VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 143.
SENATOR MORGAN
SEEKS JUSTICE
Minority Report of a Man
Who Dares to Fight
Huntington.
FRAUDS ARE DENOUNCED
Methods of Crime and Corruption
That Should Not Avail
in Congress.
RELIEF FOE THE PEOPLE ASKED
Debts of the Pacific Railroads Must
Not Be Dodged by the Crowd
That Became Enriched.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.— The
Call correspondent has secured a copy of
Senator Morgan's minority report on the
Pacific funding bill. It is a voluminous
document comprising 360 printed pages,
thirty-six of which are devoted to Mr.
Morgan's views, and the remainder is a
stenographic report of Huntington's testi
mony, under cross-examination by Sena
tor Morgan. Senator Morgan prefaces his
report by saying :
"From circumstances that were entirely
beyond control of the undersigned he has
not been able to know anything of the
proceedings of the committee which have
resulted in the bill reported to the Senate
by a majority of the Committee on Pacific
Railroads. He is informed that by some
sort of joint action between that commit
tee and the committee of the House of
Representatives (both acting through sub
committe«3) to which the Senate has not
consented, the bill reported to the Senate
haa been formulated and agreed to by a
majority of the Senate committee.
"If the undersigned had been physi
cally able to do this service and had been
chosen for it, he would not have attempted
such manifest breach of his duty as a
Senator without the instruction of the
Seiate, as is necessaryly involved in this
concerted action. Under parliamentary
law it is a breach of privilege and duty lor
a Senator to refer to the action or proposed
action of the House of Representatives as
to any measure pending thereupon which
the Senate is deliberating. Such a refer
ence is calculated to bring the pressure of
:o influence of most serious character
to bear directly upon tne action of the
Senate and to warp its free judgment
upon a measure before it to force consider
ation.
"In this case the necessity for careful
observation of this great parliamentary
law is most obvious as beingjindispensable
to the free, independent and impartial ac
tion of the Senate. The minority of the
Senate committee scarcely have the privi
lege of free speech when, added to the
weight of opinions and conclusions of the
majority of the committee of which they
are members, they are fairly smothered
out by the impressive burden of the adju
dication of a committee of the House of
Representatives upon tne identical sub-
ject.
"The subject-matter of the bill calls for
action on the part of Congress that is en
tirely novel and peculiar, and for that
reason if for no other, it demands free and
independent thought, judgment and action
of each member of Congress. So far as the
undersigned is informed Congress has not
hitherto engaged in the business of bar
gain and sale with private persons in dis
posing of property or other rights of the
Government of the United States. In this
case we are to be deprived of all such
guards against malfeasance or fraud. If
this bargain and sale is enacted into law
its miscarriage, however disastrous to the
country or injurious to public morals, will
only lie at the door of those who vote for it.
"The undersigned is unwilling thus to
deal with this great public interest, leav
ing the Government and the people with
ont any safeguard aga-inst fraud and fail
ure in the plan of bargain and sale of the
Union and Central Pacific railroads. It is
needless at this moment to penetrate the
dark cloud of suspicion that has so long
been gathering and now hangs over this
entire subject. In justice to Congress the
evil deeds that cover this whole business
like an ulcer should not be salved over
. with some concealment and left to eat its
way.
"The whole world knows that we are
aealing with men who have created these
conditions, and they impose new and
harder terms upon the Government, the
people and posterity that they are un
just and extremely dangefous. The bill
reported shows on its face that its leading
features have been docketed by the combi
nation of railroad magnates who have
combines in the general plan that is in
tended to secure to themselves great ad
vantages at the expense of the people.
"The hearings before committees of the
House show that these men have been
actiTe in negotiation and extremely alert
in presenting their views of the case,
while the Government and the people
have not been represented by authorized
and instructed agents. In this proposed
arbitrator, if it is to become law, the
Government should have been repre
sented officially and with careful diligence.
"Without attempting to array evidence
of fraud and peculation which Hunting
testimony vainly attempts to con
ceal, attention is drawn to the fact that
hib evasions of truth as it is thoroughly
established are his main reliance for mis
leading Congress in his effort to capture
the Central Pacific Railroad, after it has
made him aivi his three or four associates
enormously rich, on the plea that his pride
compels him to save the road from bank
ruptcy, to wiuth his fraudulent dealing
»eeius to have driven it.
"I respectfully dissent from the plan of
legislation embraced in this bill, and,
with a view to getting action of the Senate
on a different plan that I have the honor
to propose, I move to commit the bill to
the Committee on Paciiic Railroads with
the subjoined instructions. I present this
The San Francisco Call.
substitute for the resolution of instruc
tions I had the honor to offer on March 9,
not because I abandon any part of the
plan of legislation indicated in that reso
lution, but because there is more of detail
in that formula than is necessary to de
velop the sense of the Senate as to the
merits of the measure upon which I ask
for instructions to the Committee on Pa
cific Railroads. To reach the real sub
stance of what I am contending for I now
offer this substitute :
Resolved by the Senate, That the Committee on
Pacific Railroads is instructed to report the
same to the Senate with such amendments if
any as they choose to offer thereto, "A bill re
lating to the jurisdiction of the Court of Ap
peals of the District of Columbia."
Be it enacted that the Court of Appeals ot
the District of Columbia is hereby given juris
diction over any and all suits that may be
brought by the United States to enforce or ob
tain other relief upon any lien or liens on any
railway or railways or on any property belong
ing to one or more railway corporations, wher
ever such property may be situated.
Sec. 2. That separate liens upon different
railways or railway properties may beenforced
by the United States in tne saise suit when
such railways constitute, or were intended to
constitute, a through line, or part of or con
nected with a through line or general system
of railways. The court shall have power to
make such orders concerning; the sale of said
property as may be just and proper for the
protection of all parties concerned.
Sec. 3. That said court shall have power to
issud process, means and final, which shall run
into any district and be served as other like
process by the Marshal of such district and to
enter all proper orders, decrees and mandates,
including orders, decrees and mandates for the
payment to the United States of any deficiency
arising upon sale under such lien.
Sec. 4. That holders of liens on any such
railroads or property may be made parties to
such suit, or may intervene if not made par
ties, and said court may order any and all
proceedings by any party or parties in other
courts having jurisdiction oi a part only of the
property involved to be discontinued or stayed
until the termination of such suit by any dis
trict.
And said committee is further instructed to
report, in connection with said bill, an origi
nal bill, or amendments to the foregoing bill,
which will embody substantially the following
provisions :
First— To pay for the refunding of the first
mortgage bonds and subsidy bonds of the
Union I'acifie and Central Pacific railroad
companies outstanding in the hands of per
sons not indebted to the United States in 3
per cent bonds of the United States, to run
thirty years and subject to call at the pleasure
of the Government.
Second— To provide for a sinking fund to pay
such refunding bonds out of the net receipts of
the companies, respectively.
Third— To provide for the priority of the
United States in the payment of any sums
that shall be due the Government out of the
net receipts of such company without the de
duction from the sinking fund.
Fourth— To provide for the taking possession
of property of every kind and franchises of
each of 6aid companies in accordance with the
provisions of existing law, upon any default of
said companies respectively that is provided
for by law ; such property and franchises to
inure to the use of the United States.
Fifth— To remove from office the presi
dents and vice-presidents ana treasurers of
each of said companies and to provide for the
exercise of their power by officers appointed
under an act to be reported by the committee
under these instructions.
Sixth— To provide for a board of directors to
direct, control and manage the said companies
under their existing powers a& amended, who
shall act for each company, but shall operate
the two railroads and their branches as one
continuous system, such directors to be ap
pointed by the President of the United States
and confirmed by the Senate, and to have and
exercise all powers conferred by law upon each
of the present board of directors, including the
repeal or amendment of existing by-laws
of said companies respectively.
Seventh— To provide for the proper adjust
ment and partition of income and expenses of
each railroad in all matters that relate to
through transportation from one road upon
the line of the other.
Eighth— To provide for the apt>ointment of
trustees for each road by the President of the
United States and the manner of their account
ing.
Ninth— To provide for the payment of the
debts of each company out of its net income in
subordination to the debts owing 10 the United
States.
Tenth— To provide for the cancellation of
stock of each company and reissue of stock
graduated according to the actual value of the
property of each company.
Eleventh— To provide for the continuance of
the control of Congress over the two com
panies and their property under corporate
powers and systems now existing as they shall
be amended from time to time or until Con
gress shall otherwise direct.
Twelfth— To provide for the appointment of
all officers not herein named and the employ
ment of all persons in the service of the corpo
ration by a board of directors or under their
direction, without interference, advice or sug
gestion of any officer of the United States or
of any State.
Thirteenth— To provide that any lawful debt
or any damages incurred by either company in
the course of its current business, when the
same has been paid, shall be charged to the
account of such company and deducted from
the gross income of such company; but no
debt shall be created by the directors or agent
or employes of the companies, or either of
them, nor any damages arising out of their
conduct or transactions snail in any case be
come a debt, obligation or liability of the
United States.
"In the course of legislation on this sub
ject, so far as I have seen, the bills
that have been offered propose a total
change of the existing laws as they affect
the rignts of the United States, the
creditors of these companies, and stock
holders and bondholders, and such altera
tion is provided for in most elaborate and
complex legislation. Many of the pro
posed features of all these bills affect in a
most questionable way the vested rights
that are threatened with violent dis
turbance.
"All of these proposed measures call for
radical changes in the charter powers of
these corporations as being necessary be
fore these proposed new conditions can be
imposed upon them or their stockholders
or creditors. In all of them, so far as 1
have seen, the compulsory power of
majorities are employed to extinguish the
rights of individuals who are in the
minority of numbers or interests in cor
porations, without reference to their con
sent and in spite of their protests.
"In plain I propose that no rights of the
United States or of any bondholder, stock
holder, creditor or employe of these cor
porations, under existing laws, shall be
changed in the least degree. The laws
stand to regulate these rights without al
teration. They are sufficient as they stand
for all purposes of justice, equity, gov
ernmental authority, the protection of the
people and public policy. I propose
to add a power that is not now
provided by law that will enable
the Government to liquidate the
debt that is falling due on subsidy bond 3
and the first mortgage bonds of these com
panies, and to provide for the collection of
the debt paid for interest upon subsidy
bonds and to apply the income of corpora
tions to such purposes. To do this, we
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1896.
have to deal with the property of corpora
tions whose charter powers nave lapsed,
and all their property is forfeited to and
vested in the United States under existing
laws.
"We have to administer upon the es
tates of two corporations that nave ceased
to exist or will soon have ceased to exist
under those laws by the forfeiture of their
charters to the power that granted them
and can continue to exist only with the
consent of Congress. The new provisions
I propose to add to the statute relate only
to the revivor of these corporations and
their future administration under a new
and temporary organization.
"The jurisdiction of courts to hear and
determine a certain class of questions that
have arisen out of these transactions is
not proposed to be changed, but for the
convenient and speedy and economical
adjudication of such questions the forum
is located at Washington and the hearing
of such causes is confided to the
Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia. So I am under no ne
cessity to invent new laws to change
existing rights or to find excuses for de
stroying rights that stand in the way of
powerful men, who comprise a majority of
bondholders or stockholders in these cor
porations that are alleged to be bankrupt,
but still living. I am opposed to dealing
with them as bankrupt estates, for they
are not such, unless they have bankrupted
the conscience and treasury of the United
States by having forfeited their property
to the Government.
"It is the duty of Congress to see that no
honest man suffers in consequence of this
forfeiture, and it is doubly our duty when
this property, under prudent administra
tion, is worth all the debts it owes and, in
addition, more than every dollar of stock
that had ever been placed into the treas
ury of both these companies. This is not
a case for settlement in bankruptcy.
Those who have so long tried to bring this
great property to a condition that would
cause the Government to abandon it in
disgust should not now be permitted to
capture it.
"We cannot afford to pay salvage to
men who have conspired to wreck the
ship. The United States has a great and
active rival in the Canadian Pacific Rail
road that is virtually owned by Great
Britain. It is a rival as well in commer
cial competition as in governmental ser
vice. If we permit tb.l3 great National
highway to be served as is about to be
done— the Eastern half, with the Oregon
Short Line, to pass under control of a
European syndicate, and the Western half
to fall into the vortex of a monopoly
which is represented by the Southern Pa
cific Company— the Kentucky Company—
not only will the plan established in
1862-64 be lost and the hopes of the Gov
ernment blasted, that have cost the coun
try so much, t>ut the control of our trans
continental commerce will be also lost,
and the Government will be a beggar at
the feet of native and foreign railroad
kings for fa,vors where we now have rights.
"There is plenty of money in the hands
of the people of the United States seeking
such investments to take every bond at 3
per cent that we will issue to refund and
reduce these railroad debts. And our peo
ple will own the road in the outcome and
will gladly keep it in control of our Gov
ernment, and -we will be saved the loss and
humiliation of buying gold to ship abroad
to pay dividends on stooK. This is our
great opportunity to make of this great
road an American institution so that we
may hive one railroad at least that is not
the mere servant and dividend-producer
for capitalists of foreign countries.
"If it can ever be justly said that for
any cause we have given away or aban
doned the most vital interests of the
great community to satisfy the greed of
corrupt men we shall share their infamy,
however just may be our motives. It will
be a censure upon the American name
that will blacken it the world over if it can
even be said with any color of probability
that tbe crimes of thp Credit Mobilier and
others quite as worthy of reprobation
which hovered about the cradle of the first
and grandest of our transcontinental rail
roads have followed it and hounded it to
its grave and presided at its death and
burial.
"Under recent adverse conditions of
great business depressions and in spite of
temptations to run these railroad proper
ties down to a minimum of their earning
capacity, so that in the expected bank
ruptcy the capitalists of the world could
gobble up these great National highways
at their own price— in spite of all this, the
Continued on Third J'apt.
"FOUNDERED!"
WEYLER BUILDS
A BIG TROCHA.
It Is Kept Intact Across
the Island for Two
Weeks.
MANY MEN ON GUARD.
All the Available Spanish Forces
Kept on Duty B ly and
Night.
MACEO'S PATRIOTS HOVEB NEAR
And the Chances Are That They Will
Cross the Dead Line When
Convenient.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 20.— General
Weyler has succeeded in accomplishing
wnai Martinez Campos and other captain
generals have attempted in vain. He has
built a trocha across the island and kept it
intact for two weeks. That the present
trocha is formidable even the insurgents
admit, but they profess that it alarms
them not at all.
When Maceo passed through Havana
province to the west and Weyler stationed
1000 men along the twenty-one miles from
Mariel on the north coast to Majana
on the south, he cabled to Madrid an
nouncing that the second man in com
mand of the rebel forces wa3 penned up in
the western provinces.
After staking his reputation on the ab
solute impossibility of Maceo's crossing,
he found that detached parties of from
100 to 200 insurgents were getting through
the line at will.
He then brought all the troops from
other parts of the island that could be
spared, leaving towns in the middle
provinces forces barely sufficient for gar
rison duty and practically suspending
active operations in all but the western
province. This concentration raised the
force of troops to 28,000 and gave 6000 more
for use in the flying columns in conjunc
tion with those on the line.
The troops were set at work building
forts, digging trenches and erecting barri
cades. The work has been pushed night
and day, and the best trocha Spain has
ever built in Cuba now confronts Maceo.
Through the hilly country, south from
Mariel, redoubtß have been built for artil
lery upon every eminence between Guana
jay and Artemisia.
About the middle part of the line forts
and blockhouses with earthworks be
tween have been constructed from Majana
to the south coast, through marshy land
a broad ditch, backed by a stockade with
blockhouses at intervals. General Aerolus
who is in command of the troops on the
line, says the insurgents cannot cross
without tremendous losses.
The troops are under arms night and
day, but though they have waited two
weeks Maceo has not attacked the line.
This fact has raised a question as to the
line fro;n a military standpoint.
To maintain its strength at all points
leaves only a few thousand men who can
be used in aggressive operations. Maceo's
own forces, with those of Bandera and
Del gad o, number about 15.000.
They have been in the hills aronnd Le
chuza, fifteen miles west of the trocha, for
two weeks. They have plenty of provi
sions and have the whole province of
Pinar del Rio at their backs. They nearly
wiped out of existence the column com
manded by Lieutenant-Colonel Debos,
who attempted to drive them out of the
hills and was driven to the shores of the
Cabanas Bay. Meanwhile the main body
of the Spanish troops holds the trocha.
News has been received here that the
Spanish column under command of
Colonel Elola while marching from Ban
Jose to Valiente, near Cienfuegos, came
upon a party of 2000 rebels holding strong
positions and attacked them. The official
report of the engagement says that the
rebels were dislodged from their positions
by a brilliant charge with bayonets and
machetes and retired, leaving eighty-six
dead upon the field.
The Spanish loss was one killed and six
wounded. From other sources it is learned
that the rebel losses are exaggerated and
that the losses of the Spanish troops were
much greater than the Government ad
mits.
The name of the leader of the insurgent
party is not stated.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 20.— General
Melquizo reports that his command has
dispersed parties of rebels near Juaraco,
province of Havana. The rebels lost ten
killed and the troops six wounded. The
gunboat Cdntinela fired upon a party of
rebels who were attacking a boat carrying
supplies at Estoro, near Manzanillo.
Nine men, forming part of the boat's
crew of thirteen, were disabled by the fire
of the rebels. In a further engagement up
the river between the rebels and the eun
boat five aiore Spaniards were vfonndcd.
The reoel loss is supposed to be heavy.
The trial of Julio Sanguilly, who is said
to have been implicated in the kidnaping
of Fernandez de Castro, a rich planter,
will be held on Thursday before the Su
preme Court in this city. De Castro
obtained his release by paying a ransom
of $20,000.
Many fires in the canefislds are re
ported from the provinces of Havana and
Matnnzas. There have been frequent fires
recently in stores in Matanzas. Incen
diarism was suspected and an investiga
tion led to the arrest of the owners of the
stores. The buildings were heavily in
sured, as were also the stocks, and the
men arrested are charged with starting
the fires in order to obtain the insurance
money.
Juan Urralde Martin, who was arrested
in Spain on the charge of being the author
of the robbery perpetrated on August Bel
mont & Co. of New York, by means of a
forged draft for $24,000. purporting to be
signed by Hidalgo & Co., a well-known
firm of this city, is expected to arrive here
on the Spanish mail steamer due on
Friday next. J. Frank Clark.
WILL TAKE XO CHAXCES.
Cuban Patriot* Do Xot Take Stock in
Spain's Promise*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.— 1n the
oral discussions of Cuban affairs which
have taken place between the Spanish
Minister and Secretary Olney during the
past few weeks an informal memorandum
of some fifty or sixty reform measures,
which, under certain contingencies, the
Spanish Government is willing to accord
to Cuba, is understood to have played an
important part.
These new proposals of reform which
have been informally brought under dis
cussion between the Spanish Minister and
Secretary Olney are broader and more
liberal thfcn the decree of March 15, 1895,
and approach more closely to practical
autonomy, but are accompanied by condi
tions which apparently render their adop
tion, or even their consideration, by the
insurgents a matter of impossibility.
As in the case of the ten years' war,
Spain insists as a preliminary negotiation
that the insurgents shall first lay down
their arms, as it is against the dignity of
the Spanish crown to treat with armed
rebels. The Cuban leaders assert tnat
when they complied with similar
conitions in 1878, in order to se
cure the reforms pledged to them
by Martinez Campos the pledges
then made were chiefly left unfulfilled and
they emphatically decline to be again de
ceived in like manner. Consequently the
proffered measure of reform is likely to
fall to the ground so far as Cuba is con
cerned, though some similar provisions
may probably be tendered to Puerto Rico,
where no rebellion exists. Nothing in the
suggested plan as it now stands holds out
any prospect of a speedy termination of
this desolating war.
Private advices received here from
Havana indicate that the hopes which
were at first expressed tnat the appoint
ment of General Fitzhugh Lee as Consul-
General to Havana might open up some
way of adjustment, have died away. It
is doubted whether General Lee will be
able to take up his new duties for months
to come. This is the beginning of the
most deadly sickly season in Cuba.
The cares and worries of responsibilities
of the office of Consul-General at Havana
to an unacclimated man of General Lee's
portly physique, it is said, would be likely
to bring on an attack of yellow fever, the
chances of recovery from which might be
doubtful. Friends of General Lee who
have been long residents of Cuba are said
to have written to him, strongly dissuad
ing him from attempting to take up his
duties until the rainy season is over.
••
TO GHA.ST GREATER POWER.
What Will lie Promised in the Speech
From the Throne.
PARIS. France, April 20.— A dispatch
from Madrid to the Temps says that the
speech from the throne to be delivered
in the Cortes May 11 will declare the
entire satisfaction of the Spanish with
the attitude of the Government at Wash
ington toward Cuba. The speech will
also announce the intention of the Gov
ernment to grant to Cuba a greater
amount of local power in the administra
tion of affairs on the island, but will not
grant political autonomy nor any revision
of the tariff.
BOERS ARE VERY VIGILANT.
They Fear Another Raid Into the Trans-
vaal During the Matabe/e
Uprising.
MAFEKING, South Africa, April 19.—
Captain Duncan telephones from Bulu
wayo that he is confident that he will be
able to resist an attack by the rebellious
Matabeles. The most he fears is treachery
on the part of the natives within the
town.
He considers the laager impregnable
owing to the fortifications that have been
constructed, dynamite mines having been
laid in the suburbs and barbed wire has
Deen stretched in every direction about
the town.
A force of Boers estimated to number
1500 men are at a point within fifteen miles
ot Mafeking. Their ostensible purpose is
to prevent the spread of the rinderpest
among the cattle, but the real reason of
their being there is that they fear another
raid will be made into the Transvaal
owing to the massing of British troops at
Mafeking.
JtOICAJj WEDMJS'G AT COHURG.
Marriage of Princes* Alexandra to
Prince Ernest.
COBURG, Germany, April 20.— Tbe
marriage of Princess Alexandra, third
daughter of the Duke of Saxe-Coburg-
Gotha, and granddaughter of Queen Vic
toria, to Prince Ernest, Hereditary Prince
of Hohenlohe-Langenburg, was celebrated
to-day. After the civil marriage, wit
nessed by the Duke of York ana the Grand
Duke Paul of Russia, the bridal procession
marched to the castle church.
The procession was headed by the Duke
of Saxe-Coburg-Gotba and the Empress of
Germany, followed by Emperor William,
the Duchess of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, the
Duke of York, the Grand Duchess of
Hesse and Prince Ferdinand of Rournania.
The Duke of Snxe-Coburg-Gotna and the
Duchess of York led the bride to tbe altar.
Dr. Mulier, superintendent of the General
Supreme Council, officiated at the cere
mony, by two court chaplain?.
At the conclusion of the ceremony, the
church and other bells were rung and ar
tillery fired. The procession re-formed in
the church, the newly wedded couple
leading, and marched to the throne room,
where the wedding breakfast was served.
ARE OPPOSED TO DUELING
Members of the Reichstag Raise
a Debate on the Ques
tion.
The Historic Order of Frederick the
the Great Urged as a Proper
Remedy.
BERLIN, Germany, April 20.— 1n the
Reichstag to-day Dr. Bachem, the Cen
trist leader, raised a debate on the ques
tion of dueling by calling attention to the
recent duel between Lieutenant Yon Ket
telshodt, an officer attached to the Im
perial jaeht Hohenzollern, and Herr yon
Zenker, a prominent Berlin lawyer, result
ing in the deatii of the latter. This affair,
he said, furnished an instance in which
the injured party, who had no chanca
through legal methods of obtaining satis
faction, was driven to the extreme of
having recourse to a duel in which he was
killed, while the man who had offered the
insult which caused the duel got off with
light punishment.
The more recent duel between Lieber
echt yon Kotze and Baron yon Schraeder
was a more difficult matter to deal with.
The event, he said, must produce the con
viction in certain high quarters that re
form is necessary and must come from
above. Would it not be possible, ha
asked, that the Emperor's clear judgment
might ultimately drive the custom of duel
ing out of the world? If his Majesty fol
lowed the example of his grandfather he
would at least restrict the practice. Di.
Bachem then recalled this historic order
of FredericK the Great, concerning the dis
missal of officers from the army for taking
the law into their own hands. The organ
ization of German courts of honor, he
added, left much to be desired, and the
present time was a favorable one for re
form.
Dr. yon Boetticher, Imperial Secretary
of State for the Interior, replied that the
assumption that the authorities had not
done their duty was groundless. He could
not admit that as a matter of course. The
law, he said, was applied without distinc
tion as to the position or vocation of
offenders. The Chancellor, he continued,
had given earnest consideration to the
question as to what measures were pos
sible to insure respect for the law, but he
has not as yet arrived at any decision.
Therefore, communications to the Gov
ernment in regard to the matter were at
present inadvisable.
Herr Rickert, Radical Unionist, ex
pressed the hope that the Freissinig reso
lution demanding the suppression of
duelling, which would be offered to-mor
row, would be adopted. Kotze and
Schraeder, he declared, might have been
watched by the police, the same as social
ist suspects were watched. This method,
he said, would oe desirable, inasmuch as
Spain and Belgium were Imposing heavy
fines and terms of imprisonment upon
duellists, with the result of greatly re
stricting the practice.
Herr Schall, Conservative, condemned
the practice of duelling as contrary to
Christian commands.
Herr Bebel, socialist, said that the so
cialists would hold the advantage if this
public scandal continued.
Arbitrary Arrest*.
LONDON, Esq., April 20.— The Chroni
cle will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Constantinople, saying that several
arbitrary arrests of foreigners were made
at Galatea on Saturday last.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MURDERED BY
IZEE ASSASSINS
George Scott's Body Found
in the Ruins of a
Cabin.
SLAIN AND CREMATED.
Fate of the Popular Drummer
Learned After a Search
of Months.
TWO SUSPECTS ARRESTED.
Evidence of a Foul Crime Discovered
by Chance in a Heap of
Ashes.
PORTLAND, 0p.., April 20.— After
months of search, in which every peace
officer in "SVaohington and Oregon has
taken part, the mysterious disappearance
of George A. Scott, one of the most popu
lar traveling men on the Pacific Coast, has
been explained.
It has been found that Scott was the vie«
tim of assassins near Izee. They slew
him, took his valuables and then de
stroyed oy fire the cabin in which the
crime was committed, and the body of the
unfortunate drummer was incinerated.
The discovery of the murder has caused
intense excitement in the vicinity of Izee,
and two young men who have been ar
rested on suspicion are the targe cb at
which the dire maledictions of the neigh
borhood are directed.
Scott, who had been traveling for the J.
K. Gill Book Company for ten years,
started on what proved to be the last trip
for the linn last autumn. He was heard
from near La Grande in December, and
from that time on .all trace of him was
lost. He never remitted money while on
a trip and always carried much of it on
his person, despite the frequent warning!
he had received. Scott was a scrupulously
honest and pure man. Almost a month
ago his firm, with which his accounts
were straight, gave him up as the victim
of murderous highwaymen. This was not
done, though, before the Gill Company
had sent a description of the missing man
to every Sheriff in this State and in Wash
ington, none of whom reported that Scott
had been seen by them.
Joseph Keerins and Mark Bailey of Can
yon City investigated the premises of an
isolated sheepherder's cabin in the moun
tains about eight miles beyond Izee, which
was burned last fall, and upon digging
into the ashes found small fragments of
human bones, teeth, a matchbox, the
charred leaves of books, buckles and but
tons from a man's clothing. These were
later identified as having belonged to
Scott. In addition, buckles belonging to
a single-set of cart-harness, and small
pieces of cart-spokes were found. Henry
Trowbridge brought the relics to town and
Sheriff Combs and Deputy District Attor
ney Cozad immediately started lor the
cabin ruins to commence a systematic
search and attempt to ferret out tbe mys
tery. As a result they hsve placed Wil
liam Bare and Richard Hinkle under ar
rest. They were brought to the county
seat and jailed. The officials claim that
circumstances are strongly against the
pair, who will be given a preliminary
trial as soon as important witnesses ar
rive. Keerins t and Bailey were first led to
the investigation of the burned cabin by
the finding of one of the hubs of a cart
wheel that had been burned, hidden in the
underbrush near the site of the burned
cabin. This was recognized as having be
longed to a cart Scott used when last seen
in that place.
The murdered man was more exten
sively known to Oregon and Washington
farmers than any other person in those
States.
AN ELOPEMENT AND DEATH.
L C. Jackson of Nebraska Committed
Suicide to Avoid a Wronged
Husband's Vengeance.
FRIEND, Nebr., April 20.— Two weeks
ago L. C. Jackson, a leading business man
os this place, prosperous, and with a wife
and family, disappeared. He secured all
the ready money he could, but left his
wife well provided for. Three days later
Mrs. E. W. Davis, wife of another business
man, also disappeared, taking with her
her little daughter, and the supposition
was that she had joined Jackson, though
there was no proof of this.
Davis, the husband, declared he would
hunt the guilty pair and secure possession
of his child. The climax came to-day in a
tragic way at Salt Lake City, U tab, a private
telegram from that place annoucing the
arrival there of Davis, the finding of hia
wife and daughter in Jackson's company
and the further fact that Jackson bad
committed suicide on being apprehended.
Details of the tradgey have not been
learned. Davis and his wife are on their
way home, and the body of Jackson will
be shipped here for burial. Both families
were prominent social leaders ol the town.
Mela for Smith* Murder.
CHICAGO, 111., April 20.— John M.
Ryan, a walking delegate for the Painters'
and Decorators' Union and sergeant-at
arms of the Building Trades Council, was
held to the Grand Jury without bail to
day by the Coroner's jury as one of the
two men who murdered John L. Smith,
secretary-treasurer of the Patek-Smith
Company, painters and decorators, Satur
day afternoon at bis place of business in
the downtown district by hitting him on
the head with a piece of gaspipe.
Northern Vacijic Securities.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 20.— The J. P.
Morgan Company states that all deposited
securities under the Northern Pacific plan
will be kept alive as long as any vestige of
value remains in them.
For Interesting Pacific Coast Tele
grams See Pages 3 and 4.2
LITTLE PROGRESS
IN LEGISLATION
Appropriation Bills Yet
Occupy the Attention
of Congress.
MUCH TALK, NO ACTION.
Gear Preparing the Majority
Report on the Debts of
Pacific Railroads.
MINORITY VIEWS WITHHELD.
In the House Questions of Deficiency
in the Revenues Are Con.
sidered.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.— N0
»ctual progress in the work of legislation
was made in the Senate to-day. The reso
lution for an investigation into recent
bond issues came to the surface on two or
three occasions, but Hill of New York was
not inclined to yield an inch of the right
of the Senate to a lull debate on the reso
lution or to indicate any time when a vote
might be reached ; and on the other hand
the chairman and members of the Com
mittee on Appropriations insisted on the
importance of getting along with the great
appropriation bills. Finally Peffer con
sented reluctantly to have that resolution
laid aside temDorarily until the appropria
tion bills now before the Senate are
passed. It is still the unfinished business,
however, and as such will be entitled to a
formal presentation to the Senate at 2
o'clock every day.
The Indian appropriation bill was under
consideration the whole day, but did not
adyance a single step. The paragraph on
the subject of the Indian schools was
passed over informally on account of the
übsence of Carter of Montana, who had
offered an amendment to strike out the
House provisions on that subject and then
the Senate got into a tangle on an amend
ment reported by the Committee on Ap
propriations for the payment of the fees
of some fifteen attorneys for legal services
characterized as "lobbying" rendered to
the "old sealers or Western Cherokees."
There was a good deal of a controversy on
this subject in which Chandler of New
Hampshire took a leading part. The mat
ter had not been brought to an issue
when the bill was laid aside for the day.
Notice was given by Vilas of Wisconsin
that on Wednesday, the 29th of April, he
would present to the Senate a communica
tion from the Governor of Wisconsin
offering to Congress the statue of Pere
Marquette.
Pugh (D.) of Alabama presented on the
part of his colleague, Morgan, absent on
account of illness, a minority report on the
Pacific Railroad debt bill.
Wolcott (It.) of Colorado, a member of
the Pacific Railroad Committee, said the
bill reported by Gear on Friday last was
not the unanimous report of tbe com
mittee. He had not aereed and did not
agree with tbe rest of the committee as to
so much of the bill as related to the settle
ment with the Union Pacific and had
reserved the right to file a minority report.
The report filed on behalf of Morgan
represented that Senator's views and he
(Wolcott) would also file a minority
report.
Brice (D.) of Ohio, another member of
the committee, said that the chairman
[Gear) was now revising the majority
report, which had not yet been presented.
In view of that statement the two minority
reports were withheld. The Senate at 4:15
■djourned until to-morrow.
GEXERAL VEFICIESCY BILL.
It Caused a Prolonged. Debate in the
Hcu.se.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.— After
passing a few private bills the House spent
the remainder of the session to-day in the
consideration of the general deficiency
bill— the general appropriation bills. A
prolonged debate was occasioned by the
paragraph appropriating $850,000 to sup
ply a deficiency in the collection of the
customs revenues. The action of the Sec
retary of the Treasury in increasing the
:uetom3 force at New York was criticized
by Hepburn (R.) of lowa. This increase
was due, according to Dingley (R.) of
Maine, to the change from specific to ad
valorem duties made by the Wilson-
Gorman act. A general comparison of the
tariff laws of 1890 and 1894, both as to the
revenue produced by them and the cost of
collecting the same, and a comparison of
the appropriations of the past four Con
gresses, made a lively debate which lasted
nearly three hours. The committee con
cluded consideration of the bill without
material amendment, and it was passed
by the House. At 6:05 o'clock the House
adjourned.
APPROVED Bt OjETMLAXD.
Act* of Congress That the President
Favors.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.— The
President has approved acts granting pen
lions to Major-General John M. Thayer,
United States Volunteers; Miss Mary E.
Hull, dependent sister of J. A. Hull,
Eighty- first Illinois Volunteers; Molly
:'raudall, widow of Captain 0. P. Cran-
Jall, First Oregon Infantry; Catherine R.
lardine, wid»w of Brigadier-General Ed
•rard Jardine, U. S. A.; Elizabeth Moore
English, widow of Rear-Admiral Earl
English, and Mary A. Hall, widow of C.
I. Hall, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers;
in act providing for the disposal of lands
pn abandoned portions of the FortAssina
boine Indian Reservation in Montana, and
the relief of certain settlers thereon; joint
resolution directing the Secretary of War
to transmit to Congress a report on the
survey of the waterway connecting Puget
Sound to Salmon Bay with lakes Union
i-d Washington, and to submit an esti
mate for constructing it. * •■"
WALLER IS WAHHINQXON.
ICx- Consul Yet Hopeful of Getting
Damages From France.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.— Ex-
Consul J. L. Waller paid his first visit to
she State Department this morning since
his turn to America. He did not see Sec
tary Olney, but had a talk with Assistant.
Secretary Adee about his claim for dam-
»ges on account of the treatment alleged
io have been given him while en route to
Marseilles as a prisoner of war. He also
law Chief Chilton of the Consular Bureau
ibout the unsettled condition of his con
lular accounts. Mr. Waller thinks he is
sntitled to indemnity for the confiscation
jf his rubber concession by the French
Government, but it is not likely that the
State Department will give him any as
sistance in. this matter, because of the
waiver given by this Government to secure
Waller's release.
4 A HEX AM Hi LAXD ACT.
11 e port of the Bouse Committee Agreeing
to -*mend It.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.— The
House Committee on Irrigation and Lands
has agreed to report favorably a bill
amending the Carey arid land act. One
amendment provides that all arid lands
which will not successfully produce ordi
nary crops without irrigation, shall be
considered as "desert lands," The time
within which States and Territories are
permitted to reclaim and occupy desert
lands is limited to ten years from segrega
tion.
After the segregation of arid land shall
have been made by the Secretary of the In
terior, a map is to be riled and tne lands
certified to trie State or Territory, as desert
lands, and certificates of tne Secretary of
the Interior to be final. The committee
regards tnis as an important change, as it
shuts out the possibility of future contest
and gives a guarantee to those who invest
in construction of irrigatine works.
JFOR OMAHA'S EXPOSITION.
Liberal Appropriation Made by the Ways
and Mean* Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.— The
Ways and Means Committee to-day ordered
a favorable report on the bill to aid the
Trans-Mississippi International Exposition
at Omaha. The bill appropriates $200,000
for a Government building and exhibit,
but requires the exposition committee to
raise $250,000 before the Government allot
ment is available.
Willis offered an amendment authoriz
ing and directing the President to call an
international monetary conference to es
tablish an international standard of ratio
between gold and silver. Ruled out on
point of order.
dominated by the President.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.— The
President sent to the Senate to-day the
following nominations: Postmasters:
Washington — John L. Anable, Mount
Vernon; Edwin E. Sluder of New Mexico,
Register of the Land Office at Las Crnces,
N. Mex. ; Caleb P. Organ of Wyoming,
receiver of public moneys at Cheyenne,
Wyo. t^SS
THE SUNDRY CIVIL BILL
Appropriations Agreed Upon in
the Report Made to
the Senate.
Liberal Allowances Made for Public
Buildings End Salaries of
Officials.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.— The
sundry civil bill was reported to the Sen
ate to-day. . Among the public building
items added by tne Senate committee were
the following:
Continuation of building at Boise City,
Idaho, $50,000 and increase of limit of cost
by that amount.
Continuing;public building at Cheyenne,
Wyo.. $50.C00 and increasing limit of cost
from $150,000 to $250,000.
Establishing an assay office at Dead
wood, S. Dak., 115,000.
Continuing public building at Helena,
Mont., $50,000 and increasing limit of cost
from $159,000 to $300,000.
Alterations to Los Angeles (Cal.) court
house, $12,000.
Under the Lighthouse Board's work the
following item has been added: Con
structing a light vessel for San Francisco
harbor, $30,000. The construction of a
revenue cutter of tbe first class at a cost of
$200,000 for use on the great lakes is au
thorized.
A new appropriation of $60,000 is made
for the continuance of the construction of
buildings at Fort Harrison military post
in Montana and $50,000 to extend the bar
racks and make the necessary sanitary
improvements at Fort D. A. Russell, Wyo.
Under the engineering department an
item increasing the appropriation for the
continuation of the improvement of the
harbor and bay at Humboldt, Cal., from
$159,000 to $225,000.
The amount appropriated by the House
for the payment of salaries, fees, etc., of
Unites States Marsha's, deputies, etc., has
been increased from $817,000 to $1,500,000;
of district attorneys, increased from
$205,000 to $400,000; regular assistants to
district attorneys, increased from $65,000
to $100,000; fees of clerks, increased from
$165,000 to $300,000; fees of witnesses in
creased from $750,000 to $1,400,000; support
of United States prisoners increased from
$320,000 to $600,000.
Judgment Affirmed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.-The
appeal of Charles Thiede from the judg
ment of the Supreme Court of the Terri
tory of Utah, which affirmed the sentence
of the trial court that he be hanged for mur
der, was disposed of to-day in the United
States Supreme Court, the judgment of
the Territorial court being affirmed. There
is a question as to whether the case should
be remanded to tbe Supreme Court of the
State of Utah or to the Federal court for
the District of Utah. This will be ex
amined by the Attorney-General and his
suggestion thereto will oe adopted by the
court. It will probably go back to the
State court.
Rothschilds as Smelters.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.— Mr.
Keigbtly, Unitea States Vice-Consular
Agent at Newcastle, N. S. W., reports that
the Rothschilds have acquired a large
interest in one of the leading silver smelt
ing works in New South Wales. These
works are projected on an eitensive scale
for the treatment of silver ore from Bun
ker Hill by the Ashcroft process. A com
pany in which the Rothschilds held a
large interest, called the New Sulphide
Corporation, has purchased a site at
Cockle CreeK, about twelve miles from
Newcastle, and works costing some $290,
--000 are being erected. They will employ
2600 men.
For a Monetary Conference.
WASHINGTON, D.C., April 20.— Willis
(D.) of Delaware to-day offered in the
House a joint resolution authorizing and
directing the President to invite the com
mercial nations of the world to join in an
international monetary conference, to be
held at as early a date as practicable, for
the purpose of establishing an inter
national standard of ratio between gold
and silver as money. A commission of
nine is created— thr^e to be members of
the House, appointed by the Speaker,
three to be Senators and three to be ap
pointed by the President. The sum of
$150,000 is appropriated toward the joint
expense of the conference.
For Building* in Utah.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.— The
Senate Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds this morning made a favor
able report on the bills appropriating $500,
--000 for a public building at Salt Lake,
Utah, of which $100,000 is for a site and the
preparation of plans, and $188,000 for a
public building at Ogdeu, of which $60,000
is for site and plans.
Gold for Shipment.
NEW YORK, N. V., April " 20.—Heidel
bach, Ickleheimer & Co. will ship $400,000
gold to Europe to-morrow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 1896.
JOCKEY FOSTER'S
TRAGIC DEATH
First Fatal Accident on
the New Course at
Newport.
TIN HORN'S BAD FALL.
Jammed Into the Fence and
Thrown With the Rider
Under Him.
GARDNER WINS FIVE RACES.
Great Day for the Mudlarks and
Bookies at the Fcrsyth
Track.
NEWPORT, Ky., April 20.— The first
fatal accident on the new Queen City
Jockey Club's course occurred in the third
race to-day. Jockey Joe Foster o? the
Ireland Bros.' stable was on Tin Horn,
who had the rail in the third race.
In making the turn at the first quarter
Tin Horn was jammed into the fence and
fell with the toy under him. Foster was
carried to one of the stables and sent to
the hospital, where he died. He was about
20 years old and lived in Nashville.
J. Gardner won five of the races.
Weather line, track fast, attendance 3000.
Six furlongs, Zanone won, Cuticline second,
Cashier third. Time, l:lsj£.
Four furlongs, Tern pest a won, Snag secoud,
Traveler third. Time, :i&>£.
One mile, s-dkel won, iluskalonge second,
Hardenburg third. Time, I:42U'.
Four and a naif turlongs, Van Essa won,
Woodlawn second, Ethel Lee third. Time,
:56^'.
Seven furlongs, Whyota won, Elizbert sec
ond, Hurlbert third Time, 1:28}4
Seven furlongs, selling, Cyclone won, Alamo
second, Uno third. Time, I :2BJ£.
CHICAGO, 111., April 20.— The morning
rain had its effect at Forsyth, as the tract
was heavy, being fully four seconds slow
and just to the Jikine of the mudlarks.
The bookmakers reaped a harvest as only
one favorite, Lillian E, pulled down a
purse. A new starting-machine was civen
two trials and as it worked satisfactorily
the management concluded to put one at
every starting-point to-morrow.
Six furlongs, Winslow won, Montell second.
Bust Up third. Time, 1 :31.
Half a mile, Belle oi Kilea won, Ethel Farrell
second, Sau Benito third. Time, :53.
Six furlongs, Gomor won, Ashland second,
EuieT third. Time, l:20»^.
Six and a half furloags, Blackingßrush won,
Otho second. Air Tight third. Time, 1 :28li.
Seven furlong*, Lillian E won, Fraukie D
second. Teeta May third. Time, I :34>i.
Six ana a half furlongs, Helen H won, Ouna
laska second, Caufield 'hlrd. Time, 1:26?£.
MEMPHIS, Tens, April 20.—Luehr
mann's Hotel stakes, $1500 guaranteed, was
the feature of to-day's card at Montgomery
Park, the favorite winning by sheer good
luck. Rondo pot off in front, but at the
quarter lost the place to Hanlon, who held
it up to the stretch by a length and a half.
There tie quit hard and the favorite forged
ahead, winning ;by two lengths. Five fa
vorites won.
Half a mile, Sulsun won, Blitzen's Sister
second. Lord Zeni third. Time, :51.
Seven furlongs, Forget won, Lady Doleful
second, Hibernfa Queen third. Time, 1:30 Vi.
Luehrmann's Hotel stake, one mile, Rondo
won, Frontier second, St. Helena third. Time,
l:44Jf
Hall a mile, Scribe won. Moncreitn second,
Albert Vale third. Time, :»lfcL
One and a quarter miles, Jim Henry won,
Little Tom second, Torn Kelly third. Time,
One mile, Overella won, Albert 8 second
Rosemore third. Time, I:44}^.
The great colt Green Jacket, which Pat
Dunne paid Cliff Porter $6000 for a few
weeks since and which was heralded as
the equal in promise of Clifford, may not
run any more this season. He has bowed
a tendon in his front leg. He was entered
in to-day's card, but did not go to the post
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.-The
second day's race meet at Bennington was
marked by a much better weather condi
tion than that which characterized the
opening day. The favorites did well.
Five furlongs, The Swain won, Factotum sec
ond. Play or Pay third. Time, 1:02 2-5.
One mile, selling, Chugnut won, Tomoka sec
ond, Live O»k third. Time, 1:44 2-5.
The Arlington stake, half a mile, Successful
won, Kittie B II second, HI Daddy third
Time, :50.
Halt mile, selling, Joe Hujman won, Russler
second, Yankee Heiress third. Time, :50 l i
One mile and fifty yards, selling, Roundsman
won. Volley second, Sue Kittie third. Time,
1 :47 - -0.
AMBOIT ABOUT TO RETIRR.
The Diamond Will J.one a Great First-
Base Player.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 20.— Adrian C.
Anson is about to retire from the diamond.
At least he so informed Frank Pears, the
star twirler of the Detroit Western League
Club last night. Anson broached the sub
ject of his retirement while the two were
talking. He said that he bad definitely
decided to withdraw from active service
on the ball field, and that as long as Decker
played first base with credit to the team
and to himself he would not again sup
plant him.
Pears said that Anson gave as bis rea
son for retiring that he felt that he lacKed
a good deal of the suppleness and vim
necessary to play his position properly,
and that be had been criticised so severely
for remaining on the diamond that he felt
it was better for the club to give some
younger man an opportunity. He said
that so much had been written and said
about bis play at first that he thought the
work of tbeclub as a whole would be bene
fited by his retirement, as the players
themselves might have become imbued
with the idea that his presence at first
base was hurtful rather than helpful.
He had determined, therefore, to give
Decker a more thorough trial on the base
than he did last season, and if that player
demonstrated sufficient ability he (Anson)
would not play again.
FOUGHT TWENTY JtOVliJiS.
Stout of Otnnha Ortr the Decision Over
Italy of Bang or.
HOT SPRINGS, Abk., April 20.— The
twenty-round go this afternoon between
Danny Daly of Banger, Me., and George
Stout of Omaha was one of the best events
ever seen here, and attracted a crowd of
3000 spectators. Preliminary to the cen
tral attraction on the programme Kid
O'Brien of Omaha and Jack Eckhart of
Streator, 111., put up a lively four rounds,
the decision f>oing to Eckhart. Another
good event was between tue Terrible Swede
of California and Kid Lewis of Philadel
phia, Lewis winning.
The stars fought twenty rounds, all of
which were lively throuehout. In the last
round Stout dislocated Daly's arm with an
uppercut, and the decision was given to
the Omaha man.
Plumbers oh. a tiirike.
CHICAGO. 111., April 20.— A1l of the
plumbers employed by the various beer
pump houses in the city went on strike
this morning. Seven firms and two brew
ing companies are affected. The object of
the strike is to compel the beer-pump
firms to employ none but union men, pay
$3 75 per day in wages and sign the agree
ment made by the Master Plumbers' Asso
ciation and the Plumbers' Union.
NO EIGHT-HOUR STRIKES.
New York Employers Are All Granting the
Demands Made by Organized
Labor.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 20.— New
York, it is now believed, will be practic
ally free from the big eight-hour strikes
which are agitating the country, on May
1. It has so happened that New York,
which has taken the lead in the eight
hour movement, has secured the eight
hour day quietly in nearly all building
trades. Many other trades have also se
cured eight hours without a strike, and
thus this city on May 1 will be a favored
spot. President Gompers of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor will return to the
city to-day.
President Harris of the Ciear-makers'
Union, No. 144, who is also president of
the State branch of the federation, said
yesterday :
"As it looks now there will be few if
any eight-hour strikes iv New York. The
strikes will be in the outside towns. Most
of the members of the Brotherhood of
Carpenters— the trade selected by the fed
eration to make the eight-hour strugele
this year — have already the eight-hour
workday. Many other trades which have
secured the eight-hour workday in New
York will have to strike for it in other
cities.
"It is generally recognized that the dis
placement of the men by machinery can
be best met by shortening the working
day. This rule has been lived up to better
in New York than any other city. Othes
trades which have secured eight hours will
have celebrations on or about May 1.
They will chiefly take the form of indoor
mass- meetings.
"When the strikes are started on May 1
a national eight hour association will be
formed. It will embrace all trades making
the demand, as well as the trades in this
city which have gained the demand.
Eight-hour strikes next year will be under
the auspices and have the assistance and
co-operation of this National eight-hour
association."
AMONG THE RAILROADS.
No Agreement Reached Regard
ing Party Rates West of
the Missouri.
Restrictions on Summer Tcurist
Tickets to Shut Out the
Scalpers.
CHICAGO, 111., April 20.— The repre
sentatives of the trans-Missouri railroads
returned from the Denver meeting, which
did not accomplish all that was set before
it. No agreement was reached as to party
rates west of the Missouri and readjust
ment of the Missouri River-Colorado rate
trouble was left open. These two matters
will be taken up at a speoial meeting to be
held here next Thursday. It was decided
to take out the round-trip rate from Kansas
City to Glenwood Springs, which has been
badly scalped in Denver. ' It was found
necessary, on account of manipulation by
the broilers, to use the joint acency and
deposit restriction hereafte ron all summer
tourist tickets from the Missouri River to
Colorado common points. Offices will be
established in Colorado Springs, Pueblo
and Denver.
Articles of incorDoraiion of the Chicago,
Hammond and Western Railroad were
filed today with tne Secretary of State at
Springfield. It is proposed to build a
road from Blue Island, 111., to a point in
Dupage County, to connect with the Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. Paul road. The
capital stock is $1,500,000.
In futiue the Union Pacific officials will
keep clear of brokers and secret cut rates,
the legal department having ruled since
the Supreme Court's decision in the Brown
case that a road in the hands of a court
must confine itself to meeting the secret
cut rates of competitors when discovered
with opposition tariffs wherever made.
The passenger department has been ac
cordingly instructed.
GOOD LUCK OF A BARUEIt.
Henry Sehroeder the Heir to a Vast
Estate.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J. } April 20.-
Henry Bchroeder jis the village barber in
the little borough of South River, six miles
from here. Before he was the barber he
■was the Postmaster, and he lost the office
for offensive partisanship. Now he has
determined to give up his shop and take
possession of a; fortune to which he be
lieves he is the heir. Some time ago he
saw an advertisement in a German paper
for the heirs to the fortune of Teresa
Titiens, the famous singer. She left an
estate now valued at $5,000,000, all of which
he thinks he is entitled to.
Titiens sang in this country in 1875. She
died in 1877. She left the greater part of
her wealth to her nephew,' Peter Titiens,
orTitjens, but the will was contested, and
the legal controversy which followed
dragged along many years. Meanwhile
the nephew died. Schroeder's mother was
a first cousin of the singer. Having gath
ered together what proofs he had he sent
them to the attorney mentioned in the
advertisement, and a few days ago re
ceived word that : his claim was the best,
and that it would be to his advantage to
come to Hamburg. He is about 58 years
of age.' . y
HCANDAL, AT AX ASYLUM.
Serious Charges Against the Superintend.
. ent to Be Investigated.
' LINCOLN, Nebh., April 20.— Governor
Holcomb announced to-day that he would
on next Thursday begin an investigation
of the charges filed against Superintend
ent Mackay of the hospital for the insane
at ; Norwalk. _ These charges are sensa
tional in character, declaring Mackay
guilty of cruelty to inmates, of undue
familiarity with female employes, ana of
other improper conduct- They are signed
and sworn to by employes and ex-em
ployes of the hospital. Governor Hol
comb will go to Norwalk Wednesday.
A» to Protettant Marriage*.
CHICAGO, 111., April 20.— At the Meth
odists' meeting to-day a letter wbb read by
Rev. John Lee, who is in charge of the
movement to secure State recopnition of
Protestant marriages in certain South
American countries, from the Ecuador
Consut-General in the United States on
the subject. He informs the ministers
that he is sorry to say the Ecuadorian
press has only oestun to refer to the azita
tion in this country and that the Govern
ment had not decided on anything yet.
He hopes the next National convention
will take up the matter.
Mutt Pay the Death Penalty.
CHICAGO, 111., April 20.— Joseph
Windratn was found guilty to-night by a
jury of the murder of Carey B. Birch, the
street railway cashier, and his punish
ment fixed at deatb. The jury was unani
mously for the death penalty. Mannow,
the sell-confessed accomplice of Wind
rath, is expected to receive the same sen
tence from Judge Horton, although he
pleaded guilty during the progress of the
trial. Birch was shot down while count
ing the company's cash in the car-barns
and robbed of $3&0.
TILLMAN READY
FOR THE FRAY
Will Bolt the Convention if
Free Silver Is Not
Favored.
DECLARES FOR BLAND.
Says People Are Tired of Gold
Bugs and Straddle Bugs
and Plutocrats.
JELLY FISHES ARE NOT WANTED
If Issuer Are Not Squarely Met at
Chicago, Defeat for the Party
Is Certain.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 20 —Senator Ben
jamin R. TiUman of South Carolina ar
rived here this morning. At noon he vis
ited the Merchants' Exohange and made a
brief address. To-night the Senator spoke
for two hours at the Exposition building
on "The New Pending Crisis."
In an interview to-day he said :
"If the Chicago convention does not de
clare for free silver I shall wait out. and I
think all the delegates from my State will
do the same thing. The people are tired
of gold bugs and straddle bugs, and they
are not eoing to be dictated to any more
by the plutocrats of Wall street.
"If Mr. Bland is nominated I will cer
tainly support him. I will try to get the
South Carolina delegation for him. We
want no Jelly fishes. We want men who
are for silver and who will stand by us. If
we go to Chicago and secure a declaration
for 16 to 1 and then nominate a straddle
bug, it will simply be to hang out an em
blem of defeat.
"For all the loss we would sustain by the
defection of gold bugs we would gain more
by additions from free silver Republicans
and the Populists. The time has come for
a new alignment and we want it made
right now."
ATTITUDE <>*• THE A.. P. A,
McKinley Sot Opposed by the Order for
JPtrsonal Uranium.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, April 20.— Judge
J. H. D. Stevens, chairman of the National
advisory committee of the A. P. A., is in
Cincinnati, and it is said held a confer
ence with the Ohio members of the organ
ization to-day. He has sent the following
statement to The United Press:
So many canards and malicious false
hoods have been circulated by opponents
of the A. P. A. regarding its attitude
toward the political parties, the candidates
of each for the office of President of the
United States and the platforms to be
formulated at the respective National con
ventions, that the National advisory
board of the A. P. A., through the execu
tive committee and the campaign com
mittee of the executive body, respectfully
requests the press to publish in the inter
ests of fairness the following statement of
facts :
First— The contest which this organiza
tion is making against the candidacy of
William McKinley is not directed against
Mr. McKinley as a person, because the
members of the advisory board have no
grievance against Mr. McKinley as a man,
but fight him and will continue to fight
him at the convention and at the polls be
cause his public record is not consistent
with our standard of official character, and
the basis of our action will be set forth in
incontrovertible form at the proper time;
and furtner, regarding the various state
ments appearing in the newspapers for the
past week relative to the attitude of the
A. P. A. toward the candidacy of Governor
William McKinley for the Republican
nomination at St. Louis, one of the Ohio
State officials of the order said to-day:
"Most of the charges in relation "to
Governor McKinley's antipathy to
the A. P. A. in Ohio while he was
Governor and his persistent disregard for
or refusal to comply with the express de
sires of the organization are matters that
are well known and will be substantiated
by indisputable evidence in due time, as
well as the fact that he while Governor
almost invariably gave preference in his
appointments to known enemies of the
order. The evidence of this is now being
quietly gathered, and while care will be
taken not to do him any injustice enough
has been already obtained to warrant me
in saying that the evidence will show Gov
ernor McKinley to have in the past pursued
such a course that no member of the A.
P. A. or kindred patriotic orders can sup
port him and be true to their principles.
Second— That we make no fight against
any man because of his religion, and it
makes no difference to what religious be
lief Mr. McKinley or any other candi
date holds allegiance, and that we are not
opposing McKinley in the personal inter
est of any other candidate.
Third— That we made every effort, con
sistent with our manhood and our dignity
as members of an organization of 4,000.000
voters, to reach Mr. McKinley, but with
out success.
Fourth — That Congressman Gros
venor's statement that he did not refuse
to see the committee; that he did not
virtually insult the committee in the
language of his refusal to meet tt after re
quests made both by Sersreant-at-Arms
Russell of Missouri and Congressman W.
8. Linton; that the statements to the con
trary are untrue; that Congressman Gros
venor treated the committee in precisely
the manner as described by the committee
in the statement to which Mr. Grosvenor
so abusively makes reply.
Fifth — That all statements regarding
Congressman Linton's withdrawal from
the Presidential contest were sent out in
the interest of certain Presidential candi
dates; that all such statements were un
authorized, and circulated by the op
ponents of this organization to defeat its
aims.
Sixth-That Mr. Linton is not a candi
date for President in any sense; that he ie
making a personal effort in such direction,
or that he is directing any 6uch move
ment. On the contrary, the movement in
his behalf was a spontaneous movement,
having its birth in the love which the or
ganization bears the man who has so
bravely stood squarely upon the princi
ples of this organization. Mr. Linton is
one of the acknowledged leaders of the or
ganization and is and will be at St. Louis
our candidate for President, and as such
we know him to be too good an American
to refuse to do what the patriotic citizens
of this country request of him. I While
the movement to honor X him
did not find, directly or indirectly,
its initiative with him, yet the
organization should pay no attention to
the press dispatches denying the candidacy
of Mr. Linton, as they are sent out in the
interests of certain Presidential candidates
and to confuse the members of the A. P. A.
and to harmonize its actions. For this
reason the campaign and propaganda com
mittee has embodied and will embody all
public statements regarding every ac\oi it
in the form of special circulars; all public
statements not signed by the chairman or
the members of the committee, or in the
form of an interview with them, the or
ganization should consider to be unauthor
ized or lies made out of whole cloth.
J. H. D. Stevens,
Chairman of the National Advisory Com
mittee and Chairman of the Propaganda
and Campaign Committee.
C. P. Johnson, Secretary.
RIVERSIDE CONTENTION.
American Protective Association Repub
licans Declare for McKinley.
RIVERSIDE, Cai., April 20.— The Re
publican County Convention met to-day
to elect delegates to the Congressional and
State conventions, to be held at Sacra
mento next month. The delegates chosen
will serve at both places. The convention
was organized and controlled by the Amer
ican Protective Association.
Resolutions were passed pledging the
party to fealty to the Republican platfoim
of 1892, and to an undivided support of the
nominees of the Si. Louis convention.
Further, the resolutions declare confidence
in the ability and efforts of Hon. W. W.
Bowers, Representative in Congress, and
pledge to him support for renomina
tion and re-election. "Standing as its ex
ponent of protection to American indus
tries," the resolutions continue, "we de
clare that Hon. William McKinleyis the
choice of rhe people of this county for
President."
The delegates elected are O. B. Fuller,
W. W. Phelps, Dr. C. W. Craven, P. S.
Caotleuian, D. G. Mitchell, J. T. Nance.
T. E. Ellis, A. G. Munnand L. Middlecoff.
They go pledged for McKinley.
McKinlry Men Bolted.
NASHVILLE, Ten*., April 20.— 1n the
Republican Convention of the Sixth Dis
trict at Clarksville to-day there was a
split. The anti-McKinley element con
trolled the convention, and tnose favoring
the Ohio man bolted. G. Q. Boya, the
negro lawyer of Clarksville, was nomi
nated hy acclamation for Congress.
PATRIOTS' DAY CELEBRATION.
Elaborate Demonstrations to Commemorate
the Anniversary of the Battle of
Lexington.
BOSTON, Mass., April 20.-Patriots'
day, commemorating the battle of Lexing
ton, was appropriately observed as a gen
eral holiday in this city and State to-day.
Public buildings and exchanges were
closed and business was generally sus
pended. Bell-ringing and salutes, parades,
military reunions and meetings of pa
triotic orders, children's entertainments,
religious festivals and various sports. In
cluding bicycle runs, the opening of the
cricket season and baseball, made up the
general programme.
At Lesington the celebration commenced
earJy. At 5 o'clock a fife and drum corps
marched over the route taken by Paul
Revere, and all the bells in town were
rung for an hour. At 9 o'clock there was
a firemen's parade through the principal
streets of the town. The public buildings
were handsomely decorated with flags and
bunting, and the dwellings were all orna
mented with decorations. At 10 and 3
o'clock band concerts were given on the
historic green by the East Lexington
band. The events of the day closed with
the ringing of bells and the firing of
salutes at sunset, a promenate concert and
dance in th« hall of the Old Belfry Club.
O'Donneil Won in the Tenth.
LONDON, Ejtq., April 20.-The fieht be
tween the heavy-weights Steve O'Donnell
and Owen Sullivan for £200 took place to
night at the Covent Garden Gymnasium.
O'Donuell won in the tenth round.
An Offer for a Fight.
LONDON, Eng., April 20.— The Boling
broke Club offers a purse of £350 for a fight
between O'Donnell and Slavin.
TO-DAY."
Prospective
Rusticators
f
**i TRads I 1
N.B.
I MARK I
FLANNEL OUTING
SHIRTS
Are the best and biggest moneys
worth. No way to prove it bet-
ter than to see them. All stores.
See the mark.
S»«MMM»MMMMMMM«MM MMMMMMKIIM ■« >«>»»e«e« »» ►
OFFICE Ol '
t BLACKWCLL'B DURHAM TOBACCO COMPANY. ;
_g DURHAM, N. C. \\ '
111 ATf Dear Sir: *
in Ml You are entitled to receive :
ALI AIJJJLJ FREE from your wholesale dealer
mw ■■■■ white star SOAP with all :
/ the • '
*m*\ mnU Blackwell's Genuine i
iflOrOllEniS Durham Smoking !
■!■*■ 9HPBIV N TobaCCO you buy. One bar '•
■■■■ Bb 1 a of soap Free with each pound, •
Iff » A II It 1 whether 16 oz., 8 oz., 4 oz., or : :
Whfl Hfltfll aM^ i "« cs -
SB UIJ JiiOydllif We have notified every whole- <
•-■ ■ ■« Blfima Bale dealer in the United States :
—--^ - . that we will supply them with soap :
tflpifl fi ff^i^l to give you FREE. Order a good :
'II US I■■ "11 supply of GENUINE DURHAM at ■
I Illfilflall once and insist on getting your :
m tgHgßalg S? If m soap. OnebarofSoappp^^with ;
mmi v**w* each pound you buy. Soap U '
offered for a limited time, so ordet <
, to-day. Yours very truly, ',
I BLACKWELL'S DURHAM
ii TOBACCO COMPANY. :
■ »MMM»» If you ha** any difficulty in procuring your * - - %
soap, cut out this notice and send It with *"••••'"•*♦
. your order to your wholesale dealer.
* ♦ -.- - J.. , 1 —
"THE GREAT.'" '
ARE TOO NERVOUS?
see lime species lite dust or small ink snots be-
times In y«ur urine? and iael "wsak and
weary"-4ypecially i n the morning? If so
your sysTem is weak and become* daily
bnftv"- ««M?hiV e^ ertn « torn n«Y*ous d£
..UttS^PS" l^ l7 ■ wltl ? some complication
"HUDYAN" is a specific for vonr «.V.Jwmi««
and it will fully cufe you. Wrfte and exSaS
your case to the specialists of the cx P 1 » ln
\ Hudson Medical
Institute.
Stockton, Market and Ellis (streets, San
FrancUcu.
From there, and there only, can you get
HUDYAN!
CAN'T YOU SLEEP?
Your skin itches, you have pimples, copper-
colored spota, bad digestion, irritated thr£ar
you hawk and spit up mucous all the time
and you feel down and "blue." Your blood ii
impure, caused perhaps oy some old disease
showing its after effects, of which you hay I
not been perfectly cured. Don't go on wearing
out the system by neglecting these things, for
they mean continual misery for you if ne-
«* « C nT?T& n 1- » On . tWng will cure you. That
is ''HUDYAN. ■• It is prescribed by and can be
Had only from the physicians of the
Hudson Medical
Institute.
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets, lam
Francisco.
From them, and them only, can yon get
HUDYAN!
NIGHTLY LOSSES. " ;
These are the most weakening drains in th»
world. They affect the nerve centers, the
heart and the brain. If you are a sufferer you
must put a stop to it immediately, for these
emissions are tapping the very wellspring of
your existence. Don't trifle a moment longer.
"HUDYAN" will put you on your feet rapidly
and effectively. It is entirely vegetable and
periectiy h«rj»i»s.«, yet strong, swift and c«r-
tain in It* action. An 4 remember, too. that
s-ou can only get it by applying to the ssilli*
lectors of the grand old
Hudson Medical
Institute.
Stockton, Market and Bill* Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO.
From there and there only can yon get
HUDYAN.
Write and you will get free:
"Blood Book,"
"All About the Liver"
And
"A Knowledge of the Kidneys."
And you can also have for the asking circu-
lars and testimonials of . •
"THE GREAT"
FLOWER FESTIVALS,
FIESTftS,
ROSE CARNIVALS,
and the like, will be the delight of California
for the next two or three months.
Santa Barbara Flower festival, the fame
of which is world-wide, and the glory of which,
like that of Solomon, is not half told, opens
April 15. Queen Flora will reign 3 days ao
arbitrary and absolute despot.
Xa fiesta de I>os Angeles, now fixed in
the chronology of California feasts, and not
less illustrious than its older prototypes, com-
mences April 23, and the riot of fun will
spread over 4 days.
The Carnival of Roses, to take place in
San Jose May 6th to 9th, inclusive, though a
more recent candidate for favors of the fun-
loving world, yet because of the limitless possi-
bilities of the Garden City for anything that is
made of roses, is quite as full of promise.
REDUCED RATES
Will be made by the SOUTHERN PACIFIC
COMPANY for all these brilliant events. Ar-
range your programmes accordingly and call
on agents for particulars.
§J WW PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY— DISEASES OF MEX. INCLUD- '
lug all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases. Over 20 years' experience. Book sent rr>'<\
Patients cured at Home. Terms refwonable. Office
Hours, 9 to 3 dally: 6:30 to B:3o i»venlnp«. Sunday*.
JO to 12. Consultation free «nd sacredly confiden-
tial. Call, or address .
P. KOKfOi: McXUtTT. Sff.D..
26 >£ Keurny Street, Nan Fraaii.ro, C»l.LEAVES A TRAIL
OF DESTRUCTION.
Sandusky County in Ohio
Swept by a Terrible
Cyclone.
DEATH IN ITS WAKE.
One Farmhouse Twisted Into
Ruins and the Occupants
Fatally Mangled.
NARROW ESCAPE OF FREMONT.
Warning Received in the Form of a
Hurricane and a Great Deluge
of Rain.
FREMONT, Ohio, April 20.— The rural
part of Sandusky County was stricken by
a cyclone this afternoon which left death
and destruction in its wake. The city
narrowly escaped. The dead and injured
so far as known are: W. L. Greene, a
well-to-do farmer, body crushed out of
thape; James Greene, son, found dead
and mangled near the ruin of his resi
dence; Mrs. James Greene, his wife, injured
by flyiDg timber, may die.
The residents of this city first saw the
approcching cyclone about 3 o'clock.
"Warning had come in the form of a hurri
cane of wind and a deluge of rain. The
cyclone seemed to be on the point of con
tact with the city, when it swerved around
and passed northwest in a semicircle,
leveling all things in its path.
The path of the storm was about half a
mile in width, distant from the city three
miles. The tail end of the cyclone touched
here, but did little damage. Soon after
the passage of the main storm news of its
destructive force was received from the
surrounding country. A party of physi
cians and other citizens was quickly
formed to traverse the scene of desolation
and help the victims who were alive. Big
stretches of valuable timber land were laid
low like a held of corn, with only a solitary
tree at long distances. Farmhouses and
barns were demolished, livestock in large
numbers was killed and found in all con
ceivabJe places about the farms and in the
open country. W. L. Greene's residence
was crushed to splinters, and the house of
his dead son fared the same fate.
Much of the country in the path of the
storm was not occupied by farmhouses or
the loss of life would have been greater.
The storm kept on with slightly dimin
ished in force westward through the oil
fields, but the damage reported is not
great. The loss in Sandusky County will
amount to many thousands of dollars, and
no storm like it has ever visited this sec
tion. It is feared there has been destruc
tion and loss of life or injury that has not
been reported yet.
SENATOR MORGM
SEEKS JUSTICE,
Continued from First Page
central arteries of trade that span the
continent have withstood all manner of
interference and are still able to yield a
revenue that rebukes the false pretense
that they are about to become a burden on
the Government.
"I cannot now pause to lay the full
proof of this statement before the Senate.
Much of the evidence has been before you
for a long time, so long indeed, that it has
almost disappeared through the industry
of those who are interested in its suppres
eion, but enough is still in reach to enable
us, at a more Buitable time, to expose the
crimes of those who have sought to bury
the truth out of sight. When it is more
appropriate to uncover the foul and des
perate wrongs, those will be found who
will assume the task, without fear, fayor,
or affection, reward or the hope thereof.
"The dividends that have been paid to
stockholders would have paid all the debts
of each of these companies it they had
been placed in a sinking fund. The fla
grant dishonesty of this diversion of
money that snould have been applied to
the debts of these companies into the
pockets of stockholders is a monstrous
enormily which Collis P. Huntington,
when under oath, justified on the Bole
ground that such an honest policy would
have been a 'novelty.'
"While this was going on these railroad
companies were enjoying the advantages
of that strange act of Congress which post-
poned the right of the Government to col
lect from these companies tne interest it
was paying on the subsidy bonds until the
bonds themselves should fall due. Con
gress was probably moved by the grandeur
ol this enterpriss and an overestimate of
its cost to yield to the importunities of these
companies for the enactment of this pecu
liar law. With a lobby that cost more than
$2,000,000 at the Pacific end of the line that
is yet in active corruption vomiting frauds
and falsehood with shameless effrontery,
and with a Credit Mobilier at the other
end of the line that has stained the records
of Congress, nothing has been omitted
that couid be done to make the Govern
ment build these roads at its own cost and
then at the end of thirty years to abandon
its interest in them to the contrivers of
this plot, rather thau pay the principal of
the bonds doubled in amount by the still
stranger act which, for the first time in
our history, gave priority to a private debt
over the debt due the Government. We
have before us the startling result in a
lump sum of $164,818,523, for which we are
trying to provide with the feeble efforts of
divided counsels, if not Bevere antagonisms.
"I would as soon sell our entire fleet to
Great Britain as to abandon our govern
mental control over the Union and Cen
tral Pacific railroads. Europe can now
control every other transcontinental rail
road in America except this system, and
will control this when the United States
has withdrawn its authority over these
railroads.
"Neither the people nor Congress can
ever be safe from the intrigues that will
constantly aim to lessen these powers.
And without the aid of severe penai stat
utes the protection from them against the
abuse of the powers of corporations in
levying excessive or discriminating rates
of charges for transportation they will re
peat their past history of fraud and cir
cumvention unless Congress retains its
power over them.
••It cannot be too often repeated or too
firmly insisted that Congress must never
relax its authority over these railroads.
With these roads operated as separate and
competing lines, and with the Southern
Pacific ana Central Pacific in the owner
ship of the same man or same body of
controlling men, the fate of the people of
the Pacific slope would be settled forever
as mere feudatories of railroad kings by
that lust for money and power (hat has no
interest in its victims except to keep them
bound in a servitude that will yield to
them the greatest possible revenue. His
tory has already so thoroughly established
these facts in the terrible experience of the
people of the Pacific Slates that it would
insult their intelligence to deny them or to
attempt to evade their force.
"The Central Pacific and Southern Pa
ific railroads should be competing lines
and the union of interests between them
should be foroidden by law. They are
virtually parallel roads, yet they belong to
the same persons, are unlawfully under
the control of the same man and the Cen-
tral Pacific is, in fact, leased to the South
ern Pacific. Five men who owned stock
in the Central Pacific and a few who
owned that of the Union Pacific built
them under contracts made with them
selves through a 'contract and finance
company' and 'credit mobilier company,'
which they also owned, and they have
blazed up before the country in a glitter of
wealth that eclipses tne wealth of the
greatest monarchs of the earth.
"They swarm the corridors of the Capi
tol with agents and lobbyists and com-
MISS ALICE II .11 GIL QUEEN OF THE HEALDSBLRG CARNIVAL.
[From a photograph.]
plain of tbe ingratitude of the Republic,
while extolling themselves as having be
come burdened with the riches of the fruit
of their genius. Refusing to account for
trust funds, they have received and car
ried into their closets fortunes which would
more than pay the companies out of the
debt and still leave them rich, they de
mand that Congress shall wait a century
for the payment of what they have left to
us as a legacy of crime, and shall surren
der to them under a new contract and new
conditions of this national highway for
half its value.
"These two companies have made direct
assaults upon Congress, frequently at
tended with criminal overtures and in
ducements that have made them stench in
the nostrils of all honest men. My apoJogy
for these protracted views is that the sub
ject is of the highest importance, that it
involves the rights of the Government and
welfare of millions of people, and the plan
I propose represents, as I conceive, the
only effectual means of saving interests
that will otherwise be sacrificed, of many
helpless people, that it will defeat the
machinations of powerful men to compel
Congress to yield to and to confirm a series
of frauds that have seldc had a parallel
in human history, and it will defeat a
monopoly in an insolent and destructive
crusade against the general welfare of the
people."
ALBERTY'S DEED JUSTIFIED.
Had a Right to Kill Duncan for Attempting
to Forcibly Enter His Wife's
Room.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.— Some
amusement was created in the Supreme
Court of the United States to-day by the
announcement of the opinion of the court
in the case of the appeal of Ed Alberty,
alias Charles Burnes, an Indian of negro
blood, from the judgment of the United
States Court for the western district of
Arkansas, condemning him to death for
killing Phil Duncan, a negro in the Chero
kee nation, May 15, 1879.
The doctrine of retreat as laid down by
Judge Parker in his instructions to the
jury was challenged by Alberty's attorney.
It appears that Duncan had been paying
such attentions to Alberty's wife as to
cause a separation. On the night of the
day in question Alberty saw a man climb
ing into the window of his wife's bedroom,
and upon accosting the intruder, Duncan,
whom he recognized by his voice, threat
ened to kill, and pursuant to the threat
"made for him." Alberty shot and killed
him. Judge Parker told the jury that Al
berty was in law and duty bound to re
treat as far as he could or disable his ad
versary without killing him.
"This," said Justice Brown, "was an
error. We think ti.at under the circum
stances, seeing a man endeavoring to force
entrance into his wife's bedroom, the hus
band was justified in pursuing his investi
gation and to prevent, by force if neces
sary, the accomplishment of the intruder's
purpose. And if in the course of that in
vestigation he is threatened with great
bodily harm or put in fear of his life, he is
not obliged to retreat, but is justified in
resisting attack by any weapon within his
power.
The judgment was reversed, with in
structions to grant a new trial.
Mutt Pay in JVevada.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.-The
Central Pacific Railroad Company, said
the Supreme Court of the United States
in an opinion delivered by Justice Brown,
must pay taxes on the lands of its grant
within the State of Nevada which have
been surveyed but not patented, the costs
for the survey not being paid. The taxa
tion of such land, the opinion said, was
specifically authorized by act of Congress
of July 10," 1886. Justice FieM dissented.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, APRIL 21. 1896.
HEALDSBURG'S
QUEEN CHOSEN
Miss Alice Haigh Elected
Ruler of the Flower
Festival.
FRIENDS ARE JUBILANT.
Anvils Boom and Bells Are
Rung in Celebration of the
Victory.
SHE IS A NATIVE DAUGHTER.
Over Five Thousand Votes Cast for
the Winner On the Clos
ing Day.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., April 20.— 1f an
outsider were to have stepped into Healds-
MISS OZA WALDROP OF HEALDSBURG.
[From a photograph.]
burg to-night he would have imagined a
Fourth of July celebration was on. An
vils were booming, bells ringing and whis
tles tooting, and the admirers of Miss
Alice Haigh were cheering themselves
hoarse. All this demonstration was due
to the fact that the contest between the
rival candidates for queen of Healdsburg's
floral festival was at an end, and Miss
Haigh was the charming young lady se
lected to wear the floral crown.
The closing hours of the contest were
most exciting. Miss Oza Waldrop with
drew early in the day, and although only
the friends of Miss Edna Biddle knew
that no contest was being made for her
she, too, was out of the race. Had Miss
Biddle permitted her friends to vote the
result might have been different, for she
is a great favorite here. All day long
many stood around the voting place, and
every now and then a fat envelope would
be deposited in the box. Near the time
when the contest was to close hundreds
crowded around the box and great excite
ment prevailed. When the result was an
nouncea the cheering began and the noise
was continued long into the night.
Miss Alice Haigh to-day received 5305
votes, while Miss Petray received 1203.
For the entire contest 10,905 votes were
cast. Miss Petray is at Sonoma, attending
the teachers' institute, and had school
been in session to-day it is more than
likely the vote for the pretty teacher
would have been heavier.
Miss Alice Haigh is a brunette of com
manding appearance. She is a native
daughter, having been born in Healds
burg. The young lady will make an ideal
ruler.
Redtvood City's Heauty Contest.
REDWOOD, Cal., April 20.— Miss Lil
lian Newman of Woodside leads to-night
in the contest for carnival queen by a plu
rality of 424 votes. Miss Henrietta Law
ler of Menlo Park is second and Miss
Annie Goggin of South San Francisco
third. A heavy vote is expected to-mor
row, and some surprises may be looked
for before the polls close finally at 5
o'clock. Miss Newman has been in the
contest but a few days, but is making a
splendid showing.
The Vote at Chieo.
CHICO, Cal., April 20.— The balloting
for May queen will close on'the evening
of April 23. The ballots were counted to
day, and the result was as follows: Miss
Clara Cussick 556, Miss Freida Junkans
545, Miss Bessie Collins 89, Miss Mabe[
Merry 62.
BXAKU RIVER MIX IX O.
Gold to Be Taken From Beneath the Water
by a Strange Process.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 20.— G. W.Wil
liams of Boise, Idaho, is in this city pur
chasing machinery for a steamboat to be
operated upon Snake Kiver, and in con
nection therewith an invention which he
claims will successfully extract flour gold
from the black sand over which the stream
flows. His discovery brings in « new
principle, and in the process he uses a
mineral the" name of which he will not
disclose.
The scheme involves the application of
superheated steam that crushes the sand,
which, after gome through machinery,
passes off as muddy water. No stamp
mill or grinding process is used. Instead
two steam jets of many thousand pounds
power per second are made to play against
one another, and into this vortex of power
and heat the sand passes. By this process
the search for gold is not prosecuted along
the banks of streams and in beds of dry
canyons and gulches, but on the contrary
the sand is taken from Deneath the water,
and often at an unusual depth.
JjOS J.XGJELES BEXCH. SHOW.
Aristocratic Canines to Be Exhibited to
an Admiring Public.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 20.— The
eiehtn annual bench show of the Southern
California Kennel Club begins to-morrow
and will remain open four days. There
are 225 entries, and 212 dogs will be
benched, including some of the most
valuable animals in the State.
Twenty-seven St. Bernards are entered,
among them being John G. Barker's Cali
fornia Bernards and Thomas H. Brown
ing's Grand Master. Of Great Danes there
are seventeen, J- G. Borgloni's Titan, val
ued at $2500, being probably the finest
specimen.
Tne entries of pointers are numerous
and of Enclish setters good, H. G. Payne's
Countes3 Noble being probably the most
prominent in the latter class. The cocker
spaniel class is filled up better than ever
before. The judging, by J. Otis Fellows of
New York, will commence to-morrow
afternoon.
MISSING Fit OX VIS ALIA.
Witnesses in the Train- Robbers* Case
Have Gone to Other fields.
VISALIA, Cal. April 20. -Si Lovren's
and Charles Aruell's preliminary examin
ation for attempting to rob Southern Pa
cific passengers on train 19, near Tagus, on
March 18, has been continued for the
fourtn time. They will not be arraigned
until April 29. Jim Edwards, a witness
for the prosecution who had been duly
subpenaed, was not present, and an at
tachment was ordered issued for him. Ed
wards went to Los Angeles last week. He
was the bartender in Lovren's saloon at
the time of the attempted robbery. E. J.
Purcell is also wanted by the prosecution.
Purcell is the witness who heard Ardell
say, "We will blow open the car door with
dynamite if it cannot be opened in any
other way."
San I. via Obiipo'a J.oaa.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., April 20.—
Patrick Duff died this morning, aged 70
years. He came to California at the age
of 21.
MISS NELLIE PETRAY OF IIEALDSBURG.
[l-'rujii a photoaraphxl
LOS ANGELES
A REGAL CITY
Mayor Rader Gives Way
to the Fiesta Queen
To-Day.
FAIR MILDRED'S LEGION
Masked Pirates of the Festal
Main Will Gain for Her ■
•• -■ a Stronghold.
A CAGE FOR THEIR CAPTIVES.
\ ~~ ~~
The Rich and the Beautiful to Be
■'" Thrown Into Dungeons and Held
for Ransom.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 20.— From
Santa Barbara to Los Angeles is a stretch
of 130 miles. From the festival of flowers
in ttie quaint old seaside town to the fiesta
of the angels in this Southern California
metropolis is the span of a hundred years.
Santa Barbara retains the characteris
tics of the first Spanish settlement. It is
seduced, dreamy, poetic, quiet. Its festi
val was quiet, vision-like and without the
harsh features that are common in the
displays intended to represent and foster
commerce and trade.
The people of Santa Barbara decorated
their streets and their homes as the Span
iards of the earlier days might have deco
rated their shrines.
Los Angeles has all the rush and the en
thusiasm, the reckless and reckon less bril
liancy that characterize the rapidly pro
gressing American cities. It is a modern,
up-to-date railroad center, the metropoli
tan embodiment of the enterprise and
success of the glorious southern portion of
rich and marvelous California. It is not
secluded; it is not dreamy nor poetic; it is
not quiet.
To-night there is not a quiet man witbin
the recently extended city limits. The
city's fiesta is not vision-like. There is as
much trade and business about it, propor
tionately, as in an international exposition
at Chicago.
The festival at Santa Barbara was a
memory of the past— full of romantic in
spiration and beauty. This fiesta goes
even ahead of the present and is a glorious
prediction of the future. The word car
nival was too harsh for the gentle Bar
barenos. .Fiesta was not modest and sim
ple enough, and so the fete was the festi
val of flowers.
Here the sentiment is different. The
modesty in the choice of words gives way
to the sense of business. Not merely a
festival of flowers will the southern
metropolis have, but far and wide over the
broad, admiring earth is advertised the
Fiesta of the Angels.
The effort of the Angeleno is not to
hide his place of business behind a wealth
of palms and flowers, but to aid in giving
an artistic effect to the city streets. The
flowers are made in garlands, the deco
rators put up whole acres of gorgeous
colors, but the commercial names and an
nouncements are seen through all.
All the streets of the city are in the car
nival colors — red, yellow and green. Every
structure has bloomed into gorgeousness,
as if by a law like that which compels the
trees to send out their spring-time verdure.
Visitors might have been counted to-day
in arriving thousands. Trainloads of peo
ple came from the scene of the Santa Bar.
bara festivities, and in the coming they
looked upon the Camulos rancho of Ra
mona. Excursion parties of tourists came
from the arbutus land of the East to what
would have been their June month at
home, so far as the weather conditions
were concerned.
Galifornians came, too, and a large pro
portion of the names on the hotel regis
ters are of San Francisco residents. A
bustling, busily moving throng marks
every block of the city center, but yet
there is no appearance of any thought
more serious than that of the idler on a
happy holiday in summer. The fiesta
programme has not been reached, but all
the city is in fiesta mood, and there will be
no cessation of the merriment until fiesta
week is ended.
At 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon the
fiesta will be officially inaugurated. The
opening will be of a lively, stirring nature,
very different from a quiet production of
Shakespeare comedy under the old live
oaks at Santa Barbara, Two thousand
masked men will assail the city, surging
in from Hazard's Pavilion to capture and
carry away whatever natives may com
mand ransoms. The police will be power
less and the marines who survived last
week's battle of the roses have not arrived
from Admiral Beardslee's flagship, the
Philadelphia.
A huge caee will be hauled along, and
in that the prisoners will make up a
strongly assorted collection. It is said
that one corpulent and equally volient
member of the police force is determined
to face and resist the pirate horde, and, of
course, he will ride in the cage when his
fight is ended. Modern pirates need a
typewriter to take care of their diplomatic
correspondence concerning ransoms, and
a fair young maiden of the keyboard letters
will be among the captives.
The intention is to make the invasion
realistic as may be, and apparently serious
resistance will be offered by the hurriedly
organized squads of citizens. Not all the
maskers will be in the guise of pirates, and
the costumes will include some of the most
elaborate of the old-time English court.
In the maskers' party, led by Ron
covieri's band, will be several local organ
izations and a body of 200 or more com
mercial travelers who are in the city. The
great fear on the part of the citizens is that
the commercial men will take everything
in sight.
A Chinese band has been organized for
the parade, and on this or some succeeding
occasion a Chinese dragon will be dis
played. The dragon is 800 feet long, and
its power of locomotion will be supplied
by 150 Chinaman concealed within the de
vice.
The fiesta queen will arrive at Hazard's
Pavilion to-morrow evening. After the
opening selections by Roncovieri's band,
R. L. Del Valle will greet her majesty in
loyal speech.
The Mayor of Los Angeles will present
a silver key ot the city, which will be ac
cepted by the Prime Minister, T. E. Gib
bons. After the ceremonies Roncovieri'a
band will give its first illustrated concert
of operatic and patriotic music. The
different numbers will be illustrated upon
a large canvas by the aid of electric
apparatus.
The fiesta parade of Wednesday after
noon will display the military bodieß, fire
departments and fraternal organizations
of this section.
The Spanish caballeros, or horsemen,
will be as picturesque as at Santa Barbara,
and more numerous. There will be a large
tribe of Arizona Indians and a Chinese
section.
The concert at the pavilion on Wednes
day will be by an opera of fifty musicians,
with a chorus of 300 voices. Harley
Hamilton is the director and the soloists
are Andrew Bogart, Mrs. Maude Berry
Fisher and Mrs. Charles Dickrnan.
There will be athletic games on Thurs
day.
The "Land of the Sun" parade on
Thursday evening promises to combine the
dazzling nature of the Admission day elec
tric display at Sacramento with the beauty
of Santa Barbara's floral pageant.
The Friday celebration will be patriotic.
Fourteen thousand school children, after
saluting the Fiesta Queen, will march to
Sixth-street Park, sing National airs and
hoist the flag. There will be a display of
fireworks in the evening. The other events
on the programme are the ball on Friday
evening and the floral parade and battle of
roses on Saturday.
STANFORD VS. BERKELEY.
Palo Alto Expects to Triumph
in the Intercollegiate
Contest.
Athletes Who Will Wear the Cardinal,
and the Records They Have
Made.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
20. — On Wednesday next the Stanford
nine will cross bats for the first intercol
legiate game of the season with Berkeley.
The teams will be closely matched, and
unfortunately for Stanford several of her
players are in poor condition. It is hoped
that all will be ready for hard ball-playing
when they go against Berkeley, for the
latter showed up very strongly in the
recent same with Santa Clara. Captain
McLain believes his team will prove vic
torious in the series of games, but hardly
counts on winning all three contests.
As the day for the intercollegiate field
meet draws nearer Stanford is casting
about for means of estimating her strength
as compared with that of Berkeley. Here
tofore U. C. has proven victorious by a
considerable margin in points, but each
year this margin has been made smaller.
This season Berkeley claims to have the
strongest aggregation of athletes she
ever sent out, and yet the Stanford men
feel that the contest will result in bring
ing the two teams to very near even terms.
Stanford has not as many athletes as has
Berkeley for each event, but all she has
are good and will give their contestants a
hard struggle. It will be one of the most
interesting field meets ever held on this
coast and Berkeley will have to fight hard
for every point.
In the 100-yard dash Stanford will prob
ably enter three men — Bernhard '96, Brun
ton '99, and Holbrook '97. The first two
can run inside of 10 2-5 seconds if in good
form and the latter will get within a fifth
of a second of that mark. In the 220-yard
dash Bernhard wiil make Berkeley's first
man hustle. In the 440-yard dash Brun
ton will disappoint his admirers if he fails
to go inside of 54 seconds; while Colliver
'96, and others will be able to make good
tries for the other places. The half mile
will be a weak event from Stanford. She
no longer possesses Copeland, who made
it in 1:59 flat.
Berkeley will probably get first in the
hurdles, but Stanford has reason to ex
pect points in other places if Reynolds '96,
Dole '98, and Pope '97 work up to their
averages. Reynolds has made the 220
--yard hurdle in 27 2-5 and the 120 yards in
16 3-5. He is running better now than
ever before. Dole is improving wonder
fully in the hurdles and in the recent
trials has pushed Reynolds hard for first
place.
At the pole vault Dole will easily get
first and will probably raise the coast
record about three inches. Brunton should
make a good third.
The broad jump is doubtful, though
Brunton and Toombs, '96, both cover over
twenty feet of space in their trials. Stan
ford concedes first place in the high jump,
but will contest the other places.
Dave Brown should win the mile
handily for the cardinal, and Smith, who
will probably run with him, has a show
for second unless Brown's brother enters
for Berkeley.
If Edgren enters Berkeley will eet first
in the hammer throw, but Stanford, wih
Wilbur '99, Fickert '98 and Hazzard '96,
all throwing over 125 feet, should get the
other places.
Barring accident the shot-put is a Stan
ford event. Wilbur shjould toss the sphere
about 40 feet 9 inches if in form.
A Death at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Cal., April 20.-Mrs. H.
Goodin, wbose clothing was ignited while
attempting to light a tire with a stick of
wood saturated with gasoline two weeks
a£u. died yesterday.
YOLO GRAPES DESTROYED
Vines Covering Thousands of
Acres Blighted by Heavy
Frosts.
Serious Injury Escaped in but a Few
Localities— Walnut Creek's
Loss.
WOODLAND, Cal., April 20.— The
grape crop of Yolo County is a total loss.
Of the thousands of acres of vines not one
green leaf could be found after last night'a
frost. Such is the condition of the im
mense vineyard of H. C. Howard, presi
dent of the Woodland Fruit Exchange.
The vines in the foothills, in favored
spots, escaped serious injury. Mr. How
ard believes that the damage to vines
alone in this count}' will reach $100,000.
Riverside Crops Injured.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., April 20.— Quite a
heavy frost visited sections of this county
last night, and damage was done to apri
cots, almonds, peaches and other fruits. No
damage was done to citrus blossoms, and
it is hard to determine the amount of in
jury to the deciduous crop. Good judges
say that the percentage is light, and that
the real loss will be small in the aggregate.
The weather has been unusually cold for
this season.
Damage at Walnut Creek.
WALNUT CREEK, Cal., April 20.— The
severe frost of last night turned every
grapevine black and ruined the cherry
crop. Potatoes have suffered everywhere.
The weather was so coid that in some
parts of this valley pumps and water pipes
were frozen. The grain crop has not looked
better in many years. 'I he total rainfall
of the season is twenty inches.
tihaJjla. water WAR.
Ditch Compnntea Quarrel Over the Ka-
u-ftili Jtiver Supply.
VISALIA, Cal., April 20.— About two
weeks ago the Farmers' Ditch Company
secured an injunction against the Kaweah
and Mill Creek Water Company restrain
ing it from putting in a dam where Deep
Creek takes its water from the Kaweah.
An argument was made before Judge
Cross on Tuesday in which it was sought
to have . the injunction set aside. The
court still has the matter under advise
ment.
A number of people who are interested
in taking water oui of Mill Creek in the
neighborhood of Visalia and around Gosh
en went to the point at which the water is
diverted by Deep Creek on Saturday night
and put in a dam seventy-five feet long,
ten feet wide and three or four feet high.
As a result there is plenty of water in Mill
Creek fo-day. The Farmers' Ditch Com
pany were to-day enjoined from cutting
out the dam in the Kaweah River, at the
head of Deep Creek, or from diverting any
water from the river. The injunction was
secured in court by the Evans Ditch Com
pany, the Watson Ditch Company and
several riparian owners of Lower Mill
Creek. The matter will probably occupy
the attention of the courts for some time.
A LIFE-SAVER!
CARL BEAUMAN, Stockton, Cal.
"The Smith a mighty man is he." Carl
Beauman is a Smith — a blacksmith, now
strong, vigorous and rugged. It was only
a short time ago when he was a sick man,
a tired, weary, day laborer. He could
digest no food, had pains in his liver and
pains over the kidneys. He suffered from
exhaustion, exposure, cold and overwork.
In his own words:
The Edwin W. Joy Company:
Gentlemen— l may not be able to tell you In
fine language the. great gratitude I feel, but I
can tell it just me same. | A short time ago I
was on tne flat of my back with pains all over
my body and pains in my stomach. I used
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla for two weeks and
my bowels became regular, and. I could feel
that I was getting on. I continued to use Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla until I was well enough,
to work, and now lam strong again. Say, God
bless Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It is a great
remedy. Signed,
CARL BEAUMAN, Stockton, Cal.
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla is the great
California remedy, of which so much has
already been said. - More than 10,000 testi-
monials are in the office of Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. It is good . for the blood,
liver and kidneys. It is a fine remedy for
people suffering from constipation. It
will cure the worst case of chronic consti-
pation. Ask your ; druggist or dealer for
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. . '
FAILING MANHOOD
General and Nervous Debility.
yfs_£. Weakness of - Body and t
ilG£R\_ Mind, Effects of Errors
V^.Km^ or Excesses in Old ■or
>Tu^-g»ff Young. Robust, Noble .
§F%cJ& V Manhood fully Restored.
m& jf PV How to Enlarge and
lc je> \r Strengthen Weak, Un-
K** >:^**v'J-a developed Portions of
/wal;lrki«'t ;s 4SXV Body. Absolutely un- .
r\S&i> HVSI failing Home Treatment.
' /f^lfffTAllUlla —Benefits in a day.
Men -testify from 50 States and Foreign
Countries. . . Send for Descriptive Book, ex- .
planation and proofs, mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
TO MILK DEALERS.
MILK FOR SALE IN QUANTITIES OF 60 TO
iVI 160 gallons daily. Apply at
I '307 Battery Street, S.F., Cal.
COSMOPOHjITAN .
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and ■ 102 Fifth at., San
>rancisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel in
the city. Board anl room, $1, $1 25 and $1 50 par
day, according to room. Meals 'Joe , Itcoma, octa
and 7jo a day. Free coach to and from the hotel,
look for the coach bearing the name of the Co*
mopolitaa Hotel. Wit. I'AUEV, Proprietor
CADET UNIFORMS.;
/"ILOTHIERS DESIRING :TO SUBMIT . PRO-
\J posal* for making uniforms will receive cir-
cular and form of proposal by addressing the un-
dersigned. - J. H. C. BONTE, Secretary University
of California. .
Berkeley, April 18, 1896. '
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DABIIANA BXTTKKS, THH
great Mexican Remedy: give* Health «a 4
, IBUeofitU to th» Bexual organ*
34
BANQUETED AT
THE CORONADD.
Hotelmen and Their Ladies
Partake of Southern
Hospitality.
GOVERNOR BUDD SPEAKS
Easterners Enlightened as to the
Resources of the Golden
Commonwealth.
IN LOVE WITH BAN DIEGO.
The Association Visits the Old Town
and Is Treated to a Span
ish Dinner.
CORONADO, Cal., April 20.— The East
ern hotel men and their fair companions
have fallen in love with San Diego. They
went over to that city at an early hour
this morning, visited the Chamber of
Commerce and inspected the exhibits
therein, and were given a drive through
the business portion of the city, about its
paries and out upon the heights overlook
ing Mission Valley. From there they
were driven to the Hotel Florence, where
they were the guests of the newly elected
president of the Hotel Men's Mutual
Benefit Association, George W. Lynch,
who treated them to something with
which the majority were unfamiliar— a
Spanish dinner. There were hot chicken
tamales, rich dishes of frijoles, plates of
tortillas, chili con came, chili sauce and
other Spanish delicacies. Music for the
gathering at the Florence was furnished
by the San Diego band, while in the din
ing-room a Spanish mandolin, guitar and
zither orchestra rendered sweet strains
under the direction of Professor Max Hes
ter. The decorations in the dining-room
were especially attractive, and the novel
dinner and its environs were much en
joyed by the guests of the hour.
Governor James H. Budd, accompanied
by his wife and mother and Miss M. J.
Todman, his private secretary, arrived
from the north in season to partake of the
lunch and subsequently went to the Hotel
del Coronado, where they have been the
guests of the Southern California Hotel
Association at the Hotelmen's Mutual
Benefit Association banquet. The mem
bers who went to San Diego also returned
at an early hour, so as to prepare for the
evening's festivities.
Seats were taken at the banquet board
at 8 o'clock this evening, with plates laid
for 425 persons. The great dining-room of
the Hotel del Coronado was ablaze with
electric lights, and the decorations were
very beautiful. Around the sides of the
handsome room were branches of fan
palm, orange and olive trees, intertwined
with smilax, roses, carnations and other
blossoms. Across the room, hung on wires,
were the letters "H. M. M. B. A.," out
lined in flowers and smilax, while
the seal of the association, similarly out
lined, hung above the seats of honor. The
long-table feature of the average banquet
was absent to-night, the guests being
seated at tables accommodating six per
sons each, while upon a raised dais on one
side of the room were the toastmaster, the
president of the association, the Governor
of California, the Mayors of Los Angeles
and San Diego and the presidents of the
several State hotel associations. The table
at which they eat was festooned with
f-milax and roses, and presented a beauti
ful appearance as seen from the floor be
low.
H. W. Chase of thn Hotel Nadeau, Los
Angeles, vrho is a member of the Southern
California Hotel Association, presided as
toastmaster. His first call was upon Gov
ernor James H. Budd to respond to the
toast, "California." As the Governor
arose he was greeted with cheers. He de
livered an address replete with informa
tion about the great State over whose
destinies he is now presiding.
The next toast was "The Hotelmen's
Mutual Benefit Association, " which was
responded to by the retiring president,
Benjamin H. Yard of New Jeresy. He
expressed the appreciation and gratitude
of the organization for the pleasures which
they were enjoying; called for a vote of
thanks for the same, which was given with
vim and energy ; referred pleasantly to the
election of George W. Lynch as president,
"which reference brought out a hearty burst
of cheers, and reviewed the object and suc
cess of the organization.
Following this the toastmaster called
upon many prominent men in the organ
ization. Among those who responded
were: E. M. Tierney, president of the
New YorK State Association ; General R.
H. Warfield of the California Hotel, San
Francisco; W. H. La Pointe, president of
the Massachusetts Association; W. H.
Carlson, Mayor of San Diego; A. L. Ash
man of the St. Clair, New York City;
Horace H. Brockway, vice-president of the
New York City Hotel Association;
Charles Webb of the Hotel Hamilton,
Hagerstown, Md.; T. A. Parker of the
Metropolitan, St. Paul; G. Wharton
James, Pasadena; O. T. Peiren of the
Eagle Hotel, Concord, N. H. ; Simeon
Ford of the Grand Union Hotel, New
York City, whose humorous sallies brought
forth storms of applause and laughter;
James H. Bowker, president of the Con
necticut association; John Healey, vice
president for New Mexico; George H.
Bowker, president of the Massachusetts
Association; Jewett Wilcox, one of the
earliest members of the association ; H. J.
Bonn of tke Hotel World, Chicago;
George W. Lynch, president-elect of San
Diego, and many others.
J. C. Kirkpatrick of the Palace Hotel,
San Francisco, presented a welcoming ad
dress on behalf of the California Hotel
Association, whose guests the hotel men
will De when they cross the Tehachapi
range. Don H. Porter of Templeton, Salt
Lake City, invited them to visit the cap
ital of Utah en route home. It was aften
midnight before the happy gathering
broke up.
Much credit is due to the management
of the Hotel del Coronado and Its em
ployes for the success of the banquet to
night. Manager E. 8. Babcock gave his
employes all they wanted to make the
event a pertect one.
A Spokane Jnrbriale'B Leap.
SPOKANE, Wash., April 20.— Jacob
Hanauer, a scapegoat son of a wealthy
Kew York family, jumped from a seoond-
Btory window of a hospital this mormng
while suffering from delirium tremens,
sustaining injuries from which he died a
few hours later.
SPOKANE'S COURTHOUSE RAIDED.
Consternation Caused by a Maniac Who
Believed He Was Commissioned to
Kill Public Officials.
SPOKANE, Wash., April 20.— A crazy
man caused consternation in the court
house to-day and ran all the officials out of
the building or into the vaults before he
was captured. He was imbued with a be
lief that he had been commissioned to kill
every man who held offica and started in
to perform the duty in lirst-ciass shape.
As he came into the corridor he drew a
revolver ana commanded all in the pas
sageways to get out of the way as he was
going to commence firing at tne officials.
He then went into the Commissioner's
office, broke three or four plate glass win
dows in front of the counter and made the
inmates of the office take refuge in a vault.
The Auditor's office was visited next and
those within it fled. All the Deputy Sher
iffs were on the second floor of the court
house, but a couple of janitors, armed
with nothing but brawny fistß, descended
upon the maniac and finally succeeded in
taking the revolver away from him and
landing him in jail. The fellow was una
ble to give his name or address.
8 AST A BUSA'fi BOY THIEVES.
Two youths Sentenced to Long Terms in
Triton.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April 20.— Judge
Dougherty to-day sentenced John Bryan
20 years of age, to twenty years in San
Quentin and his brother, Joseph Bryan,
aged 18, to a like time in Fols&m. The
boys broke into Hale Bros.' store in Peta
luma and stole a quantity of goods, first
rifling a blacksmith shop of its tools.
When arrested they strenuously denied
their guilt, and employed Ross Campbell
to defend them. Upon looking into the
merits of the case the attorney did not
feel encouraged and advised the boys to
plead guilty, and by saving the county
much expense and trouble get a light
sentence.
This is not John Bryan's first visit to the
Sonoma County Jail and courtroom, he
having spent several months in the former
place about two years ago, charged with
his mother, Mrs. Bryan, and his aunt,
Mrs. Fowler, with the murder of blind
Nancy Meagher.
BETRAYED BY TOWNSEND.
Raid on the Sacramento Street
Railway Carshops Described
in Court.
Callandine and Baker Accused by
Their Accomplice— Harry Knox
Implicated.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 20.— The
hundreds of people who gathered in Judge
Davis' courtroom to-day as spectators at
the examination of L. L. Callandine, H.
W. Barker and Fred W. Townsend on the
charge of having robbed tbe safe in the
office of tbe Electric Streetcar Company
on Christmas night were amply repaid,
for a full confession of the crime was made
by Fred W. Townsend when that worthy
was called to the stand by City Attorney
Brown and told to state what he knew of
the robbery.
Townsend began his story in a low,
broken tone, which gradually gathered
strength as he proceeded, until at last there
came a rapid flow of words that seemed
to prove that the prisoner had forgotten
tne crowded courtroom with its sea of up
turned faces — had forgotten that every
word he uttered tended not only to land
his companions within the walls of a State
prison, but would likewise serve to con
vict himself.
He described the robbery as though, in
fancy, he was again participating in the
raid; every trivial incident in the com
mission of the crime was recalled in a
manner that carried the conviction of the
listeners that he was telling the truth.
Townsend told of his discharge from the
street railway company's employ; of how
Callandine had come to him and tempted
him to help rob the company; how, for a
reason, he had resisted the tempter, but
eventually succumbed.
He described the meeting with his ac
complices and vividly detailed each in
cident that occurred until they covered
the watchman in charge with their
weapons, nor did he hesitate to relate how
his limbs trembled with fear as he stood
on guard with a Winchester rifle while his
comrades robbed the safe.
The stealthy, roundabout return through
the city to their apartments and the di
vision of the money was recounted sc
dramatically that in fancy his hearers
could almost see the three men crouched
on the floor, in the dim light of the lantern,
quarreling over their loot. Then Town
send told of the secretion of his share of
the proceeds in an adjoining barn.
Afterward his comrades borrowed cer
tain sums and neglected to repay them,
and his ire had been aroused. He had told
Callandine that, although the latter posed
as a bad man because he had killed "Jack"
Harris, the son of Len Harris, the old de
tective, he feared him not. Later the
breach between them was healed.
The attorneys for Townsend's two com
panions attacked him a rigid cross-exam
ination, which failed to shake his story in
the slightest, but only brought out infer
ences that even stronger proof of their
clients' guilt was yet to be produced.
Townsend had stated that when he first
refused to take part in the robbery Cal
landine told him that he had two other
men to help nim, and later on came to
Him and said the men hnd backed out.
"Did he state who the men were?" asked
the attorney for the defense.
"He did."
"What were their names?"
"Well, one was Melvin Hatch."
"And who was the other?"
"I refuse to answer."
Judge Davis instructed Townsend to
answer the question, and with evident
reluctance he said :
"It was Harry Knox; I wanted to keep
his name out." and then he continued:
"Callandine said that although the men
had backed out, they would not betray the
perpetrators, no matter how large a re
ward was offered."
The mention of Harry Knox hat created
a great sensation in this city. Knox bas
hosts of friends, and they are all united in
declaring that if Callandine made any
such statement he willfully prevaricated.
On the other hand, Knox's enemies, who
are mainly friends of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, are jubilant, and are
loud in his denunciation.
The cross-examination was continued
until 5 o'clock, when the case went over
until to-morrow. The hearing created
groat excitement in the city and hundreds
were unable to gain access to the court
room.
Treasury Gold Itrsrrrc.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., April 20.— The
treasury sold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $125,952,568. The
withdrawals for the day were $530,600. of
which |40U,000 waa taken for export.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APKIL 21, 1896.
GUILTY OF THE
ARNO MURDERS
Simon Raten Confesses to
the Killing of Two
Japanese.
INSANE, BUT CUNNING.
Admits the Crime After the Jury
Decided He Was Not
Responsible.
AT WAR WITH ALL MANKIND
Intends to Slay and Rob Until He Re
covers Money Taken From
Him in the Past.
BACRAMENTO, Cal., April 30.-After a
week's deliberations and the hearing of ex
pert testimony the jury impaneled to pass
upon the sanity of Bimon Raten, the mur
derer of two Japanese near Arno station
last month, has decided that the
prisoner is insane; and yet that there
is method in Raten's madness is evidenced
by the fact that as soon as the prisoner
ascertained beyond a doubt that he would
not have to stand trial for his life he made
a full and free confession of his guilt.
Raten's innate cunning crops to the sur
face in this confession. When asked what
he thought of the verdict he replied:
"I no like him 'cause I not crazy. I
want to talk to that jury and tell him all
'bout, but my lawyers said I must not do
it, 'cause they hang me. I no care, for I
could tell that jury all about it, how my
money was taken away."
"What would you tell the jury?"
"Oh, I tell them all 'bout it."
When the direct question, "Did you kill
those Japs," was asked Raten answered :
'•Yes, I tell you. They say I crazy, but
Ino crazy. I kill the Japs down by the
railroad track. I shoot them both with
revolver and then I go away and leave
them. When Igo away I had long beard
here," and he stroked his chin whiskers,
"but I cut off part of it so they not know
me, but they knew me anyhow," and the
prisoner shook with laughter.
Katen said that when he left the two
Japs he walked to the Rutter ranch, where
he saw a Chinaman who worked for Rut
ter. He .gave the Mongol his pistol and
Winchester rifle. He says he killed the
Japanese because he wanted to recover
money which was taken irom him after he
had killed a man named Lansing, a crime
for which he served time.
"The Japanese did not take any money
from you, did they?" he was asked.
"Oh, no," was the reply, "they no take
my money, but some one take my money
when I kill Lansing, and they put me in
jail, and when they let me out, they no
give me back my money.
"I had to be a tramp, and had to beg to
eat, and I kill and kill till I get my money.
If they give me back my money, I no kill
any more, but I keep killing till they do.
They can put me in jail or asylum, I no
care. 1 '
"Would yon have told the jury that you
killed the Japanese if your lawyers had let
you talk to the jury?"
Raten replied that he would. The pris
oner exhibited a section of his jaw from
which several teeth were missing. Those
teeth, he said, were knocked out when he
killed Lansing. A man owed him money
and he wanted it, and the fellow and his
friends attacked him, and he shot in self
defense.
Then he was placed in jail and his
money taken away. He again declared he
would keep on murdering people until he
got the money.
The jury's verdict means that Simon
Raten will go to an insane asylum, there
to remain until cured, and when cured, the
law says, hejniust be brought back and
tried for murder.
Physicians say it is doubtful if he
can be cured. If, in years to come, the
prisoner should be pronounced cured and
sent back to stand trial for murder,
the counsel appointed to defend
him would prove to the jury
that a few weeks after the prisoner
committed the crime charged against him
a jury found him insane, and they will
argue with great force of reason that If
insane then he must have been insane
when the crime was committed and waj,
therefore, not responsible for his acts.
This being the case the opinion among
attorneys is that the verdict settles the
case of the people vs. Simon Raten.
Judge Hinkson has postponed the com
mitment of Raten until Wednesday morn
ing.
The reason for this is that the Judge is
in doubt as to whether he should discharge
the jury which was trying Raten for mur
der or continue it in force, so that if Raten
should be cured of insanity the jury could
take up the case just where it left off.
FRESNO RAISIN COMBINE
Appointment of a Committee
That Will Control the
Season's Output.
Will Fix Prices, Sell the Product
and Arbitrate Disputes Be-
Iween Grower and Packer.
FRESNO, Cal., April 20.— At a meeting
of the Hundred Thousand Club and the
Chamber of Commerce this afternoon four
members of the committee which is to
have control of the raisin combine were
selected. The Hundred Thousand Club
selected E. F. Bernhard, banker, and
George L. Warlow, lawyer and grower.
The Chamber of Commerce chose
Arthur R. Briggs, land agent and growar,
and Louis Gundeltinger, merchant. These
four will select a lifth member of the com
mittee, who will in all probability be from
Hanford, where there is a large acreage of
vineyards.
This committee, if the organization suc
ceeds, will have absolute control of the
raisin output. It will tix prices and trans
act business, the sale of raisins to be en
trusted to its charge. The committee will
also arbitrate the differences between
growers and packers.
The four members selected are well
established business men of the city and
county and it is believed they will enjoy
the confidence of growers, a very import
ant matter to insure the success of the or
ganization. None are in any way con
nected with the packing business.
People interested in the raisin industry
feel very much encouraged at the pros
pects for receiving fairly good prices this
season. Owing to recent fros ts the output
will be somewhat limited, and this further
insures a steadier marKet.
BURNED IN A SEASIDE FIRE.
Horrible Fate of N. Eberman, an Invalid
Pioneer of the North Pacific
Coast
ASTORIA, Ohe., April 20.— N. Eberman
was burned to death in his house at Sea
side early last evening under circum
stances that render the fatality heart
rending.
For the past five years he had been
paralyzed and unable to move, except to
wheel himself around the room in a chair.
Last night his wife and two daughters
went to church, leaving the old man alone
in the house.
About 8:30 o'clock neighbors saw flames
coming from the house. An alarm was
given, bringing all tne residents of the
town to the scene. When the house was
reached it was already gutted by fire, with
no possible chance of saving it or the old
man, who long before that must have been
burned to death.
The house and all its contents were
completely destroyed, leaving the charred
body of the old man in the ashes.
The cause of the fire can only be sur
mised, but it Is generally believed that it
was the result of a lamp explosion, as one
was left burning in the house when the
women started to church.
Eberman was horn in Tennessee seventy
three years ago and lived in this neighbor
hood since 1842, except for a few years
spent in California during the gold excite
ment. He was a scout in the Cayuse war,
a familiar character to all settlers in this
section.
IX BOJiOMA VIXEYABHS.
Hopes of Even a Fair Crop Have &'oto
Seen Abandoned.
BANTA ROSA, Cal., April 20.— The
ground was fairly whitened this morning
by that arch enemy of the fruit-growers,
Jack Frost, and hopes of even a fairly
good fruit crop are now abandoned.
Severe frosts have visited this section at
intervals during the entire season, but last
night'a visitation was the most disastrous
of all. The prune crop is badly damaged,
many growers declaring that a third of a
crop would be the best that could be hoped
for. Cherries and peaches will also suffer
greatly from last night's "cold snap," only
the uplands escaping.
The hardest blow to this part of the
country is the almost total destruction of
the valley vineyards and the quite serious
damage done to even the upland vines.
The foreign varieties appear to be the
most badly injured oi the wine grapes,
though Zihfandels will help out with a
good Becond crop. The iact tiiat vine
yards like Captain Gross' of this city and
the De Turk place in Los Guilicos, which
were pruned during the present month,
are almost untouched is a lesson tc> those
who by pruning and plowing during the
warm weather of February forced the
vines out to their destruction.
TERESA TIETJKyS' HEIR 3.
Rival Claimants for an Estate Worth
five Million Dollars.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 20.— A dis
patch in an evening paper states that
Henry Schroeder, living in New Bruns
wick, N. J., claims the $5,000,000 estate left
by Teresa Tietiens, the famous singer who
died in 1877. He says his mother was a
first cousin of the singer.
Nearer relatives of Teresa Tietjens re
side in Sacramento. Peter Tietjens, a
brother, died here in 1893, leaving two
sons and two daughters. One of the for
mer, Chauncey Tietjens, is now in a
Jamaica (N. V.) college studying surgery.
Marie Tietjens, one of the daughters, has
been singing in Europe for three years and
bids fair to become as famous aslier aunt.
Peter, Teresa's brother, was a pioneer in
this county and kept v wayside inn just
out of the city for many years. All of tue
family were noted for their vocal talent.
<Jone» Arraigned at Carson.^
CARSON, Nev., April 20.— The second
trial of John T. Jones, charged with the
embezzlement of bullion from the United
States mint, began in the United States
court this morning. A motion by Attor
ney Woodburn to quash the indictment
was overruled, as was one objecting to the
venire of talesmen. Nineteen were exam
ined and rejected. The Marshal was or
dered to have fifty more trial jurors in
court on Wednesday morning, when the
trial will proceed.
Shipping Overland From Panoche.
HOLLISTER, Cal., April 20.— The first
wool shipment overland since 1870 passed
through town to-day from Panoche en
route to San Francisco. Two six-horse
teams were hauling wagons loaded with
twelve tons of wool. The distance, 156
miles, will be made in five days. This is
much cheaper than by railroad.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
.Edward Q. and Emily S. Turner to Alexander
Irvine, lot on E line of Fillmore street, 112:6 N of
MeAl! later, N 25 by is 144: $100.
Henry H. Norwood to Charles H. Norwood, lot
on X line of Broclericlc street, 27:6 S of Sacra
mento, 8 25 by E 82:6: $10.
Michael and Elizabeth 8. Murphy to itllzabetfc
A. Hayes, lot on W line of (iolden Gate avenue,
71 :10Vfe E of I,yon street, E 25 by N 100: gift.
John F. and Alice Kennedy to San Franc'sco
Lumber Company, lot on \ line of Bush street, 50
WofLyon, \v 25 by N 75; also lot on S line of
Hill street, '235 X of Xoe, E 2ft by N 114: also lot
on W line of Clayton street, 125 N of Pajte, N 26
by W 106:8: also lot on H line of Elizabeth street,
100 VV of L'ouglass, W 25 by N 114, Heymnn
Tract; also lot on N line of Elizabeth street, 150 W
of Douglass, W 25 by N 114, Heyman Tract; $10.
James T. Campbell to Alexander Campbell, un
divided half or lot on W line of Valencia street, 93
S of Sixteenth, S 30 by W 88; $10.
Daniel E. Martin to John T. Doyle, lotcommenc-
Inn 80 feet from Lapldge street and 38 N of Nine
teenth, N 850, B\V 100, S 344: $5.
John T. Doyle to Annie Donahue, Mary E. yon
Schroeder and Horace W. Carpentier, same; $10.
John Lyons to James C. Lyons, lot on N Hue of
Nineteenth street, 35 W of Church, \V 25 by
James and Mary A. Harrower to Mary A. Cull,
lot on NW corner of Twenty-fourth and Hamp
shire streets, W 25 by N 104; $10.
Ferd Kels and Samuel Davis to Thomas J Ford,
lot on W line of Folaom street, 225 8 of Twenty
fourth, 8 25 by W 122:6: $10.
Emanuel and Mary E Kapintr to John F. and
Blanche M. Kossi, lot on W line of Leavenworth
street, 50 S of Lombard, 8 27:6 by W 91; $10.
Simon Relnsteln to Lydla S. Keinstein, lot on N
Hue of Kddy street, 80 \V of Leavenworth, \V 31:6
by 51 37 :6; gift.
A r AMI-DA COUNTY.
Mary C. Blake to Helen E. Wltcher, lot on S line
of Albion street, 227:7 E of Grove. E 44 by S 140,
Oakland: *10.
Samuel Anderson to Frederlka Anderson, lot on
E corner of Kast Nineteenth street and Twentieth
avenue, SK BO by XE 140. being lots 1 and 2,
block 49. San Antonio, East Oakland; gift.
M. C. Theilmann (by Tax collector) to Charles
Bahb, nine-tenths of an inch NE BO feet of lots 8
to 12, block 17, Clinton, East Oakland: $9.
Charles Babb to Relnhold Hesse, lot on NW line
of Tenth Avenue, 100 SK of East Tenth street, NE
60 by NW 12S, block 17, same, quitclaim deed,
East Oakland: 85.
E. Peterson to Charles A. Bailey, lots 21 and 22,
block 134, corrected map of Avery Tract, Berke
ley: «10.
J. H. Culver to Amy H. Graves, lots 19 and 20,
block 17, on East Fif teenth street. East Oakland;
Builders' Contracts.
Jacob Frowenfeld with W. L. Ho!man, elevator
work in Royal Jiou-e, on N line of Ellis street, be
tween Powell and Mason, f «8&0, Salfleld & Kohi
berft, architects.
Jacob Vrowenfeid with Gray Bros., excavation
and concrete work for a six-story bulldin? on W
lino of Carlos street, 87:6 -Sot O'Farrell, $2145,
Sal field <fe Koblbers, architects.
Jacob Frowenfeld with Miller *. BeCK, brick and
concrete work, same. 84736, Salfleld & Kohlberg,
architects.
Jacob Frowenfeld with Western Iron Works,
cast and wrought-iron work, same, SSOO: Sat field
<fc KohlDCrg, architects.
Jacob Frowenfeld with Alexander L. Campbell,
carpenter and millwork, same, $5430; Salrteld &
Kohlberg, architects.
Jacob Krowenfeld with Samuel Ickelheimer,
plumb!n?and gasfltting. same, »3c00; tfalheld &
Kohlbprg. architects.
Jacob Frowmfeld with W. C.Watson, lathing
and plastering, same, f 1290; Salfield & Kohlberg,
architects.
A. de Urloste with E. James Duffy, plumbing,
sewering and gasfit tins: in a two-story building on
Jackson street, 137:6 W of Goush, f 1372; Pissis <fe
Sioorc, arcUitecta.
TWO POLICEMEN
IN A SCANDAL
Accused of Taking a Bribe
From a Woman Named
Landridge.
INVESTIGATION BY LEES
The Evidence of a Messenger-
Boy, Newton L. Va
lencia.
WHERE DID THE $200 GO?
— _____
Special Officer Mclntyre and Patrol
man Rourke Involved in Charges
of Embracery.
Another scandal has cropped up. In it
figure prominently Policemen Thomas
Rourke and Special Officer John Mclntyre.
Saturday morning a warrant was sworn
out in Judge Joachimsen's court for the
arrest of one Hannah Sandwich, alias
Hannah Landridee, alias "Fat Annie,' 1 by
Felix Bush, a farmer from Vancouver, on
the charge of grand larceny. Bush
told Warrant Clerk Graham that he
had recently sold his farm for
$18,000 and came to San Fran
cisco a few days ago on his way to
South America.where he intended to make
his future home. Friday night he visited
some of the Gives on the Barbary Coast
and fell in with the woman who gave her
name as Hannah Sandwich, but whose
true name is Hannah Landridge.
They had several drinks together and
Bush went with the woman to 1314 Stock
ton street. When he left there hia purse,
which he believed contained about $390,
was missing; hence the arrest.
Here is where the vein of scandal runs
across the tale. About 1 o'clock Sunday
morning "Fat Annie," who had gone to
the California House, 624 California street,
sent for a messenger - boy. Newton L.
Valencia, a boy, whose station is at the
Sutter-street branch of the District Mes
senger Company, responded.
According to Valencia, the woman, who
seemed to be just recovering from the ef
fects of heavy drinking, told him that she
had robbed a farmer of about $390, and
that she had civen $200 of this sum to a
certain person — whose name she did not
divulge — to be used in securing the serv
ices of a lawyer to defend her. The re
maining $190, the boy says, she told him
had been given to Policeman Rourke and
Special Officer Mclntyre, and that she
wanted him to hunt them up and bring
them to her, because she wanted her share
out of it.
About 11 a. m. Sunday Valencia called
at the City Prison to see the woman, who
had been located in her room at the Cali
fornia House about 3 a. m. the same day
by Officer F. H. Norman. Norman
searched the woman's clothing and the
room tnoroughly, but failed to find any
thing except a silver dime.
The boy says he explained to the woman
that he had been unable to find Rourke,
and that she again sent him out to locate
Rourke and bring him to her at the City
Prison.
This he set out to do. Policeman
Rourke was found about 1 a. m. Monday
on his beat near the corner of Dupont and
Jackson streets. The boy at once confided
to him what the woman, "Fat Annie,"
had told him, and said she wanted to see
him then at the City Prison.
Rourke immediately took the boy to
police headquarters and had him tell his
story to Chief Crowley, demanding at the
same time that an investigation he made.
The Chief detailed Sergeant Wollwebber
to find out the facts of the case.
What Sergeant Wollwebber has learned
and the conclusions he has reached in the
case, of course, cannot be ascertained, but
that he must have given the matter seri
ous consideration ia proved by the fact that
the matter will be brought before the
Police Commissioners next Wednesday
evening.
The woman now denies the whole story,
and has said that the first time she sent
the boy out it was for her chum, a person
named "Dutchie," whose surname has not
been given and who works in a dive called
the "Colliseum," at the corner of Kearny
and Jackson streets. "Dutchie" refused
to come, the woman asserts, for the reason
that the place was under the surveillance
of two detectives. The woman herself has
worked in the Colliseum.
The second time the boy was sent out
from the City Prison the woman claims
he was sent merely to get her a good meal.
This is strange in view of the fact that she
had only a dime when arrested by Officer
Norman, and could not well pay for a
meal from a restaurant. It would seem as
if the boy's action in going for Policeman
Pvourke if he was in fact sent to a restau
rant for a meal is also remarkable.
Special Officer Mclntyre was seen last
night in a grocery-store at the corner of
Broadway and Stockton streets. He was
vehement in his denial that he had re
ceived any money from the woman. He
said :
"I have been on this beat for ten years.
This woman has hung round the vicinity
for five or six years. She is what is known
as a "beer-jerker." I never knew her to
do anything else. She has lived in va
rious houses in this vicinity, and for
a while lived in the Fillmore House with
a man named George, but whose surname
I forget. Anyway be is now employed as
a sailor on one of the revenue cutters.
"As regards her bribing officers I never
knew her to have a nickel for her own use.
I never saw her even dressed decently.
This present affair i 3 best disposed of by
telling you everythine i know.
"Friday night I wa9 standing at the
corner of Broadway and Stockton street.
Hannah came alon^ with the farmer,
Bush. They went into the back of the
grocery-store, where there is a bar, and had
a drink. Two or three minutes afterward
the farmer came out and made off.
In a short while the woman came
out and askea me where the farmer had
gone. I said I didn't know. In a few
minutes the man came back and asked for
a policeman. I said one went down the
other side of the street. He went after
him. The officer's name was Capell.
Capell himself soon came up and I learned
that he had not seen the farmer.
"We went up to the woman's room and
found him there. He said everything was
all right and we left him. . In the hall we
met the woman and she said the farmer
was jealous of her attentions to the land
lord. Nothing was to be done, and we
came away. This was the morning before
the robbery.
"About 2 o'clock Saturday morning Han
nah came to me where I was talkine to
Officers Purvea and Peshon. She came up
and inquired where Rourke was. I told her
he was on his beat in Chinatown. She then
went down Kearny street and I saw her
no more.
"About noon I was told by Bartender
McDevltt of La Salle's saloon that Bush
■was in there kicking about being robbed.
This is all I know about the matter. I
have never had any dealings with this
woman or any other woman."
At this juncture Officer Purvea came
along. Mclntyre went out and engaged
him in earnest conversation for some time.
As a result of this conference Purves said
he knew the woman by sight, possibly, but
not by name. He said he was sorry if his
name had been connected with the affair,
as he had never figured in a scandal of
any kind. It was understood earlier in
the evening that when the woman had
sent for Rourke and Mclntyre, as the mes
senger-boy claimed, she had also sent for
Purves, but this was found to be a mis
take.
As an evidence of the interest the affair
is creating in police circles, it 1b known
that last night Captain Robinson of the
City Prison, Sergeant Wollwebber, Cap
tain Lees, Policeman Rourke and the boy,
Valencia, were closeted in Captain Lees'
room, discussing the matter for over an
hour.
Shortly after they disbanded the mes
senger-boy was seen as to the results of
the conference. He said that be had b*en
given strict orders by Sergeant Wollweb
ber not to say anything to anybody, ex
cept by his advice.
It was learned, however, that he had
been requested to give the story in detail
and elucidate important points, that he
had been given to understand that >;is
story was believed, and that the matter
would be probed to the bottom. He also
said that what puzzled them was where
the $200 went to.
"And," the boy added, "I am inclined to
think from the lay of things that Rourke
and Mclntyre are in for it."
Policeman Rourke, speaking over the
telephone at a late hour last night, said
that he did not believe the story told by
the boy, and that "Murty" Callanan was
near him all the time when the woman
claims, according to the boy's story, that
she gave him any money. He says he can
prove by Callanan that he received no
money from any one.
Rourke went to >»cc the Landridge
woman yesterday afternoon and evening
in the company of Captain Robinson.
She denied the tale to him, so he says.
It is said by some who would seem to be
in a position to know that the relations
between Rourke and "Fat Annie" are
what may be termed familiar.
INTERRED AT SAN JOSE.
Hundreds Attend the Funeral of James A.
Clayton, a Pioneer of the Garden
City.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 20.— The funeral
of James A. Clayton, a prominent citizen
of this city, was held this afternoon from
the family residence on North First street,
and was largely attended. Impressive
ceremonies were held at the house and
the remains were viewed by hundreds of
friends.
Mr. Clayton was a pioneer of California,
and had resided almost continuously in
this city since 1850. He was one of the
most prominent business men in San
Jose, and was president of the First
National Bank at the time of his death.
He died at the home of his daughter, Mrs.
C. W. Gates, in Los Angeles on April 15.
A widow and Bix children survive him.
Troubles of a Detective.
SAN JOSE, Cal, April 20.— H. P. Haw
kins, a private detective who has been
carrying on a warfare against saloon
keepers selling liquor to minors, was
arraigned before Justice Dwyer to-day on
a charge of perjury preferred by J. R.
Berryessa. It is alleged that at the trial
of J. Hermelin before Justice Gase on Jan
uary 29 on the charge of selling liquor to
Paddy Olmstead, a minor, the defendant
gave perjured testimony. Hawkins' ex
amination was set for April 25. Bail was
fixed at $1000, in default of which he went
to jail.
Mourning in an Eastern Home.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 20.— Coroner
Secord held an inquest this afternoon over
the remains of James O'Brien, the tramp
who was run over and killed at the Guad
alupe Creek railroad crossing last evening.
It was developed that O"lirien was a
native of Waterbury, Conn., where he has
a mother and three sisters residing. He
was a nailer by trade and about 36 years of
age.
Palo Alto Township Created.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 20.— The Board
of Supervisors this morning created a new
township to be known as Palo Alto town
ship. It embraces the incorporated limits
of the town of Palo Alto.
Illegal Filhing at Sebatttpol.
SEBASTOPOL, Cal., April 20.— Ah Wee,
a Chinaman, was detected catching fish
out of a lake near here to-day with a net
which had been set all night. The matter
Your kidneys act as a sieve for the purpose of separating
the good from the bad, throwing into the blood the nutrition
absorbed from your food, and discharging the refuse matter
from the system. When your kidneys are inactive, not doing
their work properly, the refuse sometimes gets into the blood
and makes you sick. This is a bad state of affairs for you as it
often results in "Bright's disease" and death. When you find
your kidneys working poorly you ought to do something for
them quicker than you would for any other organ of your body
Naturally you don't -want any more drugs, as you probably know
that they don't reach the trouble. The kidneys need a natural
strength—Electricity— -to revive them.
Electric Belt is the most successful remedy. Try it.
DR, A. T. SANDEK-Dear Sir: **• H?fiK&\f£rtrt* §2iski£& A * ril 18 ' ™» 6 -
weeks ago has done all I expected of it and even i mow I hud h .r / C -V go '°* * ou nbo^ ■>*
an injury to my kidneys. 1 was so bad tha i I would ll% blood S" d Up ! ? r 9lx weeki > "«
Belt I was pretty bad. that will weeks that I have worn 'paid^ylX ??t. JT hen I B°t your
well, and I would say that I will never begrudgtthe Trlw I ■paid^Lt^it** kldners entirely
- ■■"■■,; -.-I . Tours truly, J.S.JOHNSON.
n • The little book, "Three Classes of Men can be had free
It gives full information about Dr. Sanders Belt and prices.
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PaLACEH^E^S^RaNCISCO
204 Bouth Broadway. I 9 Tr ' ANX) . OR- -
• 86 5 Washington street
was reported to Constable O'Leary, who ar
rested Ah Wee and locked him op at Santa
Rosa. The lake at one time was an ex
cellent place for t shing, but owing to the
wholesale captort of fish by Chinamen it
has offered but little inducement for fisher
men the past few years.
SANTA BARBARA INVASION.
One Hundred Brazilian* Jiiit the City
En Route to the North.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 20.—
An extraordinary company of people to
riay invaded Santa Barbara, being no less
than 100 Brazilians— man, women, children
and little babies— traveling in a train of
about a dozen teams to San Francisco.
The procession is a picturesque and in-»
teresting one, the women and children in
particular presenting distinctive types of
their nationality. All wear the native cos
tume, and in spite of the dirt of travel are
apparently in gala dress, with queer coins
braided in their hair, barbarous rings in
their ear? and their necks weighted with
heavy necklaces.
Despite the chilling wind all of the
women are bareheaded and some are
possessed of a dark and brilliant beauty.
They have brought their household pets
with them— one a white paroquet, while
the variety of extraordinary and wholly
novel types of dogs accompanying the
party would gladden the eyes of a fancier.
They have tentpoles and canvas in their
wagons, to which horses are harnessed
three abreast. None seemed to have the
slightest knowledge of roads or routss, and
they are wandering helplessly along, fol
lowing the poiar star, and camping wher
ever they can obtain wood and water.
Anchored at Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 20.—
Charles L. Fair's gasoline yacht, the Lu
cero, dronped anchor inside the kelp at 4
o'clock this afternoon. Mr. Fair and his
party are already ai Los Angeles and the
boat was merely run in for the night, be
ing on its way to San Pedro.
Reno'* A'etv Daily.
RENO, Nev., April 20.— The Reno Daily
Tribune will make its first appearance to
morrow morning. U. A. Norcross is editor
and proprietor.
IS IT JL KUCONCILIATIOy?
Edward Parker Deacon May Remarry
Mis Divorced ft if*.
PARIS, France, April The divorced
wife of Edward Parker Deacon returned
from America yesterday, bringing with
her two of the children the court gave
into the father's keeping, leaving only one
with him.
Whether this means a reconciliation or
not her friends in Pari3 do not know. It
has been said by those professing to have
seen his letters, that he has made many
overtures to her for reconciliation and re-
marriajre.
Nothing of the matter was generally
known in the American colony, however,
and Mrs. Deacon, who has resumed her
maiden name of Baldwin, continues her
secluded mode of life in her hot el in Rue
de Grenelle.
NEW TO-DAY.
A CONFEDERATE VICTORY.
A Texas Colonel Conquers a
Life-Long Foe.
..
' Story of a Struggle for Tears, Ending In
, Success at Last— The Hero's
Own Statement.
J Qvtra.hU
/Cy Another victory
r^. won. •
A* And after a life ol
jrs)s ■ fighting. .~;;-.. •
Sj*" j In youth, men
p i s-s recklessly acquire
Y-J j habits which for a
\r\s — time they can easily
if manage. But as
Jtime goes on the
struggle becomes
c) one ol life and death,
I fT 'v' * and in the case of
/ i : Kj/ the tobacco vice the
Atxid • fight is almost hope-
// i\ less. He who allows
J3 I j \ the time to go by
V* 7 /, 1 \ when he can still say
>—^r ''I'll quit," anddoit,
\ 1 is in a serious posi-
r 1 1 I tion. Nerves para-
• .-.r;" Ji-Vo v lyzed with constant
n&rS-*. *** v Irritation; brain
deadened with ever-
lasting tobacco torpor; sexual power destroyed,
leave man but an emasculated wreck who
knows not what life is.
When tobacco has a hold on a man be has
one hope— No-To-Bac— which has been the sal-
vation of over 300,000 such case!", and is curing
I thousands every day. If the tobacco vlctimt
will but know what it is to be once more firm
of step, bright of eye, full of energy, magnetism
j and vital force, No-To-Bac will eradicate the
I tobacco-habit from the vices of mankind. Heai
i what Col. McClary has to say of his glorloui
I victory, caused by No-To-'Bao's timely appear-
; ance ou the battlefield.
Boniiam. Texas, August i, 1895.
; Gentlemen— Permit an old broken-down Ccnfe*
. erat« to give his experience in tho usa of N->To»
: Bac. June is*. las: I nought one box of it from
1 John Peeler, rtrusccist. to try as an experiment. I
; quit the us» of tobacco "instanter." I took the boa
i of tablets In 10 days— taking eight per day. Now
i for the result. For two months (June and July) 1
! have had little desire for tobacco. / now loath.
| and detest it— hate it lam 66 years of age-
smoked and chewed at th» same time regularly foi
> about 20 years. Have been a regular tobacco-
I chewer for 50 year*. K. iIcCLARY.
No-To-Bic will do it for you, quickly, easily,
permanently, if you will only do your share.
, Jieeiu to-iUv. You take no risk whatever I
| you buy lrora -your own aruesist nun odso-
I lute guarantee to cure. Oe* our Dooklet "Don't,
j Tobacco Spit and Smoke Your Life Away,' 1
I written guarantee and free sample, mailed foi
j the asking. Address The Sterling Remedy Co..
I Chicago or New York.ROLLING-MILLS
SHAKEN UP
General Manager Keeney
Handed in His Res
ignation.
ECONOMY THE MOTTO.
Several Heads of Departments
Chopped Off Suddenly for
Consolidation.
MANY LEAKS IN MATERIAL.
Employes Largely Interested in the
At'as Iron Works Next Door.
Hash vs. Scrapiron.
Shortly after D. 0. Mills arrived from
the East there was a shaking up of the
ihe Pacific Rolling Mills Company that
set the Potrero ami; with excitement.
Heads of departments were chopped off,
consolidations of departments were made,
and expenses were rigorously pruned
down.
General Manager Charles M. Keeney re
signed last week, and Superintendent Pat
rick Noble was required to do the General
Manager's work as well as his own. The
impression prevailed last night that Mr.
Noble's head would adorn the waste-hasket
of economy in a day or two.
Yesterday morning Master Mechanic
Bedford A. Tinglev and his assistant
Henry vVynne were dropped from the pay
roll and given permission to roam over the
earth at their own sweet will.
The thunderbolt came suddenly upon
these two. Bright and early yesterday
morning Edward Coieman, president of
the Rolling-millg Company, appeared at
the works and turned their pictures to the
wall. Messrs. Tingley and Wynne there
upon put on their coats and* hats, shed
their overalls, drew their pay and walked
out of the place with a bold and manly
front.
It is understood that Keeney's resigna
tion was handed in in pursuance of a hint
loud enough for a blind horse to hear.
Other removals are to follow, and there
is much trepidation on the Potrero clam
fiats.
The Pacific Rolling-mills are owned by
D. O. Mills, the Parrott estate, Edward
Coleman and others. Mr. Coleman is
president and William P. Sullivan Jr. is
secretary. The Parrott estate is repre
sented on the board of directors by Mr.
Payson, who resides in San Mateo.
For months past it has been an open
secret that things were not going on as
well as they should at the mills. While
the work done was of the best quality the
profits were of a very uncertain quality
and, in fact, of unknown quantity. There
is much reticence on this point, but it is
on the street that ihe amount of the
profits, if there were any at all, was not
large enough to please the owners.
Most of the iron work— some say all —
that was secured by the Pacific Company
was given to the Atlas Iron Works, next
door, while the rohing-mills did all the
steel work. Patrick Noble is President of
the Atlas, and this fact is said to have
been a fortunate one for the Atlas; but
some of the Pacific Rolling-mills Com
pany people did not think it was a very
fortunate thing for the Pacific.
It was whispered about that because of !
the large blocks of shares held by many of
the Pacific Rolling-mill's employes, the
Atlas, like Mr. Reilley, proprietor of the
famous notel, was doing quite well indeed,
thank you, sir, but that the Pacihc, she
were not feeling so well, thank you, sir.
Tiie owners were also said to have been
dissatisfied witii the manner in which the
storerooms were kept. There was no sys
tem in them. There were five or six men
in charge who beemed to be accountable
to no one but themselves. It is under- j
stood to be the intention to place a general
storekeeper in charge of the storerooms
who will be held responsible. It is re
ported also that there have been large ,
leakeages of material, and this matter will !
be thoroughly investigated.
It is understood that the downtown of-
See will be dispensed with and that thus a i
considerable saving will be effected.
Hash as well as scrapiron figures in the '
general shakeup. Gateley of the Potrero !
Hotel thinks he ought to get the patron- !
age of the employes, but, on the contrary,
it all goes to T. Richards' boarding-house.
Richards is known as the Kerry Dutch
man. He has the cream of the business
and is said to have an able ally
in Foreman Poulson of the laborers'
department. In fact, the Gateley
faction says that Poulson commands i
his men to chew the Kerry Dutchman's j
corned beef and cabbage in preference to |
the luscious belly bacon of the Gateley I
establishment. Mr. Gateley is said to have
been kicking for quite a long while; but
he is sadly handicapped by having only
one meat leg, the other being of wood.
His friends are jubilant over the shak
ing up and predict that under the new ad
ministration the GaUley table will groan I
with the weight of good things and of !
boarders.
POLITICS OF THE CITY
Republican Primary Returns
Reach the Congressional
Committees.
Dagg.tt Is Shut 0u v . of the Junta and
the Buckley Silver Play
Wiil Be Met.
The returns of the regular Republican
primaries were yesterday filed with the
Congressional committees of the Fourth
and Fifth districts and these committees
will meet to formally act upon the returns
in a few days.
Secretary John E. Richaras of the Con
gressional committee of the Fifth District
received one set of returns from Chairman
C. C. Man warm,' and Secretary John
Jackson of the Fifth District, members of
the County Committee. Chairman JohnN.
Chretien and Secretary Walsh of the
Fourth District committeemen filed the
returns from that district with Chairman
C. C. litmisand Secretary Pockwitz of the
Congressional committee of the fourth
District. These committees will meet in a
few days and formally act upon the re
turns. _
The members of the Republican County
Committee held a brief conference last
evening to consider some bills and odds
and ends of primary matters.
The next thing before the party is now
the State Convention at Sacramento on
May 5, and interest is now centering in
that important party council. In the
Fifth District the returns from the Thirty
seventh District will be contested by ton
Donnelly, who led the defeated opposition
faction in that district. Donnelly alleges
that fraud was committed in that district,
and that the minority delegates are en
titled to recognition.
A farcical contest in the Forty-second
District, filed by Leon Dennery, is not giv
ing anybody even as much concern as is
Donnelly's litt'e contest. Dennery's seat
in the County Committee was declared va
cant after he'had moved to the Twenty
eighth District and lived there some time
in the Burlington lodging-house, claiming
to be still a member of the County Com-
mittee.
Dennery got the use of a couple of stalls
last Wednesday and ran a little district
primary of his own, a dozen or so of bis
friends'casting their votes for the ticket he
got up for his own amusement.
Kelly and Mahoney are still shouting
about their contesting delegation from the
Fourth District and are making great
efforts to get a few people to believe that
the product of their rump primary, in
flated by 7300 fraudulent voted, has some
possibility of getting recognized by the
State Convention to the of being
given half the San Francisco vote. The
tactics that Keliy and Mahoney are now
pursuing and will pursue until the conven
tion meets are the same ones of
trickery, fraud and unfounded claims
that have marked their course since
that midnight meeting in Mahoney's
rooms at whicn their programme was lor
mally started.
Yesterday Kelly and Mahoney gave out
the absurd news that leaders of the regular
party had made "ffers of compromise
with them, which offers they had
spurned in the fullness of their
confidence and power. As ninety
nine hundredths of the local Republican
party is so solidly massed in support of
the regularly and* legitimately constituted
party authorities, the proceedings they
have taken and the delegation named and
elected by the people of the district at the
regular primary, that few have thus far
thought Kelly "and Mahoney worthy of
very serious attention, the absurdity of
sucli a story is evident.
Tlius an opposition movement, headed
and controlled by two of the most infa
mous and despicable politicians that have
disgraced and knifed the party in the past,
is backed by less ihan 300 legitimate voters
and has forits only goal the acquirement
of corrupt boss-power in San Francisco
local politics, tor these reasons it will
not awaken a great wave of sympathy
among the Republicans of decency and
sense, who will come from all ever the
State to make up the convention, and the
prospect of tne delegation sent by the Re
publican voters of the Fourth district be
ing knocked out by this Falstatlian com
pany appears exceedingly remote.
Political moves are developing steadily
in the ranks of the sundered local Democ
racy. A new idea has bobbed up in the
Junta now the large Rainey-Daggett ele
ment has been defeated by the adoption of
a constitution of the cinch kind which se
curely shuts it out of power in the organi
zation while it remains what it is. The
McNab-Lanigan- Sullivan combination
now has all the power, and it will name
the delegation to the Democratic State
Convention, though the form of a primary
election will be gone through with.
John Daggett is now to be shut out
along with Sam Ralney. He will get as
many of the 164 delegates to the conven
tion'as a stingy and victorious "inside"
which he has iought may be willing to
doJe out to him. The Dagnett-Rainey ele
ment may be allowed twenty on a pinch.
Daggett will not have many San Francisco
votes to swing for Carlisle and to make
combinations with in the State Conven
tion.
McNab, Lanigan and Sullivan are, of
course, looking mainly to tbe control of
the local party. The Buckleyites have
declared for silver, and will send a silver
delegation to the State convention. This
is recognized as a strong play, because the
majority of the convention will be for
silver and not likely to seat a gold delega
tion marshaled by the Federal brigade.
Now, with Daggett out of the way,
the Junta can meet this Buckley
play by mixing in a lot of silver delegates
and perhaps by sending a delegation
which has a majority for silver. The Junta
leaders do not care particularly, as far as
ibey are concerned, whether the delegation
is for gold, silver or greenbacks, and
with Daggett's administration influence
squeezed oat the administration influence
wielded by Welburn and one or two others
can be repressed somewhat in the interest
of local expediency.
The executive committee of ninety of
the Buckley general committee elected
last Thursday evening will meet for or
ganization at Pythian Castle this evening.
Ex-Senator M. J. Donovan will be elected
chairman and steps will be taken to ac
tively push things along.
At a meeting of the Pond Democratic
Club, held at Kaufman's Hall, southwest
corner of Fifth and Mission streets, last
evening— it also being its twelfth anniver
sary—the following officers were elected
for the ensuing term : President, F.
Kaufman \ re-elected): first vice-pres
ident, F. P. Callundan; second vice
president, Michael Conway; secretary,
P. H. Gardner (re-elected); financial sec
retary, George W. Davis; treasurer, John
O. Feldman; sergeant-at-arms, B. C.
Mooney. After tbe election of officers a
repast was partaken of. Quite a number
of charter members were present. Short
speeches were made and toasts drunk.
The club then adjourned to meet next
Monday night.
TRIED TO END HER LIFE.
Mrs. Josephine Oman Throws Hera elf
in Front of a Cable-Car.
Mrs. Josephine Oman, a widow living
on South avenue and J street, South San
Francisco, has been driven insane through,
it is claimed, the persistent annoyance and
peroecution of her neighbors.
Yesterday morning ahe threw herself in
front of a cable-car at the ferry and was
dragged off the track in time to save her
from being crushed under the wheels. She
was taken to the Harbor police station
and from tnere to the Receiving Hospital.
She was placed in a padded cell.
Mrs. Oman's immediate neighbors are
Mrs. Mary Giashen and Mrs. Thorall. A
week ago last Monday Mrs. Oman and
| Mrs. Glashen had some trouble about a
ditch and next morning Mrs. Glashen
i swore out a warrant in Judge Low's court
j for Mrs. Oman's arrest on the charge of
I battery. The case was heard by Judge
I Low on Thursday and was dismissed.
Mrs. Oman has two grown-up daughters
who work in the City. Yesterday after
noon one of thsm, accompanied by a lady
friend, called at the hospital to" see her
mother. The interview between them
was very affecting.
"My mother has been driven insane by
the persecution of her neighbors," said
the daughter. "As my sister and I work
in the City, she is left alone at home and
they constantly annoy her. When she
was arrested last Tuesday she was nearly
out of ncr nrnd, and it has so preyed upon
her that she is now, I suppose, insane.
"rihe le:t home this morning with the
intention of going to Oakland to see some
friends, as we thought the change might
do her good, and I suppose that was when
she threw herself in front of the car.
"I blame Mrs. Glashen and Mrs. Thoralr
for driving my poor mother out ot her
in j i: (I , but what can we do?' 1
At Hatfield House, in the James II
picture gallery, there is preserved the gar
den hat worn by Queen Elizabeth, and a
pair of her Majesty's silken hose. The
room is also remarkable for beautiful ala
baster sculptures, and it is the rule for
every royal visitor to leave behind a pho
tograph, to which is added au autograph
of the donor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 1896.
MANGLED BY A
FATHER'S HAND
The Inhuman Flogging of
Little Johnnie Me-
Cafferty.
FURY OF A DRUNKARD.
Whipped His Boy With the
Buckle End of a Big
Leather Strap.
POUNDED AND KICKED HIM.
Cruelly and Maliciously Beaten Be
cause He Did Not Sell Enough
Newspapers.
A revolting case of cruelty to a child, one
of the worst that has come to the attention
of the police for a long time, occurred last
night at 335 Broadway.
Martin J. Cafferty, a laborer for Grey
t Bros., contractors, lives there with his
\ wife and four children. The oldest is
j Johnnie, a bright boy 9 years of age, who
. sells papers to help the family along.
Last night Cafferty went home in a half
j drunken state. He was in an ugly mood
j and asked the boy how much he had
made by selling his papers. Johnnie gave
him 23 cents, telling him it had been a
j poor day.
Cafferty scowled and sent Mrs. Cafferty
out for 5 cents' worth of beer to get her
i out of the way. Then he took hold of the
boy, threw him on the floor and beat him
over the back, legs, arms aud head with a
strap having a heavy buckle on the end of
it. Not content with that, he jumped on
the boy's back, kicked him in the ribs and
dashed his head against the hard wooden
j floor.
The boy begged piteously for mercy, but
his cries only enraged the brute the more.
When Mrs. Cafferty returned with the
beer her husband was standing on the top
of the stairs. He saluted her with the re
mark: "I had a good mind to brain you
with a hatchet as I saw you coming up the
stairs, and I may do it yet."
Suspecting that something was wrong
she pushed past him and saw Johnnie
standing with the tears running down his
cheeks and his face swollen. She toot
him in her arms and he sobbed out his
pitiful story of what his father had done
to him. Cafferty came into the room, and
after storininer around for a few minutes
went to bed, where a four-year-old boy was
sleeping.
As soon as he was sound asleep Mrs.
Cafferty took her 7-year-old girl, her baby
of 8 months, and Johnnie and walked to
the Central police station, arriving there
about 10 o'clock. To Acting Captain Bird
sail she told of her husband's cruelty and
made the boy take off his clothes.
A horrible sight presented itself. The
boy's entire back was covered with big red
blisters and stripes. His arms were in the
same condition and there were big lumps
on his head from contact with tne hard
floor. He also complained of pains in his
left side where Ms father had kicked him.
"After mother left," said Johnnie,
'•father told me to finish my supper quick
and he would 'fix me. 1 He did not wait till
I finished, but threw me on the floor and
kicked me in the ribs. Then he sat on my
head and beat me all over with the buckle
of a strap. Then he bumped my head
on the tloor till he got tired. I feei
so sore all over. He told me when I gave
him the 25 cents that other boys made $1
and $2, and I was no good at 'rustling' — but
I do the best I can. I generally make
from 45 to 50 cents a day by selling papers
round the ferry, but this was a bad day
and I only made 25 cents profit.
"I sell the morniug papers in the morn
ines. Then I go to the Irving Primary
School and get out at 2 o'clock, which
gives me time to get the evening papers to
sell. I sell more Calls than any of the
other morning papers."
Mrs. Cafferty said her husband was al
ways nagging and slapping Johnnie. He
seemed to have a spite at the boy. He
had also abused her and called her vile
names and she had made up her mind to
live apart from him and endeavor to earn
a living for herself and children.
"I could never forgive him for his brutal
treatment of our boy," said the little
woman with tears in her eyes as she
looked at his scarred and disfigured body.
Mrs. Cafferty is a bright little woman
and talented. In last Sunday's Call on
the children's page there was a short
poem, "Fair Tears," sizned E. J. Cafferty,
which was sent in by her to amuse the
little folks. She has written other poems
for children, and intellectually is far supe
rior to her husband. She was married to
Cafferty in Newcastle, Australia, where
Johnnie was born.
Acting Captain Birdsall sent Policeman
Foley with the mother and children to the
Receiving Hospital with a request that
they should be kept there if possible all
night, as she was afraid for her life to go
home, and she could swear out a warrant
for her husband's arrest in the morning.
At the hospital Drs. Thompson and
Stice and Steward Mogan at once agreed
to find quarters for the family and John
nies wounds were attended to, but later
Judge Low was communicated with by tele
phone and he went out at once to the
hospital. He was horrified at the boy's
appearance, and wrote out a complaint
for the husband's arrest, which was signed
by the boy. Policeman Irvine, one of the
stalwarts of the force, took the warrant
and went with Mrs. Cafferty and her chil
dren to 335 Broadway, and arrested Caf
ferty.
AN ECHO OF THE DEBATE
Rabbi Voorsanger's Roman His
tory Called in Ques
tion.
Whether Ancient Women Ever Took
a Part in Letters and Politi
cal Life.
If the writer of the following conynuni
cation cites ancient history correctly, then
the Rev. Rabbi Voorsanger has — but the
communication itself is its own best
pleader, and as it raises an interesting
point in connection with the recent public
debate between Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper and
the rabbi, it is printed in full, as follows:
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call- Sir:
The Rabbi Voorsanger, in his debate with Mrs.
Cooper and Miss Anthony, stated that: "We
know what took place in ancient Rome when
women stood at the head of politics and let
ters."
I fear the rabbi is as far off in his Roman his
tory as he was in that of Isabella of Castile. It
may be remembered that he described Isabella
as "clasping a crucifix to her childless breast."
Isabella, to whom it was well known, we chiefly
owe the discovery of America, was the distin
guished mother of such a well-known daugh
ter as Katherine of Aragon, not to speak of
her other children.
Who were the Roman women that once stood
high in letters ? The Roman women were
barred out from the whole world of letters,
and there is not a pen from one to defend her
sex against the vile slanders of the corrup
writers of that corrupt age.
The Roman woman held her very life at the
will of father or husband. Her consent was
never asked In marriage. She walked from
the bondage of her father to the bondage of
her husband. There was no law to defend any
woman that went out on the streets unat
tended. This was the origin of the custom iv
all Latin countries where respectable gins and
women never walk on the streets, even in
broad daylight, alone.
The Roman women were in complete sub
ordination. If they developed the art of de
ceit, treachery and intrigue, as some did, these
vices were the natural outcome of their en
s'.avement. Nevertheless we know thftt when
their tyrant* sought to fasten on them the un
just edict that no daughter could inherit any
part of her father's wealth, they combined,
and headed by Cato'&wife stormed the Senate
until the obnoxious law was repealed
A. M. M.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Arrival of the Zealandia and
Gaelic Made the Mail
Dock Busy.
The Schooner Prosper Sprang a Leak
and Had to Put Back to
Port.
The mail dock was busy again yester
day. For a couple of days there have been
no steamers to work, and in consequence
the longshoremen have been disconsolate.
The Gaelic, from Hongkong, via Yoko
hama and Honolulu, was behind time, and
when she did get in last Sunday was placed
in quarantine. About noon yesterday she
was released, and had not yet left Angel
Island when the Zealandia came in from
Panama and way ports. Both steamers
got to the dock about the same time, but
the Zealandia was the only one to put a
full force of men to work.
Although the Gaelic was released from
quarantine, her steerage passengers were
detained on the island and will not be
landed until this morning. The forward
and after hatches were hermetically sealed
after the fumigating apparatus had been
placed in them. The main hatch, in which
was rice and silks, was allowed to remain
open, and this was the only one from
which any discharging was done yester
day. At S o'clock last night the hatches
were removed and this morning a full
force of men were at work.
The Ztalandia will not make another
trip under the management of the Pacific
Mail and yesterday she was flying the
Oceanic Steamship Company's flag. After
discharging her New York ireight she will
go to Lombard-street wharf to make room
for the next Panama steamer. After dis
charging the remainder of her cargo she
will be turned over to the Spreckels Broth
ers Company and may be put in the sugr.r
trade, or she may be again laid up at
Martinez.
Tbe Gaelic was caueht in the same gale
that turned tbe Rio de Janeiro back. She
was three days late in reaching Yokohama,
but nevertheless there was plenty or coal
in the bunkers to carry her to tiongkoug.
The story about the plague being aboard
her has been exaggerated and the oilicers
say that the man who died in Yokohama
may never have been a passenger. Chinese
come and go in sampans at all hours while
the steamers are in port and any one of
these may have been the victim. When
the Gaelic left Hongkong all the steerage
passengers were examined, and before
Yokohama was reached they were exam
ined again. In those circumstances the
doctor does not think the plague coukl
have been aboard, more particularly as
there were nearly a thousand steerage
passengers and not another one showed
even the slightest symptoms. The disease
is very contagious.
Tne schooner Prosper returned to port
yesterday and went to Oakland Creek
direct. She left here on the 6th inst. and
two days ago in latitude 37 deg. 38 mm.
north, longitude 125 deg. 22 mm. west,
sprang a leak and had to run back.
She was loaded with minors and mining
implements for Cooks Inlet. After re
pairing she will make another start, bat
the chances are that many of her present
passengers will elect to remain at home.
The steam schooner Point Arena that
went on the rocks off the Mendocino coast
is slowly being towed to San Francisco by
the steam schooner South Coast. The un
fortunate vessel has turned turtle and
when last seen off Stewarts Point she was
bottom up. The South Coast and her tow
may be expected this morning.
The news by the Gaelic goes to show
that Captain Philip Dryer's slayer did not
live to be tried by a legal court. After
shooting the skipper and wounding two of
the Lyman D. Foster's crew, he set tire to
the vessel and jumped overboard. The
captain lingered for twelve hours after the
fire was put out and the wounded sailors
recovered. Ah Lin was the cook and he
seems to have taken a dislike to the cap
tain. The telegraphic news Baid he
stabbed Captain Dryer, but the details
shows that he used a revolver.
SENT TO NAPA.
fate of the Alan Who Flourished His
Revolver in the .First Unitarian
Church.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 20.— Louis Por
ter, the man who created the sensation in
the First Unitarian Churcn by interrupt
ing the speaker and demanding to be
heard, emphasizing his demand by flour
ishing a loaded revolver, was adjudged in
sane to-day and committed to the Napa
asylum.
Porter was charged this morning in the
Police Court with disturbing the peace and
carrying a concealed weapon on a com-
Dlaint sworn to by Colonel John P. Irish
When asked his plea Porter arose and
said: "Your Honor, I was righting for
what is right. I was not disturbing any
one s peace and lam not guilty." Both
charges were passed pending the insanity
examination.
The prisoner was transferred to the
County Jail and at noon he was taken be
fore Judge Frick and Dr. Todd and Dr.
Stratton sitting as a lunacy commission.
During the examination Porter sat nerv
ously pulling his dark brown mustache.
In repiy to questions he gave an account
of his life, lie said :
"My name is Louis Porter, a native of
Maine, a^e 37; have a wife in Massa
chusetts somewhere, but do not know
where, bat have no children. Have been
in California about two years, coming
from Montana. Came to Oakland two or
three days ago and am stopping in a lodg
ing-house."
The Great Western is the oldest English
railway company, having been so called in
1835; the Southeastern was so known in
1836; the London and Southwestern re
ceived its present name in 1839; the Mid
land in 1844; the Brighton, Great North
ern, and London and Northwestern in 1846.
This does not give the date when the rail
ways were made, but merely when they
took their present names.
The Post-street Edition of the Daily Report
is a credit to the City and State. Don't iail to
mail a copy to your friends. •
AT THE CITY PLAYHOUSES
Kichard Mansfield's Brilliant Hit
in "Rodion" at the
Baldwin.
REED AT THE CALIFORNIA.
Mrs. Hoyte's Debut at the Alcazar.
New Attractions at Other
Hcuses.
Never since Irving played here in "The
Hells" has anything so weird and baunt
ing been seen at a local theater as 4l The
Story of Rodion the Student, •' which
Richard Mansfield prodnced for the first
time in San Francisco at the Baldwin
Theater last night.
As a play "Rodion" is less powerful in
construction than "The Bella," for in the
earlier acts it requires a stretch of the im
agination to inveat the murderer with a
motive for his crime. ''Because 1 was
mad at the injustice about me"
may be sufficient motive in Russia to
make a dreamer on social questions take
the life of a heartless usurer, because
there are injustice and oppression enough
on all hands to goad on one who broods
social wrongs, to think that a blow back at
one of the oppressors is almost an act of
justice, it is hard, however, for an Amer
ican audience to sympathize with such a
frame of mina.
But if "Rodion" is not so strong and
compact as "The Bells" of which it
strongly smacks, it is nevertheless a play
with powerful dramatic scenes and it is
built round a story of absorbing interest.
As a piece of characterization Manstield's
Rodion isJ superior to Irving's Matthias.
It is as intense and weird, as haunting in
its realistic horror and remorse and it is
devoid of those touches of stilted stagi
ness which Irving's voice and gait in
flict upon him, in spite of himself.
Rodion is a Russian student, a brilliant
dreamer, whose high-strung nervous tem
perament has been accentuated by over
study and want. He is brought in contact
with a horrit>le case of desittution and he
loves the victim of it, Sonia, a young girl
whose honor has been sold to supply her
parents with bread. Inflamed by his
theories and maddened by the injustice
done to Sonia, Rodion conceives the idea
that it would be no crime to rid the world
of Ivanhoff, the usurer, who was employed
by a rich patron to grind Sonia's parents
to poverty and infamy.
On hia way to pawn a rine at Ivan
hoff's, Rodion finds an ax lying by the
steps, and as he hides in a doorway he
overhears Sonia pleading with the usurer
for a pittance on a gold cross that was her
dead mother's, in order that she may live
honestly and have bread for her sisters
till she can earn a living by her needle.
The usurer mocks her, aud tempts her to
return to her old life by offering her jew
els, but she rushes from him sobbing, and
Rodion forgets that live minutes before he
i.ad prayed, "Lead us not into tempta
tion.'' He slinks from the doorway, knocks
at the usurer's door and murders him.
The rest of the play is taken up with
the student's horror and remorse — his hor
ror at the fear of discovery and his re
morse that an innocent man is accused.
He confesses at last to Sonia and the cur
tain falls on his suicide.
Mansfield does not merely portray this
role of the wierd nervous dreamer, throug
out the whole play he lives and moves,
and has his being, not as Mansfield,
the player, but as Rodion, the stu
dent. His very face and form seem
to have changed from those of Beau Brutn
mell's. Rodloos features are sharp, hag
gard and angular, his eyes have the cold,
mystic look of the man who dreams and
broods too much and his motions are lithe
and youthful.
It is a pity the play show.s the
thought and the crime before the motives
are fully set before one. After the mur
der, when Rodion comes to Sonia's
room, gloomy and distracted, the
audience is * made to understand
for the first tims that he loves her, and
ihat it maddens him to see her stitching
her thin fingers to the bone "when a little,
a very little money, would save her." In
a half-shrinking way he gives her a bank
note that he nas taken from the dead
usuer, and as the girl's head fails on the
table, in a sob of thankfulness at the
sight of the money, he stretches out his
hands to caress her blonde head, and then
draws them back and wrings them with
l.orror, remembering suddenly that they
are stained with blood.
But it is in the scene entitled "The
Devil's Hour" that tne audience thrill
most, and that Mansfield rises to tbe
greatest heignt of his power. The remorse
and the terror of detection arc growing
upon him, he is suspicious even of tmown
mother, and when a detective comes to
sound him he forces himself to answer the
questions coldly and automatically,
till his prudence is carried away
in a gust of passion and de
spair, but even at that supreme
moment Mansfield never "o'ersteps the
modesty of nature," he is not acting in
trie common acceptation of the term, he
is as true to the part as if he were living
it. The act ends with a piece of panto
mime—Rodion left alone goes over the
scene of the murder — tne usuer's cuckoo
clock strikes, the student prays not to
be led into temptation ana as he does so
feels the ax again in his hands and strikes.
It was a marvelous piece of character
ization.
The suicide scene is the only one open
to criticism. Kodion was too slow in
bringing out his dagger, too slow in strik
ing and the onlookers did not seek to stop
him, but that was the one blemish in an
otherwise perfect performance. As for
the supporting company it was excellent.
Miss Beatrice., Cameron as Sonia was
second only to Rodion. She was natural,
convincing and pathetic without ever
overdoing the pathos. The other roles
were all secondary, but they were all
careful and artistic studies.
At the California.
Roland Reed, the popular comedian, opened
his season at the California last evening in his
new comedy, "The Politician." Needless to
say it is an American play. The title alone
must convey that information.
"The Politician" sparkles with wit, happy
repurtee and gay badinage. The characters
stand out in bold relief and with marked con
trast. General Josiah Limber has his Peter
Woolley, and Cleopatra JSiurgiss her Anna
Woolley. A fetching song and striking
dances are neatly dovetailed in the second act,
and, taken altogether, the satirical comedy
has much to recommend it.
The cast is worthy the play. Reed has sur
rounded himself with a splendid company, a
rare treat for a play that boasts a star. Isad'ore
Rush, as the new woman, is captivating and
fetching. Were all "new" women as charming
as she, and did all wear such stunning ••new"
cloches, the fight for suffrage would be a thing
of the pa«t, williftm Bernard as Pelham Perri
winkle, a New York dude— with little mind and
gorgeous clothes —by his excellent acting,
made a hackmyed character, if not new, cer
tainly enjoyable. Of course, Reed is the bright
shining light of the play. In his hands, grotes
que situations appear natural, if not altogether
reasonable — the motive of the play right and
logical.
"The Politician" is handsomely mounted and
the "convention scene" excellently managed.
"The Politician" is at the California for two
weeks and should draw crowded houses.
Mrs. Anzerais Hoyte's Debut.
Miss Nellie Young as Miss Lucy iloorfield— Do
you love him veCT clearly?
Mrs. Auz'-raU Hoyte aa Janet MoornelU— Very,
very dearly.
Are you happy in his love ?
Very ha^py.
Mrs. Auzerais Hoyte stepped upon the stage
for the first time as a professional actress at
the Alcazar last evening. The curtain rose upon
a very pretty scene— the country home of the
Rev. Thomas Moorfield. Janet and Lucy, his
two daughters.were seated on the mwii mmr hu
doorstep. They were discussing the return
from Africa of Harvey Lane and the
affianced lover of Janet and wno had come
back to make her his wife. Lucy, the younger
sister, secretly loved Harry and Harry has dis
covered that he also loves Lucy— that his love
for Janet has cooled. Janet is unaware of the
change and when Lucy asks the question
answers quite earnestly in the words quoted
above— almost the first words spoken by the
young debutante before a San Francisco
audience. And the audience was a very large
one and drawn from the swell society in which
Mrs. Auzerais was late a conspicuous figure.
And her friends and acquaintances, who Knew
the story of her recent divorce from the sculp
tor, Auzerais, and later of her marriage to
Hereward Hoyte, saw much to interest
them in the dialogue and the subse
quent developments in the little one
act curtain - riser; as Harry Lane
confesses to the old minister that he no longer
loves Janet and afterward does the same to
Janet herself and Janet gives him up for the
sake of her sister; and she says to the old
minister, "do not let Lucy know all," to which j
the old man replies: "No one shall ever know
all but the angels who look into tnis quiet
little heart of your's and sees the sacrifice you
have made. Ah the sun is setting. There is
something sad and beautiful in the setting of
the sun."
The name of the curtain-raiser is "The Set
ting of the Sun," and the lights were worked
in sympathy with it all and made a very ef
fective picture. As the curtain was descend
ing there was a rush of ushers down the aisles
bearing a mountain of flowers in bunches and \
banks and various designs, conspicuous among j
the latter being an Immense horseshoe, which
is to say, "Good luck to you, Mrs. Auzerais-
Hoyte."
After the one-act "idyl" followed "Every
body's Friend," a three-act society comedy, in I
which Hereward Hoyte makes his appearance
with his wife. Mrs. Hoyte is Mrs. Felix Feath
erby and Mr. Hoyte is Felix— everybody's
friend. It is an amusing story of a good
natured man who undertakes to help his
friends successively out of their several
curious scrapes, while he entirely neglects and
professes weariness of his young wife of but
ten months. This gets him into trouble on his
friends' account and with his wife on his own.
His wife's friends, however, come to her
assistance, and by the old ruse of jealousy
bring him back to his wife.
Mrs. Hoyte's was the only part in the comedy
that was not comic. She carried herself
through both parts with the ease and grace of
a long-time professional, and frequently pro
voked enthusiastic applause.
The Grand Opera-Houae.
"Special Delivery" is sure to be a success.
The play, which is a high-class comedy-dramn
with a few variety features introduced, is ad
mirably staged and well acted. Some of the
scenic effects are very realistic, the moonlight
scene on Harlem River, with the real open
and-shut drawbridge, being one of the bust;
while the view of the interior of the New York
City Postoffice is so painfully business-like that
it would remind people of work were it not for
specialties introduced. These included the
songs: "A "Plain, Every-Day Girl," by Flossie
Thropp; "The Belle of Poverty Row," Hugh
Ward; "Read the Answer in the Stars," by 0.
\V. Swain; "(lilliftan's Wedding," by Julia
Blanc; '-The Ship 1 Love," by Fanny Warren,
the gifted and popular soprano; and "Danny
Murphy's Daughter Nell," with banjo ac
companiment, by Helen Hathaway.
A medley dance in the third act, introducing
the waltz-clog, straight jig, Irish and Scotch
jigs and "buck and wing/i s interesting though
a little bewildering, while the vocal rendering
of the "Honeymoon March" by v large chorus j
is very clever and spirited. Among the actors
Darrell Vinton, as a postman of the most j
heroic order, was well received, as was also [
Miss Lisle Leigh as Agnes Howard. Missßlanc, !
as Mary Mack, did some good work, and the |
same may be said of most of the other mem
bers of the cast. The piece will run during
the week, and perhaps longer, if Its success in
New York be an augury.
At the Columbia.
Laughter loud aud unconfined greets "A
Pair of Kids" and Ezra Kendall, their eccen
tric papa, every time they come upon the
stage. The piece is not a new one, being
already in its eleventh season, but it seems to
take amazingly, and Mr. Kendall seems to
have sense enough not to tinker it up by sand
wiching in any new features. As it is, the
piece is perfect in its way, being a mixture of
comedy, vaudeville, ttantomiine and farce,
oharmfngly combined in a delightful and by
no means inartistic ensemble. Plot there is I
none, but amusing situations abound. The ,
stage settings are fresh and appropriate, and I
the piece goes with a snap, a swing and a dash
well worthy of imitation in more quarters j
than one.
Mr. Kendall as Jiles Button does wonders I
with his part, which in other hands might '
seem pointless and forced. Little Roy and
Roxana Fay as the "Kids' are most clever,
while Helen Sallinger as Daisy, a girl with I
leanings toward football, is quite a revelation. '
H. R. Hanlon as Jo Hustler, a typical tough of
the lowest order, who afterward becomes a,
prison warden, makes an interesting study or
his thankless part, while as Biddy Mefiweeney,
a lady in domestic service, he shines. The '
other characters are for the most part well sus- I
tamed, and the piece bids fair toprove a com- j
plete success.
At the Orpheum.
The attendance was immense last night at
the Orpheum, even for that popular place of
amuf ment. By the time the performance
commenced money could not purchase a seat
and standing room was literally at a pre
mium.
The great attraction of the company with
the imposing name of the Hopkins Trans-
Oceanic Star Specialty Company consists of
the Rossand brothers, who are already known
familiarly in this City as the midgets. They
are a wonderful pair of mannikins, scarcely
higher than an average-sized man's knee.
Their manager stretches his arms ont and
one stands on each hand. The little fellows,
who perform on a raised platform, go through
all the tricks of trained acrobats, besides going
through a really scientific three-round sparring
match in a ring with the American flag at one
corner and the British at the other. This iB to
intimate that they represent Corbett and
Mitchell. The midgets talk fluently in French,
German and English.
Among the other "turns" Apollo proved to
be a graceful performer on the wire. Clayton
and company introduced the trained donkey
Jasper. Edward and Josie Evans gave a little
entertainment as two children, in which Josie
proved herself a new woman by making Ed
ward sing small. The Namedo brothers were
very clever pantomimists. One of them took
the part of a dummy lady, to which the other
two made love, and every one thought he was
a dummy from the way they tossed him about.
Until he threw off his disguise he appeared to
be nothiiiß but a gown with a lace and bonnet.
Ford and Francis proved to be a very good
show. Ford sang extremely well, Miss Francis
danced the skirt >lance and they gave quite a
refined and tragic little operetta called "The
Tryst."
The Tivoli.
"Bluebeard," replete with pretty girls in
gorgeous costumes, melody, dance, wit and
sentiment, is still the bill at the TivolL
To the host of good things with which the
oueretta abounds a generous management has
added the "Chevalier Medley."
Seven of the noted singer's most popular
songs are given by the Tivolians, ot course, in
coster costumes. Leary gave his version of
"Mrs. 'Ennery 'Awklns," Carrie Roma of "Old
Dutch," W. H. West the "Little Nipper," Fer
ris Hartman "Wot Cheer," Kate Marchi "Such
a Nice Man," J. J. Roffael "Coster Serenade,"
and Gilbert and Goidie "Jock Jones." Judg
ing by the way the melodies were received the
medley must be counted a "go" and is sure to
prove one of the attractions of the clever ex
travaganza now holding the boards at the
popular opera-house.
The Sutro Baths.
The Sutro baths are daily growing more
popular. Yesterday fully 5000 people visited
the great build'ng. The Chinese troupe is
proving a drawing-card, and Mayor Sutro re
grets that their engagement cannot be ex
tended further than next Sunday.
Picture Sale— To make room for our whole
sale Motion Department on our second floor,
we shall sell off immediately a large numlicr
of ready-framed Pictures at half-price. This
is an opportunity for securing good pictures at
little cost that seldom occurs. Sauborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. »
NEURALGIA,
SORE THROAT,
SORE EYES,
SPRAINS AND BRUISES
QUICKLY RELIEVED AND CURED BY
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
It Sever Jtails to Relieve. Can't Hurt a Child. Costs itS Cents to Try It.
Any Druggist Ttitl Get it for lou. Study the Directions.
REPAVE MARKET STREET
Wheelmen of This City to Carry
the Petition on Their
Bikes.
The Cycle Board of Tn>dV Adopt a
"Blacklist" for Dishonest Pur
chasers.
"Repave Market street" will be the '96
cry and prayer of the wheelmen of San
Francisco, and to keep the request con
stantly before the public they will carry a
card with those printed words on their
machines.
This was the idea of Edwin Mohrig at a
meeting of the directors of the Cycle Board
of Trade at the Varney Cyclorama, corner
Market and Tenth streets, last evening.
He also incorporated in his motion to
have a great number of small "stickera"
with those words printed on them.
"My proposition," said he, "is to paste
these little bills oa every tiling that will
hold them. Get all the bicycle riders in
this City to bill every square foot of the
whole blessed town until we get a bitu
minous pavement on Market street."
The motion was carried unanimously by
the board of airectors, and it was ordered
that all bicycle-dealers and others be re
quested to use those magic words on their
printed matter; also to have cuts made of
the same for the newspapers, and endeavor
to have advertisers use them in their
space.
Under the subject of unfinished|business
before the board was the report of a com
mittee which had been appointed to in
quire into the best means of protecting
dealers from dishonest and irresponsible
installment buyers.
The committee recommended that a
'blacklist" be made out by the secretary of
the Cycle Board of Trade and the names
furnished to all dealers and proprietors of
cycleries as is being done in the East. It
was incorporated in the recommendation
to add to this the names of those
who abused the privilege of the guarantee
and attempted by the leverage of influence
in the clubs to obtain free concessions
from dealers. It was explained in thi» re
lation that often buyers would come back
after months' of use of a wheel and de
mand changes upon threats of blacklisting
that make at tneir respective clubs or
among their friends.
It was resolved by the board that the
wheelmen of this city work in unity for
three objects, viz.: (1) Kepave Market
street; (I!) light the park; (3) advocate
the adoption of the new city charter. Tue
secretary was ordered to notify all cycle
organizations of this proposition and in
vite their co-operation.
It was also ordered that all advertising
be confined to the daily papers and cycle
publications, and that no space would be
taken in circulars, programmes or in any
of the advertising schtmes constantly
being suggested to bicycle- dealers.
Neither would wheels be donated
for gate or other prizes to picnics or
like functions. It was suggested that the
Chief of Police be requested to detail an
officer to visit pawnbroker-shops daily and
ascertain the make and number of wheels
left there as pledges and notify the deal
ers of the same.
Upon motion E. T. Allen & Co. and
Huestin & Merton were appointed as mem
bers of the board and the meeting ad
journed to next Monday evening.
France has not forgotten Parnaentier,
for Mr. Kirchauff saw, in 188_', potatoes
growing on his grave in the grand ceme
tery of Pcre la Chaise, and was assured
that they were planted there every year,
so that his services might never be for
gotten by Frenchmen.
Country roads in China are never bound
ed by fences, but are entirely undefined.
While the farmer has a right to plow up
any road passing through his land drivers
of vehicles have an equal right — and they
exercise it — to traverse any part of the
country at large.
j NEW TO-DAY.
New To=day!
They Are
Stylish,
Durable,
Comfortable,
Reasonable.
Our 91 50 Tan Oxfords for Ladles: up-to-date ■
needle or narrow, square toe, V-shaped tip, cloth
or kid top, band-turned soles. All sizes and widths.
7hp mM,M
luu I -8 t
Children's and Misses' Russet Spring Heels, nar-
row square toe, V-shaped tip, straight foxed.
Sizes 5 to 8.... ...'. 75c
(Sizes Bij toll fl 00
Sizes liy 3 to 2 $1 25 .
The Secret of These Low Prices Lies
| In the fact that we own our building and are satia-
| tied to give the public in bargains the enormous
rent other shot-houses are paying.
1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTfetDdE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.,
Daily end Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11... . 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
Weekly Call, one. year, by mall 1.50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you pointr to the country on a vacation T i If
|O, it is no trouble for us to forward TilE CALL to
four address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main — 1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street,
telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
1:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
713 l.arklri street: open until 9:30 o'clock:. _■:/,;
EW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
»ntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Miatti street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICe :
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms SI and 82, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
TUESDAY APBIL 21,1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
California interests must have a show at
St. Louis.
Make it unanimous for an unpledged
delegation.
Some get into the swim at the festivals
and some just drift there.
It will be better to see Los Angeles this
week than to see her later.
It looks now as if the Democrats would
like to inveigle the Populists into their
faction fights.
There is more gold yet in California for
the average miner than in any other land
under the sun.
As & storm center Buluwayo is getting
the bulge on Havana and drawing the
eyes of the world.
The funding bill lobby has quit shouting
for a while and we may look out for sneak
tactics to be adopted next.
It is agreeable to the world now to let
Los Angeles have her own sweet way and
to applaud her in doing it.
Chauncey Depew has lost none of his
eloquence. He says California is the most
beautiful land he ever saw.
Now that Russia's hand in Korea has
been plainly disclosed. Japan is in doubt
whether to step on it or shake.
Some one of the Cabinet offices of the
next administration should be made to
hunt its man in this commonwealth.
Alaskan gold fields should be left to men
who have money to burn to keep them
selves warm when the freeze-outs come.
What grinds Lord Salisbury most is that
he cannot send his famous flying squadron
into Central Africa to dazzle the dervishes.
It seems as easy to run a prediction
bureau as to roll off a log, and perhaps
there is not much difference between the
jobs.
So long as Great Britain has a surplus
and the United States a deficiency the
tariff issue in this country will be a burn
ing one.
Before the Democrats undertake to com
bine with the Populists they had better
learn how to combine with themselves a
little bit.
The experiment with Democratic free
trade shows it means a tariff that para
lyzes borne industries and sets those of the
foreigner free.
By going to St. Louis unpledged the
California deleeation will stand a good
chance to come home with the pledge of a
Cabinet office.
Democracy should whirl in and run a
syndicate or a junta for the Presidency
and thns get rid of a whole lot of old
chromos at one graceful stroke.
The only defender of the administration
in the Senate is D,avid Bennett Hill, and he
never fails to repeat in every speech that
he doesn't visit the White House.
It is admitted that Cleveland can have
all that he wishes of Eastern Democracy
this year, for it seems he has not left
enougn for any one else to care to scramble
about it.
From the chilliness of the spring all
over the world it would seem that Dr.
Nansen must have opened a way to let the
north pole spread itself southward a
good deal.
Kaisar William's insistence that the
custom of dueling shall be maintained in
Germany is probably due to some extent
to the consciousness that he will never
have to fight one.
Senator Peffer may be a crank, but if he
keeps his bill for the investigation of the
bond deals moving right along the people
will not be sorry that ihere is one such
crank in the Congressional mill.
No Republican in California should be
willing to sacrifice the interests of the
State for the sake of a personal prefer
ence among candidates all of whom are
equally eminent in the party and faithful
to its principles.
The expansion of trade in England has
led to a wonderful outbreak of activity in
shipbuilding on the Clyde, and in the
meantime the Democratic deficit and de
pression are holding us back while our
rivals get ahead of us.
There is hardly any need of argument to
prove to sensible people that to fund the
Pacific roads debts for 2 per cent while
the Government itself has to pay more
than that would be not only a blunder in
business but a crime in politics.
As the discussion continues concerning
the attitude California should take at St.
Louis, it becomes every day more evident
tbat the main issue in the eyes of Repub
licans generally is not which candidate
shall be nominated for the Presidency, but
what can be done to advance the interests
of the State. In other words, "measures
and not men" is becoming the prevailing
sentiment of the party.
AN UNHOLY ALLIANCE.
The reported efforts of certain would-be
leaders among the Democrats and the
Populists to arrange for a combination of
those parties to carry the Congressional
elections in California this fall have a cer
tain importance growing out of the fact
that some scheme of the kind would be a
natural outcome of the situation. The
chances of each party in this campaign are
slight. Their office-seekers are desperate.
They are aware that if either attempts to
make a straight right throughout the State
it will be overwhelmingly defeated in every
Congressional district. What is more nat
ural, therefore, than that the hungry
seekers for spoils should act upon the
principle that half a loaf is better than no
bread, and agree to pool their chances and
make a combination that promises a vic
tory here and there?
It is only to the office-seekers of the two
parties, however, that such a combination
seems natural or even practicable. The
principles that underlie Democracy are
wide as the poles asunder from those that
infuse Populism. It is from the logical
application of Democratic principles to
practical politics that comes the extreme
conservative creed known as Bourbonism,
while from the philosophy of Populism
there flow forth all the innumerable
vagaries of radicalism gone crazy. On
what platform of principles or even of
measures can the loyal members of these
parties combine? Shall the Bourbon turn
radical or the radical turn Bourbon? Is it
that we shall see both Bourbon and radi
cal sacrifice every principle of his creed in
order to help some greedy office-seeker
gratify his desire?
That the Populist leaders should be
■willing to enter into such a combination
is not strange. Most of them have been
making politics a bargain and sale busi
ness ever since tney entered it. They
have been as ready to combine with Re
publicans in the Southern States as with
Democrats in the North. They nave much
to gain by such combinations and little to
lose. They have no history, no tradition,
no prestige, no party loyalty to sacrifice
in making the trade. Their policies for
the most part include such socialistic
measures as are wholly out of the domain
of practical politics, and about the only
practical politics in sight for tliern. there
fore, is the getting of offices and spoils in
any manner possible.
Widely different from the condition of
the Populists is that of the Democrats.
They are members of one of the old his
toric parties of the country Their his
tory contains the illustrious names of Jef
ferson, Jackson, Marcy and Douglas. If
it also happens to contain the name of
Cleveland that is because the leaders of
the party once committed the blunder of
making a combination with the Mug
wumps. It is from such alliances that
such statesmen come forth. After having
this experience one would suppose the
most stupid of Democrats would have
sense enough to stick to straight politics
hereafter. It is clear that such a combi-»
nation as is talked of with the Populists
would mean the surrender of the Demo
cratic party in half the State and would
imply such a degree of demoralization as
would render it impossible for the leaders
to bring out the party vote to carry the
scheme through.
Republicans can watch the proposed
deal with serene mind?. After the disas
trous experiment with Democratic blun
dering in National affairs there is no
danger the people will repeat that experi
ment with Populists added to Democrats.
There will be no experiments this year.
The people are now ea^er to see business
resumed, industry revived, wages restored
and prosperity re-established. No possible
combination can stand against their deter
mination to bring this about. They will
vote the Republican ticket and straight
politics will win.
THE BATTLE OPENS.
This week will see the beginning of a
strange contest in Congress— the fight over
the railroad funding bill. It seems to be
taken for granted that the bill to be intro
duced in both houses was drawn in accord
ance with the wishes of the railroads con
cerned, and that its submission for final
action is made with the assurance that it
will receive the support of the railroad in
fluence in Congress. This means to say
simply that even from a common-sense
business point of view the debtor is dicta
ting his terms of settlement to the ci editor."
Tbis would seem a humorous situation
were not the principles at stake so im
portant and far reaching.
Meanwhile there are some comforting
reflections. Not only has Senator Mor
gan's illness relaxed in severity, but the
general movement for an early adjourn
ment of Congress is gaining headway.
This is the year for a Presidential election,
and that means an inclination to be inat
tentive and a desire to enter the fight.
At this writing it seems impossible for the
funding bill to be disposed of before ad
journment. As a candidate for the Presi
dency Speaker Reed must realize the
gravity of hastening action in the
House. The Senate is really the more
uncertain quantity from the railroad point
of view. In that body a strong united
movement against the measure has been
organized, and with so experienced a tacti
cian as Senator Morgan in the lead, we
may expect an earnest strugele. Should
Congress adjourn before the bill is finally
disposed of, a new political issue will have
been presented to the parties in the West.
The great difficulty under which we now
iabor is the refusal of a large element in
the East to regard the subject in any light
other than that of an em harassed debtor
who asks for an extension of time in which
to settle. The task of those upholding the
deeper and broader principles involved is
one of education. The stronger part of
the Western sentiment opposing the fund
ing bill has its inspiration in an under
standing due to a bitter experience foreign
to the East, and does not concern itself
with the desires of the debtor roads or with
any wish for reprisal on the part of the im
mediate enemies which they have made.
Our duty is to broaden the Eastern view by
persistent instruction. It is better to do
this and to win on these lines than to
chafe under what seems, in the absence
of a full understanding, to be a con
temptuous disregard of Western interests
manifested by the East.
A BRILLIANT FESTIVAL.
The great fiesta at Los Angeles opens to
day and undoubtedly will eclipse in splen
dor all other efforts of the kind heretofore
made by that city. It is interesting to
contemplate the remarkably rapid devel
opment of the festival idea in California—
particularly at Los Angeles and Santa
Barbara, where the beginning was made,
and to contemplate the possibilities for
the future. The greatest spectacular show
in America is the annual celebration of
Mardi Gras at New Orlean-. That was of
slow growth, beginning generations ago
on the loose and unorganized lines estab
lished at Rome and Pariß many centuries
past. Out of this disjointed start grew
powerful secret non-religious societies
composed of wealthy persons and main
tained solely for the purpose of producing
dazzling pageants by a heavy expenditure
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 1596.
of money. The practical benefits flowing
from enormous incursions of visitors
doubtless served as a leading motive. The
zenith of the grandeur of these spectacles
was leached forty years ago and there has
since been no diminution of interest.
The California festivals are proceeding
on less firmly established lines. They are
the spontaneous expression of a people
happy in the pleasures which living in
California brings them and are not the
product of strongly organized bodies of
citizens working untiringly for the com
mon good. And yet Southern California
is holding its festivals through a popular
and unorganized co-operation fully as
effective as that of the sworn societies of
New Orleans. The same principle holds
true in the Northern California cities that
realize the value of these spectacles. Time
alone will determine whether the Cali
fornia plan of open co-operation is as
effective as the New Orleans idea of secret
societies having exactly the same and no
other motive.
Los Angeles has chosen the most de
lightful time of the year for its great fiesta.
The oranges are gone but tne gardens are
all riotous with bloom, and as the rainy
season has passed the air has all the bril
liant clearness of summer with the sweet
ness and fragrance of spring. Visiting
strangers will note with a refreshing sense
of pleasure the lons miles of perfectly
clean bituminous streets, the elegance of
private homes, the lavish fondness of the
people for their gardens and the pervad
ing air of prosperity, buoyancy and con
tent. It is worth every Californian's time
to visit Los Angeles now and learn how
superior intelligence and pride may make
the most of the blessings which nature
has lavished upon the State.
THE VOICE OF THE BANK AND
TILE.
It is true beyond any ground for doubt
that the rank and file of the party are now
favoring an unpledged delegation to St.
Louis, and it is all the more important be
cause the rank and file of the Republican
party in California represent the commer
cial, the financial and the industrial inter
ests of the State in a large degree. They
see that California will have much to ask
at the hands of the National Convention.
A well-established merchant marine, coast
defenses and river and harbor improve
ments and plans for beginning of the con
struction of the Nicaragua canal are
among the most important of California's
needs, and the business men of the party
want that our delegates shall go unpledged
to everything save to the great funda
mental principles of the party and to the
interests of this Statue and ncr metropolis.
There was a disposition on the part of
the rank and file of the party awdile ago
to pronounce in advance for one o^ the
other of the leading candidates, but upon
second thought it was the opinion of very
many that California could not afford to
take a position of antagonism toward any
candidate, for, while our delegates will
pledge the electoral votes of this State to
the nominee, it is the sentiment of only a
very small following that California should
overlook the opportunity the convention
will offer for solid work for this State and
espouse the cause of this or that aspirant
for Presidential honor-". The St. Louis
convention will be California's oppor
tunity to ask for and receive much, but
we can ask for nothing nor expect any
thing if we start in upon lines of antago
nism to any one. California wants and
should have assurances of recognition of
her commercial and industrial needs, and,
too, California wants to be represented in
the Cabinet and the next administration.
These are matters of too vast importance
to this State to be forgotten in a struggle
for the supremacy of any individual. The
principles of the party and the best inter
ests of California are all that our dele-
gates should be pledged to. But the sen
timent of the rank and file of the party in
California is becoming so pronounced for
an unpledged delegation that it may be
considered as good as settled that only
'•The Principle of the Republican Party
and California's Best Interests " will be
emblazoned upon the banner of our dele
gation.
THE CHICKADEES.
When the original Sacramento Union
waged against railway monopoly the war
that brought death to the then great news
paper Sam Seabau .h (peace to his manes)
dubbed tlie country press ttiat in several
instances defended and apologized for the
common enemy "chickadees." In these
latter days a far more effectual method of
negative use for the rural press is working
in behalf of the now more experienced
monopolists. It consists simply in the
dumbness or pepping indifference of the
chicks. Probably this costs little or noth-
ing to its beneficiaries and is a great deal
more profitable to them than any possible
positive support from the chicks could be.
That a large portion of the country press is
not complaining gives color of honesty to
the statement made by Huntington at
Washington that a majority of the Califor
nia press favor his projects. Silence in
general does mean acquiescence, and in
this instance it i? golden to him; yet he
and they know full well that to defend
him in type would be death to the "chick
adees."
AN UNNECESSARY SCARE.
The latest reports from the fruit centers
of the State show, as reports always do
under similar circumstances, that the un
commonly severe weather of the past
week has not been so destructive as at
first announced. Hardships for which
there is ;io repair have been suffered in
restricted localities, but the great body of
the State has issued smiling from the
ordeal. What has been lost in one section
has been gained in another. Taking into
account the inlinite variety of climates
and situations in even the fruit-growing
area 3, it is easy to understand why no
sweeping injury to crops need ever be ex
pected in California. The situation is
totally different from that in those States
where such a variety does not exist. That
means to say that in this regard California
stands alone among the States.
Such weather as we have recently had
does not come oftener than once in ten or
twenty years, and that makes its advent
all the more dismaying. Possibly it would
be better for us were these visitations more
frequent, as in that case we should be bet
ter prepared to employ available means
for averting the dangers which they
threaten. It has been only this year, and
late in the season, that simple, inexpen
sive and efficacious means for preventing
damage by adventitious frosts were dis
covered. The experience of the past week
will make their preparation for use here
after a clear measure of wisdom.
It is interesting to note the general free
dom of foothill orchards from this frosty
assault. The greater part of the damage
suffered was in the valleys, at much lower
altitudes than the foothills. This phe
nomenon is not difficult of comprehension
when we reflect that in closed valleys we
find conditions favorable to still air and
consequently frost, and that in the foot
hills, where the normal temperature is
lower, frost is prevented by air currents,
among them being the ascending warm
air iroui the valleys. Tlie value of loot
hill land for orchard purposes is steadily
rising as these facts become better under
stood. At the same time we should not
lose sight of the fact that even in the val
leys we have easy means at hand for pre
venting damage.
A MONSTER VASE.
There has just been placed in the Hopkins
Art Institute one of the finest examples of Jap
anese bronze work in existence. It is a vase,
or incense-burner, and as far as known there
are not more than a dozen others like it, and
they are all in Japan. Mrs. Phcebe A. Hearst
is the owner, and tne vase arrived from the
Orient but a few weeks ago. It was not un
packed until it was taken to the institute, so
that it is now exhibited for the first time.
During the World's Fair there was a vase
somewhat similar shown by the Japanese Gov
ernment, but it is not believed to have been
sold in this country.
The vase placed in the Art Institute is a little
over 14 feet in height and the weight is esti
mated at about a ton. It is the work of the
famous Japanese artist Suzuki Mosayoshi of
Tokio, Japan, aud he was several years in exe
cuting it. It contains over a hundred separate
pieces, fastened together in different ways.
Every square inch of the surface of tne vase
is elaborately decorated with inscriptions
Monster Japanese Vase or Incense-
Burner, Lately Placed in the Art
Institute.
[From a sketch.]
Even the smallest pendants are covered with
Japanese characters. The base is of solid
bronze and is about G feet in diameter. Stand
ing on this are eight Shishis, or guardians of
the temple, supporting the upper portion of
the vase. Just above mese is a representation
of Deo, the fire dragon. The bandies represent
Tatsus, or rain drunons.
On the bowl of the vase there is a panel em
bellished wi'h the figures of Prince Izanagi
and Princess Amaums Oral. No. Kami, the
parents of the first Emperor of Japau, who it
is claimed descended from the gods. On the
top of the vase there is a ligure of a sacred
eagle.
Every known process of bronze work is made
use o:. Part* of it are cast and others are
carved from the metal In many places there
is some elaborate inlaid work.
THE LIFTING OF THE MIST.
All day lonst tuo vapors played
At blindfold in the city streets, - '
Their elfin fingers caught and stayed .
The sunbeams at they wound their sheets
Into a rilmy barricade ;■
'Twixt earth and where the sunlight beats.
A vagrant band of mischief, these, -
With wing of gray and cobweb gown;
They live aion? the edste of seas,
And creeping on on foot of down.
They chase and frolic, frisk and tease
At blind-man's buff with all the town.
And when at eventide the sun ■".■ ■■' ■'•>
Breaks with a glory through their gray,
The vapor-fairies one by one
Outspread their wings and float away
In clouds of color. and run ■■.:■:■■-■.
Wlut-llke along the rim of day. .
Athwart the bpauiy and the breast
Of purpling airs ilicy twist and twist,
Then float away to some far rt'.st,
.Leaving ihe BkU»-< all color-kiss'a—
A glorious nnd golden West
Thttt greets the lifting of the mist.
Paui.ink Johnston.
SHOULD NOT BE PLEDGED.
Nevada City Transcript.
it seems to be the general sentiment that the
delegates to the Republican National Conven
tion should not be pledged to any particular
candidate. There is talk of California getting
a Cabinet office, and the delegates, if not
pledged, will be in a better position to de
mand recognition.
FOLITICAL GOSSIP.
Amid all the Presidential possibilities men
tioned no one has thought of Waite of bloody
bridle fame.— St. Louis Republic.
It is doubtful if ex-Governor Campbell's plan
to save the Democratic party would survive
the test of a popular vote.— New York Press.
If the Senator from South Carolina carries
out his threat he will in the future be known
as Hon. Ben Bolt Tillman.— Chicago Times-
Herakl.
As it stands now, if Reed, Allison, McKinley,
Cullotn or Quay rau'i get it, and Mrs. Dimmick-
Harrison is willing, Benjamin will accept it
himself.— Wichita Engle.
There are Democrats in Pennsylvania who
are disposed to look upon Mr. Pattison's candi
dacy for office as a piece of shop-worn political
goods.— Washington Post.
The McKinley people speak of Governor
Bradlej as "the man from Kentucky with a
little bunch of whiskers at his chin, and who
called out the troops."— St. Louis Republic
If Mr. Platt took the Morton boom along with
him to Florida he should be careful not to
leave it out of doors at night. It would be
simply pie for the alligatorE.— New York Mail
and Express.
A man 107 years old is alive at Jeffersonville,
Ind. His chief indorsement as to age is that
he distinctly remembers a time when neither
William R. Morrison nor Russell A. Alger was
an aspirant for office of some kind.— Chicago
Record.
A story is going the rounds that the last man
to spank Stephen Grover Cleveland has just
died out in California. There is a manifest
error somewhere. Mr. Vest's name has been
purposely ignored in this connection, and he
is still alive, too.— Philadelphia Press.
President Harrison's administration paid off
$273,074,200 of the principal of the interest
bearing National debt, reducing the interest
charge $12,484,937 per jear. And Democratic
papers have not yet got through accusing it of
"squandering the surplus. " — Poughkeepsie
Eagle.
Speaking of his California trip Dr. Depew
says thai all the people at the small stations
addressed him as Chauncey, as though they'd
known him all their lives, and referred to Mc-
Kinley- as Mac. From this Dr. Depew infers
that he and Mac are decidedly popular. — St.
Louis Star.
HOME INDUSTRIES.
Pacific Tree and Vine.
Charles M. Shortridge. editor of The Call,
San Francisco, has doubtless had much influ
ence in determining that the ironwork of the
new Call building Bhould be purchased from
the local rolling-mills. The plan of the build-
Ing was so made that iron within the range of
the San Francisco mills could be used. This is
not only carrying out a policy, but is a sound
business proposition, as well.
PERSONAL.
Hugo Richards of Phoenix, Ariz., reached
here last night.
C. E. Apperson, a business man of Santa
Cruz, is in the City.
L. H. Russell, a business man of Legrande,
Or., is on a visit here. He is at the Grand.
M. H. Mather, who is interested in a rioh
plumbago mine in the Sierra foothills, is at the
Occidental.
Wiley J. Tir.nin of Fresno, ex-Surveyor of
the Port of San Francisco, came up from the
south last night.
J. irankel, a prominent business man of
Lakeview, Or., is in the City. He registered at
the Lick House.
The Rev. Father Peter Joseph Jeram, presi
dent of the Eden Valley Colony, Sonoma
County, is in town.
David Starr Jordan, president of the Stanford
University, was among those who yesterday
registered at the Occidental.
Among the arrivals here yesterday was Dr.
A. M. Charlet of New Orleans, who is on a
pleasure tour, accompanied by his wife.
Sheriff S. D. Ballou and County Clerk John
Whicher, of San Luis Obispo county, are at
the Grand. They brought ud some prisoners
assigned to San Quentin.
Warden Charles Aull of the Folsom State
Prison arrived here last night, accompanied by
Mrs. Aull. The warden saya it is the intention
to start the rock crusher by May 15.
J. K. Choate of Denver, formerly a promi
nent railroad man of Colorado, and now presi
dent of the Denver Cotton Mills Company, ar
rived here last night from Southern California.
Charles E. Frost of Pasadena, who some
months since was interested in starting a large
cannery at Yallejo, and who is now interested
In a similar enterprise in the South, is at the
Grand.
J. E. Davis, one of the millionaires of Butte,
Mont., who has lived there and elsewhere in
the inter-mountain country for many years, is
at the Palace. Mr. Davis is extensively inter
ested in mines.
J. G. Eagleson, the well-known Market street
merchant, returned last night from an exten
sive visit to Los Angeles, Pasadena, San Diego
and other points. Mrs. Eagleson was with him.
They are at the Grand.
Baron de la Grange of Paris, who owns gold
placer mines In Trinity countyl and who ar
rived here a few days ago from Colorado, where
he has other mining interests, has gone to
IVeaverville in reference to his Caliofrnia
mines.
Julio Guteirrez, the young and interesting son
of President Guteirrez, of Salvador, was among
the arrivals on the steamer Zealandia yes
terday. He is about fourteen years old. The
young gentleman is visiting with the family of
his uncle on Pine street.
J. F. McDonell, secretary of the Virginia City
(Nev.) Miners' Union, is in the City, serving as
a delegate to the Grand Council of the Order
of Chosen Friends. Mr. McDonell is accom
panied by his daughter, Hin Josie McDonell,
and 'his niece, Miss Lilly Burke.
L. Dreyfoos, a business man of Everett,
Wash., the terminal town of the Great North
ern Railroad on Puget Sound, was among yes
terday's arrivals. Mr. Dreyfoos has been a
resident of Everett ever since the town was
started five years ago. It now has about 6000
inhabitants.
Chief of Police Bolton Rogers of Seattle, who
has been in office for the past two years, and
who has had sundry experiences of a thrilling
character with the army of adventurers who
thronged to tnat part of Puget Sound during
the boom days, is among the arrivals here. He
is quartered at the Baldwin.
Scipio Craig, the versatile editor of the Red
lands Citrograph, one of the best-paying news
paper properties on the Pacific Coast and an
authority on citrus fruits, arrived here yester
day. He says ReOl anas and neighborint? towns
in Southern California are quite active. A
great many tourists have visited that part of
the State duringt he past few months.
General W. P. Tiliotson, who formerly re
sided at Tacoma and was a member of the
Legislature of Wa*hington and afterward ap
pointed by President HRrrison as Consul-Gen
eral from the United States to Japan , is at the
Grand. General Tiliotson has recently located
at Redding, where he has entered in the prac
tice of his profession, that of the law. A. G.
fcimeon of Redding came down with him.
J. H. Lippincott, the great publisher of Phil
adelphia, whose house, which was founded
many years ago, has in its time published some
of the most famous works of leading American
literateurs, is en joyine himself here for a few
days. He has lately been visiting Los Angeles,
Santa Bjirbnra and other points. He is ac
companied by Miss Lippincott and Mrs. J. E.
Penneck of Philadelphia. One of the latest
and most conspicuous books that Mr. Lippin
cott has undertaken to publish is Bill Nye's
humorous history of England. The eminent
publisher intends soon to start on his return
East.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., April iO.-At the Murray
Hili, \V. Babeock; Amsterdam, Miss M. Y. X.
Bunner, Miss M. V. N. Townsend; Holland,
Mr. and Mrs. M. Ehrman, Miss Khrman, A.
Friedman; Astor, R. L. Furey; St. Denis, C.
Gehut; St. Nicholas, G. Imbier; Normandie, B.
T. Lacy; Hoffman. Mrs. C. M. Richie, Miss
Richie, B. G. A'oss; Brunswick, A. Sehwiner;
Metropole, B. Brunn, M. Wunsch; Windsor,
H. L. E. Meyer. The following sailed on the
steamship Havel for Bremen via Southamp
ton: H. J. Arkell, John Balz, Miss Adeline
Boschen, Mrs. Wilhelmine Brunuing, Miss
Millie Brunning, C. Gehert, Richard Herz, Mr.
and Mrs. August Olson, Mr. and Mrs. A. H.
Schann, W. sfagehorn, Miss Anna Sagehorn, Mr.
and Mrs. Ernest F. Taum and family aud Miss
Frieda Wacker.
A WONDERFUL RECORD.
Ban Bernardino Sun.
Under Charles If. Shortridge's management
The Call has made a wonderful record, but its
success is not difficult to account for, and it
points a moral that other publishers might
well take to heart. The curse of the San Fran
cisco press has been its tendency toward sen
sationalism. The news most eagerly sought
for by publishers was that of a scandalous
character, and it was always written up in an
attractive manner— the salacious was empha
sized, and the more vulgar the details the
greater particularity was given them. Short
ridge adopted another plan. He judged that
the people of San Francisco would concede
liberal support to a paper which was clean
enough to be taken into the famiiy circle. The
event justified his judgment. It does sot fol
low, however, that in order to publish a decent
paper it is necessary to suppress news. It is
as necessary for the safety of society for the
press to expose wrong-doing as it is for the
courts to punish it. But there are two ways of
handling vice in the press. The better, the
decenter, way is that adopted by The Call,
and it is to be hoped other journals in the
coast metropolis may follow the example.
ONLY A FAIR CHANCE.
Captain John Codman goes far astray in one
of our local Democratic newspapers in attack
ing the Oceanic Steamship Company because it
asks an added compensation of $80,000 for
carrying the Australian mails, and the Boston
Journal because it favors the proposition.
This compensation is not desired, because a
"ring of domestic ship-builders" has com
pelled the company to pay a "needless and
excessive price" for its American-built ships,
as Captain Codman intimates. The company
Reeks no consideration on that point whatever.
It has been running its vessels for eight or ten
years, and has operated them successfully ; but
now the conditions have changed. Coveting
the trade which the line has brought to San
Francisco merchants and the prestige which it
£ a ! W 2 U 'or the American flag in the Antipo
des, the British and Canadian Governments
have established a rival line of British steam
ships between Vancouver and Australia.
-oo Britisn line receives a subsidy of $14,
--?« «?« r - : n yag & whlch is aDout t0 be increased
™i !'/<?■* I he Am erican steamers receive
onl> $4b1040 per voyage from our Govern
ment for carrying the mails, and also $5769
from New Zealand— that is, a British colony
actually deals more generously with these
American steamers than the United States it
self does. The increased subsidy of $80,000 is
asked for merely as an offset to the British
subsidy and to give the American line a fair
fighting chance against its British competitor.
This is the situation in a nutshell The in
creased compensation is sure to be granted by
Congress, and it cannot.be and will not be ob
jected to by any American who has a spark of
genuine patriotism in his composition.—
Journal. -
AN-WERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Correspondents should not fee! disappointed if
their questiont are not answered immediately. In
many cases the information solicited requires con
siderable research and delay. The answers ap
pear in the order in which tiny are turned in and
as soon as spaa will permit.
The name and address of the writer should ac
company letters of inquiry, not for publicatiuti, but
to enable the tditor in charge of this department to
correspond with the writer, if necessary, to obtain
a clearer idea of what is wanted.
Easter in 1847— W. H., City. Easter Sun
day, 1847, fell on the 4tb of April.
Gas Bill Collectors— J. R., Alameda, Cal.
The salary of collectors of gas bills in San
Francisco is $1500 a year.
Paris Exposition— S., City. The year 1900 is
the year named for the openine of the next ex
position in the city of Paris, France.
School Trdsiee— lnquirer, Eaglesville, Modoc
County, Cal. A School Trustee being elected
to pertorm certain public duties is a public
officer.
Concealed Weapons— S. T. D. C, Forbes
town, Butte County, Cal. A traveler in this
State may carry v firearm or other weapon con
cealed while on a journey.
San Pablo Cave— l. M. D., City. The tree
cave recently described in The Call and
located at Point San Pablo may be reached
from either San Pablo or Pinole.
A Billion— F. D., City. In writing a billion
in figures the people of the United States and
of France use 1,000,000,000. while the people
ot England write 1,000,000,000,000.
Louis XI— J. C, Oakland, Cal. The version
of Louis XI presented by Sheridan is by Ca
mille de la Vigne, while that presented by
Tom Keene was written by Boucicault.
The Queen's Secretary— D. C, Los Ange
les, Cal. Sir Henry Pcmsonby, private secre
tary to Queen Victoria, died on the 21st of last
November and was succeeded by Lieutenant-
Colonel Sir Arthur John Bigge, K.C.B. and
R.A.
Insanity— G. N., City. Insanity is not one of
the grounds for divorce in this State. The fact
that a wife is an unfortunate inmate of an asy
lum for the insane will not give the husband
the right to apply for a divorce because she is
such an inmate.
Private Business— A. S., City. There is no
law that empowers the Legislature or munici
pul authorities to regulate the amount that
either a physician in his private practice may
charge his Datient, or the amount, that in pri
vate cases an undertaker may charge for his
services.
Poll Tax— Reader, Minturn, Madera County,
Cal. If a person pays poll tax in San Francisco
that exempts him from the payment of that
tax for that year in any other county of the
State, but it will not exempt him from the
payment of special school or road tax in an
other county.
Guide of San Francisco— S. T. D. C, Forbes
town, Butte County, Cal. Any first-class book
seller will be able to furnish you a copy of a
guidebook of the City and County of Sau Fran
cisco. The California State Board of Trade,
this City, can furnish you matter that will give
you information of the City and County.
Watches— A. D.. City. The man who says
that as good watches cannot be made in the
United States as are made in foreign countries
betrays his ignorance of the watch industry in
this country. As line watches as are made in
the world can b? made in the United States,
provided the party wishing an extra fine one
will pay the price asked.
The Rkd Sea— C. F. R., Langlois, Curry
County, Or. The length of the Red Sea is 1450
miles, and the width at the entrance, Bad-El-
Mandeb, is twenty miles; the Persian Gulf is
550 miles long, and the entrance is fifty-five
miles wide ; the Straits of Gibralter are one and
a half miles long and three-quarters of a mile
wide.
Foreign Population— J. N. R., Grass Valley,
Nevada County, Cal. The population of Bog-
Land is 27,499,984; that of Wales 1,501,034;
of Scotland, 4,063,103. That of France is 38,
--218,903. These are the figures of 1891. The
latest figures are as follows: England, 27,
--483,491; Wales, 1,776,405, including Mon
mouth; Scotland, 1,025,647; France, 38,343,
--192.
Easter Sunday— S. W. f Cal. The following is
the rule for finding Easter Sunday: Easter Sun
any is always the fii>t Sunday after the full
moon which happens upon or next after
the 21st of March, and if a full moon happens
on Sunday then taster Sundny is the Sunday
after. This year the 21st of March, was on Sat
urday, the full moon happened on Sunday, the
29th,"consequently Easter tell on the iollowing
Sunday, April 5.
A Mineral Find— C. J. R., Los Angeles, Cal.
If a man has taken up a homestead of 160
acres according to law, has complied with all
the requirements and has received his patent
from the United States, no one has a right to
go upon that land without his Dermlssion. If
there should happen to be any mineral upon
the land no one but the owner would have any
right to it. In other words, no one has a right
to locnte a mining claim on the private prop
erty of another.
Lunar Craters— C. F., City. The number of
lunar craters is not known, but is said to be
very large. A scientific journal recently pub
lished the following on the subject: "A large
lunar map by Schmidt in 1878 includes about
32,000 of these craters seen on the moon's
surface, some of thorn very deep. They are bur
rounded by ramparts, or walls raised above the
general level. The mountains are propor
tionately high. One peak named Newton has
an elevation of 24,000 feet."
Xordenskjold— J. A. X., City. Baron Eric
Nordenskjold, pronounced as if written nawr
den-shold, was born in Helsingfors, Finland,
November 18, 1832. lie was educated at the
university in his native place. He became pro
ficient in his favorite studies, but the Russian
Government suspected him of designs against
the country, and forced him to leave Finland,
to which place he was not permitted to return
for several years. In 1858 he was professor of
mineralogy at Stockholm, and afterward he
was a member of several Arctic expeditions,
some of which he organized. He made a care
ful exploration of Spitzenbergen, made a map
of the country and visited Greenland in 1870.
He served two years as a member of the
Swedish Diet, surveyed a part of the North
east Land in 1873, and made other voyages of
exploration and discovery. In 1878 he started
on a voyage to the north pole, and in his en
deavors discovered the Northeast passage and
reached Japan the following year. He was
created Baron in 1880, and received several
foreign decorations. In 1883 he led an expedi
tion north, which went farther toward the in
terior of Greenland than any previous one had
done.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The late Congressman William H. Cram of
Texas was one of the best classical scholars
ever sent to Congress. It is said that he knew
the "Iliad" and the great Greek tragedies
almost bj heart.
Professor C. E. Hite of Philadelphia i 9 pre
paring to send a scientific expedition into the
interior of Labrador during the coming sum
mer. It will include representatives of Har
vard, Columbia, the University of Chicago and
the University of lowa.
Tne Duchess of Abercorn holds a record.
Four great-grandchildren were born to her in
one day recently. One of her granddaughters
had a son, another a daughter, and a third
twins. She was heard to remark that great
oaks from little Abercorns grow.
Recent sales of autographs in London show
that Mark Twain's signature is worth 12 shil
lings and 6 pence. Bret Harte's 8, Andrew
Lang's 6, and Rider Haggard's 3. Mrs.
Humphry Ward's chirography is considered
worth 6 shillings, while Southley's is only 15.
Charles T. Yerkes' New York mansion is to
be a regular palace. Mrs. Yerkes' boudoir is
being finished regardless of expense. The
decorations alone will cost in the neighbor
hood of $25,000. One of the special features
is the perfumed wood used for paneling in
every available form.
No vassal or independent sovereign has ever
sent so valuable gifts to the Queen of England
as the Ameer of Afghanistan, wh^se offerines
are estimated to be worth over $600,000. The
presents were selected with the aid of Miss
Hamilton, the Englishwoman who has become
the court physician of the Ameer.
Prince Boris, so European journals hint, was
not admitted to the Orthodox Church in a
really orthodox manner. The difficulty is said
to arise from the holy oils used in the act of
consecration. The oils of the Bulgarian branch
of the Orthodox Church are not recognized by
Russian theologians as efficacious, so that
Prince Boris, according to Russian ideas, really
i belongs to no religion whatever.
CURRENT HUMOR.
Wife (to her husband who is a great criminal
lawyer and who has tound fault with the din
ner—There you go again, always finding fault
with my cooking. You never see any redeem
ing qualities in me. and yet you have an ex
cuse for every murderer that comes along.—
Philadelphia inquirer.
Mr. Jones— There is such a dear little squir
rel out in the tree.
Chappie— Does he turn up his tail ?
Mr. Jones— Yi-s.
Chappie— Weli, that must be the very squir
rel that I saw up in tne mountains last Sun
day .—Milwaukee Catholic Citizens.
Copy-reader- Here's a dispatch about a two
headed girl born in Alabama. What shall Ido
with it ?
Night Editor— Put a double head over it, of
course, and mark it small caps.— Chicago Tri
bune.
Bobby (reading fairy tale)— May, here it says,
"The prince and the princess kept up a bril
liant fire of repartee." What does that mean ?
May (with a long-drawn sigh)— Oh, that
means that they were married and firing the
tea set at each other, I s'pose.— Judge.
A— ls that really true ?
B— My dear fellow, I always tell the truth,
but this is an absolute fact.— Tit-Bits.
Pinxit— Hear about Sneers ? He has been
suffering with the St. Viius dance for more
than a week.
D'Aubyr— Lucky dog ! He can turn out post
ers to perfection now, can't he?— lndianapolis
Journal.
Friend— How does it happen that you have
so many Japanese things in your room ?
Young Wife— Just before I was married the
contents of a Japanese store were sold at auc
tion. All these things are wedding presents—
Fliegende Blatter.
INFANT'S SHORT DRESS.
A graceful model is here shown, which hangs
straight from a round yoke. The sleeves are
the comfortable and stylish bishop shape.
Deep flouncing is ufed for dressy gowns, and
If not too heavily embroidered make nice
dresses for general wear, embroidering of sim
ple patterns wearing better than heavy ones.
The saving of labor in the finish at the foot is
also an object to folks who make these gar
ments at home.
Embroidered flouncing of plain colored ging
hams are pretty if white grows monotonous.
For white cambric dresses, yokes of white
fabrics that come already tucked, are labor
saving and prettier than plain fabrics. Th«
ruffle around the yoke on such simple gowns
is of the fabric, with perhaps an edge of nar
row lace or embroidery.
Where exquisitely dainty frocks are desired,
nainsook or batiste is used. A band embroid
ery of the same fabric, with the pattern form
ing & straight edge that is open is used iv lieu
of neck and sleeve bands. This is put on with
a French seam, making a neat finish.
Strangers, take home Townsend's California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market, Palace Hotel.
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
• — * — • .■:•■■■
Vernal Fastidiousness— signs of spring
out your way, Mr. Gobbidge?" "Vis, sor; me
billygoat won't ate a tincan widout it's got a
grane label onto it."— Chicago Record.
To purify the blood, restore the lost appetite and
build up the whole system take Hood's Sarsa
parilla. The necessity of a spring medicine U
universally admitted. Take only Hood's.
Impoetast Change of Time.— The 12th Inst.
the Northern Pacific Railroad inaugurated a double
daily passenger service between Portland and St.
Paul, making a saving of ten hours between Port
land and Chicago. These are the fastest and finest
equipped trains that ever were run out of the Pa
cific Northwest. The superior accommodations ia
our passenger equipment recommend our line to
all. Ours is the only line that runs dining-cars oat
of Portland. T. K. STATELEK, general agent,
638 Market street. San Francisco.
Db. SncoEßT'B Angostura Bitters, the world
renowned South American appetizer and Invlgo
rator, cures dyspepsia, diarrhea, fever and ague.
Thboat Diseases commence with a Cough,
Cold or Sore Throat. "Brown's Bronchial Troche*
give Immediate and sure relief,
Miss Breezy of Chicago— Let mo help you to
the sausages, my dear. You will find them
very nice. They are some of papa's own stuff
ing.
Miss Fancy of Boston (dreamily)— Thank you ;
if you have some without any bark on you
may help me. — Judge.
NEW TO-DAY.
_____
IT'S-
VERY
NICE.
Jtj-i-sTians
A PACKAGE OF CREAM CHOCOLATE
- — WITH OUR .
MONEY-SAVING
TEAS, COFFEES, SPICES!
. COLIMA BAKING POWDER. .
■ --: : ' : 'h ■•>- * -V-
Oar 50c Teas Cost 75c Elsewhere.
Our 35c Teas Cost 50c Elsewhere.
EXTRA PREMIUMS GIVEN AWAY.
Great American Inißortiai Tea Ca.'s
1344 Market St., S. P.
««-»v^-==s;^^ 965 Market St., S. P.
rjL~*amtn 140 >ixtn st - S. F.
faattJßß? 017 Kearny St., S. P.
BgJ 1 " i 419 Polk st., S. F.
521 Montgomery aye., S. P.
MAIirV 333 Hayes st., S. F.
mUNtI" 146 Ninth «•• s - f.
mviii.l 218 Third at • & F
O AII IUO 2008 P»«niore St., S. P.
bAYINb 2SIO Mission St.. S. F.
unwillU 3006 Sixteenth St., S. P.
CTfiOCG . 104 Second «t.,S. P.
STORES: |»»«SS^s: l: -•
' ft9>'^ B=^iS9 917 Broadway, Oakland.
£>afeEilGi«Cs 053 Washington St., Oak' d.
t&llk&E3&7 131 San Pablo aye., Oakl'd.
mSEif 616 E. Twelfth st, Oakland.
1355 Park St., Alameda.
inPORTINQ FOR AND OPERATING
100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SAVE YOU MONEY.
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
l NO SPECIAL DAY.TUESDAY A P R I L 2 1 . 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater "The Story of Rodlon, the
Student."
California Theater— "The Politician."
Columbia Theater— "A Pair of Kids."
&orobco's Opefa-Hocsk— "Special Delivery."
1 JVoli Opera-House.— "Blue Beard."
« pit Em.— High-Class Vaudeville.
Grover's a i.ca7ar.— -'Everybody's Friend"
and -The Setting Sun.."
Mark Hopkins' Institute of Art.— Spring
exhibition of Paintings.
JJacdonouoh Theateb (Oakland)— "Pudd'n-
head Wilson."
Sittro Coney Island— Chinese Musicians and
Jugglers.
fcnooT the Chutes— Daily at Halght street,
« te fclock east of the Park.
1 a\ I>J6trict Track.— Race* to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton & Eldridge— This day (Tuesday),
Heal Estate, at 638 Market st., at 13 o'clock noon.
By Chas. Levy A Co.— This day (Tuesday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o clock.
By J. C. Muther— This day (Tuesday), Fur-
niture, at 521 Kearny st., at 11 o clock.
By Frank W. Butterfield — Wednesday,
April 22, Furniture, at 611 Taylor St., at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The weather predictions for to-day are: Brisk
westerly winds.
The Y. If. C. A. indebtedness fund has now
reached $91,000.
The barbers are getiinp ready for a series of
boycotts upon their enemies.
W. C. Dudley, secretary of Golden Gate Lodge,
P. B. O. E., is short $337 in his accounts.
Delia Beretta is suing her husband, Angelo
Beretta, for $50 a month forher maintenance.
The Prohibition convention that is to meet
in Stockton next month will nominate a full
ticket.
Mrs. P. D. Browne asked the Presbyterian
ministers yesterday why women should not
baptize.
Twenty-five dollars a ton is being offered for
crapes id Sonoma Valley. This is the result of
the frost.
The will of John Egan, leaving an estate
valued at $5000 to his widow, Bridget Egan.
has been tiled for probate.
Charle> A. Keeler of BerKeley lectured last
niftht at the Academy of Sciences upon "Nat
•ral Selection and Heredity."
Attorney Hayne proceeded with his argu
ment in the Railroad Commission case yester
day. He will continue to-day.
Mayor Sutro has obtained a two months'
leave of absence, presumably to make a per
sonal right in Washington against the fund
ing bill.
Martin J. Cafferty, laborer. 335 Broadway,
flogged his son Johnnie in a horrible manner
}ast night because the boy did not sell enough
newspapers.
The Mechanics' Institute and the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association have cora
-I'ined to hold a strictly home industry exposi
tion this year.
Father Yorke delivered a lecture at Metro
politan Hall last night on the altitude of the
Koman Catholic church toward civil and re
ligious liberty.
New and sensational developments are ex
pected in the big Santa Cruz land suit, and
two lumber companies will have to discon
tinue operations.
There has been a general decapitation of
heads of departments at the Pacific Rolling
Mills, end mnoh pruning is being done in the
interest of economy.
McLaine, Stanford's pitcher and captain, is
the only obstable that confronts the University
LfornU seriously in the intercollegiate
1 uebaU ma.tch to-morrow.
The Grand Jury at a special meeting last
evening resolved to send a communication to
the Board <>f Health commending the man
agement of the Almshouse.
Four favoriiesVon at the Bay District yes
terday. The first horses past the wire were:
liovernor Budd, Mt. Roy, Adam Andrew, Sir
Play, La Ma&cota and Belle Boyd.
Theodore Kauiner, printer, 306 Tenth street,
threatens to sue the Southern Pacific for dam
ages because he could not get a seat on the
train from the Santa Cruz Mountain!-.
Mrs. Josephine Oman of South San Francisco
threw herself in from of a cable-car at the ferry
yesterday morning and was later locked up in
a padded cell in the Receiving Hospital.
The Women's Federation held their commit
tee meetings yesterday, and on Thursday night
one of them is to give a social entertainment
at the Newsboys' Home on Powell street.
The Election Commission has begun active
preparations for the fall election in order to
force county officials who desire to hold over
for four years to test the county government
At a meeting of the Cycle Board of Trade
last evening it was recommended that all
wheelmen in this City carry on their ma
chines a large card bearing the words, "Repave
Market street."
Mark Fellheimer, a Call carrier, was assault
ed by Samuel Snyder, a boy whom he claims
was stealing papers from doorsteps early Sun
day morning, and had him arrested for battery
and petty larceny.
Fifteen members of the Grand Jury yester
day surprised the managers of the Alm'shouse
and < ity and County Hospital by an unex
pected visit. The jury found a deplorable
condition of affairs at the hospital.
The schooner Bonanza, in which Banker
Ralston and his friends made many a trip
during the years 1875-76, is now lying at Main
street wharf leaking at the rate of ten inches
an hour. She has been turned into a trader.
The recent visits of the Christain Endeavor
officials to ascertain the City's ability to enter
tain adelegation o; 25.000 people have resulted
in a most favorable opinion in San Francisco's
favor as the place for the great convention of
1897.
Judge Coffey has refused to confirm the sale
of the 63,000 shares of the Skagit Cumberland
Coal Company, belonging to the estate of P.
Mac-kay. They were destined to be sold for
$13,000, which wes much less than the ap
praisement.
Attorney John Percy yesterday made appli
cation before Judge Slack for the guardian
ship of the five children of William Fair. It is
thought that this means that the principal
heirs of James G. Fair want to bring more
collateral claims if they can.
The demurrer to the complaint of Nobby
Clarke, who demanded a pension from the
Police Pension Fund Commissioners, has been
sustained without leave to amend. Clarke re
signed from the force before the pension fund
was formed, and for this reason Clarke was
hel<. to have forfeited his rights to a pension
from it.
Congregational Club.
"The Loss of the Four Hundred" was
the rather startling title of Rev. Dr.
JLewett's paper read to the Congregational
Club yesterday afternoon. Some of the
pastors present stated afterward that they
had expected to hear of the defalcation of
local society from church circles, bnt the
fact was that Dr. Jewett had no thought
of society when he penned his paper. His
object was to prove that the Congrega
tional church throughout the State has
sustained during the last ten years an
annual loss of 400 members, who might be
described as "lost, stolen or strayed."
The doctor gave a number of statistics
and showed that in spite of the loss in
members who nave been dropped from
the rolls of the various churches the mem
bership of the Congregational church in
thi3 .State has increased during the last
ten years from G6OO to 1G.700.
Presbytery Sleets.
Tl.e San Francisco Presbytery held an
adjourned meeting yesterday afternoon at
the Chinese Presbyterian Mission. A
good deal of routine business was trans
acted and Rev. Cumniings Smith reported
that the Oakland Presbytery was ready to
embark on an evangelistic campaign if the
!-:ii) I-ranciseo Presbytery would unite
with it and share the work and expenses.
Key. Dr. Coyle, Rev. E. J. Lyona, Rev. Dr.
JarraiKl, Eev. Dr. Bevier and Rev. Dr.
Doane were appointed a committee to con
fer with the Oakland Presbytery.
On the invitation of Dr. Mathena it was
resolved to hold the fail meeting of the
Presbytery at Olivet Church
Fell Off a Lumber Pile.
James Madson, an employe in Wilson's
lumber-yard on Berry street, between Fifth
and Sixth, fell off a pile of lumber yes
terday afternoon, and struck on the ground
with his head He was picked up unconscious
and taken to the Receiving Hospital, where it
was found he was suffenug from concussion of
the brain. He lives on Clara street, between
Bryant and Harrison.
DESCOBAR MAY
GO UNPUNISHED
International Complication
Over a Drunken
Sailor.
CUT THE CHIEF MATE.
May the United States Punish an
Offense Committed Under the
Hawaiian Flag?
SHIP OWNED IN THIS CITY.
Consul Wilder and District Attorney
Foote in a Quandary as to the
Zelandia's Offender.
A peculiar state of affairs exists in re
pard to a prisoner now in irons on the
Pacific Mail Company's steamer Zealan
dia. He made a murderous assault on the
chief officer, but as the offense was com
mitted under the Hawaiian flag and prac
tically on Hawaiian soil the authorities
do not know what to do with the prisoner.
Consul-General Wilder has been ap
pealed to, but if he sends the man to Hon
olulu he will also have to send the injured
mate and all the witnesses. If he does
not do this the criminal will be turned
loose in San Francisco to cut and slash
some one else.
If he is sent to Honolulu he will prob
ably get a term on "the reef" that will do
him goo<i.
As the matter stand? at present United
States Marshal Baldwin is powerless to
act. W T ere it an American vessel he could
arrest the sailor, but he must respect the
Hawaiian flag. Uuited States District At
torney Foote has been in consultation
with Consul-General Wilder, but they can
see no way out of the difficulty. The
offense was committed under the Hawaiian
flag, and Consul-General Wilder must
handle it.
The Zealandia had an eventful trip up
the coast. When she sailed from Panama
Ezeta was enjoying himself at the best
hotel in the city and was still talking
about the arms and ammunition he ex-
pected and the descent Le was going to
make on San Salvador.
At San Juan del Sur and Corinto the
vessel could not land as the ports were in
the hands of the rebels.
When half way to San Francisco Chief
Officer Tilton had an experience that he is
not likely soon to forget. A sailor named
Sabino Descobar was under the influence
of liquor and ventured aft. Mate Tilton,
according to his own story, took him by
the hand and led him forward again,
telling him to go below.
The sailor apparently did so, but as soon
as the officer's back was turned he drew
his knife and made a lunge at him. Til
ton turned, and although unarmed showed
fight. He got the worst of it, however,
as the sailor almost cut his nose off and
slashed him in both cheeks. Dr. D. P.
McCord had to put forty-four stitches in
the wounds, and it is owing to his care
that Mr. Tilton will not be minus the
end of his nose and badly scarred for life.
"Descobar is a Mexican,' said Chief
Officer Tilton yesterday, "and when I
shipped him he seemed a fair sailor. He
worked well on the way to Panama, but
on the return trip he got arinking mescal,
and on the night the cutting took place he
was drunk. He was reeling aft toward
where the cabin passengers were when I
took hold of him and led him forward. I
was gentle with him, but it did no good.
1 had not got twenty paces away from the
man before I heard him running after
me. He had a machete in his hand
and when we came to close quarters he
slashed. I broke the blow, but he spoiled
my nose. His next cut laid open my left
cheek, and then I knocked him down. On
getting up his Knife grazed my right cheek
and then the crew overpowered him.
Thanks to Dr. McCord, I am able to be
about, but I am afraid I will be disfigured
for life. We still have Descobar on board
and are awaiting the action of the Hawaiian
Consul in the matter."
Descobar in irons does not deny the cut
ting, but. says he was driven to it by Chief
Officer Tilton. "I was not drunk," said
he. "I was attending to my ordinary
duties when Mr. Tilton took me by the
back of the neck and kicked me into the
forecastle. I only acted in seif-defense,
and the mate dare not say anything to the
contrary."
In the meantime the captain of the
Zealandia and the Hawaiian Consul-Gen
eral are wondering what they will do with
the man who is in irons aboard the ship
on a charge of assault to murder.
GOOD-BY TO MIDDLESON.
Court Robin Hood of the Foresters Ban
quets a Departing Brother.
The officers and quite a number of Past
Chief Rangers of the oldest court of An
cient Forestry on the Pacific Coast — Court
Robin Hood No. 5931, A. 0. F.— gave a
grand banquet at Lombardi's Saturday
evening to liodney Middleson, an old P.
C. R. ana late financial secretary of the
court, on the eve of his departure East
with his wife and family to reside at his
parental home in New Orleans. Alex
ander Nicholson, P. D. C. R., one of the
oldest members of the order in California,
acted as toastmaster. At his right sat the
guest of the evening and at the left Chief
Ranger or the Court Allen, while at the
far end of the table sat SuD-Chief Ranger
Monsees.
After the toast of the evening to the
guest had been given and answered there
was, in order, a song by Mr. Gresty, a reci
tation by Morgan, a speech by Anderson,
one by Clifford, and various other features
by other members. Among those present
were: James Anderson, P. C. R. • C L
Morris, P. C. R.; W. H. Lambert, P. C. R.-
Alexander Nicholson. P. D. C. R.; James
McLennan, P. C. R. ; F. M. Allen, C. R •
William Gresty. P. C. R. ; G. R. Morgan,
P. C. R. ; Fred Clifford, F. S. ; J. E. John
son, R. S. : J. A. Monsees, S. C. R. ; C. W.
Grotefend, organist.
THE NEW GRAND MASTEB.
Reception to Officers of the Ancient Or
der of United Workmen.
William Vinter, recently elected grand
master workman of tne Grand Lodge of
California, A. O. U. W., Grand Foreman
A. F. Mackay and Grand Overseer Henry
Schaffner were tendered a reception in
Sbiels Hall last uij,'ht by Memorial Lodge
No. 174. There were about 100 members
of the order present, and addresses were
made by Supreme Representative William
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 1896.
H. Jordan, Past Grand Masters Danforth
and Barnes, Grand Secretary D. S. Hirsh
berg and Grand Treasurer Sam Booth en
livened the occasion with songs of hisovrn
composition. The grand officers and
gneats were then escorted to the banquet
hall, where, after an excellent repast, there
was a flow of toasis and responses, song
and wit.
KAUFNER'S GRIEVANCE.
Because He Gould Not Get a Seat He
Will Sue the Southern Pacific
for Damages.
Theodore Kaufner, a printer living at
306 Tenth street, visited the Receiving
Hospital yesterday morning and got Dr.
Rinne to examine his nose. The doctor
found that the bone was fractured and
there was a lump on his cheek.
Kaufner said that he went with an ex
cursion party to the Santa Cruz Mountains
on Sunday, and, while walking through
the woods, he stumbled and fell on his
face.
He has a grievance against the South
era Pacific Company. "On the return
trip," he said, "the train was so crowded
that I was unable to get a seat and had to
stand all the way. I was suffering from
my wounded face, which made it all the
more aggravating. When I pay my fare
I consider I am entitled to a seat, and I
will instruct my attorney to commence a
suit against the company for damages for
not providing me with the accommoda
tion which I claim my ticket entitled
me to."
SHALL WOMEN BAPTIZE?
Mrs. P. D. Browne Puts the
Question to Presbyterian
Ministers.
Resolutions Passed Against Injustice
Done an American in
Cuba.
Mrs. P. D. Browne, in the course of a
lecture on "Woman's Work in Missions,"
told the Presbyterian Ministerial Associa
tion yesterday morning that a new and ur
gent need is arising for women to be per
mitted to administer baptism.
"The case is this," said Mrs. Browne.
"Many of the women in China, India and
Persia can only be reached by women mis
sionaries, and the question is becoming
more urgent, 'Shall women be commis
sioned to baptize their converts?' When
women are kept guarded in zenanas they
are absolutely beyond the reach of male
missionaries. How can they be baptized
when no man is allowed to enter, nor can
they go forth to be baptized? Does the
Bible say who shall baptize them? We
leave it to you to say."
Mrs. P. D. Browne, who is the president
of the Woman's Occidental Board, asked
the question about the expediency of
women being permitted to administer the
rite of baptism in the course of an address
which embraced a brief review of what
American women have accomplished in
the work of evangelizing heathen lands.
She spoke of the workers of her own aex
as being especially essential to mission
work in India, China and Persia, and con
cluded by saying that she had been inter
ested lately in the growing need for some
means by which the women shut up in
harems could receive the rite of baptism.
In the discussion general appreciation
was expressed for Mrs. Browne's paper,
but no attempt was made by the ministers
present to give a definite "answer to the
question of whether the Bible permits
women to baptize.
Rev. E. F. Pish and Rev. S. S. Palmer
of Oakland reported that the Presbyterian
Ministerial Association of Oakland had
disbanded and that henceforth the Oak
land ministers would attend the meetings
of the San Francisco Ministerial Union.
Tue visiting pastors were given to under
stand that their brethren from across the
bay would be very welcome.
Baptist Preachers!
The Baptist Ministers' Conference was
agitated yesterday morning over the re
ported arrest of Rev. A. .7. Diaz, the repre
sentative missionary of its denomination
in Cuba. A number of pastors present
expressed their indignation that a man as
widely known and respected as Dr. Diaz
should be submitted to such indignities.
Rev. Dr. Jordan and Rev. Robert Whit
taker were appointed a committee on the
question, and they presented the follow
ing resolutions, which were unanimously
adopted, the secretary being instructed to
forward a copy to the Secretary of State:
Whereas, It has come to our knowledge that
the Rev. Dr. A. J. Diaz, general missionary of
the Baptist denomination in Cuba and v citi
zen of the United States, has been arrested by
the Spanish military authorities and is likely
to be imprisoned lor life without due process
of law; and whereas we know Dr.
Diaz to be a man of excellent
Christian character, altogether above the
suspicion of any conduct of a trea
sonable nature, and believe that his detention
is in violation of his rights as a law-abiding
man and minister:
Jienolvtd, That we, the Baptist ministers of
San Francisco and vicinity; do protest against
this outrage and call upon our Government to
secure to Dr. Diaz all the rights and privileges
to which he is entitled as an American citizen.
The paper of the day was read by Rev.
T. Sunderland on "The Benevolence of
the Churches." He deplored tbat more
money was not donated to missions, and
said that parents should teach their chil
dren to give instead of giving for them.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing six months: Rev. W.Jordan,
president; Rev. A. M. Russell, vice-presi
dent ; Rev. A. L. Dietz, secretary. It was
resolved that those Baptist churches
which have not already taken up collec
tions for the persecuted Christians in
Armenia should hold collections to aid the
fund in the near future.
Every year a few hoopoes and golden
orioles— beautiful birds of passage — visit
the Kentish fruit-eardenn, says an English
writer. They are never permitted to ouild
and rear their young, but are at once shot,
to adorn the collection of some wretched
bird-stuffer.
Fair and Fruitful
As the \Ws! is, it is often malarious. But It is
pleasant to know that a competent safeguard in
the shape of Hostetter's Stomach Bitters exists,
which absolutely nullifies the poison of miasma.
Westernbound emlgrauts should bearthisjln mind.
Nor should it be forgotten the Bitters is a sterling
remedy for dyspepsia, biliousness, constipation,
kidney and nervous complaints and rheumatism. ,
MRS. SHANE TELLS
A QUEER STORY.
Positively Denies That She
Ever Saw the Pris
oner.
SHE CONTRADICTS FLYNN
Captain Lees Thinks an Attempt
Is Being Made to Fix the
Case.
CORONER'S INQUEST SATURDAY.
Mrs. Browning Makes a Futile At
tempt to Cast Discredit on Her
First Statement.
Each passing day seems to envelop in
greater mystery the murderer of the baby
boy found in a valise on Market and
Twelfth streets last Thursday morning.
Yesterday Mrs. Shane, the sister of the
seif-acknowledped mother of the child of
sin, told a story to Captain Lees whicti
differs materially from that of Flynn or
Mra. Browning. She called at the cap
tain's office about 10 o'clock, and, after a
few moments' general conversation, made
the following startling statement:
"Mrs. Browning's son came for me the
ni<;ht the baby was born, at 10:30 or 1L
o'clock, and told me that his mother was
very sick; for me to come right down, she
said. I was in bed at the time and got
up and went right down and got there just
about the time that Dr. Quigley came. I
remained there during the time the baby
was born, and after the baby was born and
the doctor went away I wrapped the baby
up in a blanket and put it in a bureau
drawer. It commenced to cry and I put
the baby in the drawer without intending
to harm it in any way. The doctor asked
me if I had a douche-bag, and if so to bring
it to my sister. At about 12:30 I went to
my house in company with my niece and
got the douche-bag and returned to my
sister's again in company with my niece.
When I got back the bahy was gone. I in
quired for it and Mrs. Browning said that
a gentleman had taken it. I asked 'where
to' and she said he had taken it to a found
ling asylum.
"This matter was kept secret on account
of her children. Prior to the birth of the
child I did not know of her condition at
all. No man accompanied me home when
I went for the douche-bag and no man
came back with me. My niece, Mrs.
Browning's daughter, came with me both
ways. Dr. Quigley did not come again
until the next morning. I remained witn
my sister tbe entire time after bringing
her the douche-bag, and did not go home
again until 10:30 or 11 o'clock the next
morning to cook my husband's dinner.
"Mr. Flynn did not accompany meat
all. Ido not know him and never walked
with him in my life, and never to my
knowledge have I ever been introduced to
him. I met one man up at Mrs. Brown
ing's about a month ago and was intro
duced to him as Mr. Jones. I would not
know him again if I saw him. I never
went out of the house with a package and
the only package I came in the house with
was the douche-bag.
"Mr. Flynn did not give me a package
of soiled linen. I did not complain of my
shoes being wet and did not change them
at home. 1 did not come back to mv
sister's with Flynn. I never walked with
him in my life and would not know him
it I saw him.
"1 had no valise at my sister's and know
nothing whatever of the valise the baby
was found in. The valise does not belong
to me and I do not believe Mrs. Browning
or her children owned a valise. I never
saw one in the house.
"Mrs. Browning's daughter was never
out of the house that night. She sat in
the next room. I know this, because I
spoke to her two or three times. She did
not know anything about the matter un
til it came out in the papers the next day.
6he thought her mother had an abscess. I
do not know wno sent for Dr. Quigley. I
take the Examiner, and have reaJ the
statement of Mr. Flynu about the soiled
clothes and about his accompanying me
to my house and back again, and I pro
nounce it false in every particular."
At this point Captain Lees showed Mrs.
Shane the valise in which the baby was
found. She denied ever having seen it
before.
"I have sposen to ray sister,' she said,
"about the matter, but sl,e declines to
talk to me and says she will tell the truth
at thft Coroner's inquest. I did not let
any of the reporters see my sister yester
day because she was too sick to see them.
I was not at home when they called on me.
I had no talk with Mrs. Benjamin about
my sister. She was there when I came
and told me my sister was very sick.
She did not know anything about her con
dition. I have visited my sister every
day before this trouble. I did not give the
satchel to Flynn, and do not know that
my sister took any medicine prior to the
birth of the child. Do not know of Flynn 'a
borrowing $25 to relieve Mrs. Browning.
I intend to move and have intended to do
so for some time, and do not move to hide
away. I am perfectly willing to appear
before the Coroner and tell all I know
truthfully and straightforwardly."
The story told by Mrs. Shane differs in
essential features from that related by the
prisoner on the night of his arrest. It will
be remembered tbat the latter acknowl
edged his presence at the house, 130>£
Ninth street, on the night Mrs. Browning
gave birth to the child. On the first visit
he learned of the grass-widow's illness and
hurriedly started in search of a physician.
When he next called, between* 12 and 1
o'clock in the morning, Mrs. Shane re
quested him to take her niece out for a
walk, as she did not care for her to learn
of the birth of the baby. Later Flynn
claimed to have accompanied Mrs. Shane
to her home on Larkin street, between El
lis and Eddy.
Mrs. Shane now comes forward with the
extraordinary statement that she did not
see Flynn at all on the night in question,
thougu she claims to have been with her
sister throughout the entire confinement.
Coverine the period of her visit to her
home on Larkin street, the woman says
that Mrs. Browning was entirely alone.
In view of the necessarily enfeebled condi
tion of the latter very little credence is
given to this part of her story by the de
tectives. Captain Lees holds to the opin
ion that an effort is being made by some
one to "square" the case.
"Mis. Browning has not in any way
changed her statement," he said last
night. "This mistake arises over some
thing she said Friday night, in which the
name of Jones was mentioned. It all
came about like this: The woman said a
man named Jones was the father of the
child and that he had carried it away
for the avowed purpose of leaving it at
some foundling asylum. Later she ad
mitted that it was Flynn who went for the
physician and that he was the same man
who carried the child away. In writing
the statement the name of Flynn was in
serted instead of Jones, because she ad
mitted in a general way that the former
was the man."
William L. Tierney, the proprietor of a
dry-jjoods store at 3239 Mission street, is
authority for the statement that Mrs.
bhane, the sister of Mrs. Brownine, the
mother of the deserted babe, was known
in Los Anceies a few years ago as May
Enright, Later she became the wife of
Charley Kimball, who was shot to death
in his saloon at Santa Monica about four
years ago by a Deputy Marshal. After
this she came to San Francisco
and married her present husband. Flynn
has contended, since his incarceration,
that no one but Mrs. Shane could have
oeen guilty of the infanticide. Up to the
present time this lady has refused to be
interviewed by reporters, the only state-
ment she made being the one to Captain
Lees, in which she denied all of Flynn's
implied accusations. Mrs. Tierney's rec
ollection of Mrs. Shane as May Enright
and Mrs. Kirn bail has been verified by
others who have known her for several
years past.
At the police station Flynn refused to
identify Mrs. Shane, and the latter dis
dained to acknowledge a passing acquaint
ance with the prisoner. The police ap
peared to be somewhat mystified at this,
though Captain Lees professes to see in
it an attempt on the part of some one to
lix the case.
Detectives Byrum and Gibson have suc
ceeded in procurine a partial statement
from Mrs. Benjamin, the landlady. She
claims that her yon admitted Flynn to the
house on Monday night, but further than
this she knows nothing. Gibson also had
a talk with Tessie Browning, the 10-year
old daughter of the mother of the mur
dered babe, in which she denied having
ever seen Flynn, though he was a constant
visitor at the house.
The prisoner is apparently not the least
disturbed over the developments of the
last twenty-four hours, though, on the
advice of his attorney, he declines to make
any further statement. He was a bit in
dignant over a statement made in an
afternoon paper accusing him of attempt
ing to pass a forged check. This point is
fully covered by his former landlady in
the following communication:
Pan Francisco, Cal., April 20, 1896.
Editor Call— Sir: The statement in last even
ing's Report that J. T. Flyiin grabbed his two
grips and ran away without paying me the $2
he was indebted for room rent is false and
meant to poison public opinion against him.
Furthermore, he never at any time offered
payment by check. Mrs. Katie Goldstein,
51 Third street, San Francisco.
The Coroner's inquest will be held next
Saturday, at which time Mrs. Browning
promises to be present.
IMPERIALS' ELECTION.
A New Bicycle Track and Athletic
Grounds at Center
ville.
The Imperial Cycling Club held its an
nual election of officers last night, with
the following result: R. L. Radke, presi
dent; W. L. Maule, vice-president; John
S. Egan, secretary; George J. Panario,
treasurer; J. L. Barrow, captain.
President White of tne Associated Clubs
has called a special meeting of the asso
ciation for Thursday evening at the Olym
pic Club at 8 o'clock to discuss the trouble
over the recent relay race, and some set
tlement of the difficulty will then prob
ably be arrived at.
A three-lap dirt track has just been com
pleted at Centerville by the Centerville
Athletic Club. The northerly curve of the
track is banked six feet and has a radius
of ninety feet. The southerly and west
erly curves are banted rive feet and have a
radius of 150 ieet. Inside the track in
closure are baseball, football, tennis and
trap-shooting grounds. The club intends
to hold tournaments of these various
sports and also a bicycle meet in the near
future. It has a membership of 200 and a
club building thirty by sixty feet ; well
supplied with athletic appliances. The
officers and directors are: F. T. Smith,
president; F. Dusterberry, secretary: N.
Leonhart, treasurer ; H. C. Gregory, W. W.
Walton, J. D. Is orris, Frank Hawes, Jo
seph Ritter and H. Emerson, directors.
One month ago we received 24 new patterns
of Picture-frame Moldings. Since then we
have received 8- patterns more, making 10t>
entirely new designs, none of which can be
found in any other store in the City. Prices
very low. Sanboru, Vail >fc Co., 741 Market. •
_ T^c. V w-^^^^^Z.-_-'I : .- '• . NEW TO-DAT. ' : .." ■ •:. \\\r
/ ROUNDED \ II&^^liBm / heap/NG \
v^rSs) Powder vn£p> )
\requirel\/ Vspoqnfuls/
X^ THE BEST THAT MONEY CAN BUY.N,^^/
MR. HAYNE STILL TALKING
Progress of the Argument in
the Railroad Commission
Case.
SUBTLE LEGAL POINTS TAKEN.
The Case Will Be Finished Before the
Opening of the Paris Exposition
in igoo.
Judge McKenna's courtroom was pre
pared yesterday morning for the usual
day of talk on the power of the Railroad
Commissioners to fix the rates of freights
and fares at figures disapproved by the
Southern Pacific of Kentucky.
These preparations consisted in the
lighting of gas jets on each side of his
Honor and in regulating the heat registers
so that they would give forth a heat of
not less than 70 degrees. At 11 o'clock the
Judge took his seat, the counsel appeared,
Mr. Hayne assumed a heroic attitude
and proceeded upon his second week of
argument.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald wag not
present, he having been called to Sacra
mento by the duties of his office, but his
place at the legal table was tilled by United
States District Attorney Foote, who played
his role with the skill of a veteran, which
was that of appearing profoundly impressed
with the wisdom of the remarks made by
his learned colleague. He succeeded admir
ably in keeping awake— in fact much bet
ter than did some of the spectators.
Mr. Garb.T kept his eyes steadily upon
Mr. Hayne all day. His air was watchful
and hi.s manner that of a rich brown study,
the same hue as his hair. He is to follow
Mr. Hayne, provided that Mr. Hayne con
cludes before the opening of the Paris Ex
position in 1900.
Mr. Herrin, with an expression of dis
taste, listened, and listened, and listened.
Once in a while he and Mr. Garber ex
changed whispered confidence.", nnd this
digression from the monototis inflections
of Mr. Hayne's voice was apparently very
refreshing.
Mr. Pillsbury sat beside Mr. Hayne and
kept him well under his eye, or rather
well over his eye, for his adversary was
standing.
The spectators, who had come to bask
in eloquence as does the lizard in sun
shine, nodded and went out at intervals to
keep themselves from falling asleep.
Mr. Hayne began by asking: "Was it
the intention of the law to apply to all
►corporations, foreign as welJ as domestic?
Could foreign corporations say. 'We
are not expressly mentioned: therefore
the law does not apply to us?' "
The speaker combatted this position. He
argued that if the intention is to refer to
the power of corporations it does not make
any difference as to the source of its
power. Foreign corporations come into a
State with their eyes open and with knowl
edge of the limitations which would be
applied to them.
"If the laws regulating State corpora
tions were declared invalid," asked Judge
McKenna, "woula foreign corporations
come in and be subject to them while do
mestic corporations would be exempted?"
In reply Mr. Hayne read from a New
York decision to the effect that the State,
having absolute power to exclude foreign
corporations altogether, may place such re
strictions upon them as it may choose. It
does not lie in the mouth of any foreign
corporation to complain that it is sub
jected to the same law as others.
Judge McKenna was not, apparently,
convinced of the soundness of Mr. Hayne's
argument on this point, and he inter
rupted again by asking Mr. Hayne whether
he thought that the founders of the con
stitution intended that it should apply to
foreign and not to domestic corpoiations.
Mr. Hayne replied that if they had the
power to make it apply to foreign corpora
tions and not the power to make it apply
to domestic corporations, was there any
thing in that that would lead the court to
say that if they could not apply it to the
foreign corporations they should not ap
ply it to the others as well?
Most of the afternoon was spent in read
ing authorities on this point, and at 3:30
trie court adjourned until this morning at
11 o'clock.
111111
mtifc
Iroalftfl
A smart Broadway, New
/ V York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford, to trade .
with a druggist that has
such a motto, as that
_ NEW AMUSEMENTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
A Novel Performance at Last!
Commencing Saturday, April 18, 1896,
i--i . .;. - ONE WEEK ONLY.
MAGNIFICENT CHINESE COMPANY!
'• A SPECIALLY IMPORTED TROUPE
- OF FIFTY ARTISTS. =
Musicians, Singers and Jugglers I .
GORGEOUS COSTUMES! -
Historical Plays Correctly Represented!
. Performance Daily at 'i and BP. M. .
Admission, 10c. Children. sc.
7. ■ ' ■ ■---;■■■,:■.-■, -■> ■.-■ ■ .".. k , - ■ ■ • ■ ■■ ■ •- ."'■'
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAY MAN SCO'S THEATERS
AT THE I Second and Last
BALDWIN.! Week But One
RICHARD MANSFIELD
And His New York Garrlck Theater Stock Co.
TO-NIGHT
"THE STORY OF RODIOY, THE STI'BEIT."
Wednesday, Thursday. Friday Ev'gs and Sat. Mat.
"PRINCE KARL,"
Saturday Evening.
"DK.JEKVLL AND »IK. HYDE."
Monday, April 27— Last week of Mr. Mansfield :
Monday, Tuesday and Saturday Evenings, "A Pa-
risian Romance"; Wednesday, "The Story of
Rodion, the Student"; Thursday, '-Beau Brum-
mclr ; Friday (only performance), "The Scarlet
Letter.' Seats for all remaining performances
now ready at boxoffice.
rl/iPnoM.A I The Always Welcome
CALIFORNIA. | C ome J dian>
ROLAND REED
And His Company under the direction of B. B,
JACK, presenting the Seasonable Satire,
"THE POLITICIAN,"
THE WOMAN'S PLANK.
A POSITIVE HIT!
"If the country needs saving, why, all we've got
to do is to save it."— General Joslah Limber.
. rROLAnOIfUOTTLOD «*'g>* uiica aho rvuiMtftJ- • •
DID ~ DID
THEY Tucv
LAUGH
ASJv THE'
WHO TH
IT WAS ALL O
WHEN THE CUIITAIN FELL.
Everybody's Sides Ached, So Funny Was the run.
niest of Eccentric Comedians,
EZRA KENDALL!
In His Great Laughing Craze,
"APA I OF KIDS!"
A Really Excellent Company Supports Him.
Monday Next
THE GKEAT BIVARDE CONCERTS.
SSr A! rA7AD
DISTINCT AND CLEAR-CUT SUCCESS!
A Society Ovation! Debutante and Company
Showered With Applause! Again To-night
MRS. AUZERAIS HOYTE,
HEREWARD HOYTE and the Company In
"EVERYBODY'S FRIEND" and
♦•THE SETTING SUN."
"Very graceful." "A lovely voice." "A charm.
Ing performance." "I is a triumph. " "The moat
successful debut I have ever witnessed."
Audience expressions last night
Prices— Best seats 50c. 35c, 25c, 15c and 10c,
Matinees— Wed., Sat. and Sunday 2Bc, 15c, 10c
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. fc-BN-EsiiNK KiiEMNo, Proprietor i. Manager
B ~A~ D
P RIP / V
L ROARING L
U SUCCESS! \J
jC" SECOND EDITION! C*
Of the Brilliant Spectacular Extra va- *~*
g "BLUEBEARD!" b
r* f New Songs, Ballets, Specialties. E
A THE "CHEVALIER" MEDLEY A
j-j OF COSTER SONGS. ■*_!
r\ -"RAYS OF LIGHT." R
DAn Arabian Nights Dream of veil- T"\ '
: .--.. - i: i' ness. \J ,
Popular Prices— 2sn and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Managae
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
Initial Production of the Great Comedy-Drama,
"SPECIAL DELIVERY!"
xi-av I Songs ! Dances! I v ., w
A *' w I Character Sketches! | *«EW ■
Smmsam Prices— 2se and 51a.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10a.
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
C'Farrell Street. Between Stoclcion an! PdT»c
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
HOPKINS' TRASS-OCEAMC COMP.I.IT!
The Greatest Traveling Vaudeville
Organization in the World.
TT3TEZ ROSSOWS,
THE NAMEDOS.
APOLLO, HORACE BENNERS,
SHARP AND FLAT,
FORD AND FRANCIS,
TOM MACK, THK EVANS,
CLAYTON, JENKINS and JASPER,
FUIjGOR
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seat 3, 50c .. . ..
MACDONOUCH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
TO-NIGHT— FAREWELL PERFORMANCE
The Eminent Actor, FRANK MAYO, and his
Great Company. Secure Seats. Avoid Crush.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
' AFTERNOON AND EVENING,
i ADMISSION (Adults) 10 CENTS.
CHILDREN— ADMISSION, sc: CHUTES, So.
Ladies— Chutes. Weekday Afternoons, sc. ;
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE
O3B" .A-H.T,
Cor. California and Mason streets.
The Annual Spring Exhibition, .
Including the James D. Phelan prize painting and
140 examples in oil and water colors by resident
artists, also 15 examples in plastic art, is now '
open daily from 9 a. if. to 5 p. m., including Sun-
days. ' Organ Recitals Sunday afternoous from 2
to 4. Admission 25c. .
Concerts Every Thursday Evening.
v- Admission .">(><■.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA~JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, April 16th,
:;. -„. BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. :
.Friday and Saturday. Bain or Shine: -.-■■
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
-\ - Races start at 2 :00 p. m. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street can pass the at*
R. B. JIILROY. THOS. U. WILLIAMS JR.,.
Secretary. . , , President.
78
McCONNELL FOR ALLISON
Idaho's Chief Executive Demands
That the Coinage Law
Be Obeyed.
ACTION IN THE NORTHWEST.
The Governor Favors the lowa Senator
but Wants the Delegates to
Be Unpledged.
Governor \Y. ,T. McConnell of Idaho, one
of tiie best-known of Western State execu
tives, is at the Grand Hotel. The Gov
ernor was formerly for a number of years
a resident of Oregon, where he was a n*6m
ber of the Legislature and held high offices
otherwise. He has been extensively en
gaged for several years in merchandizing
at Moscow, Idaho, and has been in other
large enterprises calculated to develop the
resources of his State.
The Governor left Boise over a week ago,
and has since been at Spokane and other
places. He says Idaho is recuperating
Governor W. J. McConnell of Idaho, the Noted Western Silver Advocate, Now at
the Grand Hotel.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" staff artist.]
from the hard times. This is largely due j
to the development in the minos. Spo
kane, too, is improving, till now it is about !
the thriftiest town in the Northwest.
Down at Boise, wliere there is almost an
Italian climate, there has been consider- j
able building lately. The population of i
Boise, the capital city of Idaho, has been
found by a census just taken, so the Gov
ernor says, to be 7:4)0. Moscow, which is
the Governor's home town and the seat
of the Idaho University, has about 6000 !
l^ople. This university is the largest and
r.mst important on the Pacific Coast, out
side of Stanford and Berkeley.
Governor McConnell has very strong
opinions regarding silver, and has lately
been in conference with such notable
leaders as Reed, Qnav, Allison, McKinley, '
Culiorn an ri others in regard to silver. He i
cays Idaho will, in his judgement, send an ■
unpledged delegation to the National Con
vention.
He thinks this the wiser course, not only
for his own State, but for all the Pacific \
Coast, for then we can ask for -what we <
want and go far toward getting it. The !
Governor is for Senator Allison for Presi
dent, but would not be pledged in advance
to anybody.
'•If we send delegates who are un
pledged," said the Governor, "they will be
in a dignified position and able to com
mand respect. They can do far more that
way than if tied up and unable to say any- '
thing when they get to St. Louis."
Then, in regard to silver, the Idaho Gov
ernor talked in a very interesting way.
Said he:
"I am asking for an execution of the law I
as it is on our statute books. We ought to ' :
carry out our contract as made. If we '
did as we should it wouldn't be three j '
months till there would be a meeting of i ]
the Latin Union, and they would passreso- j
lutions to restore silver." Continuing, he i
said: ,!
I believe the five Senators who recently j '
voted againgt the consideration of the revenue '
bill made a mistake. It matters not what ac- j
tion is taken on the silver question, the Gov
ernment must have sufficient revenue to pay |
its running expenses without continually re- ■
6orting to the sale of bonds, free and un- '
limited coinage would not furnish this
revenue, because the silver so coined would j
not belong to tho General Government, but to
tho Individuals who took the bullion to the
mints.
As I conceive it, the flret duty of every citi- I
ren, whether in Congress or out of it, is to con- I
tribute his part to the maintenance of this Na- !
tion. The majority of the people may be !
wrong— sometimes they undoubtedly are— but !
thai does not justify the minority in willfully |
doing that which will damage the whole. Out-
Bide of the absolute need of the revenue which
the bill was intended to provide, the protec- !
tion it contained was very Important to some
of our Western industries— notably the wool
industry, as well as the lead industry. It is
useless to claim that the protection the '
measure carried was not enough. This may
be true, but a protection of 6 0-10 cents per
pound on wool would materially aid our wool
growers at the present time.
The Congressional Record aiscloses that dur
ing the last four years a great deal of time has
been occupied in both houses of Congress in
the discussion of free coinage. Those who op
posed us on that proposition have patiently
llsteued to our views, and we in turn should at
least give them an opportu iity to be heard on
any measure which may have its origin in
either body. As one bill had but recently
passed through the Senate providing for the
free coinage of silver, it seems to me as unwise
to impede the progress of tariff legislation.
The bill was doubtless inadequate to our needs,
tut opportunity should have been given for its
disoussion and amendment, if desired. 1 think
the truth is that the Senators who opposed the
measure allowed their anger to get the best of
tneir judgment, for they doubtless have had a
great deal to aggravate them in the manner in
which silver has been treated by the present
administration.
The vote taken on silver during the session
of the House shows that a laree majority is
ngainst free coinage. I would suggest that
before any further uttempt is made to secure
the passage of a free coinage act, we ascertain
by resolution or otherwise whether Congress
isinfnvorof this Government being run by
departments according to the theories of the
heads of those departments, or whether we
shall have a Government under the law.
Had the law been followed out as it now ap
pears on our statutes, no sale of bonds would
have been necessary during the present ad
ministration, for at no time during ihe years
when bonds have been issue* under President
Cleveland's orders has the silver reserve in the
treasury alone been less than $450,000,000 in
coin and bullion: and no monometallist
in Congress nor disciple of Blackktene who is
familiar with the law will pretend to claim
thnt any obligation In the form of treasury
notes is absolutely payable in gold, except
gold certificates. If greenbacks and silver cer
tificates are equally reedeemable in gold with
gold certificates, why should there be a differ
ence In their form? Such a proposition is not
worthy of consideration. Everybody who is
informed on this subject knows that the action
of the present Secretary of the Treasury has
been token solely in the interest of bond-hold
ers and those who deal in Government secur
ities.
The Senate of the United States on the 25th
day o/ January, IS7B, and the House of Rep
resentatives on the 28th day of tbe same
month and year passed the following concur
rent resolution:
That all the bonds of the t'nited States, Issued
or authorized to he issued under the said acts of
C'OBgrpgs hereinbefore recitPd, arc payable, princi
pal, and interest, at the option of the Government
of the United States, in silver dollars, of the coin
ace of tbe I'niied states, containing 4l2Vii grains
each of standard silver; and that to restore to Its
coinage such silver coin as a legal tender in pay
ment of said bonds, principal and interest, is not
in violation of the public faith, nor in derogation
of the rights of the nubile creditor.
This resolution was passed in the Senate by
over a two-thirds vote, and it passed the House
of Representatives by a vote of 189 ayes and
79 noes. In regard to the treasury note, the
law simply provides that it is payable in coin.
The act of July 1-4, 1890, is in pnrt as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury Is hereby di
rected to purchase from time to time silver bullion
I • • • at the market prlre thereof, * • * and
; to Issue la payment or such purchase of stiver
: bullion treasury notes of the Cr.ited States, to be
prepared by the of the Treasury, In such
j lorm and of sucu denominations as ne may ore
! scribe, a:id a gum sufiidtnr to carry Into effect the
, 1 revisions of this act is hereby appropriated. « « «
>cc. 'Z. Tnal the treasury notes Issued In accord
: ance with the provisions of this act shall bo ro
i cieemable on demand, in coin, at the treasury of
'■ the United States, or at the olflce of aD.v assistant
; treasurer of the United States, and when so re
: deemed may be reissued, and tuch treasury
notes shall he a lesral tender In payment of
j all debts, public and private, except when
j o-.herwise expressly stipulated In the con-
I tract, and snail be receivable for cus
: tonis, taxes and all public dues, and when
:bo received may be reissued: and such
■ notes, wlien held by any National hanking associa
j tion, may be counted as a pan of i:s lawful re
iser ye. That upon demand of the holder of any of
the tieasury notes herein provided for the Secre
tary of the I'nltf.d States shall, under regulations
as he may pres ribo, redeem such notes in gold or
silver coin at his discretion, it being the estab
, lished policy of the United States to maintain the
: two metals on a parity with each olher upon the
: present l>-i;al ratio, or such ratio as may bepro-
I vlded by lav.-.
hec. 3. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall
eacii month coin 2,000.000 ounces of the silver
bullion, purchased under the provision* of this
act. into standard silver dollars until the Ist of
July, 1891, and after that time he shall coin tne
silver bullion pnrcbased under the provisions of
. this act as much as maybe necessary to provide
j for the redemption , of the treasury notes provided
i for. and any gain or seigniorage arising from sucli
coinage shall be accounted for and paid Into the
treasury.
It will b9 noticed that section 3 in making
provision for the coinage of the bullion pur
chased under the provisions of this act pro
vides: "There shall be as much coined as may
be necessary to provide for the redemption
of the treasury notes heieinbefore provided
for."
Does that language imply that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall sell bonds to secure gold
wherewith to pay these notes? I hardly think
so. The act repealing the law authorizing the
purchase of silver bullion and the issue of
treasury notes in its payment did not repeal
any other part of the act of July 14, 1890, but
expressly stipulated as follows:
"And it is hereby declared to be the policy
of the Unitea States to continue the use of
both gold and silver as standard money, and
to coin bqih gold and silver into moiiey of
equal intrinsic and exchangeable value, such
equality to be secured through international
agreement, or by such safeguards of legisla
tion as will insure the maintenance of the
parity in vaiue of the coins of the two metals
and the equal power of every dollar at all
times in the markets and in the payment of
debts."
It may be claimed and doubtless is claimed
by the advucates of monometallism that the
action of the treasury in seiling bonds to
maintain the gold reserve was taken for the
purpose of maintaining the parity of the two
metals. The absurdity of such a claim may be
ascertained by reference to the mint report ot
1895, wherein the value of silver bullion is
given as follows for the following years, re
spectively: 1891 silver was worth 84.31;
1893, 65.20; 1894, 5656; 1895, the highest
\va3 52.683 and the lowest was 40.27.
As will be seen by these figures the methods
pursued by the Treasury Department are
maintaining the parity of the two metals with
i a vengeance.
I In the finance report issued by the Treasury
i Department in 18/8, at which time Senator
! Sherman was Secretary ot the Treasury , x we
j find the following:
The Secretary deems it proper to state that In
the ireintiroe, !n execution of the law as It now
: statin*, he will feel it to le his duty to redeem all
Lnned states notes presented on or after January
1 next at the otnee of the assistant treasurer of
the Lnited States In the city of New York, in sums
of not lest than $50, with either gold or silver
coin, asdfsired by the holder, but reserving the
legal option of the Government; and to pay out
L lilted isiiues notes for all otber demands on the
Jl2Sn77 r ' p XC *P' when coin is demanded on coin
Mark you, by this declaration he distinctly
states tnat he "reserved the legal option of the
Oovernment to redeem thum in silver." Ido
not thmk it necessary to make any other ref
erence to the law governing the redemption of
Government liabilities. As will be seen by the
extracts I have quoted, there Can be no que*.
tlon as to the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to exercise his option in the payment
of obligations in either gold or silver, and in
making such payments it is his riutv to main
tain the avowed policy of the United States
' Mo continue the use of both ftold and silver rs
standard money," and it is absurd to claim
that that policy can be maintained by using
only the one metal as a money of final redemp
tion and degrading the other.
It may be claimed that if the Secretary
should adopt the policy of paying out silver at
his option gold would go to a premium; bin
in restitution of such a claim we have tho his
tory of the administration of the Treasury Dr
fiartment tinder Mr. Sherman, when he pub
icly announced his intention to exercise that
option, and every member of Congress knows
that no such result followed.
By all means let us first have it understood
whether this is a "Government of the people
by the people," or whether it is a Governmeni
of departments run In the interest of money
chargers. After we have nad a trial of admiii
isteriug the intent of the laws as they now are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 1896.
on our statutes we will then renew the discus
sion ot tbe free and unlimited coinage of silver
in the hope of greater success than we have
met with in our former efforts.
MASONS OF HIGH DEGREE.
Annual Meeting of the Koyal and Select
Blasters— Officers Elected.
The flag floated from the mast over the
Masonic Temple yesterday, the occasion
being the annual session of the Grand
Council of the Royal and Select Masters
of Masonry.
There was but little business transacted
and the most important was the election
of officers for the ensuing term. Follow
ing is a list of the officers chosen:
Most illustrious master, William Hew
son Davis of Sacramento.
Rig t illustrious deputy grand master,
Henry Asbcroft of San Francisco.
Right illustrious principal conductor of
work, Robert Ashe of San Francisco.
Right illustrious treasure!, Franklin H.
Day of San Francisco.
Right illustrious grand recorder, Thomas
H. Caswell of San Francisco.
Right illustrious grand captain of the
guard, August Wackenbarth of Los An
geles.
Right illustrious grand conductor, Alox
ander Gardiner of Sacramento.
Grand chaplain, Thomas Kyle.
Grand lecturer, George Peniington.
Grand organist, Samuel D. Mayer.
Grand Sentinel, James Ogiesby.
In the afternoon the officers were in
stalled by retiring Most Illustrious Master
Gilletof Stockton, after which the council
adjourned.
On the 15th of May a new council will
be instituted at Auburn, Placer County.
Jacob H. Neff of that place extended a
cordial invitation to the officers to be pres
ent at the institution, and he promised
them a true Placer County welcome.
The Grand Chapter of the State of Cali
fornia, Royal Arch Masons, will meet in
annual session this morning. It will also
be in session to-morrow.
On Thursday the Grand Comrnandery,
Knights Templar, will be in session in tile
Temple.
On Friday night California Commandery
will banquet the Grand Commandery in
Odd Fellows' Hall.
On Saturday a p;rand drill will be given in
the Mechanics' Pavilion by Golden Gate
Commandery in aid of the Masonic Or
phanage.
WAS MARTINA INSANE ?
Disposition of Thousands of Acres
in Santa Cruz Hinges
on That.
Numerous Depositions Are Being
Taken in Preparation for a
Sensational Suit.
Like a thunderbolt from a clear sky is
the new sensation to bs developed in the
several million-dollar Santa Cruz land
suit.
The Los Prieta Lumber Company and
the Pajaro Lumber Company of Santa Cruz
are to be enjoined by plaintiffs from fur
ther cutting of timber on the Ogmentation
Ramho of 20,000 acres, included in the
land claimed, and will also be pressed to
pay for the timber already cat.
The value of the timber cut by the two
companies will aggregate nearly $100,000.
The pivotal point in this well-known suit
is the sanity or insanity of old Martina
Castro Depeaux. The ancient Spanish
dame deeded the Soquo!, Ogmentation So
quel and San Andreas ranchos, aggregat
ing 44,000 acres, to her eight sons-in-law a
long time before her death. She obtained
possession of the land by United States
grant in 1853, the same being duly con
firmed.
On tne old Jady's fondness for her
several sons-in-law and her obvious
generosity hangs this tale.
Mrs. M. Elizabeth Peck, who was ap-
pointed executrix of the estate of her
mother, Martina Castro Depeaux, after
her death in December, 1890. claims that
the testatrix was of unsound mind; that
her beloved sons-in-law took advantage of
her mental condition and prevailed on the
old lady to deed them her extensive land
holdings.
Seventeen or eighteen other heirs
shared in this belief, and the aeed Mar
tina having died intestate, Mrs. Peck
The Late Martina Castro Depeaux, on
Whose State of Mind the Disposition
of Thousands of Santa Cruz Acres
Depends.
[From a photograph.]
brouph suit against the present owners of
the property, who bought from the sons
in-law.
Jeter & McKinney and Charles Q.
Younger, attorneys for defendants, and
Koscialowski, for the plaintiffs, have little
hope of bringing the case to trial before
the fall months. The time since tne filing
of the suit has been taken up with depo
sitions as to the sanity and insanity of the
dead Martina. Both sides have been
assiduous in their efforts and a volnrnin
oub array of testimony on that head has
been piled up for future reference.
The plaintiff's attorney claims that
abundant evidence is at hand showing the
aged Martina to have been unbalanced
mentally at tho time she transferred her
44,000 acres, and the defense asserts that
the preponderance of evidence is on its
side.
The present issue, however, is the prob-
Rble tie-up of the two lumber companies
whose names head this article. In this
industry hundreds of thousands of dollars
are at stake.
Wants His Honey Back.
J. Howard Smith is suing the directors of
the Ferries and Cliff House Railroad for $4500
in return for what be has paid on 100 shares
ot stock in the road which he recently pur
chased. He says there were 34,750 shares of
unpaid unsubscribed stock, which the direc
tors issued to themselves and then sold after
he bought 100 shares. Then an assessment
waa levied and he paid tho assessment before
he knew the exact state of affairs, but now he
wal >i" *>«<* the $3500 paid for the stock and
the $1000 assessment.
Just received, newest and latest articles in
Leather, including Pocketboofes made of Bird
Blmi, Leopard. Levant Brown and Blac k oeal,
Alligator in colors, Purses, Card Cases, Valises,
Dress-suit Cases, Traveling Cages, Canvas Tel
escopes, Japanese Baskets, etc. Best goods and
lowest prices. Sanborn, Vai! & Co. •
SUTRO MAY GO EAST
The Mayor Asks and Receives
Two Months' Leave of
Absence
TO FIGHT THE FUNDING BILL.
Supervisors Will Investigate the Cas.
troville Lakes Water Supply
Source.
Mayor Sutro asked and received at the
hands of the Board of Supervisors yester
day a vacation of two months, to date
from to-day.
The matter came as a complete surprise
to the majority of the members of the
board, though two or three of the City
fathers were evidently expecting the re
quest.
The Mayor is very reticent regarding his
reasons for asking so long a leave of ab
sence, but it is understood that he will
shortly go to Washington to make a per
sonal fight against the passage of the
funding bill and try to convince wavering
members of Congress that to pass the
measure means much against the pros
perity of the Pacific States, as well as the
country at large.
Some months ago, when the concerted
movement was made to raise funds to edu
cate Congress regarding Pacific Coaßt af
fairs, Mayor Sutro expressed a belief that
while the efforts of the committee would
have some effect the railroad had a tight
ing chance to win its point, and that some
one thoroughly conversant with the sub
ject should be sent to the National capital
to make a tight to the death. He stated at
the time that, if necessary, he would go
himself, and it is now believed that he
thinks tho real hour of battle has an ived
and that a very brief period will see him
face to face with Collis P. Huntington be
fore the National legislators.
The Mayor made no explanation of his
request when it was presented before the
board. It was granted unanimously, and
Supervisor Taylor was elected temporary
chairman in Mr. Sutro's absence.
The board decided that the water sup
ply of the Castro lakes, near Ca9iroville,
Monterey County, is worth investigation
with a view of purchasing the rights for
the purpose of furnishing San Francisco
with water and set May 2 as a date for
visiting the lakes in a body.
Tne Superintendent of Streets reported
to the board that a site for the United
States Observatory, formerly located in
Lafayette Square, could be had in Aha
Plaza, south of Jackson and opposite
Pierce street, and the matter was referred
to the Street Committee for investigation.
The matter of awarding the contract for
the plans of the proposed Home for Dipso
maniacs came up on the report of the
Committee on Health and Police, which
recommended that the work be given to
Mooser & Mooser.
Supervisor Taylor moved that the sub
ject be laid over for two weeks, in order to
give the Supreme Court a chance to pass
on the recent decision of the Superior
Court declaring that the lot on which it is
proposed to build the home belongs to the
City. The motion was carried.
A vote was taken on the matter of
awarding the contract for furnishing plans
for the new municipal building, and as a
deadlock still existed the subject went
over for a week.
The ordinance putting the matter of ex
tending the bog limits over for six months
was passed to print without a diasenting
voice.
CITY IMPROVEMENTS.
Details of the Work Now Before the
Supervisors.
Following is a summary of the street
improvements, etc., now under the consid
eration of the Supervisors:
STREET WORK ORDERED.
Green, Hyde to Leavenworth— Granite curbs
stone sidewalks.
Green and Hyde— Stone sidewalks.
Twelfth and Bernice— ? tone sidewalk.
Twelfth, Folsom to Harrison— Plauk sidewalks.
Oak, Broderick to Baker— Stone sidewalks.
l-rniikiiu, Kills to O'Farrell— Stone sidewalks.
Ford, Noe to Sanchez— Eight-inch iron-stone pipe
sewer with two manholes.
Fifteenth, Potrero avenue to Utah— Eight-Inch
iron-stone pipe sewer.
Buena Vista, Waller to Thirteenth—Fourteen
ineh iron-stone pipe Hewer and storm water Inlet.
Hill street, Valencia to Guerrero— Stone side
walks.
Hough, Sacramento to Washington— Granite
cures, paving, bitumen.
Green and . I ones— Crossing, bitnmen.
First avenue, Washington to Jackson—
curbs, sione sidewalks; paving, bitumen; storm
water inlet.
first avenuo and California street— Corners, stone
sidewalks, bitumen.
Mnripo3a and Utah— Crossing graded*.
Fifteenth and San Bruno—
Market and Sixteenth— Klghteen-lnch Iron-stone
pipe sewer and sUteen-lnch pipe In westerly por
tion of crossing. ..v - -.
PBOPOSALfI BEADVEBTIBKD.
First avenue and Clement street— Eight-Inch
Iron-stone pipe sewer.
Fifteenth, Cnurch to Market— Plank: sidewalks.
Thirteenth, Folsom to Harrison— Paving with
bitumen. • •
EESOLUTIO-VS OF intention;
Castro, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth— j
curbs, lasalt block pavements.
Chattanooga, Twenty-first to Twenty-second—
Grunlto curbs and artificial stone sidewalk.
Chenery, Falrmount to Miguel— Grading, red
wood curbs, gntterways, macadamizing.
Chenery and Miguel— Crossing, graded, redwood
curbs macadam.
iheni-ry and Mateo— Crossing, redwood curbs,
grading, macadam.
Chenery, Mateo to Roanoke— Grading, redwood
curbs, macadamizing. •,:■.
Chenery and Koanoke— Crossing, Chenery and
Castro crossing, grading, redwood curbs, macadam.
■ Church. Seventeenth to . Eighteenth— Ten-Inch
■tone sewer pipe. ' -• . .
Guerrero. Eighteenth to Nineteenth—
stone sidewalks. •• - •
Howard, Mm to Second— Artificial stone side
walks where not laid.
Flf tn and Harrison, southerly corner— Artificial
stone sidewalk.
" Bryant, Division to Alameda— curbs,
paving, bitumen. ■ • , i
Bryant and Alameda— Paving, bitumen.
Bryant, A lnmeda to Fifteenth— curbs,
paving, bitumen. *.. • i--:;
- Bryant, fifteenth to sixteenth— Granite curbs,
paving, bitumen. ' ■ . \
: I.yon, Jackson to Pacific— Stone sliewalk,
Bryant and Sixteenth crossing— Paving, bitumen.
Bryant, .Sixteenth to Seventeenth— Granite
curbs, paving,' bitumen.,- ■ .
Devlsadero, Jackson to Pacific— sidewalks,
roughened. - ■ ■ •.
. !)<• visadero and Jackson, corner— Stone bide
walk.
Twenty-second and Chattanooga, four corners-
Stone sidewalks. ... . ;.-
S"UI.I. ACCIPTANCEB.
Fifteenth, Church to Dolores— Bitumen.
Fifteenth, Shotwell to Folsom— Bitumen.
GoldeaUate avenue, Broderickto Baker—Bitu
men. .
I Hhpridan, Ninth to Bitumen.
: Sanchez, Fourteenth to Fifteenth- Bitumen.
SCOtt, California to Sacramento — Bitumen. . ".
Twenty-third and Chattanooga crossing—Bitu
men. ..■■■...-. ■ ■ .
Page, Pierce to Scott— Bitumen. ,
OBDKBS TO BE ADVKBTISEDw -.^ "..'"'.
'Fell, Baker to Stanyan— b3 a boulevard,
along which no railroad shall ever be built, nor
houses moved. '. r ■-- .. ;
• Fell, : Baker to Prohibiting heavy
traffic upon. .'*' : ; ...
• Fell, Baker to Stanyan— Empowering Chief of
Police to enforce order. . '
French' Changing name from Southern
Pacific Hallway to Mission street to Charles street.
• AWARDS OF STRKET WORK.
. Seventh avenae, I to J— Kedwood curbs, road
way and walks, macadamized; : curbs, 18c;
macadam, 10c; John Tuttle. '. .' - '- '". ■■•'••
-Dore street, Harrison to Bryant— Paving with
bitumen, U3c; granite curbs, 88c; Fllnn & Trcacy.
| York, Twentieth sto Twenty-first— Paving, bitu
men. 20c; i ran He curbs. 76c: William C. Raisch.
■ Point Lobos and Fifth— Storm-water inlet, $54;
W. C. Kalsch. .- - ••.•••...; -..'■
i ' Point Lobos and Fourth— Culvert, f 54; William
Raise h. , . i -
: Kay and T-,nrkin : crossing— Ten-inch Ironstone
sewer-pipe, 40c; 12-lncb, 60c: 16-Inch, 60c; cor
■■-.■' . ■ ." ' ■ ■ ■ . ■ , ■,' .
new, each $82, with granite curbs and plank side
walks, $40: manhole and cover, $30: to W. A.
Stark.
Prescott, 137 feet 6 inches from Vallejo street, to
connect with Vallejo sewer— Ten-inch Ironstone
pipe, $125; storm-water inlet, $30; manhole, $10:
to Vanni Marjilio.
Baker, Lombard to Beach— Macadam, 7^4c; red
wood curbs, 15c; plans sidewalk, 79c; JohuKelso.
STREET i • MMI rrKK RRrORT.
San Jose avenue— City Engineer be requested to
give a full descrip ion of the land embraced in San
Jose avenue, from Ocean avenue to Punnyside.
Manhole nuisance. Washington and Cherry — Re
ferred to Superintendent of Streets for examina
tion.
Great Highway, from Ingleside road— That trie
Boulevard and Driving Association be empowered
to construct approach to, also culvert, for $490.
I .yon street, south from Filbert — In favor of re
ferring to City Engineer to ma c surveys. ■
Charles- street bridge— Empowering contractor
to cover exposed surface with gheetlrou ; cost $250.
French street— To be changed to Charles street.
First street, sidewalk on northeast side, between
Mission and Howard— Street Superintendent In
structed to require property-owners to improve.
Fell street, strlner 10 Pierce — For acceptance:
referred to Superintendent of Streets to examine.
Ptanyan street, from Halght to eenth:
Cole, from Halght to Carl; Clayton, from Haigh:
to Frederick— That bituminous rock sidewalks
nine feet wide be constructed.
Clay street, between Baker and Lyon — Pav
ing postponed for six months. I-'
--• Wardwell <fc Wiese released from their contract
for constructing sewer Lombard, Hyde to Larkin .
Union and Taylor— Sidewalk. That Superin
tendent of Streets recommend construction of
permanent sidewalk. ■-. ,<-.-• i ■ '
Brannan street, Ninth to Channel— Fifteen days'
time extension on paving.
Page, Pierce to Scott— ln favor of acceptance;
bitumen.
San Bruno avenue at Marlposa street — Recom
mending passage of order changing grades.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO SUPERINTENDENT OF
BTBEETS DIRECTING HIM TO RECOMMEND.
Prospect and Esmeralda; grading, sewering, etc.
Prospect, ' smeralda to Virginia; grading, etc.
Nineteenth, Castro to Sanchez: plank sidewalks.
Florida, Twenty-first to Twenty-second; side
walks. . .:
Charles, Chenery to French; grading, sewering,
macadamizing. , . -.
'Fifteenth, San Bruno to Rhode Island: grading.
Prospect and Coso; grading, sewering, etc.
PROTESTS REPORTED ADVERSELY.
Scott, Hayes and Fell ; stone sidewalks.
Amazon, Mission to Paris; grading, etc
Capp, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth; paving.
York, Twentieth to .Twenty-lint; paving, bitu
men.
Twenty- fifth, San Bruno to Vermont: grading.
Superintendent of streets to recommend and
stare construction of artificial stone sidewalks
around Alamo square.
petitions.
Placed on file— Extension of time grading Alamo
square; annulling grading of Polk, Greenwich to
Lombard; paving Greenwich alley; opening Pope,
Mission to Cross; protest against paving Franklin,
Lombard to Bay; protest against, acceptance of
Hill street, Valencia to Guerrero: against paving
Castro, Sixteenth to Seventeenth: Fourteenth,
Church to Sanchez: Linden, Van Ness to Franklin
OBJECTIONS TO BTREKT WORK KKCOMMKN'DKD TO
-5-i-K'- BE HEARD.
Against sidewalks— Fifteenth. Guerrero to Va
lencia, ; April 27, 3 p. m.; sewering— Lyon and
Chestnut to beach, same date and hour; sidewalks
— Chattanooga, Twenty-first to Twenty-second,
May 4, 3 p. M. < .
FULL ACCEPTANCES RECOMMENDED BY BTBEET
SUPERINTENDENT.
Central avenue, Jackson to Pacific— Bitumen.
Devisadero. Jnckson to Pacific— Cobbles. •; » ' ".
Masonic, Haleht to Bitumen.
Pi ne, Devisadero to Broderick— Bitumen.
Shotwell, Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth—Bitu
men. ; ,
Sacramento, Laurel to Locust— Bitumen.
Sacramento, Spruce to Maple— Bitumen.
Union, Scott to Devisadero— Bitumen.
Crossing. Fillmore and Hayes— Bitumen.
Crossing,' Sacramento and Maple — Bitumen.
Crossing, Sacramento and Locust— Bitumen.
IMPROVEMENTS RECOMMENDED iBY SUPERIN
TENDENT OF STREETS.
Fillmore, Broadway to Valleio— Artiflclal-stone
sidewalks, paving roadway with cobbles.
Fillmore, Vallejo and — Stone sidewalks,
paving wit h cobbles.
Rhode Island, Twenty-second to Twenty-third —
Grading, ten-inch iron-stone sewer pipe, covers for
manholes.
Treat avenue, Twenty-first to Twenty-second—
Granite curbs, paving with bitumen.
' Twenty-first, Folsom to Harrison— Bitumen.
Twentieth, Howard to Folsom— Bitumen.
De Haro, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Grade a.
De Haro and Twenty-third, crossing— Graded.
Twenty-third, Rhode Island to De Haro— Graded.
Clipper, Castro to Dlmond— Plank sidewalk..
Alameda, Potrero to Utah— Graded.
. ■ Twenty-eighth, Guerrero to Dolores— Plank side
walk.
Pierce, Golden Gate to Turk— Stone sidewalk,
westerly side. •
Pierce. Turk to Eddy— Stone sidewalk.
Pierce, Eddy to Ellis — Stone sidewalk on west
erly side.
Pierce, Ellis to O'Farrell, westerly side— Stone
sidewalk.
Hayes. Steiner to 'Pierce— Stone sidewalks.
Si on, east side O&k to Fell— Stone sidewalks.
Guerrero, Nineteenth to Twentieth— atone side
walk*. . : ..
Fifth and Shipley— sidewalk.
Twentieth, Howard to Shotwell— Ten-Inch Iron
stone pipe sewer. . ■
Fret-lon, l-ourth to Fifth— Bitumen sidewalk.
Branuan. Fourth to Fifth— Bitumen sidewalk.
Page, Central avenue to Masonic, north aide-
Stone sidewalk. '
Treat avenue, Twentieth to Twenty-first—Bitu
men.
Elgin Park, Hermann to Thirteenth— Stone side
walks. . ■
Mission blocks 13 and 14— To establish grades on
Stevenson, Crocker, Brady and Colton place.
Larkin, Laguiia, Lombard and Bay— That City
Engineer be iustructed to prepare stem of
sewers.
Chelsea ' place, from Bush southeasterly—Re
establishment of grades. ■ . <
Jackson, opposite Pierce— That a plat 40 feet
square be provided for the United Slates Geodetic
Survey observatory now in Alta plaza.
RECOMMENDATIONS BY SUPERINTENDENT ■OF
i.'V. BTBEETS. ■• - •
City Hall avenue, McAllister to Larkin— To re
advertise for bids for sione sidewalk, south side.
Twenty-third and Florida— Crossing.
Twenty-third and Alabama— Crossing; to reject
all hid- for stone sidewalks. • 
Chestnut, Larkin to Polk—
Clinton Park, Valencia to Stevenson—To pass
street-work to a resolution ordering grading.
Caselli avenue, Falcon to Danvers — grant
sixty days' extension on grading contract.
Seventeenth. Kansas to Vermont— Sewering con
tract, extension thirty days.
Lombard, Polk and Lyon— Curbs, cesspools, etc.,
sixty days.
Missouri, Sliver to Huron— Grading, etc., thirty
days.
Thirteenth. Castro to Scott— Paving, sixty days.
Van Ness avenue, Union street to Paving,
sixty days.
Broderick, Geary to Post— Paving, seventy days'
extension.
PROTESTS.
Twenty-third, Rhode Island to De Haro—
De Haro, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Sewer.
A and Eighth avenues— Sewer.
A, Seventh to Eighth avenu-s— Brick sewer.
Valencia, Sixteenth to Seventeenth— Stone side
walks.
Union, Pierce to Scott— Stone sidewalk.
Twenty-third, Kansas to Rhode Island—Side
walk.
Market, East to Seventh—
Linden avenue, Franklin to Gough streets—
Bitumen.
Harrison— Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Paving.
Fitlmore. Haight to Page— Paving.
Church, Sixteenth to seventeenth — Paving, etc
Castro, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth— Paving,
etc.
Seventh avenue, H to L South streets— Grading,
Bay, west of Jones— Paving with cobbles.
erred to Street Committee.
PETITIONS, i" i •
Charles A French— Electric light. ■ *.*.) * fe
Thirteenth, Folsom to Harrison— To resume
paving.
From Mary E. Rowlands for refunding $225
paid on an erroneous assessment on real estate.
Sixteenth— To lay stone sidewalk at 313 to 3137.
Seventeenth, Diamond jto Douglass— To lay as
phalium sidewalk.
De Haro and Twenty-third— Resuming worJc on
sewer and substituting stone for plank sidewalks.
Elizabeth, Castro to Sanchez— Stone or plank
s dewalks.
Brady— Construction of sewers.
Elizabeth, Castro to Sanchez— Stone or plank
Sidewalks.
Railroad avenue, Eighteenth to Thirty-fifth
avenues— Grading, macadamizing, etc.
Pope, Mission ■to county line— establish grades,
sewering, grading and macadamizing.
Filbert, Leaven worth and Hyde— To pave with
cobbles. • •'■; " ■ -
Stanynn, Eighteenth to Halght; Cole, Haight to
Cnrl ; Clayton, Halght to Frederick — Laying stone
sidewalks.
Guerrero, Fourteenth to Fifteenth— Release from
paving contract. -..-:■ • ■ ■ • > - . --: o
Seventh, King to Berry— To lay sidewalk.
Fourteenth, - Church to Sanchez— For improve
ment. . . ■ ■ .. : --:......
Ban Miguel and Thirty-fourth— Fora steel bridge
over Southern Pacific Railway.
Bemis, .^an Miguel to Mateo — Grading, macada
mizing, etc. '
Jefferson and Broderick— Appeal from assess
ment of cost of paving.
- LOWEST ■ BIDS. 5 . ..'
Broderick. Lombard to Chestnut— Grading 30
cents, macadamizing 7% cents, plank sidewalks
10 cents and 15 cents.
Broderick and chestnut— Crossing macadam 7
cents, complete corner $15.
Webster, Bay to Francisco— Macadam 7 cents,
plank sidewalk 77 cents.
Twenty-fourth avenue, A to C— Regradlng 10
cents.
Twenty-first, Castro ■to Diamond— 51
cents. ' •
i Webster and Gray crossing— cad am 7% cents,
complete corner *15. .
Fifteenth, Valencia to Guerrero— Bitumen 17V2
cents, curb 85 cents. ■-.'■:■ - ■
I Union, Dupont to Kearny, paving— Bitumen 16
cents, curb 80 cents.
Van Ness, Green to Union— Bitumen 22 cents,
curb 85 cents,
s Pa?e. Cole to Shrader— Curb 85 cents, stone side
walk 10 cents. '-v.-v* ■• --..-.
Corner Tenth and Folsom— Stone sidewalk 13
cents.
Railroad avenue, Second to Eighteenth— Plank
sidewalks $1 19. . '
Union, Pole to Van Ness— Stone sidewalk &A
cents.-.-.- -■:..;... '.;:■..-.■.■,-_.. . .
Valencia, Sixteenth to Seventeenth— Stone side
walks 10% cents.
- Waller, bcott to Devisadero— Stone sidewalks 13
cents. ■'-■ ■ ■./.: .■•"'•. ■ .■- .■:. . : -, .
ii Waller. Devisadero to Broderick— side
walks 13 cents. • , . , . .
, Dorland, Dolores to Church— Sewer 12 Inch. 93
cents; manholes, each $ 35.
AUTHORIZATIONS.
Broadway and Van Ness avenue, crossing, bitu
men. City Street improvement Company, 18*/*
cents: total $1746 60.
Taylor. Pacific to Broadway, repaying, bitumln,
$1914.
Sixteenth, Folsom to ; Harrison. $643 98, rock:
filling; basalt paving, granite curb* and planic
sidewalks. ...-• < : .■ ■- . .
OBADES RAISED AND ESTABLISHED.
San Bruno, south of Mariposa street, 2.50 feet,
established 102.50.
San Bruno, 160 feet south, established, 110.75
feet. - • . - ■ ■■]-:<■
M KXTBX6IONB ON BTBKKT WORK.
Scott, Waller to Thirteenth ; Market, Noe to Cas
tro: Market. Noe to Sanchez: Market and Noe
crosslne— Sixty days.
Twenty-fourth and Chattanooga and Twenty
fourth and .Dolores, crossing, thirty days.
Folsom, Seventeenth to Eighteenth, and San
chez, Seventeenth to Eighteenth, thirty days.
Grove, Baker to Lvon. thirty <lays.
P street south, Tenth and Eleventh avenues,
thirty days.
Holly Park avenue, thirty days.
Seventeenth. Potrero to York, thirty Cays. .
(Sixteenth and Vermont, crossing, thirty days.
BrannaiJ, Ninth to Division, fifteen days.
RESOLUTIONS.
San Francisco and San Mateo Railway Company ;
required to file statement of gross receipts and to
pay '2 per cent of same to City Treasurer.
Same, instructing City and County Attorney to
' attend to nece«sary legal matters in premises. -
Returning check or $600 involved in Norton
suit, deposited with F. W. Doyle's bid to remove
garbage for year 1895.
Appointing William Mooser Jr. architect of the
Home for Dipsomaniacs and requiring him to file
plan* in fifteen days. '
BIDS MENDED BY STBKKT COMMITTEE.
Prescott for 137 ! from Valiejo— V. Murjlllio,
sewer, 81 25; storm water inlet, $30; manhole, $10.
Bay and Jerkin crossings— W. A. Stark, sewer,
40, 50 and 60 cents; corners, $82 and $10; man
hole, $40. v
■ Point liobos and Fifth avenues, northwest corner
— W. C. P.alsch, stormwater inlet, $s*.
Point Lobos ami Fourth avenues, northeast cor
ner— C. Balsch, stormwater inlet, $64. -
Seventh avenue, I to J streets— Tuttle,
curbs. 10 cents: macadam, 18 cents. -
York- Twentieth and Twenty-first streets— W. C.
Baisch. curbs, 76 cents; bitumen, 20 cents.
Dore, Harrison and Bryant — Flynn &
Traecy, curb, 88 cents; bitumen, 23 cents.
IMPROVING THE HEIGHTS.
Sewers, Curbs and Cesspools
Finding Places on New
Streets.
A Reservoir en the Topmost Elevation
to Be Constructed in the
Near Future.
The Southern Heights district, which is
the aristocratic name for the Potrero, is
assuming residence pretensions which
may in the near future compare favorably
with the Nob Hill section as a choice
elevated site for fancy dwellings.
To the end that these praiseworthy and
lofty aspirations may be realized the Po
trero Improvement Company is doing all
it can to place the land in suitable condi
tion for comfortable if not for fancy home
sites.
The superintendent of the improvement
company put an extra gang of laborers to
work yesterday to level, fill in and grade
Mariposa street, between Pennsylvania
and Mississippi. Besides this the work on
the blocks bounded by Minnesota, Indi
ana, Napa and Sierra streets is being
pushed as fast as men and money can
force labor in cutting and filling the hills
and hollows in this section.
An extra cable has been put on the crav
ity road, by which additional cars and
heavier loads may be used in removing the
rock and clay from the cuttings to the hol
lows where the earth is dumped.
This work necessitates the raising and
lowering of houses erected on those streets
before the official grade has been ascer
tained. In some cases the rise is as much
as fifteen feet and in others only about five
feet, but in all cases the owners cheerfully
acquiesce in the extra expense, as they
know that without an official grade, good
streets and proper sewerage the district
would never improve or become a favora
ble location for residence.
A fourteen-inch sewer is beine put down
on Kansas street, between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth, with crossings, culverts and
cesspools on Seventeenth and Kansas.
This sewer will be continued up Seven
teenth to Vermont with the proper curb
ing and culverts. This will bring the sec
tion into practical utility as a residence
locution and easily accessible to the Six
teenth-street electric-car line.
One of the great drawbacks to the South
ern Heights as a suitable residence loca
tion is the lack of water. In consequence
of the elevation being higher than any of
the Spring Valley Water Company's reser
voirs it has been found impossible* to get a
supply of -water to the dwellings on the
summit of the heights.
The water which supplies the Potrero
comes from the college reservoir on the
Mission road. The Spring Valley Com
pany has and is now looking for a suitable
site at the highest elevation on the South
ern Heights summit upon which to locate
a reservoir.
In speaking with the officers of the en
gineers' department of the Spring Valley
Water Company yesterday a Call man
was informed that just as soon as the com
pany found a suitable location and one
that the owner would sell for its value a
reservoir would be built and a main run
from it that would supply tbe highest
point with water. "But, added the offi
cial, "the property-owners must first assist
themselves by grading the streets. This
company cannot go to the expense of put
ting pipes in the air nor yet so deep under
ground as to bury them for all time to
"Just as Boon as people on the Southern
Heights invite us by DUtting their streets
in proper condition, and will sell us a
proper piece of ground upon which to
erect a reservoir, the company will respond
and give them all the water necessary lor
the uext hundred years."
More progressive residents on the Ken
tucky-street iine are clamoring for a police
patrols-wagon for that and the Soutn San
.Francisco district. An application to this
effect will be presented to the Supervisors
id the near future.
Large Real Estate Transfer.
Tne property on the southwest corner of Van
Ness avenue and O'Farrell street, having a
frontage on Van Ness avenue of 120 feet by a
depth alonjr O'Farrell street of 178:6 feet ex
tending through to Olive avenue, has been
sold by Madison <fe Burke for $65,000; tne own
ers are the McNamara estate; purchaser the
Congregation Sherith Israel. This sale has
been pending a long time and was finally con
summated by this firm.
Folsnm- Street Medric Railway.
Work on the Folsom-street electric road will
be begun about Thursday. Material is now
being hauled to the neighborhood of Nine
teenth street, where the construction work is
to begin and whence it will be continued east
ware.
Missionary School.
The Missionary Extension Summer Bchool
will be held this year from June 24 to July
?.. at ,9 1( ; n^ ood ' in the Santa Cruz Mountains
Miss M. L. Berry is the superintendent
NEW TO-DAY.
JOHN E.MILLAR. THOS. B. SIMPSON
SIjIPSO.\&M!LHR,f^-^ &1
Branch Office, NW.cor. McAllister and Larkln.
535 CALIFORNIA STREET *.
Telephone 1932. , San ranc i 3ea
ALSEN'S
PORTLAND CEMENT.
Strongest, Finest Ground" and Most Onlfonn
Sre^eVt Pr^du^lo^ %^ Lar * eSt W ° rkB .s*.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO., Agts.,
327-329 Market St., S. F.
FLINN £ TREACY.
ART STONE— SIDEWALKS - AND
,».-.• STREET PAVEMENTS. - '_'
SO 1 MONTCJOMBRYST
NEW TO-PAY. _____
M. STEIN,
Successor to SWAN & STEIN.
House and Sign Painting
Papering, Etc.
AT THE OLD STAND ....
759 MARKET ST. 759
Opposite l'helan Building.
TELEPHONE MAIN 372.
ONLY FIRST-CLASS WORK.
REAL ESTATE INVESTORS
SHOULD HAVE THEIR TITLES INSURED
Before purchasing. Property which does not
have a perfect title Is a bad investment. A
policy of Insurance In the
CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE
AND TRUST COMPANY
GUARANTEES A PERFECT TITLE.
And secures the purchaser against mil loss
and damages Incident to record defects.'
The Company has a paid up cash capital ot
9250,000 and a cash reserve fund of $25,000.
Abstracts .Made for the Use of Attorneys.
MOMJY LOANED on real estate at oar-
rent rates.
This Company has the best abstract plant
west of the Rocky Mountains.
OFFICE— BUILDING.
CITY
Street Improvement Co.
corns 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Mills Building. -
Telephone Main 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DTJTARD IS J. W. McDONALD, Pre»
C. B. BTONB 2 W. K. DENNI3ON, Sec.
T. B. BISHOP [$ COL. J. H. MENDELL.
J. W. MeUOXALD I B Corps of Engineers, U.S.A.
W.E.DENNISONja (Retired),
Coxsui/rixo ExaufKEß.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, Cal., All Kinds of Street
„. ™ and Work, Bridges and
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
BITUJIES MM. gSsSft. Jettle> and
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS:
Timothy Hopkins, jr. S. Severance,
N. T. Smith.
A. C. Bnnsett President
J. H. Swift : Vice-President
F. C. Lewis Secretary
PACIFIC PAfIG COMPANY
(Incorporated 1887),
GENERAL STREET CONTRACTORS.
Santa Cruz and San Lull Obiiipo Bitu-
minous Rock For Sale in Any Quantity.
OFFICE-Rooms ' 106 and 108 Phelan
Building. Telephone— Main 656.
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Work.
_____
CRUSHED TRAP ROCK
FOB
Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE-316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main Sill.
A. E. BUCKMAN,
, ■ 302 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING. SEWERING,
; . . MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
UNNEL., R A ILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.
OFFICE TELEPHONE
Main 991. •
STABLE, STEIN EB AND WALLER »TS.,
• :':•:; Telephone West 14.
WARREN & MALLEY,
OFFICES: '
232 Montgomery St. COiWRACTORS.
Telephone, Main 180* lAlil 1 11 At 1 Uh\
212 Ninth Street.
" - - Telephone, Sooth 161.
Bay and Laguna ata. . .
: Telephone, West 789. '
San Bruno Quarry.
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells.
SHINGLE STAIN.
Dexter Bros. 1 English Shingle Stains have proved
a very superior article for general use, not only for
preserving and beautifying shingles, but for all
outside work. This stain to a real preservative and
will not fade or grow dingy, but, on the contrary
increases in brightness with age. It does not
scale, blister or peel off.
SMITH & YOUNG. Agents,
; 723 Market Street.
CALIFORNIA
ONCRErE >O.
OMPANY. !<s?'
Artificial Stone Pavements, Foundations
Cellar Floors, Steps, Garden Walks and Orna-
mental Work. 2j^ r -
-14 POST ST. Telephone Main 110.
CUSHING-WETMORE
COMPANY.
CONCRETE AND "ARTIFICIAL STONE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
508 CALIFORNIA ST., room 9.
GEORGE GOODMAN,
PATENTEE AND MANUFACTURER OP
ARTIFICIAL STONE
IN ALL ITB BRANCHES. .0" .
OFFICE— 3O7 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEVADA BLOCK.
———————— -——-———--——-——--—_________
ALVA B. CLTJTK, C. 8. HARNEY,
President. , # Vlce-Pres. and Manager.
Union Paving and Contracting Co.,
302 MONTGOMERY ST.
JOHN TUTTLE,
OOKTTRAOTOR,
Telephone West 583. 516 Haight St
CITY LOTsIIRVEYEDr
SMITH, SOULE & STAHLE,
418 Calirornla Street.
R. FLAHERTY,
ASPHALTUM-WORKER
Pare Crude Asphaltum For Sale.
35 POST STR&ET.
SHEA & SHEA,
ARoaiTBOTS,
Telephone 911. 28 Montgomery st.
Tel. Main 771. St .JUGGLING WITH
POSTOFFICE PLANS.
Architect Aiken Responsi
ble for the Long
Delay.
THERE IS NO CONFLICT
Statement That Judges and Post
master Disagree Rid
iculed.
BOOMS ON DIFFERENT FLOORS
There Is No Knowing When tie
Plans Will Ec Ready That
Bids May Be Called For.
The long delay in the beginning of work
on the new Postoffice and United States
Court building can now be safely attri
buted to the willful neglect of the Treasury
Department at Washington. An attempt
was made to saddle the responsibility on
the Supervising Architect at Washington,
lie in turn gave it out that Postmaster
McCoppin and Circuit Judge McKenna and
District Judge Morrow delayed the enter
prise by withholding the floor plans for
tueir respective apartments and whicu
had been submitted to them for any
changes they might deem advisable.
It hes been shown by the letter of the
Postmaster to the architect at Washing
ton, and the statements of the Federal
Judges, all of which were printed in The
Call, that the assertions eminating from
the office of the Government architect
were absolutely without foundation.
The Postmaster and the Judges made
their reports in February last They made
many suggestions as to how they wanted
their rooms arranged and these changes
could have been made and the plans fin
ished since the original reports were made.
Mr. Aisen sent another letter to the post
master in March. It was accompanied by
a second set of plans. Four days later the
The Schooner Bonanza, Built by Ralston of the Bank of California in 1875 and in Which Many a Party of Millionaires
Took Excursions Around the Bey. She Is >cw Lying at Main-Street Wharf, Leaking at the Rate of 10 Inches an Hour.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.\
Postmaster replied to the inquiry and
plainly stated that the second plans were
less acceptable than the first. His letter
wag dated April 7. It was after this last
letter had been sent that Mr. Aiken gave
out the statement to The Call correspond-
ent at Washington, accusing the Postmas
ter and the Judges of unnecessary delay
in returning the plans for the building.
Mr. Aiken has since acknowledged the
receipt of Mr. McCoppin's letter of April
7, and says he will now be able to finish
the plans without further delay. He does
not know when the plans will be ready so
that bids can be called for. This means
another long chapter of anxious waiting
for San Francisco to get from the Federal
Government what Congress has already
allowed.
Mr. Aiken's statement that there ii a
conflict between the Judges and the Post
master as to the arrangement of their re-
epective apartments in the proposed build
ing is a contradiction initself. TheJudge3
lave no jurisdiction over the Postmaster's
apartments ana the Postmaster has noth
ing whatever to do with the Judges' cham
bers. The postal department will have
the ground floor and the Judges will have
an upper floor — probably the top one.
Therefore, there can be no possible con
flict between the Judges and the Post
master.
"The fact ie," said Mr. McCoppin, "the
California delegation should wait on Mr.
Carlisle, Secretary of the Treasury, and
urge him to do something toward hasten
ing along the enterprise. Of course it
takes a long time to get Government build
ings under way und much longer to get
them finished.
"The statement sent out from the archi
tect's oflire that I delayed the plans is all
wron^. But they don't seem to care what
they do or Bay at Washington. It is quite
different with the citizens of San i-'ran
cisco, always anxious to promote the wel
fare of the community, to be unjustly
criticised. People really hold me respon
sible whem statements of this kind are
maae and not contradicted, and life is
altogether too brief to contradict every
statement made against a person holding
a public office or public trust, and espe
cially a PostmnsUr. !>
Mr. McCoppin believes that he will be
with the angels long before Mr. Aiken
completes his plans and work on the new
Postofflce is actually begun. He thinks it
possible, however, that the San Francisco
child born to-day may liv« to see the
foundation laid.
SUING FOR SUPPORT.
Delia Beretta Thinks Her Husband
Should Help Her Out.
Delia Beretta is suing Angelo Beretta
for $50 a month alimony.
She alleges that they were married on
July 30. 1871, and that since that time they
have been able to accumulate property to
the value of $00,000. She says that on
May last, without any provocation, her
husband drove her from her home, and
then filed a petition to have her declared
incompetent and have himself appointed
her guardian. This was done, she says,
solely for the purpose of securing from the
savings bank a sum of $1000 which had
been deposited there nnd which was tbeir
joint property. When this money was se
cured the order declaring her incompetent
nnd that appointing her husband as ncr
guardian were set aside.
Since May, the plaintiff alleges, she has
been trying to support herself, and the
only assistance she has received from her
husband has been $90, which he gave her
at different times in September, October
and November. She has no income ex
cept $20 a month from the rent of a house,
the plaintiff continues, and being in
straitened circumstances she applied to
her attorneys. P. F. Benson and W. H.
Chapman, for advice. They gave her pa
pers to sign, and she afterward found that
she had sizned an agreement not to ask
her husband ior support nor to see her
children.
She asks that the paper be declared null
and that her husband be compelled to pay
her $50 a month for her support; also that
she have the care of her youngest two
children.
RALSTON'S BOAT ALEAK
The Millionaire's Bonanza Takes
In Ten Inches of Water
an Hour.
Now a TradiDg Schooner, but Origin
ally Built for a Wealthy Man/s
Pleasure Craft.
Many and many a vessel has descended
from a clipper to a coliiei, and others that
were famous during the war as blockade
runners are now used as barges or arks on
tne rivers and streams of the Atlantic and
Pacific. Yachts have been turned into
trading schooners and whaling vessels,
and many a borne ashore has been built
out of the remains of crack boats that
once housed the millionaire.
One of the most famous old-time yachts
in San Francisco is ttie schooner of to-day
known as the Bonanza. In 1875 Bhe was
one of the smartest and best appointed
vessels in the bay, and during her weekly
cruises all the wealth and beauty in the
City used to be aboard. To-day she is ly
ing at Main-street wharf, leaking at the
rate of 10 inches an hour, and her owners
have been compelled to discharge her
cargo in order to save further expenses.
The hull is still sound.
The Bonanza wa» built for W. C. Ral
ston of the Bank of California nearly
twenty-one years ago. At that time she
was the finest and most sumptuously
fitted out yacht on the Pacific Coast. The
millionaire banker made many a cruise in
her, and the chances are that many a
"deal" had its foundation laid in her
cabin. She is a little over 152 tons bur
den, 102 feet long, 27 feet 2 inches broad
and 8 feet 7 inches deep, so that the cabin
space was ample and the accommodation
for the crew more than sufficient. Even
now the Bonanza has one of the finest
cabins of any schooner trading out of San
Francisco.
Aft^r Ralston'a death the Bonanza was
used for a time as a yacht, but was finally
turned into a trader. As such she carried
all kinds of merchandise between this and
other coast ports. Next she appeared as a
t-eaier and made a number of trips for
the Lirbeses, and always did well. A few
weeks a o she was fitted out for a "trad
ing cruise," or, properly speaking, a
"whaling and trading cruise." There can
be no doubt about the vessel going whaling,
as Agent A. P. Lorentzen has placed on
board a whaling-boat and a captain who
knows whales can be caught in the Bering
Sea.
When the Bonanza had been docked and
overhauled and loaded it was discovered
she was leaking at the rate of two inches
an hour. Agent Lorentzen decided to
send her to sea, however, and make the
men stand their trick at the pumps. More
cargo was loaded into her last Saturday,
and Sunday ehe was leaking at the rate of
ten inches an hour.
It was finally decided to discharge the
schooner and look for the leak. Just
where it is cannot be determined, but all
day a cang of men were engaged in remov
ing the ruddar in order to rind out where
the trouble was. The chances are that fie
famous old schooner will have to go on
the dry dock again for a thorough over
hauling.
The Williams Case.
In the case of Chinese Inspector Williams,
charged with bribery, his attorney yesterday
entered a demurrer to the indictment. It will
be argued before Judge Morrow on Friday.
Journals, Ledgers, Cash and Record Books,
Typewriting Papers, Bill Heads, Letter Heads,
Statements— in fact, all Blank Books and
Printing for office purpose*. Sanborn, Vail &
Co. , 741 Market street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 1896.
MYSTERY OF THE
SOMERS ESTATE
W. J. Ritchie Says Its
Value Was Not More
Than $35,000.
HINTS OF A SHRINKAGE.
Testator Was Conscious When
He Gave His Property to
Violet Gratz Brown.
LAST HOURS OF THE EDITOR.
Ritchie, the Executor, Explains Why
He Resigned— C. M. Palmer's
Memorial Tribu'e.
A few hours before his death at South
ampton, Eng., February 2, 1894, Fred M.
Somers signed a will giving all of his prop
erty to Violet Gratz Brown, a young lady
residing near St. Louis, Mo., to whom he
was engaged to be married. The will was
not offered for probate until some months
after Mr. Somers' death, when an action
contesting the will was brought in the
Surrogate's Court, New York, on behalf of
the mother and sisters of Mr. Somers, set
ting forth undue influence and incapacity
on the part of the testator.
A two-column story published in the
New York World of April 13 has caused a
d<>al of comment among men in circles of
San Francisco, where Fred Somers was
particularly well known. They had heard
of Mr. Somers' death at Southampton,
and were not surprised to hear that W. J.
Ritchie, a fellow -passenger on the steamer
New York en route to England, and also a
member of the Bohemian Club of San
Francisco, of which Mr. Somers was an
honorary member, had bpen appointed
executor under the will. To most of the
members of the club the announcement of
Mr. Somers' engagement to be married was
a surprise. Several, however, knew of the
tender attachment, having been guests at
Jack Schroeder's country home, when
Miss Brown and Mr. Somers were there.
What excites most comment in San Fran
cisco is this from the World :
Mystery oegan to gather about the case di
| rectly the announcement was made by cable
j from Southampton that a dying passenger ou
I the steamship New York h»d been taken ashore
| at Southampton, and his death on the follow
i ing day, February 2, was announced. From
this time Mr. Somers' intimate friends both in
New York and in London sought tor weeks to
j obtain particulars of their friend's death with
out getting any satisfaction beyond the fact
that Mr. Somers had been buried on February
i t> in Southampton; that he had left a will and
j made hig friend Ritchie executor and that he
(Ritchie) was attending to everything.
The first account in detail of what is said to
have taken place came by way of San Fran
cisco in the shape of a letter dated Bourne
mouth, February 13, 1894, and signed C. M.
Palmer. A copy of this letter was forwarded
to a man in New York, a friend of Mr. Somers
of years' standing. This letter was afterward
printed as a leaflet and circulated among the
members of the Bohemian Club, San Fran
cisco, of which Mr. Somers was a non-reiident
member. A letter from the late Frank M. I'ix
ley, editor and owner of the San Francisco
| Argonaut, which accompanied this copy, states
that it was written to William Qreer Harrison
| and given by him to Al Gerberdlng, a friend of
Somers and president of the Bohemian Club.
Mr. Palmer told how Mr. Somers' grave at
Southampton had been decorated with palms
and flowers, according to Buddhistis rites, on
the anniversary of the Bohemian Club's revel.
He also told of the elaborate funeral whicn
Mr. Somers had had.
The World's narrative then proceeds to
relate that a copy of this letter was sent to
a friend of Somers in London. A few
weeks afterward, in the month of Septem
ber, this friend went to Southampton and
saw tile head nurse at the llockstone Hos
pital, and also the undertaker, Mr. Creed.
The latter said Mr. Somers was not buried
near any parish church, but in the large
cemetery. The undertaker added that
there is a small mortuary chaoel there for
those awaiting burial, but Mr. Somers had
been brought directly to his establishment
and was laid out in an upper chamber,
where the bo ly rested until the funeral
on the fo:lowitig Tuesday. To a question
about the appearance of Mr. Sonic is, the
f riena was told :
"I don't suppose he could look very
natural, sir, being laid out all in white,
sir. Just a nightshirt and sheet wrapped
all around him."
The curator of the cemetery showed the
way to a grave set so closely between
others that there was barely a footway
on either side of it. It was unmarked, but
had the appearance of fresh 6odding.
"Why did you remove the palms and
other decorations which were put here in
August?" inquired the visitor of Thomas
A. Crook, the curator.
"There never were any palms or decora
tions here," he replied.
This curator alleged that the nurses who
had attended the dying man said that Mr.
Somers never mentioned the name of any
one during the A'hole time he was in the
hospital; not once did he refer in any
manner to Miss Violet Gratz Brown, the
lady said to be his fiancee. He dia not dic
tate any message, left no farewell, said
no good-by.
The contestants of the will say that $60,
--000 in gilt-edged bonds and cash which
Mr. Somers had with him when he sailed
have disappeared and are unaccounted for.
The World says:
Ritchie does not put in any evidence. He
resigned as executor before the will was offered
for probate, lie is said to be still living abroad,
principally in London, where he maintains
an establishment in good style.
W. J. Ritchie, executor of the wili, ar
rived in San Francisco several days ago
and left the City last Sunday evening for
New York. On leaving be gave directions
to have his mail forwarded to the Lotus
Club, New York. Before his departure he
was asked if he had seen the World's story
and replied in the affirmative. Then he
related some incidents of Mr. Somers' last
hours. He said:
"When taken to the hospital from the
steamer Somers did not know that he was
going to die. After medical examination
at the hospital the doctor came to me and
said, 'You had better inform your friend
that he cannot live but a few hours longer
and let him arrange his affairs.'
"Then I saw Somers and asked him how
he wanted to dispose of his effects. He
said, '1 want everything to go to the "little
girl," and you see to it, Ritchie.' 1 sug
gested that I couldn't do it in that off
hand way, and that a lawyer should be
called in and the thing put in writing.
'That's right,' said Somers.
" 'Well, how about the package in the
bank?' (meaning Somers' securities and
bonds).
" 'Yes; that goes to her. 1
H"Wnen I was about to leave the room to
get a lawyer Somers said: 'Hold on,
Ritchie, do you mean that it is all up
with me?' I replied: 'That's what the
doctor says.' He was silent for a moment
and then replied: 'All right.'
"When the will was presented to Mr.
Somers it was reau over to him distinctly,
and he said several times during the read
ing, 'That's right.' He was perfectly con
scious and ciear in his mind. When the
reading was finished he was propped up in
bed and, while very weak, he signed with
a firm hand.
"I wanted," continued Mr. Ritchie, "to
probate tne will in England, because I
know there is law in that country, but
Somers' attorneys in New York kept on
advising me by cable to send the will
there for probate. Finally I cabled asking
them to send me $475 expenses which I
had incurred and I would resign the trust,
and so I resigned. My deposition in the
contest has been taken. The contestants
proceeded on die belief that I knsw Miss
Brown, but I never saw her, and that is
very clearly set forth in my deposition.
Mr. Ritchie was asked as to the value of
the bonds and securities which Mr. Somers
left. He said:
"I estimate them at about $35,000. There
were some Erie bonds and others that had
depreciated since Somers purchased them.
Perhaps when he went to Japan shortly
after Belling Current Literature arid Short
Stories his bonds, etc., were worth $60,000,
but on some the interest had defaulted
and the value diminished. It was Somers'
idea to recuDerate financially before he
married. I know that he did not intend
that any of hi 3 money should go to hia
relatives. He distinctly said that he did
not want them to have any of his prop
erty, as he owed them nothing."
Mr. Ritchie says the bonds and securi
ties whicn Mr. Somers left are in New
York, but that the attorneys of Miss
Brown in the probate proceedings have
only introduced the life-insurance policy.
Game of Banket-Ball.
Ladies' night at the Young Men's Christian
Association Club was a most successful affair.
The programme, entitled "An Evening With
the Athletes," was well received, especially the
basket-ball game in which the Hercules and
Abigail teams, composed of ladies, struggled
for supremacy. The Abigails were victorious
by a score of 4 to 1. Much of the evening's
pleasure in due to the efforts of the Instructor,
ably assisted by Messrs. Shaw, Klnrman,
Spacher and Mitchell, who are always ready to
lend their services on such occasions.
The Rusher BasVet-ball '.earn, champions of
the Pacific Coast, is now playing the Germans a
scries of five games, one garnu a week, on Tues
day evenings at 8 o'clock sharp; also the Oak
lands in a series of three games; in the Oakland
Gymnasium, and would like to meet other
teams in a series of games for a trophy. The
puMic is cordially invited to attend.
Conimunicv.ions should be addressed to F
L. Shaw, manager R. B. B. T., Y. M. C. A.'
Mason and Ellis streets.
Wa=ps rank next to tho higher classes of
ants In point of insect intelligence.
DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT
00R GUARANTEE
WE POSITIVELY GUARANTEE DR. PIERCES PATENT GALVANIC CHAIN BELT TO BE
the best Electric Belt in the world for the least money for such an article. For Instance:
Our No. 2 Belt 'with Electric Suspensory), pri>'e $15, is warranted to be superior to others sold
nt from $80 to $50 each, and our No. 3 and XXX Belts are far ahead of anything in the line of
Electric Belts now manufactured in any part of the world. Dr. I'iorce's Belts give a more
POWERFUL ELECTRIC CURRENT than nny others; are more DURABLE; made of BETTKR
MATERIALS; contain tne LATEST IMPROVED ATTACHMENTS nnd are of more RECENT
PATENT than certain inferior poods, which are imposed on the public at exorbitant prices by
means of flaming newspaper advertisements and fnl*e claims of superiority. As for CURES,
this whole newspaper could be filled with testimonials in praise of Dr. Pleree'a Belts.
Electricity is a grand remedy when properly applied— as, for instance, by meansof a good
belt; but be sure yon feu a eood one while you are about it, and don't pay a fancy price for a
poor one. OUR PRICES iLnge from $5 to $i! 5. Current Regulators furnished free of charge
with every Belt.
Read our new book— PAMPHLET No. 2. It gives price list and full particulars, and is fur-
nished free of charge.
Call or Address - DR. PIERCE & SON, Proprietors,
Established 1875. 704 SACRAMENTO STREET (cor. Kearny),
largest Kkciric Belt and Truss (Second, Third and Fourth Floors),
Concern In the World. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
A HOME INDUSTRY FAIR.
Mechanics' Institute and Manu
facturers' Association
Combine.
They Will Make a Most Radical
Departure From All Previous
Expositions.
The preliminaries for one of the largest
home-industry fairs held on this coast
were begun yesterday at a meeting of com
mittees from the Mechanics' Institute and
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation. Messrs. Denicke, Thompson,
Lewis and Presson represented the insti
tute, and Messrs. Kerr, Sbarboro and Tacy
the association. The purpose of the meet
ing was to devise ways and means by
which the two organizations can unite in
conducting a grand exhibit of California
manufactured ana natural products next
fall.
After considerable discussion the com
mittees decided to recommend that the
exposition be confined to the manufac
tures and products of the Pacific Coast
States. Mr. Kerr was very anxious that it
be confined to this State and be a strictly
California fair, but the others decided to
include the other States on the coast as a
matter of courtesy. The next mutter con
sidered was what management the fair
should be under, and the recommendation
■will be that the exposition be held under
the auspices of both organizations; also
that the management be vested in a board
consisting of the board of trustees of th«s
Mechanics' Institute and three of the di
rectors of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, acting a3 an advisory
committee.
The question of the amount to be
charged as an admission fee to the fair
provoked a long discussion. Those of the
association want the charge to be as small
as possible, so as to induce everybody in
the City to attend and as often as* possible
that they may become familiar with all
articles of California production. The in
stitute people, or some of them, main
tained that a. small admission will not uay.
The committees will recommend that the
price of single admissions be 25 cents for
adults, day and evening, and 15 cents for
children under 14 years of age.
A number of other important questions
were to have been discussed, but the com
mittees thought best to report to their re
spective bodies the progress made so far
and to discuss the other features later.
From all appearances the proposad ex
position will be a radical departure from
any fair held in this City before. The
purpose is to not only show what is made
in California, but to show how it is made.
In order to do so it will be necessary to
make a part of the exhibit a school of in
struction. The manufacture of cloth,
shoes, harness, furniture, ironware, boat
building, electrical apparatus, etc.. will be
one of the most interesting features of the
affair. It has been said that local manu
ufacturers have been holding aloof because
most of the fairs held in ]ate years have
been too much exhibits of the products of
the Eest through local agencies, but from
the present prospects that cannot be said
this year and the local industries will have
the entire field to themselves, and the
only rivalry will be to see who can pro
duce the best goods at the most reasonable
prices.
KEW TO-DAY.
BUSINESS-
Furniture — Roller top and
plain desks, tables, office
chairs, cabinets, carpets
and rugs. Necessities, or
conveniences — utilities or
decorations — we have them
all.
This desk at $22.00 is a
fair sample of the prices.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
XEW TQ.PAT.V
R SOLE AQENTS FOR THE
I MAQUIONI KID GLOVES. ■
I Dimpiy
1 Overstocked
I SOLE AGENTS FOR THE m
MAQOSONI KID GLOVES.
Simply
Overstocked
IRISHPOINT
I CURTAINS,
I And in order to reduce the I
|j stock we shall place on
$ Special Sale for I
I MONDAY I
H AND—
! TUESDAY I
! I 900 Pairs of IRISH POINT I
I LACE CURTAINS at
I JVever-Bcfore-IJeard-of Prices! J
I 300 PAIRS 1 I
\ AT
I $2.50 a Pair.
J 300 PAIRS I
i —AT - ' ■
1 1 $3.50 a Pair. 1
I 300 PAIRS \
I $4^50 a Pair. j
fi Remember,
■ ' These Prices are for
1 MONDAY AND TUESDAY I
!» Our Silk Sale of last week I
j was the talk of the town.
; This sale eclipses it.
! Come with great expectations |
■J — our word for it— there will be |
i I no disappointments. ■ ;
;| MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED. I
I NEWMAN &LEVHiSON, g
r 125, 127. 189, 131 Kearny St. i
f Branch Store 742 and 744 Market. I
RAXX.ROAD TRAVEU
SIS FRAIVCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tib uron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
, San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 *.; 12:35.
3:30, 6:10, p.m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— tripa at 1:50
and 11:30 p.m.
BDNDAYS-7:30. 9:30, 11:00 A. M.; 1:30, 3:B*
6:00. 6:20 p.m.
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A. if
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 P. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. jc
SUNDAYS— 9:sc, 11:10 a. M.: 1:40, 3:40,
5:00,6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
■ lie»Te T -« p - t Arrive
San Francisco. pri^a* San Francisco.
Wkek I Sun- ue-^fna^n Sox- I Week
Days. I days, destination. DAYB^ | DAYa .
7:30 am 7:30 am >~ovato, 10:40 am! 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 raj 0:15 pm
Fulton, ~
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 AM
' ' Healdsbnrs,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 7:30 am i Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
' ~. Pitta, ~ '. '
Houland &
7:30 am 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 m 6:15 pm
7:30 am ' ~1 10:10 am
7:30 am ; Guerneville. 7:30 pm I
3 30 PM !_ j 6:15 pv
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 i-M 6:00 i'M and 6:05 pm 6:16 fm
- ■ j 1 Glen Ellen. :,
, 7:3oam|7:3oam| SebaatODO , 110:40 ami 10:10 am
3:30 pm|s:oo pm' beDaatopol - I 6:05 PM ; 6:16 pm
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers]
Stapes connect, at Pieta for Highland Spring*
Kelseyville, Lakeport.
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Bias
takes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Booneviile, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort BraK^, Uaal, Westport,
Canto. WUletts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Llvely's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eureka.
(Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points bo-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 650 Markets!., Chronicle nundlne.
H. C WHITING, x. RYAN.
lien. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic "*^^^i
Pacific j^|isir%^£?*k
Trains leave from and arrive <fi>§!§3cft^j[H3 wj
•I Market-Street Ferry. eitp&^S&nxxr^i
SANTA FE EXPRbSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
leaves every day at 5 P. m., carrying Mlmw
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
▼ia Kansas City without change. Annex, can for
Denver and St. Louis. .J.'^.'—
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train . Dally, with Dining-cars,
under Harvey a management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. m. daily.
The best railway iro*n California to the East,
I New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery]
1 and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining-
I cars. - -.'..-. ---;.':
Ticket Offlce-644 Market Street,
.... Clmmlßle Bail din*. _
MTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry). .
i'rom Ban Francisco, i omm n-in^ March 29, 1898.
WEEKDAYS.
! For Mill Valley and San Kafael — 7:00. «8:00
♦9:15 10:16, 11:45. a. m.: *1:15, 3:.0, 4:15,
5:15. *..:Ui'. p. M.
Extra trips lor San Rafael on Mondays, Wednw-
aays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ■
: _ SUNDAYS..
Tor Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B : oo, »9:00,
■'10:00, 11:3Ua'. m.; **±±.3>, "i -.30, *a:l5, *4:GO,
6:30,6:45,8:30 p.m. Kxir* trip to SausalitOAt
11:00 a. m. *••. "
Trains marked •run to Han Qoentin. •*12:30
! p.m. does not run to Mill Valley. ■ '■•■:• -'- ';■■■•
, THROUGH TRAINS
1:45 p. M. weekdays— Cazadero and way station*
8:00 a. m. Sundays— end way stations. '
I 9:00 a. m. Sumittyi-i'oini Reyes ana waysiatlon*
NEW TO-DAY.
C!> ■ '■ -• ■ ■ ■ "■ - *
THIS DAY
J : ■•■;-.■?.■■
TUESDAY APKII, 21, 1890
At 13 O'CLOCK Noojt,
At 638 Market Street, Opp. Palace Hotel
Golden Gate Park Residence.
East line (No. 112) of Lyon. 125 feet north of
Pace st. A very pretty residence of 9 rooms
and bath. Bay-windows; basement and attic.
Cement stone walk. One-half block from the
Golden Gate Park. Examine this. Must be sold;
a rare opportunity. Lot 25 by 102 feet.
Elegant Mission Kesidenoa.
Southwest corner (No. 306) of San Jose *▼©.
and Twenty-fifth St.— near the ValencJa-st. depot.
Elegant residence, with bay-windows; 10 rooms
and bath; brick foundation. Cement stone walk.
Choice neighborhood. Examine this for a home.
Large lot, 40 by 120 feet.
McAllister-Street Residence Lot.
South line of McAllister, 37:8 feet west of Pierce
street. This magnificent residence lot is located
in the midst of splendid improvements; street
bitumlnized: cement stone sidewalk; McAllister-
street cable. Lox 25x100 feet.
Castro Height* Residence.
North line, 992 Fifteenth, 72 feet east of Castro
street. Two-story residence of 9 rooms and bath;
stable, etc.; just the place for an expressman or
drayman; Castro-street cable. Large lot, 48x115
feet.
Pleasant Home Near Market Street.
West line (No. 36) of Elgin Park, 139 feet north
of Ridley street, between Valencia sod Guerrero
streets. Pretty home of 9 rooms and bath, con-
servatory, laundry, etc.; brick foundation: new
plumbing; house in fine condition; handsome gar-
den; CPmentwalk: examine this; Valencia cable.
Lot 4ix7J>, or 22x75 feet. Vacant lot, 22x75 feet.
Mission— Fifteenth-Street Residence.
North line. 824 Fifteenth, 280 feet west of San-
chez street. Fine residence of eight rooms and
bath. Street In fine condition. Stable on premises.
Examine this. Must De sold. , Large lot, 30 by 115
feet.-  .
Mission Business Corner Lot.
Southeast corner of Twenty-fourth and Noe
streets. Elegant business corner: good business
location. Twenty-fourth street bunminized; Noe
street macadamized. Mission electric road. Large
1 corner lot, 50 by 114 feet.
' Fine Residence, on Falcon Road.
South line of Falcon road. 200 feet northwest
from Copper alley, Eight rooms and bath; large
unfinished basement; large outhouses; stable for
four horses. 'Elegant view. Owner eolng Eas™
Must be sold. Sun Francisco and San Mateo elec-
tric road. Lot 60 by 110 feet.
■'.;:. Mission Residence Lots*
North line of Twenty-fifth, 80 feet west of Noe
street. Three handsome residence lots. Street
macadamized, sewered and sldewalked. Lots
fenced. Twenty-fourth street electric road. Lots
26:8 by 114 feet.
Mission Residence Lots.
South line of Twenty-first street, 203:7 west of
Church. An elegant marine view. Street graded,
sewered and macadamized, San Francisco and
San Mateo electric road. Lots 25:5' by 114
feet.
Richmond Residence Lots.
East line of Boyce street, 400 feet north of Point
Lobos avenue, near Parker avenue. Two large
residence lots, near Geary-street cable. Any per-
son wanting a cheap lot for a home should examine
these. Large lots, 25 by 120 feet each.
EASTON, KLDRIDOK & CO.,
038 Marhft st. Auctioneer*.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
BIG REDUCTION M RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
PORTLiANp.^OII,
THURSDAY APRIL 23,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8 P. m.
OC (1 ft— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tour-
OdiUU ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In "I A.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. CdJLV/—
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
BXF" Through Tickets fur Ptiget Sound
J*i»iiit<i on Sale nt Reduced Rates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STKEET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICnARIMiKAY. T.H.GOODMAN, .
Gen. Trait, Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOI'TUKRN PACIFIC COMPJJU.
(PAcirio byktem!)
; Tr»ln. leuvvt iiml lire tint- to nrrt »c at
« NAN IUAStISCO. 41
leave — Fnou March 28, 1896. «— Aitmvß
~~7To«a Atlantic Kxpreiw, Og'lmi and Kast.. 8:13»
7:00.v lieuici-i, Vacavilie. ltuipscy. Sacra- .
mento, end Redding via IJavis. . . . 7slsp
7:OOa Martinez, San Ramon, Xai>a, Calls-
toga and Bants K0&1 C:l3p
8:ItOA Niles, Sau .liise, Stockton, loce. ' • '
Sacramento, Mary»*ille, lle'l Ilhiß
ami Sundays excepted Orovillu.... *:15r
•8:30 a Peter? and Milton "7:13p
9:<>(>a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and I.ok Aueelcs 4:4.'Jp
O:OOa Martinez and Stockton I»«1»a
U:OO.v VaJlejo... O:13p
l:OOp Niles, San Jose ami Livermore S:43a
•I:OOp Sacramento EiTerBt«ntners.. «O:OOp
f I:30r Port Costa and Way Stations »7:43p
■t:««i- Martinez, Baa lUinoii. Vallejo,
Najia, Calistosu, Xl VeraiK) and
Kmitnltosa 0:15*
4:0 Or Bcnida, Ksparto, Woodland
Knights Landing, Mnrysvilie
():o»illo and Sacramento Xo:4sa
4:30r MDas, Ban Jose, Liveimore and
Stockton 7sl3F-
4:SOp Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for ■ -• - .
Yosemita) ami Fresno 11*4CU
BiOOp New Orleans Kxprecs.Fresuo.Bakers- ■" ' ;;* * ,
lielil, .Santa ]>aib»ra,l.m Angeles, . V
:• Decline, El Paso, New Orleans and
East.... lOsIOa
BtOOp .Santa )■'<) Jluuto, Atluutio Express
*-- forMojaro ami Kast .: 10:l»A
O:OOrVaUejo lli4«a
6:OOi- Kuropean Mall, Oc<loii and Host.... o:<3a
C:OOp llaywanlH, Niles ami Ban Jose 7:45*
}7:00p Va11ej0..... t7:4op
7iOOp Oregon i;xi'ri'an,f:acr.iineiito, Mnrys-
villi?, KeiV.ing, Portland, rnget .
Sound and Kast 10:43 a
«[10:05p " Sunset limited," Fresno, Los
Ange'.es, El Paeo, New Orleans
andi:»i4 tI»«4JP
SANTA CUIIZ IHVI>ION (.Narrow iiang6)."~~
17:43 a BanU Cruz fsennion. BanU Cruz
and Princ-p^l Way Stations J8:00»
"■ SilSa Ncwurk.CeiiU'ivil'o.Kaii.Jose.FoUon,
UouUler Creek, Cruz and Way
Stations B«I«F
•2:15p Newark, Centertille, BauJo§e,Neir
Almadcn, Felton, llouliler Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "lliaOA
4:151- Newark. Kan Joae and l.na <7at0«.... 0:30 a
COAST DIVISION (Iliinl & Tonnscml Ms.) ~
0:43 a Han Jo*o ami Way .SUtionu (New
AlroaUcu Wednesdays only) 1:43r
■:15a Ban Jose, Trcs I'inos, SuuU Cms, ■
Pacliic Crore, Paso Robles, San . . '
Luis Ol>bpo, Guadalnpe and l'rin-
ciiml Way Stations 7lOßp
10:40 a San J (MS and Way Stations , »:OOp
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations.. . 3:30p
•2:30p Ban Joso, Gilroy, a"res Pinos, f U
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and PaefQc
■■"-';■■ Grove *10:4©a
•:i::tOr San Jose anil Principal Way Stations 0:47 a
•4i3oi>San Josoaud Way Stations. *8:00 a
SiUOp Sa.ii Jose anil Way Stations *B:4Ha
O::tOi- San Jose ami Way Stations o:3.*>a
{ll:-i."5i- San Josiimi'l War 5tati0n5.......... t7:43p
' >SA.\ .I.KAXimO AXU HAV'.VAKUS IjU«'AL.
i"ti:OO.\ "I ~~? 7:J3A
H:OUa tO:43A
JjfiZi Melrose, Seminary Part, ¥}?&
il J!B2p Fltehbnrg, San Letndro «j« J
3:OOp I ftn 4 4:ir,p
4:00p <" 3:4.>P
5:0»p HsnT&Tds. «:13P
5:30p najwarus. 7:13p
7:OOp 4 8:43P
8:00p f , _ \. ■, ' ' -- 0:4.1 P
O-OOp * Runs through to NUes. io.SOp
ttll:lspj From Nile;. --■ j ttl2:oQy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FronSAN FRISCISC0 — Foot of Uirktt Street (Si:? 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:CO *2:80 13:00
•1:03 ; t5:00 >6:00r.M.
from OiKUSD— Foot orßrosdwiy.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 , •1:00 {2:00 *3:00 • *i:C3
• '5:001' .M. •■• ■•- r . ■ ■'•. ,• . - - .
___^____^__^____
• A for Morning. r for Afternoon.
• Similar* excepted. , " 1 Saturdays only, >
■ \- t Sundays only. UTuesdsyjouly. ia -'
if Moaclaj. Thursday and Saturday nights only.J? -
910
ANTI-MACHINE
DELEGATES NAMED
Alameda Republicans Adopt
a Platform at Their
Convention.
OPPOSED TO REFUNDING
An Unpledged Delegation to the
St. Louis Convention Is
Favored.
ENCOURAGED BY PRIMARIES.
Many of the Old-Liners Were present.
The Proceedings Marked by De
corum and Enthusiasm.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 20. j
The Republican County Convention, the
delegates to which were elected at Satur-
William 11. Friend, President of the Convention, the Delegates to Wblch Were
Nominated at Primaries.
day's primaries, met in Germania Hali
this morning and transacted the business
for which they were called.
The most noteworthy feature of the con
vention were resolutions that the Third
Congressional District send an unpledged
delegation to St. Loui*. and the fact that a
new County Central Committee was not
appointed as anticipated.
Their hall was one of the most interest
ing political studies seen in Oakland. The
delegates, tinder tbe leadership of W. H.
Friend, and with George C. Pardee a
prominent figure as chairman of the com
mittee on resolutions and platform, trans
acted their business under the eyes of
nearly all the old-line leaders and follow
ers. Several county officials and members
of the old County Central Committee were
present, carefully watching the progress
of events.
Everybody realized that a bitter fight
was on for the control of the part}', and
that it is a war to tne deatu. Much of
the sinew of the old Republican organiza
tion has tired of what they consider the
high-handed methods of the ofd leaders,
and among the delegates were men of
power and influence. The result of Satur
day's primaries bad greatly encouraged
the bolters, as it was an average Republi
can primary vote, and in the Seventh
Ward only three less votes were cast than
when Fred W. Henshaw was nominated
for Supreme Judge. On that occasion the
officers of election were all paid and there
was a lively campaign. Last Saturday
there was only gratuitous help employed,
and as the old-liners stayed away from
tbe polls the vote is considered very large.
Chairman Friend of the executive com
mittee called the convention to order and
nearly all tbe delegates answered to their
names. The list of delegates is a study in
itself and shows that many who were
hitherto considered as loyal to the party
machine have joined the new movement.
The delegates were printed in Sunday's
Call.
In his opening speech Chairman Friend
said that there are many who think they
should apologize for daring to convene,
but the primaries of last Saturday showed
that the feeling against the course of the
Congressional committee is widespread
among the Republicans of this county.
"This is not a one-man movement," he
said, "but a movement in favor of the
principle of self-government which lies at
the foundation of our Government."
The chair appointed the following com
mittees:
Platform and resolutions— First Ward E M
Long; Second, J. A. Sands; Third, 11. (i Walk
er; Fourth, .T. E. Fowler; Fifth, Mack Webber;
Sixth, J. K. Valentine; Seventh, (i. c. Pardee'
Brooklyn, E. Gales: Eden, Mr. Clawiter; Oak
land, W. W. Knickerbocker; Alatneda G C
B:ibcock.
Credentials— First Ward, .1. c\ Ellxwortb:
Second, X. S. Douglas; Third, A. I. Leach-'
Fourth, F. Laid law; Fifth. C. Roeth; Sixth, J.
M. Valentine; Seventh, I.i.Boak; Brooklyn
K. B. Bane; Eden, Mr. Webb; Oakland, J."t"
Morrison; Aiameda, T. W. I^ydecker.
Permanent organization and order of busi
ness—First Ward, O. C. Hyatt; Second, C. A
Fawceit; Third. Ros< Moiga'n ; Fourth. M Lnid
law; Fifth, M. Robinson; Sixth. A. L.Davis;
Sevt-nth.N. W. Si.aulding; Aiameda, E. A. yon
Schmidt; Brooklyn. Albert Khoda; Eden Mr
Watkins; Oakland, P. N. Lowell.
After recess the temporary chairman
was made tlie permanent president of the
proceedings and the following gentlemen
■were named as vice-presidsnts : Dr. B. A.
Kabe, First \Vard; P. W. Fry, Second; H.
M. Van Arnian, Third; C. L. Pierce
Fourth; Mack Webber, Fifth; A. L. Davis
Sixth; N. W. Spaulding, Seventh; E. A.
yon Schmidt. Aiameda; Robert Edgar
Berkeley; Robert B. Bain, Brookfyn;
Socrates Huff, San Leandro; N. T. Man
ning, Peralta; W. W. Knickerbocker Te
rnescai; Ed Clawiter, Eden.
THE PLATFORM.
Aiameda County Republicans Favor
an Unpledged Delegation to
St. Louis.
The committee on resolutions presented
the following report, which was read by
ex-Mayor Georce C. Pardee:
Whereas, The Republican voters of the
county of Alameda have, by usurpation of
power, been deprived of the right of selecting
at open primaries their representatives in the
National Republican Convention, thereby dis
franchising Republican voters of the banner
Republican county of the State, all of which is
and has been contrary to the tradition and
usages of the Republican party ; therefore belt
Resolved, That this convention of Republi
cans, elected at open primaries by the votes of
2000 of the Republicans of the county of Ala
meda, repudiate and condemn the action of
the Congressional committee in arrogating to
itself the power that does of right belong to
the people exclusively.
Resolved, That this convention recognizes in
Guy C. Earl, State Central committeeman, a
true Republican, and hereby congratulates
him upon his fidelity to his trust in defending
at all times the threatened rights of the Re
publican voters.
Resolved, That this convention, representing
the Republicans of the county of Alameda,
demands that the traditions and usages of the
Republican party be in the future preserved
by the holding of open, honest and pure prima
ries at all times when the choice of the party
is to be expressed.
Resolved, That this convention is in favor of
and demands that the National Republican
Convention adopt a plank in its platform
pledging the party to a continuation of its
policy of protecting American interests and
industries;
Resolved, That this convention urges it upon
the National Republican Convention to incor
porate in its platform in the interest of the
American laborer a plank demanding that for
eign immigration be properly restricted.
Revolved, That this convention, representing
the Republicans of the county of Alameda, is
unalterably opposed to any scheme or legisla
tion looking to the settlement of the debts of
government-aided railroads in any other man
ner than that requiring prompt payment of
the debts of said railroads upon maturity, and
that any other scheme than the payment of
said debts, interest and principal, dollar for
dollar, la an attempt to rob the treasury of the
United States of its just dues.
Resolved, That while the choice of the ma-
jority of the Republicans of the county of Alfl
meda is undoubtedly in favor of the nomina
tion of William McKinley for the office of Pres
ident of the United Slates, this convention is
not iv favor of any cast-iron pledges to the del
egates from the Third Congressional District
to the National Convention.
Resolved, That this convention, the delegates
to which were elected at open primaries by the
votes of 3000 of the Republicans o' the county
of Alameda, demands, in the interest of har
mony in the Republican party of Alameda
County and the retention of confidence in the
l»arty of Lincoln and Grant, that its delegates
receive the recognition which they, as the rep
resentatives of the Republicans ofthecounty,
deserve and be granted seats in the Congres
sional and State conventions.
Resolved, That this convention pledges its
members to the enthusiastic support of the
nominees of the Republican National Conven
tion and recomm ends to all members of the
party a like support.
The report was adopted by a unanimous
and very pronounced vote. Several mo
ments of applause followed after Pardee
took his seat.
THE DELEGATES.
Forty-Seven Names Chosen to
Attend the Convention at
Sacramento.
The ward and township delegates were
then nominated as follows:
First Ward— X. K. Mott and E. M. Long.
Second Ward— P. R. Klein. John A. Sands, J.
E. Farnham. Alternate, P. M. Fisher.
Third Ward— J. W. Nelson, Frank A. Leach,
Hugh Aldrich and W. N. Dimmick.
Fourth Ward— Hoover T. Bickel, Thomas
Pearson, Wyckliff Matthews. Alternates, M.
D. Merritt and J. D. Fowler
Filth Ward— Mack Webber and Charles Roeth.
Sixth Ward— J. N. Valentine and N. W.
Leitch.
Seventh Ward— George C. Pardee, N. W.
Evans, X. W. Spauldiug and K. E. Hausen.
Alameda— Reed Jone', E. yon Schmidt,
Colonel Babcock, Fred E. Jenkins, Alex Hay',
\Y. B. Hodges. Alternates— Elmer Johnston,'
1. N. Chapman, N. C. Larsen, Thomas White
and C. W. Pctre.
Berkeley— F. K. Shattuck, Thomas Rickard,
Robert Edgar, J. T. Morrison. Alternates— J.'
R. Aycrs and F. N. Lowell.
Brooklyn— V. T. Ilusb, C. A. Tyrrell. Alter
nate—A. C. Fay.
Oakland Township— W. W. Knickerbocker
and R. E. Langworthy. Alternates— C. A.
Miller and Captain C. A. Poulter.
Eden— S. Huff, W. E. Meek, A. W. Schaffer
and D. M. Connor.
The delegates-at-large for the Assembly
districts are as follows:
Forty-sixth— E. K. Strowbndge.
Forty-seventh — William Higby.
Forty-eighth— H. A. Powell.
Forty-ninth— Charles L. Pierce.
Fiftieth— W. R. Davis.
Fifty-first— W. O. Moran.
All the names placed in nomination by
the district committees were unanimously
elected by the convention.
The delegates were authorized to fill any
vacancies that might exist at Sacramento.
Chairman Friend said that it had been
stated that a primary would cost $1000.
He said the present movement had veld a
clean primary at a cost of just $35.
After a motion that the executive com
mittee which had called the primaries
continue in power, the convention ad
journed.
The delegation that will be appointad
by the six Congressional district com
nutteemen will declare before the Sacra
mento convention that the delegates
elected to-day have no standing, as Mur
ray and Washington townships were not
represented.
The fight before the Sacramento con
vention can be easily foretold. If the
majority of all the delegates present from
all over the State have been elected at
primaries the delegates elected to-day will
be seated If the majority have been
chosen by the various Congressional com
mittees, then the appointees of Alameda's
six committeemen will be seated. All the
politicians agree that no other course can
possibly be followed.
To Stammerers.
Stammering, stuttering, lisping positively
cured; city and oountry references. Profes
sor K. S. Davib, 7 Hyde street, S. F. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 21. 1896.
FATHER YORKE
ON LIBERTIES
Attitude of His Church From
Civil and Religious
Standpoints.
AN ELOaUENT ADDRESS
Editor James H. Barry Presides
at the Metropolitan
Hall Meeting.
CATHOLICISM IN HISTORY.
The Church of Rome Declared to Be
at All Times the Nursing
Mother of Republics.
Rev. Peter C. Yorke last nizht delivered
the first of his series of five lectures to be
given under the auspices of the American
Women's Liberal League. Scarcely a seat
in Metropolitan Temple was vacant when
James H. Barry, editor of the Star, called
the assemblage to order.
Miss Georgiana rendered several patri
otic airs on the piano and then Chairman
Barry addressed tho audience:
"Ladies and Gentlemen: On behalf of
the American Women's Liberal League I
bid you welcome. We have just listened
to patriotic airs and we shall now listen to
some patriotic remarks and some patriotic
resolutions prepared by the American
Women's Liberal League."
The resolutions were then read. They
denounced religious intolerance, spoke for
civil and religious liberty ami pronounced
strongly against the religious strife which
they claimed certain elements were seelc
ing to bring about. They were unani
mously adopted.
Chairman Barry then:
"This shows that this audience is an
audience of sense and patriotism. If the
ayes had not had it I should not have be
lieved that I was talking to an American
audience. lam glad to see that the women
have realized that there is an enemy in
their midst and are prepared to light it.
Women are a great power when they
choose to exert their influence, and I am
glad to say that they are now engaged in a
good work.
"We are here, and we are here to stay.
I say we, meaning those who believe
in equal rights, are here to stay. I
say that anybody who tates such a pledge
as the A. P. A. members take is unfit to b2
an American citizen. I do not say that the
A. P. A. members are the basest of men.
But I do say their leaders, the reverend
blackguards and reverend mountebanks, are
to be blamed for their course. Ido not
blame the men who are being led by these
men— these reverend blackguards who do
not even hesitate to make war on the best
of our womankind — these women who go
upon the battlefield, into scenes of pesti
lence, and who do not ask any one what
their creed is. They tend alike ali who
need their services.
"Some of these fellows in the A. P. A.
have gone almost .crazy. Not the rascals.
There is method in their madness. They
sent resolutions to Congress asking that
the Secretary of the Xavy ba asked to re
sign unless he desisted from his intention
of painting the new warships green." [Great
laughter.]
The speaker then read what purported
to be A. P. A. resolutions, protesting
against the greener hue of the grass this
spring and attributing it to some sinister
influence of the Catholic church.
He then related how lie received the first
knowiedgeof the A. V. A. He wasknown to
be an advocate of Father McGlynn, he said,
and was therefore belief ed to" be opposed
to the Catholic church in general. He
was approached by a man in his office
one day and asked to join the American
Protective Association, after he had de
clared he was in favor of the public
schools and believed in the Republic. The
objects of the organization were explained
to him in detail, and, he added, no man
ever before or since reached the bottom of
the three flights of stairs leading to his
oihee quicker than did this solicitor of the
American Protective Association. This
man, he said, bad since become known as
"Whisky Bill" Trainor, and he declared
him to be a Canadian adventurer and a
traitorous Orangeman. Continuing, Mr.
Barry said :
"The moment I learned what that insti
tution was I determined to fight it, and
have done so ever since. And the man
who will not stand out boldly against such
methods as this institution is working
under is unworthy of our suffrage. This
organization has been devised to keep the
people divided against themselves. The
rich have created this religious strife in
order that they may continue to grow
richer at the expense of the laborer. It is
a device of the plutocracy to retain their
power, so that they may the better be
able to say like Vanderbilt of old, 'The
public be damned!' "
He concluded as follows:
"I have now the honor to present to
you that patriotic priest, that, noble man
Peter C. Yorke."
Great and long continued applause fol
lowed this announcement, and before it
had subsided Father Yorice had taken bis
position at the rostrum. He spoke as fol
lows:
"Ladies and gentlemen: In beginning
this lecture under the allspices of the
American Women's Liberal League let
me add my welcome so warmly given you
already by Mr. Barry. Ido not think you
will imagine that I am given to the dis
ease of mutual admiration when I say
what deep obligations we are under to this
same Mr. Barry.
"Only two years ago, when this platform
rang with denunciations of defenseless
women by the base men who call them
selves preachers of the gospel, he was the
only man not publishing a Catholic paper
who dared to take up "the fight against
these reverend blackguards. If for noth
ing else than for this alone we owe him
gratitude, not as Catholics, but as right
minded American citizens, whatever our
creed may be."
The^ speaker explained that the Ameri
can Women's Liberal League was not a
woman suffrage organization, but that
its object was to help conserve the consti
tutional liberties of those who fought for
them more than a century ago. He added :
"We see throughout the United States
to-day a vast conspiracy organized in the
destructive work of breaking down these
constitutional privileges. Even the news
papers have been bribed with a bone and
a bit of meat. I say that in the face of
such facts as these it is necessary to begin
at the very beginning to educate our peo
ple in the constitution of the United
btates. But I made a mistake. I should
not have said our people, for the peopia
are as true to the constitution as the
needle to the pole. I should have said we
need to educate our politicians. The
American Women's Liberal League is an
educational institution, and it will labor
in this direction.
''There has never yet been a nation of
free men who did not reverence women
and who were not spurred on to great and
noble deeds by their women."
Here the speaker reviewed incidents
from ancient history to illustrate his
point, and then went on:
"I believe that there are women right
here in San Francisco who are willing and
anxious to devote their time and energies
to the cause of liberty in order that re
ligious toleration should continue to be
one of the fundamental principles of this
Republic.
"There is no use in nutting any kind of
point on the present issue. Yoa know
that this prescriptive organization is wag
ing war against one particular creed and
one particular people. You know that
they say we are doing our utmost to sub
vert the principles of liberty and that we
are simply biding our time to rush forth
and strangle the Goddess of Liberty.
"The best answer to all this is to refer to
nur deeds. If trie Catholic church and
Catholics so hate American institutions
it is strange that within a period of more
than 100 years they have given no sign.
can only refer them to our deeds.
Though the men opposed to us have for
the past six months been hunting in
Canada, browsing in Mexico and delving
in the old country they have not been
able to call into question' a single deed cf
the Catholics. We have placed the deeds
of Catholics before the American public
and we can safely leave the verdict to that
public.
"I propose to show you in the course of
these lectures the position of the Catholic
church in relation to religious and civil
liberty. I hope to show that the Cathoiic
church in the march down the years for
nineteen centuries has carried these prin
ples of religious and civil liberty ever
before it."
The speaker then dwelt atlenpth on the
former conditions that prevail* d in gov
JAMES 11. BARRY ADDRESSING THE MASS* MEETING AT METROPOLITA!
TEMPLE.
ernments when man as an individual was
entirely subordinate to the state. In those
days, he stated, the individual had no
rights as an individual, man was
radically unequal, and outside of the
state there was r.o hope in this
life or in the life to come. He then
called attention to the conditions regarding
mankind that prevail to-day and said:
"The great difference between those days
and ours is due to the wonderful fact that
God became man, and to Christ's teaching
that all men are equal and to his declara
tion of the individual responsibility of
man." Citing history to show that" the
head of the Catholic church was the first
powerful influence to make for civil and
religious liberty he said: "And yet there
are men who pose as protectors of freedom
who declare that this attitude was not
right.
"I asked one of these liberty protectors
what he would do if the state should
come in opposition with the church at any
point and he said he would fold his arms,
cast down his eyes and escape into his
chamber. And if he was molested in his
chamber and could not get back his rights
he would emigrate. That is to say, he
would turn tail and fly. If the: apostles
had acted in that way there would be no
United States to-day.
"The day that Christ upon the moun
tains told his disciples to look up into
heaven and to say, 'Our Father, w*ho art
in heaven,' that was the first letter in our
constitution. When Christianity first
told us that we were all fashioned from
the same clay ana all equal and free, then
was the radical equality of man burned
and seared into the Human heart. It is a
strange contrast for those who are familiar
with Roman history to see what happened
after Christianity got a footing in that
empire. Then there were no more massa
cres accompanied only with wailings and
mourning, but the Catholic authorities
took means to prevent their recurrence by
compelling the perpetrators to do penance
for the atrocities they were responsible
for."
He referred to the eradual extirpation of
slavery from Europe and said:
"In 1400 years the teachings of the
church were such that all men were looked
upon as free and equal. But if we are to
believe our beloved protectors it was not
until the sixteenth century that liberty
dawned on the world, and if we may fur
ther believe these protectors it was not un
til within the last decade that the civil
liberties of this country were threated by
the Catholic church.''
He spoke of the sacred character of the
appurtenances of the altar of the Catholic
church, and explained that despite the
holiness with which they were nedged
about the chalices and candlesticks could
yet for one purpose be cast into the melt
ing-pot and turned into profane gold, and
that purpose wast the redemption of t:ie
captive.
Then, as showing the trend of Cathol
icism having always been toward civil and
religions liberty, he referred to the words
of St. Zachary, an early Pope, who de
clared that kings were made for the people
and not the people for kings. Reference
was also made to the democratic organiza
tion of the Catholic church, in which the
lowest peasant's son might rise to the
papacy, as the rail-splitter of Illinois rose
to the Presidency of the republic. The
oldest republic in the world— that of San
Marino— was not only Catholic, he stated,
but was entirely surrounded by Catholic
powers, which could crush it out of ex
istence as if it were an eggshell. In con
cluding he said :
"If the time should ever come when the
liberties of this country are threatened —
which God forbid— they will tind that the
CathoJic church is as ready as ever to
maintain her stand for liberty, civil and
religious', and that she will "aaain make
good her claim, so often proved, of being
the nursing mother of republics."
PERCY MAKES A MOVE
He Applies for the Guardiaaship
of William Fair's Five
Children.
Thought to Mean That the Principal
Heirs of the Big Estate
Want to Buy.
Now that the Martin-Southern Pacific
case has passed on out of the center of the
public eye, the Fair will case resumes its
place as the central bit of litigation now
before the courts of the county.
All the lawyers are studying their pieces
for the next meeting before judge Slack on
Friday afternoon.
Preliminary moves are to be looked for
at any time previous to Friday when
further arguments will be made on the
hold-over motions of last week.
John Percy yesterday applied for the
guardianship of the five children of Wil
liam Fair, a proceeding which suggests ot
some of the counsel that the principal liti
gants are goinc to buy in more collateral
claims if they can. It is hardly probable,
however, that the court will allow the sale,
for the live nieces and nephews of James
G. Fair are all interested in the big estate
to an extent too uncertain to be allowed to
sell their claims.
Under the trust clauses these nephews
and nieces, these children of James G.
lair's brother William, are, with Fair's
grandchildren, heirs to the entire estate.
The will of September 21 says that on the
death of the children of the testator the
estate is to go to th« children of his chil
dren and to the children of his brothers
and sisters. In view of this the would-be
wards of Mr. Percy have a prospective in
terest, nowever dim, in the entire estate
and there may be a light before the court
will allow them to sell out.
Judge Slack has allowed all the minor
heirs who have not already sold their in
terests in the Fair estate and all the col
laterals who are mentioned in the trust
will to become parties to the suit of
Charles L. Fair against the administrators
of the estate, the suit on which it was
sought to determine the validity or the
trust clauses.
A chestnut tree on Mount Etna is the
largest in the world. Its circumference is
204 feet.
NEW TO-DAY.
¥¥ ¥¥¥¥* ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
A SPECIAL
/£ Saving Sale.
m CHINA!
®ffi| Four splendid bar-
Mf^jfh i gains in Fine Deco-
CH^y rated China until [
C* \\ Wednesday, . night. ,
jj* Our 75c Butter
ifflV Plates at 40c ; per <
llT«ji dozen ; pretty Sugar
Yap/ Bowls and ; Cream '
tff ; Pitchers at 452 per I
/A pair; Salad Bowls at \
Vsj ; 45c, and large Cake
lC^ or Chop Dishes at '
THAT BIG CHINA STORE-
A Quarter of a Block Below Shr eve's.
WANGENHEIM, STEENHEIM & CO.,
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St., ''-*,,
BELOW MONTGOMERY.
IN THE SPRING.
What Is the Best Thing for People to
Do at This Reason?
"I must take a spi ing medicine. blood
needs thinning."
We frequently hear people making the above
remark just at this time of the year. They feel
weak and languid as milder weather approaches
and realize that their health needs attention.
But did it ever occur to such people that thin
ning the blood will only tend to make them
weaKer and tnat it would be far wiser to take
something to increase their strength?
Thousands of people have discovered that
thinning the blood is a mistake and have de
rived more benefit from building up their
health and vitality in springtime. This fact is
clearly proved by the following opinions of
some reliable people:
Mr. E. B. Toale of 432 De Kalb aye., Brook
lyn, recently said: "I formerly suffered a great
deal in the spring from weakness and nervous
debility. I tried many remedies, but obtained
no relief until I began taking Duffy's pun- malt
whiskey. Since I commenced using it my
friends are all astonished at my improved ap
pearance."
Mrs. L. C. Miller, 524 N. 23d St., Philadelphia,
says : "I used to suffer very much from weak
ness and debility at this season, but I now use
Duffy's pure malt whiskey and keep up my
health. By taking it I find that my appetite is
better, I sleep well and do not have that tired,
languid, weary feeling I formerly experienced.
It is certainly the best thing I ever tried."
Peode who wish to build up thtir health at
this time of the year can see that Duffy's pure
malt whiskey is f'ursuperior to nil spring medi
cine* because it is a strengthening, lu-altii
giving stimulant. It is unequaled for pnrlfy
iug the blood, quickening the circulation,
toningupthe system and restoring the vitality.
BBHSSBHH WIL.CUX COJIPOI>D
TTansvpills
Safe and SURE. Always reliable. Take
nosubstitute. Forsaleby alldruesists. fi.fX>. Send
4c. for Woman' » Satepvnrd. W'IM'OX SPECIFIC
CO., 2JB SOOTH EIGHTH ST.. PHILADA., PA.
4]eres another thin " '
* you cant beatjOHNME
PHILADELPHIA SHOE Cl
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
\tC"*'^» v ■*♦■ -^: ** T
lPM*?s^M^ v u' l ! LSI
CHEAP STYLISH RUSSETS.
n3 *i T Pf e l' are to show the most complete
lines of Ladles 1 Russet O.xtonls, Button or Lace
Shoes in this city. We have all the latest styles—
everything new or nobby -and our prices cannot ;
be beat. We have always borne the reputation of
selling the Best Shoes for the least money in this
city, and we are now in a better position than ever
before to sell close. . .
Lace Shoes are all the rage, and we have just re
ceived a large shipment of the very swellest Lace
Shoes made. They have Russet Kid Vamps.
Brown Cloth Tops,- Needle Toes or Narrow Square
Toes, and TOps and pliable Soles> and we will offer
These Shoes are worth more money, but we offer
them as an inducement. Before purchasing else-
where call and examine our stock and prices.
We are selling a Nobby Kusset Goat Oxford,
with Pointed Toes and Tips, for $1 25
IS" Country orders solicited.
**"a ii fOr New ustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILLROOM
OF THE — —
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNKiHT.
TII RIB AH A laxative refreshing foi
I M Eli M X ■ fnlf - lf>z>'nsß,
■■■■■■'■■I 1 very agreeable to take. .
>"> " . :. CONSTIPATION
■11 g^> ■__ __ ' hemorrhoids, blie,
IM 1 1 IT BJ . loss of appetite, gastric and
lIIUI L Si intostir.nl troubles and
.■ ■■ |^ ■■ ■■ 'headache arising
j^ _ from them.
nDll I fIM E. ORILLON,
U Kail Ills 33 Rue de» Archives, Paris.
** «B■■■la V PI Bold by al> J?ru«gi»t*. ■ -
NEW TO-DAY.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Loading Specialist.
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHBOSHO
diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels: kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, pile*,
varlcocete, hydrocele and swelling of the gland*.
Loss or partial loss of ooxuul power in either men
orwomeu, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfnlness. falling memory and all the distress-
ing ills resultinu from nervous debility positively
an '. permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured •
WRITK your troubles if »' vi °- f ** O f ch °?«
T67 Market St. C op I)OS Ue
/S?^DEWEY &. COy^»s
E JPATENTS^ 1)
MARKET ST.S.fSSbS^
GRAND
SPECIAL
SALE!
ENTIRE STOCK
— -from
D. Solis Cohen & Bro. r
Portland, Oregon,
$60,000 Worth
OF
Toys, Fancy Goofls, Notions,
9* f ■ J
Stationery, Toilst Articles, Fans,
Albums, Plated ware, Clocks, Jew-
elry, Hosiery, Handkerchiefs,
Housefurnishing Goods, Vases
Flower Pots, Hats, Men's Fur-
nishing Goods, Baby Carriages-
Leather Goods, Purses and Bags*
Trunks and Valises, Etc., Etc.*
To Be Sold at JjQg on the Dollar.
A RARE CHANCE FOR BARGAINS
Stock must be sold during this sale.
DON'T MISS IT. COME EARLY. .
- .... . *FAVORITES FARED WELL
Four Out of Six First Choices
Reached the Wire in
Front.
MT. HOY AT 30 TO 1 A SURPRISE.
Slaughter on the Favori c, Adam
Andrew, Outfinished Toi Sloane
Astride Dolore.
Favorites started in the week well by
taking four out of the six events on the
card. The course at the Bay District is
now lightning fast, and the selling-platers
all traveled at a merry clip.
The attendance shows a marked falling
off, and the betting ring is beginning to
feel the stress of coin in the money mar
ket. There has been some "JticKing" at
the sudden reversais of form shown by
tome of the "platers" lately, but as a rule
they are a cheao lot and cannot be ex
pected to run as consistently as stake
horses, although it does seem as though a
long price in the betting worked wonders
vrith some of them.
Of ihe several close finishes yesterday
none was as pietty and exciting as that
between Sir Play and St. Lee at the finish
oi the mile dash. There were bat three
starters in the event, with Sir Play a pro
nounced 3 to 5 choice, Miss Urummel
having second call in the betting at 2% to
1. The favorite and second choice made
the running to the stretch, where the mare
was beaten and began falling back. St.
Lee then came on and, challenging the
leader, was beaten out but a head, in 1 :40%.
Fifteen selling-platers furnished some
rare guessing in the opening event, a six
furlong seuine affair. In the betting
Hazel D at 3' 2 to 1 was a slight favorite
over Veva, and neither received a mark.
Arno, a 10 to 1 shot, made ail of the run
ning and appeared to have the race well in
hand, but in the last few jumps was
passed ami beaten out by Governor Budd,
a ti to 1 chance.
Next on the card was a sort of canine
derby at five furlongs, witn fourteen
••dogs" going to the post. As in the race
preceding, Easel, the 3 to 1 second choice,
looked a winner up to the last forty yards,
when she was beaten out a short head by
the 30 to 1 shot Mt. Roy, ridden Dv Boze
man. The favorite, Crawford, finished
third.
The five-furlong selling dash called out
but five youngsters, with Adam Andrew
ruling favorite around post time at 3 to 2.
In a hot drive to the wire Slaughter astride
the first cnoice outfinished Tod Sloan on
Dolore and got his mount past the wire
fcm by a short head.
The fifth race of the day was a five
fnrlong scramble that called out a very
fair lot of sprinters. Seven faced the issue
and at post time there was no pronounced
favorite, although the bulk of the coin
went in on La Mascota, cutting her odds
from 6 to 3, equal choice with Nelson and
Midlo. The pace set to tbe stretch by
Nelson and Road "Warmer was a decidedly
■warm one, and both grew weary. At th*e
end La Maecota won with ridiculous ease
from Tim Murphy in 1:01".^.
Jack Atkins good filly Belle Boyd, with
but 87 pounds to carry, looked away and
above the best of the nine starters in the
last event, a six-furlong sprint, and from
3 to 2 her odds were speedily forced down
to even money. The fiily won, but only
after the hardest kind of a tussle through
the stretch with the 20 to 1 shot Elmer F,
Who succumbed only by a short head.
Her Claims Not Good.
The demurrer of the executors of the Hey
denfeldt estate to tne complaint for an ac
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
£"»Mornia Jockey Club's Spring Meeting. Fourth day, .Monday, April 20, i 896. Weather
fine. Track good.
1 Q45 FIhBT tfACE-Six furlonss; sel'.lng; three-year-olds and up: conditions; allowances;
Index.
! Horse, ape, weight.
-■•
Betiing.
Op. Cl.
1039
1035
1031
1040
• 1044
1025
1019
1025
1035
1039
889
: Governor Bodd. 3. 99 2 ;
Arno, 4 106 1 ....
Miss Ruth.4...... 109 6 :......
Starling, 6 112 3
| \'eva. 3 93 10
Claude Hill, 3....102 4-
! Ida Sever, 4 109 8
Hazel D. 3 100 6
Monterey, 4 109 9
Chelvo, 3 100 7
Yucatan 11. 3 98 111
I.illk- B, 3 98 14
: -Vormandie, 5 112 lf-j
Catalogue, 4 106 13
George C. 3 100 12
I
2
1
6
32
41*
Mi
6 i/ 2
2 IJ*
8 2
V£
10 1
11 h
14 2
13
15
12 a
I
I
3 2
1 h
4 3
62
IP
8 1
10
11
12
13
14
15
lh Plggott
2 2 8ut1er.....
34 Snider
4y^ W. Flynn
5h I. Johnson
6 2 McCialn.
7% Fe11.......;
8 2 MftrUn
96 • Anus
10 10 Ruiz
11 Va i Peoples..
12 6 iMcHale
13 5 80zeman........
113 Bennett
15 iioctiran
4
6
10
6
4
10
100
4
10
40
40
30
10
30
10
«
8
10
6
4
10
100
9--'
15
50
50
5
12
50
15
I
1031
1033
905
I
Startiug-cate used. Won driving. Winner, Woodlawn stable's b. g., by Frtsno-Rosa G. Time,
C\if\ «FCOXD RACE-
U-iU. $350.
; penalties; purse
Index. Horse, age, weight. j at. I %
1044 Mt. Roy, 5 106 ~T
1010 Easel, 8 98 3
1081 Crawford, 6 106 2 ....
1088 Myron, 4 ...103 9
(10311) Cr;c-.ajack, a 106 10
f)7ts Robin Hood I, 6.. 114 1 ........
783 Bordeaux, 5 106 8
H<-7 |Duil;o. 4 103 6
1031 IM:dd!eton.6 106 ft
949 Geo.J)icltenBon,a.lo9 11
(298) Monarch, (5 106 : 7
1013 Henry (irotten, 3. 94 13
Carroll Cook, 4... 106 14 |
1010 Quoin, 5 106 12 I I
21
1 3
62
ii*
61
31
10
9
I*
12
13
14
11
I Str. Fin.
24 lh
12 26
5 3h
32 10
6 5 a
4 3 6V,
H 7 2
9 8
7 9
10 10
11 11
12 12
14 13
13 14
Bozeman
Woods
Cochran
I. Johnson
Ca3tro
Shields
Ames.
Dowell
Beauchamp
Russell
Snider.
i Jerkins ;...
j Burns ;....
I Rowan..... .
15
3
2
8
20
I 6
25
16
30
40
8
80
20
20
Betting.
Op. CI.
30
3
2
15
15
10
60
15
40
100
5
20
60
50
I
!
::::::::!
!-taning-Kate used.
Time, 1:013/2.
Won driving. Winner, Krause <t C'o.'s b. g., by Faustus-Mt. City BeUe.
1047 THIRD
purse »400.
t H orse, r.ge, weight.
St.
%
Sir. j
i
Bettinu.
Op. ci.
'.^fi A<lnm Andrew, 2.104 1
9!sl |Dolore,2 101! S
■;(J 4 Sdirborouch, 2...K14 3
>-77 KannieS, 2 96 ! 4! I
7«9 itcustn Joe, 2 104 : 6| I
2% < 21
I?* IP
4 4 4 10
6 ! 5
21
I 110I 10
lh
-' I
8 10
4io ;
C. SI enter....
T. Sloan
Pigpott
(McHale
; Peoples
11-10 7-5
3 95
6-2 13-5
60 100
30 100
Ptartlng-gate usPd. Won Laadily. Winner, Burns <fc Waterhouse's b. c, by Imp. fir M odred
1048 FOURTH RACE— One mile; th:
conditions; purse ?400.
Horse, age, weight.
i K.
Vi
Va
Jockey.
I Betting.
!op. ci.
(1029) Sir Flay. 3
1021 St. Lee, 3
(1027) IpMlssErommel,3
1
1 I
3
23
12%! 12
3 ] 3
22 ! 2y 2
1 8
2 2
3
1 li Cocljran
218 C. Sluughter
3 T. Sloan... . "
3-5
4
2
3-5
6
11-5
Startina-s: a c used. Won driving. Winner. G. B. Morris & Co's b. g., by imp. Kir Modred-Plaything
1 04^-) k IFI v KACE— Five furlonps; selling: three-year-olds and up; penalties; purse $350.
Index.'
Horse, age, weight. I St.
(960)1.* Mascota, 3....100: R
1"32 Tim Murpny,a...lll 4
Bl>3 Midio, 3 96 5
1024 Helton, 5 114 i 2
S7(l Road warmer, 3... 07 1
io*t; Modoi, 4 ioe| 6
1019 jPubapa, a S4: 7
4b
32
51
2 V S
1 Vs
6h
7
41
31
5 2
1 h
2iy,
6 2
7
Sb
4 3
6 5
1 ii
9 9
5 3
7
13 Martin
2 1 W. Flynn
3 iy 2 C. Slaughter....
4 4 Shields
6 5 Cochran ....
6 6 McClatn "'.
7 : ■:..-.:. I.Johnson
9-2
5
5-2
2
15
15
15
3
6
3
16-5
10
60
10
........ i
Startintr-gate used. Won eaaily.||Winner, J. G. Follansbee's b. f, by imp. San Simeon-Maria F
lime, 1:01 Vi- *
050 SIXTH RA CE-Six furlongs; selling;
: penalties; purso $350.
index.
Horse, age, weight.
1033 Belle lioyrt, 3 KJOi 6 . ..
1031 Rimer F, 6 114; 5
(1089) Daylight. 3 1051 2
IOH2 Oregon Kclipse, a. 114 H
980 Eneino.B 98 8
(1OS8) Bi« Chief, 3 100 1
1<).;4 M»rblf Rock, 0...114; 3
10H2 Irma. 4 109' 7 !
(987) UnaQue Amo, 3.. 98; 4
4 3
2h
6 3
7 1
r> h
9
In
81
5 h
lh
2 1
86
IP
6 b
9
IV
31
1 3
2 3
2ft
62
9
4h ,
sy a
7 Vis
lh
26
»V 4
i*
63
74
810
9
Beauchamp
Shields
PiKgott.
Hnider
W. Flynn
Cochran
H. Martin
Mci lain... .
C. Slaughter....
3-2
10
10
8
10
•M
8
IB
6
6-5
20
15
(J
10
60
8
30
9
fctarting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, J. P. Atkins' eh. f., by Xl Rio Key-Sylvia. Time, 1:15
Beaten With a Uroomstick. . with a broomstick. She swore to a complain*
Mrs. Rose BienfieM, 223 Bay street, appeared charging "Old ToaV' with battery.
in Judge Joachimeen's court yesterday morn- • • "
In? with her son David, G years of age. The Visiting Cards, Invitations, Fine Writing
boy's head was bound up with bandages and Papers, Gold and Fountain Pens, Inks, Pencils,
his face was swollen and discolored. Mrs. Bien- Pocket Knives, Scissors, Cribbage Boards'
field said that on Sundny an employe of James ; Poker Chips, Game Counters, Playing Cards'
Kirwin, sailors' boarding - house keeper o;i Chess, Checkers, Score Cards, etc., all at
Buy and Kearny streets, Known as "Old Tom," reasonable prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co. 741
had beaten her son on the head and body Market itrtet. *
counting tiled by Henrietta Hevdenfeldt has
been sustained by Judge Hunt without leave
to amend. This ends litigation so far as Hen
rietta Heydenfeldt is concerned. She was one
who claimed to be a widow and entitled to a
widow's share. She sued to have the ex
ecutors account to her for all the transactions
in the estate since Heydenfeldt's death, but
that was a good many" years ego, and her
claims were all outlawed.
"CALL" CARRIER ASSAULTED.
M.i! k Fellheimer Charges a Boy With
Battery and Petty Larceny.
Mark Fellheimer, a Call carrier, found
some boys with about twenty copies of the
paper in their possession early Sunday
morning. Believing that the papers had
been stolen from doorsteps he chased the
boys and captured one on Eighth street.
The boy showed fight and struck Fell
heimer "several times, but he held on to
him till Policeman K. J. O'Conner arrived.
The boy, who gave the name of Samuel
Snyder and his ape as 10, was taken to the
Southern station and booked for battery.
The case came before Judge Joachimsen
yesterday morning and was continued, the
Judge releasing Snyder on his own recog
nizance. Fellheimer immediately ewore
out a warrant for Snyder's arrest on the
charge of petty larceny, and it wae sent to
Ihe Southern "station to be served upon
Snyder.
Subscribers on Fellheimer's route have
been loud in their complaints about not
receiving their Call.
AMID THE YACHT FLEETS
The Corinthian Club Will Open
the Season Next
Saturday.
Several Large Yachts to Escort the
Coronet to Sea— The San
Franciscos.
The different yacht clubs are busy paint
ing, polishing and otherwise getting
ready, and the end of the week will see all
the white fleets in ship-shape for the com
ing season.
A number of important events are set
for next Saturday. The principal one will
be the opening day of the Corinthian Club
at Tiburon. The companies of about
thirty vessels, with their friends, will
enjoy the festivities of the occasion. In
the evening the club will hold its jinks;
only the members will take part. The
next day the club will cruise in sqadron
around the bay. All of the vessels will be
in bunting and looking their prettiest,
consequently a fine nautical living picture
will be thrown over the bay.
This coming Saturday will also see the
Ea-tern yacht Coronet sail for Japan. She
will be escorted to sea by the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club. The vessels picked out
for this duty are the Chispa, Raniona,
Quern, "Whitewings and probably the
Lurline.
On Saturday, May 2, the San Franciscos
will give an opening day, with the Corin
thian, Caliiornia and Ensenada clubs in
attendance. Regattas will take place the
following day for class prizes.
The Seven Bells, Thorn and Van
Berge's vessel now belong to the Corin
thiun fleet. About forty-one boats now
fly the colors of this club.
Ex- Vice-Commodore Lyon is down from
his San Joaquin ranch, getting the Freda
ready for Corinthian day next Saturday.
Reception at Mills College.
Rev. Dr. and Mrs. Hellock were tendered a
reception at Mills College on Friday night. A
pleasant programme was rendered, after which
a social hour followed, with accompaniments
of music and refreshments.
A sale of fancy articles made by the young
ladies netted $00 for the Armenian Mrfferers,
and it has already started on its mission of
mercy. On Sunday Dr. Hallock preached in
Assembly Hail and gave a missionary address
iv the evening.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 1896.
FELL THROUGH INSOMNIA
W. C. Dudley, Secretary of the
Elks, Fails to Deposit Money
Received.
THE LODGE WILL LOSE $337 15.
Those Who Know the Defaulter Are
at a Loss to' Understand What
He Did With the Coin.
"W. 0. Dudley, secretary of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 6, Benevolent and Protective
W. C. Dudley, Defaulting Secretary of Golden Gate Lodge, P. B. O. E.
Order of Elks of this City, has lost the con
fide:. :e of his fellow-members through his
failure to account for certain moneys that
had been placed in his keepirg by virtue
of his office.
Dudley, who is an actor, and a good one
in his line, was secretary of Lodge No. 3,
and when that lodge consolidated with
No. 12 and became known as No. 6 he was
continued in the same office. His services
being so satisfactory he was re-elected
term after term, and so great was the con
fidence in his honesty he never was asked
to give a bond. But there came a time
when he went wrong, and that time was
on November 8 of last year, when he failed
to deposit a check for $51 75 given him by
Treasurer Rome Harris. On the 3d of
last January he neglected, to deposit a
check for $*5 40. On the 31st of January
the treasurer of the lodjre handed Dudley
$1200, with instructions to deposit the
same in the German Savings and Loan
Society's bank. About three weeks ago,
in having his books balanced, it was dis
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Bay District Track.
ir rates whr>re the torses have no record at the distance 10 be ran '.no records at th« next nearest
eitißr.ce are given.
Abbreviations— F.. fast: Fa., fair: n., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
Best
record.
Name.
754 j
1028 i
1034 i
1034
813
981
995 I
I Sharon Lass....
i Claudia T
Link Boy
Santa Paula '
Lost Girl !
Lord Chrgterfi'd'
Sweet William, i
jEmelia S j
Miss Glencola..
Sister Modred..
Valdos
Sen Morgan.....
Jerildeno
Sweet Liberty..
Viking
103
98
101
103
103
OB
106
109
• 106
101
101
106
98
101
109
i
....
....
C. L. McDonald
K. iiarron |
La Siesta farm
<'. T. Thucker
Martin A McConnell
Burns dWaterliousei
(5. E. Barron..
P. Mitchell
E. Powe
California stable....
Los Anxelea stable.
A. Maddox
W. Earn
Oakland stable
|O. Wright
iTyrant-ip. Dalanshire Lass
| Flambeau-Precious
I Klambf au-lmp. Cornelia
Sante Fe-Do;tle Dimple
Sobrante-by Tyrant
Imp. Cbesterfleid-Talluda
Fitzjames-Olive
Taue Noilce-Whisban
Take Notice-Glencola
I. SrMorirf-d-S to J. Douglas
Imp. Calvados-Sabrina
Apache-Mme. Wheatley
Rath bone- Miss Melbourne
ToraO-Santa Rita
llerald-Eileena
887
962
1015
897
990
1008
!
l
I
....
....
and a
Best
record .
1032 !
JOl3 !
1025 i
770 |
1030 I
957
1026
1035 ,
1039 I
(285)1
Catch 'Em
ICanvasback
I Decision
Key Alta
iLelia S
Linville
Huntsman......
0'F1eeta. .....;.
iMarjorie ...;..
'Nervoso
103 1:04 Vis'
8»i
89 1:34
103 1:02 ■ I
101 1:031.41
103 1:151/4 !
103 1:07
1061:09
92 1 :02
100! 1:09
5f
7f
15 f
5f
•if
5f
ir
107 H..|
"92 F.'.'.
125 F...
132 F...
io:i 1...
133JH..
108 F...
110 X...
1 100 Fa.
Mokelumne stk frm
R. Terrance j
M. T. Donovan i
lj. O. Bayley !
E. H. Griflin |
MustoA Kuyz ;
P. HerzoK
J. M. Buckley
IF. Phillips
| Klmwood Ktock frm
Ip. Midlothian- Little Fl
iFellowcharm-The Teal
1 Imp. Wasner-Fleta
! Alta-Kannie D
I ronw po<l-Jennie Mack
i Warwick-shasta
Prince Norfolk- Haldee
Harry O' !• alian-Kleeta
Iroquois-Tarantula
limp. Brutus-Nerva
THIRD RACK— One
and a sixteenth
Index.
(992)! Nephew
1026 Hy Dy
1018 Monita
1037 Tar and Tartar.
104u|Road Runner...
10S5 ImpFullertnLss
1014: Fred Gardner...
1035 Seaside
1037Trlx
1019 Meadow Lark...
1012 Hazard
1040 Hermanita
1027 i
Name.
107
104
110
104
107
102
107
102
99
98 j
9.«>
101
105 1
Best
record. Dist.
1 : 52 V 3! 1 1-16 m
1:4134 1 m
1:41% 1 m
1:43% 1 m
|l:18V4 6t
11:181/4 6 f
1:42% 1 m
1:15 6f
1:55 lVsni
1:16 6f
1:30% 7 f
1:28 7f
1 1:42% ! l m
Lbs Tk.
109 H..
92 F. .
104 F. •
99! Fa.
110 H..
lOliH..
104! F. .
105 F. .
105 F. .
109 F. .
106JF*.
97 F. .
100 Fa.
G.Rose.
J. H bhielda
M. Schwartz
A. G. Morris-
Antrim stable
ir'habona stable —
Livingston stable..
P. Siebenthaler
I Country O" D stable
I Elmwood stK farm..
J. O. Brown <fe Co..
I J. G. Follansbee
JO. B. Morris <fc Co..
Sprlnßbok-The Niece
Hyder Al!-Addie Warren
St. f-aviour-Niehthawk
Hiodoo-Brambaletta
Joe Dam els- Mi ss Hooker
Fullerton-Castaway
Luke Bl ckburn-Enfilade
jimp. Mariner-Marine
■ Freeman-Annie L
Imp. Brutus-Nabette
I Strathmore-Zoo Zoo
Fresno-sis, to Jim Dou^la'
Strathmeuth-Flow.ofMeat
FOURTH RACE- Extreme short course; pony
gentleman riders.
Best
Record
Tic.
Index.
. Same.
(979) Brandy
Tristan
979 : Li Hnng Chang.
979 Barbara
979 Alladin
858 Galloping Dick.
160
170
155
162
165
........
...
Mr. Bagot
Mr. Hensliaw
Lieut. Smedberg.. ..
Lieut. Benson....
Mr. Tobln
Mr. McCreary
....j
four hurdles: non-winners since May 28, 1895.
record.
Dist.
942 I
1033
987
1030
1018
1035
1038
1042
942 !
1026
1033
1023
1042
1038
|Wag...
'Comrade
Our Hick
Artemaa
Nellie Q
Jim Corbett.
Ravine
Arundel
!Hal Fisher
W. 1,. Munson..
lkeL
Templemore
342
142 no rec.
14. no fee.
132 no rec.
1331 no rec.
152! n0 rec.
142 no red.
188 I no rec.
142
142|
135 no rec.
142 '2:2-2
143!n0 rec.
130! no rec.
•
........
...
B. Crafion limp. Wajrner-Leonette
J. Roeers Tyrant- Blithesome
C. Neave Imp. Kelpie-Unknown
A. Maddox Argyle-by Imp. Sir Modred
J. Brenock Sanpson-Unknown
W. H. Bo wen Wildidle-Rachael
B. Levy Sld-Niena
Floodmore stable.. Puke of Norfolk- Elaine
F. F. Malvy 'Back Walton- Mice
J. S. Oppenhefmer. Spring! ok- Astoria
Garden City stable. :Major Ban-Miss Flush
J. Kr nock [Torn Ochi!tree-«adle E
|B. Rudolph imp. Cheviot-Are'husa
;O. Mathews Major Bnn-Libbertifllbbet
i'Vi'm"
f"
Loch invar
My Sweetheart.
I.:;.
furlongs;
Index. Name. -
-(10H5) Paros.... .......
1035 Mirambo
10S7 Rebellion
895 1 -demount
923 VirgieA ......
1037 Long Lady......
1039 Card well ....;..
1035 Instigator
863 Treachery ;."....
Best
Lbs record.
112 1:433,4
112 1:18 ■
109 1:18%
11211:1}%
107 1:01% !
107 1:13 ■
112 1:00%:
112 1:17%
107 j 1:12%
1 m
6f
*6f
m
*8f
: 5f
l 6 f
*6f
Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
90 Fa. J. Carroll Imp. Keene-Orav Sail
104 H. . Ambrose <fc Miller.. El Itlo Rey-Questlon
108 F..iWalcott stable Peel-Imp. Mutiny
102 H. .iLonp stable Three Cheers- Etta W
94 F.. B. Ward ilp. True Briton-Biz Bert
105JF . JBurns & Wterhouse: Major Ban- Decoy Dnrlr
110JF.. W. Karp Rathbone-Vicofia
118iH. . Klmwood stck farm Imp. Brutus-Installation
|104|f.. J.G. Brown iHanover-Drc-it
•
SEVENTH RACK— Five and a half furlongs: selling.
(1032) Gold 8ug.......
1036 I All 0ver.......:
1043 Hueneme.......
1019 Perhaps......:..
639 INicNac
(956) Last Chance....
1032 Leveua .......
1040 Sea 5pray.......
(1044) Heartsease
1049 M0de1;..........
(036) bummertiine...
Name.
103 1:081.4
112 1:30%
103 l:l7V*
91 1:071/4
86 1:07
103 1:07 V*
10411:0134
103 1 1:14%
86 1:09
101 1:07%
-85 1:10
Dist. Lbs Tk. , Owners. Pedigree. -
5% f 129 F... J. Hunter....... flttsburg-Mollie 8
■7f •>. 11l H.. D. C. Hildreth Hanover-Deceit
|*Bf 111 H.. C. L. McDonald.... fld-Dottle DlmDle ./ ->'
6% ' 110 F... Alma Dale stable.. : Kosciusko-Mav Vilev
6% t 89jF... Hums AWaterhouse Take Notice-Picnic
6% i 105iF... Oakland stable Duke Norfolk- Vedette .
5t 98 F..: G. 0i1man.......... j Ansel-Miss Goodrich
5, f / . 100 F... P. f ? i V aler ... Imp. Mariner-Maranette
6% * 99 Fa. J. C. Humphrey imp. KjTleDaly-Kxtract
6%r; 106 F... California stable.... Imp. St Modred-Gvnsv
6y a 102 H.. El Prlmero stable.. Fitzjames-bpringlUe
Pedigree.
covered that but $1000 instead of $12,000
had been deposited.
The matter was brought to the attention
of the lodge and a committee consisting of
Henry H. Davis, W. W. Ackerson, John
H. Curly, T. J. Lindsey and Thomas Bar
bour was appointed to make an investiga
tion of the books and accounts of Secretary
Dudley, who was suspended. An investi
gation of the accounts of tne ISO members
showed that all were in good standine ex
cept seven who were in arrears as toques,
and whose aggregate indebtedness does
not exceed $50. These seven are all out
side of the State, and to this fact is at
tributed their arrearage. But the exami
nation revealed the further fact that Dud
ley was, in addition to the $200, short
$137 15.
When called upon by a friend for an ex
planation as to why he had not turned this
over to the trustees his answer was that
the money was somewhere, but he could
not tell where; that he felt sure that he
had not used it for himself, but that hav
ing been troubled with insomnia for sev
eral months lie could not remember any
thing. This was what he state. l last Fri
day, on which day he tendered his resig
nation as secretary, but under the rule it
had to lie over for one week. It will be
accepted next Wednesday, and as the
lodge will not give him a demit card it
will have to drop him from the roll.
What Dudley has done with the money
is what is troubling those who know him
best. These say that he is a man who
lives very frugally, his expenses not ex
ceeding $30 a month; that he never treats
and does uot spend money for drinks or
cigars.
Some time ago Dudley went down south
with a theatrical company, and while there
be became stranded. The lodge, learning
of his circumstances, advanced him $50.
and when it came to a settlement it was
discovered that the lodge owed him $32—
two months' salary &* secretary — and then
he worked out the balance.
Some veais ago Dudley had a relative in
the employ of a company in this City who
"went wrotifr," misappropriating $1300.
When Dudley learnea of this he drew
from a bank all the money he had in the
world ($800), and with $500 which I is sis
ter contributed made good the amount to
save his family name from public disgrace.
The books have been experted for ten
years and no other discrepancy has been
discovered. During his term of office he
handled more than $23,000, and this is the
first time that there ever was anything
wrong in his accounts. The loss will fali
upon the lodge. Dudley was in the City
yesterday afternoon, but last evening he
could not be found.
FUN FOR NEWSBOYS.
Good Work Being Done by the Women's
Federation.
The several committees of the Women's
Federation met yesterday afternoon at 317
Mason street, for the submission and dis
cussion of their reports.
On Thursday night the mothers' meet
ing committee of which Mrs. Luse is
chairman, will have charge of a social and
entertainment at the Newsboys' Home on
Powell street. There will be music, a lit
erary programme and general fun for the
boys, to say nothing of refreshirrents served
by the ladies, who particularly request
that the newsboys' mothers come and
join in the evening's social.
An appeal has been made to the
Women's Federation to obtain clothes for
poor school children that are unable to go
to school for Jack of clothing. The women
hope if any persons have children's old
clothing that they would like to contribute
to the cause they will kindly leave it at
the federation headquarters, 317 Mason
street.
Salisbury Exonerated.
P. Salisbury, collector for a real estate firm,
who was arrested for assault with a deadly
weapon, had his case dismissed by Judge
Joachimsen yesterday. During the recent
snowstorm Salisbury was driving round
Twenty-third and Folsoin streets when he was
pelted" with snowballs by a crowd of young
men. He drew his revolver with ihe intention
of scaring them, tils horse swerved and the
revolver exploded, the bullet wounding
Michael McCarthy in the side. McCarthy was
in conn yesterday and told the Judge that he
was sure the shooting was accidental.
Masters and Pilots.
Golden Gate Harbor No. 40, American Asso
ciation of Masters and Pilots, held its regular
meeting in Fraternal Hall, Alcazar building,
last evening. The district deputy installed the
following officers: \V. T. Forsman, captain;
Charles Gustafson, first pilot; W. c. Tyler, sec
ond pilot; P. X. Stolen, captain's clerk; J.
Riciiap'.son, purser's clerk; Charles Johnson,
chuplaiii. The harbor will meet regularly on
the second Saturday of euch month.
NEW TO-DAY.
Women's ? ur way . of
selling Suits,
IJreSSeS. Cloaks, Waists
f^»"?| [ and the like is
tnot to let them
§ linger too long.
, ~'£S^£\\ If a loss must
A 3° 1 S^S be taken we
yjt\^W%4 never hesitate.
■i^r ' ° &C J ' The bulk of our
ajffiiy *%U goods we sell
MM | ( V| at a profit, but
liV ! I 1% y oll ' ll wonder
i f A \,X howwesqueeze
\\ A an^ P ro *'t out
ssl-^ \j! of these.
STYLISH OUTIN'O DRESSES— AII-
wooI serge— navy or black— jackets
in latest-cut wide skirts lined
throughout and stiffened. Our C?fi- 00
special price... *w™
HANDSOME ALL-WOOL CLOTH
DKESSES— StyIish mixed Cheviot
effects in tans, (rrays and blues-
very wide stiffened skirts— the new
style jackets, silk faced. Our special QT A.OO
price <4p-»-V/
TWENTY -DOLLAR ALL- WOOL
&KG E DRESSES— RippIe - back
Jackets— large buttons— dress lined
throughout— skir; stiffened and cut Gil 0.50
extra wide. Our special price (Jl— ,
ELEGANT DRESSES, SWELLEST
MIXED CHEVIOTS AND CLOTHS
—Cut and made by expert tailors —
jackets , the newest velvet-
bound, extra wide stiffened skirts—
a bargain at $25. Your choice of CM A?. SO
50 for <s>lt)
THREE SHIRT WAIST SPECIALS this week:
Fine Percale, laundried .10c
Solid Linen color, also pinks and blues 75c
Dimity with White Detachable Collar... sl 25
CLOAKS * J & 'p sa t^h 4fc
120KEARNYST.
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY— SpeciaI Safe
Days on Misses' and Children's Jackets and
Dresses. Reefers from $1.75.
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
We have on hand a large
quantity of New and Second-
hand Safeties For Sale at mar-
velously low ■ prices for spot
cash.
Also Sundries very cheap.
Specially low prices to Coun-
try Agents and others taking
quantities.
Come and see them or write
for particulars.
WM. NORMAN,
ROVER CYCLE DEPOT
326 and 328 McAllister Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
f right's Man' Veptalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands .of persona who
have used them for over forty years to cure
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood. ' ; ■.: : ...
Grossii'SuPciflcMixte
With this remedy persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of / diet,'- or
change in application to business. - The medicine
contains nothing that is of the least Injury to tan
constitution. Ask your druggist for it. - Price *1 »
bOMt* * - ■ " ■ '-* ~■ "■ "■ " ■ * '■ ■ " --7 ' " ■■'-■'
,^, "vL'-^-^^-^-w, O -«^«^ 'v -^ ' ■ '■'■*'■ ' ■
% "*5 < — - *v*> *ss3*f--. '-§~ '"C* s^^ f-tr^^T^S^-^. "C^« 'rgjaCir" *"?^
IE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
•*-*• being one of the wosdkbs of the wobid, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate In Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism. Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 810 TO 815 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. F.
PACIFIC (MGRESS SPRINGS.
One of the Finest Hotels In California.
LOCATED IN THE C A YON OF THE SANTA
XJ Cruz Mountains, a mile above Saratoga, amid
enchanting scenery. 800 feet above the sea level,
with a frontage of 450 feet south.
Large Double Rooms, With Private
Bathrooms.
PURE SPRING of the famed CONGRESS
SPRINGS MINERAL WATER of the alkalo-
chalybeate class: valuable for table use and dys-
pepsia, liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism,
gout and cutaneous affections.
HOTEL and COTTAGES.
NEW N ATATORIUM.
' ALL lighted with electricity; electric bells, tele-
graph and telephone; good stables.
RATES VERY REASONABLE ; only 21' 3
hours from San Francisco, via S. P. Write for
particulars.
J. F. PFETCII, Proprietor.
MPA SODA SPROGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have You Been- There Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postofflce.
Burros to ride. Bowline: alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New Improvements every
venr. Gas ana running water In every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' deliuht; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG !
Qneen of All Mountain Resorts.
The Tavern of Castle Crag, the most
beautiful, attractive and accessible of
all mountain resorts, will open for the*
reception of guests June Ist, and close
October Ist, 1896.
GEORGE SCHONEWALD, Manager,
Room 59, Union Trust Building,
San Francisco.
NO */V O^-^33X".
Under the Old Management.
TTOTEL AND COTTAGES. ON AUSTIN
XX Creek, In the heart of the Sonoma woods,
terminus of N. P. C. B. R., via Sausalito ferry,
Train leaves at 1:45. Fine swimming, hunting
and trout fishing. Terms reasonable. For par-
ticulars address
V. F. BURNS, Proprietor,
■ _____^ : Cazadero, Cal.
HAIIBL\ HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Lake County, Cal.
THE FAVORITE SUMMER AND WIN-
TER RESORT.
TTANDSOME NEW HOTEL; LARGE AND
XX commodious rooms; large new dining-room •
everything newly furnished throughout the hotel
and cottages. .
Stage daily from Callstoga to springs; round-trip
ticket at Southern Pacific office, $8. Fine fishing
and hunting. Address J. A. HAYS, Proprietor.
IT I H fl fl HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V If All ' V bounty, only 4V 2 hours from
\l\l4lTlT\ San Iranclsco; but 9 miles
II |\ Jl 1111 I] staging: new road through
******»« VI canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130° >'ahr
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquiios and other anriovinu
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7*aO
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Round-trip ticket only $5 50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $12 a week; baths free.
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZILEA,
Tocaloma, BertramTs Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE-
lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion, i
croquet and lawn tennis; fine trout fishing, bath- i
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val- :
ley; postoftice, express, telegraph and livery at \
both hotels: terms $8 and $13 per week.
VICTOK W. KRA USS, Manager.
JOS F. BERT RAND. Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. m.
EL BONITO HOTEL
•VTOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOX THE
Xi season; salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc.: terms
reasonable. G. W. MORGAN,
Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co.,CaL ,
OLENBROOK
IS ONE OF THE • MOST CHARMING RK-
sorts In the State. Fine scenery, hunting and
Iflshlng; excellent table. For circulars and further
nformation aclaress O. W. R. TREDWAY
Proprietor, Glenbrook, Lake County, Cal.
fjj|S| MANHOOD RESTOREDiS^
T7 ' <^ PT Bo» -«pK (3 . tion of a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
\>> }A/ \v ,\\ ? ous or <% ases, of the generative orsans, such ns Lost Manhood
IMm V* idsdl Insomnia^ains la the BucK, Seminal Emissions, Nervons TDebiStv'
VJT S^ T **&T Pimp es, Unntness to Marry, Exhausting VaricVr^eai^
NT Jr V .-/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents
> *-^ - ness of discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea
| BEFORE and AFTER £" ehorr °" of Impotency. cdpidgxe cleanses theUver. tb4
rrurnTv!. -^ »v kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities.
■ ■■ . • CUPIDEXE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
The reason sufl'erpr-. are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled with
CUPinEXßlßtheonly known remedy to cure without an operation. 6000 tentimonfi
* ls A. A written trnarantPß riven and money returned if six boxes does not ekect a Tpermanenteura
$I.ooabox,sixforss.oo,byniail. Send for pbee circular and testimonials. jjeruwienieura
- Address DAVOL MEDICINJE CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by
r;.--i,. BROOKS' PH AMI AUY, 119 Powell street.
WAGOJS. CARRIAGES AND HARNESS. m ____ «on beds,
Fifty per cent saved! *-f- T't -*" BRASS BEDS,
Factory prices— Send ! r v FOLDING BEDS*
VWR/I ri'r?, 10103116 '*^^*^ Wire and Hair Mat-
xsaKaHß^^^-ri^lSSif^ ffW «^^ co^cces.Blcici^
Ass«^^hS3£i2^_\ Harness $3t0525; ll] jK f tTr "W. A. SCHROC^
VJmS&SJ W~*~Z) We ship everywhere. ■ nZZZTI, J_ I ! 21
'V^YWO^/Xl)oW\/ California Wagon an! i **«w r~] i^ail . New MiiiiiEomorT
VSLfcf^ V/Xy^T (: '' lrriaLr '' Co -- Bti '- to V k^t , J St., under Uraud
■ '"■* 44% Fremont at., s>. F. I . ■ '^'.- .'• Hotel, b. i".
highland springs,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and flahingt
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest stage
route into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs.
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco.
From san Francisco It costs only $8 for th«
round trip, and the hotel rates are $1 50 to *2 50
per day or 10 to $16 pet week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. Railway via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CP.A IG, Manager.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery st.
YOUB iill !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go ' "where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the, light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll umler
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now under ' the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN K. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
. Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
SAXTA CITALHI ISLASD.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
UNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
U coast excurs ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open. Island Villa in July.
For full information, Illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
22a South Spring st., Los Angeles, CiU.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKK,
is most Dlcturesque. i^oda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
it throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boatintr and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has just
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
daily a.age from Pieta and Highland Springs,
Adams. seller, Blue Lakes and aratoga. Fare
I from San Francisco. $5 50; rounl trip. $10. Spe-
cial rates for families. O. B. VA'IT, proprietor,
Soda Bay. Kelseyville, Lake County. Cal. ■»--»'•<£>
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL,
Hopland, 3leudocino County, Cal.,
TTC^ZXjiIj oDF»:E23xr iwa:.A.-5r 1
THIS NEW 3-STOHY, HARD- FINISHED HO-
-L tel is located 2 miles from Hopland station, on
the line of S. F. &N. P. P.. B. The hotel is built
on a knoll, 250 feet above the vailay and 1000 feet
above sea-level. There are several furnished cot-
tages; also fine Electric and Magnesia Baths.
Amusements: Billiards. Lawn-Te:inls, Croquet,
PhulHe-Boards. Fine walks to Duncan Peak, -J2OO
feet. Beautiful view.
O. HOWELL, Proprietor.
Board, 810 to 818 Per Week. Free Bag.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
T. ■X ' COUNTY.
"POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
X year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10: special
conveyance daily. For Information address JOHN
SPAULDING, Selgler Springs, Lake County, Cal.
INWOOD FARM.
AN IDEAL SUMMER HO3IK.
For particulars and terms address
FRBD N. SHELDEN,
Sebastopol, Sonoma County.
HOTEL DE . THORNTON,
POTTER VALLEY.
FIRST-CLASS IN EVERY RESPECT.
R. E. BADE):, PROPKIETOR.
Rates, $7 per week. Bath s> nd all modern con-
veniences in connection with Hotel.
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
J. hunting and fishing where game of all kinds la
plentiful, take the S. F. and N. P. R. R. to Ukiah,
Berry hill stage to Potter Volley, McMath's stago
to lluliviile. P. O. address, Hullvllle, Lake Co. Cal.
FOR A SUMMER OUTING.
FOR RENT FROM JUNE I— NEW COTTAGE,
5 rooms and bath: furnished; beautiful loca-
tion; 2 miles from Glen Ellen; $10. Apply to
UKO.O. CLARK,
■■: :' r,s Office Welis, Fargo & Co., City.
LAUREL DELL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasure-seekers: boating and bathing free; no
pains will be spared to provide a good table; terms
$3 to $12 per week; route 8. P. and N. P. Railway;
through fare ti; round trip §9 SO. Address H.
W AMBOLD. Prop., Bertha P. p.. Lake County ,Cal.
SOLID COMFORT HOME RESORT— II MILES
O from Napa City, on Mount Vedt-r; elevation
1500 feet; mountain spring water: tine scenery;
healthiest climate: positive euro for asthma; good
board and room $8 per week: open to Ist of Janu-
ary ; fare from Napa City $1 50 via Phoenix Livery
Stable. Address MRS. A. F. ALLEN. Napa City.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
O — The most beautiful summer resort in -the
State; 8 different springs: sulphur, soda, Iron,
magnesia, seltzer, etc. ; good rishing and hunting;
accommodations first-class: rates $10 per week
arid upward: table unexcelled; hard-finished
rooms en suite and cottages. Address J. MAR-
THNS,' Bachelor Pos office, Lake County, Cal.
jlut: LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
' » hotel, now open; many new Improvements for
li» entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. : good fishing
:.i! hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. C, Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Choice Wheat firm.
Feed and Kolled Parley advanced.
Oats In fair ilrmand.
Corn firmly Leld. Rye dull.
Ample receipts of Hay.
Beans dull and weak.
Potatoes steady, onions lower.
Asparagus lower. Given I'eas higher
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Eges somewhat easy.
Poultry nominal.
More ilumftse by frost.
Lemons slow.
Important circular to frult-growera.
Provisions unchanged.
Reported demand for Wine Grapes.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
at s:au>;i indlca < maximum tempt ratur* for ihe
day^; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
raintall. of melted si o.v in inches and himdredths,
during the past twtlve hours. Isobars, or solid
lini s. conned points of equal air pressure; su
therms, or doited lines, equal temperature. 'Ihe
woni "hieh" means hich barometric pressure and
Is usuilly an'omoanied by fair weather: "low"
ri'f- r« !0 tow pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather "and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. Wh' n ihe pre>s.:re is high in the interior
and low along the coasi, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
hiit when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain touth of Oregon is itnprob
ab'.r. With a "liigh" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California' coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WJBATBEB liVREAD REPORT.
T'vitkd States Department of Agbicul-
TfBE, Weatuks Bibkai:, Sas Francisco,
April 20, 1896, 5 p. m— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The foil owing are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka 45L69, last season 40.28: Bed Bluff
17.66, last season 27.90; San Francisco 17.38, last
season 23.98; Fr.suo 5.99, last season 13.23; Sun
Lu'sObispo \h. oß. last season --'4.97: Los Angeles
8.88, last sea-un 16.58; Sun Diego 5.80. last season
11.98; Yuiua .88. last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Eureka
b4. Red Bluff 62, San Francisco 60, Fresno 68, San
Luis uWspo 62, Los Angeles 64, San Diego 60,
Yuma 82.
San Francisco Maximum temperature 60,
minimum 43. mean 52.
The following rainfalls have occurred duri ng the
past 24 hours: Eureka .16 of an inch.
The air pressure is very uniform throughout the
Pacific Coast States. There has been quite a
marked rise in temperature throughout the Pa
cuic Coast states, the changes being least in Cali
fornia. Clear weather still vails throughout
this region and moderate frosts are a;ain ex
pected to-night, but probably no: so severe as last
night.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. April 21. 1898:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh to
brisk westerly winds aiong the coast.
southern California— Fair: somewhat warmer
Tuesday; fresh westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
Sun Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
brisk westerly winds.
W. K. Hammok, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 20.— Business at the
Stock Exchange wes on a larger scale to-day and
on well-distributed business prices for the leading
issues scored material gains. Commission houses
with foreign connections received more orders
that? for some time and local bull operators were
al so disposed to extend the lines, especially in the
grangers. The steady rise in British consols, pri
vate cables reporting transaction* as high as 114
and the advance in United states fours of 1925 to
llkS/ , explain why investors and others are com
pelled to seek other avenues for the employment
of their capita!.
London, according to good authority, bought
fully 10 000 shares of St. Paul, Louisville and
Nashville and the low priced southwesterly as
well as round amounts of mortgages. - Local opera
tors paid more attention to the grangers than of
late,. and the bears also covered extensively .right
through the list. The . withdrawal of $400,000
gold from the sub-treasury had no effect whatever
as the sterling exchange market is inclined to
droop. It was understood at a late hour that only
$200,000 of gold will be forwarded to-morrow. '1 he
disposition of tne balance was not positively
known, some asserting that it will be forwarded
later in the week, and others that it will De turned
into a local city bank.
The matter at best excited only a languid inter
est. The advance in stock prices at one time was
equal to *<4@3% per cent," Consolidated Gas lead
ing with sales up to 164. Subsequently there was
a reaction to 16()@162. Other stocks conspicuous
in the rise were the Grangers, Union Pacific, Mis
souri Pacific and Louisville and Nashville. In
the Industrials sugar rose to 126V2- the best price
yet reached. Cotton oil preferred advanced 13/ to
67% and tobacco 2 to 73. Speculation closed
stroui; with prices anywhere from Vi to 2 per cent
higher on the day. Total sales. 242,450 shares.
Bonds were active and strong. Sales tooted up
$1,235,000. Atcnlson general fours Ito 80%; do
adjustment,! to463fe; Baltimore and Ohio rives,
2 /4 to 90; Colorado .Midland general sixes certifi
cates, 3 1 " to 76; Kansas and Texas seconds. Ito
60: Peoria and Eastern consolidated fours, l^to
'77%; Pittsburg and Western fours, ly 2 to 7 al /2- I
In Government bonds 93.000 coupon fours of
1925 brought 11E@U6%: 9 1500 d0 1907, 109
and $50,000 coupon lives 113%.
Grain.
FI.OUR— DuII, steady: winter wheat, low grades,
•2 20fa,3; do fair to fancy, «2 85@3 86:
do patents, $3 90<&4 25: Minnesota clear, $2 60
(a Hi 6: do straits, $3@3 50: do patents, $3 45
fA 35;' low extras. $2 MAS; city mills,
4&4 20: do patents. $4 JSO(S4 50; rye mixture
?2 60@3 30: superfine,- s2<Si2 34; fine, $2@2 30.
Southern Hour dull, steady: common to *air ex
tra, 4IJ(&3; good to choice do, $3@3 30. Hye
flour quiet, steady: $2 50®-' 85. Buckwheat flour,
$1 20&1 25.
WHEAT- 40@41c.
COKNMKAL — .yellow Western, $2 20@
2 25: Brandy wine. $2 20. .
. ItYK— Steady; Western, 46c.
BARLEY— KIrm; ungraded Western, 49©50 c.
■ BARLEY MALT— 4B@SS.\
• WHEAT- Dull, easier. No. 2 store and elevator,
nominal:, afloat, nominal; f. o. L.. 7S%c to arrive:
ungraded red, 63(gi84c; No. 1 or: hem, 74l/ 8 c to
arrive. / " - ••
Options closed weak at 3,i@lc decline on easier
cables, weak West, line crop reports from Kansas
and local liquidations. July and Mar most active.
No. 2 red, April, 74% c; May, 72i/ac; June and
July 720; September. 1-iy^c.
Stocks of grain, store and afloat, April 18:
Wheat, 475.705; corn. 49,245; oats. 1,477,077
--rye, 14,312; barley, 7150; malt. 127,625: peas,
562 bushels. ■
CORN— Steady. No. 2, 39c elevator: 40c afloat.
Options were dull find weak at i/B@Vi decline,
following the West and on local realizing. Septem
ber and August most active: April, 3ti%c; May,
S6V*c; July, :s7J/ 8 c: September, 38V«c.
VOATS-Stcady: quiet. -
Options dull, e<»i»-r. May, 24 % c; July. 245/ a c
Spot prices: No. 2. 25y @25»ic; No. "2, white,
27c: No. v ChicaKO, 26% c: No. 3, 24i/ a c: No. 3,
white. 2;>3ic: mixed Western, V2sy«fa26i-/.>c; white
do; 27@29c; white stale. -J7fa.29c.
■ . FEhl> BUAN— 6O(a,B.:V'jC^ >v
MIDDLINGS— 65(q)70c. . .-
KYE-Feed, 65@70c.
■.'-'"':•' '•' ■' 'Provisions.
BEEF- Qniet, steady. Family, $9 50@10: ex
.tra mess. f7@B. Beef hams, dull, $14 50(ii16:
ti.Tced beef, steady,- quiet. City extra India mess.
$15(o15 60: cut meats, dull; pickled bellies, l::
uound&i 4SJic; do shoulders, 4V»fa.4 :i do hams,
LAKD-Quiet. lower; Western steam, $5 20
--city, *4 Kfj-g,! 70: May, $0 20. Keuued, dull
continent, *5 60: touth American. »5 80: com
pound. 4 1 :."> ft c.  • . . : ,
fORK — Firm, moderate demand. Old mess
9 P@9 50; new mess, 4.10ra.10 25. - • "-7*: ; ?
jbUTTKK— Qilei, easy: state dairy, 9@l4c
do creamery ll@15c: Western dairy, old, 7V-»(a;
9*6 c; do creamery. ll@15c: do held. 9<£l2c; do
factory, 7i/fe@loi/2<:; t-lglna, 15c; imitation cream
ery, 10@12l:. ■ - ..• i -
CHEiiiJii:— Quiet. ...State fancy, 9 3 @10c; do.
small, 10©10V4c; part skims, 3@sy a c: full skims,
94®'-Vfcc. " : ' ''■•■■
K(.GS— Weak: largo supply; State and Penn
sylvania, llV2@l'-'e; Southern. 10@10i/^c; West
ern fresh, 10(0.1 114c; duck, 15C»--c; goose, 2 0@
25c.
TALLOW— Quiet, easy. City, 35/ g c: country, 3y @
35/ 8 a
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, weak. Crude, 22c:
yellow, prime, 26iyi@-25^0: do, grade. 26i4@
25y 2 c. ■ ,•
RESlN— Quiet, firm. Strained common 10 good,
$1 95.
TURPENTINE— Quiet, firm, 29@29^a
POTATOES— OId, quiet, weak.
KlCK— Firm. Domestic fair to extra, 3@sS4c;
Japan. 4@4i.4c.
MOLASSES— FairIy active, firm. New Orleans
open kettle, pood to choice. 26@S7c.
COFFEE— 6 points down to 5 points up.
April, $12 70; May, $12 75@12 80; June, $12 60:
July, $12 3S(§tl:.' 40: September. $11 40; Octo
ber, *11 10; December. $10 85; March, $10 65®
@10 70. Spot Rio dull; No. 7. I8S4&
SUGAR— Raw firm, quiet: fair refining, 3S/i@
3%e: centrifugals 96 test, 4 6-16 c. » Refined,
quiet, firm. Oft A, 4 15-16@5y 8 c; mold A, lS4c;
standard A, oV^c: confectioners' A. 53/ 8 c: cut loaf
and crushed, 6Vsc; powaered, 6%c; granulated,
6Vfec; cubes, 62,4 c.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS
APRICOTS Bags, BV2@l2c ■
ALMONDS— ll@12c; do soft-shell,
7y 2 @«c.
PEACHES— Unpeelea. per tt>, 4@Bc; do peeled,
2 <aisc
PRUNES— Four sizes, sc.
RAISINS— London layers, 80@90c: do Clusters,
$1 2Q@l 40: do two-crown, 26/s@3c; do three
crown, 3s/s@3V4c: do four-crown, 4%@5c.
WALNUTS— standard. 6y 2 ®7c; do soft-shell,
8y 2 @ioc.
HOPS— Quiet. State common to choice, 2y r<aßc;
Pacific Coast. 2i£@Bc. ■
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 16@21c; pulled,
15@S3c: Texas, 7@l2c
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Moderate demand; American, $11
@13 35.
COPPER— Nominal: Lake, $10 87%.
LEAD— FIat; domestic. $3 05.
TlN— Steady; straits, $13 40; plates moderately
active.
SPELTER— Easy: domestic, »4 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lix., April 20.-All bull feeling in
wheat was washed away by the rain this morning.
The Southwest was visited with a good downpour,
and other sections thai were beginning to com-
Dlain were afforded relief. The statistical situa
tion showed scant improvement, the visible sup
ply decreasing but 847,000 bushels and the
amount on ocean passage 480,000 bushels. The
world's shipments were estimated at 6,800,000
bushels, an increase over the previous week, but
still not up to the estimated requirements.
Liverpool stocks decreased 150,000 bushels.
Receipts in the Northwest were free, 477 cars ar
riving against 179 last Monday and 317 a year
ago. Chicago received 17 cars and inspected out.
83,000 bushels- Liverpool cables were quiet and
steady. Paris closed hizher. The English visible
supply decreased 508 000 bushels. Export clear
ances were light nt 208.H14 bushels. May wheat
opened from 6534@65y 2 c, declined to 643,4 c, clos- I
ins at 65c, % c under Saturday. Estimated re- i
ceipts for to-morrow, 26 cars.
CORN — Evinced perfect aereement with the
weakness of wheat. The decline in prices was
principally in sympathy with the finer grain, al
though receipts, 391 cars, were 31 more than ex
pected ana Liverpool cables were i/id lower.
Withdrawals from store were '.'66,449 bushels, the
large volume betokening the opening of naviga
tion. The visible supply increased 323,000 bush- j
elB, and the amount on ocean passage decreased 1
1,280,000 bushels. May corn opened at 30ygC, !
declined to 293/i@29%c\ closing at29%c, Vie un- j
der Saturday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, I
525 cars.
OATS— Like their companion commodities ex
perienced depression. At intervals a fairly large
business was transacted. "Shorts" were the best
buyers, however. Commission-houses appeared to
have a slight increase in the number of orders.
Receipts were 241 cars and 250,764 bushels were
taken from store. '« he visible supply Increased
231.000 bushels. May oats closed a shade under
Saturday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 300
cars. ■■"• '■■'. ,■■■■'• '■'■
FLAX— steady. Cash, 9iy 2 @9l3>ic: May,
8Sy 2 @B9c: July. 9l bid; September, 92^0 bid.
Receipts were 32 cars.
PROVISIONS— bog market was overstocked
this morning, the run being far above the expec
tations and prices dropped 10@15c. A correspond
ins gloomy tone pervaded the product market,
holders exhibiting anxiety to sell. Declines took
place all around. May pork closed Be lower; May
lard 2%@5c lower and May ribs 7%c lower.
('lofting Prices.
WHEAT— ApriI, 64y a c; May, 65c: July, 66c.
CORN— April, MKfcc: May, 297/ 8 c; July, 31c:
September, B @32!Ac.
OATS— lU5 /8 @19%c; July, 20@20y Sep
tember, 2OV4C.
PORK— *8 55: July, $8 75.
LARD-May, *4 90; July, $5 02%.
RIBS— May. $4 SO; July, $4 45.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, . In., April 20.— The
supply of cattle to-day was heavy. Trade was slow
and prices declined 10@15c. Buyers of boss took
'advantage of a big run to force a decline of 102 In
prices. The quality was good. Offerings of sheep
were large. The feeling was weak at last week's
decline.
CATTLE — Receipts, 21,000. Fancy beeves,
$4 30@4 40; choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 pound
steers, $4 05@A 25: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, $3 75(34: medium steers, 1000
to 1400 pounds. S3 55@S 70: common steers. 950
to 1400 pounds. $3 20®3 60: choice feeders.
900 to 1150 pounds, $3 60(a-3 90: common to good
stockers. $3 Co(g,3 60: bulls, choice to extra. S'J 75©
3 25: bulls, poor to choice, $2 10@2 70: cows and
heifers, extra. $3 60@3 85: cows, fair to choice,
S2 50@3 50: cows, poor to good canners. * ; 1 40@
2 45: veal calves, good to choice. *4 00(d>4 75:
calves, common to good, $2 f>o@3 75; Texas fed
steers. $3 15(a,3 85; Texas bulls, oxen and cows,
$2 25(a3 50; milkers ana springers, per head, $20
®4(i.
HOGS— Receipts, 38,000. Heavy packing ana
snipping lon. $3 4003 65: common to choice
mixed, 83 40@)3 75: choice assorted, $3 £o@3 95:
light, *3 55663 85; pigs, $2 95@3 80.
sHEKP— Receipts. 13.030. Inferior to choice,
¥2 40&3 55; lambs, $3 60&4 50.
new \oi:k STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, 31onoy and Railroad
Shares.
Money on'call easy at 2Vi@3v. last loan at 2y %
and closing offered at 2y 2 %. Prime mercantile
paper, 6^96%. liar silver. 673/ic Mexican dollars,
54c. bterlin? exchange easier, with actual business
in DaiiKTS 1 bills at. $4 S7i/ 2 !§,4 87»4 for 60 Clayn and
*4 svi/i'a)4 »<HWi for demand. Posted rates, $4 8by 3
(44 89 Vof Commercial bills. 84 8ey 2 @4 87y 4 ..Oov
eriinieiTi bonds steady; State bonds dull; lamoaa
bonds higher. Silver at the board quiet.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel* Cable-.. 94 | Norfolk & Wei:... Vi
Atchlson- l 6 s/ 8 ' Preferred.... „ 4i., 3
Preferred ...... 2 »Vs Northern Paciflo.. 13/
Ad«msi'-Jpre«s...Ha I Preferred....... lli /8
AKon.TerreHaute. 58 Nonnwestern. 10 3 i /2
American Express.ll4' Preferred I*3
American Tobacco. 72% *>'• Y. Central 87%
Preferred 95 IN.V. Ch lcago«fcH, J*j
BayfetateUaa 2-' l '*! let preferred 7 9
Baltimore & Ohio.. 18 V* M Preferred. 3414
BrunswicK Lands- .As*- V& N. H. ...... 174
Buffalo Koeh&i*. 16y s X V&>ew Eng. 46
Canada Paclnc... 08.^ > Y. fensq & W.^ X\ a
Canada Southern.. 50% Preferred. a**
i .mnn iauJ .. »J% Ontario '■iVm
rentm Pacific.... 15i 2 Ontario & 15?J
Cnea.* Ohio. I o7 /8 Oregon Improvmk 1 -
,:,,.„„ Alton 1 54 i Preferred. —
t |Kxsi£v! . .... *™ ' Oregon Navlgauoi SO
Chicago .&&&... SOy 2 ;(Jreijoni4liorH4a«. 71,4
i-h550*K.351... 41 V " Pacific Man .. 28
I'-elerred 8 9 Peona. D.& Evans. 24
ChlcaKOUM . « 9 PHtsburg & W pM. 16
tlcvc&PTii'sbuVi.lW) i Pullman Palace... 159
consolidation Coai. 80 jUoicksnver — li/,
Consolidated Gas.. /2 . Preferred. _ '16 1
C? C C &SU Louis. 35 .Beading 12y 3
Preferred 83 RloGrande <&W«atU 18
Colo. Fuel <S. iron.. SI ! Preferred. 43
Preferred. ....!«« Rock Island.. 72
Cotton oil Cert.... 143 RomeWat«fcOgdenll4y
commercial Cable. 158 6t. L. <fc aV* 5V
Eel. Hudson.. 127 I, Preferred. 117 /8
Del.LackitWesternl''9 6UPaul..: ... 773/ 8
Denver&K. U»..._ 12V'a Preferred l'-'ttvg
Preferred. 47% et. Paul Doluta. 24
Listllleri 18% - Preferred . b7
General Electric... 38 . 61. Paul 4. Omaha, 41 1/8
trie ;..„.... 15 3 /s| Preferred 12iy a
Preferred". 403 A St. p. M. &M. 101 j
Fort Wayne 160 ; Oliver Uertincates.: 678/ 8
Greats orihernofd. 109 Southern Paoiflo... 19'/>
Green */t A. 1t...^, 10
Bariem ....29& I Preferred. 317/g
HocklnirCoal 6y B |feuKar Hennery.... 8
Hocking Valley... l» l /4i Preferred. 103
Homestake ....... 30 Ter m. Cow lroa 316/ 8
H. Texas Cent.. ix ' Preferred 104
Illinois Central.... 2b:-t, 4 exas 1'Rc1f10...... BSA
lowa Central. 9 IToI.A.A.A N.Mictt.—
Preferred SIM/., 101. & OhloCen.... 35
Kansas <s Texas.— 15*% Preferred 73 •
Preferred 28% 10l.St.U)ui»dtK.a 6y a
Kingston &. Pern... 3 ! Preferred 10
Lake Erie &Wesca 18y 3 Union Pacific. .... 9%
Preferred 70 ,1 P.. Den. <fc Quit 3%
l.a«e Shore... 148 i/ 2 V .B. Corda«B... M .." 48/*
.National l^ead 28 j Preferred 9
Preferred ill Guaranteed....... 10
Long Island 80 V. K. Express...... 40
Lculsvllle & Nash. --% I. !■• leather. ... sVa
Louisville Ka«t On. 81-0 Preferred. ...._ 6134
Preferred  .(H/a U. S. Kuober .....; 27i/.
Manhattan C'onsoi.l ' 1 i Preferred '' a /i
Mempnis & Cliarls. 15 t'tlca it B. ltlver.,lso
Mexican Cectral... 934 H'ab. fci. L. & Pao.. 7 i/ H
11 icbigan Central.. £5i 4 Preferred 191 „
ilinn &m. v VVeiis-Fama ...... 98
Preferred......... — Western Union.. bSV«
Minn. «fc St. i.cotn. • 19V 4 Wls Centra......... - 3154
Ist preferred "i9'--j Wheeling & 1. X..
2dpreferred 62 .1 - Preferred. ..... '36 •
Missouri Pacific... 273/ ' Am Cotton UU pfd. i)7.v.
Mobile & Ohio 22 .iW U Beef ......... Hvt
Nashville Chau.... »;8 Ami Arbor 191,
National Linseed.. 18 ■ Preferred.. 26
N. J.ceniral 107V2 Brooklyn Traction. 22^
>on American... 6 •-•
CLOSING BONDS. ; ; •
V F4R.re«t........".1U83/ 8 M X T 2d» ; . .'. '... 60
Do, 4s coupon... ■ 1 Do. 45........ 85
'V X 4snewreg.....ll7i/4 Mutual Union 65... 114
Do, 4s coupon... llvi+jN J Cent Gen 65...11814
Do. its.... 96 Northern Pac Ist*, lloi/x
Do, 6»............11iV 2 Do. 2d«...;.......112
Do. 6s c0un0n....11:-J3/ 4 -D0.8C!«...; : 74Vi
Cherokee 4a. 1890. 100 A ortu west Consols. 1 ;•: 9 1'
. Do. 1897.... ...... 100 : I Do. deb 65^......107
Do. 1898 .100 iOR&N lsts.... 110
•1 lie. 1899 ■....'... 1 -;0 |6tL<tlronMtGenos 7Sy»
Ptrifi.- Cs 0f '85....— fct L «t SFGnn 6«. K'B-V«
6».........10ayiitt Paul Consols ...138^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TT7ESDAY, APRIL 83, 1896.
▲la Class A 4.......104 St. P. C. * Pa lsta. 116
; Do. Class 84, ss. 106 | Do. Pac Cal ista.. 107
LaC0n50145........ 98. Southern K. K. ss. 94
Missouri undine..— ; Texas Pacific fine* HHVi j
X Carolina con 65.. 122V 2 Texas I'ac seconds. 23% |
Do, «a 103 UnionPac lstofOa. 105
f-o Carolina 4V05... 106 West Shore 4a .... 106V4 '
1 enn new .is ..85% Mobile A Ohio 45.. 86V* i
V a funding deoc... 6oy 2 I: Grande Weal lacs 75
Do, reg — ■ Cbea&Oßs :..... 109
Do. deterred da... 6 Atchlson 4s 80
■Do. trust rcDts st 5" Do. ........ 26
Canada South 2a5..104H G H & 8 A 6s 105
Cen Pac or '95 100% Do. 2d 7s. . ... 100
Den Ist.. 114 II * Tex Cent 65.. 108 .
Do. 45.... 89y Do.con6a l"0
JruLdM ...;..„.. 66y 2 Heading 4a 79Vs
Kansas Pa Consols 76 Missouri tin  100
Kb **■ ls;a Den divllO
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ens., April 20.—The spot market
Is firm at 5s 7V 2d@ss 8y 2 d. Cargoes quiet at 28s
sellers, no buyers.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: April,
6s6yd; May, 6s 6%d; June, 5s 6V*d: July, 5s
6d: August, 5s 6y 2 d.
SECURITIES,
LONDON, .-Ess.. April -Consols, 113V4; sil
ver, 3id; French Rentes. lOlf 70c
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5....... — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89V 2
Sterling Cables — 4 90 ■
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic, — 10
Fine Silver. %i ounce — 6734
Mexican Dollars 54% 65*/±
IMPORTANT TO FRUIT-GROWERS.
Circular From the Fruit Exchange Con
cerning Eastern Shipment*. 
The San Francisco Fruit Exchange has Issued
the following circular: ' *■• \.
Hoodwinking the Produce* of California
Dried Fruit —Sample of Kastern Corre
spondence With Our Fruit-Growers.
Dear Sir: Your valued letter regarding dried |
fruit received and carefully noted. In answer to
this will say that there Is a good demand in this
market for such goods as you mention. French
prunes are selling according to sizes, as follows:
40's to SO's, 7 to7Voc; 50's to 80's, 6V 2 c: 70's to
80's, 6c; 80's to 90's, 534 c; 90's to 100's, 5y 2
100's to 120's, 6c. There is a good demand for
peaches and apricots. Choice peaches are selling
at 7c; fancy, 9c; fancy cots, lie; choice, BVa@B=-
If you can see your way clear in shipping to this
market we would be pleased to represent you and
handle your brand of irult, and would be willing to '■
do so for 5 per cent, and we would make you lib
eral advances on same. If you can ship anything,
please let us hear from you. We would like very
much to make arrangements with you the coming
season to handle Northern California deciduous
fruits, as we are large handlers in this line. Please '
bear us in mind, and in all probability we will be 1
able to do considerable business together. Thank- 1
ing you in advance ana awaiting your reply, we |
are, . :
Commenting on the above the following letter
nas been received at the San Francisco Fruit Ex
change from- one of the largest dealers in the
Northwest:
••Above we hand yon an exact copy of a letter
written by ■ one of ■ the -Twin City' butter and egg
fellows to a grower in California. We think it Is a
fair sample of the letters this class of men are
fooling your State with. Notice the prices quoted.
The object for which this letter was written is !
plain. should he be fortunate enough to deceive i
any one, which, we are sorry to say, the chances
are he would be, he will come right down on the
street here and take anything he can get for the
stuff that his dupe sends him and in this way abso
lutely destroys the market, for all other fruits.
••Is it not possible to so advertise these letters as
to make them harmless? If it cannot be done, and
enough of the orchadists continue to send their
goods on these circular.*, it Is not hard to predict
the future condition for the dried fruit business.",
FEBRUARY FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 125 !
failures in the Pacific Coast states and Territories j
for the month of February, 1896, with assets of
$466,526 and liabilities of $793,866, as compared !
with 168 for the-previous month, with assets of
$666,195 and liabilities $1,213,912, and 94 far the
corresponding mrnth of 1895 with assets $228,771 j
and liabilities $507,971. The failures for the month j
are divided among the States and Territories as !
follows:
.
•
State.
I No. | Assets. Liabilities.
California. 90 9285,226
Oregon ... 20' 118,000
Washington 1-1 51,300
Nevada
Arizona '
Alaska. 1 2,000
Totals 125 $466,526
I '
"15,660
$793,866 ,
Following are the causes assigned for the fail
ures: Incompetency, 34; inexperience. 12; inade
quate capital for the business undertaken, 26;
injudicious crediting, 9; personal extravagance.
1; neglect of business and bad habits, 1; 'un
due competition. 6: unfavorable circumstances,
floods, fires, etc., 23; fraud, 13.
PKODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Dullness still characterizes the mar
ket, though choice Wheat is firmly held. No. 1,
$1 07V 2 10 $ ell; cuolce, ?1 lli/i ■& ctl: lower
grades, $I@l 06V4; extra choice for milling, SI 15
@1 22y a .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Bbbsios — 10 o'clock — December—
100 tons, »1 08i,4; 300, $1 08%.
Kkgular Moi-.NiNo Session— Mar— 6oo tons
81 083 300, $1 08%; 100, $1 08%. December
—400, $1 08 V 2.
Afternoon Session — December — 400 tons
$1 08%; 300, $1 08%. May-100, 083 /4 . '
BAKLiEY— Feed continues to advance and there
is a brisk inquiry for choice bright. Feed, 7\>i-,(di
733/ic V ctl: choice, 75@76Vic; Brewing, 80(a>
87 -Vac
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — December — 100 tons
74 6^c: 100, 743,4; 100,75 c; 100, 75i/ 4 c.
Heuclab Morning Session— December 100
tons, 7BV»c: 200, 763^: 100, 75y c: 200, 76c
Mbv-200. 73c; 100, 7v!y 8 c; 300, 72y 4 c- loo'
<'J3/ 8 o 200, 72V"jC.
Afternoon SESSION — Decembor — 100 tons
76% c; 400, 76% c. May-100, /8 c: 100, 72y,c.'
OATS— Fair demand for local account at stcaclv
prices. Milling are quotable at 75@82y c; fancy
Feed, 82y @87i'J2C: good to choice, 75@80c; com
mon to fair. 67y2@72y 2 : Gray, 72y 2 @&oc;. bur
prise. 90c(£$l "$ ctl.
CORN— Firmly held at full figures. Large Yellow
87V 2 ®9oc; Small Round do, 97Vfec(§#l; White'
Bb@ts~7i/2C -& rtl. '
It YE— Very quiet at 76Vt@78'> / ic "$ ct.l.
BUCKWHEAT— 86@90c ctl.
FLOUR AND JIILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Xet cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, 83 76@3 85 : Bakers' extras, $3 65@3 6&;
superfine. $2 75@3 & bbl.
COKNMEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, $20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 1* ton.
SIILLSTUFFS-Pricesin 10- sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the . trade: Graham Flour,
23,4 c; Bye Flour, 3i,4c; Rice Flour, 7y a c; Corn
meal, 23 / i@3c; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal,
33/ 4 c; Oat Groats, 4y 2 c: Hominy, 4(54y 2 c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y 2 o; Farina
4y 2 c; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Boiled Oats, 4y 2 c-
Pearl Barley, 4 y c: Split Peas, 4*40; Green do'
51/4 Ct* lb. -;•:.;
HAT AND FKKDSTUFFS.
BRAN— 14 50@15 "ft ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@IB i* ton for lower grades
and *18 50@19 50 ¥> ton for the best.
FEEDSTLFFS — Rolled Barley, $16 50@17;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, *20 "f, ton ; jobbing, $21 •
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 p» ton.
Arrivals are ample and quotations are
unchanged.. Wheat, $8(&11 60 fi ton: Oat, $Brd»
9: Wheat and Oat, $8@11; Barley. $7@9: Alfalfa
$7@9; Clover, $b@B 50; Compressed, $7@lo 50;
Stock, $6@7 '■$ ton.
STRAW-35@55c $ bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Baycs are quotable at 90c@$l "ft ctl;
Small Whites, ' sl 25@1 50 ctl: Pea, $1 25®
81 60 9 ctl: Large Whites, $I@l 10 Ift ctl: i ink,
90c@$l; Reds. $1 10; lilacKeye, $1 40@l 60: Red
Kidney, nominal; Limas, $Vs 45@2 60; Butters,
$1 2B@l 50. ■
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at $1 50®
2 25 ctl; Trieste, ?2ra.2 50; Yellow Mustard.
»1 40@l 50; Max, $1 70(g)l 80; Canary, 23.4 c Tfr
lb; Alfalfa, 71/2(^91^0 %i 1b; Rape, 2y 3 c %4 lb;
Hemp, 3%c iri lb. ■
DRIED PEAS— SI 25@1 40 i* ctl for Niles and
$1 25@1 45 for Green. . •
POTATOES, ] ONIONS,: VEGETABLES.
POTA TOES— Nothing new. New Potatoes quot
able at 75c@$l •$ ctl; River Burbauks, 25@35c ii
sack; Oregon Burbanks, 55@65c «i ctl; Oregon
Garnet Chiles, 80c; Early Rose, 30@40c; Peta-
Inmfc and Tomales, 40@50c sack; llnmboldt
Bnrbauks, 5()^(35c ¥* cti. ' :: ' : .
ONIONS— The arrival 0f 847 sacks from Oregon
weakened the market to $1 60@l 76^ ctl.
VEGETABLKS— Arrivals were 714 boxes As
paragas and 154 boxes Rhubarb and 302 sacks
Peas.
Asparagus declined and Teas advanced. •
Summer Squash, 10c; Egg Plant. 121/2" $ &>: Los
Angeles Tomatoes, *i@V! 60 * box: Cucumbers,
COc@sl "ft dozen; Asparagus, $I@2 %< box for ordi
nary ana $2 # 2£(<i2 60 for extra: Rhubarb, 35@
75c; Dried Peppers, 6@Bc: Green Peppers, 20c;
Green Peas, : -'y 2 @3y 2 c « tb; String Beans, 8a
12 Vic: Horse Beans, 7Bc@sl f, sack; Dried Okra,
12y 2 c; Cabbage, 40c $4 ell; Garlic, , 6@6c $ lb;
j Marrowfat Squash, —%i ton. - , .
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— There was no pajticular change yes
terdar. : Stocks were large. - • • '
Creamery.— Fancy, 14c; seconds,' 13@13i/2C
Itt. . •"■ . ■"'.."> ■■:
Dairy— Fancy, 1214@13t; good to , choice, 12c;
lower grades, ll@liy 2 c.
Eastern — Nominal. .
'.CHEESE— Fancy mild new. 9c f( lb; common to
good, 7<§jßV2c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young
America. 9(blOc: Western, 10@llc: Eastern, 12@
14c %* lb. ■ ■.■,---•■- ,-.-•.-.:.;- ...
' EGGS — market Is easy, as more or less Ore
gon and Eastern are now offering. , Eastern Eggs,
I 13V»@14; Oregon Eggs, 13@13%c: store Eggs,
13%@i14c: ranch Eggs, 14y a @lsc; Duck Eggs, 16
@j.7c $ doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— ! was no change. Live Tur
keys. 14@16c $ lb for Gobblers, 14@16c for Hens:
I Geese, $ pair. $1 25@2: Ducks, $4@5 for old and
$7 50@S 50 for young: Hens, $4&4 60; Roosters,:
young, $7@B "$ doz: do, old, $4@4 50; Fryers. $«@
6 60; Broilers. $4@6 for large and If.'®- 50 for
small; Pigeons, Si 50@2 for young and $1 50@
1 75 for old. -
GAME— Hare. $i a i z; Rabbits, $1 '26 for Cot
tontails and $l@l as $ uoz for small.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There was another hard frost throughout pretty
much the whole .State yesterday morning, and ad
ditional damage Is reported from several sections.
ORCHARD FRUITS— $1 50@2 $ box
for good to choice, $ I@l 26 for common to fair,
and $2 25@2 50 for fancy. Six boxes of Cher
ries came in and were quoted at 50@75c for Red
and $1 s<£o2 $ box for Black. ■
GKAPJiS- It is reported that buyers are bidding
25 %4 ton for Wine Grapes in the Russian Klver
Valley, having taken alarm at the recent frosts. «
BERRIKS— Receipts of Strawberries were 228
chests, selling at $6@9 per chest for Longworths ;
and $4(a6 tor large berries. - - ' ■ ■'•.'■
.CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons continue slow. Or
anges, 60c@$ 1 50 8 box for Seedlings, $1 60@3 50 j
for .Navels. $1 75@2 75 for Malta Bloods and $1 BO i
@2 for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, 76c@$l 50 j
lor common and $3@2 50 tor good to choice: Mexi
can Limes, $5 60(gi6; California Limes, $1; Ba
nanas, $1(3,2 bunch; Pineapples are nominal. :
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
Attention is called to a circular Issued by the
Fruit Exchange elsewhere on this page.
DRIED FRUITS— The following nominal prices
rule on the Fruit Exchange:
■ Carload Lots— Apples, 1%@2%c Vlb for quar
tered, 2@3c f, lb for sliced and 4 Vie f» tt> for evap
orated; Peaches, 3%@4c 1* lb and 5y 2 @6c for
fancy; peeled in boxes. 12c: Apricots, 7 V 2 @By ? c
for prime to choice, 9y-c for fancy and 10<§>Uc $
lb for fancy MoorparK: Figs, black, 2%c for un
pressed; White Figs, 4(S*sc in sacks; Pears 7c f*
lb for evaporated halves, 4(&6y 2 lb for quarters;
Prunes, 3V4@3%c; Plums, 4c *$ lb for pitted and
iy 2 @'2VSjclorunpltted: Nectarines, 6©6 c & lb for
prime to choice and 6y 2 c for fancy.
Jobbing Prices— Evaporated Apples, 4@4y 3 c
f* lb; sun-dried, iy @2c $ lb: Peaches, 3@4c f, tb
and 5c lb far fancy; peeled in boxes, 10@12y 2 c;
Prunes, 4c for four sizes, 6c for 40®50's and 5c
for 50@60's; Apricots. 6@9y»c for prime to choice.
10@llcfor fancy Moorpark": Figs, black, 2*4@
23/ A c; White Figs, S@sc: Pears, «V 2 c for evapoi
ated halves and 514 c for quarters; Plums,
3Vs@4c for pitted ana l@iy2C for uupitted; Nec
tar, lies, 4@sc $ lb for prime to choice."
RAISIMS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85@90c $i box; four-crown, loose,
334.C %i lb; three-crown, loose, 2 Vic ~# lb; two
crown, 2c; seedless Sultanas, S*4@4c« seedless
Muscatels, 2y 2 @- 3 Ac; three-crown London layers,
75@90c; clusters, $1 35@1 50; Dehesa clusters,
$210@2 26; Imperial clusters, $2 fc'o(a»2 75; Dried
Grapes, 2y c %4 lb.
Jobbing Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
crown 2V£@2%c: 2-erown, IS4@2C. Seedless Sul
tanas, 33 4 @4c; Seedless Muscatels, '-Vie: 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, $* 40@l 60:
; Pehesa clusters, $2 25: Imperial clusters, $2.75;
Dried Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc "& tb
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c %* lb for paper-shell, job
bing lots: Almonds, 6@7y2C ¥* lb for Languedoc
and B%@locfor paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6% !
@7c for Eastern and 4y>@sy 2 c for California: Hick.- |
ory Nuts, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished-.. Filberts, B@9c: Brazil Nuts, B@9c "&
lb; Coeoanuts, $4 50(55 %» 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c$ lb for
bright and BfSl9c f, lb for lower grades: water
white extracted, 5@6y 3 c 3 lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4i,4®4».ic: dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
HEES\VaX-24@27c 3 lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c If* lb for heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c $ lb for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c "§ lb for sugar-cured: Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, liy c; California Hams. 10c *» lb;
Mess Beef. $8 bbl; extra mess do, $8 50: fam
ily do, S10: extra prime Pork. $9 bbl: extra
clear, *14~# bbl: mess, ¥13 1? bbl; Smoked Beef,
10c & lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 614 c•s lb I
for compound and 6 a c for pure; pails, 7y 2 c: Cali
fornia tierces, 6y>c lor compound and b%c for
mire: half-bbls, 7c; 10-tt> tins, 7y 2 c; do 6-lb, 8c
¥ ib.
COTTOLENE— 6%c in tierces and 7%c $ lbin
10- tb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
• quotable at 6y a @7c,^ lb; culls and brands, 5V 2 @
6c %>■ lb; medium, 5%@6c; culls and brands, 4y 3
fsc; light, 6c; cut's and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 5c
lb; culls and brands, 4c; salted Kip, 5c ps lb;
salted Calf. 8c ?! lb; salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 9
raiOc; culls and brands, 7%c: dry Kip and Veal, j
B@9c; onus. 6y 2 c: dry Calf, 16c; culls, 10c; Gout- |
skins, ,20@35c each; Kids, sc; Deerskins, good
summer,26@3oc; medium, ls@2sc: winter, 9@loc;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@lE>c each; short wool.
'_'o@3sc each: medium, 4C~@sOc each; long wools,
65c each. Culls of all kinds about i'<>c less.
TALLOW— .No. 1, rendered, 3%@f4c; No. 2, 3c;
refined. 5%@5%c; Grease. 2%c lb.
WOOL— We quote Spring Nevada, 6@9c 1* lb;
San Joaquin and Southern Coast, 6 months, 4@6c;
San Joxiiuin, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4J^:><§)6%c.
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@4c «! tb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 25; San Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24y»@
26i/ 2 c.
COAL— Wellington, ?8 ton: New Wellington,
$8 %* ton; soiithfield Wellincton, $7 50 f, ton;
Seattle. $555 50; Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallaeml, ?6 50; Scotch, !?7 50; Brymbo. *7 60:
Cumberland. $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania -Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, ■; Cannel, *8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$10 50 in bulk and $12 50 $ ton in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms not cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all tiV^c; J- >r >' Granulated, 5%c;
Confectioners' A, 534 c; Magnolia A, SVic: Extra
C, 51/gc; Golden C, 6c: half-barrels, 1 Vie more
than barrels, and boxes 2 c more.
SY it UP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap. 10c
? gal. ■
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
.Wholesale rates for ! dressed stock from the
slaughterers are as follows:
B KEF— First quality, siAc; second do, 4%@3c;
third do, Sy a @4c V lb. ■ . ■
VEAL— Large, s@6c; small, 6@7c ? Ib. .
MUTTON— Wethers, 6y a @6c; Ewes. 6@sy c
1 LAM B— Spring Lamb. 6y 2 @7c f> ft). " ; •] -
PORK— Live Hogs, 3V4© :1/ 2C "f lb for large and
3%@3ygc for small and medium: dressed do, 4y 2
@tjct4 lb. ; .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
■ . ■
FOR 24 HOURS.
Floor, or. 8k« 1.630! Butter. ctls 525
Oregon 10,528 Cheese. c:ls 11
Wheat. ctls 75,47 81 Kjfgs. doz 13,6'J0
Barley, ctli.. 15,690 Hides, n0.......... 317
Oats, ctls 74511'elti, bdls.... 388
Oregon - 85 Wool, bi5..... 805
Beans, sk«. 2,224 Wine. gals. 91,610
Corn, ct15..... 1,915 Brandy, gals. 4,695
Potatoes, siw BU6 Lime, bbls "81
Oregon 7,267 Tallow, ctls 16
Onion*. Or, akt.... 847 Quicksilver, fUslu 222
Hay, tons. 673 Chicory, bbls 15
Straw, tons 27 Paper, reams 1.000
Bran, »ks. '..„ 600 Leather. rolis...... 13 1
Middlings, 5k5..... Hops, bis 65
THE STOOK MAEKET.
Stocks opened strong and high, with Occidental
at $1 50, Con. Cal. A Va. at $1 75, Ophir at
$1 25, Hale & Xorcross at $1 35, and soon. But
these prices did not hold. Occidental weakened
and fell back to $1 25 on the afternoon call, with
large sales; Con. Cat. & Va. declined to $1 65,
Ophir to $1 15. Hale<fc Norcross to ?1 15 and the
lesser-priced stocks in proportion.
On the Bond Exchange Kdisou Light advanced
to $1 15 and San Kranoisco Gas to SS9.
The stock of the Eastern Dynamite Company
(20,000 shares) nas been listed at, the Stock and
Bond Kxchange.
Additional weekly reports from the. Comstock
nrt> ns follows: llaie <fc Norcross, 975 level— o.
'I upnilst — Have been working north and south on
the tenth and eleventh floors. The ore streak,
although narrow, is of very high grade. No. 3 up
raise—Have been working north on third and
fourth floors. The ore streak continues at these
points and is of fair grade. No. 4 upraise— Are
working north and south on the second and third
floors. The ore streak is of good quality and
shows at each end and roof of raise. We are re
palrinc shaft station and making other necessary
repairs on this level.
1100 level— An repairing the station on this
level preparatory to cleaning out and repairing
main north drift leading from same. Of the ac
cumulation on hand in the ore bins on .March 15,
1896— estimated at 216 tons— have shipped to the
Dazet mill, silver > Ity, leastd by the company,
113 tons and 1300 pounds of ore, assaying, per
wagon load, gold $26 11, silver 32 81-100 ounces
per ton. The mill commenced crush. ug our ore ou
the l&th Inst. Uave extracted from our openings
on the 975 level during the week 24 cars of ore as
saying, pt-r mine car sample, gold $19 03, silver 25
15-K 0 ounces pt-r ton.
BBUHBWICX Lode— Shaft 1 has been sunk 12
feet on the incline, passing through porphyry, clay
and quartz: total depth 402 feet. 200 level— The
nor; h drift, « hich was started from the station,
has been advanced 2 feet, passing through por-
Phyry, clay and quartz showing some value; total
length 141 feet. It Jias been discontinued.
Work has been resumed in west crosscut 4,
which was run from the south drift 168 feet from
the incline, and it has been extended 14 feet; total
length 32 feet; face in porphyry and quartz. Shaft
2— The south drift started al a point in west cross
cut 1 45 feet from the south drift was extended
20 feel, paisltig through porphyry and quartz
showing some value; total length 26 feet. Gould
<ft Curry Company's tunnel— The nuiin north drift
has b-en <-xtended 10 feet: totul U-ns h 692 feet;
face 111 soft porphyry, el«y and quariz.
accidental— Edwards shaft— The west crosscut
from the bottom of the shaft, 110 feet down, has
been extended 22 feet, total 65 feet, continuing
in vein matter giving low assays in gold. 660
level— The southeast drift from northwest crosscut
has been extended 16 feet; total length 187 feet.
The face of the drift Is in ore assaying f27 in gold.
750 level— The west crosscut from north drift on
this level has been extended 43 feet; total length
371 feet; formation shelly porphyry.
In the Opair mine on the 1000 level west cross
cut 1 from the south drift. 70 feet north of the
south boundary, is In 142 feet, in porphyry carry
ing seams of clay. | The west' crosscut on the same
level. 480 feat north of the shaft station, is In 240
f-et, In softer porphyry carrying clay seams and
■line lines of quartz. In the: Central tunnel work
| ,injs of; the Ophir they saved from the openings
1 northwest of the old Mexican shaft and above the
: tunnel level during the week 12 tons of ore assay
ing $48 66 per ton. In the Union Consolidated
mine the north drift from the uoralse from the
join:, west drift from the shaft, 115 feet -<i:ove the
: sill floor of the 900 level and 1620 feet west from
I the shaft, has been extended' during the week 22
j feet:,- total length 177 feet; face in quartz and por
: phyry. 'The east crosscut- No. 5, started from the
Sierra ■ Nevada north lateral drift 946 , north
from the joint west drift from the shaft, has been
extended 17 feet; total length 79 feet; face in
porphyry and quartz, with a strong I flow of water.
1 AliA.-We have extracted and delivered at the
• mill twelve carloads of ore from the east vein, of
the average value of $23 80 per ton.
Andes.— 42o level— We have completed the
work of putting in pipe from the upraise, to convey
the water from the workings south of the upraise.
From the south drift of the upraise we have made
1 an upraise connecting with a drift on the 350 level
I and obtained a good circulation of air. . .
■-. The Gold Mines' company of Colorado has de
clared a dividend of iy percent, payable on the
80th.. •" . -, ; . . . . .
" The.Hutchinson Plantation Company paid a
j dividend of 16c per share yesterday.
■ Ihe Homestake mine of South Dakota will pay
j a dividend of 26c per share on the 25th.*
• The Horn silver, mine of Utah passed its divi
dend for the quarter ending March 31.
The Lady i.mma Mining Company of El Dorado
County has levied an assessment of 20c per share,
delinquent May 25. >
W. E. Sharon, superintendent of the Yellow
Jacket, Challenge Con.. Con. Imperial, Confidence
and Belcher mines, has arrived here from Virginia
City. f.
■ Fireman's Fund Insurance will pay a dividend
of $3 for the quarter on the 22d.
BOARD SALES.
following were the &ale* ia'tho Han Fntncisoa
Btocc Board yesterday:
RKOniAB MORN INO SESSION COMMENCINa 9:30.
300 Alta 09 200 Bullion... 15 550 Occld. ..1.50
200 Andes... 29100 Challge. ..25 1.45
31HJ 8e1cher... 45 800 Chollar . ..44 100 0vrmn....10
300 46 850 CC<tV.. 1.761200 Potoat 28
200 44110 1.70500 25
350 B & 8....63 50 C Point.. .344oo Savage 80
50 Boaie 49 500 G it C 20 200 5eg8e1...16
50 .46 850 H&N.... 1.35200 14
450 8u1wer... 45 300 Mexican.. 3B 3oo Uni0n. ...65
100.... 43 60 37|100 V Jackt.,.34
450.... 42 300 0phir.. .1.261
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2 :30.
100 Alpha 09,400 80die...... 50200 N G & CIO
200 Alta 09 200 dialing... 23 1400 Occidtll.2s
100 Ancles.... 26 600 CC&V...1.66 400 Potosi 23
400 B A 8... .50 500 Crwn 1»t...«l 100 8 Nev.....60
450 8u1wer.. .43:300 H&N .1.151300 Union 60
850 42|100 Mexican. .34 2oo V Jackt...32
! Following were tn« sales in the Pacific 3tooic
Board yesterday: • • -•„.-'
HKom.AK session— lo:3ul
600 A1pha.... .09 200 C Imp 01600 Ophir 1.22y
300 Alta 09 200 „. 1200 I.JMJ
400 08 500 Crwn Pt...34|300 1.17
450 Andes 29 300 ..32 400 0vrmn....10
200 8e1cher... 43 200 Exchqr...o4 1000 P0t0ai...28
700 ...44 600 0 <& C 26 900 27
600 B&B 52 1200 25J500 26
400 63300 ....24 900 26
900 65 800 H&N... 1.30 1000 24
*00 61300 1.27% l 1400 Savage..
200 Bodie 49:500 1.26 500 28
800 51400 1.20 Bcorplon..o4
600 52-^OO 1.17V 600 58& M....14
200 Bullion.. 15 400 Julia.. 04 700 3 Nev 64
700 14 600 Kentck. .04 900 62
650 8u1wer....42 300 Mexican.,3 4 500 ...;„ 61
300 431400 38700 «0
500 Caleda 05 200 37 1 ' 2 5005il Hi 11.. ..02
300 Cha11n«...25 ....3»;2<K) Union C...55
1100 Ch011ar.. 44 400 .35900 54
300 48 1800 0ccid.. 1.45300 53
200 .........;..42 600 1.42Vfe'600 52
500 41 300 1.40 300 51
260CCV..1.72i/ 400 IS/ s 4OO Utah 05
5i700 1.70 3700. 1.35 400 V Jacket..
200 Coufl 74300 .1.30,1000 33
AFTERNOON BKSSION— 2 :30.
200 Alpha 09 400 CC*VI.67»4 100 Occd. ...1.30
100 Andes 27 1400 1.65 350 HA
200 :..... ...... 26100 Coufi 73 60 .......1.22i. a
600 Belcher....! 1 400 C P01nt....i51|300 1.20
I 100 B & B 50 1800 G & C....23 Potosi. .22
400 491600 H*N ...1.20|300 Savage. .-27
! 400 48400.. 1.17y Scorpion..o4
1200 80die. ... 50*800 Justice. ...05300 58&51...13
400 Bullion 13300 Kentuck..O4 400 S Nev 59
800 8u1wer.... 42 1800 Mexicans 1400 Union. .50
400 Caled 06 100 Mono 18200 49
200 Challnite..24 850Ophlrl.l7y2S00 Utah.. ....04
200 Chollar... 0vrmn... .091600 V Jackal.. 32
1200 3HI I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. '
MONDAY, April 20 - 4 P. M.
Sid. A Ik m. Bid.A»k«ii-
Alpha C0n..... 08 . 10 Jackson 40 -
Alt* 08 10 Julia. 05 06
Andes 26 '27' Justice ........ 05 07
Belcher 42 43 BentucK. ...... — 04
| Best <fc Belcnee. 48 50 Latty Wash.... — 06
; Bodie 48 50 Mexican 33 34
i Bullion .^..^ 13 14iMono .„ 13 ;:; —
Bnlwer _ 40 42 NevadaUaeea. — 05
Caledonia ...„ 03 06 Occidental 1.20 1.26
Challenge Con. 22 24 Opbir 1.15 1.20
Choiisr 38 39 Overman ....^ 09 10
Coo. Cat. A 1.65 1.70 Potos\... I 22 24
Coo. Imperial.. 01 02Jbavrjre 26 27
Confidence:.. „ — 75 1 beg. Belcher.;. 13 14
Con. New Yort — 0-liHerra Nevada. 59 60
Crown Point... 30 32 Scorpion 02 —
ERStSierraNe* — 04 Silver Hi 11..... 01 02
Exchequer. 03 '04 Syndicate...... 02 03
Eureka C0n,... — 25! Union C0a..... 48 50
Gould Curry. 22 23 I' tab 04 05
Utloi-N orcn. 1. 15 1.20) Yellow jacket. 31 33
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
200 Amalle 170 Lockwood Con.
100 ...:... 165 600 30
Champion '300 8]
Bid 16 00700 32
1100 Grant 25 500 33
1400 :.. 26200 .......*.. 34
Kennedy ' I Providence
Bid : 12 00 Asked 85 00
Asked .13 00 1000 Savannah I 43
- Keystone. ...... ■ 500 .■ . 44
Bid... '....65 00200 45
200 Lockwood Con.. 29,100 Thorpe 75
LOCAL SECURITIES. . - . '
Bid 50 Oceanic Steamship.... 24 00
Bid 60 Hawaiian Commercial 19 00
Bid 2 Humboldt Bauk 1100 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, April 20-2 P. M.
'-' rNITKI) BTATK3 BOXDS. 5 •
Bid. Asked. V : • Bid. AsK»d.
V 8 coup. .lo*% - ÜB4sreg... — 109
Do. newls.. 1171/21181.2
. ... ... JJISCKI.HNKOtTS ROVnV ■
Cal-«tCbless.lll%llS iDo. Is* (is. — — "
CalElecL6s.Ho — P&ORy 63.105 120
CntraCWSs. 93% 94 P<tChßv6i. — 1071/2
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st. — 116 V 2
EasnL&P 6s. 1121/2 — Reno. WL&L " — 105
FACHRR6S.' - 105% Kiver W Cods — 100
«earv-stßss. 100% — 1.-nctoP & L.. 100 102 V*
U)sAnzL6a. - 103 '6F&NPKBSsIO2 103
Do,Gnted.6i. — 10 SPRRArizSi 94 95
Mkt-stCble6sl23 - £ I'll X Cal 65.. 108^111'
DoKvConSs.. — 1063,4 SPVlßCalas.. — —
NevCNgß7s. 95 - Bi'BrKCal6i 973/ i J)By
NPCRRSs.IO6 — 'SV Waters*.. — 120
Ky Cal 100 105 bVWater4s._ 100 —
NRyCatss. — — IstktoGi&Etfj — 101
Oak Has 55.. 100 10 ; : - SunstT«tT6i 100 —
Do, 2d IS3 6s.iO;i — Sutter-stßsj.llO —
Omnibus 63.. 119 - VisaiiaVVCdi — «J
PacßollM6*. — —
.-'. ' . / WATF.R STOCK*.'
Contra Costa 85 39 Ban Jose 75 100
MarinCa... 49 — | Spring Valley 1003/ a IOOy a
' ' - STOCKS. -
Capital — 39 %' Pad flc Light 44 45
Central .06 — San irancsco 89 89%
OalcOL&H. 6V2Va - Stockton,.... — aiy,
I'McGaaluip. 83V2 «*4 |
.■'. INSURaNCK UTOOK*.
FiremansFd.l74 — |Sun .......... 40 —
' COXUKKCrAI. BANK STOCK?.
Amerß&TC. — — |LondonP&A.l2B —
Anglo-Cal... 61 59 London&SF. — 27y-i
Bank of Ca1.. 37 338 Merch Ex-.. la —
CaIBD&TCo.. 53 57 Nevada....... — ' —
FintNationLl7B 18a y 2 fcathw BCo- — —
Grangers.... — — |
" .** •'; :■ HAVINGS BANK STOCK*. ■
GerS*LCo..l4oo — £av&Loan.. — 101
HumbS&L.llOO 1450 Security... .» — 260
Mutual.' $7y 3 40 Union Truss. 756 810 "
bt savUnion — 486 -
■'••.'• STR '■ ''T RAILROAD STOCK*.
Callforntß....lt93 / 4iioy«OaS,SLiHa7 — 100
Ueary-5t..... 60 7 l :i/ 3 Presidio...-. 7 9
Market-5t.... 44 46 |Sutter-at-.... — —
■ ■■ ■■ .... rOV«' BTOCK*.
Atlantic D... 16 — I Judson.l.. — —
East. rnD... — 90 Giant. 20 21
California.... — 98 'VlgoriL 600 95c
■ . ' ' MISCKLLANFOtJH STf>"KX.
Alaska Fkrs. 93 — OceantcS^CO 26 26t/x
BlkDCoalOa — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 _
CalCotMUls.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — — PacI&NCo. — 80
EdtsonLlsUfclls • 115% iPac Roll MUM 27y a 38
GasConAsjn. —■•• — ParfPaintCo. 6y« 714
]>>a.| Co. 85 - ;PacTransO* —24
HawCASCo« 193,4 20 !I'wT4Too — 6 7y»
HntchSPCo.. 208/s 203/4 SunsetTAT.. 41 —
JodsonMfgC - ' — United — 26
MerExAssnlOU 110 !
. " .' iinttNivn kkssiov.
Board— 3o Edison Light & Power Co, 115; 10
Oceanic S S Co, 26; 6 do,26y*; $2000 Omnibus
Cable Bonds, 119; 30 8 V Water, 1003/ SBOOO 8
V 4% Bonds, 100y 4 ; $1000 3 P & N. P Railway
Bonds, 10-2. ..
Street-165 Oakland Gas, 53: $3000 SF & N P
Kailway Bonds, 102. ■...-.• • • ' •
." ' ■ ' ' AKTIBSOOS BKSSIOS. 1
Board— l4s Edison Light & Power Co, 115: 6
Giant Powder Con, 20; 100 Hawaiian Commercial,
19"/ 8 : 140 S FGasllKht, 89: ;<0 s V Water, 1003
*5000 s F & N P Railway Bonds, 102
Street— l 6 Pacific Gas Imp, 83" .
■■-'.l-y;,--::-— — — • •  ' '
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April, 1896.
\v.
I Sa.
2
f^\Laat
'«
9
11
16
17
/^s First Qua:
\JJ April
19
20
L 3«
27
OCiiAJS • SIKAJUEKS.
roni San
STK.AMKR.
I) 4TTXATXOJI I
sa i w.
BS, Paul......
*.ra«o ......
Weeott
State of Cai
Corona
Homer
Pomona.....
Faralion
Walla Walla
Knrelca .....
Gaelic
Empire. .'....
Santa Kosa.. |
AURlralta... . ■
Columbia... !
San Jose.... ;
I Newport Apr 21. 9amj
Coos I'.av Apr IT.'. 10am !
Eel Kiver I Apr 22. 9am
Portland... Apr '.'3. 10am
j Biesro I Apr 11am ,
Coos Bay Apr -3. Apm
HnmbolrUBay Apr 23; i.'pu
% aaulna Bar.. Apr 24, 9am!
Vic & I'm Snd ! Apr 24. 9am I
Newport Apr25, Sam |
China & Japan Apr '25, 3pm:
Portland. | Apr '26. 6pm
I San Dleeo ; Apr27.IlAM
I Honolulu I Apr 28.10am
: Portland Apr28,10AM
; Panama....... I Apr 28,12 M
i Pier 11
! Pier 13
' Pier 13
Pier A I
I Pier 11
I Oceanic
j Pier 9
I Pier 3
I Pier 9 "
i Pier 11
!PM S S
; Pier 3 3
; Pier 11
Oceanic
! Pier 24
[p as
STKAMEKa XO AKKIVii.
Steamer |
From
uuruua...... ....
Yaquina
Tnickee ..;....
rumoua,
Homer
National City...
EureKa... .......
San Benito
Farallon ........
Australia...:....
San Jose
City of Peking. .
North fore...
Santa Kosa.
I mat ilia
Queen
Empire
City of Everett
sunol;
SantJuan
Costa Rica.....:
Progressist
Orizaba...
Del Norte
Arac0. ..........
Crescent City...
StPanl
nan uiego. .........
Seattle...
TiUamoolr......
Uumboid; Bay
Coos .uav
I Humboldt
Newport v ..
Tac0ma.. ................ |
Ynnuina ±say
Honolulu ........ .......
I Panama.
China <R japan
Humboldtßay
Han Uieco..
Victoria & fueet Souna
I Portland
| Portland
Nanaimo
Grays Harbor
\ Panama..' ,
! Departure 8ay....
| Departure Bay
I Mexico
Grays Haroor
Cooa Bay
| Crescent City.
Newport.
..Apr 21
..Apr 21
..Apr 22
..Apr 22
..Apr 22
..Apr 22
.Apr 23
..Apr 23
..Apr 23
..Apr 23
..Apr 24
..Apr 24
..Apr 25
..Apr 25
..Apr 25
..Apr 25
..Apr 25
..Apr 25
..Apr 26
..Apr 2B
..Apr 26
..Apr 26
..Apr 27
..ADr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
BUS, MOON AND TIDE.
U. 8. Coast and Geodetic StravKY Tide")
Buixktin PUBLISHED BY OFFICIAL >-
AriHORITY OF THK SDPKBINTEXDEJTT. )
. Tuesday, April 21. '
Sun rises.... 5.24 1 Moon rises
Bun sets 6.63 Moon sets 1.49 am
April— lß96.
>
Time
H W
Time
L W
Time
jH W
jTlme
|L W
21 5.34 5.0; 12.U7,-0.4
L W j Feet i H W Feet
22 1.09 ! 2.7! 7.02. 6.0
28 2.12! 2.0 i 8.19 5.1
24 3.01 1.3 9.18 6.0
25 ! 3.46 0.7J10.18 4.9
I 7.641 3.8 I
llj W Feel. II W
1.25—0.3: 8.26
2.21 1— 0.1 ».00i
3.12 o.l ' 9.31
8.651 0.4 10.07!
4.
.8]
' 4.!
! 5.
Note— ln the aDove exposition of the tides th«
•arly morning tides are given in the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
Order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column frives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on th« United States Coast Survey
Charts, except when a minus sign (— ) preoedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractlve
from the depth elven by ihe charts
HYDKOGKAPHIC BULLETIN.
' Bbanck Hydroobaphic Office, U. a. N. •»
■ 1 Merchants' Exchanor. V •
. . San Francisco. April 20. 189*. )
The time ball 011 Telegraph Bill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— c., at noon of the 120tn
meridian, or exactly at »p. m.. Greenwich time. .
.. A. F. Fechteleb,
V-?i{ - Lieutenant U. S. X.. iv charge.
SHIPPINU INTEJLL.IIiIiNC.fc:.
Arrlvert.
• ■ , MONDAY, April 20.
• Haw stmr Zealandia, Clark, 28 days from Pan
ama and way ports: pass and mdse. toPM SS Co.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney. IBV2 hours from Eel
- River; pass and mdse, to Russ, Sanders & Co.
• Stmr Arago. Reed. 3S hours from Coos Bay ; pass
and mas**. 10 Oregon Coal and Nay Co.
Stmr . Walla Walla, .Wallace, 60 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall, Perkins <& Co.
Stmr Alcatraz, Fneerlund, 50 hours from San
Pedro: ballast, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Qeo Loomis, Briagett, 38 hours from Ven
tura: 6280 bbls oil, to San Francisco Gaslight Co.
Schr Nettie Low. - Low. 6 hours from Point
Reyes: 60 bxs butter, to J HNewbaueriCo; HO
cans milk, to Point Reyes Creamery Co.
■ Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bodega;
100 bxs butter, to Ross & Hewlett.
Schr Moro, Jorgenson, 24 hours from West
port, 1700 r r ties, to Union Lumber Co; 1100 rr
ties, to J S Kirn hail.
Schr Ralph J Long, Jansen, 20 hours from Rus
sian Lauding; 50 cds wood, 10,000 posts, to A W
Beadle.
. . Returned.
MONDAY, April 20.
Schr Prosper, Holm, hence Apr 6 for Cooks In
- let. Returned on account of springing a leak.
Cleared.
MONDAY, April 20.
Stmr St Paul, Leland, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, Portland; N PS
Co. . .'.
Stmr Royal, Williams, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Assn.
Br ship Fannie Kerr, Gibbons, Queenstown: Ep
pinger <fcCo.
Schr Premier, Wagner, Ugashlk: Alaska Imp
Co.
Sailed.
1 MONDAY, April 20
Mmr Albion, Lundquist, Cooks Inlet.
Stmr Tillamook, Hansen.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Stmr Alice Blancbard. Dunham, Portland.
Ship Kdward O'Brien, Oliver, New York.
• Schr Etta B, Madsen, Fort Koss.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowena Landing.
le.ecr«»F»tii3. j
POINT LOBOS. ADril 20-10 p. — Weather
hazy: wind W; velocity 8 miles. ',
Ch»r'e-».'
The schr Mary Dodge loads mdse for Kahulul;
Chil ship Antoinette, lumber at Victoria for Val
paraiso on owners' account.
'■ The Br ship The Hahnemann Is chartered for
wheat to Europe, new crop loading, 27s 6d— ls 3d
less direct. ...= -.;'*-
Spoken.
Apr 3— Lat 15 X, long 26 W, Br ship Glendoon,
from Swansea, for San Francisco. ; ; v'
Miscellaneous.
LONDON. Apr 18— ship Carnarvonshire pre
viously reported ashore was bought in by her
owners. Cargo sold.
Domestic Ports.
NEWPORT— Arrived Apr 20— Schr Wm Renton
from Seattle.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Apr 19— Stmr Protec
tion, hence Apr 18.
TATOOSn— Passed Apr 19— Stmr City of Ever
ett, hence Apr 16, for Nanaimo; stmrMlneola, fm
Port Los Angeles for.Comox.
ASTORlA— Arrived Apr 20— 9tmr Empire, hnc
Apr 13, via Kureka and Coos Bay; stmr Queen,
hence Apr 18.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Apr2o— Stmr Whites
boro, from Little River.
REDONDO— Arrived Apr 19— Schr La Glroride,
from Grays Harbor.
SAN PEDRO— Apr 19— Bktn Monitor,
from Eureka.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Apr 20— Stmr Whites
boro, from Point Arena.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr 20— Stmr Arcata, hence
Apr 18; stmr Pomona, hence Apr 19; stmr North
Fork, hence Apr 19.
Sailed Apr 20-simr Farallon, for Yaqulna Bay
NEW WHATCOM-Smlled Apr 20-Schr Lena
Sweasey, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Apr 20— Schr Emma Clau
dlna, from '1 aroma.
MONTEREY— SaiIed Apr 20-Stmr Xavarro
for Port Harford.
CASPAR— Apr 20-Stmr Caspar, for San
Francisco. - v -.?'
Eastern Port*.
NEW YORK— Sailed Apr 20-Stnir Alllanca, for
Colon.
Foreign Ports.
HONGKONG— Arrived Apr 17— Br stmr Belgic.
hence Mar 21.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Apr 18— Br stmr Doric, for
San Francisco.
VLADIVOSTOCK— Arrived Apr 15— BKtn Che
halts, hence Feb 24. - -
FALMOUTH-ArrivedApr 18- Br bark East
African, hence Dec 24.
HULL— Arrived Apr 17— ship Alice A Leigh,
from Tacoma: Br ship Drumblalr, from Oregon
VANCOUVER-Sailed Apr 18— Br bark Glen
bank, for Buenos Ayres.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 1 20-Stmr Thin;-'
valla, from Copenhagen ; stmr Mobile, from Lon
don. ■ • :
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Apr 20-Stmr Alter
en route from Bremen, for New York.
. GLASGOW— Arrived out Apr 20— Stmr Furnes
sla. • • ,
COPENHAGEN— Arrived j out Apr 20— Stmr
Venetia.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Apr 28— Stmr Southwark,
for New York.
SClLLY— Passed Apr 20— Stmr H H Meier, frm
Bremen, for New York.
GIBRALTAR- Arrived oat Apr 20-Stmr Kai
ser Wilhelm, and proceeded to Naples.
Passed Apr 19— Stmr Braunschweig, from
Naples, for New York. :
. importation*.
TORT KEN YON— Per Weeott-10 kegs 192 bxs
butter, 2 kegs lard. 1 coop fowls, 101) sks oats, 156
sks potatoes. 2 bbls fish, 44 dressed calves, 7 pkgs
mdse, 4 cs fruit, 1 cs seed, 2 bdls hides, 1 cs oil.
9 COOS BAY— Per Arago— tons coal, 4 wagon
wheels, 8 bxs butter, 9 cs cheese, 1 cs glassware, 2
pkes express, 749 sks potatoes. 23 M ft lumber, 1
bx 2 bales woolen goods, 1 spar, 7 pkgs mdse, 2 cs
blankets. 6 sks coin. ■ . . ■ •
C P S 8 CO via V ANCOUVER-Per Walla Walla
—2 pkgs tea, 9623 mats rice.
■ Sitka— 9 bales ores. ' ,
Douglass Island— lo bath tubs.
Juneau— '£ cs dry goods.
Wrangle— 3 bales deerskins. '.
Kltchlkan — 1 bx ore. .
H Victoria— l bbl brandy, 1 sk coin, 1 saw, 1 lot
household furniture, 3 pegs express.
Seattle— via G N Ky— 7so hf-sks flour.
Port Townsend— l sk almonds, 1 1 Dkg express, 1
coin. ' -
Seattle— 6s bxs fish, 1 lot fish, Ibx clothing, 26
bdls hides, 2 bbls metal. 16 bales rope. 1 bdl rope,
987 tons coal, 1 soda fountain. 1 bx fittings, 111
bxs crackers, 5 bxs typewriters.- 10 cs mdse, 62
pkgs rubber, 138 sks bones, 1 coll wire, 1 cs .wine,
2 ca china, 1 pkg hooks, 1 bx hardware, 2 ska coin.
4 pkgs express, 11 bxs silver plate. 1 bx pictures,
235 bars iron, 2 cs books, 236 green bides, 1 bx
fruit.
Tacoma west of Fargo-3 bxs type, I cs dry
eoods, 1 cs mdse, 1 bx S meat, 313 bdls hoops, K92
Sits ore, 596 cm concentrates, 161 sks wheat, 762
sks Haxseed. 3783 sks flour.
Everett— l cs boots and shoes, 7 cs paper, 122
bdls paper.- .
New \Vhatcom— l bx hardware, 1 bx tobacco, 6
springs, 1 bx findings. 2 cs mdse, 1 sic coin.
Vancouver— 29 cs flannels, 1 bdl dry goods, 33 eg
I dry goods, 18 cs hosiery, 8 cs knit underwear, 51
ca calicos, 195 cs smoking tobacco. 21 cs cigarettes,
i 33 cs mdse. 2 cs men's clothing, 2 cs domino
checks, 2 cs names, 10 cs blankets, 1 bdl blankets.
1 cs toys, 7 03. buckles. 1 cs hardware. 1 cs toilet
paper, 2cs wrapping paper, ] cs ginghams cs but-
I tons, 1 cs sheeting, a cs stationery, 3 cs mocassins,
' 13 cs bedding. 1 c* pipe connections, 3 cs fancy
! goods, I cs roll paper. 1 cs paper bags. 3cs fancy
■ poods, 23 cs boots and shoes. 10 cs bacon, 2 cs
aluminum goods, 60 cs clothing. 3 cs leather, 1
car stoves, etc, 10 cs rugs, 21 bales rugs.
Consignee*.
Per Arago— Hllmer. BredhoS <& Schulz; Pacific
Transfer Co; Ross & Hewlett ; Thomas Loughran;
Marshall, Teggart & Co; Standard Oil Co; Golden
Gate lumber Co; HDutard; 'Wells, Fargo <t Co:
j Bandon Woolen-mills; Murphy, Grant & Co; PM
| Prebble: linmel * Co: J V Honhington.
Per Weeott— Buss, Sanders & Co; Oscar Fobs: O
i de Lucca; OB Smith & Co: Norton. Teller <ft Co;
■ FBHaight: Dairymen's Union; Wltzel & Baker;
Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Brigham, Hoppe <ft Co; Cox
Seed and Plant Co: Wheaton, Breon & Co: Sulli
■ van,. Kelly & Co; Ross <fc Hewlett; Standard Oil Co:
M Kalish&Co: Wolf & Son: W B Sumner & Co;
; J F Lapp: ±1 Schweitzer & Co; Schrader Bros;
I Enterprise Brewery.
Per Walla Walla— n A R Roberts: various
I Chinese merchants: San Francisco Chum Works;
W W Montague A Co : Mandel Ptirch & Winnie:
Sawyer Tanning Co; T BPhefy: EG Lyons: W W
Spaulding; II Crane; Wells, Fargo & Co: H W Hi';
gins; Royal Milling Co; A <» strain; V E Halehan;
! H H Ho^an; American Union Fish Co: A J Prager
<fe Son; Blast Co; C X Whitney <fc Co: Cali
fornia Coal Co": BJ Galley; Eclipse Cracker Co;
Forbes Bros; G Camlllonl & Co: J W Bridge: M D
I Crociier; L Saroni & Co; Langloy A Michaels; If .1
I Brandenstem <fe Co: Levi^ Strauss <£ Co; Pacific
I Fertilizing Co: Milanl * Co: Aroer Press Assn: W
I Wllhelm: Miller, Sloss & Scott: River Express
Co: Rudet A Co: Bare Bros; The Judson Mfg Co:
Wm Doxiey; W B Humner Co: J M Saffeil; R H
Young: H Moan; Oregon Imp Co: A R Kxley; J L
Hough: C V Marnedel: J B Matian; Blumenthal A
Co: L I) Johnson: California Barrel Co; Kittle A
Co: Selby smelting and Lead Co; American Bis
cuit Co; C J Leist A Co; G W Howard; A L Bryan
Shoe Co: J P Thomas; J Everdlng A Co: Stauffer
A Co; W C Richardson: s^tuf:it.r; p Hlrchfeld:
Holbrook, Merrill A Stetson ; Tillmann A Bendel :
American Tobacco Co: liolllver A Bro; F N Mar
den A Co; W Sohelm A Co: L D Stone A Co: SW
Uibbs & Co: Alaska Commercial Co; II Rosenstein
A Co: McQuesten<£ Co; Harper A Co; J A Mo-
Glllfs: order
: OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.'
! PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, 8.C., and
PUGET SOUND.
Flx-ait Class &0.00
Second C1a58....6500
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
General Agents.
O. R..^dB3 IST.
ASTORIA ANIPOBTLANtt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia 5ai15...... April 18 and 23
Suite of California sails April 23 and May
v From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
6OODALL, PERKINS «fc CO, Genl. sapts.
F. V. COX.NOR, General Agent,
;. ; 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAII
CTKAMKB9 WILL SAIL PROM J^fA^
O Broadway wharf, Kan .Francisco, aa .CSS3S
follows: "
or Mary Island, LortnK. WrangeU Jnneau, Kil-
Jisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at, a a. U., April 14
29, May 14. 29.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
! Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. H
April 4. 9. 14. 19, 24. 29. and every fifth
• day tnereafeer, connecting at Vancocver with
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. X,
at Seattle with G. N. By., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., April 3, 7, 11
16. 19, 2:-?. 27. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco*
Port Harfprd (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. April
1. 6. 9. 13, 17, 21, 25, 29 and every fourth daj
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping: only at Port Harfori
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. *.. April S. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Pan Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. m., April 5.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgomery
itreeu
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
'- ■ - ' ■ 10 Market at. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, L^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, 'l by .
AUSTRALIA. \JS.S. AUSTRALIA.
B. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tuaa.
April 28, at 10 a. m. Special party rates. - '
S. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, April 30,
at 2p. m. ■ . - .
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN
8. Afr. J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.,
114 Montgomery sb
Freight Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
COMPA6SIE GENERAL TRMSATLAXTIQCE
French Line to Havre.
/-COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH j&*e%
V' River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by
this line avoid both transit oy English railway
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
tirst-oias* ?i 60: spcond-class. "SUB.
LA BOURGOQNE, Capt. Leboeaf. „ .
April -J5, 9a.sc
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. Deloncle
• May 2, 4 a. K.
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. Baudelon
May 9, 8:00 a. X
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rope
.....;.. Mat- 16, 4 a.*
43" For further particulars apply to
' ■ A. FORGET. Agent,
, -^ 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
g^rvK nAMBBRG-AMERICAJ LWE
g*s!j£§!gg» TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
•^^^SB^KsEf- Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, Paris <& Hamburg.
A. Victoria.'. April 38 I Normannla May 14
Columbia. May 7 | A. Victoria. May 21
L Cabin, $75 and upward; 11. Cabin, $45 and $50.
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 412 h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6% h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE, 37 Broadway, N. V., or to Local Agents.
WHITE ISTAR USE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
* " BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
, ;.y SAILING EVKKV WKJEK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- >»-a_
\J lr»K to steamer and accommodations mtlßt
selected; second cabin, $35 and *40; Majestic and
i Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from . England, Ire-
, [ laud, Scotland. Sweden, Norway and Denmark
I through to san Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
Bailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street.
under Grand Hotel. <_;. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent for Pacific Coast. .
ROYAL MAIL STEAMJACRET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALIi JTtgm
fortnightly for the West Indies and <£$£&&
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgti,
' Trance, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and trea»
i or» to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: thirl
CUM, «07 *0. For further particulars apply to
. VAB.KOTT & CO., Agents.
-•■■■: : . ■■- ' 306 California ah
VALLEJO, MARE ISLAND, *BE!iICIA, PORT
COSTA AW CROCKETT.
STK. ■ MOXTICKLLO, •
D and- :tz\ bsssws r^srs^,*
•4r.H.only: Sunday— 8 p m - • r " '
•4 p. M. only. " M -
L»Dding, Mission 1, Pier a. ■'■'
STOCKTOS steamers
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington 9%
At 5 P. 31, Daily, Except Sunday.
93" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
ST£AM£K :
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, city of Stockton
I Tel?j?h,one -Main 80&, Cot, Via, * a Imat, C«.WILL WORK FOR
THE GOOD OF ALL
Men Who Will Constitute
the Revived Board of
Trade.
ITS NEED SET FORTH.
Great Interest Shown in the
Annual Election to Be Held
Tc-Night.
TO EMBRACE ALL THE COUNTY.
Nearly Every Merchant in the City
Has S-gned the New List of
Membership.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, April 20. j
To-morrow night the Oakland Board of
Trade will be reorganized, and much in
terest is being shown in the matter by
merchants in all sections of the city.
The Board of Trade has been in existence
several years, but interest in it waned, and
6ince the Merchants' Ei:hange has be
come bo active it has been decided to put
new life into the board.
The annual election will be held to-mor
row nignt, and in view of this event the
following has been circulated by J. P.
Taylor, C. L. Smith and H. C. Capwell:
With a desire to increase the membership
of the Board of Trade prior to the annual elec
tion of the directors and officers in April you
are requested to affix your signature to the list,
membership to begin April l, affording an op
portunity of participating in the election.
Annual dues are $6, payable every quarter.
The need of every city of importance sus
taining a Board of Trade is recognized by ail
business men In the community.
There are constantly arising questions of
vital importance to our locality— also State
and Nation— which should be acted upon in
a way to promote our welfare.
Such questions as harbor improvements,
water-front development, fostering and exhib
iting home products, good streets and roads,
etc., should receive the consideration of the
Oakland Board of Trade.
The desire for your co-operation and help In
such matters prompts this request to you to be
come a member and feilow-worker for the de
velopment of our material Interests.
The present directors are: President, M.
J. Keller; vice-president, W. A. Kenney;
secretary, J. F. Street; C. C. Nordhausen,
H. C. Capwell, E. G. Buswell, C. L. Dam,
E. J. Murphy, S. B. Boyce, Charles L.
Smith, J. P. Tayior, C. R. Root. It is cer
tain that at to-morrow's election there will
be some changes.
"The Board of Trade should be broad
enough to take in the interests of the
community," said President Keller to-day.
''The revived organization will embrace
ail classes of business men interested in
the growth, development and prosperity
of the entire community. There vrill be a
wide field covered, although the board
will not lose its Oakland identity."
Craigie Sharp, the promoter and super
intendent of the recent Oakland exposi
tion, is working in the interests of the
revived Board of Trade, ana will probably
be elected secretary.
The following merchants and firms nave
signed the call an members:
W. E. Miller E. E. BuDCe
John C. Walling Grant I. Taegart
Charles O. Huber J. l. Lyons & Son
Bowman & Co. J. b. Kmorv i
A. Steffanoni Bolton & Haley
Benjamin W. Ferris \V\ J. Byers
11. W. Lounsberry A. Bibber .ft Co.
X V A U uV a l manteer £• T °* turic ° AAnderson
v A. Blank . K. j. Baver
Archibald Ford fcchaffer & Swift
James cayly rumble & Cohn
Kdson ¥. Adams W. B. Merwiu
R. J. Williams John Warm
L. H. BrUgs George N. Woguetem
J. E. Sturgeon George Mcl
William J. Dlcgee M. C. Chapman '
>I. J. Laymance George B. M. Gray
1. C. Watson BeDham Thomas
A. J. Snyder & Co. D. Edward Collins
J. C. Wilson & Co. Frank C. Orr
George Smitn <fc Co. Hugh M. Cameron
M. conn A. Kayser
H. C. Coward John K. Miller
Tom M. Bradley R. A. King
William Law Hill Georg« K. de Golla
Joe Rosenberg E. M. Gibson
T. F. <fc p. J. Agntw O. A. Willard
Cotton Bros. <fc Co. S. P. Tate
Cashmore's Hose & White
F. A. Webster R. E. Banske
O. F. Girard J. J. Allen
\v J. Spencer Oakland Iron Worts
Booth <t Johnson (E. B. Norton, Sec.)
*• " • Spiers Towle A Broadweil
F. O. Haussler l. m. Babcock
James Kendall Humbo dt Lumber Co.
Oakland Pres. Company (Hugh Hogan, Mgr.)
(J. H. Nelson, V. P.) Pacific Press Pub. Co.
.anow (E. A. Chapman, Sec.)
£. J. Ryan „ jf. W. Spatting Jr. '
IJJ f enbach & Plans L. Calderwood
W. B. Home O. Ohlson
6 1 ' B ,' L. Nusbaumer W. S. Harlow
C B. \\ hite Henry Meyer
Oakland Priming Co. Mcßnde & MeCullOCh
J>-8. Ainjworth Samuel Taylor .
Charles M. Fuher, M . Di J. Tobriner
leader Wi ndmill Co. f. KllneenberK
leader Windmill Co. R. Gordon
(G. H. Bnttner, Sec.) Xeal & Kollrh
RemlllardßrlcKto. MonrA Ruedi
« V es , tp ? al & " oni c - w - Logan
John T Bell OUIMPIo Mcxeil
John T. A. Norton W.ii. Smith
George A. Norton w. if »™h
f.V BABsdle8 A B s dle j a W. Wutne
W. B. Harrm> W. p \ oorhees
V. P. ilitchels a-.«F—
J. S. Nalsmith X. s. Norther
J.rßurnham California Pottery Co.
P. E. Bowles Thomas Prather
A. Gates Muiison & J,ohry
J.C.Talbot J. v Mayn.r.l *
P.. K. Cra^in Victor Gilardin
Emery & Prosser W. c. Bowlan
J.mcs Miller Jr. Doiijrla* & While
William Rutherford Hiu-o Bermere
T. A. Dranga H. Pascoe
J. It. Fryer H. B. Smith
H. F. Cornwall Taylor & Anson
Fred WuMktf C. r*. Crnndell
George L. Yager Kichwede, Muiir & Co
George P. Giuchton James McAllister
August Tornblowr Fred Sarnlelln
A. Hensl#r- John Frey
William J. Jackson J. L. Colbarr & Co
Mitchell Bros. W. 11, Bone
Globe Grocery Co. .T. K. Stewart
J. O. Bttterman J. T. Baum
T. E. Kan« ■ . J. c. Thompson
B. M. Fadden K. H. Kennedy :
P. McCivrjar George K. Fairchlld
Stephen hice Hugh Hamilton
C. H. Burjans T. Wehrli
« Ma «i» A. sleim»n
AY. J>el'ons K. Migg
K. G. and 11. Cummins: F. W. Stern
J. H. Ayaelo:te'« ¥. w. lleaemeyer
W 1,. Archard 11. Kurze
J. Bash A. L. \\ illey
Ompia, Garcia A Woods W.Bel-rcns
Ji«'« le ,. Hllar P K. W. Wober
\V. H. Ward R. m. Flizgerjld
People's Express Co. Kob«rt Reed
J. \\ . Moss X. \v. Wlnton
Robinson I>oak K. D. Hunter
W. E. I'ureie »'. c. Baker
A. J. M*sni«?r j. Tyrrel
W B. MOM* M. M. Samson
B. Hlckajott 1., N. Ooobttdick
J*. 1. RwoD*on j. p. Bernard
J. A. McCarl<tCo. Charles Aciifcrd
J. C. B»s»ett John Wcmmfr
Robert Gllmora Hocking i .leffers
E. V. Morris Barton C. Llnd
H. K. Jackson Wm. J. Drew
Garrett A Taggart O. F. Xopre
J. 8. Swat A. Kreye
J. W. Nelson White Star Laundry
William C. Ziegler C. Granneuberg
A. A. Rogers ■ . Merriam A Co.
Philin Krcppner Harrington & Mclntils
B. Colin ' Cash Gonstore
Thouij'soii .t Conneli I'rcblo ft Hammer
O. Km lay L. F. Hichey
Pioneer Koda Co. William Crnib
Jones <£ Morse Anson Barsiow
F. B»rleagaU-.«fc Co. Fox A Andrews
11. K. ailMrt CO. Hailmeyer -
W. B. Greenebaum C. S. MeXally
I* R. Miller, ajcent B. Meves
J. F. Mail. Owl Drugstore
D. C. Hiusdale r. Blow
KoJ Cameron h. Oil pin
American Brewery Isaac W. Wells
P. H. BurDs The Advocate
M. L. Wurts Krnnk Esmond
E. S. Watrous Rad Aylwln
J. A. Slo«uiaicnr S. W. .Marston
J. <". Gllson Morrlmnn Mlfc. Co.
Bordlck & Co. j.\ c. Atkinson, manager
M. J.is<niT & Co. U'obe Iron Works
P. Chappellet t\ Seifort,
Henry Cruz w. h. Christie
1 . V. Met eely, Berkeley Gazette
Standard Soap Co. AY. Holt
(D. K. Dowllng, Supt.) J. Kverdlng A Co.
J. w. Lodßett Smith & -cbmldt
Robinson <fc Jenkins James Uowling
Marsion «ft Campbell T. \V. Morgan
Cbarles r. Kern R. j. McMullun
V. Kuckein, M.D. J. y. Mcswain
J. (i. Hanks J. West Martin
T. P. Boucher Thomas J. Prady
Charles Plena. a. V. Twoliy '
Nichaus Bros. A Co. William RuUedge & Co
George .Schmidt J) K. Went worth
I*. liemond Daniel Duggan
Robert Mewart ThomHs Huttall
N.J.Collins l:. 'I rauke <fc Co.
C. AY. WoinberK C. T. Hatupel
James Cablll <fc Co. 11. E Robblus.
Merkle Eros.
KRUTTSCHSIIT'S TRIP.
The Railroad General Manager to Visit
West Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cat.., April 20.— The first
public appearance of Julius Kruttschnitt,
the new general manager of the Southern
Pacific, on this side of the bay will be at
the regular weekly meeting of the West
Oakland ImDrovement Club, in Hansen
Hall, to-morrow (Tuesday) evening.
The club was only recently organized
and the very first work to be taken hold of
is the filling of the low lands in the nor th
western portions of the city. Much of this
is owned by the railroad, and they wish to
get some responsible official in a place
where they can talk to him about it. There
are many other things of interest tn that
portion of the city which no doubt will be
discussed.
Professor Charles Mills Gayley, Head of the Department of English at the State
University.
HE DENIES GRIEVANCE.
Wheelmen Object to the Statements
About Their Riders in the Late
Relay Race.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 20.— The Acme
Club Wheelmen are not at all pleased with
the criticisms made on their riders in the
last relay race. To-night V. C. Van Court
issued the following circular to the press:
As the recent rfflay race and especially the
finish seems to be the principal discussion
among the cycling clubs it, perhaps would not
be too liite to give our version of the unfortu
nate finish. We read in all the aaily papers
that Squires of our club was entirely to blame,
which we certainly feel is unjust. Admitting
tha f the photograph taken by the Bay City
Club man proves that Squires'fell into Foster,
we claim that it does not prove the cause of
the fall, as any fair-minded wheelman will
admit.
It is hard for us to believe that any rider i
riding Id the lead can collide with a rider '
riding in the rear; and, as Foster ad- i
mitted in the pretence of a number of i
witnesses (which we can prove) that he !
thought he nad room enough to pass between
Bqolrefl and Ziegler, we cannot see why '
Squires should shoulder all the blame. The :
nnoto proves to my mind that Squires must '
have been struck by either Foster or Ziegler to
fall as he did on a perfectly smooth road.
Foster is, or should be/well posted on the i
racing rules as any rider in the West. The
rain of racing are plain enough in this matter |
—that is. a rider racing on the track must pass j
to tae right, and on the road to the left unless
he has et k-ast three feet of room. As Foster
had at least fifteen feet to pass botn Squires !
and Zieeler, we still claim that Squires com
mitted no foul.
As we can easily produce at least fifty re
sponsible witnesses to the fall that Foster not
only ran into Squires once, but twice, we feel
that th» A. C. \V.,aud Squires in particular,
have been unjustly censured.
There has been a" report circulated that the
Acmes protested the Bay Citys for passing the
packet outside of the limit in San Jose, which
we wish to emphatically deny, as no protest of
£? y '., , been entered against the Bay
City Wheelmen, Foster or any other club or
rider by the Acme Club wheelmen.
CIRCULAR SPEED TRACK
Alameda Driving Club Considering a
New Idea— Enthniiaatlcallv
Received.
ALAMEPA, Cal., April 20.-A meeting
of the Akmerta Driving Club met in the
office of H. P. Moreal and was attendeJ by
some twenty gentlemen. It was decided
to abandon the boulevard racing track and
wind up the affairs of the club and reor
ganize a new one.
The idea is to build a new circular mile
track on the marsh lands between Pros
pect and Bay streets. It was stated that
the Southern Pacific officials had agreed to
allow the track to be built on their land.
A new organization was formed, to be
known as the Alameda Driving Associa
tion, with the following ofheers: Presi
dent, Judge Elhworth; vice-president
Sanford Bennett; treasurer, I. L. Borden*
secretary, Charles Gardner; superintend
ent, Al Cohen; assistant superintendent
William Higoy. The committee ap
pointed to solicit donations arc: Jud^e
Ellsworth, Dr. Bull, diaries Gardner
Charles Neal and Payne Shatter. The
sum of $G4 was donated as the balance on
hand from the old organization.
The new track is to be forty feet wide on
the backstretch, with raised turns and a
sixty-foot homestretch. The utmost en
thusiasm prevailed, $540 was promised in
subscriptions and the meeting adjourned
to meet a week hence.
THE GEAND JURY.
Impaneled and Will Take Up the Koot
C'flse at Once.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 20.— The new
Grand Jury was drawn this afternoon
from the panel as follows: C. It. Lewis
Henry A. Schaffer, Abel Thornton, Marioi!
Clarke, J. S. Wixson, Charles Roeth
Oorge B. Naismith, Lin wood Palmrr'
Thomas White, R. F. Crist, 0. C. Volberg'
J. A. Bliss, Henry .1. Foh*t, C. Schrieber.'
Henry Trombly, W. Clift, William P
Whe ler and WiiJiam Snyder. C. R.Lewis
wes chosen and sworn "as foreman, aad
then Judge Greene instructed them upon
their duties. l
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 1896.
DR. GAYLEY WILL LEAVE.
The Professor of English at
Berkeley Called to Europe
by Macmillan's.
WILL EDIT ENGLISH COMEDIES.
Freshmen in a Quandary About Bour
don — Primary Election in North
Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 20.— The de
partment of English at the State Univer
sity will soon be without a head. Professor
Charles Mills Gaylcy, who has been chief
of the department for tue last seven years,
will leave at the close of the next academic
year for Europe, for the purpose of assum
ing the editorship of a series of English
comedies to be published by Macmillan &
Co. of New York. Negotiations be
tween the big publishing-house and the
Berkeley professor have been pending for
some time past, and it is only within the
last few days that the contract has been
signed. The work of which Professor Gay
ley will assume the direction will take at
least five years to reach a consummation.
Some of the most eminent and well
known professors in the foremost Amer
ican colleges and universities, as well as a
large part of the Btaff which edited
"Ward's English Poets," will be under the
direction of Professor Gay ley in the publi
cation of the new Tork. Among them are
tome of the foremost dramatic critics of
the day — those who have made a special
study of the drama and the dramatic art.
The publishers have chosen the drama a3
a subject upon which to work for the pur
pose of developing that literary type on
both continents.
The series will begin with "Ralph Rois
ter Doister" and close with Goldsmith's
"Sheridan," including in its scope thirty
of the best dramas written in the English
tongue.
In an interview this afternoon Professor
Gayleysaid: "I have just signed a con
tract with Macniillan" & Co. to assume
editorship of a series of critical works on
the English drama. The work is to be
published in four volumes, the first of
which is to appear in 1898, and the other
three at equal intervals thereafter until
the whole work is finished. It will
be the purpose of the edition to
present the best English comedies in
snch form as to revive the interest of the
public in the best dramatic art and to pre
se.it to scholars texts and criticisms which
shall be useful in current investigation.
The opportunity I shall be afforded of
further studying tlie English drama will
De of material assistance 10 me in making
up my 'History of English Comedy,'
which is now partly completed. It will
take at least five years to entirely com
plete the work, but it may be that the
greater part of the superintending will be
completed in three»years. It is now my
purpose to leave ai the end of the next
academic year."
Professor Gayley came from the Uni
versity of Michigan seven years ago to
take the professorship of English at
Berkeley. He is the author of the "Clas
sic Myths," which is used in every high
school of the State, and he has now in the
hands of his publishers a two-volume
work on "The Principles of Literary Criti
cism," which will appear in a few months.
He is 35 years of age and a graduate of
Cambridge, England.
The Freshmen and Bourdon.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 20.— The fresh
men of the State University held a secret
meeting to-day to consider the Bourdon
rush and other matters. After the meet
ing was over various conflicting reports
were set afloat regarding the decision ar
rived at by the class.
It has been generally reported around
the college by ''J9 men that the class con
cluded to have no "Bourdon burial," but
that, discouraged byjthe repeated defeats
they have received in "rushing," the '90
men had decided to dispense with the
time-honored custom of burying "Bourdon
and Minto,'" and would instead have a
oance on the evening of April 29.
On the otner hand it ia reported that the
freshmen made an enthusiastic stand on
the Bourdon rush and appointed secret
committees to take charge of preparations
for the event. It is said that the fresh
men will attempt to have the celebration
some night this week, and that the reports
of an abandonment of all plans for
Bourdon are spread with a view to pre
venting sophomore organization to op
pose their natural class enemies.
MemurUl Windows.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 20.— A note
worthy feature of the First Presby lerian
Church building, now receiving its 'riiiish
ing touches, is three memorial windows
on the east side. The first bears an in
scription: 'Rev. Loyal Hays, our first
pastor, 1873-79," and is a tribute to one of
the founders of the church. The tniddlu
window is marked '-Walter West Sell,
April 24, 1884." It is in memory of W. W.
Sell, the only son of W. E. Sell, one of the
present trustees of the church and one of
the Lir-'cst donors to the fund that en
abled the church to secure a new building.
The third wiiidow is in memory of
George McDonald, who was an elder of
t c church and who died on March 19,
1886.
Primaries at North Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 20.— Primary
elections of the People's party held at
North Berkeley resulted in the choice of
the following as delegates to the party
convention : Adam Thresher, William Far
well, Daniel McLaughlin and G. Samuel
Fisher.
Farewell to Dr. Bentley,
BERKELEY, Cai,., April 20.— Special
farewell services were held in Trinity M.
B. Church yesterday in honor of the de
parture for Europe of Rev. It. Bentley. the
pastor. Dr. Bentley was presented with a
beautiful morocco-bound copy of resolu
tions passed by the official board of the
church expressing appreciation of his serv
ices.
POPULIST DELEGATES.
Alameda County Will Send Several
Women to the Coming County
Convention.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 20.— The Peo
ple's party chose their delegates to the
county convention this year by Assembly
districts. The party, like tne Prohibition
ist, recognize women, and a number at
tended the primaries and voted. Several
will have seats in the convention as dele
gates. Tlie county convention convenes
in this city Saturday at 10 a. m., and will
elect seventeen delegates to the State con
vention, which fconvenes in Sacramento
May 13. The delecates elected as far as
known are:
Forty-sixth Assembly District— J. I). Austin,
T. S. Manning, G. Toyme, C. Neilson, \V. Me-
Cnuslan, Benjamin Lee, T. F. Lee.
Forty-seventh Assembly District— Green Ma
jors, Leo S. Robinson, Rev. S. a. Taft, D D. P.
V. Mitchell. Dr. F. Heller, J. W. Rew, J. G.
Hurley, William Davis, G. R. Reade, W. B.
Ryder, L. S. Orcutt, J. M. Moore, O. Hieneroth.
Forty-eighth Assembly District— L. Matson,
T. J. Crowley, J. D. Shephura, O. L. Broad
wiiter, E. S. Broad water, Mrs. M. £. Aram, A.
Bretz, Robert Reed, L. M. Frick, J. Hopkirk,
G. W. Swain, Adna A. Denison, George W. Hut
ner. Percy B. Preble, Hugh Bankhead, P. J.
Carison.
Forty-ninth Assembly District— J. A. Neen
nessy, F. T. Hale, J. C. Colburn, A. P. Reiu
hart, J. K. Price, J. B. Henning, C. A. Martin.
K. McGuire, George Heritage, William Hart,
Ed White. J. Pallnbaum, T. M. Latimer, R.
Stuart. T. B. Wheeler, W. R. Batton, J. Grim
mons, J. Ford, Peter Skorup.
Fiftieth Assembly District— S. Goodenough,
A. N. Dennison, B. C. Allen, W. H. Chauman,
J. R. Druery, J. Kaifthan, J. F. McSwain, A.
Hoenisch. E. N. Cannon, J. p. Ennis, J. C.
Brown, R. Hesse, a. Coons, J. R. Pflster, J. B.
McMath, B. K. Lowe, C. L. Matthews, J. H.
Lucas, T. J. Roberts, J. B. Randolph, J. J. Naple.
Alternates— James McDonald, William Mur
dock and C. S. Barnard.
Fifty-first Assembly District— C. L. Prescott,
J. L. Mayuard, L. H. Nichois-on, A. Krueger, M.
Lesser, J. M. Madden, George Johnson, J. F.
Ford, A. T. Dewey, C. R. Moore, J. C. Butner,
J. Van Buskirk, Dr. A. F. Childs, Frank Smith,
J. C. Esty, T. T. Friekstad, Dr. Marshall, Mr.
Ross, M. L. Gray, D. Blank. Alternates— Frank
Chafiee and J. H. Loomis.
HILL MUST HAN 3.
The Death Penalty Imposed by Judge
Oeden, but No Bate Fixed.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 20. — Judge
Ogden to-day sentenced Benjamin L. Hill
to be hanged for the killing of his wife,
Agnes Hill, on the street on the
night of January 11. Hill appeared in
court with his attorney and when asked
if he had anything to say he replied in a
subdued tone of voice, indicate sup
pressed agitation, saying he had nothing.
Judge Ogden said lie had been convicted
after a fair trial and defense by able coun
sel. It only remained for the' court to im
pose the death penalty. He then made
an order that the defendant be taken
within ten days by the Sheriff of Alameda
County and delivered t<> the Warden of
the State prison at San Quentin, there to
be hanged by the neck until dead.
Attorney Bradley filed a motion of ap
peal from the order of the court denying
a motion for a new trial. A stay of execu
tion was trranted to and including the 20th
of June, 1896, unless otherwise ordered.
ALAMEDA CITY TRUSTEES
Bids for Sprinkling Streets
Opened— Objection to Street
Opening.
Meeting of Ministers' Union — Con
tractor Constable to Get His
Money.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 20.— At the
meeting of the City Trustees this evening
bills to the amount of $423 were ordered to
be paid. Eighteen applications for gratui
tous licenses were received and referred to
com mi t tee for report. A majority of the
property-owners on Chapin street, hold
ing 1175 feet frontage on its northern line,
entered a protest against street work being
done ihereon "on the ground that it is un
necessary, and being unnecessary is inex
pedient and particularly oppressive in tho
present financial stringency." The pro
test was laid over for six months.
A third pay men t of $325 was ordered to be
paid Constable & Co., contractors for worK
at the electric works. One hundred dol
lars was set apart for repairing Webster
street toward the bridge over the tidal
canal.
The Aiameda Woman's Exchange was
granted the use of the Council chamber for
lour meetings to organize committees for
holding a floral fete on the :23th of May.
The bicycle ordinance regulating speed
on Park and Webster streets to seven miles
an hour was read and ordered to print.
Bids were opened tor sprinkling the
streets, the city furnishing the carts and
water and the bidders the labor and trac
tion power. Lubben Brothers' bid at 31
cents per hour -vas the lowest, but all bills
were referred to the committee on bids.
Trustees Leydecker and Fletter were ab
sent.
■May Pay Constable.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 20.— The City
Treasurer feels considerably easier in
mind. The City Attorney told him he
had no right to withhold the payment of
warrants amounting to $850 m favor of
Contractor Constable and was rendering
himself liable to an action for damages.
On the other hand, he and his bondsmen
were apprehensive that if the electric
light injunction suit against the city
held he would havo to refund
tne money from his own pocket.
He says now that the principals at the
back of the suit have told him that he can
pay (he money over to Constable without
fear of any consequences from them, as an
agreement to that effect will be made in
court next Wednesday.
ministerial Union.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 20.— The A!a
moda Ministerial Union met this evening
in the parlors of the Methodist Episcopal
Churrh, Park street, to discuss ti.e ques
tion of Sabbath observance at the request
of the Rev. A. Caihouu, D.D. ol the
United Presbyterian Church of this city,
who is a member of the committee of the
California State Sabbath Association, Ten
minute speeches on the matter were deliv
ered by th* president, Dr. M. C. Brings of
San Jo3e, Rev. J. M. French of Oakland
Rev. F. 8. Brush and Rev. W. W. Scud
der of tli is city. The idea is to hold a con
vention in the Young Mens' Christian As
sociation Hall in San Francisco, May 14,
and to take st ps to have a law enacted
compelling the due observance of Sunday
in this State.
Notes.
As a result of the tuberculine test ap
plied last week two cows in tho city
limits were killed to-day and sent to the
boneysrds.
The gross takings from the entertain
ment. 'The Rival Queens," amount to
over $400.
Justice Morris this afternoon dismissed
the charge of Jarceny laid against A. W.
Schrieber on th" motion of Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Green, who stated tl a to
steal a dog was no felony. Ctesarl. is
therefore in the possession of Schrieuer at
present.
Canada, the largest British possession of
the crown, ha« 10 area, incliulinc its lakes
and rivers, of 0,45(3,000 square miles. The
United States has an area of 3,501.409
square miles; so the latter territory com
pared with the former baa 51,409 more
square miles.
WANTS TO SEE HIS GRAVE
A Son's Sins Wrecks the Lives
of a Young Wife and Aged
Mother.
TOOK EVEBYTHING AND LEFT.
With Reason Tottering Mrs. Ralph
B?lieves That She Will Never S?e
Him Again Alive.
Oakland Office San Francisco Callj
908 Broadway, April 20. 1
One of the most pathetic of stories was
that told to-day by Mrs. S. A. Ralph, who
resides at Tenth and Franklin streets.
Mrs. Ralph is broken-hearted over her
boy's absence. She is more; she is broken
in mind on account of the great sorrow
that has weighed her down for two years
and which, it seems probable, will not be
lifted this side of the grave.
The unhappy mother believes that her
boy has died and that if she ever sees him
again he will have to be exhumed. So
completely ba3 this idea taken possession
of her t hat it has affected her reason.
Samuel Ralph, for whom his mother is
searching, <li3appeared from Wakefleld,
Nebr., more than two years ago. He left
his young wife and little boy and has not
been seen since. Mrs. Ralph said to-day
that she is convinced her lad is dead.
"I shall never cease the search for him,"
she said, "and I am certain I shall soon
hear where he is. Once I believe I saw
him in Oakland and told the police that
I could not seem to get near enough to
speak to him."
A letter received by Miss Mattie Ralph
Samuel Kalph, Whose Cruel Desertion
of His Family Has Wrecked Two
Lives.
of 225 Geary street, San Francisco, from
the young wife tells its own story. It
reads:
Dear Mattie and Mrs. Ralph: I am sorry
to write to you to-night, for what I say
will only cause you pain. I can hardly
tell you what was the trouble between us.
We had no particular quarrel, but our
lives for a long time have been gradually
drifting apart. You know I wanted to
live a steady, industrious, Christian life,
and he seemed bound to go in just the op
posite direction. All winter he had been
neglecting his work, spending bis time
and causing me, oh, so much sadness.
He was selling corn and hogs and cattle
and I supposed he was paying his debts
with the money, for he told me he was.
but I find now that the debts are not paid
and the money had been squandered in a
gambling hole. Not ail his own money,
but also money he had borrowed, all went
the same way. All this time I was at
home, working and sawing, watching and
praying for him to be kept from temp
tation and be caved from sin.
"Just before he went away he sold the
corn we had kept to feed the horses this
summer and ul«o some young pigs. When
he went away he must have had $100 and
I had $5. The morning he left he said he
was going to a neighbor's to see about
some business, and might possibly have to
go on to town. I wondered why he put
on his best clothes, but I was too busy to
think much about it. I looked forhim
to come home all day and all night. Long
I watched and waited, but he never came,
nor will he ever come.
"Oh, Mattie, Mattie! How could he be
so cruel and wrong me so, when 1 was
trying hard to be a good true wife and do
what was right. I wish I could awake
and find it was all a horrible dream. Let
your mother read every word of this. 1
have come back to father's to live and that
is all the home baby Georgie and I will
ever have again.
"I have given up looking for Sam and
do not believe he is in the United States.
I am afraid this will almost kill your
mother. May the Lord give you both
strength to bear it. On, how "could he
change so; he seemed so different when
he married me. How sad I feel when I
think of the past, and it seems like the
darkest of clouds hangs over my future
life, that will never be lifted. Dear Mrs.
Ralph and Mattie, pray for him that he
may yet be saved. Susie Ralph.
"The news did not kill me, as Susie
feared," said Mrs. Ralph, "but it has
taken all the brightness out of my life. 1
could never have believed that he could
be so heartless. But he hasgon^now. I
believe he is dead, but O God, just let me
know where he is buried and I shall be
content." _____________
Unitarians to Meet.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 20 —The Pacific
Unitariau Conference will hold its meet
ings in the Unitarian Church parlors,
Grand street, on Wednesday and the two
following d vs. A lengthy business paper
has been arranged. The ladies will not
bo overlooked, as they are to meet in
separate session on Thursday morning and
transact the business pertinent to their
needs. On Friday night platform ad
dresses will be delivered by Sheldon Kel
logg, San Francisco; Rev. C. W. Wendte,
Oakland; and Rev. Horatio Stebbins,
D.D., San Francisco.
■ • — •— * - .
A Boom's Business Arrangements.
"Yon must have a good deal to worry you
just now," said the Presidential candi
date's friend. "I suppose you are both
ered a good deal by interviewers for
opinions?"
"Oh, no. My press agent attends to
that."
"But the expense of a campaign is some
thing pretty heavy."
"My financial backer attends to the ex
penses."
"But you have lots of little details to
tl'ink about— like getting the brass bands
to play 'Hail to the Chief at just the
proper point of the proceeding.* and hav
ing the American rla^ hung where you
can point to it at an effective juncture."
"No; the stage manager and property
man attend to those things."
"Well— excuse me — but would you mind
telling me where you come in?"
"I— oh, I just do the running for office."
Washington Star.
Mathematical calculations show that an
iron ship weighs 27 D«f cent leas than a
wooden one, and will carry 115 tons of
cargo for every 100 tons carried by a wooden
ship of the same dimensions, and both
loaded to the same draught of water.
/I _L > _*V ¥
_. iS# 1^ 3 /^__ Bl /^^4^% f__-4__. _(^<b» /^__ _^*>
M [R B*3 i R __L x IB _«P -|» m /
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. AUCTIONEERS,
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street,
Between Seventh and Eighth. Regular Sale Days,
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 761.
THIS DAY, Tuesday April 21, 1896,
At 10 o'clocs a. m., at salesroom,
1135 MARKET ST., bet. 7th and Bth,
7.:.WE WILL SELL *■
8 Folding Beds, 10 Chamber Sets, Carpets, book-
cases. Sideboards, Paintings, Crockery, Glassware,
Stoves and Rangss. etc.
CHAS. LEVY A CO., Auctioneers.
J. C. MOTHER, AUCTIONEER,
WJXIi SELL THIS DAY,
Tuesday...... April SI, 1896,
- Commencing at 11 a. m.,
At Salesrooms, 521 Kearny St.,
i A full line of New ana Second-hand Parlor, Cham-
: ber and Dining-room Furniture, a 1> g lo of Fine
Carpets and Stoves. Fine Hair Mattresses, Feather
Pillows and Bedding, Crockery, Mirrors and all
kinds of useful household goo.is. ■
J. C. MiTTHKK. Auctioneer.
PROPOSALS. '
FOR THE
STATE INSANE ASYLUM
AT AGNEWS.
Commencing May 1, 1806, and Ending
September 30, 1896.
■VTOTICEIB HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
-L> proposals win be received at the office of the
Secretary of the Board of Trustees of the State In-
sane Asylum at Agnews, No. 32 East Santa Clara
street, San Jose, up to 3 o'clock p. it. of TUES-
DAY, APRIL ill, 1896. and -at the Asylum at
Agnews up to 10:30 o'clock a. m. of WEDNES-
DAY, APRIL 22. 1896 (Asylum time), for furnish-
ing supplies lor said Asylum for the six months
commencing May 1, 1890, and ending September
80, 1896, said proposals consisting of the following
schedule, and to be delivered as ordered:
Groceries.
6000 pounds Beans, small white No. 1, last crop.
4 dozen Bath Brick.
ICOO pounds Crackers, Soda, net weight.
250 pounds Corn Starch, Kingsford's, 1-pound
papers.
410 pounds Cheese, best quality, California.
40 pounds Candles, Stearic Wax, 20-pound boxes,
16 ounces.
50 gallons Coal Oil, 160 degrees test
48 pounds Chocolate, Eagle. 1-pound papers.
100 pounds Germea.
3000 pounds Hominy, large.
16 cross Matches, Diamond Match Co.'s three
noes, Safety.
4 dozen bottles Lucca Oil, quarts, Cross & Black-
well. '.
2 dozen bottles Olive Oil. Quito farm, Goodrlch's
large.
600 pounds Pearl Barley, No. 8. j-">.; ■
800 gallons Pickles, No. 1 mixed, In barrels.
3 boxes Kalsius, 3-crown loose, 50-pound boxes.
6000 pounds Rice, sandwich Islands, No. 1.
1000 pounds Split Peas.
0000 pounds Sugar, dry granulated, extra fine.
15,000 pounds Sugar, Golden C.
200 pounds Sugar, cube.
200 pounds Sugar, powdered.
1200 gallons syrup, Golden, SO gallons to the
barrel.
72 pounds Soda, Bi-carbocate, 1-pound papers.
tOO pounds Tapioca, flake.
200 gallons Vinegar, wine, 40 deg. test.
3 dozen bottles Worcestershire Sauce, Lea & Per-
rin's. pints. .
0 cases Oysters, 12 ounces, No. 1, Farren's.
Macaroni and Vermicelli.
IGOO pounds Macaroni, whHe, No. 1, 20-pound
boxes, net.
1000 pounds Vermicelli, white, No. 1, 25-pound
boxes, net.
Canned Goods.
10 cases Canned Apricots, standard, gallons.
10 cases Canned Corn, Wtnslow's. .
10 cases Canned Peaches, standard, gallons.
3 cases Jellies, assorted.
Dried Fruit. '
2000 pounds Dried Apples, sliced, No. 1.
1000 pounds Dried Apricots, bleached, No. 1.
100 pounds Dried Currants, Zante, No. 1.
1000 pounds Dried Peaches, bleached, No. 1.
8000 pounds Dried Prunes, California French, 60
to 70.
; , Coffee, Tea, Spices, Etc.
3 000 pounds Coffee, Java.
4000 oounds Coffee. Guatemala.
1600 pounds Chicory.
£.00 pounds Tea. A. Schilling A Co's Popular
No. 4.
1500 pounds Tea. Diamond M., E. B. Congou,
No. 12.
500 pounds Baking Powder, Pioneer or Golden
Gate, 5-pound cans.
60 pounds cinnamon, ground. A. Schilling &
Oo's best. 3-pound cans.
20 pounds Ginger, ground. A. Schilling A Co.'s
! best. 3-pound cans.
100 pounds Mustard, ground. A. Schilling A
I Co.'s best. 8-pound cans.
250 pounds Pepper, black, ground. A. Schilling
& Co.'» best. 3-pound cans.
2 dozen bottles Extract of Lemon. A. Schilling i
! <£ Co.'s best triple, 32-ounce bottles.
2 dozen bottles Extract of Vanilla. A. Schilling I
A Co.'s best triple, 32-ounce bottles.
Fresh Beef. Mutton. Etc.
100.000 pounds. Fresh Beef. No. 1, all steers,
from 600 pounds to 700 pounds, delivered In sides. ,
6000 pounds No. 1 Fresh Mutton, delivered
! whole.
3600 pounds No. 1 Fresh Veal, dressed, delivered ;
! whole.
801 l Batter.
2600 pounds Fresh Fancy California Butter.
Keg Butter.
10,000 pounds First class California Keg
Butter.
Ktes.
4000 dozen Fresh California Eggs.
Potatoes.
110,000 pounds No. 1 Burbank Potatoes.
Hams, Bacon, I.anl and Pork.
00 pounds Bacon, Light Breakfast, bidders to
State brands.
2500 pounds Hams, bidders to state brands.
1000 pounds Lard, Pure Leaf, in tierces. !
6 barrels Salt Pork, extra clear.
Salt Fish.
600 pounds Codfish, California, selected. 100
pound cases to run 18 fish or less to case, last
catch.
C halt-barrels Mackerel, No. 1, 100 pounds net
each barrel.
Fre*h Fish.
10,000 pounds Fresh Fish, No. 1 assorted.
Salt.
8000 pounds Fine Dairy Salt.
Flour, Grain, Kto.
15,000 pounds Ground Barley.
6000 pounds Corn MeaL
6000 pounds Cat Meal, extra.
6000 pounds Cracked Wheat.
25.000 pounds Bran.
:t barrels Hulled Oats.
600 barrels Flunr, bakers' extra.
2400 pounds Graham Flour.
6000 pounds Wh-at.
Chewing Tobacco.
POO pounds Drummond Tobacco Company's
Horse Shoe. |~
Smoking Tobacco and Pipes.
850 pounds Plug Cut, In 1-ponnd packages; bid-
ders to submit samples. '
6 gross Clay Pipes, i. D.
Soap, Lye and Soda.
125 boxes of Star of Kitchen Soap, 20 bars to
I the box.
; 20 boxes Ivory Soap, laundry size, 100 bars to
the box.
1500 poun-ls Laundry Soap, Tlscher I*,1 *,
200 cans Concentrated Lye, American, one-pound
cans. * . ■: .;
' Laundry Supplies. '.'
1 case Chloride of Lime, 24 ten-pound cans.
2 cases Caustic Soda, 24 ten-pound cans.
1 case Caustic Potash, 12 twenty-pound cans.
6 Bounds Blueing, Aniline K.
350 i ■omuls Laundry Starch, Palmetto brand.
200 pounds Wheat starch, fifty-pound boxes.
25 pounds Japan Wax.
1 2000 pound 3 Sal Soda.
■ - • Dry Goods.
400 yards Bed Ticking, Amoskeag, A. C. A., 36
inches wide. '
200 yards Crash, linen, 18 Inches wide.
i 300 yards Denims, Pearl River Indigo Bine, 28
inches wide.
500 yards Sheeting, Indian Head, 4-4 unbleached.
100 yards Pequot, 5-4 beached.
" 800 yards Pequot, 7-1 bleached.
500 yards Pequot, 7-4 unbleached.
. 300 yards Muslin, Lonsdale, 36 Inches wide.
200 yards Prints, 32 inches wide.
» 100 yards Ginghams, Amoskeag, staple, assorted
i colors.
, 2 dozen Corsets, large size.
6 dozen Corset Steels.
'i, dozen Steel Thimbles, large sizes.
a 5 dozen Buttonhole Twist.
25 pounds Cotton Batting, medium.
60 pounds Darning Cotton.
6 dozen Bedspreads, white.
1 dozen Hair Brushes.
1 lOdozen Combs, dress.
6 dozen Combs, fine. :
, 125 dozen Clark's O. N. T. Spool Cotton, assorted
numbers and colors. '
6 dozen Handkerchiefs, ladies'.
! 20 dozen Handkerchiefs, men's Turkey red, 24
Inches." -.■
0 down Hairpin*. K. & 8., assorted, No. 100.
J 1 6 dozen pair Ladles' Hose, pray mixed.
f 1000 dozen Needles, Millward's assorted sizes.
! 2 gross Pins, Wallace & Sons, No. F. S. a, »V -
-20 gross Buttons, pants. ■
6 cross Buttons, horn, coat and vest.
. 'i 5 gross Buttons, agate, areas and shirt, No. 10.
FRAM W. BUTTERFIELD.
TO-MORROW.
Wednesday April 22, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. v., I will sell
The Elegant Parlor Uoholstery,
Fine Oak and Walnut Chamber Furniture, Oak
Foldinz Beds, Chiffonieres, Wardrobes, Oil Paint-
ings, Mirrors, Carpets, etc., contained in 40 rooms
of that fashionable French Private Boarding-house
known as
"THE VERSAILLES,"
611 TAVLOR ST., NEAR SUTTER.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer,
19 Munti.-oi.iciy street.
PROPOSALS— Continued.
Clothing. .
100 dozen pair gray mixed cotton Socks.
10 dozen Overalls, duck, canton flannel lined, leg
30 to 34, waist 32 to 44.
8 dozen pair Suspenders, average and extra
lengths.
Brushes.
4 dozen Hair Floor Brushes.,
2 dozen Counter Brushes.
0 dozen Scrub Brushes.
1 dozen Shoe Brushes.
8 dozen Combination Mop Handles.
Brooms.
16 dozen California Brooms. The Industrial
Home for the Adult Mind, No. 1, Excelsior.
' 1 dozen Whisk Brooms. 3 strings.
Crockery and Glassware.
8 dozen Dinner Plates. 8-inch.
8 dozen Soup Plates, 8-Inch.
5 dozen Vegetable Dishes, 9-inch.
1 dozen Platters, 12-inch.
6 dozen Sauce Dishes, small.
12 dozen Cups and Saucers.
6 dozen Glass Tumblers.
Tinware*
5 dozen Galvanized Iron Buckets, 3 gallons, No.
24 iron.
6 dozen Galvanized Iron Chambers, 8»4-tnch
top, 7-inch bottom. 6^ Inches high, No. 26 Iron.
10 dozen Pint Tin Cups, X tin.
1 dozen tin coffee Pots, 3 gallons, XXX tin.
1 dozen Tin Syrup Cans. 2 gallons, XX tin.
1 dozen Soup Cans, 3 gallons, XXX tin.
1 dozen Milk Cans, 3 gallons, XX tin.
Wood.
200 cords Pine Wood. Said wood shall not be
under 6 Inches or over 10 Inches In thickness and
shall be strictly No. 1.
Engine-Room Coal.
150 tons Engine- Coal, 2240 pounds to the
ton. Bidders specify kin 1 and quality.
To be delivered in carloid lots and weighed on
Asylum. scales.
Gas Coal.
100 tons Gas Coal, 2240 pounds to the ton. Bid-
ders specify kind and quality.
To be delivered in carload lots and weighed on
Asylum scales. ______
-s Range Coal.
40 tons screened coal. 2240 pounds to the
ton. Bidders specify kind and quality.
To be delivered In carload lots and weighed on
Asylum scales.
The above-named articles are all to be of tin
best qualities, subject to the approval of the
Medical Director, and to be delivered at tne
Asylum at such times and In such quantities as be
may desire. And It is expressly understood that
If a greater or less quantity of any article than
above mentioned shall be required by the Medical
Director, the same shall be furnished by the con-
tractor at the contract price.
The contracts will be awarded to the lowest
responsible bidder, and no bid will bo received or
considered unless accompanied by a certified
check in an amount equal to 10 per cent of the bid
or bids presented, which amount shall be forfeited
to the people of the state of California as settled,
fixed and liquidated damages In rase the bidder to
whom the award of contract is made shall fall or
refuse to enter into such contract and furnish such
bonds for the faithful performance of the same as
the Board of Trustees may require within five
days after such award. Supplies only to be re-
ceived between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m. Separate bids
will be received for—
GROCERIES.
MACARONI AND VERMICELLI.
CANNED GOODS.
DRIED FRUIT.
COFFEE, TEA, SPICES, ETC.
FRESH BEKF, MUTTON, ETC.
ROLL BUTTER.
KEG BUTTER.
EGGS.
POTATOES.
HAMS, BACON, LARD AND PORK.
SALT FISH.
FRESiI FISH.
SALT."
FLOUR, GRAIN, ETC.
CHEWING TOBACCO.
SMOKING TOBACCO AND PIPES.
SOAP, LYE AND SODA.
LAUNDRY SUPPLIES.
DRY GOODS.
CLOTHING.
BRUSHES.
BROOMS.
CROCK KRY AND GLASSWARE.
TINWARE.
WOOD.
ENGINE-ROOM COAL.
GAS COAL.
RANGE COAL.
The Board reserves the right of rejecting any or
all bids. .
Payments to be made monthly, in cash, when
\ there is money In the Treasury for Bach pay-
, ments, and when there. ls no money In the
1 Treasury, payment to be made out of the first
1 money in the Treasury applicable for that pur-
: poso.
Bids to be addressed to T. 8. Montgomery, No. 33
East Santa Clara street, San Jose, Col., Secretary
' of the Board of Trustees of the State Insane Asy-
] lum at Agnews, and Indorsed on envelope, "Propo-
sals for furnishing supplies." Bidders will also
' mark on envelope the class of supplies bid on.
', Envelopes and blank bids may be obtained by an-
j ply Ing 10 the Secretary. A Kparate envelope will
: be requln d fur each bid.
I Samples of articles, showing the character and
quality thereof required, except such as are per-
ishable, may be seen at the storeroom of the
Asylum.
The attention of bidders Is called to the following
section from the Political Code of the Statr>:
Section 5235. "No supplies of any kind or
< character for the benefit of the State or to be pad
! by any moneys appropriated, or to be appropri-
i ated, by '.he State, manufactured or grown in thin
1 State, winch are in whole or In part the product of
Mougollan lal.or, shall be purchased by the officials
for this State having control of any public Institu-
| tion under the control of the Stale, or of any
county, city and county, city or town thereof."
I In order to preserve uniformity and facilitate
the award it has been resolved to receive no bids
unless made upon blank forms furnished by the
■ secretary.
Parties will please carry out the sum .total for
each article and add up the same, so that the gross
amount may be seen at a glance; otherwise bid
■will not be considered.
By order of the Board of Trustees Of the Stat'
Insane Asylum at Agnews.
Dated San Jose, March i:5, 1896.
T. 8. MONTGOMERY, Secretary.
No. 32 East Santa Clara street, San Jose, Cal.
1895 -TAXES! -1895
THE SECOND INSTALLMENT OF REAL
J. Estate Taxes will be delinquent April 27th, at
6 p. m., after which 6 per oent will be added.
The office will be open from 7 to 9 p. icon
i April 25th.
SATURDAY, April 18th, POSITIVELY last
day for receiving CHECKS.
. JASIES I. BLOCK. Tax Collector.
Ban Francisco, April 16. 1830.
4&WIYSt
IS THE VERY lit.vi ONE TO EXAMINH
your eyes and tit tnera to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My auo
cess has been due to the merits Of my work.
OOice Hours— to 4 p. m.
SHAVE Vfiil So™ -nroaf. Pimples. Coppcr-M
RS»A"E Il'U Colored 6pot», Aches, Old Hore.iJH
Ulcers in Month, Halr-Vollingf Wrlto COOK. 3
BCUEDT CO., SO7 Slaxonic Temple,
Chlcatro, 111., tor proofs of cares. C»»pl- a
tal, 8500,000. Worst cases cured In IS 9
jgjto 8S days. 100-pago book, free. _t
if* "^ r * Gibbon's Dispensary,
■Jb^#l!J£?" EAK *Y*T- Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i .2i?/ EAEWYST - Established
EMM&d in for the treatment of Prlvat*
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
£$MsMsa ilisease wearing on bodyand mind and
I ?«ssa'Wi&S*{ •skin Diseases Tbedoctorcureswben
K^«^rn?™ fail. Try him. Charges low.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
GHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 1820
I'ell be. Telephone, "Fine 2591.
1314
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
T W Tulson. Chicago C B Bnde, Portland
Miss May Bennet. Ptlnd J Arnold. San I^andro
X Rwe«( san Leandro Charles Flnbert, Oakland
C I) KcKean, BeatUe W C Morril!, Tacoma
A J Benson, Victoria A B Knight, Butte
John Bierley. Newark Mrs Foley. Calcutta^
JO st pin n-.1. r, Merced B P Fyffe A wf, 111
31 P Beaderbnrg, Men-ed Robert Stevenson, Gilroy
B N Thonipson. s L Obp H G Goodman, San Jose
X L Loonus, Sacramento
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Ray H Katrchild, NY li W Lett. Portland
JC" Crooks, Portland <; B Smith, N V
MrsLATourtelotto.Wsh Mrs S Helivean, Montreal
B Rogers, Seattle C A Metcalf <fe w, Boston
1, L Bailey. Denver M 8 Bernstein, Boston
A (i Winterballer, C S A H X Black. Mill Valley
A H Roberts, La Mrs B Mackin, Bollnas
E C Heard, Eureka li .1 R Allen. Vallejo
A X Pryor, N V I. C Holly, Vallejo
It J Warren, Chicago M A Kiruy, Chicaco
O R Quinn, Chicago M Strauss. Bedding
0 W Green. Empire W F Lake. Sacramento
R Jones. Rocklin Mrs M P stparn. Reno
X.l White Aw, Reno Miss Evans, Ogden
R M Evans & w. Ogden
PALACE HOTEL.
W M Petrie. Sacramento W B Preston, Montana
J X Adams, Chicago P L Preston, Montana
F Winrup & w, Is Augls II L Chapman. Colorado
J X Choat, Denver Miss (i Chapman, Colo
A N i-'orsyth. Chicaco H Veedir <k wf. Chicago
L E Zie^le, Cincinnati Q 1" Ford, Carson
Mr. C A Rosters. N V R P Alden, Springfield
I. Dreyfoos, Everett Rose Graham, New York
w 1' Mclntosh, Los Ang Hugh Rich, Prescott
Miss Warren, Seattle Mrs Rich, Prescott
X Stayer, Montreal W II 11 Piper, Pittsburg
L Bettman. Atlanta , J W Ambers, Chicago
F Sencho, New Orleans W Foster, Boston
H C Hurlhop <fe wf, 111 G B Cramer. I'hiladelpha
C Williams. D A F[l Drew. Boston
(i A Drew, Maine .1 X Davis & wf, Butte
J H Brandemere. NY J F Van Sann, New Yrk
V D Black. Salinas W H Jenkins. Portland
]. li Perdue A wf, Ohio W G Peters, New York
LICK HOUSE.
J R Patterson, Boston E S May, Boston
s W March, Nevada City I J Kolfe, Nevada City
J 8 Mcßride, N San Juan Ben Tinnman, Cal
II N Cram, Oregon A L Sproule, Chicago
Dr A M Charlet & f, N L Co'-n, Oroville
New Orleans II DC Barnliart. S Cruz
E C Apperson. s Clara L C WitliHiueyer, Cal
.1 Lew, Pescadero Mrs Kalph Lane, Cal
Mrs Ctaas Beldlnx, Cal W s Brown, Stockton
A R Jamison, Mori sto .1 11 Hall, Santa Ana
M C B.iißham. Beckwith B H Upham, Martinez
B M Thompson, Cal P Whitehead, Cal
<' (i Dunbar, Santa Rosa .1 M Laughlin, S Rosa
W B Kline, Kansas City Thos J Hughes, Chicaco
H 1. Stroud «fe f, S Rosa Annie M Stroud, S Rosa
Eva Stroud, Santa Kosa ('lias Stroud, Santa Rosa
Ben Stroud, Santa Rosa Mrs S P Hart. Santa Rosa
Chas 0 Marks, Chicago Ellas Hall At , Boston
.1 T Gardner A f, Cal G P Thomas ft f. Colo
Miss P Thomas. Colo ■ James Thomas Jr, Colo
A E Young, Seattle
GRAND HOTEL.
.1 Suchell. Sacto A W Kenison, Auburn
C F Reed. Auburn S A Smith. Downeside
Dr H N Yates, Cal V W Hartley. Vacaville
B B Lyons, Stockton H '' Rising, Oregon
X C Neil, San Rafael .1 Brannish, Cal
E Brainard, Cal F Brainard, Cal
R Favor. Napa It X Oakley, Fresno
F G Hutch. San Jose Mr« Hayes. San Jose
Miss Haves. San Jose D Smith & w. Oakland
W H Hilliard, N V Mrs A Trumbull. N V
W C Holliday, Oakdale 1, Alexander, N V .
'Ihos Hall, Napa 11 Sbm^low, Guatemala
0 Haus. Hamburg .1 Inksetter. Canada
G A Inksetter, Canada J Johnson, Towles
<; L Anderson. Marysvlle C W Porter, Sacto
W H Magby, Indiana W Ulackstock. Ventura
31 11 Gage. Portland Miss t;ace, Portland
!•' Lodge, Santa Cruz B <; Chandler, Santa Cruz
.1 Tomkius, Santa Cruz H Monroe, Fresno
.1 X I 'rake. Rectlands F 1- Curtis & w. Yuma .-
A C Ross, Sacramento P H Coffuian. Red Bluff
W.l McConnell, Idaho A Bair it f. Colo * '
T H Simons, Bedding W D Tillotson, Redding
M B Terrass. San Benito .1 R HUbron, Salinas
<; D Dornin, Fulton r A Layder & w, sacto
¥ W Stan feld, Sta Cruz W (i Sheldon. Sulsun
E X Stevenot. Sonora I 1 J Jerain, Eden Valley
W .! Tenuln, Fresno (i W English. Ukiah
X E Ritchie, Salt Lake J Jennings. Watsoaville
J Kirklan.l, Aroador J B de Jarn«nt, Colusa
1 Wheeler, San Luis Obis S D Ballon, San Luis Obis
The Great Picture Books.
The two •• Alices" would not have caught
the public fancy *0 quickly ami so surely
but for Sir John Tenniei's inimitable de
signs, from which it is almost impossible
mentally to dissociate the letterpress.
"Who, without his assistance, could ade
quately have "visualized" the Mad Hatter,
or the White Queen, or Tweedledum and
Tweedldlee, or tlie Black Kitten? Simi
larly. Mr. .Lear's nonsense verces train
something from hi? erotesque illustrations,
(and what more charm inp combination ever
rooted itself in the affections of the nur
sery?) while "Struwws'peter," delightful
as the English rendering is, would be
shorn of hah its glories were SJiock-headed
Peter, or Cruel Frederick, or Johnny
Head-in-Air not presented to the eye in
their charmingly crude reds and greens. —
Blackwood's Magazine.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali^
-710 Market Street, open until 12 o'clock everj
night in the year.
BBANCH OFFICES— B3O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 O'clock.
33? Hayrs street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
sW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opet
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
IKS' PACIFIC LODGE NO isiTF. AND m
•*-*' A. M.. 121 Eddy St.— Meets THIS gk
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock: third degree. VV
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /v>
Xg 3 GOLDEN GATE LODGE. NO. 30. ft
i*-^ F. aim \. M.— Called meeting THIS Mk
(TUESDAY) EVENING, April 21, at 7:30 if V
o'clock; first degree. GEQ. J. HOBK, flee, /"^N
IPS* PARKER LODGE NO. 124,^^^^^: I
W& 1. O. (i. Initiation Tills^**^!^
EVENING. J. L. GEARY, N. G. "^"/iw^-
ll^S= OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF i>T"
">*-=> Alemania Lodge No. 8, Knights of _, TOt
Pythias, are respectfully invited to attend 3s*sjK«
the funeral of our late Brother ,<;. H. C. Jj^JT^
BECKKDORFF, on TUESDAY. April 21, at, 1:30
P. m., from his late residence. 46 Russ street.
THKO. L. MEINIIARD, C. C.
W. Daws, K. of R. and S.
£^S= A SPECIAL MEETING OF THE LA-
a^- 1^ borers' Protective Association will be
in Irish- American Hall on TUESDAY EVEN-
ING, April 21. All members in good standing are
requested to attend tq receive their working cards.
By order of EDWARD ROGERS, President.
Wm. (I'lifiNxr.l.L, Rec. Sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
I^^^Ol ICE IS~IiEREBY^IVEir^TIIAT
tir-c the Maria Kip Orphanage of 038 Folsom
street. San Francisco, Cal., has received the fol-
lowing half-orphan and abandoned girls from Jan-
uary 1 to April 1, 1896: Hazel I. Anderson, aged
18 months; Mary Rose Driscoll. aged 3 years-
Evelyn Tucker, aged 6 years: Lucy Tucker, aged
4 years: Amelia Ruth Rewsche, aged 5 years-
Lovina M. Korb. aged 10 years: Mabel S. Lien
aged 4 years; Mary M. Lyons, aged 6 years- Fan-
nie Myers, aged 3 years.
■^5= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
»-^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montxy st.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
BqS 3 WINDOWS CIJiANED AND FLOORS
** v * r scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
tamnrev guaranteed. C. Rossi & CO.. 242 Sinter.
SITUATIONS AVANTED-FE3IAI.E.
FOP. GOOD COOKS, $2o" TO $35; UPSTAIRS
. girls, infants' and children's nurses and general
housework girls of all nationalities, call, address
or telephone MISS HICKEY, 1033 Post st. ■ tele?
phone Slitter 62.
P" OSITION AS CHAMBERMAID IN HOTEL 7
good reference. MISS HICKKY, 1033 Post st :
telephone Slitter 62. . ""* !
VSOM PETfi.NT WOMAN DESIRES POSITION
\J as general housework girl: good cook; best re*.
erence^ MISS HIOKEY, 1033 Post st.
TNVA LID'S NURSE "DESIRES POSITION"
X will take care of an old lady. MISS lIICKEY*
1033 Post St.; telephone Sutler 52. '
rmvo neat no. sework girls with
X best of reference want work in city or country
>or particulars telephone or address MISS
PLUNKETT. 424 Sutler st.
/"I ERMAN SECOND GIRL, WITH THE VERY
*1 best of reference, wants situation: will assist
with children and is also a competent waitress
Address or telephone MISS PLUNKETT. 424
Butter st.
/"COMPETENT FRENCH WAITRESS AND
\J seamstress desires situation; 3 years last place
MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter st. .
MIDDLE-AGED FRENCH COOK DESIRES
-I'l situation: btst city references. MISS CUL-
LLN, 323 Sutler at. .- ..
X! •■>: ■■•:< 1 .\is~E ELDERLY WOMAN WANTS
cooking and housework: city or country -
wages $10 to »12. Address A. A., box 107, Call.
u.'idow wishes a position as house-
.»» keeper for a Rentleman. Inquire :or write
to .'24' /A O'Farrell st., downstairs in rear.
V OUNG GIRL WISHES PO.srriONAS LADY r S
X maul; can dress hafr: best of reference. - Ad-
dresn C. >*. M.. box 76, all.
rn\VO FIKST-CLASS COOKS WANT situ a -
x lions to do general housework or cooking or
housekeeping for widower: best of city reference*
Call or address 2612 or 2633 Post at. rclerences
pOMPKTENT WOMAN WANTS WORK- IS A
\J thorough cook. Call 27% Fourth st" A>laA
V OUNG GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO DO
X general housework. Please call at 1238 Fol-
Rom fU: no postals answered. a °-
pOM petknt~\vom"an~wTth~ tiik best
VJ of reference wishes situation to do nei^ral
housework in American family; good coo ]c- city
or Oakland. Call 1518 Fifth St., aland? "f • J
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WISHES LIGHT
1U housework In a far^ily of 2 or 3: no wishing-
wages *8 to $10 per month. .Address 630 Sixth
Bt., Deacon Settlement. "0 mam
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
V OUNG~GEItMAN GIRL, ARRIVED, HE-
X sires place; neat German nurse and second
girl; young Danish girl; first-class German cook,
city "or country. Apply MME. LEOPOLD, 20
Stockton st. :
WIDOW WITH BABY ONE YEAR OLD TO
t \ support wants work; is willing to do any kind
of respectable work; mending; addressing en.
! velopes: collecting; polishing silver or cut glass-
etc. Address MARTHA HARP, Station K. city.
K EXPECTABLE GIRL WISHES A SITUA-
It tion to do upstairs work and mending; no
i postals answered. 1605 Pacific st.
I / i ERMAN GIRL, USED TO GERMAN. AND
I vi American cooking, wishes a situation. 1303
j Larkln st. . - '.-- ■' . '-':,-
I /"I ERMAN WOMAN WISHES POSITION TO
I V-T do general housework and plain cooking; 13
good laundress; from $20 to $25 a month. 12
Jiausch st., between Seventh and Eighth.
WIDOW OF REFINEMENT, WITH GIRL
TT of 10 years, desires pleasant home: widowers'
family preferred, or would keep house for 'i or 3
gentlemen. Address R. G., box 93, Call Office.
VI ID~DLE-AGED LADY WISHES SITUATION
i'l to do general housework in small family. Ad-
dress MRS. W. S. X., box 62, this office.
Y OU^*O GIRL 14 YEARS OLD WISHES TO
X assist in light housework or take care of baby
in good family. Please ladies to call 643 Folsom
St., near Third.
1 RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES PLACE
Xl/ in small lamily to do washing, cooking and
general housework ; city or country. Apply 986
Howard st.
\TKAT RELIABLE YOUNG GIRL WISHES A
■!-> situation for housework; is fond of children.
Please call 468 Jessie st., near Sixth. , :'-.■;-'-
QITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
O woman to do general housework in city or
country. 9051/2 Powell st.
Y°F A " G WOMAN, HONEST AND RELIABLE,
X wishes upstairs or house work; wages 915.
Address A. S., box 91, this office.
/"I ERMAN GIRL, AGE 15, \VOULD LIKE TO
vjr mind 1 child or assist in light housework.
Apply 1336 Alabama si., bet. Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth.
YOUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION AT
X stenography, type writing and bookkeeping;
salary uo object. Address S., Call Branch Office,
713 Larkin st. __^
SMART AMERICAN WOMAN WANTS A
housekeeper's place by the day. Room 10, 433
Jessie st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES TO GO OUT
yj by the day to do sewing or housework. Ad-
dress M. SSt. t box 7, this office.
Y9UNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION DO-
X. ing general housework. Address 1772 Folsom.
SITUATION WANTED-BY AN AMERICAN
O working housekeeper: capable of taking entire
care of children and their sewing; reference: city
or country. MRS. M. C, 141-2 Cedar aye., bet.
Lark in and Polk sis.
WANTED-BY A FIRST-CLASS ENGLISH
" cook; understands all kinds French and Amer-
ican cooking: good butter-maker; best of refer-
ences; city or country. Please call at 325 sutter.
lADY A.%D GROWN DAUGHTER WISH
■i management of club, hotel or summer resort;
seaside or country: references. li. P., box 11, Call
Office, Oakland.
OUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
do general housework or second work in Oak-
land ; good references. Apply 860 Clay si., Oak-
land.
1 Y ANTED SITUATION — BY ENGLISH
" woman; country preferred. Apply 2 days 62
Natoma.
pOMPETENT SEAMSTRESS WISHES A
\J situation with a dressmaker to assist with
housework and sewing. Address S. £ box 72,
Call Office.
ARTY WILL GIVE HER SERVICES TO
invalid or family going East or Europe for fare; i
references given. Address E. L., 628y a Fulton st.
GIRL WISHES WASHING, IRONING AND
house-cleaning by the day; $1 and carfare.
Address C. box Ha, this office.
ANTED— BY SPANISH LADY, SITUA-
»' tion to take care of small children. Apply to
6 Maiden lane, off Vallejo st., bet. Stockton and
Powell.
pOMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
\J wants situation to do light housework; city or
country: small wages. Call or address 227 Minna.
r OUNG GIRL WAVIS SITUATION TO DO
X housework; city or country: willing and ob!lg-
ing. Address W. B y box 132, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN GIRL WISHES HOUSE-
X work by the day. Please call 29 Minna st.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
X take care of children. Call or address 750 Vi
Harrison st.
DAN'fsH GIRL WANTS A SITUATION AS
cook or general housework in small family;
I reference. 414 Waller st.
ELIABLE YOUNG GERMAN GIRL, SPEAK-
Ing German and English, wishes a situation to
tend counter, bakery, or do general housework;
would like to sleep home; also, a strong German
woman would like to go out by the day or by the
week to do housecleanlng and washing. Call at
266 Jessie st., upstairs.
V A RESPECTABLE SOOTCH WOMAN;
good cook; also clean washer and ironer; steady
place more object than waves; city or country.
Apply 8 to 10 a.m. 848b Folsom st, bet. Fourth
and Filth.
YOUNG LADY WOOLD LIKE POSITION AS
X. companion or to mind children with party go-
ing East: references. Y. \V., box 7, Call.
IDDLE-AGED GERMAN LAI>Y WOULD
like to take a position in a store of any kind;
has business ability; German preferred. 128V4
Seventh st. .
yOUNG GERMAN GIRi. WOULD LIKE A
X situation to do light housework in private fam-
ily. Address 716 Vallejo st.
R~ ESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
XV a place for general housework in small family.
Address 980 Harrison st.
SITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
girl for general housework or upstairs work: no
postals. Call 2633 Post St.
ELIABLE YOU.NG GIRL, SPEAKING GER-
man, wishes a situation to tend counter in
bakery or restaurant. Address R. G., box 100,
Call Office. -.
T?RENCH SEAMSTRESS, DRESSMAKER,
X understands all kinds of sewing and children's
clothes, wishes position by the day, week or
month and sleep home, and could attend as lady's
maid. Address 532 Green St., city.
BY FIRST-CLASS FRENCH COOK: ALSO
German-American and Italian cook; refer-
ences in this city. Apply at 418 Post st., in the
rear, room 9, top floor.
pESPECTABLE LADY WISHES TO TAKE
-It charge of a house during absence of family;
very best of references. Address R. W., box 76,
Call Office.
I ) h. V I NED ENGLISH YOUNG LADY DE-
Xt sires to travel to New York with lady as maid
or nurse for journey expenses; good references:
had experience. B. S., 2106 Delaware St., Berkeley.
WANTED— SITUATION AS COMPANION TO
»' young or elderly lady; or copying solicited.
Address M. D., box 89, Call Office.
WANTKD— BY STEADY, HARDWORKING
TT young widow, position as ranch cook, working
housekeeper or good hotel waitress; country pre-
ferred. Address 61 Third st., room 4.
RE NED YOUNG LADY .WOULD LIKE
XL any kind of sewing or mending. llt>9 Mission
St., room 16, second floor
CIOLORED WOMAN WANTS MENDING, OR
) would go out by the day to clean house. Call
or address 21 1 Third st., rear.
\y INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»» Market; 200 rooms;, 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
tree bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTETJ-MALE.
HU NTER~X7jaTTH I RISE AMD JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb st., below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
CIHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
Vhelp; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY &CO., 640 Clay.
PC. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
. branches :short notice. 1 4 Geary, tel.Grant 48.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
y-> office; best help. 41 4 y 3 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
RELIABLE (SWISS-GERMAN) MAN WANTS
to rent * cattle ranch on shares, or will take
charge of same for wages. Address A. H., 2135
Harrison st.
W A NTED— BY A MIDDLE-AGED MAN TO
'» care for horses and garden who thoroughly
understands his business; can milk and make
himself useful; best of reference. A. 8., box 67,
Call Office. * ' '-'-',:. " ~
YOUNG MAN, USED TO PRIVATE PLACE,
x with good references, wanting work. ; 608 Clay.
V OUNG MAN WANTS A PLACE FOR A
■*■ waiter in a restaurant or hotel ; good night
cook. Address 441 Minna st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
YOUNG MAN WILL GIVE EVENINGS FREE
J. to learn waiters' work; has some experience of
same. Address W. A., box 72, Call Office.
UTTER WANTS POSITION; ONE WHO IS
\J experienced and a practical tailor. Address
C. A., box 114, Call Office.
THIRST-CLASS CHINESE COOK WISHES A
CHUN?' wat? 7, a 2 l ) lng and 'I™ 1 "*- Address
CM. I' NO AH AH, 716 Commercial st.
WANTED - A SITUATION AS VALET\
" traveling servant or to wait on an invalid gen-
M View U^ilaggg.^ yearS ' e *^°ce.
W ANTED-A POSITION BY A GOOD HA ND V
■»V German man with best references for any
kind of work. Inquire in barber shop, 2207 Geary
pRACTICALOKCHARDIST. 15 YEARS' Ca£
X ifornia experience, open for engagement ai su-
perintendent of orchard, vines, stock and fenced
farming, or will lease on shares; A-l reference*
Address Ranch, 3121.4 Fulton st. T ' ere °ccs.
RELIABLE FIRST-CLASSMAN WANTS SIT-
nation around private place: is good driver
and understands care of horses and garden and is
bandy with tools. Address H. 11., box 93, Call.
ANTED— POSITION. BY YOUNG MAN TO
"» drive delivery wagon: well acquainted in city
good references. S. H. m., box 51, Call Office. , '
YOUNG MAN WANTS WORK; HANDY AT
X pain: Ing, whitening, paper-hanging; will work
reasonable by the day; city or country. . H. E
box t>9, Call Office. -, , , T
rpAILORS— FIRST-CLASS CUTTER. DESIRES
1 , position. H, box 89, Call Office. - J *«*-^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 1896.
WANTEP-Continued .
V NG MAN. 28, SPEAKS: GERMAN AND
X English, desires situation of am- kind; city or
country. BARON, 511 Sixth St., Oakland.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN
(German, 24) of any kind; is very handy in
carpenter work: Is sober. F. S., box 19. Call Office.
YOUNG MAN, SCOTCH, AGK 22, WISHES
X. work In store or otherwise; is experienced.
Address Willing, box 69. Call Office.
ANTED— SITUATION AS COOK OR STEW-
" ard by a German of good experience both
ashore and at sea. Address F. G., box 24, this
office.
p ERMAN WANTS WORK TO TAKE CARE
VT of horses or any kind of farmwork; city or
country. Call or address 836 Fifteenth aye., Soutn
San Francisco. ...
STEADY, RELIABLE YOUNG GERMAN, 22,
0 wishes a situation: has experience In the gro-
cery business. Address -T. PETEESEN, 821
Hampshire St., city.
TNDUSTRIOUS AND TRUSTWORTHY MAN,
X with several years' reference from last employer,
wishes situation as gardener and coachman; can
milk. D. J., box 149, this office.
yOUNG MAN, SPEAKS GERMAN AND
X English and can keep booKS, wishes work for
few hours every morning and Saturdays. 1009
Mission st. .
ARDKNER WISHES PLACE WITH PRl-
vate family; middle aged: single. Address J.
O. C, box 163, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY MAN AND WIFE;
0 husband a first-class waiter and barkeeper, wife
as assistant housekeeper orehamberwork; hotel or
boarding-house: city or country; references. C. •
£ box 114, Call Office.
STRONG YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION
as porter or to make himself generally useful
around wholesale house; best of references.. Ad-
dress A. 8., box 60, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN, GERMAN, WHO IS A
little hard of bi aring from catarrh, wants po-
sition In a hot spring or healthy country town: only
small wages; board and lodging; applicant Is a
good waiter and carpenter; or do any kind of
work: good references. Address G. D., box 91.
Call Office.
pOMPETENT HOUSE - PAINTER WITH
\J tools wants work: day or piece work; owners
furnish material; no objection to country.
Painter. 23 Pleasant st.
YV ANTED — SITUATION AS COACHMAN;
" gardener; any outside"work round private
place: experienced; best references. Address
JOHN POULSON, Station 8., East Oakland.
© 1 A A GIVEN FOR A POSITION AS NIGHT
tip LVV/ or day watchman or place in wholesale
house. Address JOHN RESTROF, 2008 Ellis st
p ERMAN, 25, WISHES OUTDOOR POSITION
vJT of any kind; best reference. H. HORNUNG,
340 Minna st.
FEMALE HELP "WANTED.
O^kT^HOTE L, '3n3NlEibT~?3^»T^H^MBER^
maid, same place, $20; cook, institution, $30;
housework girl, Martinez, $20; San Rafael, $20;
Oakland, $25; 20 housework girls, city, $20 and
$25: 8 young girls, assist, to $15. MISS CUL-
LEX, 323 Sutter st.
pOLORED NURSE. $20; SECOND GIRL, $25;
\J German chambermaid, $20; nurse, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
VI A I AND SEAMSTRESS, $25; SLEEP
■OX home. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN, COUNIRY, $10:
no cooking; fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
WOMAN AND CHILD AS HOUSEKEEPER,
_*» $IQ. Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutter st,
WOMA N , with a ILDTFOR CH AMBER-
" work, hotel, $10. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK FOR
Alameda; see lady between 12 ana 1. MISS
HICKEY, 1033 Post su
IP B ENCH OR AMERICAN LAUNDRESS FOR
country, $30; German girl for upstairs work
and car.- of children, $16; waitress for city restaur-
ant, $15 and room; girl for general housework in
Institution, $20; girl for housework, Berkeley, s2o;
green German girt for Santa Barbara, $25. C R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
\\ ' ANTED — A FRENCH OR GERMAN
" lady's maid, $25; two hotel waitresses, $20
each ; pantry girt, $30 and found; experience nec-
essary ; woman for housework in Santa Cruz, $20:
girl for housework. Martinez, $20. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Slitter st.
"WANTED-GERMAN COOK AND HOUSE-
tt work, $25: waitress, San Jose, 825; waitress,
restaurant, $5 a week : Swedish girl for housework,
$20; youusc girls to assist, $10 and $12. LEON
ANDKE. 315 Stockton.
WANTED — NURSE FOR CHILDREN, $20,
" see lady here at 10 to-day; neat girl for small
American family, no wash, $25; 2 restaurant
waitresses. $25; 2 colored girls for cooking and
housework. $20 and $25: 8 Protestant second girls,
$20, and girls of all nationalities for cooking and
housework in city and country. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 312 Sutter st.
YY' ANTED— STENOGRAPHER AND TYPE-
" writer; see party here at 10:30 to-day. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 312 Sutter st.
COOK, SMALLGEKMAN BOARDING-HOUSE.
_ $30; 10 girls. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton.
WANTED— SWEDISH GIRL FOR GENERAL
" housework; references. 1206 Mission st.
WANTED— SWEDISH OR GERMAN GIRL
'' for general housework. 600 Oak st.
GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSEWORK. AP-
ply 6 Bond St., near Thirteenth, off Mission.
GKKMAN GIRL"ASSIST~IN 7 ~HbuSEWORK.
VT 621 Halght st. •
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work ; small family good home for respectable
girl. 1311 Pacific aye., a' lamed a.
"LMNISHER ON GENTS' WHITE SHIRTS
X I 521 Valencia st.
GIRL SPEAKING GERMAN FOR COOK
and general housework; small family good
wages. 1830 Eddy st.
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work and children. 817 Treat aye.
TAILORESS ON CUSTOM PANTS. 4i13%
X Kearny st. 7 "
GIRL DO HOUSEWORK, FAMILY 2 APPLY
__ DR. HALPRUNER. 850 Market, 10 to 5.
Of ANTED- YOUNG GIKL TO ASSIST IN
"' light housework. 2111 Geary st., near Scott
pIRL WANTED ;i| LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
VT 1511 Post st.
WOMAN FOR WASHING AND CLEANING
" one day a week in return for good room and
use of kitchen if necessary. Apply this office.
Gl L WANTED FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
r work at 1717 Post 3t.
THIRST- PANTS- FINISHER; ALSO
X' apprentices. 249 Stevenson st., bet. 3d and 4th.
L IRST-CLASS GIRL FINISHERS ON LADIES'
■T cloaka. 31 7 Hayes st.
PPRENTICES WANTKD TO LEARN
shlrtmaking. 735 Guerrero st.
AT" OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK-
-1 small family. 1215 Webster st.
"IT R NCH OR SPANISH LADY TO COOK FOR
r family. 24 Dorland st.
I>TJ PILS FOR MILLINERY " SCHOOL; LE"f£
sous private or class; evening pupils special at-
tention; stylish trimming 25c. 410 Leavenwonh.
pENTLEMAN WANTS LADY PARTNER"
VT with small capital. N. G.. box 87, this office.
APPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
■tX. ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms67 and 68.
W E RB ON LADIES' AND CHILDREN^
KJ wear. 840 Market st., bet. Tenth and Eleventh.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market-
-200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week free 'bus to and from ferry. .
HAIRDRESSING. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 101essons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
RESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. MCDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
VV r INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; - 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: ♦••oe bus to and from the ferry. ,
ALE HELP "WAN D.
pOOK, REsTTuß*Ali'iT^O^JNTi^Y7njilO~A
yj week and room . woodchoppers to cut on
shares; 10 redwood tiemakers, 9 and 10c apiece-
farmhand, *10. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610
Clay st.
On EXTRA WAITEIIS~WITH DRESS SUITS
for country ho:el, free fare both ways; pastry
cook and baker for springs, $45: 2 waiters, country
hotel, $30; waiter for an institution, $30: dish-
washer for a summer resort, $25; ironer on Troy
machine, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary.
CIARRIAGE-PAINTER. COUNTRY SHOP, 82
yj to $2 50 a day: blacksmith for a camp, $1,60
a day; 2 sheep-shearers, 6c a fleece and board:
farmers, butt* r-makers, I milkers, choremen and
others. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st. - .
"I A FOUR-HORSE TEAMSTERS, $180 A
Iv day: 10 two-horse teamsters, $1 60 a day;
for railroad work; 10 laborers, city, $26 and board
C. U. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary St.
On | H I* ED WOOD TIES TO CUT, Be, 9c,
OU.UUU 10c, lie aud 12c each: tools and
food furnished by company: see boss here. MUR-
RAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
C" <OOK AND WIFE, COUNTRY HOTEL, $40"
> 3 hotel cooks, $25,535 and $65; 2 waiters,
$15 and $30; 2 ' dishwashers. MURRAY • &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
LACKSMITH, COUNTRY SHOP; . CAR-
iJ riage setter or screw turner; charcoal burner;
farmer and wife; 6 farmers; 5 laborers;' 3 wire-
nail operators. MURRAY «t READY, 634 and
636 Clay st. : .- . " ; ._■-.
1 £. 7\a(\ CORDS OF REDWOOD TO CUT.
XO.UUU 70c cord. MURRAY & RE \DY
634 and 636 Clay st, /
W' ANTED— QUARTZ MINERS, $2 50 DAY
'" • and $4 40 and board: 2 Swiss milkers for Ore-
gon, $25; 2 choremen, l. > and $20; boy lor store,
2 waiters for miners' boardinE-house. $25 to $27 50-
-hotel waiter, country, to $30, and others. -Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
1, IRSi-CLASS SA ESMAN; EXPERIENCED
1 grocer and crockery; state name of last em-
ployer and length of time; none other need apply
P. P., box 13, Call Office. ■■■.., J '
ANTED — LAW; STUDENT OR BOY IN
" law office, where type-writing and shorthand
may be learned > practically, 111 ■ return for ■ exceed-
lngly light services. Address P. L., box 89. Call.
\f AN TO WORK AROUND HOTEL AND
XU wash, dishes. EasUake Hotel, Bay ana Webster.
HELP WANTED-Continued.
WANTED— 15 SCANDINAVIANS AND GER-
»» mans handy with ax to peel tanbark, $26 per
month and board, tools furnished, steamer sails
Thursday, see boss in town; 2 woodchoppers, 4-
foot. wood, $1 25 per cord, cabin on the ground ; 2
milkers for Marin County. $20: also milkers for
Sonoma and Napa counties, $20: 2 farmers, $20;
£°ok>v waiters, dishwashers and others. W. D.
EWER <fc CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— 25 MEN MORE TO COMPLETE
" an expedition to Cooks Inlet. For further in-
formation apply BEADLE & SWF.TT, 14 Cali-
fornia st.
YV A - THOROUGHLY EXPERIENCED
" children's clothing salesman; must be flue
stockkeeper: Al reference required. RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— GOOD HEAD COOK. 43 SECOND
■■>'». street. ,■ - . ■ .• . . •••• .  ^,.
ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
WANTED — A CARPENTER. APPLY TO
»» 1118 Kearny st. *
Y\rAN 1 ed-a BOY WHO HAS WORKED at
' ' carriage painting. 820 Howard st.
TO TAILORS— FINE COATMAKERS WANT-
ed. J. GORDAN, 11-^4 Marjtet St.
GOOD VEGETABLE GARDENER FOR HIS
board and room. Address P. O. box 133,
Golden Gate. Alameda County, Cal.
olicitor wanted for GOLDEN GATE
Dye Works, 342 McAllister st.
V\T ANTED-SHOEMAKER TO BUY OUT, AT
»» cost of tools, the oldest stand In Vallejo. F. J.
LINKLE.TER.
WANTED— GOOD BARBER, 37 THIRD ST.
WANTED — STEADY BARBER. APPLY
>T 2071/2 PQlkst.
OY FOR DRIVING BUTCHER CART AT
corner Sutter and Lurkin sts. '
TRONG BOY, $3 A WKEK. APPLY 9 STE-
venson st., top loft, clothing department.
IJANIS PRESSMAN WANTED AT 458 CLEM-
. entitiast. s-.i-v--
GOOD SOLICITOR— HERMAN GOETZ, 13
VT Trinity st., off Sutter, bet. Kearny and Mont-
gomery.
BOY OR YOUNG MAN T6~LEAR~N r BARBER'S
trade. 427 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
IRST-CLASS MARKER AND DISTRIBU-
tor. Sun Laundry, 764 Seventh St., Oakland.
THIRST - CLASS WAITER WANTED. 15
A 1 Stockton st.
pOATMAKER AND GENERAL TAILOR.
V; Apply 24 Sutter st. •
A GENTS WANTED— EXPERIENCE NOT
-A. necessary; acquire rapidly after beginning
work. 303 Turk st. .
pOMPOSITOR WANTED TO-DAY. R. R. PAT- '<
VJ terson, 429 Montgomery st. '
AITER WANTED AT 516 MISSION; SOME
experience in cooking.
ESTAX7 RANT COOK WANTED AT 204
Fourth st.
RING THIS AD TO 639 KEARNY ST. AND
get a good cigar free. —v >' .
ARBERS' BOSSES' PROTECTIVE ASSOCIA-
tiou will meet at 102 O'Farrell St., to-night, 8
o'clock. All boss barbers invited to attend. By
order of the chair. J. SCHMIDT, Secretary.
\J ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
i) mem secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
re'.arv Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
ment. Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238y 3 O'Farrell.
W ANTED— STEADY MAN IN COMMISSION
" house; will pay $75 per month: cash re-
quired, $150. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third St.
-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP; FINE LOCATION;
will sacrifice, as party must leave the city. Ap-
ply at Call Office.
BARBER-SHOP: AMADOR COUNTY: GOOD
show for lair barber; $150. Apply to STOLTZ,
6KO Market st.
BARB HOP; THE OLDEST 15c SHOP IN
li the city: lately refitted ; on account of death.
See STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
GOOD BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE. COR.
VJ Twenty-first st. and Broadway, Oakland.
OB X R ,T~R USTW ORTH V MAN WITH SMALL
0 capital can secure good position as cashier, res-
taurant, this day. STKNBKH(i. 632 Market st.
ood 1-ciiAiß barber-shop for sale;
cheap rent. Jackson and Sansome sts.
ARTNER IN LIGHT, PLEASANT. PROFIT.
able, established business; small capital re-
quired; permanent position; safe investment. Ap-
ply FRASKR. 809b Mission st.
Vf USH AND MILK, SOUP, PIE, PUDDING OR
li. fruit and two kinds vegetables free with all
our 10c meals. 639 Kearny st.
OR SALE— ELEGANT BARBER SHOP; 5
X! years' lease. 131 O'Farrell st.
\\r ANTED-AT ONCE, 3 COMPETENT AIR-
" brush artists: steady work guaranteed to com-
petent men. W. McCLKLLANA SON, cor. Tern-
pie at. and Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.
JUST OPEN: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
'} Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price. sc,
10c, 15c pr nlght;clean beds.sunny rooms.no bunks
W ANTED'— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
»» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given;
catalogue mailed. »an Francisco Barber School,
1515 Howard st.
mAILOR WITH $300 TO PURCHASE OLD-
X established, first-class tailoring business in An-
gels Camp; full value in stock. Address W. H.
HIBBITT, Angels Camp, Cal. -
EJC MISSION ST.— SUNNY, .FURNISHED
U~±O rooms, from 75c up.
TVTEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
J.l 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
1 An MEN TO GET A FIRST-CLASS SHAVE
1 "-M I free. Inquire 639 Kearny st.
ASTHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
-£\- din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
I INDEL'L HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
■i.J sts. ; single furnished rms 76c week, 16c night.
IP OR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10-CENT
. meal try 13y Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
"\f EN'S %-SOLING 60c: LADiEV 40c; DONE
■LIX while yon wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
T IVK SOLICITORS FOR NEW AND HIGHLY
xJ profitable proposition; accident, health and life
insurance. Call bet. 3 & 5 p. m., or address Fidelity
Mutual Aid Association, 316 California, room 18.
CALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
) cheapest repairing done. 959 Howard St., nr.
Sixth.
E.ST PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes: great reduction on account of other busi-
ness. 129 Sixth st. This business for Kale.
ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
*» cry St., clerks and . laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts. :
Ay HAT CHKKITIToUSK, 629 SACRAMENTO
'» St.: 200 rooms: best in the city- single rooms
20 and 26c a night,, 81 a wpek: meals 10c.
BEST IN CITY— SING 1 E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, *1 50 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
YY ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st,; 150
largo rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
"I i1 A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
X\'\J and 20c a night, including coffee and roll*
6^4 Washington st., near Kearny. ,
MEN'S SOLES, 60c; HEELS. 25c: DONE 15
minutes, while you wait. 635 Kearny st.
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR"
' ' your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
i at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
562 Mission st,, between First and Second sts.
KOSED A LK HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
20c to 50c night; $1 10 »4 week: open all night.
\ I EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i'l all grocers keep it.
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863i/j MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60a night; $1 to $5 week.
ATTO'S LAW AND COLLECTION AGENCY
XXi Prompt collections; references. 512 Montg'y.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus 10 and from the ferry. ' : - - :
\\T ANTED— COLLECT WAGES DUE
*» laborers and clerks. KNOX Collection Agency,
110 Sutter st. ■>..-' • . ■
11 1 REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOIi 6c;
A alsoabottl «of lager, sc. at 637 Clay st. <
'PRY ACME HOLSK, Hal MARKET ST., BE-
A low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. . :
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. , 36 Cluv St.
, . AGENTS '; WANTED.
AGENTS. MAKE $3 A DAY WITH OUR
• goods: male or female: city or country: call or
.send 12 cents for samples and terms. Pacific Man-
ufacturing 1 ompuny, 826 Twenty-first St., Oakland.'
PARTNERS .WANTED:
J'RUITSTORE — PARTNER .WANTED; AN
A unmarried and sober man with a small capital.
2425 Twenty-third st,, near Shotwell.
WANTED-MISCELLA3SEOUS.
}?IRST^C^S^"TvEI?T7sT~~WA^^S^TOnKX^
change dentistry for furniture. D., box 105,
this office. ,
SKLL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
O Plrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postal. '
ATTOKNEYS-AT-lAW. !
A UyiC^^EE^3lV6l^E'LXvvT~A^P^C^
- cx alty; private; no charge unless snecessful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market.
MJ. NOLEN, ATTORNEY-AT-LaW. 719
1U... Market St.; advice free. ; ■ - : -■■' : -V :
T J. MURRAY, ATT' Y AND COUNSELOR AT
A . law : advice free, j24 Sixth st., rooms 14. 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 420
• California at., rooms 14 and 15; advice free.
, PERSONALS. . : '
TNFORMATION THE ADDRESS
X or information- of ALICE ALLISON (or KL-
LISON); maiden name ALICE PROG last beard
of in Fresno, Cal. Address D, BRUNS, guardian,
Emeryville, Alameda County, Cal.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
-rx cialty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market st
/Wanted— old gold for manufactur-
/' Ing. NOLTE, jewelerand watch, 222 O'Farrell.
L> UY YOUR DRESS GOODS, TABLE LINEN,
• ' lace curtains, towels, hosiery, underwear, para-
sols, corsets, emDroidery, laces, buttons, linings,
threads, handkerchiefs, veiling, etc., very cheap at
Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
A N ENGLISH LADY, FROM LONDON, WILL
■"■ show her American sisters, FREE, how to
obtain and preserve a lovely complexion. 143
Phelan building, from 12 to 5.
DON'T THINK BECAUSE MY PRICE— 2SC-
is cheap for halrdressing, that the work is also
cheap; I guarantee up-to-date service. LEDERER,
111 Stockton st.
"CURE-ESCAPE NOTICES ARE REQUIRED
■*- by law; Hill makes them. 22 Geary st.
ICTURE FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9
■L inches, 10c: Bxlo and 10x12. 15c: 11x14 and 12
xl 6, 20c; 14x17, 25c: 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 35c; tiOx
24, 45c; 22x28 inches. 60c. JONES, 547 Mission.
© I A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
*S)X floor. 206 Leavenworth si.
HPEMPLE OF BEAUTY, 923 MARKET ST.,
-i- opposite Mason— California laurel hairdye and
removing superfluous hair s|:ecia!ties.
BR- F. PANCOAST, DENTIST. REMOVED
from Phelan bldg to 6 O'Farrell, cor. Grant aye.
"OIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
ILL T. VALENTINE..MERCHANTTAILOR,
_ " removed from 9 Powell st. to 516 Geary st.
MAUD— THE COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
Office 43 Slitter St., phone main 49. SAM.
T"|R. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM
XJ 227 Geary to V.M.C. A. bld?,r. 2,tel.main 6477.
V LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
XJ Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200
rooms, 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus to and from the ferry. '->■:;
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash ; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
TRY TUSCAN SPRING MINERAL SALT FOR
X catarrh. 132 Sixth st., room 2.
C CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
VJ for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Paper-hanging Company, 635 McAllister St. ;
OJbD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partlugton.R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
rpilE ECONOMY" MILLINERY. RED FRONT.
A 40, 46 Sixth: children's school hats 5c. ; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
1 i \f\f\ CARDS, $1 50: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
X \ I\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary St., r. 39.
LMJURQUIN'B CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
x> instant, relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutter st
lIBEPvAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
-I elry, etc. : lowest rates. 848 Market st.
pLOAKS, CAPES ANI> SUITS RETAILED AT
VJ mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Snnwomw St.. iinstnlM.
DRESSMAKERS.
: J WR APPERS~3S CENTS iTF;
XJ lawn SI up. 6053,4 Natomn St.. above Sixth.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
figi on YiNE^O^rTgllt' PIANO, SPLEN-
<uJA. OU. did tone: bargain. 115 Seventh
SOLD AT A SACRIFICE— UPRIGHT
0 piano; make offer. 614 Willow aye., off La-
guna st.
MNE STEINWAY PIANO SACRIFICED AT
-F once by party forced to sell. See it at room
10, 809 Market st.
UY A NEW PIANO for $200; second-
hand uprights, $150. At MAUVAIS', 769
Market st. ' ,
tpOR ELEGANT UPRIGHT PIANO AT
a great sacrifice: can be seen until 1 o'clock
p.m. 522 Sutter st. .
SHAW, $425: STEINWAY, $215: SQUARE,
$25; rented $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
1 DECKER BROS., BTEIN WAY, FISCHER AND
1 ' other first -class makes of pianos: little used:
cheap for cash or on enay terms. KOiILKR <&
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell >t. -
EA V TERMS; LOW PRICES. KOHLER &
CHASE. -
MAGNIFICENT GRAND UPRIGHT, $126;
l'-l sold to cover advances; Stoddart maker. WM.
G. BADGER, 26 O'Farrell st..rm. 1; lake elevator.
<J> "I or EASTERN UPRIGHT 3-STRINGED
QlOtJ. Weber; $350. BRUENN, 22S Post st.
mjiOC UPRIGHT PIANO: GOOD CONDI-
tS)X£O. tion; cash or installments. 106 Me-
Allister st. •
info"- PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
ir^OO. 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
LL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money; investigate these prices and be con-
vinced: the new seven-bar autoharp $6; the five-
bar autobarp $4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the Drlze-winner guitar
$3 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, 847 50;
elegant new upright pianos In any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187; one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market st,, Spreck-
el's building.
P~ laNOS— $90, $100, $150: GREAT BAR-
gains. MAUVAIS' 769 Market St.
pELEBRATED HAINES BROS., BUSH &
\J Gens and Knabe p anos; being overstocked
wholesale prices will rule during the next 30 days.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post St., S. F.
A RRIVKD— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIOH-
A grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st.
WM. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL, ROOM 1,
»" first floor; sole agents Hallet & Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or Installments.
pONOVER PIANO: AS GOOD AS NEW;
V^ great sacrifice. The 1\ W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
WHICKERING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell.
©17c CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
«lpl I upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER,
Newby A Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
QUPERTOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD & NEW
0 H. MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
P;heapest AND best IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI 50, post-
age free. .■
HORSES.
I^?oX^AiLFrT'HEA^^o^3r7^mß^E~^ND
. wagon: nearly new; trial. 859 Mission st.
T ADY WANTS SINGLE FOOTER BROKE TO
X-i saddle and harness; sound and gentle; cbean.
L. W.. box 20, Call Office.
HKALY'S STOCK-YARD, 1701 HARRISON
cor. 13th St., WM. LOCK . Manager. Just
arrived, one car ot very fine horses: weigh from
1200 lbs to 1400 lbs: several matched teams; 1
carriage team, well matched, color dark brown,
stand 16V2 bands high, ago coming 7 years old,
sound, kind and gentle for a lady to drive".
jn UORBES FOR sale; also WAGONS,
"" buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st,; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
lA| i SETS SECOND- HA N D "li AR N K 9B ; ALL
i"' ' kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheaD horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRC U- 1
lar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY,. SELL OR EX-
X change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will find it to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary and I Leavenworth sts. : auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
proprietor. S. ATKINS, auctioneer.
1 C A SETS NEW A.nD SECOND-HAND HAR-
XU\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
teou for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital. 121 City Hall aye.: tplpnhone kou'.li 401.
i'ok SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
$% > i3^-l : o7yr^ou^EßTß^cirßA^ANi)
({p^V-f. mirror. 254 Brannan st. :■■■;■
©On • GOOD AS NEW; f7O DOMESTIC BEW-
<IPOv/. ing-machine. 191 j Mission st,
WHEEL— WATER-POWER, AS GOOD AS
" new, complete, $30.: 908 Broadway.
THIRST-CLASS SIDEBOARD FOR SALE
X* cheap. Inquire 131 Third st.
"VTEW SIBLKY TENT (60 FEET) AT A BAR-
-t-l gain. Address T., box 97. this office.
OILERS,ENGINES,2D-HANDMACHINERY,
waterpipes Mclntosh «fc Wolpman, 137 Beale.
SEALSKINS AND PIANOS FOX SALE; HALF
O store prices. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grunt aye.
DV AMO E.NGINE, BOILER AND A LOT OF
tools, cheap. 516 Mission. - .;-■..■•■
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI-'
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's ! pro-
fit, California Rattan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission
USE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
bitters In market: buy your wines, liquors, eta, ■
at Bonanza Wine Vaults; free delivery city. Oak-
land. Alameda. PUTZMAN & SCHURMANN,
prop.. 341 Pine,' cor. Montgomery: phono red 391.
i^UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER", . SASHKS
IJ doors, mantels, eta, for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st.
PIKE AND BURGLAR SAFE,. LETTER-
X press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay.
TVTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
XV hand. : W. S. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st. ■,'.:
pOUNT X R 8, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
\^- bought »nd «ald 1121^ Market bet. 7tnandttttt
BICYCLES.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS^TO i.Et7
best accommodations. Terminus ' Geary, Mc-
[Aiuater and Powell st. car lines. • ■ -
BUSINESS . CHANCES.
fflT£f^~B~A~R G Tn^ DELICACY^AJJD
«IP«J«Jv/. produce business, with horse, wagon
and route: cheap at $800: finely fitted; large
stock; 4 rooms. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Mar-
ket st. - ' ■ ■ ' •
99 ' MARKET-STREET SALOON: FINE
WtU&Ot place : pays w^ll ; must sell on account of
sickness: snap. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market.
CT'OAA BIG BARGAIN; PAYING COFFEE
jJiZiUv. saloon: vicinity Sixth an( Ma-Kef
worth $500. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market!
©1 Ann CORNER GROCERY: RECEIPTS
tJIiUU. $1300 month; full value in stock and
fixtures: rent $40; rooms. BARRETT & SKIFF
921 Market st. j _^^^
$2000--— —$2000-— _____
BAKERY— AT A SACRIFICE.
Must be sold this week. . Ketiring
STENBERG CO., 632 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
(TO <Qr CORNER SALOON; CITY FRONT-
*iptr_iU. privaterooms; big lunch during day-
full value stock, fixtures: disagreement pnrtner-
ship only reason- for selling. STENBERG CO.
632 Market st. 2: "•:
<Jtl Af\l\ HALF INTEREST WELL-ESTAB-
t]pX'iUl'. lished cash business; best location;
clearing over $125 each; has trade of most lead-
ing hotels and business houses: remaining part-
ner responsible business man: full investigation
allowed. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market st.
<J» t lOff CORNER CIGAR-STORE, TRANS-
fj)«~— ««J. fer point; sells account of old age; will
prove paying business: present owner four years;
big bargain. SI ENBEKG & CO.. 632 Market.
Vj> I r, A PROVISION-STORE; GOOD STOCK
«35u:UU. and fixtures; cheap rent: business will
satisfy any reasonable buyer; sacrificed this week
for reason explained. STENBERG & CO., 632
Market st.
<3J97fv RESTAURANT; BEST LOCATION;
tJpZi I O. good stock, fixtures: established many
years; business speaks for Itself; sacrificed this
day; make offer. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market.
SACRIFICE-PAYING RESTAURANT ON
Kearny st.: receipts $20 to #25 dally; low rent;
make offer. JOHNSTON. 26% Kearny.
<mrrrk A No. 1 RESTAURANT; BIG BAR-
ig)*J<J\J. gain; very central: receipts $30 daily;
low rent. JOHNSTON &. CO., 26% Kearuy st.
(FjO^A PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS;
is)^nJ\J. established over 10 years; guaranteed
to clear *20 weekly to each. 26% Kearny st.
ANTED— YOUNG MAN FOR BAKERY IN
Oakland: good wages: must have $125 cash.
Apply JOHNSTON <& CO., 261/2 Kearny st.
TV" ANTED— STEADY MAN AS PARTNER IN
** paying wood and coal yard; must have $150
cash. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearuy St.
<n» ,\(\f\ CANDY - STORE AND FACTORY;
ts-l\J\J. fine bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market.
QjCAA RESTAURANT; FINE LOCATION;
tIPUUU. DECKER, 10-0 Market St.
©'■^fW^n SALOON— BEST IN THE CITY;
iT>O\J\)\J. exchange for real estate. DECKER,
1020 Market.
7A A GROCERY AND BAR; FINE COR-
1 \J\J. ner; offer wanted. DECKER, 1020
Market. .., ; -;.. -^
■VTOTICE -to SELL YOUR BUSINESS
-i-i promptly for cash. HEALY CO.. 23 Kearny.
OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER LIQUOR
store; business of $30 per day: trial before
purchasing. Apply HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
C? 190 GROCERY, BAKERY AND VA-
♦iPJ^jv/. riety store; kept by present owner 6
years: rooms: bargain. lIEALY & CO., 23 Kearny.
<fl?OwA WOOD, COAL, HAY AND FEED
«JP«JUV7. business for sale; 30 stalls, 3 horses,
wagons; cheap at $600. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny.
0; QOO BUTCHER BUSINESS FOR SALE
'JTOvU. at the Mission: all cash trade; clearing
$75jper month. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS RIGHT AWAY-
J- see or send to - STANLEY. 21% Third st.
(&CAA DELICACY STORE; SPLENDID
tjpijvv/. business; large stock: fine fixtures:
suit man and wife or 2 ladies. STANLEY, 21% 3d.
GiO^n CIGARS, NOTIONS, ETC. : LOW
<lD£i*J\J. rent; bargain. STANLEY, 21% Third.
0* IXO PARTNER WANTED IN GOOD PAY-
WXU\J. Ing business. STANLEY, 21 V 2 Third.
<S:A (\(\ RESTAURANT WORTH $850; FINE
XP^l<J\J. location: good, steady, profitable trade;
a snap; to see is to buy. STANLEY, 21% Third.
rr'o BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
J. of any kind seeGUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
Q9~A GROCERY AND BAR: NO. 1 LOCA-
<IP_UU. tio : full value in sight; pays well;
good living-rooms. GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
<jj>QPvO FRUIT, NOTIONS, CANDY, ICE
©«<-'"• cream, coffee and lunch parlor: fine lo-
cation; building included. GUSSrRAND,46Third.
0?v)w0 CORNER SALOON NEAR MARKET:
<\p6*U\J. good living rooms: cheap rent: pays
well; sure bargain. OUS STRAND. 45 Third st.
QiA^n BAKER Y; GOOD TRADE; HORSE
<3)i:U\J, and wagon. GUS STRAND. 45 Third.
ffljP^O GROCERY AND BAR; PAYS WELL;
IiDVKJV. offer wanted. GUS STRAND, 45 Third.
RESTAURANT-NO. 1 LOCATION; GOOD
\> paying place: well fitted up: best reason for
selling: price reasonable. GUS STRAND 45 Third.
(ft! C A PARTNER WANTED IN BUTCHER j
iuJJ-*J\J. shop; clears per month each; expe-
rience unnecessary-. GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
Q»l 1 FIRST-CLASS SALOON NEAR
«;P-L J. iJXJ. Baldwin Hotel: trade of $25 per day ;
2 entrances: 5 privaterooms: handsomely fitted up;
cheap at $2000. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
FOR SALE-CHEAP; CIGAR-STORE AND
fixtures: $100. STRAND <fe CO.. 45 hlrd st.
BRANCH BAKERY AND VARIETIES; SUN-
-> ny furnished rooms. STRAND & CO. 45 Third.
ffljQOO COBWEB GROCERY AND BAR,
<SPU\J\J. with living-rooms: full value in stock;
rent $25: kept by present owner 8 years: rare
chance. Call WILKE&WOLF, 531 California, r. 4.
TF YOU WANT- to sell or buy a bcsi-
i- ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
900 CIGAR-STAND; GOOD LOCALITY;
*$p-*\J\J. cheap rent; stock invoice near amount
asked: Investigate this place, T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye.
Q> 1 000 PINE saloon; doing NICE
1 UVjyj. business: junction of car lines: cheap
rent and fine saloon investment; investigate thjs
bargain if you want a saloon business. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
W? QOO CIGAR-STAND: BIG STOCK : CH P
U\J\J. rent; on one of the finest business cor-
ners in San Francisco: see this bargain. T LU-
BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ft 1 £00 FIRST-CLASS CASH CORNER
<pj-OW\J. grocery and bar: guarantee receipts
$500 to $600 per month; will sell at invoice price;
trial given; investigation allowed to suit buv-fr-
all new stock on hand. PROLL & LLOYD 719
Market st.
(ft fi-SO CORNER GROCERY AND BAR. ONE
•TTUOU. block from City Hall; living-rooms:
Rent $35; good business: must fell: family
trouble. Inquire WILKE & WOLF, 631 Califor-
nia, room 4. . ■
C?97^ GOOD-PAYING SALOON: CHEAP
tjp.^l O. rent; rooms. HEGARTY, 1004 Mar-
ket st.
<B»1 7k CIGAR STAND; GOOD CORNER-
*S>± I O. full value. HEGARTY, 1004 Market st!
BAKERY, NOTION AND CANDY-STORE •'
opposite school. B. N., box 27, Call. ' '
"R*Sln V RAN £ OR SALIi AT A SACRIFICE;
X\j $250, in Rosa; best location in town- 6
private boxes and main room of 7 tables- A No' 1
ran::!-: all cooking utensils, cutlery, dishes, tables
chairs and everything necessary for carrying 011
box^sama^fc-a?: * W t» rticai ™ «**-
I^oo FINK ASH GROCERY; NO BAR."
splendid location; doing good busi-
ness: reasons for selling. HICKOK & CO., 873%
.^7f)o s ALOON; OLD ESTABLISHED COR-
iP • O\J. mi in the Western Addition; ladies and
gents tamale cafe in the rear; doing a good busi-
ness : fair stock; departure cause for selling; trial
CARPENTER-SHOP, ONE OF THE FINEST
\J in the city, low rent, with benches, band saw
$£U.WSffi? saw: price $350. '£&£%
\X A ?iu l l~J? BUY AN INTEREST IN AS
n established business, by a young man who will
take an active part In its management; no p llquore
Address with particulars K. H., box 165 Call
$1500. ?g°SSi I 5 0 -;S2S?e
PARTNER WITH $50 TO RUN" LODGINO-
■t house and saloon.. Apply 2413 Twenty-fourth
•ftV^O SAIjOOV and LrvcH-cuivrv »
POR^ALE CHEAP-BUTCHER SHOP ix
-P good locality. Apply H . M., b^x 55. CaUOfflw
QOOD BUSINESS FOR SALE FOR **<
VJ downtown. ( :all 722 Howard 1 rl 9 160 '
yOR SALE-BRANCH BAKERY AND
J tionery-score: must be sold to-day. 326 Nintt"
pOALYARD-CHEAP; NICE UOUSF inw'
\J yard; horses, wngons. scales etc -in^i X H
low rent. A pply Call Office ' ' ° Dg leaBe:
gSSsSESSSm
(JANDY STORE FOR-SAI^r^^FHTRDST.
pARTNER WANTED WITH SMALL C\PI
tor, marble-Top^ c"c ° d ° 8ell: «*"««*
tor, marble-Ton. i?« OWD , er must sell: refriKer»-
pood-payitiu tnSi. i : 1 J Ol pnce of fixtures :
Berkeley g J- J - Ma SON, Real Estate,
Lmrst-'cl^s~bT"sTnf7ss~Tnrunnin(j()r
_- "'"■ Apply fa>4 Sacramento st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued. - ■
•\roTicE to"buyers and sellers— thk
US old well-known and reliable office of <;ki>.
STEWART, general real estate and bnsiness
agent, formerly of 632 Market St., has resumed
business at 602 Market St., Crocker building,
downstairs: business opportunities, i lodging-
houses, city and country real estate, bought, sold
and exchanged: partnerships negotiated, eta
<£1 flrfl ON ACCOUNT OF TOO MUCH
«JPJ-U "I/, business for proprietor to handlealone,
one-half of most popular, best-paying uptown
livery and boarding stable in this city is offered for
sale at a great sacrifice; 20 first-class boarders; 15
horses, buggies, hack, coupe, wagons, carts, har-
ness, robes, etc. : best in the market; clears $2J>O
per month; incoming partner to take charge of
office, collecting, look after help, etc: this, is a bar-
gain at $1600: investigation invited. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market st., Crocker building,
downstairs.
POX SALE — A G >OD-PAYING CANDY-
J- store; established 12 years; best locality; long
lease; clearing ove $100 a month: rare chance for
moderate investment; full investigation allowed.
See owner at '-'2 sixth st.
ARK CHANCE — WILL SELL HALF OR
whole interest in a well-established seed and
florist business in Oakland; will bear invest
tlon. Address W. J., Call Office, Oakland. - --, ■ f - :
S~~ ALOON; GOOD CENTRAL LOCATION. AD-
dress P. S., box 67. Call Office. . •,
A PER ROUTE FOR SALE: IN SPLENDID
location. Apply Route, box 82. Call Office.
pARTNER— FURNITURB AND STORAGE-
•*- good business: great bargain. 414 McAllister.
HA I DRESSINGBCSINESS FOR SALE: NRI
Baldwin Hotel. Address 11., box 105, Call.
BA RGAIN — GOOD-PA "i iN G CORNER SA~
loou and lodging-house in business part of city-
present party conducting business for twelve
years: reason for selling, death in family. Apply
thl3 office. ■ * ;"'
HAVING GONE IN DIFFERENT BUSINESS
I offer my old-established place, the Mocha
Cafe, for sale very cheap, for cash or installments.
621 Montgomery st. or 236 Sutter.
IADY OF MEANS DESIRES GENTLEMAN
■t partner with $50 capital. R. 22, 105 Stockton.
pASHIER WANTED— LADY OR GENT, IN
V.' a safe and legitimate business: must invent
$1500: well secured. Address Cash, box 44. Call.
ft '^rifilZl ELEGANT grocery-, magmfi-
»U)»JuUU. cent trade ; 2 teams. Address G., box
128, this office.
T OCKSMTTHS! CALL AT 1740 MARKET ST.'
-L^ if you intend to start business or buy tools.
See this anyway before Wednesday. ■
GROCERY AND BAR: TRANSFER CORNER.
VJ Apply this office. No agents.
LADY DESIRES GENTLEMAN PARTNER
with $25; paying proposition. 12 Mason, rm. 2.
S" ALOON TO LET, FIXTURES AND 2 FUR-
nished rooms; rent $20. 350 Brannan st.
EGARDLESS OF COST, ■ FINE RESTAU-
Xt rant; location very good. Apply Call Office.
Cash PAID FOR ALL KINDS of grocer-
J ies and other merchandise; city or country.
Address R, box 161, Call Office. "":"•■•
p ROCERY. BAR. NEW STOCK, NICE FIX-
\J tures; long established; with 4 sunny rooms;
whole house, rent $20. must sell at once; small
capital. Call at this office.
FOR RENT— IN EXCHANGE FOR BOARD,
fine dining-room of large hotel. Apply 921
Broadway. Oakland, room 10.
ARE CHANCE— A FINE GROCERY. BAR
and cigar store for sale: splendid location;
cause of sale must leave for north. 444 Van Ness.
TOOK OP POULTRY RANCH, CLOSE TO
Oakland; 500 pure-bred fowls hatched from
prize stock; horse and wagon, incubators, brooder,
bone and feed mills and tools; large Income from
sale of eggs for hatching; long lease; low rent, E.
HILL, Donohoe building.
HE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME— BUSINESS
9 years established: must be sold, on account of
sicKness: rent cheap. Apply 106 Turk street.
CjlO'A BLACKSMITH AND WAGON
♦IP-L — O\J. shop, doing a good business of from
$350 to $500 monthly. Apply JOSEPH J.
MASON. Berkeley station. ■■■• .■-.;-,
I^OR SALE— GOLD MINE. ADDRESS G. M..
JT box 92. Call Office. ',
ojq7P: saloon, 913% market st.;
'JOI J. lease; trial given if desired; satisfac-
tory reasons for selling. Apply bet. 12 and 3 p. m. ;
no agents. •
CjOXA SAMPLE-ROOM CLOSE TO CABLE-
«iI)«0Ov/. house and transfer point; 1 block from
Market St.; rent $18: bargain; must sell to-day.
WILKE A W0LF. 531 California, room 4.
LUNCH-HOUSE FOR SALE IN BEST hi).
JU cality of city; 5c and 10c lunch with beer or
coffee: no knowledge of business necessary: only
part of payment required. Further particulars
614 Clay st.
ffi»9KA PARTNER: BUSINESS REQUIRES
<iP£.U\J. two owners: clear $73 to each and in-
creasing; easy terms to right party; full value.
Address Genuine, box 33, Call Office.
pHANCE FOR SMART WOMAN; SWELL
\J boarding-house; fine appearing eard»n; choice;
central; owner board. 203 Taylor street.
©OXO MILLINERY PARLOR ; 3 YEARS
<5?«- O\J . established: central location; light, airy
rooms; rent low : good reasons for selling. M.. box
9. Call Office. Oakland. ■
SALOON FOR SALE: LOW KENT; LONG
lease. Apply Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacifi»sU j
<3? 9OK CIGAR-STAND ON MARKEr ST.;
<PO^ic). location good. 873% Market st., rm. 2.
I-»OR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR CHEAP.
1 721 Polk st.
fIjOXA CIGAR-STAND AND LAUhDRTp'
<tSDjLO\J. office; cheap rent; laundry clears $25
a month: good location. Call at 243 Fourth st.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THH
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United states or Canada one year for $1 50, nostr
»i:e free.
LODGING-HOUSES FOII SALE.
1 O ROOMS: NlciTTaoME- CLEARS~S4O;
X *—» $350.
20 rooms: best corner on Geary: part cash.
110 rooms; a money maker; $1200.
45 rooms; corner; positively clears $200; cost
$8000; selling to close an estate; $1600.
A. M. SPEi X A CO., 602 Market st. .
A 4- room r/i"nr:i\'(;.Hni-gp j
PRICE $700— WORTH $2000. -
19-room house-on sutter st.; payments $1100
12-room house on Mason st 275"
20 rooms on Fourth st., only goo
16 rooms on Taylor st ." " 750
46 rooms on Marlce: st , " 25011
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
LODG ING-HOUSE OF 12 ROOMS, NEAR
Kearny st. ; steady roomers; very cheap for
cash; low rent. STRAND <fe CO., 45 Third st.
AROAIN-HOU.SE OF 8 ROOMS; ALL"
J> rented. 325 Fourth st. £■_£%»; :•; ■■.= -
T ODGING-HOUSE: MUST BE SOLD ON AC-
X-i count leaving city; clearing $3f» a month-
price $250. Addres C, box 3, Call Office.
RESPECTABLE ROOMING-HoUSE OF 38
> rooms; clears $150 per month. Address owner,
and save agent's commission, 1215 Broadway
Oakland. ■ *.' .
FUKNITUKE FOR SALE. ":: -.'
pOTTAGE TO LET AND PART OF FURVI-
\J ture for sale. Call bet. 1 and 2 o'clock, 608
Ellis st.
17« IRE SALE ! \ '• " — ~
-C Prices stand till goods are completely dis- i
posed of. ; ,.-;<
Oak bed sets.. tio sn •
Bed lounges "* 8 5jJ
stoves ";;;; 750 ,
Carpets, per yard "55/
Linoleum, per yard 55 '
Matting, per yard... •••.- * 10
Till our new building Is erected these* prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
nt SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOON AN.
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BKD-
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 773 Mission.
A(\n CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS, $11;
tv/V stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beda,
$10; bed-ionnges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY lIS 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW • *7 5 '
t: JBedlounges trimmed with plush Wad
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
English Linoleum laid 4Oonp
•Window shades in s colors 250 up \
SHIREK cfe SHIRE K. 747 Market St.. opposite
ram avenue: no branch stores. _^^^_^__^^
FUKNITIBE WANTED.
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI^
-1- ture and merchandise see BURD, -11 Lark 111.
Wanted - second-hand furniture
»> for country: pay good price. 7 City Hall are.
KFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co.. 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOCR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tel. Jessie 761.
ALL ON J. C MUTHER, 521 KEARNY, IP .
L' you want highest cash price for your furniture,
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.
MA LONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MOKES
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country •
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth »L
CAKPET CLEANING.
HBN~YOU BECOME DisG^STEITwiTH
poor wont send to spa ULDI Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tebama sU; tel. 80. 40.
/-ionkllvsTa BEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
ONES CO. CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth,
/-» REAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-
VT ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth at. B. Obant.
CITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
V ting. 88 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
GREAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
VI ing works; latest improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.ofhce 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 253!
pARPETS CLEANED, 3c PER YARD; KE-
\J laid. 6c per yard. S. STRATTON, IP Eighth.
CARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
) like new. , FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth- tel.
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. -.'lO
O . 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REX-
• 0 vat ing work* 463 Stevenson; Ml. south 223,HOUSES TO LET.
"fT» FIVE SUNNY ROOSTS; 8ATH?~624
Oil). Locust aye. Laguna st, nr. McAllister.
I>F. 2-STORY HOUSE; STABLE; 9 ROOMS;
bath: modern Improvements; reasonable rent
to right parties. 018 Fell st.
mo LET — AN ELEGANT NEW MODERN
I house: 9 rooms, bath and finished basement;
3419 Jackson at.: marine view: rent reasonable.
WILL E. FISHER <fc CO., 34 Post st.
rPO LET— A THOROUGHLY RENOVATED 9-
X room bouse; modern plumbing; porcelain bath-
tub: illed sink. Anply at premises, 3630 Sacra-
rr.cuto et., betwet-n 8 a. m. and 6 p. m.
9-STORY HOUSE; 8 ROOMS AND BATH:
■». modern improvements. 1223 Golden 1 Gate are.
VLEOANr SUNNY HOUSE" 8 ROOMS;
XJ^ large basement; reasonable. 814 McAllister.
9Q LAFAYETTE- HOUSE OF "8 ROOMS,
•— •7 bath; wash trays.
"I -TAT JONES, NEAR BROADWAY -FOUR
J \J I sunny rooms; rent $14.
QJX 1731 BROADWAY, NR. GOUGH ST.—
lv. House 8 rooms, with every convenience:
marine view.
7 OHNER ELEVENTH AND MINNA— TWO
V flats, 6 :>nd 11 elegantly frescoed rooms, baths:
all auqny; SO and $37 50; water paid by tenants.
•< 1 ft HOUSE 6 LARGE BOOMS AND YARD.
CIU. 917 Treat aye.; ■
\\ r & KENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
'» treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
Mi'XD. 10 .Montco'ii/rv <•■ ■ ' ■
. FUBJTIBHED HOI SKS.
FOR SALE — FURNITURE OF 8 SUNNY
x rooms and bath : rooms all rented: cheap for
cash. Address F. F., box 44. Call Office. - .
FURNISHED FLAT, 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
X reasonable. 116 a Fourteenth at.
1 OAQ t.OLDKN GATE AVK.— UPPER flat
1 OUO to let; furniture and carpets for sale; rea-
sonable.
COTTAGES TO LET.
C^NNY S-ROOM « OTTAGeT^LEASANTLY
O *ltu<it*d; rear of 1615 Grove St., near l.yon.
OTTAGE: 4 ROOMS; MODERN IMPROVE- j
\J ment-.; «iuniiy yard; large cellar. 1831 O'Farrell.
pOTTAGE 4 SUNNY ROOMS; BASEMENT:
\J large yard; water free: lVa blocks south from
■ terminus 29th-st. cars. 31 Harper St.; rent $10.
• pOTTAGE 3 KOOMS,~BATIT; RENT $14.
\J 1503 Lyon St., bet. Bush and Slitter.
Q9^ COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS, BATH; STABLE
O — •-'• in rear street. 2617 Sacramento st.
COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS; BATH; FINE BASE-
ment and yard. 737 Treat aye.
pOTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS TO LET; 1805 ELLIS
"L k:. Inquire 1221 I.aguiia st
SUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
bath; basement: yard. Cor. Dolores and 15th.
jn»l C 2050 JONES ST., BUT. UNION AND
OX". Filbert— Noat cottage 4 rooms and bath.
Apply to C. 8. CAPP & CO.. 413 Montgomery St.,
H«)iii-»-brokers and Heal Estate Agents.
FURNISHED FLATS]
COM N V HAX DSOMEIiY FU li X 1 sl l )•: 1 1 FLCtOR
0 of 4 rooms, bath, etc; suitable for family or
fhvßlclan: reasonable. 913 Polk st.. nenrfioary
FLATS TO LET.
UPPER FLAT~OF~S ROOMS; BASEMENT:
1 cheap rent. 223y 3 Linden aye.
Q-1 7 NEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT: B LIGHT
««*?1 I « rms.: bath: gas: tubs. 909 Folsom, nr. sth
T?LA T OF 4 ROOMS, 410 HARRISON, $12, IN-
X I eluding water.
FLAT OF S ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
X- housekeeping. $15. 1087 Howard st.
"VTEW 3 AND 4 ROOM FLAT; 810 AND $11.
xi 8 and 10 Lunssatt aye., near Haight and Fill-
more sis. ■.*•
1 90^i GOUGH— ANT UPPER FLAT OF
mm\J*J 7 room 8 and bath .
"I "I QQ HOWARD ST.-NICE FLAT, 4 ROOMS;
X. XOO cheap rent.
Ql 9 £»O. ONLY— S BOOM*. WITH STABLE ,
<lTli.i"U for 3 horses: 308 Utah st., near Six-
. teenth. BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Moutgom
try st.
Q1 O NICE NEW FLATS; 734 FOLSOM
<p 10. St., near Third. • • ::
$18— 5-room flat; 11 Webster st., near Waller.
$10— 5-room flat ; cor. Sanchez and Clipper sts.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
QIO CONVENIENT~7-ROOM FLAT; NO
«J| It . dark rooms; bath, closets and elevator:
at 846 Union St., Oakland. See KCENIG &
KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
4 AND 5 ROOMS; BATH: $11, $1?, $13;
electric lines. 4585 a. 4587, 4591 a Eighteenth.
ELEGANT NEW FLAT; 6 ROOMS; MODERN
Xj improvements; rent ?25. 519 Guerrero, near
Seventeenth.
"I 0,1 (\ MASON ST.— SMALL 4-ROOM FLAT;
Xv/XU rent cheap.
"[ OWER BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 6 LARGE
-1-' rooms; yard. 30% Moss st., off Howard, near
Seventh.
"I 9Q FAIR OAKS-> ; r FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
X«-O bath; latest improvements; reasonable.
QIQ BAY-WINDOW 1 !. 1 OF -i ROOMS.
• _ XO. 1136% .■iicvenson st., near Thirteenth.
lOWER FLAT OF 5 SCNKY ROOMS, BATH;
XJ rent reasonable. 2231 Geary st.
T7SLAT TO LET— 6 ROOMS: SUNNY, COR.
X Twenty-ninth and Sanchez.
Q] 9AND $13— UPPER AND LOWER FLAT:
0*• ~« 4 and 5 rooms each: large yard. 1217
Union, bet. Jones and Leaveuwor.h st>.
LOVELY FLAT— 7 ROOMS: BATH. 2517
-I Gough, near Vallejo st. -
99 r/\ MODERN SUNNY flat of 6
— _.«JU. rooms: bath. 1922 Goideu Gate aye.
1 OIC EDDY, XU. LAGUNA- SUNNY BIDE I
' — 1 U elegant flat; & rooms, bath. Key in rear.
TTPPEP. FLAT; 5 SUNNY ROOMS. 131 LILY
IJ avenue.
Q] Q 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIR-
Cl« teenth st., above Valencia.
9 UPPER FLATS, 3 ROOMS EACH; $10. 29
— Riu^old st., near Folsom and Ninth. .
EDUCED BENT— I24I TWENTY-THIRD ST..
near Castro, modern sunny upper 5-room flat:
rent $16: water free. •
"DEDUCED RENT— 23 PROSPER ST., OFF
XV Sixteenth, near Market; modern sunny upper
6-room fiat ; rent $16; water free.
(JIQ 476 VALENCIA ST7 NEAR SIX-
UplO. te^nth; 5 rooms and bath. ASHTOX &
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery at.
HOWARD COURT, NX. FOURTH-UPPER
floor; 6 snnny tooms. $14; lower 4 rooms, $13.
9 ELEGANT FLATS; ,1 ROOMS; ALL LATEST
£i improvements. 10 and 141 Grove.nr. City Hall.
1 vj|-M LI.N '.: K. NEAR ■* UTTER— LOWER
-I OU 4 flat, 6 modern laree sunny rooms; bath.
S" ~UNNY UPPER CORNER FLAT; 0 ROOMS:
bath. 13151-2 Webster; reduced rent.
UNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden; $13 and $16. 1700 Post.
C \A SANCHEZ, NEAR 19TH (FLAT B)— 4
* J^» X rooms, bath; sunny; decorated and modern.
Q,A(\ 822 HOWARD ST.. NEAR FOURTH,
"8 *»*•'• 13 rooms and bath. ASHTON, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
C 1 • ' FLAT 4 ROOMS. 125 PAGE ST., BET.
V*XO. Gouxh and Octavia.
MODERN SUNNY UPPER 4-ROOM FLAT
1694 Page at., cor. Clayton, Golden Gate Park.
t;^ 171S MCALLISTER, NEAR BRODER-
HT-*»*J» Ick— rooms and bath: newly papered
and painted; modern finish. ASHTOX <t GAR-
DINER, 411 Montgomery st.
WANTED -GOOD TENANT" FOR NEW
'» flats: special terms; $10 up. SPECK <fe CO.,
602 Market su
TirE REST MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
'» treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
\\T EBSThR 207-200-SUNNY. FLATS, 6 AND
»» 7 rooms; rent $25, $27 50.
VLKGAXT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
Jli low i^rvant. 6 and B roomn. hmh: i^B 10 |l ri. '
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS. - T
Bush Street. " ~^
P9X BUSH-2 SUNNY ROOMS, SUITABLE
"J— it* for housekeeping; rent moderate.
California Street. !
9'Ql CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANT FUR-
-t)dl nlshedrms.honskping; cheap; after 4 p.m.
-fTt'f.-^ , Clement Street. ..•' '.'■ "
m CLEMENT— 3 OR 4 ROOMS COMPLETE
for housekeeping and garden; reasonable;
no children. . .
Clementina Street.
0091 CLEMENTINA — 3 NEATLY FUR-
ovj^.3 nlshed rooms for housekeeping: cheap.
Eddy Street./
110 EDDY-3 SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
«V,. ket Ping; other newly furnished rooms:
« o up* - - - ■'-■
Kin» Street.
509i XIIIR ~ 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
uv;; large yard; private house; reasonable. .
■frolsom Street.
558 fn? h^° M 3 UNFURNISHED - rooms
iJOO for housekeeping; range: ho:, cold water.
G 1 4 MsiV S i' V M I ' BNISHE D AND UNFUS
Un "Ished housekeeping and other rooms.
853 FOLSO Jl-TWO OH FOUR NICELY
U>JO housekeeping rooms.dlsconnected
*;*• olden (,b» Avenue.
OqO GOLDEN GATE AYE.-4 SUNNY NEW-
OOP iy furnished housekeeping rooms: bath
t>e»ry st.eet.
21 11 G S A . RY ,7?°i IKISHE ' D ROOM, SUIT-
I a able for light housekeeping. Key at 217.
Howard Street.
790 HOWARD ST.-2 OR 3 SUNNY
•i' housekeeping rooms: cheap rent.
1 1 91 1 HOWARO-IN PRIVATE AMERI"
1 -12 can family, double and single sunny
'prnished rooms for light housekeeping, if desired.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Market Street.
QQ!T MARKET-NICE SUITE OF HOUSE-
OvO keeping rooms; reasonable.
I ('I 1 MARKET, OPP. VAN NESS— TWO
.1 O' > I large front unfurnished " housekeeping
rooms: cheap. ;
Aliuna Street.
- tf* MINNA— FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
t>lU housekeeping: large yard.
>utomst .Street.
pORSKK NINTH AND N ATOM A STS.— SUN-
\J ny front furnished rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also single; entrance 741 Na'.oma st.
Ninth Street.
~nO NINTH — 6 CORNER ROOMS, COM-
i>Ui pletely furnished for housekeeping: rent
low. ... . . .
I'ost Street.
1 01 C A POST— TWO NICELY FURNISHED
lull) sunny housekeeping rooms, en suite or
single. -
• . i 11 iiss Street.
MRUSS-SUNNY' FRONT BAY-WINDOW
'ii room with kitchen ;complete for housekeeping.
Scott Street.
1"1 Q SCOTT-2 SUNNY ROOMS; PARTLY
HO furnished for housekeeping.
i ix th S reet.
m SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
cozy housekeeping rooms and single.
CHI 1 SIXTH— t OB 3 SUNNY FURNISH-
«JV"I2 cd rooms tor housekeeping.
Seventh Street.
IOP SEVENTH— LARGE FRONT HOUSE-
v iOU keeping rooms, yard: reasonable single
rooms; $1. '
1 AC) SEVENTH — SUITES, SINGLE AND
lv— housekeeping: suitable for doctor or dentist.
tevenson Street.
Al\Q STEVENSON, COR. OF FIFTH— FUR-
rtxJO nishtd rooms for housekeeping.
Stockton street.
1 QOn STOCKTON ST.— 2 OR 3 SUNNY
X O^-U rooms; complete for housekeeping; Cheap.
Tehuma Street.
IT' TEHAMA NICELY FURNISHED
400 housekeeping rooms and bath.
Tenth Street.
,<QI TENTH UPPER FLAT OF HOUSE-
•J-Q 1 keeping rooms: sun all day; rent $9.
Third .Street.
QQ 1 THIRD — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE
OO4: keepine rooms: water included; rent SO.
Valencia Street. ]
9-1 CB VALENCIA-LARGE SUNNY BAY-
— .IO window rooms, complete; housekeeping.
•Webster Street.
7"! "I WEBSTER — 2 OR 3 HANDSOMELY
i II furnished rooms: bath: en*. - :-
KOOMS TO LET.
Broadway.
i ai q BROADWAY, NEAR JONES— LARGE
lulu front room, suitable for 2 gentlemen;
private.
Bryant Street.
-:i -I BRYANT, NEAR THIRD— ONE SUNNY
i>il suite housekeeping rooms: $2 50 per week.
Bush Street. .
1 A~\ Q BUSH— LARGE ALCOVE: PLEASANT
XttXO home; private family: reasonable: refucs
California Street.
1/117 CALIFORNIA., NEAR POLK— NICELY
lull furnished front room; private family;
cheap.
Dearborn Street.
8B DEARBORN, OFF SEVENTEENTH— I OR
2 furnished or unfurnished rooms to let; cheap.
EUdy Street.
A9 A PDDY— FURNISHED LARGE
tr«i,v/ sunny front room.
=QA EDDY ST.-HOl SEKF.KPING ROOMS;
•JOU cheap; others $4 ana $6 a month.
iglilli Street.
QHERMAN APARTMENT HOU^K, 23 BTH
0 st., near Market; furnibhed and unfurnished.
Ellis street.
THE RAMON A, 130 ELLIS ST.. SAN FRAN-
cisco. MRS. KATE S. HART, manager-Just
opened; a newly furnished, well-appointed, quiet
house, containing 160 rooms, large and small;
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and electricity,
hot and cold running water in ench room; elevator
and lire escapes: situate convenient to the busi-
ness center of the city, principal hotels and thea-
ters; electric-cars direct .0 ferry and park pass the
door.
1 olsoin Street.
7 OX FOLSOM— SS MONTH: SINGLE SUNNY
1 O«J furnished front room.
-- j FOLSOM— NICK SUNNY ROOMS: FINE
I O~i location; suitable for one or two.
Fourth treet.
OAQ FOURTH — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS i
Ov/O to let; cheap.
deary Street.
THE MARTINET LAS CHANGED HANDS;
handsomely furnished suites and single rooms ;
also suitable apr.r:ments for physician. 1101
Geary St., cor. Van Ness aye.
Goluen date Avenue.
91 Q GOI.DEX GATE AYE. — PLEASANT,
— 1 »/ sunny, double and single rooms: *5 up.
QQA GOLDEN GATE a veT - desirable
OOU su-'iiy room for gentleman; private family;
$6. ■ ■ ;
' tirove ' Street.
1 nr GROVE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
IUJ front rooms; $7 60, $8. ■ .
Jackson Street. -
-I CAS JACKSON, BET. POLK AND LARKIN
1 i)\JO — Nicely furnished room. • .
Jones street.
9H7 JONES — THE vax WINKLE: NEW
_ 1 1 % management: . elegant eonny suites and
single; ucwly iurnisbed; bath, etc.: SlO to £3».
i-earny Strear.
A KLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY- PLEAS- "
x\. ant tunny rooms, en suite and single; first claaj
.ji every rtspect: terms reasonable.
•Blaring. Street.-
VO9EMITB HOUSE, 1045 MARKF.T — PER
1 night, «5c to SI; week, $1 50 to $5: families.
Minn* -tveet.
m MINNA. COR. SECOND, AND 81 NA-
tonsa, cor. second— Furnished rooms; very
clean: prices reasonable; new owner.
(A(KI MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
UU 1 furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
iii ioi»lon * 1 «•«?;.. i-i-f ■
QQQ MISSION— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS *4,
000 $6 and $8 per month; sunny; convenient. '
UROPE HOUHE, Ilb9 MISSION- NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
Pine Street.
r I A PINE, NEAR KEARN Y-FURNISHED
i)ll rooms by day, week or month.
Post Street.
CA9 POST-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
O\J*J parlors; lower floor; also single; very cheap.
7iV? POST, NEAR JONES— LARGE ROOM-
I U«- running water; suitable for 2 gentlemen. '
Polk Street. - -
Q-J O POLK — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
t7XO sunny 100 ms: new carpets, furniture; gas,
hath, running water; reasonable; 8 minutes from
Call office.
I'owell Street. ~~~
99c POWELL, COR. GEARY-LARGE BaSE-
_^.<J ment-room and one sunny corner un-stairs.
second .Street. ~
1 90 SECOND-LARGE front room in
X^O private family; suitable for 2 gentlemen.
Seventh Street. —
1 Q7 SEVENTH ST.-FURNISHED ROOMS
XOI from $1 a week up; housekeeping and'
transient. :,....,•,.""
Miiirr street.
THE ALEXANDRIA, 781 SUTTER-ELE-
Kant rooms; first-class dining-room; elevator.
Taylor Street.
-I (\Q TAYLOR -LARGE DOUBLE ROOM;
X\J*J running water: closet; $8; others.
1 A Q TAYLOR-NEWLY FUUNISHED BUN-
J rtO ny front room ; hot water; bath in connec- I
tion. ■ . •■ .
1 nil (1 Krreo:
I\r INCH ESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD. NEAR
ft Market: most convenient and respectable- 200
rooms Me to SI 50 per night ; XI 50 to SB per week-
electric light* in every room: reading r*m : tree bus.'.
- lurk Street. ■■-:-.
■I -I r> TURK— BEAUTIFUL SUNNY SUITE-
11D newly" furnished; single; with convenien-
ces; board optional. -■-■■■ ~ ,, ; '.. .' ■
. ■ . Valencia Street ~~~ "
1 "I Q7 VALENCIA— LARGE, FRONT, BAY-
-1 XO I window room: furbished; private family.
SEWING .j MACHINES.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT," SOLD,~EXCHaX(;k D,
•£*- rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. APRIL 21, 189fi.
AXD ROOMS.
RR9^ TWENTIETH, BET.VALENCiTaND
Vv" Guerrero— Board un I room for two and
single room; first class; private family. ' :
8 '■} 5 OST> NR - HYDE-NICELY FURNISHD
uuu lnr front room; good board; lor 2 gents.
710 GE ARY— HAXDSOMEY FURNISHED
'„ » f " )nt alcove suite suitable for 3, with ex-
ceiient board; moderate: references,
F URXIBHKD OOMS, with or without
-»- board, en suite or single. A. 8., box 60. Call.
]V"ICELY FURNISHED SUNNY ALCOVE
J.i room and connecting suite: board: central;
reference; private house. P. H., box 64, Call.
OUNNY ROOMS, WITH BOARD; FIRST AND
kj second floors: sincle or en suite; private; cen-
tral; reasonable. 2324 Channlng way. Berkeley.
TUICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
£* passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 76c and
1 i per day: $2, $2 60, $3 per week and tip; $8 to
»«u mo. Uackmeier's Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG,' Pr.
T3EST TABLE BOARD IX THE CITY; $4 50
■*-* week, $16 a month, at Hackmeler's Hotel.
T_TACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST •
XX new management: GEORGE GRUENIG. nri>
prletor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
OTEL BERTLING. 714 KUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all moil-
»im roii yen ji-Tii-Ms
CHILDREN BOARDED.
\\r ANTED- BABY TO WETNURSE. 1011
• ' Alabama.
I 47 ft JESSIE-LADY WOULD LIKE INFANT
j: »yj to bonrd; mother's care. ■ •
ANTED- 1 OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD
Cent l respectable people: good home. • 1508%
Central aye.
fi2l PINE-INFANT OR CHILD BOARDED;
y->^ i healthy home: best of care. :
— —-————______ _
OFFICES TO I,KT\
SPRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
Elt- gant sunny offices, $12 50 up: electric-light •
beating and janitor service fr c. Apply at building
or G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
THE DENTAL OFFICE OF DH. JAMES ED-
x\\ ARDS, 5V 2 hearny st., to let on May 1. Ap-
ply J. A. SCHMIDT, 425 Ellis st. .
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
V 7 Offices $10 and upward, Including janitor's ser-
-5^ e ?o^K. e K^ G^M? htt -' Ply 8t r m
STORES TO LET.
4| ft FOURTH— SMALL STORE. WITH BOOM
jX\J in rear; rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SKN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st
' STABLES TO . LET.
T>EAUTIFUL LARGE STABLE; "^4I 4 CALI-
I > fornia su ; rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chron-
lcle building. ■ - .
_ hie pi cal. ~ . . . _
ALL CASES oF~irreg clarities re-
-£Y stored In r few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
T ADIES — GERMACIDE CAPSULES PRE-
XJ vents, safe, sure; pills do longer required;
91 50 per box. G. S. P. Co., 1031 Market St., S. F.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day:
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING'
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: ! latest improved method of treatment:
never fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bud
effects; never makes them sick 10 make them
well: travelers helped immediately: prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. <_ MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
lADIES, CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT,
XJ 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist: $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
IJoues. Diseases of women and children.
T AMES— DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA-
XJ ting pills; strongest, safest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents.
QURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
O from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MI'.S. DR. GWYI.i:, 226 Turk St.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement ; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills «2. 419 Eddy su
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores nil cases of Ir-
regularity in one day ; cure or no charge; separata
home for patients; b<«st skill: medical attend-
nca: low fees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market «l.
A HOME. A FKIENO AND MOTHER'SCAKE.
J\. MRS. DR. FUNKS, 1416 Kighth Bt..Alamcda.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A EOON TO
ladies troubled with irregularities:. no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late.- OSOOOJj BKOS., Oakland. Cal.
pHF.APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— TOE '
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
t nitcd States or Canada one year for SI 50, post-
age free. "^
-^ ,^- E I> V CATION AL.
/"CALIFORNIA CONSERVATORY— ACTING:
\J oratory; ladies and gentlemen. RICHARD
FOOTE. director, 102 O'Farrell st.
PROF ESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
"VI RS. MELVILLE SN YDE It, STUDIO 614 SUT-
J-'J- ter: teacher vocal ' ma sic, piano, elocution:
dramatic elocution a specialty; vocal Shakespear-
ean classes; stage dancing; minuet, gavotte, etc.
ocal classes resumed Monday. April 13, at 8 p.m.
SPANISH.FRENCH.ETC.: Prof.DX FILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages. 320 Post st:estab'd 1871.
AY RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st.; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
"L^RKNCH. GERMAN. SPANISH: LEARN TO
X speak; sp'c'l $2. Flood building.
OOKKPNG, WRUNG. ARITHMTC, GIIAMR:
*-> day & night; no classes; $5 month. 825 Mission.
GUITAR MANIJOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTII AUS, 39 Fifth.
CPANIsn, FRENCH ACADEMY. CA6TILIAN
>J and Parisian. 3 lessons w.: $3 m. Maze bid, r. 37.
T>OOK KEEPING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY,
xt better than in any college on earth; 6 wks: no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR.669 Mkt.
A CADEMY OF DANCING. MISSES HUDDY;
£^ private and clans. 6a Hyde; terms moderate.
JOSEPH GREVKN. VOICE IMPROVER. 82
if Ninth su
SPANISH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE
Aleisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
A YRES, THE LEADING SHORTHAND CoC
-< rl - iege; individual Instruction; 4 months' course-
gay and evening 325 Montgomery st.
SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING-
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. K. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt.
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING. ME-
O chamcal engineering, surveying, architecture.
assay; 64. VAX DEB NAILLEN, 72a Mkt.
HKALD'B BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. write tor catalogue.
V IGHT«CIiOOL;tiEALL % SBCs. college 24
11 Post: com merclal. shorthand. English : low ra^«i
"IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. 3ANJO- HEY
V Bonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045y Valencia.
HEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNINU-
/ ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR . 0 CENTS _ TK_
IV WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION
jpONTINEXTA fr^uTLDING'AN TtIMAtTAS.
\J soclalion— Home office 322 Sansome St., S. F.
General savings & loan business. Ed. E. Hill.Pres.;
Oliver Eldridge. V-I'r. : W. Corbln. Hec. <fc Gen.Man.
TRUSTEES' SALEsT
RUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the term? and under the : authority of a certain
Deed of Trust, duly executed by BENJAMIN B.
PIERCE, party of the first part, to HENRY O.
CAMPBELL, and THADDEUS B. KENT. Trustees,
partiesof the second part, and the SAX FRAN-
CISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the third
part, dated March 14th, 1801, and recorded in the
office of the County Recorder of the County of San
Luis Oblspo, state of California, In' Liber 10 of
Trust Deeds, at pages 60 and following: and in
pursuance of a resolution passed on the 19th day of
March, 1896, by the Beard of Directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 10,725), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid Deed of Trust
was executed, declaring that default had been
made in the payment of the principal sum and
other sums, due under said note and Deed of
Trust, and requesting and directing said HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDKUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said Indebtedness
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL anaTIIADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the sth day of May, A. D. 1896, at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., No.
638 Market street, in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, wo will sell at pub-
lic auction, to the- highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the United States, all those pieces or parcels'
1 of land situate in the Coubty of . an Lulswbi*po,
bta.e of California, described as follows, to wit:
. According to the official . plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
In township twenty-five (25} south,-, range thir-
teen (13) eusi, Mount Diablo base and meridian: -
Of sect. on twenty-five ('*..">) the south half of the
north half (-<. V a of N. y ) and tno south half of
the sou half (6, i/ t of 8. i/ 3 ): '. - -
: Of section twenty-seven (at) the southeast quar-
ter (-S E. Vi). .-.:, _
Containing in all four hundred and eighty (480)
acres of land, more or less, together with ■ 'the ap-
purtenances. . " •'•■■;.» ■ . ■■■. .-■--:, .'. -■■■■.
TERMS OF SALE— Cash, in gold coin of the
United States; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall . of • the hammer, balance on de-
livery of deed; and if not so paid, un. ess for want
of title (ten days I being allowed ( for search), then
said ten percent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. ■ Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. ■■■
HEN RY C. CAMPB KLL, > _ 
THADDEUS B. KEN T, ') Trustees. -
CLAIRVOYANTS. _ . _
ARARK OPPORTUNITY TO
CONSULT THE GREAT CLAIRVOYANT,
. . PROF. F. EUGENE, .
People of San Francisco, as well as ' other cities,
marvel at his power. I Lawyers, speculators, busi-
ness men of all. grades, and ladies from every walk
in life, together sound his praise for the benefit 1
they have received. All are pleased. Professor
Eugene gives advice on business, speculation, in-
vestments, love, courtship, marriage and divorce;
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites the separated and
causes a speedy and haDpy marriage with the one
of your choice He locates mines . and burled
treasures, tells of your friends and enemies, ■ re-
moves evil Influences, gives advice pertaining to !
lawsuits,' locates and recovers old estates.. Tho
troubled and unfortunate should seek his counsel.
Thousands of families long separated have been re-
united by his efforts. All persons unsuccessful in
business, who seem to be unlucky, should visit
• him, seek his aid and start aright. Thousands
have become wealthy through his advice. Young
men starting in business will find it greatly to
their advantage to consult him on all matters of
financial Interest to themselves. Hours, 10 a. m.
to 8 p. if. Letters with stamp answered. PRO-
FESSOR EUGENE, 1728 Market st.
AAAA-AA A A A A A A
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE,
--■:.-.v . ■■ i - : 220 Eddy st.
Now is your chance to consult this wise and
gifted prophet, who has ' returned after an absence
of seven years, and who has met with marvelous
success owing to his wonderful powers as a clair-
voyant and business medium; nothing Is too ob-
scure for his apprehension: he gives correct and
Invaluable advice on love, marriage, business, law-
suits, mining, speculation: In fact on any affair
pertaining 10 the human life; no • person ever con-
sulting him went away dissatisfied; he numbers
among his patrons the best business people in the
United States; letters containing 2-cent stamp
promptly answered ; hours 9 to 9, Sundays Included.
ROF. LEON. 1007 MARKET, NEAR SIXTH—
Wonderful power; gives advice on business,
love, marriage, divorce, etc. ; letters with stamp
answered; hours 9 to 8 daily; also Sunday.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave : fee 1:5 cents. 914 O'Farrell at.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past.present and future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MET D R. ATLANTA, MEDIUM, TELLS
from cradle to grave and the condition of
every organ In your body and cures; gives valu-
able advice on all affairs and tells when things are
going 10 happen; she has no equal; sittings daily.
1055 Market, opposite Hlbernia Bank.
ROF. ZANZIC, RELIABLE MEDIUM, CLAIR-
J voyant and palmist, farlors 315 Ellis st.
ME. PORTE Ii, CARD- READER; TEI.L3
past, present, future: ladies 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk s;.
EST CARD-READER AND PALMIST; LA-
dies and gents, 25c. 206 Fourth st.
ETURNKI), WORLD-RENOWN MME.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
RS. 15. BAI MA N .THE RENOWNED ME-
dium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
ME. AHNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 60c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD BEAD-
er and clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter;
read cards since 11 years of age; ■ mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market. 3 and 4.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
» vVE^K-S. NEWS FOR 8 CENTS— THE
-fY. WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
SPIRITUALISM.
I" "on ELLA— ONE OF THE MOST WONDER.
-I ful mediums of the age; just from the East;
she created a sensation East and also in Europe
through her mediumship; ail are invited to call;
she remains with you but a short time; do not re-
main in darkness, but seek the light of truth; wis-
dom is power. 318 Kearny St., room 18.
rJTEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT. 10 CENTS. MME.
1 YOUNG, 606 McAllister. Skeptics invited.
MRS. SHRINER, parlor TEST circle
to-night, 10c. 311 Van Ness.
L. CARNELLE, CLAIRVOYANT AND
• business medium, returned; private sittings
dsily ; developing classes a specialty. '220 Eddy st.
YPSY MEDIUM— SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
dars include!): 25eup. 946 Mission :hrs 10 to 9.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
:r-nce mrdinm: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
LOST. "
T^T^BLACK AND W-HlrE~^ETT^ER'r)O(i
Xj and pup; reward. 41 Sanchez st.
1 OST— PASSBOOK WITH HIBERNIA SAY-
J J ing and Loan Society of San Francisco, in name
of MARY McGUIHE, No. 1901514. Finder
please return to bank.
I 0.-T — ONE 4-TON ■ HYDRAULIC •■ JACK.
-I Finder please return to PaRKE & LACY
COMPAN i, 21 and 23 Fremont: receive reward.
T OST— DAY EVENING. GOLD SCARF
-LJ pin, pearl settings. Return to 349 Fourth st.
and receive reward.
LOST— SMALL FEMALE PUG. REWARD
J for its return to 1016 Mason st. ~
I OST— A GORDON SETTER DOG, HAVING
XJ owner's name on collar; return to owner and
receive reward. . •
"I OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings ana Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of JAMES DOWNING, No. 183,658.
The tinder will please return to bank.
DENTISTS. ~~~
RTlT^irr'RTNZ^ElcTßTo^^
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
yj ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 50c, with gas $1. i
©7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
«iP I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
ONIiST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
IpULL SET OF TEETH; $7; WARRANTED
five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
OET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
0 G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk si. .
I |it. GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of nalnlegs extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
AINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 veari'
experience. It. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815*4 Geary.
I R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRII>UE-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
/ 'OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MA it-
. ; ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
ll worTc reasonable and WAR-
ranted. DR. J W. KEY, 1122 Market st. ,
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
*"' free.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
pfnTV ACA NT~LOTsT~PRICES FROM
O\J $150 to .. $4,000
20 houses and lots, from $1250 t0... 10,000
60 ranches: all sizes: from $100 to ....... 30.000
20 houses: Oakland, Alameda; $1000 t0... 8,000
100 business places: all kinds: from $50 to 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels: from $200 to 8,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER? '
1 SELL AND EXCHANGE ' ' ' ' ".'
All kinds of property. ■ — I 1 -
. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
9 $10,000 RANCHES IN SONOMA VALLEY
£ to exchange for real estate: In Eastern Kansas
preferred. HiCKOK «fc CO., 873% -Market st.
fflforffkA FLAT MORTGAGE OF $700;
*jTijO\J\J ., house, 10 rooms, on a main street in
Oakland: trade for San Jose property. HUGH M
CAMERON, 479 Ninth st,, Oakland.
1 OQA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
J £jQ\J wnter; fine for cattle-rnlslng. N..hx.l6.Cail
STORAGE. ~ ~~~
STORAGE— CHEAPEST
proof building: advances made. 211 Larkin.
rfi H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— AT
X .reduced rales: basement storage, sl 50 per load
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
« low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
S" TORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN & CO., 751 and 753 Market at.
APPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNI-
■TV. ture, etc. BHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HODSE-
liold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE. 735 Market st.
ILBON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-
Storage: low rates: telephone South 76& •
, legal notices.
NOTK^IsThEREB V s of
Xi til > Board of Directors lof the I San Francisco
and ■■ an Joaquin Valley Railway Company that a
meeting of the stockholders of said company has
been called by said board, to be held on TUES-
DAY, the 16th day of June, 1896, at 3 o'clock In
the afternoon, at the principal place of business of
-aid company, at the building where the, said
Bonrd of Directors usually ; meets, namely, at the
office of said company, No. 321 Market street, in
the city and county of i-au Francisco, in the State
of California; : that the object of said meeting is to
consider and act upon the proposition that said
company create n bonded Indebtedness of six mil-
lion dollars ($6,000,000) In gold coin of the United
States, for the purpose of raising . money to com-
plete the construction and equipment of the rail-
road of this corporation from the city and county
of San Francisco to the town of Bakersfield, in the
county of Kern, State of California, and to pur-
chase and p.iy ,for any other property within the
purposes ; of said :. company, and ; to secure the
bonded indebtedness so proposed to be created by
a mortgage or trust deed upon the railroad and
railroad lines and other property of said company
now owned or hereafter to be acquired by said
company.'. 1 ■-'■■' ■-'...-:-■<■..• . :
By order of the J Board ;of Directors of the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley. Railway Com-
pany. -.:.. .v. .--■•'.• -•-■'■ ■-■■•■."■■--:..--<.,■ .-.■;• .-■■-, ;
[Corporate seal.] ALEXANDER MACKIE, -
Secretary the San Francisco and ? San Joaquln
■ Valley Railway Company. -
: j^^ CITY -■ REAL ESTATE. )___];■}
J-UNE INVESTMENT. : !
PAYS 10 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
1 RECENTLY REDUCED.
4£l PL find • 6 MODE FLATS; 6 AND 7
•JpJLcI.UUv/., rooms and. bath on north side of
Oak St., near Scott: only 5 year? old < and in splen-
di I condition: lot 50x1 37;6 ft- ; reduced for imme-
diate sale from $20,000. '■ *.--■■
. . Ii ASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
' ' ' 638 Market st.
N ELEGANT HOME
ON PACIFIC AYE.
NEAR OCTAVIA.
or* "I r- f\f\l\ MODERN 2-STORY HOUSE; 13
rip I U.l/U' '. rooms and , bath; finished case-
ment and attic: well built and complete In all de-
tails; only 4 years old lot 27 :6x127 :8 Vi ft.
, EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St.
Q>('(\ru\ COIt. u'FARRELL ND HOLLIS.
tjbOlHM/. HALF A BLOCK?:. OF WEBSTER.
90 FEET ON O'FARRKLL ST.
REDUCED FROM $75 O'JO.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. . ■ . ....'. 638 Market st.
odern FLATS. ~~~ - ; ■ '
IVI CHOICE LOCATION.
easily RENTED.
<Jij7..)rr| 2 HANDSOME FLATS, 6 AND 7
»ii) I — O\J . rooms and bath, on Laguna St.. near
Vallejo; only 2 years old; in first-class con iition:
pays $660 per annum: fine marine view: lot 2Sx
95. EASTON, ELDRIDGE <fe CO.,
; • , ■. • 638 ..i arkct st.
ANDSOME COTTAGE. r
PAGE ST.. .NEAR PIERCE.
IN SPLENDID CONDITION. ■
IT X A MODERN COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS
«IP"i • O\J. and bath; large basement ; on the N.
side of street: well built; brick foundation, etc.;
cost over $6000; recently reduced. .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
:. 638 Market st.
T> ARGAIN LOTS. .
S22OO— Walnut m\ Clay, 25x112:6.
S2loo— Clayton nr. Page, -:Dxl08:3. "
$1800— Clay nr. Maple, 26x127
$14£0— Lyou nr. Filbert, 27:6x11^:9.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
AYS $780 PER ANNUM.
X WELL IMPROVED PROPERTY.
ON MCALLISTER STREET.
ffl»f-J7Xn A THREE -STORY BUILDING
<lpU I «JU. containing store and two flats of 5
rooms and bath each : also rear cottar of 4 rooms.
Lot 25x127:6 ft. Reduced from $7500.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
' 638 Market st.
1G VALUE.
MODERN RESIDENCE.
AT A SACRIFICE.
(Bjoonn A 2-STORY HOUSE, nearly
«iPOOUu. new, of 9 rooms and bath, on Union
St., nr. Baker: lot 27x150 ft.; reduced for Imme-
diate sale account of departure of owner; easy
terms. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
K~ ICHMO.N'D LOTS. ~
$2000— 28 th aye., nr. A; 140x120.
$1600— 11th aye., nr. Point Lobes: 50x120.
$1200— 25 th aye.. nr. A; 75x120.
$1100— Lake st., nr. 2d aye.: 25x102:6.
EASTON, ELDRIDGK <fc CO.,
: ■ .1 '-■-:. 638 Market st.
BUU.DING BOOM. ■ ~
A LARGE NUMBER OF HOUSES
NOW BEING BUILT
In the Castro- Addition., If you are
thinking of owning your own home, in-
stead of paying rent, ii would be a good
plan for you to go today and see what
others are doi^g in the way of home build-
ing.
Take the Guerrero-st. electric cars (Mis-
sion or Valencia transfer at ■Hli) and ride
to Chenery and Castro sts. and see the lots
we are offering for $350 to $400 on terms
Of $5 cash and $5 monthly, with the street
work all done, including grading, sewering
and macadamizing; cars pass the property;
electric lights; water piped to every lot.
Taking everything into consideration you
will find them the cheapest building lots in
the city.
INVESTORS,
Have yon heard the news? The Spreck-
elses have just purchased the Guerrero-
street electric road, which passes the Cast ro-
street Addition, and will remodel the road,
giving quicker and better service. This
section is bound to advance in value.
Secure a lot now.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
OR SALE— SW. COR. OF FOLSOM AND 21ST
sts.; 95x90 ft.; cheap for cash: also SW. 20th
and Treat aye.; 25x110 ft. Inquire 1205 Market.
MONEY
LOANED ON REAL ESTATE
AT LOWEST MARKET
RATES.
BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
SHORT NOTICE BY THE
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY,
OFFICE. MILLS BUILDING,
L. R. ELLERT, Vice-President. :
AROAIN — LOT 26x100; FLORIDA, BET.
20th and 21st. Atlantic Irish Co.. 305 Front st.
djj 1 PER WEEK: FRUITVALE TERMINAL
tID-L tract: lots $100. McCART V CO., 646 Mkt.
\f ARKET-STREET PROPERTY. ~
ready FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x80.
. ■'>..' NEAR VALENCIA.
Rare chance for investors to buy below the mar-
ket value. Save commission and time. Address
O. N. R.. box 9, this office.
|OA PER LOT, 25x100; SAN BRUNO ROAD:
tJp^jV/ 6V2 miles from Palace Hotel: patent title;
S. P. R. K. shore line will cross tract, make it busi-
ness property; 15 minutes distant: some day
worth $1000 a lot; deed, map and abstract $1. A.
WHEELER, 331 Montgomery st., room 10.
<9!l i iOn WILL SECURE A NEW BAY-WIN-
'4D-LIIV/V/ dow cottaae; modern improvements;
basement; lot 25x100; South Broderlck st., near
Haight. Apply 1330 Mission at. ■■-. .
CJil Oft A COTTAGE; 3 ROOMS; LOT 50x135:
«Ip x O\J\J , iii Berkeley, near station: payments
easy.
$1100— Cottage: 3 rooms; lot 75x125. ■ ; .r:" :
$1000— Handsome corner; 100x100: $15
monthly.
$200— Lot 25x135; $10 down; $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, SO Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in, the
■United States or Canada one year for $150, post-
ag free.
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
"I 1 A"I I ~SIS~TPER .ACRE— 160 ACRES "OF
-l-J-'i-L» land or more, located 3 miles from
railroad station, Alameda County; all cultiva-
ble arid of black loam soil; some improvements,
840. 90 acres of laud located 2 miles from city;
large house of 9 rooms; fine Darn,: steam water
power for pumping; 30 acres in choice orchard;
all fenced and suitable for subdivision; will enter-
tain proposition of exchange on business prop-
erty. 29, second floor. Mills building, San Fran-
cisco. ' .
CjQOnA 50-ACRE RANCH, LESS THAN 2
*lp*J+j\>\J. miles from Kenwood station and i.i /3
from Glen Ellen station; is on Sonoma Creek, a
trout stream that never dries: about 8 acres in
prunes, 4 in olives and 2 of good garden land: the
rest is hill pasture, good for olives; plenty of wood;
barn and house; is in the healthiest and prettiest
valley in California; fjslSOO or mor<* down and the
rest at 5 per cent. Address W. E. sE WELL, Mare
Island, Vallejo. Cal.
STABLISHED.....: 16 YEARS
' . N. D. SICKELS
- THE • ■'■;,■"::
LAND AGENT. .
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property »
strict specialty (3000 propositions); most reliable,
' ■■.-■ ■■' largest and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America
620 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco!
IpOR SALE. OR TO LEASE, FOR a TERM
of years; one of the most beautifully situated
and most profitable * ranches in the northern
part of the State, 1 mile from railroad station* 4
hours from San Francisco: climate and surround-
ings unsurpassed: about 2000 acres; ;50 acres'
prunes and B:irtlett pears; 10 acres vineyard and
family orchard : 50 acres alfalfa: cuts 3 crops an-
nually without irrigation; balance farming and
grazing; creamery and cheese-factory in operation;
3 houses, including family residence, completely
furnished; large barns, etc., and everything neces-
sary for ranch, in perfect condition, including
cattle, horse 3, hogs,' etc.; magnificent opportunity
for good home and profitable business; terms easy
Responsible parties apply for further information
to F. F.. box 51, Call Office.
VINE QUARTZ, GRAVEL, MINING AND
£ timber property in Nevada Co. Call or write H
L. W., 719 Polk St.. city; call MOll., Wed., Sat. ; '
VALUABLE CONTRA" COSTA COUNTY
V lands for sale on easy terms.
fU\f\(\ ACRES: RANCHO BOCA de la CAN-
UUVW ada del Pinole: 12 miles east of Berk eley
near narrow-nuuge railroad.
1 Qfill I ACRES OF CHOICE LEVEL AND
XOW adjoining San Pablo railroad depot and
bordering on the bay of San Francisco, r
O (( ACRES CHOICE VINEYARD LAND
O' >\' adjoining the famous •vineyards of the
Mount Diablo and Glen Terry wino companies at
Clayton, Cal. . t
Also 2 tracts of 665 acres each within 3 miles of
the Pinole railroad station. Apply to the owner
- - • SIMON BLUM, Martinez.
SAN RAFAEL AND ROSS VALLKY- ~T~
Land for sale or exchange by J. TUNSTEAD
San Rafael, Cal. , . '
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOME
O for sale. WOOSTEH & WHITTON. Sag Josa.
. flljQ AN ACRE; 320 ACRES. HOUSE, FENCES
©_P fertile soil, living water, plenty of wood-
crops never fail; good for stock, grain, fruit, poul-
try, etc.: terms easy: no snow; no chills. M. A.
GRIFFIN, . real estate agent, Cottonwood, Shasta
County. Cat. •. • : ;
ARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
irom San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato. ■
: Tracts cut ~ any % size desired; fruit." grain ana
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $76 ocr acre; terms miwU
to suit; send for circular. ' , ■..''■■:: ■ v -\ ■
; Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
- i SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY 84
•nd 65 Chronicle building. . .■ . -v:-
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
-Lj proved; : easr : terms; i also 4. 6 and ■12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved.
with small house, etc. s D. IS. TWIN G, : Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F. ■
5j 7 Z. AND UPWARD LOTS IN east OAK-
tip I iJ land: easy terms. .-/ ?
flJO^per acre; quantity to suit: fine soil; near
<1P *J*J I'leasanton.AlamedaCo. ; terms to suit; also
a few Improved cozy country homes near by; : 5 to
20 acres at half former value; easy terms: will ex-
change. - IsEK <£ KISE.R, 306 Moutjjomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— qQB BROADWAY.
. OAKLAND , REAL, ESTATE.
MUST BE SOLD; ] V ACRES UNIMPROVED^
in suburos of Oakland: fine location for
chicken ranch: also 3y a acres all in bearing fruit;
house, barn, toolnonse, tank-house, chicken-yard
and houses; 20 minutes from Berkeley by electric
railroad.
Fine modern residence; central location; cost
$<50(); will be sacrificed for $4500; $'-'000 cash;
$'2500 mortgage; also 2 cottages, one 5 rooms,
one 6. BENHAM & THOMAS, 465 Ninth St.
Oakland.
L) A RGAIN— S2OO CASH, BALANCE TERMS
-i-» to suit: new 5-room house; fine view; 10 min-
utes to town: se it before you buy. WILLIAM
P. TODD, 10Q2 Broadway, Oakland.
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS OX INSTALL-
mentB equal to rent; close to Fruitvale . sta-
tioh: 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
pas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Kruitvale sta-
tlon.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FUR N T^a?ED"H^uIsirTO~I.ET; PIEDMONT:
lhourfrotu city; l bloos from electric-cars;
larpre grounds handsomely laid out; billiards;
tennis court; climate" and view unsurpussed.
JAMES GAMBLE, 280 Montgomery st., room 23,
San Francisco. .. - ..
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
p^R~sTLir~~~~~~"~~ ' " i ~ vi
$2*200— 550 cash ; $22 50 monthly; s*roofflsand
bath : new colonial cottage.
42800— N0 casli: 925 monthly; 35x100; corner
house; 6 rooms and bat i.
$3000— 550 cash; $80 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath: handsome new cottage.
$3500-S2OO cash: $30 monthly; 33x150; 6
rooms and bath; elegaut cottage on principal
driveway.
$3500-$ lOO cash: $35 monthly; 33x100; 7
rooms and bath; handsome colonial cottage. > -?:.V.
HOUSES TO LET— FROM 10 UP.
All the above houses are situated on Improved
streets, near schools and stations; gas, sewer and
water connections perfect.
TO LET.
Elegant, sunny and perfectly new stores, with
rooms in rear iind Hats above if desired; rent rea-
sonable; location central; at stations and on prin-
cipal streets.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS. I-
MARCUSE ft REMMEL, Bar-st station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market St., P. F. , > ,
<£ \i(\ A FINE LOT, 3 •» FOOT FRONT, HALF
tipov/v/. block from electric line.
Cottage of 11 rooms: large lot; beautiful sur-
roundings; street work complete; must be sold;
make me an offer.
For rent unfurnispd; cottage of 14 rooms: hot
air heater; 7 bedrooms and servants' room; 2
baths: beautiful place: 1 block from Morton-street
station. T. F. 8.'.11U), 1303 Park st.
IV! i"-W COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
-Li rooms, just completed, on Centra! aye., 1 block
I west from Park. St.; lot 36x140; rooms on lower
floor beautifully. tinted and frescoed: parlor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els In doors; plate glass throughout: beautiful
brick mantel in dining-room; plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement; elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as lam
• sure if you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
a. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
ARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
easy terms; 4, 6, 6 and 7 room cottages and '2-
story dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up;
$150 cash; balance on easy monthly payments to
suit. Address A. R. DEN KE, real estate, archi-
tect and builder, 1503 Seventh et., Alameda.
"© Inn TO $'250 DOWN, MONTHLY; NEW
(JJIUU6 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, school, etc : with large
lot; $2400 to $3000: send for Illustrated book of
Alameda, live. Alameda Land Company, 1600
Park st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
(tj^OAn PROPERTY IN WEST BERK&
<ip.£iOUW. ley; 92x135; cottage 5 rooms; with all
modern improvements; pure water- good wind-
mill; stable; 4-year-old orchard; good residence
location; corner; actual value $3500; half cash;
balance easy payments; must sacrifice recount
business reverses. WILKE & WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st. :
pHEAP, ACRE LAND; HOUSE AND IM-
V.< provements. Inquire C. MILLER, West
Berkeley.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE ON
VT easy terms. O. G. MAY CO.. real estate and
building, 2123 Center si., Berkeley.
JOS. J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND IN-
sll ranee arent. Berkeley station.
MONEY TO LOAN.
D VANCE ON" LIFe""iNSURANCE. LEGA-
cles. pianos; lowest rates. 215 Sansome, rm 5.
I OASB ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
XJ other personal property at low rate of int rest
Address B. J.. box 67, Call Office.
LOANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds; confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
MORTGAGES, LOANS ON COLLATERALS;
-LU- low rates. Sylvain Saloman & C 0. ,328 Montgy
* 1 no 000 To LOAN on life insur-
«lT-l-V.»\/.V'\/V/ ance policies; money placed in
paying mines. JOSEPH P. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine.
1 ST <fc 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN Es-
Xtntes;lowest ratf-.s;no deIay. MURPHY, Mrk:.
A DV'ANCESONDIAMONDS.JKW , ETO
-ft Columbia Loan & Collateral office. 9 G ra n c aye.
NY AMOUNT: IST, l\i or 3D MORTGAGES:
estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bafe. McCOLGAN. '24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
OAKLAND LOANS ON FIRST MORTGAGES
on Improved real estate secured on short notice
at current rates of interest. HUGH M. CAM-
ERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
VI ON E LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
jiii other valuables at the Security Loan Office.
1106Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
1G CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PER CENT;
the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19.Cali office.
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 128 KeTrNY ST.. ROdM~fI^MioNEY"
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator*, pledges for sal -■ cheap.
PHYSICIANS.
jSiON^FFAIirTC)^CONSULT" DrTjORDAN~AT
U .his museum, 1051 Market St.; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
REMOVED— DR. C. C. O'DONNKLL TO 1208
Market st. : diseases of woman a »r»PclnU>*.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
Albert A. Riley and Maud E. Jordan, 47—21.-
George F. Manuel and Una D. Fo^e, 2:!—
Antonio Ferrari and Rosina M. Rago, 39—33.
John L. Hanson and May A. Woodhams, 30—41.
B. P. Throckmorton and Alice L. Allen, 36—22.
E. MeCauirhey and Catherine Reilly, 31—26.
D. Libby Jr. and Josephine Mansfield, 23—24.
Peter Mullen and Mamie Schaadt, 33—26.
Harry M. Daggett and Mary A. Smith, 35—20.
Hardy B. Halmpr and Lena Teeler. 32—30. "■
John W. F. Meyer and Louise McAfee, 42—26.
C. J. Enhirtcks and Mariana J. Gomez, 34—42.
' Emerson Harris and Esther H. Barber, '22—20.
Francisco Rossi and Giuglia Fossa. 31—21.
James H. Martin and May A. Richard, 36—23.
Dennis W. O'Connor and Mamie Rouke, 26—25.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Complaints filed: - ■■ , • ' \. .
Louise Levy against Sigmnnd Levy.
J. G. Jorstensen against Sophus N. Jorgensen.
Thomas P. Gorham against Eva L. Gorham.
Divorce granted : , ■'■'-. ■'•-. "'■'-*
Elizabeth McLaren from Samuel McLaren, for
desertion by Judge Sanderson.
Divorce denied :
Samuel J. MacPherson vs. Elizabeth MacPher-
son, divorce denied on complaint and cross-com-
plaint; by Judge Murphy. Plaintiff ordered to
pay aefendant $20 a mouth for support.
BiRTiIS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
FOGG— April 19, 1896, to the wife of L. P. Foeg
a daughter. ;
BAXTON— In this city, April 19. 1896. to tha wife
. of J. G.'Sajtton, a sou. •■ : . .. •
VINCENT— In this city, April 20, 1896, to the
wife of George A. Vincent, a daughter.
WERTHEIMER— In San Dleso, April 19,1893
to the wife of M. A. Wertheimer, a daughter. '
. MARRIED.
KATZ— MEDAU— In this city, April 15, 1896, by
the Rev. W. M. Blley, Louis R. Kan and Dora-
thea H. Medau.; ■>
MARTIN— RICKARD— In this city, April 19.
j 1896, by the Rev. J. Stephens, James H. Martin
and Mary A. Rlckard. both of San Francisco.
REED-EWELL-April 14. 1896, by the Rev. W.
, Moreland, Samuel B. Reed and Dorcas Ewell.
GKLLEI'TE-In this city, April 16.
1896. by the Rev. J. Stephens, John L. Stevens
of San Francisco and Fanny GelleUe of New
-York. ;■'•;■•■■ j ■..■?.-■.
SMILLIE— WALKER— In this city, April 18,
' 1896, by th« Rev. F. A. Doane, James W. Smtllie
and Jennie Walker, both of San Francisco..
" ■ - ' :--, ■--' i Di.r,jJ. -, : ;. '
Arling, Isaac S. . Hamilton, Phebe P.
Batsalcls. Peter ■-'• Haves. Catherine ■
Baumgarteu. John L. - Hlggins, Mary
Beckedorff, G. H. O. Huff, Malissa B.
Bishop, George A. - Kelley, Luke C.
Cox, Aaron :■ . .. Levlne. Jacob
De Carlo, Giovanni McAllister, William
Dillon, Patrick Mnth, John
. Ferris, William J. Rolfe, Angus L.
Flynn, Catherine : Siiafer, Adele si. '
Green, Eliza J. Shirley, Jessie F.
Hallahan, Eugene Siaven, John
Whltcomh. F. L. ,
ARLING— In this city, April '20. 1896. Isaac '&,
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Arling, father of .
Mrs. E. Plate, Mrs. J. Huff and David Arling,
and stepfather of Austin K. Ford of New York
City, a native of Barriugton, N. H., aged 65
years and 8 months,
'. «s~Friends and aconatnrances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock *. m., from the
chapel of Craig. Cochran A Co.. 22 and 26 Mint
avenue, thence to be. Anthony's Church , Army
street, where a solemn requiem m»s3 will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. it. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BATSAKIS-In Oakland, April 19. 1896, Peter
Batsakis, a native of Greece, ased 22 years.
BAUMG4RTEN-April 18, 1893, John Louis,
beloved hnsbnnd of Antonina Baiimitrmon, a na-
tive of Hum burs, Germany, aged" 34 years 9
months and 14 days. .
&S"Frlenrls ami acquaintance^ ar* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 2279 Fifteenth street, thence to ■
Knights of Pythias Hall, 9U9 Market street,
where the services will be held, commencing at
10 o'clock a. M. sharp, under th- au3plcesof
Justice Lodge No. />5, K. of P. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. ,
BECKEDORFF-In this city." April 18, 1836.
George. H. C, beloved husband of Sophie A.
BeckeiiorfT, father of George Beckedorff. and
stepfather of Henry C. rianckf-n, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 60 years 2 months and
8 days.
43" Friends and acquaintances and officers and
• members of Alemania Lodge No. 8, K. of P., Pa-
cific Council No. 8, Chosen Friends, and
Equitable Aid Union No. 306 are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, 46 Russ street, the net; to the First
English Evangelical Lutheran Church. Geary
street, near Ciougb, where funeral ervices will be
held at 2 o'clock p.m. Intermeat Laurel Hill
1 Cemetery. ' ■ ....
BISHOP— In Brooklyn, N. V., April 12. 1896,
George Alec,' dearly beloved husband of Huttie,
and father of Sybil and Vivian Bishop, late of
San Francisco, a native of England.
COX-In this city, April 20. 1896, Aaron Cox,
father of Dr. Rosamond L. Cox, William A.,
Thomas A. and Sarah W. Cox. a native of Ports-
mouth, England, aged 78 years 1 month aud 10
days. ■2 • .-
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the
residence of his daughter, Dr. Rosamond L. Cox,
426 Post street. .No flowers. . Interment private.
DE CARLO— In this city, April 19. 1896, Giovanni
de Carlo, a native of Italy, aged 56 years.
DILLON— In Benicla, April 19, 189G, Patrick Dil-
lon, a native of Tipperary. County Clonmeli, Ire-
land, aged 7e years and 2 months.
.B£S"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from St. Domi-
nic's Church, Benlcia. No flowers.
FERRIS-In this city, April 19. 1896. William
Jam ps, only and. beloved ion of George J. V. and
Minnie A. Ferris, brotnerof Mabel H.. Irene X
and Lucy Ferris, grandson of James J. and
Maria U. Ferris and Mrs. Mary Ellen and the
late Mortimer J. O'Brien, and nephew of Wil-
liam J. O'Brien. Mrs. A. C. Josslyn. Mrs. M. W.
Noble and Mrs. W. Trimble, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 18 years 9 months and 18 days.
J£3i~Friend3 and acquaintances are " respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS D\Y
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock P. m.. from the residence
of his parents. 1330% Natoma street, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth, interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FLYXN— In this city, April 19. 1896, Catherine
relict of the late Michael M. Fly mi and beloved
mother of Timothy J., William D., Mary J. Flynn
and Mrs. James Pendergast and sister of D. B
Murphy, a native of the city of Cork, Ireland
aged 64 years 6 months and '21 days.
Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late residence,
631 Twenty-second street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a solemn requiem, ma's will be
; celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9a. St. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit Cowers.
GREEN-In this city, April 18, 1896. Eliza Jane,
belove wife of George Green, and sister of An-
drew and George McDade and Mrs. William
Kane, and mother of Mrs. Emma Frngley. Mrs.
; C. A.Crackbon and Jennie and Willie Green
a native of New York City, aged 56 years.
■K3~Frienas and acquaintances a"re respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. it., from her lace resi-
dence, 18 Rutledge avenue, near Alabama street,
l>rna! Heights. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery.
HALLAHAN— In this city, April 19, 1898,
Eugene, relict of the late Mary Hallahan. and
father of Mrs. E. J. Stanley, and brother of
Thomas Hnliahan, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years and 10 months.
JK3~ Friends are Invited to attend the .
funeral which will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1] o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. K. J. Stanley, 2333
Bryant street, thence to St. Peter's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cro3<» Cemetery by
12 o'clock m. train from Twenty-fifth and Val-
encia streets.
HAMILTON— In this city, April 20. 1896, Phebe
P., wife of J. T. Hamilton, a native of Wisconsin,
aged 44 years.
HAVES— In this city, April 19, 1898. at her re?i-
dence. 2509 Clay street, Catherine, beloved
mother of Timothy, Henry and James Hayes,
Mrs. M. Saultry of san Rafael, Mrs. J. Sheehau.
Mrs. E. Resch and the late Mrs. M. Donovan, a
native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
Friends and acquaint are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from her late resi-
dence, 2809 Clay street, thence to St. Dominic's
Church for services. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
HIGGINS— In this city, April 19. 1896, Mary
Higgins, beloved sister of Mrs. John Cody, a na-
tive of Ireland.
BES*The funeral will take place THIS DA.V
(Tuesday), at, 8:30 o'clock a.m., from the resi-
dence of her sister, 432. Harriet (formerly Clin-
ton) street, between Sixth and Seventh, off
Brannan, thence to 3t. Patrick's Church.where a
requiem high muss will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. v.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUFF— this city. April 18. 1898. Maiissa B.
Huff, mother of Mrs. Jennie R. Rkeher and
Joseph Huff, a native of lowa, aged. 5-1 years 8
months and 16 days.
Friends ana acquaintances a\-f respect-
fully Invited to attend' the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), a 1 2:30 o'clock p. M.. »Rom St. Mary's
college on Mission road. Interment Holy Crow
Cemetery.
KELLEY— Honolulu. H. 1., April 7. 1896, Luke
C. Kelley, a resident of Oakland, Cal., aged 66
years.
LEVINE— this city, April 19, 1896, Jacob, be-
loved husband of Hulda Levine, and father of
Louis. Max ana Aaron Levine, a native of Po-
land, aged 63 years.
X9~Frlends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. if., from his lat«
residence, cy a Cleveland street. Interment New
Salem Cemetery by 11:45 o'clock a. m. train.
MCALLISTER-In this city, April 20. 1896. Wil-
liam McAllister, a native of Ireland, aged 69
years.
Hfg-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. »r.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MUTH— In this city. April 18, 1896. John Muth,
brother of Jacob Muth of Los Angeles, a native
of Germany, aged 33 years 10 months and 2
days.
33-Frlends ana acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday),' at 3 o'clock- p. m.. from - the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzter. 636 Washington
street. Interment 1. O. >). F. Cemetery.
ROLFK— In this city, April 18, 1896, Aneus Les-
lie, beloved son of Thomas and Jessie Rolfe, and
grandson of Angus and Mary Leslie, a native of
Oakland, aged 11 years and 26 days.
SHAFER— In this city, April 19. 1596, Adele S.
Shafer (nee De Lavarenne), beloved mother of
H. A. Magendie, a native of Chateauroax,
France.- aged 66 years.
Friends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a.m.. from the residence
of her son, corner Union . avenue and Banks
street. Bern Heights, thence to St. Paul's
Church, Twenty-ninth and Church streets. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery. (
SHIRLEY— Tn this city, April 20. 1896, at her
residence, 1305 Jackson s-ree:, Jessie F. Shirley,
beloved niece of John Shirley, and sister of J. W.
Shirley and Mrs. M. C. McKew, a native of Sac-
ramento, Cal. ■
fly Notice of funeral hereafter.
SLAVES- In ' Oakland. April 20, 1896. John
Siaven. brother of -the late Mary Stanley and
Michael siaven, and uncle or Mrs. Charles Allen
and James Stanley, a native of Ireland, aged 59
years.
<S"Frlen<ls nnrt acquaintances am respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday) at 8:80 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of Charles Allen, Park avenue. Emery-
ville, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. if.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
WHITCOMB— In this city. April 19, 1833. F. S.
Whitcomb, a native of Minneapolis, Minn., aged
63 years. ■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday}, at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lore of . Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. - ....
UNITED UNDERTAKERS' I
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals '
■-•.;■ at Reasonable Rates. -
Telephone South 167. ■ 27 and 29 Fifth st. -
I McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS A EMBAI.MKRS,
tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. ,
Telephone 8080. > ■
(Jab. McMknomeyT™™""™ Chas. McMjesouht.
- JAMES McMESOMKt & -SON. > :
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
I ' - -- ■ Telephone No. 3354.
JAS. ENGLISH. : . T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMKRS, ;
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS, .
19 Van Ness aye;, near Market St., San Francisco
Xeleonone bo. 156.
;■-.-■ .■.■•--■-■ - ' • ' . ■ ■ .. . ■ " ""-■■.
1516
GRAND JURY'S
DAYLIGHT RAID
The Almshouse and Hos
pital Attaches Sur
prised.
TWO UNEXPECTED VISITS
Deplorable Condition of Affairs
at the City and County
Hospital.
THE POORHOUSE INDORSED.
Long Session of the Jury Last Night.
Almshouse Management Highly
Commended.
The Grand Jury yesterday succeeded in
effecting a daylight surprise on the Alms
house and City and County Hospital.
Without a word of warning, signal or pre
monition of their approach, fifteen mem
bers of the Grand Jury, led by Foreman
Frank Maskey, suddenly alighted from
vehicles at the gates of the Almshouse,
and were inspecting the institution before
the officers and inmates of the place knew
what had happened.
The same tactics were employed at the
City and County Hospital. When the
superintendent and his large staff of as
sistants were least expecting an official
call, the grand jurors were at the doors,
ready to see the way things are managed
at the institution in every-day style.
The Alrushouse was found in first-class
condition. The members of the jury
made their advent at the noon hour, when
the midday food was on the table. They
ate the food, looked into the rooms, closely
examined the kitchen and supply-rooms,
went over the grounds and talked with
the superintendent. They ascertained
that the latter knew his business; that he
was posted on prices and quality of pro
visions in daily use. and had an exact
knowledge of details as well as general
administrative knowledge.
At the City and County Hospital a de
plorable condition of affairs was disclosed.
The supplies were not of the best order,
the rooms were not cleanly and the insti
tion did not appear to be conducted in
a manner worthy of commendation.
Whether these faults are due to the Hos
pital Committee of the Board of Super
visors or to the Hoard of Health only the
official report of the Grand Jury will re
veal. It is the impression that the City
and County Hospital needs more atten
tion from the Supervisors.
The Magdalen Asylum was also visited
by the swift-moving fifteen and a thorough
survey of the management made.
Last evening the Grand Jury had a
special meeting at the jury-room in the
City Hall and reviewed the day's work.
The members congratulated themselves
and praised tbe foreman for the secrecy
enjoined in planning the movement and
the accuracy in the execution of plans.
It was the particular desire of the jury
to get at the cold, inside facts, and mem
bers were gifted with sufficient sagacity to
perceive that any heralding in advance of
their visit would put the managers of the
institutions on their guard and defeat the
purpose of the expedition.
The session last night was prolonged
until a late hour. The topic discussed
was a report of the expedition, which will
be transmitted to the Board of Health in
the form of an official communication.
The report will set forth that the mem
bers of the Grand Jury, animated by a
sense of public duty and guided by a
desire to promote the public good and in
no wise influenced by partisan prejudice,
visited these institutions. It is believed
that the report will frankly and explicitly
state that the jury found the Almshouse
in excellent condition and admirably man
aged throughout.
It is sure that the City and County Hos
pital will not be commended, but it is not
certain that the management will be cen
sured. The whole subject-matter of the
management of this institution may be
deferred until another time.
From the best information attainable
the official communication will go to the
Board of Health to-day. The report under
consideration last night was fully dis
cussed. Some members were in favor of
amplification, but the sentiment seemed
to be in favor of a concise statement
of the fact, that a special com
mittee had visited these institutions,
and while the jury had the utmost confi
dence in the integrity and judgment of
the members constituting the special com
mittee, it was deemed advisable for the
jury in a body to visit the Almhouse and
Hospital. Then the report will state dis
tinctly what was found lacking and what
was found existing.
In the preparation of the report Secre
tary McLennan was assisted by Theodore
Payne, Adolphus Bull, W. Arthur Price
and others. At 11 o'clock the jury had
not agreed as to the exact language of the
document.
Fonrquet's Mmfoiiuuei.
Joe Fourquet, 670 Montgomery avenue, was
discharged from the service of the San Fran
cisco District Telegraph Company yesterday
ruormng, because he charged 5 cents too much
lor a message. An hour later he was ridine
on a bicycle on Market street, and when oppo
sue btoekton, he fell off. He was taken to She
SEW TO-DAY.
B^W^'^W^iMsTr NO REST
fc»Wriw NO SLEEP
OR NIGHT
My hands were completely covered with Ec-
zema, and between my fingers the akin was
perfectly raw. I had to sit with both hands held .
up, and away from the fire. My husband had to
dress and undress mo like a baby. I tried the
bef-t physicians, bnt their medicines gave me no
relief, and drove me almost crazy. I was ad-
vised to try Cuticura Rembdiss, and did so,
although my husband had to go twenty miles to
get them. As soon as he got back, I used tho
CrjTiciTiu, and In Jive minute* after the first
application I teat perfectly easy, and tlept
toundly all that night. Before I commenced
using the Cctictjra Remedies I could get no
ease night or day. I could not boar to get warm,
It would put me in a rage of itching. I always
keep the Ccticcea Remedies in my house now.
and recommend them to everybody, because of
their wonderful effect. Yours gratefully
AGNES M. HARRIS, Push, Mecklenburg Co. Va
BPIBDT CCF.B TltltATllEST FOB TOOTCMKO T»T«-
nor.mo HusfOßs. - Warm bath. »ith cSTcur^Soa?
«QUe application, of CciicrEA (ointment?, th» VrJlt
AJtn Chkm. Coep., Sole Prop,., Borton. lrttx " E Dma »
CT" " Uow to Cur* Torturing Skiul)iieu«" fre-
Receiving Hospital, where it was found tnat
his right shoulder was dislocated and there
was a wound on his eyebrow.
CHINESE KNIFE-WIELDER.
Ah Sine Stabbed by Ah Sick on Jack-
son Street Last Night.
Ah Sick and Ah Sing, two Chinese
cheap-store merchants, became tangled up
in a personal altercation last night on
Jackson street and Ah Sick used a knife of
seven-inch blade with some effect.
Ah Sing wa6 slightly cut on the left side
of the breast and in the arm. The knife
slashes were superficial and will not prove
as serious as the wielder of the steel un
doubtedly wished at the time.
Sing was taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal to have the holes in his skin darned
with surgeon's silk and Ah Sick sojourns
at tne California-street station awaiting
developments.
The anatomical carving was the result of
one of the usual Chinese mix-ups. Ah
Sick says his victim was dressing a chicken
and fell on his knife. Ah Sing, the vic
tim, failed to substantiate the chicken
story, but says the knife was much in
evidence.
DISCUSSED EVOLUTION.
Charles A. Keeler of Berkeley Lectures
Kefore the Academy of Sciences.
Charles A. Keeler of Berkeley lectured
last night at the Academy of Sciences
upon "Natural Selection and Heredity."
He said that natural selection, or the
survival of the fittest, was not, as so many
persons thought, the preservation of plant
and animal forms that are most deserving
of life, but the survival of those best
adapted to live under the peculiar existing
conditions. The phrase was a misnomer,
he declared, from its very implication of
conscious choice. It is a" process that pre
serves but does not eliminate. Environ
ment is responsible for the thinning out of
species.
The next lecture of the course will be
by Professor Bernard Moses of the Uni
versity of California, who will discuss the
"p]conomic Aspect of Spanish Rule in
America."
BOTH LEGS AMPUTATED.
Terrible Accident to Joseph
Fagan, a Boy 17 Years
of Age.
Found on the Side of the Southern
Pacific Track on Harrison
Street.
Joseph Fagan. a boy 17 year 9of age liv
ing with his parents at 9 Alameda street,
had both of his legs amputated at the uity
and County Hospital last night by Drs.
Stahle and Dudley.
At 9:30 o'clock Joe Wilbron. 2717 How
ard street, notified the Seventeenth-street
police station that a boy was lying on the
side of the Southern Pacific track on Har
i rison street, between Seventeenth and
j Eighteenth, with both legs fearfully
i crushed. Policemen Connolly and Siat
tery were sent with the patrol wagon and
conveyea the boy to the hospital.
He was almost unconscious from ex
cessive pain, and it was with difficulty the
surgeons could get from nim his
name and address. Then he wa3 put un
| der anesthetics and his legs were am
j putatea, the right near the knee and the
I left near the ankle.
How the accident occurred is so far a
mystery. A freight train leaves Third and
Townsend streets at 9 o'clock and it is
presumed that young Fagan had been
stealing a ride on it, and in jumping off
had fallen with his legs under the wheels.
N6 one saw the accident, and how long
he had lain there before he was discovered
is not Known. He may have fallen off an
incoming train or been stealing a ride
on it.
The surgeons are doubtful if he can re
cover from his fearful injuries, althoueh
being so young he may pull through.
Captain W. L. McLaine, Stanford's Brilliant Pitcher, on Whom His University
Bases Its Hopes in To»Morrow's Intercollegiate Match.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 1896.
VINES WILL RISE
ABOVE THE FROST.
Cold Waves That Bring
Big Prices With
Them.
THE HIGHEST IN YEARS.
Twenty-Five Dollars a Ton
Freely Offered for
Grapes.
ONE-HALF OF THE CROP GONE.
Prices Will Offset the Loss and the
Grower Will Prosper
Anyway.
Grapes have gone up, crops have gone
down, and between the two conditions the
growers have not mucti of an idea as to
where they are.
In Healdsburc and Santa Rosa wine
men are offering $25 a ton for good grapes,
and in St. Helena the prices offered are
about the same, but old Father Frost has
left but few grapes upon the vines, com
paratively speaking, and the growers do
not know whether these bitter cold nights
have been a benefit or a curse.
There will probably be half a crop In
Sonoma Valley and about the same in
Napa Valley. One telegram from Napa
to the Wine-makers' Association an
nounced that the crop in the vicinity of
St. Helena had been ruined, and St.
Helena for miles around is surrounded
with vineyards.
It is nearly fifteen yeara since grapes
have been as high as $25 a ton, even at
this season of the year. It has frequently
happened that along in the early spring
offers have been made at prices far ex
ceeding the prices finally paid in the fall,
but in no case has it, even in early spring,
reached $25. Such prices have actually
been offered, however, and the frosts of
the last few nights have been responsiole.
It is estimated that the grape crop for
the year will be about one-half the usual
output. In Calistoga, the town at the up
per end of the Napa Valley vineyard dis
trict, the mercury went down to 27 de
grees, Fahrenheit. In Sonoma Valley it
went down to 32 and below; in Fresno it
went down far enough to blacken the
vines and blight the crop, and throughout
the State the cold wave has robbed the
farmers of millions of dollars.
So far as the vineyardmen are concerned,
however, the big prices offered for grapes
will in a great measure offset the ravages
of the cold wave. Grapes at $25 a ton is
something which has not been heard of
for years. Before the frost came $16, $18
and $20 were good prices, and many vine
yardists did not hesitate to sell at those
prices, but since the frosty mornings have
ran their course grapes have jumped to an
increase of from $5 to $9 a ton.
Andrea Sbarboro. secretary of the
Italian-Swiss Colony, which has 1000 acres
of vines at Asti, near Cloverdale, has re
ceived a letter from the superintendent of
the vineyard which gives some idea of the
damage done in the Sonoma Valley. The
Italian-Swiss Colony has a vineyard
which has never been badly frosted,
„ and since it was planted there have been
been some bad frosts in the valley, but the
superintendent, L. Vasconi, writes that
this year there will be but half a croD.
Sunday night, he says, robbed the vines of
half the newly formed bunches, and
should it be frosty again Monday night
almost the entire crop would be ruined.
From Napa Valley there came the news
that there was but little better prospect,
and in the southern part of the State the
cold fingers of the frost have robbed the
raisin vine and the wine vine alike.
There is this to say, however, in mitiga
tion of the damaee done— without it prices
would have dropped badly, for the indica
tions all pointed to a very full crop. Prices
were not very high before the frost, and
the prospect was that they would fall
much lower if the crop materialized.
Mr. Sbarboro of the Italian-Swiss colony
is of the opinion that while the frost was
a bad one its effect has been to raise the
price so high as to almost compensate for
the loss of the crop.
"We have never had any serious frost
since we organized the colony," he said
last evening, "but the superintendent
writes me a very hopeless letter," and he
read the note already quoted. "The
effect, however, has been to raise the
price of grapes very materially, for
a little while ago but $16 and $18 were
offered. Grapes have not been so high
since 1881. Then $25 and $30 were offered,
but since then there has been a steady de
cline. The California Wine-makerß' As
sociation did much to keep the prices up,
but even with that association the prices
have remained low. I believe that we will
have but half a crop, and we are well
situated as regards frost. What then
must be the condition of others?
"I think, also, that the prices of wine
will folJow the prices of prapes. We have
been shipping a great deal of wine
East under the low freights, and most
of the small cellars, and, indeed, the
large ones, too, are empty, or nearly
so. The ruling prices have been
about 15 cents, but this must go
up with the price of grapes. There was
danger from the outlook early in the year
that there would De too big a crop, that
the grapes would come in in such quanti
ties as to swamp the market, but the frost
has stopped this, and if there is nothing
else there will be at least good prices. I
would not be surprised if prices would go
even to $30 a ton."
Reports from Healdsburg, parts of
Santa Clara, Sonoma, Fresno .and other
wine and vine districts show that prices
are advancing rapidly, and the man who
has a good crop of grapes has the
chance of a lifetime. The prices are
higher than they have been in
many years, and the outlook is that
they will be higher. The frost has given
them a lift which may be permanent
under existing circumstances; and the
frost may not be so bad after ail, for the
bitter cold air which shriveled bunches
has been tempered with gold, and those
who have a crop at all will sell once more
for the prices which used to rule when
grape-growing was in its infancy.
WILL FAVOR THIS CITY.
Endeavorers Convinced That
25,000 Delegates Could Be
Housed.
Big Convention of '97 in a Fair Way
to Spend Five Days and Some
Money Here.
This City is in a fair way to secure the
Christian Endeavor convention for 1897.
The officers high in authority in the great
organization have come to have a look at
San Francisco to see if it is suited to the
entertainment of thousands of delegates
and they have gone away with smiles on
their faces that augur well for San Fran
cisco's success when it comes to a vote at
this year's convention, to be held at Wash
ington in July.
This convention is a bigger thing and
means more to San Francisco in a financial
way probably than the Republican con
vention would have meant. At the Wash
ington convention 60,000 regular delegates
are expected. There were 4^,000 delegates
at the convention^of 1895, held in Boston.
It is stated that fully 25,000 or 30,000 dele
gates may be expected to attend the con
vention here.
What that implies may be figured out
by the merchants to whom appeals
will be mcde ti helpraise thes2o,oooneces
sary for the expenses. The convention
will be in session from a Wednesday night
until a Monday night. Each of the 25,000
oelegntes will pay his own expenses for
meals, carfare and sundries during those
five days, a fair estimate wing $10 spent
by each individual or $400,000 by the whole
delegation without taking into considera
tion what the Easterners may be expected
to spend for souvenirs of their visit.
This is the way the proposition was dis
cussed at a rousing meeting of Endeavorers
held in the Y. M. C. A. building last nigiit.
There were 1000 young people in attend
ance, and it was the first of a series of
meetings they will hold to raise convention
funds. Last night each one present con
tributed as many 1-cent pieces as he or she
was years old, and a big sackful was the re
sult.
Rolia V. Wati telegraphed to Los
Angeles yesterday asking how much La
Fiesta cost the city, his purpose being to
make comparisons for the expected' con
vention. The reply came that the citizens
of Los Angeles contributed $19,000 for La
Fiesta of 1895, and $24,500 for the fete now
in progress. He thinks that as a business
proposition alone San Francisco ought to
clear very much more on a convention of
25,000 people than Los Angeles from the
visitors to La Fiesta.
J. S. Webster addressed the meeting last
night. He said that the visit of William
Shaw, the treasurer of the World's Society
of Christian Endeavor, that now numbers
several million members, started for San
Jose during the day completely satisfied
that San Francisco is the place for the
next convention. President Clark and
Secretary Bear, who were here looking
about before him, also went away with the
same opinion.
All the societies concerned have agreed
to stand good for $5000 of the $20,000 re
quired.
One feature that would have been a se
rious drawback to California's chance was
the transportation rate, but even that
promises to be obviated, as the railroad
companies have intimated that when the
time comes for the consideration of the
matter they will give a satisfactory rate.
It would require the Mechanics' Pavilion
and two immense tents to accommodate
the meetings, three of 5000 each being Held
three times a day.
She Threatened Suicide.
Mrs. Fred Redmon, while suffering from ner
vous prostration, wrote Coroner Hawkins that
she contemplated suicide to end her troubles.
A sister who lives at 202 Van Ness avenue
says Mrs. Redmon has been sent to San Jose to
regain her health.
Sons of Revolutionary Sires.
The Sons of Revolutionary Sires had a meet
ing last night at Pioneer Hall for the purpose
of arranging for the commemoration of the
cattle of Lexington. There were about twenty
five persons present. The meeting was a short
one.
Ladies' Southern ties, $1 45, all shades, every
toe. Kyan & Kyan, 10 ilongomery avenue, •
STANFORD'S "STAR" MAN
Just at Present He Is Mr. Mc-
Lame, the Eminent Base
bailist.
THE BIG MATCH TO-MOBBOW
Berkeley, Stronger Than Ever Before,
Will Try to Break Her Old
Hoodoo.
The Varsity nine at the Stanford Uni*
versity in tiding over what is to the Palo
Alto team an off year in baseball is relying
upon the skill of its only remaining vet
eran player, McLaine, its captain and
pitcher, to hold the championship from
tiie University of California and to com
plete an unbroken record of five years'
supremacy over the blue and gold on the
baseball field.
To-morrow afternoon the two university
nines meet on the campus at Berkeley for
the first of a series of tnree games 10 de
cide the annual championship. It is gen
erally conceded by the partisans of both
teams that this year California has the
most favorable opportunity she has yet
possessed to demolish the "Berkeley hoo
doo on baseball.
McLaine is naturally a pitcher. As a
child ud in the little mining town of Vol
cano, Amador County, where he was born
twenty-two years ago, he showed a re
markable accuracy in throwing stones, and
later, when his parents moved to San
Francisco and he entered St. Mathew's
Hall at San Mateo, his skill gained him
immediate recognition as the phenomenal
young pitcher of his school, a reputation
that remained with him up to the time of
his graduation in '91. For several years
he occupied the box in everj game that
his school team played with Belmont
School, the University of the Pacific, Trin
ity School and the local nines of the towns
in the Santa Clara Valley. And those
were the days when baseball was at its ze
nith.
In 1892 he entered Stanford and made
the Varsity in his freshman year. Now, in
his senior year, he is in the fourth season.
This year, while the Berkeley team has
been more fortunate than formerly, it has
not received any additions from other col
leges, whereas the best new man on the
Stanford Varsity was on the Vanderbilt
University team last year, and another ad
dition is the brother of "Pick" Sharp, the
professional ball-player.
McLaine is not what is called a "strike
out pitcher." He depends more upon his
careiul control in placing the ball just
where the batter will be least able to get
at it for an effective hit. His best curve is
a high in that shoots suddenly so close to
the batter's neck that if he succeed in hit
ting it he does so close up on the handle
of the bat.
McLaine is a nephew of Henry Crocker
of thia City and at college is a member of
the Fiji fraternity and of the senior society
of Sigma Sigma.
If to-morrow is a very warm day there
should be an exhibition of pitching, for it
takes hot weather for a pitcher to perform
at his best.
NEW TO-DAY.
LEVIN BROS,,
LEADING GROCERS.
Special forJMs Week!
COCOA.
The town went wild over our sale of ROYAL
DUTCH COCOA. We have concluded to continue
the sale one week longer, ana every person who
visits our store we will present a package and
Cook Book of ROYAL DUTCH COCOA FREE.
25c size, reduced to 15c
MELANGE.
Assortment of Fruits preserved in syrup, packed
in glass jars.
.Large size, 25c; small size, 15c.
- Regular price, 25c and 50c.
SOAP.
Genuine Imported French Virgin White Castile
Soap, 25c a bar.
Regular price, 35c
SWEET^WINES.
Pears Vineyard, Napa County, vintage 1890,
Port, Sherry, Angelica, Madeira, Tokay, Malaga.
Three bottles for $1.
Regular price, 50c a Dottle.
DEVILED" HAMS.
p lilbby, McNeill & Libby. with patent key opener
Large size, 10c; regular price, 20c.
Small size, sc; regular price, 10c.
Full line of Picnic Supplies.
'BUTTER.
I Extra Choice Point Reyes Creamery, squares 30c
Choice Point Reyes Butter, squares 25c
Telephone South 398.
. Send for Monthly Price List Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
1324-1326 MARKET STREET
(Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall).
AND
134 SIXTH STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
OAKLAND BRANCHES— • >
Cor. Tenth and Washington Sts.
1734-1736 Seventh St.
Louis XV
Waists==
Something new and nobby in Fancy Silk
Waists.
LIGHT TAN JACKETS,
• In harmony with the season; prettiest ever
made.
TAILOR-MADE SUITS,
Latest ideas of Paris. London and New York.
Prices in harmony with the times.
ARHAND CAILLEAU,
46-4-8 Geary St.. Cor. Grant Aye.
$75 « 4 ROOMS
%|# M %0 CONSISTING OF
FUB.KTITUIIH
PARLOR,BEMOQM I DININC-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard 50 Cents
OilCloth, per yard...... . ........:.....«5 Cento
Matting, per yard .................... .10 Cento
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces ............. 825 00 *
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror .'.B*s 00
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
, - OPEN EVENINGS
: Foor-Room C«t»logne« Mailed Free. 1 ': ■ v - ■s .
- CO* Free Picking u4 Delireu acroat the B«j.
:; ; V- vV NEW TO-PAY-PRTGOOPB. ____.. _ , _
EXCEEDINGLY
ATTRACTIVE BARGAINS
IN
NEW AND STYLISH
DRESS GOODS MD SMS!
Notwithstandingr the UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS
of our weekly special sales of Spring Dress Mate-
rials, which have been THE ATTRACTION OF
THE TOWN ever since they were inaugurated,
the advancing season and the unusual immensity
of our importations FORCE US TO STILL FUR-
THER INCREASE OUR OUTPUT by offering the
following and many other lines of new and fash-
ionable fabrics at
THE LOWEST PRICES EVER RECORDED!
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
j&Jt 25 Cents.
7500 yards 37-INCH FANCY STRIPED SCOTCH CHEVIOT, summer colorings, re*,
ular price 40c, will be placed on sale at 25c a yard.
-A-t 35 Cents.
6400 yards 37-INCH ENGLISH MIXED TWEED SUITING, extra value for 60c, will
be placed on sale at 35c a yard. '
-A_t as Cents.
5800 yards 38-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL NAVY STORM SERGE, splendid value for
50c, will be placed on sale at 35c a yard. i Vv -;'>- >
-A.* SO Cents.
4900 yards 54-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH SURAH SERGE plain
colors, former price $1, will be placed on sale at 50c a yard.
At BO Cents.
4200 yards 52-INCH PINHEAD CHECKS, in brown, tan and grays, extra value for
75c, will be placed on sale at 50c a yard.
-A.t TS Cents.
3840 yards 44-INCH GOOD ALL-WOO^ SCOTCH MIXED SUITING, in hairlines
checks and mixed effects, fine value for $1 25, will be placed on sale at 75c a yard. '
At 73 Cents.
2900 yards 44-INCH SUPERIOR ALL-WOOL NOVELTY CHECKS, bright effects
regular value for ?1 25, will be placed on sale at 75c a yard. '
-A-t SI.OO.
8650 yards 42-INCH SILK AND WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY SUITING newest col.
j\: orings and designs, worth $1 50, will be placed on sale at $1 a yard.
-<»wt $1.25.
2700 yards 44-INCH HIGH GRADE SILK AND WOOL MOHAIR SUITING reenlar
price $1 75, will be placed on sale at $1 25 a j'ard. * ' itfiUiai
SILK DEPARTMENT.
-A.t 3O Cents a . "sT«,x"ci..
20 pieces 24-INCH CREAM WHITE INDIA SILK, finest quality, regular price 45c
will be offered at 30c a yard. '
-A-t 65 Cents «. TZ'a.r'ca..
100 pieces BLACK PEKIN SATIN, in all the different sized stripes, regular price $1
will be offered at 55c a yard. •
-A.t 75 Cents a. Yard.
50 pieces CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK, in the very latest shad ings, regular price
90c, will be offered at 75c a yard. *
-A.t *75 Cents a, "sTa,xr«dl.
40 pieces BLACK BROCADED DUCHESSE SATIN, small and large designs reeular
price $1, will be offered at 75c a yard. ■,';,.?.
At 75 Cents a, Yard.
60 pieces FANCY TAFFETA SILK, in stripes, checks and figured designs reeular
■ price $1, will be offered at 75c a yard. ' * D - Uior
.A.t GS Cexxts a. 7E"«,x-ci.
15 pieces BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE. 23 inches wide, extra heavy quality, reeular
price $1 25, will be offered at 85c a yard. * i uam regular
At 61. OO a T?"«,xrca..
50 P il C 2 5 B wnf beMe^aU? a yard!" * SatiD *** Gr ° S - Grain groUndB ' regular price
At 61. 00 a, Yard.
10 P wil?be 2 of?e C re d a^^rd AU DE ° IE ' SOft ' h ™* qUali *' re^ lar Price ,1 50,
-A.t 01.00 a, "^"a,x-c3l.
40 l e m^Xed\ N .^ F S ASlLKanalUhellte!t " h « di ■*<"« pric. ,1 25.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
i'l^U-'-i: -A.t 5O Cents.
"Tff'ered'aSa^aYd^ 0 ENGLISH ' ALPACAS, extra good value for 75c > will to
-A-t SO Cents
2Ca wUlte^wVs^ L a P yar d E °° L ENGLISH ™™ SERGE ' regular value 75c,
-A-t "75 Cents
25 pieces 46-INCH EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL FRENCH HENRIETTA extra
good value for $1, will be sold at 75c a yard. «■*•««« .nr,rmiiiiiA, extra
25 Tt"^ yard? AL^ WOOL^*^ YS CH^VIOT| a r"egular value $1 25, will be sold
2 "T/sotd 1 at C A a L L ar P d URE L WAGO^ALCHEVIOT, regular value $1 25, will
"^Sl'SS'ffiSS^i^a ALL-WOOL BISKEI WEAVE worth „„,„
*^if™°£rF QVRBiD IR^*KAME°^°PACA, actual value 5150, will be
25 P a e yard. " INCH ALL WOOL FRENCH CREWS', worth $1 75, will be sold at ?i 23
20P wS^^oK ? fS E y Ll^^^ extra ° d VBlne for ' 2
ro^-^^J^^ SPRING CATALOGUE is now ready for distribution to oar
COUNTRY PATRONS ONLY, to whom it will be mailed free on receipt of address.
/ MfgH&*^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Ml\\ Stilt comer ol Jones, /
aA»r J;*JrlA.WOlfloo. :