VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 80.
HUNTINGTON IS
ON THE RACK
; Denies All the Charges of
Fraud Made in the
Memorial.
SLURS ON THE SIGNERS.
Senator Morgan Asks Some Very
Unpleasant Questions of
the Magnate.
CONSOLIDATION OF THE ROADS
Would Place the People of the Pacific
Coast at the Mercy of the
Combine.
WASHINGTON, D. , C, Feb. 17.— The
Senate Committee on Pacific Railroads
this morning resumed its hearings on
Pacific railroad matters. F. B. Thurber of
New York, representing the Board of
Trade, appeared before the committee and
made an argument in opposition to Gov
ernment ownership of Pacific railroads,
and in favor of the adjustment of the Gov
ernment debt, on the best terms practic
able. Such an adjustment, he said, would
be an important starting point for placing
the railroads in this country on a better
basis, and would thus have an important
bearing on the entire commercial interests
of the country. He had aided Mr. R igan
of Texas in urging the enactment of legis
lation against railroad pooling, but experi
ence and the logic of events had convinced
Mr. Reagan and himself that the prohi
bition of pooling was unwise.
Tbe problem now was to eliminate un
just discriminations. Mr. Thurber has
changed his opinion in regard to pooling
because the experience of the last eight
years in which pooling has been prohibited
had demonstrated that a greater inequal
ity, more injustice and more favoritism in
rates now existed than before.
Replying to questions, Mr. Thurber'said
he favored Governmental control of the
bonded railroads, but not Governmental
ownership.
Senator Morgan asked Mr. Thurber if
from the beginning aboard of directors ap
pointed by the President* and confirmed
by the Senate, and of honorable character,
bad been selected, whether he thought the
Credit Mobilier would ever have grown up
in that company.
Mr. Thurber replied that he thought the
chances for baa management increased as
soon as the management of railroads was
taken into politics. Tbe .Credit Mobilier
was largely due to the Government hav
ing had nothing to do with the owner
ship or management of railroads.
Senator Morgan endeavored to get the
opinion of the witness as to whether the
Government or the private directors were
responsible for the Credit Mobilier, but
Mr. Thurber either does not know or does
not care to express an opinion. Morgan
pressed his question in various forms, but
Mr. Thurber was inclined to believe that
the Government directors were probably
no better than any other class.
Senator Morgan, in his cross-examina
tion, was somewhat sarcastic in his refer
ence to the Credit Mobilier, and finally
Senator Frye, who had been growing
restless, said curtly: "You would never
have had any Pacific railroad had you not
had a Credit Mobilier. it was nothing and
is nothing but a construction company,
and you have the same in connection with
the Nicaraguan canal. It is in every great
public work."
--"If I thought so for a moment." replied
Senator Morgan, "important as I consider
that great work I would abandon it at
once."
Continuing his argument Mr. Thurber
said he believed by a co-operation of all
interests concerned and extending the
time for the payment of the first and sec
ond mortgage bonds the Government
could be repaid in full and something re
main for the stockholders. Mr. Thurber
favored Mr. Frye's bill relating to the Cen
tral Pacific.
Collis P. Huntington, president of the
Southern Pacific Railway, was the first
witness at the afternoon meeting. Mr,
Huntington was examined closely and at
great length by Senator Morgan in an en
deavor to show that the consolidation of
the Southern Pacific and Central Pacific
under one management placed the people
of the Pacific Coast at the mercy of the
combination In regard to transportation
rates, but Mr. Huntington denied that the
consolidation would create a monopoly of
the Pacific Coast business.
After spending considerable time in wor
rying Mr. Huntington over this phase of
the question Senator Morgan produced a
printed copy of the memorial adopted at a
recent public meeting in San Francisco in
opposition to the extension of the Govern
ment debt of the Pacific railroads. This
memorial was largely made up of allega
tions and charges against Huntington,
Stanford, Crocker and Hopkins in connec
tion with the contract and finance com
pany which built the Central Pacific road.
All the charges and allegations of fraud
were denied by Mr. Huntington, who more
than on remarked that the fact of such
statements being made by Adolph Sutro
rata the others whose names were given
was a sufficient indication of their being
false.
Finally, at about 5 o'clock, the other
members of the committee, who had
taken no part in these lines of inquiry, in
terfered with a suggestion that while the
examination might be interesting it had
no bearing whatever on the real question
before the committee, which was as to the
adjustment to be made between the Gov
ernment and the Pacific railroads.
Morgan insisted that he had a right as a
Senator to have his conscience informed
on the whole history of the building of the
Pacific railroads and said that he would
continue that line of investigation at the
The San Francisco Call.
next meeting of the committee. The com
mittee thereupon adjourned until to
morrow morning.
VfMJBASr OX THE GRIVIROX.
Huntington Forced by Morgan to Slake
Admissions.
I WASHINGTON, D.C.Feb. Senator
Morgan had Huntington on the gridiron
to-day for more than an hour. Morgan
fired one hot question after another at the
railroad magnate. It was a merciless at
tack. Huntington squirmed and twisted
in his seat and presented really a pitiable
spectable. Morgan was well armed with
facts. He had a small memorandum-book
filled with notes. He seemed to take a
keen delight in torturing his victim.
Huntington would affect an air of wounded
dignity and again of indignation.
"When Morgan drew from his desk the
memorial adopted at the convention in
San Francisco and questioned him about
fraudulent transactions of the Contract
and Finance Company, he grew quite in
dignant and repelled the insinuation of
fraud made against Stanford, Hopkins,
Crocker and himself. He said the fact that
Adolph Sutro and others "of that stamp"
participated in this convention and in pre
paring the memorial making such allega
tions would be sufficient proof of their
falsity to those who were acquainted with
the character of these men.
Morgan questioned him closely about the
cost of constructing the Central Pacific.
"Now, Mr. Huntington, this road did
not cost as much money as claimed. Your
directors diverted a part of the funds, did
they not? What did you do with the
money? You cannot show that you ex
pended it in constructing the road, can
you?"
After repeated questions of this charac
ter, Huntington was forced to admit that
there was $10,000,000 which could not be
accounted for.
"Yes, nnd you got that and a great deal
more, didn't you?" asked Morgan.
Mr. Huntington moved uneasily in his
chair; his features twitched, he clenched
his hands convulsively and looked appeal
ing!}' at other members of the committee.
Senator Brice came to his relief.
"I object to this mode of cross-examina
tion," declared he; "Mr. Huntington is
not on trial here. The alleged fraudulent
transactions of the Contract and Finance
Company or of the Central Pacific di
rectors or stockholders is not germane to
the question before us. This is a business
proposition and this line of questioning is
uncalled for.''
Senator Morgan replied: "I differ with
the Senator and think it is pertinent to
the matter at issue, whether these direc
tors defrauded the Government. At least
I am the custodian of my own conscience,
and I want to bring cut the facts, that we
may arrive at a conscientious conclusion
in dealing with this important question."
Morgan then asked numerous questions
about the officers and organization of the
Southern Pacific, Central and Union Pa
cific and Oregon Short Line. To many of
these questions Huntington replied, "I
don't know; really I cannot remember."
"Then, why don't you bring before us
.some of your agents who do know soiue
thing?" demanded Morgan.
Brice again objected, but Morgan Was
persistent, and handled Huntington as a
cat would worry a rat. He inquired about
some of Huntington's steamships, and
how they were built and what they cost.
When Huntington explained that half
cash had been paid for them, Morgan de
manded to know why he had issued bonds
for half cash, what he did with the pro
ceeds of one-half the bonds, was it di
verted ?
"I object to this, Mr. Chairman," said
a member, but Morgan soon went after
him again. In response to one question
Huntington said he thought there was no
traffic agreement at present between the
Southern Pacific and Canadian Pacific
Railroad.
"I don't know, though, for certain,"
said he.
"What do you know?" asked Morgan.
"You seem to know very little about your
own business."
Huntington denied that the Southern
Pacific line from San Francisco to Portland
enabled it to compete with the Oregon Short
Line for traffic from the East lo tbe North
Pacific Coast, saying: "It is a good deal
farther to the North Pacific Coast by our
line than the Oregon Short Line, and ship
pers usually take advantage of. the shortest
route. We cannot compete .with them
very well."
Morgan again returned to his questions
about the contract and finance company
and Huntington got nervous again and
looked around appealingly.
Senator Frye this time came to his
rescue. He said that the question of
stockholders' liability and of whether, in
case stockholders had defrauded the Gov
ernment, they should be pursued with
reference to that liability, was one for a
court to decide.
Morgan held his ground and replied
that it was his duty to satisfy his con
science as to whether the question was one
that could be disposed of in that. way.
Senator Morgan, taking up a pamphlet,
said: . • '-'•' :. ;
"Mr. Huntington, I have here a number
ot statements which, if true,, would be
damaging to you personally and to the
interests you represent. I come from a
State which has no feeling in this matter
one way or the other. I shall put these
allegations to you in the form of questions
and give you an opportunity, which you
will no doubt be glad to have, of admit
ting or denying them according to the
truth."
In the questions that followed Hunting
ton denied that the stockholders were
liable under the State law of California,
and his counsel rose to say that this ques
tion as involved ' in the Stanford case
would soon be determined by the Supreme
Court.
Points which Huntington admitted prac
tically without reservation were that
Huntington, Hopkins, Stanford and
Crocker did own the Central Pacific and
were those who constituted the contract
and finance company: also statements
contained in pamphlet about the amount
of land which came into the hands of the
Central and Southern Pacific corporations
as subsidies, with special reference to tide
lands in Mission Bay. He was non-com
mittal about the amount of water front
owned in Berkeley, Oakland and Alameda,
and stated that to his belief it did hot ex
tend more than five miles.
Huntington acknowledged practically
that the Southern. Pacific Company had
received a certain amount of stock from
Wells, Fargo & Co. in exchange for valua
ble transportation privileges. He denied
the statement that the Central Pacific
cost $57,000,000. Then followed a long col
loquy in which Morgan endeavored to find
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 18; 1896.
How It Would Work— The Funding Scheme in Operation.
where exact information could be pro
cured as to what the road actually did
cost.
Huntington could not remember just
who kept charge of the books or what be
came of them, but said he believed
that they had been among a room full of
waste paper and old account books, which
he had sold to a wastepaper man.
Morgan found it extremely difficult to
get answers to his questions. At one point
he took occasion to say that the object of
his questions was not to discover beliefs,
but facts.
It was brought out that the considera
tion accepted by the contract and finance
Company for building the Central Pacific
was stock in the road to the face value of
$60,000,000, . : which was subsequently sold
for about half that amount; also- first
mortgage bonds of the road and all United
States bonds, the total of all having the
face value of j $116,000,000. When finally
pressed to state within five or ten millions
of the actual cost of the Central Pacific
Huntington said that he believed that the
cost was in the neighborhood of $90,000,000.
There were but few humorous passages
or amusing episoaes, but toward the close
Morgan said : ?• y-y :;y;-y>,,y •
"If I were not satisfied, Mr. Hunting
ton, that you were a friend of the people I
should not care to trust you with sdch vast
railroad organizations."
"I am glad the Senator makes that
statement," replied the magnate, "foe the
Bible says, 'Out of abundance of the heart
the mouth speaketh.' " ',
Huntington did not think that $100,
--000,000, nor half that amount, could be
raised on the property of the Kentucky
corporation, although he admitted that
the stock of the corporation had a face
value of about $100,000,000. The fact was
brought out that the corporation owned
twenty ships plying in Atlantic waters in
connection with this railroad line, and
valued at over $0,000,000. The Pacific
Mail and Occidental and Oriental lines
were not owned by the corporation, but
were controlled by the Union and Central
Pacific.
Morgan again went after Huntington
savagely about the arrangement with the
Panama Railroad. To many questions
Huntington could only, reply. "I do not
remember" and "I do not know."
Morgan finally dismissed him by declar
ing:
"I sent for you on the supposition that
you did know something about the cor
porations of which you are president, but
if you don't know the answers to these
questions I'll send for one who does."
The hearing -will be resumed to-morrow.
On Thursday Huntington will appear be
fore the House Committee and will be
cross-examined by Representative Ma
gulre.
a>
REPEAL OF THE CHARTER.
Huntington's Slim. Chance in the Ken-
tucky Battle.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 17.— bill
to repeal the Southern Pacific charter was
not reached in the Senate to-day, and the
probabilities are that several days will
elaose before the measure is brought before
that body for consideration.
This was occasioned by making a spe
cial order of the bill to repeal the equaliza
tion board law, which was under discus
sion to-day, and in which it is said the
enemies of the repeal bill are taking a big
hand in the fight for the purpose of delay
ing the passage of the repeal bill. Friends
of the repeal bill are losing no time and
are firm in their determination to get the
bill through before the session" closes, of
which there yet remains 'only twenty-five
more working days.
The only danger now seems the delay,
and it is believed the measure is suffi
ciently strong to force its ' way through,
despite the friends of Huntington, who
are taking advantage of every technical
point of parliamentary procedure to force
the bill through the longest • routes
for delay. Mayor Sutro has been
lending valuable aid to the local
friends of the bill by laying be
fore each member a copy of the argument
addressed to lawyers in \ Congress in the
matter of funding the debt which the Cen
tral Pacific owes to the United States, by
L. D. McKisick, and the Pacific Railroad
debts, anti-funding and foreclosure memo
rial of the California State Convention,
which reached the members this morning
and has gone a good ways in showing the
true condition of affairs. • '-..
Colonel John T. Harrington, Judge Ad
vocate-General , on the staff of Governor
Budd of California, is here on a visit to
William Waggoner. He is a native Ken
tuckian. He said : .•;,::'•:"
"1 am opposed to the passage of the bil),
and while I am £ not actively at work
against the measure, if asked, will not re
frain from expressing my opinion."
ARBITRATION
NOW DESIRED
English Statesmen Who Do
Not Uphold Salisbury's
Policy.
HEARD IN THE COMMONS.
Ringing ; Words Show That This
Country Is Duly Respected '
by Britons.
SPEEDY SETTLEMENT WANTED.
Venezuela Declared to Be Not Worth
Entering Into a Controversy
"": With Uncle Sam.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 17.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day James Francis Hogan,
member for Middle Tipperary, asked the
Government when the commission to con
sider the matter of laying a Pacific sub
marine cable would assemble.
The Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain,
Secretary of State for the Colonies, said
that the time of the meeting of the .com
mission would not be decided until the
names of the members of that body had
been received by the Government.
George N. Curzon, Parliamentary Secre
tary for Foreign Affairs, stated that the
Government had no knowledge that
Russia had been invited to occupy and
police the Turkish territory of Asia Minor.
Such an act on the part of Russia With
out the assent of the powers, he said,
would be a violation of the existing
treaties.
The House took up the debate on the
amendment to the address in reply to the
Queen's speech moved on Friday by Timo
thy Harrington. Parnellite member for the
harbor division of Dublin, favoring the re
lease of Irish political prisoners.
John E. Redmond (Parnellte) made an
impassioned speech in which he said that
the feeling throughout Ireland was in
favor of amnesty for tbe Irish political
prisoners. The use of dynamite, he said,
had originated with Irish-Americans, who
were regarded .by Irishmen generally as
being mad and reckless.
All Irishmen, he declared, now con
curred in the belief that the time had ar
rived for the exercise of clemency toward
the .Irish political prisoners. The Irish,
Mr. Redmond said, were blamed for their
lack of sympathy with England in her for
eign complications.
They would be hypocrites if they were
to pretend that they were in sympathy
with England. Were these hatreds, he
asked, to exist forever? He hoped rather
to see the day when England and Ireland
would face the world hand in hand. He
appealed to the Government to hasten the
day of the release of an old and dead mo
ment of passion and madness. [Irish
cheers.] 5
Balfour said that the Government must
follow the regular practice. The quin
quennial revision of sentences would oc
cur in a year or two when, the revision
would be applied to the Irish prisoners
with absolute impartiality.
- Professor Lecky, the historian, was
loudly cheered as he rose to make his first
speech in the* House, urging clemency for
the Irish prisoners.
Balfour moved closure, which was car
ried by a vote of 270 to 107, and Mr. Har
rington's amendment was rejected— 275 to
117. r ' : •." . ,- ■ ■ - * ',■'-.-
L. , Atherley-Jones, radical 'member for
Northwest Durham, moved an amend
ment to the address in reply to the Queen's
speech, deploring the absence i from ■ the
speech ■ from [ the throne .of ;an assurance
that the whole - boundary dispute with
Venezuela will be referred to arbitration
in accordance with the suggestion of the
United States.
In speaking to his motion Atherlcy-
Jones declared that Great Britain had
seven times changed the boundary be
tween British Guiana and Venezuela, and
asked how it could be claimed that the
territory in dispute could be outside the
pale of arbitration. He reviewed the ques
tion in all its aspects since 1814.
Before the motion could be seconded the
Right Hon. A. J. Balfour, First Lord of
the Treasury and Government leader in
the House, interposed and appealed to tbe
House on his responsibility as Minister of
the crown not to continue the debate. He
declared that he was of the opinion that the
continuation of the debate would ' not
serve the purpose Atherley- Jones had in
view, as it would not make ' an ' honorable
solution of the difficulty easier. He there
fore hoped that the House, realizing how
grave the issues were that were j at stake,
would not further discuss on this occasion
the policy that had been pursued or would
be piirsued. '
William Allen, advanced radical mem
ber , for Gateshead, then seconded the
amendment. The whole matter, he de
clared, was a tempest in. a teapot. Gold,
as usual, was at the bottom of the whole
trouble. The country in dispute was a
nest of yellow fever and was not worth
fighting for.
Henry Labouchere, the Radical leader,
said that after the statement made by Mr.
Balfour it was impossible to continue the
debate. [Cries of "Hear, hear."] He hoped
he might take it that the dispute Would be
speedily settled to the satisfaction of both
countries. .
John Dillon, anti-Parnellite member for
East Mayo, followed Mr. Laboucbere. He
said he trusted that no appeal from the
Government would induce the mover of
the amendment to withdraw his motion.
The American people, he added, ought to
have some indication of the intensity of
the feeling existing in the House of Com
mons against the mere suggestion of war
with the United States.
The action of the American Government
had been most patient and forbearing, and
it ought to be made known to the Ameri
cans that Lord Salisbury's dispatch to Sec
retary Olney did not represent the feeling
of the people of this country. He was
glad to note the recent improved tone of
puclic opinion. ; • .'
Even Lord Salisbury had turned his at
tention to insulting a somewhat smaller
nation than the United States. In the
view of nine-tenths of the people of Ire
land the whole question ought to be sub
mitted to unlimited arbitration. .
If the Ministry tried to plunge the coun
try into a war for an unjust' cause. by re
fusing to .grant arbitration, he had the
right to claim that there would arise from
millions of Englishmen and Irishmen the
strongest possible condemnation. [Cries
of "Hear! hear!"] y,^-
Sir William Vernon' Harcourt, the Lib
eral leader in the House, said he was glad
that.the amendment had been moved in
the interests of arbitration, but he did not
think he could insist that the amendment
was the best way to attain the end in view.
Of course, such an amendment could not
be accepted by the Government, and must,
if pressed, to a division, be lost by a largo
majority. If that happened, it would go
forth to America that the House had pro
nounced against arbitration, although he
was convinced that that was the end that
all wished to be attained. [Cries of "Hear !
hear!"]
What the House had to do was to show
that there was no difference of opinion on
the subject. He was perfectly certain that
both inside and outside of the House the
consensus of opinion was in favor of peace
ful arbitration. Their main object ought
to be to express such opinion. It could
not be done by joining issue on the amend
ment. ■ ■ ';■ . • . ' ■"■':
He took the opportunity to deprecate
the ; language sometimes ' used, alleging
that President Cleveland had acted from
election motives. y There seemed to be a
tendency in certain quarters to think that
the United States had acted in a sudden,
offensive manner.-: As a matter of fact,
they had been pressing for a settlement of
the question for the last ten '; years, always
in a most friendly spirit, [Cries of "Hear !
hear!"] . % , I
Every effort ought to be made to remove
all causes of irritation. : He trusted that no
further delay would occur, and that every
thing y would be done to bringa bout
a • speedy settlement. Sir y William
further said that V the points of dif
ference between Great Britain and
the United * States were \ insignificant ■ and
could easily be \ settled by the Cabinets of
both countries, but if the populace on both
sides were allowed to raise excitement
through ignorance of the real matters at
issue, there would be great danger of strife.
He appealed to Atherley-Jones to with
draw his amendment, which was done,
the Speaker checking an attempt on the,
part of the Irish members to continue the
discussion.
In its issue of to-morrow the Daily News
will remark the gravity of Mr. Balfour's
statements in the House of Commons
this evening anent Atherley- Jones' amend
ment and will add that as a matter of fact
delicate negotiations are now in progress
between Great Britain and the United
States.
The Times will to-morrow say that it
regards as being of great importance the
plan for the settlement of the Venezuelan
dispute sent to it by its American corre
spondent, Mr. Smalley, who says it would
be accepted by the United States or pro
posed by the United States if they had
reason to believe that Great Britain would
accept it.
The plan is substantially the creation of
a new joint commission to consist of two
Englishmen and two Americans, who
would be charged with ascertaining the
facts, and with reporting thereon to the
British and American Cabinets. If a ma
jority of the commission could not agree
on a report a neutral fifth member might
be summoned.
The commission's finding on matters of
facts would be binding on both countries
and would . serve as the basis for subse
quent negotiations between all concerned.
Should the negotiations fail there would
be an ultimate arbitration by a tribunal to
be composed, for instance, of the Chief
Justices of Great Britain and the United
States, with perhaps a neutral third
member.
The Times contends that the scheme
will need the most careful consideration,
but recognizes with' unqualified satisfac
tion that it is such that Great Britain
could honorably accept it. It adds that
the plan also offers an excellent prospect
•of an ultimate agreement.
The chief difficulty about arbitration re
lates entirely to the settled districts, pro
scription in international law counting for
nothing. If in this case international
arbitration could be made to resemble
municipal law so that the fact of long
settlement would count as in ordinary
courts, the greater part of the British ob
jsctions to arbitration'would disappear.
GRAVE CRISIS AT HAND.
Downfall of President Faure
Predicted at the French
Capital.
Many Are Ready to Declare That the
Republic Is on the Verge of
Revolution.
J NEW YORK, N. V., Feb', "is.— A' special
cable from Paris to the Sun says: There
are many prominent men in Paris to-day,
Senators, Deputies and journalists, who
do not hesitate to declare their belief that
France is on the eve of another revolution.
This gloomy talk ' has been increasing
for months past. The crisis is certainly
serious, but I do not share the despondent
opinions of the situation which are held in
some quarters.
Important changes are probably im
pending, including not only the fall of the
present Cabinet; but, perhaps, a serious
deadlock in the Government and possibly
the dissolution of the Chamber and the
downfall of President Faure. ' £■*
It is cowardly and almost absurd to say,
as some do, that republican institutions
will be unable to bear the strain which
may be put upon them.
It is some indication of the state of pub
lic feeling that an evening newspaper de
clared yesterday with great emphasis and
gravity that a plot lor the overthrow of
the republic had been perfected within a
month at Brussels by Prince Victor Napo
leon and the Duke of Orleans. This seems
to be taken soberly instead of #8 a joke by
most people. . -
• The facts which are the nominal cause
of this crisis are well known. The Senate
has, two or three times within a few days,
passed votes which virtually mean "no
confidence" in the present ministry.
The Chamber has voted the other way,
and the Bourgeois Ministry has decided to
remain in office. Not only that, but the
Cabinet has exploited the action of the
Chamoer as a virtual vote of censure
against the Senate.
In fact the Cabinet, backed, as it be
lieves it is, by the Chamber, is defying the
| Senate. This raises a constitutional ques
tion which is both grave and unprece
dented. . • y
The Cabinet is jointly responsible to
both houses, and the action which the
Ministers are taking is practically a coup
d'etat. y-yn " '. r
The Senate, like every political author
ity in France, is jealous of its prerogatives.
Nobody imagines that it will do less than
enforce its authority unless driven from
the Luxembourg by a mob.
It is the Chamber of Deputies which is
more likely to recede from its position.
The lower house has nominally a majority
of Moderates, in spite of its tolerance of a
Radical Cabinet. i vs yyy ;yy
The reason'why it refrains from turning
out Premier Bourgeois and his associates
is . that everybody dreads the Cabinet
crisis which would follow. It is the
Radical and Socialist minority in the
Chamber which creates most of the
turmoil in French politics, and causes fre
quent Cabinet changes, until it has come
to pass that no Moderate leaders are left
who are able and willing to carry on the
niovenient. ' '.' -'y- y'-y'y ; " r ' 1 "'
• It was for this reason, and no other, that
President Faure, with the consent of his
own Moderate followers, tried the experi
ment of giving the Radicals a chance to
govern. They have done bettor, on the
whole, than was expected of them; or,
rather, they have done less mischief;
. The Southern Railway scandal, which is
the nominal cause of the Senate's opposi
tion, is merely the instrument which has
been resorted to for putting an end to
their career. . .'',.■
Such are overt facts. At present the
situation is one of delicacy and danger,
but does not warrant yet the despondent
views taken by many politicians.
DILLON WILL •BE CHOSEN.
Sexton Refuse* to Lead the Antx-I'arnell-
ite l'arty.
. LONDON, Eng.-, Feb. Thomas Sex
ton has replied to; the letter addressed to
him by Timothy Healy offering his
unqualified support if Mr. .Sexton
would .assume, the chairmanship of
the V anti - Parnellite party, ,'.-; express
ing that if his (Healy 's) withdrawal from
the party would .induce Mr. Sexton to ac
cept the position he would retire. 1 Mr.
Sexton in his reply adheres to his intention
not to accept the leadership of the party
and details the reasons for his refusal. :
The Daily ■ News .will to-morrow say it
believes that John Dillon will be chosen as
chairman. • , > ...
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TROY'S FEARFUL
HOLOCAUST.
Thirty Girls and Women
Perish in a Factory-
Fire.
FROM THE FIFTH FLOOR,
Panic Seizes the Employes Dur
ing the Rush to Escape
the Flames.
SOME SPRING FROM WINDOWS
While Others Are Crushed Under Foot
by the Stronger in the Stair
way Stampede.
TROY, N. V., Feb. 17.-A holocaust,
the equal of which never was experienced
in this town of collars and cuffs, this
evening blotted out the lives of probably
twenty or thirty women and girls.
The fire started at 5:30 o'clock in J.
Stetheimer <fc Co.'s shirtwaist factory and
Van Zant & Jacobs' collar factory, situ
ated in the same building. There were
300 girls at work in the establishments.
The flames spread so rapidly that the
narrow stairway, which was the only
exit outside of the fire escapes in the rear,
was almost cut off, and during the panic
that followed five employes jumped from
the windows, three of them to their death,
and many others were injured.
The known dead: Mrs. Horbort, Mrs.
Kane and Mrs. Foley.
The missing: Miss Mamie Danks, Miss
Kittie O'Connor, Miss Kane and Miss
Foley. 'y.-.V'i
The injured Miss Mamie Day, injured
internally and bruised; Miss Lillie
Kreiger, badly bruised and burned; Miss
Mamie Kourke, driven insane by shock;
Miss Mamie Downs, almost suffocated;
Miss Annette Harrington, face and hands
burned; Miss Lillie Onthout, badly
burned; Miss Clementine Lloyd, Miss
Gertrude Lloyd, Miss Johnson, badly in
jured and burned; James Rosso, crushed
by falling walls, leg broken and seriously
injured; Officer Burke, crushed by falling
walls, condition serious; Officer Guy,
badly bruised; Officer Watson, scalp
wound and bruised; Alfred Casey, fireman
Osgood Company,: spine injured; John
Ormsby, .fireman Osgood Company, knee
I hurt; John Poland, fireman Eddy Com
-1 pany, scalp wound and leg broken.
It is believed by everybody, even the
proprietors and employes in the shops,
that about twenty girls were overcome be
fore they reached the street and were
burned up in the building. People who
were familiar with the interior of the
building and knew how limited were the
means of escape place the total loss of life
at thirty. . • '
The scene of the catastrophe was at the
corner of Broadway and Biver street, a
portion of the city characterized for its
immense" buildings. The structure is
known as the Burdette building, is six
stories in height and was owned by J.
Stetheimer & Co., whose factory was sit
uated on the fifth floor. Van Zandt &
j Jacobs, manufacturers of collars and
cuffs, occupied the three floors below, and
a restaurant and saloon were on the
ground floor. There were also several
other minor enterprises carried on in the
building. yr; y ;
The fire started in the fifth story in the
part occupied by Stetheimer & Co. About
5:25 o'clock this afternoon a little boy at
tempted to light the gas in what is known
as the cutting department. This is the
shirtwaist cutting . department. . Ho
climbed on the cutting table and lighted
the gas. Then he threw the match, which
was still burning, to the floor and it ig
nited a pile of scrap cambric. In an in
stant there was a crackling of fierce and
uncontrollable flames and the room was
filled with smoke.
. Miss Lillie Kreiger, realizing the immi
nence of the peril and at the risk of her
own life, rushed through the different de
partments of the building and warned the
employes of the danger. Nothing but the
bravery of a volunteer fireman saved her
from death.
When the employes in the fifth story
realized that the fire was beyond control
and was likely to prove disastrous, a great
panic ensued. The girls rushed about the
room, some of them found their way down
the stairway, others succumbed to the
i dense smoke and sank to the floor, and
some jumped from the dizzy height of the
River-street windows to the pavement be
low. About half of the girls who were
on the. top floor thought of the tire-escape
and found their " way to the ground in
safety. For twenty minutes after the fire
started the scene was the most exciting
ever witnessed in Troy.
During this time there was a continuous
panic, and in the rush for a place of safety
many were injured- The crush on the
stairway was something frishtful. About
200 men and girls attempted to make their
escape by this exit at the same time.
Many were trampled under foot, the ones
who were in front weie knocked from their
feet and thrown to the landings below and
some are said to have been left unconscious
on the stairway. The majority of the em
ployes finally reached the street, but they
were so overcome with excitement that it
was impossible, to learn from- them how
many had been left in the building. Quite
a number found their way out by means of
the fire escapes. The girls fairly threw
themselves down the ladders to reach the
ground quickly, and the firemen had their
hands full in carrying the young women
down the ladders from the terminus of the
escape.
Probably the most heartrending scenes
were those witnessed on the streets, y The
mothers and other relatives of/Che girls
who were at work in the fa^or/ soon
learned of the disastrous fire an?' hurried
to the scene. They gathered around the .
burning building, distracted with grief
and fear, making anxious inquiries for the
loved ones. Some of them attempted ,to.2
rush up into the burning building, and the
officers and bystanders found it difficult to
restrain them. A number of women were
soon on their knees on the ice-covered
pavements, crying piteously to heaven for
assistance.
The spread of the flames was remark
able. There was a strong wind blowing at
the time, and in less time than it takes to
toll it the building was afire from top to
bottom. Twenty streams of water seemed
to have no effect, and there was every in
dication early in the evening that the en
tire block would be consumed. The fire
extended into the big structure north and
nutted it and the Western Union building.
It was not until about four hours after the
fire started that it was under control. The
loss will probably reach (400,000.
The three women, who were killed b\'
jumping from the windows were almost
unrecognizable when picked up, so fear
fully were their heads crushed. Many of
the injured were those caught under fall
ing walls.
While the fire was raging in the Ken
more restaurant Thomas Rosso, an Italian
peanut vender, who kept a stand in front
of the place and who was inside, had a
narrow escape from death. One of the
huge timbers fell on him end he was im
prisoned in the ruins with fire on every
side. Officers Burke. Watson and Guy
and a boy named James Quinn went to
his aid. More of the south wall fell in and
the policemen were each bruised and cut.
Officer Burlce was BO badly injured that he
was taken "to his home. The others re
turned to duty. Young Quinn was struck
< a the chest by falling timbers and quite
seriously injured. The Italian was res
cued later and taken to the hospital. Fire
men who were injured were caught under
falling walls.
Superintendent of Police Willard made
a careful investigation and reported
shortly after midnight that it is almost
certain that twelve girls were burned up
in the building. He believes that there
were many more who never escaped alive,
and the names of any more who perished
cannot be learned until to-morrow.
OTHER PROPERTY BURNED.
Destructive Work, of Fires in Various
la stem Cities.
BOSTON. Mass., Feb. 17.— Four alarms
were runs for a fire which started in the
trainshed of the Old Colony Railroad.
The passenger station was saved. The
fire destroyed the express office of the
New ' York, New Haven and Hartford
Railroad Company. Part of th« outer
trainhouse, six cars and the main depot
shed were destroyed. The loss is $50,000.
WILMINGTON, N. C, Feb. 17.— Half of
the business portion of the town of Green
ville, N. C M was destroyed by rire yester
day. The loss is estimated at .$150,000,
with insurance for about one-third the
total amount.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 17.— Fire to
night destroyed the four-story building in
Elm street, between Fourth and Fifth, oc
cupied by J. H. Luckes' cigar-factory.
Lot $55,000.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Feb. 17.— The
coffee and spice works of P. C. Tomson &
Co. ad the plant of the Philadelphia
Cooperage Company adjoining were de
stroyed by lire of unknown origin this
morning. Several dwellings on Washing
ton avenue in the vicinity of the manu
factories were badly damaged. . The total
loss is estimated at"5250.000.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Feb. 17.— The
Houseman block was gutted by fire this
morning, and there were many narrow
escapes. Five persons were badly burned
and a fireman most frozen. The loss is
covered by insurance.
WILL SEN MR.DUPONT.
Majority Report on the Election
Contest From the State
of Delaware.
William Watson Was Disqualified
From Voting Because He Had
Become Governor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.-
Mitchell of Oregon, chairman of the Sen
ate Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions, presented to the Senate to-day the
majority report of that committee on the
claim of Henry A. Dupont (R.) to be ad
mitted as a Senator from Delaware for the
term commencing March 4, 1895. The re
port states thai at the meeting of the joint
assembly of the Legislature of Delaware
on May 9, 1895, the final vote was taken,
and this vote is given in the committee's re
port as follows: "H. A. Dupont had 15, E.
D. Ridgeley had 10, J. Edward Addicks
had 4 and Edward \V. Tunnell had 1. Ii
is admitted on the part of Mr. Dupont,
and such is the fact, that of the thirty
persons so present and claiming a right to
vote, as aforesaid, twenty-nine of them
were so qualified. It is contended, how
ever, that one of the thirty, namely, Wil
liam T. Watson, claiming' to be a Senator
from the county of Kent, and claiming to
be Speaker of the Senate, and claiming the
right « such Senator to be present and
participate in the proceedings of such joint
assembly and to cast his vote for Senator,
was not entitled under the constitution of
the State of Delaware to be present in
such joint assembly.
"The ground upon which it is claimed
that Mr. Watson was ineligible to 'a seat
in such joint assembly is based on the fact
that as Speaker of the Senate he had, on
the 9th day of April, 1895, the : Governor of
the State of Delaware having died the day
previous, succeeded to the governorship of
the State, and on that date, May 0, he
then, as an officer of the Governor of the
State, was ineligible to a seat in said joint
Assembly, and had no right to be present
either to participate by his vote or other
wise, or to be counted therein."
The report concludes as follows:
"Governor Watson's • vote in the joint
assembly on the 9th day of May was null
ity : that but twenty-nine members of the
Legislature were then entitled to vote, and
upon that point Dupont received fifteen
votes out of the whole number entitled to
be cast, and was .legally Wected Senator
from the State of Delaware for the full
term commencing March 4, 1895, and is
entitled to be seated." y.. -y"
The views of the minority of the com
mittee adverse to these conclusions will be
presented by Senator Gray from the State
in contest.
A CLAIM AGAINST PERU.
It Una Been Pressed Constantly by Thin
Government.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.-The
President to-day sent to the Senate the
reply of the Secretary of State to
a Senate resolution calling for infor
mation concerning the claim against
Pern of Thomas W. Sparrow and others,
members of the.-Hydrograpbic Commis
sion of the Amazon employed by the Gov
ernment of Peru, for compensation for
their services on the commission. The
correspondence, which continues over a
period from 1877 down to the present,
shows that this Government has con
stantly pressed the claims upon the atten
tion of the Peruvian Government.
Bess your change of business or residence to
rocker-Langley Directory, 215 Bush St. *
DAVIS UPHOLDS
HIS RESOLUTION.
An Able Argument on the
Monroe Doctrine Is
Delivered.
WARM NG THE NATIONS
No Protests Were Made When the
Principle Was Applied to
Cuba and Havana.
OTHER MATTERS IN THE SENATE
Vilas Seeks to Secure the Appointment
of Two Extra Military Cadets
in Each State.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.— 1n the
Senate to-day the Senatorial election case
from the State of Delaware was reported
back from the Committee on Privileges
and Elections by Mitchell (R.) of Oregon,
its chairman, the report being in favor of
the right of Dupont to the seat. The views
of the minority, adverse to that proposi
tion, are to be submitted to-morrow and
the question is to be taken up for the ac
tion of the Senate as soon as possible.
Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts in present
ing a petition from Marc A. Shipley for
the establishment of the 24th of June, the
anniversary of the discovery of the North
American coast by John and Sebastian
Cabot in 1497, as a National holiday, asked
Hill (D.) of New York as to the committee
to which he thought it should be referred.
He remarked that the bill to make Lin
coln's birthday a National holiday had
been reported from the Committee on Li
brary, while Hill's bill for a Jackson day
had been referred to the Judiciary Com
mittee.
Hill's reply was that in his opinion all
of the bills on the subject should be re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee, and he
suggested that the Lincoln bill now on the
calendar should be sent to that commit
tee. He expressed a doubt whether Con
gress had the power to establish any Na
tional holiday except for the District of
Columbia and the Territories.
Hale (R.). of Maine, the author of the
Lincoln holiday bill,' objected to its being
taken from the calendar and referred.
Hoar's petition, however, was referred
to the Judiciary Committee, as Hill's had
been.
A resolution was offered by Allen (Pop.)
of Nebraska, and was agreed to, calling on
the Secretary of the Treasury for informa
tion as to the amounts in the treasury on
March 4, ISB9, and March 4, 1303; whether
there has been any diminution of reve
nue, and if so from what source.
Morgan (D.) of Alabama offered a reso
lution, which was agreed to, calling on the
Secretary of the Treasury for reports of
treasury agents in the year of 1894 as to
hunting and destruction of fur seals on the
Pribyloff Islands and in Bering Sea.
A message was received from the House
of Representatives notifying the Senate
that its amendment to the House bond
bill— the free coinage substitute— had been
disagreed to by the House. The sugges
tion as to the conference was made.
A resolution was offered by Mitchell (R.)
of Oregon, on the subject of the salmon
fishery industry on the Columbia River,
and Mitchell gave notice that he would
submit remarks on the subject at an early
date.
Vest (D.) of Missouri called up the let
ter from the Secretary of Agriculture in re
ply to his resolution as to cattle quarantine
lines in Texas and the Southwestern States
and addressed the Senate in opposition to
the views of the Secretary. The Secre
tary's letter was referred to the Committee
on Transportation and Sale of Meat
Products.
The resolution reported on the 20th of
January bj'Davis (R.) of Minnesota, from
the Committee on Foreign Relations, rela
tive to the application and enforcement of
the Monroe doctrine, was laid before the
Senate. The resolution, omitting the pre
amble, is in these words:
Resolved, By the Seriate (the House of Repre
sentatives concurring) that the United States
of America reaffirms and confirms the doctrine
and principles promulgated by President Mon
roe in his message of December 18, 1823, and
declares that it will assert and maintain that
doctrine and those principles and will regard
any infringement thereof, and particularly
any attempt by any European power to take
or acquire any new or additional territory on
the American continents, or any islands adja
cent thereto, or any right of sovereignty or do
minion in the same in any case or instance as
to which the United States shall deem such at
tempt to be dangerous to Its peace or safety, or
by or through force, purchase, cession, occu
pation, pledge, colonization, protectorate or
by control of the easement in any canal or any
other means of transit across the American
isthmus, whether under unfounded preten
sion of right in cases of alleged boundary dis
putes or under any other unfounded preten
sions, as the manifestation of an unfriendly
disposition toward the United States and as an
interposition which It would be impossible in
any form for the United States to regard with
indifference.
Davis proceeded to address the Senate in
support of the resolution. He apologized
in advance if he should appear too prolix
iv his discussion of the origin of the Mon
roe doctrine, its character and nature, the
various phases of the National existence
to which it bad been applied and to some
extent the present controversy.
The Monroe doctrine might be fairly
summed up as follows: That the Ameri
can continents were not to be considered
as subject to future colonization by any
European power; that the: United States
should consider any attempt on the part
of such powers to extend their system to
any portion of the hemisphere as danger
ous to the peace and safety of the United
States, and that any interposition by a
European power for the purpose of op
pressing any of. the people on the conti
nent should be considered as the^nanifes
tation of an unfriendly disposition toward
the United States.
Davis then quoted from diplomatic cor
respondence relative to Cuba dating from
early in this century down to the present
day to show that the Monroe doctrine had
been invoked and applied. This Govern
ment had declared on various occasions
when the possible sale by Spain of that
island was hinted at that it would hot per
mit the transfer of Cuba to any other gov
ernment, and yet no one had ever asserted
that this advanced; position was a viola
tion of the Monroe doctrine.
Davis, quoting from : history, • showed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY IS, 1896.
that the Monroe doctrine had been in
voked time and again, the most notable
instance of recent years being, Davis said,
during the conduct of the present admin
istration "toward the recently instituted
republic of Hawaii. This Government
was at ..that time attempting to reseat, a
barbarous Queen on an overturned throne.
If it was proper to assert the doctrine
then Davis thought it was equally proper
in the case under discussion.
Venezuela was . now under duress by
Great Britain and her own will in such a
settlement could not. Davis believed, be
exercised. Speaking of the character of
the South American republics. Davis said
the weaker they were the more dangerous
would be the aggressions of foreign powers
to our peace and safety.
Referring to the question of arbitration,
Davis said it was' to be seriously hoped
that arbitration would be realized. It was
the natural tendency of all "civilized
peoples and nations.
In another explanation of the text of the
resolution Davis said that the word
'"pledge" as used in that resolution had
been used designedly. A pledge meant
the hypothecation of territory for the pay
ment of a debt. It had been currently
reported in the press that Spain, seeking a
loan from Great Britain, had offered the
island of Cuba, or a portion of it, as se
curity for her loan.
At the conclusion of Davis' speech the
Senate took up the military academy ap
propriation bill.
There was no discussion of any items in
the bill, but when all the committee
amendments were disposed of an amend
ment was presented by Vilas (D.) of Wis
consin for the appointment by the Presi
dent of two additional cadets at large for
each State, aggregating ninety cadets in
addition to the present number. The
amendment was advocated by Proctor
(R.) of Vermont and Elkins (R.) of West
Virginia, both of them ex-Secretaries of
War; also by Hawley (R.) of Connecticut,
while Allen (P.) of Nebraska urged that
the appointments for each State should be
in the hands of its two Senators.
Without reaching any conclusion the
Senate at 5:25 r. m. adjourned until to
morrow.
WAS NOT PROVIDED FOR.
So Mrs. Maud D. Beekman Went
to Fargo and Secured a
Divorce.
She Is the Daughter of Superintendent
Conlin of the New York
Police.
FARGO, N. D.. Feb. 17.— 1n chambers
to-day Judge Rose granted to Mrs. Maud
D. Beekman a decree of absolute divorce
from Albion B. Beekman of New York.
The ground upon which the action was
brought was non-support, and in connec
tion with this there arc many peculiar cir
cumstances. There was no appearance on
the part of the defendant, and the pro
ceedings in the little court were void of
the usual amount of sensationalism which
generally -accompanies divorces of this
nature.
The plaintiff is the daughter of Superin
tendent of Police Conlin of New York,
and from that fact alone the case has at
tracted an unusual amount of interest.
The depositions that were taken recite
some very pitiful tales of how the young
woman struggled in the large city to keep
up appearances. Before Conlin became
chief of the police he secured a position
for young Beekman in the department,
but even with a good position and a lovely
home, which is situated at 127 West One
Hundred and Twentieth street, he could
not even pay for the living expenses.
The plaintiff is a pretty little woman
about 23 years of age, and she attracted no
little attention- in this city. Already
rumors are alJoat that she is to wed a
prominent dentist, having fallen in love
with him since she came to this city. His
name is Dr. F. L. Starling, and he is a
man of good family and of good standing
throughout the entire Northwest.
FREE MASONS OF KANSAS.
Sleeting and Election of the Illustrious
Grand Council.
WICHITA, Kans., Feb. 17.— annual
communication of the Masonic grand
bodies of Kansas is being held here and
will continue until Wednesday night. It
gives promise of being the largest gather
ing of the kind ever held in the State.
The most illustrious grand council royal
and select "masters convened at 9 o'clock
this morning. James S. May of Hutchin
son, most illustrious grand master, made
an address. The following officers were
elected for the ensuing year: A. A. Car
nahan of Concordia, most illustrious grand
master; Frank E. Davis of Atchison, right
illustrious deputy grand master; A. H.
Connett of Great Bend, illustrious grand
principal conductor of work; Peter J.
Fteling of Leavenworth, illustrious grand
treasurer; A. M. Callahan of Topeka, illus
trious crand recorder.
\ The Grand Chapter convened at 3 o'clock
this afternoon.
SENT OUT AS A. CONVICT.
How James McMahon Made a Vast For-
tune in Australia.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 17.— A dis
patch from Australia was published a few
days ago announcing that James McMa
hon had died, leaving an estate valued at
$15,000,000. The dispatch was read by
James Duffy and his sister, Mrs. Robert
Gardner of Brooklyn, who believe that
McMahon was an uncle who lived in Aus
tralia and accumulated a vast fortune.
They are now taking steps to find out
whether or not they are entitled to a po
tion of the fortune. . .
'* McMahon was a native of Ireland and
in 1848 was thrown into prison for -perjury
and assault. Afterward he was . trans
ported to Australia to serve a seven years'
term, and at the end of a year was put on
a parole by the Queen on accout of good
conduct. After his release he became a
member of the mounted squad of police,
saving his earnings, engaged in sheep
raising, from which it is said he made
money. The mother of Duffy and Mrs.
Gardner was a sister of McMahon, and
after he had accumulated the greater part
of his fortune he wrote home to his broth
ers and sisters in Ireland, telling them of
his good luck. It is said that Mrs. Gard
ner is in possession of all the letters writ
ten by McMahon to her mother.
New York* a Cold \ Wave.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 17.-An un
usually cold wave last night was reported
all over. At . Saranac, Lake the mercury
dropped 49 degrees below zero, Rochester
12. below, Palmyra 28 below. At' Mount
Vernon it was the coldest day ever recorded.
At 3 o'clock this morning the thermometer
recorded 15 degrees below zero, a drop of
75 degrees in fifteen; hours. All coast
towns report about the same temperature.
5;;ied:? :
FIELD-In this city, February 17, 1896, Mrs.
Ann Field, beloved mother of Miss Mary Field,
Joseph T. Field and Mrs. A. A. Sanders, a na-
tive of Leeds, England, aged 88 years. ■ ..
*y Friends and . acquaintances ■' are respect-
■ fully Invited to attend the. funeral, which will
■' be hold from her late ' residence, 713 1 Post street,
on WEDNESDAY at 2 o'clock f. m. Interment
in Laurel Hill Cemetery. : y , : , •
AN AGREEMENT
IS NOT REACHED
The House Sends the Urgent
Deficiency Bill to
Conference.
CANNON AN OBJECTOR.
Does Not Relish Being Jumped On
by Senators With Hob
' nailed Boots.
SECRETARY MORTON ONCE MORE
No End to the Criticism of the Methods
of the Head of the Agricu'
tural Department.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.— The
House to-day resumed the consideration
of the agricultural appropriation bill, and
the attacks upon Secretary Morton and
i his policy filled in most of the time of the
session. :■. ■■■)■■. -'y ';■
These led Pearson (R.) of North Caro
lina to ask if there were not some one in
the House to defend the Secretary. "Is
there not," ha queried, "a Democrat, Re
publican or Populist who can stoop thus
low?"
The committee recommendation dis
pensing with a chief clerk of the depart
ment was not agreed to, and the appropri
ation was restored.
The ungeut deficiency bill was sent to
conference.
A resolution 3r=d reported from the
Ways and Means Committee agreed to
calling on the Secretary of the Treasury
for information in detail as to the pro
ceeds of the sale of the bonds under the re
sumption act of 1575; of the redemption of
greenbacks, National bank notes and
treasury notes since 1897, the movement of
legal tenders in hank reserves and in the
treasury; what became of the proceeds of
the bond sales and from what source the
treasury derived the money to meet the
excess of Government expenditures over
receipts.
The bill classify and. arrange certain
public lands in California, which was Sat
urday made the special order for to-day,
was called up by Johnson (R.) of Califor
nia and passed.
Cannon (R.) of Illinois, from the Com
mittee on Appropriations, reported the
urgent deficiency bill with the amend
ments made by the Senate recommending
concurrence in a few of the amendments
and non-concurrence in the remainder.
Discussing this matter, Cannon said:
"I want to keep strictly within the rules
of the House, but when I read the debates
in the Congressional Record, speaking for
the committee over which I have the honor
to preside and for the House, I must say
that when we are jumped on with hob
nailed boots in another body' for alleged
non-performance af our duty, I do not
look upon such criticism with delight,
especially when every, word of it is based
on false premises."
Sayres (D.) of Texas said that while the
urgent deficiency bill was much larger than
any urgent deficiency bill that had hereto
fore passed, it contained more than $1,000,
--000 which were not in the technical sense
deficiencies, which could not be pronerly
charged to any dereliction on the part of
the last Congress. As to the work of the
present Congress, he would say that in his
opinion the deficiencies arising under the
Fifty-fourth Congress would be less than
for many years past.
The report was agreed to and Cannon's
motion to ask a conference upon the dis
agreeing votes of the two houses passed.
The Speaker appointed Cannon, North way
and Sayres as managers on the part of the
House.
Dalzell, from the Committee on Ways
and Means, reported a substitute for the
resolutions referred to that committee,
calling upon the Secretary of the Treasury
for information in detail as to the proceeds
of the sales of bonds under the resump
tion act of 1875; of the redemption of
greenbacks, National bank notes and
treasury notes, since July 1, 1879; the
movement of legal tenders in bank reserves
and in the treasury; what became of the
proceeds of the bond sales and from what
source the treasury derived money to meet
the excess of Government expenditures
over receipts.
Washington (D.) of Tennessee moved an
amendment calling upon the Secretary of
the Treasury for information as to the sale
of bonds between 1873 and 1879. This pro
voked a brief debate, in the course of
which Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio arraigned
the Democratic party and the present ad
ministration lor its hostility to the credit
of the country. BMBMBfejffi&|jPaP
Dalzell object ed to the amendment be
cause it was not germane to the subject of
the original resolution, and it was re
jected.
The resolution as reported by the com
mittee was agreed to.
The House then went into committee of
the whole to consider the agricultural ap
propriation bill under the five-minute rule.
. The attacks upon Secretary Morton were
renewed when the paragraph covering the
appropriations for the Bureau of Animal
Industry was reached. It was found that
the bill legislated the chief clerk out of
office, and made an assistant chief of the
bureau at a salary of $2500. Against this
Livingstone (D.) of Georgia made the
point of order that it was new legislation
and increased expenditures, and he was
sustained by the chair. Livingstone: then
moved to insert the usual appropriation of
$2000 for chief clerk of the bureau, and it
was agreed to— to 50.
Amendments were agreed to, on motion
by Doolittle (R.) of Washington, author
izing the Secretary to expend a portion of
the $10,000 appropriation for grass and
forage plant investigations for the pur
chase of fiber-flax for the State of Wash
ington. Wtm'-
; Long (R.) of Kansas asked several ques
tions about the appropriation for the
chemistry division, which -had . been re
duced $10,000, which Wadsworth answered
by saying that, the. reduction had been
mended by the 1 Secretary of Agri
culture. Also, that the appropriation ,of
$15,000, made on former bills Tor investi
gation of the benefits of irrigations, had
been cut out of this bill by the. advice of
the Secretary, who was of the opinion that
the subject had been about exhausted^ Mr.
Wadsworth - stated \ that of the appropria
tion of $15,000 for the • year 1894-95 $2000
or $3000 remained unexpended, and i $4000
had been expended for clerk hire here in
Washington. ' .
Long moved to insert an appropriation
of $15,000. The amendment was agreed to.
An amendment offered by Pickler (R.)
of .South. Dakota providing for the publi
cation of: the book on "Diseases of the
Horse" was agreed to, as was one offered
by Baker (R.) of New Hampshire reduc
ing from $50,000 to $30,000 the amount
allowed for the publication of farmers'
bulletins.
Skinner of North Carolina offered an
amendment to the section providing for
the purchase and distribution of seeds re
quiring the Secretary of Agriculture to
carry out this provision. He thought that
this provision should be made mandatory.
Talbert of South Carolina favored forc
ing the Secretary to carry out the law.
His appointment he characterized as the
"worst act Mr. Cleveland had ever done."
Pending disposition of the amendment
the committee rose, after which the House
at 5:05 p. m. adjourned until to-morrow.
LANGUAGE OF MONKEYS.
Professor Gnrner Returns From His
African Researches.
NEW, YORK, N. V., Feb. 17.-Professor
Robert L. Garner of Roanoke, Va., who
was dispatched last summer on a second
trip to the jungles of Africa by the African
Research Society of Chicago, arrived yes
terday on the Etruria. , He went for the
purpose of completing his monkey alpha
bet and learning more about the language
of monkeys. *
| Professor S. H. PeaDodv of the Univer
sity of Chicago was one of the backers of
Professor Garner's enterprise and a con
tributor to the fund of $12,000 raised to de
fray its expenses. Professor Garner says
that he returns with much new informa
tion. He considers that his mission in per
fecting himself in the monkey tongue has
been largely accomplished.
"I am convinced that monkeys talk to
each other," says he, "and that some of
them possess a higher intelligence and a
greater rlu'ency of language than many of
the. African natives. "The gorilla has j
many human attributes. Some of the
chimpanzees play musical instruments and
dance, while there are Africans who never
could invent a musical instrument."
. He further believes that some of the
monkey race are organized into tribes and
live under a sort of government.
GLAD TO BE RID OF THEM
Omaha Police Officials Drop the
Case of the Los Angeles
Women.
There Was a Repetition of the Scenes
of Crying, Screaming and
Contempt.
OMAHA, Nebh., Feb. 17.— The trial of
the three Wilson women of Los Angeles
was heard in the Police Court this after
noon. The customary scene occurred at
the County Jail when the women were or
dered to go with the police-. • The women
had been notified at 1 o'clock to be ready
to go to the Police Court at 2 o'clock, but
when the patrol wagon arrived they said
they were not ready. They quibbled
about the form of the order to turn them
over to the police. A telephone message
to the police station brought Captain Haze
with a bench warrant which was read to
the women and they were ordered to move
at once. They demurred again and wanted
time to put on their wraps, but Captain
Haze said that they had had time enough
and they were bundled out unceremonious
ly and carri ed to the wagon screaming and
crying.
A crowd quickly gathered, and this only
served to increase the racket that the wo
men made as they were rapidly driven to
the Police Court. They tried in every way
to obstruct the trial, declining to answer
questions. and treating the court officers
with supreme contempt. They were ready
for a repetition of the scenes enacted upon
their arraignment, but the court and of
ficers did not want any more such exhibi
tions and were somewhat lenient. Hastily
the' attorney for the women discovered a
weak point in the complaint, and. Judge
Gordon took advantage of that loophole to
dismiss the case.
Ruby's father in Indianapolis has wired
the Chief of Police to send her to him. Mrs
Wilson and Marie will soon return to Los
Angeles. Burroughs, the man primarily
responsible for their troubles, has left the
city.
WET>OED AT WASHINGTON.
Chief Justice Fuller's Daughter the Bride
'of Mr. Beecher.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.— Miss
Catherine Marten Weston Fuller, daughter
of the Chief Justice, was married to Theo
dore Smith Beecher of Buffalo, N. V., to
night at St. John's Episcopal Church, Rev.
Dr. Mactay Smith and Bishop Laurence
of Massachusetts officiating. The church
was crowded with social leaders of the
capital. A reception at the residence of
the Chief Justice followed the ceremony.
The young couple will go to Buffalo to live.
BURDENSOME RESTRICTIONS.
Uhl Will Try to Have Them Removed by
the Germans. i
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17. -The
President, in his annual message, referred
to the burdensome restrictions placed upon
various American life insurance companies
by the German Government. >y; ;
The President sent to the House of
Representatives to-day the correspondence
concerning it on file at the State Depart
ment, which shows that, notwithstanding
the remonstrance of the State Department,
the concession to the Mutual Life Insur
ance Company of New York was canceled
on September 1 last, because the company
did not conform to certain Prussian
matters.
j The lust important communication in
j the correspondence under date of January
! 5 shows that the Imperial Secretary had
j promised Embassador Runyon that the
i matter of the reconsideration of the with-
I drawal of the concession-would be consid-
I ered, and that the subject would be
referred by the new. Prussian Minister for
Foreign Affairs to experts on his accession
to office. Mr. Uhl, who ; began the corre
spondence, will now be able to carry on
the negotiations in person as Embassador
to Germany.
APPROVED BY THE COURT.
Ladies Must Remove Their Hats at the
Tabor Opera-House.'
DENVER. Colo., Feb. 17.— Judge John
son in the District Court: to-day approved
an order requiring ladies to remove their
hots, bonnets or other paraphernalia from
their heads during performances at the
labor Grand Opera-house.
The theater is at present managed by
assignees under directions from the Dis
trict Court, and this recent rule made by
the assignees had to receive the formal
consent of the court before it could be en
forced. -
Swelling the Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17. -The
treasury gold reserve at the close of
business to-day/stood at $86,203,499. The
withdrawals ? for the- day . amounted to
$1,456,000. So far $71,430,649.in gold on ac
count of bond purchases has been paid in
since January 6, and , about ? $29,000,000 in
gold has been drawn out. . .f . -. .
LYNCHING OF A
BARN-BURNER.
Two Men Taken From Jail
in Kentucky by a
Small Mob.
ONE WAS PUT TO DEATH.
But the Other Escaped in the
Darkness and Fled for the
Mountains.
HAD FIRED MANY BUILDINGS.
So the Residents of Wayne County
Decided to Make Short Work of
the Prisoners. >
LEXINGTON, Kv., Feb. 17.— A mob of
twenty masked men attacked the Wayne
County jail at Monticello at an early, hour
yesterday morning. The jailer was over
powered, his keys taken away, the cells
unlocked and Fountain "Martin and James
Troxell, who were arrested several weeks
ago. charged with burning the barn of
Bonnie Bates, were taken from the prison.
The men were carried to a point near
Steubenville, where, in a little grove the
body of Martin was found cold in death,
banging from a limb. He had neither
coat, hat nor shoes.
Troxell appeared at a farmhouse three
miles from the scene of the hanging and
got his breakfast yesterday morning. He
said that while the mob was hanging Mar
tin he made his escape in the darkness.
This was the third attempt to lynch
Troxell.' Three weeks ago he was taken
from his home by a mob and hanged to a
tree until he was nearly dead in order
that he might confess to the burning of
Bates' barn or tell who did it. He swore
out warrants the next day for a number of
prominent men in and around Steuben
ville, but he never appeared against them,
and he was later placed in jail with Mar
tin, who had at first been charged with
burning the Bates barn.
While in jail each accused the other of
burning the barn and of other incen
diarism. The Steubenville people learned
of these conversations between Martin
and Troxell and, believing them both
guilty of destroying nearly a score of
barns in Wayne County during the past
year, they determined to make short work
of them. No one has seen Troxell since
he got breakfast yesterday and it is be
liev/I he is making his vay into the
Cumberland Mountains, where pursuit
would be well nigh impossible.
GUNMAKERS COMBINE.
Will Build a Big Plant for the M~anu-
facture of Projectiles.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 17.— A com
bination of several of the gunmaking es
tablishments of the United States has, it
is said, been perfected here, under the
name of the American Ordnance Com
pany, with General Albert R. Ordway as
president.
The firms in the agreement are named
as the Priggs-Schroeder Ordnance Com
pany of Philadelphia, the American Pro
jectile Company of Lynn, Mass., the
Hotchkiss Company, of which General
Ord way is the An- can representative,
and a torpedo com, of Providence'
R. I. It is said that the Bethlehem Iron
Works and the Catling Gun Company of
Hartford, Conn., are also in the combina
tion. : y j .
The new concern bag been incorporated
under the laws of Virginia, with a capital
ization of $2,500,000, and Washington will
be its headquarters. ' The company will
build a big plant for the manufacture of
projectiles at Bridgeport, Conn.
To Suspend Land Patents.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.— 1n the
Senate to-day Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska
offered a resolution "requesting* the Sec
retary of the Interior to suspend the
further issuance of patents for lands of
bond-aided railroads who are in arrears to
the Government until their accounts have
been settled.
Kentucky's Deadlock.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 17.— fol
lowing is to-day's vote tor Senator: Black
burn 49, Hunter 48, scattering 9.
Reason .
Must be used in taking medicine. When
faithfully and persistently used Hood's
Sarsaparilla will permanently cure all
blood diseases. Therefore take only
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Furifier. All druggists, $1.
Honrt'^ Pill« assist Digestion and Cure
11UUU » ***»=» constipation. 25 cents.
9mW IMi Mil •••0«®«0l»0«®®9«0*6
tfSSk ess aa\ asrsfst RJ Etbl S . RT^
jSgBM»B^a I HH^ I^H ICL, i-
* A WARRANTED French Briar Pipe, Hard Rubber
Stem, equal to those usually retailed at 50 cents,
' will be sent free y, y
FOR 24 COUPONS
OR,
FOR 2 COUPONS and 24 CENTS.
You will find one coupon inside each 2 ounce bag,
and two coupons inside each 4 ounce bag of
Bwsfießiieß
Send coupons with name and address to
BLACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO CO., DURHAM, N. C. /
Buy a bag of this Celebrated Smoking Tobacco and read the
coupon which gives a list of other premiums, and how to get them.
; 2 CENT STAMPS ACCEPTED. . 1
j£veni^r F *i3 DbasEeS*
wonderful IM^S onßtwitching
discovery of $>:£ of the eyes
has been" c" lltfii 6nd °
leadlncrscien- • tWIOiM * Strengthens,"
tiflc men of t^ESSS invigorates
Europe and and tones tha
Hudyan is n Ud {f"n U U rea
Hudyan stops Emissions,
PramalnrflnßC"! ESR&kftSwfl anddevelopes
ii tuna tuißiitibs cKSftK'S Pfvtvc*! ~nA rC ct n «9
r»F thn rt ti, tV^fKiiA M*i «"»•> '■ ana restores
char^ £| Zl^rFtT*
HAHHOOD jM^t^^^i^^ o^
j iiHckly. Over 2,000 private endorsements.
I The new discovery wasmade by the special-
i ists of the old famous Hudson Medical Insti-
tute. It is the strongest vltalizer made. It is
: very powerful, bin harmless.
Learn the grand truth of health, make your-
i self a man again by using the Californian
: remedy. You can only get it from the Hudson
Medical Institute. Write for free circular*
Bend for testimonials and circulars free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
5 Stockton St., San Francisco, Gal. r\ .
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of.
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
LIVER— When your liver is affected tssj
■may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
disconcerted. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that, you really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you sflould take at once. You can get
: it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDXEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapia
Uvea— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn soma.
• thing about your kidneys and how to make the
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
sent free. . . __
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., ,-,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL-
i @@©@©©@L n me o at\j house .
-iav thin
1 © ■« '—* v n week and see '•*•
x: 0 HO X wonderful money-*
*5 rrrr (J? saving power we
@D &b as I /©goffer you in our
' 't? "Specials" and all
I ©@®@©® ® al ° ng the line '
• ■ ' . }
THIS WEEK, ONLY, Feb. 17th to '111
Dark Winter Underskirts for ladies 3So
Yard-wide Family Muslin, standard make... 5o
Trousers, everything "I- to *-. closing $1 OU
Blankets, California wool. gray. 6 lbs 92 45
! Fluffy Cotton Vats, big rolls, best 15c
Embroidery, was lite and worth It 3c.
B. A H. Celebrated $4 Button Kl:o»s $2 00
Molasses, open Kettle, New Orleans,- again.. 7."> c
Table Beaches, ripe and luscious lOc
Cookies, equal to your grandmothers' 10a
Coffee, that grand Aureola blend 'JO.;
Sweet Cider, for mince pies, quarts 15c
Wash Blue, Fidelity, price cut in two l'to
Keene's English Blue. 5 blocks 5c
Hams, Eastern, guaranteed, our brand 121/2°
fitted Plum, used to bring 25c 4o
Beehives, enough for everybody 90c
soap, Babbitt's best, 24 burs ?1 00
jS^ss. ©@©®©®©©@
but want to »« ,— •,.«—> ■■ A ■ (!&
estly . - 1 SMITHS' $9
need Fine /At WlfSB 1 lIU .-»"%
Goods. The * I
op°en r from r #©®®©©®@®
a. m. to 5:30 p. m. at the Big Department
Store, 414, 416, 418 Front St., S. F-, C»l.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASOS
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OF THE '
PALACEHOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST, .
OPEN' UNTIL JIIDXICHT.
I COSMOPOIjT.TA.Kr.
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st., (smm
Iranciaco, Cal.— most select family hotel in ■.. ■
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 an Jsl 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Booms, 60a
and 750 a day. Free coach to and from t^e ! hotel.
Book for the coach bearing the name of the tui«
mopolitan HoteL \VM. FAHEY, Proprietor."CURS, CURS!"
HOWLED FITZ.
Indignation of the Lanky-
Pug Over the El
Paso Fiasco.
UNCORKED HIS WRATH.
Blows and Bloodshed Narrowly
Averted at a Postpone
ment Conference.
MAHER'S EYES MUCH BETTER.
An Additional Forfeit Put Up to Pull
Off the Main Battle on
Friday.
EL PASO, Tex., Feb. 17.-The pugilistic
atmosphere is clearer to-night than it has
been at any time since the carnival pro
gramme was broken by the development
on Thursday afternoon that Peter Maher
was prevented by physical disability from
fulfilling his part of the contract. With
the minor fights abandoned and the rapid
progress toward complete recovery of the
Irishman's eye troubles, there is a general
confidence that the outcome of the con
ference to-day, at which Fitzsimmons was
whipped into line after he had broken
through the traces and declared that, so
far as he was concerned, the match was
off for good and all time, will be ratified
by the appearance of the men in the ropes
early on the morning of the Jlst inst.
That the backers of Maher are sure of
their ground was made evident by the
avidity with which they hastened to put
up the additional $1000 forfeit money that
was a condition of Julian's pledge to have
his man on hand upon the revised date.
There are reasons for believing, moreover,
that in view of the change in the situation
the hostility of the authorities may be
moderated to at least the extent that the
fighting party, provided that from now on
the managers quit their bullying and their
defiant talk, may not have to take chances
of being hunted like a band of criminals
en the way to the contest. The ministers,
at least, are satisfied both with the situa
tion and the outlook. One of the foremost
divines responsible for the Catron bill said
to The United Press representative to
night:
"We have nothing more to say or to do.
There is no longer any carnival or any
crowd. The sports have gone and our city
has resumed its normal condition of peace
and quiet. So far as I understand the
arrangement to-day provides for a bring
in.- off of but one feature of the old pro
gramme, and this •in V private; that is,
private as compared with the original
plans. We feel, therefore, that our atti
tude has been vindicated, and that the
matter, as it stands, is not of a nature to
ocmand our continued attention.
It is understood that Governor Ahumada
inclines toward a similar view.
The battle-ground is as much of a mys
tery to all but the promoters as ever.
When the point was pressed by Connelly
in the conference to-day Stuart replied,
"The ground and the ring are ready."
Julian and Qninn will be notified on Thurs-
day morning, but the ticket-holders will
Lave no further intimation than to report
at a railway station at a definite hour.
With the view of throwing the officers off
guard, the rendezvous will be at a station
off a line other than that, to be used, and
the train will be doubled around the belt
line and switched on to the tracks leading
to the ringside.
The parties to the conference were slow
in getting together this morning. It had
been set for 10 o'clock, but at that hour no
one in authority was on deck, although the
headquarters were crowded with members
of the local committee and the remnant of
visitors that remained. Buck Connelly
put in an appearance at 10:;% with a draft
of the new articles in behalf of Maher, call
ing for a fight between 10 and 4 on Friday
next. Julian strolled in fifteen minutes
later, just as Connelly was receiving a tel
ephone message from Maher, asking if he
should take the morning train down from
Las Cruees. Connelly advised him that
Lis presence was not necessary.
hen Fitzsimmons put in an appear
ance, it looked as- though everything was
ready for a settlem ent, but Connelly had
barely made his proposition for an ad
journment to a private room, the mem
bers of the Florida Club and the corre
spondents to be the only persons ad
mitted, when Stuart was called over to Sid
Ryan's to adjust some personal money af
fairs. Connelly's final proposition was
that he will put up an extra forfeit of
$1000 to protect Dan Stuart, Maher to be in
the ring on Friday. If he fails, Fitzsim
mons and Stuart each are to take their
$1000, and the articles cancelled.
When Stuart returned Fitzsimmons
took the bit in his own mouth and de
clared that he would not fight. The in
terchange of opinions, which at times was
decidedly warm, lasted twenty minutes.
Julian led by asking Connelly if his man
was here and ready to fight, and received
a reply in the negative. Then the Pitts
burg man made his proposition for the
posting of an extra forfeit and a fight on
Friday. Julian responded that time
enough had been given and he now claimed
the forfeit. It was a strange thing, he
said, that Connelly would know to-day
when Maher could get into the ring and
insist that he could not do so an hour later.
Connelly called attention to the fact that
their twenty- four hours' notice of the bat
tle-ground had been guaranteed, and that
it Lad not been given, to which Stuart said
that the ground was ready.
"So is Fitzsimmons ready," said Julian.
'Yes, I am ready," repeated the Aus
tralian, breaking silence for the first time.
From this on the war of words waged
thick and fast. Connelly said that if
forced he would go into the ring to-mor
row, but to save the forfeit and not to
Finally Connelly said: "I will have my
man in the ring as soon as I am notified.
I now demand my twenty-four hours'
notice of location of the battle-ground."
Stuart kept silent, and after a pause
tz*itnmonj drew himself up and
shouted: "Your man is not in condition
to light. He is another stiff like Corbett.
You are putting up a bluff."
•'Not much," responded Connelly,
quietly. "Maher is not afraid to meet
you in the ring or anywhere else."
"You want to crawl out," suggested
Julian.
"Yes, they want to crawl," yelled Fitz
simmons. "They are a lot of curs."
Then turning to the throng on the other
side of the railing he yelled louder than
ever: "This fight's off, gentlemen; I
won't fight. They never intended to fight
in the first place. Now, boys, I give notice
that I'll fight that big stiff Corbett at any
time. Lit's have a cigar," and with this
the pugilist stalked through the oflice
doorway and pushed his way around the
crowd to the street.
Julian, who seemed chagrined at Fitz
simmons' talk, remained behind. The
wrangling over the question of giving up
forfeit money continued, and finally Julian
made the proposition that it be left to a
vote of five men, to be selected by Con
nelly. The following wore selected: George
Siler, Lou- Houzman, William Naughton,
Tom O'Rourke and Hugh Fitzgerald.
Dan Stuart was chosen chairman of the
committee. While the committee was de
bating Fitzsimmons returned and again
announced that he would not fight Friday,
but Julian succeeded in getting him Jo
withdraw the statement temporarily. The
committee decided that under the articles
neither man was entitled to a forfeit,
Connelly then made a proposition that the
Friday plan be considered. Julian agreed
and explicitly stated that Fitzsimmons
would fight on Friday.
It was due almost solely to the coolness
displayed by Connelly and Stuart that the
conference did not break up in a bloody
fracas. Of the mob of 200 sports and
rangers of the other side of the wire-net
ting partition, fully nine-tenths were
armed and ready to shoot on the slightest
provocation. Neither Connelly nor Fitz
simmons carry a gun, but when the
latter, shaking with passion, fiercely
shrieked his opinion of Maher, Connelly's
big fingers closed down upon a paper
weight fashioned of ore, and which, well
directed, might have brained the heavy
weight. Just at that moment Stuart laid
his hand caressingly upon the fingers that
still grasped the weight, while Julian
broke in with an off-hand remark that was
calculated to distract attention.
Fitzsimmons knew nothing of the result
of the after conference until Julian went
across the river an hour or so later. He
was in an ugly mood and inclined to Lick
over the traces, but after being humored
for a while was induced to admit that the
outcome was fair to all concerned.
This afternoon he resumed his training,
of which he had done little or none since
Friday. There was great satisfaction at
; Las Cruees when the news was conveyed to
Maher's training quarters. Reports from
there to-night are that Maher's eyes show
steady improvement and that the doctor
has given him permission to do some work
in the gymnasium to-morrow. Before go
ing up to Las Cruees to-night Connelly
: instructed O'Rourke to hand over the slooo
of forfeit money in his care to Dan Stuart
and then replaced it out of his roll, thus
complying with the financial code of the
new agreement.
A United Press reporter met Governor
Ahumada as he was leaving on the train
for Chihuahua this evening. The Governor
said that he has given orders to redouble
the precautions for preventing the fight
taking place on Mexican soil. An addi
tional force will be called into service, and
nothing will be left undone to keep the
fighters out of Mexico.
VIOLATIONS OF THE LAW
Meeting of the Interstate Com
merce Commission to Con
sider Charges.
: Various Railroads Accused of Discrimi
nation in Making Freight
Rates.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb. 17.— The Interstate
I Commerce Commission met to-day in the
i United States Marshal's office and will be
in session several days. Chairman Mor
rison, Commisioners Yeomans and Clem
ents were present. There are five cases of
alleged violation of the law for investiga
: tion at this hearing, three of them being
against the Chicago, Milwaukee and St.
Paul road. The complainants allege dis
crimination in the company's system of
making rates on grain and flour, milling
in transit, from Wisconsin, Southern Min
i nesota and Northern lowa points in favor
of the big millers of Minneapolis and Mil
waukee.
There is a complaint against the Santa
Fe road, the charge being the making of a
rate to Colorado points less than the rate
to intermediate points. This charge does
not now bold good, as it was involved in a
rate-war among Colorado roads, which has
recently been settled, and it is doubtful if
the commission will hear the case even if
it is pressed.
The case on hearing to-day was that of
the Listman Mills Company of La Crosse,
Wis., against the St. Paul road. The com
plaint is based on an arbitrary rate of 2%
cents per 100 pounds on wheat from Minne
apolis to Chicago for milling in transit at
La Crosse. The railroad was represented
by George R. Peck, general counsel, and
Burton Hanson, general solicitor. The
complainants' counsel was ex-Congress
man Lind of Minnesota. The witnesses
during the day were F. P. Nixon, presi
dent of the milling company, and A. C.
Bird, general traffic manager of the de
fendant's road. The railroad's defense is
that the 2)4 cent charge is imposed to pre
serve eqality in rates between all points.
HUS TED'S BILL SIGNED.
New York's Law to Retaliate on Foreign
Insurance Companies.
ALBANY, N. V.. Feb. 17.-Governor
Morton to-day signed Assemblyman Hus
ted's bill requiring the State- Superintend
ent of Insurance to refuse to issue
licenses to insurance companies of foreign
countries to transact business in this State
whose countries have shut out New York
State companies from doing business
therein, and also to revoke the licenses of
companies of such countries already doing
business in this State.
State Superintendent of Insurance
Pierce, under the provisions of the Jaw
signed to-day, is compelled to revoke the
licenses to do business in this State of the
Prussian National and Aachen (Munich)
Fire companies of Prussia, and to refuse
the application of the Magdeburg Fire
Insurance Company for permission, to do
business in this State, which application
has been pending for some weeks.
Missionary Knapp's Case.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Feb. 17.—
The Porte has agreed to-comply with the
request made by United .States Minister
Terrell to suspend action in the case of Mr.
Knapp, the American missionary, whose
arrest on charges of sedition was" recently
attempted at Bitlis, until Knapp arrives
in Constantinople. Knapp's wife and three
other ladies will leave Bitlis for this city
as soon as the snows permit.
'■-• - '— ~ — ••- ; — -
Foundered in the Irish Sea.
: LONDON, Esq., Feb. 17.— Brazilian
steamer Lauro Sodro, from Glasgow for
Para, has foundered in the Irish Sea.
Four of her crew were saved-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1896.
TREATY RIGHTS
TO BE RESPECTED
Captain - General Weyler
Explains the Status of
Americans.
FIRST PROCLAMATION.
It Will Have No Bearing Except
Upon Those Who Break
the Laws.
PURSUIT OF THE INSURGENTS.
Encounters in Which the Cubans, as
Usual, Display Their Great
Valor.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 17.— The repre
sentative of the United Press to-day had
an interview with Captain-General Wey
ler on the subject of the status of Ameri
can citizens in Cuba under the first procla
mation issued by him yesterday. He said:
"The praclamation will have no applica
tion to Americans, except such of them as
violate the laws of the country.
"Their treaty rights will be respected.
In all cases I will do all in my power to
honor such treaties with all nations."
General Weyler stated further that he
had no intention at present of taking the
field in person to direct active operations
against the rebels. He expressed feelings
of great friendship for the American press.
The proclamations of General Weyler
have removed all doubt of his intention to
adopt a vigorous policy toward the rebels
in the cities as well as toward those in the
field.
Colonel Seguera reports from San Felipe
that the force under his command found
the insurgents under Maceo at noon to-day
at San Antonio de Las Vegas in the
province of Havana. The troops attacked
the rebels, who, after a slight resistance,
retreated to the Cuiebra Hills.
The troops followed them and gained
upon them so rapidly that the rebels were
compelled to come to a stand. They took
up a good position that enabled them to
withstand the fire of the artillery that was
directed against them.
They also managed to avoid the rifle-fire
of the troops. In the first engagement the
insurgents lost twelve killed. The rebel
leaders, Miro. Collazo aud Castillo, were
with Maceo.
Colonel Seguera mates particular men
tion in his report of the second squadron
of cavalry, which made a brilliant charge
against the enemy. He adds that while
passing the forces of Maceo on February
14, near Vapor, his troops fired on the in
surgents, Killing five and wounding twelve.
General Echangue reports that a body of
rebels attacked a train. or. which his brig
ade was traveling. The scene of the at
tack was near Molina, which is between
Paneque and Melena. The train was not
stopped.
The rebels evidently mistook it for a
train conveying merchandise and intended
to loot it. When they discovered their
error they fled, not being in force strong
enough to cope with the brigade.
EGYPTIAN OFFICERS RETURNING.
Going to Help the Khedive Assert Ilia
Independence.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 17.— A morn
ing paper says: Several Egyptian officers
who were expelled from their army be
cause of their dislike for British command
ers, and who came to America, have been
pardoned by the Khedive recently and re
quested to return home immediately.
Transportation was provided for them,
and they were assured that they would be
restored to their former ranK in the army.
Mahmoud Bey, a first lieutenant of artil
lery, prefers to live in Philadelphia, where
he is establishing a business, but' several
other officers embraced the opportunity to
go back, and were supplied with the means
to do so by the Turkish Embassador in
Washington.
"The higher-class Egyptian?," says
Mahmoud Bey. who came to New York to
see a companion off, "are digusted with
the British rule. Lord Salisbury pretends
that the English troops will be recalled as
soon as the Egyptians are able to govern
themselves. The truth is we are very well
able to take care of ourselves, but England
wishes to occupy Egypt forever, to do with
us as France did with Tunis.
"Our French commanders, who were
much liked by the soldiers, have been re
placed by Englishmen, and no effort is
spared to Anglicize us. At the beginning
the Khedive was afraid, and dismissed,
though reluctantly, many young officers
like myself, who were distasteful to the
British. But we have all been pardoned,
and I understand that the Khedive will
take the first opportunity to assert his in
dependence.
"He can rely upon the army. We have
18,000 well-drilled soldiers, while England
controls only 5000, fully 1500 of whom are
employed in a 'clerical capacity. Should
France insist on the evacuation of Egypt,
it is almost certain that there will be* an
outbreak. This is the reason, I believe,
why I and my comrades have been asked
to return."
GREAT PLUCK EXHIBITED.
But the McCague Bank Is Forced to
Suspend.
OMAHA., Nebr., Feb. 17.— McCague
Savings Bank has gone into the hands of a
receiver, on application of the State Bank
ing Board, and S. S. Curti3 has been ap
pointed receiver.
The bank has been endeavoring for some
time to reorganize into a mutual savings
bank and has succeeded in getting nearly
a half of the deposits subscribed to the mu
tual. However, in the limit of time al
lowed for reorganization, it has been found
impossible to reach the required $60,000 by
some $8000 to $10,000. The ; bank, which
was closed during the panic for some
weeks and was reopened with its impaired
capital made good, has made a manly fight
for continued life and exhibited remark
able resources and pluck.
COAL-BLACK PIGMIES.
Among the New African Tribes Discov
ered by Dr. Smith.
NEW YORK, N.Y., Feb. 17.— Dr. Don
aldson Smith, the young Philadelphia
physician who has been on an expedition
to Lake Rudolph, Africa, returned yester
day on the St. Louis. Professor Smith
says that he discovered many new tribes,
among them a race of coal-black pigmies.
They are of well-formed limbs and great
physical beauty. These -people are about
4 feet in height and live in conical huts
They raise grain and rear sheep and goats.
They are born hunters and in warfare use
poisoned arrows, wounds from which prove \
fatal within an hour. The explorer brings
home more than 1000 pounds of ivory.
The whole party had a narrow escape,
it will be remembered, from being cut "to
pieces by the Abyssinian army under
King Menelik. The explorer fought two
pitched battles with this enemy. Dr.
Smith says that not only did he succeed in
penetrating a country hitherto unexplored
by white men, but he has- made accurate
maps of the regions. Dr. Smith is going
directly to his home in Philadelphia,
where he will write a book, which will be
published simultaneously in the United
States and England.
MAY GO TO MEET NANSEN.
But the Leader of the Expedition Does Not
Think the Explorer Reached the
North Pole.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 17.— A syndicate
of Chicago men is considering the advisa
bility of sending a party to meet Dr. Nan
sen at the Lena River for the purpose of
ascertaining the foundation ot the report
that the Norwegian had discovered the
pole as well as to assist, if possible, the re
turn of the explorers in their probable
march towards either Yakutsk or Irkutsk.
The man selected to lead this party, if it
starts, is Evelyn R. Baldwin, who was the
meteorologist of Peary's North Greenland
expedition of 1893-94.
Regarding the latest north pole story,
Baldwin said:
"I am very much inclined to doubt the
truth of the report that Dr. Nansen has
found the north pole. His reported
return at his starting point argues
failure, because his theory was
that he would find currents which
would carry him to the pole and come out
on the other side on his return trip. How
could he be returning against the currents
which would carry him to the goal? Had
he found no current he never would have
returned over the same route. I also doubt
the story because it comes in winter."
PACIFIC MAIL METHODS REVIVED.
The Panama Road Charges That Traffic Is
Again Diverted to the Southern
Pacific Lines.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 17.-Trouble
; has broken out again between the Panama
! Railroad and the Pacific Mail Steamship
i Company. The Panama road charges that
j traffic which should have been turned over
j to it by the Pacific Mail Company at Pan
ama was diverted to the Southern Pacific
I Railroad. The Allianca had to make its
j last trip irom Colon to New York entirely
! without a cargo.
The Panama road, under its contract
with the Pacific Mail Company, operates
vessels on the Atlantic, while the Pacific
Mail conducts the vessel service on the
Pacific. The Pacific Mad asserts that it
had so much business for Mexico, Central
America and the west coast of South
America that if could not take business for
New York via the Isthmus of Panama.
REIGN OF CARNIVAL REX.
Arrival of the King at New
Orleans on a Special
Steamer.
Visitors Crowd the Southern City and
Merriment Is the Order cf
Proceedings.
NEW ORLEANS, La*, Feb. 17.— Never
before in its history has New Orleans been
so crowded during the carnival season. For
two weeks past visitors have been pouring
in by the hundreds. To-day "standing
room only" might well be put on the
outer approaches to '.he city. The hotels
and boarding-houses are taxed to their ut
most capacity, and every private residence
in the city has its quota of guests. The
weather is clear and pleasant and every
thing is favorable to a big success.
The King of the Carnival arrived on a
special steamer at the foot of Canal street
at 2 o'clock this afternoon. The jam of
humanity was unprecedented. The King
was enthusiastically received, and on his
disembarkage the procession moved up
Canal to Camp street, from where it
marched to the City Flail. Arriving there
the usual ceremonies were observed, and
the keys of the city were turned over to his
Majesty by the Mayor.
For the next forty-eight hours Rex w ill
reign supreme in the city. To-night the
Rex ball took place at Washington Artil
lery Hall and the beautiful tableaux and
procession of Proteus paraded. The krewe
of Proteus in their gorgeous pageant to
night departed from the line of romantic
and mythical subjects which has heretofore
delighted the public and chose the origi
nal subject, "Dumb Society," a review of
the animal kingdom from a social point of
view. Twenty floats in all were required
to display the amusing satire.
IN THE BANDS OF FRIENDS.
General Manderson Would Not Refuse
the Nomination.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.— Ex-
Senator Manderson of Nebraska in an in
terview to-day admitted that he was in
the hands of his friends as a candidate for
the Presidency before the Republican con
vention at St. Louis.
For months ' Mr. Manderson has been the
reciyicnt of letters from all parts of the
country, urging him to enter the contest.
The insistence, he said, seemed to become
i more persistent with his expressions of
! disinclination, and before leaving Ne
braska be stated he would make no fur
ther opposition, but would remain passive.
General Manderson said to-night that
the various marks of confidence and man
ifestations of indorsement which would
be apparent by the presentation of his
name at St. Louis are most grateful and
acceptable.
He has been greatly \ influenced by the
kindly expressions of the Eastern press,
particularly Pennsylvania, where he was
born, and Ohio, where his early manhood
was spent. Under the circumstances, he
can only stand'and wait. '
For San Pedro Harbor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.— A dele
gation from Los Angeles, Cal., was given
a hearing this morning by the River and'
Harbor Committee of the 4 House for the
appropriation of $392,000 for the improve
ment of Han Pedro harbor. The delega
tion, which was introduced by Mr. Mc-
Lachlin, consisted of Colonel H. G. Otis
W. C. Patterson, W ,G. Kerichoff and W.
D. Woolwine, all of Los Angeles. All of
them addressed the committee on the sub
ject in hand, as did also Senators Perkins
and White.
Johnson and Dams.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.—Con
gressman Johnson of California authorizes
the statement- that he was not opposed to
the ; appropriation for restraining ■: dams.
On the contrary, he favored and will sup-'
port heartily the bill introduced by him
appropriating $250,000, to be used with like
amounts I appropriated by . California, in
erecting restraining dams.
Third Assistant.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Feb. 17. -The
President to-day sent to the Senate the
nomination of William Woodward ; Bald
win of New York to be Third Assistant
Secretary of State.
ARIZONA'S HIGH
COURT SCANDAL
Full Text of the Charges
Against Judge A. C.
Baker.
TOLD IN A DEPOSITION.
Lewis Jordan Files His Accusa
tion With the Department
of Justice.
SAYS TRIBUTE WAS LEVIED.
The Chief Justice Declared to Have
Held Court When No Cases
Were on the Docket.
PHOENIX, AEiz.,.Feb. 17.— Sensational
indeed aro the charges preferred against
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court A. C.
Baker by Lewis Jordan, the text of which
was published in The Call several weeKs
ago. Jordan, who was formerly a court
attache, accuses Justice Baker of defraud
ing the public out of large sums of money
in salaries for work never performed; of
opening court when there were no cases to
be tried that the court officials could draw
fees; of levying tribute upon the attaches,
and finally of drunkenness and disgraceful
conduct. The original copy of Jordan's
deposition, a transcript of which he pre
sented in person to the Department of
Justice at Washington, was shown to a
Call correspondent to-night.
The document is in the shape of a depo
sition sworn to before a notary public and
attested by three witnesses. If these
charges can be substantiated by the rec
ords, Judge Baker is in serious trouble.
After the usual legal opening and the re
cital of how he was affronted and how,
after witnessing innumeral irregularities,
he resigned, Mr. Jordan says:
"My first knowledge of anything of these
irregularities occurred in March, 1894,
when Mr. Walker and myself were alone
in the clerk's oflice. Mr. Walker, my su
perior clerk, remarked to me that the ex
penses of the office were pretty high, and
said: 'Lewis, I pay Baker $100 per month
for this position, and he keeps drawing on
me until it keeps me nearly broke.'
"Secrecy with regard to this was en
joined by Mr. Walker. I was greatly sur
prised and both looked and showed it.
Several times after this Mr. Walker told
me the same thing, and I have seen him
pay Judge Baker money, and at all times
note it down in a book.
"While Judge Baker was in California
the past summer he wrote and telegraphed
to Mr. Walker for money, and Mr. Walker
showed me the letters and telegrams, say
ing on one of these occasions: 'Baker will
keep bleeding me until he gets every cent
I make.' -*•_'- "
"In this way matters moved along for
about one year and then Miss Minnie
Baker, a daughter of Judge Baker, com
menced to work in her father's chambers.
At this time Mr. Walker called me into
the courtroom one day and said to me :
" 'Judge Baker tells me to find a place in
the office for Miss Baker, and some new
arrangement must be made. The proposi
tion is this: The Judge wants to save the
$2 per diem of the court-crier, but she can
not act, so the Judge will appoint you,
and you act as court-crier— just simply
open court in the morning so as to save
that $2 per diem for Miss Baker. Miss
Baker will do the entering of judgments
and such copy work as there is in the
office.' ;C^,:
"I hesitated, but Walker pressed me and
I consented, Mr. Walker saying: 'You
see, if I make this arrangement, the Judge
will open court every day, business or no
business, so he can get the $2 per diem as
court-crier, and I can get my per diem,
which is $10, as clerk of the United States
Court.'
"I did not like the arrangement at all,
but did it, understanding that my posi
tion depended on my so doing. Mr. Walker
and myself then went to Judge Baker's
chambers and Mr. Walker said to the
Judge, "It is all right, Judge."
"The Judge said: 'All right, Lewis; you
put an order on the minutes appointing
yourself court-crier, and understand, the
arrangement is simply to save the per
diem as crier' ; and then Mr. Walker said
to me: ' You put your initials on the
records as "F. L. Jordan, crier," but in
the office as deputy clerk sign as you have
always, "Lewis Jordan, deputy clerk." '
. "Judge Baker said : I 'Yes, that is a good
idea.' )
"This arrangement was so distasteful to
me that in a conversation with my father
a few days after I told him of it and said I
was tired of it. He cautioned me about
doing anything touching the matter until
I found something else to do, and then ad
vised me to get out as quickly as possible.
"On July 1, 1895, Judge Baker and fam
ily left for California and were gone all
the summer. Miss Baker returned to St.
Louis and has never returned to Phoenix.
Mr. Walker said to me that the same ar
rangement would be made about the court
crier business. I made out my account as
court-crier, which amounted to $130.
"Mr. Walker said to me: 'You and Judge
Baker are both going away, and I will pay
Baker or Miss Baker that money. You get
the check made out so I can get it.' I did
so, and the check was indorsed by J. E.
Walker on the back and paid to him."
Continuing, the deposition tells of how
this went on; how he (Jordan) found
Walker's notebook, in which was set
down ail the sums of money the latter
gentleman had paid to Judge Baker. \ The
complainant asserts that court was opened
when there were no cases to be ; heard,
simply that the clerk and crier could draw
their wages.
Accompanying the deposition are ex
hibits of the record, showing the alleged
rascality— how court was opened fifty-six
days and business actually transacted on
but eighteen.' There is also an auxiliary
affidavit, asserting that Judge Baker was
grossly intoxicated on December ; 5 and
went about the streets carousing and
swearing at the members of the Grand 5
Jury then in session. , .. ■
SHANNON IS CONFIDENT.
Governor. Hughes'. Enemy ' Says } the ' Ex-
ecutive Will Be Removed.
PHCENIX, Ariz., 17.— Hon. Charles
M. Shannon, Internal Revenue Collector
for New Mexico and Arizona, Democratic
National committeeman for Arizona and
the man who knocked down the Governor
of New Mexico when that official called
him a man of questionable veracity in
Santa Fe a few weeks ago, is in the city.
In the fight to secure the removal of L.
C. Hughes, Governor of Arizona, Mr.
Shannon has been a prominent and
moving spirit. When asked last night
what the prospects for success were he
replied:
"They are good, sir; very good. Hughes'
removal is certain. The people of this
Territory are tired of him exceedingly
so and the Democratic party is disgusted
with him. He is- ruining Arizona. His
administration has been notoriously cor
rupt, and he would have been removed
long ago had not some important affairs
of state engrossed the attention of the
President. The charges made against
Hughes by the united Democratic party of
the Territory have been verified by 'the
report of Judge Obie and Colonel Duncan,
agents of the Department of the Interior. So
soon as the more important affairs of state
have been disposed of the matter will be
taken up and Mr. Hughes' successor
named."
C AUGHT NEAR SUSANVILLE.
Sheriff Church Takes an Indian Mur-
derer After a Long Search.
CHICO, Cal., Feb. 17.— Sheriff Church
of Lassen County has captured Indian Joe,
who murdered China Frank near Susan
ville last fall. The Indian has been in
hiding ever since.
A few years ago China Frank became
involved in a row near Susanville and in
the tight shot and killed a brother of
Indian Joe, also wounding another brother
named Sam. He condoned the offense,
however, by paying the relatives of the
dead Indian $50. Joe, in company with a
couple of Indians, visited Genesee Valley
last autumn, learned that China Frank
was working at a corral near by, repaired
to the corral and deliberately' shot him
down. It is for this murder that Joe
takes an enforced trip to the County Jail.
Hitherto the Indiana have been allowed
to adjudicate their personal differences
among themselves, but in this case the
authorities will take a hand. ft has been
the redskins' custom that if a murder was
committed the offense could be condoned
and the murder forgiven if he paid the
relatives a few ponies. There is a possi
bility of China Frank's slayer visiting the
happy hunting grounds by the rope route.
TACOMA'S REFORM WAVE
President and Cashier of the
Columbia National Bank
Indicted.
A Prominent Capitalist Accused of
Appropriating Money Deposited
in His Keeping.
TACOMA, Wash.^ Feb. 17.-After delib
erating and taking testimony for a week
the Federal Grand Jury to-day returned an
indictment against Major Henry B.Oliver,
president of the defunct Columbia Nation
al Bank, and Cashier W. G. Peters, as
accessory, for embezzlement. They will
be arraigned to-morrow to plead.
When National Bank Examiner Charles
Clary took possession of the bank last fall
he found its affairs in a bad condition.
Partly as the result of his discoveries two
public treasurers are now awaiting trial on
criminal charges. Clary unearthed some
peculiar transactions of Oliver. The latter
stood high in the community and was
president of the city Board of Education.
As the result of Clary's discoveries Oliver
was arrested, waived a preliminary hear
ing and was released on $10,000 bonds,
awaiting the action of the Grand Jury.
The indictment against Oliver contains
fourteen counts, in effect that Oliver pre
vailed upon D. Bottenus, a merchant
tailor of Cincinnati, who owned $20,000
worth of stock in the bank, to make a de
posit of $4000; that after the deposit was
made Oliver had the money transferred to
his own personal account and proceded to
check it out. Evidence that he had done
so was not destroyed. Oliver's defense
will be ignorance of banking and that he
believed the action to have been legiti
mate. Bottenus has been here several
weeks and will push the prosecution.
Oliver formerly was a member of the
faculty of Girard College, Philadelphia,
and has a good war record. Before j
coming here in 1887 he was at the head of j
the House of Correction in Cincinnati.
The trial of J. W. McCauley, ex-City I
Treasurer, charged with making a profit I
out of public funds by drawing interest on i
deposits in the Columbia National Bank, I
was begnn to-day. The day was occupied
in securing a jury. >
NEW TO-DAT.
"Sloane's"
Special Sale of Furniture [ FOR thirty days i
;At less than MANUFACTURER'S
| COST. Dainty Parlor Suits, Latest
I Designs In Bedroom Sets, Elegant
' Dining-room, Hall and Library Fur-
niture.
BEDROOM SETS
We quote for Example:
Regular Reduced
W-s .'.';'. Price. $19 50
50 (3-pce) Oak Sets,
full sized beveled
Mirrors $26 50 $19 SO
50 (3-pce) Birch
Sets, full sized
Cheval Glass,
highly finished. .. .s27 SO $21 BO
50 (3-pce) Oak Sets,
Stylish Design,
French Bey. Plate,
28x36 $45 OO $30 OO
All other grades at proportionate
reductions.
Rugs.
■
A lot of made-up Remnant Rugs at Half Regular Value.
1000, size 30 Inches by 60 Inches, Smyrna Rugs at $3 75— close
$2 IO each. v. ...
1000, size 36 Inches by 72 Inches, Smyrna Rugs at $5 SO— to close
$2 90 each.
1000 Hassocks, regular price $1 25, to close 50 cents each.
W. & J. SLOANE & GO.
CARPETS, FURNITURE, UPHOLSTERY,
641-647 Market Street, S. IT.
SAN RAFAEL'S
NEW WOMAN
She Strikes Like a Corbett
and Fears Not the
Law.
THRASHES AN OFFICER.
Deputy Sheriff Hannon Roughly
Handled While Attempting
an Arrest.
COLLIDES WITH AN UPPERCUT.
He Finally Makes the Capture, but Is
Now Nursing a Bruised
Countenance.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. 17.— ••Jack"
Hannon, one of Sheriff Henry Harrison's
deputies, was to-day vanquished by a San
Rafael woman after a fierce hand-to-hand
tussle, which lasted over fifteen minutes.
Hannon is one of the largest men em
ployed in the Sheriff's office, weighing
over 200 pounds, but notwithstanding the
great strength and weight of the depoity
he was badly used up and was glad to get
away from the woman's unmerciful beat
ing.
Hannon had a legal paper to serve upon
Mrs. Nelson's daughter, who was charged
with numerous offenses, but Mrs. Nelson's
daughter saw the Deputy Sheriff coming
after her and made an effort to escape.
She ran into the house and her mother
closed the door and bolted it. The deputy
was not to be so easily defeated in his pur
pose and tried to get into the house
through another door, but Mrs. Nelson,
who has had experience with officers of
the law before, got around to the door in
time to confront him.
The deputy attempted to push by her,
but Mrs. Nelson assumed a belligerent at
titude, and raising her fist high above her
she brought it down with a resounding
whack upon the head of the unfortunate
officer. Hannon ducked his head only to
receive an upper cut, sent with all the
strength of the woman's right arm. The
blow landed on his right cheek and
brought the deputy to a full realization of
his danger.
While Mrs. Nelson was thrashing the
representative of Sheriff Harrison, the
daughter, the cause of all the trouble, had
been watching the combat from a second
story window, and when a good oppor
tunity offered she slid down one of the
pillars supporting the roof of the porch
and started on a run down the street.
About this time, Hannon, who had de
spaired of subduing Mrs. Nelson, was re
treating in search of assistance. He saw
the girl fleeing away. The deputy gave
j chase and finally captured her.
The marks of Mrs. Nelson's fists are still
visible upon Hannon's face, and he has
sworn off fighting the "new" woman.
Not 'From a Dirided Party.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb. 17.— William R.
| Morrison, who reached this city yester
j day, says that he would not accept a Presi
i dential nomination from a divided party.
He does not object to a convention fight,
but it must be a fight in which vanquished
and victor must afterward shake hands and
I does not object to a convention fight,
it must be a fight in which vanquished
1 victor must afterward shake hands and
cc to support the candidate. He thinks
that the silver Democrats are beginning to
see that they must make concessions to
save the party. •
General Harrison Positive.
INDIANAPOLIS, Inc., Feb. 17.—Gene
ral Harrison has positively declined to let
his name go before the State convention as
a delegate-at-large to St. Louis, and has
notified his friends that it it useless to urge
the matter upon him.
34
MAN-HUNTING
NEAR VISALIA
Sheriff Merritt and Posse
Pursuing the Johnson
Brothers.
ANTICIPATE A FIGHT.
The Twin Desperadoes Not Likely
to Be Captured Without
a Battle.
WANTED FOR MANY CHIMES.
Stolen Property Found in Their Wid
owed Mother's Home— She Is
Under Arrest.
VISALIA, Cat.., Feb. 17.— Sheriff Mer
ritt to-day sent Frank Hafley and a posse
to the mountains to capture Dudley and
Ben Johnson, twin brothers, charged with
robbing the Farmersville store and post
office on December 11 and Rankin's store
at Lindsay on February 6. It is believed
that the men also robbed the Porterville
nostofficc last September of several hun
dred dollars in money and stamps, and
several holdups of belated travelers are
laid at their door.
Constable Harry Bernstein of Hanford
was informed last Tuesday that the thieves
had stolen eight sacks of barley from the
Cressy ranch, south of Hanford, and a
set of harness from a Spaniard near there.
He and the Spaniard started out early
and soon found the trail and followed it
twenty-eight miles to the home of the
Johnsons. When they, arrived there the
mother of the twins said that Dudley was
at Yisalia and Ben was away. Disbeliev
ing her, Bernstein shouted Johnson's
name and immediately Dudley Johnson
came out of the house and asked, '"What
do you want?" On being informed that.
Ben- had a warrant he seized a Win
chester and leveled it at the officer and de
clared the warrant would not be served.
Bernstein was forced to beat a retreat.
The Constable went to Hanford. secured
Sheriff Buckner and Constables Goodrich
and Collins and then returned to the
ranch. They found the boys gone, but a
search of the house resulted in tho recov
ery of a quantity of plunder.
The widowed mother disclaimed all
knowledge of her sons' acts, but she was
arrested and placed in jail. Her eight
year-old grandson could not be left alone
and he was jailed witn his grandmother.
The posse searching for the Johnsons is
now in the foothill. It is believed that the
two desperadoes will not be taken withont
a fight.
TULARE, Cm., Feb. 17.— Johnson
brothers doubled on th ■ posse and are now
heading for Tehachapi Mountain. Han
ley's men are about four hours behind
them.
ON THE STANFORD COURT.
Co-Eds of Castilleja Hall and the
University Will Play
Basket-Ball.
A Contest Between Athletic Bloomer i
Girls Which Promises to Be
Very Exciting.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
17. — The "co-eds" have at last arranged a
game of basket-ball with a team from a
young ladies' boarding-school at Palo
Alto— the Castilleja Hall team. Miss
Stella A. McCray is the captain of the
Stanford "co-eds,'.' and a remarkably dash
ing player herself. She is also high up in
the lists as a tennis-player and is a recog
nized athlete among tbe women. She
asserts that her "men" are not as quick as
the Castilleja players; but they are going
in to win their first match of this semester
and, if successful, the Berkeley young
ladies will be challenged to play a game.
Basket-ball has lone been "a favorite
game among the co-eds here, and the
Stanford team has, almost to a game, de
feated all comers. Tbe game itself is in
tensely exciting to participants as well as
to spectators. Nine is the number con
stituting a team, and the game is played
with an inflated, round, leather ball.
much like a football, but smaller.
The object of each side is to throw the
ball through an iron hoop on the opposite
side of the field. These hoops are ele
vated some feet above the ground and the
ball must be thrown so as to fall through
as it descends. The players are clad in
bloomers, and as the contestants scramble
and scrimmage a iter :he ball the effect is
amusing.
President Chris Henne of the class of
'97 has appointed the committee which is
to have charge of the junior day exercises,
as to the arrangement of the programme,
etc. The committee includes J. M. Ross,
chairman; Miss Alice E. Wheeler, Sherriil
B. Osborne, F. V. T. Lee, C. L. Thompson,
Chester A. Thomas, Chris Henne, D.
Brown, F. W. Lake and Mr. Holbrook.
The schedule of interciass games has at
last been arranged and the matches will
undoubtedly cause considerable interest
here. The latent class rivalry needs but
slight provocation.- The games will take
place as follows:
'96 vs. '99— Thursday. February 20.
"98 vs. '97— Tuesday February^ 25.
The winners in these matches are
to meet Friday, February 23, to decide the
championship.
SECRETS TOLD IN FRESNO
Ex-Senator Goucher's Story of an
Alliance Between Budd
and Daggett.
Political Partnership Having for Its
Object the Securing of Senator
White's Toga.
FRESNO, Cal.', Feb. 17.-Ex-Senator
Goucher, a gentleman prominent iv the
councils of the Democratic party of Cali
fornia and chief editor of the Fresno
Watchman, has just made public a politi
cal secret through the medium of his
newspaper. It is decidedly in the 'nature
of "inside history," mit the ex-Senator
seems to have no compunction of con
-
science for what might be regarded in
some quarters as a breach of confidence.
The statesman-editor, without circumlo
cution or apology, says:
"About a year ago a prominent Demo
cratic politician told the writer that he
knew that John Daggett of the United
States Mint at San Francisco and Governor
Budd had combined to 'do polities', to
gether. The ultimate result was stated
to be that one or the other could be sent
to the United States Senate in place of
Steve White, provided, of course, that a
Democratic Legislature could be oppor
tunely secured.
"In" this connection it will be remem
bered that Governor Budd's time as Gov
ernor will be out about a week or two
before Senator White's successor will have
to be chosen by the Legislature. This will
avoid the State constitution's inhibition
against a Governor's eligibility to become
a United States Senator during his in
cumbency of the great State office. Dag
gett's time as mint superintendent will be
out in time to look out for the senator
ship, too.
"The only feature of the story confirmed
by facts is that the Governor has appointed
some of Daggett's friends to State positions
and that Daggett has reciprocated in the
usual manner by recognizing some of
Budd's friends. There is another circum
stance giving color to the story, and that
is that Daggett could not be induced to ap
point one of Senator White's sisters to a
position in the Mint.
"It is certain that Daggett has no use for
White or White's friends, but if Daggett
and Budd really are in close political alli
ance the reason of the attraction between
them is not apparent unless Daggett wants
to be Governor or Budd wants to succeed
himself, and the senatorship has been ac
cordingly arranged. We prefer to believe
that Budd will let such a proposed combi
nation alone. If Daggett wants to make a
fight against White let him have an unin
terrupted chance to "do so, and then the
people of California will easily decide the
question without exposing the Governor's
political hand."
THE WILLOWS TRIAL.
Twelve Men Sworn to Weigh the Evidence
Against Editor Sehom.
WILLOWS. Cal., Feb. Twelve men
have been sworn to try Editor W. A. Se
horn for the killing of Druggist Putnam
last October. The taking of testimony
will begin to-morrow.
The court, lawyers and spectators were
surprised alike when at 4:20 o'clock, after
examining the four remaining talesmen in
the venire, only one was excused, and
within a few minutes the twelfth was ac
cepted and the jury sworn to try the case.
Attorney Swinford asked the court to take
a recess until to-morrow morning, which
was granted. The men who will listen to
the testimony and render a verdict are:
John Price, John Squires, S. L. Ballard, A.
Cottrell, M. Campbell, Charles Strawn, S.
M. Silver, Ed Poullott, George Vanderford,
G. W. M unlock, L. L. Thurston and H. D.
Barber.
SHORBS STATION WRECK
Two Passenger Trains on the
Southern Pacific Crash
Together.
Both of the Engines Are Demolished and
Three Persons Receive Slight
Injuries.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 17.— A head
end collision occurred at Shorbs station on
the Southern Pacific Railroad this morn
ing at 10 o'clock between two passenger
trains, one a local train from Los Angeles
eastward bound, and the other the incom
ing flyer. At this point the double track
from Los Angeles ends. The local train
was moving along slowly toward the
switch leading onto the single track.
There is a sharp curve, making it impos
sible for the engineer of the train bound
west to observe the condition of the switch.
The flyer had the right of way and was
coming at a high rate of speed. The switch
had been thrown open, and before the
engineer of the flyer was aware of the
fact his engine was onto the switch. Both
himself and the fireman jumped, as did
also the engineer and fireman of the local,
when they saw that a collision was un
avoidable.
The engines came together with a ter
rible crash, ana they were completely de
molished, the fronts being stove in. En
gine 1962, which was attached to the flyer,
was the pride of the officials of this end of
the iine, being considered one of the finest
and speediest locomotives owned by the
Southern Pacific Company. Engine 1300,
attached to the local, was also a very fine
piece of locomotive mechunism.
Brakeman Lemon of the flyer jumped
and one of his fingers was crushed. Bag
gageman Canniff, also of the flyer, was
thrown against the side of a car, receiving
a slight cut over the right eye. One pas
senger, who was leaning, on bis elbow
against the window, was thrown forward
against the casement of the window, re
ceiving a cut about two inches in length
over the right eye. All the seats in the
day coach were nearly wrenched from
their fastenings, and boxes / and parcels
went flying about from the racks like a
big hailstorm. Women screamed, and for a
time the greatest consternation prevailed,
but after the excitement had abated it
was found that, excepting the slight in
juries received' by Lemon, Canniff and the
passenger, occupants of the trains had
fortunately escaped.
MARE ISLAND MONUMENT.
A Tree to Be Planted in Soil From the
Grave of Dr.' Browne.
VALLEJO. Cal., Feb. 17.— An interest
ing ceremony will be performed in the
grounds adjacent to the Naval Hospital at
the navy yard on Thursday afternoon,
Major K. A. Sherman of Oakland will, with
due Masonic ceremonies, plant a black
acacia tree in commemoration of the late
Mcd ical Director John M. Browne, U. S. N..
a past grand master of the Grand Lodge of
F. and A. M. of California. The soil in
which the tree is to be planted was taken
from the grave of Dr. Browne at Arlington
Heights. Members cf Naval Lodge No. 87,
F. and A. If., of Vailejo, of which Medical
Director Browne was a member, will be
present and assist in the interesting cere
monies. While at the yard Major Sher
man will be the guest of Chaplain A. A
McAllister, U. S. N.
It was through the instrumentality of
Dr. Browne that tbe hospital building was
erected at the naval station, and it has
been deemed eminently fitting that the
tree should be planted to commemorate
his worth.
Attempted Hold- Up at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO,. Cal., Feb. 17.— Frank
Howerton, while on his way home from
the city early this evening, was stopped
by two masked men near the city limits.
Howerton had a pistol under the cushion
of his buggy seat, and when he went for
it the men sprang aside and escaped in the
darkness. They were armed, but did not
fire upon him. Howerton drove home,
got his Shotgun and came back and
searched for the men, but could - not '.. find
them.. .."-,;"■>-;";./•
Burglary at Biggs.
CHICO, Cal., Feb. 17.— George Miller's
saloon at Bigss • was entered by a burglar
last night. Nothing was taken but a
nictel-in-the-slot machine, from which the
miscreants secured $4.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1896.
SAN JOSE'S BIG
WILL CONTEST
Eva Rose Barron's Motion
for a New Trial Is
Granted.
ERRORS OF THE COURT.
Unsoundness of the Millionaire's
Mind Not Proved by the
Evidence.
REOPENS A BITTER FIGHT.
George Barron's Counsel Will Appeal
to the Supreme Court Against
a Rehearing.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 17.— Judges Lori
gan and . Reynolds, sitting in bane, this
morning handed down opinions granting
the motion"of Eva Rose Barron, the wid
ow, for a new trial in the contest brought
by George E. Barron, and which resulted
in the setting aside- of the will of his
father, Edward Barron, on the ground
that undue influence had been used and
that the deceased was of unsound mind at
the time the will was made.
Edward Barron died at Mayfield in 1893,
leaving an estate valued at $1,500,000. He
left a will dated Febuary 4, 1892, under
which George E. Barron, a son by his first
wife, was given a life interest in $100,000,
and his brother, William R. Barron, was
left $200,000. The residue of the estate,
with the exception of about $50,000 left to
charities, was left to the widow, Eva Rose
Barron, and her three minor children.
George Barron at once commenced a con
test of the will, and after a lengthy trial in
this city the jury on March 7, 1895, ren
dered a verdict in favor of George Barron,
setting the will aside.
Eva Rose Barron, by her attorneys, then
filed a bill of exceptions and asked for a
new trial.
In his opinion Judge Lorigan discussed
the case, the assignments of error, etc., in
full. The court did not believe that any
undue influence was shown. As to the
soundness of mind the court said tbe evi
dence was conflicting. A new trial was
granted on the erroneous admission of tes
timony. The trial court has erred in al
lowing the introduction of testimony as
to the early poverty of Edward Barron
and his first wife and as to the value of
community property at the time they sep
arated.
Judge Reynolds concurred in the opin
ion of Judge Lorigan. He held that an
error had been committed by the court in
allowing D. M. Delma9 in his address to
the jury to comment upon the excluded
questions and answers in the testimony of
Mary A. Corbett in reference to the con
duct of the first Mrs. Barron toward her
husband and children up to the time they
separated, and also in regard to the con- ;
duct of Barron a short time prior to their
separation. He also held that the court
erred in allowing Attorney Bowden to re
fer to the separation of Barron and his
first wife in addressing the jury. All the
other statements of error were denied.
The matter of granting a new trial will
be taken to the Supreme Court by the at
torneys for the contestant, George Barron.
MISSING FROM HIS HOME.
The Proprietor of a Lodging-House
Mysteriously Disappears.
SAN JOSE,;CaI., Feb. 17— William H.
McCune, the proprietor of the Stanford
lodging-house at the corner of First and
San Antonio streets, has mysteriously dis
appeared. McCune was an engineer on
the Southern Pacific Railroad for years,
but went out in the strike of the American
Railway Union . nearly two years ago.
About a year ago he came to this city and
purchased the Stanford lodging-house.
McCune did not seem suited to an inac
tive life and has worried - a great deal of
late. It is feared that his mind was un
balanced. A week ago he left the house
while laboring under deep excitement. His
wife became alarmed at his actions and
followed him. After several blocks she
lost sight of him and he has not been seen
since.
BONDSMEN MUST PAY.
Absconder George Hughes' Sureties Or
dered to Settle His Shortages.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. Judges Rey
nolds and Lorigan, sitting in bane, to-day
rendered an opinion holding B. D. Murphy
and J. G. Enright, bondsmen of George
Hughes, the absconding notary public,
liable for the peculations of Hughes,
amounting to several thousand dollars'
which he had secured on forged promis
sory notes and mortgages. The court
held that the bondsmen were liable for the
official misdeeds of Hughes , and gave
judgment to P. Doerr for $700, with inter
est since January 24, 1892; Martha David- i
son et al., for $2000. with interest since
November 11, 1893, Frank Draves for $1200,
with interest since November, 1894, and S.
Kirk, as administrator of J. D. Guerraz,
for $1400 with interest from November'
1893.
TWO HIGHWAY ROBBERIES.
Road Agents Levy Tribute Upon East
San Jose Citizens. .-yW.'.-y
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 17.- S. N. Gru
wcll, an old man, was held up on Mc-
Laughlin avenue, in East San Jose, last
evening by William' Layman and relieved
of $6. Layman was armed with a large
knife and threatened to kill Gruwell un
less he produced some money. A warrant
has been issued for Layman.
John Nicora, while riding with two
young ladies in East San Jose last even
ing, was held up by two men and robbed
of $7. The description of one of the men
tallies with that of Layman.
»
Alexander's Will Filed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 17.— will of
Isador Alexander, who committed suicide
by hanging last Thursday night, was filed
for probate this afternoon. The estate
consists of real property in Oakland and is
valued at $12,500. The property is left to
the widow. ' -y
SACRAMENTO SENSATION.
Mayor Hubbard Prefers Serious Charges
Against Captain Anthony Green of
the Police Force.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 17.— Charges
of a serious nature have been filed against
Captain Anthony Green of the local police
force by Mayor Hubbard, who j has also
instructed Chief Drew to suspend the cap
tain from duty.
It is stated that for some time a close
watch has been kept upon the actions of
Captain Green by an agent of the Board of
Trustees, and it has been found, it is
claimed, that he spent most of his time
in the pool rooms, and that he was
a frequent visitor during the midnight
hours at the residence of a man for whom,
oyer a : year ago, he had procured a posi
tion as night barkeeper at a prominent
downtown hotel. The charges in full are
as follows:
First— Violating the rules of the Police De
partment. •>. • ■ -
Second— Neglect of duty as an officer.
Third— Conduct unbecoming an officer and a
gentleman.
Fourth— That lor some time past in the city of
Sacramento, and while acting in the capacity
of captain of police, said Anthony Green has
frequented gambling and pool-selling rooms,
and has contributed to the support of gaming;
that he has continually and willfully vio
lated rule 17 of the police regulations of this
city by frequenting gambling rooms, etc., and
has failed to make a written or any other re-
Eortof the same; that for some time past he
as often violated rule 3 of police regulations
of Sacramento by drinking intoxicating
liquors on duty. V'^'!??f***H%'fi?'-'%%
Fifth— That said Anthony Green has often
neglected his duties as chief of the night force,
and has retired and left the station and police
force without a commanding officer, the duty
of said officer being to look after and regulate
the night detail of the police department.
Sixth— said Captain Antnony Green
did on the night of February 14 neglect his
duties as said Captain of Police, and went to
the noma of one R. \V. Donnca at 1013 Q street
at about midnight, and remained there sev
eral hours thereafter: that said Captain
Anthony Green has often absented himself
from his office at the police station during the
night and retired to the above-mentioned
house and remained there during the night;
that the neglect of the said Captain Green has
demoralized the police force and is working
great injury to the department. Wherefore
complainant asks that said Anthony Green
may be cited to appear and show cause, If he
nave any, why he should not be dismissed
from the police force of said city.
.:..;•->. . C. H. Hubbard.
HEALDSttURG'S WINERIES.
Prominent Growers Make a Tour of In-
spection of the District.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., Feb. 17.— "1 have
just returned from a tour of the wine
cellars of the Cloverdale and Healdsburg
districts," said B. W. Paxton to a Call
representative to-day. "I accompanied
H. Lachman of the association, who sam
pled the vintage of '05. ,'-''<'
"We found the wine pretty fair, but high
in acid— sound wine, however. The ex
cess of acid is due to the grape-grower
picking the crop too early.
"The grape-grower can be an important
factor in causing the winemaker to manu
facture inferior wine unless he exercise
proper care in the delivery of his product.
Leaves, rotten or unripe grapes are not
calculated to make a salable, palatable
wine, and hence the reputation of the dis
trict suffers. lam happy to inform you,
however, that Mr. Lachman did not find a
gallon of wine to be condemned. This is
certainly a matter for congratulation.
"Prospects are bright for our industry.
If the producer will assist the manufac
turer in an effort to put on the market
sound wines the dark days of viticulture
are past in this country."
LOS ANGELES ROMANCE
Mrs. Bella Lovett Claims That
Her Mother-in-Law Caused
Her Unhappiness.
Sues the Parents of Her Husband for
Damages for Alienating His
Affections.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 17.— A sen
sational suit has been filed by Mrs. Bella
F. Lovett against Mrs. Harriet Lovett and
Henry F. Lovett, in which the plaintiff
asks $25,000 damages for the alleged alien
ation of her husband's affection by the
defendants, who are his father and
mother.
Bella F. Lorett, in her complaint, sets
forth that her husband, Albert H. Lovett,
has, by the influence and persuasions of
his mother, Mrs. Harriet Lovett, treated
her outrageously. The old folks are
wealthy and objected to the marriage of
their only son to Bella. She alleges that
she got along nicely with her husband up
to May, 1895, but from that time on her
mother-in-law interfered. She claims
that her mother-in-law has always had her
husband very much under her control and
that the marriage made no difference;
she ruled her son with a rod of iron just
the same. "-.'.-.;'„
Albert, the wife alleges, was a very duti
ful son, and always obeyed his mother.
The complainant charges that Mrs. Har
riet Lovett told stories about Mrs. Bella
Lovett to her husband, saying that she was
not a true wife and had no affection for
him; that she had married him solely for
his prospective inheritance of great wealth
as an only son. She continued circulating
these reports until the heart of the husband
was steeled against his wife. It is alleged
that Albert was told that unless be de
serted his wife he would be disinherited,
and, being faint-hearted, he acceded to the
wishes of his mother and went to Boston
with her, leaving the plaintiff in a desti
tute condition. -^ -J y v^
CUT IN WATER RATES.
Horizontal Reduction of SO Per Cent Or
dered in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 17.— City
Council to-day adopted an ordinance mak
ing a horizontal reduction of 50 cent
in the water rates charged consumers by
the Los Angeles Water Company. The
ordinance received the votes of every one
ofthe nine Councilraen. If the rates are
enforced the income of the water company
will be reduced $200,000 per 'annum.
The fact that the council committee on
water supply recommended a reduction of
only 33J4 per cent, and that this cut was
increased to 50 per cent and adopted by a
unanimous vote, has caused . the impres
sion to arise that there is a string oh the
cut somewhere that will enable the water
company to prevent the enforcement of tne
reduced rates.
Assassinated at Santa Ana,
SANTA ANA, Cal., Feb. 17.— Jose Sepnl
veda, a young man, was shot through the
head here this evening by an unknown
person and killed. Sepulveda was on his
way to a dance when tbe assassin shot him
down. He was found lying on, the side
walk, with a bullet hole under his left eye.
CORRIGAN IN THE BAHAMAS.
The Archbishop Stiff From Exposure
During ills Mission.
NEW YORK, N. V., Fob. 17.-A letter
was received «.y. the Rev. M. J. Lavelle,
rector of the cathedral, on Saturday to the
effect that Archbishop Corrigan is suffer
ing from a severe cold in the Bahamas,
which may result in a postponement of his
return to this city, father Lavelle at
once sent a dispatch to the Archbishop ad
vising him not to endanger his health by a
return while not in good physical condi- j
tion. j
The Archbishop has been in the Baha
mas for several weeks, going from place to
place administering the sacrament of con
firmation to children in; different: and re
mote parts of the islands. It was during
his peregrinations that he caught cold. It
was his intention to visit all the churches
on the- west side on successive Sundays to
help to raise the $300,000 necessary to com
plete the new seminary at Troy. .
— -*.: ■y'^yy
The Oceanic Arrives.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 17.— The : disabled
steamer Oceanio, from Sunderland Janu
ary 20 for Baltimore, arrived at anchorage
below Boston light to-night in tow of the
W ilson line steamer Galilee. ;
MRS, CODY NOT
AT STOCKTON.
Hopes of Her Relatives Are
Again Dashed to the
Ground.
A WOMAN OF MYSTERY.
The Missing Wife's Double Walks
to the City and Applies
for Assistance.
DETAINED BY THE , OFFICERS.
Tacoma's Chief of Police Is Summoned,
Only to Announce Another
Disappointment.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 17.— elation
of the local officials and the joy of the
relatives of Mrs. Arthur B. Cody, the miss
ing Chicago woman for whom scores of
men, spurred on by magnificent rewards,
have been searching for weeks, ended in
hopeless dejection to-night when Chief of
Police Smith of » Tacoma failed to identify
a woman under espionage here as the un
fortunate Mrs. Cody. The depressing
news was at once telegraphed to Mr. Cody,
and almost the last straw at which the
husband could grasp had disappeared.
A few days ago a woman applied at the
kitchen door of a California-street resi
dence for food. She was in a fainting con
dition, and her sad plight bo excited the
sympathy of the lady of the house that she
was taken in and cared for. The woman
stated that she had walked from Auburn j
ana expected to continue to Los Angeles
the next day, at which place she claimed
to have relatives.
The matter was reported to the authori
ties, but it was passed as a case of a female
tramp, and nothing more was thought of
it. The woman did not leave town, how
ever, and shortly afterward Chief Kings
bury received a description of Mrs. Grace
Goodrich Cody, the woman who disap
peared so mysteriously from Tacoma on
December 31. .
The striking resemblance the woma n
bore to the picture of the missing Mrs.
Cody excited the attention of the officers,
and Detective Marshall instituted a search
for the woman. She was not found then,
however, but yesterday the officers were
surprised to see the woman they had been
looking for enter the office of the registrar
of Associated Charities. To Registrar Eck
strom she repeated the story of her long
walk from Auburn and asked aid in order
that she might be sent to Los Angeles,
saying she was too weak to continue her
journey.
Reporters immediately began question
ing her, but she refused to give the names
of the friends with whom she claims to,
have stopped while in Auburn. J She said
her name was Curtiss and told very. dis
connected stories concerning her life. One
very weird narrative was concerning a
shipwreck in which she claimed that her
entire family was lost. , "'./:,,,
The woman had a veil drawn across her
face, but removed it during the conversa
tion, revealing features which bore every
evidence of refinement and good breeding.
She was well dressed, but her clothes were
travel-stained. Her description answered
in many particulars the one sent out by
the Tacoma authorities, except as. to her
age. She claimed to be 60 years old, but
was apparently not over 35, and had the
appearance of one who bad undergone
some sickness or who was laboring under
mental derangement. Her story regard
ing relatives at Los Angeles corresponded
with the fact that Mrs. Cody's children are
at present visiting their grandfather, Judge
Cody of Pasadena, and it was believed the
mother had started to join them after the
sudden derangement of her reason at
Tacoma. o ?; :; ..;-,'?
Chief of Police Smith of Tacoma arrived
in this city this evening in response to the
telegram from Chief of , Police Kingsbury,
and was taken to the hotel where the sup
posed . Mrs. Cody was being detained.
Chief Smith was surprised at her striking
resemblance to Mrs. Cody, but could not
satisfy himself that she was the woman
wanted. The woman told a very rambling
story, but all questions asked with the in
tention of connecting her with the Chicago
lawyer's wife proved unsuccessful. Chief
Smith concluded that he would not take
her back, and wired to Mr. Cody at Chi
cago that the hopes that he had enter
tained that the missing wife had been
found were, in all probability, doomed to
disappointment. ; . 
This does not clear up the mystery, how
ever, as to whom the woman actually is,
and the police are inclined to believe that
there is something about her that she has
not divulged in the course of her conversa
tions. yyVW
HISTORY OF THE AZTECS.
Sources of Information Detailed
Before the Academy of
V Sciences.
An Ancient and Rare Codex Exhibited
and Interpreted by E. J.
Molera.
At the meeting of the members of the
Academy of Sciences last evening Professor
Rufus L. Green of Stanford University and
Rabbi Vobrsahger of this City were elected
to membership. The event of the evening
was the lecture by E. J. Molera on the his
tory of the Aztecs and the latest discov
ered Aztec codex.
'•All the information we have regarding
the Aztecs," said the speaker, "of an au
thentic character is very scant.
"Of all the nations of the continent of
North America none can compare with
them in intelligence, i propose to-night
to show where most .of our information
concerning their history is obtained."
He stated that the earliest arrivals of
Christian priests, in a mistaken spirit, de
stroyed many valuable writings of the na
tives of the present country of Mexico.
"The first document treating of the his
tory of the Aztecs was a painting on a
specially prepared paper, and the facts
were portrayed in hieroglyphics. Another I
similar one was subsequently i found, and
these two gave the history of the Aztecs
for 100 years after their arrival and settle
ment in Mexico. There are two other such
paintings— one known as the Codex Diaz,
i named after the President of Mexico, and
the other the Codex Fernandez, after the
Secretary of \ Public Works of " Mexico. '
Tbe last mentioned was displayed on the
desk at the side of the speaker,, for the in
spection of the audience.
Other codices were then described to the
extent of showing the character of the sub
jects treated of and the periods covered by
each. t'"V^
"The next thing to consider in connec
tion with the history of the Aztecs," Mr.
Molera continued, "are the monuments
and villages built by the Aztecs during
their peregrinations and the temples con
structed by tnem after settling in Mexico.
"Now we have to consider the character
of the information derived from the na
tives by the first invaders of the country
of the Aztecs, also the writings of those
who first came into contact with those in
teresting people.. After the writings of
the conquerors we must depend upon the
writings of the missionaries." Various
works of these kinds were then reviewed
in detail. Mr. Molera next referred to
modern works on the Aztecs, compiled
from the codices that had been success
fully deciphered and which also incorpo
rated the facts described by the hiero
glyphics found on the monuments of Az
tec origin.
At the conclusion of his lecture proper
Mr. Molera submitted two fragments from
one of the codices he had described to tha
spectators. These were in frames and de
picted scenes during the period of the
wanderings of the Aztecs.
The most interesting portion of the
evening's programme to many were the
illustrations by means of the steropticon
of the scenes of one of the wanderings of
this people. In explanation of what was
to come a specially orepared map of Mex
ico, showing the peregrinations of these
Indians before their final settlement in
Mexico, was shown.
In tracing the route of their migration
the lecturer explained that the hiero
glyphics in the various codices showed
that they began their movement south
ward from a lake. He added that accord
ing to the best authorities the Aztecs
came originally from a point in California
or Utah— possibly Lake Tulare or the
Great Salt Lake.
Then came reflections in color of a
codex portraying the advance of the
Aztecs into Mexico for a period of 200
years. In the course of his remarks Mr.
Molera made lucid explanations of the
system of counting in vogue with the
Aztecs, and also made some interesting
interpretations of- the hieroglyphics dis
played. :
> Among other things the composition of
the calendar wheel and the use of the
sacrificial stones were described as they
were presented to the view of the audi
ence. An impressive feature was the ex
hibition of the Lord's Prayer in Aztec
hieroglyphics and its clear interpretation
by the speaker.
OLD BLIND ANNIE DEAD.
Was One of the Historical Char
acters of the Pacific
Coast.
A Chinese Woman at Whose Levees
Favored Tourists Have Been
in Attendance.
Old "Blind Annie" is dead. She was as
much of a landmark in the recollections of
tourists who have visited Chinatown in
the last quarter of a century as are the
Seal Rocks and the Cliff House on the
shores of the Pacific-
She is the Chinese woman who has lived
in a basement room on Jackson street,
near Kearny, surrounded by a score of
cats, her pets, the only comfort she had in
this world.
.People who have been to see her will re
member her abode. The visitor had to
walk along a narrow corridor, and then de
scend into a courtyard, on which "Blind
"Annie's" apartment opened.
.. It made no difference to her that there
were no windows or that the sun never
shone upon her, for she had been blind for
twenty-eight years. People called on her
just the same, as if she had been in the
most sumptuous rooms of a fashionable
hotel. In fact, one of her most recent
callers was Paderewski, who it is said will
not give over ten minutes of his time and
talent to the upper tendom for less than
$2-500. . .
As the world-renowned pianist stepped
out of the ill-smelling den of the old
woman he tossed her ass piece and, feel
ing delighted with his visit, he carried his
j cambric handkerchief to his nose and
walked away delighted at the new experi
ence. , . ■¥■■■.•■.•. .\r.-~j
" Sergeant Helms of the California-street
station has known old Annie for a score of
years, and yesterday, when he found the
crowd gathering about the dying bed, he
detailed Officer Jennings to watch the old
woman and protect her from the crush of
the morbidly inclined throng.
In speaking of the old woman the ser
geant said: "While she has been blind for
twenty-eight years she has been able to
make a livings uch as the Chinese might en
joy. She has lived for twenty-lour years
in the den in which she died, and many
thousands of dollars have been given her
in dimes and dollars.
"The only comfort the woman had was a
perfect school of cats. I really believe she
has twenty or more in the room with her
now. She knew them each and all by
some particular name in Chinese, and she
never made a mistake when she petted
them as they came around her in their
purring way."
"Blind Annie" was the wife of a white
miner in 1853. when women were very
scarce in this country. By him she had
two daughters, who left her at the time
she became blind and went Esst.
The miner left her likewise, and she took
up with a one-eyed old Chinaman, with
whom she lived until his death a few years
ago. Jcoia
All in all, the old Chinese woman whose
remains are now at the Morgue represent
but a bit of dust or decay from the histori
cal features of San Francisco's pioneer
days. j
Mrs Anna M. Sickles, who died the
other day in Kingston, N. V., left 77 living
descendants. vu, *
_______ »TEW^ °- D AT.
' "^^ Jm^^k^tsar <**,■*s*■ "^^9ti'9jp'9},<mx.%
in flavor, uniformlly so,
made of carefully grown and
carefully selected Havana leaf,
JstheNewESTHELU. New crop
<n n « jght colors, and new
sizes— a new delight for you
a you try one, 2 for 25c, 3
tor 25c, and JOe straight.*,*
ESBER6, BACHMAN & CO.. Wholesaler.
NEW TO-DAT.
SPRING
1896.
■ ■ liltiti '
• i I
li ll'l iip i b ■■■
1 i I
■it-
™™HAVE YOU™ 3 ™ 8
Ever bought anything at our
store ? If not, Tuesday will be
a good day to begin. We are
going to introduce to you our
New Spring Styles of Percale
Shirts, with two collars and a
pair of cuffs. You can price
them in any store in the city,
and you will find that they will
ask you $1.25, and at some
places they have
I3U I
the nerve to ask $1.50. They're
just the thing for business and
everything that is new and
beautiful is among the collec-
tion. This sale will last until
Saturday night. Cast your eyes
on our great show window and
see they are not only pleasing
to the eye but to the purse at
the extremely low price of
-Cents 95 Cents—
H. SUMMERFIELD
<& CO,
924, 926, 928, 930 MARKET STREET
Advertisers of Facts, Sot Fakes, i
— _ __
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist. (
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CIIROXIC
diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart sionvl
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorder!
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of the 'glands!
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either nun
or women, emissions; sleeplessness, mental worry
bashfulness. falling memory and ail the distress'
ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an i permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet struc-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease Svdq
ilia, thoroughly and forever cured. ' Jtu *
WRITE your troubles if living away from tha
city and advice will be given you free of charge.
Address F. L. SWKAMY, M.D.,
- 737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Oflice),
•■■•'■' . San Francisco, CaL
'" ' ""7 — "
gSSSSS! >s^ Quickly, Thoroughly,
A* gg® forever Cured.
m -*if^»"N. Foar oat of Aye who
ff 'w\nl t \ nervousness,
if 0 «M A jl mental worry, attacks
» »6^Sfcm if of "the blues," are bus
V/M'^ jl3s*^S a P ll^ ll * tho penalty of
>T* 1V ~^~"'*'^~sf early excesses. Vie-
tims, reclaim your
"^ manhood, regain your
vigor. Don't despair. Send for bock with
explanation and proofs. Mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
DR. PIERCES "^ GALVANIC
CHAIN BELT
Is the Latest Fatent; contains all Improvements
and is sold at one-half tbe price asked for inferior,
but. much-advertised electric belts.
The results accomplished by Dr. Pierces belts
are simply wonderful, thousands of cures having
been made where physicians and medicines had
failed to give relief. ■ ■
The strongest possiDle evidence will be given to
Inquirers as to the efficacy and superiority of Or.
Pierces belts, and a thorough examination and
companaoti of these goods with all others Is re-
spec? fully invited of all intending rurchaaers of an
Electric Belt. ITS" Call or write for free Pamph-
let -No. 2." Address r
UKS. FIERCE & SON,
704 Sacramento street
2d, 3rd and 4th floors. San Francisco, CaU
ry_y g^p IRON BEDS,
P*""~- "^ BRASS BEDS,
'' * \i--- * FOLDING BEDS,'
Wire and Hair Mat-
r -^^^ - *.v~ tresses. Reclininj
iT'Tt * •- Chairs,- Wheel hairs,
II jHi WWlrf Commodss, Back Rests
, ieS 1 jjlmjl W. A, SCHROCK,
:\g *** 1 iJ • New Montgomery
Z.';7*Zy?,, St., under Ursna
1 Hotel, S. F.THE COUNCIL IN
SECRET SESSION
Rules Governing Their
Meetings Formally
Discussed.
LAWYERS NOT ALLOWED
Dr. Brown Charged by Young
Mason With Intimidating a
Weil-Known Lady.
MRS. COOPER IS CONFIDENT.
Miss Overman Says That When Her
Story Is Told Dr. Brown Will Be
Fully Vindicated.
*
The ecclesiastical council called to pass
on the merits of the charges made by
Mrs. Cooper, Mrs. Davidson and Mrs.
Stockton, alleging certain immoral acts on
the part of their pastor, Rev. Dr. C. O.
Brown, will convene to-day at 2 o'clock in
the lecture-room of the First Congrega
tional Church. '
As a matter of fact the council began its
existence yesterday by holding an in
formal meeting in the office of Deacon
Barnard. Representatives of the press
were expelled from the meeting, Dr. Mc-
Lean saying, in explanation, that the
gathering was simply to discuss in a gen
eral way rules governing the deliberations i
of the council. Just before the meeting j
adjourned a resolution was passed not to j
give to the public any of the matters dis- |
cussed.
The entire council, except the delegates
from San Jose, was present when Dr. Mc-
Lean, as chairman rapped for order.
Deacons Barnard, Dexter, Vasconcellos.
Dewing and Attorney M. S. Woodhams
also participated in the three hours' in
formal discussion. Attorney Woodhams
Outlined the case a- he understood it, tell
ing of the numerous letters he had re
ceived, in which the writers made certain
grievous charges against Dr. Brown. He
wanted to know what he should do with
such communications. The council
agreed that the evidence introduced must
be either in the form of sworn statements.
properly attested, or from the lips of the
parti* - directly making the charges. Gen
eral insinuations would not be considered
at all.
It was also determined to deny the prin
cipals in the scandal legal representatives.
Tarties having charges to prefer against
Dr. Brown will be permitted to do so with
out prejudice. The pastor will then be
called on to rebut such accusations, singly
< r collectively, according to the wisdom
of the council. Dr. Brown will be allowed
to introduce witnesses in his behalf on
properly attested affidavits, should the
occasion demand it.
Just before the meeting: adjourned an
effort was ma by several of the most
prominent members of the council to pass
a resolution excluding members of the
press from the church during the delibera
tions of that body, ln fact, the resolution
was passed by a slight majority, but one
of the deacons moved to reconsider, and,
after a lengthy argument, succeeded in
defeating the measure.
"The meeting of the council, be it ever
so informal, is an entirely uncongrega
tional proceeding," said a member of the
First Church last night. "It has no more
right to meet before the time called than
a jury selected to try a man for mur
der. If Dr. Brown felt so inclined, and I
Know that he does not, he could refuse to
appear before this tribunal, and, further,
demand that a new council be called. The
rules of our church are very plain on this
point. The only time a council can legally
meet in secret is defined in 'Dexter's
Manual of Congregationalism' (rule 7,
section 10). It reads as follows:
A council always, after having heard all
which it deems expedient to hear in the way
of testimony and argument, decides in private
consultation as to the nature of the advice
which it shall give. The course usually taken
after the secret session is to call the roll and
request each member briefly to indicate the
nature of that advice which' thinks under
\)>.t- circumstances ought to be given. Com
monly then a committee is appointed to frame
a written result which shall substantially em
body the main conclusion reached. Their re
port is discussed and, perhaps, amended, until
It takes such shape that, if possible, by unani
mous vote it can be adopted.
"The pastor has a right to be at every
meeting, and it is clearly not right for a
body selected to decjare his guilt or inno
cence of most serious charges to go into
secret session at any time. Dr. Brown is
anxious, however, to get at the bottom of
the whole affair, and consequently will
throw no obstacles in the way of an imme
diate and complete investigation."
Dr. Brown was much suprised last night
•when informed of the secret session, but
said he was confident the council had
taken no action that would in anyway
affect the evidence he had to introduce to
clear his name from the foul charges made
by irresponsible parties.
Concerning the statement made in an
afternoon paper, in which Dr. Brown is
credited with having threatened a young
lady with exposure for certain alleged im
moral acts if she did not cease opposing
him, Mrs. Brown said last night:
Dr. Brown has never threatened to blacken
the name of any young lady, as was affirmed
in last evening's Bulletin, in fact, for more
than a year he has carefully protected that
young lady's name in a matter which, while
be himself has not allowed himself to think
evil, would be very harshly judged by a criti
cal world.
That young lady had recently allowed herself
to join those who are bitterly opposing my hus
band, and he simply said to her, in my pres
ence, that one wno had. been so charitably
treated and who was fully aware of her obliga
tion, should not herself be so uncharitable,
lie has DO thought of publishing her name.
On the contrary, he would do all in. his power
to protect her as in the past, unless her foolish
friends mate it impossible.
It is the purpose of the young lady's
friends to present this matter to the coun
cil, provided a way can. be devised to keep
her name from the public. James Mason,
who it seems is a friend of the young lady,
said last night that this threat of Dr.
Brown's against an innocent and defense
less young woman was not the least of his
tins. Mr. Mason proposes to take an ac
tive part in the prosecution of Dr. Brown.
"As an evidence of the manner in which
I have been handled by the press since
this scandal came up," said Dr. Brown last
night, "here is a statement from the Sac
ramento correspondent of one of our morn
ing dailies. The gentleman took dinner
at my bouse Saturday and voluntarily
offered the following:
San Francisco, Feb. 15, 1896.
In an interview which Correspondent
Brown, resident correspondent in Sacramento
for the San Francisco' Chronicle, sought and
insisted upon getting, and which he promised
would De put upon the telegraph, wires ver
batim as I had written it, I said, in substance,
that I became acquainted with Dr. Brown
about five years ago, when I was a staff re
porter on tne laeoma News, and used to re
port his sermons, delivered at the First Con
gregational Church in that city. Also, that at
about the same lime I met Miss Mattie Over
man and her sister, ffho then attended Ep
worth Methodist Episcopal Church, and who
weie respected by ail woo knew them. I fur
ther said that I. believed the case one of black
mail, pure and simple.
The interview was never published, presum
ably because it was not the kind of an inter
view the paper sought, or because it contained
no news.
The time of which I speak was near the Ist
of January. 1896— December 30, 1 believe, is
. the exact date. • CHARLES E. Arnold.
''The carbon copies of the Blanchard
j affidavit," continued the pastor, "had not
; been corrected, as already explained, by
: me, but that this was no fault of mine the
: following signed statement- from Mr.
Benchley will show: ,/•".-..". o. v
j San Francisco, Feb. 17, 1896.
It is due Dr. Brown to say that, through an j
! inadvertence of the copyist, the carbon copies
i of Mrs. Blanchard's deposition were not cor- |
rected. The original deposition went to the i
Examiner and that paper was correct.
W. B. Benchley, Notary Public.
There were many applications yesterday
for tickets to the council meetings. Many
were turned away because they were either
not in good standing or under the age of
: IS years. W. F. Cook, a regular attendant j
j at "the First Church, though not a worker, J
j applied for a ticket, but was promptly re
j fused. Captain Cook will attend the coun
• cil, however, for he has charges to present
: against Dr. Brown.
Ii was practically determined at the in- >
, formal session of the council yesterday .
! that Dr. McLean would be made mod
erator and Rev. George B. Hatch of Berke
ley scribe. Dr. Holbrook will formally j
open the meeting to-day.
: When a reporter visited the home of Dr. ;
Brown last night he found the pastor, his j
wife and Miss Overman in apparently a
very happy frame of mind. Miss Over- !
man was asKed if she felt at all nervous I
over appearing before the council.
"Not in the least/ she answered, with a I
smile. "I am not nervous, neither am I j
fearful of the outcome. I agree with Mrs.
Cooper that there can be but one ending, j
and that is truth will triumph. No one )
knows better what that will be than my- '•
self— a full and complete vindication for j
j Dr. Brown."
MONEY IN SAN JOAQUIN
Banker George W. Faneher on
the Improved Conditions
There.
The Californians Are. Expensive, He
Says, and Do Not Live Within
Their Incomes.
, George W. Faneher, for many, years
president and manger of the Bank of
Merced, is in the City. Mr. Faneher says
the indications are that there will be a
good yield of all kinds of products in that
part of the San Joaquin Valley this year.
He thinks the hard times are over and
that we are on the up grade. However, he
says the people generally are spending too
much money. They have got into expen
sive ways and find it difficult to shake off
the habits contracted in flush times.
Mr. Faneher has not been in very good
health for some time. He is therefore
j George W. I'ancher, the Hanker of Merced, Who Says We Are Expensive People.
[Sketched from life by a "Call' artist.]
rilT —ll|i|ll ll lllHli I Ml lilt J
avoiding heavy work. As for the railroad
to Yosemite from Merced, which has been
proposed for some time, he thinks it will
be built, but also believes that it would be ;
more profitable for the Southern Pacific to
do it than for individuals. It could build
a great hotel, the same as at Del Monte
and other places, and one way and another
make a good deal of money. Said the !
financier:
I have no doubt that we shall see much bet- I
ter times in California and all over the coun
try from this on. Along toward 1000 we ought ,
to have a great deal oi prosperity. ' I
The fact is we are. an expensive people, and :
have been for many years spending more than
we could afford. We have not kept within our
incomes, bat have gone and got credit wher
ever we could, and paid nothing till we had to.
It was this kind of a course that put most
people in such bad shape when the paniccame
on. They owed too much to be able to pay it, j
and they went to the wall. Men who had $1000
or $1500 had gone into business. They had 1
$5000 or $0000 worth of goods, and had to
have extra help and pay salaries and other ex
penses, and yet expected to get out all right.
This is about the basis people worked on. No
wonder they got caught. What we want is
more safety and conservatism in business.
The outlook forthe San Joaquin Valley is
certainly good. We will need a little more rain,
but thus far we are in excellent shape.
Mr. Faneher will be here for some time.
Tennyson's Reply to Mr. Austin.
Somebody I see has unearthed the silly
attack upon Tennyson which Mr. Austin j
made a considerable number of years ago; !
but nobody has quoted, the vigorous ''
couplet in which Tennvsoh— who by no I
means liked to be attacked, even by the '
most insignificant of persons— repaid his
assailant. Here it is:
Tennyson Is no giant: all men know it;
For so says Alfred Austin, dwarf and poet,
. — London Speaker.
— • • •— ■ ... •
The French Minister of Agriculture gives
the number of wolves destroyed in France
in 1894, or rather of those for the dstruc- j
tion of which a premium was asked, as '
being 245, as against 261 in 1883, and it has I
to be noted that the total has been decreas
ing since 1883. when the Government in
creased the premium.
— ; — "*''»• ',
John Norton of Frankfort. Me., is fond
of telling the story about the frogs be cap- !
tured a number of years; ago. They were i
two bullfrogs, which he caught in a pond, j
and when weighed tipped the scales at 14% J
pounds. P. T. Barnum heard of the cap- I
ture and he bought them for $200.- '- - '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1896.
CORPORATION "ECONOMY"
A Vigorous Protest From Market
Men Against the Gas Com
pany. •
! DARK STREETS BEFORE DAWN.
The Contract With the City Openly
Violated to the Discomfort of
the Taxpayers.
A loud roar and a vigorous kick would
be a mild way of putting the complaints
of the early-rising market men against the
San Francisco Gaslight Company for what
they term a breach of contract in extin
guishing the street lamps in the early
hours of the morning.
This wail of woe in the shape of a com
plaint comes principally from the commis
sion men engaged in the fruit and poultry
line, whose business takes them out in the
early hours of the morning. These men
open their stores as early as 4 o'clock in the
morning. These, with butchers, drivers
of bakery and milk wagons have tbe op
portunity of noticing the peculiar streaks
of economy indulged in by the gas com
pany's lamplighters in putting out the
street lamps long before the hour stipu
lated in the contract with the Supervisors
for the lighting of the public streets.
The following section has been accepted
by the gas company in its contract with
the City as that which should bind it in
good faith to keep the street lamps lighted :
The last lamp upon each lamplighter's beat
to be lighted one-half hour alter sunset and
flo be extinguished one hour before sunrise;
provided that during the months of November
to February, inclusive, in each year no lamp
shall be lighted during the night of full moon
aud the" night preceding and the night follow
ing; also that during the months of March to
October, inclusive, In each year no lamps shall
be lighted during the night of full moon two
nights preceding and the night following.
How faithfully this section of the con
tract is being carried out by the party of
the second part is ascertained by the re
marks of a few of the early rising fruit
commission merchants.
"It has been my custom for the past ten
years to rise every morning in the winter
season at 4 o'clock," said Fred W. Butler
of 504 Sansome street, "and I generally
get out in about lilteen minutes so I
may get down to my place of business as
near to 5 o'clock as lean. Heretofore I
had a horse and wagon, but since the
'wheel' came into vogue I use it, thus
saving the expense of keeping the horse;
and very seldom, if ever, have I seen a
street lamp lighted on my way down.
"I live on Broderick street, between Mc-
Allister and Fulton, and ride down Golden
Gate avenue to Sansome street, and all
aiong that line I find no street lamps
lighted. '
"When they are extinguished I do not
know, as it is dark and dismal, and it is
with the greatest caution that I am en
abled to steer my way along the streets.
Of course, you cannot tell what obstruc
tions may have been placed on the streets
over night. A sewer may have caved in, or
something may have been dropped from
passing wagons during the night that can
not be seen by a .person riding a wheel
until it is too late to avoid it. This fear of
being thrown down is very trying on the
nervous system, even supposing there
should be no obstacle in the way. If the
street lamps were left lighted it would
save all this trouble, and perhaps save
some man's life."
. 'The grievance set forth by Mr. Butler
was corroborated by almost every com
mis-ion merchant in a similar line of busi
ness. ||IV illHimilillllP^jj
J. P. Corriea, whose residence is at 607
Stockton street, and whose place of busi
ness la at the same place as Mr. 'Butler's,
said: yy y
"I generally leave mv bouse at 4 o'clock
in the morning, and I find the street
lamps all out. But I have become so ac
customed to come, down the California
street hill that I can manage it in the dark.
Yet that is no excuse for the gas company
in putting out the lamps."
William Dale of 502 Sansome street was
less pronounced than was his neighbors,
as the lamps about his residence at North
Beach were left lighted in the morning,
but Sansome' and Battery streets were
da rk. .
P. B. Lorigan of 513 Sansome street,
who lives at 843 Castro street, had a sim
ilar grievance as had Mr. Butler.
H. E. Chick, who lives at 222 Diamond
street; and whose place of business is at
320 Washington street, had failed to see
any street lamps lighted on Sansome, Bat
tery or the cross streets at 5 o'clock in the
morning. v , '
P. Spavier, who resides at 1007 McAllis
ter street, his place of business being at
317 Washington stieet, failed to see any
street lamps lighted at 5 o'clock in the
morning, and as a' precaution against
abrased shins from dry-goods boxes and
empty barrels he takes the center of Bat
tery street, giving the sidewalks a wide
berth.-
K. K. Malcolm of 816 Filbert street has
only half a 'complaint. The' lights are
burning at his residence section, but are
extinguished down on the City front.
Charley Nauman of 508 Sansome street,
who resides at 662 Shot well, joins in the
roar, although he is provided with a horse
and wagon, and as a consequence is belter
protected against street obstructions; yet
if the lights were burning be would be
better satisfied, as he could see the ap
proach of highwaymen or dangerous
A continuation of names could be had
sufficient to fill a whole column of The
Call if necessary to show that the gas
company is using strict economy on its
end of the contract, and that the lights
are. sometimes extinguished at least two
hours before sunrise, which is at 5:34
o'clock to-day.
The present contract between the City
and San Francisco Gaslight Company
went into effect on the Ist of August, 1894,
for the term of two years, at the compensa
tion of 12 cents per lamp per night.
EXPERT PIGEON SHOOTERS
.Gentlemen Sportsmen Who
Compete for Cash
Prizes.
Rules That Do Not Make a Distinction
Between the Amateur and
Professional.
Now that so much has been said and
written concerning athletes and wheel
men who have been charged with pro
fessionalism some of the New York papers
have taken up the cudgel against amateur
sportsmen who make a practice of shoot
ing pigeons from traps for cash prizes.
The New York Spirit of the Times, com
mencing upon a pigeon shoot which took !
place recently, said that the first money '
was divided between two men, each re
ceiving $475; the second received $210, and
the third took $70 as his share of the prize.
The article goes on to state that if these
same gentleman who had won cash prises
at trap .shooting had run, or jumped, or
rowed, or wrestltd for the same prizes,
they would be immediately classed as pro
fessionals, but as they are only pigeon
shots they are still "gentlemen ama
teurs," and that many intelligent people
are not sufficiently acute to understand
such anomalies.
The laws which were made purposely to
keep the gentleman athlete and wheelman
from associating with the professional by
meeting the last named in open competi
tion would materially alter the present
conditions governing trap-shooting tour
naments and matches if the trap-shoot
ing clubs. and associations were in any
way connected with the Amateur Athletic
Union of the United States, the laws of
which are very strict as regards the giving
of cash prizes for contests of any kind.
Of recent years a number of men who i
had gained fame because of their ability
to kill pigeons, both of the live and arti- j
ficial kinds, received lucrative positions
from large gun and ammunition establish
ments. Those expert pigeon-grassers
are dispatched through the country
to advertise certain makes of powder.
They generally manage to arrive at some
town or city when a big tournament is in
progress, and as there are always "open"
contests and pool-shoots ad libitum the j
professional never fails to rake in a good
sized pot, together with scoring a good bit !
of free advertising for whatever implement I
of bird torture he may be canvassing. Lo
cal trap-shooters have buta meager chance
of winning a good purse from any of the
many famous trap-shooters who are now,
traveling in the interest of powder and
gun firms. If the trap-shooting associa
tions were connected with the Amateur
Athletic Union there would be very poor
gold-dust picking for the many profession!
trap-shooters who are now traveling
through the country, and, besides, the
sport, which is becoming very popular,
would remain free from tarnish*.
This is how the Sporting Life of New
York sums up the situation:
We consider a pigeon shooter a professional
when he makes a living or part of his living
from the money he wins by shooting individ
ual matches or who follows a tournament for
the sole purpose of adding to his bank ac
count. The definition of a professional Is "be
longing to one's profession" ; profession means
vocation, vocation a trade, calling or occupa
tion. Therefore a professional shot is one
whose vocation or trade is shooting. Such
men as Helkes, Elliott, Brewer, Carver, Van
Dyke and a lew others are professional shots in
a strict sense of the word, but men who shoot
against them in open matches are not made
professionals by so doing, but if an amateur
wheelman raced against a professional he
would be barred from future contests in the
amateur class, but not so with the pigeon
shooter. li every shooter who has contested
in the same events in which a professional was
entered were thus made professionals there
would hardly be an amateur shooter in the
country.
In that case a man who never fired a gun in
his life could enter a match in which a profes
sional was shooting and even if he never killed
a bird he would at once become a professional
marksman, and be ready to attend shoots and
lose a few thousand dollars before he would
awake to the fact that it did not pay. There
are many expert marksmen who attend nearly
all the big tournaments who are purely
amateurs. They have "money to burn" in
powder and enjoy the sport and associations to
that extent that they will stand a loss as cheer
fully as a profit. These men pay for their sport
and are. under no obligations to any gun
manufacturers, powder or shell companies,
and always pay their expenses from their own
pockets, and try to win enough by their skill to
repay them in a measure for the outlay in en
joying this fascinating but somewhat expen
sive recreation. Such men are amateur shoot
ers, and cannot be classed as professionals
until they receive pay from some firm or in
dividual for their services as a marksman.
CANARIES FOR EXPORT?.
Six Hundred .Feathered Songsters in
Michigan's Principal Prison.
Convicts in the Michigan State Prison
have many more favors than those of al
most any other penitentiary in the United
States, and it is the belief of the manage
ment of the institution that for this rea
son there are fewer outbreaks or lawless
ness than are found elsewhere. Among
the favors granted to them here is that of
keeping and caring for birds. There are
fully 600 feathered songsters in Michigan's
principal penal institution, all owned and
cared for by the convicts, and as soon as
daylight approaches on bright mornings
their sweet notes are beard In striking con
trast to the natural feelings of their own
ers.
Many of the most hardened criminals,
from their general appearance and his
tory, would not be expected to care for
anything of a refined nature, yet they ten
derly care for and caress their little pets
More than three-quarters of the cells in
the prison contain one or more canaries
and they are also found in various shops
throughout the institution. During the
day the cages are hung outside the cells to
give the birds light and air, but as soon as
the convict returns from work at night the
cage is taken inside.:
The practice has been carried on in the
prison for years, and the officials say that
instead of any detrimental effect being no
ticeable the little songsters have proved a
benefit, as they, not only give the cells
a more homelike appearance, but they also
wield a decided influence in the way of
humanizing the most reckless and hard
ened criminal, y " ■:. y r y-
Besides being permitted to keep the
birds, for the sake of their company and
influence v tlje convicts are also allowed to
raise them to sell, and many a dollar is
credited to the accounts of the prisoners
from this source. Of course the convict
handles none of the money realized from
the sale of the birds until he is discharged,
but it is placed to his credit in the prison
bank. Chicago News." y y
Mr. Benton of Sprague, Mo., is expected
to die from a wound in his throat cut by
barbed wire. .He : . was thrown . out of ! a
wagon by a runaway team, and' had bled
almost to death when found. •
THE BRITISHER IN FRONT
Cleverly -Ridden by Willie Mar
tin, Imp. Star Ruby Took
. the Handicap.
FOUR FAVORITES IN FRONT.
Wheel of Fortune Was No Match for
Speedy Yankee Doodle, Who
Won Easily.
The "Statuesque Englishman," Star
Ruby, is developing into a groat horse
over distance of ground. He picked up
114 pounds in the mile and a sixteenth
handicap at Ingleside yesterday and, ad
mirably ridden by Willie Martin, won
very cleverly in the fast time for the track
of 1:48. The handsome bay opened an 8
to 5 favorite in the betting, but there was
such a stiff play on Cabrillo, who was
backed from 3 to 2%, that 2 to 1 was laid
against him going to the post. Iron Lo
gan was in considerable demand at 14 to 5.
Martin, on the favorite, contented himself
with letting Cabrillo cut out the pace to
the stretch, when he gave the Englishman
his head and, assuming the leaa, won
cleverly by a neck. Logan, who is evi
dently in need of a rest, was a poor third.
The sport throughout was excellent and
the big crowd indulged in some brisk spec
ulating. The Australian starting machine
was used to dispatch three of the fields
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Corty-sixth Day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track Fast. Ingle
-1 side Track, San Francisco , flonday. February 17, i 896.
704 FIBST RACK— Seven furlongs; selling;
pursos4oo.
663 I Minnie Ccc, a 99 2
(69 J) Hazard, ft 102, ]
694 ' Governor Budd, 3. 91 ; 4
647 Comrade, 6 104 6
657 Belle of !-.tonewl,4 103: 7
663 Sleeping Child, 4. 98 5
OKH San Luis Rev, 5..101 3
678 idaSauer, 4 99 8
663 The Judge, 5 106 9'
Horse, age, weight.
2 3
1 1
5V S
6 2
8 4
3 h
7V2
V*
Vz ! 3 A j Sstr. j Fin. ! Jockeys.
13 14 13 13 Garner
2h 2 2 2 2 2 6 jMacklin
414 3i/ 2 33 32 lE. Jones
3 l/ 3 4 1 5 4 4 1 11. Martin......
8 6 5 3 41) 610 Ber.en
6 2 73 6 1/2 '6 y 2 McClain
71 84 86 74 Mclntyre
9 9 9 8h Tr^tulett
5h ! 62 7 3 9 J. Chora
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
1 11-10
2 9 2
6 15
15 75
8 12
12 10
20 3 0
100 500
3 9-2
Had start. Won handily. Winner, 1). A. Honlg's eh. m., by l'lenipo-Jaconat. Starting-gate used.
Time, 1:31.
7AF; SECOND RACK— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward:
IVD. purse $400.
li uric, age, weight.
Betting.
Op. CL
675 Gold Rug, a 108; 9
646 Veragua, 3 94 \
70'J iMoilie H. 4 100 6 :
681 lirumeita, 3 89 3
682 illuntsman. 6 105 2
659 Repeater, 4 102! 7 I
628 iVernon, 4 102 5
647 I Raphael, 6... 105 8
634 Crawford, a 105 1
647 lainger, ft 103 10
489 limp. Amarino, a..108 11
682 (Fleet, 5 109 12
i
I
7 1
4 1
63
i 1 h
i 2 a
51
81
9 2
! 3 i/ 2
: li 1
10 1
i 12
64 2 2
3h 4
51 6
22 3 2
1 y 2 i 2
4V2 j 6
8 1/2 I 7
9 3 8
7 h 9
11 2 !10
12 12
10 1' ; 11
I 12 J. Chorn
j 2h jMcClaln
j 3 \'<x Prawley
4 1 Garner
64 ! I»isßOtt :....
6 1 jMcHugb
! 7 3 Coady
84 |Fell
1 910 HI. Martin
! 10 3 Reidy :
\ 11 10 Bergen
l'J ICastro
4
3
3
3
4
10
15
50
8
30
10
|15
7-2
9
6
2
5
15
75
40
12
100
25
60
!
i
Good start. Won handily. Winner, J. Hunter's eh. g., by Young Piilsbury-Mollie S. Starting gate
used, 'lime, 1:17.
'TfUi THIRD RACK-One and
; purse .f5OO.
Index. I Horse, age, weight. St. j Std. Vz Z A Str.
(696) Imp. Star Ruby,4.114 5 5 i/3 |5 2 '2h 2 2 2 3
673 Cabrillo, 4 101 2'lJ 2 , 1 3 13 il 1V 2 12
6h9 l,ot'an, a 119 3 42 4h 52 32 32
6K9 liellNorte.fi 102 4 (j 6 6 44 43
696 1m Fulertn I-ass.s 87 1 3 i/fe 3 1 4 1 6 5
680 K. H. Sharlev, 6.. 93 6 2> 2 2'j 3h 5 3 6
Str.
. 1 Fin. I Jockeys. ! Q £ eul
I , op>
In W.Martin | 3-2
2 6 T.Sloan 3
3 4 J. Chorn 5-2
4 3 Piggott 8
520 Beldy 30
6 Garner 15
Bettln?.
Op. Cl.
In?.
Cl.
8 5
B-2
9
50
20
Good start. Won handily. Winner, (.. J'.. Morris Co. "a iiui>. b. c, Di r
Time, 1 :48.
f\i7 FOURTH RA
1; purse .$4OO.
679 Three Forks, 5. .150 2
884 ! Anindel, 6 139 5
879 t'icero, a 140 4
679 Silverado, a 135 7
(684) Arctic, S 140 1
6H4 Argeutn, a 140 B
688 Artst, 5 1,«6 3
693 MrGovern, 4 130 8
Horse, age, weight.
1 4
B 8
7 4
tj b
•j 1
8 1
42
8
Vz 3 A Str. I Kin. ; Jockeys.
1* 14 j 13 13 I Cairns i
22 210 26 2 20 Cuddy I
620 | 620 1 4 i, 2 8 1 IJ. Owens ....
5h 6 h I 5 4Vz! Rudolph
3V 3 4 Vis « 5 4 Madden
4 3 3 4 3 3 6 50 G. Cochran
7 4 7 4 7 7 1 LMcCulloiigh....
X 8 8 8 ,T. Murphy
I Betting.
Op. cl.
\~^s 2
6-5 2
i 6 5
6 5
V' 4- ','4
3 5
10 20
6 10
100 200
tio ><1 start. Won easily. Winner, Pacific stable's b. g., by Spokane-Trifle. Time, 1:571,4.
i\O FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs;
; allowances; purse $400.
Horn*, nge, weight.
V 2
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
(6H9) Yankee Doolie. 3. .96' 4 4 3
l6«7) Whl Fortune, 4. ..103 2 5
(697) Gratify, 3 9» 1 2y a
74 Agitato, 5 99 3 11
5K3 Road Runner. 5.. 102.' 6 I 3V 3
4 J/ 2 3Vk i 2 2
5 41 : 43
2 h 2 1 1/2 11
12 l li 3 v 2
3 i/ 2 6 5 '
1 1 jGarner
2 ns iJ. Thorn
315 Reirlv
4 1 |T. Sloan '
6 iFrawley
1
8-5
3
1 8
60
4-5
11-5
7-2
100
300
Good start. Won handily. Winner, Cambridge stable's b. c, by Prince Royal-Manzanita
Time, 1 :29.
70Q SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
; purse $ 400.
Index.
Horse, age, weight, i St.
V 2
• %
Betting.
Op. Cl
675 Tm Murphy, a... 10ft'
657 'Boreas, 4 106,
694 Walter J. 3 95 1
408 Candor, 4 100|
691 Felix Carr. 3 100 ;
660 Model, 4 103,
694 Princess Hose 11.3.8S
454 'Royal Flush, a... .108;
591 Japan, 3 90
' 3
, 1
5
; 4
! 6
i - a
> 8
11%
9 i/a
3 V 2
61
8 i/ 2
4 1/2
5 2
73
9
1 2
8 1
2 1
6 a
7 h
5 3
4 h
83
9
1 3
2 2
3 1
6
7
' 4
6 .
3
9
IP*
2h'
33
43
5h
6 6
7 3 ,
83
9
K. Jones
J. Chorn
McClain I
H. Martin
Slaughter
Coady
Garner
T. Sloan
! Reidy |
10 12
7-5 7-5
15 20
20 15
7 6
6 X
6 5
9-2 5
100 100
...... ..
..... ..
. .%
Good start. Starting
ty-MMCgie R. Time, 1:'
te used. Won handily. Winner, White <fe Clark's m. g., by Imp. Kyrle
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Ingleside Track.
In rsres where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
dlßtnr.ce are given.
Abbreviations— F.. fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
FIRST RACE— HaIf a mile; two-year-olds.
Best I
Index. Name. Lbs record. !
i Cyrus X itip 101 'no rec.
I Fanny S 98 no rec.
687 ii^ord Chester/Id 101 no rec.
Uirevhurst 100 no rec.
698 i Lindendale \ 08 no roc.
687 jßed Panther....; 98 no reel
Ist. Dunsten :101 no rec.
(687) ! Ingleside 1 10&! :52
I). .1. Tobiu |101lno rec.
641 Quen Flambeau 1 98 no rec.
Mis-i! iekwck ct 101 no rec.i
Name.
Best
Lbs record.
•••••• v.
:
!
Dist.
107 if.'.
|Tk.
J- Ezell Ivanquish-May D
T. K. Sullivan Tyrant-Graciosa
I'.uriis.tWaterhouse Imp. Chesterneld-Talluda
El Primero stable. . im. Martlnhurst-H. Scratch
J. Kobbins ! Lepanto-Queen- I.yon
Odell stiible Three Cheers-Etta W
W.OB. Mcdonough St. Carlo- Marilee
B. Bchretber Hishop-Amerique
D. J. Tobin Imp. Cyrus-imp. Getaway
C. J.Quinn Flambeau-imp. Queen Bess
Lone stunle .. Three Checrs-MlssPickwick
Owner.
i
!
i^"m"
I
i
BKCOS1) RACK— Six furlongs: selling.
Best
record .
Dist.
Name.
Pedigree.
(650) !
699 :
693 I
699
(678)
691
646
683
683 '
(645)
'Clara Wilson.... 105 1:10 6y 2 f 99 Fa. Wilson & fiillis Imp. SirModred-Bedotte '
Sam Leake 112 1:18 6f 110 II.': Burns & Waterhuse Imp. Darebin-C'arrie C
Little Jimmie..!lo7 no rec E. Corrlgan Longtellow-Rena X
Don Plo Pico.... 1:021/4 5f 1015 P.. ! J. Bobbins.. Joe Hooker-Countess Zeika
Sir Vassar 118 1:29y 2 7f 98 F.. H.T. Griffin 'Sir Di.xon-Vn "sar
Lizzie H... 105 1:17% ; 6f 99 11.. D.A.Honig : John lienrv-Mtnnie Payne
Pearson.... 110 1:19% bf 112 11.. jB. Schreiber Imp. Great Tom-Drift
Pique ........... 105 1 : 1 2 1 a s»^f 101 H. . A. B. Spreckels. ... Klambeau-lmp. Petroleuse
Claude Hill 107 1:021/2, Bf !90F.. J. O. Brown & Co.. l^,p. Deceive?- Useful
Edgemount .... 110 1:11% 5y 2 f 1 102 j Fa. | Lone itnblw. .... I Three Cheers-Etta W
Til
RD KACH— One and an eighth miles; selling.
Name.
Lbs
! Best [
record. I
Lbs
JTk.l
Index.
Pedigree.
703
681
675
691
664
6UO
706
689
696
| Foremost j
Dun gar yen
iJuliuO
] Tenacity I
Collins I
I Orbit :
K. 11. Sherley
Doyle
Ke<l Koot I
; 96 1:491.4 1 1-16 m 92 Fa. \A. B. Spreckels... 'Flood-Imp Queen Bess
'«! V^^!- Wm SS I;-'- Ez l'- • nindoo^Kplu.rni*
94 V.':lb l'/^ni ! 92 11.. 1). A. Honig Outcast-Malva H
inn \:i*i 2 ii U !SZ s*' %' c rrißU " Longfellow-Modesty
100 1:33% 7.1 I 98 11.. Dr. P0we11........ : Inspector B-Piazza
j 101; i'omV ; -•:•■••• w : IJ. Brenock Oneko- Flotilla
j 104 1:321/3 7 f JO4 11.. F. Brown. ..} Bonnie Brown-Dispatch
L^ iVViV/ U kifill»" J?" , reiber Macduft-Miss Lawrence
1 105 1 1:441-2 1 m 105 F... C. Parker. Imp. London-Cameo
KTH K ACE— Six furlongs: selling.
Index.
; Best
Lbs : record.
702 ]
691 !
673
70S
603
(704) !
690 ;
0!»9 i
(694)
692 i
673 !
jltermanita . ...
| New Moon
I Shield Bearer..
Babe Murphy .
Minnie I
'Minnie Ccc
iMalnstay
, Kow»lsk3'
;Miss KO3B
;Bra\v Scott
iGallant
98 1:38
04 1:17V 2
95) 1:0134
98 1:133/4
97 l:02y 8
97 1:33
103 1:13%
87 1:15
82:l:16i/ 3
-99 1:18 '
99 1:32y 2
i 7f
I 6f
! til
! 6f
; & f
i 7 f
6f
! 6f
! <**
I 6f
I 7f
115 H.J.J. o. Follansbee.... Fresno-Sister Jim Douglass
97iH..|H. D. Kandall Hyder Ali-.Naraonia
95 F... F. Phillips '.! Springbok-Astoria
9< F... L. Kr.cil Eliaa Lawrence- Princa Glen
IUOjF... William Singleton.. Kegent by Cariboo
99iF...;D. A. Honix Pleinpo jnconet
112 F... Elkton stable ilrap. Martner-yueon Emma
94 F... K. Corrisan [Isaac Murph v-Merochmpnt
103 F...1W. R. Grimn I r P .Ko,sin« O-.-VirginialTare
10S IL . B. schreiber |Ip.Midlothian-Heln Scratch
99 H. ;A. B. apreeltel3....;Fellovvcharm-Jnnle Blshaw
i; selling.
Index.
Name.
I Best
Lbs record.
I.hs
;Tk.
Pedigree.
686 1 Ed Kearney !
(701) Gea Miller
(70S) Olive
665 Pepper
699 jUnlty
iltodegap
703 jSchnltz
600 Monlta
699 i Ferris Hartman
(699) Wyoming
697 Bey d Band idos.
686 fiueno
106 1:28% 7 f
103 1:128% 7 f -
98 1:38% 7 f
107 1:40 IV-iSm
1:13 i*6f
104 1:16 6f
103 1:22 JBVa f
105 1:41 1 m".
88 1 :t!9% 7 f
j 101 1:2914 7f
101 i:isy 2 6f
103 j 1:28 7*
110F...G.E. Smith |
103 F...W.L. Stan Held
94 '■¥... IK. Corrigan I
109 H..IP. Dunne... :
103 P... |1» EmU i
10] F. . J.Brenock ;
101 F... ! C. F. Zanders i
104 ; F... i M. Schwartz. j
88iF...i8. Scbrelber I
108iF...|J. G. Brown <fc Co.. I
107 F...: Lone stable I
108;F...|El frimero stable..!
jTom Ochiltree-Medusa
Loftin-Kmma
! Ap»ch«-Vir){ie
; Hindoo-Franc?sca
ilmp. Hossington-Unite
11. U'Fallon-Mattie Walker
Panique-lllia
St. Savlour-Mghthauk
jimp. Woodlands- Honora
■ Pardee-Caorice
jimp. True Briton-E. Collier
with the usual pronounced success. The
twelve starters in the second event were
sent away to a perfect alignment in less
than half a minute. -
The favorites met with more than usual
success, four out of six | getting home in
front. Old Tim Murphy surprised the na
tives by making a runaway race of the last
event of the day at odds of 15 to 1, with
Eddie Jones in the saddle.
The even money favorite, Minnie Ccc,
led throughout in the opening seven-fur
long run, winning handily by two lengths
from the second choice, Hazard. :y
--! Twelve started in the next event, a six
furlong selling sprint, with Brametta rul
ing a2to 1 choice. The favorite was never
affected with superfluous speed and failed
to show. Coming strong in the stretch,
the 3% to 1 second choice, Gold Bug, won
driving by a length and a half from
Veragua. John Bobbin's mare, Mollie R,
was third, but a short head farther back.
After opening up an 8 to 5 favorite for
the mile handicap over four hurdles,
Three Forks went back in the betting to
2]/, to 1 from the force of coin that went in
on Cicero, Arundel, Silverado and Arctic.
When the flag fell Cairns on Three Forks
went out in the lead, and. running like a
wild horse, the speedy jumper won in
romping fashion, with Arundel in the
place. Silverado was third in a drive.
Those who expected to see a rattling
contest between Yankee Doodle and Wheel
of Fortune in the sever.-furlong purse race
were disappointed. The plungers all
placed their coin on the Yankee horse's
chances, backing him down from 6 to 5 to
9to 10. The mare was well backed at 11 to
5. Agitator, a rank outsider, set a merry
clip out in front to the far turn, where
Gratify took up the runnine and was first
Into the stretch, followed by Yankee Doodle
and the "Wheel." Straightened for the
wire Yankee Doodle drew away at ease,
winning by a length. In a hard drive the
Wheel nipped the place from Gratify by a
short head..
Boreas was a 7 to 5 chance for the last
race of the day at six furlongs, but Tim
Murphy, with 15 to 1 about him in the
ring, passed the favorite shortly after the
gate sent them away and never headed
won by a length. Walter. J made a fine
run, .being beaten by a scant head for the
place by Boreas. - :
Track and Paddock Items.
To-morrow will be ladies' day at Ingle
side.
Madden was indefinitely suspended by
the judges for his ride on Arctic in the
hurdle race.
Tne great three-cornered contest be
tween Basso, Oakland and Cadmus over
two miles on ladies' day has" aroused
great interest among horsemen. All three
owners feel confident their horse willcarrv
away the $2000 purse, and the affair prom"
ises to be a great betting event.
Riley Grannan still has coin enough to
buy a piece of ginger-bread or a glass of
red circus lemonade. Up to the last race
heJiad backed every winner, and they
were not $2 wagers either. He bet Johnny
Coleman $2000 against $2400 on Yankee
Doodle, and he told him he could keep on
writing tickets at that figure until he grew
tired. Johnny was quickly troubled with
a feeling of ennui, and rubbed to 9 to 10.
The Australian starting machine has
scored such a pronounced hit with the
race-going public that during the two
weeks' meeting to follow the present one.
which closes on Wednesday, the gate will
be used exclusively. The Pacific Coast
i Jockey Club drew up a contract with Mr.
Lopez yesterday which only awaits rati
fication and signature.
Balfe-Moore Concert.
The concert of the Balfe-Moore Club to be
given this evening in Metropolitan Hall,
promises to be a grand success financially as
well as artistically. The fact that it is partly
given for the benefit of a charitable sisterhood
—the Sisters of the Holy Fatally of St. Charles
parish— has assured most encouraging support.
All tho music v.- ill be selections from the
ancient melodies of Ireland and from the
modern Irish composers— Balfe, Wallace and
others.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
" will bring to your cheek the pink of
health, the roses of life. It cleanses the
blood.
iiiitffliiiiiiilTiiii
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
** takes away the surplus bile and leaves
the liver in perfect order. It is a true liver
regulator.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
" acts on the bowels gently. There are
no griping pains, no nauseating feelings.
Women who wish to be regular should use
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It is a bowel
regulator.
riATARRII FOLLOWS IN THE WAKE
of a cold in the head. When you suffer
from Catarrh put your system in good con-
dition, and this you can do with Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
* J9ur^aXrjS9 ajW^gr BR
dttaa\\\\\\\at^Ka^kmaa\\m
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
" can be used by old or young. Take it
moderately. Remember that moderation
in everything tends to longevity.
PAPER
HANGINGS
I AND I
INTERIOR
DECORATING.
WE ARE NOW PREPARED TO
show the largest and most
elegant stock of
WALL PAPER
ever offered in the city, comprising
the " Choice Things" of the leading
manufactories.
With our large force of skilled
workmen we are prepared to execute
any orders for
DECORATI IN N A PER I NO.
In the Latest Style and at the
-LOWEST PRICES
G. W.CLARK & CO.
653 Market Street.
■■" ■ M An ■*■ laxative refreshing fat
I 11 M II X fruit lozenge.
I nyiinDl very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
_ __ __ _ hemorrhoids, bile,
I N II I C II loss of appetite, gastric an*
11111 1 C. In intestinal troubles and
■ , . " "* * *■ ™» headache arising .
from them.
RRII I fl N 33 Rue de « Archive's," Pari*
I falsa II II Sold by aJi Druggist*.
Wriilfs liiio VeptaMe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty yean to cure
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood.
Crossman^s c Mixtore
With this remedy persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
change In application to business. The medicina
contains nothing that . is of the least injury to tha
constitution. Ask your druggist for it. Price ti a,
bottle.
56
fight . dfhll
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
relly and Sunday Cam,, one week, bycarrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday. Call, one year, by ma 11...'. 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mail;. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, three months by mall 1.50
tally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
• Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Fan Francisco, California.
phone Maln-lgßß
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
6:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
cntil 9 o'clock.
2518 ilission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Math street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 32, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
TUESDAY FEBRUARY IS, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Taderewski doesn't call it "playing."
Arizona may proudly boast that she has
the sand to stop a prize-fight.
The funding bill fight has become warm
enough for even so cool a citizen as Hunt
ington to find it sultry.
The only advice to be given to prize
fighters in these dnys is to go East and
grow up with the stage.
Up to date the Cleveland Joans have
taken almost as much gold out of the re
serve as they have put into it.
The Senate may be called slow, but the
people will- take notice that it has served
as a a brake on goldbug legislation.
The extension of Japanese commerce
threatens to overrun Hawaii, and unless
we protect ourselves our turn will come
next.
The Pattison boom is just about as quiet
as any other movement that begins in
Philadelphia and starts toward a grave
yard.
The Senate investigating committee will
find digging into the bond deals virtually
the same as digging tlie grave of Cleve
landism.
Between the harsh measures of General
Weyler and the retaliation of Gomez there
will soon be no non-combatants' in Cuba
except the dead. . .
Quay entered the Presidential race last
week, this week Senator Elkins comes in,
and there are several more weeks' before
the convention meets.
Ii Oakland had carried out her scheme
of getting Ysaye to establish a school of
music within her borders she would now
have a good card to draw Paderewski.
Those German bimetaiiists who wish to
know what Cleveland will do may as well
be assured that be will do bimetallism
whenever he can and in any way he can.
If all the workingmen in the country
cannot stand on the platform adopted by
the labor convention in this City it will not
be for any lack of bigness in the platform.
It is about time to -yd out tally cards of
Republican candidates for the Presidency.
The list is too long for the unaided memory
to keep the record and know how the list
stands.
While such outrages as those of the
Turks in Armenia and those of the Span
iards in Cuba are carried on, it would seem
that civilization is purchasing peace at too
high a price.
Hawaii has had an earthquake addition
to her volcano, arid comes up smilingly
with the assertion that the tourists were
delighted. In these days everything goes
as a novelty.
It is about time for Pattison of Pennsyl
vania to make a speech on the. silver ques
tion, the tariff issue, the -Monrge doctrine,
Clevelandism, the third tern, and several
other things.
It the report is true that the only objec
tion to our having a dispatch-boat at Con
stantinople comes from Russia, it is evident
the bear is hugging our friendship in too
tight a squeeze.
Now that cold mining lis booming and
the output increasing, there is a little
flutter of a movement among the mope;
kings to prepare the way forthe restriction
of gold coinage.
With the retirement of the prize-fighters
the only disturbances in sight are the Sen
atorial contest in Kentucky and the fund
ing bill light in Washington, so the era of
peace is at hand.
Seeing our Venezuelan Commission, the
British Government is talking of appoint
ing one of its own, and if so, Venezuela
should appoint one also and make it a
three-handed game.
The three things that should be empha
sized in the Senate debate on the tariff bill
are that the Government needs a revenue,
industry needs protection and the people
demand a tariff that will supply the needs
of both.
There is a prospect that the carnival to
be given by the Art Institute will achieve
a success brilliant enough to illume the
popular mind with the idea of having one
next year that will take in the whole City
and all the merry people.
The discussion of the reported discovery
of the north pole has had the effect of
raising a dispute over the existence of the
Jeannette current, and, as it always hap
pens in this world, in trying to'settieone
problem we have raised another.
According to a report issued by the Duke
of Westminster, president of the London
committee of the Armenian Relief Associ
ation, $1 suffices to supply, food in that
country for one person for two months,
and from this we can judge of the wretch
edness of the people and understand to
what conditions Turkish rule reduces a
subject province. '< . ;y . .
The French Cabinet has refused to re
sign in conseqrence of a vote of want of
confidence in the Senate because it had a
favorable vote in the Chamber of Deputies,
and now if it can only manage to .reverse
the thing sortie time when the Deputies
are in opposition, it will be able to play
see-saw with every crisis that comes and
hold the middle of the teter board.
THE PLATFORM OP LABOR.
The platform adopted on Sunday by the
convention of labor organizations in this
City is more like a declaration of princi
ples of a new system of social philosophy
than a manifesto of issues to be dealt with
as matters of practical politics in the ap
proaching campaign. It must be consid
ered in that light in order that its full sig
nificance may be understood. The men
who adopted it are too intelligent to in
dulge in the hope that its demands could
be carried out by political parties as now !
organized, and they must have designed it,
therefore, less for present election purposes
than as a body of political doctrine to
which they consecrate themselves; and for
which they propose to enter upon a cam
paign of education.
If it is considered merely as an ordinary
political platform, declaring the demands
of the convention in regard to existing is
sues, it will be found too far reaching to
have any creat practical value. It sweeps
over the whole domain of economic poli
tics. National, State and municipal, and
outlines policies in each which, if they
were to be enforced immediately, would
be radical to the verge of revolution.
Considered on the other hand as a declara
tion of general principles of political phil
osophy rather than of practical politics,
the platform is of more than local or tem
porary importance. It is significant of the
trend of thought among the thinkers of
one of the most powerful classes of the Re
public, and is therefore deserving of study
by all who wish to have a clear compre
hension of the public opinion of our time.
The preamble declares that the competi
tive system, upon which the whole struc
ture of modern industry and nearly the
whole of modern society is based, no longer
subserves the best interests of civilized
man, and that the time has come to sup
plant it by substituting a system of uni
versal co-operation founded upon the so
cialization of the means of production —
lands, tools and capital. The various
planks which follow declare the means by
which it is the intention, or at least hope,
oi the convention to bring about the pro
posed substitution of co-operation for com
petition. They cover a wide variety of de
mands, ranging from governmental own
ership of all railways, canals and tele
graphs to the equalization of women's
wages to those of men where equal service
is performed. It is in short a platform
that makes a near approach to state so
cialism, and is drawn up with a degree of
consistency and harmony between the
various parts that would have done credit
to the learned professors who constitute in
Germany what is called the "Socialism of
the chair."
The platform is the more peculiar be
cause the American people are much more
addicted to practical politics than to ab
stract philosophy. Even in this case, for
example, the average citizen will be more
interested in-guessing what the labor or
ganizations may do in the coming election
than in what they have resolved concern
ing the competitive system. That is a
question, however, which not even the or
ganizations themselves could wholly
answer, for while men may agree on ab- ;
stract propositions there is sure to be \
more or less division among them when j
it comes to matters of detail and the |
election of officers.
It ii sufficient to note at this time that the
workingmen of the City are, on the whole,
favorable to co-operative, work, and that j
they will be inclined to support public im- i
provements and municipal developments
as far as it is practicable to go now. There j
is much of encouragement in that fact. •
We have long needed a more intelligent [
administration of public business, a more !
progressive government, more civic patri
otism in office and better men to manage ;
municipal affairs, and in the platform is- j
sued by the Labor Convention there is to
he found reason for believing that in work- |
ing for the abstract principles enunciated I
therein, the members of the organized ;
unions of the City will, in matters of prac- j
tical politics, combine with tbe party that j
nominates the best men for office and gives j
the most reliable promise of overthrowing j
political bosses and carrying on the muni- j
cipal government strictly in the interests
of the whole people.
A EEIGN OF TEEEOE.
General Weyler, the new Spanish com
mander in Cuba, has not only tried to con
vince the United States that recognition of
Cuban belligerency would assist the cause
of Spain, but has issued a proclamation
requiring all Cubans to take the oath of al
legiance to the Spanish queen. These two
acts are singularly inconsistent. Cuba is
supposed to be already in allegiance to
Spain, and hence the requirement of such
an oath is an acknowledgment that the
allegiance has been severed and that a
recognition of belligerent rights is in
order. But is evident that the requirement
of such an oath is intended as a measure
not only to test the loyalty of all Cubans
i to Spain, but as an excuse to treat as trait
ors all who may decline to be sworn. These
things sometimes have a violent reaction
ary effect. It should be reflected, however,
that a prompt visitation of tbe death pen
alty is the surest of all means for the sup
pression of a rebellion. Napoleon Bona
parte demonstrated this when he crammed
his cannon with canister and opened them
upon the rising populace of Paris.
Queer things are happening both in
Cuba and Spain. The Cuban revolution
has stirred the Republicans of the Iberian
Peninsula to surprising activity and Gen
eral Campos, who pursued a humane pol
icy in Cuba, is now the mainstay of the
throne in Spain. The Spanish Republi
cans are fighting for the principle which
stirred the Cuban revolution, and that in
dicates the possibility of a secret under
standing and assistance that bode nothing
good to the Spanish throne. In Cuba
"Weyler finds the military arrangements
"disorganized." That is an unfortunate
reflection upon the ability of Campos,
who is admittedly one of the ablest gen
erals of his country. The strong men who
served under Campos in Cuba are dropping
out of the General Luque, who is an
able soldier and was in every engagement
against the rebels, who would not stand
and be killed, goes to Spain with a sore
wound in the leg; General Canella goes to
Spain with a wound in the heart, General
Navarro has the fever of the island and
General Cornell has a rebel bullet in his
body.
' Meanwhile the indefatigable Maceo has
not only, broken General Weyier's new
line and invaded the sacred province of
Havana , itself, but cool and daring old
Gomez, the most picturesque figure in the
history of modern wars, takes his seventy
years and his formidable machete butch
ers and squats grinning at . the walls of
Havana. With all his threats of blood
and iron, General Weyler has succeeded
only in eliciting the derision of the rebels
and the sympathy of the outside world for
Cuban independence.
WHERE THE EVIL LIES.
The familiar cry of those who earnestly
desire good government is for stringent
laws to prohibit official rascality. How
ever beneficent such laws.may be— if hon
estly, followed by executive officers and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1896,
enforced by the courts — nothing is more
evident than that laws governing official
conduct are entirely idle in the absence of
honest public officers. -It is impossible to
frame laws which dishonest men charged
with their execution cannot circumvent.
Unhappily there is a wide margin between
the letter of the law and ingenious means
for its subversion without the incurring of
penalties. The whole basis of a republi
can form of government is the honesty
and intelligence of the elective power 'as
represented in the persons and conduct of
those elected. , yyy
No better illustration of the fatuity of
laws in the absence of honest and intelli
gent persons to. administer and enforce
them can be found than in certain prom
inent chapters of California's history, in
the turbulent days of the mining excite
ment, when men, individually controlled
by all manner of diverse honest and dis
honest ideas, were assembled from the
four corners of the earth, and when the
written law as the exposition of any gen
eral principle of right had not come as the
product of organization, there was, never
theless, such a meting out of stern and
righteous justiccas the written law of the
United States, with all the intricate ma
chinery for its exercise, has never been
able to accomplish. The justice enforced
by the unwritten law of the border was of
that kind which sets individual accounta
bility and the universal rights of liberty,
life, rightful possession and honest agency
above any possible concealment behind a
hidden power or any appeal to technicali
ties whose successful use runs counter to
general ideas of right.
It is admitted that the municipal affairs
of San Francisco are grossly mismanaged ;
that burdensome taxes, inevitably work
ing to retard the progress Of the City, are
levied, collected and squandered or stolen.
This would not be possible if men who
were both honest and intelligent controlled
the affairs of the City. That our public
affairs are not so conducted is proof of the
fact that men who are both honest and
intelligent have not been elected to dis
charge tbe duty.
The whole truth is that they are creatures
of unscrupulous political machines. To
crush these machines is the supreme duty
of the hour. Let that first be done, and
then we may talk about improved laws for
the public good. It is the corrupt political
boss whose hand is in our City treasury.
The City Hall is his picklock to every
private purse in town, and he laughs at ail
laws present or prospective. When these
corrupt machines are destroyed there will
be time to think of improved laws for di
recting the actions of honest oflicers.
THE AGGKESSIVE BICYCLE.
An open eye should be kept turned
toward the wheelmen^ Although at their
recently held National meeting they passed
a measure which, because it sharpens the
definition between "professionals" and
amateurs, turned all attention to that reso
lution, nevertheless showed their fan^s
against the Dad roads that everywhere pre
vail. The following principles are in logi
cal order: First, the bicyclists of the
United States are better organized than
the representatives of any other interest;
second, their numerical, financial and com
mercial strength is unmatchable; third,
good roads are necessary to them; fourth,
tbev already have the power, if they exert
it wisely and intelligently— not selfishly,
but for the good of all the people— to com
pel the public construction and mainte
nance of good roads; fifth, such roads, in
reasonable numbers and constructed where
they would advance the prosperity of the
communities which they traverse and of
the people at large, would add greatly to
the welfare of all; sixth, in the absence of
the exercise of such an influence or power
we shall likely remain without roads nec
essary to our prosperity; seventh, as the
expense of constructing and maintaining
public roads must be borne largely by pub
lic funds created by taxation, and as the
machinery for the levying, collection and
disbursement of these funds is elective, it
follows naturally that the wheelmen, in
order to secure good roads, will see that
candidates friendly to their interests are
nominated and elected.
This sequence of ideas and events is fore
shadowed by the San Jose Letter and the
San Jose Neus. Tney give this concrete
statement of the case: The Garden City
Cyclers has 300 active members, each of
whom represents five votes. This makes
a total of 1500 votes in San Jose, and; as a
factor operating outside party lines, that
is sufficient to throw the election to one
party or the other if the choice of the
wheelmen is nominated by either party.
In addition to this organized strength is a
very large unattached cycle vote that would
go to the choice of the organized wheel
men.
The great temptation which will now
assail wheelmen— assuming that they ap
preciate their power and are willing to
exercise it wisely— will be to proceed" in-,
dependency of organized politics, and
thus make a new political party of them
selves. Not only would it be far more ad
vantageous to them to hold the balance of
power and compel one or another political
party, to nominate certain candidates of
their choice, but it is their clear duty to
assist in making the established parties as
efficient as possible in promoting the wel
fare of the people. It is well enough for
them to concentrate their efforts on the!
one proposition that concerns them, but
they will run a serious risk of ruinous an
tagonism if they set about the task of
creating a new political party from their
ranks.
CURRENT HUMOR.
"Hannah," said the mistress to her new girl,
"you can take that brown serge dress of mine
and put it in soatt."
"YeVm," said Hannah; "who's your fav'rite
pawnbroker?"— Detroit Free Press.
A California town has a "female ghost that
wears bloomers." And yet Colonel Ingersoll
would have us believe that there is no punish
ment after death.— Grand Rapids Press.
Jack and Jill went up the hill.
; With merry shout and laughter;
Jack swept down and through the town,
And Jill came "scorching" after.
—Chicago Post.
Cold day when he got left: "I hear Jack For
tescue is ill. What is the trouble?"
"He was frost bitten."
"While he was skating?"
"No; he pro Dosed to a Boston girl."—
Free Press.
"Do yon really think one commits a sin to
ride a bicycle?" ,
"Well, I've seen bicycle-riders who were far
from upright."— Detroit Tribune. ;
Patient— l've a horrid cold, doctor; it seems
to me mostly in my head, however.
Doctor— am afraid you are not careful
enough of yourself. When you are out in the
air these cold days you should keep your mouth
closed and breathe through your nose.
Patient— Keep my mouth closed, doctor?
Then wouldn't I talk through my nose more
than ever?— Boston Transcript. ■""•/.
One view of the case: "Mamma, teacher
whipped a boy to-day for whispering in
school." . ; ..; *v>:
■ "Well, that was right."
"But, mamma, he hollered ten times as loud
as he whispered."— Chicago Record. ..; -
Visitor— Do you think the baby resembles
his pa?
Mother— Oh, yes; he keeps me up late every
night.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Jim Gillis; the miner, of Tuolumne County,
who was the associate oi Mark Twain and Bret
Uarte just after the rush in the early fifties, is
at the Lick. Mr. Gillis' mustache has become
frosted to whiteness in recent years, and his
hair is sprinkled with gray.
He lives on Jackass Hill, near Table Mount
ain. It will be remembered that it was from
Table Mountain that the famous archaeological
relics were obtained which according to the
latter author caused such a sensation in scien
tific circles'.
Mark Twain used to loaf around Table
Mountain a great deal. As he tells in "Rough
ing It," he took a hand in searching for gold
there. Twain did not find much himself, for
he was strongly indisposed to labor.
He did delve a little in quest of gold pockets,
but never prospered to any extent. The rising
James Gillis, the Miner of Jackass 'Hill, the Old Associate of -Mark Twain.
[Sketched by a "Call artist."]. ' '-. . .
author felt more comfortable looking on and
leisurely smoking his pipe. . ..-/-■ o
Mr. Gillis preserves many lively recollections
of Mr. Twain. He is inclined to resent the re
port circulated in different places that he is
a writer. He knows how to mine, he says, but
as lor the pen he will have none of it. . ,y*i/B;
Mr. Gillis is enjoying his regular winter va
cation here. For many years lie has come
down here at least once a year and spent sev
eral weeks here. His present visit will not be
shorter than usual.
The veteran miner is kept pretty busy meet
ing friends, old and new, from different sec
tions of the country. His cabin at -Jackass
Hill has entertained many of them hitherto,
for the latchstring always hangs out there.
J. A. Farwell of Chicago, connected with the
Farwell family of which United States Senator
Farwell is at the head, is at the Palace. •
He has for about two weeks past been visit
ing and examining some placer mines in the
famous Cow Creek Canyon," near <;iendale.
Or., which are managed by Colonel W. 11. Tay
lor, who is here with him. v •■■V
Mr. Farwell is a young business man of the
Windy City, who has, like a great many of the
B. Farwell of Chicago, Who Is Inter
ested in Cow Creek Minos.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.] '
people of the East at present, become interested
in gold. Instead of going to Cripple Creek he
has come to the coast. .....
"i have been looking at the mines," he said
yesterday, "and they appear to be good. They
are in Cow Creek Canyon, only a few miles
from Glendale. I have since my arrival there
.been the guest of Colonel Taylor.
"It is most delightful in the canyon at this
season of the year. I never saw a pleasauter
place. It was quite.unlike what it was in Chi
cago when I left there only a fortnight ago,
and snow lay deep on the ground.','
Mr. Farwell will be here for several days. '
AN ETCHING.
I stood upon a stretch of sandy shore: ■ y ■ ?
Around me hung the shadows of the night,
The rising tide came creeping o'er the beach.
Far out along the mighty ocean fell
The garments of the dusk, fold after fold.
And through the ebon barriers on high
The stars looked down upon a sleeping world;
Fresh from the waves a rich sea incense came,
Salt-sweet and pure, and drifted idly past, ; '
To wander in the midst of distant woods,
Where violets and sweet wood-flowers grew.
Then from the darkling seas the moon rose up,
Dp from the unsounded depths, and lay across
The black expanse of waters like a shield;
And suddenly upon its pallid sheen
A ship. was etched, in clear-cut, stately lines,
And seemed to hang, a picture in the sky,
With sails all spread, with pennant far out
stretcned,- .
Spars, masts and rigging, all in form exact,
Held for a moment in a silver disk
Ktched by the wayward touch of flitting chance.
So for an Instant did I see it thus,
And then it vanished, quickly as a dream, •
Dropped from its shining frame to nothingness, .
From shadows born to shadow! and returned.
So men are etched upon the glass of fate;
So gleams and yanislies the ship of life.
JKknkst McGaffky.
THE SILENT DRUMMER.
The greatest commercial drummer of the
present age is the rightly placed advertise
ment. It never tires," has no hotel expenses,
needs no mileage ticket and finds its ,way
everywhere.. A slight charge pays for its trans
mission frorh ocean to ocean, and ; from the
Canadas to Mexico. It travels to the outposts
of civilization for the merest trifle of cost. It
is a veritable globe-trotter. An | ad. printed in
St. Louis, New York, Chicago or Cincinnati can
be read, thumbed and noted in ■; Cape Town,
Calcutta, Melbourne, Toklo, Hongkong ■ and
everywhere else. ; The ; carrier-pigeon fails to
travel so far, the navigator cannot overtake it,
and even the übiquitous telegraph wire has its
terminal behind the footprints of an aa. Nor
is this a useless race with distance, or a mere
experiment in testing postal/facilities. There
is money in it. It has commercial value. It is
the living seed of the future business crop. -
The most successful business men of to-day
recognize this fact, and Keep the silent drum
mer in perpetual motion. . Those who neglect
this means of soliciting trade are the losers
thereby. Advertising is not a fad, nor can it
be a failure, if due prudence is taken' in put
ting the right thing in the right place.— Age of
Steel. .
CAT LANGUAGE.
Since the domestication of the animal there
has never been a doubt that cats possessed a
language that they sometimes employed with
more liberality than the occasion -seemed to
command. But it is a new theory that the
smooth and liquid passages in our poets are
founded primarily on the. accent of cats, and
that the latter is the completest illustration of
vocal and lingual ; harmony which nature
affords. ' Tho popular idea has always been
quite the contrary. But the notion is seriously
advanced by .Professor Marvin Clark, who is
said to be a blind author, and argued upon
with feline emphasis and prolixity. Cat lan
guage, he says,' is like Chiner.e, "both being
musical, mellifluous and pleasing to the
senses," a proposition which will command at
tention on account of its novelty, and may be
concurred in by the cats and the Chinese them
selves, but is certain of indignant and sponta
neous rejection by all other animals and men.
In other respects, the similarity between the
two dialects may possess a higher degree of
plausibility.
For instance, the same word in Chinese
means several hundred different things, ac
cording to the inflection, and Professor Clark
asserts that the same tiling may be said of the
various yowls through which- the cat en
deavors to express its emotions. Sometimes
they mean one thing and sometimes another,
according to their pitch and cadence, aud in
esse of an error of interpretation on the part
oi the adjacent cat, there is always the expe
dient of battle, giving rise to new vocal ex
periments and new misunderstandings in a
Chain of unbroken succession since the first
midnight cat appeared upon (he first back
fence in history. So far as the inhabitants of
the Flowery Kingdom have been observed,
their conversational habits 'partake of the
same general character and' often lead to the
same results, and there may be a plausible rea
son lor tracing an analogy between them.
Of the 600 primitive, words which the pro
fessor claims to have traced home- to the cat by
far the larger proportion bear a noticeable
similarity to those employed in the colloquies
of the Oriental laundrymen and the light re
partee of the fan- tan table. But it is not possi
ble to concur in the theory that they lorm the
ultimate basis of poetical literature, or that to
unravel them is to untwist all the chords that
tie the prisoned soul of harmony. Giving- the
eat note its proper value in the" phonetic and
lingual scale, it is possible to conceive another
origin for other tongues and sounds. There is
no evidence that it has materially influenced
the development of poetical literature in any
period. There is a trace of it here and there in
verse to be seen, but it is a mere accidental
similitude, a trifle more marked in the case of
the new laureate than in common, but in that,
too, 'tis but a casual concord. It is not wise to
claim for the animal more than properly be
longs to it, and any judicious cat would reject
the pretensions thus put forth in its behalf
with a much louder yowl than belongs to its
usual vocabulary.— York Tribune.
THE LAND OF SLEEP.
Eternnl silence! World forever dumb!
Ten thousand aeons lie within thy cold
Inexorable arms— and they unfold
Rich argosies of human lives, thai come
From out thy frigid breast into the hum
And fever of our thought, with wealth untold
Of Arctic secrets— nevermore. Bells tolled,
Unheard, their exit; and the muffled drum
Of soundless under-heaving waters rolled
Its sullen ice-cold music, through the vast
Unsympathetic waste of frozen breath
That spans the brazen Northland, when the bold
! True hearts grew strangely still, and, shudd'ring
passed
Into the bosom.of this double death.
Kdwaku A. Junks hi the Granite Monthly,
ORDER OF KING WILLIAM.
Upon the occasion of the celebration of the
twenty-fifth anniversary of the foundation of
the German Empire the German Emperor re
cently created a new decoration, the "Wil
helm-Orden," or "Order of King William." It
consists of a gold medal bearing on the face
the portrait of Emperor William I and the in
scription, "Wilhelm Koenig yon Preussen,"
surrounded by an oval laurel wreath. This is
suspended from a clover-leaf, shaped ring,
which. in turn is held by two clasps, wide in
front and tapering ; toward the back, where
they are fastened together by means of a catch.
The Inscription on both clasps reads in Latin,
"Wilhelmus I Rex." These clasps terminate
in front in crowned eagleheads, the beaks
holding the ring supporting the medal. The
obverse of the medal bears the initials of Wil
liam 11, the "R" denoting his character of
King of Prussia, the whole surmounted by a
royal crown and the date of the creation of the
order, January 18, 1896. The : inscription
means: "Work in Memory of Emperor William
the Great." The "Wilhelm-Orden" is worn
?™, v , nd the neck, and, according to Emperor
Williams ■■ own words,. it will now be the high
est decoration he can bestow.' .
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
COKEY'S MONEY SYSTEM.
Based on Non-Interest Bonds of States,
Municipalities, Etc.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir.
Bankers, above all other men, have ceased to
laugh at Jacob S. Coxey. "Keep off the grass,
Coxey," was amusing to many people in 1894,
who are now coming to take the man some
what seriously. It turns out that these people
did not discover what lay beneath the Coxey
movement. The uprising all over the country
to join his Commonweal Army was as much
of a surprise to him as to the public; but he
seems about to afford a greater surprise to the
country in his movement for the adoption of a
new financial system because it appeals to the
common sense of all men, regardless of pre
vious views on the money question, and, al
though his recent tour of the Southern States
has not been reported in the daily newspapers,
his work will yet bear a harvest of news which
will be daily reported. If any one who reads
this statement regards it with incredulity he
has only, to wait a little and he will see the
point.
>:verv thoughtful man is prepared to admit
off-hand that there is no power in modern
society equal, or anywhere near equal, to the
money- power, and in close alliance with it are
all the great corporations, the telegraph, rail
road, standard oil. sugar trust and flour trust
These allied corporations rule the country, as
we all see, and the master monopoly of all is
the money power. In this we are all agreed.
We are quite as well agreed that the rule and
control of these allied corporations, inspired
and led by the money power, have brought our
country and all other commercial countries to
present deplorable and disastrous conditions
through the enactment of laws favorable to
their interests and oppressive to at least 90
per cent of the entire population.
The spectacle of a great Nation so conducting
its affairs' as to become a dependent borrower
from a small number of its wealthy citizens
and placing bonds upon the next generation
for its current expenses in a time of peace, and
the deadly struggle of this great State and
other states with a gigantic railroad corpora
tion, now going on at -the National capital,
should arouse .the patriotism and kindle the
wrath of every man worthy of American citi
zenship.. We have fallen on evil times and Un
less effective resistance is made by an awak
ened and outraged people, a worse fate awaits
us.
He serves his fellows and posterity best in
these times who comes forward with measures
for the relief and redemption of the Nation
from the oppressions and exactions of our
soulless and greed-inspired masters, the cor
porations, and his. place in history will b» one
of honor and fame and the enduring gratitude
of posterity. Xo one need feel surprised,
though just now he may not be pleased with
the suggestion, to find that among those who
are to be held in high esteem and gratitude in
the near future by a grateful country will be
Jacob S. Coxey of ' Ohio, the author ot the non
• nterest Taond bill, comprised in three short
paragraphs, which he is diligently bringing to
the attention of the people by speeches and
through, his newspaper named "Sound Money,"
and which is winning its way to the hearts of •
the masses just as quickly as they hear its
provisions. j Those who have not even heard of
it will perhaps discredit the fact that men of
all shades of political faith as well as news
papers are accepting this bill in vast numbers
as a certain and simple means of breaking the
power of money to oppress and rob the people
and of bringing in an era of prosperity and
happiness unknown to the people of any
nation.
Among the recent converts to the non-in
terest bond bill is the Philadelphia Item, one
of the great daily newspapers of the country,
the average daily circulation of which for the
year 1895 was 191,000, and the average Sun
day circulation 221,019, and probably 2000
weekly papers are advocating the same prin
ciples.
The three sections of the bill may be thus
star 1:
Section 1. That whenever any State, Ter
ritory, county, municipality, township or in
corporated town or village deem it necessary
to make any public improvements they shall
deposit with the Secretary of the Treasury of
the United States a non-interest-bearing twen
ty-five year bond not to exceed one-half of the
assessed valuation of the property in said State,
Territory, county, municipality, etc., and said
bond to be retired at the rate of 4 per centum
per annum.
Sec. 2. That whenever the foregoing section
of this act has been complied with it shall be
mandatory upon the Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States to have engraved and
printed treasury notes in the denominations
of $1, $2, $5 and $10 each, which shall be a
full legal tender for all debts, public and pri
vate, to the lace value of said bond, and deliver
to said State, Territory, etc., 99 per 'centum of
said notes and retain 1 per centum for expense
of engraving and printing the same. y ■.'■ ■
Sec. 3. That, after the passage of this act it
shall be compulsory upon every incorporated
tpwn or village, municipality, town-hip,
county, State or Territory to provide employ
ment to any idle man applying for work, and
that the rate of wages be not less than $1 50
per day for common labor and $3 50 per day
for team and labor, and that eight hours shall
constitute a day's labor under the provisions
of this act.
A fourth section could be added providing
for the deposit of like bonds to secure money
for the purchase of any public utilities, such as
the streetcar system, lighting plants, water
works, etc., and by setting apart enough: of the
revenues to make 4 per cent on the purchase
price of the water works; for example, in
twenty-five years the City would own the water
works without ever having paid out a nickel
in interest, while the payments for the prop
erty would be divided into twenty-five parts,
to be paid annually. In the same way the
streetcar system could be- bought and paid for
out of the earnings, and not a cent of interest
paid to acquire and own the property. After
being paid for, the revenues from these great
public utilities would be turned into the City
treasury and would probably pay al! the run
ning expenses of the City and eliminate all
other taxes, or be turned into other public
utilities, such as scientifically constructed ten
ements on a grand scale for the poor of the
City, the rent of which at a low figure would
bring in an enormous revenue.
This system, when fully adopted, would end
in the reign of the money power, for it would
destroy usury and c6mpel the owners of money
to engage in some useful work.
Joseph asbury Johnson.
11 Essex street, San Francisco. •
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Homestead— C. P. S., Rex, Cal. A piece of
land taken up under the United States law as a
homestead cannot be attached for any debt
that was incurred before final proof was made.
After that it is the same as other property. In
selling a' United States homestead a wife is
always asked to sign the deed, because pur
chasers will not Duy without such signature.
Lady Physician— B., Berkeley, Cal. '. This
correspondent is one of many who address
letters of inquiry to this department on mat
ters that are of a strictly personal character
and who are so negligent that they do not sign
their names. Letters of this character will
not be noticed unless the writer gives true
name and address. In such cases it an answer
can be furnished it will be sent by mail.
Selling Liquor— P. R., City. If you keep a
public house a customer who is "decent ap
pearing, sober and has money to pay for what
he calls for" has a right to call for what you
have to offer for sale— wines, liquors or cigars—
and you are bound to supply his demand. The
laws of this State prohibit the selling of liquor
to Indians and common drunkards, and a City
ordinance prohibits the sale of liquor to minor's
under the age of 16.
Brown's War Record— G., City. The olli
cial record shows that C. O. Brown, now pastor
of the First Congregational Church, enlisted
in the Third Ohio Cavalry, Company C, on the
18th of February, 1864, as a corporal. He was
16 years of age at that time and was mustered
out August 4, 1865. His father, Oliver M
Brown, was major of the regiment. Before
his enlistment C. O. Brown was a bugler in the
regiment, having joined when 14 years old
British Africa— lnq., City. The population
of British Africa according to latest returns
was : Cape Cdlony, 1 ,527,244, ot which 376,
--987 were Europeans; Natal, 46,788 whites
455,983 \ native Zulu and 41,142 Indians'
Bechuanaland. 5311 Europeans, 55 105
natives; and Basutoland, 578 Europeans 'and
218,324 natives. The number of burghers in
the republic of Transvaal will not exceed 16 -
00 v?< ouj of .* Population of 100,000 whites,
which 60,000 are aliens. '
Concealed Weapons-F. W. D. and J., James
town, El Dorado County, Cal. At this . time
there is no State law that prohibits the carry
ing of concealed weapons, except one that de
clares it a' misdemeanor for a person to carry a
weapon concealed with intent to assault an
other. The State law prohibiting the carrvintr
of weapons was passed in 1863 and repealed
April 14, 1870. There are City ordinances that
make it a misdemeanor for any one to carry
weapons concealed without permission' from
the police authorities. • m
Jersey City-E. G. S., Livermore, Alameda
County, Cal. § There is but one Jersey City and
that is the one in the State of New Jersey. The
terminus of the Morris and Essex canal is at
Jersey City. . It is 103 miles long, has thirty
three locks and a depth of water of five feet.
It was completed-! n 1836 at a cost of $3,100,000
and since then improvements have increased
the cost .to $6^00,000. , It connects with the
coal regions at Easton, Pa., and its terminus in
that State la Philhpsburg. There ia another
canal in' New Jersey known as the Delaware
and Raritan, between Trenton and New Bruns
wick Exclusive of feeders its length is sixty
six miles it has fourteen locks and a depth of
seven feet. "of water. cost $4,8 88, 74*, and
was completed in 1838.. This is the channel
of steamboat communication between New
York and Philadelphia. - -
PERSONAL.
Joseph Gavin of Denver is here.
T. C. Prime of Canton, Ohio, is in town.
Dr. Z. T. 31 agill of Healdsburg is at the Russ.
The Rev. Dr. Alexander of San Anselmo is in
the City. : '~ . t
Charles Edward Locke of Portland, Or., Is at
the Occidental.
J. H. Sherman of Waterman is registered at
the Cosmopolitan. '■'.'•''
Richard Hye, a business man of Santa Bar
bara, is at the Russ.
G. S. Kimball, the widely known banker of
•Red Bluff, is at the Palace.
S. Hammond, a business man of Silver City,
N. M., arrived here yesterday.
Judge J. M. Walling of Nevada City has ar
rived here for a few days' visit.
Dr. J. M. Goodwin and George N. Merriam, of
Minneapolis, arrived here yesterday.'
Frank Sheppard, one of Fresno's prominent
real estate men, is at the St. Nicholas.
Frank A. Rowell, Deputy County Clerk of
Fresno, is staying at the Cosmopolitan.
Guy S. Palmer of the United States army,
Fort Douglas, Utah, is at the Occidental.
William A. Pinkcrton, the Chicago detective,
has returned to the City from suburban points,
and "is at the Baldwin. ].'-.
Charles F. Cutter of New York, who has had
chare/; of the Fulton-street noon prayer meet
ings for some time, is at the Lick.
Michael Ilanlon, a prominent miner of Auck
land, New Zealand, is a guest at the Cosmo
politan, accompanied by his wife and family.
David Starr Jordan, president of Stanford
University and the Academy of Sciences, ar
rived here last night. He is at the Occidental.
J. H. Martin of Woodland, who is engaged in
raising cattle and sheep and who has 1 ad
large experience in the business, is at the
Russ.
Andrew Kinaston and John Cormack, two
prominent mining men of Australia who ar
rived on the steamer Monowai, are stopping at
the Cosmopolitan.
John T. Sullivan, the proprietor of Fresno's
Grand Central Hotel, who was formerly in
charge of the Sea Beach Hotel at Santa ( ;-..s
for many years, is at the California Hotel.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, X. V., Feb. 17.— Dr. D. T. Calla
han, Ashland; C. L. Fair and wife, Holland;
Miss A. Groman, W. L. Hughsen, St. Denis; J.
S. Hiller, Venaome; A. T.Johns, St. James; V.
X. Jlerks, Belvidere; A. Roullier, Murray Hill;
F. G. Ryan. St. Cloud; Miss Crocker, Miss Rals
ton, Netherlands H. S. Ellis, Hoffmann. Mr.
and Mrs. J. H.Johns left the Plaza Hotel and
sailed on the steamer Aller for Bremen. ;'"-• -.:.
MISSES' WAIST WITH SAILOR
COLLAR.
Sailor collars which form revers in front are
a favorite shape. The waist shown above laps
at the waist line and this, with the revers,
makes a fichu effect that is particularly stylish.
The collar may be made separate or sewn to
the waist. Collars of black silk muslin trimmed
with ruffles or pleatings of the same are worn
with bright colored silk waists for evening.
A green and black dress of wool had a collar
of printed velveteen in the same colors, the V
between revers being of green silk braided
with gold. A narrow gilt belt was worn with
this. A dress of tan alpaca had a collar of
brown satin with a V of plaid silk In bright
colors on a tan ground.
The model is very well adapted for making
up washable materials. The brown
spun linens and cottons which suggest dish
toweling are very fashsonable, and service
able as well. One seen had a sailor collar ot
white lawn of the sheerest kind. This was
edged with a ruffle of the same. The V was "of
white piquet.
. A dress of brown hollands had collar of
batiste of the same shade, which was inter
sected by lines of green and rose color. The V
was of the plain goods, finished by a col'ar of
the batiste.
Plaid or fancy ginghams are pretty, with
collars of plain gingham, such as pink, with &
checked gingham in which there is a little
pink. • - -•: .
White lawn collars are also dainty on ging.
haras and cambrics. ■
The waist is made with a yoke top which
forms the V. The lining is cm like the out
side, which is gathered at the waist line, back
and front. For the heavier wash goods no
lining is necessary.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The Prince of Wales has his life insured for
$3,250,000. 'y: ; i
Queen Victoria has a magnificent collection
of the photographs of celebrated actors.
An old lady of 70 in Atlantic, Me., recently
walked two miles to a pond to go stating.
The Crown Princess of Denmark has the dis
tinction of being the tallest woman in Europe.
She is six feet two inches in height.
Benjamin Liverman, who died in Minneapo
lis the other day at the age of 95 years, claimed
to be the first commercial traveler to go on the
road in this country. He traveled for a jew
elry house.
A rich Armenian banker of Pera, named
Dicras Karageuslan, was assassinated by his
fellow-Armenians beoause he refused to sub
scribe to the fund for the relief of the victims
of the massacres, y . ".
Paul Kruger receives a salary of $40,000 a
year. His way of life, however, is distinctly
plebeian. A.story is told of some fashionable
ladies who called to leave their cards with the
President's wife. They discovered the dis
tinguished lady standing on the doorstep with
a half-devoured orange between her lips. One
arm was immediately placed akimbo, the
orange carefully balanced, while the freehand
was stretched out for the cards.
A Nice present for Eastern friends—
send's Cal. glace fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market St. •
ErEciAL information dally to manufacture:*
business houses and public men by the Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery '
"I have a notion to turn you over to the po
lice," said the prosperous citizen.
"I don't see no sense in that," said the beg
ging gentleman. "It wouldn't do you no good,
it wouldn't do me no good, and it wouldn't do
the police no good, 'cause I ain't took in a cent
to-day."— lndianapolis Journal. .
Hood's Sarsaparilla cures catarrh by purifying
the blood. Hood's Sarsaparilla cures rheumatism
by purifying the blood. Hood's j Sarsaparilla baa
benefited others and can benefit you.
Dr. Sikgebt's Angostura Bitters possess an ex
quisite flavor and are a sure preventive for all
'diseases of the digestive organs.
A Cough Should Not Be Neglected! "Brown's
Bronchial Troches" are simple remedy and glva
immediate and sure relief.TUESDAY...: ..FEBRUARY 18. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
B&x.swnr Thkati.k. —Grand Opera— " Lohen-
grin."
California Theater—" Richard III."
Columbia Theater— "Tha Old Limekiln."
Morocco's Opera-House— -Wife for Wife-"
i rvou Opera-House.— "Del l'r.'ischutz.''
t'UPHn-ji.- Hi«li-Clan VaucleviUe.
GBOTn'B ."11-A7AB. -••' .US*.."
Grove-Street Theater— Between Polk and
Van Xess— U »fc I. Benefit for Veteran Guard,
G. A. 11.
Shoot the Chutes— Dally at Halght street,
ccc block east Of the Park.
Facieiu Coast Jockey Club.— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Faston A Ki.mti do k.— Tuesday, February
28, Real Estate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o'clock
1 (HT).
By W. F. McCord— Thursday, February 20,
Horses, at corner Twelfth and Harrison streets.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Paderewski drew another big audience yes
terday afternoon.
Several accidents, more or less severe, have
happened upon the streets lately.
George W. Faneher, the banker, says the peo
ple of California are too extravagant.
A new propeller for steam vessels that prom
ises power and speed has been invented.
Rabbi Voorsanger addressed the Baptist Con
ference yesterday on "The Modern Jew."
The Woman's Federation occupied their
meeting yesterday with reports of commit
tees.
The garbage-crematory franchise was awarded
to F. E. Sharon by the Board of Supervisors yes
terday.
Customs Inspector Williams has been sus
pended by order of Secretary of the Treasury
Carlisle.
A new patriotic society, tbe Children of the
American Revolution, will be organized next
Saturday.
The ecclesiastical council called to investi
gate the charges against Dr. Brown will con
vene to-day. li'
The Longfellow School will probably be
closed on account Of lacVof proper sanitary ar
rangements.
The local labor unionr generally Indorse the
preliminary work of tie recent Labor Union
Convention.
The an«i-Buckley orranization is torn some
what with a fight "wita Sam Rainey and his
political aspirations. '
The Board of Supervisors fixed water tates
last evening at the sine figure that they have
been for the past yotr.
The divorce sut of Melinda Woodward
against Frank G. Voodward came up for trial
before Judge Seavell yesterday.
Extensive preparations for the carnival ball
Feem to warrant -he general expectation that
the event will b*a brilliant one.
Sneakthleves ntered 6. Sonnenfeld's store
on Kearny strpt yesterday, while he was at
luucheonj and-ook some private jewels.
The winninf horses at Ingleside yesterday
were Minnie <*c, Gold Bug, imp. Star Ruby,
Three Forks, "Hukee Poodle and Tim Murphy.
Samuel M.^hortridge, the attorney, ban
queted his fr' d and client, Ignace Paderew
ski, at the Palace Hotel tapestry-room last
night.
J. F. T'i ? who brought charges against
Sergeant dank, wants the Police Commission
ers, whr "^missed them, to hear his com
plaint Baia"Fair8 aia
"Fair 'I'^fty : probably cooler Tuesday after- '
noon ; >"ht easterly to southerly winds," is the
predif ion issued last night by Forecast Ollicial
\V. Htlamm<<n.
A.-.. Zimmerman, the champion bicyclist, is
bei^ urged to make a longer stay here than
l e -; expected, and to race at the" coming in-
d €> - tournament.
ne racing board of the League of American
yeelmen will put into effect at once its
. wly adopted rules regarding amateur and
rofessional rider-.
James Ryan, 22 years of age, was yesterday
fined £50 or fifty days in the County Jail, by
Jndge Foachimsen, for selling pools to messen
ger-boys and newsboys.
Mary Marcella Pfeiffer has demurred to the
contest brought by her brothers against the
wiil of her mother, Jane .Buff. The demurrer
is on technical grounds.
Father Yorke commended the congregation '
of St. Anthony's Church at their fair last night !
ior striving to maintain .the traditions and |
customs of tho fatherland.
E. J. Molera lectured before the Academy of !
Sciences last night on the sources of the his- j
tory of the Aztecs. The lecture was illustrated j
by means of the stereoptieon.
The League of the Cross of St. Paul's parish !
gave a rally last night at the parish church
and heard an address by Dr. Clinton on the j
effects of alcohol on the human system.
The early rising market men enter a vigor- j
ous kick at the San Francisco Gas Light Com
pany's economy in extinguishing the street !
lamps at a very early hour in the morning.
James Kerwin, the well-known sailor board- i
ing-house keeper, was yesterday fined $100 or \
100 days in the County Jail, for selling liquor
without a license in his place on Montgomery I
and Chestnut streets. .
Ernestine Krelinghs.s petitioned the Superior '
Court to appoint a receiver to care for the
property on Guerrero street, near Fifteenth. |
She alleges that F. W. Kreling, in whose hands !
it now is, is unduly incumbering it.
Simon Baruch, proprietor of thf; Golden Gate
glove factory, has assigned. His liabilities are
about $10,000 and assets may not be more
than half that sum. Baruch lost money in I
business and real estate speculations.
"Bill" Lange, the big center-fielder of the i
Chicagos, now spending his vacation with his
people, at 415 Spruce street, has a four-legged
chicken, which is alive and well, and which
he intends to take East with him in March as
fa mascot for his club.
The poolrooms continue in operation under
the most adverse circumstances. No informa
tion whatever -is allowed to leave Ingleside
track. The rooms lay ridiculous odds against
the starters and wrong jockeys are given in
almost every instance.
Police Judge Low has sustained the de
murrer interposed by Attorney Samuel M
Shortridge in behalf of the poker-players arl
rested last week. He claims in his decision
that the ordinance under which the players
were arrested is unconstitutional, as it con
flicts with the State law.
Alice E. Johnson is suing the Chicago
Amusement Company and Gustav Walter for
$750, the balance due on a six weeks' contract.
Her contract was to sing at the Orpheum for
$160 a week, irom November, 1895; but she
was discharged after four days. She wants the
rest of her money.
The First National Bank of D. O. Mills & Co. is
suing to foreclose on $150,000 0f the bonds of
the Carson and Colorado Railway Company
pledged as surety by Thomas Bell for two
promissory notes, one for $15,000 and the
other for $50,000. J. W. C. Maxwell and
George Staacke, executors of Bell's estate, are
tbe defendants.
I'etra Barboa is suing her husbana, Jesus
Barboa, for a divorce and incidentally for ali
mony. He left her twenty-one years ago, and
he has turned up again with another wife and
tour children. He was a garbage collector
when he left I'etra, nut since then he has been
to Mexico, and in other walks of life has
amassed a fortune of nearly $80,000. A share
of this the plaintiff wants.
SHARKEY-GREGGAINS.
The Heavy- Weight Boxers Will Meet at
the Auditorium in an Eight-
Round Contest.
The National Athletic Club has secured
an excellent program me of indoor athletics
for its next exhibition, which will take
place at the Auditorium on the evening
of March 6. Apart from a series of four
round bouts between the most expert
boxers of this City the managers have
signed Tom Sharkey, the heavy-weight
pugilist, who easily disposed of Billy
Smith and '"big" Miller of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club at Colma, against Alex
Greggains, in an eight-round contest,
which will be decided on points.
Greggains is a decidedly shifty and clever
exponent of the "art" of fisticuffs, and his
many friends are of the opinion that he
will prove a difficult target for Sharkey to
hit, when the time will come for hits and
misses. The champion pugilist of the
United States navy is evidently well aware
of what Gregpains is capable of dome, and
he has sufficient confidence in his ability
to prove to the fireman that scientifically
•and otherwise" he is the better man.
Sharkey will train at the Cliff House, •
and in all probability Greggains will do
his exercising spins at Barney Farley's old I
rendezvous. The contest should prove
very interesting.
A DINNER TO PADEREWSKI.
Samuel M. Shortridge Banquets
the Distinguished Mu
sician.
FOURTEEN GUESTS PRESENT.
A Menu That Was Nothing Less Than
an Epicurean Dream Confronted
the Feasters.
The tapestry-room of the Palace Hotel
glistened with carnation and white, the
! national colors of Ignace Paderewski, the
master of music, whose wouderful hands
have ma.de harmony that has moved the
people of two continents and wet millions
of eyes with tears.
The occasion was a banquet tendered the
Scene at the Round-Table Dinner Given Paderewski by Samuel M. Shortridge at the Palace Hotel.
[Sketched by a "Call " artist.]
•
' artist by his legal adviser and friend,
: Samuel M. Shortridge of the firm of Del-
I mas & Shortridge. Fourteen plates were
i set at the round table and fourteen gentle
j men mingled their conversation with
j sentiment and wit.
The center of the board was set with
I foliage and flowers, while carnation can
] delabra shed a soft crimson light over the
I guests and diffused its tints throughout
• the room.
On the right of the host sat the guest of
1 the evening, Paderewski, and on his left
| Claus Spreekels. The other gentlemen
I present were Hon. F. W. Henshaw, I. W.
Hellman, Hon. Van R. Paterson, William
; Greer Harrison, J. OHara Cosgrave, Hugo
; Gorlitz, Colonel Isaac Trumbo, Hon. A.
: A. Sanderson, Colonel John D. Spreekels,
! Hon. D. M. Delmas and Hon. W. S. Van
i Fleet.
The musician was in his happiest mood
i and Mr. Shortridge, the fluent host, made
his guests feel that the entire assemblage
was of one family. The conversation was
sprinkled with brilliant strokes of repartee
I and Paderewski absolutely lived the whole
j evening in the- midst of representative
'• American gentlemen. He expressed him
self as delighted with the new West and
found here an element of sociability that
is not encountered the world over.
A lyre, constructed of California nuts
and glazed over with native syrups, stood
upon the mantelpiece as a compliment to
the pianist, and the menu was an epi
; curean dream.
MENU.
Huitres de l'Kst sur Coqullle.
Consomme Begence.
ilors d'Oeuvres Varies.
Tlmbalcs de Grenouilles a r.viirore.
Filets de Truite, .Sauce Colbert.
Pommes Polonaise. Concern toes.
Selle a'Agneau a la Chopin.
Supreme de Pun let a la Meyerbeer.
Sorbet Parfait Amour.
Canard Mallard P.oti. tielee de Groscillcs.
Celen Mayonnaise.
Asperses, Sauce Mousseline.
Glace de Fantaisle. •
Petits Fours. Marions laces.
Lyre en .Nougat.
Fruit. Dessert. Cafe.
vis.
Sauterne Cruse et Fil3 Freres.
Amaontillaao.
Chateau Larose, 1874, Barton & Gnestier.
Pommery and i.reno Sec. *
Liqueurs-
The menu card was trimmed with car
nation and white ribbons, and the guests
took them away as souvenirs of a dinner
that is not likely to be repeated under
such pleasant conditions and with so
many genial guests for some time to come.
The feasters sat at the table pntil nearly
midnight, after which they departed for
the apartments of Mr. Shortridge, on the
fourth floor, and listened to the delightful
music of the guest of the evening and the
entertaining conversation of those who
were present.
The memory of that feast will linger
with those who were there for many years,
and the divine interpreter of the old mas
ters says it is one of the bright spots in
bis tour of America.
TWO BEARS AT THE BEACH.
A Case in Which Officers Put a Stop to
Cruel Practices.
For some time past on Saturdays and
Sundays two men have been exhibiting
performing bears on the road leading to
the Cliff House. Last week complaint
was made to Secretary Rolbrook of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals that these animals were being
cruelly treated. Last Saturday the secre- j
tary and Officer Hooper visited the place |
and discovered that the animals were |
overworked, were not given sufficient food
and water arid were made to climb a I
rough, square 8 by 8 inch timber and -that j
in doing this they tore their flesh and bled
freely.
The officials . spoke to the men and j
warned them that they must be more care- ;
ful in future, whereupon one of them said j
that the bears were his and he could do
just wbai he pleased with them. Hol-
Drook told » him* that if he continued he
would summon the patrol wagon ana take
the whole outfit to the Central station.
While the officers remained- there was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1896.
no cruelty practiced and on the following
day, when the officers went there again,
they noticed that the owners of the ani
mals worked only one at a time, giving
the other an opportunity to rest, that
they discontinued the use of the timber
for climbing and that the animals were
furnished food and water.
A GLOVEMAKER FAILS.
Simon Baruch Assigns to C. Hellwig
After Losing Money in
Business.
Simon Baruch, proprietor of the Golden
Gate glove factory at Battery and fine
streets, has been compelled to make an
assignment for the benefit of his creditors.
Friday last he turned over his business
ami all his available assets to Christian
Hellwig, whose name now appears where
Baruch's used to be on the door of the fac
tory and showrooms.
Baruch stated that his liabilities were
about $10,000 and his assets pretty
neaily as much. He. gave as the' reason
for assigning that he could no longer carry
on his business with profit, but, on the
contrary, he had lost heavily in endeavor
ing to continue.
Hellwig, to whom the assignment was
made, is the vice-president of the Legal
iet-Hellwig Tanning Company on Clay
street. Baruch dealt largely" with this
concern, having purchased most of the
leather for his factory there. The tanning
company, therefore, "is one of the principal
creditors. . ...-.'".
The assignee had bookkeepers at work
on the accounts of the glove company yes
terday, and had a man taking an estimate
of the stock, etc., in the factory, with the
object of ascertaining the correct con
dition of Baruch's affairs. The assets con-
sist of stock, machines and book accounts,
little else of Baruch's property being avail
able for the creditors. A member of the
tanning firm stated yesterday that the
general opinion was the assets would not
amount to much over $5000.
The same person said the real cause for
the failure was that Baruch's business was
too small to be conducted profitably in
face of competition from the extensive
glove factories of other cities, and that the
proprietor had "eaten himself up" in
keeping open so long. Besides, Baruch
became involved in real estate specula
tions that proved disastrous and con
sumed his spare capital.
LONGFELLOW WILL CLOSE
An Epidemic of Scarlet Fever
Feared by the Health
Officials.
The Board Is Now Determined to
Stamp Out the Disease in the
Schools.
• . i —
The alarm in the Board of Health re
garding the threatened epidemic of scarlet
fever in the Longfellow School on Silver
street has not abated, but is rather on the
increase, and unless something comes up
in the meantime to change the minds of
the members,., tbe'' school 'will be con
demned at the regular meeting of the
board on Wednesday, and it will be or
dered closed unt.il the institution is put in
a thoroughly sanitary condition.
The reason of the increased apprehen
sion is that though the first case of scarlet
fever traceable to the school was reported
some time ago and every effort has been
made to stamp out the disease, new cases
continue to come in. and in some localities
where children from the school live the
trouble seems to be spreading.
Yesterday a new case was reported,
making nine that have thus far come
under the notice of the board. It is
feared there are other children in the
neighborhood of the school who have been
stricken, but whose cases have not been
reported to the board.
Inspector Stout of the Sixth District,
which embraces the section south of
Market street and east of Sixth, has re
ported to Health Officer Lovelace that he
has examined the school thoroughly and
that it is in the worst' possible sanitary
condition. The open vaults are rotting
away and are so crude and decayed that
it is impossible to properly cleanse them.
He has taken samples of .the wood work
that is so objectionable to the board and
will offer them for their inspection.
Health Officer Lovelace will visit the
school to-day and inspect the sanitary ap
pliances, or, rather, lack of them, and on
his report the board will probably act. He
said yesterday that if the conditions were
as he understood them he would quite
likely recommend the immediate closing
of the school.
A number of other schools where the
sanitation is in bad condition will, be in
spected shortly, and the Longfellow may
not be the only one to be closed, as the
board is determined not to allow an epi
demic of disease to gain a foothold with
out making a vigorous effort to arrest its
progress. . '.
A number of cases in the western por
tion of the City will be closely investi
gated, and if found to emanate from de
fective sanitation in school buildings the
offending institutions will be closed. ,
At its meeting to-morrow the board will
probably issue an ultimatum to the Boards
of •: Supervisors - and Education I to J replace
wornout sanitary appliances with modern
sanitation, or They will see the machinery
of the' School Department; brought to a
sudden stop.
AWARDED TO F. E. SHARON.
The Highest Bidder Secured the
Garbage Crematory Fran
• chise.
MERLE'S OFFER WAS REJECTED.
Mayor Sutro Has Given His Reasons
for Vetoing the Bituminous
Rock Ordinance.
By a vote of 8 to 4 the Board of Super
visors yesterday awarded the franchise to
construct a crematory to dispose of the
• garbage of this City to F. E. Sharon, whose
bid wae $2510 cash, 2 per cent of the gross
{ receipts for fifteen years and 5 per cent of
| the gross receipts forthe remaining thirty
j five years.
The matter came up in the form of a
resolution submitted^ by Supervisor Di
mond providing that the Sharon bid be
accepted, the Health and Police Com
mittee having recommended that the bid
of L. V. Merle af $5500 cash without a per
centage of receipts be accepted. Super
visors Taylor and Dimond spoke in favor
of the acceptance of the Sharon bid, Super
visor Hughes opposing it. The latter said
that while much had been spoken of the
prospective profits of the franchise to the
City, no real showing had been made, and
that in his opinion the $5500 bid was the
highest. v;y ;
Supervisors Taylor and Dimond said
that it was preposperons to suppose that
the amount the City would receive from
percentages of receipts in fifty years under
the S haron bid would be less than the dif
ference .between the cash bids. They
claimed that their investigations and
those of | the engineer of the Merchants'
Association showed conclusively that the
Sharon bid would net the City many
thousands of dollars during the term of
the franchise. When the matter went to a
vote the only votes against awarding the
franchise | to ' Mr. Sharon were those of
Supervisors Benjamin, Dunker, Hughes
and Wagner. Bjß
Mayor Sutro' veto message on the bitu
minous rock ordinance was read. It was
as follows:
To the Honorable, the Board of Supervisors,
City and County of San Francisco Gentlemen:
Order 'i960, relative to bituminous rock speci
fications, was passed on February 3, 1896, by
your honorable body and has been by me very
carefully considered.
Desiring to perfect legislation that should be
fair to all and yet result in the best obtainable
work invitations were sent out through the
press and by personal letter to a number of
prominent contractors to meet me at the
Mayor's office for the consideration of your
order.
On last Monday a very long and exhaustive
examination was had of the order in the pres
ence of a large number of interested parties
and capable critics. _
It seemed to be the admitted opinion of all
the contractors present that the proposed order
was defective in at least two respects.
The requirement that the rock shall not be
reduced in | "open kettles" has the necessary
ettect of excluding certain contractors who
have stationary plants.
The clause that requires the rock to be de
livered on the street in its "natural condition,"
as taken from the mine, will operate in exclud
ing certain contractors, and also making com
plete the railroad monopoly that would have
the transportation.
There is a further consideration that It is my
desire to bring to the attention of your hon
orable body. It is a fact that some bitumen Is
naturally deficient in sand.
To remedy this defect and produce a pave
ment of the proper consistency it Is necessary
to have a certain admixture of clear, clean sea
sand. The percentage is not very great, but
some Is required. The order therefore should
provide that a certain amount of clear, clean
sea sand, in quantity not below nor exceeding
a certain percentage, should be permitted to
be used in bituminous street work when neces
sary, and that it should be the especial duty of
the inspector to see that not more than the re
quired percentage is used.
For the above reasons the order Is returned
unsigned, with the suggestion most respect
fully preferred that the amendments above
named shall b* incorporated therein and be
returned to me for approval. Very respectfully
yours, Adolph Sutro, Mayor.
At the close of the reading of mes
sage Supervisor Spreekels moved that the
communication go to j print, a course that
was adopted.
Veterans of California. G. A. R. were
granted permission to give benefit theatri
cal performances at the Grove-street Thea
ter without payment of license for the week
beginning to-day.
The committee on Fire Department was
authorized and instructed to obtain copies
of all patents on water towers that have
been issued, numbering 1349, at a cost of
not to exceed $360, the cost of each copy
being estimated at 25 cents.
Supervisor King introduced a resolution
imposing a license of $"> per quarter on all
nickel-in-the-slot machines, including
those on phonographs, scales, musical in
struments, candy machines and devices for
playing for cigars and liquors. It was re
ferred .to the License Committee.
The : report of the ; joint i Health and
Police and License Committee, laying the
poolroom ordinance over until Judge Wal
lace decides cases now before him, was op
posed by Supervisor Dimond, who thought
the matter should be disposed of at once:
that it would be useless to carry the ordi
nance over any; longer. Stockton '„ and
Sacramento bad decided within awe to
close the dens, and San Francisco should
be able to do the ; same thing. /He moved
that .the .committee be instructed to re
port at once. The motion was lost by a
vote of 8 to 4— Supervisors Spreekels, Tay
NEW TO-DAT.
" Pure and Sure."
Only rounded spoonfuls are required not heaping spoonfuls.
lor. Hobbs and Dimond voting in the af
firmative. ',/;'.
A . resolution was introduced by Super
visor Diiiiond, and carried, authorizing
the Mayor to lease to Charles Ruhland and
Karl C. Zimmerman, for the term of one
year, block 210, bounded by Point Lobos
avenue, Clement street, Twenty-ninth and
Thirtieth avenues, to be used for the ac
commodation of livestock.
A resolution presented by Supervisor
Spreekels was adopted granting the Cut
ting Fruit Packing Company permission
to lay a freight railroad track on Eighth
street, from Townsend along a portion of
the block toward Brannan, so as to reach
its premises on the southwest corner of
Brannan and Eighth streets, the track to
remain down at the pleasure of the board.
AT THE CITY PLAYHOUSES.
Katie Putnam Makes a Remark*
able Hit in "The Old
Lime Kiln."
Revival of "Der Freischutz" at the
Tivoli— "Wife for Wife" at the
Grand Opera-House.
There was a large audience at the Colum
bia Theater last night to welcome Katie
Putnam and her company in '"The Old
Lime Kiln."
The play, which is by C. T. Dazey, is
something on the lines of "In Old Ken
tucky," but it bristles less with sensa
tional incidents and contains fewer special
ties. There is nothing approaching tne
"Kentucky" race scene in strength, but on
the other hand, "The Old Lime Kiln" af
fords the best possible opportunities for
Katie Putnam to assert herself in her own
sparkling and vivacious way.
The first act is supposed to ' pass in Yel
lowstone Park, where Robert Morris lives
in a shanty with his daughter, Margery,
and ekes out a precarious living by acting
as a guide. Years before he had been un
justly accused of robbing his father's safe,
and had retired from the world in conse
quence and became an opium fiend.
The park is visited by Robert's father,
Horace Mervyn, and by John Morton, the
villain who had really robDed the safe.
Morton's son, a captain in the United
States army, is also with the party.
Margery acts as guide and the captain
falls in love with her, which perhaps ac
counts for his father not being depicted as
a villain of the deepest dye. There are
moments all through the play when he
almost captures the sympathy of the audi
ence by tumbling on the brink of repent
ance.
The voice of nature seems to speak in
Horace Mervyn, as it always does in stage
fathers and grandfathers.
Although quite unaware that Margery Is any
kith to hira he oilers to adopt her, a proposition
which she accepts, after first making her father
promise to forswear opium: The end of the
drama is occupied in tracking the villain to
earth, and during the process Miss Putnam has
opportunities to give charming exhibitions
both of comedy and pathos. The most exciting
scene occurs in the old lime kiln, where the
captain con.es near losing bis life through the
ferocity of a subordinate villain, one Bud
Markley. This thrilling incident and the res
cue quite brought down the house.
Miss Putnam played the little ingenue, Mar
gery Morris, on refined and original lines.
Although she assumed a rough accent her
pleasing voice saved her from any trace of
coarseness, and through all her hoydenishness
she was graceful and chic. Her singing was
pretty, though she performs the artistic feat of
singing without a voice and her dancing was
warmly applauded.
The supporting cast was a fairly good all
round one. E. M. Kimball was effective as
Horace Mervyn, and Leonard Mitchell played
the part of Bud Markley, the lime-burner," on
thoroughly realistic lines. Dutton Wansor and
Iva Thatcher, as Corporal Stumps and Biddy
Flinn respectively, endeared themselves to the
audience by their Hibernian wit. E. L. Lee
looked the part of Captain Norton better than
he acted it. The rest of the cast was satis
factory.
• Tivoli Opera-House.
The Tivoli put on "Der Freischutz" last night
instead of letting "The Gentle Savage run an
other week.
A decidedly better presentation of Weber's
romantic opera was given than when the
"Freischutz" was presented some years ago in
this house. Miss Ida Valerga had been en
gaged to play Agatha, and as her methods are
those of grand opera and not those of opera
bouffe, she was able to give a satisfactory ren
dering of the role. Miss Valerga was in good
voice last night, and as she threw herself
heartily into her role and acted and sang with
plenty of abandon, she aroused hearty ap
plause.
Miss Kate Marchi's sweet, light voice was
heard to good advantage in the role of Annie;
she acted gracefully too, and did not pain her
audience by pirouetting in the bridesmaids'
scene, as her predecessor did the ; last time the
"Freischutz" was produced here.
Martin Pache sang and acted effectively as
Max, and John J. Raffael made a thoroughly
satisfactory Casper. The rest of the opera was
not unsatisfactorily sung, and the scenic
effects in the Wolf's Glen caused a curtain call
at the end of the third act. v
Baldwin Theater.
"The Huguenots" was performed last night
at the Baldwin Theater with the former cast.
There was a large audience and the artists
were warmly applauded. .
At the Orpheum.
The Orpheum presented a programme of
bright and varied entertainment last night.
The Pantzers, in their remarkable feats of
head-balancing, were obliged to respond again
and again to enthusiastic recalls, while the
new monologues of Billy Carter and Carroll
Johnson, interspersed . with the latest comedy
songs, were .received with earnest manifesta
tions of approval..
The Garrisons repeated their success of last
week in a well-drawn serio-comic sketch. The
new feature on the programme was the triple
horizontal-bar act of the Waltons, in which
straight and grotesque athletic feats were dar
ingly and skillfully performed. The bill is
strong and popular and reflects credit on the
management by the happy organization of its
j members.
At the Grand Opera-House.
John A. Stevens' thrilling four-act drama,
"Wife for Wife," attracted a large and appre
ciative audience .to its opening performance
last night at the Grand Opera-house. Many
of the scenes j are absorbing in their in teres
and the play itself, while intensely dramatic,
is in no part far-fetched or overdrawn. Dar
rellJVinton as Edward Walton a .Southern gen
tleman of the days before the War, sustained
his character with all his old-time individu
ality and able appreciation of the exigencies
of the part.
It is no' long since Mr. Vinton returned from
Southern California, where : he < made ; a great
name for himself as a ; powerful and realistic
actor. Especially in Los Angeles he was a great
favorite with playgoers and did much to build
up the fortunesof the Burbank Theater during
his engagement in that city. : .
Miss Essie Tittel, as Edith, Walton's wife, by
her tine senseof the requirements of her role,
did much to supplement the effect of Mr. Vin
ton's best scenes. She- has the same maidenly,'
gentle stage presence as ever, and her old-time
trick of keeping her .dramatic force in check
until the climax of some exciting scene calls
for a burs; of passionate fire, seems still to be
one of her strong points. She carried her
audience by storm more than once during Jlast
night's performance.
Charles E. Lothian as Barney Elliott, and
Eugene Moore as George, Walton's mulatto
servant, were both deserving of special men
tion, while the other characters, as' a rule, were
well sustained. The Grand Opera-house has
gained much in the engagement of Louis Ita
lians as stage manager. The performance last
night seemed to proceed with a snap and a
dash wnich indicated that a man who thor
oughly understood his business was pulling
the wire.i. "Wife for Wife" will remain on
the boards during the present week.
At th*» California.
"The Merchant of Venice" drew a fine
audience to the opening night at the Cali
fornia. -.Mr. Keene gives the part of Shylock a
, strange, weird' intensity, differing in some
particular.? from any other actor's Interpreta
tion of the role. The soul-enthralling, all
absorbing avarice which Shakespeare gives the
old man is brought out in so passionate a man
ner as to make the love of gold seem like Ins
very life.
Miss lumberman as Portia might perhaps
assert herself just a little more. She sustains
the role well, 'but seems at times a trifle too
delicately feminine for the part of the valiant
lady advocate. The other members of the
company are fairly good and the stage-settings
and costumes far above the common. To-night
"Richard 111" is promised.
At the Alcazar.
Miss Mina Gleason made a decided hit last
night as "Marguerite." Goethe's "Faust" is a
play which has been so often murdered by
barn-storming pretenders that one almost al
ways fears to see the butchery repeated each
time the classic drama is announced. It has
so many situations which maybe either sub
lime or ludicrous, according to the manner iv
which the roles are sustained, that rarely is a.
perfect presentation of it seen. Last night's
work whs undoubtedly good. Nor was Miss
Gleasontje only one of the cast worthy of spe
cial mention.
Percy Hunting made a magnificent Mephis
topheles, his refined diabolism providing a
splendid foil for Marguerite's gentle simplicity.
As Faust, Francis Powers was excellent, while
Mrs. Fanny Young made a typical Dame
Martha. C, L. Torrence, in the unenviable
role of a man three hundred years in hell, did
what he could with a small and certainly far
from cheerful part. The Brocken scene and
the final apotheosis of Marguerite were ex
cellent in tneir way. The play will remain on
the boards during the current week.
A COMING CELEBRATION.
Junior Order of American Mechanics
Preparing for the Twenty-Second.
The committee of the Junior Order
United American Mechanics having in
charge the celebration of Washington's
birthday held a large and enthusiastic
meeting at Shiels building last evening.
The literary committee reported that the
Hon. J.Taylor Roger had accepted the in
vitation of the committee to deliver an
oration on that day. The committee was
instructed to notiiy Mr. Rogers that he
had been selected as orator of the day.
The programme will consist of an over
ture by the orchestra; opening address by
the president of the day, H. 0. Shaertzer;
vocal solo by Miss "Underwood; song,
"Star-spangled Banner," by grand chorus
of 200 voices, under direction of Professor
John W. McKenzie Jr., Miss Minnie
Powell, soloist; oration by Hon. J. Taylor
Rogers; barytone solo, Mr. J.P. Grodjens;
recitation, Mr. Walker; grand chorus,
"The Flag of Liberty." arranged by Pro
fessor J. W. McKenzie Jr. ; closing chorus,
"America," by grand chorus and audience.
In the evening the following programme
will be rendered: Overture, orchestra;
vocal solo, Del 13. Boraley; duet, Messrs.
Dewey and Ewing; national characters,
the Cotton children; grand expose of the
thirty-second Oriental degree, followed by
dancing.
The parade promises to be quite impos
ing and a principal feature of the celebra
tion; The order will parade with red,
white and blue pampas plumes and wear
white caps. A large delegation of mem
bers from Alameda and the interior will
be on hand to lend their assistance to
make the affair a magnificent success.
Redlands Council No. 7 has also made
elaborate preparations for a fitting obser
vance of tae day.
A parade and literary exercises, also
bicycle races in the afternoon. In the
evening a grand continental ball will con
clude the exercises of the day.
A one-half fare has been* made to the
committee by the various railroads of
Southern California for the day from adja
cent points.
• — * — ■»
Held for Grand Larceny.
Joseph Santry, a former employe at the
Ingleside racetrack, was arrested last night by
Policeman Heaphey and detained in the Seven
teenth-street police station on a charge of
grand larceny. He is accused of stealing $80
from a fellow employe, Patrick Buggy by
name, on the Ist inst.
Ex-Empress Eugenic, in her latest will,
has constituted herself the godmother of
all the male children born in France on
the birthday of her son. The number
amounts to 3834, all of whom she has re
membered in her will.
NEW TO-DAT.
Till!
After considering the suggestions of
hundreds of bright and fertile minded
correspondents I have named my new
Breakfast Food
"OTEO."
| It is quickly spoken and easily remem-
bered. The food once tried will be re-
membered as easily and sell as readily. •
TRY IT!
C. S. LAUMEISTER.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor <t Manager '
—THIS EVENING
Superh Electric Production
Of Yon Weber's Romantic Opera, in Four Acts. i
Entitled
"DER FREISCHUTZ"
/ ' " •— — OR—
"THE SEVEN CHARMED BULLETS"
The Most Wondrous Brocken Scene Ever
■ Shown in This City.
REAPPEARANCES OF
— '■ — MLLE. IDA VALERGA
MISS Xlii, MARCHI.—
Next Opera— "RlP VAN WINKLE'"
Popular Prices— 2sc and 50c.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
.miCDLAnOtR.OOTTLOD m g>-uSm a-.: ruutUCU • • • •
THE LIME
OLD KILN
X ATI E~ PUTNAM
Will Be in Everybody's Mouth
Ry To-night,
So Great Was the Enthusiasm.
A GREAT PLAY I
A GREAT PERFORMANCE
A GREAT ARTIST!
j A GREAT COMPANY OP PLAYERS!
AND SEATS RESERVED FOR
1 15 c, 25c, 50c and 75c
THEATRE I '""*•
and AND LAST WEEK OF
MR. THOMAS
KLEEW 353
And His Splendid Supporting company.
i To-night "KICHAKD III"
i Wednesday "RICHELIEU"
. Thursday ««> A MEET"
Friday "OTHELLO"
Sat. Mat "MERCHANT VENICE"
'• Saturday Night "RICHARD III"
1 Sunday "I OUTS XI"
Monday. Feb. 24-NELLIE McHENRY.
CALIFORNIA THEATER-Extra.
Al Hayman &, Co. announce
S In Three (3) Piano Recitals on
! WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON, Eeb. 19, at 2:30
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. I.. February 21, at 3:00
And for a Final Recital at the
BALDWIN THEATER
j SUNDAY EVENING... February 23, at 8:15
PRICES: &2. S3. »5, according to location.
) ,*»" Seats for afternoons at Sherman, Clay &
| Co.'s.
«ST Seats for Sunday night now ready at Baldwin
Theater box -office. ;
Steinway & Son's Piano used at all the Paderew-
ski recitals. -. .-, %. ..y , ...
BMUMONPS
KBKhpri EMTRE 'I : props.
Last 5 Nights of the Opera Season!
Last 2 Matinees— Wednesday and Satur-
day—at SI.OO, 75c and 50c.
j TAVARY GRAND OPERA CO.
! To-night (Tuesday) "LOHE
i Wed day Matinee (50c, 75c, $1) "Mi
i Wednesday Night "LUCIA*
"CAVALLERIA RUSTI
Thursday .-. "!•
! Friday "BOHEMIAN
Saturday Matinee (50c, 76c, $1)..."CA1
j Saturday Night— Double Bill— Cm
, eluding all the Company, "TitOVAT LiJL
and by Request "I' PAGLI ACCI"
Sunday Night, Feb. 2:-!— Positively Final Recital
PADEREWS 1.
Monday, February 24— FREDERICK WARDE.
GROVE-ST. THEATER
(Ret. Polk and Van Ness).
3BCBJKT3B3PXV "\7*7"JbJJfc3X5:
FOR
VETERAN GUAID, G. A. R.!
SPLENDID COMPANY! _
ATTRACTIVE RILL !
Commencing MONDAY, February 17.
Monday , a r am m
Tuesday I | A? I
Wednesday v -' *•*• *
Bffi^:;::::;;::::::::::TW0 OF I KIM)
SX?::::::::::1W OH THE BRISTOL
SATURDAY MATINEE!
PRICES lOc, 20c, 30c, 50c.
Curtain Will Rise at 8 o'clock on Tableaux In-
troducing Veteran Guard.
C^^ALCAZAR
TO-NIGHT! A GREAT SUCCESS:
Elaborate Production of the Great Master Drama
from the Immortal Goethe's Idyl,
PAUST!
The Famous Henry Irvine; Electrical Effects!
Grind and Awe-inspiring Scenery!
A Redoubtable Cast! .
JIATIMS WEHESIAI, SATURDAY AW SUNDAY!
Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c.
Night Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Monday Next— Tho Carleton Opera Co.
Seats Now on Sale.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
John A. Stevens' Great Melodrama,
"WIFE FOR WIFE!"
With DARRELL VINTON and
•' ESSIE TITTELL in the Leading Holes.
Special Matinee Washington's Birthday
Evening Prk-kj— 2sc anl 513.
Family Circle and Ga'.lerr. 10a
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Fsrrell Street. Between Stockton anl Po'»»lL '■
WEEK BEGINNING MONDAY, FEB. 1 7,
A Great List of Renowned Attractions!
j THE WILTONS \
j THE PANTZERS "";
! CARROLL JOHNSON :
: THE GARRISONS :
A N D
Our Great Company of Celebrities.
Reserved seats, 'Joe; Raicony, lUc; Oper» caalri
and Box seats. 50
THE WEATHER IS WARM, SO
Shoot the Chutes' and Trip the Trolley!
ADMISSION — - — IO CENTS.
Children (including Merry-Go-Round Ride), 10s.
PACIFIC COAST .
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)'
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. fl.
ADMISSION 81. 00. '
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot,' leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. M.
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand I
stand, $!. Take Mission electric line direct
to track.
. A. R. SPRECKELS. W. S. LEAKE.
President. Secretary.
78
CATHODE RAY WONDERS
Professor Sanford Explains
Crooke's Tubes, Ether Vibra
tions and X Rays.
WAVES WITH A NEW WIGGLE^
The Great Thing That Roentgen's Dis
covery May Be and Things That
It Is Not.
Professor Fernando Sanford of the de
partment of physics of the Stanfora Uni
versity has just received a letter from his
associate, Professor Carmen, who is now
in Berlin, and who has investigated Roent
gen's photographs with his X or un
known rays. Professor Carmen doesn't
say very much, but what he does say
comes from a scientist.
"I saw Roentgen's photographs the
other day," writes Carmen in the course
of his letter, "and heard Warburg, pro
fessor of physics in the "University of Ber- I
lin, and others discuss them. Lummerhad
also seen then), and there seems to be no j
doubt about the reality of the phenomenon. :
* * * The photograph of the hand, in
which only the bones and the ring are
shown, is very striking. It is, however,
not very sharp. A photograph of a mag
netic compass in a wooden case, photo
graphed through the case, is very sharp- I
indeed. We know as much here as any,
where, but there is yet no consensus of
opinion as to what the phenomenon really •
is. The natural idea is that they are lon
gitudinal ether waves. They are, how- '
ever, very faint."
Professor Sanford is a widely known
physicist, who has made some important
discoveries in physical science, the most
important of which were his photographs
in the dark, with the so-called Hertzian
waves, made three years ago, and he is '
naturally keenly interested in Professor !
Roentgen's startling discovery of unseen
shadows, not made with light, and of a
way to tix them on photographic plates.
Sanford has experimented a little with
Roentgen's process, and has secured faint
results, but be has not had ready for use
the proper apparatus, and is not ready to
talk about his experiments.
He talKed about Roentgen's work, how
ever, yesterday, at the university, and ex
plained, in a way that people of ordinary
intelligence can understand, what Roent
gen's discovery may possibly be. The :
scientists are only guessing at the new
thing yet, though many have opinion
"The point of chief scientific interest in
the matter, which is the theory by which
Roentgen and others explain the phe
nomenon, the papers say tittle or nothing
about," said Professor Sanford. "That is,
that he has discovered a new form of
motion or vibration in the ether vibra- ;
tions that are longitudinal instead of
transverse to the Tine of progress. I :
would not express any definite opinion
about it. It would be only guessing, and
there is plenty of guessing going on. It is
a scientist's business to guess, but to find
out fore he talks. A large part of the
stuff and most of the pictures the papers
pub are necessarily fakes. It is but
natural that there should be a good deal of
slopping over about such a thing, of
course. * It is too early to make any
uetir.ite predictions as to what scientific or
practical value the discovery will have,
out it is, of course, a thing of great in
terest to physicists, and it may extend our
knowledge wonderfully."
Then the physicist led the way into a
big laboratory, full of all sorts of costly
scientific apparatus, and elucidated some
what the story (if Roentgen's X rays.
The discovery and the process of Profes
ior Roentgen (call it Kantgen, with a,
short a and a hard g) began with a
Crooke's tube, and the professor picked
up a Crooke's tube and connected it by
two wires with an induction coil, which
was in turn connected with a two-cell bat
tery. A Crooke's tube arranged for use is
a hollow sealed shell of glass of any size or
Ehape, from which the air has been very
marly but not quite exhausted, and into '
which run platinum wires connected with
the opposite poles of a battery.
The bulb of an incandescent electric !
lieht is a pretty good Crooke's tube. The ;
one that Professor Sanford picked up
was made to show extra effects. It was of i
two compartments— one a small one— be- I
tween which there was free connection :
through a slender glass tube bent double j
and then into the form of a cross. Air or 1
fluid passing between the compartments i
would go up, around and back through I
the cross. Ihe professor set the current at ]
work and instantly the Crooke's tube be- i
came a thing of beauty. Around one of
the wire ends at one end of the tube there ■
appeared a purple glow that was simply a
mass of fluorescence in the vacuum. The
wire itself gave out no light. At the other
end of the tube was a much smaller fluor
escence. The glass cross glowed with a
beautiful greenish light, which seemed to j
stream through the cross but not leave it.
Now, this Crooke's tube, as it lay there j
glowing with its strange light, was ready!
to produce one of Roentgen's photographs ;
if things had been lixed right around it.!
Vibrations of some sort — X rays —
were surely beaming from it in all direc
tions, Bbisme through the box on which the
tube lay, as sunlight would shine through i
a glass case, and if the reporter had I
The Apparatus by Which Professor Sanford Photographs With Invisible Hertzian
Waves.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.}
possessed a sense capable of perceiving
those rays he might have seen before him
the skeleton of the professor of physics as
one might see tron or wooden bones in a
glass manikin when the white sunlight
shone through it.
But now don't think that this pretty
light, the vibrations that the human eye
is capable of perceiving, would have any
thing to do with the Roentgen photo
graph. Scientists would have said so,
until Roentgen accidentally discovered
something the other day, that arrange
ment of batten', induction coil • and
vacuum was setting up different kinds of
vibratory motions that variously rolled
out through the surrounding ether, air
and solid substances, as a Big turbine
wheel, for instance, might cause all sorts
of heavy and light, slow and rapid, shak
ings through the water and the mill. If
that arrangement had been set up before a
scientist a few centuries ago the only phe
nomenon he would have perceived would
have been the glow of light, because the
particular vibrations producing it are the
only ones of the lot that man happens to
have a sense to perceive.
Since a century and more ago when man
learned by experiment to recognize the
electric current by its effect on something
besides sense, the ordinary force of the
electric current would have been recog
nized in that simple arrangement of Pro
fessor Sanford's.
That makes two things that would have
been the limit of the forces of nature
: which man would have perceived that ar
rangement on the laboratory table setting
into activity up to a very "few years ago.
Then Hertz found a new sort of vibrations
proceeding from an induction coil and es
pecially from the neighborhood of an elec
tric discharge and these are now called
; Hertzian waves. They are not light, heat,
'or the electric current. They are vibra
tions that flow outward from their source
like light from a thing that glows, and un
til Hertz stumbled on them so recently
nobody ever dreamed that such things
! were bustling about in the universe. These
Hertzian waves Professor Sanford knew to
! be in operation there.
And now comes Professor Roentgen
( with the discovery that from this arrange
; ment described there proceeds what is be
i lieved to be a kind of vibration more dis
: tinct from the other sorts than the Hertzian
waves are from light. No sense can per
! ceive it, and it is being recognized and
studied by its effects, noticed now for the
first time. It illustrates how little man is
capable of perceiving. This was the way
Professor Sanford talked over his Crooke's
tube:
"There are many peculiar phenomena
which take place in Crooke's tube, and
they have been studied for about fifteen
years. If the air is entirely exhausted
there can be no spark produced in one.
They are generally exhausted to from the
one-thousandth to the one ten-thousanth
part of an atmosphere. The end of the
wire connected with the negative pole of
the battery is called the cathode, and the
effect appears to proceed from the cathode.
When the current is started the particles
of rarefied gas are electrified and driven off
from the cathode with great force.
"If there is sufficient gas it becomes
luminous tnrough the particles striking
each other. When the particles can reach
the walls of the tube and pound against
them, they set up a fluorescence in the
glass. I'robabiy they cause the glass to
set up light vibrations in the ether. The
cathode rays are not the X rays of Roent
gen, nor are they rays of light. They are
the steams of gas "particles as they are
repelled from the cathode, and it is rather
their effect which is talked about.
"If I put certain substances near this
tube they will likewise fluoresce as has
been known for some time. It has not
been known that the cathode rays would
produce the same effect when the fluores
cence was hidden, though it had been dis
covered that when a tiny sheet of alumi
num is set in the tube like a pane of glass
the cathode rays striking on this opaque
window would produce a fluorescence in a
proper substance placed behind it.
"Roentgen accidentally discovered in
his laboratory that a sheet of paper moist
ened with double cyanide of barium and
platinum and left near a Crooke's tube
when the tube was covered with a black
cloth would show fluorescent effects, show
ing that the cloth was transparent to the
cause of the fluorescence. He followed
this discovery with his experiments. The
effects secured can hardly be explained by
any knowledge or theories held before.
The rays from the Crooke's tube, which
produced Roentgen's new fluorescent ef
fects and later his photographic effects
after passing through wood and flesh, are,
of course, not light, and they are not
Hertzian waves evidently. His theory is
that the gaseous particles, striking against
the glass, produce a vibration which sets
up waves or vibrations in the ether dif
ferent from any other kind of motion. He
thinks that they are longitudinal ether
waves.
* "We have no sense that enables us to
take cognizance of the ether as we can of
light and heat, but we know that light
and radiant heat are vibrations in an elas
tic medium, and we call that medium the
ether. It must pervade all bodies, because
some form of radiation can pass through
all bodies at a velocity far greater than it
would be if the bodies themselves trans
mitted it. The ether is as real to physicists
as matter. We know only one kind of
ether waves, and they are now all included
in the term radiation. We know no limit
to their lengths. One very small octave
in the range of wave lengths we can per
ceive by the eye as light.
"Now, every kind of ether waves or vi
brations that we know anything about
can be reflected, refracted and polarized.
"We also know that all the kinds of ether
waves with which we are acquainted are
transverse vibrations; that is, the vibra
tions are back and forth across the line or
plane of motion, like waves in water or in
a rope when it is shaken, or like the vibra
tions of a string. When we speculate
about Roentgen's rays being longitudinal
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1896.
Hand, photographed from life on January 17, 1890, X rays being used after the method of Professor Roentgen in the
Physical Staat Laboratory of Hamburg. The plates, while the picture was taken, were lying in a closed box. The
rays had to penetrate the hand, as well as the wooden cover of the box.
[Reproduced from a. photograph made in Hamburg. Sent by Henri Windel, Berlin.]
vibrations in the ether we mean that they
are liKe sound vibrations, in which the vi
brations are back and forth on the line of
motion without crossing it. In sound vi
brations tte air goes out on a straight
line, stops with a condensation and goes
on again. Sound is the only kind of longi
tudinal vibrations we know anything
about.
"It has been recognized by physicists
! that there is no theoretical "reason why
j there should not be longitudinal in
; the ether, but it has been supposed that the
| ether was so nearly incompressible- that
i the waves would have almost infinite
j velocity and length and hence could not
ibe perceived. All elastic bodies, solid,
: liquid and gaseous, transmit, longitudinal
• waves, and as the ether is an elastic body
it would certainly transmit them too.
i Roentgen has discovered that his new rays
i cannot be reflected, refracted or polarized,
as we can do with all known kinds of ether
\ vibrations. So Roentgen thinks that lie
has discovered a new kind of radiation.
What longitudinal ether waves would do
we do not know.
"Whatever Roentgen's discovery may
j b-5 it is an important find. Anything that
; will throw light on electrical phenomena
I is of value to science. We are calling on
the ether to explain heat, light and elec
trical effects, and probably all effects
which we class under chemical and mag
• netic attractions and repulsions, and even
i gravitation, as far as we have any hope of
. explaiuing it.
"It should be remembered that we have
before produced photographs with electrical
i waves not luminous, and others have done
i to a certain extent what Roentgen has
done and without the aid of light, except,
j we can refract and reflect the waves which
, have been presumed to produce the effects.
: In 1893 I produced photographs in the dark
! with the use of electrical waves, and I have
attributed them to the Hertzian waves. It
j is barely possible that my pictures were
' due to the X rays.
! "A great general misconception about
! Roentgen's discovery and its possibilities
i would be corrected if it were remembered
that his rays cannot be reflected by any
i thing or refracted by a lens of any sub
stance. Hence no image can be produced.
The rays pass through substances trans
j parent or translucent to them and cast
shadows on the negative which are fixed
there. It is wholly the fixation of shad
ows. The bones of the hand being opaque
to the rays cast their shadow on the plate
when the rays pass through the hand. The
negatives used are prepared for the effect
of light. Negatives better adapted to these
rays may be expected to be invented."
Professor Sanford set up the simple ap
paratus by which he photographed coins
and so on in the dark three years ago.
Two wires were run from an induction coil
connected with a battery. A thin little
box was the whole photograph gallery.
One wire was passed into the box on each'
side. One wire connected with a medal
fastened to the side of the box. The other
wire connected with a metal plate facing
the medal. Between the two was slipped
a negative shut up in a plate-holder and
the current turned on. The experiment
was not carried through, but if it had been
the plate, after fifteen or twenty minutes,
would have shown, on development, a fair
picture of the medal. Sanford's theory is
or was that the Hertzian waves beamed
back and forth between the medal and the
metal plate, passing through both the nega
tive and its case, which ere transparent
to these mysterious new Hertzian vibra
tions. The medal becomes, as it were,
glowing with unseen Hertzian waves, to
which the wood is as glass. The raised
parts of the medal being nearer the nega
tive, though ever so little,, would produce
a deeper effect for that reason, and this
effect would be reproduced in the printing.
But then maybe it was longitudinal waves
in there. - , .
A GREAT DISCOVERY.
The J. Ray May Oblige Us to Rearrange Our
Ideas.
The Call is in receipt of Professor Roent
gen's communication to the Wurzburg
Physical Society, entitled "A New i Form
of Radiation." In his pamphlet the pro
fessor advances the theory that the new
rays, improperly called cathode rays, are
longitudinal vibrations of the ether. He
does not profess to know absolutely what
they are even that they are rays" at all.
But Jaumann in a paper on "Longitudinal
Light" argues that this theory will ac
count for many obscure phenomena asso
ciated with the cathode rays discovered
by Lenard. y •
yln ' his pamphlet Professor Roetgen
says: ' . t
If we pass the discharge from a large Rubm
fcorff coil through a Hittorf or a sufficiently
exhausted Lenard, Crooke's, or similar appa
ratus, and cover the tube with a somewhat
closely fitting mantle of thin black cardboard,
we observe in a completely darkened room
mat a paper screen washed with barium
platino-cyanide lights up brilliantly and
fluoresces equally well, whether the treated
side or the other be turned toward the dis
charged tube. Fluorescence is still observable
two meters away from the apparatus. It is
easy to convince one's self that the cause of
the fluorescence is the discharge apparatus
and nothing else. " y y ' ;-' • •* "
most striking feature of this phenome
non is that an Influence (agens) capable of ex
citing brilliant fluorescence is able to pass
through the black cardboard cover, which
transmits none of the ultra-violet rays of the
sun or of the electric arc, and one" immedi
ately inquires whether other bodies possess
this property. It is soon discovered that all
bodies are transparent to this influence, but in
very different degrees. A few examples will
suffice: Paper is very transparent; the fluo
rescent screen held behind a volume of 1000
pages still lighted up brightly: the printer's
ink offered no perceptible obstacle. Fluores
cence was also noted behind two packs of
cards ; a few cards held between apparatus and
screen made no perceptible difference. A single
sheet of tinfoil is scarcely noticeable; only
after several layers have been laid on the top
of each other is a shadow clearly visible on the
The Crooke's Tube That Fluoresced and Beamed X Rays in Professor Sanford's
Laboratory.
[Sketched by a "CaU" artist.]
screen. Thick blocks of wood are also trans
parent; fir planks 2cm. to 3cm. thick are but
very slightly opaque. A film of aluminum
about 15mm. thick weakens the effect very
considerably, although it does not entirely
destroy the fluorescence. Several centimeters
of vulcanized indiarnbber let the rays
through. Glass plates of the same thickness
behave in a different way, according as they
contain lead (flint glass)" not; the former
are much less transparent than the latter.
If the hand be held between the discharging
tube and tho screen the dark shadow of the
bones is visible within the slightly dark
shadow of the hand. Water, bisulphide of
carbon and various other liquids behave in
this respect as if they were very transparent.
I was not able to determine whether water was
more transparent than air. Behind plates of
copper, silver, lead, gold, platinum, fluores
cence Is still clearly visible, but only when the
plates are not too thick. Platinum o.2mm.
thick is transparent; silver and copper sheets
may be decidedly thicker. Lead ,I.smm.
thick is as good as opaque, and was on this ac
count often made use of. A wooden rod of
20x20mm. cross section, painted white, with
lead paint on one side, behaves in a peculiar
manner. When it is interposed between ap- I
paratus and screen it has almost no effect when i
the X rays go through the rod parallel to the
painted side, but it throws a dark shadow if
the t rays have to traverse the paint. Very
similar to the metals themselves are their salts,
whether solid or in solution.
These experimental results and others lead
to the conclusion that the transparency of dif
ferent substances, of the same thickness is
mainly conditioned by their density: no other
property is in the least comparable with | this.
The following experiments, however, show
that density is not altogether alone in its in
fluence. I experimented on the transparency
of nearly the same thickness of glass,, alum
inum, calcspar and quartz. The density of
these substances is nearly, the same, and yet it
was quite evident that the spar was decidedly
] less transparent than the other bodies, which
were very much like each other in their be
! havior. I have not observed c?.lcspar fluoresce
in a manner comparable with glass.
With increasing thickness all bodies be
come less transparent. In order to rind a law
connecting transparency with thickness I
I made some photographic observations, the
j photographic plate being partly covered with
1 tin increasing number of sheets of tinfoil.
I Photometric measurements will be undertaken
when I am in possession of a suitable photo
! meter.
The retina of the eye is not susceptible to
these rays. An eye brought close up to the
1 discharge apparatus perceives nothing, al
though, accordiug to experiments made, the
media contained in the eye are fairly trans
! parent.
A number of experiments are cited as
showing that the X rays cannot be re
fracted or reflected, and, therefore, cannot
: be concentrated by lenses.- Neither, he
says, can they be deflected by a magnet.
; His experiment showing that the cathode
rays and the X rays are different is re
lated as follows :
After experiments bearing specially. on this
question (deflection by magnet), it is certain
that the spot on the wall of the discharge ap
paratus which flouresces most decidedly must '■
I be regarded as the principal point of the radia-
i tion of the X rays in all directions. The X
[ rays thus start from the point at which, ac
i cording to the researches of different Investi
gators, the cathode rays impinge upon the
wall of the glass tube. If one deflects the ca
thode rays within the apparatus by a magnet,
it is' found that the X rays are emitted from
another spot— is to say, from the new ter
mination of the cathode stream.
On this account also, the X rays, which are
| not deflected, cannot be merely unaltered re
flected cathode rays passing through the glass
; wall. The greater density of the glass outside
j the discharge tube cannot, according to Len
| ard, be made responsible for the great differ-
I ence in the "deflec lability."
| 1 therefore come to the conclusion that the
i X rays are not identical with the cathode rays,
i but that they are generated by the cathode
I rays at the glass wall of the discharge
apparatus; , .
I 1 his excitation does not only taKe place in
; glass, but also in aluminum, as I : was able to
; ascertain with an apparatus closed by a sheet
of aluminum 2mm. thick. Other substances
I will be studied later on.
The article continues:
The justification for -giving the name of
i "rays" to the influence 1 emanating from the
: wall of the discharge apparatus depends
I partly on the very regular shadows which
i they form when one interposes more or less
j transparent bodies between the -. apparatus
j and the fluorescing screen or: photographic
plate. Many such shadow pictures, the for
! mation of which possesses a special charm,
j have I observed photographically. - For ex
! ample, I possess photographs of the shadow
,of . the profile of the door • separating the
j room in which was the discharge apparatus
j from the room in which was the photographic
plate; also photographs of the shadows of
the bones of the hand, of the shadow of a wire
wound on a ; wooden j spool, of a weight In
closed in a small box, of a compass in which
the magnetic needle is completely surrounded
by metal, of a piece of metal the lack of
homogeneity of which was brought out by me
X rays, etc. - . y, ... . . • |
To show the rectilinear propagation oi -the I
X rays there i* a pin-hole photograph, which I
I was able to take by means of the discharge
apparatus covered with black paper. Ihe
image is weak, but unmistakably correct.
I looked very carefully for interference phe
nomena with X rays, but unfortunately, per- '
haps only on account of the small intensity of ;
the rays, without success.
Researches to determine whether electro
static forces affect X rays in any way have
been begun, but are not completed.
WHAT X-RAYS ARK.
If we ask what X rays, which certainly can
not be cathode rays, really are, we are led at
first sight, owing to their powerful fluorescing
and chemical properties/to think of ultra
violet light. But we immediately encounter
serious objections. If X rays be in reality
ultra-violet light this light must possess tho
following characteristics:
(a) It must show no perceptible refraction
on passing from air into water, bisulphide of
carbon, aluminum, rock salt, zinc, etc.
(b) It must not be regularly reflected to any
appreciable extent from the above bodies.
(c) It must not be polarizable by the usual
means.
(d) Its absorption must not be influenced by
any of the properties of substances to the same
extent as it is by their density.
. In other word's, we must assume that these
ultra-violet rays behave in quite a different
manner to any infra-red, visible or ultra-violet
rays hitherto known. I could not bring myself
to this conclusion, and I have, therefore, sought
another explanation.
There seems at least some connection be
tween the new rays aud light rays in the
shadow pictures, and in the fluorescing and
chemical activity of both kinds of rays. Now,
it has been long'known that besides the trans
verse light vibrations, longitudinal.vibrations
might take place in the ether, and, according
to the view of diil'erent physicists, must take
place. Certainly their existence has not up
till now been made evident, and their proper
ties have not on that account been experi
mentally investigated.
May not the new rays be due to longitudinal
vibrations in the ether?
I must admit that I have put more and more
faith in this idea in the course of my research,
and it behooves me, therefore, to announce my
suspicion, although I know well that this ex
planation requires further corroboration.
WVKZBUKG i'HYSIKAL IN'STITCT DEE UNIVER3I-
tat, December, 1895.
In commenting editorially on this com
munication, the London Electrician has
this to say:
It may not be without interest at the present j
moment to recall the main points of difference i
and of similarity between Roentgen and i
Lenard rays— to use two brief and convenient
expressions. Roentgen rays are not deflected
by a magnet; Lenard rays are. Roentgen rays
suffer far less absorption and diffusion than
Lenard rays. Lenard found that his cathode
rays failed to pass through anything but the
thinnest soap films, glass and aluminum foil,
etc. ; the Roentgen variety will traverse sev
eral centimeters of wood and several milli
meters of metal or glass. Roentgen was able
to take "shadowgraphs" and detect fluores
cence 200 centimeters away from the
discharge tube; six or eight centimeters
were enough to wipe out Lenard rays in air
at atmospheric pressure, and even in hydro
gen gas. at only 0".01(>4 millimeters pressure,
the "radiation length" for cathode rays was
only 130 centimeters, hydrogen at atmos
pheric pressure behaving as a decidedly tor
pid medium. These are, however, rather dif
ferences in degree than in kind. Lenard rays
emanate, of course, from the cathode itself,
but Roentgen rays, according to their dis
coverer, start from 'the luminiscent spot on
the glass wall of the discharge tube at which
the cathode rays terminate. The points of
similarity between Roentgen and Lenard rays
are their photographic activity, their recti
linear prooagatlon (as evidenced by the sharp
shadows cast) and the fact that In both cases
it would seem the total mass of molecules i
contained in unit volume ot any substance
practically determines its transparency. All I
things tend to show that we are on the verge '
of a great scientific discovery, which may
oblige us, nolens volens, to "rearrange our j
ideas."
ROBBED WHILE AT LUNCH
Sneak-Thieves Entered S. Son
nenfeld's Store on Kearny
Street.
Customers' Jewels Left to Be Repaired
Are Taken — Not the First *
Attempt.
While S. Sonnenfeld was at luncheon
yesterday noon his store at 321 Kearny
street was, he declares, entered by a sneak
thief, a Yale lock having been picked to
gain admission.
When the proprietor returned to his
place of business about 1 o'clock he at
once missed the contents of a jewel tray,
and an examination disclosed the loss of a
number of tides of jewelry which differ
ent individuals had left with him to be re
paired.
Mr. Sonnenfeld says the intrinsic value
of the jewels was $200, but that he pre
sumes many of them have an additional
value to their owners through certain as
sociations.
This, it seems, is not the first time such
a theft has been attempted during the
noon hour. About a month ago Mr. Son
nenfeld happened to return from luncheon
earlier than usual and found a kit of tools
in his store, but whoever owned them had
disappeared.
STREET ACCIDENTS.
Several People Injnred by Vehicles on
Public Thoroughfares.
Julius Olsen, a street sweeper, was run
into yesterday forenoon about 10 o'clock
while at work on Fillmore street, the shaft
of a buggy driven by Sanford J. Lewald
striking him violently in the right breast.
The injured man was at once taken to the
Lane Hospital near by. A
showed that one rib had been fractured.
Olsen is a man about 40 years of a»e
and lives at 337 Clementina street. Al
though he was suffering much pain yester
day afternoon the hospital authorities as
sert that he ought to be out and about in a
we^k or two. '«';; iy yy
Freddie Qutlici, the six-year-old son of
Venanzio Quilici. living at 1617 Powell
street, wa3 struck by a milk wagon at 2
o'clock yesterday afternoon and was se
verely bruised about the mouth and tem
ples. The child had suddenly dashed out
from behind a bakery wagon standing
near the curb and it was only through the
presence of mind of T. N. Belden, the
driver of the milk wagon, in swinging and
stopping his team, that a more serious ac
cident was avoided. A charge of battery
was entered against Belden pending an ex
amination as to the extent of the child's
injuries, rJeiden was afterward released
and exonerated from blame.
J. J. Scoville, secretary of the Veterans'
Home Association, had a rib broken last
Saturday afternoon while out driving near
Yountville. He had stopped to water his
horse at a stream when the animal became
frightened and dashed forward, hurling
Mr. Scoville to the ground. The wheels j
passed over him. The six-year-old child i
of Director Strohl was in the buggy at the I
time and was hurled into the water but j
was not hurt.
St. Louis is the largest tobacco manufac
turing center in the world.
SOC TRIAL SETS
,*4&£^^iJlll^ Choice Bulbs and Plants.
w e prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
\f^^^^^m^>^\ Set A-3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants 50c
Jlfl/l^isisraE^O^ * B- 10^^ Carnations, 10 sorts SOc 1
aWtml \&%V%&3&fr4s>a^ Jr.e - w »nning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c Any
IWmkfflLWM^Sm F~l rrS^rt i doub L c Petunia ». 5 kinds 50c 3 SetS
f HOC TRIAL SETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants.
W e prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Planta.
Set £~?« B . auti ! ul Pa,m ». 3 sorts, strong plants 50c
J*-* 0 Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts SOc Any
<g-V 0 Pnze-winmng Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c ADy
D-5 Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 SetS
s~fJ^"d large-fiowercd deraniums, 5 kiuds..soc  „
WIWIM^KNv^ M\ # v ' 1 Alm Ele £ ant everblooming Roses, 10 kinds 50c -J? «■
K ~ lO Flowering Plants, viz: 1 Fuchsia, 1 Heliotrope, $ I - 25
x ' 1 Mancttia Vine, 1 Carnation, 1 Geranium, or
V'/wVuJJ I Solaum, 1 Petunia, 1 Aoutilon, 1 Hydran- • 5 Sets
IMI; - Bea, 1 Chrysanthemum.... 50c ° l
OVinlPt Phnto r:n« 3 p lants New Ca,if - violet, *:?*
4 xio^^^^^^. [£ ""'»»■ HdIUS, QUC. 3 . ad - MUot - 3 Sawnley $2^P
«^^^^^di^^ Send for OUr lUust ™ ted Catalogue. It contains a
S^^m}' :i m*BaWtf 1,1 y* ~ . complete list of our Flower, Vegeta-
p t s; i^ ra^,V S 1 ,' r'. Tree a » d Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
* nuts our latest importations from Germany, France, Poland
table See^y^cOY op Fft A S^S"^* 52? "f^ ? **"" **
COX SEED AND PLANT CO., San Francisco .
411, 413 Sensome Street
NEED NOT GROW OLD.
Some Splendid Suggestion* to Men and
Women In Middle Life.
"A man is as old as he feels, a woman as old
as she looks." The number of years is of less
importance. There are thousands of old peo
ple who seem to be always young, and many .
would gladly learn the secret of i their wonder
ful energy, strength and vigor . r ■ ; /
Why is it that these remarkable old people
are able to keep so strong and veil ? Whyis it
that they are never complaining of colds,
coughs, grip, chills or other forms of sickness?
Perhaps the secret may be discovered by read
ing what some vigorous people of advanced
age have to say on the subject.
Melson Johnson, a leading resident of Knox
ville, Pa., says: "Some time ago I decided to
test the virtues of Duffy's pure malt whiskey.
It completely cured me of the grip from which
I whs Buffering. lam 82 years ot age, and find
that a little of this whiskey is the best thing
for keeping up health and strength that I ever
John Peddicord,ls Bond st., Baltimore, says:
"I am neaflv 90 years of age. Some time ago I
contracted a severe cough, which weakened
me considerably. I was fortunately persuaded
to take Duffy's pure malt whiskey, which soon
set me to rights. It is a splendid thing for
building up the system."
These are only two cases selected from thou
sands, but they are enough to show that Duffy s
pure malt is unequalea for its bracing, ener
gizing, stimulating effects. For this reason
care should be taken that no worthless imita
tion is substituted by grocers or druggists. Do
not be led to take anything but Duffy's pure
malt whiskey. Be sure that you get it, for
there's nothing else that can possibly take its ■
place. __________
"bazaw*
THAT \
TRUSS=FRAME
MEANS •
THE "FOWLER!"
'96 MODELS
NOW IN. \
SJD3D THE '&%
FOWLER TANDEM
JUST RECEIVED. \
AGENTS WASTED 11 EVERY- CHI-
AGENTS ALSO V
FOR THE \
"BEN-HUR,'
The Best Bicycle Made \
FOR $85.00. . \
BICYCLE REPAIRING A SPECIALTY \
Full Line of Bicycle Sundries. \
at Lowest Prices.
ZBU4?i4yZ _/
Ely's Cream BabKgjSn
Cleanses the Nasal Wi^ :^Af^l.." , l
Passages. Allays Pain yuSrrvrL^a^J
and Inflammation, KjU *"EVER V M
Restores the Senses of Sbjs i/.^,y
Taste and Smell. M v S^^K
Heals the Sores. Wt^f^
Apply Halm Into each nostril wmmVkiZXKi^l^^Sk
KLYIiKOS,S6WarrSu st.N.Y mmWZS^^f^^jM
A DELIGHTFUL HOME.
St. Joseph's Sanitarium.
THIS INSTITUTION IS UNDER THE MAN.
agement of the Sisters of Mercy. Invalids re-
ceive the best of care and fine rooms at reasonable
rates. Persons or old age, without reference to
creed or nationality, may secure a home for life
Including care and medical attendance durin»
sickness by the payment of from one to two
thousand dollars. Each person is provided with a
private room. Climate unsurpassed, being free
from extremes of heat and cold. Sixth street and
University avenue, Sun Diego, Cal.
. A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary ana .
tertiary cases of blood disease. No case in-
curable. New cases cured in two weeks. Con-
sultation and full information free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
Koom 1, 632 Market St.. San Francisco.
TSTHEVERY REST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUB
J- eyes and flt them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses
with instruments of his own Inveutioa, warn*
superiority has not been equated. My success Ml
wen due to the merits ot my world
Office Hours— l 2 to 4v. v.
HEALTH RESORTS.
in st. mm siHTAtim,
ST. HELENA, NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
A RATIONAL HEALTH RESORT!
Send for Circular.MOORE TAKES
WILLIAMS' SCALP.
The Custom -House Inter
preter Is Suddenly-
Suspended.
WAS A BIG SURPRISE.
Reasons Why the Investigation
Before the Collector Was
Cut Short.
INSTRUCTIONS FROM CARLISLE.
The Examination of Inspector Martin
Cieary Will Not Be Continued
To-Day.
There was an air of mystery about the
private office of Collector of the Port Wise
yesterday. It was all owing to the investi
gation into the alleged irregular conduct
of Customs Interpreter Richard Williams.
It was whispered that the interpreter had
been suspended. This impression was
strengthened as the day wore on, and the
mystery deepened.
Williams had been charged by Special
Agent of the Treasury Moore with using
his office as a Chinese immigration bureau.
It had even been said of him that he aided
and abetted in the unlawful landing at
this port of Chinese girls of tender years —
girls who were destined to a life of shame
and degredation in darkest Chinatown.
Whether or not these charges are true has
not been fully demonstrated. Nevertheless
the fact remains that the accused inspector
has been suspended by instructions from
Secretary of the Treasury Carlisle at
Washington.
The investigation into the charges
against Williams was to have been con
tinued before Collector Wise yesterday
afternoon, but when the hour arrived for
the formal opening of the inquisition
there was a perceptible absence of the
chief witness and his attending sup
porters. Special Agent Moore was
promptly on hand. He wore the regula
tion military whisker on his chin and a
Monday-mornine smile of a new brand.
This smile he turned on Chief Clerk
Jerome as he passed through the room of
the latter and entered the sanctum sanc
torum of the head of the department. It
was ooserved before the big door
closed on the major that the Collector
did not even look up from his desk.
\\ hether or not the Collector again tapped
the major on the chest, as he is wont to do,
is another story. It is a story that will
never be told. There is reason to believe,
however, that while the conference was
not satisfactory to both sides it was in a
measure peaceful and even friendly.
While the conference was in progress
Thief Clerk Jerome ventured to whistle
"The Warrior Bold" in the outer office.
This seemed to console the few timid
friends that Major Moore has about the
big brown building, for they at once j
accepted it as a compliment to the special
; ._<nt, who had the courage to beard the
iion in nis den. y 4 'ff3'|
At the conclusion of the conference be
tween Collector Wise and Major Moore no
one in authority wanted to" talk, while
those who were not in authority did noth
ing else but talk.
••Will the investigation in the Williams
case go on to-day?" was asked of Collector
Wi«e.
"There will be no investigation," an
swered the Collector, without looking up
i'rom bis desk. Vs]
'Does that mean that the investigation
ha? been dropped?"
"Ask Major Moore," was the reply.
Major Moore was found at his office in
the lederal building.
"When will the charges against In
spector Williams be investigated?" was
asked of the special agent.
"I don't know," was the response.
' Has the investigation been dropped?"
"Ask Collector Wise," came the reply.
But these officials were unable to keep
the matter a secret. It leaked out during
the day that instructions had been re
ceived by the Collector from Washington
to suspend Williams pending an investiga
tion into the charges preferred by Moore
i v the Treasury Department. This does
away with an investigation before Collector
Wise and Moore has virtually won first
blood in the fight against the Custom
house.
The case against Martin Cleary will not
be continued before Commissioner Hea
cock this morning, as was expected. The
defense is ready to proceed, but Moore has
not got his witnesses together as yet. It
is thought that the case against Cleary is
rather weak and unless Moore makes a
good showing the reflection will be against
him.
The fight between Moore and the Col- !
lector is just beginning to get warm, and :
what the outcome will be is a matter of |
speculation. Collector Wise has a habit '.
of standing by his friends through all I
kinds of weather. The more stormy the j
weather the more steadfast is his friend- i
ship. This is one of the reasons why he!
and Major Moore can never love each j
other. The major has sought the removal
of persons directly under the Collector. '
Ana the more he protested that they must >
be removed the more the Collector insisted
they should remain. Hence the begin- \
ning of the battle that now rages by day I
and night.
District Attorney Foote said yesterday
that he would probably allow the United j
States Grand Jury to investigate the
charges against Cleary and Wong Sam, j
but had not fully made up his mind in the ;
matter. :
INFLUX OF EXCURSIONISTS.
Several Large Parties Booked to Leave
■ for California.
According to announcements now being
made there is to be an influx of tourists
this spring far in excess of anything that
has occurred before.
On the 13th inst. the fourteenth of the
annual pleasure excursions under the
management of C. L. Bornham left Boston
for a grand tour of sixty-two days to in
teresting points in Colorado. California
and intermediate territory. This party
will reach Los Angeles on the 22d inst.,
and the eastbound journey from San
Francisco will commence on March 24, the
intervening time being spent in sight
teeing in this State.
On the same day as the foregoing an
other excursion party under the manage
ment of Nason .v. Durgin will leave Boston
for a tour of forty-one days through Cali
fornia.
No: 7 of the Raymond & Whitcomb ex
cursions will leave New Orleans with
ninety-five people on February 19 for the
trip to California. On the same train will
be a party of eighty, who will make what
is known as the Mexican-California tour.
A month will be spent in Mexico and then
California will be visited.
The participants in the Golden Gate
tour of the Pennsylvania excursions will
leave New Orleans over the Sunset route
on the 19th inst. and arrive at Los Angeles
on the 25th, whence they will do Cali
fornia.
P. E. Richards, the financial' agent of
the Maine Central Railroad, is announced
to leave New Orleans with a party of
mends to-morrow. They will have the
Pullman oar lolanthe tor their special use.
After the 20th the Sunset limited train
will have three standard sleepers attached
instead of two, as Heretofore, owing to the
increased demand for accommodations on
these trains.
MORE FUN THAN FIGHT.
Little Danger of the Chinese High
binder War Breaking Out.
Sergeant McManu?, at the head of the
Chinatown squad of policemen, has no
fear of a war between the opposition high
binder factions. The recent cutting and
shooting scrapes of Saturday and Sunday
nights he believes to be purely personal
difficulties which might arise at any time
without involving the associations to
which the men belong.
Whether it is that the bruiting of the
recent murderous attacks, or that the ex
citement of Chinese New Year is on the
wane, the number of Caucasian visitors to
the Mongolian quarters has diminished
quite notably. At the Chinese Consul-
General's office a Call reporter was in
formed that it was quite unlikely that the
highbinder feud was about to break out.
"As a rule," stated one of the English
speaking attaches, "these shooting scrapes
occur before the holidays or after them.
Seldom has there been any trouble be
tween private individuals over personal
affairs. The consulate has issued no proc-
The Steamer Willamette Coming to an Anchor After Being Steered With Booms From Mendocino to
San Francisco.
[Sketched by a " Call " artist.]
lamation or paper of any kind to remind
the Chinese here that they must keep the
peace. That would be quite unnecessary,
as the law-abiding element is not in need
of such advice and the highbinders would
not heed it. However, we believe that for
a week or two more all of the people of
Chinatown will be too taken up with their
own pleasures to think of fighting."
THE POISON IN ALCOHOL.
The League of the Cross Ad
dressed on the Sub
ject.
Dr. Clinton Delivered an Address
Before a Large Meeting at the
Parish Church.
The St. Paul's parish branch of the
. League of the Cross held a rally last even
ing in St. Paul's Church, corner of
Twenty-ninth and Church streets. There
was a very large attendance, including
junior and senior divisions Of the league,
and parishioners, men and women, so
that the large hall was crowded. The stage
was decorated with American flags, and
amid this patriotic ornamentation were
seated members of the cadet corps and
the senior division.
Peter McCorraick of the executive com
mittee of the league called the meeting to
order, and in a brief speech spoke about
the temperance society and its work. The
opening address was followed by a piano
duet by the Misses Kornmeyer, after
which the main feature of the evening
occupied the attention of the meeting.
This was a lecture by Dr. Clinton on the
effects of alcohol on the human system.
The doctor admitted that alcoholic stimu
lants were used liberally in such diseases
as diphtheria, pneumonia and typhoid
fever to sustain the patient temporarily.
However, if the patient should be a person
accustomed to excessive indulgence in
liquor the chances were that he would
have but faint hope for recovery, since
stimulants would have absolutely no effect
upon his system.
The effect of alcohol on the soft tissues
is shrinkage. Whisky on an empty
stomach absorbs, and leaves the mucous
membrane in a dry condition, thus dis
turbing its natural condition, and indiges
tion ensues. The whisky draws from the
lining of the stomach those- juices needed
for digestion of food. One drink on an
empty stomach is worse that three or four
on a full one. The effect on the vital
organs is to stimulate their functions, and
this condition is followed by depression,
so the excessive use of alcoholism is an
unmitigated evil.
Those who derive benefit from diluted
alcohol taken with food are largely in the
minority. Fully 50 per cent of all cases
of dyspepsia and indigestion are caused by
immoderate use of alcohol. On the liver
alcohol has the effect of an irritant poison.
The tissue is excited inordinately, secre
tion diminishes, and the flow of blood is
lessened. Fully 90 per cent of liver
diseases are caused by excessive indulg
ence in alcohol. The kidneys are simi
larly affected.
The great majority of cases of heart
failure come from the same excesses. The
lungs are not so injuriously affected,
though they are by no means exempt.
The brain is affected more directly than
the spinal chord, though prolonged in
dulgence deranges the whole nervous sys
tem, with the grand finale of delirium
tremens. ' '
The doctor stated that the effects of
alcohol in heredity go to the third genera
tion. No more baneful disease than alco
hoi is handed down to generations. It is a
well-settled fact that drunkenness is trans
mitted from parent to child. The children
of drunkards are more liable to diseases
of the nervous system' than are the chil
dren of insane parents." No mother has j
any more moral right to take a glass of !
beer while nursing her child than she baa
to take a glass of poison. y -C\
Dr. Clinton showed how whisky, !
brandy and gin are made with chemicals, j
and declared that much of the same inn- j
tations as he mixed up on the stage are
used in commerce.
A tenor solo by John Donnelly and a
dialogue between John Brown and George
Maloney were the closing numbers of the
programme. V : . . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY : 18, 1896.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
The Steamer Willamette Broke
Her Rudder Post Off
Mendocino.
STEERED TO PORT WITH BOOMS
Exciting Scene Between a Husband
and Wife at the Ferries Over
a Child.
The steamer Willamette, which got in
from Portland yesterday, was brought
from off the coast of Mendocino under
very unfavorable circumstances. Her rud
i der-post broke, and on several occasions
: Captain Cushman thought he would have
to give it up and drift around until assist
' ance came. When off Point Arena a boat
! was lowered and three men sent ashore to
telegraph for a tuj:. They have not yet
' been heard from, but as the wires along
the coast have been down for several days
the chances are they are awaiting a steam
schooner to bring them to San Francisco.
Steering as well as possible with the
broken rudder and with the assistance of
the sails and two booms which were towed
astern, the steamer was finally navigated
to tho Farallones. There the lighthouse
tender Madrona was sighted and Captain
Cushman signaled for assistance. The
people on the lender did not understand
the signals, and she. went on her way.
Nearing the Golden Gate some tugs offered
their assistance, but Captain Cushman did
not feel like paying the sum demanded, so
he managed to steam in and came to an
anchor off the seawall.
The cargo brought by the Willamette
from Portland is a general one, and every
vessel that has handled it has met with
misfortune, ft was first of all loaded on
the steamer George W. Elder, and a few
hours after she crossed the bar her rudder
post broke, and she is now lying disabled
in the Columbia River. The cargo was
then transferred to the steamer Columbia,
and as she was passing over the bar she
struck and she too broke her rudder-post.
The wheat, oats and canned goods were
then loaded into the Willamette and she
met. the same fate as the other two. "The
only satisfaction I have is the fact that I
succeeded in getting the cargo here," said
Captain Cushman yesterday. "We came
along at a good rate of speed", and the only
thing I was afraid of was" that the rudder
would drop out altogether, as it was only
held in place by the rudder-head. The ac
cident happened last Saturday, and I tell
you I was glad when I drooped anchor in
San Francisco Bay." The Willamette will
discharge her cargo and then go on the
drydock for repairs. It will cost in the
neighborhood of $5000 to fix her up.
Edward Lahue and his wife, Fannie, cre
ated quite ix scene at the ferries yesterday.
The woman ran away from her home in
Healdsburg and took her two-year-old
daughter Bessie with her. Her husband
followed as soon as he heard of her flight,
and finally located her in the Mission.
Yesterday he stole the child and started
for the ferries, with Mrs. Lahue after him.
f n the waiting-room of the Tiburon steamer
she caught him, and begged and prayed
for the child. He refused her request, and
then she began to scream. The other pas
sengers sided with the woman, and Ser
geant Mahoney was hurried to the scene to
quell the disturbance. The husband ex-
Elained that the child was his, and that as
c did not like his wife's mode of life he
was taking the little girl home. The offi
cer said he could not interfere, and just as
the "all aboard" was called the lather
rushed through the gate and disappeared.
Mrs. Lahue called after him, but tie paid
no attention. Then she began crying
again, and finally disappeared in a Mar
ket-street car.
Captain Hooper of the revenue cutter
Corwin has been made commander-in
chief of the revenue fleet of the Pacific
Coast. He will have with him in the Ber
ing Sea the Bear, Rush, Perry, Corwin,
Grant and Wolcott.
Meat Inspectors W. Jordan and J. L.
Rivers have been scouring the water front
of late for any diseased and immature
meat that might come in Dy train and
steamer. Yesterday they secured eight
calves and an old bull that were thor
oughly unfit for food.. The bull was con
signed to Adolp Caillenad of the Califor
nia Market, and the two inspectors waited
all day for him to send his wagon for it.
He did not do so, and finally coal oil was
poured over the rotten mass and it was
carted away. No owner for the veal turned
up either, and it also was destroyed.
Five men of the crew of the revenue cut
ter Bear, whose time expired yesterday,
have practically been driven from the serv
ice. Lieutenant Emery, who issued the
discharges, would give them no recom
mendation, and that debars them from
further service. They were all witnesses
for Captain Healy, and say they are being
persecuted. The matter is to be laid be
fore the authorities at Washington.
PER ALT A-RE A VIS CASE.
Evidence Against Valencia and San
doval to Be Taken Her*.
Andres Sandoval and Jose Ramon
Valencia, charged with conspiracy in con
nection with the Poralta-Reavis land
swindle in Now Mexico, were , before
United States Commissioner Heacock
yesterday for preliminary examination.
The District Attorney maintained that
under the indictment of the court of New
Mexico the defendants must be taken
back, j that they could offer no.: evidence
to attack the indictment and prove their
innocence before the Commissioner other
than that they could produce in the court
where the.indictment was found. . .;
The defense held that it could establish
the innocence of the accused persons, and
declared that the indictment was brought
on improper evidence and that there was
no criminality involved in their acts. The
Commissioner, notwithstanding the in-"
dictment, allowed them to go into, the
evidence, and as the Government was not
prepared to answer the evidence for the
defense a continuance was taken for two
weeks. Thus far all the District Attorney
has to go on is the indictment of the New
Mexico court. . Now; the District Attorney
of New Mexico must present his witnesses.
WOODWARD'S WHISKERS,
Mrs. Woodward Says She "Never Tried
to Burn Them Oft".
, The divorce suit of Melinda Woodward
against frank G. Woodward- was before
Judge Seawell yesterday. Mrs. Woodward
is suing for a divorce on the ground of
cruelty. She alleges that her husband
i used vulgar language to her and struck
I her. At first Mr. Woodward had a com
! plaint on file, in which he also charged
j cruelty, the principal feature of which was
I that his wife tried to burn off his whis
; kers. Mrs. Woodward was questioned on
j this point yesterday, but she denied ever
! attempting' to apply the torch to the luxu
riant growth upon her husband's chin. The
I cross-complaint of Mr. Woodward has
j been withdrawn.
i Mrs. Woodward also asks that some sep-
arate property, which she enumerates, be
set aside for her and also all the commu
nity property. She claims as hers a lot on
Turk street, between Taylor ana Jones,
valued at $24,000, a cottage and lot on
Webster street, between Clay and Wash
ington, valued at $3000, and' property in
Han Diego valued at $1000. The commu
nity property is valued at $20,000.
SPOKE OF MODERN JEWS
Rabbi Voorsanger Addressed the
Baptist Preachers' Con
ference.
Presbyterian Ministers . Discussed "A
Modern Philosopher Worth
Hearing."
Rabbi Voorsanger addressed the Baptist
I Preachers' Conference yesterday on the
i subject of "The Modern Jew." Inci
j dentally he referred to the historical inci
dents for the past 1800 years which have
been instrumental in shaping the charac
ter of the modern Jew.
"It is one of my matters for thankfulness
to-day that I belong to a religion that has
no theology," he said. "There never was
in Israel an authority that could say to the
people you must do so and so or you do
not belong to the church. They never
had a church, as Christians understand it.
| I must believe in God and in revelation,
but in common with every other Jew, I
I possess the right of unrestricted interpre
tation." The speaker described the arti
cles of Maimonides and explained how a
later writer had afterward reduced them
to three— a belief in God, a moral account
ability to God and a belief in revelation.
Reformed Judaism, Rabbi Voorsanger
I said, began about 100 years ago as a purely
natural change. It sprang out of an effort
made to place the Jews en rapport with
the people in the midst of whom they
lived. The address ended with the expres
sion of the hope that "the day will -come
when there will be no Jew, no Gentile
nothing but God to unite the nations of
the earth." • y v ■;*
Presbyterian Preachers.
The Presbyterian Ministerial Associ
ation was addressed yesterday by Rev. T.
F. Burnham of Vailejo on the subject of
"A Modern Philosopher Worth Hearing."
Professor B. P. Browne of Boston was the
philosopher to whom the allusion was
made. The speaker gave a sketch of the
distinguished teacher and author, and re
ferred briefly to his writings, giving a
synopsis of his views as outlined in his
later volumes. One fact stated respecting
Browne's teachings was that he upholds
the enfranchisement of women on the
ground that in order to withhold the bal
lot from them it is necessary to prove
them to be immoral persons or else men
tally weak.
The discussion was participated in by
Rev. Mr. Bevier, Rev. Professor Brown of
Stanford, Rev. Dr. Minton and Rev. Dr.
Noble and other ministers, all of whom in
dorsed the paper. Rev. Dr. Breck, in the
course of the discussion, took occasion in
cidentally to object to a criticism by Pro
fessor Lo Conte on a recent book by Pro
fessor Wat3on. . . . •
Methodist Preachers.
"Methodism and Missions" was the sub
ject of an address made before the Metho
dist Preachers' Association yesterday by
Rev. M. C. Harris. The speaker gave a
hopeful account.of Methodist missions all
over the world, - and showed that ■; in
Sweden the Methodists are exercising a
reviving influence. . ..;•■.
In the discussion Rev. J. Waklburgh
bore witness to the good results which he
considered Methodism had achieved in
Sweden. Rev. C. J. Larsen also spoke to
the same effect. ' '
Very Awkward Indeed.
This Is precisely the kind of mistake a man
makes if he "turns out" on the wrong side of the
road when a vehicle comes toward him. No less
absurd Is the" error of the individual who takes
drastic medicines to relieve his liver. \ That organ
is on j the i right side, and j the [ road to its relief is
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters,', a . medicine • also
adapted to the relief of dyspepsia, j constipation,
kidney and rheumatic ailments and malaria. * '
MRS. GALLAGHER'S GIFT
... ..-..■■
Father Denis F. Nugent of St.
Rose's Church on the
Stand.
HOW THE PROPERTY WAS GIVEN
The Question of Undue Influence— Miss
.^Margaret Nugent Will Testify
To-Day.
In the Ellen Gallagher will case yester
day in Judge Hunt's court Father Denis
F. Nugent, pastor of St. Rose's Churcb,
was put on the stand to testify as to Mrs.
Gallagher's gift of $140,000 worth of prop
erty to the Catholic church. Just before
her death in April, 1895, she gave him a
deed of transfer of all her property except
some small bequests to relatives, and the
present suit is brought by those legatees to
recover the money on the ground that she
had been unduly influenced in making the
gift. According to her alleged wishes the
new St. Rose's Churcn on Brannan street,
near Fourth, was to be built from the pro
ceeds, of the transferred property.
In the morning Peter Collins testified to
the effect that Father Nugent had inti
mated -during a conversation that he
(Nugent) had influenced Mrs. Gallagher in
the disposition of her property.
Father Nugent testified that Mrs. Galla
gher had presented him with all the prop
erty and that she was. in perfectly sound
mind and made the gift of her own free
will. She wished to build a new church,
as the people of St. Rose's parish were too
poor to do so. He simply carried out her
behest. Hi was asked by Attorney Joseph
Campbell if he had said that he had so
fortified himself behind the law that his
position in the transaction could not be
shaken.
The witness answered that Calvin Ewing
had come to him in a bland manner to talk
of the Gallagher affair, and that he told
Ewing that what Mrs. Gallagher had done
was perfectly legal in every way and he
did not see how the law could interfere.
Mr. Henley objected to" the phrase
"bland manner" uced in the description of
Mr. Ewing's approach, and that was
ordered expunged from the records. Wit
ness also stated that he was not Mrs. Gal
lagher's spiritual adviser after the division
of the parish in 188(5.
Father Nugent objected to Mr. Henley
calling the bequest a "donation." It was
not a donation, he argued.
"Did you not suggest this gift for the
Archbishop to Mrs. Gallagher?" asked Mr.
Henley.
"I uid not."
"Yet the document was in your hand
writing?"
"It was."
Henley then asked for the receipts which
Father Nugent got from Mrs. Gallagher,
and asked:
"Was any one present when these re
ceipts were signed?"
"No one."
"Should there not have been witnesses
present when ibis woman gave away over
$100,000 to you?"
This question was not allowed, and Mr.
Henley asked :
"Did you ever remind Mrs. Gallagher
that her brother, a man of 90 years, was in
a poorhouse in Ireland?" .'.
The question was permitted, notwith
standing Campbell's strong objection.
"I did not remind her of that."
"Why not?"
--"Because she frequently told me that
she intended to remember her relatives in
accordance with the expressed desires of
her husband."
"Don't you remember telling Peter
I Collins that if it had not been for you he
1 would not have got as much money in
the will as he did?"
"I do not remember it."
"Do you deny that you said it?"
"I don't remember."
"Don't you remember in that same con
versation telling him he would not have
got what he did except it was to evade
the law?"
"I do not remember that either."
"Do you deny you said it?"
"I do not remember it."
The court— You do not deny that nor
admit it?
"I do not remember it. Ido not remem
ber that conversation."
"When you say you do not remember it
you mean that you do not remember using
that particular language?"
"Yes, sir: I do not remember saying
that; most likely I did net."
Mr. Campbell— State what you said to
him. '.■>'- v - *
''I said that his aunt thought he got too
much, but it was far from being too little.
That is about all of it."
Mr. Henley— -That is all that passed be
tween you on that occasion?
"That was the substance of it in a few
words." yy y
(Question repeated) "Don't you remem
ber ever telling him that if it had not been
for you he would not have got as much
money in the will as he did?"
The court— What do you say to that?
"I do not remember ever having told
him anything of the kind."
"Are you prepared to swear positively
whether you did or did not make such a
statement in substance or effect?"
"It is impossible for me to remember
anything that a person says. I cannot
swear positively I did not say it."
Mr. Campbell— What did you say to him
in relation to his aunt?
"I said that his aunt was under the im
pression that he cot too much; that it was
j enough for him at least." y - <
"Is it possible that you could have made
such' a statement— it was done to
evade the law? That he got this $2500 in
the will to evade the law."
"I do not remember making any such
assertion as that. On reflection, I think
there wa^ some talk about that, and I am
under the impression I may have said
that; that she gave him $2500 that it
might appear decent, and that her will
might not be contested. I think there
was some conversation to that effect that
I remember now."
"Did you say in that conversation, or
in any conversation, to Mr. Collins, that
you had anything to do with the giving
of $2300, or withholding it?"
"No, sir; I had nothing to do with the
will at all, and I never told him so."
Mr. Henley desired to put Miss Marga
ret Nugent, sister of Father Nugent, on
the stand, but it was stated that she was a
sufferer from heart disease and could not I
bear the ordeal of cross-examination.
j The attorney was not satisfied and made
a request that she be called to testify this
morning at 10 o'clock, when the case
goes on. __________ ■
PADEREWSKI RECITAL.
Another Programme Magnificently Ren
y; : ; dered by the Great Pianist.
There was ; another big audience at the
California Theater yesterday afternoon to
hear Paderewski. . The following pro
gramme was magnihcenty renderedl:
Variations Fugue, on a theme by Haendel, op.
24 . .". ... ... . . . ..........................:.. Brahms
Sonata, l) minor, op. 31, No. :', '.:'.... .. Beethoven
Allegro. Adagio. Allegretto.
Soiree de Vlcnne, A major, No. 6;..Hchubert-Llszt
Nachtstueek, V major, op. 22. No. 4... .Schumann
Capriccio, X major, op. 3, No. 2 ;
: ......v............'.....:..... Paganinl-Scnumann
Ballade, A flat, 0p.47. No. 3.:..;..")
Two .Etudes, op. 25, Nos. 6 and 8.. I . . ,
Prelude, A flat, op. 28, No. 17..... (V, Chopin
Valse, C sharp minor, op. 64, No. 2 J '
Melodic, G flat, cp. 16, No. 2...... Paderewski
Rhapsodio Hongroise, No. 13 ; ............Liszt
Vleksburg . Campaign.
A regular meeting of George H. Thomas Post
No. 2, Department of California and Nevada,
G. A. R., will be held this evening. A paper on
the "Organization and Action of the Vieks
burg Campaign" will be read by Hugh M.
Burke, y
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
SPRING OPENING!
ADVANCE STYLES!
New Printed Dimities
New Percales, American and Foreign !
New Organdies ! New Scotch Madras !
Silk Striped Ginghams!
Printed Piques ! Printed Lenos ! Etc., Etc.
SPECIALS IN HOUSE-FURNISHINGS!
At $4.80 ex Pair. .
150 pairs FINE MISSION WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, extra size and weight, some
slightly imperfect; value for $7 50.
JAA $2.85 ex Pair;
Two lots 10-4 BLANKETS— one lot in silver gray, the other lot white— almost all wool;
that were $3 50 a pair. -,' v ~ " ■' r
-A.t 18.4 Cexits ex "TsTexvcX.
10-4 BLEACHED SHEETING, full width, undressed and fine standard. (Tv'ill not be
sold by the entire piece.) :;..-;
*A.t Vi Cents ex ~&~exTr<3L.
Two cases VERY HEAVY UNBLEACHED CANTON FLANNEL (the 12^c grade,
slightly soiled from water).
-A-t 8 ; Cents ex Yard.
The HEAVY ENGLISH FLANNELETTES, in a grand line of colorings; that were 10c.
.A-t 53.00 ex Pair.
One line HEAVY CHENILLE PORTIERES, 44 inches wide, good grade chenille,
deep dadoes ; were $4.
-A-t 63 Cents ex Pair.
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, good grade, 3 yards long and 36 inches wide; reduced
from $1.
-A.* 62.00 ex Pair.
BAY-WINDOW WIDTH NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, 4 yards long and 60 inches
wide; reduced from $3.
.A.t 45 Cents ex Yard.
CLOSELY WOVEN FULL BLEACH IRISH TABLE LINEN, pure flax, 56 inches
wide; reduced from 60c.
-A.t 83 Cents ex Yard.
SMALL LOT HEAVY BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, 68 inches wide; was $110. "
-A.t d 1.35 a Dozen.
200 dozen GOOD BLEACHED HICK TOWELS, size 18x36 inches, neat borders,
closely woven; were $1 60.
.At IO Cents lex Yard. Z
200 pieces 36-INCH PERCALES, choice styles; value for 12«^c.
jAM £52. G0 Xiaoli.
GOOD INGRAIN UNION ART SQUARE CARPETS, new colorings— Sizes 6x9 feet,
$2 50 each ; 7^x9 feet, $3 25 each ; 9x9 feet, .$3 75 each ; 9xlo^ feet, $4 50 each : 9x12
feet, $5 each, and 9xl3>£ feet, $5 75 each worth double.
SPECIALS !
Two cases HEAVY YARD-WIDE UNBLEACHED MUSLIN at 5c a yard.
About 200 dozen Broken Lots of BLEACHED AND UNBLEACHED TURKISH .
TOWELS, medium and fine grades, at almost half price.
Pin&tfQ AMfl QHITQ ! We are closing out the balance of our gigantic purchase of
ULUrifXO HHU QUI 10 I Cloaks and Suits at STUPENDOUS REDUCTIONS prepar-
atory to the arrival of new goods. . .
/ffl/gH*^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Market street comer of Jones, /
gsajNT -Se'TiA^croTsoeaK
ESS 1 $&& DISEASES B m ]S *% A M Mia SSL ■ i""! J 110
QraV Mx%. 81 Hi «raß *»■¥ A I ME © HfilM'JE Vftll " or « > Tnruat, Pimples, CopiierKS
Cav&uara ra $7it6^'S'w\Srml*^ , rallrl.'i IUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sore? MS
ABSOLUTELY CURES. UlPl I lslt.Vi I B1 U!mt " 3 in Month, llair-yallingt Write COOK»
In-; iimple »ppllc«tion of 'SwiTTtfi OIlrTV!^^T ' vi::. -^ fflBEMEai CO., 807 Masonic IVmi>'.eJß
any intemml medicine, will cure an» ease of Tetter, SaJ» ffitjChicaßO, 111., for proofs of cures. 4 apl-ifl
Bheum.Bin(nrorm,Pile*,lt«h.Sorp».rtmplej.KrTiip«lM,*a. JErntal, 8590,000. Worst cases cured In lftflE
BO matierhoiT obstinate or Ion; standing. by dru(rgi«t», fflßto 35 days. 100-page book free. R3
a Bent It mail for SO ct». .1 Boies. flu Addres*, Dr. rMh v mi ———n— ,—-,-— -— — — . ■■iiJTI
BF*Ta«Aß>;i.,l , e lrai»,i-a. Aik/ou iruft.Utfcrifc . -.^---, f >^--,T-^V^"r^?»s?n«-.'^.^^r-- , ;j^
j ii
HACKMEIER'S HOTEL. 123-129 EDDY ST.. «fcMUWHUf WILCOX COMPOUND
HAS CHANGED HANDS, AND I- Now i;X- " 6 *^j?* iC g\ I? jCJ» nSt # tf9>
der new management. First-rlass in all itp- fflß ja«tfM<J WSB rHB I
poiiitments, with second-class prices. Koom and ■ /§» am lIKV m *** m mamamm m aw
board $1 a day and up; rooms without board 50c a m safe and SUBE. Always reliable Tata
day and up. Special rates by week or month. Meals , DOSUbstltute. Forsaleby alldru-cists (2 M Rpurt
25c. i'reo bus to and from Hotel. j 4c. for Woman' m Safeguard. WILCOX sPFriPIP
OKOKGK CKI'KMIi, Proprietor. I CO., 228 SOUTH EIGHTH OTVPJBOIIiSTpA.
Agood thing-push it along
The largest piece of
ever sold for io cents
910
HUDELSON SAYS
YORKE FALSIFIES.
The State President Im
pugns the Chancellor's
Truth.
"PROVE OR APOLOGIZE."
Statements Concerning Ex-Gov
ernor Sheldon Declared
Incorrect.
REV. FATHER YORKE'S LETTER.
The Issues Joined Concern Five Points
Only— Father Wyman Replies to
Dr. York.
The following communication is self
explanatory:
Office of the
State Council of California,
Room 40, Academy of Sciences Building,
SIO Market street.
Pan Francisco, Feb. 17, 1890.
To the Editor of Tin' I 'all I 'i At: Ml: : Tbe editor
of the News Letter (he is not a member of the
A. P. A.) complimented Father Yorke in a re
cent issue on his "deftness in dodging."
In your yesterday's issue appeared a remark
able "diatribe from" the pen of the Chancellor,
which is worthy of mention at this time only
in order that your readers may note how stren
uously that gentleman is endeavoring to dis
tract public attention from the real questions
at issue- He desires to discuss individuals
rather than principles, and far from standing
by his offer to prove every statement made in
his former letter, he is industriously engaged
ln running away irom every disputed proposi
tion, whether made by himself or by another.
On casual inspection of the letter, however,
I notice that the priest offers to apologize if he
makes unauthenticated statements. lam not
surprised that he makes the offer, but 1 shall
indeed be surprised if, being found in the
wrong, he does apologize. And in this con
nection 1 demand that he apologize for his
statement concerning ex-Governor Sheldon or
prove tin truth of his words. The statement
is as follows:
Ex-Governor Sheldon was making an A. P. A.
speech in Los Angeles. He stated that there were
arras concealed in the basement of the cathedral.
A Catholic gentleman present named Donnesan
produced a certified check for SJIOOO and offered
to pay it over if arms could be found, and asked
that a committee be appointed to search the
cathedral on the spot. The ex-Governor refused
to accept the test, etc.
This statement, so far as ex-Governor Shel
don is concerned, is absolutely and unquali
fiedly, and, I believe, purposelv'false. The rea
son for making it is found in the fact that the
ex-Governor's name is now prominently before
the people as a probable delegate to the next
National Republican Convention, and in the
further fact that neither Father Yorke nor any
of his kind can use ex-Governor Sheldon to ad
vance the political interests of the "church."
80, Father Yorke, you who adopted the
phrase, "Put up or shut up," take a little of
your own toddy, and "Prove or apologize."
Further than this I have, on casual inspec
tion, found nothing in the letter worthy of" se
rious consideration. Father Y'orke might ex
plain why he quotes in an alleged reply to me
anti-Catholic literature, which he ''is not pre
pared to say was circulated by the A. P. A."
However, there maybe something of value in
the "letter, even as a microscopic assay of tail
ings sometimes reveals traces of metal. So, at
the proper time, 1 shall further consider bis ef
fusion. I prefer, however, to do one thing at a
time, and do -it well, even if the object ot my
attention be Father Yorke. and for this reason
1 shall return to the consideration of his first
letter to me.
In my former letters 1 have analyzed, one by
one, father Yorke's wordy remarks in alleged
reply to ray questions. I have made evident
to your readers what each answer is, whether
simple affirmative or emphatic negative, and
I have pointed out the numerous instances
in which Father Yorie has plainly dodged the
issue. In order that your readers may at a
glance realize what the results have been, I
have prepared a brief synopsis in which I
have referred to my questions by number, and
have set opDosite each the "Yes" or the "No"
contained In Father Yorke's reply; or have in
dicated the fact that he has evaded answering
the question, and has ihereby dodged an issue.
This table, which for the sake of future refer
ence, I shall call "Table A." is as follows:
YORKE'S REPLIES EPITOMIZED.
Co-.iccrning "Objects of v... A. P. A."
Question L, : jjo
Question 2 !!'.!". No
Question 3 '.'.'.'.'.'. No
Question 4 '. '.'.'.'.'.' No
Question 5 '.'..'.'.. No
Question 6 No
Question 7 „y No
Question 8 ."."."."il'.No
Concerning "The A. P. A. Platform."
Question 9 Dodged
Question 10 X 0
Question 11 (part) Xo
Question 11 (part)... .".".".[.'.'Dodged
Question 18 ■ Xo
Question 13 '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. Dodged
Question 14 Yes
Question 15 Yes
Question 16 '.'..'.'.'. '. '.'. Dod
Question 17 Dodged
Question 18 \o
Question 19 "Dodge"
Question 20 Dodged
Question 21 Dodged
Question 22 Dodged
Concerning "A. P. A. Political Principles."
Question 23 Dodged
Question 24 Yes
Question 25 (part) Dodged
Question 25 (part) Xo
Question 26 '.".Dodged
Question 27 Yes
Question 28... ..'..!. bod ed
Question 29 y PS
Question SO '..'..'.'.'.'.'.l'.'.'. Dodged
Question jj 0
Furthermore, each and every question which
I asked of Father Yorke was so framed as to
Inquire whether or not he is "opposed to" or
has "objections to" or is "an enemy of" the
principle expressed in the section referred to
by my question— the section of the "Objects of
the A. P. A.' or of "The A. P. A. Platform," or
of "The Political Principles of the A. P. A."
Therefore, if Father Yorke's answer to my
question was "yes" it means that he is "op
posed to" or has "objections to" or is "an en
emy of" the principle expressed in the section
referred to, and consequently he disapproves
of that principle.
And equally, therefore, if Father Yorke's an
swer was "no," then he is "not opposed to"
and has "no objections to" and is "not an en
emy of" the principle expressed in the section
referred to, and consequently he approves of
that principle. ;
And in order that your readers may be able
at a glance to learn how many of the princi
ples of the A. P. A. are disapproved of by Father
iorke, and how many he approves, and con
cerning how many he neglects or refuses to
commit himself one wav or another I have
prepared another table, in which I refer to the
sections containing the principles and to the
questions bearing on those sections by their
respective numbers. Opposite each section I
have placed Father Yorke's expression of ap
proval or disapproval, as indicated by his
answers to the questions. Where the father
has evaded answering my qtierv and has
dodged an issue, and litis thereby declined to
either approve or disapprove the principle in
volved, I have indicated that fact by a dash
The table, which for the sake of convenience i
shall term "Table B," is as follows: ,CUU - UUS l
YOKKE'S POSITION ON A. P. A. PRINCIPLES.
, Concerning "Objects of the A. P. A."
Section 1.... (Qaestionl) Approved
Section 2.....; (Question 2) Approved
Section 3 ...(Question 3) Approved
Section 4 ......(Question 4) Approved
Section 5 (Question 5) Approved
feet tf (Question 6) Approve,'
Section 7 (Question 7) Approved
Section 8 (Question 8) . Approved
Concerning "the A. P. A. Platform.
Section 1 (Question 9)
Section 2 (Question 10) Approved
Section 3 (Que lion 11). .(part).. Approved
Section 3 (Question 11). .(part)
Section 3 (Question 12) Approved
Section 4 (Question 131.......
Section 5 (Question 14) Disapproved
Section *> (Question 15) Disapproved
Section 7 ...(Question 16)
Section 8 (Question 17) :
Section 9 (Question 18) Approved
Section li) [Question 19)
Section 11 (Question 20) — ;
Section 12 (Question 21) .- :'
Section 13 (Question 22) —
Concerning "A. p. a. Political Principles."
Section 1 (Question 23)
Section 9 (Question 24 « ." Disapproved
Section 3 (Question 25). .(part) Approved
Section 3. .....(Question 25). .(part)
Section 4 Quest ion 20)....
Sections (Question 27) Disapproved
Section 6 (Question 28). ••• 7
Section 7... -...(Question 29) Disapproved
Section 8 (Question .SO) 7
Section 9 (Question 81) Approved
... SYNOPSIS.
Referring to the foregoing tables, I find that'
mv esteemed opponent. Rev. Peter C./iorke
Approves eleven full sections of the princi
ples of the A. P. A. and portions of two moio
sections. ... .
Dodges the issue and refuses to commit him-
Bell upon TWELVE full sections of those princi
ples and upon portions of two more sections.
Disapproves five sections of the A. P. A. prin
ciples.
i find also THAT
Father Yorke entirely approves the "objects
of the American Protective Association.
In the "A. P. A. platform" Father \orke ap
proves of three planks and portions of an
other, avoids committing himself upon eight
planks and part of, another, and disapproves
ol only two planks.
In tlie "political principles of the A. P. A."
Father Yorke approves one principle and part
of another, avoids committing himself upon
four principles and part of another, and ob
jects to three principles. *;V.v.;
THE LOGICAL CONCLUSION'
From the foregoing tables and from the synop
sis which I have made from them is:
First -The objects of the American Protective
Association are good, whether viewed from the
standpoint' of its fileuds or from that of its
enemies.
Second— inasmuch as the objections of
the Rev. Peter C. Yorke to the A. P. A. refer
not to the objects of the order, but have to do
Wholly with its platform and political PRINCI
PLES, therefore Father Yorke's hostility to the
A. P. A. is based upon political differences
and is not caused by relioious considerations.
Third— inasmuch as Father Yorke has
refused to define his position upon twelve full
principles of the A. P. A., his object in the
present controversy Is to gain some petty per
sonal advantage father than to enlighten the
people upon the truths involved.
In one of my earlier letters I stated that, in
asmuch as it was necessary to the satisfactory
or profitable discussion of any question to de
termine precisely the points upon which the
parties to such discussion differed, I proposed
to ask Father Yorke certain questions. As a
result, we have discovered certain points on
which we agree, and others upon which we
differ. Inasmuch as Father Yorke has dodged
the issue upon twelve principles, aud more,
there is still left much ground concerning
which it has not vet been determined whether
or not we differ. * That the Chancellor's posi
tion may be accurately and fairly determined,
I insist upon a reply to my questions concern
ing those principles, which are as follows:
ON THE A. P. A. PLATFORM.
Question 9— '-Is Mr. Yorke hostile to loyalty to
true Americanism, which knows neither birth
i place, race, creed, nor party as a first requisite lor
I membership in any organization?"
Question 11 (part)— 'ls .Mr. Yorke hostile to the
toleration of all creeds?"
Question 13— "Is Mr. Yorke hostile to the up
holding of the constitution of the United States
and its guarantees of religious liberties to the indi
vidual."
Question 16— "Does not Mr. Yorke believe that
exemption from taxation is equivalent to a grant
of public funds? And is be hostile to the taxa
tion of all property, the title to which is not vested
in the National or State Government or their sub
divisions'."'
Question 17— "Does Mr. Yorke favor the enlist
ment in the military arm of the Government of
any one not actually a citizen of the United
States?"
Question 19— "Would Mr. Yorke object to there
peal of the act authorizing the naturalization of
minors without a previous declaration of inten
tion, and is he hostile to a provision of law that per
sons to be naturalized must sneak the language of
the land and must prove seven years continuous
residence in this country from the date of the
declaration of intention."
Question '20— -Does Mr. Yorke object to a pro
test against the laxity with which our present nat<
utilization laws are administered?"
Question 21— -'Is Mr. Yorke hostile to the public
inspection of all hospitals, asylums, reformatories
or other institutions, in which people are under
restraint?"
Question — "Does Mr. Yorke favor National or
State legislation in favor of any one sectiou of the
! country, or of any class?"
OK A. P. A. POLITICAL PRINCIPLES.
Question 23 "Is Mr. Yorke opposed to such
restriction of immigration as will prevent paupers,
criminals and anarchists from landing on our
shores?"
Question 26 (Part)— "Does Mr. Yorke wish the vo
ters of the country to be Ignorant of the duties and
privileges of citizenship, and the pliant tools of
politicians
Question '26— "Does Mr. Yorke oppose support
ing from the public funds one general, non-secta
rian free-school system, sufticieut for the primary
education of our children?"
Question -JB— "Does Mr. Y'orke oppose the taxa
tion of all non-government property?"
Question 29— -Does Mr. Yorke support for office
any person who recognizes allegiance to any for
eign or ecclesiastical potentate as superior to our
In his consideration of these questions
Father Yorke reminds me of the advice given
by an old lawyer to his son who was about to
commence practice. Be said: "My boy, in try
ing any ease when you have on yourside the
law and the facts and a good argument, stick
to your points and confine yourself to your
argument; but when you have on your"side
neither the law nor the* facts, and can have no
logical argument, abuse the other side and
talk all around the question."
By my synopsis of Father Yorke's replies I
have shown that there are five principles upon
which Father Y'orke end the American Pro
tective Association are at issue. Of these two
pertain to the "platform of the American Pro
tective Association" and three to the "Politi
cal Principles of the A. P. A." That your
readers may learn precisely what are the prin
ciples upon which we differ I quote them here
with: y-r.'— •
A. P. A. PLATFORM,
Sec. 5. We consider the non-sectarian free pub
lic school the bulwark of American institutions
aud the best place tor the education of American
children. To keep them such we protest against
the employment of subjects of any un-American
ecclesiastical power as officers or teachers of the
public schools.
Sea 6. We condemn the support out of the pub
lic treasury, by direct appropriation or by con
tract, of any sectarian school, reformatory or other
institution not owned and controlled by public
authority.
POLITICAL, PRINCIPLES OF THE A. P. A.
Sec. 2. Extension of the time for naturalization,
to the end that .foreigners may oecome familiar
with our free institutions and laws before they
take part in our political affairs.
Sec. 5. No public funds or public property to
be used for sectarian purposes, directly or indi
rectly. % .
Sec. 7. All private schools, convents, nunneries,
monasteries, seminaries, hospitals, asylums and
other educational or charitable institutions to be
open to public inspection and under Government
control.
For the discussion of these principles I have
not sufficient time to-night, but I shall con
sider them in proper course.
In his letter of the 13th iust. Father Yorke
stated that he was ready to prove every asser
tion that he made. In my letters of Saturday
and Sunday last I requested him to furnish his
proofs of numerous assertions. He has not
done so, and now 1 demand that he furnish his
proof upon the following propositions:
First— "l Know, however, that a secret political
society can never bring about pure politics."
Second— "l know that they (the Methodist Bish
ops and preachers who are agitating the repeal of
the tax on church property) pay more taxes than
the whole A. P. A. put together." | '
Third— foreigner who is not Americanized in
five years will never be Americanized."
Fourth— are no universal propositions in
politics."
Mr. Editor: When Father Yorke shall have
answered these questions which thus far he
has declined to answer, we shall have reached
a common premise from which to con dnct a
profitable discussion. Should he not, how
ever, see fit to make reply and to define his no*
sition in respect to those principles, concern"
ing which thus far he has evaded such defin*
ition, !l shall continue my discussion of*
A. P. A.-ism in accordance with the plan of
consideration which I laid down in my first
letter, having particular reference, however
to the five principles toward- which the chan
cellor of the archdiocese of San Francisco has
admitted his hostility. Very respectfully,
B. F. Ht.'df.lsox,
President of the A. T. A. of California.
RELIGIOUS COMMUNITIES.
Rev. Father Wyman Replies to Dr.
York's Criticism of His
Lecture.
Rev. Father Wyman, superior of the
Paulist Community in San Francisco, sub
mits the following:
San Francisco, Feb. 17, 1896.
To the Editor of The Call— De AT. Sir: I was
greatly surprised and deeply pained when I
read in this morning's CALL the report of what
was said by Dr. J. L. York at Scottish Hall on
last Sunday evening in reference to. ..hat I
stated concerning marriage among non-Cath
olics, in my lecture on "Religions Communi
ties," at Metropolitan Hall, on February 10.
In the first place, let mo say, that he has not
rightly quoted me, as can be proved by refer
ence to The Call of February 11, which re
ported my lecture word for word, exactly as 1
delivered it; and secondly, let. rae say, that I
repudiate with horror tbe sentiments concern
ing the marriages of ■ Protestants which he
charges me withholding. "
What I did say, however, about the popular
notion of marriage outside the church was that
"the idea of its sanctity is lost among the ma
jority of those who are not of our faith," mean
ing by these words that the sacramental idea
of it as taught in the New Testament, in its
holiness as a symbol of Christ's union with his
church, is not understood by the majority of
Protestants. Moreover, I cannot see how by
any forced, construction this statement can
possibly bo construed as an "insult" to non-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY IS, 1896.
Catholic women. The doctrine of the sanctity
and indissolubility of marriage in the Catholic
sense of these words ; was repudiated by all of
the Protestant reformer:), and arc we to infer
on this account that they have impugned the
purity of women ? 1 certainly do not interpret
them so. ffif&gS&SfcfSgfeWggSSHSß
Dr. York also arraigns me for saying
that marriage outside of the church
is entered into "for the most part ' for
pleasure," and I have only to refer the
reader to the report of my lecture published in
The 'all of February 11 to prove that he has
not rightly quoted my words. What I did say,
as the report shows, was that it was entered
into "for the most part for pleasure or worldly
advantage." Now, can any one deny that
these, naturally speaking, are not worthy mo
tives for marriage, provided the laws of nature
are observed?
As for my remark that "unless children are
few they are not considered a blessing from
God" I appeal to the public to answer if this
is not true of the majority of American-born
Protestants. The exceptions to it are found,' l
think, largely among Lutherans of German
and Scandinavian origin. The Jews have also,
I believe, as a rule, retained the traditionary
idea that a large family is a mark of God's fa
vor.
"It is nothing new," says this quack theo
logian, "for Catholic priests to assail the purity
of the marriage relation among Protestants,"
and then he shamelessly utters one o! the foul
est carnmnies ever spoken by human lips
against our faith. "It is an open statement of
Romanism," he says, "that the marriage of
Protestants is the marriage of adultery and
their children the bastards of an accursed
union." ..
Now, Mr. Editor, as a son of non-Catholic
parents, who oi course were married outside of
the Catholic church, 1 declare this assertion of
Dr. York to be false.
The marriages of Protestants are considered
by the Catholic church just as binding and
sacred as those of Catholics performed in the
church.
Is it not an outrage, aye a burning shame,
that any man pretending to address the public
on scientific and theological questions should
dare to thus calumniate such a vast body of
people as the Catholics of this community?
Yours truly. H. H. Wyman, C. S. P.
FATHER YORKE APPROVED.
Commended St. Anthony's Church
in Maintaining German
Customs.
Fair and Bazaar Opened at Teutonic
Hall Will Be Concluded
To-Night.
Father Yorke was the center of attrac
tion at Teutonia Hall last night, where he
spoke briefly in commendation of the
purposes of the German congregation of
St. Anthony's Church in aiming to main
tain the customs, the traditions, and par
ticularly the language of the fatherland.
It was the occasion of the opening of a
fair and bazaar given by the Altar Society,
the Mothers' Society and the Young
Women's Sodality of St. Anthony's.
Father Leo introduced Father Yorke as
the well-known champion of the Catholic
faith in the present religious controversy.
Father Yorke's little speech . of good
wishes and encouragement was greeted
with the heartiest applause, and was fol
lowed by an expression of thanks from
Father Leo on behalf of the congregation.
As Father Yorke left the noisy, happy
throng about 10 o'clock, he was" given a
rousing tribute of cheering.
The fair will be concluded this evening,
when St. Peter's singing section of St.
Boniface will be in evidence as one of the
features of the entertainment, as were the
cadets of the League of the Cross last
night among the booths and in the sup
per-room.
HOTEL AREIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A Schubert, Palo Alto D Goodwin, Minn
Gallen, Williams G \V Merriam, Minn
Mrs t'hesnut. Pouitßeys H Foeger, Portland
Mrs Taylor, Point Reyes H Parkharst, Portland
W George, Sacramento 1: \V Katon, Watsonvilie
Mrs Brenodc, Chicago Mrs Long, Los Angeles
A Humphrey, s-urainnt M Brown, National City
H McGregor, Sacramnto J Black, Tehama
It L Dunn. Cal C Hegard, Quim-v
W A Heatbcote, Cal B F Hayden, Portland
Mrs Ogden, N V Mrs Moss ,t s, Oakland
E W Ogden, NY' S M Levee, Vailejo
W Mosscrop, Brooklyn <J L fish, Oakland
Dr Mogill, Healdsburg H Garland, Kansas City
T Flint &w, ,-a Juan A .fov. Watsonvilie
Miss Devenaorrt. t*n Jose A Cartwright & t, Benicia
W Douglass, .-sacramnto 8 Post, San Jose
II Campbell, Chicago C Macßride, San Jose
W Worsuick. Los Angle L Alexander, Redding
C Hanimaoce, Ls Angle W Russell, Santa Rosa
X Hammon, Davisvillc Miss Snyder, El Cerrito
E H Diers, Pasadena C M Weber, Stockton
Mrs Kelley. Pasadena Dr Thompson, oakdale
R Bainbridge, Vancouvr W Freeman, Willows
AI. Hart. Sacramento J Sullivan. Willows
C Campbell, Red Bluff ,
RUSS HOUSE.
W Hand, Albany, Or F II Smythe.LongleyFrm
H (ihalner.Longley Frm FA Kruse&wf.Henldsbrg
A S storey, Santa Rosa J W Clark, Table Rock
W B Webber. Oakland J T Eppier, Seattle
HPVanWagener.Seattle A L Finney, Modesto
F A Blockson, Modesto J D Mpence. Modesto
E A Larsen, San Jose FWJackson.WalnutOrve
W Dudley, Vailejo Mrs Roselle. Main Prairie
J Jones, Oakland Mrs T FowlerAd, T Plnos
II A Butler, Australia J M Showers, Los Gatos
P II Arnold, Sacramento L C Atkins. Sacramento
A Rnbenstein, Fresno I) Laughlin, Main Prairie
Mrs Redlauds <fc d, Mich Miss V S swetmun, L A
Mrs .1 McAlpin, Cal  F <; Frey, Freeport
P Fan nan, London E E Gray, Colusa
J Foreman. London R Nye. Santa Barbara
E J Miller, S Dakota H s Shay Jr. Caiisto;:*
U T Mears, Cal .. . Miss A Wells, Chicago
F G Hoffman. Ohio P Mftthews, w & frn, 111
L Henry, San Jose J M. Walling, Nev City
W G Mackay, Stockton Mrs I Marion, Nev City
I) A McDoueall, Stocktn A D Mason, Nev City
W Blair, Chicago S D Key, Bodega
M Nelson & w, san Jose
LICK HOUSE.
Thos Scott, Cal Mrs J M Thompson, Napa
Miss Thompson, Napa C Cranz Jr. San Jose
R W Mautz, San Jose Ralph Lowe, San Jose
W E Rogers, Arnalia H Corntorih, Marvsville
C X Owen <fe w, Stocktn C J Needbam, Modesto
W S Porter, Hanford FT Mcßride & w, Butte
C T Cutter, NY P A Dix. Salt Lake City
T.I Yancey &w,Newmn B D Moore, Berkeley
Mrs M J Moore, Berkely Mrs II Lane, Nev City
Miss II Stansfield.Nev C A S Noyes, Nev City
M B Ellis, Chicago A B Colt, Seattle
A B Waggoner, Livermr Mrs F Stock & s, Sn Jose
A H Hoffman, L Galo3 Capt Hli Roves A w.Ark
L H Appel, Sacramento E Spaldsbury <fe w,s Cruz
C L Leonard &w,Jacinto A B Jackson, Plymouth
(i M Molt, Sacramento FN Nllon. Nevada City
H C A ulbbs, N "i W H M ddleton & w, Pa
C Tompkins, Tulare C Rogers, Cal
.Mrs X Fleming, S Jose Miss L Soderer. S Jose
Miss D Beekman, S Jose (J I) Darwin, Fulton
W s Heron, San Jose - P M Farrell, Saratoga
WII Hanlon &w, Sacto •
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Miss M McDowell, St Cruz ¥ A Rowell, Fresno „
D L Morrison, Sc Louis J Forna, Oakland .
U Q Rowell. Auckland A Klnaston, Auckland
R X Uinton, Auckland J M Cormack, Auckland
c Raynald, Sydney A Joseph, Sydney
M H anion & fmv, Sydny Wm Stoos, Illinois
A Drendel, Illinois " W U Hartz, Philadelphia
M C Johnson it wife, Ala HE McDanlel, Klmlra
J Wiceland, Victoria M J O'Connell. Benicia
N J Bitten, Benicia R Francisco, Benicia
3 I) Dulridge. San Jose . L /, Case, Castroville
Henry spencer, 1 os Aug M M Young, Astoria
W G Reed & w, Portland F F. Smith & son, Seattle
L X French, N.V OB Lee, Boston
II J Black, San Diego Miss E Hicks, Sonoma
F B Brown & wf, Sacto I N Dogherty, Santa Fe
Mrs FE Scott, Victoria '.'•..-. .'.-;:•>"•
PALACE HOTEL.
GWMcEIroy.DSS Adams L Kander, New York
C a Hammond, Silvei Ck A Th la Verge, N York
C X Jordan, Sta Barbara F M Smith, Los Angeles
(i W Bobbins A w, Chgo ,1 L Clarke & wf, Chicago
H'B Brown & w, Los An Mrs B S Churcßlll, Napa
Miss Churchill, Napa Jos Gavin <fe w, Colo
FW Lcadbetter&w.Portd V D Black & wf, Salinas
R Graham, Los Angeles FT Butler, New York
A C Bedford & w, N York N C Bur. vise, Colo
Wm li Taylor. Glendale J A Farwell, Chicago .
J s Bobbins A- w, Stocktn J J Atkins A w, Pittsfield
J J Crawford&w.Almeda J B Feakcs. Stockton
F W Bullock, Chicago H James, James, Mo
L U Shippee, Stockton . Mrs Kirk pat rick. Salt
Miss Kirkpatrick.Salt Lk Mrs Keller, Butte
F W Henshaw, Oakland 1' L, Sherman, Chicago
E M Gates <fc wf, N York J Rese, Chicago
F II Harvey. Gait. E S Churchill. Napa Co
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H Harris, New York T Miles, Seattle
R J H AdenAwf.Vallejo Miss T Stahl, Vailejo
D B Snyder, New York M Movse, Cbino
L Blake, V:icaville W A PiDkerton, Chicago
W A Ryan, Los Angeles A Orfile. Los Angeles
W D Woods, Detroit AG McGregor. Detroit
M C Doren, San Jose Mrs C Warndoff, Modesto
Miss Ilillikt-r, Modesto J M McPike, Napa
L A Legg, San Jose W Hawkins, Michigan
J R Fraser, Elmira J McLtllward, Chicago
M rsJDuggan Ac, Chicago W Hutchinson & fy, Chgo
D B Jenne, Bakersfield
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H A Perry. Vailejo . M Doblv, San Felipe
F Gillespie, Angel Isl D J Keohane, Alcatraz
J I- Gallagher, Mass R C Mitchell. Boston
9 Hammond, Calcutta G Johnson, New Calcutta
J S Rogers, Portland KB Lichtenberg.Loa Ang
J Runyan, Grants Pass Pit Lanier, St- Paul
W Owens Jr, St Paul J M Thorp, -San Jose
Canada is said to have obtained its name
from the Spaniards, : who, .when they
landed in that quarter, repeated the word
aca nada, "nothing here," meaning .that
no gold was to be ; found, :of which the
Indians caught the sound. :
FOR PATRIOTIC CHILDREN
Forming a Society of Minors
Who Are of Revolutionary
Ancestry.
YOUNGEST MEMBER ENROLLED.
The Object of the Organization Is to
. . Increase Love of Country in
the United States.
A new organization is to be formed, in
this City on Saturday next at the Occi
dental Hotel, and it will be the first of the
kind on the coast. It is of the patriotic
order and will be called Valentine Hook
Chapter of the Children of the Revolution.
a branch of ihe National society formed in
Washington last, February by Mrs. Daniel
Lathrop, the children's friend, known in
the literary world as Margaret Sidney, au
thor of 'Five Little Peppers."
The new society is under the patronage
Gertrude Holt Lofthouse, a Two-and-a-Half-Year-Old Patriot.
[From a photograph.]
of: Mrs. Leland Stanford, Mrs. A. S.
Hubbard, Mrs. William Alvord, Mrs. Jes
sie Benton Fremont; the Right Rev. Wil
liam Ford Nichols,. D.D. ; Hon. George C.
Perkins; Professor Martin Kellogg,' LL.D.,
Berkeley; Colonel A. S. Hubbard; H. O.
Collins, Los Angeles; Hon. Daniel Cleve
land, San Diego; Colonel J. C. Currier
and David Howes.
The object of the new society is the i
acquisition of knowledge of American
history, to understand and love the
country better, and then any patriotic
work that will lieip to that end", keeping a
constant endeavor to influence all other
.children and youth to the same purpose;
to help to save the places made sacred by
the American men and women who for
warded American Independence; to find
out and to honor the lives of children and
youth of the colonies and of the American
Revolution; to promote the celebration of
all patriotic anniversaries; to place a copy
of the Declaration of Independence and
other patriotic documents in every place
appropriate for them ; to hold the Ameri
can flag sacred above every other flag on
earth. In short, to follow the injunctions
of Washington, who in his youth served
his country, till all can peform'tbe duties
of good citizens, and to love, uphold and
extend the institutions of American liberty
and patriotism, and the principles that
made and saved this country.
All children and youth of America of
both sexes, from birth to the age of eigh
teen years for the girls and twenty-one
years for the boys, may join this society,
provided they descend "in direct line from
patriotic ancestors who helped to plant or
to perpetuate this country in the colonies
or in the Revolutionary War, or in any
other way.
The society will not discriminate against
any young people who want to be patri
otic, even if they cannot claim ancestry.
It will urge and invito to all public meet
ings all those children who want to go.
The promoters of this society will name
it Valentine Hook, for the soldier of that
name who enlisted in the Continental
army at the age of thirteen. The youngest
member of the society, and probably the
youngest enrolled in any patriotic organi
zation, will be Gertrude Holt Lofthouse,
the two-and-a-half-year-old daughter of
Charles P. and Fannie Gertrude Lofthouse
of Los Angeles. She is the great-great
great-granddaughter of the patriotic sol
dier, for whom the chapter will be named.
The following is the programme of exer
cises that will be carried out at the meeting
on Saturday:
Prayer..... Right Rev. William Ford Nichols, D.D.
Solo, "I Am King O'er Land and Sea"
_. ; „•••. • D. A. Darseu
History of the formation of the Rational So
„ ciety...... - w; Mrs. A. S. Hubbard
2? 10 --". ••• ....Miss Alice Partridge
Recitation, 'The Revolutionary Ri5ing"... .....
,„.•••• .....Miss Mabel Sweetland
Why the name "Valentine Holt" was selected
for our society..... Helen A. Haliowell
Song, "Legend of the Chimes" .....De Koven
R. P. Evans, Mrs. George L. Darling, Miss
Alice Partridge, L. A. Darsen.
Recitation, "Horseman in the 5ky"...*..........
„ ........ — Miss Daisy Kimbal
Presentation of Flag on behalf of Mrs. Deland
Stanford..... Colonel J. C. Currier
Acceptance of f1ag. .............................. .
„ •• - Herbert Ross Baker, color-bearer
"Star-spangled Banner". ...Mrs. George D. Darling
Recitation. "The Fight of the Armstrong
Privateer"... y .......... Miss Hatt ie V. Martin
"American 5hrine5". ........;. Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille
(Illustrated with stereopticon views).
Closing hymn, "My Country, 'Pis of Thee". ...
....v. ....... (Tune, "America")
VETERAN GUARD BENEFIT
Performances to Be" Given at
the Grove-street The
ater.
A Realistic and ; Beautiful Tableau
"In Camp at Night" Presented
by the Veterans.
The Veteran Guard, G. A. R., is an or
ganization that has performed escort duty
on many occasions in San Francisco, and
rendered like service in Eastern cities.
The guard always makes a creditable dis
play. It is armed and equipped as a mili
tary organization and stands ready at all
times to assist the State authorities in pre
serving order, yet it derives no assistance
whatever from the State treasury.
The Veteran Guard has always been sus
tained by the voluntary contributions of its
members and admirers in the Grand
Army. This week at the Grove-street
Theater the guard is listed for a benefit,
and to attract spectators special features
and unique displays have been provided.
The first performance was given last
evening to a fairly good audience, yet not
so large as the guard deserves, but when
th" object of , the performances and their
character become known and there is a
realization that it is for the old soldiers
who fought to save the country the attend
ance will increase.
It was a patriotic audience that occupied
seats in the theater, and when the orches
tra rendered "Marching Through Georeia"
as an overture the old soldiers and the
youngsters, too, marked time with their
feet.
As a curtain-raiser, thirty-five members
of the Veteran Guard, under command of
Captain Lauck, presented' a tableau that
awakened war-time recollections in the
breasts of those who faced the enemy more
than thirty years ago.
As the curtain rose there was heard the
familiar song, "We Are Tenting on the
Old Campground," and there was discov
ered a forest stage-setting with a realistic
camp night scene with tents, camprires
and black pots suggestive of getting a late
supper. Resting on the ground were
members of the guard. Some were
grouped around the cheerful fires, others
were reading letters from home, while
front and rear were sentries pacing back
ward and forward. 'y
Then there was the sentinel's call, "Post
No. 1; 8 o'clock; all's well," and this was
repeated from post No. 1 to No. 4, when
suddenly, a shot was heard, and George
H. Robinson, the front sentry, fell. The
long roll sounded, the men sprang to their
arms, and at the word of command from
Captain Lauck stood ready • to advance.
While they were in this position the cur
tain fell.
This beautiful tableau was loudly ap
plauded, and when, in response to an en
core, the curtain rose again, the company
stood at present arms. The camp scene
will be presented every night this week
with some slight variation.
When the long roll sounded many of the
gray-haired veterans, whose military ardor
seems never to lag, involuntarily rose in
the auditorium, but recollecting that they
were not on the battle-field resumed their
seats.
The play of the evening was the musical
comedy, "IT and I," given by James F.
Post, the celebrated Irish comedian, and a
company of players. It was presented in
good style and the players won much
applause. The same piece will be played
to-night and to-morrow night." On Thurs
day and Friday "Two of a Kind" will be
presented, and . Saturday matinee and
evening and Sunday night the play will be
"Fun on the Bristol."
The guard will attend the department
encampment at Santa Cruz.
SELLING POOLS TO BOYS.
James Ryan, a Young Gambler,
Fined $50 by Judge
Joachimsen.
John Rice, Clerk for Charles Kingsley,
Arrested for Violating the
Pool Ordinance.
James Ryan, a tall, slim youth 22 years
of age, appeared in Judge Joachimsen's
court yesterday morning to answer to a
charge of violating the pool ordinance.
Ryan was arrested on Friday while doing
a land office business outside the race
track with messenger-boys and newßboys.
He took up a position outside the fence
and close to a tall tree. A crowd of boys
gathered around nim and invested in 5
and 10 cent pools on the races.
As soon as the race was started Ryan,
who had a card in his hand giving the
colors of the jockeys and other informa
tion, climbed the tree and viewed the event
from his lofty perch. He kept his eager
patrons informed of the progress of the
race and at the finish was able to tell them
the names of the winners. Then he
climbed down, paid over the money to the
lucky ones and immediately sold pools on
the next race.
Policemen Cal nan, Thomas and Stand
ley pounced upon him in the midst of his
operations and sent him in. the patrol
wagon to the City Prison.
The Judge, after hearing the evidence,
found Ryan guilty and sentenced him to
pay a'; fine of $50 with an alternative -'of
fifty days in the County Jail. The Judge
severely lectured Ryan upon his conduct
in instilling into the minds of the boys the
desire to gamble on horseracing. He had
been arrested before, and was warned not
to repeat the offense, but the warning had
been unheeded, and he must suffer the
consequences. . JSKkSSH
A warrant was sworn : out in Judge
Joachirasen's court yesterday <by Police
man Peter A. Gillen for the arrest of John
Rice for violating the pool ordinance. On
Saturday Gillen went to Charles Kings
ley's poolrooms on California street, near
Sansome, and bought a pool-ticket from
Rice on a race at the Ingleside track. He
paid no commission and the money was
not sent; to the racetrack to be invested.
Rice was arrested and was released on
$500 bonds.::;;:/"
Boston has thirty-seven square miles of
area and 500,000 population.
A TUSSLE WITH RAINEY.
The Junta Has a White Elephant
and a Battle in the
* Forty-fourth.
TRYING TO KEEP SAM DOWN.
Chris Buckley Has a Month's Sickness
and His Followers Want New
Headquarters.
The open split in the Junta between the
leaders in control (Messrs. Sullivan, Pop
per, Braunhart and McNab) and Sara
Rainey is now the chief topic of interest
in Democratic circles where practical cur
rent politics is kept track of.
The question is. Can Sam Rainey be kept
in the obscurity to which he belongs? It
is an important question to the Junta.
When the anti-Buckley revolutionary
movement started the influence and the
votes in the general committee possessed
by Sam Rainey and John Daggett were of
vital necessity. These partners were able
to control about 125 votes in the old gen
eral committee out of 450, and without
them A. A. Watkins could not have been
elected chairman in October and the rev
olutionists given a chance to claim a ma
jority.
Rainey was then used for a purpose,
McXab and others said, but now, on the
eve of a primary election for the choosing
of a new general committee the leaders at
the helm are fearful that Rainey may se
cure a power in the organization too dan
gerously near a controlling one, and they
are engaged in the interesting and im
portant operation of suppressing Rainey.
Rainey wants to elect as many delegates
to the new general committee as possible
and Messrs. Sullivan Popper et al. want
to keep his strength down. It is not
alone Rainey's direct power in the anti-
Buckley organization that is feuied.
Rainey is a sort of white elephant to the
organization whiie it is crying political
purity because the presence of Rainey
among them looks bad while Buckley is
being cried down and anti-bossism is be
ing cried up.'^BteßffiWß^SSffrtpp^Ujg
A clean-cut issue is being fought on these
lines in the Forty-fourth District, and the
fight there is taken to be typical of tlie
general fight in the organization between
the Rainey and the anti-Rainev elements.
The result of the fight there will have its
effect on the whole machine. That dis
trict is one of Rainey's strongholds. His
forces there are led, as they have been for
many years, by George Maxwell, secretary
of the Fire Commission. Maxwell controls
tbe district, but opposed to him in the
anti-Buckley organization are Otto Kee
per, Senator Fay and L. V. Merle and
their • followers in that district. The
factional fight has been on since the
start of the Junta organization. From the
beginning to the present time the Koeper
faction has protested against any recogni
tion whatever of the Maxwell faction, as
serting that they would eventually run
things in the interest of Buckley. During
the time for registration the Koeper people
refused to register, declaring bitterly that
it was useless, because the Maxwell crowd
would win anyhow by the time-honored
methods of ''Buckley primaries." The
Maxwell people registered all right, and
now, according to the bonks, they are
about the only people entitled to vote at the
primary on the 24th inst.
If ths regular Democratic principle of
the majority ruling were allowed to work
at the coming primary, Rainey would elect
the whole twenty-rive delegates to the gen
eral committee, run the district and in
crease his strength in the general commit
tee. Chairman Sullivan has stepped in,
however, and ruled that the Maxwell fac
tion may name but twelve of the twenty
five delegates, and that ruling is an ulti
matum. It is a sort of military necessity
if Rainey is to be kept down where he be
longs. .
So there is fierce war in the Forty-fourth
and the battle extends to the whole field
to a certain extent. Maxwell has declared
; that if the majority is not given at least a
fair show, according to Democratic prin
ciples, he will jump the traces and that
will mean that Sam Rainey has declared
war.
Chairman Sullivan, Max Popper, Samuel
Braunhart and their supporters say, "Well,
let them get out if they want to. We will
really be better off without anybody who
knows Sam Rainey."
But Rainey and the Fire Department
people and John Daggett are not likely to
get huffy and get out on short notice, be
cause there is no other good place for
them to go at the present moment.
There will be a conference to-night at
Junta headquarters in the Flood building,
at which efforts to arrive at a settlement
will be made. The result of that confer
ence and the result of the primary will
clearly indicate Sam Rainey's degree of
influence in the anti-Buckley organiza
tion. This is the widest of the schisms in
the Junta organization just now.
The Buckley organization is not kicking
up much political excitement at present
Chris Buckley has not been in town for a
month. He has' been severely sick at
Raven B wood a good deal of the time, as
the result of an ' internal swelling in his
ear. He is out of bed now, and drove to
Livermore yesterday. He will be in town
before things warm up again and need his
sage political "advice." '
The Buckley organization, which claims
to be the "regular" local Democratic ma
chine, is going to have a new feature in an
executive committee of either seventy-two
or ninety members, chosen from the rep
resentatives of the various districts in the
general committee. This executive com
mittee will be, in fact, the County Com
mittee, and will run things to suit itself,
with meetings of the general committee
few and far between. This is following
the Tammany Hall plan of organization,
which Buckley greatly admires.
This will be the most important mea
sure which will be recommended to the
general committee by the committee on
revision of the constitution which Chair
man Rothschild has just appointed. The
committee is as follows: A. T. Spotts,
chairman; M. J. Donovan, Richard Barry,
Frank J. Fallon, J. C. ■Kealon, William
Humphreys.
The presidents of the district clubs of
the Buckley faction meet frequently at
the Occidental Club to keep track of the
good of the party. At the last meeting it
was decided to open attractive and ade
quate headquarters on Market street for
the campaign and a committee is now
searching for satisfactory downtown head
quarters. .
HEALTH OF THE PRINCE.
Dinner Given by General For
syth in the Bohemian
Red Room. . *
The Host Recalled a Famous Ban
quet Tendered by Victor
Emmanuel.
Last evening General James W. Forsyth,
U. S. A., Department of California, gave a
dinner in compliment to Prince Lonis of
Savoy, Duke of Abruzzi, and other officers
of the , ship Cristoforo Colombo of the royal
Italian navy.
The round table of the Bohemian Club
i was arranged ' for nineteen guests. The
restful music or solace of falling water was
given by a fountain banked by ferns and
illumined by electric lights. Lanterns and
candelabra gave soft radiance to the scene.
The guests of General Forsyth were:
Prince Louis of Savoy; Chevalier Aies
sandro Bertolini, captain Royal Italian
navy; Chevalier Umber to Cagni, First A.
D. C. ; Chevalier P. 13. Grimaldo, Italian
Consul-General; Horace >>. Piatt, Jame3
D. Phelan. Charles X. Felton, Louis B.
Parrott, Major N. E. Bates, Lieutenant J.
F. R. Landis, E. A. Bruguiere, Frank Mc-
Coppin, Colonel S. B. M. Young. Horace
L. Hill, Major J. L. Rathbone. Chauncey
R. Winslow, Thomas C. Van Ness and E.
W. Hopkins.
General Forsyth, in proposing a toast in
honor of the chief guest of the evening,
mentioned that he dined with Victor
Emmanuel, the grandfather of the Prince,
at Florence, Italy, in 1871. In 1370 Gen
eral Sheridan and General Forsyth trav
eled 10,000 miles to witness the scenes of
the Franco-Prussian war. They were in
the field with the Emperor of Germany,
and after the siege ol Paris went to Italy.
There they met Victor Emmanuel, and
the King advanced the annual dinner to
officers five weeks in order to allow the
American representatives to attend.
Central Forsyth referred to that notable
banquet in 1871, when eighty officers dined
with the Prince of Savoy's illustrious
grandfather.
The Prince acknowledged the compli
ment in a graceful but brief speech.
The dinner was a highly successful
function. The American and Italian flags
were intertwined, but American simplicity
prevailed at the banquet.
"Ivanhoe" has been given over twelve
times in Berlin, on each occasion with in
creasing success.
NEW TO-DAT.
Special Saving Sale.
A pretty «£* s '\
Decorated iKw
II avil a n d 4* #
China Af-
ter - Dinner -« /tJpo/'J^X
Coffee or 5 \%^fil Mf »J
O'clock Tea .^J^nLJ // IK
Cup and v^w'lP^^v?- I
Saucer with fcTSIS^ 'A
a beautiful \" 'iSw&J"*^-' \'v
little Sterl- ±\-^^y\
ing Silver *— — —^v^^^^Aa^
Spoon for 75 I\» I \** )>?
cents, worth $L^^~^
$1.50. Justf \ K~7 - iy*r— -
the thing c:A L / V '
for your tea * •
table. That's for Monday, Tues-
day and Wednesday only, remem-
ber Wednesday night ends it.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve's.
WANGENHEIM, STERNHEin* CO.,
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY.
fSZh-Bto For big men, little men, tal'
'7^ JISM men, short men, fat men and
b^i&st slim men. — Standard shir, s
■~>Sffi%ii are kept by all dealers to (it
tf'i^** any and all. See that Trade
NKUSTADTER BROS., Mfrs., 8. F.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
CALIFORNIA AND ENGLISH.
p. a. Mcdonald,
809 to 813 Folsom Street, and 300 to
400 Howard Street, from
Fremont to Beale.
Office 813 Folsom Street.
Peoples Home Savings Bank
THE NEXT DIVIDEND OF 10% WILL BE
paid by the Columbfetn Banking Co. on and af-
ter March 2, 1896. If holders of deposit books
will mail them to us with orders signed by them to
collect the dividend we will return the books wita
the money. COLUMBIAN BANKING CO.,
■ Mills Building, Sau Francisco, Cal.
WAGOXS. CARRIAGES tt\) HARNESS.
„.j&Li.,lUfllJU. Fifty per cent saved!
gjffiyliuLpffiy Factory prices— Send
\ fVJi/J Carts .'*lstos3»
. N/^JBg.y* Buggies $75 to $I'J5
JTBL* i^S«fi>?\7V Carriages. 100 to $'.'0 )
X>^flKr*j-?i!^*^\/A Wa * ons •* 5 " to 8100
fyfjJffUa!aya^^^S£/Y^\ Harness $3 to $25
fctTi w^^npyS^Pw^^J c sn 'P everywhere.
v^^'S^O'v/vA/'yVV/ eallfornia Wagon and
el gift N rjjj ngt f^° rri T Co., S6y 3 to
" __j^^y**\4 Fremont st., s. F.
ORATEFDL-OOMPORTma
EPPS'S COCOA
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
•"D V A THOROUGH KNOWLEDGE OF THB
XJ natural laws which govern the operations of
digestion and nutrition, and by a careful appllc*.
tloc ef the flue properties of well-selected Cocoa.
Mr. Epps has provided for our breakfast and supper
• delicately flavored beverage, which may save ua
many heavy do-tors' bills. It Is by the judicious
ese of such articles of diet that a constitution may
be gradually built up until strong enough to resist
every tendency to disease. Hundreds of subtle
maladlss are floating around us, ready to attack:
wherever there is a weak point. We may escape
many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well forti-
fied with pure blood and a properly nourished
frame."— Civil Service Gazette.
Made simply with boiling water or milk. Sold
only in half-pound tins, by grocers, labeled thus:
JAMES EPPS & CO., Ltd., Bomtt«,p»thta
Chemists, London, England.
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cures Ithcumatisin, Neuralgia, Uruisaa,
Sprains, Stiff Joints and Swellings.
IT STOPS ALL PAIN.
ALL DRUGGISTS bELL IT.
5Q CENTS AND »1 A BOTTLE.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
| Is a pojverful r.phrodisiac and specific tonic for the
j sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and a
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
| der. A great Restorative, Invigora'.orand Nervine,
bells on its own Merits— no lont -winded testi- '
monials necessary. "
NABEK, ALFS & Eiil'NK Agents
j 383 Market St., 8.- l.-(se n d for Clrcutir.)LADIES SALUTED
BY SIR KNIGHTS.
Reception and Banquet to
Golden Gate Com
mandery.
EXQUISITE DECORATIONS
The Ballroom Presented a Gay-
Scene of . Surpassing
Beauty.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES THERE.
The Function Pronounced One of the
Most Successful Ever Given by
the -Commandery.
The reception and banquet tendered last
evening to the ladies by Golden Gate Com
mandery No. 16, Knights Templar, at
Golden Gate Hall, was one of the note-
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR BANQUET AND RECEPTION-SCENE AT GOLDEN GATE HALL.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
worthy social events of the season. The
function was managed throughout with
admirable sailL Artistic effects produced
by the decorators elicited the highest
praise. The main or dancing hall pre
sented a scene of surpassing beauty, as the
ladies and their escorts were marshaled for
the grand march. Palms and ferns were
used on the stage and behind the banks the
orchestra discoursed the music. Gauze
fabrics set witn golden stars were looped
or draped over the foliage. A net holding
ferns was a pleasing feature of the decora
tions. The lights were admirably placed
and skillfully handled to -reflect varied
hues on the floor of the room and lend
effect to the foliage.
At 9:30 p. m. J. Z. Davis, floor manager,
formed the dancers, and the march began.
Then followed the lancers quadrille. Mr.
Charles G. Murphy, Eminent Commander, Golden Gate Commandery No. 16.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
Davis was assisted by a -floor committee
consisting o R. McMillan, J. M. Peel, W.
Px 11 " I '^- T - Kimball, J. G. Spaulding ,
and J. G. Edmondson.
After rendering the march music i
I assaea s excellent orchestra was divided
and a number of the musicians stationed j
in the balcony to discourse promenade |
music. The ballroom, whether viewed j
irom the main floor or from the balcony,
where many spectators were assembled, !
presented a scene of exquisite loveliness. j
Une of the best effects was an illuminated i
lemplar cross, and the gallery view of \
this was the most striking.
. /be artist in decoration did not pause in j
his efforts at the ballroom, but extended i
his artistic touches to the banquet hall. . !
It was noted that the Sir Knights of the j
Golden Gate Commanderv did not wear i
the Templar uniform, but observed to the |
utmost limit the fashion of evening dress.
Among the ladies present were many of j
conspicuous loveliness in person and at- .
tire, although there was not what society" j
would call a gorgeous display of towns i
and jewels. -V >'.'.."
At midnight the ladies were escorted to
the banquet halt below, where a superb
supper was served. The speech-making
was not extended, but consisted mainly of
a well-timed address of greeting by Emi
nent Commander Sir Charles G. Murphy.
Ampnd ihe ladies, Sir Knights and guests
present were:
C. P. Benedict, Mrs.' C. S. Benedict, C. S.
Wright, Mrs. C. S. Wright, Miss Helen E.
Wright, Percy Gedney, E. de Kay Townsend,
Mrs. E. de Kav Townsend, W. G. Richardson,
Mrs. W. G. Richardson, A. G. Booth, Mrs. A. G.
Booth, Mrs. J. Gillson, Mr. and Mis. W. M.
Fonda, G. Riley. Mr. and Mrs. E. 11. Morgan,
Mr. and Mrs. . R. Smiley, J. R. Chandler,
Mr. and Mrs. Martin Jones. Mr. and
Mis. J, B. Eraser, C. H. Wilson. Mrs.
G. ■D. Graham, G. D. Graham. J. McNab,
Mary Smith, W. ii. U. Hart, Mrs. W. H. H.
Hart, W. N. Brunt, L. Glass. Mrs. L. Glass, R. j
B. Hale, Mrs. R. B. Halo, G. E. Dow, Mrs. v. E. !
Dow, G. F. Heuer, Miss* Logan, R. L. C. Barnes. >
Mrs. K. '. C. Barnes, J. J. Deane, Mrs. J. J.
Deane, Mrs. R. B. Hunt, Mrs. F. Tracy, Mrs.
C. W. Beach, Mrs. W. B. Sumner, Mrs. L. Goss, ,
Mrs. l. G. Smith, Mrs. Tristan Burgess,
Mrs. T. K. Bechtel, Mrs. George Spaulding. |
C. Jost, F. Kocnig, Mr«. P. L. Lent, W. Faston,
Mrs. W. Easton, W. C. Mnrdock, S. Bennett,
Mrs. S. Bennett. A. McKay, C. P.Overton, A.
H. Vail, Mrs. A.' H. Vail, R. C. Emory, Mrs. R.
C. Emory. 11. Umbsen. Mrs. F. D. Stadtmuller,
Mrs. 11. L. Hosmer, .Mr-. D. E. Walker,
Mrs. J. B. Fargo, Mrs. Field. Miss Etta Zahn,
J. K. Wilson, Mrs. J. K. Wilson, W. F. Smith,
Mr.-, W. F. Smith, C. M. Osborn, Mrz. C.
M. Osborn, I. D- Code. Miss Bessie Code,
Miss Etta Umbsen, E. J. Vogle, Miss Juliet L.
Greninger, v.". < Dodd, W. G. Brown, Mr?. v, .
'•■ Brown, '.v. Cline, H. - ; Crocker, J. F. Dooiit
tle, E. R. Swain. J. I. Sabih, Mrs. J. 1. -Sabin,
Larry Baldwin. Mrs. Barry Baldwin, Harry N.
Gray, J. K. Featherstone, John Gillson.E. K.
Head, Mrs. C. E. Blake, Mrs. C.L. Bigelow, Mrs.
H. A. dimming*, Mrs. C. E. Whitney, Mrs. M.
11. Salsbury, Miss Josie Metson. Miss Meta
Koster, J. L. M. Shetterly, Miss Edna J. Scott,
H. C. Fraser, Mrs. 11. C. Fraser. Curtis Hillyer,
E. K. Warn i SJ L. Lent, Mrs. Willis G. Dodd,
T. M. McLacblan, Mrs. T. M. McLachlan, Miss
Lizzie McLachlan, Mr. and Mrs. J. Z. Davis,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Curtis, Mr. and Mrs. J. K.
Firth, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Crawford, Mr. and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBSUAEY 18, 1896.
Mrs. W. F. Pierce, Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Caswell, !
Mrs. W. M. A. Edwards.. J. G. Spauldinsr, Miss I
Daisy Gilraore, 1.. 'Osborn.'- C. V,'. .Nevics,' I
Mr. and Mrs. R. Ash, Mr. and Mrs. E. B. j
Moore, Mr. and Mrs. F. .W. , Sumner,
C. 11. Murphy, Dr. and Mrs.. O. F. Westphal, ;
Miss Lizzie M pir, M. Rvan, S. J. Hcndv. Mrs. S. j
J. Heiidy. H. M. Furman, Mrs. H. M. Kurman,
J. C. Campbell, Mrs. J. C. Campbell, Judge John ]
Hunt, Mrs. John Hunt, Judge J. M. Seawell,
Mrs. J. M. Seawell, W. E. Fisher, Mrs. W. E.
Fisher, Mrs. Bessie T. Smith; V. D. Duboee, Mrs.
V.-D. Duboee. CD. Ration, Mrs. C. L. Ration,
Miss Grace Banker, E. N. Deuprey, A. Mo-
Fadyen, Mrs. A. McFadyen, J. G. Edmondson,
John W. Cameron, Miss Maud A. Cameron,
Mrs. J. G. Edmondson, F. H. Ames, G. L. Fish,
Holland Smith, Mrs. Holland Smith, Miss i
Georgia Morse, Miss Beatrix Russell, Miss Ivy
Gardner, R. M. Campbell, R. I. Whelan. Mrs. R. j
I. Whelan, Mrs. Blake, F. W. Titus. Mrs. F. W. j
Titus, William dull', Miss Mabel Briggs, Mrs.
M. Moss, Miss Madge Smith, ■>(!, Hellwig, :
Mrs. ('. Hellwig, E. C. Hughes, Mrs. K.
C. Hughes, Miss Beatrice Hughes, R. McMillan,
Miss£.M«Millan,Mis«McMillan,T. Kirn patriot,
Mrs. William Cluft, Miss Laura Graham, L. A.
Maison, George Bates, W. T. Fonda, Mrs. W. T.
Fonda, J. M. Reel, Mrs. J. M. Reel, Thomas
Morffew. Mrs. Thomas Morffsw, C. L. Field,
Mrs. C. L. Field, G. D. Clark, Mrs. G. I). Clark,
William Edwards. Mrs. T. Kirkpatrick, Miss
Lou Wiles, R.T. Kimball, G. McLane, Mrs. G.
McLane, W. E. Lutz. Mrs. W. E. Lutz.W. J. L.
Kierulff, Mrs. W. J. L. Kierulff, J. Kelso, Mrs.
J. Kelso, W. ii. Metson, Mrs.- W. 11. Metson,
Fred Koster, Mrs. Fred Koster.
IT WORKED TOO WELL.
Amateur Electrician's Bell That Would
King; Until He Was Surely Awake.
He has rooms in a big apartment build
ing, and he has devised an elaborate scheme
to avoid sleeping too long in the morning.
He hasn't much faith in alarm clocks, be
cause he forgets to wind them up, and he
has discovered that pounding on the floor
has very little effect. He engaged the
janitor to pound on the door at a certain
hour every morning, but it failed to have
the effect after the first two or three morn
ings. Then he decided to try electricity.
He was an amateur electrician himself,
so it was easy for him to put a bell over
! the head of his bed and run a wire to the
j door. But no ordinary button would do
nim. He was afraid he would turn over and
! go tosleepagain as soon as. tjs« bell stopped
; ringing. Consequently he put a switch
on the outsdde of tho door and arranged
with the janitor to come un and turn the
switch at a certain hour every morning.
That would start, the bell ringing, and it
would not stop until ho got up and turned
off the current. He was naturally proud
of his device. He folt that he had solved a
great problem. And he had. There was
: no sleeping in that room after the janitor
j had turned the switch, for it was neces
! sary to get up and cross the room in order
to stop the noise.
But he overlooked one thing. He made
no arrangement for notifying the janitor
when he was not at home, and the first
night that he failed to come home there
was trouble. The janitor went to the door
at the usual hour in the morning, turned
the switch, and then went back to his
quarters in the basement, leaving the bell
in active operation. fif&BA
Occupants of adjoining apartments" were
unanimous in the assertion afterward that
the bell did not shirk its work that morn
ing. They did not think much of the bell
any way, but on ordinary occasions it was
shut off after a. few minutes of active
service, so they had refrained from mak
.ing any complaint. This time, however,
it continued its business at the old stand
for about half an hour, and they rebelled.
One by one they came to their doors to
see what the trounle might be, and later
enjoyed themselves by pounding on the
door of the amateur electrician's room and
yelling to the supposed occupant to shut
it off. Finding that that did no good, they
talked of breaking down the door, but
finally decided to send for the janitor and
let him do it. y
The janitor came and listened" to their
indignant protests. He harkened to
them patiently while 'they advised him to
knock a panel out of tbe door with an ax.
Then he quietly reached up and turned
ths switch, while half a 'V dozen sheepish
looking men crept back into their rooms.
However, one of them evidently came
out again, for when the amateur elec
trician returned he found that the switch
had been smashed. — Chicago Evening
Post. yr.A'3- .
Thomas Stumps was one of the greatest
clothiers in England. He lived in the
reign of Henry VIII, and is said to have
maintained so many in his trade that
when the above-mentioned king — had.
been hunting in Bredon forest— came with
his train of courtiers and servants to dine
with him he was not. surprised, but com
manded his workmen to abstain Tor one
meal until night, and with the same pro
visions gave the king and his court such a
plentiful entertainment of wholesome,
though not dainty food that they went
away well satisfied.
The Malmaison carnation has quite dis
appeared from the millinery of the period
in London, but only to befollowed by pale
pink camellias of precisely the same tint."
There has been some attempt to bring in
crimson and also white ones, but the pale
pink remains master ■'■ of the situation.
The only flower that comes into compe
tition with it ia the violet.
ZIMMERMAN MAY REMAIN
The Champion Cyclist Being
Urged to Ride Here at
the Indoor Meet.
SOME NEW HACING RULES.
The Racing Board Will Put Them
:■• * Into Effect Here Imme
diately.
: ■■ . . . ■ ■ - ■■ . .
" The arrival and presence in this City of
the world's champion cyclist, Arthur A.
Zimmerman, was the chief item of interest
before the wheelmen yesterday. His
records and exploits were recounted over
and o^er again, and any one who had a
story to relate about the champion found
i many interested listeners.
All day yesterday Zimmerman was be
sieged with callers, many of whom knew
him in the East or abroad. He was at his
hotel most of the day resting after his long
sea voyage. To-day he and his wife will
visit the park and other places of interest.
There is a proposition on foot to tender
"them a reception by the local clubs before
-they go East, but no definite arrangements
have been made.
Zimmerman is all that has been said of
him, and to meet him is to be his friend
forever after. lie is naturally quiet, mod-
est and unassuming, and speaks of his
successes in such an ordinary way, always
relegating himself to the background, that
the listener receives a positive shock..
As to his immediate future movements
he could not say. yesterday, but thought
he might go east the end of this week. He
will know better to-day. He is. delighted
with California weather as he has found it,
and likes San Francisco exceedingly well.
The management of the indoor tourna
ment to be held at the Pavilion in March
is desirous of having "Zimmy" stay here
and compete in tbe professional events,
and offered him a large bonus to do so,
but he does not think he will accept. If
he does the Pavilion would hardly be large
enough to hold the crowds that would go
to see the man who has defeated the cham
pion racers of every country where bicycle
racing obtains, and who is an American
through and through.
It. M. Welch, representative of the Na
tional racing board, yesterday wired the
riders who are trying for records, both at
Coronado and Santa Monica, that the en
forcement of the new racing rules would
be. made at once and that any, riders ac
cepting employment on racing teams or
receiving pay or expenses for riding would
at once be declared professionals. All
record work has been stopped at both
these places, as the men did not know
what to do. '..-,- .'..•■-
Mr. Welch, who has just returned from
the south, thinks the action of the Na
tional assembly in declaring against class
Ii and drawing the amateur line closer
than ever ia. a splendid move. With
the League of American Wheelmen
in control of both amateur and
professional racing, and with no
intermediate class, the sport should be
well conducted and popular. The public
has faith in the league to handle it hon
estly, and for the first time in the history
of .the sport, professionals will be looked
upon with favor, and not considered fakers
who might throw a race if it best suited
their interests so to do. .
The class B riders of the past have been
given the option of returning to the pure
amateur ranks, or joining the profession
als. It is thought that moat of the coast
men who were in that class will take the
backward step at first, remain ■ ama
teurs until they see what the crack East
ern riders will do. J This will bring
into competition all the fast class
A and B' men, that were, at the
coming indoor tournament.; The pro
gramme of events will be revised and very
few professional races provided for, as it
is thought the men will he so chary of
joining that class there will not be suffi
cient entrants to make the races amount
to much, unless Zimmerman rides. y • ;
As the league has sactioned ; Sunday
track racing in such States as express the
desire for it by a mail vote of league mem
bers, Mr. Welch is taking steps to find out
the feelings of the riders of this State re
garding Sunday meets, and, if they are fa
vored, we may expect to see them quite
frequently this year.
The entries for ■'■ the twenty-five-mile
handicap road race of the California Asso
ciated Cycling Clubs to be . held next Sat
urday closed last night and .will be an
nounced to-day. . yy ~ ' .
The visiting committee of the League of
American Wheelmen called upon the Im
perial Cycling Club last evening and was
cordially received. The committee will
visit the Olympic Cyclers Thursday night
and the Reliance Wheelmen on the 26th
inst.' : " ■'-.' " ' ;' - •■■-;.-
. Charles S. Wells, H. F. Terrill and W.
A. Terrill of the Bay City Wheelmen, who
are now in San , Diego, will start : for this
City to-morrow, so as to be here in time
for the. : association : road race, in which
Wells.will compete.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen's home
trainer tournament will commence this
evening, and should be quite interesting.
Threats. Against Life.
S. L. Braverman, jeweler, 121 Post street
swore out | a warrant in Judge Joachunsen's
court yesterday for the arrest of "John Doe"
Bergel, on the charge of threats .against" life.
The two have had a dispute abpuf a'lease, and
Braverman alleges that Bergel has threatened
to kill him. ■.':■'.
THEIR PLAY IS LIGHT.
Poolrooms Still Booking in Dark
ness on Ingleside Track
Events. /
McGovern, a 200 to 1 Shot at the
Track, Given a Crack Rider
and Held at 15 to 1.
The poolrooms or "commission houses,"
as the proprietors of these gambling dens
term their places, stiuggled through an
other day of misery yesterday, and, inci
dentally, the players also. There was no,
relaxation of vigilance on the part of the
track management, and the information, if
any, that was smuggled from the track was
so slow in reaching the rooms as to be prac
tically worthless in a business way. The
gamblers have about exhausted their re
sources in an endeavor to obtain the
scratched horses and betting and are
quietly resting on their arms awaiting the
reopening of the Bay District track.
There is no end of grumbling and com
plaint among the patrons of these dens
about the sharp practices resorted to by
the proprietors to fleece them of their coin.
Every day knots of men can be seen
standing on the edge of the sidewalk or in
doorways in the vicinity of these places
engaged in earnest conversation, and in
variably the topic is about not "getting a
run for .their money." The question is
often asked, knowing the questionable
methods of the gamblers, why do these
men risk their money in the hands
of the ■ tricksters? Not a few of
them are engaged in various business
pursuits ana ' can ill afford the
time and money they risk.. The gambling
spirit is inherent. The temptation is
thrown in their way and tales of plungers
on the turf winning thousands cause them
to try their luck. In many cases it begins
with a dollar and fickle fortune smiles on
the player. The next time a largeraraount
is ventured, which this time results in dis
aster. .In desperation the employer's
money is then used to recoup the loss,
with invariably the old story of shame,
disgrace and the penitentiary as the clos
ing scene. ; :y^y yy;y^
At best gambling on horse races is most
uncertain, but as conducted in the pool
rooms it is doubly so. Of forty-nine jock
eys that rode in the different races at In
gleside yesterday the poolrooms had
posted twenty of that number wrong. On
McGovcrn, a starter in the hurdle race, a
200 to 1 shot at the track, they had as rider
Hob Cairns, one of the ablest of the stee
plechase riders, with 15 to 1 offered against
him. The horse , was ridden by Rudolph,
a jockey of little reputation, and it cer
tainly looks as though the jocKey posted
and the false odds quoted was done to de
ceive the patrons of these resorts and con
vey the impression that a good thing was
to be sprung. " .
Riders were incorrectly given in six dif
ferent instances in the opening race, with
riders and odds- given on two scratched
horses. The odds quoted were also ridic
ulously lower than at the track, Ida
Saver, a 150 to 1 chance, being held at 15 to
1. Messin^er & Co. were "out of business"
during the second event, with its twenty
entries, for no jockeys were given and no
odds laid. At 2:20 p. M. a notice was
posted saying that tickets on starters would
be paid according to odds given in the
papers. •
Throughout all of the other races the
most glaring errors occurred. In the sixth
race Coady was chalked up to ride Duchess
of Milpitas, with 6 to 1 offered against her.
The mare was scratched in the forenoon.
Tim Murphy, who was the event at odds
of 15 to 1, was well thought of in the
rooms, 6 to 1 being all the gamblers would
lay against him. Japan, a 100 to 1 shot on
the track, with Reidy up, had 8 laid
against hira, with Hewitt as the supposed
rider. '
Bets were accepted on starters in the
fourth event three minutes after the race
had been decided. Notwithstanding all of
the questionable methods practiced in
these gambling dens dupes are found will
ing to risk their money in them, but so it
has ever been. Green-goods men con
tinue to ply their nefarious traffic, and the
thimble-rigger still travels with the circus.
Under : the cathode ray ' justice would
quickly cause their removal.
More eyes must oe damaged or lost than
most people suppose. Two million glass
eyes are manufactured every year in Ger
many and Switzerland.
NEW TO-DAT.
Gladness Comes
With a better understanding of the
transient nature of the many phys-
ical ills which vanish before proper ef-
forts—gentle efforts pleasant efforts—
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge' that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis-
ease, but simply to a constipated condi-
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrup of Figs, prompt-
ly removes. \ That is why it is the only
remedy with millions of families, and is
everywhere esteemed so ' highly by | all
who value good health. Its beneficial
effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy "which promotes internal
cleanliness, without debilitating the
organs on which it acts. It is therefore
all important, in order to get its bene-
ficial effects, to note when you pur-
chase, that you have the genuine article, ■
which is manufactured by the California
Fig Syrup Co. only, and sold by all rep-
utable druggists. . ,
If in the enjoyment of good health,
and the system,. is regular, then laxa-
tives or other remedies are not needed.
: If afflicted with any actual disease, one
\ may be commended to the most skillful
i physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
, then one should have the best, and with
the well-informed everywhere, Syrup of ■■
Figs stands highest and is most largely:
used and gives most general satisfaction. '
NEW TO-DAY. 'y.yy:
i^K^^^^bk^ih^^P^^ trie belt is in the strength of elec-
tricity it gives into your body. Thi 3
P^^^^^^^^*^ depends on the battery used. Dr. San«
i^^^^^P^ den's Electric Belt is made, strongly, almost
■K9t indestructible, and it is POSITIVELY GUAR-
ANTEED to generate a current of Electricity that you can feel
every time you charge it for one year. With care it lasts five
years. It has eighteen powerful elements, is perfectly insulated,
and possesses what no other electric belt made has, a regulator,
so that you can regulate it while it is on the body.
IT HAS MANY CURES.
The best proof of the value of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is
its cures. When you see the names of well known people in the
papers every day, people who say they have been cured by it,
you know that it has cured these people and it will cure you.
"It cured me of sciatica in 8 days," says John K. Knox. Mare Island Xavy Yard, Vailejo. Cal.
.. ''It cured me of nervous prostration and female weakness, which was so bad I could not
hold my head up at times."— Mrs. Amelia Quinn, 259 Richland avenue, San Francisco.
•t ''It cured me of * stitch in my back two years ago, and the trouble.has never returned."— J.
H. Price, Cedar Landing, Oregon. y -yy
One thing about the people cured by Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt is their intense gratitude. And why should they not be
grateful, when this simple appliance has cured them after they
had spent hundreds of dollars in drugging ? Dr. Sanden's Elec-
tric Belt treats all diseases in a scientific, natural manner. If
medicines will do any good they will be given free of charge
with the Belt. . Get the book, "Three .Classes of Men," free oa
application.
JS-A-IWXJiEtfNT EIjECTRIO C 50.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO-
Office Hours— B to 0 ; Evenings. 7to 8:30 ; Sundays, 10 to X.
NEW TO-DAT.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
i STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
DON'T PISS THIS BY.
■VTOW IS THE TIME TO BUY CHEAP, AS WE
JAi are still blockaded by the Spreekels fence, and
we are willing to make.bis reductions In the prices
of our Shoes as an inducement 10 our customers.
This week we are making a special drive on La
dies' Lace Shoes. They have fine - I/onyola Kid
Vamps, Cloth or Kid" Tops, Pointed or Medium
Square Toes and V-shaped Patent Leather Tips
with pliable soles, and we will sell them for
$2.35.
They are worth at least $3, and can be guaran-
teed in every way. - - - r ;
VllUtJl
Here is a bargain, and no mistake, and Ladies
who wear Oxford Ties should take advantage of it.
Ladies' Dongola Kid Oxfords, with Pointed Toes.
Patent Leather Tips and ! FRENCH STITCH
HEELS and Hand-Turned soles, for
$1.35.
They are easy on' the feet and require no break-
ing in. Widths t , D and E. They retail regularly
for ?2 and $2 50.
#5" Country orders solicited.
&S" Send for .New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address .
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
_____ RAILROAD TRAVEL:
SM FRASCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, S:2O, 11:00 a.m.: 12:35
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trla
at -.30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
BDNDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:80, 3:30,
6:00,6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2Sy 7:55, 9:30. 11:10 a. v.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 P. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. it; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 P. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
Leave In .... Arrive
San Fraucisco. Oct 28 - San t " ranclac *'
WmrSON-.' Ti-Mimftlon " Sirs- , I Wekk"
Days. I pays. destination. pays. [ Days.
7:40 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:50 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 pm; 5:00 pm | Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm; 6:15 pm
Fulton, .
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
i Healdsburg,
.'. Geyserville,
3:30 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
. __ Pieta, j
Hopland &
7:40 am 8:00 AM Ukiah. | 7:30 pm 6:15 PM
7:40 am I ! ! 10:30 am
8:00 am GuerneviUe. 7:30 pm
3:30 Tit 1 I 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:10 am I 8:00 am
6:10 .5:00 pm| : and 6:05 pm! 6:16 pm
I I Glen Ellen. |
7:40 am 18:00 AMI lehastonol 110:40 am 110:30 am
3:30 pm| 6:00 pxj "eoaatopoi. j 6:05 I>M ! 6;15 pM
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bolinas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Lakeport.
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Bine
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Usal, Westport,
. Cahto, Wllletts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Volley, John
Day's, Lively's, I Gravelly Valley, - Harris, • Scotia
and Eureka. '- .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. .•-• -.--■■..-
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. -
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building
'H. C. WHITING, • R. X.RYAN, ■•■'.
■■'.■■ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
RORTD PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1895.
- WEEKDAYS. .-
For Mill Valley and san Rafael— 7:3o, 9:16, ll:Ct>
a. M.; 1:45, 3:45. 5:15, 6:30 p. M. 
San Quentin— 7:3o, 9:16 a. m. : 1:46, 6:16 P. m.
Ex 11-.: trips for San Katael on - Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at -.30 p. m. •
--'■'-'.'■ SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San : Rafael and Ran Quentin—
8:00. 10:00, 11:30 A. m.; 1:30, 3:00, 4:30, *6:15
T. si. *Does not run to Sau Quentin.
', THROUGH TRAINS.
7:30 a.m. weekdays— and way stations.
1:45 p. M. Saturdays— and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes ana way station*
J RAILROAD TRAVEL:
LOW RATES BY RAIL
....TO
POPITIiAWD, JO^..
±m ijzz uM& s^i X 33^5
TUESDAY .....FEBRUARY 18,
And Every Fifth buy Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8:00 P. m.
*1 J" ft— Including Berth in Pullman Tourist
i «*> fl£? U Sleeper.
....ALSO....
j First-class tickets, including berth In Ql PL.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper, O-'- 1 -' —.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets bo
sold or baggage checked to such points.
Si" Through Tickets for Putjet Sound
points on Salo at Seduced iiut.es.
For further inform! ion apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), ban Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. U. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic -Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt_
ftOCTHIBRX I>APIFIC: COHPAST.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.) ■;'
Tmlaa leave nuilnrr «n»»- to Hi-i-lve as
NAN FKAK€IKCO.
7-eavk , — l'loit Nuvr.Mi'.!.:: 20, 1895. — Arr.ivs
«:30a Haywards, Niles and Way Stations.. 10:13 v
7:oo\ Atlantic Express, Ogden and Last.. 8:45p
7:OOa Benicia, Vacaville. Itun-.scy. Sacra- .
mento, and Redding via Davis.... 7:15*
7:3Ca Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
«- toga and fcar.t.i Hot* C:13«
8:80 a Niles, Sau Jose, Stockton, lone.
* Sacramento. Mao'sviile, Red Bfatfl
ami Sundays excepted Oiovilio. . . . 4:15^
•8:30 a Peters and Milton «7:13p
0:UOa Leandro, HayT7ards& Way St'ns 11:45 a
0:ooa Los Ancclt3 Express, Raymond,
(for Voscmite). Santa Barbara
and Los Anceles 4:45p
»:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:45 a,
10:00 a San Leandro, Kiyward3 and Niles-. 1:45p
1 2:OO.w San Leandro, Haywarda & Way St'ns 2:45p
l:oOpNiles, San and Livermcre 8:4.5 a
*I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *!i:OOp
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t~:*3*
It:00p SanLeandro, Haytvard3& V/aySt'n3 5:43p
4:«» Op SanLeandro, Haywardst Way St'ns 6:45»
4:00p Martinez, San Ramon, "Valiejo,
Napa, C'alistoga, LI Verano and
Santa P.osa Vila*
4 1 00* Renleia, Esparto, Woodland.
1 Knights L^ndiug, Marysvilie,
Gioville and Sacramento 10:19 a
4iSop Niles, San Joso, Livcimore and
Stockton 7:1S»
5:0 Op San Le^ndrc, Haywards & Way St'ns ' 8:43»
8:301- New Orleans Rxpi-ets.Fresno.Bakcrs-
Held, Bants Barbsra.Los Angeles,
Heming, £1 Paso, Ncn- Orleans and
East 10:13 a
3:30? Santa I'o Route, Atlantic l>xpreB«
for Mojave and Last 10:43 a
S:0»p European Mail, Ogden and Last.... 0:45 a
(tMp Haywards, Niles and Jose 7:155.
17:00 1- Vailejo i?:43p
7:00p Oregon Lxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
vilie, Redding, Portland, Puyet
Sound and Lust 10:45 a'
7:00p Kan Leandro, Kay wards & Way St'ns l«:50p
0:0«p San Leandro, Hay wards-W ay St-.s itIS:»SA
•Jl«*»sp"Sat:set fiualted," Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
ana Last fKrilSp
fflltlSr SanLeandro.HEywards&V/aySt'nn ~:1»A
SANTA Cltl'Z DIVISION (Narrow 0.-inge).
•iIOa Newark,Centervillo,HanJoSe,Felton,
, ' 'DouldcrCreck.SantaCruzandWay
Stations 5 :30 a;
•9:15p Newark, Centcnillc, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Civet,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *11 A
4:13r Newark. San Jose and Los Gates.... 9:.->oa
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion. San Jcsc and
Way hta cions f7:2or
COAST lUVISION (lliii.l A Tohiim-ikl Sis.)
6:43 a San Jose and Way Stations (New •
Almaden Wednesdays only), 1:4
SilSASan Jose, Tres Finos, Santa Crux,
■--.' Pacific -Grove. Paso RoUer, San
Luis OWspo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:05p
10:IO\ San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 5:00»
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:391
*S:3orSan Jose, Gilrny. Tres Pinos, Santa
'•.;■--■ Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
Grove «IO:40a
•3:: tOp Ban Jose and Principal WayStatious 0:17*
*4:3oi'San Jose and Way Stations »S:o6*
' 5:30 !• San Jose and Way Stations *S:lSa
C::iOi> San Joso and Way Stations 0:35*
• 11:45 p.Kan .lev and Way Stations ■'~:43»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SIS JRIBCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
»7:1» 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 »2:on 13-M
• •4:00 - 15:00 •6:ooi'.M.
From OiSliHD— Foot of Broadwsj.— : 00 8:00
' 10:00 a.m. 112:00 .*1:00 . *2:00 *3:CO t4:ofl
«5:00r.M.
, A for Morning. " r tor Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only. . .
tl Monday. Thursday and Saturday rdghts only.
TTuesdays and Saturdays S Sondava nt,d Tl'n"-^.^,
Atlantic
IrSxCit IC /Illiiliii^lP*
RAILROAD l^M^^^^i
Trains leave from end arriva
at Market-Street Perry. K^r^^^a^S^^i
) SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 3:30 m., carrying Pullmaa
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Cntcar«
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars to?
Denver and St. Louis. 'il
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
under Harvey s management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p. m. daily.
- The best railway from California to the Last.
New rails, new lies; no dust: interesting scenery j
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlnin»«
cars. <tsiisßfi&<bt*iifm)fijßtp&Bßs&&' i Bfr* ».
' Ticket Office— 644 Market Street, ►
Clirsciclo_BEilf«ics» \
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-ATi
' law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Residence, 1620 Fell St. Tela-
phone 670. Residence telephone, "Pise 2511."
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SIM MARY OF THE MARKET*.
soda Crackers advanced.
Silver unchanged.'
Wheat weaker.
Large arrivals of Cora.
Barley, Oats and Rye quiet,
Hay and Feeds: nffs unchanged.
Beans neclected.
Poiatoos weak.
Onions advanced.
Butter steady. Cheese firm. Eggs weak.
Poultry demoralized.
Game in light receipt.
Thirteen cars Oranges came In.
Vegetables weaker.
Stocks of Wool reduced.
Provisions unchanged.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains- ."Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
When the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north and
south along the coast, rain is probable: but when
the ■•low" is inclosed with isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon is improbable. With a
"high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast . warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win
ter. The reverse of these conditions will produce
an opposite suit.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agricul
ture, Weather BiKKAt-, San Francisco, Feb
ru irj- 17,1996,5 p. M.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka 24.73. last season 31.60: Red Bluff
18.88, last season 24.37; San Francisco 12.42, last
season 21.69; Fresno 4.09, last season 11.18; San
Luis Obispo, 12.25. last season 22.40: Los Angeles
5.91, last season 11.67; s-a:: Diego 2.82, last season
10.16; i'uma .46. last season 2.99.
The following maximum tempera' urea are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Eureka
70, 1- resno 70, Los Angeles 88, Red Bluff 74. Inde
pendence 66, San Diego 84, Ban Francisco 70, San
Luis Obispo 82, Yuma 82.
San Francisco Maximum temperature 70,
minimum 52. mean 61. There was no rainfall
during tne past 24 hours.
An area of unusual iy high pressure Is located in
Idaho and Northern Utah, from which section the
pressure diminishes toward the California coast,
These are the - -pica] conditions which in summer
cause hot waves In California, and with the con
tinued warm sunshine of the past three weeks it
has even at this season of the year produced ab
normally warm weather in this State. Maximum
temperatures closely approximating 90 degrees
have occurred in Southern California during the
past two days, and have exceeded 70 degrees
throughout almost the entire state. The tempera
tures are from 10 to 20 degrees above the normal
in California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight February 18, 1896.
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; probably
becoming cooler along the roast Tuesday after
noon: light easterly winds, becoming brisk south
erly on the nor. hern coast.
southern|California— Fair Tuesday: probably be
coming cooler on the coast Tuesday afternoon^
light to fresh northerly to westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah- Fair Tuesday. "
. Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday: prob
ably cooler Tuesday afternoon; light easterly to
southerly winds.
W. 11. Hammon, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 17.— The transactions
at the stock Exchange were light to-day, only !
169,350 shares changing hands. At the start the
market was inclined to weakness, chiefly on ac
count of an unexplained break in Manhattan from
105% to 103. be weakness of this stock made
timid holders lighten their loads, and at the same
time room operators and sold-out bulls contributed
their share to bring about lower prices. But little
success attended their combined efforts, and In the
afternoon trading in the entire list was on the ad
vance once more.
The main cause for the confidence prevailing in
the late session was the ease with which the suc
cessful bidders to the new Government loan met
their obligations and the announcement from
Washington that the Morgan syndicate had filed a
claim lor all defaulted allotments. The syndicate
has deposited la the sub-treasury here sufficient
gold to coverall defaults. The fact that the first
settl ment has been met without the slightest dis
turbance to the money market and that funds on
time are to be had at 5 per cent for all dates en
couraged the bulls also.
The particularly strong stocks in the late trading
were Lane shore. Tobacco, Louisville and Nash
ville, Jersey Central. Sugar, Chicago Gas and Man
hattan, lhe last-named jumped to 106%. Sugar
first declined to 112% and ihen rose to 115% and
closed within a fraction of the best of the day. It
was again rumored that the directors intended de
claring an extra dividend. The meeting for divi
de: d purposes will be held early in March. Leather
preferred ilxopi>ed to 84*4 on the revival of the
talk about the passage of the dividend, but later
rose to 66% 0n covering of shorts. In the Gran
gers -■ Paul rose| to 76%, Rock Island to 72%;
Burlington to 80% and Northwest to 104%.
Speculation closed strong Ye lone. Net changes
show tain-, of %to 2% per cent. Jersey Central
and Sugar led. Pacific Mail lost % per cent, clos
ing at 2914. It was slated that the trouble between
tlie Panama road and the company has broken out
afresh. The street had it that the freight Is being
•livened at -an Francisco 10 the Southern Pacific.
President Simmons of the Panama declined to talk
about the matter.
Donas were strong. Sales, $1,135,000. Canada
Southern seconds rose 2% to 107; Chicago Gas
liv- Ito 92; Hocking Valley general sixes, Ito
89; Louisville, New Albany and Chicago first
sixes. 1% to 1:0 ._,: Michigan Central consol fives
of 1931, 1% to liny: Northern Pacific thirds. 2
10 76; st. Louts and San Francisco trust fives, 5 to
85, and Toledo and Ohio Central firsts, 1% to 18%.
Orezon Improvement first sixes dropped 6% to
821 ._. and do consol fives. 2to 28.
in Government bonds, $544,750 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 1163 /8 (g,116% and £35, do regis
ter, at 118%.
• Grain.
. FLOUR— Dull, steady. Winter wheat, low
grades. $2 50®$3; do fair to fancy, $2 850890;
do patents, $3 9U®4 15; Minnesota clear, $2 70(a)
$3 30; do straits. ?3®3 50: do patents, $3 35(i
4 40; do extras. $2 30®3: city mills. 94 15@4 26:
ao patents, $4 35©4 sO; rye mixture, $2 50®3:
superfine. $2 10®2 70: fine, $2*1,255. southern
flour- Dull, steady ; common to fair extra, $2 40®
3: tood to choice do, 9333 SO. Rye flour— Quiei,
Steady, at $2 40@2 95. Buckwheat flour, $1 30®
1 35.
Bl OK WHEAT— 4I@42c. -
CORNMEAL-^Qniet, steady; yellow Western.
$2 2092 25; Brandywine, $2 20.
KVh- Nominal.
BARLEY— Nominal; No. 2 Milwaukee, 45c;
ungraded Western, 40®47c.
BARLEY MALT— Nomina!. ■
. WHEAT Dull, easier. No. 2 red. store and ele
vator. 79%(a.79-%c: afloat, BPa.BH.4c; f. o. b.,
raHl.', M . ■; ungraded red, 67@83c; No. 1 North
ern. 7: 9751 n .
Options were dull and weak at %@%c decline,
following the West and on local realizing with an
increase on passage. May most active, No, red,
March, 73.y 8 c: May, 71% c; June, and July 713 c!
stocks 01 urain. store and afloat February 15-
Wheal . 4,888,098; corn, 473,532; oats, 2,029,728
--rye, 27,123: barley, 282,056: malt. 8,329; peas'
-17,546 bushels.
CORN— HuII, firm. No. 2, 36% c elevator; 37% c
afloat.
Options were dull and steady at %c decline,
following wheat and the West with longs realizing,
•I ill y- and May most active. February, 363/ 8 c; May,
30 1 4 c; July, 371/4 C.
OATS— Steady, quiet.
Options null, unchanged, steady. February and
Mnrch, -_'s'^.c; May, 25. . c. Spot prices: No. 2,
2.v. he; No. 2 white. 26% c; No. " Chicago. 26% c;
No. 3, 24 %c; No. 3 white. 25% c: mixed Western,
26@27c; white Statennd Wes'.ein,27@2b%c,
Feed bran— 62%@6sc. ....
M ! DULINOS— 66@67%c. .
' EYE FEED— 6S@7Oc.
Provisions. ...'•■
BEEF— DuII, steady; family, 10@12c; extra
mess, $7 50@8; beef hams. $15 60; tierced beef,
quiet, firm: city extra India mers, $15(516 60;
cut meats, quiet.. pickled bellies 12 lbs, 6i*jc;
do shoulders. 'Ji/afn-ic: hams, BV2<S IW3
I.ARI'— 'OWir. Western steam. $5 72Va!
city. $5 10; May. »5 87^fc. Refined, quiet;
continent, $6; S. A., $6 25; compound. $4 75t05.
PORK— Quiet, stead y; mess. $10 50®* 10 (5.
BUTTER— Choice, firm: lair demand: Slate
dairy. 9®l7c: do creamery. 13@16V 2 c: Western
dairy. 10@13c: do creamery. 13@19c: do held,
12@17c: do factory. BV2@l'^c: Elglns, 19c; Imita
tion creamery. il(<alsc: rolls. B@l2c.
CHEESE— Moderate demand: fancy, firm: State,
large. 6@loc: do fancy. lOVic: do small, 6@loK 4 c;
part skims. 3Vi@7c: full skims, iy (d,3c.
EGGS— Weak: large receipts: State and Penn
sylvania 14(ffil4i4c: Southern, lfi@l7c: icehouse,
case, $1 75@3; Western, fresh, 13i/o@l4c; limed,
ll@12c: do per case. 9202 60.
TALLOW— Quiet, steady; City, 3 3-16@3%c;
country, 3%@4V&c
COTTONSEED OIL— Dull, steady: Crude. 22c;
prime yellow, 26@26V 2 c: do off grade. 26Vis@26c.
RESlN— Quiet, steady; strained common to good,
$1 60(&1 62V,.
TURPENTINE— Firm; 29y 2 @3oc.
POTATOES- Quiet, weak; Sweets, $204 78. '
RlCE— Firm, fair demand; domestic, fair to ex
tra, 3@6*4c; Japan,"BS/i@4c.
MOLASSES— Firm: New Orleans open kettle,
gOOd 10 choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Firm, 10 and 30 points up. March.
$12 50312 65; April, $12 25; May, $11 95(&J2 10;
June. $1180; July. $1150: s,pi"eni Wr. -*lO 9('@
11; December. $10 70iono 80. Spot Rio dull,
steady; No. 7, 13 Vic.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; dull; fair refining, BMO
bid: centrifugals. 96 test, 4c bid: refined, fairly
active, firmer; No. 6. 43 „c: No. 7, 4 5-lSc; No. 8,
41 4 c; No. 9.4 3-1 6 c: No. 10, 41/8°; No. 11, 4 1-1 6c;
No. 12, 4c; No. 13, 3 15-1 6 c; off A, 4 7-16 c;
mold A, 6i.'4c; standard A, sc; confectioners' A,
4%c; cut loaf and crushed, 55/ 8 c; powdered and
cubes, 6 Vic; granulated, 6c. :
Eruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Apricots-Bags, 9»/a
@12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 4i.:>@Bi-2c; peeled, 14
@15c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, 5' ii(Ssi4c.
1 RAISINS— Loose Muscatels. 3-crown,. 3140)31 2 c;
do 4-crown. 4V 2 @sc: do London layers, 80@95c;
do clusters, $1 25(81 45.
ALMONDS— soft-shell, 2 @Sc; do paper-shell,
1 ltd' 12c.
WALNUTS— Soft-shell, BV2@loc; standard, 6
@7c.
HOPS— Quiet; easy. State common to choice,
2V^@Bc; Pacific Coast, 2 V 2 @Sc.
WOOL— Firm, quiet; domestic fleece, 16ff122c;
pulled, 15(a,33c; Texas, 9@llc. "--.-."
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Falrlv active; American, $11 75®
$13 50.
COPPER— FiIm. lake. $10 50.
LEAD— Firm. Domestic, $3 15.
TlN— Quiet Straits, $13 40(413 45; plates, mod
erate demand.
SPELTER— Quiet. Domestic, $4@4 05.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 17.— 0n Liverpool's neglect
to respond to Saturday's weakness on this side of
the water and because of the cold wave which pre
vailed in most of the winter wheat states the mar
ket for that grain opened firm and higher this
morning. Quite a number of people were hoping
for a large decrease In the visible supply, and
bought In the belief that their hopes would" be re
alized. Returns soon showed that the prospects
were quite the contrary, and on the selling which
followed prices were forced back to the position in
which they were at the close Saturday. Liverpool
stocks of wheat decreased 110,000 bushels last
week. Receipts at Chicago were 134 cars and the
Northwest 466.
Local withdrawals from store were 8 4,797
bushels. The final result on the visible supply a
decrease of only 193,000 bushels and an Increase'
In the amount on ocean passage of 800,000 bushels
—gave the market additional declining impetus.
The English visible supply decreased 860,000
bushels. Closing Antwerp and Berlin cables were
lower. Paris was reported closed. Export clear
ances were moderate at 257.775 bushels. May
wheat opened from 66@65%e, declined to tisy-.
closing at 65% c bid. %@%c under Saturday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow 200 cars.
Reflected the strength of wheat at the
start aud took part in the subsequent easier tone.
Trading was limited. Receipts were 338 cars, and
4370 bushels were withdrawn from store. Liver
pool cables wen- quiet. The visible supply de
creased 214,000 bushels, and the amount on ocean
passage increased 880,000 bushels. Export clear
ances were free at 330,854 bushels. May corn
opened from 30\4@30' c - declined to 30c, closing
at 301 c, unchanged from Saturday. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow, 500 cars.
OATS— Were dull and steady. The advances
and declines in wheat and corn had the effect of
softening or hardening the tope of the market, but
the business was not extensive enough to produce
any radical change. Receipts were 220 cars and
210.799 bushels were withdrawn from store. The
visible -supply increased 415,000 bushels. May
outs closed unchanged from Saturday. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow 315 cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash, 90%g,91c; May, 92%,
®94c. Receipts were 43 cars. -
PROVISIONS— Were guided by the hog market
The run of hogs was unexpectedly large this morn
ing and prices for them suffered to the extent of 6c
to 10c. Provisions readily responded and declined
at the opening, but the buying was of sufficient
force to support prices after a sllcht loss had taken
place. May pork closed 5c lower. May lard a shade
lower and May ribs unchanged.
Closing; Prices.
WHEAT-February, 63c; May, 653/ c: July,
65% c
CORN— February, 28% c; May, 30' 8 c: July,
31te31i/ B e.
OATS— February. 1914 c; May, 21i 8 c: July,
21% c.
PORK— February, $9 85: May, $10 05; July,
$10 20.
LARD— February, $5 42%: May, $5 60: July,
$5 72 %.
Rlßs— February, $5 02%: May, $5 22%; July,
$5 30.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111.. Feb. 17.— There
was a good demand for cattle to-day and prices
were firm. The run or hogs was above all expecta
tions and prices suffered in consequence. A de
cline of 513,10 c was reported. The demand for de
sirable sheep was good and prices for that kind
were steady, but other grades were 10c lower.
CATTLE— Receipts, 15,000. Fancy beeves. $4 50
(£4 65: choice to prime, 1300 to 1750 pounds.
$4 10®4 40; good to choice steers, 1200 to 1600
: pounds, $38004; medium steers, 1150 to 1300
pounds, $3 60® 3 75: common steers. 950 to 1200
pounds, $3 2a®3 60; feeders. 900 to 1200 pounds,
$3 40®3 90; Blockers. 600 to 900 pounds, $2 60
(a.3 40; bulls, choice to extra, $3 (a, 3 50;
bulls, poor to good, $2@2 75; cows and" heifers,
extra. $3 50@3 85; cows, fair to choice, $2 50®
$3 40; cows, poor to good canners. $175®
2 40: veal calves, good to choice, $5 60® 6 50;
calves, common to good, $3 50®5 25: Texas fed
steers, $3 10@4 10; Texas bulls, oxen and cows.
$2 35*33 25; milkers and springers, fl head, $20®
40.
HOGS— Receipts. 40,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $3 95(g54 17%; common to choice
mixed, $3 90®4 22 Vi: choice assorted. $4 20©
4 25: light, $3 95("<t4 25: Digs, $3 20®4 20.
SHEEP— 19,000. Inferior to choice,
$2 50(g>3 65; lambs, $3 25®4 65.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 3%@4%; last loan at 3 1 '■>%
and closing offered at '6\' 2 %. Prime mercantile
paper, 6@7%. Sterling exchange was steady, with
actual business in banners' bills at $4 86%@4 86%
for sixty days and $4 873,4 for demand.
Posted rates, $4 87@4 88%. Commercial bills,
$4 85i,ifg,4 88. Bar silver, 673/ c. Mexican
dollars, 53%®54i4c. Government bonds higher;
State bonds dull; railroad bonds strong. Silver at
the board was neglected.
"'.vi: . 11-OPJNa STOCK*,
Am Tel & Cable.... 92 'Norfolk A Wes... is/ a
Atchison 10% Preferred 7
Preferred 2.4%: North American... 6
Adams Express. ..148 , Northern Paclflo.. 4
Alton.TerTeHaute. 68 | Preferred 143^
American F:xpress.lll ■ iNortnwestern 104 - 4
American Tobacco. 80 | Preferred 145'
Preferred 101 N. Y. Central 97%
Bay State J 8 N. Y. Chicago&S.L 13%
Baltimore A Ohio.. 35% Ist preferred..... 65
Brunswick Lands.. % id preferred...... 28%
Buffalo, Roch AY. 10% N. Y.& N. H 184
Canada Pacific... 67 N. Y.&New 48
Canada Southern.. 50 N. Y. Susq & W... 10
canton Land 60%' Preferred 271/2
Central Pacific... 15 1.4 Ontario 10y 4
Ches.<t.Ohio 176 /8 , Ontario & Western. 151/4
Chicago Alton 154 Oregon Improvmfc 2' 2
• Preierrea......... 170 | Preferred —
Chicago, a. A Q *f'> 'Oregon Navigation. 10
Chicago AE. 111... 43 Oregon Short Line. 7
Preferred 99 Pacific Man...;.... 29%
Chlcagouas 6x- ''« Peoria. V.A Evans. 3%
Cleve<fc Pittsburg. 160 Pittsburg & W pfd. 15
Consolidation Coal. 30 - Pullman Palace... l6l
Consolidated Gas.. 158 . Quicksilver is/
C. C. C. A St. Louis, M 7 3 1 Preferred ...... 15 2
Preferred..'.. 88 Reading...... 188*
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 29% RioGrande&Westn 17
Preferred 100 ! Preferred 44 .
Cotton Oil Cert 17 ,Rock Islana 72%.
Commercial Cable. 155 Rome Wat A ogden 11 .'l'
Lei. Hudson 127 Vi St. L. A S. W...... D
l)el.Lack<fcWesternl6iy2 Preferred 12
LenverAtlLU 12%' fit. Paul 765/ 8
Preferred 46%' Preferred 129
Distillers 18% St. Paul Dulnth. 25
General Electric... 81% Preferred......... 89
Erie.... 16% ! St. Paul <fc Omaha. 4014
Preferred 26 |- Preferred.. 122
Fort Wayne 162 St. P. M. A M 109
GreatNorthernDfd.llo Silver Certincates.. 673/ 8
Green Ray.. % southern Pacific. 20%
Harlem.... 29 5 . .fcoumern R. it 10
Hocking Coal •}%' Preferred.. ....... 31 1/2
Hocking Valley... 17 jfaugar Refinery....] 165, 8
Homesiake 30 I Preferred 100%
H. A Texas Cent-. l%Tenn. Coal A Iron. 33%
Illinois Central.... 84 Preferred 100 '
lowa Central....... 91/2 Texas Pacific • 83/.
Preferred 36% 101.A.A.A N.Micn, :
Kansas A Texas.... 13% "jol. A Ohio cen.... 0
Preferred....- 29~/ g Preferred.. 65
Kingston A Pern... 3 lol.St.LoulsA K.O. 6
Lake Erie <t Westn 2114 Preferred.: 14
Preferred 74 ;Unlon Pacific...... 67 /8
La*e Shore 1*4% v. P.. Den. A Oult 4
National Lead 27 • L. S. Cordage 55/ 8
Preferred 88% Preferred......... 11
Long 151 and...:.... 83 1 Guaranteed — 22
Louisville <fc Nash. 60 g C. S. Express 43
Louisville Na&Ch. 9% C. 8. Leather 26%
Preferred... 23 j Preferred 85
Manhattan Consoi. V. 5.Ru0ber....... 10S/ 8
MempnisA. Charts. 15' I Preferred 6 63/ 3
Mexican Central... 10 i lHlca<tß. River.. lsl
Michigan Central.. 94%' Wab. H. L. «fc Pac.. 7%
Minn .its. li — Preferred......... 18fi/ 8
- Preferred.........— Weiis-F^ai-go. 98
Minn. A St. L com. 20 ] Western Union.... 85%
Ist preferred..... 78 | Wis Centrai........ 3
2d preferred .... 48 Wheeling AL. X.. 123/ 8
Missouri Pacific.. Waft Preferred......... 38%
THE SAN r FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1896.
Mobile* Ohio 2 3i/a Am Cotton Oil old. 67JJ
Nashville Chatt.... 66 |W U Beer 6"i
National Linseed.. 1* I. J Traction.. ...... 21
N. J. Central 108*41 Ann Arbor 10 Vi,
= =-• " \ ci* N« BONOS.
I" 845.reg.... 109 |UKT2ds ...... .. 60
Do, 4s coupon... Do, 45...... • 85. -
US 4s new reg ll6Vg ! Mutual Union 65... 115
. Do, 4g coupon. ..ll6i/sN J Lent Gen 65...117i,i
Do. 2s 95 Northern Pac Ist*. 11 6^.
Do, 65...... 11-Vii Do. 2d5... 109 Va
Do. 6s coupon.... 112 Do, 3018 76
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 .Northwest Conso"ls!l39 l ' ,
• Do. 1897... ...... .100 Do.deb 65... .....108 V*
D 0.1898 100 lOß&Nlsts... 108 i/«
Do. 1899 100 BilxtlronMtQen 80
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... |»t L & S F-Gt-n 6s.lo6Vfc
C. 3-6 6s 110 St Paul Consols ...127
Ala Class A 4 108 St. P. C. &Pa lsts.HSVa
Do. Class 84, 108 I Do, Pac Cal ists..Ho
LaConsol4s 9834 Southern R. B. Bs. 93
Missouri funding..-.— j Texas Pacific firsts 87
B Carolina con 65.. 122 Texas I'ac seconds. 21
Do, 4s .....103%IUnlonPac lstof 96.102V4
so Carolina 4J/ijs. ..1065,g West Shore 4s. ..10b6fe
aennnew 55. .:.... SIS' 4 Mobile* Ohio 4b.. 68
V a funding debt... 61 V ( R Granae West lata 76 V 2
Do, reg Ches A 65... 1081,4
Do. deferred 69... 6' A Atchison 4s 765/-
Do, trust rcpts st. 6V 2 ! Do. 2dsA.._ 25
Canada South 2d s.. 107 OH ASA 65... .105
ten Pac lstsof '95.101 | Do. 2d 7s. . IOM
Den«fe R G Ist.. 1141.4! H A Tex Cent sa'.. OH
v^°'* a H9^s : Do.con6s 104
£rie2ds 72 Reading 4s 76
Kansas Pa Consols 73 Missouri tin. ...... 100
Ls Pa lsts Den dlvloßV4
LOIIEIGJi MARKETS.
WHEAT IN iiVKiiroor*
LIVERPOOL. Kno., Feb. 17.- the spot market
Is quiet at 5s 9d. Cargoes are dull at 29s arrived.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool Quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Feb.
ruary, 5s 7-l±d: March, 6s 7«Ad; Aorll, 78/ id'
May, 5s 7%d; June, 6s73^d.
HKCirRITIES.
LONDON, Eno., -Feb. 17.-Consols, 108%: sil
ver, 307 8 d; French Rentes, .
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.-
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ 84 8634
sterling Exchange, sight „ _ 488
sterling Cables'...... __ 4 8814
New York Exchange, sight — par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
line Silver, jounce ..;.. _ 67S'«
Mexican D011ar5....; 538,4 541^
LUMBER EXPORTS.
Exports of Lumber from San Francisco in Janu
ary were 1,737,000 feet, valued at 28.552, against
1,806,000 feet at $25,838 in January, 1895.
- 1 -»
PEODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Clan Galbraith takes for Cork
75.76 ctls, valued at $87,891: Lamorna.lfor Hull,
84,436 ctls at $105,600; Drumlanrig, for Cape
Town, 47,734 ctls at $54,978. . . ' ;
The market is steady and quiet at easier prices.
No. 1, $1 12%@1 13% ■& ctl: choice. $1 15; lower
grades, $1 05(s*l 10; extra choice for milling, $1 26
®1 30. ,
CALX, board hales.
Informal session— lo o'clock — May — 200
tons. $1 16%; 200, $1 16V-; 200. $1168/1; 900,
•■ $1 16: 600, $1 15%. December— 3oo, $1 14; 200,
13%.
Regular Morning Session— May-800 tons,
$1 15%; 1000, $1 IK. December— loo, $1 14; 200,
Sl 14%. 
Afternoon Session — December— Soo tons,
$1 14%; 300, $1 13%. Mav-500, $1 16; 300,
$1 15%; 300, $1 15%; 2 00, $1 15s /8 .
BARLEY— No change whatever. Feed, 68%®
70c "& ctl; choice, 71% c; Brewing, 75(ai82%c.
CALL ii.i.mii SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales. •
Aft moo.v session— May— loo ions, 72Vac;
OATS — Business was dull attain yesterday.
Milling are quotable at 75(&82%c fl ctl; fancy
Peed, 82%®87%c 9 ctl: good to choice, 75
(SB2 %c; common to fair. 67%®72%c; Gray, 76®
@82% c; Red, for seed, gl@l 05; Black, for seed,
90c®$l 20: Surprise, 95c(g,$l.
CORN— Receipts were large and included 1500
ctls from Nebraska. Tfie market is weak and dull.
Large Yellow, 90®92%c ft ctl; Small Round do,
$l(h,l 05; White, 80ia,85c.
RYE— B2%®Bsc ■& ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 85c@$l 9 ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— China steamer took out only 3577
bbls. Net cash prices are: Family extras, $8 90®
4-^ bbl: Bakers' extras, $3 80®3 90; superfine.
$2 75(g,2 85 9 bbl.
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $20 50@21-
Cracked lorn, $21@21 50 ft ton.
M I LLSTUFFS— in 10- tb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2 s 4 c; Rye Flour, 31/4 C: Rice Flour. 7%c; Corn
meal, (g,3 c; extra cream do, a c: 'oatmeal,
3." 1 4 c: Oat Groats. 4%c: Hominy, 4®4%c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 1 2 c: Farina.
4L 2 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4%c-
Pearl Barley, 41/2 C; Split Peas, 4%c; Green do.
6 %c ftrb. 
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— SI 3 60igil4 50 ft ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI 6 50(&18 for lower grades up to
$2o ft ton for the best.
FKEDSTUFFS— Moiled Barter, $16@17 ft ton;
Oilcake Meal at tbe mill, $21 ft ton; jobbing,
$21 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, $21.
HAY — Values remain undisturbed. Wheat,
$B@l2 ft ton: Oat. $8to9; Wheat and Oat, $8®
11; Barley, $7®9; Alfalfa, $7®9: Clover. $6(3)8 60;
Compressed, $7®lo 60; Stock, $6@7 ft ton.
STRAW— 3S(g,6Oc ft bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Nothing doing. Bavos, $I®l 15: Small
Whites, $1 26@1 65 ft ctl; Pea, $160fg»165;
Large Whites, $1 15@1 27%; Pink, 90c@$l 20;
Reds, $1 50I&1 65; Blackeye, $1 80&1 90; Red
Kidney. $1 75@1 80; Llmas, $2 26@2 65; Butters
$1 60'g,l 75 ft ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at $1 95
@2 05 ft ctl: Trieste. $2@2 20 ft ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40@1 60; Flax. $1 70®1 75; Canary, 3%
®3%c ft lb: Alfalfa o<<j,7c ft lb; Rape, l%@2c ft
lb; Hemp, 4c "# !b.
DRIED PEAS— Nominal at $1 26@1 40 ft ctl for
Niles and $1 25@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 3c ft lb; Stockton
Sweets, $1 50; Merced Sweets, $2@2 25 ft ctl; Sa
linas Burbanks, 60@90c ft ctl: River Burbanks,
30fa40c sk: Oregon Burbanks, 40®65c; Oreeon
Garnet Chiles, 50®tt0c; River Reds, 60(d60c ft ctl-
Early Rose, 80@76c; Petalumas and Tomales, 35
(gi4sc. -
ONIONS— The market is doing better again.
Good to choice quoted at 70@85c ft ctl; Cut Onions
60te65c; Oregon. $I@l 15 # ctl.
VEGETABLES— The market was generally
weaker. Cucumbers, 75c@$2 ft doz: Asparagus,
10®15c ft Ib forordinary and 17Vs($26c for choice;
Rhubarb, B@loc ft lb; Mushrooms. B®lsc ft lb;
Dried Peppers, B<aioc ft lb; Green Peppers.
ft Ib; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $I@2 ft box-
Green Peas, 3®sc ft lb; String Beans. 10rg,15c
ft th: Dried Okra, l 2V 2 c; Cabbage, 4u(^soc f. ctl-
Garlic, 4@sc »! lb; Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 *<
ton. • r, -y. r — -y
HITTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— There Is rather more on the market,
but prices are no lower.
Creamery— 28@29c ?! lb; special brands
go higher; seconds, 26'^27 1 /2 Cfl lb.
Dairy— Fancy, 26(a,27c: good to choice, 24®
25c; lower grades, 22 %@23%c.
FJas tern— Ladle- packed, 13@18c "& lb.
CHEESE— Continues firm. Fancy mild new,
12%®13c1?, lb: common to good, 10@l2c: Cream
Cheddar, 12®13c "$ lb; Young America, 12®13c;
Western, l-_'i/2@l 3c; Eastern, 13@14c-
EGOS— Were weak and quieter. Store Eggs, 16
@16c; ranch Eggs, 16@18c $ dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Hens and Roosters continue de
moralized and there are a good many unsold East
ern Hens still on hand. Eastern Hens are quoted at
85@5 50 «i dozen. •
Live Turkeys, ll@l2c fl Ib for Gobblers and 12®
13c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 13®16c: Geese TH
pair. $1 50ffil 75: Ducks, $4 60@6 for old and $6
®7 50 for young; Hens, $3®4 %4 doz: Roosters,
young. $4 50®6: do, old, $3 60@4: Fryers, $4®
4 60: Broilers. $4®4 50 for large and $;*.@3 60 for
small; Pigeons, $1 .603 25 9 doz for young and
$1 50 for old.
GAME— Arrivals were light. Hare, 75c(<£$l fl
doz: Rabbits. $I@l 25 for Cottontails and 76c for.
small: Gray Geese, $1 25@1 50; While 06686*750 ;
Brant. 75c«S*J : Honkers, $2@2 50; English Snipe,
: Jack Snipe, - — fl doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— "& box for good to choice, 60
@75c for common 10 fair and ?1 25@1 60 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS- Thirteen cars Oranges came
in. The market is dull. Oranges . are quotable at
75c@$l 25 for Seedlings and $175@2 75 for Navels:
frozen stock goes ' still lower; Lemons, $1®
1 50 for common and $2®2 60 for good to choice:
Mexican : Limes. $5®5 50: California Limes. 65®
85c: Bananas, $1 25@2 60 bunch; Pineapples, $2
(£5 fl dozen,
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, 2%@3c fl Ib for quar
tered, 3®3%c,¥ lb for sliced and 4%c fl lb for
evaporated; Peaches, 3Vii(Si4c '"$; lb and 2 @6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes.; 12c: Apricots, 7Vj(S)
B%c for prime to choice, 9%c for fancy and 10®
lie "«4 lb for fancy Moorpark;': Figs, black. 21/3 C
for unpressed: While Figs. 4@sc in sacks; Pears,
7c ft, lb for, evaporated halves. 4ft6y s c ft Jb for
quarters; Prunes. 3%c: (Plums, 4c ft lb for pit
ted and lVa@'2Yac for unpitted; Nectarines, 6@6c
ft lb for prime to choice and 6y»c for fancy.
Jobbing Prices— Apples. 4@4J^c: Peaches. 3@
4c and 5c for faucy; peeled, in boxes, 10@12y a c;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c ft lb for 40@60's
and 5c for 50@60's; Apricots, 6@9Vic for prime to
choice and lw(a»llc for : fancy Moorpark: Figs,
black, 2 Vi@2%c: White Figs, 3@ftc; Pears. 6y a c
for evaporated halves and 3@6y ? c for quarters;
Plums, 3Va@4cior pitted anil l@lL 2 c tor un
pitted; Nectarines, 4@sc ft. lb for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DIUED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, . carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Lon
don layers, 85(d,90c ft box; four-crown, loose, 8»/aC
ft lb ; three-crown, ' loose, • 2 Vic . 9 lb ; two-crown.
So: seedless Sultanas, 3»4@4c: seedless Muscatels,
'2 1 /2&2 3 three-crown London layers, 70c: clus
ters, $1 35(a)i 50; L'ehesa clusters, ?2 10@2 25;
Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75: Dried Grapes, 2 Vic
-%< lb.
Jobbing Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c: '3
crown, 2V4@2V c; 2-crown, I%®2c; Seedless Sul
tanns. 33 4 (oj4c: seedless Muscatels, 2V 2 c; 3-crown
London layers, 85c@$l; clusters, 81 40@1 50
Dehesa clusters, 83 26; Imperial clusters, 82 75
Dried rapes, 21/yC.
Chestnuts, 6@Bc fl lb; Walnuts. 7fifißc
V tt> for No. 1 hard and 9@9V'2 for softshell, Job
bing lots; Almonds, 6@7V?c for Languedoc and
a @loc for paper-shell, Jobbing: Peanuts, s@6c
for Eastern and 2 @4V2 c for California; Hickory
Nuts, 6@6c: Pecans. 6c tor rough and 8c for pol
ished; Filberts, B®9c; Brazil Nuts, @8c '£ lb;
Cocoanuts, $4 50<"g,5 fl 100.
HONEY— comb Is quotable at 10@12c fl lb
for bright and B@9c fl Ib for lower grades: water
white extracted, 5@5%c 9 Ib; Tight amber ex
tracted, 4V4@43ic; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2(g>3c.
BEES\VAX-24(5527c fl lb.
• PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 6 VaC f» tt> for heavy,
"V2C -TH lb for light medium, 9V a c for light. loy c
for extra light and 12V&C for sugar-cured; East
ern Sugar-curea Hams, lI^CS California Hams,
10r<filOV 2 c; Mess Beef, $8 # bbl; extra mess do,
»8 60; family do. $10: extra prime Pork, $9 # bbl;
extra clear. $16 "% bbl; mess. $14 %l bbl: Smoked
8.-ef, ]00)10V 2 c %* lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, Is quotable at 6V 2 c Vi
lb forcompouuu and 8c for pure; palls, BV2C; Cali
fornia tierces, 6c for compound and 6 ] - 2 c for pure;
half-bbls, 684 c: 10- lb tins, 7VsC; do 51b, 784 cfl lb.
COTTOLEiS E— 71/4 Cm tierces and 8c fi & in 10-
Ib tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted Steers, 7c
f* Ib: culls and brands. 6c 9 lb; medium, 6c; culls
and brands. 6c: light sc; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
hides. 6686V2C: culls and brands, 4@4V 2 c; salted
KiD. 3S Ib; salted Call, 8c V Ib; sailed veal.
6c: ary Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands. 7@7i/ a
flrv Kip and Veal, 9c: culls. 6V2@7c: dry Calf,
16c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25(<x>30c: medium. J6(ij
25c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@
16c ep^h; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40
(S.soc each; long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about Vie less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3V 2 @4c; No. 2, Sc;
refined, 534,0; Grease, 2V2C V, lb. . .
WOOL— stocks a. ) greatly reduced. We quote
Fall as follows: Eastern Oregon. 9@llc f* lb; San
Joaquin and Southern. 3@6c; Nevada, 9c f, lb.
HOPS-3@6c 9 lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
! BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 a @4 25; San Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags,
24@26c. ' ■ : ■ '.;;.?£
COAL— Wellington is quotable at $8 fl ton;
New Wellington, $8: Southfield Wellington. $7 50
* ton: Seattle. i?s<a)s 50-.Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay,
$5: Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50; Brvmbb,
$7 60: Cumberland. $13 50 in bulk and $15 In sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, : Cannel.9B: Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 60 in
bulk and $12 60 %} ton in sacks. -■ is?- "y .
BREAD The various cracker factories have ad
vanced the price of Soda and Extra- Soda Crackers
Vfcc H* tb: 3- Hi Cartoons are advanced 2c each.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c; Dry Granulated, sVic;
Confectioners' A, 61/8 C: Magnolia A, 4.y e: Extra
C, 4 Vac; (Golden C, 43/ c; half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes Vac more.
SVKUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
flgal. y '- '
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers areas follows: \ • ; -
BEEF— First quality. sVic; second quality,
4V2@sc; third do. :y (S4c fl "lb.
\ EAL— Large, 6@bc; small. 6@7c 9 lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6i/ 2 @7c; Ewes, 6@6V2C
¥ lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 12 Va: yearlings, 7@Bc
f lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4@4V4c for large and 414®
43 8 for small; dressed do, s@6Vic f) lb.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour.dr. sks 10.867 Middlings, 5k5..... 50
Washington 3,lßo; Hides, no 2,404
Wheat, ctls 76,138 Pelts. bdls..» 1.005 j
Washington 4001 Wine, gals. 49.500
Barley, ells 6,2401 Brandy, gals 1,800
Oats, ctls. 630 Butter, ctls 12;)]
Oregon 1,800 Cheese,ctls .... 16
Washington 2,900 Eggs, doz 6,130 !
Corn, ctls ". 3,3oo' Leather, rolls 107 j
Nebraska 1.500 Quicksilver, tlaslci 50 |
Bfrans, sks. 1,389 Paper, reams 7,650 1
Potatoes, sks. 958 Chicory, bbls 35 1
Oregon 70 Hops, .bis 16
Washington..... 214, Flaxseed, Wsh, sk 616
Onions, sks 135 Alfalfa Seed, sks.. 10
Hay. ions. 417 Lime, bbls 251!
Bran, sks 1,255'
THE STOCK MARKET.
The week opened on the usual listless' and un
changed market, the cause of which is sufficiently
set forth by the quotations without comment.
The new United States bonds were listed at the
Stock and Bond Exchange yesterday and will be
called regularly hereafter. . • ►'; • -.
> A shipment of gold bars, valued at about $88,
--000, being the product of a three months* run, has
just been received from the Apollo mine of Alaska.
The Live Oak Consolidated Gold Mining Com- .
pany has levied an assessment of 10 cents per
share, delinquent March 9.
The weekly reports from the Comstock are as
follows: y*'
Con. Cal. & Va., 1650 level— We continued re
pairing and easing timbers in the south drift on
the 9th floor (the first floor above, the sill floor of i
this level). On the 16th floor (the Bth floor above
the sill floor) an east crosscut, started at the north
end of the stope,' has Deen advanced 37 feet through
porphyry and quartz., assaying $-,> and $3 per ton.
1750 level— We continue to extract some ore from
the third, fourth, fifth and eighth floors above the
sill floor of this level, working through upraise 2
and through the upraise 3 carried up and from the
end of the west crosscut 3 on the sill floor of this
level, both upraises being connected with the fifth
floor. In working to the north on the west side of
these openings the ore continues to show a width
of three and four feet, assaying $30 to $45 per ion.
From these openings and from the north end of
the stops in old ground of former workings on the
fifteenth and sixteenth floors have extracted 195
tons of ore, the average assay value of which— p r
samples taken from the cars in the mine— was
$43 10 per ion. The total extraction of ore from
the mine for the week amounted to 195 tons (alt
from the 1750 level); average assay value of
which per sample from cars when raised to the
surface, was $38 58 per ton.
From the upraise, started -at the 207-foot point
in the northwest drift from the main west drift
from the C. <fe C. shaft, at a point 50 feet above the
sill floor we have worked south a distance of 10
feet and have saved from the narrow streaks ap
pearing there about 12 tons of ore, assaying $20
per ton.
1000 level— The north drift from the Con. Vir
ginia shaft station on this level has been advanced
40 feet, passing through soft porphyry and clay;
total length of drift, 615 feet. Have shinped to the
Morgan mill 412 tons and 1820 pounds of ore, as
saying per railroad car samples $38 25 per ton.
The average assay value per battery samples of all
the ore worked at that mill during the week, 260
tons, was $27 43 per ton.
In the Ophtr mine on the 1000 level the north
drift from the shaft station was adva ced 41 feet;
total length 451 feet in a porphyry formation car
rying clay separations. The south drift from the
station was advanced 23 feet: total length 356
feet in porphyry and clay. No changes are offi
cially reported to have taken place in the Central
tunnel workings.
In the Union Consolidated mine on the 900
level the upraise from the joint west drift 1620
feet west from Union shaft has been carried up
and timbered during the week a distance of 7 feet;
total height 212 feet. - The raise having been
stopped at, that point the remainder of the week
was spent in cutting out a station at a point in the
raise 115 feet vertically above the sill floor of the
900 level, from which It is intended to run one
drift north and one drift south In the ledge, which
at present yields small assays.
In the Hale A- Norcross mine the ore streak in
the openings from upraise 1 above the 975 level is
narrower than it was the previous week. In up
raises 2 and 3 the ore streak continues to look the
same as before reported. They have started to cut
out a station in the main south drift on the 975
level 60 feet south of upraise 2, preparatory to
starting upraise 4. Extracted during the "past
week from all the openings 32 carloads of ore, as
saying per car samples $20 71 In gold aud 30.1
ounces of silver per ton.
In the Chollar mine, from the fifth floor of the
stope above crosscut 2, 450 level, they have run an
east crosscut 15 feet, finding streaks of pay ore of
fair quality. On the track floor they have ad
vanced the north drift from crosscut 2 20 feet,
finding streaks of low-grade ore. They saved during
the past week and sent to the Nevada mill 21 tons
and 500 pounds of ore, the average battery from it
and the ore previously accumulated going $29.57
per ton. .
. In the Potosi mine they opened three sets of
timbers south in the track floor of the stope on the
450 level and raised four sets, finding pay ore in
bunches of fair grade. The ore saved has been
kept in the mine. The Nevada mill worked the
ore accumulated in the dumps, the average bat
tery sample going $-20 76 per ton.
Brunswick Look— Shaft I— The south drift
from the end of east crosscut 1 has been advanced
38 feet through porphyry, clay and quartz; total
length 107 feet From this point have started a west
crosscut 3 and advanced it 18 feet, porphyry and
quartz showing some value; ' also started a west
crosscut 2 from this drift at a point 65 feet from
east crosscut 1 and advanced same 21 feet through
porphyry and quartz showing some value. From
the end of the north drift from the station have
started a west crosscut and extended it. 35 . feet
through soft porphyry, clay and quartz, giving low
assays; total length 35 feet; ibis .crosscut having
reached the footwall It was discontinued. Shaft
2— The station has been completed and are now
running an east crosscut and have extended it 25
feet; face in porphyry. Gould A Curry Company's
tunnel— The west crosscut in the main north drift
from the month of the tunnel has been advanced
12 feet through hard quartz; total length 21 feet.
The reports from the other mines contain no
news of importance. :>'■'
In the Occidental they have finished cutting out
for a station on the 750 level. Machinery for the
air compressors will be put in place Immediately.
In the west crosscut on the 650 level they are In
promising looking ground."
BOARD SALES.
: Following were the. sales in the San Franslsco
: Stocit Board yesterday
BrOULAH KOBXncn session- roMMnyfiyu «?-,30.
600 A1ta.......l 51100 &C......42! 50 0cc1d.:...97
100 B<fc .79100 ............411200 S Nev. ....42
250 CCfcV...2.06 550 0cc1dt1....96|160 Uni0n. ...62
200 C P0int... 38 I
y-.y AfTKHN-OOir BKSBIOM— 2:3O. - " '
100 Alta 14 60 CC*V... 2.00:300 Potosi 51
100 8u11i0n. ...14200 Crown Pt.3B 500 Onion 0...52
100 Ch011ar....62j100 H&N...1.20J
Following were the sales la the Paclflo Stock
Board yesterday -.
. RKOUT.atc SKSSIOV— IO:7I.
300 Alpha 13 100 1.02 V. 300 Occld 97
600.... ..... 12 500 C Imp 02 200 96
600 Alta. 14 000 C P0int... .391200 99
600 Andes 16|300 38 400 Potosi 52
200 Belcher.. Exchqr....o6|soo Savage 48
300 B&B 79400 0 & C 41500 Scorpion. .o2
200 8u11i0n. ...13 400 H&N 1.22 '600 S Bet M...08
200 ............12300 Justice.. ..10 300 •SNev....^!
400 Caleda.... 08500 Kenick 06400 Union C...53
500 dia1ing.. .39;400 Mexican.,sß 200 Utah 12
600 63:200 Ophlrl.27i • | 300 13
300CC&V... 2.05|200 0vrmn....16 ! 300 V Jacket.,39
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3!).
400 A1nha.....1l 250CC&V2.02V2H00 Ophirl.2BV
300 A1ia.... , ....14 400 C Polnt37V»'4oo 1.25
200 8e1cher....26 200 O& C .42260 Potosi.. 51
200 B<fc B 77 250H&N ...1.20500 Savage. ...47
100 Bodie 35 300 .......1.17V 2 100 S Nev.. ..41
100 Bulwer.... 15200 Mexican. .sß 150 Union 53
400 Caleda 07 100 Mono 14 100 . .. 51
100 Cha11ge. ..37 200 Occidl.o2i/ 3 400 Utah 12
300 Ch011ar...63 300 ....... 1.00 100 V Jacket..39
400 ...; 621200 0vrmn....161000 38
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Feb. 17-4 p.m.
Sid.AsketU Bid.Ask'd.
Alpha C0n..... 11 12 Jackson.' 40 50
Alta 13 14 Julia — 06
Andes ..:.. 14 16 Justice 10 11
Belcher 25 27|KentucK. 05 07
Best & Belcher. 77 79 Lady Waih.... — ~ 06
Benton C0n.... — 40 Mexican 57 68
Bodie _ 35 37|Mt. Diablo 15 20
Bullion.. „ 13 15 Mono — 15
Bulwer. _ 15 — Nevada Queen. — 05
Caledonia... ._ 07 08 Occidental 1.00 1.05
Challenge Con. 37 380phir 1.25 1.30
Ch01iar. ........ 61 62 Overman ..... 15 16
Con. CaL* Va. 2.00 2.05 Botosi I 51 52
Con. Imperial. 01 02 Savage  47 48
Confidence : 98 I.oo, Seg. Belcher... 07 09
Con.NewYorx. — 06 Sierra Nevada. 39 40
Crown Point... 37 3RBeorpion 02 —
EastSierraNew — 04 Silver Hill . — 02
Exchequer..... .05 06 Syndicate...... 02 —
Eureka Con 26 —Union Con 50 51
GoUld & Curry. 40 42 Utah 11 12
Hale IS orcrs. 1.15 1.20: Yellow J Mint. 37 38
lowa'. — 041
:
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Feb. 17-2 p. v.
rSITEI) STATES BONDS.
Bid. Asked.x Bid. Asked.
C 8 4s c0up. .1091,4 — US 4s reg.. .1091 i —
Do, new is. a l 171/2! •
MIKCELLANKOITS BON'DI.
Cal-stCbless.llO — Do. 2d Iss 63. — —
CalElecL6s.lo6 — jPA OBy 6s. 105 120
Cnt ra C — 100 j P«fcCh By 63.1023,4106
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 - Pwl-st.RR6s. — 116Va
EdsnL&P 63.10514 — Reno. WLifcL — 105
F<SCHRR6s.IO6% — River W — 100
Gearv-stR53. — 105 sactoP AL. 100 102^4
LosAnzL6s. — 101 . (KF&NFRRSsIOOViIOOVa
Do,Gnted.6s.lolV2lo3 bFRRAriz6s 931/2 96
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — SPRRCaIBs.. — "109V 2
DoßyConss..loß 109 Sl'Rll Calbs.. — 97 v.
NevCNgRSs. — 100 SPBeKCaIOs. 96 V 2 97i/I
NPCRR6S. - 104 l HVWater6s..l2l34 _
NRy Cal 63. — 104 !SVWater4s._ vDh± 99Va
NRyCalss. — 103 BtkinU<fcEo4 lo2 103 <
Oak Gas 65.. 100 — jSunstT&T6s. 100 —
Do. 2d Iss 63. 102 14 — Sutter-stKss.lo9i/i —
Omnibus 119 1/4 - VlsaliaWCbs — 92
PacßollM6s.. — — j
; ■.'..* ' WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 40 60 1 San Jose — »5
Marin C 0... 49 63 jSpringVaUey 97 971,4.
OAK STOCKS.
Capital — 39 | Pacific Light. 46i/ 2 — •
Central.. .. 95 _ Sa^i Erancsco 72Vs 72 V 2
OakGL&H. 61 51 V ' Stockton. .... — 21Va
Pac Gas Imp. 78% 79V a ;
'.■V;' -' : insukanck STOCKS.
FlremansFd.ls9 — |Sun 60 —
COMMERCIAL havk stocks.
Amerß&TC. — — 1 London A. 128 —
Anglo-Cat... 6814 — London&SF. — 30
Bank of Cat.. 230 240 iMereh Ex.... 12 — "
CaISD&TCo.. 57 1 8 57 Vi Nevada .. — —
FlrstNatlonLl77 180 ' isatherßCo- — —
Grangers.... — — I
SAVINGS BANK STOCK*.
GerS&LCo.. — 1160 Sav,t Loan.. — 102 i/ 2
HumhS&L.IOOO — 'Security 240 — ■
Mutual...... — 41 Union Trust. 800 — :
KFSavUnlon4Bo 487V 2
S ■'■•' : r ;'.-:> ■"'•." STRKKT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 106 — .Oak.SL.tHay — 103
Oeary-st 60 70 presidio ..... 4Va —
Market-5t.... 45 45 V Sutter-st — —
POWOEU STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 15V 2 Judson — —
California — 98 .Vlgont. — 1
Giant, 15-ya 19 I
MISCKLLANJ.OI7S STOCK*.
Alaska Pkrs. — 96 OceanlcSSCo — 20
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMills.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — — Pac IAN Co. — 30
EdisonLlght. 9714 97i, Roll Mill 291/2 "Va
GasConAssn. — —'" iParfl'alntCo. 63/ 8 li
<;.r lead 10. 85 921, » PacTransOo. — 24
HawC&SCo.. 15 lSVaTacT&i'Oo 60 —
HutchSPCo.. 15S/ 3 19 |SunsetT&T.. 41 — •
JudsonMfgC. — — [United C Co.. — 25
MerExAssnlOO 110 I \. : ''■
mobnivi SF.SSION. .
, Board— 2o Hawaiian Commercial, 15.
Street-150 Hutchinson S P Co, 16; 10 Pacific
Gas Imp, 78%.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board— 2o Cal Safe Deposit, 67; 25 Hawaiian
Commercial, 16; 75 do, Js l « : 100 Hutchinson S
P Co, lbVfc; 100 do, 163,4; 100 do, 16%.
• — ■« — •
In the country districts of New South
"Wales children "attending school are al
lowed to travel free by railway.
• — «. — -. — '
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February, 1896.
Bu. M.j Tu.j W.Th.j Fr.
2 3 4 6 6j 7
9 10 11 12 jl3j 14
16 17 18 19 |20 21
23 24 25 26 i 27 128 I
2
Sit. „
; ! Moon's Phases.
j I
i^\Laat Quarter.
jv^ Februarys.
. 8 — : —
fc^j New Moon.
j <•;»/ February j3.
16 —
| First Quarter
■ WFcbruary 21.
22 i ■
f™\ Full Moon.
- 28.
16
OCEAN STEAMERS.
or Departure iromSnn l'r<tnrl>ro.
STEAMER. ; DKSTI.VATIOS |
SAIH.
Del .None.. j Grays HarDor. i Feb 18, 3pm ; :
Faralion... 1 aaulna Bay.. Ft- b 18.10 am PiVra
tr M") Coos nay FeblB.loAM Pier
Queen .... Portland.. Feb 18.10 am Pier 24
Zealandla... Panama....... Feb 18.12 m iPMSS
Point LiOina. Grays Harbor. ! Feu 19,12* I Pier' 2
Corona San Dieeo Febl9 llaii Pier 11
CityPuebla.. : Vie & Pat Una Febl9. AM Pier 9
Pomona rtumboldtHay Febl9. 2pm Pier 9
" om , er Coos 8ay...... Kebie. spm Oceanic
San Joan.... jCen America.. Feb 20,12 m PM.SB
Eureka.... NewDort Feb3l, «am Pier 11
State of Portland Keb23.lOAM Pier at
oantaKosa.. San D1ee0.. ... Feb23 11am Pier 11
Walla Wall, Vie & Pgt Snd ; Fob V 4. atU Pier 9
♦*■ * » ul """ INewDOrt ...... Feb 2s. 9am Pier 11
WUlamtVal Mexico Feb2B.l0 A M Peril
City Peking. China* Japan ■ Feb-25 ap^f |- m s s
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
.MKR ]
Dr X
City of Kverett Departure Bay...
Corona ; Humooldt Bay..
Willamette Vai. : Mexico...
City of Peking.. j China <S '.'.'.'.'.'"
Crescent City... ■ Crescent City.. ""
Homer.. Coos «ay m " m
Kureka Newport... . ..*"
Geo W Klder.... j Portland... . •••■••
San Benuo '. j lacoma •••--...
Pr0ere50........ ! Seattle..... .
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria A Piiget souna
State of Cal.v... i Portland...
Santa K05a...... , San Uletro'..* -••---••
North F0rk...... ; Humboldt Bay
C01umbia. ...... j Portland.. .. *"""
Costa Rica.. Departure Bay .'."""'""■
Empire;..; .. Portland '"
Pomona. tlumboidt Bay
Araeo .: coos Bay
Sti'am , Newport. .['
San J05e........ Panama.; "*.*.*"""
Belgic China and .Japan . ""
South Coast..... ] Portland "
Umat111a. ....... i Victoria it Pueet Sound
Quet-n... Portlantl
..Feb 18
i . .KeD 18
..Feb 18
: . . Fob 18
> ..Feb 18
..Feb 18
..Feb 19
..Feb 19
i ..Feb 20
..Feb 20
..FeD 20
i . Feb UO
..Feh 21
!..Fel> 22
..Feb 22
I ..Feb 22
..Feb 22
! ..Feb SKI
..FeD 23
I ..Feb 23
..Feb 23
1 ..Feb 25
..Feb 25
■ ..Feb 25
..Feb 25
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey Tide"!
Bulletin Publibhed by Officiai V
Authobityof THE Superintendent )
■_ Tuesday, Feb. 18. i Tuesday, Feb. 18
Sunrises ...6.s6|Sun 5et5........ .6.63
February— 1896.
Time:
[hw|
Feet
(Time!
!iT~wi
Feet Tinle iF«et: Ti me
1 H Wi \Z w
.« 2.29, : 4.7 X.51 1.1 3.10 O~g"^b It.
9 2.511 4.8 9.44-0.8 4.19 3.0 SST 21
!0 3.20 4.8 10.44 0.5 6.31 2.9 9SO 25
!1 4.01 4.8 11.50 ; 0.2 7.47, 2.9 10 : >l .75
12 4.56 4.8 12.55 -0.2 8.58 1 8.2 1139 so
!3 6.04 5.0 1.55-0.6 9.42 3 5 9 ' 30
L W Feet II W Feet L \V Feet ii"\V "i ; «ot
14 1.01 8.0 7.15 5.2 2.48 -0 910 17 *«
85 1 2.15 2.7 8.20 5.4 3.35 -1.2 lO^O! 4.?
NOTE-In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, aud the successive tides of the day in ,h«
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or riJl.t
hand column gives the last tide of the day excent
when : there ; are but three tides, as sometime,
occurs. The heights given < are , additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtract!™
from the depth given by the charts. y" ™
HIDKOGKAI'HIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hvhrhorai-hic Office., U» S. N. -»
-:..■': Merchants* Exchan«b. -.; " I
San Francisco, February 17. 189 ft .'■"•)
The time ball on Telegraph lull was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— c., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. if., Greenwich time,
A. F. Fkchtelkr,
Lieutenant U. 6, X., in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Entrance to Grays Harbor, Washington.
Notice is hereby given that the Outer Bar Buoy,
first-class can, black and white perpendicular
stripes, lately reported gone adrift from its moor-
ings on the outer edge of the bar, is now In [dace
in its old position.
Willamette Itiver, Channel to Portland.
Notice is hereby given that the Swan Island Bar,
single pile post light beacon (upper), and Postotlice
Bar, single pile post light beacon (lower), both of
which were recently carried away, have been re-
placed in their old positions in the Willamette
River. By order of the Lighthouse Board,
O. W. Fakknhoi.t. Commander U. 8. N.,
Inspector Thirteenth Lighthouse District.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY, February 17.
Stmr Willamette, Cushman, 3 days from Port
land via Astoria: produce, to Oregon Imp Co.
Stmr Point Loma, Conway, 70 hours frm Grays
Harbor; pass and mdse, to Grays Harbor Com
mercial Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 12 hours from Santa Cruz;
produce, to Goodall. Perkins it Co. '
stmr Mexico, Hall. 61 hours from San Diego,
etc: pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins ifc Co.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 52 hours from Yaqulna
Bay; pass and mdse, to C J Hendry, Sons A Co.
Stmr Crescent City, Allen, 32 hours from Cres
cent City; pass and mdse, to Hobos, Wall A Co.
Br stmr Progressist, Pinkham, SJ4 days from
Departure Bay ; 3700 tons coal to RDuusmuirAi
Sons.
Hal ship E Raegio. Sanguineus, 78 days from
Newcastle, NSW; 3010 ions coal, to It B Hogue.
Bark J D Peters, Townsend, 9 days from Port
Blakeley: lumber, to Renton. Holmes it Co.
Bktn Willie It Hume, Brigman, 20 days from
Honolulu; pass and sugar, to J D Spreekels it Bros
Co.
Schr Robert Lewers, Goodman, 20 days from
Honolulu; 21,679 bags sugar, to Williams, Dimond
&Co.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours frm Bodega; 40
bxs butter, to Ross & Hewlett, .
Cleared.
MONDAY, February 17.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; RDuns
m ir & Co. ;•---
Stmr Queen, Green, Astoria; Goodall, Perkins
A Co.
Br shin Lanaca, Giles, Port Townsend: WR
Grace & Co.
■:.'■'.'< 'i/': : Sailed.
MONDAY. February 17.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmoud, Nanaimo.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson.
stmr Greenwood, Carlson.
Stmr St Paul, Duggan, San Pedro.
Stmr Tillamook. Hansen.
Br ship Clan lialbraith, Hinds. Queenstown.
Schr Nettie Low. Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Western Home, Johnson. ;' --'ii
Schr Ottillle Fjord, Segethorst, Grays Harbor.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS-Februarv 17-10 v- Weather
hazy: wind NE; velocity 16 miles. •
Charier*. .
The Haw bark Santiago loads mdse for HIlo:
j Ger ship J D Bischoff, lumber at Vancouver for
Cork: Br ship City of Hankow, lumber on the I
Sound for .Mullen. 42s 6d— prior to arrival ; Br
ship Undina, wheat at Tacoma for South Africa.
Spoken.
Per schr Robert Lewers.— Feb 13— Lat 38 15 N,
long 130 50 W, a four-masted schooner (name un
known) bound north.
Feb 16— Lat 38 06 long 126 35 W, a barkentine
(name unknown) oounu north. j
J I i see Malleoli 4.
Per Crescent City— Feb 17—8 miles NW of Dux
bury Reef sDOke the schrMoro bound from Albion
for San Francisco 'with machinery disabled.
Domestic Ports.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Feb 17— Stmr Alcazar,
for Newport.
BANDON— Sailed Feb 16-Schr Joseph and
lienry, for San Francisco
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 16-Bktn Newsboy
for Launcesiou.
Arrived FeD 17— Bktn Skagit, hence Feb 6.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 17— Schr Zampa, from
Guaymas. *.-»:-. . •
TATOOSH— Passed Feb Stmr Umatilla, line
Feb 14, tor Victoria.
CLALLAM BAY— Sailed Feb 16— Schr Glendale
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr
Umatilla, hence Feb 14: ship Guardian, from
Ciiliao; schr Norma, hence Feb 8; schr Nokomis,
irom San Pedro.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Fab 16— Bark Gen
Fairchild, hence Oct 7 for Nanaimo.
Sailed Feb 16— Bark Wilna. for Nanaimo: Br
bark Darra, for Sydney.
USAL-=-salled Feb 17— Stmr Newsboy.
REDONDO— Arrived Feb 17— Simr ( ; ieone. from
Fort Bragg: bark Vidette, from Portland.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Feb 16-Schr Maweema, for
Seattle.
UM PQU A— Arrived Feb 13— Schr Lily, hence
Jan 31.
Sailed Feb 15— Schr Lily, for San Pedro,
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 17— Rus ship Fennie, for
Queenstown: Br ship Amulree, for Queenstown.
Arrived Feb 17— Schr Helen N Kimball, hence
Feb 7. y -- <
PORT II ADLOCK— Arrived Feb 16-Schr Azalea
hence Feb 1.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Feb 17— nktn Gardiner
City, hence Feb 3: schr Gem, hence Feb 7.
Sailed Feb 17 — Schr Mary and Ida, for San
Francisco. - ' .'••:- •■-". .' ■ . ? "■
GRAYS HARBOR— Feb 16-Schr J M
Weatherwax. for Santa Barbara; schr Premier, for
San Pedro; schr James A Garfield, for San Fra
cisoc. *
Arrived Feb 16— Schr Arthur I.hence Feb 4. Feb
17— Schr Twilight, hence Feb 2; schr Ruby A
Cousins, hence Feb 8; schr San Buenaventura," fm
Redondo. . ■
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr North Fork,
hence Feb 16: schr Jennie Thelin. hence Feb 9.
Balled Feb 17— Stmr Corona, for San Francisco;
stmr Alice Blanchard, for Portland.
PORT ANGELES- Hailed Feb 17— Bark Gen
Fairchild, for Nanaimo.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Feb 17— Sch Norma
hence Feb 7.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Feb 17— Stmr Excelsior, for |
Hueneme.
POST LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 16-Br ship i
Dunboyne. from London.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 17— Br ship Scottish .
Dale, from San Diego; schr Nokomis, from San
Pedro.
ALBlON— Arrived Feb 17— Schr Bessie X, hence
Feb 15.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb 17— Schr
Vesta, from San Diego.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 17-Schr Corinthian,
hence Feb 9; schr C 11 Merchant, hence Feb 6.
Eastern Forts.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 15— Ship Santa Clara,
lor San Francisco.
Foreigrn. Ports.
DUBLlN— Arrived Feb 14— Br ship Forrest Hall
from Portland. MSJUHMB
LONDON — Arrived Feb 15— Br ship Star of
France, hence Oct 11. v -
. Hl OGO— Sailed Feb 12— Br ship Bramblelye.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr La Nor
mandie. from Havre; stmr Bonn, from Bremen.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Feb 15— Stmr Noordland,
for New York.
DINNET HEAD— Passed Feb 16-Stmr Vir
ginia, from Stettin.
importations.
SAN LUIS OBISPO— Per Mexico— lo dressed
calves. y
Port Harford— l7 bxs fish. 50 bxs butter, 5 cs
type. 15 cs eggs. 2 sks walnuts.
Santa Maria— 33 pkgs mdse. b bxs butter, 250 sks
beans, 7 sks prunes.
Arroyo Grande— lß cs eggs, 3 coops chickens, 7
bis butter.
Los Almos. Los Olivosand Harr s— 3o bxs butter,
2 dressed calves, 6 bdls hides, 7 bdls pelts, 5 pkgs
tallow. 82 sks wheat, 6y 2 cs eggs.
Santa Barbara— 26o pkgs mdse, 98 bxs lemons, 6
cs tobacco, 6 sks C fish.
Niponia— l4 cs eggs, Ibx butter.
Divide— s bxs butter.
Los Angeles via S C Ry— ll pkgs mdse.
Los Angeles via Redondo— 26 pkgs mdse.
Port Los Angeles— lo bbls wine, 26 sks peas, 6
bxs tomatoes.
Los Angeles via S P Co— 93 pkgs mdse, 320 sks
plaster, 10 cs lobsters, 20 cs hardware, 9 cs syrup,
2 cs cigarettes, 68 bdis steel laths.
Redondo— ll72 tats oranges, 16 cs honey, 389
Sks corn. 198 lambs, 27 bxs lemons.
Newport— 6o bbls wine. 2129 sks corn, 5 sks
dried apricots, 60 sks walnuts, 51 bxs oranges, 70
sks dried prunes, 1 pkg mdse.
San Diego— 2s sks dried fruit, 10 cs oil, 1 bdl
hose, 10 bdls goal skins, 24 bdls C skins. 23 bxs
limes, 60 cs mineral water. 1 sk beeswax, 14 bxs
tangerines, 23 bxs limes, 60 cs mineral water. 1 cs
book?, 1 sk beeswax, 3 cs chocolate, 1 cs starch. 1
sk rice. 118 bxs lemons, 2, cs baking powder, 260
pkgs mdse, 4 pkgs tobacco, 1 1 bxs soap, 884 bxs
oranges.
I MOSS LANDING— y 2 bx butter. 2cs eggs.
Watsonvilie Landing— sß6 sks oats.
Salinas— ls23 sks barley. •
Blanco— l cs eggs. ..;.v.
SantaCruz— l9 pkgs household goods, Ibx but
ter, 43 rolls leather. 900 bbls lime.
Pigeon I'oint— l3 bxs butter, 34 cs cheese, 35 |
twin drums cheese, 10 bales seaweed, 1 sk aba- \
lones.
COSMOPOLIS— Point Loma— 249 bdls hides
and pelts. 660 cs salmon,
Aberdeen— l cs cheese.
Grays Harbor— s2 eds stave bolts.
South Bend— l 364 cs bxs fish, 47 bdls hides, 1 ok
tails, 1 pkg mdse.
PORTLAND— Per Willamette— B2s2 sks oats,
23 bxs apples. 8147 hf-sks 69*4 qr-sks flour, 130
bales excelsior, 298 bdls 298 rolls paper, 8160 ft
maple lumber, 8403 sks potatoes. 22 sks onions, 49
crts bacon, 101 bbls pickled meat, 7100 ft ash lum
ber, 5 cars box shook 108 pcs pipe.
YAQUINA BAY— Per Farallon— l47l sks wheat,
4045 sks oats, 250 hf-sks 1632 qr-sks Hour, 263 '
sks potatoes. 85 sks bark, 30 M ft lumber, 8 cs j
eggs, 6 coops chickens, 9 bdls hides, 1 cs dry goods, !
18 rolls leather, 21 pkgs buggies. 5 bdls "steel. 2 ;
bbls beer, 1 zinc-lined box, 1 bx fixtures, 2 crates |
laths. 18 sks oysters. 1 bx clothing.
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— 2 cases
meat, 3 cs mdse, 1 coop chickens, l.sk tea.h ers, 1
cs books, 2 cs type, 420 cs salmon, — MR lumber.
Consignees. '
Per Farallon— Ferguson & Co; 8 L Kline;
B G Ruhl A: Co: C J Leist & Co; Geo Morrow A- Co;
Allen ifc Lewis: Wellman, Peck ifc Co: H Dutard; B.
M Dobbins; W C Price * Co. Miller, Sloss & Scott;
StaufferA Co: Smith's Cash Store; Allen it Hig
gins; Standard Oil Co: W C Price A Co: O'Brien «fc
Sons: Morgan Oyster Co; SH Frank A Co; Chas
Jacobson <fc Co; W B Sumner & Co; Rosenblatt &
Co; P Wolff A Co; California Chemical Works; ZF
Vaughn: Sutton ifc Bebee. ■*-
Per Willamette— Tbos Watson; J P Thomas; J
Stencil Page it Son; Flint A Wise: Allen A Lewis-
F Hillens ifcCo: C J Leist & Co; MP Detels; G E
Sheldon: 11 ulse, Bradford ACo; Crown Paper Co-
Willamette Pulp <fc Paper Co; spring Valley Water
Works; Dalion Bros: D E Allison A Co: White
Bros; Jonas Erlanger ifc Co; E R Stevens A Co- I)
Herron: J A Heinanfr; F W Mirso: 11. Dutard- L C
Bushlaskifc Co; John F English: Oregon Fruit and
Food Co; Jansen, Rose <fc Heney: Wolf <fc Son- M
D Conway ; Geo Morrow A Co: C E Whitney &'ci-
Thomas Loughran; McDonough A Ruayoa ; Atlas
Milling Co: Anspacker Bros; Murray A Stein
hagen; McPherson A Rucser: Chas Jacobson A
Co: Geo Morrow & Co; M Sichel.
Per Point Loma— Grays Harbor Commercial Co;
Norton. Teller ifc Co; Kowaisky it Co; Balz Bros A
Co; Ninemire & Co; order; National Brewery: Cal
Barrel Co: S 11 Frank A Co; H Waldeck; Freder
icksburg Brewery; MBMoraghan; J Wleland;
Standard Oil Co.
Per Gipsy— Herman Joost: H Dutard; Pacific
Fruit Market: Wheaton. Breon & Co; Arctic Oil
Works: Dairymen's Union: Dodge, Sweeney A Co;
HCowellACo: Norton, Teller it Co: Kron Tan
ning Co; M Elirmau ik Co: Tillmann A Bendel:
order.
Per Mexico— Western Meat Co; H N Tilden ifc Co;
J Hoffman; Wheaton, Breon A Co: FBHalKht;:
C E Whitney it Co; M T Freiias A Co ; Hills Bros;
Kowaisky & Co; Martin, Feusier A, Co; Page <fc Son ;
Amer PressAssn; Dairymen's Union; M Cerf ; A J
B Immel <fct'o; Jonas Erlanger & Co; II Dutard:
Gould ifc Jaudin: a Schilling A Co; Geo W McNear;
American Union Fish Co: Camilloni ifc Co: Geo
D Starr: Ililmer, BredhoffdfcSchnla; Bell A Co: J
H Cain it Co; Brigham, Hoppe A Co ; P Gusmanl
<fc Co: J Ivancovich it Co; Gould A- Jaudin: Nor. on
Tanning Co; L Scatena A Co: Gray it Karbierl: H
0 Greenhood; KubleyerACo; TH Hyatt; Gray
Bros A Ward: Miller, Sloss it Scott Southern Cali
fornia Fruit Association: J Caire: Sachs Bros A
Co : Levi Spiegel it; Co: Eveleth A Nash : Blodgett
ifc Co: G Clements: Wood. Curtis A Co: Rothchild
& Weiss: CampodonlcoA Malcolm; VV H Miner;
Sherwood A Sherwood: A Oalli Fruit Co; Stauffer
it Co; C H Tetzen: C B Code A Co: Osmond A
Shrind: Adams* Son; A V Alexander: Baker A
Co: DE Allison A Co: Wetmore Bros: H a Day;
Wet more Bros; Sanborn, Vail A Co; Dalton Bros;
G B Starr; Trappoll & Co: T W Carder: a Jacob;
Dde Burgh; C D Barnett; E L Williamson; RR
Welch; II Morris: Levi Spiegel A Co: W N Jones:
11 Levy & Co; El By x bee; KCahn: S F Fried
lander: 3 Boyle: Burnett &Co: i'ac Ammonia
and Chemical Works: Trobock A Bergen: Spokane
Dray age CO;- Hawley Bros; ELSnell: II F Jack
son: OCarpyACo; Haas Bros: J Wigmore A Co;
WT Maurice; Miller, Sloss .V Scott: M A Ouust:
Long syrup Co: S Btebenbaner; Smith A Young:
li It Raima: Newberg- r. Betas A Co: 3 Seilig: 11
Waldeck: II Heckman it COS C B Whitney A Co;
A Paiadini; Norton, Teller A Co; Wltzel A Baker;
Labor Exchange; Relily, Walton A Co; Rothchila
A Goleher; Brigbam, Hoppe A Co: XV F Mitchell;
Russ, Sanders A Co; Smith's Cash Store: Chat
Jacobson A Co; 11 Kirch mann it Co: J M Moore;
De Bernard] it Co: Get/. Bros A Co; 8 Brunswick ;
Claybrough A Goleher; Russ, Sanders A Co; R
Topiitz-.
Per Crescent City— Hobbs, Wall A Co: G Heine
maun it Co; Thomas Loughran; Standard Oil Co:
Baker A Hamilton; Cunningham, A Welch;
Amer Press Assn; Wleland Brewing Co; Martin,
Feusier A Co; C Zwelbein.
ga& OFFICE FURNITURE
||jPJj^sf»t AND FIXTURES.
jttg»||F:rfc. F. WEBER & CO.,
IfflSr^BsS : . f) n to 30fi Post St.. cor. StoßUt>-i
OCEAW STEAMSHIPS.'
PACIFIC COOT STEAMSHIP COMAS!
CUT RATES
— TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
i First Class • &8.00
i Bocoud Class 6500
Meals and berth included.
! Ticket Office— Sew Montgomery Street.
OOODALL, PEKKINS A CO.,
* General Agent*
O. 3F?L c«3 3XT.
ASTORIA AND PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $§ First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery • street.
Columbia sails February 18 and 28
Slate of California sails. .February 23 and March 4
From Spear-st. Wharf (l'ier 24) at 10 a. m.
GOODALL, -PERKINS * CO., Genl. Snpts.
F. F. CONNOR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A*a
Broadway wharf, Sau Francisco, as fcSgjf
iollows:
For Mary Island, Lorin?, Wrangel. Juneau, Kil-
lisnooann Sitka (Alaska), at » a. m., Feo. 14, 20.
March 15. 30. .
For Victoria- and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and Nov
Whatcom IBellinguain Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Feb. 4. 9, 14, 19, '21. 29, and every fifth
I day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. it. p... at Tacorna with N. F. R. It.,
st Seattle with U. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Areata and Field.? Landing (Han*
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m.,' F-h. 3, 7, 11, 15,
'■ 19. 23, 27, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
i Port Harford (Sau Luis Obispo), Oaviota, Santa
| Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro. East saa
I Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a.m.. Feb,
j 3,5. 9, 13, 17,21, 25,29, and every fourth day
: thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
! Angeles, itedoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport 11
I a. M., Feb. 3, 7, 11. 15, 19, 23, 27, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mar.atlan. I*
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Willam-
t ette Valley, 10 a. it., 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
; street. ° *
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agenta.
10 Market st,, San Francisco.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
-^^3SBe»v Coolgardie gold fields
7» v fi'reeiiiaiitlv), Austra-
JWT^> HoKi**^"fTi lia: <F '-"- ,J ,irst tla ss:
mWF < £#£**i?\-l)V J ' $11 ° steerage. Lowest
jg^jd^F^^SfeT rates to Capetown,
Tj^f \^k A "strallan slcamor,
Honolulu only, Satur-
day, March 10, at 10
Spkciai, Pasties.— Reduced rates for parties
March 10 and Ann 7.
Ticket Oflice, 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BKOS. CO.,
. General Agents.
COMPAGJIE GENERAL TKA\S\TLA\TI<|IH
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NE\V).42 NORTH jfr*m
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by mm\\\\\m\
this line avoid both transit oy English railway ami
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160; second-class, 110."
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
■ ■ Feb. 29 If a
LA NORMANDIE, (.'apt. Deloncle '
LA GASCOGNE.' i apt. Baudelon. "... -; .T,6 A. M
LA-iRETAGNk;Vap,.-itupe;: M : m : h ' 10 A " M
■_--■■ ■••■■■■■ • March 21, 5 a. m
#S^ ior further particulars apply to
„ VT> ,A. FORGET. Agent, '
■-T p mm rSi 'V °.l vlttl ? Green, New York.
rx F. PUGAZI A 0 - Agents^ 5 ****»»**
avenue, San Francisco. - '
WASTE STAR USE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
BETWEEN
New York. Queenstown & Llvemool
SAILING liVKity avkkk! PO ° I *
pABIN.SOO AND UPWARD. ACCORD- jn-,.
Vv ing to .steamer and accommodations £immm\
selectel: second cabin, $35 and *40; MajesuoTud
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets
Failing dates and cabin plana may be procured
from W. H. A.VERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 618 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEA|_PACRET COMPAJT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL AM.
fortnightly for the West Indies and fistSfaSf,
Southampton, calling en route at cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, ln connection with ths
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
are to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through-tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: thirl
Slsss, 97 60. For further particulars apply to
FARROTT A CO., Agents,
' 306 California st,
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 5 P. 31, Daily, Except Sunday.
S3- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMER :
T. C. Walker. J. D . Peters,
Mary <.arratt. City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and Impt. Co.
VALLEJO, MIRE ISLI.\D,*BEMCIA, PORT
COSTA AID -.CROCKETT.
STU. MOXTK'KLI.O,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo-30 x. v
and 4 p. m. ; Saturday, l2:3o noon-
Sunday— » p. m.
*4 P. m. only.
j Landing, Mission 1, Pier 3.Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
TWO WOMEN'S EXCHANGES
One Is Run for Profit, the Other |
Is a Charitable Con
cern.
BOTH USE THE SAME SIGN.
A Dressmaker Refuses to Take the
Exchange Sign From Her
Window.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 17. ')
There are and there are not two
Women's Exchanges in this city at the
present time. There are two places orna
mented with the si^n of the exchange, but
only one is legitimate. Each is deriving
all the benefit possible from the name, and
the genuine exchange is said to be suffer
ing.
The trouble dates back from last No
vember. In that month the Women's
Exchange decided to move. It had occu
pied quarters since its incorporation in
the Centennial Hotel building, 'and owing '
to increasing business a move was decided i
upon. A commodious store was rented !
between Jefferson and Clay streets on
Twelfth, and the exchange located there. '
The Oakland Women's Exchange is an
organization presided over by a number
of ladies who are anxious to help all
women who are willing to help them
selves. It was established under distin
guished patronage for the purpose of in
augurating a medium • between women
workers and purchasers of women's work.
It has a full board of officers, direc
tors and an attorney. Its president, Mrs.
W. E. Sharon of 1402 Franklin street, has
done much to insure its success, and she
resents the manner in which the name of
the organization is now being used by pri- ,
vate parties.
The trouble originated in an oversight.
When the exchange moved, all its furni- !
ture and appurtenances were taken to the
new quarters. One exception, however,
caused all the trouble. The sign -'Women's
Exchange", was not removed from the j
window.
Mrs. Caldwell, a progressive dressmaker,
moved into the vacated exchange. She
Mrs. W. E. Sharon, President of the Woman's Exchange, Who Is Battling With
Dressmaker Over the L'sc of a Sign.
[From a photograph.]
took into partnership a young lady named
Miss Wiley and the business thrived.
Realizing that she had rented the sign on
the window as well as the window, Mrs.
Caldwell thought it would be a good propo
sition to make her store look as much like
the original exchange as possible. The
idea took shape, and pastry and fancy
work done by women were displayed, and
the institution that was run as a business
did as good a trade as that which was run-
Dine essentially for charity. It was also
given out that unemployed women would
be helped by having their goods sold at lv
per cent commission, and soon the dress
makers were doing a thriving business.
Many patrons of the exchange being un
aware of the change, continued to trade at
the old stand and purchased their pastry
there as of yore, and as the business of the
rival increased, that of the genuine ex
chance diminished.
Mrs. Sharon, as soon as she became ac
quainted with the facts, thought that the
dressmaker should be ousted, and she de
manded that the sign be taken down.
The landlady of the house would not com
ply and neither would Mrs. Caldwell. At
torney Baker was called in. and he said the
dressmaker was legally in the right, as the
exchange had given up the keys before
asking to have the signs removed. To
eject the dressmaker would require an ex
pensive lawsuit, so that mode of settling
the matter was dropped.
Each side of the emhroglio charges the
other with trying to ruin its business, but
Mrs. Sharon" says she has done nothing
but notify old customers of the change of
address. Both signs are still up.
NEW PLAN FOR SCHOOLS
Project by Which Berkeley May
Yet Have Some Needed
School Facilities.
Opposition to the Eastern Water
Rates to Be Discussed—
of the Coroner's Jury.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 17— Now that
the defeat of the school and wharf propo
sitions is a matter of history the citizens
'• Berkeley have begun again to consider
how it may be possible for them to meet
the clearly obvious need of better and more
extended school facilities. It is generally
conceded among authoritative citizens that
tlie proposition to bond the town for $120,
--000 to be expended in the erection of new
bool buildings was not defeated through
any lack of merit, but because of the
co-existence of the wharf proposition
and the antagonism between the
eastern and western sections of
tie town engendered thereby. The fact
that the overthrow of one was due to the
existence of the other seems to be estab
lished beyond a doubt.- To meet, in a
measure, the requirement for more school
buildings it has been suegested to the
own Board that they exercise the privi
lege granted to them by the new charter
whereby they might call.'after the proper
form has been passed through, for a spe
cial election, with the end in view of rais
ing $10,000. Following is the section
which covers this point:
If at any time the Board of Trustees shall
deem it necessary to incur any indebtedness
in excess of the money in the treasury applica
ble to the purpose for which said indebtedness
is to be incurred, they shall, if petitioned in
writing to do so by not less than 300 qualified
electors of the town of Berkeley, call a special
election by the qualified electors of the town,
to determine whether such indebtedness
shall be incurred; provided, that when such
Indebtedness proposed to be incurred shall
not exceed the sum of 10,000, tbe question of
incurring such indebtedness shah only be
submitted to the Qualified electors of the
town at a general municipal election.
such indebtedness shall be incurred without
the assent of two-thirds of the qualified elect
ors of said town voting on such question at
such election. Before incurring; such indebt
edness provision shall be made for the collec
tion of a tax sufficient to pay the interest on
such indebtedness as it lalls due, and also to
nay the principal thereof within one year from
the time of contracting the same, and such
tax shall be a special tax and the levy there
lor shall be in addition to the total levy pro
vided for in section 50 of this charter.
It has been suggested by ex-Town Attor
ney Thomas F. draber that the money
received in this wav be spent in the erec
tion of a single building on the Dwight
way lot, with the view of placing in it all
the grammar and primary grades from
the Kellogg School and to accomodate
the classes now occupying rented rooms.
It is believed that a building sufficiently
large can be erected for $10,000, and that it
could be made ready for occupancy by
next August or September at the latest.
Do Not Favor the Trip.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 17.—Consider
able opposition has recently been mani
fested in relation to the proposed Eastern
trip of University of California athletes to
compete on the track and held with Yale
and Princeton this spring. Many of the
alumni and students who rendered finan
cial assistance toward making last year's
tour possible object to any such undertak
ing this season. The ground of their ob
jection is that last year's debt is not yet
effaced, and, until it is, no additional ob
ligations should be contracted. Unless the
opposition from the graduates can be
overcome it is not likely that an Eastern
tour will bo made. Considerable support
is received from undergraduates, but with
out the backing of the alumni it is be
lieved that but little can be accomplished.
Several athletes are talking of endeavor
ing to pay off the old debt in time to par
ticipate in the Eastern games.-
Deputies .Nhiiicil.
BERKLEY, Cal., Feb. 17.— County Clerk
Jordan has named the following deputies
for Berkeley for the general re-registration
! which began this morning: George Shel
( don, F. W. James, F. W. Marquand, Philo
Mills, Frank Lowell, George Schmidt,
Fred Nugent, J. W. Striker, S. L. Scotch
ler for Berkeley. The deputies for West
; Berkeley are W. A. Nash, T. Wilson, and
W. R. Dickieson. For Lorin: W. C.
■ Moran, H. D. Irwin and Thomas A.
Evans.
The County Clerk will in a few days for
ward to the voters of Berkeley whose
names were on the last register affidavits
filled out with all the required informa
tion, excepting present age and place of
residence.
Berkeley's Boating Crew.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 17.— The Uni
versity of California boating crew is prac
ticing daily at the U. C. boathouse in Ses
sions basin, on the Oakland estuary,
preparing for their race against the Co
lumbias, which will be held on Lake Mer
ritt February 22.
The make-up of the crew will be: Cole,
stroke; Avery, No. 3; Trew, No. 2; Smith,
No. 1; Eckart, coxswain.
The Columbia crew will be made up as
follows, the same a3 last year: Haight,
stroke; Folger, No. 3; Kosborough, No. 2;
Leon Smith, No. 1.
Will Discuss Water Bates.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 17.— The Board
of Town Trustees will meet again as a
committee of the whole to discuss water
rates to-morrow evening. A meeting was
held on Saturday night, Trustees Jones,
Durrell and Cripps being present. Pro
cessor Randall was in attendance and
urged the adoption of a rate of oO cents
per 1000 gallons and regulations for the in
troduction of meters when desired by con
sumers. The question will probably be
decided in time for ths passage of an ordi
nance carrying out the decision reached
at the next regular meeting of the board,
one week from to-night.
Dangerous Runaway.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 17.— A runaway
occurred yesterday on Shattuck avenue.
A man named Smith was driving with a
companion when his horse became fright
ened and unmanageable. Both men were
thrown from the buggy and severely
bruised, the horse continuing to run till it
reached North Berkeley. Smith's injuries
were found to be quite severe, and it was
feared for some time that he had received
a fracture of the skull.
Death of William Nichols.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 17.— William
D. Nichols, a well-known West Berkeley
capitalist, died this afternoon at his home
on Addison street, of pneumonia, at the
age of 60 years. He was a brother of
Charles K. Nichols, and a native of
Herkimer, Herkimer County, N.Y. ;
Goodyear'* Advancement. •
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 17.— E. F. Good
year, U. C. '92. has been appointed Pacific
Coast agent for Macmillan & Co., the well
known Eastern publishing-house. Since
graduation he has been engaged in teach
ing, having recently been principal of the
Kern County High" School, which position
he gave un to accept the agency of the
book firm.
.•i ♦ «
Jersey City covers twelve and a half I
square miles of territory, y j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1896.
REV. MR. SCOTT JAILED.
He Borrowed Valuable Property
and Then Disappeared
With It.
ANOTHER CHILr MARRIAGE.
The Legality of the Police Court
Attacked on Habeas Corpus >
Proceedings.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 17. )
About a month ago The Call published
a story about Rev. H. C. Scott, who bor
rowed a valuable stereopticon lantern from
City Numberer D. J. MacMurtry and made
off with it. The clergyman has just been
arrested at Los Angeles and the Chief of
Police of that city has informed Mr. Mac-
Murtry that he is held on other charges
besides that of borrowing property. Mac-
Murtry at once sent an affidavit to Los
Angeles to secure his property, which is
worth altogether about $300.
Scott seems to be a ministerial adven
turer. He came to Oakland last October
and expressed a desire to deliver some
lectures about his experiences as a mis
sionary among the mining camps of Ariz
ona and New Mexico, as well as among
the natives. He claimed to be the repre
sentative of certain Christian mission
bodies, who supported him in his labors,
an d that he had a lot of interesting stories
to be worked up into lectures. He found
that Mr. MacMurtry had a lantern suitable
forgiving stereopticon entertainments and
then he claimed he had many beautiful
photographic views which he wanted to
show. He borrowed the lantern and all
the attachments on the understanding
that he would not go outside of Oakland
with it, but he soon disappeared and could
never afterward be located until the Los
Angeles police nabbed him as before
stated.
PAID THEIR LAST HONORS.
Funeral Services of the Late Commo
dore XV. XV. Blow Largely Attended.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 17.— funeral
services of the late Commodore W. W.
Blow were held from his late residence,
755 Jackson street, this afternoon. There
was a very large attendance of friends and
relatives of the deceased, who had called
to pay the last tribute of respect to one
who had stood high in their esteem when
alive.
The body lay in the parlor. On and
around it were a number of beautiful
floral designs, prominent among them
being a crown of nephetos and tube roses,
a wheel of violets, a pillow of the same
Sowers with the word "Grandpa" in im
mortelles, and a ilural representation of
the pennant of the Oakland Canoe Club.
The symbol of the organization, an anchor
cf white on a field of blue, was artistically
wrought in violets and immortelles.
The services were conducted by Rev.
Benjamin Akerly of St. Johns' Episcopal
Church, assisted by Rev. Mr. Simmons of
Ban Francisco. The music was rendered
by a quartet, consisting of Miss Bessie
Wall, Miss Mary Whitney, E. S. Gray and
L. T. Merwin.
The body was interred at Mountain
View Cemetery. -i- ~-
The pallbearers were F. S. Bowen, Com
modore Philip Caduc, Professor F. Soule,
.1 C. Hays, T. H. Darneal, S. A. Hackett.
Among those present were: Judge
Mhoon. R.W. Williams, Seattle; Professor
Le Conte, Spencer Brown, G. T. Wright,
J. P. Irish, E. A. Heron, E. C. Sessions, J.
P. Glascock, John Coffee, Frank L. Coffee,
J. Tyrell, T. L. Bromley, R. O. Whitehead,
D. W. Parkhurst, Judge Ogden, M. J. Mc-
Elrath, Sam li. McKee, W. D. English. M.
J. Laymance, J. M. Posten, Mayor Davie,
George Kaufman.
A QUESTION OF ONE MAN.
The Basis for an Attack on the Oakland
Police Court.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17.— habeas
corpus proceedings in behalf of Attorney
T. F. Garrity, committed for contempt of
court by Judge Wood of the Police Court,
have been continued until Thursday in the
Superior Court, when the questions raised
are to be argued in the case of Ah Quay,
the Chinese lottery-keeper. The point
raised is lack of jurisdiction on the part of
the committing magistrate.
Ex-Mayor Chapman is attorney in both
cases. Some years ago he succeeded in
knocking out the Police Court as estab
lished by the city charter, and now he
and wants to abolish the court
which was established as a result of his
former action. In his former case the
Supreme Court declared the Whitney act
superseded the charter, and that the Po
lice Court, therefore, must be established
under it. Now he appeals to the courts to
declare the Whitney act illegal.
The point on which the latest proceed
ing is instituted is that the Whitney
act applies to cities "having more than
30,000 and less than 100,000 inhabitants."
He claims that it should apply to cities
"having from 30,000 .to 100,000 inhabi
tants." This change would make a differ
ence of only one person in 30.000, yet it is
deemed sufficient upon which to base an
effort to knock out the law.
BILLS IN ABEYANCE.
Oakland's Council Does Not Want to
Pay for Testimony.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17.— The, bills of
the Chief of Police for procuring testimony
in cases against violators of the license ordi
nance were not passed by the City Council
to-night. Councilman Bassett objected on
general principles to paying for testimony,
as it was a dangerous practice. He
moved that the bills, amounting to
$300, .be rejected. An argument fol
lowed and Chief Lloyd was called on
for an explanation. He said that nothing
was paid to these witnesses unless a con
viction were obtained, and that the cost
did not represent 25 per cent of the amount
recovered to the city of fines in
the Police Court. It transpired that
one of the witnesses so employed
is now in the County Jail, having
been indicted by the Grand Jury for per
jury. When a vote was taken only five
voted to pay the bills, and as six votes are
required, they will have to be brought up
again when there is a larger attendance.
Chief Lloyd says he has surhcieut support
to assure them final passage.
Should Have More Gates. '
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17.— An inquest
was held to-night into the cause ot the
death of May Quill, who was killed at
Berkeley last night by the: local train.
There was very little evidence, as no one
saw the girl fall beneath the wheels.
The testimony was no different from
that published this morning. The jury
returned a verdict to the effect that death
was purely accidental. The following
rider was added :
"And we further recommend that the
Southern Pacific Company place gates
upon the local trains, so that future acci
dents of this kind can be prevented."
>'o G. A. R. Men Turned Away.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 17.— At to-day's
meeting of the Supervisors Church rose to
a question of privilege. He made refer
ence to a communication recently pub
lished by J. H. Shepard to the effect that
tbe Hospital Committee had recently, dis
charged some old soldiers from the In
firmary. Church said there has been no
old soldier sent from the Infirmary. There
had been a man who represented himself
to be an old soldier who had been dis
charged from the Soldiers' Home at
Yountville. He had not been in Alameda
County one day. He (Church) had been
told that the man's claim was not true and
the request had been denied. No Grand
Army man had been turned out and the
story of Shepard, said Church, was a
tissue of falsehoods. ". ' y.
Christian Kndeavor Officers.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17.— The execu
tive committee of the Alameda County
Christian Endeavor Union this 'evening'!
nominated the following officers, who will
be elected at the annual convention
to be held in the First Presbyterian Church.
Alameaa, March 13: President, W. S.
Condon, Plymouth-avenue Congregational
Church; vice-president, G. P. Lowell,
Brooklyn Presbyterian Church; recording
secretary, B. L. Lick, West End Methodist
Church, Alameda; corresponding secre
tary, Mrs. B. L. Spence, First Christian
Church; treasurer, Victor Stuart, First
Presbyterian Church, San Leandro. There
was a large attendance of ministers, most of
them being Presbyterians. Miss Mendora
L. Berry, general secretary of the mission
ary extension movement, was present and
made a stirring address.
San Leaudro's Light Plant.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17.— The demur
rer of the city of San Leandro to the com
plaint of A. C. Hammond, who seeks to
restrain the Trustees from selling $10,000
worm of bonds for the construction of an
electric-light plant, was argued and sub
mitted to-day before Judge Ogden. Ham
mond's point is that the plans were not
submitted to a competent architect before
advertising for bids. _ Town Attorney
Kan-son argued that this was a question
for the Trustees to decide. Since the suit
was brought against the Trustees they
have cut off the gas lighting of the city
furnished by the San Leandro Gas Com
pany, so the bookkeeper for the company
has brought the suit.
~So School for Palomares.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17.— A second
application for the establishment of a sep
arate school out of a portion of the present
Palomares district was denied by the Su
pervisors to-day. Superintendent Gariick
said the present district has ninety-three
children, just three times the number re
quired by law for two teachers. If twenty
scholars should be taken from the present
school there would not be left enough
scholars for two teachers and there would
be too many for one. Supervisor Church
said it would be poor policy to divide one
good school district and make two Jooor
districts. On his motion the request was
denied.
Another Child Marriage.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 17.— John Henry
Johnson, a lad IS years old, accompanied
by his mother and Annie Parnell Hallett,
a girl of 10, and her father. Deputy Coro
ner Hallett of San Francisco, entered the
County Clerk's office to-day and a marriage
license was issued to the children. An
immediate wedding was desired and the
parents took the younsters before Judge
Cl if who made them man and wife. The
party then returned to San Francisco.
There are mere notices of consent of par
ents posted in the marriage record book
since last November than during any pre
vious year.
General Kelly Again.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 17. -- General
Kelly, the celebrated leader of Oakland's
Industrial Army of two years ago, has been
heard from at Omaha. Last Saturday
night he organized a new political labor -j
society, the pledge of which is as follows:
Recognizing the necessity of labor organiz
ing for its protection, we, the undersigned, do
pledge ourselves to support no political party
Other than the party of labor, and we hereby
renounce any and ail political affiliations with
the Republican, Democratic and Populist -par
ties. y
Fortin's Company Attached.
OAKLAND, Cat,., Feb* 17.— The cred
itors of the Fortin Brick Company have
been obstructed in their efforts to" agree
for an extension of time because of two
attachments which have been levied. It
is the impression that if these attach
ments be withdrawn the creditors will
give the company at least a year in which
to settle.
Annie Parker's Funeral.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 17.— body of
Miss Annie Parker, which was recovered
from the bay last Saturday, was buried at
Mountain View Cemetery this afternoon.
Rev. Dr. Hobart conducted the cere
monies, which were strictly private. Sev
eral friends sent floral tributes.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Short Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 17. j
Theodore Oier to-day transferred 15,000 gal
lons of wine to the California Wine-makers'
Corporation.
Frank Nolan, of the Sporting Life gang, is
again in the toils. This time on two charges,
one of drunk and the other of misdemeanor.
The case brought by the License Inspector in
an effort to make San Francisco wholesalers
pay a license to deal with bakeries has been
continued until Wednesday.
The trial of Police Officer Lamping on the
charges preferred by Chief Lloyd will be con
tinued before the Police Commission to
morrow morning at 10:30 o'clock.
Complaints are continually reaching the
Mayor of dogs being bathed in Lake Merritt.
There is an ordinance against this and Mr.
Davie has asked to have it better enforced.
Judge W. E. Greene is confined to bed by a
severe cold. The probate calendar in his de
partment to-day was called by Judge Ells
worth. Judge Greene's illness is not serious.
Certificates of nomination by petition have
been filed by L. A. Booth and C, W. Randall as
candidates for members of the Sanitary Board,
and Mark L. Requa for Assessor, in the Pied
mont District, to be voted for Monday, March 9. j
J. A. Wagner was on hand in the Police Court"
this morning. Attorney Reynolds of San Fran
cisco was also present, stating that he had been
sent over by the Older of Red Men to look after
Wagner's interests. Tho cases went over to
next Friday.
The Health Department has about used up
[ the anti-toxine which was obtained in the East
about a year ago to be used in diphtheria cases
here. It has been tried in a number of cases
some showing good results, while in others the
effect has not been so noticeable.
The Prohibition State Central Committee Is
to meet on Thursday, February 20, at 2 v. m., at
tho Albany Hotel. It is to be an important
meeting. Finances of the year past and that
to come will be discussed and the time and
place of the State convention chosen.
That well-known resort, Beulah Park, is
being put in order for a month of camp-meet
ing and revival work, to be known as the
Holiness camp-meeting and to begin June 5.
These meetings will be conducted by the Rev.
Mr. Caradine, assisted by C. N. Crittenton and
others.
The steamer Arago, from Coos Bay, is dis
charging coal at the Webster-street wharf. On
her way down the Arago picked up the Areata
of the same company. The Areata broke her
shaft off Crescent City and was making' but
little headway with her sails when taken in
tow by her sister ship.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
Final Preparations for the Celebration
on Saturday.
The committee of arrangements having
charge of the celebration of Washington's
birthday by the various local councils of the
Young Men's Institute met last night at
headquarters. y ? J:;>
It was decided to decorate the exterior
of the headquarters and the interior of
Metropolitan Temple, in- which the ex
ercises are to be held.
The past presidents, the presidents, and
the past grand oflicers of the local councils
will be the vice-presidents.
■ The programme will be ready within a
day or two and on it will appear the
names of R. J. Harrison, W. J. O'Brien
Raymond Whitaker, Miss Anna Roney'
Miss Rose Broderick ana M. I. Grenan,'
who will take part in the musical and
literary exercises. y '*}•-"
The Rev. Father Clark will be the orator
of the day. :';:.;
LIVERMORE'S NEW LIFE
Society and the Ladies' League
Working Hard for a
Library.
THE OPERA-HOUSE CROWDED.
A Fashionable Concert Given for the
Benefit of a Public Library
Fund. (
LIVERMORE, Cal., Feb. 17.— Society
turned out to-night from all around the
city to help the Ladies' League of Progress
by attending the concert at the opera
house. Such a representative gathering
has not been seen here in years.
The ladies' toilets were rich and attract
ive and the house presented a very ani
mated appearance. Enthusiasm of the
MRS. BRISTORIOUS, Secretary. MRS. MARTHA GORDON, Treasurer.
OFFICERS OF THE LADIES* LEAGUE OF PROGRESS.
: genuine sort was exhibted all through the
• evening and when the last encore was re
: sponded to everybody felt that a new turn
I had been taken at the wheel of progress.
The concert meant much for Livermore.
It was given for the purpose of aiding the
l ladies in establishing a free public library.
The Ladies' League has undertaken to
1 work in unison with the League of Prog
ress and under the influence of the two re
t cently organized and principal societies a
| new impulse has been imparted to the life
j and activity of the town.
Referring to the library project Mrs. C.
E. Cunningham, a member of the league,
said yesterday:
This matter of establishing a library is no
I child's play, and we must think earnestly of it.
I No less than a monthly subscription of $50
: should be considered a sufficient sum to con
j duct it. There are 40 of us. If each one of us
' will bring in four subscriptions of 25 cents
' each at the next, meeting, that sum added to
I our quarterly dues will more than make the
! specified amount, and only reach 184 people
j besides ourselves. We must ask the co-opera
-1 tion of non-resident owners on this proposition
j also. We must ask the country people to sub
scribe. It is their"right and privilege, and
must not be overlooked. The young men of
the outlying districts are to derive much bene
-1 fit and pleasure, 1 hope, froml this reading
room. Many of them are bachelors, and hav
ing no other place to spend their time when
they come for the mail, go to the saloon. On
j the tables should be the daily papers, an agri
; cultural paper, a poultry journal, a stock
journal, the standard magazines, besides the
juvenile papers and magazines. There should
be a fashion book too, lor the farmers' wives
who will often wait there on warm summer
days till the heat of the day passes off. We
must have a good librarian, who will do his
duty and see that we do ours.
In conclusion, Mrs. Cunningham earnestly
declared that the league's work was real, prac
tical, Christian effort, and worthy the conse
crated effort of all lovers of the church. "The
eyes of the world," she said, "are upon Cali
fornia women. They lose nothing in true
womanliness when they exert their influence
for the public weal. We will be loyal to Amer-
Attorney Asa Mendenhall and Madison
Livermore Ladies'
ica because she is our country, loyal to Cali
fornia because she is our State, loyal to Liver
more because it is our town and our home."
The programme to-night consisted
mostly of purely local talent. Fiank L.
Mathieu of San Francisco and Alex J.
Rosborough of Oakland added greatly to
the success of the evening by their num
bers. Alex could not have been :in better
trim had be been singing himself into the
Tax Collector's office, as he did three years
ago. Mrs. W. R. Ellis, wife of the pro
prietor of the Livermore Herald, made her
first public ' appearance here as a singer,
taking part in two quartets with Mrs.
Leonhart, Duncan Smith and M. 11. Beck.
Mrs. Hillman-Smith and Miss Mildred
Spencer sang in duet and solo and Cyrus
B. Newton gave two readings.
The complete programme was as fol
lows:
PART I.
Quartet, "The Carnovale" G. Rossini
Mrs. W. Ellis, Mrs. Leonhart, Duncan
Smith, M. H. Beck.
Vocal solo, "Come Where the Lindens
8100 m"....... Dudley Buck
Frank L: Mathieu.
Reading. Selected
Cyrus D. Newton. ;
Vocal solo, "Waiting"..;... ....... ......... .Mi11ard
Mrs. Hillman-Smith.
Violin obligate Duncan Smith
Comet 5010..... ...-■ Selected
y E.T. LeaKe.
Vocal 5010...... — :.:..\.:. :...;. ......... Selected
Alex. J. Rosborough.
Vocal solo, "The Woodland Serenade".... ....
i: • .'. .v.". .....'.'. ...;:". .... : . . :....:...... Mascheronl
. Miss Mildreth Spencer.-
Vocal solo, "If I. Were Monarch".... J. E. Webster
Duncan Smith. y.yyy -.-
FABT 11.,
Vocal 5010........ Selected
•■■ Mrs. W. Ellis.
Violin solo, "Salonstuck" . . . . . .'. . .....Aug. Casorti
"■- Duncan Smith. -
.Vocal duet, "The Song of the Birds". ..Rubinstein
Mrs. Hillman-Smlth, Miss M. Scencer.
Reading...... .......::... ................;.:. Selected
Cyrus B. Newton. ,yy. :. ■ .
Vocal solo, "Tlie Shades of . Evening Close
Around". Frederick Clay
Frank L. Mathieu. •;, . :-;
Vocal solo, "Mona" Adams
Mrs. Hillman-Smlth.
Vocal solo , . .. ..Selected
■ „ Alex. J. Kosborough.
Quartet, "Sleep, Gentle Lady".. H. R. Bishop
Mrs. W. B. Ellis, Mrs. L. l.eonbart, Dun
can Smith. M. 11. Beck.
Accompanists, Mrs. Keid and Mrs. G. V. Taylor.
Each number was well rendered and en
cores were the order of the evening. Not
a little of the credit of the success is due
to the apt and sympathetic accompani
ments of Mrs. Reid and Mrs. G. V. Taylor.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
S. F. and Ellen Sinclair to Clarence C. and Ed
mund C. Burr, Lucy K. Dolman and Mary A.
Allyne, lot on xw corner of Filbert street and Van
Ness avenue, X 275 by W 181:9: also, lot on NX
corner of Filbert and Franklin streets, X 90 by E
100; $10.
William Scott to Timothy O'Brien, lot on X side
of Grove street, 137:6 F. of Octavia, ]•: 27:6 by X
68:9; also, lot on XE corner of Dolores street, 26:6
from >E corner of Day and Dolores streets, X 75
by E 100: $10.
Anglo-California Bank (Limited) to M. and Xelly
Hermann, lot on X side of Fell street, 103:1 Vi E
of Shrailer, E 26 by X 137:6: $300.
Melville and Xelly Hermann to Charles S. Xeal,
same.
Thomas Magee to Charles ft. Xeal, lot on X line
of Fell street, 128:li/j E of Shrader, E 25 by X
137:6: $10.
_ Thomas H. and Jennie P. .Tones to Hnlda H. B.
Brown, lot on W line of Central avenue, 27:8!4 S
of Pacific, S 70 by W 118:9: $10.
Crocker Fsta-.e Company to James K. Fraser, lot
on i\,i'.o Eof Shrader3lreec ' 7l> sof Walter, 825 by
W 106:3; $10.
Charles' n., Henry C. and Marian Bennett to
Catherine J. Madsen, lot on E iine of Belvedere
street, 235 X of Frederick, X 25 by E 121:10^4;
i'acific Improvement Company to George fccha
fer, lot on SE line of Market street, 100 SW of
Brady, SW 25 by SE 124; $10.
Same to.Katberine McLaughlin, lot on NE line
of Crocker street, 66:714 SE of Colton, NE 99, SW
28, SW 89:8y 8 . NB7 degrees 40 minutes, W 15:8,
NWl7:ili/ 2 ; $10.
John .1. and Mary A. Crowley, by B. P. Oliver,
commissioner, to Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on N line of Hill street, 140 W of Valen
cia, W 25 by N 114: $3371.
Ellen Waidon and Robert I. and Martha Stinson
to Michael Regan, lot on S line of Twenty-third
street. 230 E of Guerrero, E 25, S 100, W5, s
14. W 20, N 114. quitclaim deed ; $10.
N. and .Maria Tweitn-.ann to Dora Wood, lot on
E line of Castro street, 89 X of Twenty-sixth, BT 25
by E 80: $1500.
I Francisco Gagliardo to Michele Ouneo, lot on N
line of Francisco street, 137 Eof Powell, E 22:11
by N 137:6, quitclaim deed: $10.
F. W. and Gertrude D. Van Sicklen, W. E. and
Elise K. Davis to Charlotte F. Clarke, lot on E line
of Eddy street, 68:9 E of Mason, E 68:9 by N 175:
$10.
Sarah E. Bourn (and as trustee of estate of W.
B. Bourn) to Ann C. Htott, lot on V*' line of Taylor
street, 133:9 S of Francisco, s 21:3, W 47:1%,
NW 27:73,4. E 64:9%, quitclaim deed: $5.
tileries F. Lauiugrr to John B. Lauinger ana
! Mary A. Donahue, lot on E line of Jones street,
; 167:6 S of Lombard, S 28 by E 100; gift.
i Margherita Fonte to G. Ohiopporoli, all interest
i in lot on W line of Burgovne place, 117:6 S of Pa
cific, S 20 by W 60: $10.
i C. A. and Mary F. Burgess to Frances E. Crane,
I lot on 8 line of" Ellis street, BS:SW» E of Hyde, E
. 27:2% by 8 87:6: $10.
Carrie li. F. Coleman to Robert L. Coleman, lot
on E corner of Third and Jessie streets, NE 74 by
SE 22: grant.
Albert Meyer to Charles Blrgle, lot on N line of
Nevada street, 25 E of Vermont, E 25 by N 100;
$10.
Joseph Duffey to Ellen M. Duffey, lot on E line
of Sixteenth avenue, 168:6 N of C street, E 141:2,
N 25, W 141 :2, 8 25 : $5.
Ellen M. Duffey to Joseph Dnffey, lot on E line of
Sixteenth avenue, 193:6 N of C street, E 141:2,
N 26. W 140:6, S 25; $5.
John W. and Margaret A. FarreD to Mary A.
Farren, lot on W line of Seventh avenue, 169 N of
C street, N 75 by W 120: $10.
Same to Agnes M. Farren, lot on W line of
I Seventh avenue, 75 X of C street. N 74 by W 120;
' $10.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Gustave Hueter to Lester Herrick, lot on NW
line of Eighteenth street, 82 E of Chestnut, E 32,
N 110.37, XW 32.47, S 115.88 to beginning, Oak
land: 810.
John L. Eapan to Eva L. and T. F. Eagan, lot on
KW line of Third street, 52 XV of Chestnut, W 25
by N 112, block 478. Adeline and Market-street
Homestead, Oakland; gift.
Adolf and Annie Bittigstem to Wolf Carash, lot
Beck. Two of the -Men Who Made the
Concert a Success.
on R line of Eighteenth street, 100 E of Brush. E
50 by 8 103:9, block 280; $10. '
A. R. Waters to Florence H. Miller, lot 14, Knox
Park, Oakland; $10. «■"«•*.
A. V. and Louisa V. Pugg to L. J. Knndsen, lot
on SK boundary line Fifty Associates' tract, with
.N East sixteenth street N 109:43/1, NW 37:6, 8W
to a point. E to beginning block L,' Fifty Associates'
Tract, East Oakland; Sl.
Michael and Helena McManus to Barbara Mc-
Manus. lot on N line of Forty-fourth street, 165 E
of Linden, X 100 by E 25. block 2104. Alden Tract
Temescai. Oakland Township; gift.
Augustus W. Corliss to Frances T. Corliss, lot 12
block B, Woolsey Tract, warranty deed, Berkeley;
$1, -"-'-V- --■ '■ -■ *~
Same to same, lot 23, block B, same, Berkeley:
John Young to Callie H. Elster, lot 6, block 5,
Chester Tract, Alameda; $10.
F. and Nina Sandelin to fa. C. Friday, lots 8 to
11. block 7, Be leviie Park tract, San Leandro.
Eden Township: $10. '."
Mary E. Williams (by attorney) to John and
Catherine Mullin, lot on .V W corner Shattuck and
Forty-sixth street, being lot 23, block 2111, Alden
Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
George E. and Jennie T. Plummer to Havnes K.
Starkweather, lot on E line of Pearl street. 207:2
of Lincoln avenue. E 140 by S 67:2, block 8
Hays <fc Caperton property, Alameda; $10.
; ■*.''• -.'" Builders' Contracts,
' Therese Muller with Isaac Penny, to erect a two
story b.iilding on \V If ydestreet near Ellis: $3355.
C. F. Yon lssendorf with Fred B. Butterfleld. to
erect a three-story building en SE corner Page
and Lyon streets-; $7880.
:■: TWIST'S CHARGES.
He "Wants Them Reheard by the Police
Commissioners.
J. F. Twist, who brought charges against
Police Sergeant Blank some days ago, has
petitioned the Police Commissioners for a
rehearing of his charges. He claims that
he agreed to allow a dismissal of the
charges if Blank would apologize, '"■ but
when the matter came before the Commis
sioners and, he had moved for a dismissal
j the dismissal was granted and no apology
■.--•-, ■■■ ■ * -r*. '.
was forthcoming. He, therefore, wants
his charge-! heard.
' Twist charges the police serceant with
rudely demanding his name and occupa
tion upon meeting him in the suburbs one
night and of searching him without war
rant and without cause.
SURPRISE FOR BAPTISTS.
: National Anniversaries Will Not
Be Celebrated on the
Coast.
Official Information of the Change
Made Known to the Various
Pastors.
Oakland Offick Sax Franci«co Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 17. )
Rev. W. H. Latourette, corresponding
secretary for the General Baptist Conven
tion of California, received news to-day
from Philadelphia which will be heard by
the Baptists of the entire coast, from Brit
ish Columbia to Mexico and from the Pa
cific to the Rocky Mountains, with great
surprise and regret. For years the work
in this Western territory has struggled
along as best it could under the burden of
much that has occurred to retard and hin
der it. Now it is beginning to look up. .
It was this condition of affairs strongly
presented at the anniversaries held last
May in Denver by the ablest men of the
coast that led the great missionary socie
ties, which direct all ofthe benevolences of
the Baptist church, to decide to hold the
forthcoming anniversaries of 1890' in the
city of Portland, Or. The great passen
ger associations had fixed a rate of one
fare for the round trip from all points front
the Atlantic seaboard, the members of tba
denomination in Portland had raised $10,
--000 to be used in defraying the expenses
and many throughout the East had
planned for a visit to the coast, when the
news is sent broadcoast that it has been
decided to rescind the action and hold the
anniversaries elsewhere.
To-day the following letter was received
from T.J. Morgan, corresponding secre
tary of the American Baptist Home Mis
sion Society of Philadelphia:
Rev. W. 11. I.at-.urette— Dear Brother: In in
close for your information the action of the
board of managers of the American Baptist
Home Mission Society, taken unanimously
yesterday. Fraternally yours.
The inclosed referred to are the follow
ing official proceedings:
Whereas, Rev. Drs. S. W. Duncan and H. C.
Mabie, the corresponding secretaries of the
American Baptist Missionary Union, have rep
resented that the stringency of the times, the
burdensome and increasing debt of the mis
sionary union and the extreme difficulty of
securing quorum of their board foi the trans
acting of the very urgent business of a consid
erable portion of their work render it, in
their judgment, unwise to hold th.*
summer series in Portland, Or., and
Whereas, Rev. Dr. A. J. Rowland, the
corresponding secretary of the Ameri
can Baptist Publication Society, says
that the recent burning of their build
ing in Philadelphia will render it quito
impracticable for him to be away from Phila
delphia long enough to attend the meetings in
Portland, therefore it is hereby voted that the
action of this board fixing Portland as the
place of holding the anniversaries in 1896 is
hereby rescinded, and the selection of a suit
able place is left to the corresponding secre
tary, after consultation with the secretaries
of the other societies.
Said Mr. Latourctte:
This means a great local disappointment,
not only here in California but all over tho
coast. We have looked forward to these anni
versaries to give the work west of the Rocky
Mountains a great impetus, and thus help us
to make a great advance this year. We will
make an advance, but nothing like what we
had anticipated. We will not give up our
attempt to secure the anniversaries, but will
only renew our efforts.
There would have been an attendance of from
2000 to 3000 representative Eastern people.
Many of these would have visited Alaska,
Yellowstone Park, California, and some even
away off to Honolulu. Their coming would
have resulted in much free advertising for
California. We hope now to secure it for this
State at a later date.
it is queer that such a change on behalf of
the managers should not hare been noted by
the news associations, as the Baptist denomi
nation is one of the largest in this country and
their anniversaries attract attention the world
over, not only in our own church but that of
other Protestant bodies.
AN ALAMEDA FUNCTION
Society Ladies to Appear To-
Night in Chocolate-Colored
Faces.
Mrs. A. A. Cohen and Her Daughter
Have Returned From the East.
Other News.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. Among those
to take part this evening in the entertain
ment of the "Order of Chocolate Bon
bons" are: Mrs. Henn, Mrs. Paris, Miss
McCurrie, Miss Elliot. Miss McLaren, Mrs.
Center, Miss Bouthillier, Mrs. Hoyt, Mrs.
Magee, Miss Frost, Mrs. E. C. Davis, Mrs.
Dodson, Mrs. Holt. Mrs. Plummer, Miss
Rose Elliot, Miss Mecartney, Miss Byler,
Miss Lunt, and the Knickerbocker Quartet,
composed of D. M. Lawrence, B. P. Evans,
D. B. Crane and L. A. Larsen. Thodor
Vogt will be the musical director.
Alameda's Registration Clerks.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 17.— The Deputy
County Clerks who will attend to registra
tion in Alameda are: J. Cal. Ewing, Wil
liam Higby, W. B. Hodges, J. R. Know
land, J. L. Ballentine, George R. Read, E.
Minor Smith and C. W. Petry. They will
serve without pay, being particular friends
of the County Clerk, who is not allowed
any extra compensation for getting up the
new great register.
Minor Mention.
Mrs. A. A. Cohen and daughter, Miss
Ethel, have returned from an extended
Eastern sojourn and are once more estab
lished at Fernside.
Editor Travers, the new proprietor of
the Encinal, has moved with his family to
Alameda, to reside permanently.
Mrs. A. J. Moisant of 2708 Central ave
nue, will depart on March 9 to join her
husband, who is a coffee-planter in Cen
tral America.
. Circulars have been sent out ito call a
preliminary meeting for the formation of
a choral society. It will be held on Thurs
day evening, and E. D. Crandall will be
the leader.
Joseph Martyn Parker, aged 19 years,
died on Sunday at the home of his parent?,
1114 Oak street. He was born in New Zea
land.
A horse belonging to George Wheeler,
grazing in the old Schuetzen Park, fell
down the embankment into the bay, a
distance of fifteen feet, and was killed.
AUCTION SALES.
NTERMTIOM HORSE MARKET,
Corner of Twelfth and Harrison .Streets.
£*$ • £*S> 5*5 £&
A great chance to get a well bred horse for a
small price. W. P. McCord will sell to the highest
bidder 40 horses, 16 head from Revile Chief,
1 rench Spy and the celebrated horse Mack: pedi-
gree pending; 16 of the best Mason Valley hursts
and some large draft stock, THURSDAY, Febru-
ary 20. 1896. Don't forget tne day.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025KEABKT.ST. Established
in ISM for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bod van d mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fail. Try him. Cbargas low
Cnretcuarantfed. Callorwrite."
tie, 4, W. u£BBO«, Box 1857 a San JFranci*:*
1314
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix— I
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 I arkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF meetings:
"G DEN GATE LODGE N O' 30, ft~
!>-j^ F. and A M.— Called meeting THIS Jk.
(TUESDAY) EVENING, February 28, at "5^
7:: 0 o'clock. 1). 8. GEO. J. lIORE, Sec. __> |
tt^te> PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136. F. AN D a
Ur~& a M., 121 Eddy st., meets THIS,__
EVENING. 7:80 o'clock. Third degree. 'JSSf
t.Eol: II i'l v LINGTON, Secretary. /Ny^
Ct-_= CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, m
s¥-^ K. a. M.. will mccl THIS (TUBS-
DAY) EVENING, February 18. at 7:3o^Jlf
o'clock, stated meeting. P.M. and M.E.'V,>
M. degrees. By order of tbe H. P.
" FRANKLIN li. D V. Secret ary.f]
at-— => ORIENTAL - LODGE NO. 144. F. ft
Qr-*^ and A. M.— F. C. degree THIS -_f\_
(TUESDAY) EVe.' ING. at 7:30 o'clock. VY
a. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /^y A
JSTW I V A SHOE LODGE No. 5, K. OF
Urges' I., will confer the Knight ranky _/£_,
(lung form) WEDNESDAY February 19, ; Q<SK^
1896. at Pythian Castle, 900 ! » Market st..*eal&
at 8:30 p.m. Members of sister lodges coruially :
Invited: HOWARD BURNS, C. C.
O. Nokckoss, X of R. and S. j
n»^s= ANNUALMEEMING— THE REGULAR
&-^ annual meeting of stockholders of the West-
ern Beet sugar Company will be held at the office j
of the comnanv, 327 Market street, san Francisco, |
Cal., on MONDAY, the 2d day of Mardh. 1896, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a m., for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer nooks will close on Saturday. February
29, 1896, at 12 o'clock m.
11. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
gfr-^= DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND No.
Cr-^ 28 (fifteen cents per share), of the Hutchin-
son Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable at the of-
lice of the company, 327 Market sU.onand after
THURSDAY', February 20. 1896. Transfer books
will close Friday, February 14. 1896, at 3 o'clock
r. M. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICE"..
■Kap^ NOTICE SAN i'ilAN 1 I-1.1. FEbTII^
m^o^ 1896. Any one having business to transact
with the Virginia mine, situated in Couitervllle,
Mariposa County, CaL, will do so in the future
with the owners, Dan O'Toole and A. 3. Arnold, as
Peter B. Donahue or his assignees have forfeited
their bond or need by not complying with any of
lb* terms therein. DAN O'TOOLE.
PtrZ^» SENORITA CARMENCITA MASCOT-
ia^y ta. 105 Stockton street, room 48. Parisian
baths.
JC^» EVA GOLDSTEIN— LESSONS 1 N THE
&-6' autoharp. Parlor 2, 1 20 A Eddy St.
[i^S* MME. HANSEN AND ASSISTANTS—
Br~«» Electric, vapor, salt water baths. 116 Taylor.
OT - 5 DR. EUGENE ROLAND, MAGNETIC
»--£'' treatment for rhmafism.r. 20. 116 a Grant ay
arg=> FANMEi iAVIsTmaNK 'UREPARL 'lis!
Efe^C moved from 202 to 122 Post: parlors 2& 3.
Wrr_s= MRS. NET CHIROPODIST; CORNS
SS^Se cured. Office 11, 5^ 2 Kearny st.
I?^= MISS ams7l"nstruction on
ur^S" piano. Room 15. 101 Va'C rant aye.
f^g?>"" 202 a" POST— INA COHEN, GENUINE
S*- ' Parisian baths, offices 2 and 3.
s<S^ Mlt S. DEAN. GENUINE MANICURE.
•»-- c ' Room 2. 33 Taylor st.
jjfr~g= i> V i's V CA RD READER; 25c and up.
I-*--* 7 Room 2, 12 Mason 31.
IC *pp VESTA GOLDSMITH. GENUINE JEW-
&^>* is;: massage. Offices 47-48, 850 Market st.
JP MAE EDWARDS HAS (RETURNED TO
a *- 3031-3 Sutter, room 3; genuine magnetic
tr. a: men .
!^g= MISS GRACE LESLIE WOULD LIKE A
tt»*_ position as an artist's model. 215 Post St.,
room 8.
E^^" RIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW
i*-* 7 every night cor. Market ana six;!, sts.; artis-
tic advertisements in living light: promoters of
business. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 11«0 .Market.
IfcT^" " li; ' WALLACE GIVES GENUINE
__*_ magnetic treatment. 109 Powell, room 23.
i^W M BS. STEWART IVES GENUINE
&-Js' steam batna 120 V2 Geary, rooms 10 and 11.
_ig= ALMA GREY', CHTROPODIST, 620
t»-*' Market St.. room 21, opp. Palace Hotel.
«£T3p m me." "~k i m ral, FROM VIENNA.
is^? French lessons. 17 Grant aye., parlor 12.
Lt-^» MME. MERANDA, 17 GRANT AYE.,
m*& parlor 1 ; vapor and electric baths.
CK55= -'-''•-- HOBB, lose MARKET ST.. BOOM
v*- 1 - 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
r^S= MISS FRANCE* BERNHARD; GENU-
___" Ine massage treatment. 17a Sixth St.. rm. 1.
f^S> SENORITA CARMENCITA MASCOTTA
&~~& gives Spanish lessons. Room 2, 27 Taylor.
f^ss= BAD TENANTS"- EJECTED FOR $4.
»**' Collections made, city or country. Pacilio
lion Co., 415 Montgy st., room 6. Tel. 6580.
B'T5 3 WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
»*-*' scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
cm.ages guaranteed. C. ROSSI .v CO.. 242 Sutter.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
STWOBTHY INFANT'S NURSE DE-
X tires situation: two years last place; city or
country. .Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. Tele-
phone. Main 5520.
VTEAT, CAPABLE SWEDISH HOUSEWORK
--' girl desires situation: $16 to $20: best refer-
ences: city or country. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter.
. . NEAT YOUNG I ELS, WITH REFER-
«-> ences, want situations to assist In housework;
no, $12 and $15 a month. Address or telephoue
MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
C -''i SECOND GIRL, WHO THOBOU <H-
v j ly understands washing, wants c cond work or
laundry work. For particulars telephone or ad
dress MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
"1 J iji COMPETENT WOMEN AND GIRLS
TUn awaUing situations lit MURRAY &
READY'S Employment Office, 634 Clay st.;tel.
roam 5848. send us your orders and we will send
you good help. g_ri"rj_
ADIES— C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 GEARY
St., have any number of girls, all national;::
waiting for places. (All on us or phoa • Grant. 185.
[.!.-!•■ : vhl. iT" WOMAN WISHES TO DO
It washing or house-cleaning by the day. 529
Howard st.
""y-OUNG GIRL ,WANTS SITUATION TO DO
X upstairs work: will assist with children; best
of references. Please call at 15 Garden aye., off
iievisadero st., bet. Post and Geary.
WANTED-BY RELIABLE PROTESTANT
' * woman, position to take care of infant; is com-
petent to foil charge from birth; city or country.
Apply 320 Thirteenth st.
WOMAN WIS. IKS CHAMBERWORK In
'» rooming or boarding house: no objection to
washing. Apply 951 Folsom st.
EFINED YOUNG WOMAN WISHES PO-
■ itlon as housekeeper. 203 Powell St., room 5.
VOU.NG. WOMAN DESIRES POSITION AS
X nurse in small family. Call or address 929 Pine.
KELIABLE WOMAN WAN 1s : SITUATION
to do genera! housework; is a good cook or
laundress: city or country; wages $15. (.all or ad-
dress 276 Minna st., near Fourth.
4 MERICAN WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
-."A. wants situation. Call or address 9 Mastick
terrace, Alameda.
BY FIRST-CLASS COOK; REST OF CITY
references; wages $35. Ad. F. C., box 71. Call.
La 1 1 STENOGRAPH 1. WISHES EMPLOY-
XJ ment for half day; salary no object. Address
L. L., box 109. Call Office.
SITUATIONS WANTED BY 2 GIRLS TO DO
chamberwork la city. Call or address 343 Fifth.
yOUNG MARRIED LADY. NO CHILDREN,
J- wishes place to lake full charge of respectable
roommg-hou>e. Address or call on MRS. DE-
VI NE. 408 Sixth st.
yOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WAN LIGHT
X housework. Call 405 Fifth st-
VNl'l-lltl- NURSE WISHED TO TAKE
XJ entire charge of infant or children; city refer-
ence. Please call 8 Sherwood place, off Third st.;
wages $30.
CWEDIB GIRL WITH GO >D REFERENCES
► « She* to do general housework; wages 915.
224 Seventeenth St., bet. Mission and Howard.
V' OUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X with small family to assist in general house-
work. Apply 940 Twenty-third St., nr. Dolores.
Situation W ANTED by AN expeki-
enced woman to do cooking or housework; 2
an In last place; German or American cooking.
Please call at 657 Miss s:.
yoUNG GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO DO
X housework and cooking; good reference. 2633
POSt st. .-
f "1 OOD COOK WANTS SITUATION TO COOK
XT and do housework; no washing. 3201 Geary.
QWEDISH GIRL WISHES A SITUATION AS
O cook or to do general housework in an Amer-
ican family, tall 30 Vi steiner place, bet. Harri-
son sad Bryan . First and Second sts.
\- GIRL WANTS a SITUATION TO DO
J- general housework and cooking. (.all 162 > 2
Clara at. / "
EXPECTABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATION
to do general housework or cooking in private
lami.'y. Apply 2432% Bush st.
/ • J. ! M A GIRL NTs' A PLACE TO DO
"T cooking and general housework; $25. Apply
623 second St.. in rear.
/ ANTED— SITUATION BY' AN AMERICAN
lady to do chamber work and plain sewing in
an American Christian family. Apply or address
L. W.. 951 Mission, second floor.
POSITION WANTED as WORKING HOUSE- j
A keeper; excellent cook, or would act as nurse I
or chambermaid. Call or address, for two days, 165 I
Minna st. . . '-',
I CATION WaOTKJ> BY SWEDISH GIRL:
O cook and second girl, $20 and $25; strong girl
for housework; good cook, $25; good references j
11% Antonia at., off Jones, near Ellis.
. - .
FTTUATIONS -\yANTEP--Contlnnod.^^
A M ERIcXjTTT]nTv7~WITH " A BOY OF 6
'1 years, Wishes a situation as working house-
keeper; small wages. B. F., box 114, Call.
On"! AIT.iA WANTED ; young GIRL TO
O take care of children and assist In housework.
Apply 10 Falmouth st., off I olsom, between Fifth
and sixth sts. ]
EELIABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
it the day; washing. Ironing or housecleaning. j
829 Hayes St., near Fillmore, basement.
GERMAN WOMAN WISH WASHING.
ironing and housecleaning: $1 a day and car ,
fare. 1856 Howard st., near i- lfteenth.
riDOW, SPEAKS FRENCH, WOULD LIKE j
»» a place to nurse one child, jdo light upstairs j
work and sewing; Oakland preferred. F. C,, box
10, Call Oflice, Oakland. _
PESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRL WISHES TO
Jt go out working by the day. Call 456 Twen-
tieth St.. corner Shot well.
\rOUNG GIRL WISHES A PLACE TO DO
.1- light housework. Call at 26y Page st. for two
days.
ADY WISHES POSITION AS HOl'SK-
keeper; is good dressmaker. 137 Seventh St.,
room 1.
/CHAMBERWORK BY A THOROUGH CoM-
KJ potent young woman In a hotel or lodging-
house, or cbnmberwork and washing, or pantry?
work, or would take charge of rooming-house or
anything connected with hotel. A. D., 327 Minna
St., near Fourth.
/"IATHOLIC .YOUNG LADY WISHES A SITU-
\J ation in a Catholic family to do chamberwork
and sewing: first-class references. Address MISS
ESTER, 2264 Clinton aye., Alameda, Cal.
\LT ANTED— BY A NEAT. RELIABLE GER-
»' man girl, a position to do housework in small
family; is good cook; can give best leference.
Please call 425 Francisco st,; take Powsl-st. car
north. .--•--
S! ! CATION WANTED BY AMERICAN I
woman for housework; city or country. Call
1910 Market-st., corner Rose aye.
C> IRL WISHES POSITION TO DO GENERAL
J housework or go out by the day. 363 Jessie st,
171 RENCH DRESSMAKER. GOOD ""FITTER.
-T would like a few more engagements in family.
38' 1 Moss st.
RE ABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
-1 tion as working housekeeper, cook or to take
char.-c of home for family of adults or children;
references exchanged; city or country. Address
Housekeeper, box 33, Call office.
L'AMILI WASHING AND MENDING DONE
-T at my own home. Apply 518 Castro st.
E~N PER] EN ( ' DRESSMAKER, A GOOD
* cutt rand filter in the latest designs, will ac-
cept engagements in families at reduced rates:
references. Apply 1516 Eddy st.
UELL-E DUCATED J. A liV WISHES A POSI-
»» tion in ollice or wholesale house. Address S.
E„ box 67, Call Office.
QEA .1 SIR ESS AND DRESSMAKER PE-
-0 sires a position; would do chamberwork or
assist with children. Address S. A., box 23, Call.
PESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN WOULD
-It like housework by the day. Apply 519 Stev-
enson st.
T ADY WISHES a POSITION AS HOUSE-
XJ keeper. 215 a Post st., room 15.
T' I SITING GOVERNESS. AN EXPERI-
V enced teacher holding Eastern certificates, de-
sires pupils in history, literature and piano. V. G.,
box 104, Call.
MIDDLi -AGED LADY WITH TWO DAUGH-
ters wishes to take charge of lodging-house;
thoroughly understands the care and management
of same. Address 4y 2 Yerba Buena st., oft Sacra-
mento, between Taylor and Mason.
yOUNG SPANISH LADY WISHES HOUSE-
I keeper's position. Room 15, 1201/2 Geary st.
GTentLEMENS MENDING NEATLY DONE
f at room 22, 105 Stockton st.
ANTED— BY A WIDOW, AMERICAN, OF
'» 37, situation as working housekeeper for wid-
ower in country or city: good cook. A. 8., box 12,
Call office.
A r OUNG CREOLE LADY WISHES A HOUSE-
-I keeper's position. 917 Market St., room 18,
second tioor.
y OUNG " WOMEN ""FROM THE COUNTRY
X would like any kind of sewing or mending.
1169 Mission St.. nr. Eighth, room 15, second floor.
1 AI ' "l ES~ WANTING HELP WILL FIND IT
XJ at 1004 Market si.
T? ASHIONABLE DRESSMAKER WANTS
J- work by day or at rooms; terms reasonable.
Address 31 aud 32 Fulton House.
T\r INCHF.STER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR
'» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 50 per night;
$1 60 to $6 per week convenient and respectable;
iree bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS IVAATEII -MALI;.
I 31 -< ' LASS A^TH^SntES^ITUA^
F tion; best references: city or country. MISS
CL LLEN, 323 Sutter St.; telephone main 5520.
Oft A MEN WANT WORK AT MURRAY"*
«7v»U READY'S employment agency. 634 and
636 Clay St.; employers please send us your orders.
?A\(\ MEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK ARE
»JI»V waiting for situations at J. F. CROSETT &
CO.'S Employment Agency, 628 Sacramento St.
"|J> C. G. COOK' SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
X .branches: short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant46.
UNTER A C 0. ," CHINESE AND JAPAN-
eso employment office, 17 Webb st.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacrcmiento: tel. 231.
JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT OFFICE JPB< -
O vi.ics best help. 314b Sutter st.; tel. Grant 30.
1 1 1 NESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
KJ office; best help. 114% O'Farr.ell; teL E. 426.
AN ai PLUMBER WOULD LIKE a JOB;
2\ country nreferred. Plumb r, box 85, Call.
p ENTLEMaN, HIGH EUROPEAN EDUCA-
vTtion, Frencn. German, etc.. wants occupation;
references; eventually bonds, .address G. H.,
box 68. Call.
SITUATION WANTED ry a RESPECT-
O able boy, age 16, to make himself useful
around an office. W. D., box 47, Call. yy- 1
ITUATION WANTED ON SHORE BY MATE
k_> of a ship used to working with gang of men.
Address .1. W. M., oox 114, Call.
\ DVERTISER, HOLDING H . GUEST CRE-
<"\ dentials, offers $50 to any one procuring him
permanent employment a3 bookkeeper in repu-
table establishment. Alpha. box 67, Call.
ITUATION WANTED BY A BLACKSMITH
O competent to do all kinds of work and shoeing:
city or country: references. Address S. BUT-
TERY. 809 Treat aye.
TRICTLY SOBER AND RELIABLE MlD-
dle-aged man wants to work around a private
place: would work for small wages for a home;
city or short distance in co .ntry. Address E. ('.,
box 75, this office.
F. is i T 1 1 J AS BOOKKEEPER, COLLECTOR
or drummer by thorough business man. Ad-
dress P. B. ; box 110, Call Office.
KER WANTS SITUATION; FIRST-CLASS
man on bread and Cake; American. Address |
M. D., box 8. Call Office.
ARBER-GOOD; WANTS STEADY JOB
year round Saturday and Sunday; or even-
ings and Saturday and Sundaylln good shop. E.,
box 18. Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED AS ASSISTANT
Cj bookkeeper, salesman or driver delivery
wagon; general business knowledge and long ex-
perience in thU city. Address J. H., box 150, Call
Office.
Ci ER.M AN WISHES TO WORK IN PRIVATE
I family to take care of horses, cows and garden :
good man about place; is willing to work. D.,
box 150, Call Oflice.
Gl OOD JAPANESE MARRIED COUPLE TO
"JT take charge of lodging-house or In private fam-
ily; man is good cook and wife housework, etc.
Address Tom, 204 Ellis st.
Q I I UATI ON WANTED BY A COMPETENT
0 general printer; sober, steady and can handle
any work, book or job. Address G. XV., box 41,
Call office. f
VXP E R I (IE!) CHE E EM A X :
-Ei makes different kinds of die se, also butter;
knows how to run a separator wishes situation.
Address a. E., box 48, Call OHice. . - ;
/ 'OAdIMAN, BY A YOUNG MAN FROM
KJ Boston; thoroughly understands his business;
can furnish best references. Apply I.L M., box 14,
Call Office.
STRICTLY SOBER AND RELIABLE MI
i^ die-aged man wants a place as watchman;
reiereii. c and bonds. Address C. C. box 16. Call.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
CHAMBERMAID AND WAItTTeSsI P^iLO,
Alto, *::,. MISS CULLEN, 105 Sockton st.
VTEAT GERMAN HOUSEWORK GIRL, 2 IN
-»-> family, wash, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. ■ -.
J RIMrciRL, JEWISH FAMILY, 826: NURSE,'
X same bouse, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
REFINED GERMAN NURSE, CHILD 2
years Old. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
L 1 RENCH NURSE. CHILD OF 3, $20. MISS
J CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
Vf URSE. SLEEP HOME, $12. MIS 3 CULLEN,
Xi 323 Sutter St.
/ i ERMAN SECOND GIRD AND SEAM-
IJ stress, $20; cook, $35; French or German
chambermaid and seamstress. $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter st. '■^SSmJaa^a^amWa9mmmmm\
/ • ERMAN OR SWEDISH HOUSEWORK
1 * girl. 2 in family, $30; housework girl, Ala-
meda, *20, and other towns. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. .
[ AUNDRESS, $30; SEAMSTRESS, $1 BY
Xi ,he day. MISS CULLEN, 10< Stockton st.
\TEAT SECOND GIRL. $12. MISS CULLEN,
-^> 105 Stockton St.
VJ EAT YOUNG WOMAN COOK, $25"; UP-
-!-' stairs girl to care forchlldren, $15, same house;
middle-aged , woman to do housework in a small
family, $15; and -a number of young nurscgirls
and housegirlsforsloand $15. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 10 Geary st. '
VTEAT- NURSEGIRL TO ASSIST WITH UP-
i-' stairs work; must speak good English. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary Si.
RESTA < IRANT COOK, $7"a WEEK. C. B.
XX HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
HOTEL WAITRESSES, $20 AND $18, CITY'
and country; young girl, light chamberwork
and waiting. $12; girls for housework and cook-
in-. $16 and $20. MURRAY A READY. 634
Clay st. • .. ->- ' .
OECOND GIRL. $15; 2 GERMAN COOKS, $25
O and $30; girls for housework, small families,
$20: young nursegirl, $10, and others. MRS.
HIRD, 721 Ellis st.
-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18. 1896.
HELP WANTKD-Contlmied,
Y\T A N T E D-X.M ERIC A N^OoTT~ANITciiTMU
" bermaid, $25; German- cook, $25; French
nurse, $-0; German nurse, $20: second and assist
with children, $15; young girls to assist, $10 to
$12. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton.
TirANTED— NURSES, $20 AND $25, FOR
" country; German or Scandinavian second girl
and laundress, $25; French nurse, 1 child, $20; 2
cooks, German style. $25: ranch cook, $25. J. F.
CltosE i T A CO., 312 Suiter st.
TV" ANTED— A FRENCH GIRL TO SEW AND
'» do ch.amherwork in private family, $20: 5
cooks, assist plain wash. $25: 50 other good house-
work girls can obtain situations in city and coun-
try at wages from $15 to $30. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Sntter st.
CU >X, AMERICAN FAMILY, $25; HOUSE-
VJ girl. see lady at 10, $20. MME. LEOPOLD,
20 Stockton st.
W A N TED-GIRL FOR SECOND WORK AND
»' waiting. 1307 Hyde st.
WANTED— A COMPETENT PROTESTANT
girl for general housework and cooking; small
family: wages $20. 2-112 Fillmore st.
G. F. RMAN GIRL FOB COOKING AND GEN-
yj erai housework; sleep at home. Apply 1028
Minna st., bet. Eleventh and Twelith, off Mission.
ERMAN OB SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR
VJ Alameda County: $20; small family; no wash-
ing. Apply 609 Kearny st., room 8.
GIRL. GERMAN PREFERRED, FOR GEN-
eral housework and cooking in small family.
1418 Webster st. \ y y
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK AT SOO5
Sixteenth st.; wages $10; German preferred.
G1 IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 1711
VT Geary st.
GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR
general housework, small family. 1709 Post.
"V"EAT GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
-iv housework. 211 Scott, near Halght.
GIRL 15 OR 16 TO TAKE CARE OF BABY.
Apply 1418 Page.
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST ONE CHILD;
-1 small wages: sleep home. 446 c Tehama st.
"yOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
X work. 1218 Eddy st.
WANTED-6 GIRLS TO WAIT ON TABLE
».» in saloon in the country; good wages. Apply
room 1, 1126 Market St.. 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
pOLORED NURSEGIRL WANTED TO CARE
v; for 2 growing children: wages $10. BOWHAY,
504 Sutter st.
CJ ERMAN GIRL WANTED FOR GENERAL
I housework and plain cooking. Call 603 Halght
st., 9 to 12. y y ,.
\Y ANTED-GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUS E-
'' work. 3001 Sixteenth st,; hardware-store.
APPRENTICE FOR DRESSMAKING. 34
Russ St., between Howard and Folsom.
GIRL, 10 TO IS YEARS, WHO WANTS A
home. 959 Folsom st.
A r OUNG GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
X work: must understand cooking. 511 Van
ess aye.
A PPRENTICE FOR DRESSMAKING. 4a
-.V Antonia St., off Jones, near Ellis.
TAILORESSES ON BOYS' CLOTHING; MUST
understand work; steady employment. A.
GIRY. 635 Kearny st.
VTEAT YOUNG GIRL, NOT. OVER 16, FOR
Ai light housework; small wages. 1602 Va Post.
ANTED— IN AN AMERICAN FAMILY OF
»' four adults, a competent Protestant girl for
cooking and general housework; must be under
40; wages $20. Address C, box 122, Call Office.
ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
6ChooI; class or private; course thorough; sat-
isfaction guaraut'd; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth. i
THREE LADY SOLICiTOR*; Til -c. n.,V-
ing some knowledge of insurance preferred. P.
11. A. Co., room 6, sixth floor, Mills budding.
JATEST SYSTEM OF DRESS -CUT UN
J MRS. J. H. FLYNN, 14 McAllister; room 67.
"IVmNCHES HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»' Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: f r "c bus to and from the ferry.
THOROUGH COURSE -- IN MILLINERY
taught; will prepare pupils totake positions this
spring. MISS ALICE HAAKE, 121 Post, rm. 46.
DRESSMAKING, CUTTING, FITTING, Fin-
ishing taught; easy to learir, rapid to use: pat-
terns, 25cup, at McDowell Academy, 213 Powell st.
AIRDRESSING, 25c AND - 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons.fi 60. 1248 Mission.
AWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRESS-
cutt'.ng school. 1231 Market st..oet. Bth and 9:h.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
1»I Winchester Douse. 44 Third St.. near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— 2 HOTEL l^i^Eßsrs26rßOOM,
»» etc.: hotel waiters, cou.itry, $25, room, etc.
MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749 Market.
TEAMSTERS FOR RAILROAD WORK: BAR-
ker, £15: 2 log-cutters, $40, forthe woods; vege-
table gardener, country, $20 and found. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
HEAD COOK, RESTAURANT, $75 TO $80;
German meat and pastry cook, country hotel',
$60; cook and wife, small country restaurant, *30; i
cook, small boarding-house, country, 835. C.R. i
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary ft.
/'ANTED— BUTLER WITH GOOD HEF-
erences, $35 to «40; German dishwasher. $20; j
apprentice boy In a laundry, etc. LEON ANDRE,
31 Stockton st.
ANTED— AMERICAN MINER TO SINK |
»» shaft. $3. 8 hours; 4 quartz miners. $2 60 a|
day; house-painter, $1 50; young German to drive
milk wagon, $25 and found: tlemakers; waiter,
country hotel. $20: cook, country restaurant, $40,
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT it CO., 628
Sacramento st.
TMRST-CLASS BUTLER FOR CITY, $45. !
J Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
*.» COOKS, $35 TO $60; SHORT-ORDER COOK, I
♦J $5 a week: porter; pantrvman,s2o; 2 farmers. I
$15. MURRAY A READY. 634 Clay st.
DRIVER FOR MILK WACO , $20; WAITER, I
boarding-house, $15; solicitor for wlnehouse
on commission: woodsman to make pickets and
shakes. R. T. WARD A CO., 608 and 610 ( lay st.
\Y ANTED— A GOOD STEADY COATMAKER:
'» also pantsmaker who can also make vests;
steady work. Apply Merchant Tailor, Towle.
CI OOD STRONG BOY' OR YOUNG MAN TO
riearn the candy business, at once. SCHAEF-
ER'S. 22 Sixth st.
ANTED — PHOTO-ENGRAVER WHO IS
»' line-etcher, router and blocker. UNION
PHOTO-ENGRAVING CO., Los Angeles.
Ur ANTED-GENTS' FURNISHING GOODS
man who understands window-dressing; $12
to SI 5 a week. Address, with reference, 8., box
41, this otlice.
ALESMAN WANTED FOR WINE AND
O liquor business, 1241 Twenty-fourth st.
AN FOR GENERAL M ERCHANDISE
store, country: strong, best of references. Ad-
dress San Rafael, box 25, Call.
ANTED-CASHBOYS. " '
RAPHAEL'S.
washer wanted— a GOOD washer.
1 1 . Apply at once to 2212 Folsom st.
IsHWASUiiR WANTED AT 432y FIFTH
street.
EXPERIENCED DOMESTIC AND MEN'S
lurnishlng-goods' salesmen. R., box 2, Call.
OY: ONE.. EXPERIENCED IN BAKERY.
1139 Folsom St.: call 2 to 3.
AJ AN TO ASSIST ABOUT IN
liX restaurant. 1135 Oak s..
OY TO LEARN TAILORING (COATMAK-
Ing). Call at 604 O'Farrell st.
OUNG TAILOR TO WORK BY WEEK ON
X custom coats. 708 Bush, nr. Powell. .
p GOD BOY WANTED. CALL 3261 MISSION
vT (store). \y
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CALIFORNIA
meets to-night in Alcazar building, fourth floor.
J. KLITSCiI, President.
3 -CHAIR BARBER-SHOP: 3 ROOMS; ALSO
O shoemaking-shop; reasonable. . 649 Broadway.
ARBER-SHOP. FOR SALE: GOOD LOCA-
!■> tiou; laundry pays rent; $60. 514 Mission st.
ABBEB TO RENT "sh 'I';" WELL FUR-
nished: rent low. 1000 Hyde st.
ll ' ANTED— STEADY MAN TO ASSIST INA
" strictly cash business; will pay $65 per month;
experience not required: must have $150 cash.
Apply 873 Va Market st., room 1.
I?01 '. SALE— WELL-ESTABLISHED SHOE-
X I maker-shop; account other business. 1197
Market st. -
BARBERS, TAKE NOTICE— ALL BARBER-
shops are notified to close on Saturday, Febru-
ary 22, Washington's birthday, at 12 o'clock noon.
11. A. WOLFE, President Barbers' Association.
SEAMEN FOR "MERCHANT VESSELS,
O whalers and " sealers. MORDAUNT & CO.,
225 Clay st,
wanted TO run errands. 2009
Fillmore st.
QEA MEN FOR EUROPE, SOUTH AMERICA.
O South Africa. 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
(ft O AH PARTNER: CHANCE FOR STEADY
is)dii\J\J. man; old established saloon. 1026
Larkin.
BARBERS— 250 SHOP, WITH BATHS; THE
only shop in town. DECKELMAN BROS..
106 Ellis st. ■ •■
BA RBERS-HALF INTEREST IN GOOD-
paying shop; cheap. 1501 Stockton street."
BARBERSHOP- CENTRA I. LOCATION ; LOW
rent; long lease. Apply, this office.
KAZOB^TXING OUR . SPECIAL ItToRLND
lug new edge on I razor, 'ior; razor concaved.
60c; razor honing aud setting. 25c, 1 at the Razor
Exchange, 630 Market st.; first- -lass work.
IU ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 32N MONTGOM-
■» cry st., clerks and laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts.
ANTED-A TAILOR. 648y 3 COMMER-
*' cial st. '.'. .;..;; .;-.-.;
• "VTEW- WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
L' 3d and 4tb— single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room ;
strictest attention to morning calls; open al. night.
/ 'REAMERY - HALL RESTAURANT: SEAT- '
V Ing capacity 120 chairs: meals sc. 635 Clay st.
LIOR PASSAGE AND FREIGHT DIRECT TO
X the; placer gold fields of Cooks Inlet address
C. D. LADD, 9 Third St., San Francisco.
S£jjj-_g__Lg WAJiTED-Cnntlnnnd.
T>EST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKEd7B
XJ courses, 10c, at -eaule^ Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
O ALMSMAN — TO SELL PETIT -LEDGERS,
>-J grocers' coupon book-3 and other specialties, by
sample, to merchants; side lines ready sellers;
goodpay. MODEL Ml-'G CO., South Beiid, Ind.,
IV EW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
xt ibc up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
Oil-'fO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY. ROOMS;
*UJ-i large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
POR THE REST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
-*- try 18% Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
frOfi - MEN TO GET A FlNl-rTTVLISII, DU-
*J\J\J rable calf shoe to order. 50. 9^9 Howard.
J > ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
1J ment. Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238y 2 O'Farrell.
•Tv HAT CHEER HOUSE. Sacramento
if St.: . 200 rooms: best in the city- single rooms
20 and 20c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c.
) l IS ! 1 1 1 ALE HOUSE, 3"2i~ELLTs"sT."; ROOMS
XX -"'' to 50c night; 1 1 to Sl week: open all night.
\V ANTED— MECHANICS, CLERICS, LABOR-
• » ers to call if they do no; receive their just dues;
law and commercial collections': no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 10 Sutter st.
• ARBEB TRADE TAUGHT, MALE AND
I 1 female, thorough in 8 weeks: catalogue mailed.
San Francisco Barber School, 1515 Howard st.
1) ABE Rs— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
* rctarv Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
\ V ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»1 to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150
large rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO - MANHATTAN EGG FOOD-
Is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room; free bus 10 and from the ferry.
li./YME> TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
-1 '" and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
62* Washington st., near Kearny.
EST IN CIT i— SINGLE ROOMS. 18, 20 AND
26 cents per night; Sl, 91 25, $1 50 p^r week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leldesdorff sta.
Vir ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
'» steam beer, sc; bottle wine, sc. 609 Clay st.
EN'S Vo-SOLING"SOc: LADIEV 40c; DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY.
IX ment. secretary. CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
X? It E BEER— GONERS FOR 6c;
-F also a bottl eof lager, sc. at 637 Clay st.
TAT ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
» I week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
'PHY ACME HOI aifi, o^7 MARKET .ST., BE-
I low Sixth, for a room: a night: $1 a week.
TUSTOUT; NEW MACHINE FOR Rl-.PAIR-
O ing shoes: call and see: half-soled In 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
A I M EN'S SECOND-HAN DKD SHOEs.so.ttK
!' 'nearly new. ggc to $1 25. 662 Mission st.
GENT - WAN » E li.
gents wanted— novelty. 719
-.'V Market St., first floor.
EMOORE. ~
J anted— An experienced solicitor: big pay to
the right man.
Apply Lemoore Land Company, room 12, fifth
floor, Mills building.
1? X PERI ENCED LADY AGENTS; NO OTH-
J ers need apply; big money. Call at once, 1020
Market st., Ist floor.
If 1 RST-CLASS SOLICITORS WANTED BY
A the California Mutual Benefit Society; ladies
and gentlemen; Bto 9:30 a.m. P. ■D. RAINE,
superintendent of;agents. Murphy building.
HOUSES WANTED.
M' AN HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS, FUR-
»f nished or unfurnished: central: north of Mar-
ket st. Address House, box 85, Call Ollice.
ROOMS WANTED.
AN TED— AS UPPER FLOOR OF 3 TO-
»' furnished rooms, bet. Mason, 1 arltin, Bush
and Jackson sts. J., box 163. Call Office.
BY' AN ELDERLY GERMAN WIDOW 2 UN-
furnished rooms In private family; low renu
Address Widow, box 20, Call. ",..-..
"IVaXTEd-M ISCELLAN EOUS.
IUAX'I'ED -TO RENT second^ Viand
'» piano; about $2 a month. Address W., box 1,
Call Ollice.
BtG~ HORSES: MUST WEIGH 1800 OR
over. BURNSTINE BROS., Fifth and Bluxome.
'.\r ANTED— YOUR WATCH. IF IT NEEDS
»» repairing: best work a; half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st.. third tioor.
QELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
0 elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.; send postal.
FIANUS. I'illU.VS, ETC.
£jjA BARGAIN: FINE PIANO; GOOD
tTpaiV/. condition. SCHMiTZ, 16 McAllister SU,
next Hibernia Bank.
CJQHMEB PIANO, ALMOST NEW,' CHEAP.
»^ Apply 134 Erie st., below Howard. |
1 ADY -MUST _ SELL STEINWAY AND OF-
I J fers It at an exceedingly low price. Apply at
809 Market St., room 21.
CHOICE CHICKERING SAC.IFCED BY
party leaving the city. 809 Market st.. room 21.
Q1 '.I) ELEGANT NEW PIANO;
I ___ splendid tone: warranted. 115 Seventh.
>).-. SECOND-HAND PIANOS AT FROM $75
— '-'up; good instruments, all of them: small In-
stallments. A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post
■-' , San Francisco.
AINES BROS. PIANO: WITIIOUT A SUPE-
no.-: we Invite comparison; prices moderate.
A. L. BANCROFT it CO., 324 Post st. S. F.
A SPECIALS VLI-I OF PIANOS. CHEAP FOB
x-X. ash, this week at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
BARGAIN-FIRST-CLASS UPRIGHT PIANO;
walnu t case. Piano, box 42, Call office.
POMK IN "Ts D " HEAR THE LATEST
X.' novelty- the Osslan attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, all in one very sim-
ple; guaranteed to keep In order; call and see it;
beautiful effect. .1.1. BO AVERS & son, sole
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth st., nr. cor. Market.
Ul'R I G HT PIANO at A BARGAIN; USED
1 only 2 mouths. 1234 Bush st.
<(|f| (Hit;-: ER"INT.rTtO»E\VOOD PIANO;
'._ 'J* '. cost $500; $5 installmts. 221 Leavenworth
a MAHOGANY UPRIGHT, CHEAP. CALL
xX. at 0.. ■<• 1623 Buchanan.
.A SHAW, $425: 2 STEINWAYS, $216, $195;
- v Sommer, $.'37; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed ou purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis sU
1 ) I .'. OS— ~
X Ilazelton, Homme and Long, Brown and
Simpson: easy terms. 736 Market sU
90 (\(\l I SHEET MUSIC 1 Cl'. COPY. BTAT-
aU.UVU HAM'S Piano store, 106 McAllister sU
V" PiANo SO SWEET AS THE "BRUENN;"
-»-> warranted ten years. 228 Post st.
GOOD PIANOS CHEAP, "CHEAP PIANOS
good, at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
HA I N lIS BROS. PIANO, PATTi'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush -A Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT A CO., »24 Post st.
CIONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW-
XJ great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PAN V. Post st.
pHICKERING, KN ABE, STECK.VOSE. BTER-
XJ ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
tor rent. REN.). CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farreli.
WM. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
» » rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
*nd organs sold for cash Or installments..
AS OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT plan
xX for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take anvantngeof if please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN, CLAY a CO..
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
$| 7r\ CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
<jpL 'J. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
IAECK'ER BROS.. STEINWAY.FISCHER ANO
XJ other lirst -class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER A
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
LWSV TERMS;;LoW PRICES. KOHLETt~*
XJ CHASE.
j^YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— sOHMER,"
__ Newby A Evans. Briggs and other pianos.
OUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
O^ll. Ml LLER. maker, repairer, 2 ham Diane.
QTEINWAY, $215; AV*EBEB. $265; SOMER,
k^ $237; Wily, ,*125; squares, $35 and $05.
HEINE. 410 Post st.
A V F. D— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
x x grade r. L. Neumann piauos forthe holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, Hi
Ninth st.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS. '. : ?■
. J 1 * 1 * finest line of new plsnos for rent and sals
hi Ban itrancisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
29 Market st., Sprockets building.
DENTISTS.
SET OF TEETH AV-ITIIOUTTrPLATK^DRTIiL
O G. YOUNG, 1841 Polkst.
I \R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extract.
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
Without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o'Farreil st.
rD AIN LESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X. bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 years'
experie cc. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815-' i Geary.
1 jR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE^
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge , work aud I teeth ■ without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
CJ ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 788 MAR-
VJ ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only rel!-
agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm $5: fillings frm $1: extracting 50c. with gassl.
$7 A set"for TeethT" WARRANTED AS
«iP • good as can be made: filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
J )R. DLUM~ lI I Li^, 1443 MARKET ST.,"
XJ near Eleventh: no charge tor extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;'
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given. .
< OLTt 1 N 1 i i-; rAL ASSOCIATION. (MM MAR-
'J ket su DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate avp.— Open evenings-.: Sundays till noon.
ALL. WORK REASONABLE - AND "WAR
J\. ranted. DR. J, W. KEY, 112' i Market su
. PERSONALS. . ,
HOSE^fECESSA^^^DTUNCI S T 6" A
woman's to let, switches, may be had at G. LED-
ERER's hair dressing parlors. 11l Stockton St-,
at reduced rates now; 75c and $1 will buy the
best: artistic hair dressing reduced to 25c.
PHYSICIAN WAN T.-i To . ...i j.l. »..u
patent medicine or other business. P., box 14,
Call. - . ;
WANTED— LADY TO TAKE PART
■ f f in dramatic performance to take place at a
local theater. Address Y. L., box 41, Call Otlice. :
RST"DR7" NETA BRUNDAGE, CHIROPO-
dist; lost vitality restored. Oflice 11, bVa
Kearny st. ■ .• ! .''r :; ',-iVi- '- '.
I~pBEE-^2O-PAGE BOOK, "SIGHT. PFRFr.Ci
1 and Defective," postpaid. L. KI'TTNER & CO.,
Opticians, 1644 Market 5... Hotel St. Nicholas. S. F.
IP F. WEST.M.D.— SPECIALTIES, RHEUMA-
J._tism, epilepsy and obstetrics. 12 Eddy st.
MRS. dr. A. BEAUTY doctor^ has
taken oflices at 330 Ellis St.; steaming and
treating ladies' faces a specialty.
PROFESSIONAL LADY'S NURSE— MR-. MC-
CARTHY'; city or country. 2520 Sutter St.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
j\ clalty: private: no charge unless successful; nil
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market st
MRS." M. H. OBER. HEADQUARTERS OF
Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout figu es.
j Soie agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
| goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions:
tend for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
KJ for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Paoer-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
EGYPTIAN HENNA: $1; HAIR DYE; - PER-
J fectly harmless: easily appllPd; all druggists.
LANGLEY A MICHAELS CO.. agents. & F.
(2JJ-I FOR 10 CENTS - CLOAKS, JACKETS,
'ipX capes, sold at 10c on the dollar in the base-
ment of ARMAND CAILLEAU, 48 Geary St.,
cor. Grant aye.
ADDRESSED TO THOSE WHO WANT TO
become rich— lnvest your money In Stockton
(the future Chicago); I will sell you property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
HOFER, 1706 Clay St., & F.
TELEPHONE OYSTER COMPANY, 1443
Polk, sells high-grade chicken tamales and oys-
ter loaves; delivery to 12 p.m.
L OR FINE Pu Hldia AND GAME GO TO A
J STRASSER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: instructors, J. 11. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partington, BJL. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
DR. E. BOBBINS, THE CELEBRATED PHY-
sician, has removed fm 8 Mason to 1508 Market
HENRY HUFSCHMIDT, PLUMBER AND
gastitter; gas fixtures lowest price. 623 j
Golden Gate aye.; telephone Sutter 471. : ': - ; .
SEARCHING,LO( AI 1 NG.SH ADO ING.TR A-
cing.collecting.G RAH Mrkt,r.B.
I(li It I BUSINESS cards; Si .Vi: TELE-
X\J\J\.r phone "Black 141." MlLL. Geary, r. 89
BOCRQUiN'B ASTHMATIC'" PAPER;
instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutterst.
DEAFNESS— THE AURAPHONE RESTORES
lost hearing, cures ear defects: invisible: book
mailed roe, p. (■-. fin LAY. 10 California su. S. F.
w- I .. ..v/wii. < Aid ..1.-. CLEANED ON THE
*g) 1 floor. 206 Leavenworth st.
SECOND-HAND WELL AS NEW BARS,
showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too: be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOONaN, 1017, 1019
1021, 10^3 Mission st., above -Ixth.
IfILKCTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— wTnT
J Chester House, 44 Third su, near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night-, $1 60 to $6p«r
week: trei) bos to »nd from the ferry.
i .i...... l „.ii.v.\.Mf.,suMHA.MO.\ DSJ"JE W^
XJ elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD:
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc. : cheat.. Yard 11*56 Mission St., near Eighth.
CTLOAKS, i ARKS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
V^ mfrs' cost. Factors. 20 Sansome «-.. upstairs.
OLD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS AND~LADIii*"
XJ clothing bought. i .'I.MAX. 41 Third st.
. UKtSSUARKKa.
(SOI GEARY ST.^RTYrJSH SILK WAISTS,
>~. 1 goodsf nrnlshed. $4 50 up: la*es* dresses $5.
LUST.
T GOLD
AJ Medical College Of St. Louis. Mo. Finder will
please return JOS. MENAFEE, at 906 Powell
su, and receive suitable reward.
] OST— LARGE BLACK NEWFOUNDLAND
XJ dos: white breast. Return to 726 Golden Gate
aye. and receive reward.
| OST— PAIR I OF. G OLD EYE-GLASSES, ON
XJ Market. Shipley or Sixth sts. ; reward. 16 Hill
St., near Valencia.
T OST -YOUNG PUG DOG; GET REWARD
XX on delivery. 13 Shotwell st.
SEALSKIN JACKET— REWARD. RETURN
0 to ADDIE SWAIN. Astral Seer, 227 Geary st.
T OST— SUNDAY, 16TII, IN GOLDEN GATE
J i Park, oair gold spectacles and sold chain. A
valuable reward given to the party returning to
622 Baker st.
LOST— PURSE. ON ELLIS, BIT. JONES AND
Leavenworth, containing $5 gold, some silver
and $15 receipt; liberal reward. 4z5 Ellis.
1 OST ALL COMFORT AN PLEASURE BY
Xj not setting my shoes made to onler by
GEO. BRYANT for $5. 204 I ink st., near Jones.
LOST-PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEBNIA
XJ Savings and Loan society of San Francisco in
the name of JAMEs W. A INK P.. No. 185,556
The finder will please return to bank.
I" OST— BETWEEN CITY' HALL AND JEF-
XJ lerson square, ladies' hunting-case gold watch
with name inside. A handsome reward will be
given for the return of same to Call Ollice.
CLAIUVOI ANTS.
EDFcrTrrKoT^fL iiiTiYYl?yC^r^MKx
THE WORLD'S CELEBRATED
CLAIRVOYANT 'A MIST medium,
PROF. LEON, gives advice on business, specula-
tion, love, marr. age, divorce, etc.: tells of your
friends and enemies: interprets dreams; removes
evil influences: call and beconvlnced; hours 9 to 8
daily: also Sunday. PROF. LEON, 533 Post St.
1 J EOF. ZA.N ZIC, OCCULT SCIENTIST,
X palmist. 303 Mason St.; sittlnts 50c; attend the
entertainment Golden Gate Hall, February 25.
' TARLIGHT" IS LOCATED - iTCa"grTnT
. O a yy l"" -1 " 1 ' 5 ; ; 'l<-'e hours, 10 a. m. to 7p m.
TV! ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
A»A or by eggs and cards; tells entire life, M >,
present, future: consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sure
nelp: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: f.-.- .ft ; letter $2. H29 Post su. nr. Larkin.
A LGU TA I.EOLA. FORTUNE TELLER-
-TV. magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling-
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc. ; has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms-
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.'
MME. PORTER, CARD- READER; TELLS
past, present, future; ladies 50c, gents $I-
palmisiry, clairvoyant, $1 60. 126 Turk, nr. Jones.
*i.<ir.. UAViiiSA fti.S daily, SURE tips
ATA on races: names given; 25c up. 823 Howard.
VI ME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
-I'lpast, present and future ;25c up.764 Howard st.
\| ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
AU the world; 50c and $1 will show you the pic-
ture of your future husband or wife. 724 Harrison.
PROF. ZANZIC, OCCULT SCIENTIST. PALM-
-Ist, 303 Mason; sittings 50c; always crowded.
\f Rs7~"r BAUMAN, the benowned
XiX medium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
M .ME. STEWART, CHILD MEDIUM: THE
Dl greatest card reader and clairvoyant in the
world;, seventh daughter of seventh daughter: ,
Indies or gents 50c. 917 Market , parlors 3 and 4.
."CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
XJ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for Sl 50, post-
age free. --.•■■■ ■■■■-■
" -" . SPIRITUALISM.
THE STAR MEDIUM TEST CIRCLE TO
night; 10c; good music. 110 Hayes st.
A - DDIE SWAIN WILL REMAIN IN CITY
this week only. ■._ 227 Geary st. ; phone 5771.
EST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT," 10c. MMeT ,
YOUNG, 605 McAllister. Skeptics Invited. .
MRS7SHRINER CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; TESTS
to all; sittings daily. 311 Van Ness aye,
K'~ ATE HEUSSMANN'S TEST CIRCLE TO-
nlght. - 793 Stevenson st., off Ninth; 25 cents.
YPSY MEDIUM-SITTINGS DALLY (SUN-
day 8 Included) ; 26c. 946 Mission; hours 10 to 9.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
IVI tr nice medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton St.
HYPNOTISM.
H~~YPNOTISM OIT^E^MERU^r^AU^Ur^
Four (4) different methods taught in font-
weeks' time. A rare chance for physicians, stu-
dents of science or those Interested in its therapeutic
effects, as by suggestion nearly all diseases can be
| relieved if not cured. None taught but those fur-
nishing first-class reference or recommendations.
Correspondence solicited. Address J. WIRT M-
MlN>, Ph.G., 927 Market St.. rm. 524. Hrs.9to I 2
, , -•' : . STORAGE
Amerrjals^urnltu^
ket: storage at lowest rates. 'Phone Mint 32.
rp H. ROONY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
X -reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 perload
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC
R. F. OSBORN A CO.. 7-1 and 763 Market st.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS. 1IOUS&
hold goods, etc. .1. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
.WILSON. BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET- I
''Storage: low rates: telephone South 762.
BICVCLESj^
BICYCLES: STRIOTLY~SfSS
grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years.' A. L. BAY
CROFT & Co., 324 Po« St.. -.. b.
PARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LET :
best accommodations. Terminus Gaary. Ma-
i ▲Ulster and Powell su car lines.
BUSINESS CTTANCE>«..
TO BUY, SELL OB EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
of any kind see STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
(2; Of)/ I OLD ESTABLISHED-BAKERY AND
•ii Qv.V" coffee parlor across the bay; clears
$175 per month; 2 horses and wagons: too 1 out-
side trade; or will take German as partner for
$450. See STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
Q£AE.f) GROCERY AND BAB; ONE OF THE
•!?'±«Jl' . best corners In the city, good business:
large stock ; sell in* on account of other business:
reasonable rent. See STRAND A ('< >.. 45 Third st.
SJ C , i BESTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION;
•ST^XO\'. doing steady, profitable business;
handsomely fitted up: worth double; selling on
account of departure. STRAND it co., 45 Third st.
(^OTnTwT SALOON: HANDSOME i LACE;
. """. near Market st.; paying business;
full value: cheap rent. STRAND <& CO., 45 Third.
.ffljOCA I SALOON AND BOARDING-HOUSE
•IT OilVf. near Mail dock: cheap rent: good place
for man and wife. STRAND A CO.. 45 Third st.
SjOr r ? SALOON MEN, ATTENTION —
' — * ''. Saloon, No. 1 location: pays well; cheap
r" " . T' AY i ■ A- 'P., 45 Third st.
tTpiIUU. RESTAURANT.
Worth $1000: cash regis er Included.
ST FN BE !>G A-.( 'P.. 632 Market St., opp. Palace.
j_.. till Ki -* l ' L R A N T in V I _ IN OF 3
»Ji I \J\J . leading theaters; bit; day and night
trade; receipts will justify Investment of $1500.
Apply STENBERG <fc CO., 632 Market st.
<3* yO' NEATEST, ' BEST-PAYING RES-
-1&040. taurant n rth of Market st.: easily run;
average receipts $20; sickness. STENBERG A
CO., 632 Market st. ;.'- * '
<E»F.4)^ PRODUCE AND DELICACY STORE;
<-'-««-'• 4 living-rooms; Western Addition: pres-
ent owner 2 years: receipts average $18: snliable
for man and wife. STENBERG A CO.. 632 Market.
SI t'f) PARTNER; RESTAURANT: TEND
I \J\J . cash-counter and assist generally;
owner cook and thorough restaurant man. STEN-
BERG CO., 632 Market St.
KEViA c T, LUNCHHOUSE; VERY
best location: cheap rent: steady run of trade:
trial given if desired: profits will satisfy an Invest-
ment of $1500: will exchange lor city real estate.
STENBERG <fc CO.. 632 Market St. : - ■;
ffl» 9 X/T/"k ON ACCOUNT LARGE AND IN-
£txfXJ\Jt creasing business, young n erchant
wants partner in wholesale and retail fish and oys-
ter business; located In most popular and well-
known market In city; controls large first-class
trade: established 30 years: must have help;
clear ssoo monthly; best of refer nces: full inves-
tigation; fortune for some active man. STEN-
BERG A CO.. 632 Market st.
VTOTICE TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
L^ •■■•on. for cash. HEALY it CO.. '23 Kearny.
WW|li| DOWNTOWN COMMISSION-HOUSE
»„ O"". doing a large business; fine chance for
an active man; owner will remain until trade is
fully secured. HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny st.
©OetA PARTNER WANTED IN SALOON;
'iP— '«"• city front; will guarantee to pay partner
$60 per month ; not necessary to be barkeeper, as
owner will teach him the business: fine chance for
steady man. HEALY it CO., 23 Kearny St.
(£1 Xfl PARTNER IN IE A. COFFEE AND
•413 IiJU. liquor route; clears to each $60 per
month- Investigate. HEALY it CO.. 23 Kearny.
Ci'Jnn ROUTE; ESTABLISHED t^'ER .
•ll''-'^'"* years; has ail cash customers; good
horse and wagon; business worth $500; clears $100
a month: can be easily doubled; must sell at once;
trial given before buying. STANLEY, 9 Geary.
<2? I r.f\ LIGHT BUSINESS: RUN BY SAME
sPXO.xJ. people 2 years: cash trade: easil- man-
aged : clears $20 per week; suitable for two ladies
or man and wife: a decided bargain; must be sold
at once. STANLEY. 9 Geary st.
(ftOP.fl RESTAURANT, NORTH OF MAR-
•fI tJt/yj. ket; worth at least $500; receipts over
$17 daily; nicely lilted; expenses low. STAN-
LEY, 9 Geary st.
ft T(1 PARTNER WANTED IN FIRST-
•IT a"", class cash manufacturing business:
kept by present owner 12 years: is highly genteel;
has the patronage of the best; mercantile hous-s;
clears $20 to $25 tier weeK each; a trial allowed.
Apply KENNY .765 Market st.
Sk 9 -^( l I RESTAURANT; i IST PART OF
iJ)XJ 'l". Market st. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921
Market St.
ttl Fxft - BRANCH BAKERY AND CANDY-
•« 1 «1". store; laundry office; 2 furnished
rooms: central ; rent $14. BARRETT A SKIFF,
921 Market st.
it J .- Ti i re sta U rant — handsomely
V '"> titled up; doing a large business; in
good location: selling out on account of sickness.
A. McLEAN, 777 Market S__
ffiQFlfl HANDSOME SALOON— BEBT BTSI-
•IP'IcH-'. ness location in the city; the stock will
invoice the price asked; thorough Investigation
allowed: Immediate departure cause of selling.
A. McLEAN, 777 Market street.
Si OX PAYING COFFEE saloon; must
Wl— O. be sold this day; north of Market st. ; a
big bargain. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
BEST PAYING CIGA RESTORE ON KEARNY
et. JOHNSTON, ->6i... Kearny st.
p RANCH BAKERIES FROM $150 TO fl 6oo
< » Coffee saloons fr0m..... $200 lo $700
Restaurants from $250 to 81000
Saloons from $125 to $2000
Cigar stores from $250 to $750
Millinery stores from $125 to $2500
1000 other places from ; $ 100 to $10,0C0
Groceries and bars $200 to £80.01 0
11. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, s".. mp . if • b.
Sl r"- HALF INTEREST IN S.. i.UU.» ; ......
tip 1 < «J. block from Market St.; rent low; has a
well-paying trade; other misiness came of sale-
rare chance. M. LESS A CO., 783% Market st.
STEADY MAN WANTED TOTAKE CHARGE
kj of a laundry route: small capital required.
PROLL A LLOYD, 719 Market st.
Q9r,f| PARTNER WANTED IN LIGHT
<£3_i«JU. bus ness: will pay $65 month to each.
CULVER .fc COLTON. 906 Market st.
\l -AN A I) WIFE TO RUN DELICACY
i'l store on shares: good location. 414 Geary st.
(B»9/> A PARTNER, CASHIER IN COFFEE
'. — '"• saloon; can make $75 a month. Genu-
ine, box 85, Call Ollice.
ERRY-GO-ItOCND FOR SALE — STEAM
power, nearly new; very large, for $1600, or
$800 for half interest: cost $3500; investigate this
opportunity. <-..M. ROGER*, 631 South Main St.,
Los Angeles* Cal. '
Q 1 *?t\() ( ' *-H'ERY AND BAR AND FIX-
«JPJ-— xf\J. tures. horse and wagon, including
outside cash trade: receipts 525 a day: present
owner in other business. Inquire NABER, ALFS
& BRUN. , 323 Market st.
WANTED— AN ALL-AROUND LAUNDRY-
* » man who can buy a quarter or half Interest in
a steam laundry at sonora, 'Tuolumne County, one
of the best mining counties in the state: the
laundry is connected with the leading hotel of the
place. For further particulars, address P. M.
KEEFFE, City Hotel, Sonora, Tuolumne County,
Cal. '
TTOR SALE— FRUIT AND VEGETABLE BUSI-
XJ ness store at 335 Sixth st. :
ANTED— PARTY WITH $10,000 TO 1N-
" vest in well established city business that is
clearing $500 to $800 per month. Address G. W.,
box 8, this ollice.
TTiOR SALE— BRANCH BAKERY. COFFEE
Sj and lunch place; best location; cheap rents; on |
account of leaving city; for any offer. Apply at j
Call Ollice.
OR SALE— BUTCHER-SHOP; YOUR OWN
price if sold this week. Inquire Call Office.
<3i paying CORNER SALOON WILL
tjptJUU. take sober man partner. 633 Howard.
9 "acres With $1900 NOTE - TO - TRADE.
A. RHEADE, Pulaski st.
WANTED — PARTNER IN CORNER SjC
» » loon to make himself useful behind the bar and
look after the place; $200 capital required. Apply
1324 Mason street.
(&7^(| LOON : CORNER SIDE EX-
«JS li/''. trance; clubrooms; doing good , busi-
ness: fair stock: trial before buying. ' Particulars
with C. T. MARTIN, 6 Eddy st.; call bet. 12 and 1.
«.An.ERN . BAKING OVER ONE BARREL A
I 'day: all counter trade; bargain. Apply J.
DREHEB, room 40, Park House, cor. Twenty-
fourth and Mission sis.
A RE~BA"KOAIN: PLUMBING SHOP, CEN-
trally located, for sale, cheap, on account of
owner leaving city; any. reasonable offer consid-
ered. For particulars call at 35 Eddy st. .
RANCH BAKERY. SUITABLE FOR DELl-
cacles and laundry office; cheap. 317U, O'Far-
rell at. "■--.:
* J ~fl RESTAUR ANfTIN GOOD RUN-
<j3tt^U. nlng order; everything complete. In-
qolre Can Offloe. _^^
ESTAURANT-IN- GOOD LOCATION AND
business; $200. Apply at Call Office.
ffi'TAA tfTLL BUY" EXCLUSIVE " AGENCY
•jp I \J\i for the Pacific Coast for 10 years- busi-
ness established: good-selling article; fullest In-
vestigation solicited. Address XV. 8., box 71, Call.
tt i \ ~\(,~ CIGAR-STORE, 1 m L -_ L . „ ,., „, ,7
<_IUUU. and laundry office. C, box 108, Call.
SALOON FOR SALE; CHEAP. 505 MISSION
0 street. yy"
pOAL AND WOOD YARD; FINE LOCATION
VJajul well established trade. S. L., box 4.', CalL
DINING-ROOM. KITCHEN AND FIXTURES"'
will rent cheap to right party. 1532 Polk st. '
BRANCH ; BAKE RY AND NOTION-STORE-
pleasant furnished rooms; no agents 440
Guerrero st. _ - _ " v
PA PER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers 1-8 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
RESTAURANT AND BAKERY; OWNER
other business: can't attend to it. 917 Mission.
$500 '■ 2 ii { V,°-V S: XEW CORNER HOUBE;
tg3OUU. all full; low rent. 712 Kearny st.
STATIONERY, NOTION, TOY, FANCY
k_ goods, candy, cigar and tobacco store for sale-
good location; no opposition; also take a reliable
mat, as partner with about $250: must speak Ger-
man. D. p., box 66. C 11. ■ - ,
yon SALE-Ol^D ESTABLISHED GENERAL
J, S'"" 1 ' liseB ' ore "" San Joaquin Valley
$12,000 stock ; will sell at sacrifice ; easy terms!
Address CHARLES I'OWELL, lock box 255.
Lodi, Cal. -
L, OR >AI.E— A FRENCH LIQUOR-STORE ON
1 one of the best corners on Sixth stre-t at a sac-
ritiee. Inquire of E. ROBINET_IIy 2 California st.
FOR SALE— MILK ROUTE ; 15-CAN TRADE •
J Apply 2824 Mission St. .. '.. ; yv7~-'
TENOR - ALK-SA LOON : GOOD LOCATION •
-C bargain. 735 Mission sL *«"^« iv.> ,
LODGING-HOUSES FOII SALE.
mo BUY OR SELL A LO'^ING-lIGUSE
1 qotek for cash sec GUS STRA ND 45 I bird st.
ORNER HOUSE: 11 ROOMS; WELL FUR-
\J nlsbed; price $250. strand, 45 Third st.
©TKY\ HOUSE OF fiO BOOMS; RENT ONLY
«_} /OU. $50. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market.
oTTroOMs: SUNNY COR.: MUS SELL. .$7OO
iv 10-room house: very central 160
14-room house, worth $1000: price 450
11. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
9 ROOMS: CLEARS $35 OVER RENT; ALL
offices. - DECKER, 1020 Man;.-; st.
CA-ROOM HOUSE; RENT ONLY $50: FINK
OU coin r, clearing $100. Apply M DECKER,
1020 Market st. s%
/f j-BOOM HOUSE, CLEARING »100 PER
'14 month; price $700: trial given. See DECK-
ER, 1020 Market st.
Ol ROOMS: HOUSE ON MISSION ST.; PRICE
-jJ $1000. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
I oi.77lNiT-ll.it FOR SALE ALL THE
XJ time. CULVER & COLTON, 906 Market st.
iSTy^/A GREAT BARGAIN ON A- COUNT OF
<iT. I «IU. sicicriess; lodging-house 36 rooms; near
transfer car. HEALI A CO.. 23 Kearny st.
OfiO FOURTH— NEW HOUSE; W ELL LIG IIT-
Ou»~)ed: room rent reduced. Apply to J. DE-
MARTINI, 317 Washington st.
_7/_V OS AC COUNT OTHER BU INESS;
3&II/V. -15 rooms; clearing $100 per month;
$500 cash, balance installments. 115 second st.
i<|-B° l » M HOUSE. NEW LV FURNISHED;
1 U will sacrifice, cheap. 202 Turk st.
Flit A.li -i. FOR SALE.
I^TMoTsALE^SUNNY^i^ 7-ROOM
XJ flat; well furnished. Apply 112G0ldeu Gate aye.
_9^C "FURNITURE OF 7 ROOMS FOR
tjp£~o. sale. Address Felice, box 2, Call Office
ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW. ... *75
Bedlounges trimmed with plush $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 40c up
Window shades in s colors 25c up
SHIBEK it SHIREK, 747 Market St., opposite
Grant avenue; no branch stores.
ONE MORE CUT— ~" "
Oak Roll Top Desks ..'.sl4 tos3s
Oak Chiffoniers. From $10 no
Oak Bed Sets $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
stoves and Ranges '. $3 up
Thousands Of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. Noon ,\,
1017,1019,1021, 1023 Mission St., «above Sixth.
UOK SALE— NEW FURNITURE OF 7-ROOM
Sj flat; all or part; reasonable. 125 Grove.
IpURNITURE; 5 BOOMS; ALMOST NEW;
Xj must be sold Immediately. 6 Zoe st
FOR SALE— THE FURNITURE 0F,7-ROOM
house; rooms all occupied. 214 Ellis st.
ODERN FURNITURE OF six- OOM FLAT
forsale; Just the thing for any one going
housekeeping. Call 1439 McAllister St.; no dea er3.
Ho. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. dine: new folding-beds, ;-".i and up: step-lad-
ders. L'Oc pr step; furniture exehged. 779 Mission st.
E "EDUCTIONS ON LARGE ITOCK, NEW AN'O
second-hand: 400 carpet* good as new, oil-
cloth, 26c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum. 45c: ■'-
piece chamber suits, f.i 4 50: cornice poles, 25a;
ran~es, $6: cash or Installments; goods shippe-1
free. T. li. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
— m
FURNITURE WANTED
A"" ~~MA LONE~P^V^^ YS I^EITTrEN T MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth st.
CA-H PRICE PAID FOR FURNI 1 URK. JA-
KJ COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th A sth.
ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
second-hand furniture and carpets by I. und/
Furniture Co., Sl3 Market st.: can or send postal.
CARPET c i \.\ i n<;.
C"~ V ITYST KA>rcXlTl^fc?LEA' NlS^tLTl^NDvTv
ting, 3SStli. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. south 250.
{A ARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
XJ like new. FERGUSON ik CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH &CO., successors.
Jl MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 2 I'J
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 7 L
MCQUEEN ' - CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
Rational carpet beating and re no-'
XX vating Works HAMPTON &BAILLY: laying
snd altering. 313-316 (inerrero: Tel. Mission 24 1.
Whe.\"y6u BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work send to SPA ULDING'S PioneerC^c-
yet Beating Works. oSH-7 Tehama: tei. So-40.
/ IONKLTN«B CARPET BEATING WORKaTsJi
XJ fioid'-n Oa:e »v». ; t___hor_» eas". 3 26.
HOUSES.
yon SALE— STYLISH PAIR OF MATCHED
X dock-tailed cobs; color bay: height i;.i- a
bands; age 6 and 7 and sound; price SHOO. Appl ■
for 2 days at PETER'S stable, 1314 Grove st., near
Devisadero
I,H)R""SAI.K CHEAP-HORSE AND WAGON
1 with license to peddle; good route. Apply 72
Jessie st.
1 T-CLASS PASTURAGE: PLENTY WATER
land feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market st.
I C A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAH-
X t7V ness: aT kind*: wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
HORSES PASTURE $2 A MONTH: GOOD
car« and feed; send for circular. The Hrde
ranch, 630 Commercial st. ■
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUIT
geon for S. F. Police Department office ani
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
ji \ HORSES FOB SALE*; ALSO At* i S "
I\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horn
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wenrje*.
day. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
1 00 'sets SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALU
±\J\J kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, cart*;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sta
FOli s ALIi _ : 1 _s, .N.b ot> 5.
f-^oR sale— handsome family in".
riageof modern style, in excellent condition;
also fine large-sized brown horse: steady, accus-
tomed to town use and so gentle that ala ly can
drive him: with harness, together or separately.
Apply at 822 Broadway. Oakland.
TJUY YOUR BABY' CARRIAGES AND BAT-
-L» tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat yon right. CALIFOR-
MA RATTAN COMPANY, til First, nr. Mission.
FOR SALE— LARGE ICEBOX; GOOD FOR
milkman: cheap*. 709 Larkin st.
*<2*9 X ALMOST NEWT"7-"DRA\VER, OAK?
*U ,wt -'- standard sewing-machine. 1915 Mission,
near Fifteenth.
fl* O "^~ HANDSOME NEW " HOME SEWING
<iP— *-*• machine: equal to new: 7 drawers- at-
tachments complete cause, going East. 801 Union.
]\7EV.' BATOR, 120 EGGS, $12 50 :
-'-'l Brown Leghorn hens and Guinea fowls *1
each. Address 2029 San Antonio aye., Alameda.
BOYS' AND GIRLS' NEW $25 BICYCLES
_ for $10 each. W., box 48. this office.
BOOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICTta."
KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth st.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AN 1 1 LARGE SIZES
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 31 ark-; st.
LJELLOV.S ANVIL. VISE. STEAM PUMP*
XJ small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st!
fsftft SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES
tJ'.'W and prices from 25c per yard un. r
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth!
I/mBE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER-*
X press, platform scales an desk:cheap. 102 Clay
TVTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-"
XX hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California st.
CO UN T E RS. SHELVING, SHOWCASED
bought and Hold ll'il^Markri: beu7thandB;a
■ '■ *.
MRJL'ATIuiXAL,
vfRX^M^LVMLL^"sSrvTH^^
XXX Sutterst.; teacher vocal music Italian meth-
od), piano and elocution; dramatic elocution asi.c-
clalty; vocal and .Shakespearean classes.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X Ing. shorthand, etc. Stlehl's College, 723 Market.
LiRENCH, SPANISH, ETC. PROF. DE XI!-
X IPI'E'S Academy of Languages, 320 Post St.,
established 1871.
"piANO LESSONS: CLASSICAL COURSE AND
■L simple music taught; accompanists taught;
lessons SOc. Call 9t012 a. m.. 30 Ninth st.
JOSEPH OREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER 82
O Ninth st.
A I ISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRA-
T'A men to-- Board. English, French, German,
piano; $30 month; kindergarten under new man-
agement: coach.
} r N(ILISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS, ENG-
J lisn literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON'.
724 O'Farrell st.
i, LOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSARTE. PHYSI.
XA cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE lI'iFF
SCHROEDk-R. 299 Hyde St.; call after 1 P. M.
CT. DENT'S 1 l.i RED 1 OR THE UNIVER-
-0 city, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 l'belan building.
1 Tela SCO's LYCEUM school of ACTING—
XX private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
chanicat engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DEB N AILLEN, ___.
T J loi, in. MANDOLIN, GUITABr CORNET
V taught. Prof. L.MKRKI. 225 Geary reasonable
"wl'T-iNisn, BENCH, GERMAN ; MODERATE,
i -Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST ST."
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Vvnte for catalogue.
V IGHTSCHOOL-.IIEALD'S BUS. COLLEGE -.24
i* I'ost: commercial, shorthand. English: low ra'e»
"VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. in Jii i Valencia.
I 'HEill-i'RY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING^
" ■' ham's ____ ''or __ar» »•* ' l'ow»' s-s.
attorneys-at-law.
dvTcel^ee^thvtTrc^^ 3~X~Sk£h^
alty; private: no charge unless su: eeaafnl: all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tsaidetl to-'G. W. HOWE. atl'y-at-la-,v. 850 Market,
TJ. MURRAY", ATT' Y AND COUNSELOR AT
. law: advice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-AT-L.VW,42a
If . California at., rms. 11-16; ad rice free.VIM sks iTOjr^BT:
- — t 1 # a i IVK SUNNY BOOMS; BATH. 024
'""■^' Locust aye.. off Laguna s:..tir. Ulster.
9Q COOK - 3-Rt OM HOUSE;' BASEMENT
— *J and large yard.
TT OUSE 7 S-ANDBATI LARGEBASE-
Ix ment; modem plumbing; ' large barn and ottt-
I houses; $23; water extra; electric cars pass the
jouse. 2728 Bryant aye., near Twenty-fifth st.
Apply »o G. H. UM nsEN A CO., 14 Montgomery.
«..'••> Z.f\ HOUSE 8 ROOMS. BATH; X><o-
-li 'J— '.OxJ. em. 1723 Clay, irear Van Ness aye.
6 SUN S V ROO B~UP3I -vris. $9; 3~LARGE "
'* roonisdownst-airs, $S. i>o Silver St., apply in rear.
pHEAPESTAHoUSE IN ■> CITY' : 8 ROOMS
V^ b.ith; modern, $20. 534 i ■. Valencia St., near
Seventeenth. -
J ".'). . V.\ • . I SUNNY" ROOMS. BATH,
l, '— " ' Apply 929 Broadway, near Taylor.
Hi > USKOJF? LOOMsTaN'D MINT. '17
louden aye., near Van Ness.
_on 750 FOLSOM— NICE HOUSE,* B ROOMS
•.'>'.. hath; good yard. McE WES BROS.,
118 Montgomery st.
OQ TWENTY-THIRD. EAR HAMPSHIRE^
—O 0 rooms, bath: ... rent $17.
I AQH MISSION -SUNNY SIDE BAY-WIN-
ivOU dow house of 10 rooms.
01 ] GEARY'— HOUSE! OF 11 ROOMS AND
— 11 bath: rent reasonable: key at 217 3 /2.
y.iii BROOMS7MODERS CONVENIENCES;
_• ' - fine neighborhood. Apply 15 Grant aye
71 AND 73 SHIPLEY ST.— 4 AND 5 ROOMS:
I I $12.
-V I Q ELEVENTH' AYE. COB It. R.AVE.;
Cii- • 10 roouis,"baru and stable. NICOL, soli-
California stl
TIAB MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
I J contented: house rented from BALDWIN A
HAMMOND. '.(' Montgomery 8
ITUMSIiKI) HOUSES.
~yO!\ SALE OR FOR Rl-.NT-Kl.Ki; ant" 7-
J room flat; a bargain. Apply after 4 p. m.,
625-Geary >-.
O NYU PPER FLAT; FOUR NEWLY FUR-
i- mshed rooms; cheap. 5273, i Geary St., rear.
FURNISHED FLATS. ~
<.' NN V F^R^isirETrT^N^iT^fT^Vr^
O rooms, hath: ' '■" Apply 228 Thirteenth st.
COTTAGES TO ! 1. T. .
>< 1 1 Z.f) SMALL^CC^A^y3TTA«ST*
_ X-X ____■ near corner Clay and Bhweli.
<< , COTTAGE, ii ROOMS, ON PROSPECT
<>«-/. aye. ____■_ 75 California aye., nr. Mission.
pOTTAGE-4 — SU3^Y^tOOiT^^SAsiSMENT^
KJ larse yard; chicken-bouse; water tree: rent
.? 10. 31 Harper st., south of Thirtieth, IL-s blocks
Irom Twenty-ninth st. electric-cars.
f N OTTAGE, NEARLY NEW, ', ROOMS BATH:
VJ latest Improvements: fine barn: stable: yard
planked. 828 Hampshire st., near Twenty-first.
TO LET-COZY COTTAGE IN SAUSALITO;
A good location; fine view; large flower garden;
H rooms: rent reasonable. WILL E. FISHER A
CO., 14 Post st.
C U N N V RAY-WIND INV COTTAGE FLAT OF
O b large rooms and bath. 540 Fifteenth st.,
near Dolores.
}i 438 SEVENTH ST.: 5
J J rooms: bath, gas, basement, yard: $20: fine
cottage. 1 rooms, etc., $10 rill. 959 Hurrisonst.
FLATS 111 LEA.
Oil UPPER FLAT -4 sFn3?Y^ROOMSJ
<Ip.L"X. cor. Twenty-third and Castro sis.:
'-" 6-room fiats, cor. Fifteenth and Noe sts. ; new
and modern.
<]() 4 ROOMS; SUNNY" BAY" WINDONY;
•- X\l. bath; larire yard. 452 Clipper st., bet.
Castro and Diamond.
9 NEW BAY- WINDOW FLATS; 5 AND 3
— ms; bath; £18 and $13. SO9 Folsom St., nr.
Fitth.
ATORTHWEST COR. EIGHTEENTH ST. AND
--' Clara aye.: - any upper fiat, 0 rms: bath: $20.
v. I" N N Y' FLAT, 3 »Msi YARD; WATER
0 frt-e; rent $12. : J 56 Third st.
VLAT. 6 ROOMS, HEALTHY;: LOCATION;
1 $14; co'tase. 4 rooms, yard. $11. 629 Second
st., near Brannan.
Ql T FLAT, 1207 a BUi-H: 5 ROOMS BAI H,
V-^I- gas, bay-windows. Apply 21 1 b Bush st.
ELEG ANT new FLATS. SEVENTHSTTB&
low Bryant, 5 and 0 rooms, bath; 98 to $16.
ixi ,^1 mission; NEAR ELEVENTH -6
1 ulii'> sunny, papered rooms; bath; laundry;
very cheap.
&To LAT 5 ROITjIS, 716 TEHAMA ST., NR.
•_ l — . Eighth: sunny.
"L'LAT OF 5 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH. 1613
X Folsom st., near Twelfth.
<1 ~\ \t NE v. i! EG ANT FLAT; S ROOMS,
■ Ixt.OKf. bath; modem. 113 Bernard; key
1216 Pacific.
OUNNY - FLAT OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
0 205Vj Gu rrtro st.; rent $20; key 439 Four-
teviith st.
C£ I 9 CONVENIENT 4-ROOM FLAT: BASE-
IflTai meet. 929 Nineteenth St., cor. Hartford.
£• 1 ' FLAT 5 ROOMS; BATH. 1909 GEARY'
CI"- street
13" f7| VT'PER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS 109
%. 1". Germania st. Apply grocery Waller and
i illmore.
LA . I ROOMS AND BATH: MA-
AJ rine view and close to cars: modern improve-
ments. 1121 Filbert st. '
\'EW FLAT OF S RMS.; MODERN" IMPROVE-
-N ments; rent $16. Blnxome st., near Fourth.
o rooms and*bath. 4C9»_ thirteenth
•-) st. v above Y'alencia.
qiA- SUNNY FLAT. 637 MINNA ST.
V E« SUNNY 5!;. • FLAT; BATH: STA-
- ' ticnary tabs. 42 Caselll aye. , near Douglas,
Mi FLAT; SUN
->J all day. 916 Capp St., near Twenty-fourth.
C ORNER TV/ELFTJOfTNITHoWARD STS.— 2
n J sunny bay-window l!^:s, 7 and 5 rooms, and
bath. No. 1555.
Ii REDUCED.
221 Laurel aye. \'a\i Ness, near Eddy.
I'l.A 1 : 4 NICETIaHGEROOMS; RENT REA-
S. sonable. 444 Clementina St., near Sixth.
< I Q SUNNY" F LAT 5 ROOMS. RATH. 23
%JSJLC_ Birch aye , 01Y Larkin st,. BeL Grove and
Fulton.
] 1 _ 1 FIIT.MORE— 6 NICE SUNNY ROOMS.
LI 12 bath; cheap, to good tenant.
H. . FLATS, 5 IL, BATII,
-I'l 4 r.. bath,3r. ; rent cheap to good tenants.
SUNNA BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 1704 WASH-
-0 ing:on, near Polk: 6 rooms and bathroom: rent
527 50.
<-. • -li ELEGANT UPPER FLAT; 7
O— I. OVJ. large sunny rooms and bath. 2219
Sutterst.
,< 1 q AND $14— 1124 AND 1110 STEVENSON,
0 1"> near Herman; nice flats: cheap rent.
J; 1626 CLAY. NIL POLK;
-11 7 rooms and bathroom; rent $25.
S 1 5 MODERN, SUNNY. UPPER, CORNER
'J XO. i»i:; 6 rooms; bath; stable. 1232 18th st.
A PINE flat of six rooms and BATH;
XX. 101 1. Louisa st.. near Fourth; rent $14: water
free; one month's rent free togood tenant. Sil IN-
WALD. i-.i ( KBEE * <>.. In Montgomery st.
9AO 7 BAKER ST., BET. WASHINGTON AND
— ''«>< lay — Elegant new modern very sunny
flat; next to a large vacant lot; 5 rooms and bath ;
very choice neighborhood; A car lines: $27 50.
WILL K. FISHER .v: CO., 14 I'ost st.
'"XT ERY FINE SUNNY FLAT; 3 LARGE
» room^ and bath; all latest improvements.
713Gro\-Wst. '
719 OCTAVIA. N Alt MCALLISTER —
1 -L— Lovely flat; 7 rooms, bath; latest improve-
ments; brick basement.
1 iWI UAYE-s— FINE VIEW OF THE CITY;
AUUO sunny upper flat: ti rooms and bath.
TTPPEB FLAT: 7 LARGE SUNNY' ROOMS
U and bath. 827 Hnyes st.
V. BOOMS AND BATH. 119 WilLIaM
L st., near Tost and Taylor. Inquire 729 ■ 'Us st.
A DESIRABLE FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
i'l with bath and all modern improvements;
1639 Bush sty rent if. MADISON A BURKE,
agents.
B\::'- HAPFV; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
L> contented ; flat rented from BALDWIN A.
if AM MON D, 10 Montgomery st.
rUTS TO SI." IT— BEST PART OF CITY;
F central.conver.ient. economical; Sacramento st.,
below Mason ; sunny. Apply 320 sansome St., rm. 4.
"YEAR [TV HALL— a SUNNY' FLATS: 5
XX and 6 room*: (21, $39. 147 and 713Grove-t.
"l.'r.P.V , l,i-. FLAT; 7 ROOMS; LARGE
» ywrd : low rent. ': II MI«slon: key ___ door.
hOt.stKliETLNi. 1:0 i>/»l :*.
Hush Street.
'• )' BUSH— FURNISHED, SUNNY ROOMS
1 ' —• 1 rcr housekeeping: rent moderate.
California Street. *
-,--.1 CALIFORNIA;— 3 ELEGANT FUR-
'■iOX. nished ims and bath: cheap.
Eddy Street.
QI7.EDDY— 8 UNFURNISHED OR FUR-
O X 1 niched housekeeping rooms; private family.
litis street. *
50c ELLTS-NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
__-_j room with kitchen, bath; modern flaL
Fifth Stroet.
099 FIFTH— ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
— _- bonselceep! rent $9.
i illmore Street.
091 9 FILLMORE," NEAR CLAY— B SUNNY
_—• J - rooms to small family, $11. y ■■■ • -.
FolVoin >l re«;,
'FNVO HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS FURNISHED
X complete: separata yard and use of bath; rent
K*.Q. ■.'.■ Folsom street.
Glen I'ai-fc Avenue.
" GLEN PARK AYE.. OFF TWELFTH ' AND
o Mission— Uniurnisiied housekeeping rooms.
gpPSKKEKFiyGjtoQMs w Contlnned.
t»eary st 1 cet.
404 , ARY-3 UNFURNISHED HOCSE-
a.xj - keeping rooms; sunny; $13.
801 °, E , A Y y- 2 SUNNY ~ rooms fuiu I
r,, ni&nedor unfurnished; bay-window, man-
tel , elegant new corner fiat. -Call after 1 p. m.
■ Howard Street.
I 1 49 HOWARD— 2 SUNNY" FRONT FUR-
rVr - c ~ BWhed housekeeping rooms; range; bath;
4 io.
1 jyy\ HOWARD— 3 SUNNY FURNISHED 1
xx*JX rooms for housekeeping.
Hayes Street.
QOOI HAY'ES-2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
j^T,. 11 housekeeping; also front parlor, neatly
iurnished.
Larkin Street.
.IQO larkin — neat -bay-window I
a*JkJ housekeeping rooms; hot water; reasonable.
Leavenworth Street.
OAQ LEAVENWORTH— SUNNY CON-
*->xJtJ necting rooms, with use of kitchen; $14.
McAllister Street.
QJ.{l MCALLISTER— NICELY furnished
j___ ' room for housekeeping.
Oil MCALLISTER ST.— 3 SUNNY' UNFUR-
V ■*-_£ nished rms; housekeeping; water; gas; $12.
Minna ■•■treet.
"1 70 MINNA-FURBISHED SUNNY FRONT
X. I—, rooms for housekeeping, cheap; also single
rooms.
V: i.> 111:1 Street.
OI NATOMA — FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
Ol rooms furnished, $2 a week, for respectable
family.
Sixth * reel.
"1 Oi"| SIXTH -HOUSEKEEPING, SINGLE OR
J.— .VJ en suite; private.
Seventh Street.
"1 JO SEVENTH — LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
1 J— rooms; also single or en suite; suitable for
a do tor.
South Park.
I(\ SOUTH PARK— 3 FURNISHED HOUBE-
XJxJ keeping rooms; $10; also unfurnished.
Twelfth Street.
TAX TWELFTH; COR. HOWARD— NICELY
J. till furnished housekeeping rooms.
Valenci street
>~)f)(\ VALENCIA— 2 SUNNY", BAY-W INDOW
*-*JU rooms, furnished for housekeeping; gas,
bath; ?15.
Washing-ton Street.
191 0 WASHINGTON, NEAR TAYLOR— 3
XX. "or 4 unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
Welsh Street.
nA WELSH OFF FOURTH— 4 NICELY
1 i J furnished housekeeping rooms: yard : cheap.
l;.oojls TO LEA.
Brannan Street.
99 BRANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM; USE
"1 — — of stove; $1 per week. '
Hush Street.
I "I 9X BUSH— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
J- J- — O room for gentleman.
Devisadero Street. «,
I ftfiQ DEVISADERO, COR. GOLDEN GATE
X UUO aye.— Furnished rooms for gentlemen.
*.udy Street.
19Q EDDY", OPE. lIVOLI — FURNISHED
—<J suite: also double and single rooms: gas.
11Q EDDY— GROUND FLOOR FRONT SUITE
HO cheap: other rooms, $5 up.
OX Q EDDY'— NTCKLY" FURNISHED SUNNY"
X. v back parlor; grate; also single room; rea-
sonable. - .».'
- Eighth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 23 STH
0 st., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Franklin Street.
9AI FRANKLIN — SUNNY' FURNISHED
— I'l room for gentleman: $5 per month.
Geary Street.
'I Q GEARY— FURNISHED ROOMS;
•JJLO double and single; suitable doctors'.
reasonable.
i'l\< GEARY'— LARGE FRONT ROOM, WITH
U'.'O with 3 large buy-windows, suitable for den-
tist.
79 J GEARY"— HANDSOMELY' FUR-
-1 — 1 nisbea room; rent reasonable.
-J 1 fl 1 ."BABY, COB. VA Kss AYE.. THE
' LIU J- Martinet; first-class modern' apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single; new house; ele-
gantly fitted; breakiast if desired.
Golden Gate Avenue.
0'") A "OLDEN GATE -SUNNY ALCOVE
OX.VJ suite: hotand cold water; single reasonable.
OA GOLDEN ATE 'AYE.— DESIRABLE
OU sunny room; private family; $6.
Gough S reet.
! 1 /-> "J I "OUGH — NIC V FURNISHED
lull sunny bay-window alcove room; $12. •
Grant Avenue.
7 GRANT -FURNISHED, 3 CONNECT-
I ins rooms, first floor, for business: also suites
and single rooms, from $1 50 a week up.
Harriet Street.
<■) HARRIETT— NICE SUNNY - FRONT ROOM,
0 furnished; reasonable.
Hyde street.
/] A HYDE— ELEGANT SUITE : PARTLY FUR-
-1 1 nished: gas, bath; $16; near City Hall.
C A »_> HYDE— SUNNY", FURNISH "FRONT
OUO room..
Jones Street.
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE; NENV
x. U 1 management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to SSO.
Kearny Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first clau
In every respect: terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
4QQ L A R X I N — NICELY FURNISHED
'I--'" suites: single; running water; bath; gas.
.Market Street.
y'OSFMTTE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
i Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
night, tssc 10 $1 : week, $1 50 to $6: families
11 99 MARK — NICELY' FURNISHED
1I — — suite: also single rooms.
1 J O'l MARKET— SUNNY ROOM SU TABLE
laOl for 2: home comforts; running water; $12.
Mason treet.
8 MASON, COR. MARKET— SUNNY
suite fronting on Market st. ; suitable for doc-
tors; also single rooms; all conveniences.
Mint street. ; ;.:";' y'.
CC'J MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— FUR-
DO I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient.
Mission Street.
-/•♦I MISSION. NR. SECOND-FRONT ROOM
•I'Jl and kitchen furnished for housekeeping.
MO MISSION— NICELY ■ FURN IS HE D
UJL«J front rooms, $1 25 to $2 a week.
QQiTafIS lON — SUNNY FURNISHED
D*« 'lloor. 3 rooms; large yard; kitchen partly
furnished: $16.
O9 MISSION— NEATLY FURNISHED SUN-
»J— ny rooms; sin le and double; $5 up; bath.
EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
O'f-'arreil Street. '%'."':
099 O'FARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
<->— \£i single and double rooms, from r »np.
Fine Street.
r*9l PINE-ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN, $6
11— X up; running water; quiet,
llausch street.
A f> RAUSCH ST., NEAR HOWARD-3 NICE
J.U unfurnished rooms: large yard; cheap rent.
Seventh Street.
1 OOSEVEXT FUR N I SHED front
100 sunny rooms adjoining housekeeping
t Sixth Street.
I /YQ SIXTH— NICELY* FURNISHED SUNNY
.LUO rooms, suite or single; $1 25 up per week.
Stevenson Street.
ri O STEVENSON — NICELY FURNISHED
OXO rooms;. clean, new and comfortable; rent
reasonable.
.Stockton Street.
A I 7 STOCKTON — LARGE FURNISHED
*11 I sunny front bay-wiudow room, $10; sin-
gle. $5. ■' . ' - --■ ■
Sutter '«• treet.
09AI SUTTER- ALWAYS SECURE IN PER-
ijx,\j'i sou and property and , rooms sweet and
neat, says the leading hatter of San Francisco:
rooms at Shasta rooming-bouse, price $2 60 per
week, formerly $5.
1 1 A\A SUTTER, COR. FOLK— FINE SUNNY
ll'lc) rooms: reasonable: light housekeeping;
transients accommodated. .
Van .Ness Avenne.
qfQVAN NESS— SUNNY - ,- NEWLY FUR-
010 nished bay-window room; hot and cold
water; very desirable for two gentlemen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL, TUESDAY, FEBHUARY .1.8, IS9G.
___"_MS TO LET-Continued.
• .- , Third Street- ~
, " I *. HE^ TER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
• » Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms '_6c to $1 50 per night; «1 50 to so' per week;
electro lights in every room : reading r'm : tret bus. j
"^'-U THIRD-TNVO UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
u<JJL keeplug rooms; water free; $6. .
-Miscellaneous.
AN DROME ROOM, AVITH GAR, SUITABLE
-LA for 2 gents; near City Hall; breakfast given
and underwear laundered; $10 per month. H.,
box 46, Call otiic-. - -
"CNCLTON HOUSE, .OPP. city HALL— FUR-
x. nished rooms; single or en suite; $8 and .sl*s up.
JBOAL.JJ.Nt> A:\11 ».«.«>.VIS. ■
pTANDSOME FRONT AND BACK PARLOR;
XL warm belt of the Mission: batb: gas: piano;
breakfast; use of private team; references cxi
changed; $10 per month. 529 Noe st.
40-1 LOTT ' TWO BLOCKS FROM BAKEB-
av I Sunny rooms with board.
1 4 99 hyde — large" sunny' ROOMS;
- L - x — — marine view; board for 2; $40 and $50.
999| TURK-SUNNY ROOMS; WITH OR
■^^-x without board: reference..
IT "I !-.1. BEBTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
xx. hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences. ' ■ •
CHILDREN BOARDED.
TPNGLISH NVIDONV WISHES 2 CHILDREN
XJ to board; furnished room for parent. 47y 2
Gilbert st.
GOOD HOME FOR INFANT; TERMS MOD-
erate. 1014 Jackson, bet. Powell and Mason.
T ADY IN COUNTRY' 1 OR 2 SMALL
XJ children to board; good home; reasonable.
Apply at Call Office.
TV URSE. WISHES 1 OR 2 CHILDREN TO
XA board: $10 month. 2819 sixteenth st.
STUB S TO Lirr.
TOR E AND 3 ROOMS; CHEAP RENT. 328
>-' Seventh st. -
OFFICES TO LET.
1 097 MARKET — NICE FRONT OFFICE
x\J+j.i 0 dentist or real estate: a splendid
chance; $12.
L'LEGANT OFFICE FOR PROFESSIONAL
XA man will be vacated on March 1, at 850 Mar-
ket st., cor. Stockton; first floor.
9] 7 GEARY'— PARLOR FLOOR: SUITABLE
*— -L I for business. Key 217V-N, rear.
1? LEG ANT OFFICES IN NY SPRECKELS
X J building, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
ccarge for gas, janitor services or healing. Apply
st building or G. H. UMBSEN A- CO.. 14 B____S_
;__ TRUSTEES' SALES.
rpRUfeTKES' SALEy^rATcORDTNCIT^YrT'I
1 the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, dulv executed ny T. D. BitOWN and
SARAH LA DORNA BROWN (his wild), some-
times called SARAH LA DORNA LA MARSNA
BROW parties of the first part, to HENRY' C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees,
parties of the second part, and the SAN FRAN-
CISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of th.- third part,
dated February 9th, 1891. and recorded in the
office of the County Recorder of the County of
Tulare. State Of California, in Liber 7 of Trust Deeds,
at pages U8 and following, and In pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 29th day of November.
lws, by the bo rd of directors of said san
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 10,661), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had b«en made in
the payment ofthe principal sum' and other sums,
due under said note and deed of trust, .u, <i request-
ing and directing said HENRY' C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy said in-
debtedness. . '
We, HENRY* C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
P.. KENT, trustees.do hereby give notice, that on
TUESDAY", the 25t:i .lay of February, A. D.
1896, at 12 o'clock noon of that day. and at the '
auction salesroom of Easton. Eldridge A Co., No.
tf3B Market street, in the City and County of San
Francisco, state of California, we will self at pub-
lic auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the United States, all those pieces or par-
cels of land situate in the County of Tulare, State
of 1 alifornia. described as follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and systems of sur-
veys 01' the Government of the United States: y .
In township twenty-one (21) south, range
twenty-five (25) east", Mount Diablo base and
meridian.
Of section three (3.. the northwest quarter of
the southeast quarter 1 NNY. 1.4 of SE. i: . and the
southwest quarter of the northeast quarter (SW.
Vi of NE. 14).
Containing eighty (80) acres of land, more or 1
less, together with the appurtenances.
TERMS OF SALE— in gold coin ofthe
United States; ten per cent payable to t^e under-
signed on the fail of tbe hammer: balance on |
delivery of deed; and if not so paid, unless for j
want of title (ten days being allowed for search), . :
then said ten per cent to be forfeited, and the sale
to be void. Acts ot sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, 1 -„,„„„„■
_ THADDEUS B. KENT, / rruslCM '
TRUSTEES' SALE.— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
A the terms and under the authority of a cer am '
"e.-.I of trust, duly executed by WILLIAM I
eMITH. party of the first part, to HENRY C. j
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trus-
tees, parties of the second part. an.-, the san
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party Of the
third part, dated December 27th, 1889, and re-
corded in the office 01 the County Recorder of
the County of Tulare. State of California, in Liber
< of Trust Deeds, at pages 85 and following: and
In pursuance of a resolution passed on the ihh day
of Januar.. , 1896, by the board of directors of said
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corpora-
tion, and the holder Of the note (No. 9778), to
secure payment of which the aforesaid deed of
trust was executed, declaring that default had
boon made in the payment of the principal sum
and other sums due under said note and deed of
trust, and requesting and directing said HENRY'
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS R. KENT,
trustees, to sell the real estate described therein to
satisfy said indebtedness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
U. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice, that
on TUESDAY", the 25th day of February, A. D.
1896, at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the
auction salesroom of EASTON, ELDRIDGE A
CO., No. 638 Market street, In the City and County
Of San Francisco, State of California, we will sell
at public auction, to the highest milder, for cash
in gold coin of the United States, all that piece or
parcel of land, situate in the County of 'Tulare,
Stale of California, described as follows, to wit:
According to the Official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States:
In township seventeen (17) south, range twen-
ty-three i 23) east, Mount Diablo base and mef
ridian:
Of section two (2), the east half of the west half
(11. V 3 of W. I/2,.i /2 ,. containing one hundred and sixty
(160) acres of laud, more or less, together with
the appurtenances. •-■-.. ■■-■-. -.-
TERMS OF SALE— Cash in gold coin of the
United States; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed : and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale*to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. !
HENRY C. CAMPBELL,! t-.,,.,— „
THADiiEUs p. KENT, Trustees.
RUSTEES' SALE— ACCORDANCE WITH
J- the terms and under the authority ol a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by J. M. HUDSON,
party of the first part, to HENRY* C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, parties of
the second part, and the SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party cf the third part, dated
September Ist, 1890, and recorded in the office of
the County Recorder of the County of Tulare, State
of California, in liber 7 of trust deeds, at pages 250
and following, and in pursuance Of a resolution
passed on the 2Sd day of January, 1896, by the
Board of Directors of said SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the notes (No. 10,827), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed Of trust was executed,
declaring that default had been made in the pay-
ment of the principal sums and other sums due
under said notes and deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to sell the real
estatedescribed therein to satisfy said indebtedness.
NVe, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY', the 3d day of March, A.D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of EAST! IN, ELDRIDGE <fc CO., 638 Market
street, in the City and county of San Francisco,
Stale of California, we will sell at public (taction',
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United States, all that piece or parcel of land
situate In the County of Tulare, State of California,
described as follows, to-wit:
According to the official plats and systom of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States: •
In Township seventeen 1 17) south, range twenty-
Aye (25) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian, of
section twenty-nine (29), the north ha f( N 1/2).
containing three hundred and twenty (830) acres
of land, mora or less, together with the ap-
purtenances.
1 TERMS OF SALE— Cash in gold coin of the
United Slates, ten per cent payable 10 the under
signed 0:1 the fall of the hammer, balance on de-
livery of deed, and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten percent to be forfeited and the sale to bo
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's pens-.
HENRY C. CA-iiPBELL. l Tru , tpp .
THAPDEUH R. KENT, J rustee
U.OAL SOTIOES.
■\TOTICE — IS HE BEBY FvlSn
J-N that there are funds in the treasury to redeem
bonds issued on- levee district No. 1 of Sutt r
County, Cal... according to an act of the Legisla-
ture approved April 9. 1880, as follows, to wit:
Bond No. 106, $500; bond No. 105, $500; bond
No. 104, $500; bond No. 103, $500: bond No. 102,
$500; bond No. 101, $500; bond No. 100, $500-
-bond No. 99, $500; bond No. 98, $500; bond No.
97, $500, and bond N0.94, $500; and that at the
expiration of thirty days from the date of this no-
tice, It said bonds are not presented for redemp-
tion, the interest . thereon will cease, from and
after which time no interest shall b.' allowed on
said bonds. 1 ' , ■ ■ -■ L. COPE,
Treasurer of Suiter County, Cal.
Dated. Yuba City, February 10, 1896.
PHYSICIANS.
D~r.XdklTuc is. pii y sic> :^"rgeon, royal
University Tt-.rin, ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
I>I : U OVJCI >— D l l. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1200
J-t Market st.; diseases of women a specialty.
HEAPEST AND REST IN AMERICA— THB
XJ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United' States or Canada one year for $1 50, post
ace free. ■ - . - .- . ;.-■-■"
~ SEWING MAOHLNES. .
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, 'EXCHANGED;
rented, repaired; lowest fates. 205 Fourth 6t.
' . X .
CITY' REAL ESTATE.
"T^DOW??roVra~RH^SIDENC^ ~~
-A. - BUSH ST., NEAR VAN NESS AYE.
y ' ? AT; A. SACRIFICE.
$18,000— A large handsome, residence of 11
rooms and bath: all conveniences: brick founda-
tion, substantially built; north side of street; lot I
50x120 to rear street: obtain permit at office to in-
spect. EASTON, ELDEIDUE & Co.,
' ■ 638 Market st. '
BUSINESS PROP 1-1
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION. /
IMPROVEMENTS NEARLY NEW.
$11.000— Store with 3-rooms in rear and two
handsome Hats of 7 and 9 rooms and bath on De-
visadero St., near Page; always rented; lot 25x100.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., .
■■'.•- 638 Market st. '
A MODERN HOME, ~~ - . ■-.:'•-
FACING Till. PARK PANHANDLE.
NW. COR. FELL AND LOTT.
$12,500— Ait elegant residence of 11 rooms and
bath; Strictly modern; complete in all details;
large double lot; cost over $17,600; unexcelled op-
portunity to secure a fine home at a sacrifice; ao-
ply at ollice for permit to inspect.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
- 638 Market st.
T.NINE FLATS. ■ ~"
F ALWAYS RENTED.
PAYS $660 PER ANNUM.
Reduced to $6000; 3 modern flats of 5, 5 and 6
rooms and bath on Noe st., 2 blocks north of Mur-
ket: only 4 years' old; lot 26x90 feet; this property
cost over $8500.
. EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
■ . . 638 Market st.
ANDSOME HOME. ~~~" !
MUST BE SOLD.
BANK ABOUT TO FORECLOSE.
$6000— Modern 2-story residence of 9 rooms, !
bath and stable on the north side of 15th st., 2
blocks north of Market: lame lot. 48x116 feet; half
of lot vacant; mortgage $4000 in Hibernia Bank
can remain.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. 638 Market st.
ONLY" $2500. ' ""
FINE INVESTMENT.
PAYS *360 PER ANNUM.
Two fiats of 4 rooms each, recently renovated
and in good condition, on Glover st.. near Jones:
the improvements are always rented to desirable
tenants. EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.-,
638 Market st.
QPECIAL BARGAINS ~ " '
VJ . IN CHOICE LOTS
FOR INVESTMENT. • FOR HOMES.
$7000 JUST TIIB PLACE FOR STORE
I VJVJVJ. and flats; an elegant corner on O'Far-
rell St., near Buchanan 90 feet front-
V s age on O'Farrell by 50; ! this is very
cheap.
Q^OOO KE - COR. CLAYTON AND HAVES;
CBOUUU. 50x106:3 ft; 1 block from the park!
CI99XA COR. DOLORES AND LIBERTY; i
V*-*— OVJ. 28x92 feet: street work all done.
(S»A _»7X SACRAMENTO ST., NR. MAPLE; |
<£)AO 4 O. 27:6x132; compare this price with
adjoining property.
<£>-! 9X A 18TH ST., f<R. NOE; 25x114: THIS !
f^Xx^OVJ . is prospective business property.
$11 OAi'l POUR CHOICE RICHMOND LOTS ]
QXX.VJK'. on 291 have.; nicely situated.
<J_l A AA' CORNER ON OCEAN ROAD, NR.
XXVJVJ. new racetrack; 50x127. v ;-.-■;
S7XA 15Tn ST., NR. CASTRO, ONLY' TWO
_ I OVJ. blocks N. of Markeß; large lot; 48 feet
frontage; exceptionally big bargain.
<fiCAA 18THAVE., NR. CLEMENT ST. AND I
«JpUv/V. Sutro cars; 25x120. '
Q ?yOO SSTH AYE., NR. POINT LOBOS; 25x
r^OVJxJ. 120: street graded and macadumized.
CS«OAA 87THAVE-, NEAR POINT LOBOS
EASTON, ELDBIDOE * CO.,
' 638 Market at.
ONE. LEFT— COTTAGES JUST COMPLETED;
309 Shotwell St., near 17lh; 5 rooms, bath, gas,
high basement; $36110. easy terms; open daily. E.
P. E. TROY", owner, 301 California st.
RANGE FOR HOME-B-JILDERS: FRUIT-
vale Terminal Tract: Special terms; $100 up.-
rpO BANK. DEPOSi'foRS— B%T 8%. 8%, 8%. I
Invest a few dollars in the Lemoore Land
nnd Fruit (.rowing Company, which pay. 8 per
cent per annum, payable 2 per cent every three
months: next dividend payable April 1, 1896;
shares $10 each, In lots of one share and more.
Room 12, fifth floir, Mills bnildlng, S. i.
(J_OQAA MIST BE SOLD; NEW 1-STORY
XiP'JOxJVJ . Tcu.se; bar and 3 living-rooms; cigar-
store and stable; let 25x120: well located; would
rent for $40: some cash, balance on easy terms.
Apply 715 Fifth aye., near Golden Gate Park. •
TOTS" IN LEMOORE. ' $40 — ONLY $10
Sj down .balance $1 a week", send for list of cash
prizes giv en to purchasers; maps free. Lemoore
Land Company, room 12, fifth flour, Mills building,
San Francisco.
SOAA CASH DOWN: $1650; SAME AS
«Tp-jUU rent: buys nearly new 6-room cottage;
half- block from Market-street cars. SPECK it
CO., 602 Market St.
VIT VALE 'TERM TRACT— LOTS
F $150 up: $5 cash, $."> pernio.; D. Pratt, Prult-
vale sta. I HEMcCAB 111 V CO.. 646 Market, S. F.
O TXOO FoR AI. X-l ~ BLOCK FROM THE
*& XOKIVJ. park; n-,. house, 6 rooms, basement
and attic; well built and finely arranged. Take
McAllister-st. car to Stanyan aud apply at Park
House.
f\(\(\ FINE CORNER; 104x100; . ON" |
ttTl"' 'VJ . Cal. and Nev. R. R. In Berkeley; $50
down, $15 monthly. -
$350-1 acre hill land; $5 monthly. '
$760 -Business lot: 50x100: $10 monthly.
$200- Lot 25x100: $5 down, $1 weekly.
CHAR A. BAILEY, 46 Market st.
BARGAIN— 2 FINE FLATS; 5 AND 6 ROOMS
and bath; stable; lot 25x137:6. 533 and 535 J
Frederick st.. nr. Stanyan. Apply on premises
from 1 to 4 p, 11.
Oil. CHEERY, HEALTHFUL LOCA-
tion. Frultvale Terminal Tract; lots $160 up.
fife 1 BUYS FIRST-CLASS IMPROVH
«IpT«J\J ments of a chicken ranch; suitable for a
fancier. Particulars L. M. FISCHER, 646 Thir-
tieth aye., San Bruno road.
<£ J XAA. WANTED ON FIRST MORTGAGE;
rip XOK/VI excellent security; 12 per cent in-
terest. 410 Kearny st., room 6.
©99X. IFTAKBN AT ONCE; LEVEL lot.
<®xjAO block S. of the park. Call at once, 9
Powell st., room 3. - " -
J*OR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOil SAN
. Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
in Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
2»L 2 Zoe st., city.
FLATS. 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BA Y-WlN-
dow, mantels.etc, built for $3200; 6-room cottage
and bath. $1500. JAS McCON A HAY'. II49 Mission
SHERIFF'S SALES.
SH BIFF*B SALE— C^ JAMEs! I>LAIN^
O tiff, vs. ROBERT E. MULLIN, defendant.
Sale— Justice's Court, docket 54, page 146— N0.
81891-Execution. 6
Under and by virtue of an execution Issued out
of the Justice's Court of the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, on the 16th
day of January, A. D. 1896, in the above entitled
action, wherein C. H. JAMES, the above-named
plaintiff, obtained a judgment and execution
against ROBERT E. MUI.LIN. defendant, on the
25th day of July, A. D. 1895, which said judgment
was recorded in the clerk's Office of said court", 1 am
commanded to sell all the right, till.- and interest
Of the above-named defendant, ROBERT E. M PL-
LIN, in and to all those certain lots, pieces or par-
cels of land situate, lying and being in the City and
County of san Francisqo, state of California, and
bounded and described as follows:
First— Commencing at a point on the south line
of Golden Gate avenue, 137 Va feet westerly from
the westerly line of Hyde street; thence westerly
along said line of Golden Gate avenue 34 feet IV 2
inches; thence at right angles southerly 137 feet
6 Inches; thence at right angles easterly 34 feet
1% inches, and thence at right angles northerly
137 feet and 6 inches to the point of commence-
ment, being a part of Hfty-vara block number 31 6.
Commencing at a point on the southeast
line of Stevenson street, 150 feet northeasterly
from the northeasterly line of Sixth street; thence
northeasterly 26 feet and 6 inches; thence at right
angles southeasterly. 70 feet; thence at right angle.-;
southwesterly 26 feet and 6 inches, and thence at
■right angles northwesterly 70 feet to the point of
beginning, being a part of 100-vara block number
3fco.
Third— Commencing at a point formed by the
Intersection of the northerly line of Fulton atreet
and the westerly line of cbster; thence wes erly
along said line of Fulton street 27 feet and « Inches-
thence at right angles northerly 80 feet; thence at
right angles easterly 27 feet and 6 inches' to said
westerly line of Fulton street: thence along "said
line of Fulton street In a 'southerly direction 80
feet to the point of beg nnjng, beiug a part of West-
ern Addition block number 302. .
Commencing at a point on the south-
erly line of Oak street. 100 feet easterly from- the
easterly line of Broderick street; thence easterly
along said line of Broderick street 25 feet; thence
alright angles somberly 137 feet and 6 Inches;
thence at right angles westerly 25 feet, and thence
at right angles northerly 137 feet and 6 inches to
the point of commencement,' being a part of West-
ern Addition block number 517.
Public notice is hereby given that on WEDNES-
DAY, the 26th day of February, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, in front of the new City
Hall, Larkin-street wing, in the City and County
of San Francisco, I will, In obedience to said exe-
cution, sell all of the rigid, title and interest of the
above-named defendant, RUBER I-,, MULLIN,
In and to the above described property, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to raise sufficient
money to satisfy said judgment, with interest and
costs, etc., to the highest and best bidder, for law-
ful money of the United States.
RICHARD I. YVHELAN, Sheriff.
San Francisco, February 4,. 1896.
L.'l L. Solomons. 508 California st., San Fran-
cisco. attorney for plaintiff.
IO EXCHANGE.
L^XCIIANGE LARGE LOTsT~ALL
J J clear, in , Moss Tract, near Frultvale and San
Leandro eleciric road, for lot in San Francisco; will
assume small mortgage. Addres 1 N., box 89, Cad
Officer no agent. . . ■■: .. y . ■■ - ;
OOD RENTING OAKLAND AND BERKE-
Iey property to exchange 1 for land or ranches.
J. H. EPSON, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
TNORSALE OR TO EXCHANGE. FOR GOOD
XJ c ear .property. In California— An interest in a
very prosperous manufacturing business near Den-
ver, Colo.; is free from debt: has valuable prop-
erty and making money steadily; the interest of-
fered pays good interest on $20,000; owner com-
pelled to change climate. For particulars call on
or address HARRY M. MORSE, 906 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal. y
COLNTKY KEAL ESTAT L.
mo farmers. ;■■ ~ :y
X If you -are not making money on your crops
Invest in the Lemoore Land, and Fruit Growing
.Company; shares only $10 each in lots of 1 share
or more; paying 8 per cent annually; next quar-
terly dividend of 2 per cent pavable'April 1, 1896.
Oillce, room 12, fifth floor, Mills building, Ban
Francisco.
Produce of. all kinds taken- in exchange for
shares. V *...-■■ ... .
SIIUKST COLONY".
At Ashurst you have an opportunity to pro-
cure a homo that will be self-sustaining, attractive
and profitable, nnd on terms hitter than have ever
before been offered. ' NVe have our own homes in
this colony and are determined to surround our-
selves with neighbors who wish at once to have
schools and churches and reading-rooms in our very
midst. We have every, facility lor a grand devel-
opment. NVe make It possible for all who are en-
terprisin.g thrifty and industrious to make with us
homes of comfort and abundance. Address -n-.y <
y - ? " - ■• ashurst colony,.
Room 10, Mills Building. S. F.
]\TEAR HAY"WARDS; 8 ACRES OF LAND
-TNI free; payment for improvements only: 10-room
house,' barn, windmill, horse, vehicles, furniture,
tools and bearing fruit trees; price $3600. For
full particulars apply to THOMAS McMAHON,
628 Market st.
"PDYVIN K. ALSIP A CO., '
Sacramento and San Francisco.
The Only Exclusive Country Real Estate Dealers
in San Francisco.
©9900 310 ACRES; LOCATED 6 MILES
>4JXj+j\f\J. from Middletown. Lake Co.; 5 acres in
orchard, 2 acres In vineyard. 6- roomed house, barn,
granary, etc.; mineral springs; plenty wood and
water; some personal property.
$700 60' ACRES; . LOCATED 5 MILES
• UU. from Orland; all fine level land: suited
for.fruits or vegetables; was planted to grain last
year.
©9900 20. ACRES; LOCATED 1 MILE
«UJ~j-jLJU. from Loomia. Placer County: small
house, stable, etc.; 7 acres in fruit, berries, etc.; all
can be Irrigated; easy terms.
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
■ 29, second floor. Mills building.
•ESTABLISHED ..16 YEARS.
X2l • N. D. SICKELS-
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions); most reliable,
largest and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America.
620 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
ORANGE i BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAT*
Beautiful young orange groves In tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
Stockton and Merced. . The Stanislaus and San j
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per- I
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property '
'either unimproved or already planted to Washing- '
ton Navels. Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese .
Bloods. The property Is under the immediate j
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist, i
who has received diplomas and medals at eight ]
. different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents. sMWttWlWa.rai'Pi
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural :
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water right
ana planted to orange trees, $17-5 per acre. ■ Unim-
proved land witn fully paid up water rights. $70 i
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable la
six annual payments, without interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and. catalogues, ad-
dress
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO., \
638 Market Street.
San Francisco. CaL
OrF. T. KNEWING, our representative,
Oakdale, CaL
*** 1 I 000 RANCH; 160 ACRES; 50 ACRES ■
• iV .1 ' '""Vl. fruit ana vines, balance under cul-
tlvatlon; 40 miles from city. L.; box 19, Call.
CIOTTAGE, 9 ROOMS AND BASEMENT, j
V 7 with 5 acres laud; house hard-finished and |
celled; waterplped; less than one-quarter mile J
from popular summer resort; fine place for road- |
side house or lovely home; "house sold with or '
without land. D. H. TNVINU, Sonoma City, Cal.;
Inquire 632 Market St., S. F.
■\TARIN COUNTY"— SOOO "ACRES 26 MILES
xxx irom San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts out any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable laud, no irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 per acre; terms made
to suit; send for i Ircular.
Improved dairy farms sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
SEND FOR OUR LIST id- HARD HOMES
0 ior sale. WOOSTER AWH lON. San Jose.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY' LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Oflice,
1106 Market st.. Dr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
IRE( prom US ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68-, Donohoe build'g, 1170 Market st.
TST A3D MORTGAGES; "iNTKUHsts i., bIS
Atatos;lowest rates;no delay .MURPHY.62B Mrkt,
ANY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
JX. your furniture, pianos; lowest rate; call and
state your proposition or write; open evenings.
J. NOONAN, 1021 Mission st.
Q^OO t'iilfi ON REAL ESTATE: LOWEST
'JiQVJ* ', UUUrates. A.SCHULLER.SOB Montgy
MU N TO LOAN ON* MORTGAGE OK COL-
l'l laterals. JAS. E. DAMON". 303 Montgomry s'.
T OANS OH REAL ESTATE: IST OR 2ND
Xa mortgages, .furniture or piauos without re-
moval In the city aud Oakland or Alameda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER. 240 Montgomery.
ORTGAGESi PROBATE LOANS, NVAK-
JAL rants. SALOMON A C 0.,328 Montgomry ,r.2l4.
AKLAND LOANS ON~R Al. ESTATE;
first mortgages secured on short notice: cur-
rent rates of Interest. HUGH M. CAMERON,
Broker, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
M< IN TO LOAN; PRIVATE. 410 ANY
St., room 6. .
DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY, ETC
Columbia Loan A Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
XX. estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
N FURNITURE OR PIANO BY" PRIVATE
party ; low Interest; strictly privait,. 216 Powell.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
-.' V WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
PAWHBBOB EKS.
A T 126 KEAR^^TTr^OOM^^^l^^
Jj\. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
________ elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
MEDICAL.
A~'~L^ F E^sTXllilf^RßEGi^Tiu r i^S~RE-
x\ stored In a few hours: safe and sure relief at
anytime; travelers helped at once; home iv con-
iineme t: French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING FROM
female troubles peculiar to their sexes: our
treatment never fails to cure a single case; beware
of frauds; come direct to Woman's Dispensary. 14
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank; consult free
DR. and MRS. DA VIES; home in confinement;
French Female Pink Pills.
A~ NENV PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU
merits or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always In one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician -.knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
1 ADIES. CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT.
XJ 216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure; diseases of the eye treated.
home, A FRIEND ANDMOTHER'S CARE;
housekeepiui; apartments; strictly private.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
ALPHA I "'FRENCH - PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; 82 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
C/.E.NiA. RHEUMATISM. ASTHMA; HAIR
XJJ grown on bald heads, and other chronic diseases
treated at 1207 Market St., rooms 2 and 3 ; German
spoken. ■__ -
M"" - KS. G. NVOOD. MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
the womb a specialty. 280 Clara St., nr. Fifth.
RS. AND DR. HERNVIG.nFRIVATE CON-
finement home; good care and attendance;
prices reasonable. 710 Ellis st. y
It, HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
;Jones- Diseases of women and children. .
KS. GOODWIN MAXES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity In one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients; best skill;
medical attendance: low lees; regulator, $2.
1370 Market. -> ,
LADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole aeents. i
A "SURE "CURE FOR ALL- -.FEMALE
./a. eases, from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GNVYER. 226 Turk st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER: PRIVATE HOME -IN
confinement; Irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation: pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY' FEMALE DISEASE
-■ see Mrs. Dr. Puetr. and be content. 254 4th,
A WEEK'S' NEYVS ■". FOR 5 CENTS — THE
- WEEKLY CALL, In w rapper, for mailing.' '
FINANCIAL.
MERCHANT WANTS 03000 FOR 1 OR 9
years at 10 percent., on $13,000 security,
$7000 insurance; Al reference; full Investigation.
Address Business, Call Branch, Sixteenth and
Mission sts. ■---•,--■-..
_r I "OANS - ON IST. AND 2D MORTGAGES AND
dU lit-, insurance policies; low rate of interest;
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery st. ;."-■..
© 1 lit fliifi TO LOAN ON LIFE INS. POLL
3T> 1 UU.UUU cles. JOS. B. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine.
BUI. DING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION.
CONTINENTAL BUILDING ANDLOAJfAa''
.' sociation— Home oflice, 222 i Sansome st., S F,
General savings <fc loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pnn.
Oliver Eld ridge V.Pr.; W Corbin, Sec.it Geo. saMJ
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
. ..OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
i£j99";a RENTS $10 PER month :~must
W^x^OVJ. be sold before March 1: 3-story build-
ing; store and rooms; cottage in rear; maiu street
in Oakland; one block .from local train. Apnlv
immediately WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 160 Eighth
St., Oakland.
'Tf* ACRES, SANTA CLARA COUNTY, AT
j —Xt Saratoga; 20 (teres fruit; house and barn;
$5750; $800 cash, balance in trade.
Lot on Grove st. and Plymouth aye., Oakland;
50x116; very cheap. C. K. KING, 90S Broadway
©1 00 CA--OI A.S'Fj PEE MONTH WILL
tip l XJ\J secure a new 5-room cottage; large lot;
close to station and electric cars: price $1800.
W. c. MORAS, Lorin. station, Berkeley.
QnflOn NEW HOUSE; 9 ROOMS AND
tii'tjxjxjxr. stable; cornerlot; 50.\ 180; southeast
corner Eighth aye. and East Twentieth St., Oak-
land. Inquire next door above. -
Crl fill LOTS AT FRUITVALE STATION;
t^)X\J\J. come to-day. LODGE A POWELL.
<&90 MONTHLY FOR~rWROOM COTTAGES;
tjpxjxj piL.a3 free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gate stain.
Sft.l P. A I-OTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
tiPXtJXJ. Frnitvale: electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week; selling fast; pood improvements,
H. B. PINNEY .owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
CMl^ ,M : :s T AN D~BEBT~IN AMERICA-THE
xj XX EEKL\ CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $150, post-
ag free.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAM DA REAL I STA jE. '
ffIOOAA sso^AßHT^i^'J^o^ii^NTirKY^
dp.-.— rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage. .
$2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
cottage.
$3000-$6O cash: $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath; handsome new cottage.
53250— 5200 cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
gant cottage on principal driveway; & rooms and
bath.
$8800—9300 cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath.
MARCUSE A .REMMEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
mfcda and 628 Market St., San Francisco.
JBERKELEX KEAL ESTATE.
©99' A SEE THIS ELEGANT IP OIK;
»JP«J — OVJ. new 6-room collage; large rooms;
handsome finish; porcelain bath: tiled sink;
choice location; street work done; terms to suit.
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin station.
\\"K OFFER A FINE LOT ON HASTE ST
>> -or $1000: one on Jlilgnrd. nerr U. C, for
$800, both with street work done; also One near
North Berkeley station, $400. O. G. MAY & CO.,
Center st., Berkeley.
"\rOU~SEE~THEY ARE BOOMING STOCK-
X ton, but any sane person prefers "Berkeley the
beautiful." Look at this: A new 9-room house,
near university, street work all done, and only
$3200. JOS. J. MASON, Dwight-way station.
SMALL ADVERTISEMENTS AND subscrip-
lions taken at Cam. Branch Office,-717 Larkin
St., 339 Hayes st. and 2518 Mission st.; open till
9:30 p.m.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
REAL ESTATE.
QANTA CLARA NTY PROPERTY
lO for sale or exchange lor city property: large,
residence, well furnished; beautiful grounds;
InTge oaks; suitable for gentleman's home, semi-
nary or summer boarding; with 160 acres or less;
stable, two cottages, outhouses, pavilion, bored
well, windmill, borse-power, tanks, farming Imple-
ments, wagons, horses, cows, piss, chickens; 30
acres fruit trees, 2, 3 and 7 years; 70 acres ln wheat
and barley. For price and fur her particulars apply
E. McOURRIE, office Lloyd Tpvls, MRU bldg. S. F
DELINQUENT SALE NOTICE.
DELINQUENT NOTICE.— HOPE MlN-
ing Company. Location of principal place- of
business, San Francisco, Cal.; location of works.
Plumas County, Cal.
Notice— are delinquent upon the following
described stock on account of assessment levied
December 28, 1895, the several amounts set oppo-
site the names ot the respective shareholders, as
follows • -y" .--• -."' .■:■■■; .
No. No.
Names. Certificates. Shares. Amount.
C.G. Dodge 2 32 $22 40
J. K. Marsh 13 '.00 140 00
Louisa M. Smith 14 300 210 00
Louisa M. Smith 15 96 67 20
NY. S. Stevens 42 112 78 40
\V. S. Stevens. 43 88 6160
S. Stevens ...44 8 5 60
Lizzie B. Aiken 52 50 35 00
Lizzie B. Aiken 54 400 280 00
Lillian C. Parker 64 296 207 20
A. M. Jeffress 69 75 52 50
Annie C. Draper. 70 75 83 50
J. H. Thomas, trustee... BB 1417 99190
And in accordance with law. so many shares of
each parcel of such stock as may be necessary will
be sold at the office of the company, rooms 1 and
2, tenth floor, Mills building, City and County of
San Francisco, California, on the 20th day of Feb-
ruary. 1896, at the hour of 2 P. U. of such day, 10
pay delinquent assessment thereon, together with
costs of advertising and expenses of the sale.
. C. H. HOLBROOK JR..
. Secretary Good Hope Mining Company.
Office, rooms 1 and 2, tentn floor. Mills building,
San Francisco. Cal. ■ „■...,...
MAKKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County ClerK's office yesterday:
J. 11. W. E. yon Krakau and C. A. Frlsch. 24—32.
O. Lochbaum and Jeannette Bergland, 21 — 18.
. Patrick Hayes and Agnes Costelio, 41—29.
John Shinkwin and Nellie A. Pyne, 30 — 26.
Jacob Hoi-ges and Mary Isenbruek. 53—58.
H. Trantvetter. and Maria A. Heilmann, 31—27.
John Jenkins and Nellie Hubert, 26—19.
W. H. Hartley and M. E. Cumminjjs, 35—35.
C. Nobmann and llanna Barrett, 59—24. .
" . DIVORCE .PROCEEDINGS.
Complaints filed: —
Charles S. Gill against Cora E. Gill.
Albert i). Hart against Minnie M. Hart.
W.E. Antonelle against Josephine L. Antonelle.
Petra Bferboa against Jesus Borboa.
Margaret Kirk against Henry Kirk.
Divorce granted : :•:.;',',
Annie Brown from R. S. Brown, for infidelity
by Judge Trout Plaintiff allowed $75 a month
alimony and $200 counsel fees.
Alimony proceedings:
Marie B. Preston vs. Walton H. Preston. De-
fendant to pay plaintiff $35 a month until further
order; by Judge Seawell. ...
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
[Birth, marriage ana death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed in at
elthor of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.]
BORN.
COIIN— In this city, February 7, 1896, to the wife
of .Herman Colin, a son.
KLARNET— February 16, 1896, to the wife of
Charles Kiarnet, a daughter.
MOELLER— In this city, February 15, 1896, to
the wife of Adolf Moeller, a daughter.
SOUZA— In this city, February 14, 1896, to the
wife of M. J. Souza, a son.
VERLINDEN— At San Bruno, January 13, 1896,
to tho wife of A. E. Verlinden, a son.
MARRIED.
CHRISTINET— SKELLY— February 16. 1896.
by the Rev. Father Quintan, Benjamin V. Chris-
tine! and Anna M. Skelly, both of San Francisco.
HA EOBSIEN— In this city, February ] 6
1596. by the Rev. J. M Buehler, Samuel W.
Harper and Modesta Bobsieu.
HARDE— PARSCH— In this city, February 11,
1896, hy the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Bernhard
HarUe and Allele I'arsch.
JOHNSON— HALLET— In this city, November
8, 1895, John H. Johnson of New York and An-
nie P. Hallet of San Francisco.
BERGLAND— In this city, Febru-
ary 17, 1896, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Otto
Lochhiium and Jeannette Bergland.
STEINMETZ-GLIDDEN-In this city, February
15, 1896, by the Rev. A. J. Wells, Frank J.
Steinmetsof Carson City and Lola F. Glldden of
Sa i Francisco. ;y, i
TRAUTVETTER-HEILMANN-In this city.
February 17. 1896, by ihe Rev. J. M. Buehler,
Henry Trautveuer and Mary Ann Heilmann.
VANDERBILT— HELMET— In this city, Febru-
ary 16, 1896. by, Ihe Rev. B. B. Spalding, Charles
B. Vanderbilt of San Rafael and Annie C. Hel-
met of Goodyears Bar. f .
Xikf.u.
Bllven, Scott Moor, Maud J.
Campbell, Edwin H. Navarro. Julius ;-..
Clarke, Rose Anna Nightingale, Margaret
Devlin, James A. O'Donnell, Julia -
Donnelly, Thomas ' Parker, Joseph M.
FroUn, John M. Quill, Mary E. C.
Grimm, Emil F. Regan, Mary i'l'.v
Hesketh. Mary T. Richards. Joseph P.
Hicky; John Robfnson, Cora L. .
I Keating, Edward H. Schwerin, Nellie E.
r McCarthy, John D. Smith, Jane
McPhee, Charles A. Wallace. Raymond E.
Matthews, Julia E. Wise, Emma C. -
BLIVEN— In the City and County Hospital,
February 17, 1896, Scott Bllven, aged 36 years.
CAMPBELL— In Oakland.. February 16. 1896. Ed-
win Hubbard Campbetl, a native of. Massa-
| chusetts, aged 44 years 10 months and 6 days. I
CLARKE— tills city, February 16. 1896, Rose
Anna, beloved wife of William Clarke, mother of
Mag ie, William J. aud Cornelius Clarke, and
'sister of Mrs. L. Walsh. Mrs. B. Kelly, Mrs. D.
Kenny and Daniel Curran, a native of County
■-'■ Armagh, Ireland, aged 66 years. .-;■;•
ttaT Friends . and . acquaintances are re^ue-^t-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence. 317 Fell street; thence to Sacred Heart
Church,, where a solemn ' requiem -mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. ' ....
DEVLIN— in this city, February 17, 1896, James
A., beloved husband of Mary Devlin, son of the
late James and Catherine Devlin, and broiherof
Mrs. M. W. Coffey and John Devlin, a native of
Philadelphia, aged 34 years. ;
•if Friends and- acquaintances ■ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
' (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, 1235 a Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's' Church, Tenth street, near Howard,
where services will be held. Interment Mount
vary Cemetery. « .'---.
DONNELLY— In this city. February 17. 1896,
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Annie Don-
nelly, and father of Peter, James and Maggie Don-
nelly, Mrs. M. Matter and the late Annie Don-
nelly, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged
60 years. » ■-.
•S" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funerui TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 531 Seventh, street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, when? a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. -
FROHN— In this city, February 16, 1.896. John
M. Frohn, a native of Prussia, Germany, aged 62
years 4 months and 19 days.
ffSTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of his daughter. Mrs. E. S. Slack, 807 V» Treat;
avenue. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GRIMM— In this city, February 16, 1896, Emfl
Francis, beloved husband of Anne Grimm, and
father of Mrs. E. J. Forbert and Fred W. Grimm,
a native of NVurtemberg, Germany, aged 63 years
10 months and 23 days.
ORDER OF HERMANN'S SONS— AD grand
officers and members of the order are respect-
fully requested to assemble In full regalia
TO-MORROW (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m.,
in Druids' Hall, 413 Butter street, to attend the
funeral of our late brother. Past Grand Secre-
tary of the order. Emll Francis Grimm. By
order Of the Grand President,
. P. N. E. LaMPE. Grand Secretary.
HESKETH— In this city. February 16. 1896, Mary
Theresa, beloved wife of Thomas Hesketh, be-
loved daughter of the late Jacob and Theresa
Bailey, and sister of Mrs. G. F. Sweeney and Ed-
ward Bailey, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years and 3 months.
SB" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DA
(Tuesday), at 1 :30 o'clock r. M., from her late resi-
dence, ISVa Dore street; thence to St. Joseph's
Church for services, iniermen: Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ,_ v ;
HICKY— In this city, February 15, 1896, John
Hicky, a native of London, England, aged 61
years.
Off Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock c. m., from the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Co., 2429
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery. All friends are invited to
attend.
KEATING— In this city. February 16, 1896. Ed-
ward 11. , beloved husband of Mary Isabelle Keat-
ing, a native of County Tlpperary, Ireland, aged
64 years, r Alleghany County (Maryland) papers
please copy. '
&s" Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the tunerai THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 8:30
o'clock a. m.. from his late, residence, 137 Four-
teenth street; thence to Mission Dolores church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul* commencing at 9 o'clock
a.m. flnierment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
MCCARTHY— In Los Banos, Merced County, Cal.,
February 16, 1896, John D. McCarthy, beloved
father of John D. McCarthy, and brother of Mrs.
Jerome Walsh and the late Joaua McCarthy,
a native of Bandoti, County Cork, Ireland, aged
60 years. . .'. • y
Car" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy A Gallagher, 20 Fifth street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MePHEE— In this city, February 17, 1 896, Charles
Alexander, beloved son Of Charles A. and Ellen
C. McPhee, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years and 12 days.
ft«"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from the resi-
dence of he parents, 714 Twenty-first street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MATTHEWS— In this city, February 17, 1896,
Julia E.. beloved wife of S. B. Matthews, and
mo. her of. James B. Matthews, a native of Guys-
boro. Nova Scotia, aged 40 years.
&s""No*lceof funeral hereafter.
MOORE— In Oakland, Maud Jane, beloved daugh-
ter of Thomas and Mary Ellen Moore, and sister
of LlZzie, John. Edith. Florence and Edward
Moore, a native of California, aged 18 years 1
month and 9 days.
•rt" Friends and acquaintances art* respect-
fully invited to attend the tllner.ll THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 O'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of her parents, 924 Thirty-sixth street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
NAVARRO— In this city, February 16, 1896,
Julius Navarro, beloved sou of Mrs. Jacinia S.
de Navarro, a native of Mexico, aged 41 years.
tfS"Friends and acquaintances are resiXiCt-
fuliy Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence. 735 Vailejo street, thence to Red
Men's Hall, 3-0 Post street, for services under
the auspices of Magnolia Lodge, A. O. U. W.
NIGHTINGALE— In this city, February 17, 1896,
Margaret, beloved wife of James Nightingale,
and mother of Elizabeth and Florence Nightin-
gale, aged 55 years. -. i <sy . : v-. .1 ~y
O'DONNELL— this City, February 16, 1896,
Julia, dearly beloved wife of Michael O'Donnell,
mother of Thomas, Nellie, Maggie and William
F. O'Donnell and Mrs. Agnes Nearv and .Mrs.
Annie Roble, sister of Mrs. Thomas O'Donnell,
and aunt of William T.. Michael and Maggie
O'Donnell and Mrs. Mary O'Connor, a native of
the parish of (ileuroe. County Limerick, Ireland,
aged 62 years. .:- .
' *3TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fuuerU THIS DAY
may), at, 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 928 Valencia street; thence to st.
James Church, corner Twenty-third and Guer-
rero streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PARKER— In Alameda, February 16. 1896,
Joseph Martyn Parker, a native of New Zealand,
aged 18 years 11 month's and 21 days.
QUILL— In East Berkeley, February 16, 1896.
Mary E. C, beloved daughter of Anthony and
the late Elizabeth Quill, a native of San Fran-
- Cisco, aged 13 years 4 months and 22 days.
IJ3TA solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a.m.. at St. Joseph's
Church, Berkeley. Friends are Invited to attend
the funeral on the arrival of the 1 o'clock p. it.
creek boat from Oakland. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
REGAN— In this city, February 16, 1896, Mary.
beloved wife of William Regan and mother of
Willie, Mamie, Catherine, Alice and Edward
Regan, and sister of John and Katie Kidney, a
native of 'Kinsale, County Cork, Ireland, aged 33
years. Hffilflß
A9*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 37 Minna street, thence to St, Pat-
rick's Church, Mission street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RICHARDS— In the City and County Hospital,
February 17, 1896, Joseph P. Richards, aged 37
year*.
ROBINSON— In this city. February 17, 1896, Cora
L.. beloved wife of John Robinson, a native of
Maine, aged 36 years.
RCy Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the par-
• lors of the California Undertaking Co., 123-Stock-
ton street, corner Geary. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. •
SCHWERIN— In this city, February 17. 1896,
Nellie Edith, beloved wife of Henry Schwerin.
mother of Harry and Lyton Schwerin. daughter
of James T. Hadley, and niece of Mrs. James
Barbour, a native of Yolo County, Cal., aged 28
years 11 months and 29 days. V V.y
Notice of funeral hereafter. ,y ',{/. ';
SMITH— In East Oakland, February 17. 1896,
Jane Smith, beloved mother of Mrs. M. L.
Schleuter, a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
•S" Friends and acquaintances are • respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral THURSDAY.
February 20, at 9:30 o'clock A. it., from herlate
residence, 1399 Thirteenth avenue, thence to St.
Anthony's : Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery.
WALLACE— In this city. February 16, 1896. Ray-
mond E., beloved son of Albert and Mary E. Wal-
lace, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 10
months and 17 days. . :
A3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of the grandparents. Mr. and Mrs. Rich-
ardson, 605 Natonia street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. :' ; .■:.-- yy
WISE— In Oakland. February 16, 1896. Emma C.
wife of C. H. Wise, a native of . California, aged
'39 years ana 16 days. - - -
Iff Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. jr.. from her late resi-
dence. 826 Madison street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. ■■-.>- '-. y
_ ■— I M— — «W— WM— | | I IHI
I . UNITED UNDERTAKERS' I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
—■!<.■■ —— t^wj—WiHwim ■—^— — —^^
"" WICAVOY& CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKRS,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
»*— . I 1 I »
Tab. McMen-omkt. 1 ' Okas. McMksomey.'
•JAMES McMEN'OMET A SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMRALMERS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CARRY
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS, 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market st., San Fraacisco
Telephone fco. 156.
CYPRESS LAWS CEMETERY,
IN BAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIAIfi
laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care; bean*
Ufnl, permanent and easy of access; see It beiorm
tMB/tuf a burial place elsewhere."
City office, 9 City Hall Arson*
1516
NO CHANGE IN
WATER RATES
Supervisors Re-enact the
Ordinance of the
Past Year.
SCHUSSLER EXPLAINS.
West of Castro-Street Property-
Owners Demand Better
Service.
MAJOR M'KINNE'S CHARGES.
Why Pipes Were Not Laid on the Cor
bett Road— Supervisor Hobh's
Lonely "No."
ln a quiet, unassuming way, that showed
that it was thoroughly familiar with the |
subject with which it was dealing, the
Board of Supervisors listened last evening
to a half-hour talk from Herman Schuss
ler, the engineer of the Spring Valley
"Water' Company, and then fixed water
rates for the ensuing year.
When the matter of rates came up at the
meeting of the 10th inst., a resolution was
introduced setting last evening as the time
for meeting as a committee of the whole to
consider the question. Consequently when
the board adjourned yesterday afternoon
to meet at 7:30 o'clock, a number of the
Supervisors supposed it was to be simply a
committee meeting. The nature of the ad
journment, however, made it a special
meeting of the board, with power to fix
rates. Those present were: Supervisors
Dunker, Hobbs, Wagner, Hirsch, Scully,
King, Benjamin, Hughes and Morgen
stern.
Immediately after being called to order'
and ■ electing Supervisor Benjamin as [
chairman, the board Went into committee
of the whole and requested those who had
anything to say on the matter of rates to
address the committee.
Mr. Schussler availed himself of the in- j
vitation and asked the committee not to '
disturb present existing rates. He said
that the company had been under vast
expense during the past year in increasing
its facilities for supplying water to the resi
dents of San Francisco and would be in
the same position during the twelve
months to come. Under the circumstances
he believed that it would be an injustice
to the company to disturb the present
rates.
The attorney for the corporation and
several other employes were present with
Mr. Schussler, and whenever the latter fell
short of material to convince the board of
the needs of the company they coached
him with figures and statements.
Referring to the communication of the
Grand Jury to the board relative to the
water rates charged shipping, Mr. Shuss
ler said that if any discrimination had
been practiced be did not know of it, and
that he thought ships were not charged
high rates when the difficulties under which
they were served were taken into consider
ation. He said that tne company was
willing to meet the board more than half
way in adjusting the matter to the satis
faction of all concerned.
Major Barna McKinne, the only one
present aside from Supervisors, Spring
Valley representatives and reporters, and
who said that he represented the West of
Castro-street Improvement Club and 10,
--000 other people, then addressed the meet
ing. Major McKinne said that the people
he represented had been paying water
rates for years and not receiving a supply
half the time.
"During the summer months," he said,
"these people are without water from 8
a. M. to 8 v. m. and at the mercy of a fire
that might start at any time and sweep
away their homes. The same condition
of affairs exists during a part of the
winter, and we think it is time the matter
was remedied.
"The company has been promising and
promising to arrange its system so that we '
can be protected until we have become '<
tired. We want water, and we want this |
board to delay fixing rates until the com- I
pany will agree to do the necessary work ;
at once. It makes no difference to the
company whether we get water or not, ■
they charge us just the same, and it is an |
outrage.
"Last-year when water rates were fixed
the board agreed to see that the company j
did what was right by us, but we are still I
waiting for the fulfillment of that promise. •
We ask you to insist that our district be j
protected from fire, if nothing more, be- j
fore you give the company what it asks." i
In answer to Major McKinne, Mr. '
Schussler stated that all preparations had i
been made to lay adequate mains in the !
district under discussion, but after the big I
fire south of Market street Chief Sullivan j
of the Fire Department had demanded a \
better system in that portion of the City, j
and the pipes that had been intended for
the Corbett road had been used and more
ordered from the East, where all are pur- 1
chased.
"That kind of talk is all rieht," said j
Major McKinne, "but we want water and
not promises. We want the board to take j
a decided stand in tliiß matter."
Then Mr. Schussler said that the com- I
pany would have water piped into the dis- |
trict west of Castro street within three j
months.
Without any further discussion the
board rose as a committee and went into
regular session. Chairman Morganstern
of the committee rendering a report rec
ommending that the rate be fixed at the
same figures as during the past year. The
same Supervisor then offered a resolution
that the board fix rates at the old figure
in fact re-enact the old ordinance. With
the exception of Supervisor Hobbs those
_^__ NEW TO-DAT.
Beauty Found
and in
Purity i Cuticura
Sold throughout tho world. British drpot: W. N iw>
Seby ari> Sons !. Kine Edward-iC. London. l'oxr«*
ammß ft Ciux. Coar., Sole ftopi., JSoiton, U. 8. A.
present voted in the affirmative on the
proposition.
The communication of the Grand Jury
was referred to the Water Committee.
ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS.
The Testimonial Concert by Miss Daisy
Belle Sharp at the Y. M. C. A.
Hall.
A splendid testimonial concert was given
by Miss Daisy Belle Sharpe last evening in
the Young Men's Christian Association
building. She was assisted by the Treble
Clef quartet, composed of Miss Beatrice
Priest-Fine, Mrs. A. A. Dewing, Miss
Jeannette Wilcox, Mrs. .J. E. Berming
ham and Mrs. W. J. Batchelder: also by
the Reliance Glee Club, composed of
Harry H. Haight, Robert Chestnut, John
A. Britton, Charles W. Crest, Everett S.
Dowdle, Harry W. Thomas, - Herbert D.
Gaskill, M. W.Jellett and Harry P. Carl-
ton. Miss Mabel Love and R. F. Tilton
also lent their assistance. The concert
was under the direction of Frank Coffin.
The first benefit concert by the Satur
day Morning Orchestra, held in Metro- j
politan Temple last evening under the
direction of Professor Alfred Roncovieri, j
was a most entertaining musical event.
The orchestra was assisted by the gentle
men of the Philharmonic Society, Miss I
Caroline H. Little and P. H. Henley. The |
auditorium, of the temple was well filled,
and the handsome effect of the young
ladies on the platform with their instru- .
ments was no less entertaining than the •
music they made. ■ y '
HOW THE HALL WILL LOOK TO-NIGHT AT THE READING OF THE ROYAL EDICT.
[Drawn by a " CaU " artist.] %
THE RIGHTS OF PLEDGEES
The Supreme Court Invited to
Definitely Define Their
Prerogative.
Argument of a Suit Brought by Rudolph
Spreekels Against the Ne
vada Bank.
A case of particular interest to bankers
and those pledging stock and bonds as se
curity was argued before the Supreme
Court yesterday.
Nominally it was a suit originally
brought by Rudolph Spreekels against the
Nevada Bank, but the points at issue are
gensral in their application to pledges of
stock and the extent to which the bank as
pledgee may go in handling the pledge in
; its possession.
On June 1, 1894, Claus Spreekels sold to
his son. C. A. Spreekels, certain property
for which C. A. Spreekels promised to pay
$351,750 on January 4, 1895, and an addition
al $351,750 on January 4, 1890, with interest.
As security for the total amount of over
$800, 000 C. A. Spreekels deposited with his
father certificates of stock in various cor
porations. As additional security for C.
A. Spreckel's'note Rudolph Spreekels de
posited certificates for 5000 shares of the
Paauhau Plantation Company, sugar
growers of the Hawaiian. Islands.
This Paauhau plantation stock, which it
seems is worth about $500,000, was trans
ferred by Claus Spreekels to the Nevada
Bank. Rudolph Spreekels thereupon
brought the present suit against the Ne
vada Bank, claiming that the 5000 shares
really belonged to him and had only been
loaned to his brother to make up the
amount of the pledge, and upon special
and verbal agreement that it was not to be
transferred upon the books of the com nan y.
He accordingly had an injunction served
on the Nevada Bank to restrain it from
sending the stock out of the State to be
transferred upon the company's books in
Honolulu.
The case came up in the Superior Court
some months ago. Delmas A; Shortridge
appeared for the bank, and E. P. Cole for
Rudolph Spreekels. The injunction was
dissolved. • •
Rudolph Spreekels appealed to the Su
preme Court and yesterday E. P. Cole and
D. M. Delmas argued the case upon
appeal.
Mr. Cole said that the stock is worth
$500,000. The issuance of an injunction,
he maintained, is a matter largely of dis
cretion with the court. Deprived of the
privilege of enjoining the bank, Rudolph
Spreekels would not have the right to vote
his own stock and the pledeee would get
the dividends from the stock.: Conclud
ing his argument, he asserted that the
bank has never said it would not vote the
stock.
•D. M. Delmas, speaking for the Nevada
Bank, laid particular stress upon the point
that in the absence of an agreement to the
contrary the pledge of stock standing in
Rudolph Spreekels' name conferred upon
the bank the' right to have the stock trans
ferred into the name of the bank upon the
books of the bank. • He claimed that the
pledgee has the right to do as he pleases
with pledged stock and cannot be en
joined, but must only be ready to restore
the stock when .the pledgor desires to re
deem it.
He said that, according to the code and
the decisions of. the Supreme Court.no
transfer of stock is valid as to third parties
unless it be entered upon the books of tbe
corporation, and that as long as the stock
remains in the name of the pledgor it is
subject to attachment and execution .at
at the suit of his judgment creditors. The
pledgee's only safe protection, therefore,
against imposition is to have the stock in
his name.
Green has never been universally con
sidered as a lucky color. It is sacred in
Mohammedan countries as the color of the
Prophet, and is the national color of Ire
land.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1896.
EVE OF THE CARNIVAL.
Extensive Preparations Being
Made for the Brilliant
Event.
A SCENE OF RAREST BEAUTY.
Some Salient Features of the Gorgeous
and Artistic Decorative
Display.
Judging from the preparations thus far
visible the carnival ball at the head
quarters of the Art Association to-night
will be a brilliant social event.
Hurrying to and fro through the lofty
halls and spacious apartments of the old
Hopkins mansion several score of artists,'
decorators and workmen are putting the
finishing touches to what promises to be a
most enchanting interior. The fine inlaid
floors are covered with dingy sheets of
canvas, littered over with bits of gauze
and tinsel, electric-light globes and butter
flies of gold and silver tissue. In one
corner of the library a confused heap of
box, myrtle, acacia and laurel festoons lies
awaiting the hands whioh will to-day
stretch the ropes of green from pillar to
cornice and from vaulted roof to flower
decked wall.
Above the organ to the west of the great
hall a marble bust of St. Cecilia, framed
in a dazzling aureole of silver, looks down
upon a mountain of captive balloons
.which are to float above the clusters of
incandescent lights.
Yesterday afternoon one of these
same balloons gave an exhibition of the
perverse and restive spirit for which its
kind is famous. Detaching itself from the
immense bunch of. which it had formed a
part this unruly globe of scarlet rubber
tissue soared gayly upward to a more con
genial habitat amid the carved rafters of
the roof, whence it was brought down to
earth again, with much ado and no small
risk of life and limb by one of the
workmen.
The great hall will be a charming sight.
! From the galleries and between the arches
; of the colonnade which surrounds the
! magnificent apartment hang priceless
I Oriental draperies of gorgeous though
j harmonious hues and of fabulous price.
i The arches themselves are outlined in
■ tiny incandescent lights, and will be
j twined with feathery garlands of smilax
land myrtle. From the center of the
domed roof will be noticed a colossal lan
i tern of crimson tissue with a framework
of gilded metal and hanging from it a huge
golden basket overflowing 'with Marechal
Niel roses held in place by graceful bows
! of cardinal red and surah silk.
Along the walls of the. hall, separated
1 by shields of ereen outlined in glittering
| butterflies of silver and cardinal gauze
: with bodies formed of incandescent
'■ globes, are four large bas-reiiefs in plaster
composition, representing music, paint
. ing. poetry and the drama. The work on
these reliefs is exceedingly artistic, the
prevailing tint being a very pale nile
green touched here and there with silver
leaf. Ihe space occupied by the relief
"Music" was much admired by a number
: of art critics yesterday, all praising highly
the realistic grouping of the instrument's
' aud scrolls which form the center of the
: design. }"■-;
The guestroom, with one or two apart
! ments adjoining, has been set apart for
; the use of the ladies as a place in which to
■ put the finishing touches to their toilets,
I while one of the north parlors will be
j used by the gentlemen as a smoking
! room. The apartments once occupied by
j Mrs. Hopkins will be a general rendezvous
; and "wall-flower", headquarters, the
[ dancers taking possession of the remain
; ing portions of the first and second floors.
The scene to-night, promises to be bril
-1 liant, in the extreme. The King of the
j Carnival, Amedee Joullin, in a sixteenth
! century costume of black velvet and satin,
I trimmed with gold braid, will take his
j stand on the crimson draped throne, while
; about him will be grouped his attendants,
i all more or less richly and uniquely at
j tired. The ladies are somewhat reticent
! regarding their costumes, but the gentle
l men made no demurrer when questioned
j as to what they were going to wear.
George Bromley, the court poet, is to
| read a poem, and to be a sort of poem in
color himself, since his costume will be a
; rather audacious combination of shrimp
! pink satin and wine-colored velvet. Alfred
j Bouvier, the lord chamberlain, will read
j the royal proclamation, his special type of
i manly beauty being admirably set off by a
j flowing robe of cardinal broadcloth faced
! with ermine. The other members of the
: royal retinue will be arrayed in costumes
j as rich in material as artistic in design.
j •There were many tickets for the Mardi
j Gras issued yesterday. The chairs for the
spectators, who are not required to march,
are all in place. There will be a costumer
on hand with masks and dominoes, and
also a dresser for those'; who will need
making up. Ladies who go upon the floor
must all wear masks. The invitation com
mittee will be on hand /ill- day to issue
i tickets for applicants. .-'-..'
| It has been decided to close all doors to
the building, except the Mason-street en
trance, and to erect *an awning from the
carriage door to the street, as : it is feared
j some; accident might happen in driving
I around the house, on account of the steep
ness of the grade. •
Prince \ Louis : of Savoy and : - Chevalier
Alessandro Bertolini, captain royal Italian
navy, will attend the Mardi Gras ball this
evening and wear their official uniforms.
ROMAN'S FEDERATION.
Mrs. French Slakes Some Startling
Statements About. People Who Are
Pillars of the Church.
The meeting of the Federation of Women
yesterday was chiefly occupied with re
ports of committees, most of them show
ing progress in the different lines of work
which the federation has planned for it
self. Mrs. Nellie Blessing Eyster pleaded
that a special effort be made to close Mbr
ton street, and some of the ladies were in
favor of extending the crusade to other
undesirable thoroughfares in the locality.
Mrs. Rose French stated that there exist
great obstacles to the enforcing of ordi
nances in the Morton-street part of town.
"Do you know, ladies, to whom this
property chiefly belongs?" asked Mrs.
French. Some of the ladies intimated
that they did, others asked for informa
tion. "Some of" these houses belong to
captains of police," said Mrs. French,
"others are owned by members of the
Board of Supervisors, and others again by
eminent church ' members, who are
looked upon as pillars of the church.
hen you realize who owns this property
you can readily understand what we have
to fight against, when we try to close
Morton street and kindred localities."
Mrs. Payne reported that the merry-go
rounds in various parts of the town have a
demoralizing influence on the boys and
girls who frequent them. "They are not
sufficiently lighted," she said, "and after
dark the boys and girls have been seen
drinking beer there." Mrs. French said
she was glad attention had been called to
what she considered had a bad effect on
children.
As the federation is in need of fnnds
to carry on its work, Mrs. Susie Baker,
formerly a teacher in the public schools.in
this City, was appointed a canvasser to se
cure subscriptions.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS
Names to Be Selected by the Board of
Commissioners To-Morrow,
The Election Commissioners met yester
day and decided to begin on Wednesday
next the selection of names of those who
will serve as officers during the coming
election. l""y .
The board debated some time as to
whether it should address the Supreme
Court on the importance of deciding
whether or not the primary election law is
constitutions!, but took the advice of City
and County Attorney Creswell, who said
that it was unnecessary, as the Supreme
Court is fully aware of the grave nature of
the matter. Mr. Creswell gave it as his
opinion that the law would not be sus
tained, but a motion to begin proceedings
under its provisions was carried.
Registrar Hinton stated that he had pre
pared a list of names from which to choose
election officers, but confessed that he did
not know the political complexions of his
men. It was decided to gain the necessary
information without the assistance of
district leaders, and without even seeing a
majority of the men.
• ♦ — *
j WATCHING RESTAURANTS.
; Eating Houses Ordered Cleaned by
..;.:- Market Inspector Ben Davit.
Market Inspector Ben Davis of the Board
i of Health made another tour among the
i cheap downtown restaurants yesterday
and made- a number of discoveries that
1 led him to warn the proprietors that un
less their establishments are at once
j cleaned up and kept clean reports to the
i board and condemnation by that body
i would ensue.
In one place the sanitary conditions
: were so bad that he ordered an immediate
| cleaning and a suspension of business
; until the work was accomplished. Some
I of the places visited, notably a number on ,
i Pine street, were models of cleanliness.
A Workman's Eye.
A stranger in the city stood in front of
a Columbus-avenue apartment-house in
process of construction, apparently inter
ested in what he saw, and picked up a
brick, which he turned over in his hand
once or twice. k
"I will give you a job if you want it."
said the foreman, who had observed the
stranger.
"What kind of a job?" asked the other,
as he shook the brick dust from his gloves.
"Laying brick, of course," was the an
swer. "I know from the' ivay you picked
up that brick that you are a brickmason,
and we are short-handed, with the cold
weather on us." • .?: : ' <> :
t ''Thank you," answered the stranger.
'Once I would have jumped at your offer,
for thirty-five years ago I wandered these
streets looking for such a job and couldn't
find it, though I needed it as much as any
poor fellow in the city. I took Greelev's
advice and went West, where I have laid
tens of thousands of bricks, and employed
men to lay millions for me.' Now I don
need the work, but am pleased that you
recognized in me a member of the craft."
The stranger was William McManus,
one of the largest contractors in St. Louis.
—New York Herald.
The salary of Poet Laurate Austin is
£75, or about $350. We don't know whether
the "bnd gray poet" draws it by the week
or month, but the stim is fabulous :in his
case, when one considers that for "The
Raven" Poe received only $10.
Acknowledged , by All.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.'S
Teas, Coffees and Spices - ;
Best and Cheapest. 'Try Them.
Pretty presents given away free. .
62 Market st., S. F. Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
THE PALACE GRILLROOM.
An Innovation Imitated Ex
tensively Throughout
the City.
OTHER CHANGES NECESSARY.
Gradual Increase of Dining Capacity
Since the Advent of This
Service.
■••
"He has carried every point who has
mingled the beautiful and useful with the
agreeable," said a frequenter of the Palace
last evening as he entered the grillroom
for the first time since the place has been
enlarged and improved. "People who have
been given to pooh-poohing San Francisco
as an artistic city should see the Palace
Grill," he added.
It is true this department, as enlarged,
his many pleasing features. What was
until recently the billiard parlors has been
turned into one large grillroom, which,
with the old apartment connected by an
arched doorway, affords guests more than
double the former accommodations. The
comfort of patrons has been the one
thought in making all these changes.
The costliest materials, the handsomest
woods, etc., have been collected to render
the interior as beautiful as the art of man
can make it. The ceiling, thirty-live feet
high, is studded with incandescent electric
lights, while in addition there are combi
nation lighting fixtures of ornate design.
The rich oak paneling, the' artistic mural
work and the decorations have turned the
walls and ceilings into lively companions,
which in combination with the tables and
chairs of old English oak of special pat
tern and sparkling silverware give a very
charming effect..
Grillroom service in San Francisco dates
from the advent of the present manage
ment of the Palace Hotel-four years ago.
A small apartment on the Market-street
front adjoining the barroom was first
utilized. Soon, however, this proved in
adequate to the patronage^ accorded and
tables were set in the barroom and two
reception-rooms to the east of the billiard
parlors. When these facilities no longer
accommodated guests tables were ranged
in the inner portion of the grillroom en
trance. It was only a short time, however,
until this space was often very much
overcrowded.
To provide ample accommodation re
quired the outlay of considerable money
and caused no little annoyance to the
regular habitues, but no other recent
change has done local pride solider service
than this improvement.
Another evidence of the popularity of
the grill service of the Palace is the whole
sale imitation that is practiced in every re
sort of any consequence. While this has
become so general that in the popular
opinion it is absolutely essential that the
restaurant, hotel and roadhouse have a
grill to be reckoned of note, the Palace
service has maintained a reputation as the
leader so superior as to leave no reason
for comparison.
A POWERFUL PROPELLER
One With Two Blades Recently
Invented That Will Hold
Water.
The Spreekels Tug Reliance to Be
Provided With the Apparatus, That
Promises Power and Speed
Anew propeller that is destined to in
crease the power of steam vessels using
THE HALL SLOAN PROPELLER.
this meams of . propulsion has recently
been . invented by two machinists— Hall
and Sloane— and one on a large scale is
being manufactured by White & De Rome
of this City, manufacturers in brass. It is
built on the lines of the original propeller
with two ; blades, and it presents the sec
tion of an auger. When the original pro
peller was first put into use it was discov
ered that in churning the two blades did
not hold the water, consequently there
was a loss of power. Subsequently the
number of blades '. was increased to four
and there was a corresponding increase of
power. • ""'
Messrs. Hall and Sloane conceived the
idea of having a flange on the rim of a
two-blade propeller, believing that in that
lay the secret of obtaining the desired
power. They went to a number of firms
with their idea and model, ' but : were
unable to find any until they met the
members of the firm named that would or
could cast just what they wanted. They
finally had a small one made, which was
affixed to a small tug in San Diego har
bor, and various .tests were made. These
demonstrated the efficiency of the new ap
paratus as to power and speed and it proved
such a success that when the attention of
Mr. Spreekels was drawn to it he, after a
careful examination, ordered White & De
-■■■■-/
Rome to build one for the tug Reliance.
This will be 6 feet 6 inches in length, 6 feet
6 inches in diameter, with a 5-inch flange
and 13-foot pitch, the depth of the flange
being half that of the pitch. Its weight
will be 3000 pounds and it will be cast of
gun-metal, United States standard. It will
be the largest of the kind in the world.
The illustration gives a clear idea of the
lines on which the propeller is built.
Some years ago the Reliance and the
Alert, another tug, engaged in a tug-of-war
contest to determine which of the two ves
sels was the most powerful in towing. The
tugs were fast to one another, stern to
stern, by hawsers, and each pulled in op
posite directions. The Alert won.
When the new propeller is put in the
Reliance she will have another tug
with the Alert, by means of which test its
power will be demonstrated.
Kept the Ten Dollars.
* G. Kittleson, 1173 Howard street, gave John
Hurley, a friend, $10 on Saturday to place on
Hy Dy at the Ingleside racetrack. Hurley
failed to make a return of the money and yes
terday Kittleson swore out a warrant for'his
arrest on the charge of misdemeanor, em
bezzlement. He was arrested by Policeman
Ryan and booked at the City Prison.
THE MOVEMENT INDORSED
Labor Unions Pleased With
the Convention's First
Efforts.
Anxious to Enter Politics Painters
to Hold a Conference With
the Bosses.
The late convention of labor-union men
was the principal subject for discussion
among the members of the local labor
organizations last evening. The deter
mination of the leaders in the convention
to secure the rights of . the laboring classes
by entering into politics and electing men
to high positions who will stand for the
rights of the wageworkers has struck home,
and the action of the leaders is indorsed.
There is a general belief the unions that
were not represented in the convention
will soon affiliate with that body and thus
make the entire working element as one
body, one for all and all for one.
There is one class of laboring men who
have come boldly to the front and de
clared to a man in favor of the movement.
The building trades members are very en
thusiastic in this matter, and were so be
fore the first meeting was held on Friday
evening. When the call for the conven
tion was issued by the Trades Council the
, unions in the building trades were the
first to appoint delegates, and every dele
gate was instructed to throw all his influ
ence for progress, and not to let jealousy
figure or personal feeling stand in the way
of advancing the cause of labor. How well
the instructions were observed may be
judged by the preliminary work of the
convention and the enthusiasm with
which the reports of the delegates were re
ceived by the unions that met last evening.
In the Carpenters' and Joiners' Union
No. 483 the report was received with ap
plause. It was the same in No. 304. R. F.
Maclvor's report to the Painters' and Dec
orators' Union met with cheers. All of
these realize that with the building trades'
membership of over 4000 workingmen and
the other trades with thousands of en
rolled men equally in earnest the pros
pects of the laboring classes regaining
some of their rights are assured. The
work of the next convention will be
watched with a keen interest.
At the meeting of the Painters and
Decorators last evening twenty-seven new
names were added to the role. The paint
ers are confident that their demands, as
published in an open letter to the bosses,
in The Call recently, will be complied
with. The demands, briefly stated, are for
a complete change in their working sys
tem, to take place on March 1. This will
consist of making $3 for painters and $4
for decorators the minimum wages for a
day's pay. Eight hours shall constitute a
day's work, and last the building trades'
working-card system shall be observed and
enforced. Word was received last evening
that the master painters had decided to
hold a conference with representatives of
the Painters' Union upon this subject.
The new labor bureau established by
Carpenters' anO Joiners' Union No. 304 is
proving a success. The bureau is at 1153
Mission street and all the members of the
union out of . employment register at the
bureau. The registration has not been as
heavy as was expected and work has been
found for a number of men. This is due
to the fact that all opportunities for ob
taining employment are immediately re
ported at tne bureau dv those fortunate
enough to have work. y"jy .
J. F. Valentine, the first vice-president
of the International Ironmolders' Union,
has returned to the headquarters in Cin
cinnati. During his annual vacation he
visited the Pacific Coast and made an in
spection of all the unions from Victoria to
San Diego.
The Barbers' Association at its meeting
last- night; elected, in addition to I. Less,
W. F. Jansen and F. Hodges as delegates
to the new labor convention held last
week. Seven new members were initiated.
The association will give a social at 102
O'Farrell street 'on April 2. Messrs.
Krupschiid ; and i Cook were elected trus
tees. It was decided to arrest all barbers
who keep open on Washington's birthday
after 12 o'clock noon.
HELD THE TOP HAND
Samuel M. Shortridge Defeats
the Board of Super
.'>■;.■ visors.
IN THE POKER ORDINANCE
His Demurrer to the Order's Consti.
tutionality Is Sustained by
Judge Low.
Police Judge Charles Low, in a learned
opinion, has sustained the demurrer
interposed by Attorney Samual M.
Shortridge* last Saturday in behalf
of George Meyers, who was arrested last
week for indulging in a game of poker.
The dismissal of this case carries with it
the discharge of thirty-three men who
were arrested at the same time as was
George Meyers and in the same place.
Prosecuting Attorney William Madison
represented the people, but failed to enter
an argument against the authorities pre
sented by Attorney Shortridge showing
that the ordinance framed by the Board of
Supervisors was unconstitutional, inso
much that it conflicted with the State law
by imposing a penalty in excess of that
contemplated by the Legislature for viola
tions of the law against gambling.
Judge Low's decision is clear and con
cise, and incidentally gives his opinion as
to the right of a magistrate to shift over to
another court the responsibility of passing
judgment in certain cases. It reads as fol
lows :
The defendant herein was arrested and is
charged with violating an ordinance of the
Board of Supervisors of this City and County,
entitled order No. 2954, amending order No.
1587. and commonly known as the poker ordi
nance.
Defendant's counsel interposes a demurrer
to the complaint, the chief ground of which is
that the ordinance is void because it is not in
harmony with section 330 of the Penal Code
regulating kindred and more serious offenses
respecting gambling, which can only be pun
ished by -'a fine not less than $100 nor more
than $300, or by imprisonment in the County
Jail not exceeding six months, or by both such
fine and imprisonment."
In disposing of the demurrer I shall confine
myself to this point alone, as in my judgment
it is the most serious objection and decisive of
the validity of the ordinance. It has been sug
gested to the court by those interesting them
selves in the good government of the City and
the suppression of vice in all its varied forms
that it would be more satisfactory to the com
munity to have this ordinance upheld by the
Police Court, and that if it Is vice for tho rea
sons stated it should be left to a higher court
to so declare it. That would bo the easiest
course for me to take, and perhaps more
politic. But I take it that whenever a
Judge has taken an oath to perform
the duties of his office, than which there are
none higher among men, it is his solemn duty
to perform that duty himself to the best ol his
ability and not leave some other court or Judge
to perform it for h. n. And while I snail al
ways be found read> and anxious to uphold
the laws, whether statutory or municipal, and
anxious to do all in my power to enforce those
laws and regulations, without which there can
be no safety for life and property, or comfort
and pleasure for the citizens of a large city
like this, 1 shall not on the other hand under
take to enforce any law or ordinance that the
highest tribunal in this State has declared to
be void, or one which I am satisfied is open to
the same objection as those passed upon by
this tribunal. To do otherwise would be un
just to the defendant and reflect discreditably
upon my own intelligence and honesty.
It is unquestionably within the power of the
City to enact ordinances for the good govern
ment of the place, not contravening the laws
of the State; but such laws must be in har
mony with the State laws. The ordinance in
question is not only an attempt to regulate the
conducting of a certain business, to wit, the
saloon business, which calling or pursuit
comes properly within the police regulations
of a city, in order that it may be conducted in
a proper and circumspect manner, but it also
undertakes to make that a crime which
until now has not been made a crime in this
State, namely, the playing of the game of
cards Known as the game of poker. It was per
haps intended only-- to punish those who play
the game for money in saloons and public
places; but the ordinance does not so state.
If the ordinance is valid one could be fined
$1000 for playing tne game without gambling.
That would hardly be held reasonable, con
sidering the prohibited gambling games, such
as faro, roulette, tan, etc., are punishable' by
fine of not less than $500. In the case of ex
parte Ah You, our Supreme Court says: "Mu
nicipal ordinances must be reasonable, and the
penalties prescribed for their violation must
also be reasonable as well as definite. The
maximum limit of the fine or imprisonment
must, however, be reasonable. " It then
point out the unreasonableness of the ordi
nance which fixes the maximum punishment
for visiting a house of ill fame at $1000, or
six months in the County Jail, while by the
provisions of section 047 of the Penal Code one
who lives in or about such a house is punished
only by imprisonment in the County Jail not
exceeding ninety days; and the person who
keeps the house of ill fame is punishable by a
fine limited to $500, or imprisonment not ex
ceeding six months, or both.
It was suggested to me by Mr. Damron. who
appeared amicus curia, that the Judge in
this case could impose a penalty, in the event
defendant should be found guilty, which
would be consistent with the State law on the
subject of gambling. In answer I quote the
language of Justice Harrison in the Ah You
case: "This power to determine the penalties
which shall be Incurred for the breach of its
regulations has been conferred upon the City,
and must be exercised by its Board of Super
visors, and not left to the discretion of the
Judge before whom the offense is tried." The
Board of Supervisors must itself fix, within
limits which are reasonable, the penalty to be
Incurred for the violation of each offense."
This same view was expressed by the court in
ex parte Solomon, where the ordinance pro
vided for a fine of not less than $250 nor more
than $1000, or imprisonment not less than
three months nor more tnan six months, or
both such fine and imprisonment, for simply
having in one's possession a lottery ticket;
while by sections 320 and 320 of the Penal
Code the graver offenses of conducting the
drawing of a lottery, selling lottery tickets
and kindred offenses were punished by a fine
not exceeding $500, or by imprisonment not
exceeding six months, or by both such fine
and imprisonment.
Justice de Haven, who wrote the opinion in
that case, which was concurred in by all the
other Justices, says: "Such an ordinance is not
in harmony with the general laws of the
State, and is unreasonable, and void within
the rule announced in ex parte Ah You." I
Counsel did not call this court's attention to
section 330 of the Penal Code, which makes it ■
a misdemeanor punishable by fine not exceed
ing $500 or imprisonment not exceeding six
months, or both, for every owner, lessee or
keeper of any house used in whole or in part as
a saloon or" drinking place knowingly to per*
mit any person under 21 years "of age
to play at any game ol chance therein. The
ordinance in the case at bar Axes the fine for
this offense at double that amount. Under the
rule as laid down Ly the Supreme Court in the :
Ah You case this ordinance is, in my opinion,;
void, igm&m*
I therefore sustain the demurrer in this case >
and dismiss the same for the reasons stated.
I . Presidential Coincidences.
John Adams was eight years older than
his successor, Thomas Jefferson; he eight
years older than James Madison; he eight
v ears older than James Monroe, and he
eight years older than John Q. Adams. -
George "Washington ended his term as
President in his sixty-fifth year, and so,
too, did John Adams, Thomas Jefferson,
James Madison and James Monroe.
Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died
on the same day, July 4, 1826, exactly fifty
years after the signing of the Declaration
of Independence. One other President
James Monroe— died on July 4. His death
occurred in 1831.
Every President, it is said, with the sin
gle exception of William H. Harrison, has
had blue eyes.— St. Louis Republic.
Star Chamber Furniture.
Some of the original oak furniture and
paneling of the famous Star Chamber,
which was abolished in 1641, came under
the hammer in London recently. It in
cluded the whole of the oak paneling of
the notorious chamber, together with
several very fine oak cabinets and antique
chairs, all of which are in an excellent
state of preservation.