VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 149.
MOWED DOWN
BY MAXIM GUNS.
Many Natives Slain in the
Engagement Before
Buluwayo.
ENTRAPPED BY A RUSE.
Matabeles Lured On to Death by
a Seeming Retreat of the
British.
WHITES LOSE BUT THREE MEN.
Gain Possession of the Surrounding
Hills and Then Retire to
the Stronghold.
LONDON, Eng.. April 26.— The Colonial
Office has received a dispatch from Sir
Hercules Robinson, Governor of Cape Col
ony and British High Commissioner in
South Africa, confirming the United Press
report of the defeat of the Matabeles on
the Umgaza River by a British force from
Buluwayo.
Governor Robinson forwarded a dis
patch dated Buluwayo yesterday stating
that a sharp engagement had occurred on
the Umgaza River, four miles north of
Buluwayo. The rebels attacked the Brit
ish in force and both wings were thrown
forward for an enveloping movement. The
British advance parties retired with a
view to inducing the Matabeles to cross
the river. The rebels believed that the
British were retreating and attempted to
follow them.
When they were within 300 yards of the
right wing of the British, fire was opened
upon them with Maxim guns and at the
same time the right flank advanced unon
them and drove them over the river. The
tame tactics were followed by the left
flank.
The rebels later made, another attack,
but were again repulsed. The British
then advanced and inflicted heavy loss on
the rebels in the hills on the opposite
side of the river. The British, after gain
ing complete possession of the field, re
tired to Buluwayo. Their loss was only
three killed and six wounded.
Hit VGHJi'S DIPLOMACY.
■His Reply to Chamberlain a Defiance to
England.
* LONDON; Eng., April 26.— The Times
■will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Pretoria, which says that President Kru
ger's reply, declining to visit England to
discuss Transvaal matters, is a diplomatic
masterpiece. It declares that the Trans
vaal Government will not discuss reforms
•with the British Government, on the
ground that Great Britain admittedly can
not interfere with the internal administra
tion of the republic. Nevertheless, pri
vate suggestions from the British Gov
ernment will always be considered.
' The President adds that if the revision
of the convention of 1884 and the auper
■seding thereof by a treaty of amity and
commerce containing a ''most favored
nation" clause cannot be discussed unless
the alleged grievances of the Uitlanders
are also discussed, the Transvaal would
prefer to leave matters as they are, and to
merely demand the payment of an indem
nity for Dr. Jameson's raid. ,He intimates
that Great Britain can facilitate his going
to London by accepting the basis of dis
cussion he has already proposed.
The President frankly admits that the
Transvaal administration is capable of im
provement and that the Government is
not always right. He concludes by laying
stress on tbe patience and forbearance
that have been displayed by both sides,
and expressing the hope that wounded
feelings will be healed and friendly rela
tions restored.
A. dispatch from Berlin says it is re
ported Emperor William is extremely ir
ritated by the speech made by Colonial
Secretary Chamberlain at the Constitu
tional Club on Wednesday night last, in
which he said Great Britain must be para
mount in South Africa and not allow any .
foreign intervention. His Majesty, it is
said, has instructed Count yon Hatzfeldt,
the German Embassador, to secure from
Lord Salisbury a declaration of neutrality
in connection with the Transvaal and
Delagoa Bay. —
BOERS ARE LEX EXT.
Traitors to Escape With the Payment of
;.,.,.''. Nominal Fines.
, LONDON, Exo., April 26.— Tele
graph will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Pretoria, saying it is reported the
arrangement under which certain of the
members of * the Johannesburg Reform
Committee pleaded guilty of treason and
others of lese maje.te toward the State,
provides for the infliction of a nominal
fine on sixty odd members of the commit
tee. The five leaders will be accorded
severer treatment, but their punishment
will not exceed a heavy fine and a short
term of imprisonment.
Menelik Send* Re-enforcements.
ROME, Italy, April 26.— 1t is reported
here that King Menelik. foreseeing an
Italian attack, has sent re-enforcements
to the Ras of Tigre. ;
VIENNA'S BURGOMASTER.
Thrice Elected, hut Not Permitted to As-
sume the Office. '
LONDON, Eng., April 26.— The. Vienna
correspondent of the Times telegraphs
that Emperor Francis Joseph will have an
interview to-morrow with Dr. Ledger, the
anti-Semite leader who was recently for
the third time elected Burgomaster of
Vienna, despite the Government's oppo
sition to him and its refusal to confirm his
elections. The Emperor.it is said, will
undoubtedly agree to ratiiy the election of
a prominent follower of Dr. Leuger to the
Burgomastership and the administration
of the city will pas* into the hands of the
Clerical Reactionary party.
Osman IHgmi to Retreat.
SUAKIM, Abyssinia, April 26.— 1t is re
ported that the "Dervishes under Osman
The San Francisco Call.
Digna, who are at Horasab, are suffering
greatly for want of food. Arab passengers
assert that it is the intention of Osman
Digna to retreat to Adarama. ,
KNAPP RELEASED.
' ' ' '
Turks at Iskanderoon, Threatened by an
American Cruiser, Set the
Missionary Free.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, April
26.— John W. Riddle, American Charge
d' Affaires,* received advices Friday morn
ing from Iskanderoon that the Turkish
authorities refused to deliver Rev. George
Knapp, the American missionary who was
recently expelled from Ritlis on charges of
sedition, and who was to come to this city
for trial, and were determined to send
him away from the country on the Euro
pean steamer that sailed from Iskanderoon
; Friday evening. * '
Mr. Riddle informed Sir Philip Currie,
I the British Embassador, and M. Cambon,
the French Embassador, of the situation
and went to the Porte, where he showed
the written promise of Tewfik Pasha, the
Foreign Minister, to deliver Mr. Knapp to
the American legation for trial. He ad
vised Tewfik Pasha that it would be better
for him to keep this promise, and at the
same time telegraphed to the American
Consular agents at Iskanderoon and Mer
slne to call for an American cruiser it it
should be necessary to secure the delivery
of Mr. Knapp. These open telegrams
frightened the authorities, and on Satur
day Mr. Riddle received dispatches stating
that Mr. Knapp had been released.
LONDON, Eng., April 26.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Constantinople saying that 200 lead
ing Armenians have been arrested at
Moosh on the pretext that they were im
plicated in the murder of a Kurd, which
occurred in 1894. The dispatch adds that
the embassies fear a renewal of the mas
sacres at Sassoun.
THIS SULTAX A SICK MAX.
Said to lie Suffering From an Acute
Chronic Disease.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, April 26.
— Several rumors are afloat concerning the
health of the Sultan. It is said there has
been a sudden and acute development of
a chronic disease. The Times discredits
the reports, but says the Sultan is liable
to paroxysms of nervous irritability, which
brain fatigue aggravates. tr>7R''7.
Victoria Growing Feeble.
LONDON, Eng., April 26.— Despite: the
official reports from Nice that the Queen
is enjoying her usual health the highest
social circle hears that her feebleness has
so increased that she will be unable to
carry out her intention to hold a drawing
room in May. The Queen will not appear
at any ceremonial function during the
present season.
Labor Candidate Heats a Prime Minister.
ADELAIDE, Australia, April 26.— 1n
the elections in South Australia for mem
bers of the Colonial Legislatuie, Batchelor,
a labor candidate, defeated the Hon. C. C.
Kingston, the Prime Minister. The vole
stood: Batchelor 1773, Kingston 1767.
Spain's Increasing Troubles.
MADRID, Spain, April 26.— The Govern
ment is devising relief measures that are
necessitated by serious agricultural dis
tress . arising from a drought, which has
affected all the crops, injured livestock
and enhanced the price of bread.
Political Intolerance in Italy.
ROME, Italy, April 26.— The Repub
lican party has decided to hold a fete on
May 1, Labor day, and the Socialists have
summoned conferences on that day, but
the Government has forbidden the hold
ing of meetings or parades.
Ex-Prime Minister Dies at Sydney.
SYDNEY, N. S.W., April 26.— Sir Henry
Parker, formerly Prime Minister of this
colony, died here this morning of bron
chitis and inflammation of the lungs. He
was born in Warwickshire, Eng., in 1815.
Baron de Hirsch's Funeral.
PARIS, France, April 26.— remains
of Maurice" Baron de Hirsch, the noted
Jewish financier and philanthropist, will
be interred at Montmartre Cemetery to
morrow.
lamagata at Paris.
• PARIS, France.. April -26.— Field Mar
shal Yamagata, who is en route to Mos
cow, where he will represent the Japanese
Government at the coronation ceremonies
of the Czar, arrived in this city to-day.
FRENCH CABINET CRISIS.
Sarrien, After Persistent Effort,
Is Unable to Form a
Ministry.
.- - '"
The Radicals Are Irreconcilableßu
mors That President Faure
Will Resign. J ,; 3
PARIB, France, April 26.— M. Sarrien,
who was requested by President Faure to
form a Cabinet, held a consultation with
Mm. Goblet, Gerville, Dujardin, Henri,
Ricard and Brisson this morning.
At noon it was announced that M. Sar
rien had requested President Faure to
allow. to defer his reply until 5 o'clock
this evening. Later it was stated that M.
Sarrien had informed the President that
he was unable to form a conciliation Cabi
net. M. Faure pressed him to continue
negotiations, but M. Sarrien replied that
he was convinced he could not succeed. i * *
Nobody else has been summoned to the
Elysee. It is believed that a Radical Cabi
net, with M. Goblet at its head, is inevita
ble, or that M. Conatans or M. Dupuy will
be called upon to form a Ministry and the
Chambers be dissolved.
It is again rumored that President Faure
meditates resigning. - 3 7
AFTER BIG GAME.
A Demented Woman's Hunt for the Gov
ernor of Wyoming.
. CHEYENNE, Wyo., April 25. - Mrs.
Henrietta George, an elderly German
woman living .: near Laramie, was ; found
yesterday in a demented condition, having
started to walk barefooted and ' scantily
clad to Cheyenne. She had a revolver and
declared she was going to kill Governor
Richards, who, she said, 'had defrauded
her out of her lease on a section of school
land. Mrs. George was. taken , in charee
by the county authorities and . placed in
jail for safe keeping. It was announced by
the Governor that the matter of the lease
would probably be reopened. " * > t
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, | APRIL 27, 1896.
LYNCHING OF
TWO BROTHERS.
Dragged From a Tennessee
Jail at Midnight by
Masked Men.
NOT WITHOUT A BATTLE
One of the Victims Fought Des
perately, Knocking Three
Men Senseless.
THE OTHER FELL IN A SWOON.
Carried Off in Their Night-Clothes
and Without Ceiemony Hanged
to a Tree.
CHATTANOOGA, Tun.., April 26.-Be
tween midnight and 1 o'clock this morn
ing a mob of fifteen masked men rode
quietly into the town of McMinnville, in
Warren County, and proceeding straight
to the jail entered the jailer's bedroom be
fore he was aware of their appearance.
The jailer seeing that resistance was use
less endeavored to gain time by reasoning
with the leaders, hoping assistance might
come. . The mob, however, became impa
tient, ana forcibly taking the keys entered
the rail wards and took therefrom Victor
and William M. Hillis, brothers, awaiting
a new trial, charged with the murder of
Carroll Martin, in Van' Buren County,
nearly two years ago.
The moment the mob entered the cell
where the Hillises were confined, Victor
the elder, snatched up a bed slat and
knocked three of them senseless, one after
the other, before he was overpowered.
The younger brother, William, uttered a
piercing shriek and fell on the floor in a
swoon. ' Without giving the boys time to
don their clothes the masked men dragged
them from the building, and mounting
their horses rode quickly and silently out
of town to a -point five miles distant,
where,' with : a few preliminaries, they
hanged them to a tree.
The victims of the tragedy were sons of
Squire La wson Hillis, one of the most
highly esteemed residents of Van Buren*
County and for years a leading member of
the County Court. "*'
The crime for .which the Hillis brothers
were lynched was committed in 1894. Car
roll Martin, an aged citizen, who lived in
the mountains of Van Buren County, and
who was supposed to have $1000 in his
house, was attacked one evening in Au"ust
of that year about twilight by two men
with • their faces masked. The old man
was shot to death, and his daughter, who
struck one of the men on the arm with an
ax,* was shot in the leg. The men fihaliv
left without finding their booty, the money
having been thrown from the window into
the grass by Miss Martin. ; 3/3
The Hillis boys were suspected on ac
count of certain injudicious remarks in
regard to the crime. They were tried,
found guilty and sentenced to be hanged
but appeals, new trials and a change of
venue , to Warren County prevented their
execution. ' ; -3 : -/*. .': -•/*■
SALOON MEN CAMPING OUT.
Resorts Closed and Their Keepers Dodg
ing a Special .Grand Jury.
FORT SCOTT, Kans., April 26.— At mid
night last night every saloon in this city
was closed and there was an exodus of
saloon-keepers and bar-tenders to Mis
souri on account of the special Grand Jury,
called for to-morrow to? inquire into the
violations of the prohibitory law. * About
twenty of them* went into camp in Vernon
County, Mo., and will remain there hunt
IT'S A ROCKY, UPHILL JOB.
ing and fishing until tbe jury is dis
charged. Attorney W. B. Webster for the
S'.ate Temperance Society had the special
jury summoned and the saloon men have
named their camo after him in derision.
They have organized under military rules
and' appointed one of their number cor
respondent for the local papers to furnish
daily reports of the camp.
REDS ON THE WARPATH.
Three Families Massacred by Indians in
the Huachingo Valley,
Mexico.
I ST. LOUIS, Mo., April. 26.— A special
from Oaxaca, Mex., gays a- number ;of
roaming bands of Indians in the Hua
chingo Valley, in the western part of the
State of Chiapas, have . made attacks upon
the settlers of that section," and 3; many
murders and high-handed outrages by
them have occurred. . In one '-place. three
families were murdered- and their bodies
terribly mutilated. These Indians have
heretofore been peaceful . and the cause of
the outbreak is riot known.
HOLMES' LAWYER TALKS.
Still Hopes to Convince the Governor
That He Is Insane.
; PHILADELPHIA, Pa., . April ■', 26.-
Henry W. Bullock, .the j Indianapolis at
torney or H. E. , Holmes, the,' convicted
murderer of Benjamin Pietzel, , arrived
here to-day. Asked about his connection
with the case he said: , -777' i
"In December last Holmes wrote me
that he had never been able to gather any
evidence in his own behalf outside of
Philadelphia, that his letters to the West
had fallen. by the way and that he wanted
to gather some facts at Indianapolis, De
troit and Chicago. My. attorney here,. Mr.
McCaffery, called on him frequently and
received the proper data, and we have suc
ceeded in securing considerable evidence
regarding his movements during the last
three years. We can locate him in Indian
apolis almost to an hour ana trace him
and the Pietzel boys' movements while
there." . , ; .-. .'. ■ ;, .; f .:i . ■■_-.. ■ < *,
It is possible , an effort will be : made to
convince the Governor of the. probability.
of Holmes' insanity.
... ■ ■
A HUSBAND'S VENGEANCE
Shoots the Man Who Robbed
Him of Wife and House- ,
hold Effects. ;
Long Pursuit of the Fugitives, Ending
in an Altercation and .: <,•■•;!
■ * ' "-- ••" Bloodshed. 3
ST. -PAUL, Minn., April j 26.— A ? man
giving the name of G. H. Robinson
stepped off the eastbound train last even-'
ing at Maple, Wis., and asked to be di-,
rected to the house of one George Butler,
a homesteader, living close by. Robinson'
has been at Cripple Creek, Colo., ior the
past three months. On his return to
West Superior he found his home de
serted, his wife and furniture gone. ;
In his wife's trunk he discovered letters
convincing him of •a • liaison between his
wife and Butler. He '3 traced his i wife to
Duluth and found Butler had stored away)
the household effects ' in ' his ' name. He
came to Maple to find Butler and the
whereabouts ' of " the '■"■ household effects.
Butler was met on- the road carrying an
ax, and an altercation 'ensued, during
which Butler ■■■ attacked •'• Robinson, and
Robinson in self-defense fired four shots
at Butler. He then returned to Maple and
surrendered j himself | to; the officers./ No
trace of Butler can ■be . found. Parties
have been scouring the woods, but 'as yet
have not found him. It is believed Butler
lies mortally wounded and is * being taken
care of by friends who refuse to disclose
his whereabouts.**;' /"'■;;
Death . Ends a, Feud.
j CARTERVILLE, 111., April 26.— F. F.
Robinson .was. shot twice and killed last'
night by F. A. Slagle/'*The*:two' had car
ried pistols and been ready to shoot for a
year. I Robinson charged Siagle with
breaking up : his j home. 'The killing was
done in self-defense. '' ....■....<*..
CORPSES LINE A
CYCLONE'S PATH.
Northwestern lowa Swept
by : a Death-Dealing
Twister.
i LEAVES f RUIN BEHIND.
Houses Are Demolished and the
Inmates Buried Under the
Wreckage.
MANY KILLED AND INJURED.
Hapless Victims Pinned Down by
Heavy Timbers Lie for Hours
Before Rescued.
CLAY CENTER,' Kans., April 26.— A
cyclone of tremendous force sped through
Clay County late last night, dealing death
and destruction on every hand. As far as
known ' twelve people were killed, nine
fatally injured and j forty more or less
hurt. The known dead are: Frank Peter
son, Mrs. Frank Peterson, a child of the
Petersons, Mrs. ; Ole Naverson , Eli Belt
hazer,*' Mrs. Eli Belthazer, Julia Trim
bly,\ J. ; S. 'Hazen, and a ' grandchild
of A Peter Anderson. A full list of the
injured is unobtainable as the doctors have
not returned from the scene of the disas
ter. It is known, however, that every
member of the families of John Morris, F.
Welkin, Peter Anderson and Henry Gard
ner was hurt, and three of them have in
juries said to be fatal. A large number of
horses and cattle were killed and the dam
age to farm property is immense,
The cyclone started about six miles
south'' of Clifton and went in a J north
easterly direction for -twelve or fifteen
miles and then lost its force by spreading.
It passed about half-way between Clifton
and Morganviile. Its track varied from
150 yards to a quarter of a' mile in width.
Houses and barns - were wrecked, trees
torn up or broken," fences leveled and hay
stacks • blown -in every J direction. The
cyclone • was followed by a terrific rain
storm which lasted several hours, flooding
the devastated district.
; There had been indications of a heavy
rain all day, with 1 local showers, but no
body expected a storm. As far as learned
the victims of .the \ cyclone were in their
bouses and most of them had retired. The
storm struck Peter "Anderson's home at
9:30 o'clock. This was about a mile from
the starting point. The house was de
molished in an instant.
Every member of the Anderson family
was injured. ; When they' bad extricated
themselves from the debris they discov
ered that Anderson's grandchild was miss
ing. The j body of the ! child was found
this morning in a ravine a half-mile away.
' Anderson alarmed 1 the neighbors who
lived out of \ the track of the * storm, and
search was commenced for victims, but
little 1 headway was made in the rain.
Couriers were sent to Clifton and Morgan
ville for doctors, but it was daylight be
fore . they; arrived. .Many of the injured
lay > all night pinned down by wreckage,
while others crawled or hobbled across the,
country to neighboring, houses. In sev
eral instances people were lifted into the
air ;by the ; cyclone and carried for a dis
tance and then suddenly dropped. /,.,.
1 i Buildings also were lifted up and hurled
to the ground with territhc force.
ij* The wife and daughter of John Morris
were reading when the shock came. The
house was j destroyed. ; The women • man
aged j, to get > out, when the wind picked
: them up, carried *, them -200 yards and let
them down on a pile of straw.
*3Tbe people for miles around to-day gath
ered at the different points where damage
had been done and rendered assistance in
every way possible. The track of the
storm resembled a piece of ground leveled
by a roller. It is believed much damage
was done in the vicinity of Palmer, Wash
ington County, but the details cannot be
learned. -
It is impossible at this time to estimate
the damage to buildings and other prop
erty. 7:;. My '&P&
RAIN, WIND AN It HA
Crops in a Section of Florida Destroyed
by a Storm.
DADE CITY, Fla., April' 26.— A heavy
rain, wind and hail storm passed through
here this afternoon. Great damage is re
ported by melon - growers- and farmers
north and east of this place. The Brown
Bros, report their watermelon crop totally
ruined. H. Griffin's melon crop, corn and
other crops were ruined or damaged. The
residence of A. T. Hamilton, two" miles
east, was lifted from its foundation.
Hamilton's daughter was injured, but not
seriously. .'v.:
The heavy rain breaks the drouth of sir
weeks. Hailstones tilled a ditch six
inches deep. H.H.Brown reports hail
stones three inches deep on a level in his
melon patch. The greatest damage is re
ported in a strip two miles wide, running
from northeast to southeast. Later re
ports show that the crop of Major C. L.
Lewis, two miles northeast of town, is com
pletely destroyed. f< .*",'..•-;. 3* •
PAXIC XARRO WLT AVERTED.
Fire Alarms Greatly Excite Talmage's
Large Congregation.
WASHINGTON, D. C., ! April 26.— A
second alarm of fire was turned in to-night
on account of what at first seemed to be an
extensive conflagration in the' Equitable
building, opposite ' the First Congrega
tional Church, where Dr. Talmage was
preaching to a large congregation. It ap
pears that the occupant of one of the
rooms in the Equitable building attempted
to burn in an open fireplace a quantity of
old papers, and these 'laming up in an in
stant made an illumination that for a
while caused much alarm in the vicinity.
The great glare of the light and the rush
ing of the engine to the scene nearly
caused a panic in the church. The alarm
was only momentary, however. The fire
did no other damage, and it was not nec
essary to get the engines into operation.
HURLED FROM THE RAILS.
Passenger Train Wrecked by an Obstrue-
Hon on the Track.
FREDONIA, . Kami,, April . 26. — The
Frisco passenger train from St. Louis, due
here at 1:44 o'clock -yesterday morning,
was wrecked three miles east of here by
an obstruction rolling down the embank
ment of Fall River. and lodging on the
track at . a . point where the road makes a
sharp curve. The whole train except the
sleeper was derailed. The engine , and
tender lay fifteen feet from the track,
turned over and badly wrecked. Engineer
Callender reversed his : engine and re
mained at his post until the engine was
about to turn over, .when with Fireman
Poe he jumped, both receiving ) painful
injuries.
MOB VIOLENCE FEARED.
Strong Guard Over a Man Charged With
.. *.; '....,,:, : Double Murder. ,7, , . ,~ .. .
LA PLATA, Mo., i April 26.— Joseph
Cocking, husband of Mrs. Fanny. Cocking
and brother-in-law of Miss Daisy Miller,
who were murdered in their home at Hill
top/Thursday night, was arrested this
afternoon after a jury of inquest rendered
a verdict charging him with the double
murder. Cocking is locked up to-night in
a room of Smoot's Hotel in this place.
With him is a strong guard of deputy
sheriffs. * To-morrow he will Ibe removed
to Baltimore, as the authorities here fear
mob violence. , .
Judge Maguire and the Single Tax.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 26.— Hon.
J. G. Maguire of San Francisco closed the
winter season of addresses on single tax at
the Grand " Opera-house here ' to-night.
The audience was large and the enthu
siasm intense. 'Judge Maguire will come
to Delaware again in June and will make
an extensive tour, of the State. .*..
Two Brothers Burned to Death.
DELTA, Ohio, April 26.— Two sons of A.
S. Marchand,, clerk of the town, were
burned to death early this morning. The
family residence caught, fire and all the
occupants were ' rescued ' except the two
boys. •-<•■!■- : ■ • ■ .-*.-.*»■
Man and Wife Perish in Flames.
. MIDDLETOWN, N. V., April 26.— The
house of Bernard Cullen, near Chester,
was burned to the ground morning
and Cullen and. his wife perished in the
flames. '.
THIRTY DOOMED TO OIL
Men Entombed in the Santa
;' Eulalia Mines Cannot Be .
Reached.
Ten Bodies Have Ben Recovered
' and Seven of the Rescued •
Are Dying.
EL PASO, Tex., April 26.— The latest
news of the catastrophe at the Santa Eula
lia mines, Chihuahua, Mex., Thursday
night is to the effect' that eighty-five men
were working in the mines Thursday
.when it caved in. burying alive sixty-seven
of the men, all of whom were Mexicans.*
Recently contracts were let to a number
of Mexican miners and laborers to take
ore from the old workings at so much per
ton. • In their eagerness to secure large
quantities of ore with the least labor,
these contractors began tearing down the
ore pillars which supported the roof of the
mine. i * -3 ■■ .■' *-'.' "• - ■.-; ■'- < h **.
. *.*■ They also cut away masses of ore that
had been left between the chambers. Thus
weakened the ground began to give way at
2 o'clock in the morning and almost in
stantly sixty-seven *of * the men at work
underground were cut off from escape.
Governor Ahumada is on the ground
with a large force of men working :to re
cover 7 the \ buried miners. . Thirty-seven
men have been recovered, ten dead, seven
dying and twenty fatally hurt. At last ac
counts there were * thirty men : still in the
ruins with no hope of recovering them
alive. • .: 'I ■ : '7h'i"7-77
Death of a Noted Delaware Jurist.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 26.— Hon.
John W. Houston, who was an Associate
Judge of the courts of this State from 1855
until 1893, when he -was retired on a pen
sion owing to disabilities incident to old
age, ; died to-night at his home in George
town. He was born in 1814.'
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CUBA LIE'S
STAR IS RISING
J. Frank Clark Sees the
Shackles About to
Break.
CANNOT BE CONQUERED.
i* * " ~~ I
Twenty-Five Thousand Soldiers
of Spain Have . Fallen in t V'.
: the Struggle.
PATRIOTS GAINING STRENGTH,
Tiue Situation on the Island as
Described by a Returned
Correspondent.
' NEW YORK, N. V., April 26.-Some
light is thrown upon the actual" situation
in Cuba to-day by the following' interview
with J. Frank Clark, staff correspondent of
The United Press, who has just arrived
from Havana. Mr. Clark said : ' ' : s 3'3*
"These conclusions " force themselves
upon me as the result of five months' ob
servation of the progress of the revolution
in Cuba. The insurgents are making a re
markably good fight. Spain has demon
strated her inability to put them down.
The end is not in sight, but Cuba is surely
slipping away from Spain, and unless
some new element is introduced the island
will be lost to the mother country. Mean
while atrocities are being committed and
methods of warfare are being followed
which are ,not countenanced by civilized
nations.
"I have made two' trips to Cuba. The
first was' at the beginning 'of April, 1895,
when the insurrection was in its infancy.
I remained two months, sailing to the
States in June. ' Early in January I went
back to Cuba, finding that Gomez and Ma
ceo, whom I left in the mountains of the
eastern district; had marched 600 miles,
carrying the wave of revolution westward,
and were then almost at the gates of the
capital city. When' I left Havana a week
ago the insurrection was larger, more
formidable and apparently more promis
ing of success than at any time in the
fourteen months since the Cubans rose
against Spain. ' ' ';.' r *,
1 "I went to Cuba not as the representa
tive of any- one newspaper with an edi
torial opinion of its own, but as the cor
respondent of the United Press, an asso
ciation whose sole mission is to obtain
facts and disseminate news.' ' ' 3
- ""In* the- early part of the struggle, be
fore the insurgents had made much
progress, my reports were criticized by
Cubans as unfair to theun. Now that they
have swept over the island, pushing the
troops of Spain before them and making
a record that will live in history, Spaniards
say that my reports are unfair to Spain.
In both cases I have told the truth. ,
"Before the arrival of General Weyler
correspondents were permitted to accom
pany Spanish columns, and in the early
stages of the war Spanish generals even
permitted' correspondents to visit the
enemy's camps. Since the enemy has
grown from scattered bands to organized
and fairly well-armed and drilled columns
it is a matter of. life and death for a cor
respondent to penetrate the rebel lines.
He would be welcomed by . the insurgents
but shot upon his' return to Spanish
camps. I have had experience with four
Captain-Generals— Calleja, Campos, Marin
and Weyler. The last is the only one of
them who made the life of a war corre
spondent burdensome.
"Suave and courteous in his talk, pro
fuse in efforts to aid correspondents in
sifting truth from error, polite in his re
ception of all Americans, yet he has a way
of impressing upon a correspondent, with
out putting it into words, that it would
conduce to his personal safety to report
nothing but Spanish official news. As
they fail to mention a single insurgent
success from the beginning, and give out a
record of Spanish victories which exist on
paper only, the correspondent who ac
cepted them at face value beguiles his
readers.
"If Spain were winning battles, why not
permit accredited correspondents to • ac
company columns of troops and report
from personal observations ? If battles are
fought whenever announced officially, why
are correspondents refused a safe-conduct
pass to enable them to visit the battlefield
when all is over? If the affair at Guatao
was a battle and not a butchery, Why were
two correspondents thrown into Moro
Castle, charged with having visited the
place, which is only twelve miles from
Havana?," > ,  . * •„ ...
"The Spanish correspondents of Madrid
papers, the Spanish reporters of Havana
papers, all subject to the 'press censure,
and the American correspondents, are
penned up in Havana, and every effort is
made to keep the world in darkness as to
what is being done in" Cuba. Every re
liable dispatch is carefully edited before it
can be transmitted. Everything unfavor
able to Spain or favorable to the Cuban
cause is eliminated. The mails are
searched to prevent newspaper corre
spondence being sent off. But with all
these precautions tne truth cannot be sup
pressed, and every Wednesday and Satur
day the papers of the Unite! States arrive
in Havana, and long accounts of rebel vic
tories and Spanish brutalities, which are
true, are read by the English-speaking
residents and translated for the benefit of
Spaniards. '..'■' ■:!. -3
"The situation in Cuba is not difficult
to gauge— Spain has sent 140,000 regulars
and 60,000 volunteers have been raised in
the cities of the island. The latter are used
almost entirely for home defeuse.. Of the
regulars, approximately 25,000 have suc
cumbed to bullets and disease during the
year, 15,0C0:are in the hospitals or have
been relieved from duty and about 100.000
are available for active operations. These
figures are estimates made by an army sur
geon and are very near the truth. The
Spanish official loss of 3800 men from all
causes during the year is too absurd to be
considered. Fully half of the regub_r a2
available for active operations are required
for garrison duty in cities and towns.
About 2000 small forts or blockhouses have
been built and these are occupied by.the.
troops. The establishment of the latest
trocha — that between Marie! and Majana
absorbs 30,000 regulars for tne defense of
the line. There are about 10,000 regulars,
divided into flying columns of 1500 to 2000
men each, operating aggressively against
Maceo just west of the trocha in Pinar del
Rio and in all of the other provinces there
are not more than 13,000 troops in the field
against the enemy.
"General Weyler made numerous at
tempts to surround and crush Maceo and
Gomez during his first month on the
island. He did not succeed. He then re
sorted to the well-worn Spanish device
called a trocha, which had been abandoned
by Campos and Marin as useless.
"In order to mate it a strong line he
has practically stopped aggressive opera
tion in all the provinces except the west
ern one and concentrated his troops there.
Gomez. Lacret, Jose Maceo, Calixto Garcia
and other insurgent leaders with large
forces are unopposed. They move from
one province to another constantly reviv
ing and spreading the flame of rebellion.
They are gaining accessions daily from the
better classes and their followers can no
longer be designated as ignorant blacks.
The number of insurgents under arms is
now fully 45,000. Cubans claim anywhere
from 60,000 to 75.0C0. but they include un
armed camp-followers and men whose
only weapon is the machete.
"Spaniards say the Cubans will not fight,
but I have seen many trainloads of
wounded Spanish troops brought into Ha
vana and other cities, and American
planters upon whose estates encounters
have taken place declare the Cubans are
absolutely reckless unuer fire. They go
into a fight with two or three rounds of
ammunition to the man, knowing they
must capture cartridges or they cannot
fight on the morrow. When the last shot
is gone they charge upon a mule train
with machetes and generally obtain sup
plies for the next day.
"It is true they avoid general engage
ments. They have not the ammunition
nor the artillery to operate as a fully
equipped army. They therefore resort to
guerrilla warfare, and Spain can make no
progress against them. There are many
reasons for this. In the first place, Gomez
and Maceo are men of military genius.
The rank and file of the insurgents wor
ship their leaders and obey orders im
plicitly. On the other side there are jeal
ousies, political intrigues, and personal
ambitions among all grades of Spanish
officers. General Weyler says when an
officer obtains a rank above that of colonel
in Cuba his usefulness is gone. Twelve
brigadier-generals have been sent back to
Spain for incompetency since General
Weyler arrived.
•'The Spanish troops themselves have no
heart in the fight. They are raw con
scripts from the peasant class of Spain.
They are poorly fed, and are driven about
like cattle. They obey orders faithfully,
undergo hardships and exposure in a
climate to which they are unused, and fall
by the wayside or die in hospitals, the
victims of a war in which they have no in
terest. Their condition is pitiable indeed.
In a few weeks the rainy season will set in
and yellow fever will cut wider swaths in
their ranks than the bullets of the enemy
have yet done.
"The entire interior of the island is either
in actual possession of the insurgents or is
in sympathy with them. In every small
town the Cubans are doing; what they can
to aid the men in the field.
"The office-holding class of Spaniards
and the merchants who profit by Spanish
continuance in power still insist that
Spain must win, even though the island be
laid in ashes and her sod drenched in gore.
The rabbid Spaniards are the ones who
forced the recall of General Martinez Cam
pos. They have recently attacked General
Weyler, accusing him of being as lenient
as Campos. Owners of plantations— for-
eigners and Spaniards as well as Cubans
state that the Government columns sent
out in pursuit of insurgent bands, in fail
ing to force a fight, or getting the worst of
one, fall upon the peaceable, unarmed em
ployes in the fields or hiding in their
houses and slaughter them without mercy.
This is followed by an official report of a
brilliant victory." '■ 3 7.
ESCAPED FROM TIIEIR GUARDS.
Two Xoung Cubans Who Will Not Grace
a Spanish Prison.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 26.-Two
young Cuban patriots, both of whom had
been captured while fighting for the
Cuban cause, were passengers by the
French line steamship La Bretagne, which
arrived from Havre to-day.. The young
men are Alonzo Rubenzo and Alfred Mar
tino. They are 19 years of age and the
sons of good Cuban families. They were
made prisoners by the Spaniards " when
Martinez Campos was commanding the
forces of Spain in Cuba. They were or
dered to be deported from the island and
imprisoned in the fortress at Barcelona.
They were accordingly sent under guard
to that city, but managed to escape from
their keepers while the ship was approach
ing her pier.
They remained in hiding a week and
stole out of the city at night and made
their way to the Pyrenees Mountains,
which they crossed after many hardships
and perils and finally succeeded in reach
ing Paris. There they applied to Dr. Bo
tenees, head of the Cuban junta in that
city, who afforded them means to come to
New York. The young men would not
say whether they would tempt fortune
again by returning to Cuba in aid of their
struggling countrymen.
OUTFITTING FOR A CRUISE.
The Filibustering Bermuda Will Again
Carry Arms to Cuba.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., April 26—The
filibustering steamer Bermuda arrived in
port at 6 o'clock to-night, anchored off the
Clyde steamship dock and took on a cargo
of large boxes from a barge, also six large
eight-oared surfboats.
It is said the contents of the boxes,
several hundred in number, were rifles,
small arms, machetes, dynamite, powder
and medicine. A number of small boats,
some containing spies, some Cubans and
a number of reporters hovered near the
Bermuda, but no arms were seen and no
definite proof could be obtained that the
boxes contained arms.
The Bermuda chose her time well, the
revenue cutter Boutweh having just left
this port, and a Spanish man-of-war hav
ing just departed for Key West. The Ber
muda's crew was increased at this poit,
but by how many is not known.
SPANISH ELECTIONS.
Large Government Majority in the Sen
ate Obtained.
MADRID, Spain, April 26.— The .'■ elec
tions for members of the Senate were held
to-day and passed without any excitement.
It is known that a large Government ma
jority has been returned. Prime Minister
Canovas del Castillo will now hasten tho
Cuban tariff reforms, the .chemo of which
will shortly be issued.
GOSSIP FROM THE
GERMAN CAPITAL
French Political Situation
Viewed With Grave
Concern.
A CRISIS IS INEVITABLE.
The Reichstag to Be Asked for
Credits for Further Mili
. tary Equipment.
ENGLAND AND THE TRANSVAAL
Civil "War Predicted Unless the Cape
States Are Granted Complete
Autonomy.
BERLIN, Germany, April 26.— The pros
pect of a collision between the French
Senate and the Chamber of Deputies, re
sulting from changes in the constitution
placing no control over the power of a sin
gle chamber, is regarded in responsible
Government quarters here as a matter of
the gravest concern. ; The mere resigna
tion of a Cabinet upon a party question
has lone been considered a matter of small
moment, but the present situation threat
ens to shake the stability of the Eastern
relations of the French republic.
- In an article commenting upon tbis state
of affairs the National Zeitung holds to the
belief that henceforth the permanency of
the policy of . France is impossible to rely
upon, and that sooner or later the internal
troubles of the republic will be reflected
upon the relations of France with foreign
powers.
The Vossische Zeitung expresses fear
that the constitution of France will not
furnish President Faure with adequate
means to avert an ultimate conflict be
tween the two chambers, though he may
be able to hit upon temporary expedients
to delay the struggle which is nearing the
inevitable, and the interested Europeans
ought to exert their influence to the end of
securing a new form of government for
France. The feeling of uneasiness inspir
ing these and similar comments by the
press is due to the belief that the exist
ence of the Senate restrains the dangerous
impulses of the democratic amber.
Whatever political stripe of government
France has had since 1870, not one of them
has ceased to prepare to take the fore
front in a conflict for the restoration of
her military supremacy in Europe.
It has been learned by the German War
Office that the Bourgeois Ministry some
time before its fall had decided to ask the
chambers for a credit of 470,000 frans for
the purpose of supplying the army with j
quick-firing guns of a pattern superior to
any that has yet been produced.
Tins, however, was not a surprise to the
War Office, which had already provided
designs for a new quick-firing gun sup-
Dosed to be a great deal more effective than
the French weapon. The French inven
tion has long been in possession of the
War Department and has been kept a
strict secret, the Government being reluc
tant to order the construction of the guns,
as a radical change in the artillery equip
ment of the army would involve an out
lay of 200,000,000 marts. Now that France
is lively to obtain a new and formidable
gun it is imperative that the Reichstag
must be asked for the necessary credits to
strengthen the artillery equipment of Ger
many. Confidence is felt in official circles
that the Reichstag will recognize the fact
that the artillery arm of the military ser
vice urgently requires the credit and that
upon hearing the Ministerial statement
upon the subject may also grant a naval
credit and so bring both the . military and
naval services up to date.
The officially inspired press, speaking
freely on the subject, are giving out an
accurate expression :of official and public
opinion as to the relations of Great Britain
in South Africa, which the papers declare
are not alone confined to encroachments
upon the Transvaal, but upon the whole
Afrikander interests to which Germany,
these journals assert, is now inclined to
tender moral support and even diplo
matic intervention. 7A 7':
The North German Gazette argues that
the Cape States ought to sustain as com
plete autonomy as Australia and the re
maining members of the British empire
and with as full a measure of inde
pendence. -Nothing short of this, the
Gazette adds, will effectively prevent civil
war.
The Voßsische Zeitung blames Mr.
Chamberlain, the British Colonial Secre-
tary, for want of tact in dealing with Presi
dent Kruger of the Transvaal Republic,
for Insulting the Boer administration by
accusing it of wholesale corruption, and
for acting throughout as though it were
an absolute fact that South Africa is going
to pieces.  __,;_
"It is an extremely serious matter," the
paper continues,* "to find that the words
•race war' are current throughout the
Cape. If a conflict takes place between
England and the Transvaal the British
possessions in South Africa will be at
stake." : * ■777:77:;,:^
The Altdeutsche Blatter boldly contends
that Germany and the Boers ought to
hold together and force back English in
vasion and forever make South Africa a
great field for German immigration,
where Germans could preserve their na
tionality and give solid support to German
doctrines, theories and interest every
where. 3r -333 77 77'-
The Altdeutsche Blatter is less diplo
matic in its utterances than the North
German Gazeste, but the paper better ex
presses the popular sentiment.
Apropos of tho general German feeling
in regard to England the cognate question,
"Will the Emperor go to Cowes in the
autumn as he had proposed to do?" has
been variously discussed with the result
that the preponderance of opinion is that
he will not visit England if the present
tendency of the English policy continues
and that no inducement that can be offered
by family connections is likely to persuade
him to go. -*■--„/_.:'
In an article upon this subject the in
spired Magdeburg Gazette says : The Kaiser
will not visit England, without fully con
sidering the political situation, and , the
rapidity with which changes are being
made therein make it hardly possible for
him to decide what he will do in the mat
ter several months ahead.
Recurring to the policy of the Dreibund
in regard to the ' succession of the Papacy
-the object being to secure the selection
of a Pope to succeed Leo XIII who will be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 27. 1896.
favorable to the interests of the Dreibund
and less inclined to democracy, as well as
less friendly to France * than the present
Pontiff— it is stated that advices from high
Catholic sources divide the probable can
didates for the tiara into two groups. The
first of these, following the present policy
of Leo XIII, includes Cardinals Svampa,
Ferrari and Santi, and the second, with a
policy supposed to be less politically
biased and therefore more favorable to the
Dreibund, is headed by Cardinal Galim
berto. 7. 3- 77i
The group includes Cardinals Vincenzo,
Serafino, Vannutelli and the brothers Ca
pacelatro. The two ablest members of the
Sacred College, Cardinals Parecchi and
Rampolla, are not considered, for various
reasons, as being eligible. The question
of the .Papal succession is certainly stir
ring the secret depths of diplomatic life.
Dr. Yon Stephan, Minister of tbe Impe
rial Postoffice, has charged the American
sculptress, Mrs. Cadwallader Gould, with
the modeling of two great allegorical fig
ures representing respectively Posts and
Telegraphs to be placed upon the post
office building at Magdeburg. The German
sculptors, through the Vossische • Zeitung
and other papers, have protested against
this award of the work.
Owing to recent instructions from Wash
ington the American embassy will here
after enforce stricter regulations in regard
to the passports, persons making applica
tions for which must give the most satis
factory proofs of their identity before they
can obtain them. • V
Prince yon Hohenlohe, the Imperial
Chancellor, is suffering from a prolonged
attack of insomnia, accompanied by fail
ure of appetite. It is now plain that the
Chancellors advanced age is telling on
him, and this has renewed rumors of his
early retirement and speculation as to bis
successor.
The Emperor's military Cabinet concur
in opposing the proposal for reform in tue
military code of criminal procedure. -
The Berlin Industrial Exhibition is in a
state of chaos. The Emperor insists upon
its being opened on May 1 and prepara
tions for opening on that date are as far as
possible being rushed night and day. The
workmen, who are masters of the situa
tion, have raised a demand for increased
wages in open violation of tneir contracts.
They will not work except when they
please, and it is impossible that the prepar
ations can be completed before June. A
host of American visitors are expected to
be in at.endence.
The golf handicap was played here this
week and was won by Mr. Lascelies, son of
Sii F. C. Lascelies, the British Embassador,
with a score of 94. The other scores were:
Dr. Miller, 98; H. G. Squires, second sec
retary of the American embassy, 99;
Prince Albrecht, 103; Captain Evans, mili
tary attache to the American embassy,
109, and J. B. Jackson, first secretary of
the American embassy. 112.
A MANIAC'S AWFUL WORK
Shoots and Kills Five Persons,
Then Ends His Own
Existence.
His Fever-Stricken Sister. Hearing of
the Tragedy, Expires From
the Shock.
ROCKVILLE, Ind.; April 26.— of
the bloodiest tragedies that ever occurred
in this part of the country took place here
and as a result seven people are dead.
About 7 o'clock in the morning Peter Eg
bert, a young man 23 years of age, went
into the back yard to saw some wood. Just
as he was starting his work Mrs. Herman
Haschke, who occupied the adjoining
house, left her residence and went a short
distance away to milk her cow.
As soon as she was ont of the way Eg
bert went into his house, and securing a
gnn, entered the Haschke house, adjoin
ing. The first one he found there was
Mrs. Haschke's ten-year-old daughter,
whom he at once shot dead. Then he
shot at the girl's brother, a ' few years
younger. The first shot only wounded
him, and he ran out on the porch calling
for help, but Egbert pursued him and shot
him dead. „
Then the murderer went in search of the
mother of his victims. He found her in
an alley near by, and firing at her he
fatally wounded her. She died two hours
later.
Shouldering his gun, and still evidently
thirsting for blood, the murderer started
toward the business part of town. There
he saw Sheriff W. D. Mull and Constable
W. M. Sweam .crossing the street toward
him. He called out to them and warned
them not to come near him, at the same
time threatening them with his gun. The
two officers ran tor the stairway of the Na
tional Bank building, but before they
could reach it Egbert fired, and both men
dropped dead.
The murderer fled, pursued by a big
crowd. He started to run toward the fair
grounds, with citizens close behind. Once
he turned and threatened the crowd with
his gun and some one fired at him, hitting
him in the heel and crippling him. Un
able to run any further he turned his gun
on himself and fired a charge into his
breast that proved almost instantly fatal.
The gun was so close that the powder set
fire to his clothing. ;
At the time the tragedy occurred Egbert's
sister, Miss Florence Egbert, was lying ill
of typhoid fever. Some one told her of
the affair. The shock prostrated her and
she died soon after, making the seventh
death.
The crime was undoubtedly due to in
sanity. Egbert was at one time confined
in an insane asylum, but had j been dis
charged as cured. It is the general belief
that he suddenly became insane as he had
no motive for his dreadful deed.
BUN NEE GROWS WORSE.
Relatives Give Up the Hope That the
Editor of Puck Will Live.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 26.-H. C.
Bunner, editor of Puck, .who is suffering
from tuberculosis at Nutley, N. J., to which
place he recently returned from a Califor
nia trip, became much better during the
warm weather. The chilly weather of the
last few days, however, has given him a
severe setback. His cousin, William Bun
ner of California, is constantly with him,
but has little hope that the editor will re
cover. * ; ■'*;. ■3:3*;.- 7: ,
Somewhat Afraid of the Water.
LOUISVILLE, * Ky., April 26.— Rev.
W. E. Whitsitt, D.D., president of • the
faculty of the Baptist Theological Semi
nary, is to be investigated by the board of
trustees for not being sound enough in his
doctrine in the matter of ; baptism by im
mersion. 3 The trouble is of some months'
standing;* Dr. Whitsitt wrote 3 an article
about Roger Williams, in- which he said
that when Williams was baptized he was
not 3 immersed, ; but * was - sprinkled. He
also said that prior to Roger Williams'
time ' baptism :by sprinkling and * not by
immersion was the custom.
WHO WILL BE
THE NOMINEE?
McKinley's Manager Sends
Out His Usual Weekly
Bulletin.
CONFIDENT OF SUCCESS.
Claims 444 of the Delegates So
Far Chosen, Exclusive of
the Doubtful.
ELECTIONS YET TO BE HELD.
Of the Votes to Come at Least 125
Are Expected to Be in the
McKinley Column.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 26.—Gen
eral Grosvenor gave out to-night his regu
lar weekly statement of McKinley votes.
As usual he declines to make any figures
upon other people's strength, confining
his figures to a comparison of McKinley
votes and the number necessary to a
choice— 4s6. He also declines to discuss
the accuracy of the table of votes of any
body else, and said to-night:
-*1 rely with absolute confidence upon
ultimate results to vindicate my figures."
McKinley's strength, as General Gros
venor gives it, stands to-day at 444. He
further states : 333.
"I do not place my votes in Connecticut
or New Hampshire in tbe McKinley table
at this time, although I see thai the New
York Tribune gives the names of three
Connecticut delegates. 1 prefer to leave
those States to make known their status
when the roll of the convention is called,
and I may add in this same connection
that there are a considerable number of
delegates not classified as McKinley men
in other States than Connecticut and New
Hampshire who may be relied upon to
protect McKinley from any combination
looking to his defeat. *
Now, looking forward, the prospect is
very pleasant. There are about 200 dele
gates to be elected hereafter, as follows:
Alabama 4, Georgia 4, Illinois 12, Vermont
8, Arizona 6. California 18, Michigan 26,
Nevada 6, West Virginia 8, Montana 6,
Missouri 16, Delaware 6, Colorado 8, Wash
ington 8, Idaho 6, Wyoming 6, North Car
olina 18. Total, 166.
"And the balance, making up about
200, are scattered by districts over the en
tire country.
"It will be observed by careful analysis
of these votes to come that it is a modest
and conservative statement to claim that
McKinley will have 125 of those votes,
and probably more. Thus, it will be seen
that my statement that the Ist of May
would see McKinley within reach of a
majority was not only not an exaggera
tion, but has been verified by results, and
will be conclusively demonstrated by ac
tual figures when the delegates are
elected."
MA NL tl'S STATEMENT.
The Maine Congressman Makes a Very
Conservative Estimate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 26.-Man
ley of Maine gave out the following state
ment this evening:
"Congressman Aldrich of Illinois left
for his State Saturday. He will attend
the State convention at Springfield on
Wednesday of this week. His statement
of April 20, which was made upon ac
curate and reliable information derived
from the delegates themselves, was based
upon the election of 604 delegate.. Of
this number Reed was given 128 delegates,
Governor McKinley 214, doubtful 66 and
all others 196. It gave McKinley 35"_ per
cent of the delegates elected. The state
ment was made with so much care and ac
curacy that it can be relied upon with the
utmost confidence. /* 3
"I have taken Aldrich's estimate as a
basis for my statement of delegates elected
up to that date, adding those elected from
the 20th to the 26th of April, inclusive, and
classified them with the following results.
It will be seen that there are many dele
gates placed in the doubtful column.
"There are in many instances contested
delegates, and it does not seem proper
that, prior to the action of the National
Committee, which has to act as a commit
tee on credentials for the temporary roll of
the convention, and, prior to the action of
the credentials committee on the conven
tion, any one has a right to assume
what delegates will be seated in the con
vention; therefore I have not presumed to
claim how these delegates would vote, but
have preferred to place them where they
belong— in the doubtful column. In no
instance have I anticipated the election of
any delegates. This statement only relates
to the delegates actually elected.
"Out of 250 delegates thus far chosen in
the block of States north of the Potomac
and east of the Ohio— a block of States con
taining a great proportion of the manufac
turing and commercial interests of the
country McKinley has secured only nine
votes. McKinley's percentage of the dele
gates elected remains practically as it did
one week ago. The whole number elected,
.711. For Thomas B. Reed, 161; for Gov
ernor McKinley, 250; for all othej candi
dates, 217; doubtful and contested, 83.
Statb.
Alabama •„...
Arkansas .' ""
Connecticut . '""
Florida "•••" .........
Georgia. .'.'.'.'.". '.'.'. ......
Illinois I.'.'.. "I!!!! I.
Indiana...: ...........^ '.!!!!!!
Kansas .** ".'.'.
Kentucky ;" *" '
Louisiana... I!" I "II!;:
Maine..... ."." " '.'.'.'.'.'.
Maryland ."..".........
Massachusetts.. • ;".*.*.. ..........
Michigan .7." .' .7.7. .' ...
Minnesota .' '.'.".
Missouri .7.7.7.7. .......'
Nebraska. .1 .'.".".'.1.'. ..........
New Hampshire... "'".
New Jersey *"
New York.. '.".'"".'.'.
North Carolina.
North Dakota.... ' * * ...........
0hi0........ ** ..
Oregon ".'."" 11...
Pennsylvania...... •"" „;.,.........
Rhode. Island ". .
foutb Dakota. " ' '
South Carolina...... ... ' ...;
Tennessee....
Texas.. . . •••••••••••• •
Virginia II.IIII: * V I."!!!!."!;
Wisconsin ""•" * " :..........
Oklahoma.... "'""" ' ....
District of C01umbia.!";'.*.*!...."... ......
ia
'""&
3
10
7
20
12
16
8
1
i
1
10
14
1
2
2
2
6
88
8
•2
'""s
' ' 2
16
3
' 12
24
......
Objects i to Free Silver.
LITTLE ROCK, Ask., April 26.-Hon.
A. A. Sevier, who has been a strong can
dldate for the Democratic nomination for
Governor, in a card to the public declines
to run, His card closes: .*. " '..V ' ■
Recognizing that State issues In this cam
paign are being wholly disregarded or ob
scured by the all-absorbing silver question and
feeling that I am not in accord with the pre
vailing idea that we should refuse support to
the nominee of the Chicago conven tlon unless
he should be a free-silver man upon a free
silver platform, I retire from the canvass.
CONGRESSIONAL BUSINESS.
Numerous Important Measures Hanging
Fire in Both Houses on Account of
Appropriation Bills.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 26.— 1t is
probable that the general pension bill
will be brought to a vote to-morrow under
the operation of an order to be reported by
the Committee on Rules. General Hen
derson, chairman of the Committee on Ju
diciary, expects that the House will then
take up the bankruptcy bill and discuss it
for two or three days.
Babcock, chairman of the District of Co
lumbia Committee, to which committee
Monday's session is assigned, says
that if deprived of that day's session the
committee will insist upon some other day
in the week in which to press District
bills.
Aside from the pension and bankruptcy
bills on the programme of the House it is
uncertain what will be done, and every
thing is dependent upon developments
from day to day.
The Senate will probably continue to
devote most of its time to the considera
tion of the appropriation bills, being far
oehind the House in the disposition of
these bills. Hale will call up the Naval
bill to-morrow. Frye expects to ."eport
the River and Harbor bill either tomor
row or Tuesday at the latest, and it is the
expectation that both the bills will be
passed before the week Is ended.
Sherman will renew his attempt to se
cure the passage of the bill to repeal the
free alcohol for the arts clause of the tariff
bill. Should he do so, Senators Lodge.
Chandler, Piatt, Pritchard and others will
vigorously oppose him, and it is openly
said that if this matter should be pressed
it will involve an indefinite prolongation
of the session and the opening of a general
tariff discussion.
Meanwhile Peffer*s bond resolution, now
divested of nearly all its salient features,
holds its place as the unfinished business,
giving way from day to day for the consid
eration of appropriation bills.
Wednesday Vilas will present resolutions
accepting the statue of Pere Marquette and
will make a speech on the resolutions.
SUNDAY BASEBALL STOPPED.
Indianapolis Officials Prevent a Game
'3 3 on the Sabbath.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., April 26.— The
fate of Sunday baseball was definitely set
tled to-day when the Sheriff with _ big
force of deputies prevented the game that
had been scheduled between Indianapolis
and Grand Rapids. Fully 7000 people
gathered to see the game, and in order to
keep within the law no admission was
charged; but the Sheriff was obdurate and
threatened to arrest, every man who at
tempted to play ball. Nothing was left
for the managers but to explain matters
to the angry crowd and call the game off.
There will probably be no further at
tempts to play Sunday ball in Indianapo
lis, and under the Western League rule
the Sunday games scheduled here will be
played elsewhere.
ON THE DIAMOND.
Cincinnati Beats Chicago and St. Louis
Takes Louisville's Measure: '
CINCINNATI, Ohio. April 26.— Dwyer's
superb pitching at critical stages, aided by
errors on the part of Chicago, enabled the
home team to win an easy victory this
afternoon. Burkes fielding was the fea
ture of the game. Attendance 10,000.
Score : ,■ ;. *
Cincinnati* « 0 3 000 10 2— ll 12 0
Übicasos. 200010000— 12 6
Batteries — Dwyer and Vausrhn; Thornton,
Griffith and Kiltredge. Umpire— Sheridan.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 26.— The Browns
got their hits to-day when the Colonels
were making errors. Parrott was out
pitched by Smith, but had better support.
Attendance 10,000. Score:
St. Louis 22100001*-6 9 1
Loulsvillts 011000100—3 1 6
Batteries— Parrott and McKarland, Smith and
Boyle. Umpire— Kmslie.
Tennis Finals at Del Monte.
DEL MONTE, Cal., April 26.— The an
nual tennis tournament for the champion
ship of this section of the State was held
at Del Monte this afternoon. The final
was won by A. W. Jones Jr., ex-champion
of Santa Clara and Monterey counties.
Santa Cruz Team Wins.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 26.— The
Santa Cruz baseball nine beat the San Jose
team at Vue de l'Eau Park to-day by a
score of 10 to 6. The grounds were in fane
condition and the weather was perfect.
NEWS OF MARE ISLAND.
The Concord and Bennington to
Be Overhaul at the
Navy-Yard.
Enlistments of Men to Form the
Battle-Ship Oregon's Crew Are
Being Made.
VALLEJO. Cal., April Chief Engi
neer George F. Kutz, who has been in
charge of the department of steam engi
neering for the past three years and has
reached the age of retirement, will in a
few weeks be detached from active duty
and take up his residence with his family
in Alameda. Chief Engineer Trilley, well
known at this station, having been on the
Monterey and one of the cruisers on this
coast, will be given charge of the depart
ment made vacant by the detachment of
Chief Kutz. .-. , .< .
The gunboats Concord and Petrel are ex
pected at the yard within the next week
or two. As each is in need of extensive re
pairs the vessels will be placed out of com
mission and a number of the crew retained
for the Oregon. Quite a number of men
have already been secured for the battle
ship at the recruiting station at San Fran
cisco. Stores are on the way from the
East and at the yard many articles have
been laid out preparatory to being put
aboard on its arrival at the yard.
The blacksmith-shop was almost deluged
with water during the heavy rain of
Thursday night. The old shingles had
been removed to be replaced with new, bo
Pluvius had a fair sweep and made the
most of it. , ■* :
The Thetis will remain at the yard for
some months. The officers and men all
seem to be glad to get back to tbe station
after their survey work down the coast.
About $23,000 was disbursed by the
yard paymaster yesterday to the em
ployes. A number of additional me
chanics have been set to work within the
past few days. The number will be largely
increased before long to work on the Balti
more and other large ships. A force is
still employed on the woodwork of the
Hartford, and after July, when the new
appropriations are available, the number
will b«4 increased not only in the construc
tive but the steam engineering department,
where it is very quiet at present. '
The Monadnock looks as neat and clean
as can 3 be, the | crew taking especial care
that every bit of bright work shines like a
new - dollar. It has ; hauled out in the
stream ready for sea. 3
WILD SCENES IN
A BURNING HOTEL
The Old Bridge House at
Moline, 111., Destroyed
This Morning.
A YOUNG MAN PERISHES.
Slumbering Guests Aroused and
Scramble for the Streets in
Night Robes.
THE STAIRWAY EXIT IS CUT OFF
Women Leap From Windows Before
Ladders Could Be Placed for
Their Rescue.
MOLINE, 111., April 27.— One man was
burned to death, several persons were in
jured, and many more had narrow escapes
from cremation when the old Bridge
House was destroyed by fire early this
morning. A panic among the guests
added to the excitement and danger.
William Sage lost his life, Nellie Swan
son, a domestic, and John West, a black
emith, were badly injured.
The house was a frame hostelry of un
certain age.
The fire was discovered on the ground
floor about 2 o'clock by a night watchman.
It was burning fiercely and the slumber
ing tenants, all of whom were on the upper
floors, were in extreme peril. The watch
man battered on the doors and yelled
"Fire to arouse the inmates.
His outcries had the effect of arousing
and stampeding the guests, nearly all
of whom bolted for the street in their
nightclothing. The doors were , broken
down, and a few of the persons inside
escaped by the stairway and regular exits.
. The greater portion, however, speedily
found the stairways cut off by flames and
smoke. The women ran screaming about
the upper hallways, and finally threw
themselves headlong from the windows
before ladders could be placed. The fire
men did all that was possible, but the ra
pidity of the flames made it impossible for
them to do much in ihe work of rescue.
Mrs. Steve Walters, wife of the proprie
tor of the hotel, escaped with great diffi
culty through the flames and climbed
down on a long plank placed against the
side of the building.
William Sage, the young man who was
burned to death, was an orphan, 18 years
old. His remains were found at 5 o'clock
this morning in such a position that it
was evident that he died in his room.
TULARE'S ROSE FESTIVAL
Energetic Women Have Charge
V of Arrangements for the
Flower Show.
Methcd by Which the Queen Will Ba
Clio:en Is Kept a Guar-'ei
Secret.
TULARE, Cal., April 26.— As the time
approaches for holding the annual flower
carnival the interest in the success of the
undertaking increases. The flower show
last year was a success in every way.
Mrs. A. Borders, the queen, with her aids,
held sway for two days, and all loyal
Tulareans remember with pleasure her
reign amid the blossoms.
Year by year Tulare is becoming more
and more a city of roses, and no town in
the interior can excel her magnificent dis
play of lovely floral products. This year
the carnival is to be held on Friday and
Saturday, May 1 and 2, and a somewhat
different plan is to be adopted in the se
lection of a queen. The arrangements are
wholly in the hands of Tnlare's energetic
women the Ladies' Auxiliary. In 1895
these untiring ladies did much to make
the carnival a success, and also added a
goodly sum to its treasury.
It is understood that the selection of
queen is in the hands of the members of
the Tulare Cornet band, and a good deal
of dignified mystery is involved in the
plan for the oncoming \ fiesta. Whatever
method may be pursued it may be safely
anticipated that the rose carnival will
easily surpass any former affair of the
kind held in Tulare. 77.
The exhibit of flowers next week will
be a gorgeous one. The town will be dec
orated, the hall be transformed into a
ower of lovely blossoms, the queen will
be crowned and all Tulare will be in gala
attire.
SELMA HONORS HER DEAD.
Masons Bear the Body of Monroe
Snyder, a Pioneer Miner, to
the Grave. ,>'•.*"„.■'
SELMA, Cal., April Monroe Sny
der, a pioneer and one of the oldest Masons
in the State, was buried here to-day with
Masonic honors. , The funeral was one of
the largest ever attended in Fresno.
Friends of the deceased were present from
all parts of the county .3
Mr. Snyder was a native of Holmes
County, Ohio, and aged 67 years. His an
cestors came over in the Mayflower, and
the family records bear the names of many
heroes of the revolution. He came to
California in 1852 and experienced the
usual vicissitudes of pioneer placer mining
in the northern counties of the State.
Later he engaged in farming in -Yolo
County. He was the first City Marshal of
Woodland. He came to Fresno County
twenty-three years ago and settled on a
tract of Government land, where he died.
The tract is now a part of the town of
Selma. He returned to Ohio in 1862 and
married, a widow and seven children sur
viving him. 77J77i;^Z7c7.
Butte County's Delegates.
CHICO, Cal., April 26.— The following
Republican delegates were elected yester
day in Butte County : to attend the State
Convention at Sacramento on May 5:
Delegate-at-large, W. P. Hammon ; district
delegates— O. L. Clark, George Miller, H.
C.Bell, John Gale, William James. Levy
Cobn, N. P. Stow, W. L. Cress, William
Thomas and Dr. Thompson. ■'.«,
Tulare County's Loss.
VIBALIA, Cal., April Hon. J. C.
Brown died at his home near Exeter yes
terday, aged 1 75. Mr. Brown represented
Tulare County at the convention that
framed the new State constitution.
UU Nifty- TO-DAY.
tStmts
j*rom
a __x_r/_?y
Store /
Our 9/ew Siook for Shop-
piny by 71/ ail wilt be ready
shortly for distribution. Sts
payes are replete with our
very newest styles, clearly
illustrated.
XJhis booh will briny you
closer in touch with the biy
store's doinys than any of
our former boohs for out-
of-town shoppers.
Si's an up-to-date yath-
eriny of yood thinys from
our many departments.
TJhe prices quoted have but
- one intent and purpose and
that is to capture your
trade.
Send us your name and
address and we wilt mail
the booh to you free of any
chary c.
jfddress
97fail Order Department,
Raphael *s
(Sncorporated),
TJhe Frisco SSoys,
9, 11, 13, IS Steamy Street.
GRAND EXCURSION
TO- —
Auction Sale!
nUbilUli dale i
AT SAN MATEO,
BY THE SAN HATEO LARD ASSOCIATION,
ON SATURDAY. MAY 2,
At 11 O'Clock A. M.
255 Choice Suburban Residence
Lots and Villa Sitae,
—ON
San Mateo Heights
The Most Beautiful Residence Portion
of the Growing
CITY OF SAN MATEO.
The streets are graded, the sidewalk*
curbed, trees and palms planted. A
modern sanitary sewerage system has
just been completed. Water-mains are
now being laid and electric-light wires
put up. -\.r- ■'
Improvements Complete and Up to Date.
LARGE LOTS,
50 to 200 it. Frontage, 150 to 225 ft Deep.
Terms of Sale: One-Fourth Cash.
Balance in 1, 2 and 3 Years.
. A deposit of 10 per cent will be required at the
sale aDd the remainder of cash payment within
thirty days thereafter, interest at 8 per cent.
REMEMBER THE DATE!
SATURDAY, Tl AY 2, 1896.
AT 11 O'CLOCK A. M.
Special train will leave Ban Francisco from
depot, corner Third and Townnend streets, at 10
o'clock a.m. Returning, wll leave San Mateo at
4:30 p. ... Fare, San Francisco to San Mateo and
return, 60c. Tickets for sale by William Butter-
field, second floor, Crocker Building, and on morn-
ing of May 2at depot. For full partlcalars.maps,
etc,, address office at
San Mateo Land* Association, or
WILLIAM BTJTXERFIKLD, Auction-
eer, second .floor, Crocker Building,
San -Francisco.
<j*_Ss&S
OOCTORSWEANY.
ME IS ACKNOWLEDGED TO BE THE MOST
* * successful Specialist of the age in the
treatment of all . Nervous. Chronic and Private
diseases of both sores. Lost Manhood, Vital
Losses, Exhausting Drains, lmpotency and
?l l^tn I »*J I_f?1 _f?- rderso< YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED
and OLD MEN a life-long study and practice,
Special attention given to diseases of the Eye,
Ear, Head Heart, Throat, Stomach. Liver and
Bowels ; Kidney, Bladder and Urlnarv Organ...
Frompt and perfect cures guaranteed. The
worthy poor of the city are welcome to his best
professional services on Friday afternoons of
every week, free and without cost. Call or
write. Offices permanently located
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.HUSE RETURNED
TO HIGHLANDS.
The Aged Jurist's Struggle
for Liberty Ends in
Failure.
IS DECLARED INSANE.
Judge Otis Decides That It Would
Be Unwise to Release
the Patient.
A VICTIM OF DELUSIONS.
Cruelties Charged Against Attendants
Found to Have Been Im
aginary.
SAN BERNARDINO. Cal., "April 26.—
Judge Huse must remain in an insane
asylum. The fight for freedom which the
aged jurist, backed by his friend and attor-
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF LOS OSOS PARLOR, NATIVE SONS OF THE GOLDEN WEST, OF SAN LUIS OBISPO.
ney, F. F. Galardo, has been making came
to an end yesterday. After an examination
which has been stretched out for more
than a month, in which, every detail of
the remarkable case has been gone into
with the utmost minuteness. Judge Otis
rendered a decision which remanded Judge
H»3e to the Highlands institution.
The case has been stubbornly fought
from the first; no similar hearing in any
court has ever been more thoroughly in
vestigated, and in the opinion, which
Judge Otis was an hour in delivering, he
reviewed every .feature of the case, dispos
ing of the grounds on which the petition
was founded and ended by denying the
writ
Judge Otis stated that all other consider
ations would be laid aside in the decision
except the question as to .whether Judge
Huse was now insane and, if so, whether
to an extent that would make it unwise to
release him. The court took up the vari
ous delusions attributed to Judge Huse,
and admitted them one by one.
Judge Otis declined to class the belief on
the part of Judge Huse that he had vast
property interests as a delusion, for the
reason that it had not been proved to be
a mistake. When it came to the question
of the broken ribs which Huse insisted he
sustained at Highlands, Judge Otis said
that from the testimony of physicians this
was a delusion, since an examination de
veloped no evidence of such injury.
The court elaborated -on some of the
other alleged delusions, upon the habits
and idiosyncrasies of Judge Huse, and
finally gave it as his opinion that it would,
be unwise to release him. At the same
time Judge Otis stated that he had rareiy
seen in court or elsewhere such a remark
able memory and evidence of strong men
tality, and few attorneys at the bar were
able to conduct an examination with more
ability or state a legal point more clearly
than had the insane jurist.
SAN JOSE'S FLORAL HALL
The Great Carnival of Roses
Pavilion Ready for the
Opening.
Tons of Flowers of Every Hue and
,•;':.; Variety Used in the Dccc
rations.
I
' SAN JOSE, Cal., April 26.— great
Carnival of Roses Pavilion is About com
pleted, and will be formally opened Friday
evening by a ball by the Knights of Pyth
ias. The pavilion is 125 by 200 feet in di
mensions and was erected at a cost of
$10,000. The main floor, exclusive of the
space allotted to booths, will Beat 3500,
and the gallery will seat 2400 more. With
the booths' removed there will be a seating
capacity of 7500. It is provided with a
stage of 75 ' feet frontage and a depth of 36
feet. ... .' ... . * .-:, ..
The pavilion will be magnificently dec
orated for the carnival.' The interior of
the building will be almost entirely, cov
ered with evergreens; and redwood foliage,
and upon the background will be beautiful
floral decorations. On the opening day of
the carnival roses will form the chief dec
orations,' and the pillars and other por
tions of the building will be profusely cov
ered by these flowers. On the other days
there will be decorations of sweet peas,
marigolds and other flowers. To make im
pressive effects there will be great masses
of the same kind of flowers in all available
positions. Banks of flowers of gorgeous
hue like marigolds, for instance, will pro
duce striking effects.
The great ceiling of the pavilion will be
a wide expanse of evergreen and floral dis
play. The effect can be better imagined
than described, and the reality will far ex
ceed all expectations. Around the stage a
beautiful sunburst effect will be produced
with flowers of different colors. This de
sign is especially artistic, it being in so
prominent a position in front of the great
multitude thai will throng the hall during
the four days of the fete.
There will also be many flags, carnival
colors and bunting generally in the inter
ior of the building. The exterior will be
elaborately decorated with evergreens,
flowers and flags. The pavilion, as being
the center of interest in the carnival, twill
fully realize in appearance the high antici
pation that the people of San Jose and the
visitors from abroad may form of it.
Work on the Arch of Carnival on the
Alameda, near the narrow-gauge depot,
has 1 begun, and during the coming week
the erection of the other arches will be
commenced. There will be other arches
at Third and Santa Clara streets, First and
San Antonio streets and on First and Bas
sett streets, near the broad-gauge depot.
Besides these it is believed there will be
several arches erected by private citizens.
The arch on First and Bassett streets will
be very fine- and of an imposing nature.
It will" be called the Ladies' Arch of Wel
come. The background will be white, sur
mounted by a beautiful female figure. The
arch will be decorated elaborately with
floral wreaths contributed by the ladies of
San Jose. It is certain that a very novel
and beautiful effect will be produced.
There is to be a pleasing variety in the
forms and decorations of the arches. Each
will have a different design, and the line
of march will be so arranged as to pass
under all of them. ' All the arches besides
the floral decorations will be made bril
liant with the carnival colors, flags and
lanterns. It is the design to make the
arches the important features that they
should be in the decoration of the city for
the great fete.
Farmer* to Hold a Picnic.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 26.— San Jose
Grange will give a picnic at Agricultural
Park on Wednesday, May 20. Invitations
have been extended to the general farming
public of Santa Clara County, and the
granges of Watsonville, Temescal, Eden,
Highland and Pescadero will be. repre
sented. Worthy Master W. W. Greer of
the State Grange will deliver an address.
THE YOSEMITE TRAGEDY.
Neighbors of Lambert, the Murdered
Entomologist, Charge the Crime
to Indians.
MERCED, Cal., April 26.— J. H. Red
mond,, Coroner of Mariposa County, was
here . to-day, on his way to San Luis
Obispo to attend the Grand' Parlor of
Native Sons. He had just returned from
near the Yosemite Valley, whither he had
been called to hold an inquest on the body
of J. B. . Lambert, the entomologist, who
was found dead in his cabin last Sunday
by : Indians. The inquest developed the
fact that Lambert died from a gunshot
wound in the head. From the condition
of the body it is surmised that he had been
dead about two weeks. The one who com
mitted the murder closed and locked the
cabin door on the outside with a padlock.
It. is hard- to assign a motive for the
deed, as Lambert was a poor man and was
quiet and inoffensive, having had no
known enemies. His neighbors charge
the murder to Indians.
Lambert was a chum of John Muir when
the latter was pursuing his studies of the
glaciers in the Yosemite Valley some
years ago. • ' - _ ■
WEDDED AT CLOVERItALB.
Miss Lizzie Caughey Becomes the Wife of
; 3r,f William Bishop.
CLOVERDA.LE, Cal., April 26.— The
marriage of William Bishop to Miss Lizzie
Caughey at the Methodist Church at 3
o'clock this afternoon was a notable event
in Cloverdale's social circles. The cere
mony was performed by the Rev. G. M.
Richmond of Williams. The bride is the'
daughter of A. Caughey, a leading Clover
dale citizen. William Bishop is a son of
Raymond Bishop, ** prominent real estate
man of Eureka. A large number wit
nessed the ceremony. The popular couple
will reside in Eureka.
The Grant Detained at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 26.— Owing to
needed repairs which are being made at
Moran Brothers' dry-dock the revenue cut
ter Grant will not accompany the Bering
Sea fleet, which will sail northward under
command- of j Captain C. L. Hooper on
Monday or Tuesday. " It is expected that
the Grant will be in shape to leave on its
northern trip by May 5. The * several cut
ters constituting the fleet coaled here the
latter part of last week.
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, Am 27, 1896;
SAN LUIS THE
NATIVE'S MECCA
Becomes the Capital of
the Golden West for
a Week.
VISITORS POURING IN.
Given a Hearty Greeting by
the Citizens of the
Town.
ADVENTURES ON THE ST. PAUL
Three Exciting Incidents Attend the
Voyage of a Party of
Delegates.
. SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., April 26.— A
little railroad runs in from the sea, making
its way fourteen miles among the hills.
There is a railroad from the north, with
San Francisco a nine hours' ride away,
and there is a road that extends down
through the county and leaves passengers
at the beginning of the forty-mile stage
route from Los Olivos to Santa Barbara.
Yet San Luis Obispo, the sunny little
town encircled by high, green hills, seems
shut away from the rest of the world, and
it is easy for the dreamer to here forget
the noise, the hurry aud confusion of life
in the business towns.
This Sunday morning was bright and
beautiful as the sun climbed over those
eastern hills. There • never was more
glorious weather in any land. There could
not have been a more quiet spot on earth
up to the hour of the morning ringing of
the Mission bells. But a change soon
came. The Native Sons of the Golden
West are to meet in convention here to
morrow, and San Luis Obispo is the capital
of the Golden West this week. So the
townspeople arose at the ringing of the
early bell and resumed the work of dec
orating their homes and places of busi
ness. The rain of Friday and Saturday
had necessitated postponement, which is
the apology given for the seeming viola
tion of Sabbath rule in this Sabbath-like
town. '7y;-7C7
The natives have chosen San Luis Obispo
as their meeting place for the first time,
and the people are making great endeav
ors to give them an appropriate reception.
At 8 o'clock this morning the military
band marched in uniform to the railroad
station. It played a lively air of welcome
when a large delegation of the natives ar
rived . from the steamer St. Paul, and it
played again to greet delegates who came
on the Southern train. X* I " V
Most of the people w ho were • passengers
on the St. Paul had been at the flower fes
tivals in Santa Barbara . and Los Angeles.
Their voyage up the coast from San Pedro
was enlivened. by several unusual inci
dents, and these incidents are being relat
ed to everybody in San Luis Obispo to-day.
At San Pedro,- there was a wedding. Mrs.
Kate Parcell of San Francisco, a woman of
middle age, arrived on the St. Paul to meet
a man whose matrimonial advertisement
she had answered. * She waited on board
the steamer until her prospective husband
called and introduced himself. There
was a public declaration of mutual satis
faction, and then as the man. and woman
started away to find a clergyman the
ship's entire stock of rice followed, with
the good wishes of the Native Sons.
\ When the steamer turned out from
| Santa Barbara, a tramping crook," without
ticket or money/was encountered by Mate
Hall. A combination like that always
causes trouble.' The steamer stopped and
backed up, and the tramp was hoisted out
over the railing! .*■." Dangling at the end of
the rope, me man was swung high in the
air and then lowered. . He missed the dock
by about two feet and the • bath that he
received was something to which he was
unaccustomed.
.' An hour later, when the St. Paul was
plowing iat full speed through the quiet
sea and three or four miles out from the
point on which the lighthouse stands, the
fire alarm was '* sounded. The f mate ran
forward, the chief engineer jumped to his
post and every officer and member of the
crew responded hurriedly to the summons
,of i the whistle and bell. • The steame /
;- ---yy- -■■■ ■
stopped. It was, of course, only the usual
fire drill, which is practiced on every voy
age of the steamer to keep the officers and
crew well trained in the lowering of the
boats and in fire duty. But there was an
entirely unexpected outcome of this drill.
Down . in the steerage were six big,
brawny man-of-warsmen from Admiral
Beardslee's flagship, the Philadelphia.
These exceptionally able seamen had
served their time in the navy, .and
still in their blue uniforms, they were
on ! their \ way to San Francisco, either to
ship again or be discharged.
After remaining three hours ashore at
Santa Barbara they had brought a supply
of beverages aboard the ship and the sup
ply was about exhausted when the fire
alarm was sounded. The sailors knew the
signal and every man of them went up the
ladderway as only a sailor can. On deck
they found officers and crew briskly
getting the boats ready to lower, and not
comprehending that it was only a drill
they jumped at the ropes. '■ One of them
lost his round lettered cap overboard in
the exciting rush. One additional sailor
of the flagship variety at each boat made
the drill a highly successful one, but it was
a wonder that the boats did not get into
the water before the earnest wort of the
big marines could be stopped.
At Gaviota, where the St. Paul touched
last evening, the Brazilian gypsies were
encountered. The gypsies were encamped
near the wharf and they besieged the ship,
begging vociferously, even ferociously, in
Spanish. They declared that their "chil
dren were starving, and they had as large
an assortment of youngsters as could be
found on any road. They clamored for
money, and if a man gave them a nickel
they insisted on getting silver. A dime
only emboldened them to ask in their ap-
pealing Spanish for another and a quarter
of a dollar brought the plea that the gift
be doubled.
In the line of energetic, turbulent, pro
fessional begging and fortune-telling, the
women of this band cannot be equaled in
America. The men merely look on and
take care of the horses and the > camp
equipage. 3 .\
In conversation with a Call representa
tive the leaders denied that they had
stolen from the people of Santa Barbara
or that they had committed any depreda
tions in California. They said that they
had traveled from Brazil by way of the
Isthmus and they were bound for San
Francisco. They could not tell what they
would do at San Francisco, but is ap
parent that gypsy life is their permanent
condition.
The number of the adults appeared to
be from thirty to fifty, but not all were in
camp, and the statements they made were
conflicting. A lot of children were play
ing about the camp and more were stowed
away in the wagons. One young woman
was asked how much of a family she had.
Replying that she had ten children, who
incidentally were starving, she , was re
warded* with a dime. Instantly she as
serted that she had fifteen— ten boys and
five girls— and she begged accordingly for
another nickel.
These gypsies, if gypsies they should be
called, are a poor, degraded-looking lot
The women arc dressed raggedly and they
travel without shoes.' The band is headed
for San Luis Obispo, and the local authori
ties will be asked to keep them out of
town during convention week.
, This evening's train from San Francisco
was an hour late, and, the main body of
delegates did not arrive until 6:30 o'clock.
The whole' town had turned out to meet
the visitors, and a hundred or more of the
Native Daughters were in the throng.
The engines hauled the Native Sons' train
to the station, and white the 250 delegates
and their friends were alighting the music
of the valiant brass band was lost in the
cheering. There were greetings and hand-
throughout all |the crowd, and
then a line was formed and a march to
the headquarters of the order was 4 begun,
the Fifth Regiment band assisting the
local organization.
j "Viva los osos!'' was the cry along the
street, and by the Spanish name of the
bears was meant the natives. Everybody
shouted the motto, while the procession
of men, women and children ; filled the
sidewalks and roadway for a third of a
mile. The motto is suspended over each
of the 'central streets, and it is illustrated
by broad representatives 'of the grizzly,
realistic in size and color. The bear is the
general emblem here, and "Viva los osos"
will long remind the Natives of 'their con
vention in San Luis Obispo.
This evening was given up to the « infor
mality ;of individual welcomings. '• The
opening session of the grand parlor will be
held to-morrow forenoon. On Tuesday
forenoon the parade will be held, with the
line organized as follows: < - .' ,"
Grand Marshal J. W. Cook and aids.
. Fred Steele Post No. 70, G. A. R.
-' Veteran Firemen.*
Board of Supervisors 'n carriages.
•*.■•'■* Artillery Band.
Chorro Lodge No. 168, Independent Order of
Odd Fellows.
Hijtuera Lodge No. 194, Ancient Order United
. Workmen. ' ' . 7771
'Fortv-ninc float.
Elks and float (B. P. O. Elks No. 322).
Beneficia Lucia Council No. 4C, Y. M. I.
..... ... City Council in carriage.
Float of the ladies oi San Luis Obispo.
Fifth Regiment Bana of San Jose.
Visiting pariors of Native Sons.
Delegates. *** •■•**'
Float of California.
Grand President F. H. Dunne, Grand Vice-
President 11. C. Gesford, Grand Secretary H.
Lunstedt. Grand Treasurer 11. S. Martin, in
open hack drawn by four horses. '
Board of grand officers and past grand presi
dents. '
Los Osos Parlor No. 61, Native Sons of the
Golden West. "*;:•"!";•:
Fire Department
v.**-' Bicycle clubs. j**
Citizens in carriages and on horseback.
A reception to the ladies will be given
to-morrow afternoon. There will be a
band concert in the afternoon and a fire
works display at night. The j programme
for the other days is as follows:
Wednesday— Excursion to Port Harford
and Sycamore Sulphur Springs: free bar
becue at Sycamore Springs; ball at Hotel
Ramona and band concert at night.
Thursday — Convention I session ; band
concerts, afternoon and night.
Friday— Excursion to Los Olivos.
Los Osos Parlor, which has the honor of
entertaining the Grand Parlor this year,
was instituted on April 4, 1885, with thir
ty-seven charter members. G. W. Mc-
Pherson of Stockton Parlor No. 7 was dis
trict deputy, and organized and installed
the new uarlor, with the assistance of C.
G. Hinds of Stockton Parlor No. 7 and W.
P. Veuve of San Jose Parlor No. 22.
Messrs. Hinds and Veuve joined the char
ter members by card. Ernest Graves was
its first president. The name for the new
parlor was " the next thing to be consid
ered, 'and after a short discussion Los
Osos was decided upon, the name being
historic and also pertaining to the em
blem of tbe Native Sons of the Golden
West It was derived from the Canada de
los Osos, a valley west of this City, which
was ■in early days ' overrun by bears, and
the first padres of the Mission gave the
canyon its significant name, "The Valley
of the Bears." The parlor has held its
own since its organization and gone
steadily along, and to-day has a member
ship of sixty in good standing. This is a
good record, when it is taken into consid
eration that there are a number of other
lodges here. The past presidents for the
last few years have been : J. B. Blake, H.
,E. McKennon, E. M. Payne, R. E. Lee, J.
F. Fiedler, J. W. o' Sullivan. M. R. de la
Guerra is president of the parlor at pres
ent, and has also been a past president.
T. J. Bowen, the secretary of the parlor,
has held his office since July, 1890.
J.B.Blake is favorably mentioned as
one of the foremost candidates for the
position of grand trustee from this City.
VISALIA SAFE-CRACKERS.
Robbers Blow Open the Puget
Sound Lumber Company's
Strong-Box.
They Carry Away but a Small Sum
in Money and the Office
Type iter.
VIS ALIA, Cal.', April 26. —Safe-blowers
made a successful onslaught on a safe in
the Puget Sound Lumber Company's office
at 2 o'clock this morning. Not satisfied
with tbe small sum it - contained— only
$16 the cracksmen carried away a type
writer (machine). '
When Manager Cither approached the
office at 11 o'clock to-day he noticed that
the inside blinds were down, and at once
surmised that something was wrong. On
opening the door he saw the wreck. One
half stick of giant powder and a small tin
tube were all that was left by the robbers
for the officers to work on, unless the size
and shape of a No. 9 footprint that was
found in the yard will be of any use.
While one or more of the* cracksmen
were at work on the safe their team was
hitched outside, and a confederate was on
the lookout. Several residents living near
heard the noise when the strong box was
blown open, but thought it was a pile of
lumber falling before the wind. Night
Watchman Byrd also heard the noise.
Thinking it was made by the closing of an
iron door in the rear of a mercantile house
he made an investigation. The team was
heard going down the street, and then all
was quiet. ■ '• ■ -
VISIT SAN CARLOS MISSION.
Eastern Members of the Hoteimen's Asso-
ciation Entertained at the Pic
turesque '. Grounds.
DEL MONTE, Cal., April 26.— sev
enteenth excursion of the Hotel
men's Mutual Benefit Association, which
left the East two weeks ago, has proven to
be the most successful since the organiza
tion of the association. To-day the hap
piness of the party reached its zenith.
The main feature • of the 'program rue was
the trip around IS the famous seventeen
mile cypress-drive. The weather was de
lightful and old Sol shone in all his glory
on the heads of 500 of California's guests
and their entertainers., 3 . „
Coaches; carriages and tally-hos began
to arrive from every direction at 9 o'clock
this morning to convey, the people around
the drive. ,v At 12 .o'clock' the party re
turned and the strangers gave vent to
their enthusiasm by. three long and hearty
cheers or ■■'. Manager -Arnold, Mr. Douty
and Mr. Bowers. ♦■ . * '.■
All afternoon the tankhonse was filled
with bathers, while \ others enjoyed the
beautiful walks, the. missions and the
beach; 3-3V3*;'-.3' - .'•*/*
This afternoon Father Maestro? of the
San Carlos Mission invited, the Fox-Wil-
COX party , to see the mission. Father
Maestros recently arrived from Spain and
proved a most interesting host. He showed
the guests many old relics and gave remi
niscences of the. Franciscan days of Cali
fornia. The party . included • Horace Fox
and wife and Miss Fox of New York; Jew
ett Wilcox and wife, Miss Wilcox and
Miss Estella Meyers, of Chicago; Miss B.
Noble, Riverside, and H. O. Rodgers of
San Francisco. To-night a sacred concert
was given in the parlors of the Del Monte,
while G. Wharton James of Pasadena en
tertained the visitors in the ballroom with
a short illustrated lecture on their South
ern California trip.
The party will "leave in the morning for
the Big Trees at Santa Cruz, whence it
starts lor Salt Lake and Chicago.
OREGON POPULISTS ACTIVE.
General Weaver to 'Assist in the Coming
7y.t7y. Campaign.
PORTLAND, 0p.., April 26.— The Popu
lists will ; make a 3 determined effort to
carry the State of Oregon at the June elec
tion, and with that end in view are leav
ing no stone unturned. ' The managers of
the party have secured prominent speak
ers from the 'East, who will take the
stump and strive to place the State at the
i head •* of the Populfstic line. . John C.
Young, chairman of the Populist State
Central Committee,* received a telegram
from* General J. B. Weaver from Colfax,
lowa, saying would be here and that
J. H. . Davis of Texas, -J. R. Sovereign,
master workman of the Knights of Labor,
j and Mortimer Whitehead of- New .Jersey
of the National Grange, would follow him.
Senator Mitchell is the Populist choice
for United States Senator. "Free silver at
16 to j 1 and Pennoyer for Mayor" will be
their rallying cry.
NEW TO-DAY.
iffadrit Jr£anda
TJo serve 'em, Such a Jam as there was in
our big juvenile Saturday
exceeded anything that ever occured in the
history of your SSig J£earny~ street Store,
St was that great combination that brought
'cm — even the rain didn't hold 'em back,
jfs a balm for those that couldn't be
waited upon Saturday we've concluded to
continue that offer of ours for . Ttfonday
and TJuesday, but not beyond.
Combine Tfo. /.
-. _*r^grfy /.£/_<ilß>_y"ffi__l_ _l__S^_j*___Z?**^>. *$_ *
„__►* J&x.^" ■"'• jSB__SB ™« i§&B epSrrWs _BB__^ttl____
?_.*?. HckjMißß*" '^BShI _BB_- --fiS53
Brain ___n_ IhBHH
lsi__K_flSl_3— MM- J-H-iMljjjfffrSißlHi »< Eg j_S_G__S_S____^-
-2/ our pick from an endless variety of pretty
Scotches, suits made in the double-breasted style,
in pretty spriny colorinys, the suits alone selliny at
S3 SO and S4. Jtlso, those pretty fitue and
S3 tack TJwill Cheviots, for tads between the ayes of
S and IS years.
Including a pair of Fine Velvety Corduroy Knee Pants, in
the tan shade.
Including a pair of Brownie Overalls, made from the very
best Denim. 3 v.
Including your pick from some of those swell English Golf
Caps, Yacht Caps or Straw Hats, as you may prefer.
The entire outfit, including Suit, Corduroy Pants, Brownie
Overalls and Golf, Yacht Cap or Straw Hat, as you may prefer,
the entire outfit for Monday and Tuesday at
jAy J*£P^ * A >•<_■ £&__? VJP_r — » -
_^>*_^^__^^^' > n^*Bfl_^_EsßEy**^rtfiß 6*xb jj9 _jss?i's__2 if^ci-^b
BfiUMLCi&i* ** ' l__^_lL __H__ms__l_lß_ mm. j\mM^mas9m^mm\^om\,Jf^7-~^ wBKEsm I
a"i .-;'< o| j t^&mu&mwmw^^Uß[&*&&^\?§&7 /___S_HB_r if 11 V_H
HhHmhSp X Jt-Mtai* tP" t?\ m HE_B3E__m~-<— -____«--'-~' >^9s
Combine Tfo, 2,
Some of our newest Steefer Suits in pretty .
■« -777 Scotches, ' arid in those pretty SSlues and Slacks,
with deep sailor collar, braid on collar, in fact,
some of the cleverest Reefer Suits we have brouyht
■ y out this season, and you know we . handle the
swellest line of yoods in town. TJhey' re in the
Combine.
Including a pair of those Velvety Corduroy Knee Pants, in
the tan shade.
Including. a pair of those cute Brownie Overalls of ours.
lacluding a '.Yacht, Golf Cap or a Straw Hat.
The entire combination representing a bill of goods worth
$6 .50.
• The entire outfit as mentioned above, for Monday and Tues-
day, and for these two days only, at . yy'7'7.:' : .77-7 j.** 3 *<■;;:* : -
-tf/» *__^ j? * £?
~"*0 cX J^D^^
Raphael 's
(Sncorporated),
TJhe Srisco S&oys
9, //, 13 and 15 Jffearny Street.
34
PORTLAND'S RIVAL
TO FAMED ARGUS.
Mrs. O'Neil's Ninth Babe
Sees Through Three
Optics.
GIVEN TRIPLE VISION.
A Well Developed Eye Located
Above the Little One's
Nose.
EACH TINY ORB IS PERFECT.
They Wink and Blink in Unison, and
Do Not Greatly Mar the Child's
Beauty.
PORTLAND, Or., April 26.— A babe that
arrived at the home of W. P. O'Neil, a
railroad man on the West side, ten days
ago to-day, will go through life gifted
with extraordinary foresight, if the pos
session of a third eye counts for anything.
The child has three perfectly developea
optics, two where they ought naturally to
be found, and the third one between them
over the nose. Strangely enough, this dis
neurement does not render it hideous, as
mieht be expected. It blinks just as
naturally with the central eye as with the
others, and seems to see as well with it.
This was Mrs. O'Neil's ninth offspring,
the other eight being healthy, well-de
veloped children. At its birth the babe to
all appearances was but an ordinary in
fant. The nurse, however, noticed that
there was a peculiar little formation just
above the nose. She called the attention
of the doctor to this, but he looked lightly
upon it, expressing an opinion that it did
not amount to anything, and would soon
pass away.
Whatever it was, the formation refused
to disappear, and tbe medical man be
came quite interested. Three days after
the baby made its appearance the doctor
was greatly surprised to notice that what
looked like an eye had formed in the
child's forehead. He called in some of
his brother professionals, and they were
of the unanimous opinion that it was an
eye, and no mistake about it.
Of course the child was too young to
permit of a complete examination, but
the older it grew the more perfectly the
eye developed, until now the third optic is
as clearly developed as the two natural
eves.
PEARL LADD. THE CLEVER CHILD PIANISTE.
PLAYS LIKE AN ARTISTE.
A California Child Who Will
Make Her Debut as a
Pianiste.
Pearl Ladd, a Gifted Child, Who
Numbers Married Ladies Among
Her Pupils.
A little California girl makes her debut
as a professional musician on Wednesday,
who, if early talent goes for anything, will
make a good deal more than a local repu
tation in the years to come.
This child, whose name is Pearl Ladd, is
a bright, self-possessed little person of the
mature age of 12 years. She has chosen as
her instrument the piano, and to excel on
the piano means a great deal in these
days, when nine out of every ten little
girls have a certain amount of pounding
and strumming upon it inflicted upon
them as part of their day's penance in
the way of lessons.
Growi.-up people generally feel a sense
of suspicion and uncanniness when they
hear a child Bay she loves . practicing on
the piano, for they at once have visions of
being compelled to listen to "gems f:om
the classics made easy" ground out with
laborious exactitude. But little Pearl
Ladd really does not play like a child ; her
technique would be considered excellent
even if she were double her age, and then
is a verve and authority about her inter
pretation of pianoforte music that is quite
astonishing in one so young.
The little girl, who scorns to play any
thing in public with notes, has a wide
repertory, which includes the works of a
number of classical composers.
She considers difficult transcriptions
by Liszt as mere recreation and plays
dances by Brahms for pastime. ' For her
self her tastes run more to sonatas, but she
is always willing to consult the tastes of
her hearers, provided that something rea
sonably good i* asked for. .
The child has not yet been heard in pub
lie, and even in private she has been kept
from exhibiting her talent much before
strangers. Her parents have given her
every advantage in the way of lessons and
attending concerts — instance, she did
not miss one of Paderewski's recitals.
But the fame of the child's ability has
spread among her friends and she has had
so many offers of pupils that she has at
last consented to take three. Strange to
say, all Pearl's students are married ladies,
and they are all players of some ability,
who come to their little teacher more for
lessons in style and finish than for tech
nique. i :r :
There is a good deal of magnetism about
Pearl Ladd's playing, which may account
for the desire of other people to learn
from her.
. • "I am not at all nervous," observed the
self-possessed little one, when asked if she
were not afraid to appear before an audi
ence for the first time and give a long
recital without a note of. music.
"Why should I be nervous?" she added
thoughtfully. .''l shall be thinking about
. the music and not of the people. I never
mind playing before any one because it is
the music that really matters."
Miss Ladd, being of an inquiring turn of
mind, asks a few preliminary questions of
I any one who wants to hear her play.just
j to take their musical caliber.
"I don't play all the composers myself
vet," she remarked yesterday, "but I have
heard works by most of the composer*
played by good musicians and I have a
general idea of how the works should be
rendered."
It seemed almost uncanny to hear this
child in a short plaid frock discussing
music as seriously and gravely as if she
were at least 40 years of age. When asked
about Paderewski she replied enthusiasti
cally:
"I like him best in Chopin; his inter
pretation was magnificent, but really
there were some things— l remember
especially a 'Valse Caprice' by Rubin
stein when he altered the notes, because I
remember distinctly how they were
written and he played them differently."
There was something delightfully frank
and unconscious in the way the child pi
aniste talked about the great Polish vir
tuoso. She had no idea of being pedantic.
She adored his genius, but in her childish
way she had formed her own views and
was not going to alter them because Pade
rewski was Paderewski, the greatest living
pianist.
Pearl Ladd has quite made up her mind
that she will devote her life to playing the
piano, and to judge from her talent she
will make a success of it. .
5 RED BLUFF'S CELEBRATION.
All Tehama County Will Make Merry on
the Fourth of July.
RED BLUFF, Cal., April 26.— The gen
eral committee on arrangements for the
celebration to be held In Red Bluff on the
4th of next July held its weekly meeting
last night. The committee on ways and
means reported that subscriptions to the
amount of $1250 had been secured, and it
was estimated that $250 more would be
donated and $250 secured from special de
vices. Efforts will be made to secure at
tendance from all Northern California on
that day.
E. W. Runyon, president of the Bank of
Tehama County, was selected for marshal
of the day; General N. P. Chipman will
deliver the oration. A goddess" of liberty
will be selected by ballot, voting . to com
mence May 4 and close some time in June.
Control a Santa Maria Estate.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 26.— a.
M. Barry and Arthur Fugler were to-day
appointed administrators of the estate of
John Barry, deceased, with bonds in the
sum of $20,000. John Barry recently com
mitted suicide at Santa Maria, leaving a
large estate. .
DUTCH POLITENESS.
Social Etiquette in the Netherlands Is
Peculiar.
Social etiquette in the Netherlands is as
nteresting as it is peculiar, and, in its ex
traordinary manifestations, it is a revela
tion of what constituted the customs of
New York hospitality of two centuries ago.
The French are polite, but their politeness
is nothing as compared with that of the
Dutch. The visitor notices it as soon as he
arrives in the country and as he sees it in
the street salutations. Everybody bows,
nobody nods, and mere touching of the hat
s unknown. As in France, the gentleman
bows first; but, although he may have
bowed for ten years, he is denied the privi
lege of addressing the lady. A bow is given
to every acquaintance.
A Dutchman gives an order to a work
man and takes off his hat with a bow that
would not bring discredit to a dude. If
he meets his neighbor's footman or
kitchen girl, he salutes her as he does her
mistress, and the men servants give their
recognition on meeting ladies. Every one
bbws on passing a house where acquaint
ances reside, and it is amusing to see men
go by and take off their hats at the win
dows—it is quite immaterial whether any
of the family are visible. ' Moreover, ladies
make a polite bend of the whole body as
they pass houses where they visit. Trades
men salute all of their customers. A lady
is bowed to by all of her father's, brother's
or husband's friends, and if a Dutch boy's
father or brother has ever met a lady, that
boy must recognize her. Every man takes
off his hat .to every other man that he
knows, the dustman and the pastor bow
ing as politely as 'wo lord?.— Golden Rule.
Westmeath was in the reign of Henry
VIII separated from Meath or Eastmeath.
It was then much larger, and contained
Longford and part of Kings County. The
McGeoghagans and O'Fallons were the
chief clans.
The Vfby Best Thing to do with a Cold, or a
Bad Cough, is to get rid of ft as soon as possible,
and yon have a safe remedy (or the purpose in
Dr. I). Jayne'a Expectorant, for over half a cen
tury a popular Lung Medicine.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. APRIL 27, !«»«.
HARGROVE LEADS
THE THEOSOPHISTS
Election of the Young Eng
lish Barrister to Suc
ceed W. Q. Judge.
GROWTH OF THE SOCIETY
1 * \ : ■y : 7- : 7-^ : 777 77~:77 :
August Neresheimer Chosen to
Succeed Dr. Buck as Vice-
President.
-IS LIFE WORTH LIVING V
Colonel E. T. Blackmer Answers the
Much-Debated Question With a
Decided Aifirmative.
As predicted in The Call a week ago,
Ernest T. Hargrove was elected yesterday
at New York as president of the Theosoph
ical Society in America.
When this announcement was made at
the meeting of the local society in Red
Men's Hall, on Post street, last evening, it
was received by the very large audience
with general satisfaction.
The convention was formally opened at
New York in the concert hall of Madison
square Garden yesterday morning, and all
of the important occurrences of the as
semblage are given in the following spe
cial dispatch from New York to The Call:
NEW YORK, N. V., April 26.— The second
annual convention of the Theosophical Society
in America began this morning in the concert
hall of Madison-square Garden. The attend
ance was very large, theosophists from all
parts of the United States being present. Act
ing President Dr. J. D. Buck of Cincinnati was
elected permanent chairman.
The committee on resolutions and 'auditing
were then appointed, after which Claude Falls
Wright read the president's annual report. It
recited the fact that despite the international
differences among the theosophists there were
to-day 108 branches in tne American society,
as against 102 last year. The report dealt in
general terms principally with the marked
progress made, and urged continued effort on
the lines laid down by the late President
Judge.
Treasurer August Neresheimer's report
showed receipts d -ring the year of $8699, and
a balance on hand of $1000.
At the afternoon session the several commit
tees, including the committee on resolutions,
reported, the first resolution being adopted by
a standing vote. This was eulogistic of the
late William Q. Judge and his work.
The resolutions pledge the lives of the mem
bers to the completion of the work he under
took. There were several other resolutions,
referring more especially to the work of the
society. These were adopted, and then came
one which excited opposition, and it went over
for further consideration. The cause in the
resolution which caused objection was to the
effect that the society condemned the practice
of vivisection and hypnotism, the latter being
characterized as a practice of Ignorant per
sons teaching and experimenting upon other
ignorant people. Dr. A. P. Buchman of Fort
Wayne began a speech of objection when, on
motion, the resolution was referred back to
the committee.
Chairman Buck then called E. L. Rambo to
the chair and he nominated Ernest T. Har
grove of London, England, for president of the
society. He was enthusiastically elected, the
secretary casting the ballot of the convention.
August Nsresheimer of Bavaria was next
unanimously elected vice-president and treas
urer, and Claude Falls Wright, A. H. Spencer,
H. D. Patterson, Dr. A. P. Buchman, Dr. J. D.
Buck and Dr. Jerome Anderson were elected
as an executive committee for the ensuing
year.
At the conclusion of the afternoon session a
proclamation was read and adopted, stating in
part that the society joins hands with all re
ligions and religious bodies whose effort is di
rected to the purification of men's thoughts
and the bettering of their ways, and avows its
harmony therewith, and invites to its member
ship all those who, seeking a higher life here
after, would learn to know the path to tread in
this.
The evening session was principally devoted
to theaelivery of addresses.
Mr. Hargrove, the newly elected president, is
the son of James S. Hargrove, a London so.
licitor, and is a member of the same profession.
He has spent considerable time in this coun
try, lecturing on theosophy.
The meeting of the local society last
evening was an extremely interesting one,
and the hall proved almost Inadequate to
accommodate the attendance. Dr. Allen
Griffith, State lecturer for the society,
opened the meeting by a lucid explanation
of the objects and beliefs of the order. He
was followed by Colonel E. T. Blackmer
San Diego, the speaker of the evening.
Colonel Blackmer's theme was the much
mooted question, "Is Life "Worth Living?"
He said in part:
This question which I have taken for my
text is the question of destiny. It never took
shape until it was forged in the workshops of
experience. It is the outgrowth of thoughtful
ness, not along material, but intellectual and
spiritual lines. As usually presented, it re
fers to human life with its possibilities.
The speaker then referred to the view
of life which materialistic philosophers,
theologians and authors have taken. This
view in the main was that we experience
the pains and annoyance of this life in
order to reap some great reward in a life
to come. 3 :3 v. 3/
Theosophy teaches that we live in a great
ocean of life; that all universes, worlds, men,
animals, vegetables, minerals, molecules and
atoms, all that is are plunged In this great
ocean. The life of It permeates all. Every
manifestation of this life is endowed with the
essential attributes of existence, viz., con
sciousness, force and substance.
But it is human life with its ceaseless round
of births and deaths, its joys and sorrows, its
pain and bliss, the mystery of which we are
forever trying to solve ; and this we are prone
to look upon as something different from the
life in the kingdoms below. But it is all the
manifestation of the One Life, only we have
reached a higher stage in the process of evolu
tion. There has evolved in and for humanity
an individualized center of life forces, which
has brought it to a state of self-consciousness.
This Individualization began In the kingdom
below, but always falling short of the self
conscious stage until we reach man. , -■
But man is more than animal. When the
stage of self-consciousness is reached in the
human kingdom we find a new factor in life.
Man not only knows that he exists, but he
knows that he knows. Reasoning from the
past, to a limited extent he forecasts the
future. Reasoning upon his origin and destiny,
he hat formed the conception of a creator.
All these higher faculties are but the result
of evolution, which is perfecting and bringing
to | fruitage . the germ of self-consciousness.
They are all the differing manifestations ot one
universal life. - There is no break, no missing
link in the continuity of progress.
Does this power become inoperative when It
reaches the stage of human progress? Can we
■predicate or conceive of any stage or state of
consciousness where progress will cease? " Most
certainly not. Admit evolution, and we can
not limit it at this side of the universal.
| As units in this great problem of evolution
we must help or hinder its final solution. Let
us not forget that the purpose of evolution,
since It has reached the human stage, is spir
itual, not material; that brotherhood, hon
esty, patience, charity, -sacrifice, are the
rounds of the ladder upon which we must
climb to the loftiest heights.
CAPTURED A THUG.
George Hayes Apprehended in th« Act
of Committing Highway
Bobbery. .
George Hayes, a very hard-looking char
acter, was arrested early this morning
while in the act of holding up a man
named John Jones at the corner of Green
and Stockton streets.
Hayes assaulted Jones with brass knuck
les and then, holding him up against the
side of a house, started to go through his
pockets. 7 . .-. ..'..;
Jones yelled "Police!" at the top of
his voice, and his cries attracted Offi
cer Norman and St>ecial Officer Mc-
Intyre, who came running from op
posite directions'. Hayes was captured
and taken to the California-street station
after a desperate resistance.
No money was found in his possession,
and Jones was unable to tell how much he
had lost. Hayes had the brass knuckles
when captured. . ■;■;.'." .'. .7
LUMBER RAISED AGAIN
The Manufacturers Issue a Re
vised Price List to All
Purchasers.
Central Offices Moved to Steuart
Street, Where There Is Room
for Active Work.
The Redwood Lumber Company has at
last settled down to business, with its new
schedule of prices in full operation. And
every manufacturer of redwood lumber In
California is bound by his contract to main
tain the new rates.
The head offices of the company, which
are really a central clearing-house for red
wood business, have moved from 10 Cali
fornia street to more commodious quarters
at 29 Steuart street.
The combination of redwood men for
mutual protection has therefore proved a
greater success than its promoters ever
imagined, even in their most enthusiastic
moments. For every manufacturer has to
make a return of bis daily sales to /the
central office; he must permit surveyors or
inspectors in the employ of the redwood
organization to watch shipments received
and report on th m. 3,"".
By this means the receipts of redwood
lumber are known to a foot and sales
must correspond witb them. It is impos
sible under these strict rules for any mem
ber of the "company" to sell below the
price list established by the united lum
bermen.
Prices have been advanced on all classes
of redwood lumber not less than $1 a
thousand feet and in many instances the
raise is just double that figure.
There are two lists, one for the Mendo
cino mills, the other for the Humboldt
and Del Norte mills. These are for car
goes aclivered in San Francisco or round
the bay in vessels airect from the lumber
harbors. The Humboldt list is as follows:
ROUGH.
' NO.
Fluming, 12 to 20 feet ...:
Select Lumber 1
Bough Boards and Scantling, 6 to
11 feet. ....:. ....;.
Merch. Boards assorted widths and
lengths ,
Merch. Li/i and I^xB, 10, 12 inch
and wider
Mercu. 1, 1 1/4. iy 2 inch thick, speci-
fied widths
Merch. Boards, Ix 3, assortd lengths
" •• Ix 4 and Ix 6, as-
sorted lengths
Merch. Timber. 7x9 and larger. 12
to 24 feet long ;
Merch. Rough Lumber over 24 feet
long (»ppcial) not leas than.
Merch. Vg-incn.
" Rough Lumber, ordinary
sizes, not specified above
Surfacing above, one side. 91 extra.
PICKETS. • .-■■■; : ■-: :\
Square end, rough ."...
Pointed end, rough
Fancy Pickets
POSTS.
Sawn, 3x4 and 4x4, 6, 6, 7 feet long
HAI.F-INCII I.UMIIKH.
Surface, roush-clear and battens.
y a xlo in. wide and under, 12 to 20
feet. in. measure
i/ 2 x12 In. wide and over, 12 to 20
feet, inch measure
M»x6 Siding, 12 to '20 ft., in. meas..
i ,xl siding, 12 to 20 ft., "
I^x4 and 6 Siding, 4to 6 ft., "
y 2 x 4 and 6 Siding, 7to 10 ft., "
RUSTIC
IxB and Ixlo, asstd, 12 to 20 ft. In.
IxB and Ixlo, 16, 18 and 20 ft. Ing.
IxB and Ixlo, 6 to 11 ft.
IxB and Ixlo, refuse, all lengths...
TANK STOCK.
Under 7 feet...
7 to 11 feet
PANEL STOCK.
Under 7 feet
7 to 11 feet
CASINO STOCK.
Urder7feet...
7 to 11
SURFACED AND BOUGH— CLEAR.
1. IV*. H-a. 2 in.— 4, 5, 6 in. wide,
12 to 20 feet
1, li/i, 1 V a . 2 in.— B to 16 in. wide,
12 10 20 feet
1, 114, Hi. 2 In.— lB to 24 In. wide,
12 to 20 feet
1, IVi. IV2-2 over 20 ft. long
or over 24 in. wide, special price..
3, 4. 5 and 6 in., 8 to 16 in. wide, 12
to 20 feet
3, 4, 5 and 6 in., over 16 in. wide,
12 to 20 feet.
Rough clear scantling, up to 4x4,
assorted lengths «
Rough blear scantling, 3x6, 4x6
and 6x6, assorted lengths
£3" Dry clear, rough or surfaced,
$1 extra.
1100
13 00
13 00
14 001
13 00
1200
14 00
1400J
IB 00
20 00
1300 !
10 00
12 00
17 00
1100
I
27 50
30 00 !
28 00
30 00
I*oo
20 00
p::::
♦10 00
10 00
I 1100
10 00
9 00
j 1100
12 00
17 00
10 00
\ m
2550
! 26 00
)■;;;■.■■■
i
20 O<M
21 001
14 OUtl
{ 1800
] 19 00
|'i'sod
ISOO
17 00
1
1 ...
i I.***.*
12 00
15 00
i
12 00
15 00
1
i
18 00
1 14 00
20 00
1 16 00
22 60
1 18 50
.......
20 00
1 16 00
22 50
1 18 00
16 00
I
18 00
• ....-..
SAPPY CLEAR.
Rongh or surfaced or T. A G. Ix 4,
lxß, 12 to 20 feet
Rough or surfaced or T. <fe. G. Ix 4,
Ix 6. 6to 11 feet _
Kou-h or surfaced or T. & O. Ix 4,
lxfl, under H feet
Rough or surface.] 8 in. wide and
over, 12 and 14 feet
Rough or surfaced H in. wide and
over. 16, 18 and 20 feet
TONGUED AND GROOVED.
Plain and beaded, Ix 4, Ix 6, 16, 18
and 20 feet
Plain and beaded, Ix 4, Ix 6, 12 and
14feet
Plan and beaded.lx4.lx6,6 to 11 ft
Plain and beaded, Ix 4, Ix 6, under
6 feet
14 00
13 00
9 00:
i
15 00
16 00
i
!
18 00
14 00
16 00
15 00
12 00
i
12 00
|
The only difference in the Mendocino
list is in "rustic" and "surfaced" lumber,
on which there is a decrease of $1. For
delivery in Monterey Bay 50 cents is added,
and for delivery in California ports south
of Monterey $1. -
"We control the salesmen of all the red
wood lumber offices," said the secretary
of the company yesterday. '"It is impos
sible to cut prices. Nor can rebates be
made, for the manufacturer receives bis
profit through the central office. He has
given un his business to the redwood com
pany and taken shares in proportion to the
capacity of his mill. It makes no differ
ence if his * mill produces more that an
other mill of the same capacity, he will
only get the profits on his shar.s. So
there is no reason to cut prices were there
a possibility of doing so. •."■ •■'-'"
"But this no combine. The prices allow
only a bare margin of profit, and there
cannot be an oversupply *in the market.
A few dollars from the purchaser does not
amount to much, yet in the aggregate they
benefit an , important industry and thou
sands of men." , '
-< The production of olive oil in Cephalonia
is very considerable, a good * crop yielding
25,000 to 30,000 barrels, or 480,000 English
gallons; but m re than three-fourths goes
into local : consumption, and : only one
fourth is exported— almost exclusively to
Russia.
It is the custom of. ships lying at the
Brooklyn Navy-yard to discharge their
powder before entering the docks, as a pre
caution against accidents. . .
LOOKING FOR A PASTOR.
Members of Dr. Brown's Church
Considering His Suc
cessor.
TALKED ABOUT CHARACTER.
The Involved Minister Makes Use of
An Old but Effective Discourse.
Mrs. Cooper's Class.
Who will succeed Dr. C. 0. Brown as
pastor of the First Congregational Church?
The leaders of the opposition to the alleged
dethroned clergyman have reached a point
in their efforts to oust' Dr. Brown which
they believe renders this ; question perti
nent, and numerous possible candidates
are being considered. With the majority
of the members who feel the need of a
new pastor the discussion has now ; about
narrowed down to three clergymen, namely,
Dr. Rader of the Third Com. re Rational
Church of this City, Dr. Hatch of Berkeley
and Dr. Hoyt of Sacramento.
"Dr. Rader and Dr. Hatch are both
youne men of extraordinary ability," said
Dr. McDonald in discussing Dr. Brown's
successor yesterday, "and we all feel that
they will continue to become more and
more useful. It will certainly require a
man of energy to take hold of the church
at this juncture, and both reverend gentle
men seem admirably equipped in this re
gard. There are some who consider that
the situation calls for a man of more
I Luther Fillmore, Formerly Superintendent of the South . Pacific Coast Railroad,
)ir Who Will Soon Retire to Private Life. ,' _ ; .._ ,. -'a ;
mature judgment, and these point with
commendation to Dr. Hoyt of Sacramento.
Dr. Hoyt is a very able man, universally,
respected, and would no doubt give entire
satisfaction. At this time, however, every
thing is mere conjecture, and none of the
men mentioned have been approached on
the subject."
A rather remarkable feature of the sug
gestion of Dr. Hoyt as a successor to Dr.
Brown is that Dr. Hoyt was known
throughout the council's session as a
warm friend of the accused pastor.
At the services of the First Church yes
terday morning Dr. Brown's sermon was
"The Matchless Character." This is not a
new sermon. The doctor delivered the
same address several months ago, and it
was at the time considered his best effort.
His evening address was also one which
had done service before. At the morning
address the doctor made no allusion to
bis present predicament whatever. The
only suggestion of the cloud hanging over
the minister was the notice for a business
meeting next Wednesday evening. This
notice, which was read by Deacon Morse,
was addressed to W. F. Christensen, clerk
of the church. It was a formal request
that he call a business meeting of the
church for Wednesday evening, April 29.
It was signed by J. A. Hatch, J.Howard
Barnard, J. T. McDonald, J. H. Warren
and Clinton J. Hutchins.
In order to cast discredit upon the no
tice, Deacon Morse stated yesterday after
noon that of the five signers three were
not pewholders and one was a non
resident. He refused to say which was
the competent signer.
Mrs. Cooper, when told of Deacon
Morse's statement, declared that it was
false. As proof of this she pointed out
that J. H. Hatch and J. Howard Barnard
were deacons. Rev. J. H. Warren, she
stated, was one of the earliest ministers of
the church, and Dr. J. T. McDonald and
Clinton J. Hutchins were old and much
respected members of the church.
Both sides are confident of success at the
business meeting Wednesday evening.
: Deacon Morse at first declared that Dr.
Brown would come out of the battle tri
umphant with a majority of three to one.
After considering the matter, however, he
reduced his figures to two to one. His
reason for the reduction was that the peti
tion asking for the pastor's removal, was
signed by people living as far away as
Boston and Detroit, but who were still on
the rolls, and these might come and vote.
Dr. McDonald of the "insurgents" said
he expected the vote to be against Dr.
Brown, yet if it was not it would only de
lay matters a little longer and supply a
few more disgusting details. Dr. Brown's
position now he declared to be untenable
and he must eventually give up.
The hall of the "Native Sons where Mrs.
Cooper's Bible Class convenes was filled
yesterday with an interested audience of
men and women, many of whom took part
in the discussion of the lesson, the subject
of which was "Dives and Lazarus." Among
those who added much to the interest of
the discussion were Judges Currie and
Rosenbaum, several clergymen who were
present, Messrs. Gaden, . Hawley, Tuttle
and Dr. J. T. McDonald, Mesdames Par
ker, Cutler, Tuttle, : McDonald, . Reeves,
Redington and Misses Wyeant, Cooper,
Stovall and Chase. ' Several strangers from
the hotels 'of the City introduced them
selves. It was argued- that riches well
used were a blessing to the. possessor and
to the world. The . mistake of Dives was
that he cared nothing about Lazarus. The
dogs were kinder . to Lazarus than . was
Dives. "This parable 1 shows plainly
that death does not : ' end- all,"
added Mrs. Cooper. '-Both -these
men died. ; Death > is the great lev
eler. Dives could .'■■•' take no * luggage
through tbe Custom-house of Death.., Tha
surveyor of that port permits no baggage
to enter. And when Dives leaves his lug
gage behind, what has he left? What
treasure of soul has he? The only wealth
we can carry with us through the gateway
of death is wealth of character, love and
good deeds. They that have soul-trensi-re
are eternally rich. It was essential char
acter that determined the destiny of these
two men. It was by the force of gravita
tion of character that Dives went down
ward." Here followed a very spirited dis
cussion on the doctrine of eternal punish- :
ment. Some believed in that doctrine;
others did not. Mrs. Cooper said: "I be
lieve the law of the spiritual harvest follows
the divinely ordained law of the material
harvest. We reap what we sow, both in
respect to quality and quantity."
LEPROSY r NEAR USAL.
A Fifteen-Year- Old Girl Dying From
the disease.
UKIAH, Cal., April 26.— Supervisor F.
Lanagan, who was appointed to investigate
the alleged case of leprosy m a family
named Grimm, living near Usal, has re
turned home. He ionnd the report to be
correct, a young girl aged 15 being in the
last stage of the disease.
FILLMORE HAS RESIGNED
111 Health Forces a Popular
Railroad Man to
Retire.
Under the general management of Mr.
Davis during the time that the South Pa
cific Coast Railroad was owned by the late
Senator J. G. Fair, Luther Fillmore held
the responsible position of general super
intendent. His valuable services were
continued after the road passed into the*
hands of the Southern Pacific Company,
and until ill health caused him to relin
quish his official position. This he has
done by tendering his resignation, which
has been reluctantly accepted by the di
rectors of the company.
About the Ist Mr. Fillmore will leave
California for Wyoming, where he will re
main during the summer in hopes of re
newing his impaired vitality.
By his resignation the Southern Pacific
Company loses a valuable officer and the
employes a kind and considerate superin
tendent, one whose place it will be hard to
fill. He takes with him the best wishes,
not only of his superiors, but of all those
with whom he came in contact in the dis
charge of his official duties. 7.{. -7
-"'.'■ •■ y I SW^^irrf^^rx.
MR. DAVID WAGNER.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 21.— 1 have scarcely
been six hours in Fresno, yet I can report
a big success for the Cali.ornian remedy.
While in one of the leadine drug stores of
this city I met Mr. David Wagner. He
has been using Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla, and he tells me that much of his
robustness is due to this great vegetable
medicine. He assured me that he was in
poor health a few months ago, and, read-
ing some of our advertisements, he de-
cided to try the remedy. The medicine
worked like a charm. His bowels soon be-
came regular, the coating of his tongue
disappeared and he felt better and better
everyday. Said he: "I would not take
fifty dollars for the benefits I have received
from Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. The
remedy tasted so well at first I thought it
was not medicine. I soon found out the
difference. Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla
certainly acts on the bowels and blood.
Look at my face; there 13 not a single
mark on it to show I have been taking a
blood medicine. Many people using blood
remedies have their face and hands and
body all covered with blood spots, pimples i
and blemishes. I can testify that Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla brings out no bad
blood marks, and it does its work, too. I
saw a lady who had used the remedy for
rheumatism, and her rheumatism has left
her. If the druggists here continue to sell
Joy's without trying to substitute, as some
druggists do in Fresno, yon will have a big
sale for Joy' Vegetable | Sarsaparilla this
spring. There ought' to be some way to
prevent druggists substituting. Of course,
in time, people will find out that Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla is the best, and;
when they do find it out for themselves no I
one will be able to make them take a sub-
stitute for the native remedy.
HENRY TILLMAN.
OOSMO_?O_JIT__.N■.
Opposite 0. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St.. -UU
* ranclsco, Cal — The most select family hotel la
the city. Board an. room, $1, *1 25 and $1 50 per
d **{, according to room. Meals 25c. Kcoau, -li-
ana, oca day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
I~k>_ for the coac_ bean ng the name of tho Oar
mopoluan Hotel. ...- . WM. FAHKY. Proprietor
GOLD avEi_Nr_s-
A YOUNG MAJ\* HAVING SOME KXPERI-
.-_. ence In mining can secure an Interest in a
well developed, -thoroughly equipped mine, situ-
ated in Calaveras Co. ; can have position of super-
intendent if qualified;- thorough investiyatlon as to
bullion receipts «d bonks: capital required from
yaOOO toslo,ouo. Address Bullion, box 107, CaU .
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHABLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1620
Fell «L Telephone -Pine" 259 L
THE KING
HUDYAN.
SORE SPOTS.
If your body is partially covered with
sores which itch badly, or which run con-
tinually, or are hard to heal; or if your
hair is beginning to fall out; if your teeth
are loose or are loosening, you may be as-
sured that your blood is in a very impure
state. These symptoms frequently follow
the contraction of diseases of a private na-
ture, and they may be due too to a parent
or nurse who had some affliction. "HUD-
YAN" the KING cures all these ailments
promptly and permanently. It is a purely
vegetable compound, but strong and cer-
tain in its action. It was discovered by
the physicians of the great and grand
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
San Francisco.
The famous establishment where all cur-
able diseases are cured quickly and surely.
WEAK KNEES.
If you have been foolish enough to give
way to temptation in your youth and you
are beginning to feel the effects now,
either by having lost your manhood or
perhaps through nightly emissions, which
will soon bring on this dread disease, you
must lose no time in seeking complete
restoration of your vital powers. If you
would become "every inch a' man" again
nothing equals "HtfDYAN," the KING
of all specifics. It will restore your vital-
ity, bring back your strength, will power
and energy. It makes weak men strong
and nervous men iull of confidence, Ike
and action. It can only be obtained,
though, from those eminent specialists,
the world-renowned doctors of the *
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Bills Sts.,
San Francisco.
The great and grand establishment whew
hope and life are extended to all sufferers.
Most forms of kidney and liver diseases,
is well as blood diseases, pass away
rapidly when "HUDYAN" is used. Writ*
for free
"Blood Book,"
"All About the Liver,"
And
"A Knowledge of the Kidneys."
And you can also get for the asking cir-
culars and testimonials of » ■„ ■
HUDYAN
THE KINQ
NOTICE OF SALE
•■'.' ' I <3; ' -
. ....Off ...
MARIN COUNTY
Railroad ReiMiiig
BONDS.
Cfil RO 000 MARIN* COUNTY RAILROAD
tjplUu.W'J Refunding Bonds— lbO bonds at
$1000 each, bearing interest st 4 per cent per an-
num: bonds payable on me Ist day of January.
1916, or at any time before that dale at tbe pleas-
are of the County of Marin: interest payable on
the first day of January and Jnlv in each year; the
first coupon runs from the first day of April, 1890,
and is for $10.
Notice is hereby given by. the undersigned,
Thomas J. Fallon. County Treasurer of the County
of Marin, State of California, that bids for the pur-
chase of the above-described bonds will be received
by him at the County Treasurer's office of Maria
County, in the city of San Rafael, Marin County,
California, on
Monday, May 4, 1896,
at the hour of 1 o'clock p. m. of said day.
• The said bonds will be told at said County Treas-
urer's office on May 4, 1596, at the hour of I
o'clock p. m. to the highest bidder for cash In
United States gold coin. No bid for less than the
face value of said bonds and all Interest accrue-
on them at the date of said sale will be considered.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check drawn to the order of said Treasurer for at
least 5 per cent of tbe par value of the bonds bid
for, which said check shall be forfeited to Marin
County should such bid oe accepted and the party
bidding fail to complete the purchase of the bonds
awarded to such party within -five days from the
date of such award.
'. The right is reserved to reject any or all bids.
THOMAS J. FALLON,
County. Treasurer of Marin County.
San Rafael. Marin County, April 10. 1896.
1 §Jw V PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY— DISEASES OF MEN, INCLT7D-
In_ all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Lis.
leases. Over 20 v*»ars' experience. Hook sent free.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Office
Hours, 9 to 3 dally: 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sundays,
10 to 12. Consultation free und sacredly confiden-
tial.' Call, or address • -♦*.■■•'
H. ROMCOK „c\I*l.TY. SI. It..
26** £ Kearny Street, San l'ianii»i<>, Cal.
VINEYARD FOR SALE
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
CORTY ACRES OF SEVENTEEN- YEAR-OLD
1 Vineyard situated one mile south of the
thriving town ot Sebastopol, Sonoma County
with a full equipped winery of 60,000 gallons
capacity; underground cellar, etc.; winery
surrounded by 1000 acres of vineyards; only
one more winery in the section: must be seen
to be eppreciated; terminus of railroad one
mile from the place. For further particulars
address E. SC&IRMER, Bellevue P VineyanL
fc^bastopol, Sonoma County. Cal.
Weak Men and Women
"S-SE* ___■«___; ,- _■£*■*■-.__*__
Strength to the Sexual Organs. *»■--***■ «-*•SHOOTING AT THE EAGLE
Red Men Marksmen Indulge in
an Old-Time Fatherland
Sport.
NITRO-POWDER IN THE LEAD.
Fine Scores of the Columbias —W.
Glindemann Beits J. Utschig in
a ioo-Shot Match.
There was great shooting and lots of it
yesterday at Captain Biebe's Shell Mound
rifle range, and more good scores were
made by the marksmen than for some
time past. On approaching the range a
strange looking thing was observed. It
appeared like a huge buzzard witn out
stretched wings sitting on the top of a tall
pole. About seventy-five yards away
stood a company of men in the uniform of
the Fatherland soldiery. The latter were
. blazing away with rifles at the thing on
the pole.
An explanation of these proceeding.
was that the Red Men's Shooting Section
was having its annual eagle shoot, a cus
tom brought from the old country. The
eagle was made of wood, painted 'black,
. with a diameter of about three feet. It
• was placed on a forty-foot pole, so placed
on the bay shore that all the bullets fired
in that direction would fly toward
the Golden Gate. Over the body of the
bird was a large iron protecting plate.
Each part, legs, head, wings, neck, etc.,
was attached to the body with wooden
pegs, painted white, so arranged that a
well-aimed bullet would drive them out,
letting each separate part fall to the
' ground. With each part was a prize.
The eagle shooting began at 11 o'clock
in the morning, and the unfortunate bird
was not completely dismembered until
3:30 p. m. All kinds of rifles were used
and many hundred bullets were dropped
far out in the bay. The happiest shooter
ol the day was C. Stein, who by smashing
the last pin in the eagle's breast won the
enviable title of "Scnuetzen Koenig," or
shooting king, and the medal that goes
with the honor. The other prize-winners
and the parts they clipped are the fol
lowing:
First prize, John Tiedeman, crown on the
eagle's head; second, W. Kreutzkainm, sceptre
in right claw; third, H. Bach, reichs-apple in
left claw: fourth, John Feldermann, ring in
beak; fifth, E. Gobel, head; sixth, C. Stein,
neck; seventh and eighth. John Oldag, right
wing and claw; ninth and tenth, John Tres
ter, left wing and claw; eleventh, P. 11. Ruffs,
tail.
The distribution of these prizes and the
crowning of the shooting king will take
place next Sunday evening at the anni
versary and ball that will be held at 620
Bush street.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held
its regular semi-monthly target-shoot, and
several remarkable records were made
with nitro-powder. In fact, A. H. Pape
broke the club record with this powder.
He is now acting upon the suggestions of
F. O. Young. That is a patch bullet of
pure lead that starts easily from the
breech. He uses Dv Font's nitro measure
for measure with the black powder. In
the record the following remarkable scores
were made, Dr. Rodgers only using black
powder:
Dr. L. O. Kodgers 9 25 927376 7-57
F. O. Young. 1 6 7 6 6 4 4 9 4 9—55
A. H. Pape 6 7344339 3 8-60
A. H. Pape.. 2 48635947 4—62
Pape's twenty shots on the Columbia
target are equal to 448 points on the Ger
man target and his average was bunched l
in a five and one-tenth-inch circle. The
best. rifle scores for the day stood :
Unfred diamond medal, three shots Dr.
Kodztrs 10, H. 11. Burfeind 11, F. O. Young 16.
Ten-shot rifle record— A. H. Pape 50 and 52,
F. O. Young 55, Dr. Rodgers 57.
Most fla*s;s for in-centers— Dr. Rodgers 2, F.
O. Young 1, H. Hellberg 2, H. H. Burfeind 1,
G. Barley 1.
On the 50-yard pistol-range some fine
work was done. Charles Daiss, who so far
has been in the lead on the Blanding
record for the best ten scores, rested on his
laurels and went off on a bicycle jaunt.
While he was^ way Pape got in and ran
up enough high scores to beat Daiss by
three points. Gorman, in half a dozen
strings, made several excellent scores. The
best scores stood :
Open to all comers, pistol, Blanding medal —
J. K. Gorman 7, 9. 11; A. H. Pape 7, 8, 8; F. O.
Young 8. Dr. L. O. Rogers 9, E. Jacobson 17.
Revolver, Carr medal— M. J. White 39.*
All comers, 22-cahber rifle, 50 yards, Ed
Hovey 10, W. J. Burrows 19.
The monthly bullseye shoot of the San
Francisco Schuetzen Verein brought out
a large numberof marksmen. The follow
ing are the prize- winners and points:
H. Hellberg 161 points, J. C. Waller 301,
Judge Bahrs 319, George Alpers 320, Henry
Happen 333, William Ehrenpfort 348, H. H.
Burfeind 386, J. D. Heise 411. R. Finking 475,
F. P. Scnuster 522, H. Sailing 562, A. H. Pape
579, H. Huber739, T. B. Faktor 773, Charles
Tbierbach 778. L. N. Ritzau 810, N. Ahrens
835. F. Koch 854, F. Bolckman 855, D. yon der
Mehden 913.
The Germania Schuetzen Verein also
held a bullseye shoot, with the annexed
results
L. Bendel 188 points, F. Schuster 307, H.
Hellberg 425. D. B. Faktor 466, A. Jungblut
409, R. Finking 540, A. Mocker 614, H. Thode
711, J. W. Wicks 778, D. yon der Mehden 780,
11. H. Burfeind 782, C. Thierbach 805.
The monthly shoot of the Norddeutscher
Schuetzen Club resulted in the following
winning medals: '-*.;? '.'j
Champion class, A. Mocker, 429 rings; first
class, H. Burfeind.42l; second class, J. Gefken,
376; third class, D. Schinkel, 352; fourtftclass,
G. .-*ehulz, 281 ; first best shot, H. Hellberg. 24:
last best shot, O. Schiukel Jr., 24.
Several military companies held their
regular monthly medal shoots, with the
annexed results:
Company F^oi the First- W. M. Masurv 39.
T. 11. Same 20 Sergeant F. L. Brown 43. A. H.
Irving 41, J. V. Brum 13, G. A. Bower 23, Cor
poral H. T x U . rt<m „ 33 ' E. R. Holston 40, A. H.
Moore 33. Major Brown 40, A. B. H. Hawks 37,
J. G. Hawks 34, J. F. Lauchlin 31, A. P. Ander :
son 12, hatles D. Cook 39, W. M. Hlstrinii 1 J
J*. Sheridan 31. E C. Dever 14. J. A. Miller *9
J. W. Dresser,33, George Paul 23, J. W. Willard
40, M. J. McNeill 35, A. F. Pratt 33, J Fitzeer
aid 35, J. Gorman 12, K. Eisfelder 22 B**r8 ** r
Company Aof the Fifth— Maker 43 W
Downie44, Captain Poulter 43. XV Slack'°9
Lieutenant Hunt 33. Fellows 35, A. Jahnieaii
40, G. W. Brown 32, V. A. Brink 36, Patr"v^2
Corporal . Moore 28 Jumper 11, McCombs 36*
Ginn 23, Deeds 28. Buener 25, Georee Purk-Pif
41, McCormh-k 30, J. M. Vaughn 42 C I'uVk
ett 42, C H. Ellis 88, C. Jahnigan 37. Corporal
strong 29. J. Stewart 41, Littlefield 36. F W
Petersen 34. Bodwell 2,1. •"' "V'- v *
Knights of the Red Branch Rifles practice-
Captain J. Sheehy. 42; James Campbell, 39-
Corporal D. Russell, 33; Sergeant M. Gaul. 38 •'
J. D. Loughrey 31; James Smith, 45; J j'. •
Longlirey, 23; J. Hogan, 36; James Rogerson.
24; Corporal J. J. Roßerson, 40; John Fay
39; Patrick Donoho, 32; J.Tracy 41 Dj'
Murphy, 24; P. McKeone. 34; D. Ki.leen,3s.
Corporal John ce S'o 41 , ; Lieutenant M. *W
nix 38. E. Rahill. 29 s J °hnMcKenna,26;L.
Galley, Jt*.
Troop A of the cavalry was also out
practicing with their carbines. The rules
require them to shoot the full Govern
ment army charge of seventy grains of
powder and a heavy bullet. "As may be
expected the short carbines did some
lively kicking, but for all that Captain
Sims made 37, Corporal Atwood 40, Private
Heggerty 37. Sergeant Stacy 30 and
Private Hahn 28. >■">
GLINDEMANN WON.
He Defeated John Utschljr In a
100-Shot Offhand Rifle 33
Match.
Schuetzen Park, near San Rafael, was
by no means deserted by riflemen yester
day,' although no special shooting* event
was on the programme. There were two
centers' of attraction— the rest-shooting
Smith Carr, One of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club's Best Pistol Shots.
[From a photograph.]
contest for the Schumann diamond
medal and the Glindemann-Utschig pri
vate 100-shot match. In the first quite a
number of marksmen entered the contest,
but they were obliged to take off their
hats in honor to Miss Lizzie Utschig, who
won the laurels.
The medal was donated by the pro
prietor of the range for the seven highest
scores made during the year, rest shoot
ing, open to all comers, the winner to hold
the trophy from month to month until
taken by another. Miss Utschig made a
score of 228 rings out of a possible 250.
She was closely followed by D. W. Mc-
Laughlin with 227, Otto Burmeister with
225 and Mrs. John Utschig with 222.
For several days past the 100-shot off
hand match for $40 a side.between William
Glindemann and John Utschig Sr. has at
tracted considerable attention among local
riflemen, for the men are among the crack
shots of their respective clubs. The for
mer is a member of the Columbia Pistol
and Rifle Club and the latter of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club. The match was
stubbornly contested from the first shot to
the last, and it resulted in Glindemann
winning by 50 points. His score was 2133
to Utschitt's 2083, out of a possible 2500.
D. W. McLaughlin was the highest in
the pistol contest for the Schumann pistol
medal. He made 212 rings out of a pos
sible 250. In the pool-shooting on the
pistol range Philo Jacoby made the high
est score 72 out of a possible 75 points.
J. GEORGE GIBSON ON PAIN •
The Pastor of Emmanuel Baptist Church
Addresses a Meeting of Young Men.
The Rev. J. George Gibson, pastor of
Emmanuel Baptist Church, made notori
ous by the murders in its belfry, sang a
solo and delivered an address yesterday
afternoon before a large audience in the
Young Men's Christian Association.
The theme of his song— "Come Home
My Child"— was in a sense introductory to I
the discourse that followed. His text was
from Ephesians, fourth chapter, nine- !
teenth verse — "Who Be in Past Feeling."
■"• He said that a man must not necessarily
live long to live much, for a young man
may often have deeper experience than
older men have had.
To-day life is much more intense than it
was long ago; childhood has almost van
ished and youths come to maturity almost
before they know what to do with their
hurriedly acquired development. The
young, as opposed to the old, have the
hardest struggle against the evil tenden
cies in their nature.
If a person in beginning worldly life
would carefully consider just what the
possibilities were in' him he might often
be deterred from evil by a realization of
how bad he might really become and
might also be encouragea in good deeds by
knowing his latent antitude for them.
The ostrich has not used its wings to fly
and the male has had little use for eyes,
so nature has gradually made these re
spective organs proportionately unimpor
tant; so it is with unused human faculties.
Man either grows better or he becomes
worse. Long exposure to torture, to dis
appointments and to annoyances may, and
often does, cause a condition where the
person becomes inured to the experience
and is past feeling.
• * — •
Father Yorke To-Night.
The third lecture of the course, "Man's Inhu
manity to Man, "under auspices of the American
Women's Liberal League, by Rev. Father Yorke,
will t>e given this evening at Metropolitan
Temple, at 8 o'clock. Admission will be 2o
cents, reserved seats 50 cents. Tickets will be
sold all day at the headquarters of the league,
room 6, Donohoe building, corner of Market
and Taylor streets, and at Metropolitan Tem
ple, also at the box-office in the evening.
William Glindemann, Who Won the 100-Shot Match at Schuetzen Park Yesterday.
[From a photograph. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1896.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
First Squadron Cruise of Co
rinthian Yachts on the
Bay Yesterday.
THE GASOLINE BOAT ARCTURUS
A Sailor Lost From the British Ship
Dittoa— Repairing of the
Point Arena.
After a week or more of cold, cloud, mist
and rain the bay yesterday was as calm,
warm and bright as a yachtsman could
wish, and certainly the Corinthian Club
people could not have asked more.
It was their first cruising day and the
forecaster was evidently with them. There
was a good wind from the southwest that
took- the winter's twist out of the sheets
and the wrinkles from the canvas that had
been furled lor months. There was a new
ness along the sides of the white hulls and
a brightness over the freshly scraped spars
which made one think the entire Meet had
just slipped from the ways.
The squadron got underway about noon,
led Dy the flagyacht Truant, bearing the
pennant of Commodore Few.
The vessels passed up close in along the
water front, affording the spectators on
the dock a pretty, living marine picture.
The Rover literally hugged tbe ends of the
wharves, with the little spoon-bow of the
Eolus almost overlapping her. The latter
tried several times to pass in between her
rival and the pier heads, but the Rover's
helmsman would throw his vessel against
the piles and cut the other craft out.
There was no attempt to pass the Com
modore, and the boats generally kept their
allotted places in the cruising line.
Opposite the ferry slips the signal was
given to 'bout ship, and the fleet swept
around on their return. With the fair
wind and strong ebb-tide they soon passed
from view around Angel Island to their
moorings off Tiburon.
The new gasoline auxiliary yacht Arc
turus had her initial cruise. She is a pietty
50-foot boat, 36 feet 7 inches water-line, 14
feet beam, 3 feet draught and 7 tons bur
den. She was designed by G. W. G. Hall.
Yesterday the British ship Ditton, Cap
tain Stak, arrived safely, 125 days from
Swansea. On the second night after leav
ing that port John Morrison, an ordinary
seaman, fell from the foretopsail yard into
the sea. He was aloft furling the" canvas
when a quick lurch of the ship flung him
overboard. The weather was rough and
the sea running high, and a boat could
not be launched. Soon after another or
dinary seaman named J. Campbell fell
from the mizzen-topsail yard on deck.
Though dropping from a great height he
suffered no serious injury except the loss
of the sight of one eye.
To-day the old moribund revenue tug
Hartley will return to service, having been
painted and somewhat repaired.
PREPARING THE NEW PARK
Next Sunday Will Probably
See the. Opening at
Ingleside.
GOOD SPORT AT OCEAN VIEW.
Three Coursing Stakes Run to a
Finish Yesterday— of
the Events.
Coursing men are looking forward with
considerable interest to the opening of the
new coursing ground at Ingleside, which
is expected to throw open its gates on Sun
day next if the elements and Secretary
Holbrook of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals do not inter
fere.
The new grounds were mainly chosen
for the lay of the ground, which is partic
ularly calculated to give good results and
for their accessibility to the electric-cars
that run to the Ingleside track. - -
Several thousand dollars have been spent
in improving the grounds, a tine grand
stand for those who do not , desire to take
part in the betting being one of the prin
cipal features. 3V -
A number of people visited the new
course yesterday to look over the grounds
and witness the preparations that are be
ing made for the opening.
Several hundred people went to Casserly
& Kerrigan's Ocean View park yesterday
to witness the running, and a fine day's
sport was enjoyed by all. The recent
ruins had made the hares less inclined to
run than usual, but some of the courses
were long and interesting. The dogs on
the average were a fast lot and evenly
matched, and the spectators had a good
day of it. ;_■_ 33£
The first event was a sixteen-dog stake,
which was run through as follows:
Twilight beat Kilmore, Pop Larkin beat
London, Diamond beat Galloping, California
Violet beat True Blue, Cottage Boy beat Star
light, Jenny Lind beat Barney, Butcher Boy
beat Unknown, Dublin Stout beat Black Tom.
First ties— Twilight beat Pop Larkin, Dia
mond beat Cottage Boy, California Violet beat
Jenny Lind, Dublin Stout beat Butcher Boy.
Second ties— Diamond beat Twilight, Dublin
Stout beat California Violet.
Final— Diamond beat Dublin Stout.
Four dogs at $2 50 each were then drawn,
the winner to take all. The stake resulted
as follows:
St. Lawrence beat Black Tom, Cottage Boy
beat Bobolink.
Final— St. Lawrence bent Cottage Boy.
The last event was an eight-dog consola
tion, which resulted as follows:
Fleetfoot beat Marguerite, Unknown beat
Pop Larkin, Bobolink beat California Violet,
Whip beat Handspring, Lucky Dog beat Quick
step.
First ties— Fleetfoot beat Unknown, Bobolink
beat Whip, Lucky Dog a bye.
Final— Fleetfoot beat Bobolink.
COMING CYCLING EVENTS
Races and Parades at the Santa
Rosa and Oakland Floral
Fetes.
The Imp.rial Cub Is Seeking New
Quarters— Golden Gate's
Election. .
The park roads were in very fair condi
tion for cycling yesterday, despite the re
cent heavy rains, and many took ad
vantage of the sunny afternoon for a spin
to the beach. Few ventured into the coun
try, however, and those who did found
little enjoyment for their trouble. As one
club man expressed it, swimming was very
good on the Haywards road, riding being
impossible and walking bad. Most of the
riders took a rest yesterday, and the men
gathered at their clubhouses to talk over
the relay race again and discuss the track
events io be held at the various floral fetes
the next two weeks.
There will be races at Santa Rosa Thurs
day. Friday and Saturday of this week,
and the last day will probably attract a
great many from this City. Friday is May
day, and at the Fabiola floral fete at Oak
land the National circuit will be opened.
The best riders will contest at this meet
and go to Santa Rosa the next day. They
will then have a week's rest and ride again
at San Jose on Saturday, May 9, the last
day of the rose carnival there. ;f;
A grand bicycle lantern parade will be
held in Oakland under the auspices of the
Fabiola floral fete, 1896, race meet com
mittee on the evening of Wednesday,
April 29, in which all clubs and unat
tached wheelmen are cordially invited to
take part. Trophies will be awarded as
follows: (1) To the club making the best
appearance. (2) To the visiting club hav
ing the largest number in line. (3) To
the home club having the largest number
in line. •
Visiting clubs are defined to be all clubs
outside of Alameda County, and home
clubs those in Alameda County. .
Mounted police protection is assured and
riders need have no fear as there will be
ample room in the streets for all. to ride
safely. Captains of clubs should see that
their clubs are fully represented, and that
all members turn out to help make this
the grandest lantern-parade ever seen on
the coast. Club 3 will take their positions
in line at the junction of New Broadway
and Telegraph avenue at .7:45 Wednes
day evening.
On *■ the* day of the fete, : Friday, a
special decorated bicycle parade will be
held in conjunction with and to follow the
decorated carriage parade, at the Oakland
Trotting Park at Ip. m. ,3i "■'*•■*" 3* ;v3*^
Snecial prizes have been secured to make
the bicycling part of, the floral parade a
grand success. They are as follows:
To the best decorated single wheel a high
grade bicycle. .
For the best decorated groups, including
tandems, etc., $20 cash.
For the club making the best appearance in
the floral parade an elegant piano-lamp and
bionze stand. - ■*
To the visiting club having the largest num
ber *»f members in the floral parade a nand
some onyx clock. ■
To the home club having the largest number
of members in the floral parade a silver water
pitcher and cup. .-'.":;-:.■',
Entry blanks are necessary only for the
decorated single wheels and groups. These
can be had from the secretary, J. A.
Colquhoun, room 202, Central Bank build
ing, Oakland.
The Olympic Club, Wheelmen will hold
a meeting to-morrow evening at the
Olympic Club. Besides the business to be
transacted the amusement committee will
furnish something good in its line.
The Imperial Cycling Club is looking for
larger quarters on account of its, largely
increased membership and is thinking of
moving into the Bay City Wheelmen's
former clubhouse at 519 Van Ness avenue.
The Golden Gate Cycling Club recently
elected the following new road officers':
Joseph Quadt,' captain; William Madden,
first lieutenant; T. Roderick, second lieu
tenant. The new captain will lead the
members on a century run next Sunday.
* The entries for the Oakland and Santa
Rosa race meets have closed and R. A.
Smyth, the official handicapper, will prob
ably announce the handicaps to-day. ' ;
A house divided against itself makes lots
of fun for the neighbors.
OVERLOOKING THE NEW COURSING PARK AT INGLFSIDE.
. [Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
ARMY CAMPS AGITATED
Officers Unable to Render
Active Service in the
Field.
LISTED FOR RETIREMENT.
The New Post Surgeon at the Presidio.
Fifth Artillery Batteries Exchange
Stations.
Dr. R. H. White, major and surgeon,
U. S. A., will dwell at the Presidio as post
surgeon. This place of abode may not
exactly conform to the doctor's individual
desires, but it seems to accord to General
Graham's notions as to the proper place
for a post surgeon to dwell, and as General
Graham commands the post what he says
goes.
A reporter of The Call was not present
during a recent interview between the
doctor and the post commander, but it is
known that the major, who was recently
ordered to this department from Jefferson
Barracks, Mo., did have a courteous and
most likely a friendly chat with General
Graham. No doubt the latter cordially
welcomed the doctor in a hearty army
fashion to the Presidio, and Dossibly the
doctor, not to be outdone in civility,
praised the beauty of the Presidio and spoke
of the bang-up military aspect of every
thing about the post, from the encnant
ing Alameda to the desolate marsh. This
is mere conjecture, however, but in truth
the doctor did play for an opening, and
when his inning came he gently intimated
that during a previous tour of duty in
this department he was stationed at Angel
Island but was permitted to live in San
Francisco.
General Graham was equal to the occa
sion. He knew that proper quarters for a
i surgeon were not provided at Angel Isl
| and, but at the Presidio it was different.
I The general spoke of the excellent accom-
I modations available at the post on the
I mainland, and would not for a minute
I permit the thought to enter his mind that
j the doctor should be forced to live in the
j City for. lack of suitable quarters at the
Presidio. According to all accounts,
; therefore, tne new doctor will reside at the
post. ■"-•"£"■*£:*
Orders for some of the changes of sta
tion have come. General Forsyth, com
manding the Department of California,
has ordered Batteries B and M, now sta
tioned at Fort Canby, to San Francisco.
Battery M goes to the Presidio and B to
Alcatraz. Battery H, Captain Elbridge
R. Hills, goes to Canby, relieving B and
M. Battery E, Captain A. W. Vogdes,
will go from Alcatraz to Fort Mason and
Battery C, Captain Wood, will go from
Alcatraz to the Presidio. Battery I, Cap
| tain George W. Crabb, will go lrom Fort
Mason to the Presidio.
The- independent command at Fort
Mason is assigned to Captain Vogdes.
In the general change Fort Canby loses
one battery and San Francisco gains one.
At Fort Mason this evening a dancing
function will take place, to which many
officers of the army have been invited.
The function is under the direction of
Mrs. Gillette and Mrs. Blunt. The
spacious house, known as the Black Point
residence, will accommodate the guests.
At Angel Island last Friday eveniug
Captain O'Connell, First Infantry, de
livered an 'interesting and instructive
lecture on the "Great Strike of 1894." The
lecture was given in the post chapel and
was largely '.'.tended. . ?7£
Should the 12-inch rifle at Fort Point
kick over the bluff and roll into the sea
the excitement in army* circles would be
tame compared with the sensation that has
been produced by a report that paragraph
72 of the revised regulations has been in
voiced to retire several army officers before
they have reached the age of retirement.
As explained in yesterday's Call this
paragraph provides for retirement for
physical disability— that is to say, the in
ability of an officer to undergo the ordi
nary hardships of field service. General
Graham of the Fifth Artillery and Colonel
Shatter of the First Infantry are author
ized to recommend for retirement such
officers in their respective regiments as
are deemed unable to physically sustain
the fatigue of an active campaign.
. Major Darling, Major McCrea and Cap
tain McClellan of the Fifth Artillery and
Captain Pierce, Captain Parker and Lieu
tenant Connolly of the First Infantry are
said to be on the list. ,* -
Officers listed for compulsory retirement
and brother officers in sympathy with
them are not supposed to. kick on parade
or in the press, but at the hotels, clubs and
in private quarters they assert the right of
expressing an opinion, and one opinion is
that Colonel. Shatter is not as well fitted
physically to perform service in the field
as the officers whose retirement fie has
recommended.. *.
. General Graham of the Fifth Artillery
has two years more to serve before attain
ing the age of '■ retirement. His capacity
for active service in the field or in tiarrison
is not? questioned.' Most of his officers
would prefer a commander of less vitality.
: Colonel A. :S. :•"•* Kimball, chief quarter
master of the department, will receive bids
until 12 o'cloci. . Monday, May * 11, lor the
construction of a stable at the Presidio.
The work must be done within 120 days
after the contract is signed. It is dis
tinctly provided that the service of labor
ers and mechanics who are • employed in
the work of construction shall be limited
and restricted to eight hours on each cal
endar day. The specifications define ex
actly what kind of material shall be used
and how the work must be done.
Until Tuesday. May 12, bids will be re
ceived by the chief quartermaster for fill
ing in a portion of the marsh lands on the
Presidio reservation. \3 -
Bidders will state the price per cubic
yard for which they will do the entire
work as shown on plan No. 1 or as shown
on plan No. 2, on either of the following
propositions:
1. By leveling the adjacent sand dunes along
the shore of the bay to the grades established
on the plans and filling the adjoining marsh
with the material so obtained as far as it will
go, and by pumping with suction dredgers or
other means from the bay to make the remain
der of the till to the established grades.
2. By leveling the adjacent sand dunes along
the shore of the bay to the grades established
on the plans and filling the adjoining marsh
with the material so obtained as far as it will
go, the remainder of the fill to be made with
material obtained by grading the bluff imme
diately south of and adjoining the marsh to be
filled.
Separate bid will be made for the con
struction of the drain.
The work will be required to be com
menced within fourteen days after the
contract is approved ana must be prose
cuted at the rate of not less than 25,000
cubic yards of filling per month. On one
plan the amount of filling is estimated at
185,000 cubic yards and on the other at
280,000. The eight-hour limitation also
applies to this work.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
A Number of Exciting and Closely
Contested Games Played Yester
day.
The handball courts were crowded
yesterday and several interesting I and
closely contested games were witnessed.
At the San Francisco court a match in
which six well-known players participated
was the principal attraction. P. T. Don
nelly, the amateur champion, R. Linehan
and J. Nelson played against T. F. Bonnet,
D. Connelly and J. Feeney, the three first
NEW TO-DAY.' ...... 77* r
How 'bout that
f ...•■■..■''
Suit you need ? Have you seen our
New Suitings ? Ten, twelve, fifteen,
twenty dollar made -to - your - order
suits that rival the $20, $30 and $40
Suits of fashionable high-priced tai-
lors. ' Our suits are made just as
stylishly, just as good in every way,
only we don't charge as much for our
reputation as for the goods.
Cheviots, Cassimeres and Scotch
Tweeds in invisible plaids and fancy
checks. Made strictly up-to-date ; fit,
trimmings and workmanship fully
guaranteed.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS,
MARKET 541 STREET.
BEWARE of firms Imitating our name and methods. Our only Branch In 8. F.
Is at 211 Montgomery St., opp. Mills Building.
iff. vs. vMI
14 R.^P^N MOHRiG* I\V
\. &YSIO MARKET ST"' »*/
•^tes***-*-^^
"We have other metal
beds— first-rate ones; but
: there's only one best —
; Adams & Westlake's.
; California Furniture Company
! (N. P. Cole <fe Co.) •.*••*■***..*. * ; ''■'.
| 117 Geary street.
named winning after some excellent play
on both sides. Bonnet and Feeney had in
a measure their revenge, as they defeated
Donnelly and Linehan in a match the
best two out of tbree by winning in two
straight games. . .
The- attraction at the Union court was a
match between Charles Curtis, the South
End champion, and William Young, the
champion of Hayes Valley. Friends of
the champion^ filled the gallery and
cheered their favorite on to victory. They
were well matched and the final game
was won by Young by only one ace.~ An
other exciting game was played between
It. Lenihan and Al Pennoyer and Terry
McManus and J. J. Feeney, the two
former winning.
Following were the games played in the
courts :
San Francisco court— J. White and M. Ed
wards defeated Ben Chapman and Robert
Shea. 21—8, 13—21, 21-10. R. Murphy and
W. StansDury defeated Jack Howe and H. Ed
wards, 21—8, 13—21, 21—6. J. Slattery and
Austin Hendry defeated D. Connolly and P.
Hutchinson, 21—4, 12—21, 21—16. "M. Sulli
van and C. Collopv defeated J. Mitchell and t.
McCarthy, 21—17, 9—21, 21—13. P. Kelly
and P. Hutchinson defeated Austin
Hendry and J. Slattery, 21—11, 18—21, 21—10.
P. Donnelly, the amateur champion, K.
Linehan and J. Nelson defeated T. F. Bonnet,
D. Connollv and J. Feeney, 21—16, 12—21, 21
—9, 21—14. T. P. Bonnet and J. Feeney de
feated P. Donnelly and R. Linehan, 21—16, 21
—18. J.White and R. Murpuy defeated Ben
Chapman and J. Collin*-, 21—10, 19—21, 21
—8. Robert Shea defeated Tim Sullivan, 21—
11,;i6— 21, 21—19.
Union court— Professor Lynch and R. Park
inson defeated C. Johnson and E. Lynch, 21—
17,18—21,21—16. G. McGuinn and T. Fay
defeated D. Regan and Ben Swanson, 21—18,
17—21, 21—16. Willie Billings and H. Wess
ling defeated J. Tierny and P. Madden , 21—16,
19—21, 21—18. J. Dooley and P. Goggan de
feated T. McManus and W. McManus, 21—18,
18—21, 21—17. T. Jordan and T. Lenihan de
feated W. Keough and W. Lenord, 21—18, 19—
21, 21—17. William Young, the Hayes Valley
champion, defeated Charles Curtis the South
End champion, 21—18, 19—21. 21—20. R.
Lenihan and Al Pennoyer defeated Terry Mc-
Manus and J. J. Feeney, 21—17, 15— 21, 19—21,
21—19, 21—20.
A Sudden Death.
William Muehlner, a shoemaker by occupa
tion, 69 years of age, dropped dead, presum
ably from natural causes, Saturday evening in
the San Francisco Turn Verein Hall at 323
Turk street. Muehlner, , who resided at 3-1
Fell street, has been ailing from the effects of
heart disease for some time, and it is supposed
that that disease was responsible for his sud
den death. 7 ... .-.•-.
A ROYALTY couldn't ride a
ROYALTY couldn't ride a i
i more perfect wheel than the J
{MONARCH'
a It's the King of Bicycles. Royal d
Jin every line and feature.^ _^ A
0 guaranteed, h'or children j4^___i _E«_t/__?
_. and adults who want a M/afi EHt/^Vw
0 lower price wheel the _P"3**JBl ISSb^vm
m model., jm. jjo, %ky>. j-.-,. ■_~Jn SNBHotßt^m
9 3 and j I'roct m&Jr
Q San Francisco. \R
THESUCCESS^F THE SEASON
THE LADIES* GRILL ROOM
OF THK
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
56
'■Me*****'^
'_**••**£<-_■*'- J__sile*s_j?__?^.
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Pre*:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. 0.1
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . .. . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday C_l_, three month* by mail 1.50
Daily end Fun-ay Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
V___._y Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS. '3.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation ? If
to, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
four address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
telephone Mala— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
1:80 o'clock.
359 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CVV . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
ictil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock,
116 Mm- street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
-corns SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Acent.
MONDAY APRIL 27, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
This week for Santa Rosa.
The last festival is always the best.
In the glory of her gay fiesta Santa
Rosa will be wholly roses.
Monopoly talks of refunding, but the
people demand foreclosure.
The California delegation should take a
look at the National Convention before it
leaps.
It is only reasonable to expect that our
genial sun will show himself at some of
the festivals.
Every man who assists in making San
Francisco a home market helps home in
dustries to revive.
It begins to look as if we will have to
meet the funding bill at tnis session and
fight it to a finish.
The hotel men will not carry away the
idea that California is in any very oppres
sive need of irrigation.
If the Populists help the Democrats out
of the hole this year they will be in the
hole themselves next year.
There will be many a bolt in the Demo
cratic convention, but not one of the kind
that holds the party together.
There is a growing suspicion in the
startled East that Tillman wishes to pitch
fork himself into the Presidency.
The bicycle trade is said to be keeping
up with the bicycle racers in breaking
records, and the business is scorching.
The tariff plank in the Democratic plat
form this year will be planed down to the
most unobtrusive smoothness ever seen.
In Pennsylvania, where spring started
in with torrid weather, there has been al
ready an outbreak of forest fires to help it
along.
Before this week closes the Republicans
of California will be virtually ready to
make it unanimous for an unpledged dele
gation.
The Populists of the Southern States are
infusing a snap into the campaign by
denouncing the Democratic Bourbons as
'•Fraudocrats."
We may now expect the Huntington
rush to take place any day, and California
interest in the proceedings of Congress
will be lively.
An early adjournment of Congress will
please everybody, provided it doesn't oc
cur before the passage of the immigration
restriction bill. 3«>3
Powers has introduced Huntington's
Scheme to the House, but perhaps the
members will refuse to recognize it far
enough to take it up.
Many a bill rustled through the House
has been made to go slow in the Senate,
and the refunding scheme will doubtless
prove to be one of them.
The California delegation has now a
great chance to distinguish itself in main
taining the interests of the Government
and the rights of the people against the
monopoly.
Whoever is nominated at St. Louis will
be the next . President of the United
States, and loyal Republicans will not
quarrel among themselves as to which
favorite shall win.
It is asserted by well-posted men in
Washington that Cleveland believes he has
made everything safe for a gold bug plat
term at Chicago, and is now thinking
about the candidate. .'**»;*"
There are people who are urging it as a
serious proposition that Harrison made a
strong play for a re-election to the Presi
dency when he married a widow and
broke away from his son Russell.
There is a movement among the Silver
Democrats of the . Mississippi Valley to
make a ticket of Boies and Bland, and if
carried through the platform will proba
bly be made up of buncomb and bosh.
Don't forget that The Call, is the only
morning paper in San Francisco that re
ceives the United Press dispatches. If
you wish to get all the news and get it ac
curate you must read The Call every day.
It is reported that in a recent hot spell
in Australia honey was melted in the bee
hives and smothered the bees, thus af
fording a curious parallel to the industrial
hot wave in this country that melted the
free-trade tariff and smothered the Demo
crats. . .- *3.3333 3 , - .
The Republican party has not only
many strong men as candidates* for the
Presidency, but many strong measures for
them to advocate. Protection, bimetal
lism, reciprocity, internal improvements
and subsidies for American shipping
make in the aggregate as great a policy as
any party ever undertook. In the mean
time Democracy is up a tree, and a dead
tree at that. *333
THE EAILEOAD BILL.
Chairman Powers has presented the ma
jority report of the Senate Committee on
Pacific Roads for the refunding of the debt
owed by the aided railroads. It contains
the familiar features upon which the roads
have insisted, and therefore contains noth
ing new. The report accompanying the
bill, however, is so remarkable a produc
tion that it cannot be permitted to pass
I without notice. It is a special plea from
j the railroad point of view, and embodies
| the glaring misrepresentations which have
been so often refuted and without which
the presentation of the j bill would have
been impossible. It studiously ignores
every argument against refunding, and
could not have been more unfair and
partisan had it been written by the rail
road attorneys themselves. . ' s .
It cays, for instance, that "the acts of
.Congress prescribing the provision to be
made by the companies for the repayment
of bonds and the interest thereon have all
been fully complied with by the com
panies." It confesses, however, that the
acts passed to provide for this discharge of
the debts have not succeeded in accom
plishing that end. This has reference
principally to the Tburman act, which
provided for a sinking fund. Thus the
report places all the blame for the failure
on the acts of Congress and none whatever
on the aided roads. It completely ignores
the notorious fact that the earnings of the
Central Pacific were not only crippled by
the building of the Southern Pacific to
j New Orleans and by a necessary division
of the traffic, but were actually and de
liberately used in building up the Southern
Pacific, probably for the express purpose
of preventing the accumulation of an ade
quate sinking fund for the Central Pacific
and the payment of its debt by that means.
The impoverishment of that fund has
given an excuse for refunding, and that
was doubtless what the Central Pacific was
aiming to accomplish. Meanwhile the
owners of the road have enjoyed those
earnings and the Government has been
deprived of them. Was that a full compli
ance with the provisions of the acts?
The entire report bristles with evidence
of this eager partisanship. Bald misstate
ments abound. It asserts that for the
Government to enter into possession would
necessitate the immediate payment of $61,
--385,000 of first mortgage bonds, and ig
nores the fact that the holders of the bonds
are not only willing but too anxious
to accept Government bonds in their stead
bearing a low rate of interest. The report
assumes that foreclosure would result in
Government ownership, whereas no ground
whatever for such an assumption exists,
for as the Central Pacific is the shortest
and most valuable overland road and
would yield handsome revenues under
honest management it would undoubtedly
find purchasers at a handsome figure.
The excuse for the bill is the cool as
sumption that the roads will be more hon
est in the future than in the past. In
order, however, to provide against possible
dishonesty the bill increases the security.
That is a curiously paradoxical position.
The increase of the security will only make
foreclosure in case of default more diffi
cult. Meanwhile the Southern Pacific can
play with another competing road from
California to Salt Lake the old trick tU3t
it played upon the Central Pacific in order
to avoid paying the debt hanging over it.
A DEFECTIVE LAW.
The Sacramento Bee has bad a remark
able experience with the libel laws and is
justly dernanaine that they be amended.
As the matter is of great importance, af
fecting the cenera! community as well as
threatening the entire press of the State,
the history of the case will prove instruct
ive.
In August, 1892, a Sacramento merchant
was arrested on complaint of a woman ser
vant charging him with criminal assault.
The Bee, following one of the most firmly
established rules of journalism, secured an
interview with the woman, in which she
gave the particulars of the assault,
although her statement, unlike the com
plaint, was that only an attempt at as
sault had been made. In the same article
giving this interview and the news of the
issuance of the warrant the Bee published
an interview with the merchant, in which
a denial of the truth of the charge was
made. All this, as every newspaper pub
lisher is aware, was following an estab
lished rule of newspapers to publish both
sides of a serious charge in the main
tenance of a perfectly fair and impartial
attitude.
The examining magistrate held the mer
chant to answer on the woman's charge,
but the defendant was discharged on
habeas corpus proceedings. He then
brought a suit for damages in $50,000
against the Bee. The case was tried in the
Superior Court without a jury and judg
ment was rendered against the Bee for
$500. The Supreme Court has recently
sustained an appeal from this judgment.
While the text of that decision is not at
hand, the inference seems to be that news
papers run counter to the law of libel
under this decision when they publish, in
addition to the allowable news furnished
by a criminal complaint, the detailed
statement of the complaining witness,
even though the defendant's contrary
statement is published at the same time
and no desire to work him an injustice is
presumable.
This is the Bee's interpretation of the
decision, and it is the best position to
understand the matter. The law as it
stands thus puts a severer gae on the
press of this State than exists in any other
civilized country, and it is one that ex
poses the public as • well .as the press to a
wide range of dangers. It is, therefore,
incumbent on the newspapers of Califor
nia to urge such an amending of tbe law
as will make it conform to modern ideas
of liberty and enlightenment.
DECREASING REVENUES.
Our Democratic friends will have some
difficulty in explaining a number of things
when the campaign is fairly opened. As
yet they have given us no intimation of
the line of defense they propose to take.
The country is greatly interested over
guesses as to how the Democrats can ex
plain away the* relation between decreased
internal revenues and free, trade. By
attempting to increase revenues for gov
ernmental through a tax on in
comes the Democratic party confessed that
it did not expect the Wilson-Gorman tariff
to produce as large revenue customs as a
protective tariff did, bat doubtless the
party never took - into account the possi
bility of free trade curtailing internal rev
enues as well. It is true that an increase
of 20 cents a gallon was made in the tax
on spirits, but the assumption is that this
was expected to produce a clear increase in
internal revenues to that extent.
Doubtless Mr. Cleveland has been aston
ished as well as dismayed to discover that
even with this increase in the tax on spirits
the internal revenues have fallen off enor
mously since the Wilson-Gorman bill went
into effect in October. 1894. The bill had
been in force for nineteen months down to
the close of * last month. But during that
time the internal revenue receipts were
$201,069,8123 as against $231,222,122 for the
first nineteen months during which the
THE SAN FRANCISCO : CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1896.
McKinley law was in force. This is a dif
ference of more than $30,000,000. and we
may expect the monthly average to con
tinue until the present tariff is abolished
for a protective measure.
Nothing else should have been expected.
When producers and manufacturers are
compelled to go out of business by reason
of impossible competition with the cheap
standards of Europe there is bound to be
financial distress. Hard times make econ
omy necessary, and the internal revenues
must suffer.in consequence. .
While this deficit in internal revenues is
going bravely on there is, of course, a sim
ilar deficit in revenues on imports. The
total customs receipts for the first nine
teen months of the McKinley tariff were
$566,019,004, and those of the Wilson-
Gorman tariff for a similar period were
$481,423,501, showing a difference of over
$85,000,000 for only nineteen months. This
is particularly instructive, in view of the
fact that one of the most stoutly urged
Democratic objections to a protective
tariff was that it could not produce suffi
cient revenues, and that the encourage
ment of importations by offering low im
port charges under free trade would vastly
Increase the revenues.
Thus Democratic free trade has reduced
both import and internal revenue receipts.
And yet these are but the smallest of its
evils. In the hardships and ruin that
have been imposed on American indus
tries we see the deeper and more far
reaching effects of this un-American idea.
HARMONY AND PROGRESS.
The movement for the consolidation of
all the improvement clubs of the City is
the most encouraging evidence of an in
telligent co-operation that has ever ap
peared in the growth of San Francisco.
It points to an early breaking down of sec
tional jealousies, to a fairer distribution of
municipal funds for public improvements,
and to the wider cultivation of a progres
sive spirit.
The improvement clubs, as we under
stand them, are those which have been or
ganized in certain districts for improve
ments within restricted limits. Besides
seeking to secure for themselves a fair
share of the public funds, these districts
cultivate public spirit among their resi
dents, to the end that improvements prop
erly made by private expenditure shall
receive prompt attention. These are
strictly sectional organizations, and they
have been accomplishing a great deal of
good for themselves directly and for the
City at large indirectly. Besides these are
comprehensive organizations working to
the same end on somewhat different lines.
They are not organized by districts, but
are composed of residents from all parts
of the City. Among these are the Mer
chants' Association, the Boulevard Asso
ciation, and the Cycling Board of Trade.
No scheme for the organization of im
provement clubs would be complete with
out including them.
The plan of organization contemplates a
central working body com posed of repre
sentatives of the various component
bodies. This central body will sit as a
court of justice and promotion. The
power which it will be able to wield will
be enormous, and care will have to be
taken that this power be not abused. So
far as we are informed the idea in its
present shape is a novelty, and as such it
will be an experiment requiring the
highest judgment in its trial. Not the
least of its difficult problems which will
show themselves will be a wise adjust
ment of the needs of the City in the way
of improvements and the public ability to
supply them. In weighing this matter
the best method for raising money will be
quite as important as the amount required.
It is sufficient for the present merely to
hint at these matters. The main thing
now is to congratulate the City on the
birth of a true co-operative spirit that will
eventually redeem the City from its present
backwardness and set it fairly in the road
to the greatness which awaits it. From
considering the immediate needs of the
City itself this movement will be extended
in time to the fostering of the State condi
tions on which the prosperity of the City
depends. As the metropolis of California
San Francisco has a duty lying far be
yond the municipal boundaries.
COAST 'EXCHANGES.
The Yreka Journal says that James
Palmer, J. A. Davis, David E. Miles and
W. J. Branstetter have incorporated the
McCloud Valley Railroad with a capital of
$1,000,000 and that construction will
soon begin. The road is to run from Mott
into Squaw Valley to tap the splendid for-,
ests of sugar pine and spruce abounding
on the great plateau south of Mount
Shasta, and will ultimately be extended
to Lassen County. Our exchange there
fore predicts lively times for the mountain
region of Northern California. The tim
ber region to be penetrated contains, next
to the region along the upper Rogue River
in Oregon, the finest and most extensive
body of sugar pine in the world. . \7
The San Bernardino Index furnishes
complete particulars of the transfer of the
Nevada Southern Railroad under foreclos
ure sale. It was bought by an Eastern
company, which intends to extend the
road to Good c Springs, Nevada. Concern
ing the plans of the company its attorney,
Judge Dillon, said:
"Our company will proceed in a novel
manner in the way of construction and
will put into service one thing which is
entirely new. The California Eastern
Transportation Company will ? precede the
California Eastern Railroad Company,
and the former will be operated by means
of steam wagons— motocycles. These will
be used for the double purpose of carrying
on the work of the transportation com
pany and making the grade for the exten
sion of the road. We believe that they
can be operated successfully and more
economically than teams, and will serve
to establish a line through to Goode
Springs at once."
Meanwhile the San Bernardino Times-
Index confirms the rumor that the Santa
Fe is preparing to make provision for the
approaching loss of the Atlantic and Pa
cific. The Southern Pacific will likely re
sume possession of that part between Mo
jave and The Needles, and the stretch
from The Needles- to Albuquerque will be
sold under execution. The Santa Fe,
therefore, is preparing to build from Bar
stow and take in Victor and Oro Grande
on the northeasterly march. With the
Southern California line already in its pos
session the Santa Fe will have a complete
and independent | system penetrating the
southern end of the State. " '■
A curious example of the benefits accru
ing from railroad competition is furnished
thus by the Orange County Herald:
As a result . of the ; opening of the new
electric line from Los Angeles to Santa
Monica the railroads between those two
points have : dropped the fare down to 35
cents, and there is* a probability that it
will yet be reduced to 25 cents. - - **
\ Hitherto the Southern Pacific Company
held a monopoly of this traffic.
If the announcement made by the San
Bernardino Times-Index ,on the authority
of 0. D. Gass is true, Southern California
has discovered a new source of wealth not
inferior to Its petroleum deposits. Mr.
Gass says he has found a ledge of coal in
Richie Canyon that is fourteen feet in
width on the surface and which he has
traced for a considerable distance. He
says the coal is bituminous and of excel
lent quality, and states that he will thor
oughly exploit the indications. Thus far
the "coals" discovered south of Mount
Diablo have been lignites. As a rule the
geological indications are not favorable to
the discovery of true coal, but as Califor
nia is constantly presenting surprises the
incredible may be expected to happen at
time. :*."'-
The Stockton Independent says: Plans
have been filed with the County Recorder
for a large creamery to be erected in Wood
bridge. The plans bear the names of many
well-known ranchers from that part of the
country, among whom are H. Beckman,
John Keller, R. J. Parsons, William Beck
man, W. Lanherst, J. Hutchins, H. C.
Beckman, J. C. Thompson, F. W. Edson,
T. E. Jones, H. F. Beckman, George M., J.
S., Walter and- Ado Pittman, David Ket
tleman, A. H. Cowell, A. Boyce and Al
fonso Jones. The growth of the dairy in
terest has been so rapid within the last
three years that the time is near when
California will be an exporter instead of
an importer of butter and cheese.
The Fresno Watchman furnishes encour
aging news from the new oil region in the
Coast Range foothills near Coalinga,
southwest of Fresno. Wells are being rap
idly sunk, some already producing gener
ously, and now there is a movement on
foot for a refinery.
It has been so long since Bodie was at
the height of its fame through its rich gold
mines that it is encouraging to see the
Mining Index of that place calling atten
tion to the still undeveloped mineral
wealth of that district and the ease ann
profit with which it may be brought to light
by the employment of electric power.
Says our contemporary:
If these mines, operated in a small way,
with limited facilities, return to practical
men twice as much for their labor as they
can earn elsewhere, besides paying a gen
erous royalty to the owners, how much
more could they be made to yield if oper
ated on an extensive scale, in a compre
hensive manner?
The Los Angeles Times, discussing the
recent wonderful gold discovery in the Mo
jave Desert already announced by The
Call, corroborates the first report that
the ore yields almost incredible returns.
The ledge is at Randsburg, fifty miles
northeast of Mojave. The average yield is
about $65 a ton. A new vein, discovered
by H. C. Ramey and B. B. Somers, runs
from $8000 to $10,000. The vein is inclosed
in a mica schist formation, and the ques
tion is as to whether it will hold out. Our
exchange adds:
Unfortunately, there are some serious
drawbacks to the development of the
Randsburg properties. There is no mill
there for reducing the ore, and all the
water used has to be hauled from Cow
Wells, twelve 'miles distant, and sells for
$2 a barrel. Water for milling purposes
could be had, however, by boring at a
point only six or eight miles distant. There
is a small mill at Cow Wells, but it is ut
terly inadequate to the demand, and at
present ore is piled on every dump, wait
ing for the mill. Mr. Smith believes that
electricity will eventually solve the prob
lem for this and hundreds of other mining
properties in the desert region which are
now practically unproductive for lack of
power to operate mills. The distance to
Kern River is only thirty-two miles. If
the abundant energy which that river could
furnish were conducted by wire to these
mines it would result in industrial activity
in this whole region, and the development
of untold wealth. : '
It seems odd that a delightful town
which never has any really cold weather
should be called Winters, and that is what
has set the Winters Express to telling of
the superb attractions offered by that
choice spot in the Sacramento Valley.
Its shipping of fruit to the Golden Gate
City is only a fourth, and a small quarter
at that, of its production. From Winters
200 cars carry green fruit to the East, and
it takes seventy cars filled with dried fruit
to partly meet Eastern requirements. Be
sides this it has numerous other indus
tries and a long list of opportunities for
the profitable investment of capital.
According to the Santa Maria Times,
Someo, the present terminus of the Santa
Margarita terminus of the Southern Pa
cific, is growing rapidly. Lumber is al
ready on the ground for a large hotel.
The Otay Press thus announces a valua
ble discovery:
Few people are aware that hazel nuts, so
common to people from the Middle States,
can be successfully raised in this portion
of the State. They have been tried, how
ever, with great success. They will bear
abundantly from the first year of planting,
and the second and third year they will
produce nuts plentifully enough to insure
a very handsome profit to the grower.
The market price of hazel nuts is from 12
to 15 cents per pound, and tt ose who have
tried them state that from $500 to $1000 per
acre can be made in their culture.
Mrs. C. M. Austin, who has so ably
edited the Moreno Indicator, has been suc
ceeded by Will L. Fetter.
The Nevada, Tribune, Reno, shows great
vigor under the new management of C. A.
Norcross & Co. •■-'•'**■ -3. •'•■'■
The Sutter Independent has entered on
its tenth year with a large and steadily
increasing subscription list and the confi
dence and respect of its readers.
Leading Republicans at Ogden have
taken steps to start a strong paper there
advocating free silver and protection.
* Hueneme is proud of Its enlarged, pros
perous and enterprising Herald.
The Redlands Citrograph sits perched on
the graves of many of its dead competitors,
while extending a hospitable hand to a
new paper ready to enter the field.
Now that the Salt Lake Tribune is
twenty-five years old it feels a sober dig
nity tempering its aggressive energy.
• The Amador Record looks handsome in
the new form, which an increase of its
business made necessary.
The Santa Monica Outlook has received
the added strength of D. G. Holt's assist
ance as owner in partnership with Robert
C. Gillis. . " ;
Edward Wasson and Wilbert Cobler are
now ably turnishing the illuminating
power for the Riverside Searchlight.
7 ■'■ ■'■■ i ' ' ■. '.- ' - ..ii.,;-'*'"-
Larkspur, Marin County, now has a
bright little weekly- called the Record,
edited by W. H. Purtelle.
San Jose has an able new Populist paper,
the New Charter published by Elgin C.
Hurlbert and M. W, Wilkins.
The Telephone is an aggressive new Popu
list paper published at Oakland by I. Van
Buskirk ana A. Bretz. • -** - ' \
The Guadalupe Standard has been en
larged and shows other evidence of a richly
deserved success. :•- -
The Tuolumne Independent is com
placently accepting the flattering congratu
lations it is receiving since beginning its
twenty-fifth volume.
The Ventura Independent, successor to
the Advocate, has at once caught the ad
miration and support of that section.
The Sutter County Farmer has entered
upon its sixteenth volume with a success
ful past and a hopeful future.
L. D. Clark is about to begin the publica
tion of the Saturday Mercury at Palermo,
Butte County.
SAID ABOUT MR. CLEVELAND.
If Cleveland Is bigger than his party it is be
cause he has knocked his party into a cocked
hat.— Chattanooga News.
President Cleveland is very coy for a leap
year candidate. He cannot be induced to de-
Clare his intentions.— Buffalo News.
Mr. Cleveland may be a great sportsman
among statesmen , and a great statesman among
sportsmen, but he is a poor statesman among
E. D. Kelly, President of the Nevada Press Association, tho Oldest Editor in
Nevada and Owner of the Reno State Journal.
'"$ [Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.] 3^3
statesmen, and not much of a sportsman among
sportsmen. City Journal. T ' 3
Various recent rumors seem to indicate that
President Cleveland wrote a letter declining
the nomination, and then lost it— New York
Press.
President Cleveland is firmly of the opinion
that the American people do not take sufficient
interest in the play "Called Back."— Chicago
Dispatch.
As Grover Cleveland is busy, the American
people will take it upon themselves to refuse,
in Mr. Cleveland's behalf, a third term.—Wich
ita Eagle;
Grover writes that he approves of Shakes
peare. Had William lived until now Grover
would' have been glad to have shaken hands
with him, and put him on his visiting list. In
fact, Grover inclines to the belief that, barring
one, Shakespeare was about as big a man as
ever lived.— Louis Star.
It is remarked that Mr. Cleveland did not go
with the faithful on their recent pilgrimage to
the tomb of Jefferson. Mr. Cleveland prob
ably thinks that Jefferson should be permitted
to sleep. If Democrats would do less talking
about Jefferson and more about Jefferson's lat
est successor they would please Mr. Cleveland
better.— Kansas City Journal.
JIM'S CHAMPION.
When Jim was dead,"
"Hit sarved him right," the nabors sed.
An' 'bused him for the life he'd led,
An' him a lying thar at rest
With not a rose upon his breast:
Ah ! many a cruel word they sed
When Jim was dead.
••Jes' killed hfsself !" "Too mean ter live
They didn't hey one word ier give
Of comfort as they hovered near
An' gazed on Jim a-lying there!
"Thar aln'tjno use ter talk," they sett
"He's better dead!"
But suddenly the room crowed still.
While God's white sunshine seemed ter fllr
The dark place with a gleam of life.
An' o'er the dead she bent— wife!
An' with her lips close, close to his.
As though he knew and fe t the kiss,
She sobbed— a touchiu' sight to see
"Ah, Jim was always good ter me!"
I tell you when that come to light
It. kinder set the dead man right,
An' round the weepiu' woman they
Th rowed kindly arms of love that day,
An' mingled with her own they shed ■ ':■■-'. :* ;
The tenderest tears —when Jim was dead.
-, -•'BANK L. t3TANTO*S*.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Sir Robert Ball says the sun is shrinking at
the rate of nine inches daily.
At the Hotel Drouot, Paris, one of the fa
mous hats of the first "s'apoieau was hotly con
tested for, and finally knocked down at 525
francs. . ■ -y7 '77\:7'7: '77777.
Dr. P. Esternaux, a Frenchman, has been
chosen by Emperor William to act as tutor to
his two sons when they enter the cadet school
at Ploen. .." .
Paul Verlaine, In addition to a bust in the
"Poet Corner" of Luxembourg Gardens, is to
have a similar honor paid him at Nancy. Pos
sibly Aletz, where Verlaine was born, will fol
low suit. * .„*_*'.
Field Marshal; Yamagata's military rank is
higher than that |of any other foreigner who
has ever visited this country. ; Foreign gener
als of various grades have been entertained
here, but a field marshal is a novelty.
Er. William Howard Russell; the famous war
correspondent of the London Times,; is, 7s
years of age. He has been connected with the
Thunderer since 1843. He corresponded with
I that journal during the Crimean war, the In
dian mutiny, the American civil war, the
| Prusso-Austrian and tho Franco-German
| wars. : 1-77'
The Jews in Russia have lost one of their best
friends by the death of Dr. Sergius Alexan
drovitch Berschadski, professor of the Imper
ial University and the Lyceum ' in . St. Peters
burg. He had not a drop of Jewish blood in
his veins, but he devoted the greater part of
his short-lived career to the interests of that
race, and particularly to researches into their
j history ia Russia, Poland and Lithuania.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
E. D. Kelly, president of the Nevada Press
Association, who is here with the members of
the organization from the Sagebrush State, is
the oldest caitor in Nevada.
He has had a career full of interest, and as
owner and editor of the Reno Journal, a min
ing silver paper, he has made himself felt in
his State. But he started and successfully con
ducted several other papers "before he settled
down at Reno.
Mr. Kelly was in the famous White Pine ex
citement, and he was at Virginia City when it
was a hustling camp. Likewise he has been m
many other like places, visiting them and hav
ing to do with them more or less, as long as
they lasted. - - -
The father of Nevada journalism was born in
New York, but came to lowa in his youth and
settled in Davenport. He got the California
gold fever early and set out for the mines.
"I crossed the plains into California," he said
yesterday at the Occidental, never wanted
to see the Humboldt plains again. But I was
back in Humboldt in 1861 and established tho
first newspaper there.
"it was the Humboldt Register at Unionville.
Eight years later I took the material to Elko
and established the Elko Independent, a paper
that is running yet and the editor is here.
"I sold out the Independent and returned to
Humboldt County,giocatlng at Wlnnemncca.
where I started the Silver. State. I ran that
paper twenty years and then sold out and
bought the State Journal at Reno.
"I took charge in January, 1891, and am
publishing a daily and weekly. The paper is
for sliver straight. That is the whole story.
I would go for any tariff or none, to remone
tlze silver. That is all the politics I have got.
The Daily State Journal is published every
morning. It is 24x36 inches in size. Getting
the press dispatches is about the heaviest cost.
"The Nevada Press Association was organ
ized last fall. This is the first excursion we
have ever had and every one of us has enjoyed
it to the fullest extent."
PERSONAL.
C. E. Clark, 17. S. N., arrived at the California
last night.
Dr. L. L. Young, U. S. N., is among the
Palace guests.
Thomas Hopper and wife of Santa Rosa are
at the Baldwin.
John Sparks, the cattle king of Reno, Nev.,
is a Palace guest. ■' "77: "3
John B. Farisb, a mining engineer of Den
ver, Colo., took apartments at the Palace last
night. > '-, ' :'7-
Lieutenant D. M. Addison, U. 8. N., is regis
tered at the Palace.
J.N. Hawlcy, a merchant of New York, is
registered at the California.
John Raggio, a merchant of San Andreas, ar
rived at the Grand yesterday. .3 7
Ben Cirkle of Chicago, whose interests are in
Colorado mines, is at the Baldwin. •
A. T. Ferguson, a hotel man of Baker City,
Or., is a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
F. D. Nicol, the Stockton* attorney, was
among the arrivals at the Lick yesterday.
Richard Inch and Elliot Snow, two naval
officers from. Mare Island, are at the Occi
dental.
Dr. Herman Falk and M. Falk of Hamburg
and Dr. Baessler of Berlin arrived at the Palace
yesterday. .33;
A. F. Tenny, preprietorof theTenny Packing
Company.with his wife are staying at the Cos
mopolitan.
W. J. Hotchklss, who is Interested in the
fruit cannery at Healdsburg, Is among the
guests of the Rnss. >" :._;>' s
Judge Edgar Aldrioh ol the United States
Circuit of New Hampshire, is at the Occidental,
registered from Littleton.
E. M. Mclntire, a wholesale grocer of Day
ton, Ohio, arrived at the Palace yesterday with
his wife on a bridal tour of the West.
George J. Cook, who controls,- large lumber
interests in Canada, is at the Occidental with
his wife and Miss Harris, registered from
Toronto. .7*3 "^
G. R. Saunders, one of the directors of the
street railway of Pleasanton, Kans.,'is at the
Russ with his wife. They will sail in the Mari
posa for Honolulu. *
J. A. Morgan and wife of Chicajro are at the
Russ. Mr. Morgan is Interested in mining
properties in Colorado and his visit here is
simply for pleasure.
Dr. C. W. Nutting, a physician of Etna, Cal.,
who has been in attendance at La Fiesta de
Los Angeles with his two boys, is here on his
way home ; he is at the Grand.
J. H. Hughes, the proprietor of a large whole,
sale fruit and produce company, with branches
lv Ogden and in Grand Junction, Colo., is at
the Palace, registered from Salt Lake City.
Count James Pourtales, who visited hero
with his Countess several weeks ago, is at the
Palace.. He is heavily interested in Colorado
mines and was one of the first developers of
Cripple Creek mines. His home is in Colorado
Bprings. - - " -
Professor R. A. F. Penrose Jr., two years ago
non-resident lecturer in geology at Stanford
University, arrived at the Palace last night
from Philadelphia, accompanied by Lewln W.
Barringer and D. M. Barringer, also of Phila
delphia.
B. F. Ray and C. Baittcher, Denver capital
ists, arrived at the Occidental last night with
their wives and a party consisting of J. T. Ray
and Miss Ray of Muskegon, Mich., E. P. Ell
wood of De Kalb, 111., and J. F. Stewart Of Pc
oria, 111. The whole party has just come from
a visit in Southern California and ere continu
ing what is an extensive pleasure trip.
A party of Stanford University law students
arrived "in town last night to be on hand to
take .the bar examinations In the Superior
Court to-day. The embryo lawyers are: J. C.
Applewhite. P. R. Frost, M. L. Anfenger, N. E.
Malcolm and W. C. Daub.
Henley Booth, the young attorney and news
paper correspondent of Santa Barbara and sec
retary of the County Republican Committee,
who took the part of the wrestler in the out
door presentation of "As You Like It" during
the flower carnival, is a guest of the Grand.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
When yon married me yon said yon
were well off.
He— l was, but I did not know It— Vanity.
"What is the best sign of spring weather?"
"That delightful feeling which makes yon
want to sit down and watch other people
work."— Chicago Record.
He (in an argument)— thank goodness,
I'm not two-faced. . 777-y ■
She— You ought to be thankful. One face
like yours Is enough.— Texas Sittings.
They seemed to be exceedingly
Well suited each to each;
He was tbe apple of her eye,
And he thought her a peach.
—Detroit Tribune.
Fond Parent— Here are two sixpences for
yon, Bobby, to put in your little bank.
Bobby— l'd rather have a shilling, if you've
got it, pa.
Fond Parent— What for?
Bobby— 'Cos it won't go through the hole-
London Tit-Bite. ..*-;-: ■■:■>■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Bane or England Coin— C.L.,Fortuna, Hum
boldt County, Cal. A $1 piece issued by the
Bank of England In 1804 can be purchased for
from $2 50 to $3 50.
A Cap— J. P., City. The diagram of the
cap in your communication is that of the cap
worn by the Metropolitan police of New York
a number of years ago.
Cleveland's Children— N. H. R., Stockton,
Cal. President and Mrs. Cleveland have
three children, all daughters born No
vember 3, 1891; Esther, born September 9,
1893, and Marion, born July 7, 1895.
Emma Yaw— J. P., City. The anecdote al
luded to probably refers to Emma Yaw, whose
wonderful high notes have attracted the at
tention of so many, but this department Is un
able to furnish the date of the publication.
Photography— B. E., City. As this de
partment is not advertising "the best book to
obtain help to an amateur in photography,"
it must, advise you to call on any first-class
dealer in books and he will tell you what you
need.
Razors— C. G., City. There are a number of
places In the United States where razors are
made— blades and handles. Razors are made
in San Francisco; Springfield, Boston, North
Hadley and Worcester, Mass.; Philadelphia,
and in Bridgeport and Sonthington, Conn.
Johnson's Politics— M. E. X., Madera, Cal.
On the 17th of September, 1873, a Democratic
State Convention in session in Sacramento
named the Democratic State Central Commit
tee, and Grove L. Johnson was one of that
committee. In 1880 Grove L. Johnson was a
member of the committee on resolutions of the
Republican State Convention that met in Sac
.ramento on the 29tn of April.
Prince op Wales— H. R., Stockton, Cal.
The following are the names ot the children
born to the Prince and Princess of Wales:
Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence, born January
8, 1864, died January 13, 1892; George Fred
erick, Duke of York, captain in British navy,
born June 3, 1865, married July 6, 1893, to
Princess Victoria Mary (May) of Teck ; Louise,
born February 20, 1867, married July 27 to
Duke of Fife; Victoria, born July 6, 1868;
Maria, born November 26, 1869; Alexander,
born April 6, 1871, died the following day.
YOUNG GIRL'S DRESS.
A pattern Is here shown which I* paricularly
well adapted to the making of graduation
dresses, or dresses of washable materials.
China and- foulard silks and taffetas develop
well after this model, as well as challies and
the softer materials of wooL
A novelty wool of blue, white and _""»wn
checks was very daintily mads with & bine and
brown changeable taffeta for the full parts of
the waist.
A blue crepon had these same gathered parts
of the waist open all over embroidered ecru
batiste, which was finished off with ribbon
around the top and at the waist.
Dresses of gingham are daintily trimmed as
shown in the illustration, with narrow frills of
embroidery. The turn-over scant ruffle on the
collar is one of the new fads. c
White lawn trimmed in the same way is ex
quisite, with collar, belt and shoulder-bows oi
Dresden ribbon, the collar and belt being fin
ished with bows at the back.
Strangers, take home Townsend's California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market, Palace Hotel.
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Lord Rutherford Clark, a Scotch Judge, is a
nimble old gentleman of 70 who has twice
won the first prize for golf at Cannes.
Do not put off taking a spring medicine. Little
aliments if neglected will soon break up the sys
tem. ' Take ' Hood's Sarsaparilla now to expel
disease and give you health and strength.
Important Change of Time.— Tho 12th Inst
the Northern Pacific Railroad inaugurated a don bis
dally passenger service between Portland and St
Paul, making a saving of ten boon between Port
land and Chicago. These are the fastest and finest
equipped trains that ever were run out 'of the Pa
cific Northwest. The superior accommodations in
our passenger equipment recommend our line to
all. Ours Is the only line that runs diuln_;-cars out
of Portland. T. K. , STATELER, general agent,
638 Market street San Francisco.
••airs. IVinalow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over BO years by millions of mothers
for their children w_U* Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay.
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether artslo?
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Bo sura and ail.
for Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup, -be a bottle.'
g Coronaso.— Atmosphere |la perfectly dry. •*&
and mild, and jis entirely free from th« mist* co****
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel -at
Cerooado, «60» longer stay f3 50 per day. Af&t
4 Sew Montgomery su, San Fraiclao*JB___ssS^Ji^^?^^^_4_--a-_!^. v
MONDAY APRIL 27, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater.- "A Parisian Romance ■
California 1 nF>.TE_-"The Politician.'
Columbia THEATKR-Rivarde.
Morosco's Opera-House— -Lady 1,11."
1 ivoi.i Opera-house.— "Blue Beard."
OriPHKiM-Hlgh-Class Vaudeville.
i.rovkr's Ai,*;*,,.- -My Son-in-Law."
..l. .*" ACDiTOßitru— Corner of Jones and Eddr
strem-Prof. D. M. Bristol's Kques-Curriculum.
1 * ! ?^~ A i Palace Hotel (Maple and Mar-
ble Halls). Thursday, April 80.
l>riw^ X H Theater (Oakland)-Peter F.
I)aileyin -The "Sight Cleric" to-nighu Bivarde.
the urea! Spanish violinist, Wednesday evening.
"^ -"*,*■*-> Bomat' Institute of Art.—
exhibition of Paintings. -prmg
ancfel 1 " 0 -Lonky ISLAND-Bathlng and Perform-
bio^isi o?th?pi?r Dal,y at Ua,ght street - °™
Bay District Track— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
iwiJr 5' B ™ D - Thls - A mi 27. furniture, at
1305 Golden ("ate aye., a; 11 o'clock.
By *,„ .V-? 1 -" rHKR - day, April 27, restaur-
ant, at 733 Market st., at 2 o'clock.
-lX- S »,^-V.^ --~ Th • , **>' (Monday), Restaurant,
at 617-619 Montgomery su, at 10 a. if., and Furni-
ture, etc- at 319-321 cutter St., at 11 o'clock.
By Frank BfTTKRFiKLD— Wednesday. April
29, furniture, at 70*' Sutter st. ■,**.*-*
By Killif* Thursday, April 30, Horses
at salesyard, corner Van Ness avenue and Market
ft., at 11 a. m.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
There was a swimming contest at Sutro Baths
yesterday.
The death of Park Policeman Harry Eaton is
announced.
The new Ingleside coursing park is expected
to open on Sunday next.
Dr. J. Simms has presented a number of
curios to the Park Museum.
The Red Men's Shooting Section held an
eagle-shoot yesterday at Shell Mound range.
Pearl Ladd. a gifted California child, will
make her debut as a pianiste on Wednesday.
Generally fair Monday— prediction issued
yesterday by Forecast Official W. H. Hammon.
Miss Essie Viola made a successful balloon
ascent from the.Haight-street ground yester
day.
A number of exciting and closely contested
games were played in the handball courts yes
terday.
The riflemen who shot nitro-powder at the
Bhell Mound range yesterday made the high
est scores.
General Graham has decided that the new
post surgeon of the Presidio shall live on the
reservation.
William Glindemann won the 100-shot rifle
match at Schuetzen Park yesterday, beating J.
Ut3chig by 50 points.
Batteries B and 11, Fifth Artillery, at Fort
Canby have been ordered to San Francisco.
Battery II goes to Canby.
The Chinatown Salvation Army station at
tracted large crowds of visitors yesterday, and
two Chinamen professed conversion.
The Rev. J. George Gibson sang a solo and
addressed a meeting of young men yesterday
afternoon in the Y. M. C. A. building.
Rev. A. M. Russell and Chauncy Parke ad
dressed the Good Citizenship meeting at Met
ropolitan Temple yesterday afternoon.
Preaching on the "Forward Movement," a
series of sermons to be delivered in the Uni
tarian churches, was begun yesterday.
The Corinthian Yacht Club took their first
■squadron cruise yesterday. The new gasoline
auxiliary craft Arcturus was in the line.
Secretary Grassman of the Bakers' Union
pays that during the coming week a boycott
will be declared against the boss bakers.
Miss Lizzie Utschig made the highest score
at Schuetzen Park in the rest-shooting rifle
contest for the Schumann diamond medal.
Coroner Hawkins and Dr. Charles G. Kuhl
mann still hold a difference 01 opinion as to
the cause of the death of Jens W. Sonderup.
The Rev. Paul F. Branke of the little Lu
theran "Landeskirche" baptized twelve in
fants after the dedication service yesterday.
Andrew Welsh had his nose partly bitten off
by an unknown young ruffian with whom he
got into a fight on Eddy street yesterday after
noon.
The Independent Order of B'nai B'rith will,
on the 21st of May, hold memorial service out
of respect to the memory of the late Baron de
Hirscn.
The cricket matches yesterday resulted in a
draw between the Alameda and Pacific clubs,
and a victory for the Bohemians over the Cali
fornia.!.
The British ship Ditton arrived yesterday
125 days from Swansea. During the voyage a
sailor was lost overboard and another injured
by falling from aloft.
Valentine Gadesden, formerly a swell teacher
of singing in this City, has been named as co
respondent in the Yarde-Buller divorce suit.
He also figures as the hero in a novel.
William F. Muhlner, a prominent member
of the Turn Verein. died suddenly from heart
disease last night while a guest at the formal
opening of the bar attached to the hall.
Daniel Crowley, a teamster, was booked at
the City Prison yesterday on two charges of
assault with a deadly weapon upon Daniel
Buckley and James Murphy at East Berkeley.
The Redwood Lumber Company is now in
full operation, with a new price list advanced
B*l to $2 a thousand feet. The company is a
combination of all the redwood manufac
turers.
The University of California hammer with
which all the great individual throws were
made in Saturday's intercollegiate field day
was seven ounces short of the required sixteen
pounds.
Simmons Torrence, a colored boy, was caught
stealing newspapers on Jones street yesterday
morning by G, W. Marlin, a carrier, and was
booked at the City Prison on two charges of
petty larceny.
Rev. F. L. Higgins, for the past two years
pastor of the First New Jerusalem Church, has
tendered his resignation, the same to take
effect July 1. This action is due to some
schism in the church.
A dispatch read last evening before the San
Francisco branch of the Theosophical Society
in America stated that Ernest T. Hargrave had
been elected president of the National order.
?fce-pr^ide t. eShemer had been elected
.hose members of the First Congregational
Church who are dissatisfied with Dr? Brown
are busily looking about for his successor. The
most likely candidates seem to be Dr. Rader of
trns City, Dr. Hatch of Oakland and Dr. Hoyt
of Sacramento. •
LA BELINFANTE'S FAREWELL.
The Blind Prima Donna Has Consented
to Give Two Concert*.
In compliance with many urgent re
quests, Signorina Estrella Belinfante, the
beautiful blind prima donna, has con
sented to give two two farewell concerts
before her departure for the East, en route
for Italy. The, charm of this singer's
voice and style is undoubted, and com
bined with the association of her sad be
reavement, cannot fail to create a furor
as her genius becomes known.
The signorina will be assisted by Herr
Mollenhauer and other brilliant talent at
both concerts. One will be given at
Beethoven Hall on Saturday next, the
2nd inst., and the other on Sunday,
the 3rd inst., at Bersaglieri Hall. Tbe
signorina has been especially drawn to her
own people in this City, and this last con
cert is a peculiar tribute to their mutual
admiration and affection. I
MRS. JOHNSON'S CONDITION.
The Victim of the -Electric Car Is Very
Low.
Mrs. V. N. Johnson, wife of Special Pen
sion Examiner Johnson, who was so
badly mangled by a Turk-street electric
car on Friday, is still in a very precarious
condition. Col. Johnson was seen at his
residence, 612 Van Ness avenue, last even
ing. He said his wife was suffering ex
tremely from the shock to her nervous
system ana the reaction that always fol
lows such severe injuries to the physical
system. Mrs. Johnson's injuries consist
of a fracture of the femur, an injury to the
right knee and bad contusions about the
head, face and hands. Colonel Johnson is
deeply distressed, and stated that what
the result of the shock and reaction will
be is beyond human knowledge or con
jecture. He hopes for the ■ best -and fears
the worst.
THE CONVERSION
OF WONG LUNG
Sunday Scene at the China
town Salvation Army
Station.
BAND OF HEATHENDOM.
How One Backslider Was Led
Into the Saving Fold
Again.
CHINESE MARY IS ALL ALONE
The Only Celestial Woman in the
Army in All the
World.
Wong Lung had been on his knees for
half an hour last evening surrounded by
the detachment of Salvation Army sol
diers, who were pleading with him to de
nounce the gods of his fathers— the im
ages of wood and stone of the heathens-
Scene at the Chinatown Salvation Army Station Last Night W hen Wong Lung
Announced That He Had Been Persuaded to Be a Christian.
and give his heart to the one God of Christ
endom. 3*3
It was not an entirely new experience to
Wong Lung, for he had once before signi
fied a conversion and had joined the Pres
byterian mission in Chinatown. But he
was a backslider of the most pronounced
type, according to his own statement. For
two years he had ceased to attend the
meetings and had fallen in such evil ways
as have their outward forms in fan-tan
and the burning of incense and the pros
tration of the body before the moved
joss. For two years he had passed by the
Presbyterian mission on the other side,
with no signs that he would ever cross
over again.
Then the Salvation Army, with its ban
ners and drums, marched across the plaza,
up into Chinatown and established meet
ing-place in the 800 block of Sacramento
Btreet and invited the heathen to come
and learn of the Cristian God, as they
taught of him.
Two American women, wearing the red
badge, officered the army and the troops
consisted of Jo Kirn, a young Chinaman,
and "Chinese Mary," said to be the only
Chinese woman soldier in the world. They
rented a cottage in the 900 block on the
same street, and the four of them, with
Captain King, a German, went to house
keeping there.
The Chinese corps, as it is called,
quickly became one of the features of
Chinatown. The natives came to the
meetings through curiosity and read upon
the walls the strange texts of the Chris
tian Bible, printed in their own heathen
characters and heard the sons of the
strange God to the thrumming accompani
ment of the banjo and the sonorous wail
of the concertina. For Captain Jackson,
who led the invasion, can play very well
upon this as well as upon the piano, which
also has a place there. And when they
are all going— for Jo Kirn plays the con
certina and Lieutenant Jones the banjo—
and the Chinese audience, each individual
of which has selected his own key, is try
ing to follow the tune, the effect is such as
to appeal strongly to the Chinese musical
ear.
The station met with remarkable success
from the day of the opening on the 18th
of March, and the red badge of the Salva
tionist is beginning to add its distinct
touch to the prosaic of color in the streets
of Chinatown. Captain Jackson places the
number of conversions at about eighty in
the short time, and of these about fifty are
wearing the cap and ribbon. There are no
women. Chinese Mary has still no com
panion of her sex in the ranks.
Wong Lung was among those whose
curiosity led him to follow the flag and
drum into the little meeting-house, and,
being interested, he went again ana again,
and last night he capitulated, and there
was great rejoicing, as *. there is with every
addition to the fast widening fold.
7 He had f been persistently besieged by
the officers and the' soldiers and last night
he consented to be led up to the bench and
kneeled down ; with Captain Jackson and
Lieutenant Jones and Jo Kirn, and' while,
they prayed and sang — they and the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1896.
houseful of soldiers and:auditors-he was
won. When he announced that he had
been fully persuaded to be a Christian the
entire corps sprang up with cries of halle
lujah and the waving of handkerchiefs and
the beating. of the bass drum. Jo Kirn
threw his arms around Wong Lung and
danced a waltz quite after the Christian
fashion.
The noisy rejoicings continued for some
minutes and then the little corps of sol
diers gathered about the new convert and
begged him to say something. And he
did. Speaking in his native Chinese he
said what has been already said about
him: that he was a backslider of the worst
type, but that he had now resolved to be
true to his new faith and give up every
thing to follow its teachings.
Wong is not an ill-looking Chinaman
and his pronouncing himself a superla
tively wicked man must be taken in the
same light with which St. Paul called him
self the chiefest of sinners when he was
really a very proper kind of man— that
self-abasement that is characteristic of the
lately converted Christian.
Two conversions were registered in this
fashion at the Chinatown station yester
day. Captain Jackson says that the con
verts are undoubtedly sincere.
So much has the station attracted the
sightseers of Chinatown that it has been
j found necessary to place a guard at the
door, who forbids the entrance of any but
soldiers of the army and Chinamen, as
the station directs its undivided attention
to the redemption of the heathen. Of all
the converts not one has been regularly
sworn into the army as yet. A certain
period of probation is necessary before
that ceremony takes place. On that date,
which is some two months remote, how
ever, there will probably be an exciting
time in Chinatown.
The services are held in both English
and Chinese. Neither Captain Jackson nor
Lieutenant Jones knows anything of the
For God so loved the world that he
gave his only begotten son that whoso*
ever belie veth' in him should not perish,
but have everlasting life. John, HI: 16.
language of the heathen, but their earnest
ness makes itself understood, and Jo Kirn
and Chinese Mary do the exhorting in the
native tongue. " 3
Jo Kirn is a very intelligent young man
and in his enthusiasm a typical Salvation
ist. He . has been a sworn-iu soldier for
some time and has application in for a
commission. *
Chinese Mary was converted nine
months ago at Santa Rosa and she was
sworn in three months ago. She does not
aspire to be an officer, but is content to
work in the ranks. And she is a hard
worker, too. No one enters into conver
sation with her, be they Christian or
heathen, without being questioned as to
the state of their soul. *
Captain Jackson, in charge of the sta
tion, has traveled all over the coast, her
work being chiefly that of founding new
stations and corps, at which, with Lieu
tenant Jones, she has been very success
ful.
The Chinese contingent is preparing to
take part in the demonstration to Com
mander Booth-Tucker to-day.
THE FORWARD MOVEMENT
A Series of Sermons to Be
Preached in Unitarian
Churches.
The Church and Its Relations to the
Social end Industrial Problems
of Life.
The Rsv. Horatio Stebbins exchanged
pulpits with the Rev. E. D. Payne .of
Berkeley yesterday. A series of six ser
mons are to be given by the Unitarian
ministers on questions touching on the
doctrines of their church and social and
economical issues, otherwise known as
"The Forward Movement." Mr. Payne
discussed "The Unitarian Church and
Social Amelioration" at the First Uni
tarian Church yesterday morning. There
was a large attendance and the discourse
was listened to with much attention.
Mr. Payne, undertook to show that the
so-called economic system of this day
and generation was sorely in need of
amendment. ;. ""."'"* .7 ~7
"It needs to be rationalized," he said,
"and what is true of our economic system
is also true of our civil and political ar
rangements. All need to be rationalized
until we have a free an out and out dem
ocracy of the people and for the people." .
Speaking of the position of the Uni
tarian church on these questions he de
clared that it had to assume some attitude.
"I believe," he said, "that our church
should establish a free forum; should open
up the pulpits to the discussion and study
of economic problems; should make these
great economic problems a part of church
work." 33-33
Mr. Payne expressed the hope that the
day would never come in these United
States when an aristocracy, moneyed or
otherwise, should grow up in this country
and conflict with the rights and privi
leges of the people.
Mr. Payne will speak on this subject at
the Second j Unitarian Church next Sun
day. . At the evening services in the First
Church the Rev. A. J. Wells discussed
"The Deeper Life." At the Second Uni
tarian Church yesterday morning Rev.
W. G. Eliot Jr. spoke on "The Life and
Organization of a Unitarian Church,'' and
in the evening Dr. Stebbins discussed
"The Contentment of Christian Faith."
Both services were largely attended.
TYPOS MEET.
Two Recent Decision* of President Pres
cott Not favorably Received.
The regular monthly meeting of San
Francisco Typographical Union 21 was
called to order in Shiels building at 2
o'clock yesterday afternoon by President
J. J. Galvin. " 3-
The cemetery committee reported prog
ress on improvement of the union's plat
in Laurel Hill Cemetery, and asked lor a
further appropriation of $100, which was
granted. The plat is now one of the hand-
Boniest in the necropolis. < ;
The Bum of $2000 having been expended
from the traveling fund, it was ordered
closed. ::
Two recent decisions . of President Pres
cott of tho I. T. U. were not very favorably
received, and it was decided to appeal both
questions to the executive, council, whose
decision will be final.
After reports from various standing and
special committees, the meeting adjourned.
Iron has for ages been i a favorite * medi
cine. Over 100 different ; preparations *of
iron are known to the medical* chemists.
THE GOING OUT
OF HARRY McGILL.
Promised to Return to Din-
Missing for Three
Months. -
KNEW TRADE SECRETS.
Men in Yokohama Who Were
Interested in Watching His
Movements.
THE DETECTIVES MYSTIFIED.
Left All His Personal Effects Behind.
Was Warned of a Spy Fol
lowing Him.
The going out of Harry McGill has mys
tified and troubled his friends in this City
not a little. Diligent search and inquiry
have been made, but no trace of him has
been found. For three months he has
been missing from his home with the Mc-
Clure family, at 1459 Guerrero street. He
promised to return for dinner and had an
engagement with two ladies that evening.
The Police Department has struggled
with the case fruitlessly. Detective An
thony was given the case for some time,
but he was unable to solve the mystery.
There are grave fears of foul play, for it is
known that McGill had enemies who were
at least interested in watching his move
ments. He was the custodian, also, of im
portant business secrets, some of which, it
is thought, he must have revealed to the
Pacific Mail Company just before his dis
appearance.
Saturday, February 1, Henry A. Mc-
Gill, a young man 24 years of age, lately a
resident of Yokohama, Japan, left the
residence of William McClure, chief engi- v
ncr of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's steamer City of Peking, 1459 Guer
rero street, where he was stopping, for a
short visit downtown and has never been
seen by them since. .'33
McGill was well known in business
circles in Yokohama, being connected
with the well-known firm of T. M. Laffin
& Co., ship chandlers and stevedores of
that city. He had resided there for six
years. Every American vessel visiting
that port had more or less dealings with
the firm through young McGill, and he
was very generally liked and respected for
his good business and social qualities.
He resigned bis position with the firm
and went to Kobe, from which port he
took passage on the Rio Janeiro for San
Francisco early in November. He arrived
here via Yokohama on the 2Ctli of that
month, putting uo at the Golden West
Hotel. January 4 he went to reside with
Mrs. McClure, whose son, George Morse,
engineer on the Zealandia and formerly
on the Pacific Mail steamer China run
ning to Yokohama, was about the only
acquaintance he had in this City on his
arrival. v33^ • -\- • ,
It is now learned that McGill and his
employer, T. M. Laffin, had a disagree
ment and McGill resigned his position,
though Mr. Laffin made strenuous efforts
to retain him and made him very tempt
ing offers. 33 :3
McGill, in his capacity of bookkeeper
and clerk of the firm, was fully acquainted
with certain transactions and business
methods carried on between Laffin & Co.,
who had a valuable billet with the Pacific
Mail Company, and some of the Yokohama
employes of the company.
McGill had an idea that Laffin feared he
would reveal these transactions if he came
to America, and he believed it was only
this fear which made Laffin so anxious to
retain him. It was for this reason and
because he thought Laffin might seek to
prevent his departure for America that
McGill went to Kobe and took passage
there instead of embarking at Yokohama.
After his arrival in this City McGill was
warned several times by a friend whom he
had met in Yokohama that he was being
shadowed by a man sent from that city for
the purpose of observing if he communi
cated with the Pacific Mail Authorities,
and probably with a view of preventing
him from doing so. If such was the case
the espionage was fruitless, for McGill did
have a conference of several hours' dura
tion with the general manager of the com
pany some days before his disappearance.
The news came by the City of Peking,
which arrived Friday, of some startling
changes at tho Yokohama end of the line.
■T. M. Laffin & Co. it appears have lost
their good paying billet, and Captain W.
A. Wall, tug and lighter master, and his
forman have been discharged. 33333
McGill . told | his friends here that an
agent of the Pacific Mail Company ap
proached him on the. steamer at Yoko
hama and offered to refund him the money
he had paid for his ticket to San Francisco
at Kobe and give him a free passage, but
that he had declined to accept it, saying
that he was , able to pay for his passage
with his own money. It is known that on
the Monday following the.disappearance of
McGill an important written communica
tion was sent to him from the office of the
Pacific Mail Company in this City.
"We are all greatly worried over the dis
appearance of Mr. McGill," said Mrs. Mc-
Clure, the wife of the chief engineer of the
City of Peking, to a .Call reporter at her
residence, 1459 Guerrero street, yesterday
afternoon. ."All of us were very fond of
bim. Ho had a gentle disposition, no bad
habits and was very considerate of the
younger members of my household. His
relatives live in Nebraska and Illinois. He
became intimate with my son, George
Morse, when the latter was running as an
engineer on steamers of the Pacific Mail.
On the arrival of the Rio on November 26
George met young McGill on the dock and
subsequently induced him to visit me and
my family. We all liked him so well that
I invited him to make my house his home.
He gave up his room in!; the Golden West
Hotel and about, the first of the year
moved bis belongings to an apartment in
my residence. He was with us about a
month before he disappeared, but during
that short stay he endeared himself to all
of us.
: "He was delighted with his surround
ings, and frequently spoke. of 'home life'
as being a new and very enjoyable experi
ence. 3He addressed me as 'ma' and
treated me with ' the same courtesy and
affection as my own son. When he first
came ' here he gave me - $85, all of the
money" he possessed, to keep for him.
From time to time he asked me for sums
of $5 and $10 for petty expenses. His re
taxations and diversions were those of a
gentleman, and consisted of . visits to the
theaters and other places of interest in the
City, always accompanied by George
Morse or one of his sisters.
"Harry had a splendid wardrobe and
wore handsome jewelry, including a dia
mond ring and scarf pin. His jewelry is
believed to have been worth at least $500.
He became so fond of his home, the first
he had enjoyed since a child, he seldom
left the house. Frequently I urged him
to co out if only for the air and outdoor
exercise. He was a reflective young man,
and I often noticed him wrapped in study.
But he was full of fun and mischief, and a
great favorite with the young folks of my
household. On the Saturday of his disap
pearance, at an early hour in the forenoon,
he asked me for $10, which I gave him.
Ten dollars then remained of the original
deposit.
"Ho made an appointment with my
self and young daughter to meet us at 2:30
o'clock in the afternoon here at the house
for dinner and to escort us to Oakland,
where we were to bid a friend good-by.
Harry left my presence with a smile on
bis lace, and I have never seen him
since that morning. lam always looking
for his return and fight against the
thought that he has been foully dealt
with and probably killed. Still, if he were
alive and well I know he would communi
cate with either George or myself. He left
all his wardrobe and all of his little and
necessary belongings. 333 7;
"I forgot to say Harry told us when he
left the house that Saturday morning he
might hunt up and call on a young lady
lately arrived from Seattle whom he knew
in that city. He. knew she was in San
Francisco; had met her on the street, and
spoke of meeting her again on that Satur
day morning merely as a probability. He
spoke so lightly of the matter no one even
asked him the name of the visitor from
Seattle. Harry's disappearance was not
reported to the police for several days be
cause I did not needlessly care to pain
him.
Four or five d ays after he vanished the
detectives were notified and Officer
Anthony, after a long delay, was assigned
the duty of finding something definite
about the boy's absence. He finally re
ported to me here at home no trace of
Harry could be found and indifferently
expressed the theory he had been drugged
and shipped aboard a vessel bound for the
North Pacific. He also was anxious to
learn if there was any reason existing to
prevent Harry from returning to Japan.
We know that Harry left Yokohama pos
sessed of the esteem of all who knew him
save, perhaps, several persons with whom
he had differed on apparently trivial
matters.
■- If Harry is found and in need it is my
wish that I be communicated with at once.
I have found among his effects nothing to
indicate the exact. place of residence of any
of his family connections or Eastern
friends, if indeed the poor lad really had
any Eastern friends."
AT THE THEATERS.
The Attractions That Are to Be Offered
to the Patrons of the Various
Places of Amusement.*
William H. Keith, the California bary
tone, is to appear to-night at the Columbia
to assist Rivarde, the Franco-Spanish vio
linist, who is to make his debut at this
house. _ A fine programme has been pre
pared.
At the Baldwin Theater Richard Mans
field is to appear this evening as Baron
Chevrial in the startling play entitled "A
Parisian Romance." He will be sup
ported by Miss Beatrice Cameron in the
character of Rosa.
Roland Reed is to continue in stage
politics this evening at the California
Theater. The play in which he and Isa
dore Rush appeared during the past week,
"The Politician," has proved a great
success. 3' • ~
A play with a military tinge is to
be presented at the Grand Opera-house
this evening. It is entitled "Lady Lil,"
and is founded on incidents of the Austro-
Prussian war of thirty years ago.
'•My Son-in-Law" by Leonard Grover is
the title ot the play to be offered at
Grover's Alcazar this evening, with Mrs.
Auzerais Hoyte in the character of Mrs.
Bisbon, the romantic wife. It is an amus
ing play. . .
"Blue Beard" is to remain on the
boards at the Tivoli Opera-house this
evening. The new songs and localisms in
the second edition of the operatic bur
lesque, which are bright, have made a
decided hit. - --'-. .- *-'■
But few attractions that have been
placed on the boards of the Orpheum
Music Hall have given more satisfaction
to the patrons than the Trans-Oceanic
Company. This company, with the mid
eets, appears to-night.
There will be a horse show at the New
Auditorium this evening. Professor M.
D. Bristol will introduce to the audience
thirty trick horses, some of which have
attracted, a great deal of attention in
Europe.
An attraction that drew well in this
City, "The "Sight Clerk," is to be pre
sented to the patrons of the Macdonough
Theater in Oakland to-night by the Peter
F. Dailey Company.
In 1783 the Supreme Court of Massachu
setts declared that the clause in the con
stitution "all men are created free and
equal" was a bar to the existence of slavery
in that commonwealth.
STEW AMUSEMENTS.
ORPHEUM.
O'Fsrrell Etree., Between 'Hoc-ton aa_ PavrML
LAST WEEK—
OF THE FASHIONABLE \
HOPKINS' -T-UHS-OGRAHIG COMPANY!
10 810 ACTS! 10
25 _»_ — ARTISTS! « 85
Positively the Last Week of
THE ROSSOW BROS.
Miniature Sandows and Llllpullan Pugilists.
* .Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera caalri
and Box seats. sue
IST" secure Seats a day In advance. Hundreds
turned away nightly. *: r -i
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
. Two Nights, beginning TO-NIGHT,
PETER F. I»A!LEY
In the most mirth-compelling success,
The aS_-X€3-__3_«3? o_____33El.3EE:
, You Can't Stop Laughing.
Price.-.. . — ..... to SI.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
Next WEDNESDAY E V'O— One Concert Only,
_=II"V"J^PfIID__! !
- The Great Spanish Violinist,
Assisted by M. Al>'K LACHAUME, pianist: MIL
WM. H. KEITH, barytone, and a Grand Orchestra
of Forty fcei«>cte_ Musicians. H. J. Stewart, con-
• ductor: John Marquardt, concert-master. •
Prices— 6oc to SI SO. Seats now selling.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE
OP .jBtJEWm*
-■y ' '.--* ■•*. Cor. California and Mason streets.
The Annual Spring: Exhibition,
Including the James I). Phelan prize painting and
140e_amples In oil awl water colors by resident
artists, also 16 examples In plastic art, Is now
open daily from'- 9 a. *-. to 6 p.m., Including Sun-
days, * Organ Recitals Sunday afternoons from 2
to 4. Admission "sc. *.--•••■*
Concerts Every Thursday Evening.
1 Admission 50c (
I ' ~ ' ~ i T~~
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
rRICOLAIIDtfLCOTTLOD ft c- u»» AnorwruatßJ—
A I MUSICAL
GREAT I EVENT I
FIRSTGRAND CONCERT TO-NIGHT
. . AT 8:15
Introducing Here for the First Time,
The Great Spanish Violinist. - '
Assisted by H. aMIE LACHAUMK. the Pianist:
MR. WILLIAM KEITH. Barytone,
— i GRAND ORCHESTRA
Of Forty Selected Musicians.
MR. H. J. STEWART Conductor
Prices— soc. 75c. $1 and *1 50.
Note- At the Thursday evening concept, by re- J
quest, Mr. Donald de V. Graham wllUse the vocal
soloist. ™
ALHAIMAN SCO'S THEATERS
g*. AT THE g MONDAY,
OALDWInI I.AST WEEK!
RICHARD MANSFIELD
And His New York Garrlck Theater Stock Co.
TONIGHT and Tuesday and Saturday Matinee,
••A PARISIAN ROMANCE."
Wednesday cv«., "The Story of Rod lon, the Stu-
dent"; Thursday evg., "Beau Brammell"; Fri-
day evg. (only time). "The Scarlet Letter" : Satur-
day fist, (by request), "l>r. Jekylland Mr. Hyde"
Monday. May The Strange Adventures of Miss
Brown, with Eddie Foy and a Great Cast.
-'_«_,,._ for Congressman Vote
fl » ** • Tnt »lL for Peter Woolley.
CALIFORNIA For pr f id ? en^ vote for
ONE MORE WEEK!
ROLAND REED
j In the Latest Success,
"THE POLITICIAN,"
OR
THE WOMAN'S PLANK.
Last Week of ROLAND REED as General Joslah
Limber. Last Week of the Great Convention
Seen*. Last Week of ISADORE RUSH as
the 20th Century Woman.
Monday, May 4— Primrose and West's Minstrels.
THE AUDITORIUM.
Frledlander, Gottlob & Co, Lessees and Managers
A I A
lIABVEL! I WON DEB!
TO-NIGHT !
RESERVED SEATS— ISc, 25c, 50.
PROP. BRISTOL'S
EQUES-CURRICULUM ! V
The Finest School of Educated Horses
in the World.
Three million two hundred and sixty thousand
people have witnessed with satisfaction, this ex-
hibition within the past ten years. High-class,
unique, delightful entertainment.
At the matinee children are given a pony ride
about the stage.
AT THE MATINEE-CHILDREN 10c
A
S? ALCAZAR
leggy #\fc-w/%^/\rX
TO-KTIGHT
Leonard Graver's Great Success,
"MY SON-IN-LAW!"
. . MRS. ATJZERAIS HOYTE,
LEONARD GROVER SR., LEONARD GROVEB
JR., HEREWARD HOYTE, MAY NOBLE,
MRS. YOUNG and all the Favorites.
Best Seats. ....sOc, 35c, 25e, 15c and 10c.
Matinees— Sat. and Sunday 20c, 15c, 10c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. Kb.sesti.ve Krki.in-u, Proprietor & Manager
LAST NIGHTS
Of the Brilliant Spectacular Extravaganza,
"BLUE BEARD."
The Pretty Ballets.
The Novel Specialties.
The Coster Bone Medley.
LAST , The Medley of Negro Airs.
TIMES OF' The Beautiful Scene Pictures.
The Gorgeous Electrical Display.
The Wondrous "Kays of Light"
I ancpM.
THURSDAY EVENING NEXT.
Grand Complimentary Testimonial Tendered to
the Favorite Comedian.
— -THOMAS C. LEAKY
A Host of Volunteers, Including JOE CHOYN-
SKI and EDDIE GREAJNEY In a
Friendly Set-to.
NEXT OPERA
« CHIMES OF NORMANDY."
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSUO, Sole Leases and Manajat
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Lawrence Marston' s Sensation,
The Circus ! The Horse "Romanoff!
The Moonlit Ruins!
"It Is a great play."— Y. Herald.
JEvKN'ixo Pricks— 2so anil 9T3. •
Family Circle and Gall err. 10&
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunrlar.
SUTRO BATHS
AND PLEASURE GROUNDS.
• — ALWAYS RUNNING
GIANT WHEEL, HAUNTED SWING,
Mystic Haze, Punch and Judy.
Grand Concert Saturday and Sunday.
Admission 100 ; Children So.
SUTROJBATHS.
REMEMBER, THE—
MONSTER MAYDAY FESTIVAL!
INTERESTING PROGRAMME ALL DAY I
A BEAUTIFUL QUEEN! MAGNIFICENT
FLORAL DECORATIONS 1
ONE THOUSAND CHILDREN IN GRAND
MARCH AND FANCY DANCES I
Admission, 10c. Children, go. ■
ANNUAL ROSE SHOW.
CALIFORNIA STATE
FLORAL SOCIETY!
FA3jAC33 HOTEL.
(Maple and Marble Halls),
APRIL 30, MAY 1 AND 9,
Admission, Day 35 Cents
" Evening (81u51c)..... 50 Cents
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Big Days Friday, Saturday and Sunday. ,
ADMISSION (Adults) 1O CENTS.
CHILDREN-ADMISSION, 6o: CHUTES. So.
Ladies— Chutes. Weekday Afternoons, 6c.
RACINGI RACINGI RACING!
CALIFORNIA~JOCKEY CLUB.
— — WINTER MEETING --•:
Beginning Thursday, April 16th,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
Friday and Saturday." Rain or Shine.
FlVi, OP. MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races start at 2:00 P. m. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the ate
R. B. JIILROY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,.
. Secretary. P resident.
78
RESIGNS BECAUSE
OF A SCHISM
Rev. Mr. Higgins Submits
. to the Will of the
HIT' «x
Minority.
HE WORKED FOR CHRIST
The Retiring Minister Says the
Cause of Religion Is Dearer
Than Self.
HAS A CALL FROM THE EAST.
The Minority Want Another Minister.
Sketch of the First Jerusalem
Church.
Rev. F. L. Higgin*-, for the past two
years pastor of the First New Jerusalem
(Swedenborgian) Church on O'Farrell
street, near Weoster, has tendered his
resignation, the same to take effect July
1. The reverend gentleman expects to go
East at that time to take charge of a
church which it is understood has been
offered him.
Back of this unexpected action on the
part of the Rev. Mr. Higgins lies a little
hit of inside church gossip, culminating
two weeks ago in the resignation above re
ferred to. At that time the pastor told
his people that he could no longer serve
them and asked that the church accept
his action without comment and unan
imously. The members present decided,
not to do anything hastily, and so post
poned consideration of the matter until
yesterday a week ago.
Then Mr. Higgins was asked to explain,
which fit. did by saying that the church
was not unanimous in its support ot him,
and consequently he would be doing the
cause of religion an injustice to continue
working in a field where a schism mani
festly existed. The pastor begged the
congregation to accept nis resignation,
adding that if they did not do so he would
(In the same thing over again. lie urged
that the acceptance in the interest of har
mony be unanimous. In spite of this re
quest nearly one-third of the congregation
voted for his retention.
In October of 1893 Rev. John Doughty,
the leader for twenty-seven years of this
particular section of the Swedenborgian
Society, died. For a time thereafter Mr.
Putnam read the service each Sunday,
and then the Rev. Mr. David was called in
as a substitute, and lor three months
preached to the congregation of the First
.New Jerusalem Church. At the end of
that time Rev. Mr. Higgins was asked to
preach one sermon, which he did.
As the result of this effort Mr. Higgins
was elected over Mr. David pastor of the
Swedenborgian Society, For a time all
went well and then the partisans of Rev.
Mr. David began to mane trouble. A
prominent member of the church, in
speaking about the schism yesterday, said:
"The little celestial church of Sweden
borgians has had a quiet upheaval within
the last two weeks, which will probably
end in the departure of our gentle leader,
the Rev. Mr. Higgins. It seems that a few
of the most worldly ones of the flock desire
a "popular" church, as they express it.
While Mr. Higgins is not a" sensational
preacher he is a scholarly man and
preaches spiritual sermons that are above
the heads of the disaffected of the congre
gation. Unlike the Rev. Dr. Brown ne is
a modest man and does not wish to fill
the pulpit when the church is not a unit
in harmony.
"Three years ago the Rev. John
Doughty died and left this little church in
quite a prosperous condition. For a while
thereafter Mr. Put man read the service.
Then Rev. Mr. David occupied the pulpit.
But when the convention was held here
two years ago the Rev. Mr. Higgins was
called as our minister for one year; at
the close of the year he was re-elected for
three years. One year has passed and all
of his friends thought the church satisfied
and at peace. But it seems there were a
few discontented ones that did not want
to keep to the three years' contract, but
demanded an immediate change; so a
petition was drawn up asking the reverend
gentleman to resign. The petition was
very quietly circulated/but failed to get
signatures. The very apparent dishonesty
of a church not holding to a contract ap
pealed to the secular principle of many.
"So the disaffected thought, as they
knew their man, they would appeal to his
sensibility. =33- >
"One man had the face to lay the case
before the gentleman of God instead of
consulting the church as a whole. It had
the expected effect, and a week ago last
Sunday the Rev. Mr. Higgins handed in
his resignation, which . came as a great
surprise to the many who admired him as
a teacher and expounder of the religion of
the great seer. "
"One said if a thunderbolt had struck him
he would not have been more surprised.
Another, that it was an underhanded,
dishonorable move, that the church ought
forever to be ashamed of. Quite a number
of the. pastor's friends say that they will
not be a party to the transaction by re
maining in the church. , .77
"We have had many exhibitions of the
cruelty of Christianity in this City. If not
the Inquisition, torture to the spiritual
that can dethrone even reason.
"But for this little ohurch to get into the
papers has been the bugbear of the weak-
Kneed, who ought to have stood by their
pastor and cared only for the spiritual
right of the situation."
Rev. Mr. Higgins said yesterday that
those who opposed him did not do so on
personal grounds, but simply because they
preferred another minister.
"As soon as I learned that a minority
preferred some one -else 1 determined that
my duty to the church and the cause of
Christ could only be* fulfilled' by my re
signing. It 'is merely the act of doing
away with self for the cause of Christian
ity. 1 told the majority, those who favor
me, that it was best to accept my resigna
tion unanimously, for by so doing a per
fect harmony would be created where only
discord exists."
The majority of the congregation do not
accept kindly the act of the few who
brought about the resignation of their be
loved pastor. _ The action of Mr. Higgins
does not by any means heal the breach,
and there are those who think that a
schism of a serious character will follow.
Rev. Mr. Higgins preached as usual yes
terday morning, his subject being, "The
Laverof Brass." In his opening remarks
the minister said: - .. **- , __H_KB
"The tabernacle, rich in its costliness
and composed of the consecrated free will
offerings of the people who had > but re
cently been delivered by the Lord's out
stretched hand from Egypt, was the cen
ter of Israelitish worship. Around it the
twelve tribes encamped in a divinely in
stituted order, and within it through the
medium of priesthood the people wor
shiped according to a divinely ordained
method. But the outward worship thus
established was only the representative of
the true spiritual heart worship.
"In the inmost, or holy of holies, was
the golden ark of the testimony, within
which was the decalogue engraven by? the
Lord upon the tablets of stone.
"In the holy place were the gold-cor
The Swedenborgian Church on O'Farrell Street, From Which Rev. Mr. Biggins
Resigns as Pastor Because a Minority Is Opposed to Him.
nered table of shew-bread and altar of in
cense, and the solid golden candlestick.
Outside of this holy place, in the taberna
cle court, were thebrazen altar for sacri
fices, and the brazen layer for washing,
which we are to study to-day."
THE OTHER VIEW.
What Miss ration Hag to Say of the
Hospital Criticism of the
Grand Jury.
Miss Mary Patton, in charge of the train
ing-school for nurses at the City and
County Hospital, has this to say in regard
to the criticism, of the Grand Jury that
made a recent visit to the institution:
"The training-school has been in opera
tion for four or five years. Instead of add
ing to the expense of the institution it has
always been the means of a great saving.
I have twenty-eight nurses under my super
vision there, all of whom are serving the
City at the nominal cost of $10 a month.
There are but four male nurses, and they
serve at certain hours during the day. The
nurses ot the training-school, besides at
tending the operating-room and assisting
in the wards during the day, take active
charge at night. We provide our own sup
plies at no cost whatever to the City.
"The salary list for these nurses is but
$265 a month. The number of patients
averages 300 through the year and these
are served by our nurses and the four
male nurses. "The fact is that instead of
being an expense to be cut off, the City is
really indebted to our nurses. We have
nothing like the accommodations that
other cities supply, such as gymnasiums
and reading-rooms. The cost of these
nurses besides the nominal salary is but
22 cents a day for their meals, and for this
the City gets the benefit oj this large force
of nurses. Tne- members of the Grand
Jury, while we welcome them at any time
to inspect the institution and our work,
are simply not informed of the necessities
of the situation and the customs in other
places." ■..■;", ..; ' 3 -;3
STEALING NEWSPAPERS.
A Colored Boy Caught in the Act by a
Carrier.
Residents on Jones street between Sutter
and Bush have been recently missing
their morning papers. G. W. Martin, a
carrier, marked two papers and lay in
hiding for the thief yesterday morning.
A colored boy came along and Martin
saw him pick up the papers and walk
away with them. He promptly captured
him and took him to the Central Police
Station. There were found upon him a
marked copy of the Examiner and
Chronicle and several copies of The Call.
Policeman Joy took him across to the
City Prison and two charges of petty
iarceny were booked against him. He
gave his name as Simmons Torrence, 15
years of age, a native of North Carolina.
Torrence said he sells The Call, and just
picked up the other two papers as he
wanted to tee something that was in
them. ___ 3
TWO IDEAS OF A DEATH.
Coroner Hawkins and Dr. Kuhl-
Mann on the Word "Trau-
matic."
The Coron.r Maintains That Jens
Sonderup's Death Was Caused
by Tuberculosis.
Coroner Hawkins and Dr. Charles G.
Knhlmann still hold diverse ideas as to
the cause of the death of Jens W. Son
derup, who was struck by a northbound
car about six months ago while attempt
ing to cross Kearny street.
The attending physician, Dr. Kuhl
mann, pronounced the death, which oc
curred last Thursday, to have been caused
by." progressive traumatic cerebro-spinal
ataxia and paralysis," while Dr. Barrett,
who performed the autopsy for the Coro
ner, declares death to have been the result
of tuberculosis. 7'77- 3*3^3 77777
Coroner Hawkins said yesterday: "Dr.
Kuhlmann tried, to get the certificate
through the Health Office for a burial per
mit without notifying me, as he should
have done. The health authorities noti
ned me and I telephoned Dr. Kuhlmann
and asked him about' the case.
. "He made a statement that the family
did not hold the railroad company.respon
sible, and wished the case put through
without an autopsy." He said there was
nothing criminal in the case. This
aroused my suspicions and I insisted that
the body be brought to the Morgue.
' "When Dr. Barrett held the autopsy he
found a different condition of affairs than
reported by Dr. Kuhlmann. Dr. Barrett's
autopsy disclosed the fact that death was
caused by tuberculosis. The body was in
General atrophied by the progress of the
isease. - According to Dr. Barrett's state
ment the cause of death was natural, and
therefore no inquest should be held."
Sierra Club Flection.
At the annual meeting of the Sierra Club the
following members were elected directors for
the ensuing ' year: . | Professor C. B. Bradley,
Professor George Davidson, Professor David
Starr Jordan, Professor Joseph Le Conte.EUiott
McAllister, John Muir, Warren Olney, Pro
fessor J. 11. Senger, Professor J. M. Btillnian.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1896.
TWELVE WERE BAPTIZED
The Little "Landeskirche," on
Howard Street, Duly Dedi
cated Yesterday.
THE TASTEFUL DECORATIONS.
Parents and Sponsors Attend to Sol
emnize an Important Ceremony in
the History of the Church.
The interior of St. Paul's Lutheran
Evangelical Landeskirche, with its taste
ful decorations of flowers, ferns and ever
greens: with its bright new carpet and
furnishings and its well-dressed congrega
tion, in which were a fair quota of pretty
spring bonnets and gowns, presented a
pleasing picture yesterday morning at the
hour set for worship.
The altar was dressed in spotless white
and the pulpit, which stands to the left of
Rev. Panl F. Branko of St. Paul's Lutheran Landeskirche. Which Was Dedicated
Yesterday and Where Twelve Infants Were Baptized in the Afternoon.
the elevated flooring of the altar, was dec
orated with purple and gold.
Within the sanctuary reserve were seated
the energetic ' young pastor, Paul F.
Branke, and his assistants, the Revs. J.
Hosta, J. Mangold, J. Endter and A.
Janke. The Rev. Mr. Branke conducted
the service # and performed the dedicatory
ceremony, assisted by the clergymen men
tioned. Afterward Mr. Branke preached
a sermon, which was listened to atten
tively by the congregation.
At 3 o'clock there were twelve pretty,
bright-looking little folks on hand. They
were clad in the whitest of robes and were
accompanied by their parents and two
sponsors for each. In all there was an as
semblage of sixty interested persons, who
came to the house of the \ Master to place
under the protection of their God the souls
of those twelve little innocent ones.
The presence of both parents at the cer
emony of baptism in the "Landeskirche"
is obligatory, according to the canons of
that church. The ceremony of christening
differs in no essential way from the form
of the English Episcopal church. After
being sprinkled and uttering infantile pro
testations against an unsolicitated cold
water reception the babes were" carefully
and tenderly wrapped up in their warm
covering and taken home.
During the evening service short ser
mons were preached dv the Revs. Man
gold, Endter and Janke. Thus was the
little "Landeskirche" 3 planted . on the
northern border of the Mission Dolores
and upon the site so long occupied by the
only "Nobby," who controlled the desti
nies of so many of the unfortunate; men
who were forced to borrow ' at five per cent
for. the shortest . fraction of a calendar
month. "
Satisfaction in **'■ a Japanese - theater *is
proclaimed by shouting out the name of
the actor or by the words, "Ten riyol"
"One thousand : riyo!"— a I riyo is a yen, a
silver coin worth about three shillings
expressive of tne cash value iof the actor
in the estimation of the crier.
COLONEL BARNES DYING
Life of the Celebrated Sporting
Man at a Very Low
Ebb.
HIS PICTURESQUE CAREER.
Something of the History of a Man
Who Had Been Identified With
the Bret Hartean Era.
The life of Colonel William P. Barnes,
One of the best known old-time sporting
men of the State, is at a very low ebb. At
his residence on Geary street the end has
been expected for several days. '3-33>
William P. Barnes has a wife, the sister
of Mrs. John H. Wise, wife of the Collector
of Customs at this port. He also has an
only child, Mrs. Bessie Franklin. His
only living brother is Dr. Barnes of Ukiah,
and his nephew Is the Hon. Thomas L.
Carothers of the same city. He has also
two nieces, one the wife of James Stevens
and the other the wife of Superior Judge
Alexander of Salinas.
He is a native of Indiana and in 1849 he
came to California and settled with his
mother and father in the neighborhood of
what is now known as Petaluma.
During the days when the Mormons
were making trouble through Illinois and
lowa, Barnes, who was but a mere boy, en
gaged in the army sent out to do them
battle. The same spirit he showed then
has always followed him, and he has been
regarded as a man who, although not ag
gressive, could not be made to retreat a
step when he believed he was right. This
feature had many opportunities to develop
in the early days of California, when each
man had to rely on his own mettle for
protection.
Bill Barnes became a member of the
Pioneers of California when that society
was first organized, and has been one of
its shining members ever since. His as
sociates have always been men most prom
inent in social, business and political life,
but he, with the grit and determination
he has always shown, held on until he
saw them one by one pass to the great be
yond.
"Colonel" Barnes, as he was usually ad
dressed, was of a sporty turn of mind, like
nearly all other men who came to the new
El Dorado in the days when the necessaries
of life were paid for in gold dust. He was
a great friend of BillJßriggs, who was, be
yond a doubt, the most picturesque char
acter, as a sport, that ever sat behind a
layout. Barnes began as a protege of
Briggs', and subsequently they became
partners.
Aside from his many silent charities,
which he has always attended to, directly
or indirectly, even to his last illness, he
will be remembered by his fellow pioneers
as the one who inaugurated the bullshead
breakfast outings in this State. Each
year, until his health failed, it was he who
headed the table and did the carving at
the reunions of the Society of Old Friends,
of which he was a leading member.
At one time Colonel Barnes entered
politics. It was in the days when Napo-
leon Broughton and Zeke Wilson of So
noma were prominent as leaders of the
Democracy of this State. Barnes was their
wire-puller at Sacramento.
There is a bit of international history
attached to the name of William P.
Barnes. Some time in 1857 he and Grant
Israel, who was the first owner of the old
Cosmopolitan Hotel, long since out of ex
istence, took a trip in a ; privately char
tered schooner to the coast of Mexico.
They were captured by the Government
and taken to. Mazatlan, where they, wero
cast in an adobe prison on a charge of fili
bustering. 3 They were most cruelly
treated, being prodded with bayonets and
almost starved. The United States took
up the matter and they were liberated.
Subsequently, they- brought suit against
Mexico for $100,000 damages, and the af
fair was left to a foreign board of arbitra
tion, which allowed them $7500 each. The
Mexican Government, however, was not in
a. position to 1 pay the money at the time,
and the board allowed the amount to ;be
paid in $500 installments each year. The
debt was finally wiped out about eight
years ago. •** ->
_ Yesterday it was reported at Collector
Wise house that Colonel Barnes was very
low and failed to recognize his friends.
Attempt at Burglary.
Two men were seen by Policeman "Siangan
yesterday afternoon trying to break the : lock
• a barn door on Grove street, between Scott
and Devisadero. He made for them and they
ran. He overtook one of them ; and sent him
in the patrol wagon to the City Prison, where
a charge of * attempt at burglary was entered
against him.; He gave the name of John Abies.
The spider produces silk of * a fair qual
ity, but the difficulty of rearing spiders and
the small quantity of product from each
insect has caused the abandonment of all
efforts to produce spider silk. •
Colonel W. P. Barnes, tho Well-Known Sporting Alan Who Is Lying at Death's Door
FRIENDLY TO CATHOLICS
This Declared to Be the Atti
tude of the American Pro
tective Association.
ADDRESS OF REV. A. M. RUSSELL
Chauncey Parke Talks of the Need of
Greater Moral Culture Among
the Masses.
There was a large attendance at the Good
Citizenship meeting yesterday afternoon
at Metropolitan Temple, Rev. A. M. Rus
sell and Chauncey Parke being the speak
ers of the day.
The former was a new advocate in the
cause of good citizenship, but met with
the hearty approval of his audience from
the very start.
He announced that his subject would be,
"The A. P. A's; the best friends the
Catholics have." He then spoke as fol
lows: '.-
"Now, lam serious about this. I say in
perfect sincerity the principles of the A.
P. A. are better calculated to strengthen
their institutions than anything else. I
say this because we are working for the
enlightenment of the Catholics. They do
not know their own history, except as
they get it from Father Yorke and such
vile sheets as the Monitor. Every intelli
fent man knows that these are falsifying.
hey tell only such part of that history as
suits them. There are dark, horrible
chapters in that history that they never
refer to.
"Neither do the Catholics understand
the genius nor the purpose of Protestant
ism. Therefore I say it is the part of the
A. P. A. to enlighten them on these
points. ';fe;fe
"I feel that the A. P. A. is not only the
best party for their enlightenment, but for
their liberation. A dog may wear a collar
so long that he would fesl the loss of it.
I say so it is with the Catholics. They
have no proper conception of liberty; the
priests are their masters.
"I want to work along another line now.
I want to show some of these Catholics
how they can put money in their pockets."
This elicited a few scattering hisses from
the gallery. Scarcely hesitating, the
speaker continued : '
"Oh, I heard a goose when I was a boy,
but I have never been afraid of one of
tbem — then or since. [Laughter and ap
plause.] .
"I repeat, I want to show the Catholics
how they can make money. I know they
love money, and I say this with all sin
cerity. Why, a Catholic cannot be born
without paying his priest for the privilege.
He must be baptized as soon as he is born,
and that is as bad as paying for the privi
lege of being born. Then take the matter
of forgiving sin. The Catholic can have
his sin forgiven by going to tbe priest and
paying for it. lam just as capable of for
giving sin as the Pone of Rome. He is a
false pretender. I would rather put my
hands in a man's pocket and steal his
money than get it in this way. But there
are many ways, I* tell .you, of railroading
the money into the pockets of the priests.
"But our Catholic* friend may get tired
of this and say: | 'Well, I will get rid of
this burden of taxation by the priests by
dying.' But in this he is mistaken. For
the Catholic priests even follow a man to
the grave, and when they get him there
they keep him there. 'Why, it is more
difficult to get out of the clutches of a
priest than out of the hands of the devil.
"After a man is dead his estate is as
sessed for the repose of his soul, and if he
leaves nothing his friend's are taxed with
this burden. So long, in fact, as there is
a dollar to be extorted from relatives or
friends the man's soul is reported to be
suffering in purgatory by these pretenders.
"J repeat, then, that the A. P. A. is the
best friend the Catholics have by exposing
these impositions for their benefit, profit
and enlightenment.- *.* "
"The priest holds a soul in purgatory
until he gets ready to let it go. Shame on
men and women who allow themselves to
be so deluded. We should do our utmost
to liberate them from this terrible bond
age of the soul to which the Roman
church has confined them for the past 2000
years."
Chauncey Parke was then announced
He said: v v,3*v *
"I propose to speak to you in reeard to
our personal interests in I the public wel
fare. This involves good citizenship, and
good citizenship involves good govern
ment." .
The speaker attributed the prevalence of
crime and lawlessness to the failure of so
ciety to educate its individual members in
a proper moral manner, as punishment
he declared, was known not to be a suc
cessful deterrent of crime. He advocated
not only protection for social, civil, politi
cal and religious liberties, but thorough
education in regard to them, so that every
man and woman would have a proper com
prehension of these matters.
"I believe," he said, "our Nation ap
proaches these conditions most nearly but
even it is a long way off. There is too lit
tle attention paid to moral education and
the creation of good and manly character
-ear of punishment is depended upon
rather than the proper.; education of the
young and growing generation. Protec
tion and defense should not be the aim of
government: it should be the instilling of
culture into every man and woman.
"When we legislate we make one law
for character and a hundred for pocket.
But when we reach the proper state all this
will be reversed. Then one hundred laws
will be made for character and one for
greed. Why is this so? It is that the very
heart of the people throb at the mere jingle
of money."
Then followed a disquisition on the evils
f the pursuit and acquirement of wealth.
UTAH AND HER PEOPLE.
Elder J. R. Shepherd Lectures to a
Large Audience.
Elder J. R. Shepherd, one of the elders
in the Mormon church laboring in Califor
nia, spoke about "Utah and Her People"
last evening at 909 Market street. He said
in part:
"It is truly phenomenal to note the
growth, progress and prosperity of Utah
to-day when we reflect upon its condition
forty-eight years ago and the many adver
sities with which they have had to com
bat.
"On July 24, 1847, 143 hardy Mormon
pioneers directed by their leader, Brigham
Young, halted after a long journey of 1100
miles across a trackless wilderness and
camped where now stands Salt Lake City.
Brigham Young told them that there was
the place . that God designed that Israel
should dwell. They were then on Mexi
can soil, but with that loyalty to
the United States that had ; ever
been inculcated within them they
unfurled to the breeze the Stars and
Stripes. To question the loyalty of the
Mormon people to the "United States ex
hibits a woeful ignorance of history.
When driven from their homes in Nau
voo, while camped upon the prairies of
lowa, a demand was made upon Brigham
Young for 500 of their best men to enlist
and march to California and fight their
country's battles against Mexico. This,
indeed, was a trial. They had been driven
from State to State; pleaded for protec
tion, but could get none ; even plead be
fore the chief executive of the Nation, but
was met with the reply, ' Your cause is
just, but I can do nothinc for you.' Yet
with that patriotism that dwells within
all Mormons, Brigham Young said: 'You
shall have them if it takes all of mv
elders.' They went and did no
ble service. When the pioneers
entered Salt Lake Valley in
1847, but little of the country
west of the Missouri was known, true a
few trappers and explorers had traversed
the mountains, but a bona fide colony had
not dared to settle any of this section,
save a very few in California. Daniel
Webster said, What do we want of these
shifting sand hills, land of cactus and
prairie dogs.' To-day we are a common
wealth of a quarter of a million of people,
prosperous and happy, with a greater per
centage of persons owning their own
homes than can probably be found in any
other part of the world. Their enemies
have in the past by * misrepresenta
tion brought trials upon them, but
through all they have been loyal, true
and honest and to-day Gentile and Jew
have become convinced of the industry
sincerity and loyalty of the Mormon peo
ple, and all join hands in making Utah a
State of which our Government may be
proud. Factories, railroads, churches,
schools, farms, orchards and homes dot
the land from north to south and with
statehood recently acquired she will be
come one of the grandest of the sisterhood
of States." -* •;.
CARTRIDGE ON A CARTRACK.
Policeman Gallway Kinds One on Mc-
Allister Street, Near Market.
A* . deadly forty-iive-caliber cartridge
similar to those used in the old Spring
field army rifle was found tied to one of
the rails of the McAllister-street car line,
near Market street, Saturday morning by
Policeman Gallway of the Southern police
station squad. If the cartridge had been
allowed to remain in its dangerous posi
tion a few minutes longer it would have
been struck by an approaching car and in
all probability would have exploded. Ow
ing to the large crowd of neople who
nightly frequent that portion of the City
it is difficult to foretell just what the re
sult would have heen in case the explosion
had occurred.
,* Policeman Gallway took his find with
him to the station and reported the matter
to Lieutenant Han na, who is trying to lo
cate the wretch who so deliberately placed
ieonardv °* 11 - nsus P-- ctina - pedestrians in
S2£ SJ'i. - number of men who have
places of business near the snot where the
Hone d g hV aS located have been ques
who *L ° f ,?, r no _ one has been
ho saw the reckless deed committed.
Found Dead in His Boom.
"™; Bruckner, whose age and occupation
are unknown, was found dead in his room at
S Howard street Saturday evening. Judg
was abmn n P ? earan Cc of the room Bruckner
hliitdt2L« r _S?,2?_ he was stricken with
disease, and fell dead on the floor. The
Me™e"JA? m n ,^ fled ' and -° e U -y O'B&niSS
mS U^ amoved the remains to the
to __£&.£ n aut °P >' will be held on the body
to ascertain the exact cause of death.
_ 3 Found a Human Ear.
An ear bearing evidence of having been re
cently severed from a human body was found
in a vacant lot at the corner of Twelfth and
«t°75T« B £ reetß hy Harry Russell, who resides
Kii«»ii ,?l ow rd street, Saturday afternoon.
X; %vho * _ only 13 * years of age, carried
was f«n? £"?», find to a police station, and it
ar« i, , e ?. tto l h ? Morgue. The Morgue officials
fhn ?„,S c OP " 1 ™ that the ear was thrown in
the tot by medical student*. - - •*,<••■*■••■
DEATH AMID PLEASURE
Sorrowful Ending of What Was
Expected to Be an Enjoy
able Evening.
WELL-KNOWN GERMAN CITIZEN
William F. Muhlner Dies Suddenly at
the Formal Opening of the •
Turn Verein Bar.
A tragic scene occurred at the; Turn
Verein. Hall, 323 Turk street, last night,
which broke up a gathering that promised
to be one of the merriest in the history of
the organization.
The barroom attached to the hall has
been in preparation for a formal opening
for some time. It has been fitted up with
out regard to cost, and the proprietor.
Adam Brehm. invited about 100 members
of the organization to be present at the
formal opening last night.
They all responded, and were in the
midst of their enjoyment when William
F. Muhlner, one of the roost prominent
members, entered. He was dazzled with
the dare of the electric lights, and, rais
ing his hands, he walked toward the bar
with a smile on his face to congratulate
ihe proprietor.
As the old man stood for an instant in
front of the bar, while friends crowded
round him. his face turned ghastly pale
and throwing his arms upward he sank to
the floor with a stifled moan. Dr. Rinna
was present and rushed forward, and to
his horror found that the old gentleman
was dead.
The guests were stricken dumb with sor
row and astonishment as they gathered
round the lifeless form of theit old friend.
Word was sent to his relatives at 30 Fell
street and the body was taken there, while
the cuests sorrowfully took their depart
ure from the barroom, where they had ex
pected to pass a pleasant evening".
Mr. Muhlner had for years a shoestoreat
060 Post street and lived at 30 Fell street.
He was a member of the Grand Army and
belonged to nearly all the German organi
zations in the City. He always took an
active interest in the Turn Verein and was
one of its prominent members.
The cause of his sudden death was heart
disease. * 3^ '•• 3
NEW TO-DAY.
It Reaches
The Spot!
"WINE-TENTHS OF THE AILMENTS
which men have can be traced to their
foundation at the small of the back. All
of the important nerves center there, and
that is the spot through which the elec-
tric current from Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt takos its course to reach the weak-
ened parts. While you sleep at night it
feeds the famished nerves and cures Kid-
ney and Liver Troubles, Rheumatism,
Lame Back, Indigestion, Sleeplessness,
Varicocele and all weakness of men and
women.
Rheumatism.
Pasadena, CaL, March 14, '96.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— DeaI Sir : I bought one
of your Electric Belts for Rheumatism, which
came on by severe pains iv the back and kid-
neys and spread to my feet, which were so bad
that I could not put my shoes on. I found re-
lief as soon as I applied the Belt, and slept
better the first night I wore it than I had for
two months. I used the Belt six weeks and
am now cured and as well as any man of my
age, 62 years. I can recommend the Belt as
being the only cure for lame back and Rheu-
matism. Yours truly, WILLIAM WALKER.
No. 9 Plant Block, Pasadena, Cal.
Cure Your Back.
Cure your back and you cure the source
of all your other ailments. Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt will cure you. Try it. Book
with full information and prices, free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market street, opposite Pulses Hotel, Pan
Francis Cal. Office hours, Ba. k. to 8:**0
p.m.; Sunday, 10 to 1. Los Angeles office. 204
South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washing-
ton street. '-.'■.■:':. : 7'y-7 ";■>'* '■'-'
4j *_f\| ™ l ■ ■ - I i i mT-ii^' «.i
I Do
*_.
§S you eat
jjg a hearty
I* Breakfast?
*. i
5&3 Many don't; it doesn't agree
•I » witn t * iem ; they eat but one or
p- "I two good meals a day, then eat
£, ■& too much at a time ; they're on
))£ the air line route to dyspepsia
l £ and general debility.
%£ A hearty breakfast is' neces-
hf)£ sary. If you don't like solid
->•■** things, take a rich, nutritious
a* and palatable liquid food. There
/it 3 is but one that's as perfect as
]i to man can make it — the queen of
**_£ beverages:
*jp Qhirardelli's
«1* Ground
$2 Chocolate
y*
mt- Made Instantly. Don't be fooled with
_> V" substitutes. Insist on Ghirardelli's.
SiftYARDE-BULLER
AND GADESDEN
The Co Respondent Well
Known in San Francisco
Society Circles
AS A MUSIC TEACHER.
He Had a Secret Method for the
Production of Pure Tones
in Others.
THE HERO OF A LOVE ROMANCE.
Broke His Leg in Santa Cruz, and
Made a Miserable Failure in an
Amateur Entertainment
Valentine Gadesden, the singing teacher
who has attained world-wide celebrity by
figuring as the co - respondent in the
divorce case between the Hon. Mrs. Lellah
Yarde-Buller and her husband, tt.e Hon.
Walter Yarde-Buller, is well known in San
Francisco. The Hon. Walter ia the eldest
brother of Lord Church ston, head of the
Devonshire family.
Gadesden came to San Francisco ten
years ago and blossomed forth as a teacher
of music, he being a tenor robusto and
well versed in his art. He was then about
28 or 29 years old— a tall, dark handsome
Englishman of elegant manners. Being
a graduate of an English university, an ac
complished linguist and a scholar, and
belonging to a very respectable family in
Encland, he had no difficulty in gain
ing admission into the best society in
San Francisco and in obtaining all the
pupils he wanted at high rates.
Like a good many other professional
men, he had an idea that he was born to
be a financier, although his own financial
affairs were in a deplorably tangled con
dition. Creditors used to sing to him from
early morn until dewy eve, to the accom
paniment of fluttering bills.but poor Gades
den had no money. He could never get
enough of it together at one time, nor
could he keep it long enough to settle all
claims as fast as presented. Money was
made to spend, and he spent it, thereby
keeping it in circulation.
He became indebted recently to Duncan
& Co. of London to the extent of £4100,
which fact shows that his credit was re
markably good in England. Several let
ters from Mrs. Yarde-Bulier's boy were
forwarded to Gadesden's care at Duncan
& Co.'s office, but the Duncans refused to
deliver her the letters unless she paid
Gadesden's debt.
After consultation with her attorney she
gave Duncan & Co. her check for $4100 and
got her letters. Then she sued for the re
covery of the money on the ground that
Duncan & Co. had extorted the check from
her by holding her son's letters. The case
was tried a few days ago, and she recov
ered judgment for the whole amount.
Under cross-examination she said that
Gadesden had been staying with her at
Churchston court and had continually
been in her company since he became her
agent.
While living in San Francisco Gadesden
professed to have discovered a secret pro
cess for developing the pure tones of the
voice, and so jealously guarded was this
secret that he would never sing in public,
lest the public might discover it. He had
the key of a piano wareroom in the His
tory building on Market street, and often
at 11 o'clock at night he unlocked the
door, then locked himself in and sat for
three or four hours at the piano practicing
those divine tones which nobody, not even
the janitor, ever heard.
Only once did he consent to sing in pub
lic, and that was in an amateur operatic
performance gotten up for charity by
Signor Rosewald, and sung by society peo
ple. Gadesden was so well known among
the upper ten, and curiosity to hear those
divine tones cultivated in the piano-room
at night was so great, that a jam of fash
ionable people attended.
He proved a flat failure. His singing
was horrible, and his acting would have
disgraced an amateur supernumerary.
"He was worse than a stick," said a
young lady yesterday. "His singing was
wretched, and his acting was vile. He had
to make love to the heroine of the opera,
and he seemed to be so much afraid of her
that the audience laughed at him through
out the performance. When they sat on
the sofa together he was as stiff as a hyp
notized poker, and the heroine was obliged
to shift her position so that she could get
up close to him, and remind him of the
role he was playing. That was the only
time he ever sang here in public, and the
public was thankful he never sang again."
So far as known the English tenor led a
pretty exemplary life while here. He
never drank intoxicating liquors and was
never mixed up in any 10/e affair, al
though there is no doubt that be could
have been had he desired, for he was a
handsome fellow, a brilliant conversation
alist and a first-class athlete and lootball
player.
The only occasion in which his name
was coupled in gossip with that of a
woman was when he began paying marked
attentions to Mrs. Yarde-Buller. About a
year ago Mrs. Buller occupied luxuriously
furnished flats on Sacramento street, be
tween Hyde and Larkin, in this City, and
Mr. Gadesden was so frequent a visitor
that the neighbors remarked that he all
but lived there. -. Many of his friends
placed a charitable construction on his
liking for tl c Sacramento-street flats and
said that no doubt the tenor was there in
his capacity as Mrs. Yarde-Buller's busi
ness agent.
When the lady left for England Mr.
Gadesden went with her, presumably to
look after her business affairs. He was
also interested in some kind of iumber
speculation, and that was probably the
basis of the debt be owed Duncan & Co.
; Mrs. Yarde-Buller has two sons by her
former husband, 14 to 16 years old, the
younger of whom was taken sick, and she
left him at Dr. Kosenstirn's hospital. The
other was left here to attend school. 33. ■
The tenor was an intimate friend of
Lawyer J. R. Jarboe and family, Mr. Jar-
boe finding much to admire in Gadesden's
conversational ability and knowledge of
books. He accompanied the family on a
summer vacation to Santa Cruz, and while
there met with an accident which re
sulted in tbe breaking ot one of bis legs.
He was nursed down there by the family,
and a similar episode is treated of in a
novel written a snort time ago by Mrs. J. j
R. Jarboe under the norn de plume of
'Thomas H. Brainerd."
The book created a sensation in society
circles here. Everybody knew Gadesden
and his peculiarities, and they at once
picked out "Ned Harlow," the hero of the
book, as Valentine Gadesden, the hand
some singing , teacher. He is thus men
tioned in the first chapter of the story :
f Later they heard that he h - d gone to Nice,
men that he haa entered a conservatory of
music, was studying the violin and musi
cal composition, and then that he was going
on the stage as a tenore robusto. Jack always
said that he would rather hear Ned's voice
than any other music in the world.
Society buds laughed so heartily over
this reference to "Ned's" voice when they
thought of the amateur operatic enter
tainment that the tears made little rabbit
paths through the powder that hid the
roses in their cheeks. Then the story
went on :
Again they heard that his life was sadly
changed, that moody and listless he wandered
about the world, trying a little of one thing
ana another, but accomplishing, nothing,
seeming to have no ambition or aim in life. .
Ned arrives with Jack, the betrothed of
Bessie. Here is what Bessie thought of
him: 3 3>-
He was one of those men whom women in
stinctively adore, and who as Instinctively
dread the adoration to which they are sub
jected. He was. she felt sure, not a woman
lover if he was not a woman-hater. .'•*;'*
Next morning Jack says to Bessie:
"Bessie, it seems almost selfish to thank God
for having given you to me. What have I done
to deserve it? You make or mar us, dear. We
are all, all in your hands."
"Oh, Jack, don't say such dreadful things.
You terrify me when you put such responsi
bility upon me. What shall I do?'.' 3-3
"Nothing," he answered, "it is not what you
do, but what you are ; dear love."
Then, although he said no more. Bessie
thought she knew what it was that had warped
out of all usefulness the life of his friend.
It was evident that Ned had been crossed
in love. 7 r 7-7 r -
Helen's sister, a grass widow deserted
by a worthless husband, appears upon the
scene. She finds some pages of an opera
written by Ned and she sat down to the
piano and sang it, as women always sing
in novels. It had its effect.
When she began to sing Ned slowly rose and
moved like one enchanted down the room. He
stood behind her, and when the storm was ris
ing and the cry ol the wind was like the wail
of lost souls his violin took up the strain and
joined in the prayer with its indescribable
pleading. When they reached the end Helen
rose and looked at Ned.
"You," she said. "Is it you who have made
this wonderful, fearful, glorious thing?"
••No," he said, looking with eyes of flame
into hers. "It did not live until to-night."
Ned goes exploring a cave on the beach,
falls into a hole and breaks his leg. He is
nursed by Bessie and Jack, just as Gades
den with his broken leg was nursed by his
friends in Santa Cruz. Helen before this
had become frightened because, on wak
ing from an afternoon siesta in a ham
mock, she had found Ned's eyes fastened
upon her with an amorous gaze. Where
upon she packed her Saratogas and skipped
away on the overland train. She is, how
ever, badly "gone" on the handsome
tenor. This is what she writes to her
sister Bessie :
O God! can it be that this is what is called
temptation", ana that I have dared to despise
those who have yielded to it? I kneel before
the altar and press the sacred crucifix to my
lips, and while my lips repeat the prayer for
forgiveness of sin my wicked heart cries with
awful exultation, "he loves me; he loves me."
Bessie, my more than sister, I am fallen, fallen
60 low that I know if I should see him I would
rush to his arms. What shall Ido? Where
shall Igo ? Pray for me and pi ty me.
Then Jack tells Bessie that Ned was a
married man. The story was that he took
Alice Graham, a minister's daughter, out
for a row on the lake. A fog came up and
he couldn't find the shore until the fog
lifted at daylight. Then he took the girl
home weeping.
Her father was angry and said that his
daughter's good name was gone forever
I because of the night and the fog, and so
; Ned, to make everything all right, married
j the girl then and there. Then he gave the
j old man "a note for £100" for Alice's ex
! penses until he should be heard from
: again, and without a word or look for
j the bride he left the house and went to
I Paris.
After Ned's broken leg got well he went
to Milan and saw Helen. Although she
loved him she treated him coldly because
her husband was living, and she being a
Catholic could not be divorced. So Ned
departed with a bee in his ear and Helen
went to a nunnery.
Finally Ned meets Alice, his wife, and
this is what occurs:
She was indeed "fair as the moon, bright as
the sun," but also "terrible as an army with
banners."
Presently about her mouth there quivered
the faint dawn of a smile. She came forward
and put her hand into his. He bowed low as
he took it, saying, "I hope you are quite well."
That is as stiff and as uninteresting as
was Tenor Gadesden's acting and singing
in the amateur operatic performance in
San Francisco. Soon afterward and in the
last chapter he sings his love to Alice, and
the novel ends in rapture and in rhapsody
as follows: ' 77* *3- 3/
His eyes were fixed on her, and when the
last sound ceased she turned and met his gaze
with all her tender soul in ncr face. As the
strong waves ot the sea rush to the shore, so
his love surged out to meet the sweet, dear
passion in her eyes, ana he knew that the old
heaven and earth had passed away and that all
things had become new.
Some San Franciscans doubt that Ned
Harlow of the novel and Valentine Gades
den are the same person, because the novel
makes Ned Harlow a fine singer. But they
should remember that there is such a thing
as poetic license.
HOW ENGLAND IS TED.
Most of the Necessaries of life Are
Imported.
In 1894, with only a trifle over 1,900,000
acres under wheat, England produced
7,390,000 quarters at home, importing 16,
--310.000 quarters of wheat grain, besides
19,130,000 hundredweight of flour— is
to say, a total of 21,000,000 quarters, allow
ing for flour. In 1894, Men, three out of
every four Englismen lived wholly upon
foreign bread. In 1895, owing to the tre-
I menuous reduction of the area under
wheat, not one in every five dr*;w his
bread from the country.
Our daily bread 'comes to us from
abroad; but this is not the only necessary
which we import. Of • foodstuffs, which
might conceivably be produced in the
country, we purchase from- the foreigner
nearly half of our meat, nearly £16,500
worth of butter and margarine, £6,070
worth of fruit and hops, £5.400,000 worth
of cheese, £3.780,000 worth of eggs, £1 000 -
000 worth of potatoes, £778.000 of poultry
£1,000,000 worth of vegetables. In addition
to these there are the various other kinds
of colonial produce, of which sugar alone
could be grown in England. A small rise
in each of these items would inflict in
numerable hardships upon our working
population. A great rise would mean
starvation. Generations of peaceful de
velopment have bred in us a belief that
England will, never be seriously attacked
and that the navy may with safety be
starved. *;.; We forget that a fresh and even
more importunate burden than the safe
guarding of our raw material and manu
factures has been laid upon it in the need
to watch r. over our food supplies.—Nine
teenth Century. 3-~.-***
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1896.
WILL BOYCOTT
THE BOSS BAKERS.
The Bakers' Union De
clares It Has Many -
Grievances.
TOO YOUNG TO STRIKE.
Claim Is Made That the Bread
Served to the Public Is
Unwholesome.
SECRETARY GRASSMAN TALKS.
One Grievance Is Found in the Ap
parent Unwarranted Discharge
of Men.
There is a fight on between the United
Bakers' | Union and the Master Bakers'
Protective Association, better known lo
cally as the "Boss" Bakers. At present
the struggle is in a kind of embryo state,
but Otto Grassman, secretary of the first
named organization, is responsible for the
statement . that before the week is half
ended war, in the shape of a boycott, wUI
be declared.
The trouble between the men who mold
flour and water and the other essential in
gredients into rolls, doughnuts, lady-fin
gers and delicate pastry tidbits, and the
"bosses" arises from two causes. The first
is found in the sanitary condition of the
bakeshops, and the second in the dis
charge within the last week --of several
union men.
Some weeks ago Labor Commissioner
Fitzgerald with the assistance of three or
four deputies made a tour of all the big
bakeries in the City. Many of the places
were in a horribly filthy condition from a
sanitary point of view. The floors were
damp, the air foul-smelling, and the uten
sils employed in mixing the bread and
cakes presented anything but attractive
appearances.
As a result of this unexpected invasion,
under the guidance of Mr. Fitzgerald, a
complaint, signed by one Rudolph, was
filed with the Board of Health, calling at
tention to the unhealthy condition of the
bakeries. So far as known, however, the
health officers have not as yet taken any
steps toward remedying the alleged evils
and now the men who work for the bosses
will endeavor to see what they can do in
the premises.
The master bakers, of course, heard of
all these things, and they at once set to
work to learn if possible who it was that
had been telling things which they would
like very much to remain unknown. As a
partial result of this investigation three or
four union bakers were relieved of their
situations, among them being a man
named Rudolph. No reason was assigned
for the summary discharge of the men,
but the men themselves claim that it is
due to a belief on the part of the bosses
that they caused the exposures to be made
by Fitzgerald. .
At the headquarters of the Bakers'
Union, on Turk street, everything is ap
parently very quiet, but for all that a great
deal of work is being done.
"The Bakers' Union is not sufficiently
well organized to order a strike," said Sec
retary Grassman last night, "but there is
a weapon within our grasp almost as
strong, and that is a boycott. We have a
committee of four out at work now, and
until they make their final report to-mor
row 1 do not care to discuss the situation
in all its phases.
"I will say, however, that if the people
only knew how the bread and cake which
they eat every day is prepared they would
make these things at home. Of course I
do not mean to say that all the boss estab
lishments are in a filthy condition, be
cause there are some which could not be
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Bay District Track.
Jr nren --here the horses have no record at the distance to be ran the records at th» next nearest
clstsnce are given. ■■...:-•■:' '<-:"• ■ .-•__ on
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •. abonv. •*
FIRST BACE— Six furlongs; selling.
Inde x.
1084
1078
1078
(1067)
1072
1063
1050
1030
iEasi-1
| Ricardo
'Svensrail
.Starling
Oregon Eclipse.
Una Que Amo..
Marble Rock...
Irish Chief
Lbs'
9b
111
108
109
111
95
111
111
record.
:50
1:16«4
1:141/4
1:111/2
l:18Va
1 : 03
1;1
Dlst.
ft-
*6f
5 f
6f
Lbs|Tk.
108 F..i
105 ;h.. I
107!F..
100 H. . ;
109 H.. I
103 i a. j
104'F..
'woodlawn stable...
lII'. Capps
jElkton stable.
:T. Ftynn
Ij. Kohblus
j Ferris H artman ....
Hennepin stable...
iF. Brown «fc Co
Owner.
! Ben Ali-Ezza
I Wlldidle-Bliie Bonnet
| Verano-Experimnnt
jDay St«r-Laramlnta
(Joe Hooker-Lulu Higgs
ITorso-Litt.e Flush
limp. Eric-Hocket
! Lougrellow-Babee
I
<D BA
mile; selling; inside course.
Lbs
Best
record.
861
(1053)
(1. 65)
1079
(1074)
1074
1065
(1036)
1076
1059
1078
! Sleeping Child..
JTar & Tartar....
iCharles
I Elmer F
I Jack Richelieu.
Montta
I Miss Ruth
j Joe Terry
Navy tslue
San Luis Rey. ..
(apt. Spencer
106 1:4114
113|1:43V3
110 1:46%
113 ! 1:151/4
118,1:351/4
1 3:1:411/4
104 1:42 V?
100,l:4HVi
106 1:471/1
106 ! 1:42
110
II m
,1m
!lm
6f
,7r
i 7V 2 f
;1 m
,1 m
1 m
1 m
102 '
99
io:(
104
ia-j
120
94
94i
97
101 1
....
F... W. D. Raudall Child of Mist-Krin-go-Bragr.
F... Al. Morris i Hindoo-Bramboletta
H. . P. Archibald iJohn A-Ear:y Rose
F... Floodmore stab.c . . jl'ortland-Kaatasia
H. . S. C. Hildreth ...... |Imp. Urnat Tom-Envenom
F... M. Schwartz !St. Saviour-Nigluhawk
j X... I A. H. Martin iSobrante-Ruth
Fa. BurnsAWaLerUoase^'lanibeau-imp. Teardrop
H..|J. G. Rogers :Blue Winij-Bay Betty
F...;J.T. Clifton iEm. Xrfolk-M Mccarty's I
1 ... |J. McCullough ißramhie-Daisy Hoey
Index.
970
1064
*69
1059
1038
108S
1052
921
1046
Vernon...
Rapido
De Groat
Rogation
Ken
Red Wing......
RfyA1ta........
Rosalie..
80rdeaux.......
Best
Lbs record.
13lil:0a
181 no rec.
134 no rec.
l»lil:10
134|
132 'n0 rec.
18111:02
132 no rec.
13l|
6%f
6i>. i"
91
"M
P..
f'.'.
E. Hlnkleman
K. Kautman
W. Ritter.
W. Earp..
J. L. Crooks
W. Lommiix
Klkton stable
J. Grace
C. W. Chappell
Powhatt an-Vern a
Cycle*) e-Nyanza • ■
Grover Cleveland-by Kelpie
Surinam-Mistletoe
Asteilix-llauuah E
Bed Iron-Minnie C
Alia- Fannie L>
Imp. .Mariner-Rosy
Imp. Mariaer-Kufaula .
5f
i'2s
f'.'.
....
I-..1
1....!
FOURTH
miles; five hurdles.
Name.
Lbs Record
125 no rec.
133 no roc.
1 42 no rec.
! 135 no Tec.
1 182 1 do rec.
1 30 i no rec.
1 14.2; no rec.
128 no rec
Best
Record
Tk. Owner.
.... !B. L«vy
.... W. Karp
.... B. Craf ton
.... B. Rudolph
.... A. Maddox
.... <;. Matthews
... J. n. Oppenheitner.
Nevada stable
Index.
Dlst.
Lhs
1082 Ravin*
3058 \ angedene
847 Wag.
1065 J.ochinvar
1055 Ar emus
1074 My Sweetheart.
1082 W. L. Munson..
1065 Malo Dial) 0...
I
........
1...,
HerelHe-Mena
Imp. Green back- Victoria
Imp. War,Hfr-Leonette
ini|i. (. heviot-Arethus*
Argyle-by Sir Modred
.Major Ban-Llbbeniflibbet
I Spnn?bok- Astoria
| Joe Hooker-uxilla
........
....
....
....
|....
fIFTH RACK -One-half mile; m&iden two-year-olds. Entries close at track 9a. ic.
1058
1064
994
850
1078
1064
1055
1055
I Verdette
Fleet
Garcia
Todhunter
Seiaphln
(iracie S
Hal Fisher
Nellie O
Name.-
I Best
j record. DUu
no rec
no' rec ........
no roc
no rec
1:21 6% i
1:08 ss! f
no rec
.1:31% 7 S
Lbs Tk.l Owner.
Vlci Btable
J. L>. Fitzgerald....
H. Elllon
H. K. Brown
89 F... J. Cod way
104 F... Musto& Kuyz
... . . . F. P. Maley
98|F...|J. Brenock
Vicl-Lucy Lone -•
Htrmese-Onknown
Wildldle.Nijhthawk
Jumbo-Toddy
KrnperorNorfolk-St. Cecilia
1 "™ ■ -^orfolk-uilroy Belle
Buck Waltoc-Alice
Sampson-Unknown
SEVENTH
furlongs:
liest
record.
Name.
Pedigree.
Montgomery ...
!;• iili/ation
Mainstay
Piexotto
Banjo
New Moon
Hernianita.
Char reuse 11...
Jim fiozemaii..
1:17
1 1:13U
1:164-
-1:171%
1:18
1:18
6 f
«f
6f
(if
6f
«f
6f
iii'
ii.'!
i
Fa.
,11..
It..
Fa.
H..
j BuniMtWaterhouge
California stable
1 8. c. Hlliireth
J. J. Coulter
Odell stable
W. D. Randall
J. G. Follansbee ...
J. C. Humphrey....
Mrs. E. S;arkey....
{Hanover-Blessing
< Kegent-sadlo
1 nip. Mariner-Queen Emm*
Imp. Brutns-by Kelpie
Peregrine- Lady i- osier
Hyder Ali-Namonia
Fresno-sistPr Jim Douglass
Imp. Cheviot-imp. Zara
iiajor Ban-Bessie
I
1..-!
improved on. But there are bakeries, and
many of them, whose product I would not
eat. The public is much more interested
in this fight for purer food than we are.
We, of course, look to them to lend their
moral support in the boycott which it is
our purpose to declare against certain
bosses. This is the only way we can bring
them to time.' -.
"We have another grievance, but that is
of more recent origin. Several of our men
have been discharged unjustly — merely
because the bosses entertained a sus
picion that they were responsible for the
attention of the Board of Health being di
rected toward their establishments. Here
is a sample of the justice dealt out to us:
Last week one of the bosses, whose name
1 will not reveal at present, discharged a
man named Budolph. The boss thought
Rudolph was the man who signed the
complaint sent to the Board of Health,
and without making any inquiry let him
go. I predict that when the fight is fin
ally on, there will be a merry and costly
battle for some of the bosses."
The master bakers are inclined to treat
lightly the threatened boycott. They say
the Bakers' Union is not strong enough to
do them any real harm.
The Other Side of the Story.
Concerning the forcible dispossession of
George D. Shadburne Jr., which created some
little sensation on Market street Saturday
afternoon, Mr. Shadburne himself makes the
following statement:
"I rented an office of Madison & Burke on
the 25th day of November, and held undis
puted possession of the place— 6, 632
Market street— up to the 25th day of April,
1896, when a party by the name of Wiiber
forcibly took possession of my office. J have
the agency of Dr. Pierces electric belts, which
1 sold at 632 Market street. I never offered to
sell the place to Mr. McKlaughlin, the agent of
the Sanden electric belt, and did not try to sell
to customers of Mr. McKlaughlin.
ONE HAMMER WHS LIGHT
Edgren's Throw Made With a
Missle Seven Ounces
Under Weight.
Best Tosses in the Field-Day Were
With Berkeley's Inaccurate
Hammer.
Soon after the hammer-throw, the last
and decisive event in the intercollegiate
field day, was ended Saturday evening,
several University of California men de
clared that the 16-pound hammer used by
Stanford in the preliminary throws had
been mysteriously carried away by some
of the rapidly diminishing . crowd before
the judges had officially tested its weieht,
and grave insinuations were raised as to
the probable light weight of the missile.
It was openly claimed that the referee
should award the contest to California on
that account. But Referee Elliott had
already left the grounds with the crowd.
The University of California hammer,
with which Robert Edgren made his great
est throw, that of 136 feet 6 inches, was
then weighed on three different scales
near the entrance to the park, and much
to the chagrin of the Berkeley men was
found light. In order to ascertain the
exact weights of the California hammer
and Edgren's own hammer, with which
he made the first three throws, the best
being 134 feet 7}>i inches, Professor Magee,
the gymnasium instructor of Berkeley, re
quested witnesses to accompany him to a
pair of authentic scales in a well-known
grocery store downtown. There the Cali
fornia hammer was carofully weighed and
found to be seven ounces light, while Ed
gren's hammer was four ounces in excess
of sixteen pounds.
The witnesses were Professor Magee,
Carroll, the professional hammer-thrower;
Captain Merwin of the University, and A.
B. Rice of The Call.
The Stanford hammer was subsequently
found as expected with the Stanford ap
paratus, gathered up and carted off after
the games. It was then weighed in the
presence of Referee Elliott and C. W.
Hetherington, the gymnasium instructor
of Stanford University, and just balanced
at sixteen pounds.
So the weights of the hammers have
been determined and the suspicion of base
trickery among amateur athletes removed.
But Edgren's greatest throw, that of 136
feet 6 inches, does not stand as a record.
All the last and best throws of each con
testant, however, were made with the light
California hammer, so that while none of
the performances are authentic the condi
tions were equal all round for the throw
ers. v .. ■ . »." *'< j
REALTY MARKET REVIEW.
Business Light Last Week Ow
ing to Unfavorable
Weather.
AUCTION SALES ANNOUNCED.
Pioneer Woolen Mills to Be Sold.
Some Large Building Con- :
* 3 tracts* Let., ."""'-•
.* . :.'-*■ " * -..-■''
Ihe unfavorable weather that prevailed last
week had a rather depressing effect on the
real estate market and very little business
was transacted in any quarter." Business thus
far this spring has been fair, but not as large
as many anticipated. It' is doubtful if- there
will ever be another opportunity to buy San
Francisco real estate at such low prices* as it
can be had for to-day. Yet in spite of this fact
sales are slow, and until there is a general
activity felt In all lines of business it is not
likely that there will be any very marked re
vival in the real estate market.
IffiPAVING MARKET STREET.
A prominent real estate dealer in comment
ing upon the efforts being made to repave
Market street said: "This agitation to secure
a new and better pavement on Market street is
commendable, but it will not, I fear, be pro
ductive of any good unless conducted upon'
different lines than such movements* have in
the past. The cost of laying a bituminous
pavement from the ferry to Valencia street
would, I am tola by contractors, cost in the
neighborhood of $300,000. It is generally
conceded that It would be foolish to lay a
pavement of that kind and at that expense
without first putting in a good sewer and con
duit. The latter would cost as much if not
more than the pavement. The question is,
where is the money to come from to pay for all
this?
It will never do to think of making a tax
levy for this purpose in times like these, and
there is but one other way in which such im
provements can be made and paid for, and
that is to bond the City. Let the Cycle Board
of Trade and the Merchants' Association
urge the passage of the new charter and the
bonding of the City. Let their slogan be, "Pass
the charter ana bond the City," instead of
"Repave Market street." When they can ac
complish the former, the latter will be there
suit. Covering the City with placards reading,
"Repave Market street," won't produce the
coin to foot the bill, and the sooner the agita
tion is directed toward the passing of the char
ter and bonding the City, the sooner will
Market street be paved in the befitting manner
that the City's chief thoroughfare should be
paved. .- -::
TAXING MORTGAGES.
The question of taxing mortgages is one tnat
will be voted upon at the next State election.
It is a subject upon which there has been
much discussion pro and con, and it is a matter
that will no doubt receive considerable atten
tion from the people at large before the time
to vote arrives. The April number of the Santa
Clara County Real Estate Review, published
by Wooster & Whitten, contains the following
paragraph on the subject:
The people will soon be called on to vote on
a constitutional amendment for or against the
mortgage tax. The constitution of 1879 did
much to injure the prosperity of the State of
California. What at that time seemed in the
eyes of the short-sighted and incompetent con
stitutional delegate to be a cinch on the capi
talist has proven a boomerang. This is true
generally when the poorer classes undertake
to legislate against capital. Capital must
thrive in order to make any country prosper
ous. Capital is the basis, the pivot around
which everything essential in State develop
ment must turn. Laws to encourage the in
coming of capital promote thrift and happi
ness. . . .
Laws against capital have the contrary ef
fect, and money is unjustly and unwisely kept
out of the State. If there were no tax on mort
gages the rate of interest would have a uni
form basis which would be presumably fixed
at 5% to 0 percent. This would have the ef
fect of promoting country loans, as the ardu
ous task of keeping account of all the taxes
aDd special assessments in each county and
municipality would be removed. The money
lender would simply look to the collection of
his interest as it became due. While the bor
rower, who is usually the resident and who is
therefore , responsible in his measure
for the taxes of- his district, who as
a legislative . factor thereof helps ' to
regulate, the amount of the tax, is the
most interested man and should pay it direct
ly. By so doing he would be a more careful
citizen as regards public expenditures, and be
sides he would save at least 1 per cent annu
ally, which is now charged by the loaner "to
meet possible extra assessments and contin
gencies." 5: ■•;
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were seventy-seven mortgages re
corded last week, aggregating $631,554. The
principal ones were:
Br the Hibernia Savins: and Loan Society for one
year at 6% per cent, 810,500 on property on the
north line of Broadway, 137:6 feet west of Oct»via
street, 63x137:6: by the same to Ellas J. Baldwin
for one year al 6^ per cent, $315,000 on property
In San Francisco and Los Angeles County, and in
Los Angeles City at 8 per cent, including in this
City the southeast corner of Powell and Ellis
streets, east 137:6 to tne northwest line of
Market, southwest to Eddy, west to Pow
ell, north 275 on the northwest line of Mar
ket street, 141:10V a northeast of Eddy, northeast
108:10*/ a. northwest 107:8, north 41, west 25:7,
south to beginning: on the southwest corner of
Webster and lei*, 100x100: on the south line of
Fell, 130 feet west of Webster, 30x137:6; ou the
north line of Oak, 25 feet east of Fillmore, 25x
87:6; on the south line of California, 103:1 feet
west of Jones, 103:1%x137:6. and on the south
east line of , Stevenson street. 275 northeast of
Sixth, 137:6x70; by the Securiiy Savings Bank
$60,000 for three years at 7 per cent on property
in 60-vara block 37 on the southeast corner of
Sansome and t-acramento streets, 185x124, and
by the Mutual Savings BanK 880,000 for two years
at 7 per cent on property a; the northeast corner of
Battery and Bush streets, 92:6x80.
. The releases granted last week numbered
thiity-six, aggregating $177,793. Tho larger
ones were:
By the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society, to W
W. and Mary L.. D' A rev $14,050, on property on
the south line of California street, 81:3 feet east of
Webster, 75x137:6; by the same, to A. L. Ban
croft s(S15. 000. on a lot at the northwest corner of
Fine and l-'ranulin streets, 68:9x137:6; by Wil
liam Knabe & Co., manufacturing company of
Baltimore, to the same $15,740, on the northwest
corner of Pine and Franklin streets, . north 68*9
west 110, north 68:9, west 27:6, south 137:6. east
137 (same property subsequently transferred
from A. L. Bancroft and wife to John
A. Wright for the nominal consideration
of $1); by the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
to Charles E. and H. F. Livermore, $15,000 on
property in .Mission blocks 88 and 89, on the
southeast corner of Chattanooga aud Twenty-first
streets, 125x182; onthe west line of Dolores, 234
feet south of Twenty-first, 26x125; on ihe east Ine
of Chattanooga, 156 feet north of Tweuty-second
26x125; on the west line of Chattanooga^ 182 feet
north of Twenty-second, 26x125: on the east line
of Church, 78 feet south of Twenty-first, 26x125;
on the southeast corner of Church and Twentieth'
south 228. east 280, north 14, west 55, and on the
south line of Twentieth, 155 feet west of Dolores,
50x114; by the German Savings and Loan rociety
to Jonn H, and Mary G. Lynch, $28,000 on property
on the northwest line of •> arket street, 152 :15/ 8 feet
northeast of Golden Gate avenue, northeast 25
northwest 101:7 north 89:0%, west 29-3*
south 137:6, ca t 27:11, southeast 59:9, and by
the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Benja
min F. orris, $18,000 on property on the north
west corner of Ellis and Octavla streets, 58x120.
There were ninety-three transfers recorded
last week.
• Thirty-three building contracts, the particu
lars of which were published each day in The
Call, were filed last week, the aggregate being
$314,094.
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES. '
The Torrens system of land transfers is, ac
cording to the newspapers of that city, meet
ing with unbounded success In Chicago. A
commission in Ohio that has been at worn; for
the past three years has recently reported to
the Governor of the State a bill "to simplify
and facilitate the transfer of - real estate and
he registration of titles.
It embodies all the principles of the Torrens
system and it is expected that the bill will be
passed by the next Legislature. Efforts are
being made to introduce the system in New
York Slate, with good prospects -of success.
The system wherever tried seems to give ex
cellent, satisfaction and it is not improbable
that it will, like that other-reform imported
from Australia— the Australian ballot— in due
time beocme the law of every State in the
Union for transferring real estate titles.
In the splendid exhibit of the State's prod
ucts ana resources made by the -State Board of
Trade at 16 Post street, every county in the
State is j represented . except San Francisco
County, and there are also pamphlets and
other printed matter there regarding, nearly
every section of the State except this. Many
strangers and visitors here. oiten desire in
formation regarding this City and County, and
in order to meet this demand the Chamber of
Commerce is going to issue a pamphlet that
will contain, in concise form, a host of j valu
able information concerning San Francisco.
Colonel Will E. Fisher, the well-known real
estate man, is chairman of the committee hav
ing the matter in charge, and he is now busily
engaged compiling the matter.'. - *,*.* ■
The pamphlet will consist of six or eight
pages. It will not contain any advertising
matter whatever, but will be devoted to infor
mation concerning the manufacturing and
commercial and various other interests of the
City. And it will also contain a list of the
principal points of interest in and about the
town. It will be distributed gratis here and in
Eastern cities, and will fill a long felt want.
On the 21st day of May Shainwald, BucKbee
& Co. will offer for sale at auction, without
limit or reserve, the Pioneer Woolen Mills
Company. The main parcel consists of five
fifty-vara lots bounded by North Point, Beach
and Polk streets and Van Ness avenue.
On these premises are two four-story brick
buildings and one three-story brick building.
The main structure is 383 feet by 64 feet in
size and costsl42,ooo. The two fifty-varalots at
the northwest corner. of Beach and Folk
streets will also be sold at the same time. This
is a peremptory sale and it will positively be
sold to the highest bidder.
A. M. Speck & Co. will hold their first auc
tion sale of real estate Wednesday, May 6. The
catalogue includes the following properties:
The store and lodging-house 129 Third street,
lot 25x77:6; business property onthe north
west corner of Guerrero and Sixteenth streets,
80x86, mostly improved store and lodging
house on the southeast line of Howard street,
between Fourth and Fifth, lot 25x80; three
flats on the south line of Fourteenth street, be
tween Mission and Howard, lot 26x75; an
eleven-room house on the north line of Clay
street, east of Larkin: a Richmond cottage at
219 Sixth avenue, lot 25x120; lot 25x114 and
cottage on the north line of Twenty-eighth
street, Detween Sanchez and Noe; store'and flat
on lot 25x100 on the southeast corner of
Twenty-third and Hampshire streets, the last
three named properties sold by oider of a
building association ; lot 28x114, with dwelling
and stable, on the northeast corner of Vicks
burg and Jersey streets; lot 55x100, on the
southeast corner of Ridley and Noe streets;
lot 25x90 on the south line of Twenty-fourth
street, 25 feet east of Sanchez; French flats at
1231 Union street, lot 26x67:6 feet with two
fronts; corner tenement property at 108 Lang
. ton street, lot 25x80 feet.
The Bijou Theater building, on the south
side of Market street, near Third, is to be torn
down to make room for a three-story structure
that will cost about $30,000. The front will
be of white brick and terra cotta. The lower
floor will be arranged for one large store, and
it is expected that the upper floors will be used
for office purposes.
O'Farrell & Co. will hold an auction sale of
about 100 lots on the Excelsior Homestead,
being on the line of the Mission-street cars, on
the evening of May 25.
This firm will also offer at auction on Mon
day, the 14th of May, a choice assortment of
miscellaneous properties, including resi
dences, investments and business property.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have recently made
the following sales: Residence and lot, lOOx
109, on the corner of Mission and Eureka
streets, $15,000; store and flat on lot on the
southeast line of Howard street, between Fifth
and Sixth, $9200; lot, 20x104, and improve
ments, on the east line of Taylor street. 103
feet north of Geary, $12,900; house and lot,
22:6x59:3, on the south line of Golden Gate
avenue, 137:6 west of Hyde, $8250; lot, 69:3 x
107, on the east side of Sanchez street, between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth, $8900: lot, 25x
100, on the north side of California street, 32:6
east of Eleventh avenue, $900; lot on the
north side of California, 57:6 east of Eleventh
avenue, $900. The same firm has sold 83
acres, at $115 an acre, or $9545, in lot 92, Mc-
Mahan's ranch, at Winters, and 61 acres in lot
S3 of the same ranch, at $85 an acre, making
$5185.
A. M. Speck & Co. sold last week seven tene
ments on the south line of Stevenson street,
100 feet west of Potter, lot 50x100, for $6700,
and a lot 27:6x91 and cottage on the west line
of Leavenworth street, 50 feet south of Lom
bard, for $3000. .
Andrew B. McCreery has purchased, through
Baldwin & Hammond, for his son, Richard S.
McCreery, the northeast corner of Pine and
Octavia streets. The lot is 55 :6x137 :6 and the
improvements consist of four two-story dwell
ings, that rent for $231 Der month. The con
sideration was $25,000. The former owner
was S. Wenban.
O. F. yon Rhein & Co. are preparing a cata
logue of properties which they will offer at
auction next month.
The sales of the property made by Shain
wald, Buckbee & Co. of the estate of C. H.
Strybing, deceased, will come up for confirma
tion to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock before
Judge Coffey. Included in the list are the fol
lowing : The Maison Dore property on Kearny
street, the property opposite the" Occidental
Hotel and a four-story brick building on
Market street, near First, lot 40x60. It is
thought that some advance bids will be made
at the time.
A mortgage for $80,000 was given last week
by Isabella D. Clark and others to the Mutual
Savings Bank on the lot 92:6x80 at the north
east corner of Bush and Battery streets. The
mon«y is to be used for the construction of a
six-story and tenement brick and stone build
ing ou the premises named, contracts for
which were filed last Thursday.
The Congressman Shut Up.
The last- time Con_ressn.an Bailey of
Texas was in New York he had business
on lower Broadway. As he went down on
a cable-car the conductor shouted out
•'Houston !" with the pronunciation given
to that name in these parts. Bailey looked
at a lamp-post.
"You mean 'Hooston,'" said Bailej,
"don't you?" The conductor without
looking at him said: "I know my busi
ness." 3 3v3: ..
"If. part of your business is to call out
the streets properly," said Bailey quietly,
"then you don't know it. Thestreet we
just passed is, not called 'Howston,' as
you pave it, but 'Hooston,' for General
Sara Houston, the liberator of Texas. If
you ever went to Texas and talked about
Sam 'Howston,' you'd be lucky to escape
lynching."
"If I went to Texas," said the conductor,
who was born on Sixth avenue, and who
never was farther away from the city than
Coney Island, "I'd deserve anything they
gave me."
Bailey said nothint, for he did not know
the answer to this discourteous sugges
tion.—New York Journal.
■ ■• — * — • —
Tbirtetn months ago MrsT Headler~SsTt,
living near Wilkesbarre, Pa., gave birth to
twins, and the other day she became the
mothei of triplets. She is 35 years old and
has had fourteen children.
-^-^-,-,-,_-,_n_n_- l _-_-_-_-_ r^ l NEW TO-DAT.
*^Q<^6<^e*-V9^e*^9'^e'^fi'^9'^- <^^'^Q' (^'^Q^9^Q<^6'<^
bM Ol ■ t_.il_al_l*® |
SIGNATURE <^^>\
(Ay^^^^^^ is. now (f^^^^^^^wdl)/ $
<~^ .printed in $
BLUE, diagonally ■ W^^t^^W-^ ©
across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of ©
kk3 ■__§\«»_J»___R_r__3R_RoJa ',-■ *^a_ ; _&¥a9 ©
I ■B -F_W*.l Um7i*w tS_pBy.il ai n aj $
The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- t
tection against air imitations. J
Agents for the United States, ■ JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y. ]
"*'**^©'*^©'"*_-o''«**>^^e--'^©-^
r~~~r~-— — ~~ — "*~~~"""" — — — — . — ———»—————____—_—_—_—. — ,
- ESsa^aß3^^a^B-_a£_aa_a_g-n--^ -
ESfM tlon 0I a I«" mouiJ French physician, will quickly cure yon of all ncr-
Bllf^W »5» -™ |S? tlon 0I »I am ou9 French physician, will quickly cure you of all n*£
H\J> jcA I\V >Al ? on3 . d ««'as o 9 loth1 o'the > generative such m "lost Manhood
m ffF% A <&&' Pimp es, Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting -^£^SteoO_*_n_
|_1 \. J V ~7 Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. PrevpntV
m -ess^of discharge, which lfnotcheckedleafls to SpemmtorrhceaJSd
IS BEFORE and AFTER all the horrors of lmpotency. «T*Pl»*_ll|*E cleanses liver, tl
63 .-.-.._ _.^-« . ... and the urinary organs of all Impurities.
™" tPPID_.„E strengthens end restores small weak organs.
««_ The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled w»M-
■Pro«ta< iff*. CCPIDEXIIIs th« only known remedy to cure without operation MOO tesMiMnS
s l!^. A written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not effect ai ceimanentenni.
$1.00 a box, six for •***.<», by mail. Send for free circular and testimonials. perm-neat cur%
Address "DAVOI. MEDICINES CO.,' 1170 Market street, San Francisco. Cal. For sale by
____7_ BROOKS' PHAKMACY, 119 Powell street.
— i ——————
"KNOWLEDGE IS FOLLY UNLESS PUT
TO USE." YOU KNOW
SAPOLIO ?
THEN USE IT.
STUBBS RETURNS HOME.
Third Vice-President of the
Southern Pacific Non-
Committal.
THE FREIGHT-RATE PROBLEM
Action of the Transcontinental Asso
ciation in Declining to Increase
Rates May Be Final.
J. C. Stubbs, third vice-president of the
Southern Pacific, is back from the East-
He arrived last night direct from Chicago,
where he attended the meeting of the
executive committee of the Transconti
nental Traffic Association last week.
Mr. Stubbs was accompanied by his wife,
and they were met at the ferries at 8:45
o'clock by a number of friends and several
representatives from that department of
the great railroad system over which the
third vice-president presides the freight
and traffic interests. ,
Much interest is centered about the re
turn of Mr. Stubbs at this time, since it
is generally* known that he failed to have
the Transcontinental Association ratify
the action of the representatives of the
transcontinental railroads, .who met in
Milwaukee three weeks ago, in increasing
the rates on all Eastern and Western
bound freight.
The transcontinental lines are all those
having extensions west of the Missouri
River. These lines decided on a general
increase of freight rates, not only on
through business both ways, but on inter
mediate traffic as well. The scheme had
already been cooked and was ready to go
into effect when the Milwaukee conven
tion was held. It was attended by the
general freight agents and others high in
authority on the lines in question. Gen
eral Freight Agent Smurr of the Southern
Pacific was in attendance as the repre
sentative of his company. Mr. Stubbs was
detained at New York, "having important
business with Mr. Huntington, and was
therefore unable to be present at the delib
erations. * *'*.•■ \y"y .77 .-.:•..
But Mr. Stubbs attended the meeting of
the executive committee of the association
at Chicago a week ago, and, despite the ef
forts of those on. the board who were
anxious to have the schedule of rates fixed
at the Milwaukee conference go into effect,
the question was postponed and the repre
sentatives of the different transcontinental
lines scattered to their respective homes.
Mr. Stubbs declined to discuss the situ
ation last, night. lie said he was very
much fatigued after his long journey
across the continent and seemed ardently
desirous of getting back again to the bosom
of. bis family.
. "Did the action of the executive com
mittee mean an indefinite postponement
of the rate question?" he was asited.
"Yes, that is practically what it means,"
replied Mr.. Stubbs. '7-, : 7
"Then, the executive committee flatly
refused to indorse the stand taken by the
Milwaukee conference?"
"Well, now, by boy, replied Mr. Stubbs
with a pleasant smile and a wave of the
hand, let us not discuss that matter to
night."
Pressed for further information, Mr.
Stubbs excused himself and disappeared
in the night.
English Railroad Tickets.
Last year there was issued in the United
Kingdom considerably over 911,000,000 of
railway tickets, exclusive of season tickets
and workmen's weekly tickets. It is not
easy to realize such a number. Roughly
speaking, if they had to be conveyed, say
from London to Edinburgh in a mass, it
would require 100 railway trucks, each car
rying 10 tons. If they were stacked one
upon another in a single column the pile
would be nearly 500 miles high, and if
they were laid end to end in a line it would
exceed the length of the equator by about
one-third. But no computations of this
kind can convey anything like so impress
ive an idea of the magnitude of the yearly
issue of railway tickets as can be gained
by a stroll through one or two of the estab
lishments in . which they are manufac
tured.
Up till a few years ago the bulk of our
railway tickets came from private factories
in London and Manchester. Latterly the
larger railways have been setting up es
tablishments of their own for printing
their tickets, which, however, they still
buy from outside workers in the form of
"blanks." It might reasonably be ex
pected that where the numbers required
are so vast the printing would be done in
large sheets, to be afterward cut up into
tickets. This, however, is not the way it
is done. Pasteboard is specially made for
the purpose, but it is sliced up into "blank"
tickets, each to be printed and numbered
one by one afterward.— Chambers' Journal.
910
WEEKLY FRATERNAL NOTES
The Advance That the Improved
Order of Red Men Is
Making.
TWO INTERESTING DECISIONS.
Extracts From the Report of the Grand
President of the Native Sons of
the Golden West— Wocdmen.
Independent Order Odd Fellows.
The visit of the Veteran Odd Fellows to Oak
land Lodge last Tuesday evening was a great
event. Noble Grand Ford presided and in the
lodgeroom the principal speech was made by
E. H. Black. In the banquet-room, to which
all retired later in the evening, an excellent
supper was partaken of and addresses were
made by Past Presidents L. S. W. Downes, W.
T. Gibbs, Vice-President W. S. Dryden, Secre-
tary W. H. Barnes and others.
The Veteran Odd Fellows will hold their an
nual meeting on the 11th of May and the ban
quet will be given on the following evening at
a place not yet selected. The veterans cannot
this year secure the Pleasanton as they have
been in the habit of doing in the past.
The Odd Fellows of San Andreas, Calaveras
County, will observe the seventy-seventh anni
versary of Odd Fellowship in the United
States by decorating the graves of those who
have gone before them. The Odd Fellows of
Stockton will celebrate the event by attending
divine service.
George B. Washburn, who was recently mur
dered at San Andreas, was prominent in Odd
Fellowship in Calaveras County. For forty
years he was a member of the lodge at San
Andreas.
Property-owners In the vicinity of the Odd
Fellows' Home at Thermallto have given notice
that if the Orphans' Home is located in that
vicinity they will donate to it five acres of
land with every acre planted with budded
orange trees.
The Patriarchs.
Canton San Francisco No. will hold its annual
muster and Installation of officers In Encampment
Hall on Tuesday, May 5, on which occasion the
canton will give a banquet to Canton Oakland NO. ,
11 at the Baldwin Hotel.
Grand Patriarch ßeld announces the following vis
itations: Ono No. 22, Oroville, May 1: Lone Star
No. 10. Mokelumne Hill, May 2; Parker No. 3,
Stockton, May 4: Marble No. 19, lone City, May
5; Amador No. 17, Sutter Creek. May 6: ('alt No.
65, May 7; Mount Morlah No. 38, Vallejo, May 8;
Live Oak. No. 40. Napa, May 9; Unity No. 26,
May 12; Walhalla No. 7, May 15, and Oriental No.
67. May 16.
The grand patriarch visited Alameda Encamp
ment last Thursday, Oakland Encampment on
Friday and Golden Gale Encampment on Satur
day, and at each place he was well received.
The Kebekahs.
The State Rebekah Assembly will be held In
this City 'at the same time that the Grand
Lodge Is to hold its session. Miss Fannie Benja
min, the .-rand president, has issued a circular, an
nouneing that the following will lie the programme
for assembly week: On Tuesday evening there
will be an exemplification of. the Initiatory work
by the degree staff of Fair Oaks Rebekah Lodge
of Alameda, after which the doors will be opened
for a general reception to all Odd Fellows and
their families. _ short programme and a social
time will follow. On Thursday afternoon. Imme
diately after the election of officers, there will be
an exemplification of the Installation ceremony by
Antoinette Shaw.disirict^leputy grand master, and
the grand officers of District No. 6 of San Fran
cisco, on Thursday night the management of the
Columbia Theater will give a benefit for the
Orphans' Home.
The grand president visited Templar Lodge on
Saturday evening. ;.:- : : :: .-,
Miss Fannie Benjamin of Los Angeles, the grand
president of the Beoekahs, was in this City last
week preparing her report to be presented to the
State Assembly. Miss Benjamin is a young, petite
woman with a pleasant face, sharp' bright eyes,
and while there is nothing about her to denote the
new woman her work during the past year shows
that she is ambitious, energetic aud desirous to
carry out in the fullest the very responsible duties
imposed upon her. some time ago, when she be
came aware that in the southern part of the btate
she would be called ui-on to institute a lodge that
would work in the German language, she did what
very few officers would have done she studied the
German language so that she might be abie to per
form the work herself, and she did that work. She
has visited more out-of-the-way lodges than any
other president ever has, for she believes that every
lodge that she can call upon is entitled to a visit
tiom the head of the order. Being conscientious
as well as enthusiastic she does not mind i ersonal
discomfort or fatigue so long as she is advancing
the order and by her advice and explanation help
ins the members of the subordinates to fully un
derstand and appreciate the beauties of Odd Fel
lowship as far as it applies to the Bebekahs. A
few months ago she determined to visit the lodges
in the extreme northern countiei of the State,
where visits In the past have been very rare.
When she hail mapped out her route she was in
formed of the great distance by stage she would
have to travel, an undertaking that would have
made a man of robust physique falter, but she
answered that she would 'stage it," holding that
It was her duty to visit those lodges as much as it
was her duty to visit those that are on the Hue of
ea?y and comfortable traveL It Is such as Miss
Benjamin who keen alive the spirit of fraternity.
Order Eastern Star.
District Deputy Mrs. Malgren visited Oakleaf
Chapter, Oakland, last Thursday. Despite the
disagreeable weather there was a large attend
ance, there being delegations from Golden Gate. I
Harmony and Ivy chapters of San Francisco,
Unity and Oakland chapters of Oakland and
Golden Wave Chapter ol San Leandro,
Last Wednesday Grand Patron Merritt visited
Adah of Nevada Chapter at Beno.
A new chapter will be instituted at Crescent
City, Del Norte County, next month. The new
chapter at Wadsworth was Institute! last Friday,
not the Friday preceding, as previously an
nounced.
Cutis Chapter will give a party on Wednesday
next.
Harmony Chapter of this City will give an en
tertainment on the 15th or May.
Ancient Order United "Workmen.
Daring the coming month Grand Master Vlnter
will visit lodges that are located in the bay coun
ties.
The distribution of the proceedings of the Grand
Lodge, which adjourned on the 9th last., was not
delayed. The reports were ready for distribution
on the 22d, and on the following day were on the
way to those entitled to receive them.
Judge F.Adami has been appointed chairman
of the com: Itti on appeals and grievances.
Last Wednesday evening Vallejo ixidge re
ceived a large delegation from Fortuns Lodge of
Napa, and on thai occ.slon the Workman degree
was conferred. ■_■ "
A. F. Mm kay of Los Angeles, grand foreman,
will shortly visit a number of lodges in the south
ern part of the state.
u Last Wednesday evening Enterprise Lodge and
Mount Hamilton Lodge, in conjunction with Alias
Unchurch Lodge of the degree of Honor, all of
San Jose, tendered Grand Master -Workman Vin
ter, who Is a resident of that city, a grand recep
tion. During the evening he was presented with a
very tine oak. office desk. There was a pleasant
entertainment and a feature of the evening was
drill by sixteen young girls from the Grant school
Past Grand Master W. 11. Barnes, who appeared*
to the surprise of the reception committee deliv
ered an entertaining address. The meeting wan
presided over by W. B. Hardy. ---•__ was
A case wherein the Grand Lodge was defendant
was tried before Judge Hunt and a jury on
Wednesday. A member became suspended in
February. 1893, who, it Is alleged, was insane- but
who was not so adjudged until May of thai year
i? e J never was reinstated, and in December he
died. Ihe widow cotr.rr.enced suit to recover the
sum of ■*S2OOO. It pas urged on behalf of the de
ceased that because of insanity, of which the
order had no jtno- ledge, he was not bound by the
laws the order, and was released from the nav
ment of assessments. The plaintiff rested her case
on this contention, a motion for non-suit was
made by Eugene N. Deuprey. representing the
Grand Lodge, and the motion was granted by the
court. " c
The Court of Appeals of Kansas decided re
cently that a subordinate lodge officer could not
waive any provision of the constitution. - It was
attempted to be shown in t c case of a member
who died under suspension, and for whom nav
mentwas made after death and received by the
financier, that it was the custom of the oartieular
lodge to thus violate the law, and hence the older
whs bound by the act of the officer. The Sum-erne
Court held the contention not good, and decided
the case in favor of the order. -evmeu
Native Sons of the Golden West.
In his report for the year, to be read at the ses
sion of the grand parlor, which Is to meet in San
Diego to-day. Grand President Frank H. Dunne
reviews the events of the year at length. He says
that there Is nothing so Important as the choice of
first-class deputies, and he pays a high compliment
to those who have worked with • him. During the
year Athens Parlor No. 195 at Oakland and Corona
Parlor No. 196 at. Los Angeles were instituted;
Calaveras Parlor at San Andreas, Prince at Angels
Camp. Gilroy. .Santa Clara County, Silver Tip at
Vacavllle, Bonner at Truckee and Winters Parlor
at Yolo were reorganized; Palos Verdes of San
Pedro, Varans of Arbuckle and Mount Whitney of
Independence surrendered - their charter?. He
recommends that • the following-named parlors i c
. deprived of their charters for failure to make semi
annual reports for two years: Sau Mateo, Tulare,
Golden Fleece, Meridian, Eagle, Schonchin, Chlspa,
Inyo, Oakdale, Lakeport, Sea Point, Lemoore and
Bueneme. : V *.V.„
In conclusion he says: "There is justification for
the belief that this year has been in some respects
one of the most eventful In the order. In the
erection of the new hall in -"an Francisco a work
was consummated which has given us a firmer
hold on the affections and regards of the commu
nity at large and of the young men to whom our
work especially appeals. There can be no doubt
that good results already accrued indicate splendid
prospects for the future, and that the growth is
healthy and legitimate, there is every reason to be
lieve." -;;•';-
Stanford gave a high jinks to delegates from the
iuteroron last Friday night.
Hesperian .Parlor gave a pleasant entertain
ment in the ball of Mission Parlor last week.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
The Grand Parlor will convene In tenth annual
session at Napa on the 9th of next June. The sub
ordinate parlors will elect delegates at the first
meeting in May. .-333 "■-.
A new parlor Is being organized In East Oakland
by Miss Emma Dellwig, D. 1). G. P., assisted by
members of^Brooklvn Parlor of the Native Sons.
El Psecadero Parlor of Tracy Is In a prosperous
condition. It initiated five members at its last
held meeting. The members are making arrangu
ments for a dramatic entertainment to be given
next month. >.•;-■'*< -;...
Oro Fino Parlor will give its anniversary ball on
the 30th Inst, in Native sons' Hall. On that oc
casion the grand president. Miss Mariana Bertola,
will present the parlor a handsome silk Hag. This
parlor is also doing well, having at its last meeting
Initiated five candidates and received a number of
applications. •
Miss Inge Petersen, the grand treasurer, was
married on the 23d inst. to Henry Faure, a promi
nent member of Pacific Parlor of the Native Sons.
The best wishes of the order are extended to the
young lady in her new station in life.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Last Monday night Court Tomales No. 8516
was Instituted at Tomates by High Court Secre
tary M. P. Light, assisted by It. N. McLennan.
High Court Auditor, . and Chief Hanger Butler.
The new court starts out well with twenty-eight
members on the charter list. The following were
the officers elected and Installed: M. L. Murphy,
P. C. R. ; W. H. Evans. C R. ; John Hansen, S. C.
R. : W. H. Vaughan, treasurer; William Guldager,
F. S.; F. S. Holland, R. S.; V. Zlmnlni, S. W. ;
George Fatten,' J. W. ; W. D. Patten, & B.; Wil
liam Patten, J. 8.; Dr. Philio Hull, medical ex
aminer; F. F. Plank, N. W. Cornell and J. Steele,
trustees. The work of Institution was done in
good style, and after the ceremony there was a
banquet at which the instituting officer acted as
toast master in a most creditable manner. The
entertainment lasted until a late hour and broke
up with good wishes for the new court and its
officers. .
Johannes F. Eckardt, who is In this City as a
delegate from Court Camoes of Honolulu, H. 1., to
the subsidiary High Court which is to meet in
Ukiah next month, has, during his stay in the
City, visited the principal hospitals, and after the
session at Ukiah be will proceed East to visit hos
pitals there for the purpose of preparing a report
to present to the Queen's Hospital, of which he
has been superintendent for eighteen years.
Courts Ivanhoe. Twin Peaks and Bohemian each
received two applications for membership during
the pan week.
High Chief Ranger William Casbman, who dur
ing the past week was confined to his home by an
attack of la grippe, is convalescing.
At tbe High Court session a number of amend
ments will be offered. One will be to have ses
sions every two years instead of yearly, and an
other will be graded assessments.
Foresters of America.
A. Orfila, grand chief ranger, has announced the
following as the committees to serve during the
coming session of the Grand Court: Credentials
and returns— S. L. Waller of No- 36, San Fran
cisco (chairman) ; John Castera of No. 68. Los An
geles; H. A. Gabriel of No. 60, Santa Clara. Dis
tribution—Carl E. Llndsey of No. 61, Santa Cruz
(chairman); Jean Apiou of No. 97. Los Angeles;
John G. Dont of No. 24, Santa Rosa. Laws— J. B.
Curtln of No. 129, Sonora (chairman); J. Samuels
of No. 20, San Francisco; J. H. Melville of No. 30,
Los Angeles. Acts E. Bevan of No. 34. Marys
ville (chairman): J. L. McCormick of No. 18, San
Francisco; Frank Lewis of No. 108, Pleasanton
Appeals and grievances E. I. Wo'fe of .*•*<>. 22,
San Francisco (chairman): Henry Haar of No. 15,
San Francisco: George D. Goldman of No. 28, San
Diego. Finance and taxation— Dr. W. E. Lindley
of No. 49, Los Angeles (chairman); C. B. Strong of
No. 12, Sacramento; Julius Calmann of No. 6, San
Francisco. state of the order— I . P. Rendon, P. G.
Stockton (chairman): Dr. W. A. Welaon of
No. 107, San Pedro; A. A. Brown of No. 54, san
Jose. Mileage and per diem— F. A. Mauriclo of
No. 102. Los Angeles (chairman): Otto c. oregor
of No. 80, Eureka: T. G. Drury of No. 133. Santa
Ana. Press— W. D. S. Harrington of No. 64, San
Francisco (chairman ); J. J. Livernash of No. 142,
Healdsburg: J. C. Howe of No. 13, San Francisco.
Companions of the Forest, F. O. A.
The members of the "Green" side of Hamlet Cir
cle No. 64 were entertained last Friday evening at
an elegant banquet by the members of the "Yel
low" side of the same circle, the occasion being the
acknowledgment of the fact that for a period of
six months the "Green" had been more active in
making points In a contest between the two sides.
Miss A. P. Bremer, captain of the yellow side, pre
sided, and. at her right was seated Miss M. Boos
chief companion of the circle, and at her left Miss
T. Krueger, captain of the green side. The con- j
test proved to be of much benefit to the circle, not I
only in introducing new members, but in further
ing the social features Of the order.
C. H. Bremer, past supreme chief companion,
was the recipient, on last Saturday, of a handsome
Jewel, emblematic of li is rank, and which was
voted him at the session of the Supreme Circle
held in Boston, Mass., last September. It is a flat
tering tribute to an energetic and attentive officer.
University Council No. 322 was instituted in
Golden (.ate. Alameda County, last Wednesday
evening by Mrs. M. a. Duke, G. S. <". ("., assisted
by Miss A. D. Bremer, G. 8.; Mrs. J. K. Mimes,
G. T. : Mrs. M. E. Harrington, grand trustee, and
Past Chief Companions Miss M, Mentel, Miss B. I
Hintze and Henry Kaufman. The follow, were |
installed as officers: MiSs E. Haynes. J. P. CO.;
M ss M. Ayden, C. C; Mrs. Bornhause, S. C. C.; ;
Mrs. A. M. Niedt, financial secretary; Miss Minnie
Storm, recording secretary; Mrs. Dr. Tucker,
treasurer: Mrs. T. Hilly, R. G.; Miss A. Storm.
L <*.; Mrs. Kate Gittere, 1. G.; F. R. Niedt, O. G.;
Mrs. M. Carius, Mrs. Grace Niedt and Mrs. M.
Sweeney, trustees; Dr. W. M. Murphy, physician.
Independent Foresters.
At the meeting of Court Diana held last week
there was an Increase in membership, and a num
ber of applications received were referred to the
proper committee. . The membership of this court
now exceeds 100, with prospects of reaching the
150 mark in a short time. There are but few
courts that are as fortunate as Is tnls one in hav
ing members who each work to advance its inter
ests. It Is the opinion of members of this court
that Forestry is a good thing and that a locality
that has not a court of this order is no up to date
This court «ill give a literary and social enter
tainment in Alcazar building on next Wednesday
evening, when some of the High Court officers
will talk on Forestry.
High Chief Ranger McElfresh paid a visit to
Court Kingsbury recently* and was received by a
large number of the members. He delivered an
address on Forestry and on fraternal insurance as
practiced by this order, and succeeded in awaken
ing a great deal of interest, with the result that a
number of applications were signed.
The order is making very satisfactory progress
in this jurisdiction, new and strong courts being
established and those already established being
added to. 6 |
At the meeting of Court Mission last Thursday
three candidates were initiated and tour applica- I
tions were presented. Under the head Of good of I
the order, Dr. Kcstendink, the courts physician
delivered an interesting lecture on the human I
head and brain. The court has extended an invi
tation to all Independent tores t era to attend its
meetings ■in Native Sons* Hall on Seventeenth
street.-
Knights of Pythias.
Golden City Lodge, at its last held convention,
advanced an esquire to the rank of knight.
Last Friday Fairmoant Lodge conferred the
knight rank in the long form, and the work was
admirably done.
To-morrow night Grand Chancellor George
Samuels will Institute Los Angeles Lodge at Los
Angeles. ~ t - .:*:,:
On Thursday evening next G. H. Klnloch, cap
tain; Paul Meyer, first lieutentint; L. C. Bidstrup,
second lieutenant: W. R. R. Reeves, recorder, and
N. Garben, treasurer, of Suisun division, will be
installed by Colonel A. J. Buckles. On the even
ing of the second Thursday In June next this di
vision, in conjunction with Suisun Lodge will en
tertain the friends of the members at an open
meeting. *
Mariposa .Lodge, recently instituted at Mariposa
by I rank H. larrar, P. G. C. assisted by members
of *. Mentha Lodge cf Merced, Installed the follow
ing officers for the current term: J. H. Burma C
»*.: 1). X, Bert-ten, v. C.: R. A. Prouty, P.; C.« V.
Jones. M. of W.; R. L. Paine. M. of h.: George K.
Lind, M of F.; H.J. Collins. K. of R. & S.; John
\oung. M.-at-A.; W. p. Bertken, I. G., and Joseph
Jones, v. G. Th *.- regular conventions will be held
on Wednesday evening. ■■-••.-=
There is no provision by the Grand Lodge for
members of lodges that have surrendered their
charters, or who from old age or other causes can
not gain admittance into another lodge of the or
der, but the matter will be brought up at the next
session Of the Grand Lodge and an effort will be
made to provide for those knights who are turned
out through no fault of their own.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
In the report of the proceedings of the Grand
Lodge of the Knights and Ladles of Honor last
week the addition of the letter "s" to Mr. made It
appear that it was Mrs. Hi B. Carleion who had
been elected grand secretary. The fact Is' that
while Mrs. Carleton would have made a most effi
cient secretary, being thoroughly conversant with
the affairs of the order, it was S. B. Carleton who
was chosen for that office. He was the only one of
the grand officers re-elected and it is an honor of
which he can feel proud. He can also feel proud of
the further fact that this is the ninth time that he
has been elected to rill that responsible office.
The retiring grand protector, F. Kemp yon Ec,
was at the close of the grant' lodge session pre
sented with a very fine gold-headed ■ cane suitably
engraved in recognition of his devotion to the
order during his term of office.
3 3 - The Knights of Honor. 3 3
Last Thursday night Ivy, Eagle and Far West
.*."■■ ■■.'.■-..-.,. .■ - .- ... .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1*96.
lodges,' that are in district 29, gave a grand
smoker and high jinks in ' Social Hall,' in Alcazar
building, which was , well attended despite the
heavy downpour Of rain. William B. Currier,
district deputy, was master of ceremonies and A.
Gunzendorfer was the principal speaker of the
evening. There was an Interesting programme of
songs, recitations and instrumental music and a
smoke for every one. Each lodge received a num
ber of applications. /» * , . .
Next Thursday evening Fortuna Lodge will give
an entertainment at 20 Eddy street. At its last
held meeting this lodge was visited by Grand
Guide Leonard and District Deputy Summers.
Grand Dictator Archibald is still in the lower
country. Last week he was in the city of Los An
geles and sends encouraging reports. On the 12th
of May he will be In Fresno and on the 20lh in
Modesto.
Improved Order of Ked Men.
Pottawattamie Tribe was instituted at Haywards
last week by Great Sachem Jackson, assisted by
Great Chief of Records Burgman, B. F. Josselyn,
P. G. S.; Thomas Campbell, D. D. G. S.; J. G.
Hanks, great sannap; J. D. Baldwin, P. S. of
Arapahoe Tribe; Chief of Records Walker, and . E.
J. Montague, of the same tribe; Fast
Sachem Fiske of Sotovome Tribe, Past Sachem
Britt of Tecumseh Tribe, and delegates from
Arapahoe, Comanche and other tribes. The
adoption work was performed by a team from
Comanche Tribe of Elmhurst in the most satisfac
tory manner. The following chiefs were then
elected and installed: A. C. Malone, P.; G. S.
Langen, S.; C. B. Harmon, S. S.; A. Enos, J. S.;
J. B. Rose, C. of R.; S. J. Simons, K. W. All
present then retired to the banquet-room, where
some of the finest corn and venison awaited them,
and after an enjoyable time and several long and
short talks the council-room was once more occu
pied and the three degrees conferred.
The picnic committee is hard at work making
the necessary arrangements for the picnic to be
given on the 4th of July. A first-class band bai
been engaged and every effort will be made to
make this the most enjoyable event of this kind
ever given.
Arapahoe Tribe Is arranging for an open meet
ing In May to the families and friends of members.
There will be a literary and musical entertain
ment and dance.
Pocahontas Social Club will give an entertain
ment at Fruit vale on the 24th or May.
Last Monday the great chiefs paid a visit to Po
honacbee Tribe, and on Tuesday they were with
Montezuma Tribe. On that occasion they were
accompanied by Past Great Sachems Josseiyn and
Brand, and F. L. Bliss, acting great sannap.
Miantonomah Tribe paid a fraternal visit and per
formed the adoption ceremony for Montezuma in
a manner that won the approval of all.
On Wednesday the great chiefs visited th ■
French Tribe, Seminole, which works in the
French language. 1 hey also paid a visit to Man
zanita Tribe. 'J here were talks by the great chief,
A. Jackson, Great Chief of Records Burgman,
Great Keeper of Wampum Smith and Past Great
Sachems Josselyn, Brandt and Chase, and a re
sponse by E. \V. Thomas of Manzanita. On
Thursday they were with Modoc Tribe, and while
there Soioyome Tribe paid a fraternal visit. On
Saturday night they paid a vi.it to Pocahontas
Tribe, when the adoption ceremony was presented
for the benefit of the visitors.
To-morrow the great chiefs will visit Wahtoke
Tribe at Fresno and later they will visit Cocopah
Tribe at Los Angeles.
A new council of the Daughters of Pocahontas
was instituted on Friday evening at Elmhurst by
Miss Carrie Johnson, great prophetess, acting for
Great Pocahontas Mabel Curtis. She was assisted
by L. J. Pinkham, S. G. C; Miss Annie Kelly as
great wenow ah; H. S. Winn, great keeper of rec
ords; E. Pfelffer, great keeper of wampum, and
others. There was a large number present, and
the new council, which is No. 17. starts out with
forty-six charter members. M. L. H. Gish was
elected prophetess, Miss Annie Whipple Pocahon
tas and R. M. Smith keeper of records. ; •
Young Men's Institute.
Oakland Council will have a ladies' night at 1058
Broadway, Oakland, on the 27th of May.
Vallejo Council has chartered a steamer and will
go to El Campo on the 27th of next month.
Next Wednesday Past Grand President Kierce,
Grand President Lynch, Grand Director J. C.
O'Donnell, Supreme Deputy McGlynn and Grand
Secretary Stanley will meet to prepare the consti
tution in accordance with charges made by the
Supreme Council and have it ready for presenta
tion at tbe meeting of the next Grand Council.
Grand Directors McGuiness, O'Brien, O'Donnell,
Grand Trustee O'Donnell and Grand Secretary
Stanley will meet on the Ist of May to prepare a
basis of settlement of funds between the California
and the Northwest jur.sdictions, which will come
into existence on the 19 th of May.
The board of grand directors will meet on the 2d
of May. . .... -■*
Council No. 34 will give a complimentary social
on the 13th of May In Union-square Hall.
The following named will be delegates to the
Grand Council: ■'.-■. *»'■
No 69— Rev. P.. C. Yorke, Charles McCarthy;
alternates— John Hyland, A. P. Mulligan. No.
16 — William Boyle, P. Carolan: alternates-
Thomas H. McDermott, L. Wade. No. 47— M. G.
Callagiian, John W. Twohey; alternates— James
Gallagher, W. J. Doolau. No. John T. Doyle,
John H. emith: alternates— A. C. Oullahan. John
Harknis. No. 45— Rev. Martin J. Whyte, Erhart
Steiger; alternates —E. J. Furgeson, Joseph
Kearny. No. 6— D. J. Hallahan, J. S. Gilmore;
alternates— X. P. Hammond. John J. Kennedy. No.
B— D McCarthy, Fred Rtaly; alternates— George
Donnelly, John Connolly. No. 4— John J. Green,
John J McLaughlin; alternates -John J. Duddy,
VV. M. Gillespie. No. James E. Britt, William
J. liarrold; alternates— George M.Kelly, Fred J.
Dunne. No. 3— Rev. C. E. O'Nelle, R. shepston;
alternates— J. Conneston, J. E.Richards. No.
74— John Re.dy, J. F. McDonald; alternates-
James Kingston, James A. strain.
Order Chosen Friends.
| Grand Councilor Boehm on last Tuesday paid an
official visit to Teutonic Council, and on Saturday
night he visited Phoenix Council. He will visit
Crystal Council on tbe 30th inst., Empire Council
on the 4lh of May, America Council on the sth,
Samaritan Council on the 6th and Olive Branch
Council on the Bth.
The grand councilor has appointed standing com
mittees as follows: Law and supervision, VV. H.
Savage of Martha Washington Lodge, J. A. stein
bach of Samaritan Lodge, and D. J. Hartley of Sac
ramento; finance and accounts, Fred A. Taylor of
Sunset Lodge, M. H. Brlckwedel of Concord Lodge,
I and J. M. Marais of America Lodge; distribution.
*.*. 11. Kieferof Friendship Lodge, J. W. Richmond
of Starr Lodge, and K. G. Hillmau of Olive Branch
Lodge.
The grand councilor has appointed the following
named district deputies: For district No. 1, lodges
Nos. 10, 52 and 34, F. A. Taylor; for district No.
2. lodges Nos. 2. 8 and S**,  alter N. Brunt; for
district No. 3. lodges Nos. 60. 66 and 180. William
Miller; for district No. 4, lodges Nos. 13, 47,65
and 112, E. M.Morgan; tor district No. 5, lodges
Nos. 7, 46, 152 and 190, Thomas H. O'Brien; lor
district no. 6, lodges Nos. 4," 11 and 16, S.N.
Davidson, and for district No. 7, lodges Nos. 133
and 186, J. L. Homer.,
Pacific Council, at a recent meeting. Initiated one
candidate and received three applications. Appli
cations for membership have be*n received during
the past week by Sunset, California and Evans
councils.
The Progressive Union councils will, on the 28*h
of May, celebrate by a grand entertainment in
Union-square Hall the eighteenth anniversary of
the founding of the order.
Jr. Order United American Mechanics.
State Councilor Schartzer was in Los Angeles
ana San Diego last week and writes encourag
ingly about the order In that part of the State. He
| announces that the prospects for instituting coun
[ ells in Merced, Fresno and Modesto are of the best.
He will return on the 28th. Alexander Hamilton
Council had a gala night last Thursday when it
was visited by Abraham Lincoln Council of this
City and Paul Revere Council of Berkeley. A team
from the last named council Initiated several
members for Alexander Hamilton council and
did the work In a manner that astonished the
members of the other visiting council who have
always set up the claim that none could surpass
their work. Tbe team from the Berkeley Council
is rapidly advancing to the front in ritualistic
work.
There will be a district meeting in the hall of
Monroe Council, Alameda, to-night, and one of the
features will be the attendance of the members of
the uniform rank.
The Supreme Commandery of the Junior Order
of American Mechanics will soon meet in Denver,
Colo. D. S. Stanley will represent California at
that meeting. - ■ . . :
• The members of the Martha Washington Coun
cil, Daughters of Liberty, will give an entertain
ment in Rea Men's Hall to-night.
Woodmen of the "World.
Of the 308 campß fifty-four are In active opera
tion in the State of California.
Golden Gate Camp initiated eight members last
meeting, making their membership close to the
400 mark.
Redwood Camp has been very, active recently,
having had a smoker" and general increase meet
ing March 26, a largely attended entertainment on
April 11, and It now talks of a picnic early in May.
Mission Camp is gradually forging ahead and
though somewhat removed from the other camps
It is gaining every day.
" Western Addition Camp No. 306 was duly Insti
tuted last Monday evening by Depnty Head Con
sul M. 8. oe Roso. The "baby" camp starts off
with forty-two applications and more In sight.
Twenty-six were Initiated Monday evening and
from the enthusiasm of the new members it would
seem the "baby" certainly has the requisite mater
ial tor a successful life. ■-.■*.
■■W. A. Peabody, State organizer for Southern
and Central California, visited the City on Mon
day and was present at Franklin Hall, Fillmore
street, during the institution of No. 306.
The union ilcnlc'to.be given by the Woodmen
In San Loreuzo : Grove on the 9th of May Is excit
ing a Kood deal of attention. . The San Leandro
and Haywards . electric line has for that day re
duced the fare one-half. There will , be a tug-of
war, races, hammer-throwing,- putting . the shot,
.and a wood-chopping contest. -. Spruce; Camp of
Alameda has '• been challenged to a tug-6f-war by
Cypress Camp of Haywards. The committee of
arrangements will not permit the use of < liquor on
the grounds. .- . . - - .*■
Royal Arcanum.
Assessment No. 227 will be due May 1, and the
last day for payment is May 31. , . *•-
Regent Whitney of, Argonaut Council was the
guest of Sunset Council of .Los Angeles last Mon
day evening aud rendered the address or the even
ing at .'the. social "entertainment given, by that
council. Mr. Whitney Is; visiting the other coun
cils |In the State with a view to engaging their co
operation In the grand council jurisdiction plan,
by which it is expected the order will achieve a
further extension in California.
The new San Francisco council Is reported as
gaining ground every day and the time of its in- I
stitution is not far away - •'■' - ''■■- .•■'"".'■'* -7*' !
The Oakland council will receive the personal
attention of the district deputy soon and encourag
ing reports may be loosed for from that point. ' i '
The approximate membership on the Hist of last
March, as appears from the official report of the
supreme secretary. W. O. Kobsou, was 179,606. s ■
■ I :V3 National Union. -
Assessments No. 6 and 7 have been levied and
become delinquent on the 10th of May.
Golden Gate Council will give a smoker in Red
Men's Hall to-morrow night for the purpose of In
creasing its membership. For this occasion the
initiation has been reduced to ?2. There will be
sense, nonsense, music and song.
Deputy .Wells ha<i located his headquarters In
the spreckies Building and will there impart In
formation about the order. *■
Last Friday El Dorado Council received a number
of applications, five candidates were initiated, and
a committee was appointed to make arrangements
for a smoker. ,
Sons of St. George.
San Francisco and Alameda County lodges will
Join forces and hold a grand picnic at Sunset Park
in the Santa Cruz Mountains on the 80th inst.
| This will give the lodges of san Jose and Los Gaios
; an opportunity to join In the festivities.
The City lodges combined with the Daughters Of
St. George and celebrated St. George's day at 317.
Mason street by a ball and musical and literary
entertainment, which was well attended and a
pleasant time was had.
Albion Lodge of Oakland honored St. George's
day by marching in a body from their lodge-room,
corner of. Thirteenth and Broadway, to the Mar
ket-street Congregational Church, where a special
sermon was preached by Rev. Dr. Chapman on 1
fraternal order in general and the Order of the
Sons of St. George in particular. It was an Inter
esting sermon that was full of good suggestions.
American Legion of Honor. 7
Grand Commander Fllben announces the follow
ing visitations: Washington and Midwinter Coun
cils, April 28: Metropolis and Mystic Councils,
May 2; Golden Star Council, May 7, and Myrtle
Council, May 13.
OLD-TIME CONTEIBUTOES.
Pay Received by '..Writers in English
Newspapers.
Coleridge took at times an exaggerated
view of his services to the Morning Chron
icle. His surprising statement that Stuart
in 1800 offered him £2000 a year if he would
devote himself to journalism, that he de
clined on the ground that he would not
give up "the reading of old folios" for
twenty times £2000, and that he considered
any pay beyond £350 as a real evil, is ob
viously impossible. Stuart probably tried
to spur his indolent contributor by saying
that his services would be worth some such
sum if they could be made regular. But
the statement is only worth notice here in
illustration of the state of the literary mar
ket at the lime. Southey acknowledges
his gratitude for the guinea a week which
he received as Stuart's "laureate."
Poetry, by the way, appears to have
been more in demand '.hen than at the
present day.. Both Perry and Stu?rt's
elder brother ' offered to employ Burns,
and Coleridge, Southey, Campbell and
Moore all published poems in the news
papers. Lamb tried his hand at "jokes."
"Sixpence a joke," he says, "and it was
thought pretty high, too, was Dan Stuart's
settled remuneration in these cases," he
says (Newspapers Thirty-live Years Ago),
and no paragraph was to exceed seven
lines. In a letter of 1803 Lamb says that
he has given up his "two guineas a ween"
from the Post. .. 3 : .
The high-water, mark of a journalist's
earnings at the end of the last century is
probably marked by the achievement of
Mackintosh,* who earned 10 guineas in a
w°ek. "No paper could stand it!" ex
claimed the proprietor, and the bargain
had to be revised. A few years later, how
ever, we are told that Sterling, the father
of Carlyle' friend, was receiving the sum
which Coleridge supposed himself to have
refused, namely, £2« 00 a year for writing
leading articles in the Times. Stuart, jit
would seem, in the earlier period, was
paying the fair value of their wares to Col
eridge, Sou they and their like, but in the
days of Scott and Byron the price of popu
lar writing was going up by leaps and
bounds. — National Review. -7 ;,-i
I Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for tht
days; thou- underneath it, If any, the amount ol
rainfall, of melted stow in Inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. • Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; Isj
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and' is usually preceded
and accompanied by Bloody weather and rams.
"Lows" usually- first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure Is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extent
north and south along th" coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "1.,w" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in die vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California const, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and coder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result. / *
.;.'• •:?-!+-'. :~7f [::_•■■■.-. - - :'.y;-.[--.-7. - : -■.',
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT. .*%
United States Department of Aoßic*ctr
TURK, WKATHKR BUKEAU, . SAN \ FRANCISCO,
April 26. 1896, 6 p. it.— Weather conditions and
general forecast: 33 1.' 3 *
The following arc tne . seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with .hose of ihe same da c last sea.
son: Eureka 44.69, last season 40.41: Red Bluff
20.17, last season 27.90; San Francisco 20.44. last
season 24.35; Fresno 8.16, last season 13.23; San
Luis Obispo 17.62, last season 24.97: Los Angeles
9.06, last season 16.62: San Diego 5.90, last season
11.98: Yuma .PS, last season 3.01. '
The following maximum ' -,emp -ratures are re
ported from stations in California during the put
twenty-four hours: . Eureka — Red Bluff 52,
San Francisco 56, Fresno 6-. San Luis Obispo 60,
Los Angeles 66, San Diego 66, Yuma 82. '
*'*' San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 56,
minimum 44, mean 60. '" ' .
The ; following ra nfalls ' are rep jrted from sta
tions in California during the past twenty-four
hours: Eureka .22 of an inch, San Francisco. i 3,'
Fresno .13. San Luis Obispo .22, Los Angeles .05,
Red Bluff .18, San Diego .04.
The pressure Is highest this evening on the
northern California coast, from which section it
diminishes eastward to the border of the weather
map 1 Occasional showers have occurred to-day In
various portions of California, ex: ending south
ward throughout Souther i California. Ihe condi
tions i are slowly Improving, although occasional
showers , will occur to-night in .Northern Cali
fornia. *..■■*■ 7 _*,'
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. April 27. 1896: .
Northern California— Generally, fair Monday;
somewhat warmer in the interior of the north por
tion; fresh westerly winds.  -
Southern California Fair Monday; slightly
warmer; fresh westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday: slightly warmer in the
extreme north portion.
Utah— Occasional showers to-night and Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday. '
j San Francisco and vicinity— Generally fair Mon
day; brisk westerly winds. :
•'. W. H. llammon, Forecast Official.
.- : « — « — ;. ." ,
V- Elnathan Corringtou Gavitt, who died
the other day in Toledo, Ohio, at the | age
of 88 years, was. a noted = pioneer of
Methodism in Ohio and . the author of
•.'Crumbs From ;-' My * Saddlebag," : a . book
that had a wide popularity some years ago.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL • V '.••*.'
John Sparks, Reno J W Kline, Philadelphia
Jno Bannatyre, Ashland Mrs Bannat^re, Ashland
IT Baessler, Berlin D Balrd, St Louis '
S\\ 13 Johnson, Chicago J L earner <fe w, Pittsbrg
G W Hobson A w, Ohio M Falk, Hamburg
DrH Falk, Hamburg Mrs M C Parker, Mass
Mrs C R Bancroft, Mass G P Tangerman, N* V
D McLaren &w, Ohio J R Adams, Chicago
*■ 11 Davis & w, NY (J E Dim ock & w, N V
E Mclntyre & w, Dayton J T Anyon, N V
Prescott Ely. Esperanza J B Looper, Fsperanza
H Cohen &w, NY ; E Nfcbodemus &w, Ore
D M Addison, U SN S M Nicholson, Prvidnce
Mrs B <; Black. Pittsbrg M H S Jackson, I'hila
11 II Pitcher, Livermore C S Leadbetter, Stockton
\V _ Pierce. Stanford C Heine, Stanford*
O V Eaton, Stanford A Mora A w, N V
M B Menaham «fe w, IS VH M Holmes, Mass
R Edgan &w, Berkeley C S Pope, Stanford
Ira C Boss, Berkeley J W Ca:hcart, Stanford
C P Bogg. U S N
GRAND HOTEL.
L L Smith, Folsom H Booth, Santa Barbara
J S Bagley & w. Cal W B Nutter, Stockton .
H R McNoble, Stockton G E Catts, .-Stockton
E c S:elnmetz. Tracy J X Prewett, Auburn
Dr J W Hall, Mo J E Hall, Santa Rosa
Mrs J. H Camp, NY Blanche E Tripp, 1) C
11 A Kern, Easton Mr Park, Jac-ttn
M T Hubbard, Cal E Dinkelsplei, Suisun
Dr C \v* Nuttin*;.fc_c,Cal Mrs s Ilurtman, Merced
Miss J Hart man, Merced Mrs J W. Honey, Cal
Mrs L M Jones, Cal Mrs T D Felt, Eureka
Mrs X Sweasy. Eureka J W Franks, N V
BF Thompson, Cal c F.Browne, Stanford
H P Beckley, Stanford C A Uaight, Alameda
J S Mills, Stockton F W Axe, Eureka
E J Baker, Cal L Engel, Cal
W H mge.s, Fresno L Heringhy <fe w, Cal
It T Taylor, Napa J Bagger, San Andreas
W Johnston, Courtland H Brush, Santa Rosa
X J l-igg<_ w.Sacto H C Veatch, Santa Crux
W Jordan, Boston J E James, Chicago
LICK HOUSE.
W L Hinchman, NJ. . EC Brice, D C
D Mendelsohn, Cala. W'm Longmore.Staßrosa.
JnoH F Savibe. Cala, Chus J Evans, Oakland.
E A Cameron, CiUa. James W.Cochrane, Cala.
lly Harrison, Cala. \v J StUlman, Cala.
J J Mem.nan, San Rafl C F, McAlllster.San R-fL
A E Dument, Mexico. J F Bryant. 1 ulare.
Mrs D Tims, New York. H C Carter & wt. N" Y.
Justin Jacobs, N Y. A T Hastings, Merced.
E Porter, Bradley. N I Baldwin, Woodbdge.
Geo P Crane, Madera. , J T Carr & wf, San Jose.
P B Oram <_ wf, San Jose.Geo Stetson, Monterey.
A Moore & wf, Sacrmnto.G P Knopf. Monterey.
G _ VanDyke, Madera. Oscar Ben:lv, Chicago.
P T Allen & wf, M Y. Peter James. Colfax.
1 C Bryan «fe w, St llelna.Miss Pearl Bryan. StHel.
O V smith ife wf, Merced. G W Hewett.'Farington.
E H Coiter & wf. Ore. Geo C * Porter, Ore.
o Emerson <fc wi, Muss. John Conway, Cala.
C B Watson J. wf, Ore.
BALDWIN HOTEL
F P Tuttle, Auburn W C Sawyer, Belmont
E W.Allen, Oakland J Smith, Oakland
T C Hocking, Mode.to J F Terrls, Los Angeles
B P Arnold, Berkeley E W Sweeney, N V
J 11 Ferguson, Mich J A Ferguson, Mich
W Bchnlis, Mich T F Bi<ks, Eureka
M P Morn, Stockton J A Fenger, Petaluma
L Bober, Philadelphia F tomato k, St Louis
P New-mark, L Angeles T Hopper Aw, S Bosa
J B Lowe ll, >V B Burke, Chicago
J Smith, san Jose _ Hunter, Vallejo
II P Goldstein Aw, C T Blecker, NY.
G Spinney, NY H thorn, Fresno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Peter Sachs, Ogden M Madden, Knoxvllle
J H Christeuson, Byron G W Alien, Byron
J .1 Howard, Loo Ang H Howard,' Vallejo
Van de Cornel c, Martins F Barnete, Augusta
G r-> Atwood A w.Los Ang J E Berglhold, Fresno
B P Johnson, Petaluma WE Daus, Stockton
R B Curry, Cevrs W Carver, Ocheyedaa
W Shaw, south Bend
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April, 1806.
Fr.
»a.
7^ Last Quarti
April
7
11
a>i New Moon
%£) April i
12
H
17
/^ t\ Firs'. Qua:
\JJ April
19 20 21
•26" 27 -I 28
I 22
i 29
23
'iA Full Moon
\SJ April a
t.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
BTKAMKR
[DESTINATION.
SAILS.
| PIER.
fc»nt* Kou. ' --an Dleeo
furs. .on ; \ (inuln* Bay..
P0m0na...., ' Ktimboldtßav |
Australia : Honolulu :
I Queen Portland !
j San Jose.... Panama ■
V. Pan i i >e-*cor; :
GmatUia. ... V'lc & Pet sn.i
HunoL..'. Grays Harbor. :
D«-i .Nurte .. HarDor
Ara^0.:..... i no» mr i
■ Weeott..... ; Eel Kiver.....
■ Marinosa;... Sydney >
Ktnpire..;... I'orUana j
Corona. | Mn Diego
San .limn.... Cen America..
Arcaca OrcKcn ports..
| State of cai I I'ortiana
: i.nreit» . .. Nfwnon „„ i
j Orizaba i Mexico
! Apr 27.11 am ! Pi«r U
Apr 27, 9am Pier 2
I Apr 27. !lrw Pier 9
' pr 2H. 10a m Oceanic
Apr '2B,loam Pier 24
Apr 24,12 M P M 88
Apr 29. Sam Pier li
Apr 29. 9 a )i Pier 9
Apr 29. 12 m Pier '1
Apr' 29. 6pm
i Apr 29. 10a ii Pier 13
Apr 29. 9* m : Pier 13
Apr SO, 2pm Oceanic
Apr 30, 6rji Pier 13
May 1.11 am Pier 11
May 1,12 m P M S 3
May 2.10 am Pier 13
May 3.10 am Pier ii
May 3. ham Pier 11
My.- 3.10 am Pier 11
hTi-AMERS TO ARRIVE.
' .', - Steam eb |
n oIT7. I
Del None
Arauo ;
Crrtcaut City...
St Paul !
Mackinaw ,
Orlzah*.. !
C0r0na..;.......
Kmplre
Hcm«r
«:itvi>r PneDi». ;
►l«t«« of C«: '
Wu.ih'enaw
C-leone !
Arcatfi j
KiWKa -.. :
Colon
Alice ßlancnard j
J^bric. !
»nl« Ko«l
JFarailon .......
Grays Harbor I ..Apr 27
Grays Harodr .•..;..-...... ! ..Apr 27
loos Bar Apr 27
Crescent city.. I. .Apr 27
! Newport. ..' '...... ..Apr 27
. 1 s»rom* Apr 27
Mexico '..Apr 28
Sun JJtego .....". ..Apr 19
Portland..; : Apr 29
t;oo* mat .Aprils
; Victoria & Puce: souui ..Apr 30
Portland ..'.... j . Aor 30
Tacoma Apr 30
Crescent City.....;.....-. ..Apr 30
! Portland May 1
j Newport ... .May 1
Panama..'..... ........... May 2
j P0rt1and.......'...'. .;.... ..May '1
China and Japan May 2
Han Clew- '.May 3
Yaanina iJiw. ........... May 3
Portland < May 6
'BOM
| DUU
Qn*rt!n. ...I
SUN, •.. MOON AND HUE.
V. S. COAST and OKPtIKTtr; Survey Tine")
• BIT~_KTIN PUBLISHED BY OFFICIAL V
- AUTHORITY OF THK SUPERINTENDENT. )
Monday, April 27.
Sunrl9«>8 5. 16: Moon rises 0.00pm
Hun scis (?.59jMoou sots
April-1800.
4
Tlmo
n wi
Keet Tlnifl
1 1 . w
Tlmn
H V\
m
30
4.85
t 5.24
• 5.13
' II \V
i 0.00 j
,0.38
j 0.1 11.19 4.9
'— 0.4:12.20' 4.8'
-0.7 Lai 4.3
i Feet ; L W Feet t
I 5.6 ! 7.0 1 -' -1.0 ■
B.6 7.54 —1.0
i
5.5 8.48 —0.9
I 5.2 9.44—0.81
! 4361 0.8
i 5.181 1.-'
; 5.58i 1.8
til W Feet,
• 2.24 3.8
3.31 3.6!
4.39 S.5
I 5.42, 3d
10.42 5.6
11.19 ....
...... j Feet
L, W VJ.-J
42 i'.9
7.30 4.9
8.32 1 2.9
9.50! 3.1
■ MS
2.14 !
:* J NOTE— In the above exposition* of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
qrderof occurrence a? to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or rich:
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are hot three tides, as- so"me times
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States - Coast Survey
charts, except when a minos sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given la subtractlve
from the depth given by 'he charts
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
..'■ J . - ; , SUNDAY. April 20.
• Btuir. Mineola, Pillsbury 96 hours from Comox:
3100 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
.' Stmr Farallon. Roberts, 45. hours from Yaqulna
Bay via Coos Bay; pass ana mdse, to Meyer &
Akmatin.
'Stmr 'Pomona, Doran, 17 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Good all, Perkins A Co. :
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 10 hours from Moss Land
ing and way ports: produce., to Goodall, Perkins &
Co.:
.:Br:stmr Progressist, Pinkham, 3. days from
Departure Bay: '""SO tons coal to 8 P Co. -
.: Stmr Noyo. Levlnson. 15 hours from Fort Bragg;
pass and muse, to J s Kimball. . . _.
'Stmr Weeott, Whitney, 21 hours from Eel
River: pass and mdse, to Buss, Sanders A Co. :
-Br ship Ditton. Stap, 125 days from Swansea;
3600 tons coal. 500 tons coke. 260 tons brick, to
F. Lloyd Jones.
; Brig Limine, Miller. 15 days from Kahulut
-9345 bags sugar, 83 bdls hides and 3 bdis sheep
skins, to Allen A Lewis. ..:..;<■
.Schr Muriel, Carlsen, 15 days from Honoipu •
14,238 bags sugar, to Williams, Dlmond A Co.
■ Schr Etta B, Madsen. 12 hours from Fort Ross
-40 hxs butter, to Ross & Hewlett.
Schr Nettle Low. .Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes; 45 bxs butter, to J H Kewbauer A Co.
;.;•.'■■ * Sailed. ■
*a, '  SUNDAY. April 25.
, Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson. ■■'>■-.
; Stmr George Loomls. Brligett, Ventura.
Stmr President, Nelson, Bristol Bay.
Haw bark Santiago, Johnson. Hilo.
* Bktn Gleaner, Sprague, Fort Blakeley.
* Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel. -
; Schr Fortuna, Roslch. Eureka.
' Schr Marion, Smith. *
. Schr Bobolink. Nelson. .■.-*-'-• . '-"•*• -':-' "•
- ?- C r prosper. Schroeder, Thin Point. : : -
r Schr Mary Dodge, Hansen. Kahului.
schr Hera, Anderson, codrlshlng.
:■■'.-'.. ■,;."•/ Telecraphic".
v I*OINT LOBOS. Anrll 26-10 p. it-Weath.r
clear: wind S; velocity 4 miles. .^-Weather
'ii '■ 77' .' Spoken, '
Llve?poo 2 rforPortland ßrßhiP AUBtralU ' from
■*■;■ "i Domestic Ports. :
1 ' - Apr ™-*<™ &*»% *>r
Apr 26?" ArriVed Apr --»"«»>- Newsboy, hence
! GKEENWOOD-Salled Apr 26— Stmr Whites
boro. :or San KranclsCO. * • - *
FOP.T BRAGG— Arrived Apr 26— Stmr Rival,
hence Apr 25. . „ ... .
SEATTLE— SaiIed Apr 25 — Bark RufusE Wood,
for San Francisco. • ....
BEDONDO— Arrived Apr 26— stmr Alcatraz, fm
Cleone. • - . j ■*** . ,
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Apr 26 — Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka.
Foreign Ports.
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Arrived Apr
19— StmrKahulul, hence Apr 6.
Movements of Tram- Atlni.tlo Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 26— S'mrs Mans
darn, from Rotterdam and Boulogne: La Bre
tacne. * from Havre: Palatia, from Hamburg;
Zaandam, from Amsterdam.
Sailed— Stmr Anchoria, lor Glasgow.
HAVRE- Arrived out April 2d — Stmr La Tou
ralpe. • ••:--*•."-:'.'-- t: : r- ■.-.-•..>*•' -■
• SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Apr 2C— Stmr
Saale. » *.
QUEENSTOWN-Salled Apr 26— Stmr Lucanla,
for New York.
DOVER— Passed Apr 26— Stmr Prussia, from
New York tor Hamburg.
. Importations.
• COOS BAY— Per Farallon— 286 sks potatoes. 1
roll leather. .
Eureka— lo pkgs boots and shoes, Ics photo gds,
1 cs ita lonerv, 1 lot old iron.
Yaqulna Bay -6546 sks wheat, 1 88 sks potatoes.
436 sks oats, 100 lit sks BBS- qr sks dour, 34 ship
knees, 31 M ft lumber, 46 c* eggs, 35 stavebolts.
103 sks baric, 5 coops chickens. 1 bdl dry hides. 4
cs liquor. 1 keg gin, 6 bbls beer, 1 bx b balls. 64 sks
oysters, 4 propellers, 1 anchor, i cs empty bottles.
FOBT BRAGG— Per Novo— 4s bdls green hides,
4 bdls sheepskins. 1 bdl sunlries, 2 cs dry goods. 1
bx lumber, 2 sks faucets, 1 pkg clothing, 206,034
ft lumber, 2550 posts, t'sß railroad ties.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— loo M shakos. 2 kegs
227 bxs butter. 1 chest tools, 120 M shingles, 1 rs
notions. 3 bbls mm water, 5 sks beans, 1 cs clams,
Ics ary goods, 1 bx cucumbers. 21 sks peas, Ics
hardware, 2 horses, 10 pkgs express. 2 sks coin, 1
bbl whisky, 1 hr cs eggs, 83 M it lumber. 1 bx In
sulators, 1 cs books, 1 cs shoes, 68 doors, Ics
cloth.
Junction— 4ll sks potatoes. 9 sks beans.
Spiingville— l6 bxs apples, 7cs •*> bbls elder,
PORT KENYON-Per Weeott— 2s6% bxs but
ter, 250 sks potatoes, 2 kegs 12 bbls tallow. 100 bis
excelsior. 2 kegs butter mchy, 1 cs dry goods, 1 cs
boots and shoes, 1 cs mdse, 1 bdl dry hides, 9 sks
13 bdlsgreen hides, 64 dressed calves. 28 sks pota
toes.
Shelter Cove— l dog.
SANTA CRUZ-18 cs cheese, 6 bis 15 rolls
leather, 600 bbls lime.
Pigeon Point— 34 his 26 cs cheese.
Moss Lauding— l bx butter.
Consignees.
Per Gipsy— Herman Joost ; Norton, Teller A Co;
Hammond A Brod ; Brigham, Hoppe A Co: Kron
Tanning Co: Dairymen's Union; Get*. Bros A Co;
H Cowell A Co; Wheaton, Breon A Co: Tillmann A
Bendel •.-«*: .*—. :• ;-
Per Weeott— Buss, Sanders & Co: FB Halght;
Ross & Hewlett: Wltzel * Baker; Schweitzer & Co:
W B Sumner A Co: W C Price A Co; S Solomon: C
li Meyer A Bros: ilulse, Bradford A Co; J McDer
mott: SH Frank A Co: Wheaton, Breon A Co; W
A Johnson; Standard Oil Co: Dodge, Sweeney A Co;
OB Smith A Co; Wolf A Son: Baker A Hamilton;
Kowalsky A Co; W B Sumner A Co; G de Lucca;
A L Bryan Shoe Co. . ■"- • *• .•-.: is*
Per Farallon— Moore, Ferguson A Co; S Loomls:
Russ, Sanders A Co; J P Thomas; C J Lelst A Co;
San Francisco Furniture Co; Smith's Cash Store:
Geo Morrow A Co: W C Price A Co: Phillips Bros;
Payot, t'pham A Co; Allen A Lewis; Oscar Foss:
Morgan Oyster Co; Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Meyer A
Akinann; Fredericksburg Brewery; J C Bauer A
Co: Thomas Loughran: Humboldt Mm Water Co;
Chas Jacobson; Chas Harley A Co: F II Hammer:
Phillips. wolf ACo; Clabrough. Golcher ACo; T
Taylor A Co; Allen A Lewis; W J Adams; George
Kersch.
I'er Pomona— Brlgbam, noppe A Co; A Fay: C S
Burns; Dodge, Sweeney & Co; Dairymen's Union:
Felling, Crussy & Co; Gray & Mitchell: Humboldt
Mm Water Co; Haas Bros: LG Sresovlch <fe Co; C
B Bode: Marshall, Teggart & Co; M Kalish & Co:
Standard Oil Co: C E Whitney & Co; Meyer Bros:
W W Montague & Co: Wells. Fargo & Co:, s-scott. «fc
Van Arsdale; San Francisco Business College: B L
Elliott: C E Whltnev <5t Co: Get Bros & Co: Car
roll & Carroll; Norton. Teller & Co: Wolf A Son;
WF Mitchell; Wheaton, Breon &Co; I'ac Coast
Milling Co: O B Smith ACo: Bills Bros: California
Toy Co: F B Halght: Meyer Bros; M Crocker: The
George Shoe Co; Braunschwelcer ACo: T Bicks;
H I* Gregory. -
. OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, 8. -C, and
PUGET SOUND.
Api _•*_-•■_ cri_*__-*G» $8.00
Second Class JiSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO..
(.*»"f rftl * -.••l-t.
O. _FjL. _cS3 .EST.
ASTORIA AND__PORTLANH
$2.50 Second Class. $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Colombia sails April 18 and 23
State of California sails April .3 and May 23
From Sptar-st. Wharf (Pier M) at 10 a. K.
tUODALL, PERKINS, <fc CO.. Genl. Supts.
•.-,*..* > F. F. CONNOR, General Agent,
630 Marie street
rMITrTC COAST STEAfISUIP COMFIT
STEAMER**- WILL -AIL FROM _*j>
O Broadway wharf, Han Francisco, as ■^** c r,
follows: ■ • •'■', ■'.
For Mary Island, Lorlns;. Wrangel. Junsau, K.U-
iisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at a a. _ April 14.
29, May 1«. 29.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Fort Town-
send, Seattle, Taconia, Everett, A nacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
April 4. 9. 14, 19, 24, 29. and every fifth
day * thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
ihe C. V. H. P.., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with U. N. By., at, Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
. For Eureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
Coldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., April 3. 7, 11,
15. 19. 2.;. 27. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey,' San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Ga viola, Santa
Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. it.. April
'. f>.P. 13, 17, 21,25, --'9 and every fourth day
thereafter. . . ■.-.- ■■*-. v., ■ •< r .  - ■
For San Dleao, stopping only at Port Harfori
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport**, 11
a. *_.. April S, 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27. and
every fourth day thereafter. - *
For Knsenadn, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
raz.' Altata and Quaymas (Mexico), s;r. Orizaba,
10 a. it., May ..: str. i oos Bay, lit a. it., May 10.
TicKet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
; GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Genl Agent*.
10 Market su San Francisco.
IOMPAGSIE GENERAL TRAJSATLAJTIQUB
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH J%jn
' River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by _«^»
this line avoid both transit oy English railway and
ihe discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Yorn to Alexandria, Egypt, via Pan*
first-class "MHO; second-class, $116.
LA NORMANDIE, Capt-Deloncle.,
LA GAScbGNEVcapt. Baudeio'n..;^. B .*. 2 .. 4 .** *'
la BKOTA_J^i"'-i^"_i^;;„f^T.* *!^ *
LA TOURAINE," j^pU'SanteULr:;-?*;:** .*.** *
• *..-..•....'.....,"...;............. .AfAy 2*' Ba. a
•3" For further particulars apply to" i "
w- „„, A. FORGE Agent,
r v KTTr: i7i *S?. li »>*s Green, New York.
..:v J enue.^n G prln,fsc^. - Agents. 5 Montgom^y
OCEANIC S.S. CO. _f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, JU_ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND) Wfl B y
AUSTRALIA. %# S.S. AUSTRALIA.
AnrifVs^f AIilA l or HONOLULU only, Tu "v
April s 8 ' 1 . 1 5. .;^ ' Special party rates. '
ATTr,^r ?l_V*i*' sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, April 30 -
LIneioCOOLGARDIE. Aust.. and CAPETOWN
a Air. J. D SPRECKfcLS & BROS. WX. Asts.
Freight Office.^27 Market jt^g^g 9t -
ROYAL MAIL STEAMJACRET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL _?>*»_
fortnightly for the West Indies and <*-_£_l
Southampton, calling en route at Oerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers
-Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacirlc Mall 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treaa-
WW to direct ports In England and Germany.
Throuph tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
_K_L b *sE3f , SS ut^* m P ton First class, *195: thirl
«-M, »»7 ML For further particulars apply to
VARROTT A CO., Agents,
306 California «fc
VALLEJO, MARE ISL ISD, *I,Em'lA, PORT
COSTA All) CROCKETT.
n..w - STR. MONTIOKLtO.
«„?!' A'= Cept S c ? turda r and Sunday- 10:30 A. _.
and 4 p. _. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. it., 3:30 r.u;
•4i;.M.oniy; Sunday— 8 p. .
•4 P. M. only.
t-nding, Misslou 1. Pier 3.
STOCKTOiV STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 8. Washington St.
At 6 P. M, Dally, Except Sunday,
8S" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
''-77: '"■'■ ; ST_A_{_R<: .
talker. J. _». Peter*. .
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Xele-hofltM-ll* ffUL Q»k_j_y_ Ibiiii____.
RAILROAD TRAVEL: /■■__.■
BIG REDUCTION 111 RATES BY RAIL
....TO. ...
FORTZj -^jKT-D. <_>_R..
iSn__-S2_^3oK3ra&
TUESDAY .'. APRIL 28,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8 p. m.
AT A fl— including Berth in Pullman Tour.
«0 U U Sleeper. .•"-,. •* ''..-*
w ....ALSO....
' First-class tickets, including berth in <&*in.oo
Pullman Standard Sleeper. tiDJLV—
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
*_*»- Through Tickets for Puget Sound
point* on Sale at Reduced Kates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco. '
RICHARD KAY. T.H.GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTH KltX I-A4IFK: CO k* A* _ .
(pacific STEM.)
Trains .e»vc "'
leave • - Fnojt_MAr.cn 28. 1806. — ai-;:i\--
~7:»Oa Atlantic Express; Ogden and jKast^. 8: 1.1,
7:00 a 15enici_. Vacavil'e l.uir.sey. Sacra-
mento. and Bedding via Davis. . . . 'US****
7:OOa Martinez. San K.rnon. Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa.. *».l*ip
S.ttOANIUs, San Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, .Marysville. Red Bluff
and Sundays excepted Oroville. . . . * «••>'
»8:30 a Peters and Milton. ■••■'• ~:13p
9:«m»a Los Angeles Express. Fresno. Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles .„ «2 P
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton „ 'Vi*i
»:OOa Vallejo •- 2*ls'
l:OOp mica, San Jose and livermore .„„'„*"-
-•1:00p Sacramento River Steamers !!J'2!*! P
Jl:3op Port Costa and Way 5Uti0n5........ *7:*ar
4:OOp Martinez, Sau ltanion. Vallejo,
Napa, Caliatoga, El Verano and
Santa Rosa •...•• »'»*
4:OOp Benicia, Esparto, Woodland
Knights Lauding, Marrsviile
Oroville and Sacraniento - -Ox_»A
4t3opNilcs, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7,ls *
4:30p Merced. Bcrenda, Raymond (for . _ '■_■:
Yosemite) and Fresno XH-ttA,
StOOp New Orleans Kxprcss.Fresuo.Bakers-
field, Santa Barbara, Los Angeles.
Dealing, El Paso, New Orleans and
East lOiIBa
SiOOp Santa Fo Route. Atlantic Express '■<■■■■<
forMojava and East IO:I3a
BsOOp VaUejo. "'JUJa
6:0»p European Mall, Ogden and East.... 9:43 a
C:OOi- Haywards, Nilt-saiid Sau Jose 7:43 a
17iOOp Vallejo f7:45p
7:00 Oregon Express, Sacraniento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, Puget
Sound and East Joi43a
«T10:03p "Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los
Ange'es, El Paso, New Orleans
and Eart 112:43p
SANTA (Jill'/ .UVIMQ.-v (Xarrow Uauge).
— 17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way SUtions JB:o3p
»: 13 A Newark. Centi-rville.Sau Jose. Fclton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way*
SUtions..... Bs__r
•S:l3p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
.' ;" SUtions MI.-Oa
4tl3p Newark. San Jose and Los tlatos.... »:3Qa
COAST OiVISION (Third X Townseml Sts.)
»:43a Han Jose and Way Stations (New ~~~~
Almaden Wednesdays only) li43p
BiiriAS-.il Jose, Tres l'i no*. Bant* Cruz,
Pacillc Grove. Paso Robles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
- "-'-.7. cipal Way Statious 7r»»p
IO:40a San Jose and Way SUtions 1111 l
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations . 3:30p
•*:3«»p San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pinos, £ ta
Cruz, Sallnas.Monterey and Pacffic
Grove --10:40 a
•3-.:»op San Jose and Principal Way Stations -:47a
•4:30p San Jose and Way SUtions *8:06\
3:3'lp San Jose and Way Stations... 'sitSA
o:3»i> San Jose and Way Stations. .". C:*!3.i
f11:45p San Jose and Way Stations t7:43p
" SAX LKAM-itO AND UaIWAUOn LOCAL.
'•«:OOa*' ( 7:1 3 A
K.Olia ty.-I.V".
«:OOa Morose, Seminary Park, IO: 13 A
io OOa Mflrose. Seminarj Park, iiHSa
"SiSop San Leandr* »ff|g;
3:0«p I -__ 4:4.' iP
4:00p f 5::.*5P
5:0«p Havwards. 6:13?
3:»Op Maywaras. h . ,_, 3p
7:<>Op *>t:43P
8:00p ._ _. .'. „_ 9:45P
«:00p * Runs through to Niles. i0.30p
' 1 1 : 1 ■*> P J 'FromNilec. iftl2:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fromS-H FRISCISCO— of M.rket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00*._. {1:03 *C:CO 13:03
•4:00 +5:00 «6:oop.*_.
Fro- 0-ILi3l>— Foot of Broadway.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. $12.00 *1:00 «:00 *3:00 tI:C3
'5:00f.M. , . ■ ;■■- .■■
I A for Morning.. p for Afternoon. .
• Sundays excepted. * Saturdays only.
v - •"-Sundays only. • *[f Tuesdays only. *.- -
ft Monday, Thursday and F-.turf'-iv nights only..
sin ~& mm n-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon "Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 *.• 12-.35
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 P. if. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:58
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNBAYS-7:SO, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3 ft
6:00, 6:20 p.m. -' -«.-•-«*
San Rafael to San l'nmrl«co.
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:10. 11:10 am-
-12:45, 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trios
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. p
SUNDAYS— 7:35, 9:;>C, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3«_
5:00, 6.25 p.m. ' w ' "* *"*
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park aama
schedule as above. 777
Leave In .—.., Arrive •
San Francisco. A "" 2 San Francisco.
S K gg r^SL. **~ | w«k
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 840 a_
3:30 pm 9:30 am Peteluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 m
i Fulton, |
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Tlealdsburg,
Geyserville, •** <tf *>'/"*'.-
-3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. | 7:30 pm 6:15 th
Pieta, I
7:30 am Hopland & 10:10 am
3:30 pm [ 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm, 6:15 pm
7:30 am | ~\ 110-10 am
,7:30 am GuernevUle. 7:30 m
3:30 pm! I , 1 6:15 pm
•7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6.05 pm 6:15 pm
| [ Glen Ellen. |
i : 2H AM AM ' Sebaatonol 110:40 AMI 10:10 am
3:30 pm [s :oo pm 1 '-'toPO'- [ 6:05 am ) 6:15 am
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; a. Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and __.keport- at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
1. kiah for Vichy .-urings, Saratoga Springs. Blue
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper l.a»ce, Porno, Potter
\ alley. John Day's, Lierleys, Bucknell's. Sanhed-
nn Heights, uravelly Valley, Booneville, Green-
wood. Orrs Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg, \V estport, Usal, Willets, Cahto. Covelo.
Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduoed
ratt s.
On Sunday, round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X.RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic ,I^^^
r_" * -P * j^*-? -^"^*^?^
Trains leave from and arrive V^^fp.f^^^^
at Market-Street Ferry. i 3 >l *'oUT£l
SANTA FE EXPKtoS'
To Chicago via A. & P- D'"" Lino
LeavM every day at 5 p. m-. carrying Pullman
_E£?Sle V e£?n "hd Tourist Bleepe« i to Cmcage
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and St. Louts. .__,.
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
' Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-cars,
i ander Harvey's management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 'c a. m. and 5 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East*.
New rails, new lies; no dust: Interesting sceneryi
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining-
car*.
°* t *" Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
■ '_ Chciuii.«*_» iiuiidiUJt. _
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sau*_lito Ferry).
From San Francisco, i *<imrn- n-lng March 29. 189 &
* ' WEEKDAYS. -
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:CO, *Boo
*9:15 10:15, 11:45, a. m.: »1:15, 3:*.0, 4:14,
6:16. *-:0t». -:35 p.m.
Extra trips lor San Rafael on Mondays, W«dat»
days and Saturdays at 11:30 P. m.
■_•'• SUNDAYS. ■ :-v.l. ':'■■:
■ Mi , 1 .* ,V . ley '- n<l ' s * n Kafael-*8:00, -»9:00,
*"* A; K -«** l - : »* ' i:a »- *2:15. *4:00;
5:30, 6:45, 8:30 p. m. _j.ua trip to Sausallto at
11 :00 a. M.
Trains marked * run to San Qnentln. ••la.M
p.m. does not run to Mill Valley.
i ._*--„ BOUGH TRAINS. '
_'^n ->''-'-az_dero and way station*.
_'s_! J. 2 un, J»"*»-Cazadero and way stations.
•8.00 a. m. Sundays-Point Reyes ana way station*FANNING AND DAVIE MEET
The Tourist-Attorney and the
Mayor Compare Their
Experiences.
PROTECTED BY HIS DOG.
Chief of Police Lloyd's Argument in
Favor of Granting Woman the
Right to Vote.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
808 Broadway. April 26. J
After nearly twenty years, during which
neither knew whether the other was dead
or alive, Mayor Davie and W. L. Fanning,
attorney for the Hotel Association, met
Friday night. Mr. Fanning is here as a
member of the hotel men's excursion.
Friday morning he read an article in a
newspaper about some one named J. L.
Davie fighting all kinds of alleged mu
nicipal *JOD3.
"Wonder if that's John L.?" mused
Fanning.
"Sullivan— where?" said a companion
from Texas, jumping from his seat.
"No, no; another John L.— a friend of
mine," said Fanning.
The same day Fanning came over to
this city and hunted up the Mayor. It
was nearly 5 o'clock and Mayor Davie was
in his office. The Mayor makes it his
boast that he attends to municipal busi
ness from 2t05 p. m. Fanning walked in.
He said something. So did Davie. Then
they shook hands and for the first time
during the administration the Hotel As
sociation attorney induced his Honor to
leave the City Hall three minutes before 5.
Then they took in some of San Francisco
and a little of -Oakland, and last night
Mayor Davie returned from San Jose
alone.
"Fanning is half an hour older than I
am," said John L. Davie to-day. "He was
born in the next room to where I was born
in a little house in Saratoga County, New
York State, over forty years ago. When
he was less than an hour old I was born,
and we grew up together till we were
young men. Then wo parted and heard
no more of each other till last Friday.
Fanning did better than I did. Although
he is a Democrat he declined an offer ot a
Police Judgeship worth $8000 a year
from Republican Mayor Strong of
New York. Now he has a most
lucrative practice. I am hurrying
myself to my grave for $3000 a year,
everybody who has a design against the
treasury they number thousands
wishes I was there now. I asked Fanning
what he would advise a man to do under
those circumstances. He replied, 'Stand
in,' and charged me a bottle of chamgagn6
. for his advice. Of course he spoke in fun,
but he drank the champagne in earnest.
: Chief of Police Lloyd is an ardent advo
cate of woman's suffrage. He is more
convinced to-day than he ever was that
the lords of creation should not have a
monopoly of the franchise. In fact it
would be safer in some instances he thinks
to trust with dogs rather than with men.
"You see that name Fred Gibson on the
docket," said the chief this afternoon.
"He is booked for drunk. He is in a cell
now stupid from drink. But he's safe as
far as harming himself is concerned, be
cause his intelligent dog is with him. Last
night Gibson came out of a saloon on
Upper Broadway so drunk that he lay
down in the gutter and went to sleep. He
was accompanied by his dog and when
the rain fell the brute tried to keep it off
his master. Several people went to see
what the matter was, but the attitude of
the dog did not encourage them to go too
close. The officer on the beat rang in for
the patrol wagon and it was a long job
getting the poor fellow into the patrol
wagon.
"The dog was furious for a time and
would not allow any one to approach his
master. Finally the animal became con
vinced that the officers would not harm
the man, so he permitted them to place
him in the patrol wagon. But the dog
jumped up, too, and stood guard til! the
City Hall was reached. Then there was a
little more trouble, but tbe animal was
tractable then and seemed to appreciate
the attention shown his helpless master.
The dog went into the cell, and is in there
certainly the most intelligent ani
mal of the two. If the ballot is safe in
the hands of men who trust their.lives to
dumb animals, I do not think we have
anything to fear from the women."
The merchants and landed proprietors
of this county have recently been consider
ing the best method of advertising this
district and laying the foundation for an
era of municipal improvements that will
have a tendency to build up and induce
people to come to this city. It would
seem that the grand opportunity is at
hand. There is now in this part of the
State the greatest body of advertisers that
can begot together— the visiting hotel men
from the East. They are here for pleas
ure, and, like all American business men,
there is always an eye open for information.
Unless something is done at once to induce
these tourists to put in one day in Oakland
they will return with the idea that the
second largest city in California exists
only in name. The information imparted
by a hotel man in the course of a year is
incredible. He is a standing advertise
ment, and the Merchants' Exchange and
the Board of Trade surely do not need to
be told of the nature of the information
that the excursionists would derive from a
drive through Oakland, around the State
University and across to Alameda.
: They could never foruet a city whose
electric service is considered the most
complete in the country. A glimpse of
the Piedmont hills, which will soon be
come thickly settled residence property,
and of the Oakland harbor would convey
an impression not easily lost to men with
eyes for business. At present, however, it
looks as if, when the hotel men return
home and are asked about Oakland, they
will be forced to remark, "Oh, yes, we saw
that place — from across the bay."
..- ■ 8 W. B.
To Elect an Editor.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 26. — Next
Thursday an election of the stockholders
of the .Egis company will be held to elect
a successor to Willis Ketchum, the ex
pelled editor. There are three candidates
for the position. They are H. A. Keeler,
Archie J. Cland and J. J. Rosborouerh.
All are seniors. • The former two are
"non-frats" and Rosborough is a member
of the Theta Chi fraternity. . 77
Planting Beets.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 26— A number
of farmers between here and Haywards
have planted beet seed as an experiment
to see if they can be raised here to such an
advantage as to warrant the establishment
of a sugar refinery at SanLeandro. Among
those who have planted seed are 1 I. H. Be
gi«r, M- F." Terra J. Stelter, E. H. Gram
mespacher and Mrs. Buckler. -'33
Tried to Kill Joe Monte.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 26.— Antone
Santos was brought to the County Jail to
night by Constable Quinlan for the at
tempted murder of Joe Monte near San
Leandro. The two men were quarreling in
a roadside house and Santos suddenly
drew his gun and shot at Monte. The bul
let passed through Monte's arm ana the
wound is not serious. The two men were
quarreling over a woman.
Tickets for Fabiola.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 26.— The com
mittee in charge of the Fabiola Fete
tickets have completed arrangements for
the sale of tickets. They will be placed
on sale to-morrow in San Francisco and
Oakland. There are only 2000 seats at the
grand stand and these are to be sold for 75
cents. Ordinary admission tickets are
half a dollar.
Bluerock Shooting.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 26.— Ala
meda County Sportsmen's Association has
secured a lease of a large tract of ground
at Alameda Point. The intention is to
thoroughly fit it up with traps and all
modern conveniences for the shooting of
bluerocks, and lease it to other clubs fol
owing that line of sport.
Church Services.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 26.— At the
*irst Baptist Church this morning, the
Key. W. T. Jordan made a touching ap
peal on behalf of the Armenian sufferers.
In the evening he discoursed on "Love,
the Proof of Pardon." At the First Pres
byterian Cnurch this evening a special
musical service was rendered.
THE CHURCH AND STATE
Father Yorke Speaks of the Spir
'..: itual and the Political
Man.
Statement That Catholics Desire a
Papal President at Washington
Declared a Calumny.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 26. j
Had St. Francis de Sales' Church been
twice as big it would not have been too
large to hold the crowd that tried to enter
it to-night to hear Rev. Father Yorke lec
ture on the "Church and State."
Half an hour before the. time for the lec
ture to commence there was standing
room only and when Father Yorke as
cended the rostrum not a foot of space was
unoccupied.
The lecturer commenced by stating that
God is government, ana as God alone is
responsible for our creation and our death
and for our experience after death, the
spiritual man is of far more value than the
political man. - 3
"Each man fills two distinct spheres,"
said the speaker. "He has a spiritual na
ture and a political nature. We teach the
youth in the Catholic church that to obey
the laws of the country, to be patriotic and
obedient to his superiors is the greatest
and most important duty in this life. We
do not teach that the law of the church is
superior to the law of God, because we
admit of no comparison. We hold, and so
teach, that it is impossible to blend the
two natures of man. The spiritual nature
is of course the superior of the two, be
cause it is everlasting. The political life
is only while we are in this world, and is
mostly inferior in the estimation of the
Catholic church to the spiritual life.
"All these slanderous "reports about our
desire to install a Pope at Washington
and take him as our President -is a
calumny. We are united, and conse
quently we are strong, for i n union there
is strength. But if we were not united
under one head what would become of us?
We would simply b • an aggregation of
little churches, and we should soon lose
our identity and our usefulness as a body
would be at an end. It would seem to me
1 that there is an attempt being made at
this time to create a spirit of anarchy in
spiritual life. The people have tolerated
anarchy in civil life, but never will it be
tolerated in our spiritual lives. We are
superior to government only in this way
that government is only for this life, but
the church is everlasting. While we are
here we are bound as. good citizens and
good Catholics to obey all laws and help
to see that others obey them.
"But the laws of God are responsible for
us for eternity. They brought us into life
and they will care for us after death. We
never can blend these two lives and we
should be belittling our loved church by
acknowledging that there could be a union
of church and state, or in other words of
the political and religious natures of man.' '
HERZ IMBER CHALLENGED
Spiritualists Resent His Claim
to Being " One of the
Thirty-Six.
A Local Occultist From Burmah Cham.
pions the Cause of the
* Theosophists.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
: 908 Broadway, April 26. J
The spiritualists of Oakland, and they
have increased in number since Eva Fay
mystified Judges and politicians at the
Macdonough, are greatly worked up over
the manner in which their beliefs has been
handled by Naphtaly Herz Imber, who is
at present in San Francisco. They resent
his imputations regarding their phenomena
and are arranging for a public contest be
tween Herz Imber and Professor Dantzic,
who has long posed aa"a white Mahatma."
In a few days a formal challenge will be
sent under the auspices of some local
psychic society to Herz Imber to meet the
local champion of spiritualism on the pub
lic platform. The contest will be partly
debate and partly manifestations.
Mr. Dantzic is a Burmese with an inter
esting history, some of which is given in
his own language:
"I was born in Rangoon, Burmah,
thirty-three years ago. My father was a
native merchant, my mother of French
extraction. Being an only child I was al
lowed to do much as I pleased. My early
and first impressions of anything that in
terested me outside of the home circle
were the extraordinary manifestations of
the Hindoo jugglers and tho wonderful
performances of the oft-appearihg famous
Warwick troupe. At the age of 12 I began
experimenting for myself in the mysteri
ous and marvelous manifestations of the
yogi, Gurus and Brahmins, and soon at
tracted the attention of an old strolling
fakir at that time residing in our midst.
Under his tuition I soon gained quite a
reputation for one so young.
"Imber is a harmless crank. His at
tacks on the rabbis everywhere is shame
ful. Has the poor mortal ever seen the
home of the Mahatmas, or are the Hima
laya Mountains not to be found on his
map. There has been — and always will
cranks of the Imber type.
"The beautiful philosophy of occult sci
ence has been recognized .by the most
brilliant minds of the century, vet, says
this false prophet of Kabbala, all spiritu
alists—himself alone excepted— are frauds.
Nearly my whole life having been de
voted to the study of occult science I
gladly invite this 'poet of the Jews' to
step upon the stage and give him the op
portunity to prove his assertions.
"If he knows anything about the Ma
hatmas, or if he can show that our beauti
ful philosophy is a fraud, here is his
golden opportunity. Let him meet me on
the platform and unearth the whole busi
ness, and if successful I will devote the en
tire proceeds to any charity he may name.
"Now I earnestly ask this Hebrew Kab
bali wonder to take up this defi and to
prove that the Mahatmas are frauds and
his claim to being one cf the 'inspired 86'
is genuine."
1
.-•..-■ .. , —
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1896.
GREETED BY BIG HOUSES
Consul Booth-Tucker Leads Three
Meetings :at the Taber
nacle.
MANY LITTLE ANGLICISMS.
Uses No Term but "My Brother m
When Alluding to Ex-Commander
Ballington-Booth.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 26. \
Three large audiences greeted Consul
Booth-Tucker at the Mills Tabernacle
to-day. Her appearance here has created
great interest and those who lieard ncr
could not help comparing her with Mrs.
Ballington Booth, who spoke in the First
Presbyterian Cnurch some months ago.
Owing to recent difficulties there has
been much speculation as to tbe reception
that would be awarded the consul on her
appearance in this city, where the Salva
tion Army has always been held in great
Consul Booth-Tucker at the Oakland Tabernacle. The Consul Is the Successor of Ballington Booth
and Is Now Making Her Initial Tour in Her New Command.
regard. The general verdict here is that
Ballington Booth made a mistake and so
far not a single member of the army has
declared sympathy for his volunteer move
ment to the extent of receding from the
Salvation Army. The reception tendered
the consul was certainly as cordial as
that accorded any member of the Booth
family with the exception of the general
and there was nothing in to-day's demon
stration that was significant of any trouble,
except the brief remarks of Mrs. Booth-
Tucker. These made it clear that there
has been gross misrepresentation some
where.
The consul's explanation is clear and
straightforward. She says that every con
cession that could be made by loving
hearts to Ballington has been made, but
that to go farther would necessitate direct
disobedience to the army regulations, and
would lay the foundation for endless com
plications in the future.
One of the most touching references
made by Mrs. Booth-Tucker was that re
ferring to the pledge taken by all the chil
dren before their mother to support the
Salvation Army.
. "All the world knows our sainted
mother," said the consul. "She was not
our mother alone, but the mother of the
army, She it was whose godly advice
prompted the general to open that old
Christian mission in the east end of Lon
don that eventually grew into the Salva
tion Army. That mother did all she could
to insure perfect union in our family, and
never shall I forget the time when we all
pledged that dear saint, now in glory, that
we should live and die in the Salvation
Army. Oh, friends Ido not for a moment
put any credence in the report that we are
interested in having my brother stay out
of the army. 33-
God knows that the thought
that we are not one in every
thing is the most bitter thought that has
ever entered my life. llt is breaking our
hearts and is clouding the dear general's
life as it was never clouded before. I would
be unfaithful to my hope in God aid I ever
give up believing that he will return to the
ranks. For a long time I looked after the
interests of the Woman's Training Home
in London and my brother was in charge
of the men's garrison. We thought to
gether, we worked together ■ and we re
joiced .: over our successes and wept over
our sorrows together, and now* there is
nothing in my life that I desire more than
to see us again united."
Throughout the whole day the consul
never referred even indirectly to the dis
sensions in the ranks except in terms of
the most marked love and friendship. In
the prayers and the addresses any refer
ence to the late commander was ; carefully
avoided and references to loyalty were not
made as definite as usual, presumably, so
that no possible spirit of antagonism would
be charged to his successor.
Mrs. Booth-Tucker never uses the word
Ballington in public. This was noticed
throughout the day, and it was said by one
of her intimate friends that she could not
do so without her feelings getting control
of her. All day it was noticed; that it was
"my brother" of whom she spoke.
The consul's frequent anglicisms were
a source of great interest to her audiences.
Her references to tram cars, chapels and
other things decidedly English caused fre
quent smiles. She rapidly detected it,
however, and invariably explained it by
saying: -'Well, you may have other
names for these things, but I am here to
learn and am not particularly slow."
The morning's service was a holiness
meeting, and Mrs. Booth-Tucker tool-, for
the text the story of Naaman and his heal
ing from leprosy. Her personal experi
ences with lepers in India enabled her to
speak with great force, and at the close
many went out to the penitent form.
The afternoon and evening services were
largely attended and were conducted as
usual "hallelujah" meetings, noted for
their enthusiasm and earnestness.
A Light Crop Assured.
OAKLAND, Cal., April There is no
further doubt that the fruit crop this
year will be the lightest known for years.
The cherry crop is about a failure, and
even apricots are becoming scarce. H. W.
Meek, the largest grower at San Leandro,
says he never before witnessed such a
wiping out of the cherry crop. It now
loots as though buyers would have to pay
8 cents a pound and even more for cherries.
. fishing Is Poor.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 26.— The fishing
is about exhausted in San Leandro Creek.
After the upper portion of the creek ha d
been pretty thoroughly cleaned out
the fishermen turned their attention to
the new creek, or that portion near the
bay, with the result that there are few
fish left there at this time.
ARBITRATION COMMITTEE
The Result of Their Delibera
tions Said to Be Satis
factory.
Gambling Cases to Be Heard This
Week— Alameda County Sports
men's Association.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 26.— arbi
tration committee appointed by Company
G last Thursday night to establish a
modus vivendi held a meeting this after- j
noon. Some satisfactory method was
evolved. Nothing definite can be learned,
however, as a good deal of reticence is dis
played all round. It is said by those who
profess to know that at the end of June
Captain Chipman will tender his resig
nation. All the members of the com
mittee were not present.
The Gambling Cages.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 26.— Some three
weeks ago City Attorney Taylor caused
complaints to be entered against Joseph
Emeric and Powell Bros, for carrying on
gambling-rooms on Park street. The cases
will be heard in the Recorder's Court next
Wednesday and Thursday mornings.
Speculation is rife as to the outcome. The
city attorney has summoned as witnesses
the chief participants in the games and
they are feeling uncomfortable. They do
not wish their names to get into the
columns of the press and desire the de
fendants to plead guilty and escape with a
small fine. The defendants, on the other
hand, say there is no law extant to stop
them from allowing poker to be played on
their premises; that if they plead , guilty
the police force will be compelled to be
ever on their tracK, and that the partici
pants in the games who are witnesses
have not offered to club together and put
up the fine, though they have had all the
fun. Hard things, too,- are said about
Taylor and his "playing" for the church
vote. ■ - -
Police Offenses.
ALAMEDA, Cal., 3 April 26. — Joseph
Victors, the city poundkeeper, was arrested
to-day at the instance of C. Hibbard for
exhibiting jf a deadly '■ weapon. Hibbard's
cow was wandering and the poundkeeper
took her into his possession. .This led to
words as to Victors' authority and the sub
sequent exhibition of a loaded revolver.
The police are determined to put a stop
to " scorching" on the main thorough
fares, and as an example H. Reunheim
was arrested by - Officer Lamp ■ to-day for
fast riding on Park street.
A German journal says that Prince Bis
marck now possesses all the Prussian dec
orations, and has exhausted all the honors
that it is possible for the Emperor to con
fer upon him.
A NOTED PHILOSOPHER
Professor John Watson of Queen's
College Will Lecture in
Berkeley.
THE ATHLETES CHAGRINED.
'97's Blue and Gold Out on Wednes-
Examinations Commence.
How the Athletes Feel.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 26. -Dr. John
Watson, the celebrated Enelish philoso
pher, of Queen's College, Queenstown,Can
ada, will arrive in Berkeley next Satur
day for the purpose of delivering a series of
lectures in his specialty to the Theosoph
ical Union of the State University. Dur
ing the entire week, beginning with Mon
day the 4th prox., Professor Watson will
deliver lectures and hold discussions be
fore the union and its immediate friends,
but on the evening of May 12 he will de
liver a free public lecture at the gymna
sium on the university grounds, which
will be in nature similar to the address
delivered by Professor Josiah Royqe of
Harvard last May. The members of the
union, of which there are at the present
time upward of 200 on the active roll, are
anticipating the lectures of Dr. Watson
with much pleasure and satisfaction, since
he is recognized as being one of the ablest
philosophers on the American Continent
to-day. He comes under circumstances
similar to those of Dr. Royce last year—
the union paying his expenses and fur
nishing him entertainment while here.
Professor Watson has never visited the
Pacific Coast, and, consequently, is known
here only through his writings and through
those who have met him in the East. He
is just 48 years of age at this time, and has
been at the head of the department of
philosophy at Queen's College since 1872,
a period .of twenty-four years. He . was
graduated from the University of Glasgow,
having received from that institution the
degrees of M.A. and LL.D., after which
he studied for a lime at Oxford.
While at Oxford he was a pupil of Dr.
Kant, the eminent writer of treatises on
philosophy, and was also under Professor
Jewett, master of Balliol College, Oxford.
For the oast year the union at Berkeley
has been discussing Dr. Watson's work on
"Kant and His English Critics," and it is
this work which will form the central topic
of discussion at the meetings in May.
It is the purpose of the union to bring to
this coast each year some man of emi
nence in the world of philosophical
thought for the purpose of conducting
discussions and delivering lectures on
some particular line of metaphysics. In
tense interest was centered in the lectures
of Dr. Royce last year, and the union has
felt that the good derived from them is a
sufficient justification for the indefinite
continuance of these addresses from emi
nent men. The union has had a healthy
existence from .its very inception, which
was in 1889, to the present time, and is con
stantly broadening in its scope. At the
present time the members of the union are
divided into four orders— honorary, cor
respondent, active and associate. D. 0.
Mills is at the present time the only hon
orary member.
Of the correspondent members there are
Professor josiah Roye of Harvard, Presi
dent Scburman of Cornell, Mrs. Ella
Mitchell of Denver, author of "The Study
of Greek Philosophy," Professor John
Watson of Queen's College and Hon. W.
B. Harris, United States Commissioner of
Education. . * \v.***;o *33r '■'•*' *
The active members are made up of
those who have been in some way con
nected with the department of philosophy
at the university, and the associate mem
bers are made up of those who are outside
of the university, but are interested in the
work of the union. •'.-;..;
— Professor Hawison, head of the depart
ment at Berkeley, stated to-day that he
looked upon the coming of Professor Wat
son as furnishing one of the greatest lit
erary and philosophical feasts which the
university has had in many years. . 3 *: ;
• University Vacation.
BERKELEY, Cal., . April 26.— Regular
recitations at the university closed yester
day, and the annual examinations in all
the departments at Berkeley will com
mence to-morrow morning and continue
until May 8. On Wednesday of this week
will occur the annual inspection and re
view of the military department with a
sham battle in the afternoon. Ninety
seven'-. Blue and Gold will appear on that
day also. -**■.;.
Athletes Chagrined.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 26.— The ath
letes of the university who participated in
the I field '* day with Stanford yesterday
seemed ' somewhat ■ inclined to feel - cha
grined to-day because of not being able to
forge another link for the thus far un
broken . chain . of victories on the < track
against Stanford. • . 
To say the least, they are more than sur
J. C. MITQER, AUCTIONEER
"WILL SELL THIS DAY, -
MONDAY, April 27, 1896, commencing at 2 P. v.,
sharp, the New York Kitchen Restaurant at 733
Market st., bet. Third and Fourth. This is one of
the finest and most complete restaurants on the
Pacific Coast, and must be sold on account of other
business. This place has been fitted up at an ex-
pense of $12,009, and the fixtures include 100 bevel
ate mirrors, 30 solid oak tables, 110 oak Vienna
chairs, 200 yds. of inlaid linoleum, elegant oak
counters, and all the fixtures necessary in a first-
class dining-parlor; 2 French ranges, 1 steam heater
and broiler, with urns and all kinds of kitchen
utensils; a baker's oven that was built at the cost
of $600. This place has done a thriving and suc-
cessful business for over 4 years. Don't miss this
opportunity of buying a first-class establishment at
at an astonishingly low price.
J. C. MUTHER, Anctloneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE,
319-321 Sutter Street, above Grant are,
At 617-619 Montgomery St., This Day,
MONDAY, April 27. 1896, at 10 A. m., I will sell
the well-known French restaurant : consisting of
Counter, Shelving, 80 Chairs, 20 Tables, Chlnaware,
Glassware, Cutlery, Mirrors, elegant 7-foot Range
and Copper Cooking Utensils.
Also at salesroom, at 11 a. ii., I will sell a large
variety of household furniture aud carpets of
every description.
S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
GRAND AUCTION SALE,
WEDNESDAY.
Magnificent Parlor and Chamber Furniture, Rich
Folding Beds, Carpets, elegant ' Dining-room
Furniture, etc., contained in 40 rooms, 703 Sut-
ter St., cor. Taylor.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer,
l -'7r7- 19 Montgomery st.
prised at the work of the Palo Alto boys,
and the lesson they received will probably
cause them to put still more effort into
their work at the coast championship
games on May 2.
They say that the results of yesterday's
contents were not so much a matter of
shortcoming on their part as the unprece
dented increase of strength on the part of
the Palo Alto team. The hottest contest
ever, held on the Pacific Coast in track and
Held athletics is expected next Saturday,
when the two college teams meet to work
off the tie and to determine the absolute
championship of the coast.
TWO CRICKET CUP GAMES
•_—■■-"■ ■ *■*■ ' * v.;- *
The Alameda and Pacific Con
test a Draw— Bohemians
Make a Win.
Captains Hogue and W. Robertson Do
tfce Chief Scoring— Pacifies
Just Saved.
The rain was accommodating enough to
cease just in time to admit of the opening
cricket cup matches being played yester
day. At Alameda the Pacifies and Ala
medas met, a draw being the result.
The Alameda men went in first. HoEue,
their captain, put up 72 runs with careful
though anything but faultless play. Price
was the only other man to reach double
figures, but at 4 o'clock the last wicket
had still to fall and the telegraph regis
tered 125 runs. ~*3' *.
Captain Hogue now called the inning
and the Pacifies played out time. They
lost 7 wickets and put up 71 runs,
Pococ_, G. Theobald and Harbour doing
the scoring. The first two of these gave
excellent performances, and to them is
certainly due the credit of saving the
game.
The chief fielding feature of the match
was Mutch's catch of Ward Jr. at midoff.
The score: . - -;„,,
K7;7i". A I.AM Kll AO. O.
R. B. Hogue c. Pocock b. Cassidy 72
F. S. Price b. Severs 13
J. J. Moriari:y c. Mutch b. Severs , 0
11. Ward Jr. c. Mutch, b. Hufferdine a
A. S. Burr b. Hufferdine 0
J. J. R. Peel c. and b. Pocock 7
F. C. Driffield b. Severs 4
K. T. Randall b. Cassidy 0
H. Bird c. Cassidy b. severs 0
H. J. Cronln, not out y
C. Bragg, not out 1
Extras .... 14
Total 128
BOW-INS ANALYSIS.
Balls. Runs. Wides. Witts. Mdns.
Cassidy 127 49 1 2 6
Hufferdine.. ..loa S3 0 2 4
Severs 115 -' 19 1 ._ 9
P0c0ck. ..... 13 11 1 1 0
PACIFIC C. C.
E. A. Mutch b. Ward Jr 5
J. Meyers c. Hogue b. WardJr 8
G.Theobald, not out 13
H.E. Pocock b. Driffield 17
G. Wiseman c. Burr b. Ward Jr 9
E. D. severs c. Bird b. Peel 0
J. J. Theobald b. Ward Jr 0
J. H. Harbour c. Ward Jr. b. Peel ...16
H. C. Cassidy, not out *.... 0
T. J. A. Tiedemau, aid not bat .", 0
G. Hufferdine, did not bat , 0
Extras...... . 3
Total 71,
BOW*CI*S9 AN-LAYBIS,
Balls. Runs. Mdns. Wkts.
H. Ward Jr 97 29 14
Pee 1...... ;..B4 17 1 a
Driffield 48 16 11
Hague 12 6 10
As the scores indicate, the Bohemian-
California contest at Golden Gate was
somewhat of a fiasco. The Bohemians
were first to the bat. W. Robertson
knocked together 59 out of a century total,
but his example was poorly followed. The
Galifornias made a wretched showing, ana
were altogether knocked out by the bowl
ing of W. Robertson. They had but ten
men in their team, and these were dis
posed of for a paltry 32, leaving the Bo
hemians victors by 68 runs. The score:
BOHEMIAN C. C.
W. Robertson c. Townsley b. Guild.. 59
Dr. Bo\v_ill c. Moran b. J. Robertson. 13
S.B. Martin b. Moran 13
E. L. Smith b. J. Robertson 2
V. P. Irwin b. J. Robertson 8
W. E. Dowlin run 0ut..... 2
W. Reeves c. Moran b. Guild.. 0
J. McMenomy run 0ut....... 0
H. H. Coo-son—os out 0
Extras *.. 3
T0ta1....... . , 100
CALIFOBNIA C. O.
J. Guild c. Martin b. Robertson. 2
P. D. GeUatly b. R0bert50n......... 11
M. Moran b. Robertson ~. .. . 4
J. C. Robertson b. l.obertson 7
C. Townsiey b. Cookson 1
R. B. Jones not 0ut....... 2
C. Banner b. Cookson . , 0
B. Van Norden b. Robertson 1
A. Came st. Martin b. Robertson '.. 0
A. N. Other b. Robertson 0
Extras 4
'Total T_2
STRETCHING WESTWARD.
The Electric Line to Ingleside to
Go to the Corbett
Road.
Several New Houses in the Course of
Construction Out on the
Mission Hills.
, What were a few years ago brown, sun
dried hills, with an emerald fringe of
vegetable gardens on both sides of the old
Mission and Ocean road, is now being built
up by settlers who had the foresight to
buy land in that vicinity a few years ago
when it was cheap and difficult to ap
proach.' Now they have the pleasure and
satisfaction of having choice residence
sites, with an electric car passing their
1. H. BURP, AUCTIONEER,
Offlce and Warehouse, 311 Larkln St.,
Fine Dry Storage.
WILL, SELL THIS DAY, MONDAY.
April 27, 11 a. the -elegant furniture of private
residence, 1305 Golden ('ate aye., magnificent
mantel mirrors, parlor, bedroom, dining-room and
kitchen furniture. Everything new and elegant.
Sale positive on account of immediate departure.
L. H. BURP, Auctioneer.
IMPORTANT
AUCTION SALE
fe fe °' fe fe
Choice Roadsters, Mares and Geldings
By STEVE \VHIPPLE(2:I2): VOTER and ANDY
R, full brothers to Steve Whipple, prop.
erty of MR. C. E. NEEDH AM,
BELOTTA STOCK FARM.
....ALSO....
Brood Mares (in foal to Direct), Trotting Fillies and
Geldings, by sons of DIRECTOR, CLAY and
ANTEO JR., etc., property of
W. H. CRAWFORD, PIEASASTOJ.
At the same time consignment of Road and Speed-
ing Carts, Buggies, Phaetons, etc., from factory
Of O'BRIEN A SONS, SAN FRANCISCO, to
be sold
THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1896,
At 11 a. m. at Salesyard,
Corner Van Ness Aye. and Market St.
Horses at yard SUNDAY, APRIL 26, for Inspec-
tion. Catalogue now ready.
KILL.IP & CO., Auctioneers,
30 Montgomery St., S. F.
T *__a
..." - --..- ~ ..--..: 7 ■
doors that will carry them into the center
of the City in less time than it took one of
the old jogging bobtail cars to traverse
four blocks.
On the east side of Mission road, rising
on tbe slanting side of Silver Heights, can
be seen house after house, either in course
of erection or those that have been re
cently built. The same can be seen on
the north side of the road all along Sun
ny side slope and the valley lying beneath
the Industrial School lands, even out
along the ocean road as far as Ingleside,
where a few years ago a battery of the
Presidio could practice target shooting
without the danger of injuring a living
thing.
To-day the neat little cottage stands
with its coat of white paint and garden
grounds laid out, where in a few years
flowers will bloom and tender vines will
entwine themselves around these stake
Ereservers, giving the heretofore desolated
illside a new life and an impetus to pros
perity.
The Market-street Railroad Company is
extending its electric track from the race
course entrance out to the Ingleside Hotel,
or Corbett Road House, as it is better
known.
This line when finished will approach
the entrance to the City and County Alms
house. ,33 r -
From all appearance the railroad com
pany is in haste to have this extension in
running order, as there were a gang of 100
men working there yesterday.
How much farther the road will extend
is not known, but some seem to think that
it will run to the ocean and along the beach
to the south entrance of the Golden Gate
Park.
A CASE OF MAYHEM.
An Old Man Has His Nose Bitten Off* by
a Young Ruffian.
Andrew Welsh, 61 years of age and a
soldier of the war, got into a row with a
young man on Eddy street last evening
and had his nose bitten in two. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital and
treated by -Dr. Stice, but .will be marred
for life. ... .77. ;:•'•; 3..
He states that he was passing quietly
along Eddy street, at the crossing of
Mason,, when a young man standing by
the curb applied some insulting language
to him. Ho struck the fellow and they
clinched and fell. As they struggled upon
the ground his antagonist sunk his teeth
through his nose, taking a piece fairly out
of it. He then sprang to his feet and made
his escape. He does not know the fellow
and the police have made no arrests.
Imber and Kabbi Fryer.
Naphtaly Hers Imber, the apostle of the Cab
bala, has gotten into a controversy with Rabbi
Fryer of the Bush-street Synagogue. Rabbi
Fryer has declared Imber to be a faker and not
what he represents himself to be, and Imber
has replied in kind. He has charged the rabbi
with illiteracy and challenged him to trans
late certain words of the Bible from the orig
inal. The rabbi has accepted and the two will
meet for the test this afternoon at 3 o'clock in
the vestry of the Temple Emanu-El.
Sir Mackenzie Bowell, Premier of Can
ada, began life as a printer's devil, worked
at the trade for many years, bought a
paper with his savings and got into poli
tics.
ritepepl
I miSt
llwMw
f*§SS-_ —^^^-^^s
A smart Broadway, New
York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
i along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
"stf^L Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
_Sa_9w£?___f^^ T, -- T *- Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«25KEAJBKTftlT. Established
■ n I8»_ for the treatment of Private
f-i^S^^fM. Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
*flSfB§a«E|S glsease wearing on bodyand mindand
**^?***^?&£3 Skin * D .* ,< ,!L doctor cures when
lS*^_!_ia2. tner8 **- il ' Try him. Charges low.
naraal(<-il, Callorwrita.
Dr. j. _ . iHUUOST. Box 18Q7.Sah, gSSBSS
RniDWATS
II Bflh- rj tn n _■_.
[ PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Com-
plete, digestion and absorption of the food, cause
a healthy action of the .Liver and render the Bowels
1 natural in their opera, on without griping -
1112
TO HONOR THE GOVERNOR
The Wildman Dinner in Honor
of Governor McConnell of
Idaho.
_________ ■
THE PRIES JUVENILE PARTY.
Delightful Surprise Parties—Theater
Party at the California—Per
sonals.
Mr. and Mrs. Rounsevelle Wild man gave
another of their charming little dinners on
Thursday evening at their home on Web
ster street. At the Wildman dinners there
is always some interesting guest of honor,
and on the occasion of this last dinner the
guest was no less a personage than Gov
ernor W. J. McConnell of Idaho.
The table was artistically decorated with
choice flowers, pink blossoms predominat
ing. An elaborate menu was discussed
and after dinner a delightful hour was
spent in the drawing-room. Covers were
laid for ten.
A very delightful surprise party was
tendered to Mr. and Mrs. Jessen at their
residence, 1715 Bush street, on Thursday
evening last. Music and dancing made
the hours pass merrily until midnight,
when supper was served. Those present
were:
Mr. and Mrs. N. Jessen, Mr. ana Mrs. N. P.
Jessen, Mr. and Mrs. A. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs.
Hansen, Mr. and Mrs. Rnddick, Mr. and Mrs.
Savage, Mr. and Mrs. Steiner, Mr. and Mrs.
Lord, Mr. and.Mrs. Taylor, Mr and Mrs. Schul
lesen, Miss Mattie Jensen, Miss Louise Lund,
Miss Maggie Jessen, Hiss Clara Jessen, Miss Sa
die Taylor, M ; A. Lund, Miss S. Taylor, Miss
Lena Jessen, Miss G. Taylor, Miss Kate Camp
bell, Miss Edna Savage, Peter Nansen, J.
Drohse, M. Petersen, H. Petersen, D. Petersen,
C. Swane, C. Christensen, AY. Samuels, M.
Scow, Mr. Romer, Mr. Sonne, C. Andersen, H.
Savage, J. .lessen, Fred Brower, Mr. Sullivan,
Mike Schonesey, H. Jessen, Mr. Smith, E. Jes
fen, Jack Sanders, E. Savage, Mr. Brouse, Jim
White and others.
Another enjoyable surprise party ot the past
week was the one tendered to B. W. Hess, on
Sunday last, by his friends. Messrs. L. Hess,
W. West and J. and L. Goldstone had entire
charge of the affair, and to their untiring ef
forts is due the success of the entertainment.
The Menlo Musical and Literary Club fur
nished excellent music for dancing, which was
continued till midnight, when supper was
served. After supper dancing was again in
order.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. B. Hess,
Louie Hess, Sarah Subosch, Misses Strause,
Goldie Zucker, Misses S. and M. Blume, Misses
Goldstein, Daisy Meek, Mr. and Mrs. Carbonett,
Misses B. and G. Rosenthal. Martin R. Reynolds,
Mrs.Rosenthal, M.Rosenberg of Portland, Misses
Bessie and Ruth Pearl, Mr. and Mrs. West, M.
Lubosch, H. Lewald, I.Goldstein, G. Fowzer,
W. J. Par-coll, Mr. and H. Kedian, D. Sheriden,
I. Hopkins, Messrs. Goldstone, C. Claussen, D.
Lewis, Dan Shene, J. Bachman, Thomas Lam
bert, Richard Foote. Dr. Clark, Mrs. Joseph,
Eva Blitz. B. Schlonker, Gussie Holtz, Mr."and
Mrs. Pasco, Miss Johnson, Mr. Harding, L.
Reynolds.
The Misses Patridges and Miss Moua Taub
mun were the recipients of a very pleasant
surprise party tendered by their friends on
Monday evening, April 20, at the residence of
the Misses Patridges, 10 Bartlett street. After
the evening had been very pleasantly spent
with music, games and dancing the guests re
tired to the dining-room. Those present were:
The Misses Patridges, the Misses Taubman,
the Misses linings. Miss Vera Pedlar, Miss
Amy Cookson, Miss Fanny Sanborn, Miss Char
lotte Scbeage, Miss Florence Raymond, Miss
Jennie Williams, Miss Newbegin, Miss Sarah
Goss .Messrs. Shaw, Collom, Sanborn, Staud,
Falls, Squires, Raymond, Clay, Arellanes,
Bullen, Bradley, Haupt, Turpin, Flood,
Foulkes, Tooker, Scott, Cookson, Irving, Or
inand^ Conlon and Collett.
The' Llah Club gave a theater t>arty last Fri
day night at the California. After" the per
formance the members all assembled at Del
monico's, where supper was served.
The little friends of Ethel Pries gathered
to celebrate the seventh anniversary of her
birth, on the afternoon of the _2<l inst.
Those present were: Lei.a Lunden. Gladys
bperry, Lois jurkwood, May Shaunessy, Josie
Bilterkoff, Tinnie Bitterkoff, Lizzie Williams,
Cena Treynor, Daisy Boyce, Lilian Boyce, May
Reffenberg, Olive Peters, Lilian Chester. Lilian
Hurtzig, Laura Duplissy, Flora Rankin, Ida
Vosti, Ruby Bergdahl, Emma Bimmerly, An
nie Biromerlv, Ethel Pries, Eva Pries, Chester
Pries, Hazel Pries, Mrs. William Pries, Georgie
Pries, Louisa Pries, Mrs. H. C. Jones and Mrs
J. A. Pries.
A very pleasant birthday party was given by
Mr. and Mrs. John Gallaway to their daughter
Sadie, at their residence, 741 Harrison street,
April 16. The house was artistically decorated
with flowers and evergreens. With fine music,
a programme of singing, dancing, games
and merry-making, the evening was passed
most agreeably. At 11 o'clock the party
proceeded to the dining-room, where sup
per was served. Those who were present
were :Miss Sadie Galluway, Miss Jennie Mitch
ell. Miss MayMe Mullins, Miss Nora Mulling
Miss Georgie Luce, Miss Sylvia Handy, Misses
Mamie. Josie, Maggie and Lizzie Fitzpatrick,
Miss Laura Powers, Misses Kattie and Nora
Callan, Miss Amy Hancock, Miss Jennie Dunn
Miss Frances Mahoney, Misses Hattie and Gertie
Harrison, Miss Alma Tobin, Miss Irene Ben
nett, Miss Katie Roach, Miss Annie Roach,
Miss Leone Kmmark, Miss Bessie O'Con
nor, Miss Cicely O'Connor, Misses Hattie
and Sadie Me ndelson. Misses Alice and Mabel
Manning, Irene Nothern, Josie Steckler, May
Evan- Misses Annie and May Cavanagh, Miss
Alice McNevan, Miss Maggie "B-ivne, Miss Nel
lie McKennn, Miss Nellie Carrol. Miss Lillie
Ryan. Miss Mary Burk, Miss Mary McQuecny,
Miss Maine Powers, Miss Kittle Tracy
Mrs. Gallaway, Mrs. Fitzpatrick, Miss Kit-
V f 1 , 1 -!' l '*' and Mis *" Hannah Spaulding
of \ailejo, the Misses O'Leary of Menlo
Park, John Galloway Jr., Dan Gorman, Will
Riley, John Mullin, John Luce, Frank
Harrison. Arthur Philipps, Ray Phnipps, Rob
«",H a T V Me * e J_ Herman, Walter Hancock,
"A lllie Luce, Leon Enemark, James Robertson
F red Scanlin, Joseph Robertson. M. Scanlen'
George Keller, George Harrison, John Mc-
& ,e , eU I-' Arthur Pc^ ' Mattie La Strange,
Eddie smith, John Bucayon, Louie Steckler,
James Brown, George Kennedy, Tom Egan
John Donahue. ° '
Miss Mollie Boyce gave a most enjoyable
party on Iriday evening last in the parlors of
the Eureka Hotel, on the occasion of her nine
teenth birthday. Many of the young lady's
friends were present to congratulate her and
Join in the merrymaking. Among the guests
were Mr. and Mrs. Peter Balzer, Mrs. Eceles
the Misses Lccles, Miss Rebecca Nelson, Mr'
and Mrs. Charles Strohmier and others
-.- The ninth anniversary ball of OroFino Parlor
No. 9, N. D. G. \\., will -be given in Native
Sons' Hall on Thursday evening, April 30. A
silk flag will be presented to the parlor during
the evening, and Miss M. Bertola, grand presi
dent of the order, will deliver the presentation
address.
Owing to the stormy weather the Odd Fel
lows' literary and social entertainment was
postponed to /Wednesday evening . Anril 20
1896, at Odd Fellows' Hall. Tickets for April
23 will be good for April 29. A good programme
is assured, including Harry de Lasaux and his
dramatic troupe in the laughable one-act
comedy entitled "Turn Him Out "
Mr. and Mrs. David If. Fletcher have leased
the Kauffman residence at 2406 Washington
street from the first of May, and will be pleased
to see their friends the first Tuesday of each
month.
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Kauffman and family ac
companied by Miss Isabel Wolf, leave MaY 2
for Europe. '
Invitations have been issued by Court Palo
Alto No. 53, F. of A., for a grand complimen
tary ball, to be given at Native Sons' Hall
Mason street, near Geary, on Friday evening'
May 1, in honor of their fifth anniversary
The committee on arrangements has spared
neither time nor expense to make this ball the
event of the season. Full dress will -be the
order of the evening and will be in full keep
ing with the elaborate decorations and special
music which have been prepared by the com
mittee. The grand march commences at 9
o'clock. . ■ C
Young Ladies' Institute No. 1 will give an
entertainment and social on Thursday evening
April 30. at Union Square Hall. The pro
gramme wlll.include an excellent first part by
popular talent, concluding with a pleasing
comediette, entitled "Six Months Ago," by the
De Lasaux Company. : < . * *■•> • '
Miss Ha Hie Levlbou. daughter ol Jacob Levi- 1
son, grand secretary of the I. O. B. 8., is visit
ing relatives in Sacramento, Folsom and Rock
lin. ' * ■ -• 7777^
DR. YORK'S LECTURE.
Christianity and Atheism— Charles
Darwin an Atheist?
Dr. York spoke to a good house last
evening at Scottish Hall on the subject.
"Which Is the Most Rational— -Atheism or
Christian Theism?" with a prelude on
Darwin and the development theory. The
speaker said :
"The theory of natural development,
known as Darwinism, to most thinking
people seems to be a more rational solution
of the problem of how things in the organic
world came into existence than the ac
count given in the Hebrew Bible.
"And previous to the year 1860 the
scientific opinions upon the process of de
velopment of the organic world was one of
chaos, and men of science were apparently
groping in the dark. And every one who
rejected the special creation hypothesis
found himself unable to propose a theory
which would find acceptance in rational
thinking minds. Professor Huxley says
that in 1857 he had no answer ready, and
he does not think that any one else had
any satisfactory answer to the problem of
creation. But in the fullness of time
Charles Darwin came and the darkness
was turned to light, and his book, 'The
Origin of Species, has been a cathode ray
in dispelling the darkness transmitted
from the childhood of our race.
"Charles Darwin was not an atheist, save
in a Christian sense, but believed that the
Deity was the supreme power of nature,
permeating the world of matter andjnind.
Darwinism is not atheism, in the sense of
a denial of a God. but is agnostic on that
subject, and is not even antagonistic to
Christian theism, only so far as the theory
of evolution exposes the childish absurd
ity of dogmatic theology. Darwin teaches
that man and all the higher forms of life
upon the globe are simply the modified
forms, or descendants, of lower forms of
life; and Professor Huxley says that the
mode of origin and the early stages of the
development of mankind are identical
with those of the animals immediately
below him in the scale."
Pointing to one conclusion, is the theory
of Darwin, sustained by a monument of
facts, that man, with other animals most
nearly allied to him has descended from
a common ancestor. And after all, even
if man had his origin in common witn
lizards, snakes and apes, and monkeys,
there does not seem to be anything more
depressing in such origin than in the Bible
story, of being made of dust and falling
from* perfect state to a state ot sin and
misery. And we think that Darwinism is
far the most scientific, rational and hope
ful view of life and origin of things, be
sides the more hopeful as pointing to a
progressive future for man as an individ
ual and as a race. 7X7 1
To my mind there is nothing in evolu
tion that precludes the possibility' of life
beyond. Science teaches that the disso
lution of one variety produces the evolu
tion of the next variety. The invertebrate
dies, and the lish appears; the fish
perishes, and the amphibinm is born; he
gives way to the reptile, and the reptile
gives way to the mammal, and from the
mammal man is developed. Why should
evolution stop here? Are we the pinnacle
of life? Or are we but one of the links in
ti.at endless chain stretching out from the
darkness of the past, and on we know not
whither? If nature began with the mol
lusk must she stop with the human? I
simply do not know. And while it is true
that one world at a time is about as much
as most people can attend to, yet we
would not disparage the hope of any one
of meeting their loved ones beyond the
grave. '<■ .
CATHODE BAY EXTENSION
It Now Beams Brightly in the
Cogswell Polytechnic
College.
What Principal Buchanan Expects
to Discover With His Home-
Made Machines.
The latest thing to be penetrated by the
all-seeing cathode rays, discovered by Pro
fessor Roentgen, is the Cogswell Poly
technic College. An electrical machine of
wood, glass and metal has just been con
structed there, and students and teachers
will soon be deeply absorbed in scientific
experiments to test the intensity and
penetrability of the wonderful X rays.
"It is our intention," said Principal L.
A. Buchanan, "to keep abreast of the
times, so far at least as our rather limited
means and equipments will permit, and,
of course, the . recent great discovery of
Professor Roentgen cannot be ignored.
With this iaea I had our students con
struct, during the late holidays, a sixteen
inch plate Wimshurst machine, which
i will be operated by a small electro-motor.
Besides the cathode-ray . experiments, this
machine can be used for class illustration
purposes in other studies. The boys were
much interested in the making of it, and
by our labor we have saved some $75 on its
cost. 3^3; . \ 3333* 333333 ;
"Our induction coil lacks the proper
sparking capacity. It is a fine instrument
for class uses, but gives a spark of only
about one inch with all the battery I dare
connect to it. With this and after long
exposure we have produced a number of
plates of coins and glass and metals
tested for their density. Within a month
we expect to have a bigger machine of the
Wimshurst type completed and in opera
tion, also another induction coil capable
of giving a five or six inch spark, and a
pump, so that we can then give a clear
demonstration and observe every detail of
the phenomenon. We shall in this way
be entitled .to secure the attention of our
students, to bold their interest and to
teach them tie best methods of| original
investigation, as well as give them some
practical ideas of mechanical designs and
construction." 77} 7*
"What will be the immediate results of
your experiments?"
. "Well, of course, that is difficult to
state precisely, but when I've concluded
the series of . experiments I have now in
my mind I trust that, aside from their
educational benefit to the students, we
shall possess a better knowledge of the
law of. the intensities of the cathode rays
and of the relation existing between the
energy required and the intensities. I
found by experiment with a radiometer
that it was hardly affected by the rays.
This may be in consequence of the impene
trability of glass. The calorific effect upon
a sensitive thermoscope is also an inter
esting experiment, while the result, com
ing from magnetic disturbances.is peculiar,
and an investigation may lead to tbe dis
covery of new and surprising truths.
. "All of the phenomena tend to the study
of the rarer ether and will probably aid
materially in solving the molecular and
atomic structure of all things, especially
of light, magnetism and the undulatory
theory connected with it.
"Professor Roentgen, in the course of
his numerous experiments, finds that the
transmission of the rays is affected *in
some degree by the density of bodies. The
retina of | the eye, he says, is not affected
by the rays and no calorific effect has as
yet been noted. The cathode ray thus far
has perhaps been of the greatest practical
benefit in surgery, but the possibilities of
its development are almost limitless and it
will soon, I think, be used to equally great
advantage in the industrial world to test
the materials employed in engineering
etc." 7 * -.■"*-. . ■;
A Baby's Death.
. Mary Frances Walsh, the 13-months-old baby
of Mrs, Addle Walsh, ■ a widow, died at -77
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1896.
Ninth street last evening. The baby had been
j neglected by its mother after • being taken
about ten days ago from Mount St. Joseph
Orphan Asylum and 'was' taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital on Thursday night, where it was
found to be suffering from brain fever. On
Friday it was taken to 77 Ninth street by its
mother and died last evening.
HOUSEWARMING BOW.
Daniel Crowley, a Teamster, Booked
on two Charges of Assault With
a Deadly Weapon.
J. Monahan of the Western House, 212
Broadway, was married about a week ago
and invited his friends to a housewarm
ing on Saturday night.
Daniel Crowley, a teamster, and Daniel
Buckley and James Murphy, railroad em
ployes living in East Berkeley, were
among the guests. There bad been a long
standing grudge between Crowley and the
two men from East Berkeley, and shortly
before 3 o'clock yesterday morning there
was a fight, and Buckley and Murphy were
found unconscious on the street in front of
the Western House by Policeman Dwyer.
The patrol wagon was summoned and
the two men were taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where Dr. Fitzgibbon attended
to them. Buckley's nose was broken and
his face badly swollen. Murphy's lips
were split open and his face was bruised
and hattered. >-v 3S V *3-
They said that some one had hit them
with a bootjack as they were leaving the
Western House logo to 521 Howard street,
where they were to stay the rest of the
night. -3*3 3
Yesterday morning Policeman Dwyer
arrested Crowley and Buckley and Mur
phy identified him as the man who as
saulted them. Dwyer took Crowley to the
City Prison and booked him on two
charges of assault with a deadly weapon.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL.--
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cxr,i>
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock evrrj
night ln the year. *
BRANCH OFFICES-830 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opei
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
OCCIDEN TA L LODG E NO. 22, F. ft
**<& and A. M -Called meeting for THIS J*
(Monday) EVENING at 7 -.30 o'clock. Sec-'JSfjr
ond degree. By order of W. M. /^jf\
EDW. F. DELGER. Secretary.
lfc-***-S» KING SOLOMON'S LODGE, No. ft
&■& 260. F. and A. M., corner of Geary __\
and Steiner sts.— Called meeting Tins'"*? JT
(Monday) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V>
THIRD DEGREE. By order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
ffi_*g- OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF ft
-»•-*-* Mount Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and fi*
A. M., are hereby notified to assemble ln**K _#"
King Solomon's Hall, Masonic Temple. f^yS
TUESDAY, April 28, at 1:30 o'clock p.m., for
j the purpose of conducting the funeral of our late
i brother, PHILIP HEUER. By order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
i ft*-"**----* DISTRICT 68. I. O. O. F., i jltt /! 7~~
Br-**' composed of the following^j&S&Eg&
lodges-. Fidelity, Golden Gate, Occi- 35t5*fSc|5=
I dental. Sargent, Myrtle and Spartan // W V
will hold a district meeting in Memorial Hall, I. O.
O. F. buildine, THIS (Monday) EVENING at
8:30 o'clock. Prospective members are Invited.
M. E. DIEBOLD, Secretary.
It"*"*?""** THE ODD FELLOWS OF <£mww,
j I*—*' Pan Francisco have postponed :i_i_^sg<__.
their literary and social enti-rtain-^^"KR^?
ment of April 23 to WEDNESDAY 2™' , ->~
EVENING, April 29, 1896, at Odd Fellows' Hall.
Tickets for April 23 will be good for April 29.
' . A. W. TURPIN, Secretary.
(•"r^S***- REMEMBER THAT ON NEXT ZT~
Or-*? Sunday, May 8, the Knights of the jf^
Red Branch will hold their great picnic SX&&A
Shell Mound Park-. New features, new^^
games, innumerable prizes: first-class music by
Blanchard's military band.
|KS- PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-
a*-* 7 THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
I postage free. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BpSp NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
■*•"***" the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom
street. San Francisco, Cal., has received the fol-
lowing half-orphan and abandoned girls from Jan-
uary 1 to April 1, 1896: Hazel I. Anderson, aged
18 months: Mary Rose Driscoll, aged 3 years;
Evelyn Tucker, aged 6 years: Lucy Tucker, aged
4 years: Amelia Ruth Rewsche, aged 5 years;
Lovina M. Korb, aged 10 years: Mabel S. Lien,
aged 4 years: Mary M. Lyons, aged 5 years; Fan-
nie Myers, aged 3 years.
B£"""S"** BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 54-
-■Jr***. collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy at., 'room 6. Tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS WANTEtt-EEMAEE.
WO" SWEDISH 'HOUSEWORK GIRLS, CAN
co:;__ well, want situations in city or country
Address or telephone MISS PLCNKEIT, 424
Sutter st.
/ t ERIMAN COOK WITH GOOD REFERENCES
"-J wants a situation. Address or telephone MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
G1 ERMAN SECOND GIRL, YOUNG. STRONG."
r good references, wants work in city or coun-
try. Address or telephone MISS PLUNKETT
424 Sutter st.
COMPETENT WOMAN WITH A CHILD DE-
sires situation, $12 or $15; country. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutler st. W,
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
tion as a good cook or would do general
housework city or country: kind to children-
wages reasonable; no postal; would do work by
the day If preferred. Apply to 523 Jones st.
IRST-CLASS COOK, WELL RECOMMEND^
A ed, desires situation; willing to do housework
ln American family. 2415 Clay st.
RESSMAKING AND PLAIN SEWING DONE
by the day or at home; prices moderate. 1004
Market st., room 6. .>>-.■,'.-:
ERMAN GIRL, GOOD COOK. WANTS
situation ln private family. Inquire 617 Sac-
ramento st.
ITUATIONS WANTED RY 2 COMPETENT
cooks, general housework or housekeeping for
widower; best reference. 2612 and 2633 Post st.
COLORED WOMAN WISHES DAY'S WORK
washing or housecleaning; also colored girl
wishes a situation at light housework and plain
cooking or nur<e, wages $10 to $15 a month. Ad-
dress E. W., box 89, Call Oilice.
"OCOTCH WOMAN WANTS SITUATION;
0 good cook and laundress: references; city or
country; also competent baby's nurse wants posi-
tion, chumberwork or mending. 606 Minnie st..
near Sixth. *";•;•*
OMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL WISHES
housework and cooking. Address 426 Shot-
well st.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS TO WORK
In 'odging- house: sleep home. Call between 12
and 3, 12 Howard court, off Howard, near Fourth.
GERMAN GRADUATED MIDWIFE WOULD
like to take engagements as ladies' nurse, city
or country; reasonable. Address E. 8., box 134,
this oflice.
DRESSMAKER (FIRST-CLASS) WISHES
engagement by the day or take work at home;
terms $123 a day; suits from $3 up. Call or ad-
dressees Minna st.
EFINED WIDOW HAVING FIRST-CLASS
references as housekeeper; an excellent
cook ; would take charge of gentlemen's club; city
or country. Address M., box 76, Call Office. <
GERMAN WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION
as working housekeeper: city or ■- country.
Call at Red Corner, Jackson and Sansome sts. \
EFINED LADY WISHES A POSITION AS
lady's maid or to attend invalid lady; ten
years' experience; has traveled abroad and is
good reader aloud. Call or address 806 Union st.
1 ADY PROFICIENT IN HAIR-DRESSING^
XJ manicuring and Turkish baths, would like a
position as such. Address S. A., box 76, Call.
"VEAT YOUNG GIRL WISHES PLACE AT
L"t second work and • children. ' Address 115 a
Sixth st., Piedmont House.
WIDOW WITH LITTLE BOY WISHES SlT-
uatlon as housekeeper In the city: no objection
to widower's family. 821 Mission, room 4. .
DRESSMAKER, GOOD FITTER, WISHES
engagements ln families at 75c a day. Ad-
dress O. P., box 80. Call Office. -,-
SITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG WIDOW
O as housekeeper for bachelor or widower; good
borne more of an object than wages. * Call or ad-
dress 363 Jessie st. *
ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
do housework and plain cooking; wages $12.
Address B. X., box 93. Call Office. .-..
p OMPETENT LADY'S NURSE; TAKE CARE
\J of invalid and make herself otherwise useful.
Call at 1411 Larkin st. . .
RESSMAKER WOULD LIKE ** WORK BY
tbe day or take work home; reasonable; ref-
erence. 219 Golden Gate aye.
DRESSMAKER, PERFECT FITTER, QUICK
sewer, .will go out by the day or week: very
reasonable. 108 Eighth st. - '
COMPETENT WOMAN COOK WISHES SlTU-
ation in hotel or boarding-house in city or coun-
try; German or American cooking, j 1024 Howard
St.. room 14. *•.■■.■-. ■■,■■■.-,_
ELIABLE WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
working housekeeper: city or country. Ad-
dress box 36, 339 Hayes st. ■■■■■:,
RESPECTABLE GERMAN . WOMAN, WITH
a child 6 years of age, wishes to have a place
as cook or general' housework; city or country.
Call at 149 Perry St.. between Third and Fourth
YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE ANY PLAIN
X sewingand mending: dresses made over; terms
reasonable. 706 Ellis st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnued^
LADY WANTS~WORK BY THE~DAY~WASH-
ing or cleaning.- 738% Clementina st. ■■
"y-OUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS STEN-
A' ographer; experienced; will take piecework or
translations from French or Spanish: good type-
wrlter; $6 per week. Address M. M., box 88, Call.
SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
general housework. Call on Monday at 8 Bond
St., beu Twelfth and Thirteenth, off Mission.
"DEFINED, STEADY, RELIABLE WIDOW
11 wishes a position as housekeeper in a widower's
family, or would take charge of a lodging-house;
city or country. Address M. A. H., box 64, Call.
A*" OUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
A do housework in a plain family or would take
upstairs work: no objection to the country. Call
at 9141/2 Harrison st., i.ear Fifth.
EAT YOUNG GERMAN GIRL, WITH THE
A*» best of references, wishes a position In a Chris-
„_- family as chambermaid and waitress. Call at
621 Twenty-fourth st. -
A,fOST RESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL DE-
-'A. sires situation at second work, sewing: coun-
try preferred ; can be highly recommended- Ad-
dress C, 913 East Fifteenth St., East Oakland.
IRL WISHES SITUATION" TO DO GENE-
*r rai housework: Is a good plain cook; not afraid
of work. Phease call at 321*V-a Tehama st.
YY" ANTED— POSITION AS WORKING
.„ 'housekeeper; country preferred. 'Address box
48. Branch Call Office, 339 Hayes st. .
YV INCIIESTEIi HOUSE, THIRD ST., NR.
TT Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus to and from the ferry. ■
SITUATIONS AVANTED-MALE.
li*** IRST-CLASS BUTLER "DESIRES SITUA^
X tlon; best references. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
UNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office. 17 Webb St., below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ACQ., 640 Clay.
PC. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
.branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant 46.
APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office best help. 414% O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
AN AND WIFE (COMPETENT SWISS
couple) wish a situation on a ranch; man
good milker and ranch hand; wife good house-
keeper, etc. Address C. B„ box 87. Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED AS MAN ABOUT
to place: thoroughly understands care and driv-
ing horses: good gardener; can milk; handy with
tools; best of references. Address A. S., box 139,
this office. •:.':::.
"\TOUNG MODEST GERMAN (80) WISHES
-L work of any kind in a private place. Address
S. J., box 76, Call.
BARBER WANTS WORK FOR $10 PER
week; city or country; good workman. Ad-
dress Barber, box 160. Call office.
STRONG YOUNG GERMAN DESIRES
O situation of any kind; city or country. A.
BARON, 656 Natoma st.
COOK WANTS A POSITION DAY OR NIGHT
work. Address FRANK GUTTNER, 765
Mission st.
Vf IDULE-AGED MAN, SOBER AND HONEST,
A.TA wishes position as kitchen-help and to learn
plain cooking; wages $12 to $15; city or country.
Address T. E., box 74, this office.
Y OUNG SWISS-ITALIAN WISHES STEADY
X position to drive light team in or near city.
Address F. 8., 611 Broadway.
ARPENTER WANTS REPAIRING WORK
V^' at $2 a day. Address C, box 29, Call Office.
ENGINEER WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
- engineer. or fireman, city or country. E, L.
GAGE, 1906b Mission St. 7"
GROCERY— YOUNG MAN WITH SEVERAL
years' experience in grocery store wants slt-
uatlon; good references. E. A., box 71, Call.
GARDENER WISHES PLACE WITH PRl-
vate family; middle aged: single. Address J.
O. C, box 163. Call Office.
"INDUSTRIOUS AND TRUSTWORTHY* MAN,
-L with several years' reference from last employer,
wishes situation as gardener and coachman; can
milk. D. J., box 149, this office.
ITUATION WANTED AS JANITOR, MAN
about place, or care for place during owners'
absence: references given. Address P. A., box 86,
Call Office. '
Vf USD TAN— SINGLE; TEMPERATE; COR-
i'A net, violin, mandolin and guitar player: de-
sires class in country town: terms moderate; ser-
vices to band free. For particulars address Musi-
clan, box 71, Call Office. >.
Si TU ATION BY MAN AND WIFE; MAN IS
engineer and machinist; wife good cook and
housekeeper, etc.; mine, sawmill or summer re-
sort preferred. Address R. 8., box 82, this offlce.
CT ENOGRAPHER, FIRST-CLASS, DESIRES
O position; Is also good telegraph operator. Ad-
dress Steno., box 112, this office.
MAN AND WIFE: EASTERN PEOPLE: MAN
understands horses, cattle and grounds; wife,
competent cook and housekeeper; California refer-
ence. Address M. D., box 78, Call Office.
SCOTCHMAN WITH GOOD REFERENCES
O wishes position to run engine or take care of
boiler. Address Scotch, box 65, Call Office.
I> ELIABLE (SWISS-GERMAN) MAN WANTS
- to rent a cattle ranch on shares, or will take
charge of same for wages. Address A. H., 2135
Harrison st. :'.£»" • :. .'.*.,'. ■ .- -
FEMALE HELP "WANTED.
ANTED— 2 PROTESTANT SECOND GIRLS,
" $20; girl for cooking and housework, 3 in
family, no washing, $20; 3 German and Scandi-
navian girls for cooking and housework In small
families, $25; cook, small restaurant, $20; 3 wait-
resses, restaurants, $20 and $25, and a large num-
ber of girls for all kinds of work in city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 312 Sutter at.
YV" A NTED-PROTESTANT COOK. COUNTRY,
»» $26 to $30: German cook, city, $26; French
nurse, maid, $25; second girl and washing, $20;
waitress, small boarding-house, $15; French or
German nurseglrl, $15; French maid, $15. LEON
ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
A \T AITRESS; COUNTRY HOTEL; THIS
" morning; $20. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st.
"iy AITRESS, CITY RESTAURANT, $15 AND
" room; waitress and chambermaid, summer
resort, see party here, $20: German cook,
private family, $25 to $30: German or Scandi-
navian girl with reference for housework, city, $20;
girls tor housework, city and country, $16 and $20.
C. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
VY 7 " ANTED— A FRENCH SECOND GIRL, $25;
'» girl for second In San Luis Obispo, $15;
French nurse fo grown children, $26; Swedish
second girl, Berkeley, $20; good German seam-
stress and maid, $25: waitress and parlormaid,
$25; German cook, $30: twenty housework girls
for city and country, $25, $20, $15 and $10. Ad-
ply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st. *_
GERMAN COOK, $30; GERMAN CHAMBER-
maid, *20; and others. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
OOK, COUNTRY, $30; CHAMBERMAID,
city, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
Yy°MAN WITH A CHILD; $10; COUNTRY.
TT MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter St.
AMERICAN OR SCANDINAVIAN COOK;
ranch; $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter su
Yy ANTED- A NUMBER OF GIRLS; COOKS.
chambermaids and girls for housework; city
and country. MRS. HIRD. 721 Ellis st.
p ERMAN NURSE, S2O; GERMAN COOK, $25;
VJT German girl, American family, $25; 10 girls,
$20. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton st.
HOUSEGIRL, COUNTRY, $20, FARE PAID;
German second girl, city. $20: number of
cooks and houseglrls, $20 to $30. 315 Sutter st.
HEAD WAITRESS, CITY HOTEL. $25;
waitress, country hotel, fare paid, * $15.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
I ADY CAN HAVE BOARD AND ROOM IN
A_ exchange for housework 2 days in the week.
820 Bush st.
V**/ ANTED-GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
J» work; German or Swedish preferred. 1218 a
Fulton st.
OOD VESTMAKER AND APPRENTICE.
207 Fourth st.
\\T A N I' ED-GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK,
'» 2 In family. 29 Belvedere st..AshburyHelghts.
GERMAN GIRL WANTED FOR LIGHT
housework. 834 Howard st.
/i OOD PANTS-FINISHER WANTED; ALSO
VJ good sewers. 1018 Howard at. ■
"YV ANTED— EXPERIENCED BUTTONHOLE-
' ' makers on custom coats. 1117 Howard sU
ANTED-GERMAN GIRL FOR HoUBE-
work. 515 Ellis st,
APPRENTICES AND FINISHERS ON
coats: apprentices paid at once. 419Natoma.
PPRENTICES AT DRESSMAKING. 4a AN.
tonla st., off Jones, near Ellis. *
APPRENTICES ON PANTS: PAID WHILE
learning. 249 Stevenson St., near Third.
PROTESTANT WOMAN; LIGHT HOUSE-
work; 2 in family; must cook. 764 Howard st.
yOUNG GIRL, SLEEP HOME, ASSIST
A light housework: wages $8. 1606 Post st.
Yy ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
» » school; course thorough, practical ; satisfaction
positively guaranteed; reasonable. 410 Leaven*
worth st. \ ■.*••* ■.••■-.-■..
PER ATO R S ON OVERALLS. I LEVI
STRAUSS ACQ.. 32% Fremont st.
W ANTED — DRESSMAKER AND SEWING
girls at at**,*. Kearny St., room 2.
anted - vaudeville people. ap-
ply to ARCHIE LEVY. People's Palace; stage
dancing taught; positions procured If competent. t
BRIGHT YOUNG GIRLS TO LEARN DRESS-
making; paid while learning. BOWHAY, 504
Sutter st.
IKST-CLASS SKIRT-MAKERS. * BOWHAY,
604 Sutter st. . -■■*-. ■:,... ..>..,,
SALESWOMAN AND BOOKKEEPER. BOW-
HAY*. 504 Sutter st.
REFINED~WOMAN, GOOD, REFERENCES,
to sell tickets: easy plan. *. 113 Powell at. •
iy ANTED — GOOD TAILORS ON CUSTOM
'T pants. 411% Kearny st, ,
AGREEABLE, INTELLIGENT WOMAN.
familiar with the duties of an office. Address
A., box 4, Call, i .'■;! ;; : ; -;.-.~,-. '■:.. : > -7y:>-7 ■
APPR ENTICES .TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
-o.* ting ana making, 14 McAllister, raw 67 ana 88.
HELP WANTED-Contlnued. j_ 3
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free 'bus to and from ferry. :- ■"■
AIRDRESSING. 26c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes ; 101essons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
TARESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
A/ taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. McDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night-, $1 60 to $6 per
week : f~>« but to and from the ferry. _^
MALE HELP W ANTED.
YV ANTED— 2 QUARTZ MINERS, $2 50 DAY,
" see boss -here: chore man, farmers, swamn-
ers, tlemakers, cooks, waiters and others. Apply
to J. F. CRQSETr A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
Yy ANTED — 6 AMERICAN, GERMAN OR
»» Scandinavian quartz-miners. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
Ty ANTED — WAITER, SHORT-ORDER
" • house, young man, $30; waiter, small restau-
rant, $30; German cook, $70- dishwasher, *15;
second cook, hotel, $20 and found; butler, country,
$30, etc. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. •
A QUARTZ-MINERS, $2 50 A DAY: 10 TIE-
~t makers, 9c apiece; ranch teamster and wife,
S3O: cooks, waiters, dishwasher and others. R. T.
WARD CO., 608 and 610 Clay st. ,
STOCK BRICK-MOLDERS; PLAIN BRlCK-
molders, country; farmer to batch with an-
other, $20; starcher, country laundry, $25 and
found. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
I**RENCH CHEF, COUNTRY, $80; BROILER,
frier and short-order cooks, city, $50 to $60; 3
neat waiters, first-class restaurant, $35, good side
money; hotel waiters, $30. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 110 Geary st.
UARTZ MINERS. $2 50 PER DAY. C. R.
HANSEN A CO, 110 Geary st.
UTTER-MAKER WHO CAN RUN ENGINE
and separator and furnish 3 milkers, country,
$100 for the lot; milkers for Oregon, $30. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st. ;
\\l ANTED— MAN ANDWIFE FOR RANCH,
'" $40 per month; carriage painter for country
shop, $2 60 per day; coachman for gentleman's
place in country, $25 per month: five Scandina-
vians or Germans to peel tan bark, no experience
necessary, $26 per month and board, see boss here;
also tlemakers, farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters
and dishwashers. W. D. EWER <fe CO., 626 Clay.
Yy ANTED — BAKER FOR STEAMER, $60
"F per month; also 2 waiters for same steamer,
$20 per month. W. D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay st.
R0 000 REDWOOD TIES TO CUT, Be, 9c.
(J\J.\J\J\J 10c. lie and 12c each; tools and food
furnished; see company at our office. MURRAY
A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ft HOTEL WAITERS, $25 AND $30: LUNCH-
U counter waiter, $6 week. MURRAY A READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
3 HOTEL COOKS, $25, $40 AND $65; 2 DlSH-
washers, $16 and $20: lunch-counter cook, $7
week; Ironer, $30; barber-shop to let in country
hotel: choreman for hotel. $10. MURRAY A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
3 FARMERS, $20. AME~ RA NClf ;~6 L ABO £
«J ers for a ranch; farmer and wife; man to clear
land. MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOREMAN FOR PRIVATE PLACE, $20;
middle-aged man; references required: Cana-
dian preferred. MURRAY A READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
2~~WaItERS, COUNTRY HOTEL; 525".
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
ANTED-STEA D V MAN TO ASSIST IN A
store; salary $75 per month, with an increase
if deserving: permanent position: must have $160
in cash. Apply rooms 1 and 2. 765 Market st.
OUR LIVE EXPERIENCEDCANVASSERS:
$4 to $7 a day easy; something new. 305
Spreckels building, 9 a. m. to 13 *_. to-day.
WAN T D- F I P. ST>CLASS WAITERS. CALL
at PROSPER REITER'S, BE. cor. O'Farrell
and Larkin sts.
Y\r ANTED— GOOD WAITER AT 43 SECOND
»" street.
OOD SOLICITOR FOR $4 PANTS; REFER-
ence. Apply 22 Geary st., room 29.
\\r A ITER WANTED FOR RESTAURANT.
if 640 Fourth st. ; call early.;
WANTED— LUNCH TOOK FOR SALOON;
" wages $20 a mouth. 643 Clay st.
DISHWASHER WANTED AT 207 SECOND
street.
BARBERS-GOOD- 4-CHAIR SHOP
in san Jose for sale. DECKELMAN BROS.,
Barber Supply House, 106 Ellis st.
ARBER-SHOE FOR SALE. 737Vj. MARKET
St., opp. Examiner office.
OBER.TRUSTWORTHY' MAN WITH SMALL
capital can secure good position as cashier, res-
taurant, this day. STENBERG, 632 Market st.
YY/ ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
"» cry st., clerks ana laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues; no charge unless "suc-
cessful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
H" A RRY WETMORE, COOK, CALL AT 3409
Mission st.
IRST-CLASS TAILOR; GOOD WAGES. 834
Howard st., flat 9. .
ANTED— YOUNG MAN TO LEARN AND
run a tintype trail Ty; must have small cap!-
tal. THOMSON, 1035 Marke: st., room 10.
SHOE MAKER TO RENT 2 ROOMS; SUlT-
able for shop: rent $5. Ellis and Fillmore st.
6>OAA PARTNER AS CASHIER IN RES-
«*£-AA/. taurant: transfer point. 3 212 Polk.
GENTLEMEN TO TAKE SUNNY" FUR.
nlshed rooms; 75c up. 545 Mission st.
A Y^ A TED - MEN TO LEARN BARBER
'" trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard.
ATCHMAKER'S APPRENTICE OF GOOD
family to learn business thoroughly. Apply
129 Montgomery aye.
OOTBLACK FOR COUNTRY. CALL 863* A
Bryant st. . ■.->.-.  .*. ---f
LERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
MAN AND WIFE (WITHOUT CHILDREN)
wanted to take charge of a ranch; man must
understand general farming: also vineyards and
orchards: wife must be good butter-maker, cook
and do general housework. Address by mail with
references. Bella Vista, 1066 Twelfth st.. Oakland.
LfOURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
AJ instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cea-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutter st.
TVT EW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
Ai 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 60c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls: open all night.
CALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
half-soleing 25c up. 959 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
ANTED- AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ersifcclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
BARBERS— EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye, S. FUCHS.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL EMPLOY-
meat. Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238% O'Farrell.
ASTHMA RE' GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
1 INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
J J sts.; single furnished rms 76c week, 15c night.
JUST OPEN: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price, sc,
10c, 16c pr night :clean beds.sunuy rooms.no bunks
IpOR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10-CENT
A meal try 13*/ 8 Grant aye. ; coffee a specialty. .
IIVE SOLICITORS FOR NEW AND HIGHLY
J profitable proposition: accident, health and life
Insurance. Call bet. 3 & 6 p. m., or address Fidelity
Mutual Aid Association. 316 California, room 18.
ANTED— .LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 629 SACRAMENTO
st.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 26c a night. SI a week: meals 10c.
EST IN CITY-SING • E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, SI 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
EN'S J^SOLING 50c: LADIEs' 40c; DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace HoteL
"1 1 MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOc, 15c
AW and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. . . *"....:,
EN'S SOLES, 50c; HEELS, 25c: DONE 15
minutes, while you wait. 635 Kearny st.
E ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wale.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.-
Ai EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i'J all grocers keep it.
MEN'S , SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 260 to $1 25. 662 Mission.
Ir<LCHO HOUSE, 863 Va MARKET StT^
- Rooms 20c, 250 to 50c. night; $1 to $?. week.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
. Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading, j
room: free bus to and from the ferry. .
REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
also a bottl «of lager, 6c, at 637 Clay st. .
RY ACME HOUSE, 967 MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. .
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
week; rooms for two, 26c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st. *
BOOMS WANTED.
WANTED— FROM 1 TO 4 UNFURNISHED
rooms: centrally located; * reasonable. Ad-
dress W., box 9. Call Office. ■;•--'
IpLDERLY LADY WISHES TWO UNFUR-
n ished rooms, with fireplace, in Noe Valley:
price stated. Address 816V-2 Valencia st. ' ■■*.< L
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
SELL YOUR ROOKsTcLSTUiyuTASiTjR^W
elr- to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.; send postal* v
BICYCLES.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO j^ET^ I
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo
I AUlster nod PoweU st, car lines. "
BUSINESS CHANCES. ___^
m^s^n7l~T^A^^^Airr7EXPßESS COM-
»Ip -£_iUU. pany: established many years; large
trade with leading business houses: first-class
horses ; 4 wagons: clears over $300 monthly:
splendid opportunity to secure steady profitable
business with sure Income: thorough investigation
allowed; correct representation guaranteed.
STENBERG & CO.. 632 Market st. < . _
<B_ HlfkA LIVERY AND BOARDING STA-
tJp-LUvl/. ble: partner wanted; large first-class
business; clears $200 to $275 per month; positive
proof or no sale; owns 15 good livery horses: a full
equipment of carriages, hacks, buggies, etc ; '.0
regular boarders; this business is actually cheap
at $1600, but the proprietor finds too much to do,
needs help and will sacrifice to secure good reli-
able man for the office work, collecting, look after
help, etc: Investlga. c this; it will pay you. GEO.
STEw A ill* , 602 Market au, Crocker building,
downstairs. :*-.;;»■■»
fl_o HO CORNER SALOON; DOING GOOD
"pOuU. business: value in sight; receipts aver-
age $12: full Investigation to party meaning busi-
ness. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market St., opp.
Palace Hotel. ■ ■* -■t--.».u.i.
ESTAURANT: YOUR OWN PRICE; NEAR
market: established for years: cost to fit was
$1000. STENBERG & CO.. 632 Market st.
$2000 $2000-
BAKERY AT A SACRIFICE.
Must be sold this week. Retiring.
■ STENBERG CO.. 633 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
AiflC CORNER SALOON; CITY' FRONT;
«Js"i«jt/. private rooms; big lunch during day;
full value stock, fixtures: disagreement partner-
ship only reason for selling. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market st.
a&O^A COALYARD, HORSES. WAGONS,
rIP-UiOU. building, stock, etc.; 5 years' ground
lease; rent $6 mouthly; investigate. JOHNSTON,
26% Kearny st.
flrjO'/Y CIGAR-STAND ON KEARNY st.;
<4n~.»J*u . good trade; stock and fixtures; value In
sight; bargain. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
A SACRIFICE— PAYING RESTAURANT ON
Kearny st.; receipts $20 to $25 dally, low rent;
make offer. JOHNSTON. 26% Kearny. . *-„- ,■•/■..
•St^^O A No. 1 RESTAURANT; BIG BAR-
<^pOO\J. gain; very central: receipts $30 daily;
low rent. JOHNSTON A CO., 26% Kearny st.
Cfc9"*.o PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS;
«jp.j«_"l/. established over 10 years; guaranteed
to clear $20 weekly to each. 26% Kearny st.
GOOD BUSINESS FOR SALE FOR $150;
downtown. Call 722 Howard st.
IGARS. NOTIONS. LAUNDRY OFFICE;
good trade; must sell. STANLEY, 21% Third.
(2*l XA MANUFACTURING BUSINESS;
A.OXJ. easily learned; big bargain. STAN-
LEY , 21% Third st.
ft Qf\f\ branch bakery, notions, can-
«JPO*U*U. dies: good trade; fine location: 5 llving-
rooms: cheap rent. STANLEY, 21% Third st.
TV SELL YOUR BUSINESS RIGHT AWAY
see or send to STANLEY, 21% Third st.
ft 9 -^O BUTCHER-SHOP; GOOD TRADE;
<-p.£_U"J. fine locality; must sell. STANLEY,
21% Third st. ■ '
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSI.
ness quick Bee T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye-
TATE RIGHTS FOR SALE ON PATENT
sewing machine attachment; thousands In de-
mand: rare chance to make big money and resell
county rights; investigate and see patent. T. LU-
BELISKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ft '-.000 FINE GROCERY BUSINESS: 2
(Jpill/UU. horses and wagons; doing $75 per day
business; paying well; fine locality; only object
for selling going back to Europe; Investigate this
fine place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©"I 4.00 ELEGANT GROCERY AND BAR*
tJpITWU. fine locality: good trade and highest
bargain ever offered in city; investigate this, you
will never get this kind of a bargain again. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
<Bil*7K CIGAR-STORE DOING NICE BUSI-
*"DA ( IA. ness: good 'locality: fine stock and a
rare chance to secure a well-paying small business
cheap; must sell on account of going East. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. *
ft 1 000 ONE of THE NEATEST
tlPll/UU, new and second-hand businesses
in the city; elegant stock; cheap rent; fine local-
ity and rare bargain If taken soon: object of sell-
Ing, sickness. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ftl 300 FINE CORNER CYCLERY; 24
<iP- , -' J " , -'• first-class wheels; business estab-
lished; doing well; cheap rent; right in desirable
locality, near park; if you want a cvclerv busi-
ness, investigate. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
©J FLA SALOON WITH 4 _ ROOMS; RENT
«P.**wvr. $30; good business location; kept by
owner last 8 years; good chance for man and wife
WILKE A WOLF. 531 California.
ft -*. -*. O p AYIJ«G COUNTRY* BUTCHER
*£)UU\J. business; 1 country peddling-
with good outside route; 1 dellverv-wacou: 3
horses: harnesses: all shop fixtures. BARRETT
A SKIFF. 921 Market st.
ft 99'"*_ MARKET-STREET SALOON: FINE
■tfli«-*-tJ. place: pays well; must sell on account of
sickness: snap. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market.
©900 BIG BARGAIN; PAYING COFFEE
I 1 """' saloon; vicinity Sixth and Market-
worth $500. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Markeu
©1 100 CORNER GROCERY: RECEIPTS
ftl""- $1300 month; full value in stock and
fixtures; rent $40; rooms. BARRETT A SKIFF,
921 Market su • . • . t...
©kKA BARGAIN; 7. DELICACY* AND
t\p*JU\J. produce business, with horse, wagon
and route: cheap at $800; finely fitted; large stock;
4 rooms. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market St.
©KO CORNER FRUITSTORE; MUST SELL
tUmif. to-day. BARRETT SKIFF, 921 Market
ftft^O CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
■dpUcIV/. with living-rooms: full value in stock;
Western Addition; partners don't agree; bargain.
WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st.
"VTOTICE — TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
Al promptly for cash. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny.
ft 9ooo HOTEL FOR SALE; 34 ROOMS,
iJpAXJXJVJ. bar, dining-room and kitchen; kept
by present owner 11 years, who Is cow retiring
to live on his property across the bay; . this Is a
mechanics' hotel; Is always full of roomers; located
in a manufacturing neighborhood; this Is a fine
opportunity to get a paying business. Apply W.
F. HEALY' A CO., 23 Kearny st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER LIQUOR
store; | business of $30 per day: trial before
purchasing. Apply HEALY' A CO., 23 Kearny st.
<& OA GROCERY, BAKERY AND VA-
«_? "- __»-/. riety store; kept by present owner 6
years: rooms: bargain. HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny.
©Q^O WOOD, COAL, HAY AND FEED
•tJpOiJU. business for sale; 30 stalls, 3 horses,
wagons; cheap at $600. HEALY CO., 23 Kearny.
©700 CORNER BARROOM ON WATKR
tin I yJKJ, front; 1 block from Market st.; good
paring place: owner must leave for East. WILKE
«fe WOLF, 531 California st.
©1 00 HOTEL; FINE BAR; 29 ROOMS.
•tglJ-UU. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
©400 CANDY -STORE AND FACTORY:
tj? ±\J\J. fine bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market.
©"",00 RESTAURANT: FINE LOCATION;
•Jgu^v. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
©700 GROCERY AND BAR; FINE COR-
»E> I \jyj. ner. DECKER, 1020 MarkeU
ft 1 "^OO SAMPLE-ROOM INVERY CHOI&
Ciii'VfV. est location: first-class trade; rent
$60 ; owner has to leave at once for Dakota. Call
WILKE A WOLF, 631 California st.
©Q7X CANDY- STORE, SITUATED ON
tlDUIc'. Hayes St., doln-j a good business; will
be sold cheap. HICKOK «fc CO., 873% Market st.
RESTAURANT FOR SALE CHEAP; GOOD
running order: good location; good trade- Im-
mediate departure. A. P., box 93. Cam.
RESTAURANT FIXTURES FOR SALE;
finely fitted up; a sacrifice. Apply junction
and transfer point, Thirtieth st.and San Jose aye.
BAKER STATIONERY AND BOOK STORE"
principal business street; vicinity of 3 school*
Inquire RUTZ'S BAKERY, 'B36 Valencia sU
SALOON ON MARKET ST.; GOOD PAYING*
O business; must sell on account of death- this
is a bargain.. Apply 1806 Market at.
GROCERY* AND SALOON; MUST RESOLD"
a bargain. Call 332 Main st. &Ul - D '
AIRY, DOING GOOD BUSINESS FOR
sale; make offer. JOSEPH, 707 Market st.
WELL ESTABLISHED BAKERY, DELI-
" cacyand confectionery store; all cash tiade
from large rooming-house and surrounding vein
Ity; fine chance for 2 ladies: great d mann for
ran , an ri X .nl ng ;i BOW chea " taken before May L
Call and investigate, 1004 Polk st., near Geary.
lW„ EKY -V- D CONFECTIONERY:
Sis office. portunlty - Add - "- Beehive, box 91,
Vy ANTED _ PAYING BRANCH BAKERY
hi .r&rar" near schooi; »• *™ si
G-'i2S- CHANCE FOR WOODWORKER TO
3 _i]g ft g. smaUca P'^ aSss'g 0
A BARGAIN; WHOLESALE AND RFTatt'
A uqnor house; $3600. Address A. v.ffif 29
PRINTERS-HERE'S A CHTnCK~F7TF-T
.ft,9fSo RESTAURANT AND BAKFrV.
&*» U 8 L bargaln; *<"* .»«»«£ -en^ EX „T 7
IDEGARDLESS OF COST, FINE RFsT.t-
X rant; location very good. ' *£$&s£*%&%
(-lOOD PAYING BAKERY AND VARIIFF?
£nS6«Vi£fe ' 8 -"oe.oll Bl aVa^-
G^^I^^tANSFERCORNER.
S5 50 S^nt° H BAKERY AND RES-
furalture . a °l., new range, cost $126: new
S Market st" *** '' mUSI BeU - HICKOK,
OmmS^SJ- 15 *' ? 0013 LOCATION: MUST :
V sell on account other business. Inquire 36 Eddy.
SB5O STATIONERY. SCHOOL SUPPLIES.
llhrYrr »f*~ C ' K ? r *- nd to l>acco. candles, circulating .
»**£?.' Z.U * 011 ": sunny corner; old estab-
v»S? .VJS? 0 * 1 _. rade: affords good living; large
( n a ™' B ' ■*£•» Chickens: this place will bear close •
train ?_?■*«:_? w "l r goln X East. Address Bar-
gain, box 95, this office.
\V A^ ,^--?- TO BUY AN INTEREST IN AN
,3. c ished business, by a young man who will
Artrt~?. ac .-.*_® part in its management; no liquors. '
' Address with particulars K. a., box 165, Call. *
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
HE EXPRESS, PUBLISHED AT- WINTERS;
Yolo County, is offered for sale at a reasonable
figure. For price and terms apply In person or by
letter to the publisher, E. C. RUSK.
*I*r ELL- PAYING CORNER SALOON AT A
»T bargain; rent low. inquire SE. cor. Vallejo
and Battery sts. .
HEERFUL DINING-ROOM TO RENT; NICE-
Iy furnished: boarders: fine location. 203 Taylor
INSIDE PAPER ROUTE; 600 SUBSCRIBERS."
J. 8., Call Office. Oakland.
ARRIAGE AND WAGON SHOP; GOOD
business: 17 years In same block. Apply Call.
ASH PAID FOR ALL KINDS OF GROCER-
Iea and other merchandise; city or country.
Address R. box 161. Call Office.
ff-OAf. GOOD PAYING BUSINESS; PAYS
Z7O\J\J. $60 permonth. Call room 18, Crocker
building.
OR SALE-A LIQUOR-STORE WITH LlV-
ing-rooms; cheap. Apply Call Office.
LaKeRY AND CANDY; 2 LIVING. FUR.
i' nished rooms; bargain; retiring. 1243 Mission.
LBANY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH*
NE. cor. Everett St., for sale.
UTCHERS, ATTENTION— I HAVE FOR
sale a first-class shop: family trade: estab-
lished over 20 years; owner must sell: refrigera-
tor, marble-tops, etc.: sell for price of fixtures;
good-paying trade. J. J- MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley.
RESTAURANT FOR SALE AT A SACRIFICE,
$250, in Santa Rosa: best location in town; 3
private boxes and main room of 7 tables; A No. 1
ranee; all cooking utensils, cutlery, dishes, tables,
chairs and everything necessary for carrying on
the restaurant business. For particulars address
box 59, Santa Rosa, Cal. - .-
COALY'ARD-CHEAP; NICE HOUSE, WITH
yard; horses, wagons, scales, etc.; long lease;
low rent. Apply Call Office. ■ ■■■■■• , ■
/"IANDY STORE FOR SALE. 261 THIRD ST.
-1
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
•\rOTICE-PARTIESWISHINGTOBUY, SELL
i.i or exchange lodging-houses, or any other busl-
ness, try JOHNSON A CO., 26% Kearny st.
AA-ROOM. LODGING-HOUSE. ■
rt4: PRICE $700— WORTH $2000. — .
20 rooms on Fourth St., only 609
16 rooms on Taylor st 750
45 rooms on Market st 2500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Oft ROOMS, NICELY FURNISHED; NEAR
OO Baldwin; $1200. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
(» 1 9?. 7 ROOMS AND BATH, NORTH O?
■im A.4 0. Market; new furniture. HEOARTY,
1004 Market st.
00 ROOMS: WELL FURNISHED; GOOD LO*
-IO cation; cheap rent. Grocery, 40 Sixth at.
ft 7^o wlIj L BUY 20- ROOMED HOUSE;
«Jp 4 OKJ clearing about $100 per month: reasons
given for disposal; must be cash: none but prln*
clpals apply. C. 8., box 68, Call Offlce.
WANTED— GOOD TENANT FOR 110-ROOM.
house, with elevator. SPECK A CO., 602
Market st.
©900 ROOMING-HOUSE OF 10 ROOMS
tjJ'.-'JI/. and bath.' 128% Ninth st.
HOUSE OF 22 ROOMS; PRICE, $650. 128$
Market st. ■ ■
ELL-FURNISHED, GOOD 67-ROOM LODG*
ing-house: good location. 613 Mission st.
3
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
~-~~~' ~—
F^TrJTsale? 3~
X! Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets... $18 s<>
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, per yard 65
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard ,V 10 ■
Til! our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOON AN.
OR SALE — FURNITURE OF 8 SUNNY
J rooms and bath ; rooms all rented; cheap for
cash. Address F. F., box 44, Call.
G. KHASKY', FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 773 Mission.
AOO CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS, $14;
Wv stoves. $5; parlor sets, $20: folding-beds.
$10; bed-.ounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
4 ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW $75
Redlounges trimmed with plash .'ss 50
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 3 40c up
Window shades in 5 colors v»so up
SHIREK <fe SHIREK, 747 Market «., opposite
Grant avenue: no branch stores.
FURNITURE WANTED.
VY 7 " ANTED — SECOND-HAND FURNITURE
'» for country: pay good price. 7 City Hall aye.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
tore and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
KFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Markeu
O BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS . FURNI-
I ~-"*» ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
TT MAYER , BUYS YOUR FURNITURE"
AA . carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 76L
CI ALL ON J. C. MUTHER, 521 KEARNY. It?
' you want highest cash price for your furniture,
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.
A MALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE 7
XI. than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fonrf h nt.
1
CARPET CLEANING] .
hlen^you^becolje^
poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama su ; tel. So. 40.
GONKLIN 'S CARPET KEATING WORKS. 333
Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
TONES CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
0 renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
REAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-
Ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth st. B. Gbaht.
ITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
tIng, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
C-J. REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
X Ing works: latest improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.offlce 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
/"l ARPETS CLEANED, 3c PER YARD; RE-
VJ laid, 5c per yard. S. STRATTON, 18 Eighth.
ARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
_ like new. FERGUSON A CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
. 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
McQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 228.
== ====________3
HORSES.
TTORSE ?AND 3e*XPBESS WA^GON CHEAP.
AA also large hand truck, $5. 859 Mission st.
"YY' ANTED— BOARD OF HORSE IN A FIRST-
" class livery stable in exchange for a high-
grade piano. Address Piano, box 124, this office.
yOUNG HORSE; WILL DRIVE SINGLE OR
J. double; cheap. 935 Shot well st.
THREE-CAN MILK WAGON, HORSE AND
harness, top buggy. 1620 Mission st.
40 HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS."
-IV/ buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth su; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers. OJr
100 ?M 3 SECOND-HAND Ha'RNESsTaLL
. ook„ k 1 , nt *- s: second-hand wagons, buggy, carts:
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
ORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR ClRCU-
___lar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
T P . h YOU fc WANT TO BUY. SELL OR EX-'
t<£ **"/? horses buggies, wagons or harness yoa
will find It to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth sts. : auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
proprietor. S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
1 f_o bKTS NEW AND SECOND-HAND har-
x*J\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses audi
scrapers: sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
TAR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY BUR-
*T S?°? /•**£ £; *. Pol Departmenu Office and
hospital. PJI City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
A. wv£st S v - yEWS FOR 5 CENTS -TUB
- _ "EEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TUNE TRAP; _; LOW PHAETONS: 3 OPEN
A surreys; 3 canopy-top surreys; 2 extension top
rockaways; 2 dogcarts; 1 carryfour. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
OR SALE— HORSE, PHAETON.CART, HAR-
ness and saddle: cheap; will trade for real es>
tate or piano. Address P. 1... box 134. this office.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
fflJlO DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE:
«JPI<C. drop leaf; drawer attachments.' 1915
Mission St., near Fifteenth.
ft_LO BICYCLES NEW— I HAVE JU-T RE".
♦IP-*", ceived a line of new wheels unsurpassed
by any $100 wheel on the market, which I will sell
at $40; call or write for catalogue. J. B. NATION"
927 Market st. ■
X-HORSE- POWER ENGINE AND BOILER*
— » rock-breaker and blower. W., 404 Third st.
OOD BARGAIN'S IN SECOND-HAND BlCY-
cles. 314 Golden Gate aye. . . •
IRE-PROOF SAFE WITH BURGLAR
chest; cheep. D. N. HAWI.EY', 318 Markeu
OILERS, AND MACHINERY *
waterpipes. Mcintosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale!
EALSKINS AND PIANOS FOR SALE -HALF
O store prices. UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant aye.
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI.
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's * pro-
flu California Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
SE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
bitters In market: buy your wines, liquors. etc ■
at Bonanza Wine Vaults: free delivery city Oak.
land. Alameda.- PUTZMAN <fc SCHURMANN
prop.. 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 39 1!
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER,. SASHES*
1J doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. ■ 1166 Mission.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SI7K
fire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market su
LURE AND BURGLAR SAFE LETT Flu
J press, platform scales and desk : cheap 102 Clay
!f!a£^svsfttfg3iS!__sF
c _s£_u_ .ssssa gg^g.HOUSES TO LET.
#4n S?SET K^isßSaV'WWl__t_W
J&h. fi'^J- Tavl ? r a " a Broadway; 10 rooms and
bath: fine view. Apply 9-9 Broadway. •
rpoLF.T-A THOROUGHLY RENOVATED 9-
inh^it.s ou * , : m ° A * T , a Plumbing; porcelain bath-
tub: .lied sink. Apply at premises, -.620 --acra-
naeuto at., between 8 a. m. and & p. m.
APPRECIATED IF~ EN-829 SUTTER,
-- near Jones; choice for doctor or dressmaker.
ft SO it,?,VSf- 8 KOOMS, BATH: MODEBN.
tJO'U. 1723 Clay at., near Van Ness aye.
TTOUSE 7 BOOMS AND BATH; SEV-
-_-«- enteenth St.. near Valencia; rem $18.
rpo LET-HOUSE OF FIVE ROOMS. 4 ROSE
l a~e., near Market st.
"L- LEG AN l r SUNNY HOUSE: 8 ROOMS;
-L* large basement; reasonable. 816 McAllister!
-MOUSE OF 7 BOOMS; ALL MODERN - !.^
squar'™ DtS " 1216 Treat ** " °»* Garfield
TTOUSE OF 9 ROOMS AND BATH IN FINE
■*-- location; In good order ; _l427 Post st.
#10 S-?P SE OF 6 BOOMS: YARD; 735
x\j. Willow aye. Key at 1326 Eddy st. . 7.7.
IT OUSE OF 7 ROOMS, WITH ALL MODERN
J-A Improvements. 733 Turk st.
.-*!(*. f l VE~SUNNY ROOMS: BATH: 624
K. m. Locust aye., off Laguna st., nr. McAllister.
ft 4 5 L 731 BROADWAY. »K. GOUGH ST.-
- i- I*-'*1 *-'* House ,B rooms, with every convenience
in hot air furnace and marine view.
TO LET -AN ELEGANT NEW MODERN
J- house: 9 rooms, bath and finished basement;
\\-iti ,S 5? n -*" : marine view: rent reasonable.
ILL E. FISHER «_ CO., 14 Post st.
WE RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
I ».\v--^ < -L people right. BALD & HAM-
MOND .10 MonUomerv '
fcrnished houses. ~
ttpper" or lower^^flStT^f^rnTsh^d
v-' complete for housekeeping. 106 Devisadero.
TT ANDSOMELY FURNISHED 2-STORY AND
JLA basement house (Incandescent lighting) to let
from June Ito Sept.l. Call- 10 to 12 a.m. 517
Devisadero st., near Hayes: reasonable rent to
suitable party.
FURNISHED FLATS.
COTTAGES TO LET.
©11 -^f. SUNNY. COZY^COTTAOinFOUR
!_?.-*-~ •— 'v/. rooms: bath, garden; near park.
2< 16 McAllister st.
TEHAMA— COTTAGE 6 SUNNY ROOMS;
large yard : rent mo-lerate.
q AND 5 ROOMS: CHEAP. APPLY 2643 BUY-
«-> ant, near Twenty-fourth. r. '■ 7- .-;--;'
COTTAOK: 4 ROOMS AND SHOP TO LET;
1305 Ellis St. Inquire 1221 Laguna st.
O.LET-CO TTAGE IN TUEIMISSION:LARGE
yard; 4 rooms; rent cheap. 1304 Florida, above
Twenty-fifth; key corner grocery.
OUN NY 3-ROOM 1 OTTAGE: PLEASANTLY'
IO situsted: rear of 1615 Grove st.. near Lyon, "
r TO LET. _^
8 HOWARD i COURT, NR. FOURTH-UPPER
floor 6 sunny rooms, $14; lower 4 rooms, $13.
QD AND UP, HICB CLBAn" FLATS FOR"
<JQ good tenants. SPECK A CO.. 602 Market.
LOOK AT THESE COZY SUNNY UPPER
flats: 5 rooms and bath; marine view; 2 and 8
Hanover place, off Sacramento st., below Mason ;
key corner Mason. - '. .; "-;;, , * r
UN. NY FLAT: 3 ROOM*: MODERN IM-
provements; also stable. 1915 O'Farrell st. .
UPPER PART OF 2-STORY FLAT. 133 LILY
aye., key 136 Page st.
T7-LAT, 4 SUNNY ROOMS; 610 NATOMA ST.;
J $12. ■- J_
S9ft NEW DOUBLE BAY - WINDOW
0 — ". flats, modern. 6 rooms and bath- 15
Henry so., near Sanchez.
(jj»*i X upper DOUBLE BAY - window*
«3)J-«J. flat, 5 rooms ana bath. 747 Seventeenth
St., near Sanchez.
ANCHEZ, 544, NEAR NINETEENTH (FLAT
B)— 4 rooms; bath; sunny; decorated; modern.
ODERN FLAT: 7~ ROOMS, BATH. 1135
IVL Geary st., bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
OflA LILY AYE.— FOUR ROOMS AND BATH;
OU*i rent $14. Owner 111 Van Ness aye.
TTPPER FLAT. 3 BOOMS, $10. 29 BINGOLD
V- st., near Folsom and Ninth.
EsIRAELE SUNNY* COB. FLAT; 6ROOMS;
latest improvements. 1541 Eddy.
yl-J 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIR-
O-lO* teenth su, above Valencia.
©Q AND $12 — 2 4-ROOM FLATS; LARGE
«JiO yard. 1123 VaUejo su :..- -;-.-*■.
"I E/Y7FRANKLIN"sT.— 3UNNY FLAT OF 5
.1. <J\J i rooms and bath.
ENTRALLY LOCATED; 4 AND SBEAUTI-
fuI sunny rooms; L sl3 50 up. 1515' - ; Mission
St., near Eleventh. : - r >
I 1 qq HOWARD — NICE SUNNY 4-ROOM
J-JLOO flat; large yard; cheap rent.
OUR-ROOM FLAT; RENTS 9. 319 DORE ST.,
near Bryant.
C_*| = RENT; A BEAUTIFUL FLAT OF 5
•IT 1 0 rooms. 262 Clars.
LAT— IOI3 MCALLISTER ST.; 7 BOOMS;
bath; pantry; large yard.
OWER FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SONNY
side of street; rent $9 a month. 416 Ringold
St., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
"YEW - MODERN FLAT OF 7 ROOMS AND
J-i bath. 2517 Googh St., near Vallejo.
4-ROOMT MODERN - BAY-WINDOW FLAT;
yard. 315 Lombard st.
LEG ANT FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS; $20 TO
- $27 50; water free. 1315 steiner su, near Ellis.
C« 1 A NEW 3-ROOM FLAT: BATH; WASH-
•J'IU. stand; tubs; cheap. 1125b Oak at.
*1 Q(\ 7 STEINER, NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
-LOUI flat, 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
Q*|f» FINE MIDDLE FLAT. VERY LOW
<P-»-'-'. rent. 432 Seventh st., near Harrison.
79f»l MCALLISTER — FLAT; «5 ROOMS;
I __Ua modern improvements: rent reduced.
(JQ I HARRISON^ NEAR SIXTH — NEW
tJOX flat; rooms; all Improvements: cheap.
EDUCED BENT — 1241 TWENTY-THIRD
st., near Castro; modern sunny upper 6-room
flat; rent $16; water free.
EDUCED RENT— 23 PROSPER ST., OFF
Sixteenth, near Market: modern sunny upper
6-room flat; rent $16: water free.
ftlD CONVENIENT 7-ROOM FLAT: NO
O-iC* 4 - dark rooms; bath, closets and elevator;
at 946 Union su. Oakland. See KO 'NIG A
KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
9 ELEGANT FLATS J ft UOO Sis; ALL LATEST
-- improvements. 10 and 141 Grove.nr. City Hall.
5 m 822 HOWARD ST.. near fourth,
OiL- 12 rooms and bath. ASHTON, 411 Mont-
gomery at. ' •'
MODEBN SUNNY UPPER 4-ROOM FLAT
1694 Page St., cor. Clayton, Golden Gate Park.
ANTED — GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
»» flats: special terms; $10 up. SPECK A CO.,
602 Market su
E RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
treat people rlgbU BALDWIN A HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
EBSTER 207-209— SUNNY FLATS, 6 AND
7 rooms; rent $25. $27 60.
} ELEGANT NEW PLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
a low Brrant. 5 and 6 rooms, hath: $8 to $16.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Bryant Street.
A Of. BRYANT - ONE OR TWO SUNNY,
tOv' nicely furnished rooms complete for house-
keeping^ ._
Buchanan Street. -.* *A
1 O 1 7 BUCHANAN— TWO OR 3 SUNNY UN-
1 V JL 1 furnished rms. and bath for housekeeping.
BaKh Street.
1 AT Q BUSH— LARGE ALCOVE: PLEASANT
J 'Al O home: private family; reasonable; refnes.
"..-*-:-." Clay Street. .
1 CO7 CLAY, NEAR POLK-2 OR 3 FUR-
IO- I nished housekeeping rooms reasonable.
Clementina Street. 3^l'
Q/J9l CLEMENTINA, NR. FIFTH— 3 NEAT-
• )OZ2 ly furnished rooms for housekeepg; cheap.
Ellis Mreet.
'AQ ELLTS— PUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
■DUO room; complete for housekeeping: $10.
COO EL LI 8-4 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
O<J- rooms with bath.
7 Afi ELLIS— SUNNY PARLOR FLOOR OF 8
j I UP rooms; nicely furnished for housekeeping.
7% ELLIS ST. — UNFURNISHED SUNNY
•— " front alcove; also sunny back rooms.
Fifth Street.
QflQ FIFTH— NEW HOUSE: SUNNY BAY-
01/ U window room with kitchen; other rooms.
qrt-T FIFTH— B CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
-0«-0 keeping rooms, $18: single, $5. • ■■■■■• ,
Fillmore Street.
(Jlfj 2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
<3"IU. Ing rooms. 2208% Fillmore st., nr. Clay.
1 olfcom street.
Q7A FOLSOM ST.-NICELY FURNISHED
OIU rooms for housekeeping, double ana siugle;
reasonable. ■■■
1 A/lOa FO_SoM-LA RGB SUNNY KITCHEN
JLvtrOond bedroom: furnished for housekeef)-
Ing; $10. '■ ' ' 3 •■ ■■ ■
' •Geary St.: ccc.l ;* v *;- :
91 71 GEARY — LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
S.A. Is rooms; rent $7; koy at 217. .
Ooltiei. Gate Avenue. •
QQQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 4 SUNNY SEW.
000 ly furnished house-keeping rooms: bath. •
I'AO OOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY PUR-
U_:U, nished rooms for housekeeping.
'.* Hickory Avenue
-1 A /_» HICKORY AYE., COR. FRANKLIN-3
1 I/O suiiny iuraished rooms for housekpnt*; 15.
HOUSEKEEPING ItOOfltS - Continued.
... ... howani Street. ,
X.X.I 1 HOWARD - FURNISHED AND UN.
t^c-ia furnlsiml room for housekeeping: first
floor, upstairs; cheap.
7AO HOWARD -2 OR 3 LARGE SUNNY
lif j front rooms; nicely furnished ; housekeep-
ing; private. *.
80fii "°w A R D - FURNISHED HOUSE-
uu '- | g keeping rooms.
1 RO") HOWARD-FOUR SUNNY -'ROOMS;
1 OUxj rent cheap. -
*«yUe Street.
99(1 HYDE, BET. EDDY AND ELLIS-4
*J— VJ sunny front rooms, furnished, housekeepg.
Larkiu Street. '
1 OOf. LARK IN— PARLOR FLOOR: 8 SUNNY
x^/yc; furnished connecting rooms for house-
keeping; $..2 50; gas.
McAllister Street.
CO"! MCALLISTER— HOUSEKEEPING
k/jji. rooms, front and back 1 very reasonable.
iiiiini;t Street..
t\Aft MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
vJ^-VJ housekeeping; large yard.
- . Jii<.4i()P Afreet.
QKQ MISSION — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
<J_"»"7 nished housekeeping front rooms; cheap;
also single, $5. : ' ,
Ninth Street.
OA NINTH, NEAR MARKET — FRONT
_-" housekeeping, from 2 to 4 rooms; suites;
single; stove; gas; rent $12 up.
9*l NINTH— LARGE BAY-WINDOW FUB-
+*X nished room for housekeeping: single rooms.
"I O(i.A NINTH — FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
T^-Ua and single rooms from $1 to $10.
O'Farrell Street.
7AO O'FARRELL ST. — 3 UNFURNISHED
* yJO rooms for housekeeping; $7.* Call evening.
Polk Street. .77:.
QO7 POLK. COR. O'FARRELL— 2 BEAUTI-
O--' * ful front rooms: en suite or single.
Second Street.
"I "J X SECOND - L ARG E UNFURNISHED
lit) room for housekeeping on Minna st. : cheap.
Seventh Street.
"J Oft SEVENTH — 2 LARGE FURNISHED
-LOU front housekeeping rooms; veranda and
yard. ...
1 49 SEVENTH— SUNNY FRONT SUITES;
-L _;— ' also single and housekeeping rooms; cheap.
Stocktou Street.
Of Cl STOCKTON— 2 BUNNY ROOMS FOR
Olt)*" housekeeping; rent $11.
"I R9(l STOCKTON-2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS;
XO^iXJ complete for housekeeping-, cheap.
Taylor Street. 3.3
"I AQ TAYLOR— SUNNY PARLORS; HOUSE-
-L\»l7 keeping, If desired: double room, $8.
Third Street.
qq^ THIRD— 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
-00 jC keeping rooms; water free: rent $6 and $7.
X.A A THIRD, cor. SOUTH park— FUß-
"li' nished housekeeping rooms. '
Van >esn Avenue.
"I A9"| VAN NESS AYE., COR. GEARY— A
-LU^jJL suite of 3 front sunny rooms with kitchen i
and gas stove; bath and all furnished.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
-"V WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for marline.
ROOMS TO LET.
A-ightH Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
st., near Market; furnished aud unfurnished.
IIC EIGHTH— SUITE OF 3 NICELY FUR-
-11« nished rooms: gas, running wa er, grates,
corner Day-window; sun all day; $3 50 per week.
Eleventh Streeet.
TO LET— LARGE FRONT BOOM. ALSO
small- room; furnished or unfurnished. 11l
Eleventh st.
Ellis Street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot and cold
water.
A9Q ELLIS — PARLOR SUITE SUITABLE
j**D for doctor or family; also single room.
Fifth Street.
IM 7 FIFTH-PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR
X\J i nished rooms. I ■■',.*.. ■^''■ ; :^r:/ ; '-. '■-':"■.:
* olsom Street.
I A /L 9 FOLSOM — SUNNY BAY WINDOW
JLU*±«j rooms fori or 2; bath; also housekeeping.
Geary Street.
Aqq GEARY —FRONT DOUBLE ROOM;
yxOO nicely furnished: running water; closets.
£>9' GEARY— FRONT ROOM FOR
D— lor 2 gentlemen; private family; refer-
ence.
HE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
handsomely furnished suites and single rooms
also suitable apartments for physician, 1101
Geary st., cor. Van Ness aye.
; Golden Gate Avenue.
QOA GOLDEN GATE AYE.-LARGE SUNNY"
0--U alcove; 2 gents or couple; $20; also single,
88 Up. * •-*:-,:-■■ -:
1 fi^kC. GOLDEN v GATE AYE. — 1 UNFUR-
XUOt/ nished sunny front room; running water.
Grove Street..
I f»-r ROVE-NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
llf<J front rooms; $7 50 and $8.
Howard Street.
747 HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS:
111 double and single; cheap. '-■-.-,:_ -;
QIQ HOWARD — FRONT PARLOR; PRI-
-010 vase family.
Hyde Street.
QJOO HYDE — NICE FRONT ROOM; ALSO
o—.o other rooms; gas and bath.
■Jessie street. 777
Q-l 9 JESSIE- ST. — NEATLY FURNISHED
Ox— rooms; with or without kitchen.
.Jones Direct.
90,7 ""ONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
— '/ I management: elegant tunny suites and
tingle: newly furnished; bath, etc.: 810 to 830.
AOft JONES— SUNNY FRONT ROOM; NICE-
yk~\J ly furnished: rent reasonable.
Kearny Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
in «very respect: terms reasonable.
Market street.
VOBKMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
I night, 36c to $1; week, $1 50 to $5: families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, NEAR MASON—
rooms; $5 and $6.
Mason street.
fr-l "I MASON— LARGE SUNNY ROOM, BATH,
OIL gas; single room; private family.
3. in n Mreei.
m MINNA, COB. SECOND, AND 81 NA-
toma, cor. Second— Furnished rooms; very
clean: prices reasonable; new owner.
aai MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
00 I furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
;."-.•",-,*?"■; li.ssion ■*treei. 7..7
Q*| 7 MISSION— SUN NY ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
-01 keeping; bath: ail conveniences.
UROPE HOUSE, .1109 MISSION— NICELY
XJ furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
-1 Q-l 9 MISSION* — NICELY FURNISHED,
JOl_ suitable for 2, $10; single room, $5.
' Pine street.
/391 PINE— PLEASANT BUNNY ROOMS $5
')_. 1 up: gas: running water; quiet house.
Folk Street.
-I 7 POLK -FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS,
X 1 or single; also housekeeping: $4 to $12.
-1 -1 QQ POLK (NEW BUILDING), CORNER
J _LOO Sutter— Sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms. ■ * ■ -
33.3*... Font Street.
■7fif_ POST, NW. COR. JONES — LARGE
IUU sunny alcove, suitable for one or two gen-
tlemen. "
Powell Street. .
OOQ POWELL — SMALL SUNNY ROOM
--.-i for gentlemen: $10. . L_____
aflO.* POWELL ST., NEAR BUSH, RIGHT IN
DUD town— Large, sunny front room suitable for
lor 2 gentlemen. , ..■■■-
Buss Street.
jl BUSS— FRONT AND BACK PABLOB;
41 elegantly furnished^ - - ■■
■' second Street.
-r SECOND— NICE FRONT BOOMS FOR
00 housekeeping: single and double; $1 up.
" Sixth Street.
m SIXTH — CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
XiL L double and single rooms. ■ . ■ . *
SteveiiHon Street.
.of*: STEVENSON, NR. FIFTH— ELEGANT
4^o large rooms: yard; basement; first floor.
Stockton Street. :
A 6*l A STOCKTON— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS:
IoJ-"ir single; en sul te ; also doctor's otlice ; cheap.
~ , putter Street.
THE ALEXANDRIA, 781 BUTTER-ELE-
gant rooms; first-claas dining-room; elevator.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 27. 1896.
ROOaiS TO I,ET-Continued.
.Taylor Street. _,
1 4Q TA YLOR— NEWLY FURNISHED
-Lytu front rooms; sunny; rent reasonable.
* 'iiilrtl SrreS; ' 7?-7y .7 7-
WINCHESTKR HOUSE-44 THIRD. NEAR
, » Market: most convenient and respectable: 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 per night: *1 50 to $6 per week;
eiectric lights la every room: reading r*m : free bus.
r Turk Street. ■ / '*
I "I "I ft BEAUTIFUL SUNNY SUITE;
11" newly furnished; single; with convenleri-
; ces; board optional. ...
UNFURNISHED EiOJIS.
39X FIPrIT33^^N FURNISHED^ "ROOMS",
--«-" with water.
ft OX JESSIE, BET. SEVENTH AND EIGHTH
'•»)♦* —a unfurnished rooms and bath.
BOARDING AND' "ROOMS.
ft 49 FOLs6li3-NliC^YT :^Nfslli3r^uSr-
U"±«_ ny room with board; reasonable.
QqC POST, NR. NICELY FURNISHD
vj'JiJ large front room; good board; 1 or 2 gents.
TWENTIETH. BET. VALENCIA AND
Guerrero— Alcove front, or smaller room with
board; first class; private family. .
0-| 9 EDDY' (HEATH)— SUNNY BAY-WIN-
iJXZj dow rooms, suitable for gentlemen; very
reasonable; board; reference*.
7"! A GEARY— HANDSOME FRONT ALCOVE
I X l_f suit with excellent home table, suitable for
two; also large rooms for two gems; very reason-
able. - • ,
994 TURK— FURNISHED BOOMS, WITH
board; private family.
"VTICELY FURNISHED ROOMS: UNSUR-
-t> passed for neatness and comfort; 50a, 75c and
$1 per day; $2, $2 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to
$30 mo. Hackmeler's Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 60
week. $16 a month, at Hackmeler's Hotel.
HACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST.;
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG. pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
OTEL BERT LINO. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; allmod-
> m ronvenlenees. *
CHILDREN BOARDED.
\\T ANTED— A^TfTTTE"3Snu7 TO^OAR^
»» terms reasonable: fine home. Address A. C.
SCHLEY, Haywards. Cal.
ANTED— I OK 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
" good home. 1043 Valencia st.
9 CHILDREN TO BOARD; NOT UNDER 5
■«- years: good home; best of care. 2016 Folsom.
p ERMAN LADY WOULD LIKE TO TAKE
vy care of a child: nice home. 2612 Manchester.
ANTED- 1 OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD
»* with respectable people; good home. 1508"/2
Central aye. ■ *
stores to let.
/ "I ROCERY' AND LIQL"T)R^sToRE ANIT~_!
VT rooms: rent cheap: good stand. Apply 19
Zoe st., bet. Third and Fourth, Bryant and Bran-
nan. , '.•'.•.:'*.
9 STORES AND BASEMENT; ADAPTED TO
— piano business; SE. cor. Leavenworth and Ellis
sis.; to let. JOHN A. SCHMIDT, 425 Ellis St.
"j\T\V. COR. PACIFIC AND HYDE— STORE
x> and -J rooms, suitable for drugstore.
OFFICES TO LET.
SPRECKEL3 BUILDING, 927 , market^
0 Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
- . —
STABLES TO LET.
*}"»EAUTIFUL LABGE STABLE; 2414 CALI-
-• > fornia st. ; rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chron-
Iclc building. ■ -
musical instruments.
a3Tn7Fic-I?nt^pbig^ PIANO;! BEAU-
tiful tone and case; must be sold at once De-
cause of unfortunate conditions. 809 Market st.,
room 10. ,
C TEINWAY; FINE ORDER; SACRIFICED.
■-^809 Market St., room 81.
BE FOREB SEEHAINEBROS.', BUSH
& Gerts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 324 Post st.
CJ» C' INSTALLMENTS WILL BUY3a"BRAND-
<tD O new Upright oak piano. 221 Leavenworth.
BIGGEST BARGAIN EVER OFFERED FOR
Steinway upright; perfect. 1359 Folsom st.~
"L*iINE STEINWAY PIANO SACRIFICED AT
A once by party forced to sell. See it at room
10, 809 Market st,
IJUY' A NEW PIANO, $200; SECOND-HAND
-iJ uprights, $150. At MAUVAIS', 769 Market st. j
A SHAW, $675: STEINWAY, $215; SQUARE,
■A Slip; rented $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
1 YECKEifBROS., STEINWA V FISCHER AND
XJ other first-class makes of pianos: little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. ■ KOHLER Jt
CHASE. 28 and 80 O'Farrell at. _^_-
EASY TERMS;. LOW PRICES. KOHLER - *
- CHASE. ,*. _ -.*.*■
Q,l OX EASTERN UPRIGHT 3-STRINGKD
<*P TOO. Weber; $360. BRUENN, 228 Post st.
<E*l9X UPRIGHT PIANO: GOOD CONDI-
vJDX^iO. Hon; cash or installments. 106 Mc-
Allister st.
qjQi PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
tlpOO. 16 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank.
LL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money; Investigate these prices and be con-
vinced; the new seven-bar autobarp $6; the five-
bar autobarp $4; a seventeen Inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the nrixe-winner guitar
$3 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 60;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187; one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market at-, Snreck-
el's building.
RRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
gradeT. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st.
\\," M. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL. ROOM L
'» first floor; sole agents Ilallet & Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or installments. *
pONOVER PIANO: AS GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. The Jf. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st. ■
HICKERINO, KNABE, STECR.VOSE, STER-
llng pianos; see our Dew piano for $187; pianos
ior rent. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'FarrelL
CJ»I 7PL CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
rjpx iU. upright: perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER,
Newby A Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
OUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLU&NEW
-~ H. M * I.I.KTt. maker, repairer. 2 Latham nlaca.
MEDICAL. ~
G. WOOD,' MIDWIFE; CURES ALL DlS-
eases of the womb, paralysis, rheumatism,
dropsy, liver and kidney troubles, malaria, cancers
and tumors; cure guaranteed. 230 Clara St., near
Fifth.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE,
don't fall to see MRS. DR. PUETZ, 254y 2 4th.
A LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
-M- stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement; regular -graduate
physician; 30 years* successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
Ladies - GERMACIDE capsules pre-
vents. safe, sure; pills no longer required-
sl6o per boa. G. S. P. Co., 1031 Market st.. M. p.
1 CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PEN- |
Xj nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable: take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars, '-Relief for Ladies," In letter by return
mail; at druggists Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INHTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day:
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A BLESSING LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest 'Improved method of treatment:
nerer fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately : prices to suit
the times; home In . confinement. DR. <_ MRS.
DAY lES, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Hank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $-_;.
ADIES, CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT.
- 216 Powell st. ; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
R, hall, 14 McAllister STREET, near
'Jones. - Diseases of women and children.
ADIES— DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA-
-4 ting pills; stronzest, safest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBEB'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st,,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents.
URE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a. home in confiuemeut
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWY'EK, 226 Turk st. '
MRS. DR. WEGENER, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation: pills $2. 419 Eddy su
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day ; cure or no charge; separate
home for patients: best skill; medical attend-
nee: low lees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market st.
HOME, A FRIENOAND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth Bt..Alamcda.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
ladles troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, tal.
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVED— DR.* C. d 'O'DONNELL TO 1203
Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty. -
Di 1 N'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. ; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
~~~ SEWINIi MACHINES. ~"
IMPROVED 3h I SINGER SEWING
machine, with all attachments; $15. 2437 Mis-
sion st-, near Twenty-first. . . ; . -j.;v.*
KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth si.
■ -
PERSONALS.
T. UTIE— COME HOME OIUWRITE-O 5T 333~
JL-< MAMA.a
"LOR ADOPTION-BEAUTIFUL BLUE-EYED
X baby boy; 10 months old; to family who can af-
ford good home. Address F. A., box 76. Call Office.
TOW PRICE —25c FOR HAIRDRESSING
J J does not mean Inferior work m mv case; 1
have the very best artists in the city in my em-
ploy alia 1 give the most satisfactory and up-to-
date service. G. LEDERER, 111 tytockton st.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, removed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JaUSSAUD.
I~N FORMATION W A NTED— THE ADDRESS
or Information of ALICE ALLISON (or EL-
LISON); maiden name ALICE DBOGE; last heard
of in Fresno, Cal. Address D. BRUNS, guardian,
Emeryville, Alameda County, Cal.
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private: no charste unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections., wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended to. G.W. HO WE. atty-at-iaw, 860 Market st
ANTED— OLD GOLD FOR MANUFACTUR-
ing. NOLTE, jeweler and watch 222 O'Farrell.
DON'T 1 HINK BECAUSE MY PBICE— 2SC-
Is cheap for halrdresslng, that the work isalso
cheap; I guarantee up-to-date service LEDERER,
111 Stockton su _^_
ICTURE FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9
inches, 10c: Bxlo anil 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and 12
Xl 6, 20c; 14x17. 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 35c- 20x
24, 45c; 22x28 Inches. 60c JONES, 547 Mission.
ffl_ 1 A ROOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
~Jj?i- floor. 206 Leavenworth st.
EMPLE OF BEAUTY. 923 MARKET ST.,
opposite Mason— California laurel hairdye and
removing superfluous hair si ecialties.
IG OUTDOOR STKR EOPTICON SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
\\T ILL T. VALENTINE.MERCH A NTTAILOR,
" removed from 9 Powell st. to 616 Geary st. •
AUD— THE COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
Oflice 48 Sutter St., phone main 49. SAM.
R. PRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM
227 Geary to V.M.C.A. blda.r. 2,tel.maln 5477.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM—
- chester House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry.
SK YOUR -"DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Pancr-banglng Company, 635 McAllister st.
OLD GOLD. SILVER. ""GENTS'" - AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partington, R.L.Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
THE ECONOMY" MILLINERY. RED FRONT.
40, 46 Sixth: children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressod 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 5c
1 l\oo CARDS, $1 60: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
1 V i\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary St., r. 39.
IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc 1 lowest rates. 948 Market st.
CLOAKS. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Sansome su. upstairs.
DRESSMAKERS. ~~
RESSES S2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENri"\jF;
lawn $1 up. 605~G. Natoma sr., above sixth.
_—-————___ ...
CLAIRVOYANTS.
* A— A
•_■-. 50 cts and $I—so cts and $I—so cts and $1.
THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME
TO CONSULT THE GREAT CLAIRVOYANT
AND MEDIUM PROF. F. EUGENE.
1728 MARKET ST.
The professor during his long residence in *-an
Francisco has met with unprecedented success,
He could refer you to people all over the world for
testimonials as to his wortb, but it is not neces-
sary to search the extremetles of the earth
when he can refer you to thousands in your midst
who have been made prosperous and happy
through his wise advice; ask your prosperous
neighbor who started him aright. Investigate and
you will find that your business rival is one of his
many patrons.
'•Nothing succeeds like success," and if you
would be successful call on him without delay; it
costs practically nothing: SOc and $1, and 91,
50c and $1. 60c and $1, 50c and $1 is his price
at present, no more than you would pay an un-
known clairvoyant or a partially developed
medium.
His readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professor gives advice on ail
matters that are of interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investments, Insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settles lovers'
quarrels and causes speedy and happy marriages.
He locates mines and buried treasures, find* lost
or stolen property, interprets dreams, cures bad
habits and destroys evil influences in half the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Bemember. there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
Side of the eminent professor in San Francisco.
Remember PROP. EUGENE'S communications
come direct from the Spirit World, hence his in-
ability to be mistaken in any matter.-
Remember also that the Professor is perma-
nently located in San Francisco: he is here to stay.
Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Letters containing
stamps answered. PROF. EUGENE,
728 Market st.
TARTLING! r
STARTLING!
BEWITCHING! BEWILDERING !
MARVELOUS!
Multitudes daily visit the sumptuous n«rlors of
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE, 220 EDDY ST.
And why is It? The record made by this greatest
of mediums 7 years ago is reproduced upon his re-
i turn, and the grand truths he then expounded left
indelible Imprints on the minds of studious people.
During the years of absence from cur great city
the professor has visited every city of importance,
and has been consulted by the most eminent ex-
ponents of every art and science. He at all times
Invites skeptics to call .on nim, and he will con-
vince them that he Is sincere and truthful in all
that he claims to do. The professor believes that
"Honesty is the best policy," and desires your con-
fidence on all matters incidental to humanity. If
your existence possesses the many intricacies
which need unraveling he is prepared to show
you the way. If false friends surround or beset
your path you will find his marvelous powers of
the utmost avail. His vast experience in giving
advice on business, mines, speculations of any
kind, games of chance, changes, lawsuits, wills
old estates, lost or stolen property, | interpreting
dreams, curing bad habits, and guiding you
from all troubles or dangers; also, indispensable
advice on love, marriage and how to choose a
wife or husband for future happiness or success.
This, together with the work be performs in re-
uniting the separated, causing a speedy marriage
with the one you dearly love, healing family
troubles, removing evil influences, etc., Is the
safest guarantee that he is. once and for all the
most brilliant medium and clairvoyant of modern
times. Thus it is that professional men and so-
ciety leaders seek his advice; thus it is that a
heavy mall is dally his. The grandest test of all
is to seek him personally and you will find him to
be the magnetic medium of the people. Letters
with stamps promptly answered. Hours, 9 to 9
daily and Sundays.
MM RAVENNA RE A LIFE FLUENTLY:
tips on races: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
ME. PORTER, CARD- KEADi.it; TELLS
past, present, future: ladies 60c. gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st.
MINNIE ADA PALMIST AND
life reader; names given; 26c 43 Minna st.
ISS MELVIN A, CLAIRVOYANT! PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 766V_ Howard si.
IJROF. LEON. 1007 MARKET, NEAR SIXTH—
J- Wonderful power; gives advice on business,
love, marriage, divorce, etc. letters wKh stamp
answered; hours 9 to 8 daily; also Sunday.
/'! Y'PSY MEDIUM -SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
tdays Included); 25c up. 946 Mission ; lira 10 to 9.
ME. SY'BILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee 26 cents. 914 O'Farrell _>t.
ME. MORE A U. BEST MEDIUM; BEVEALB
past,presentand future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
EOF. ZANZIC, RELIABLE MEDIUM, CLAIR.
voyant and palmist. Parlors 816 Ellis st.
ETURNED, WOBLD-RENOWNED . MME.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 866 Mission.
RS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
dium and card-reader. 1 132 Turk st.
MMX. AKKIIT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
erand clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter;
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage: ladles or gents 50c. 017 Market, 3 and 4.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC VEAL-
er by, eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice;, sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible; fee $1; letter *2. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
SPIRITUALISM. ~~~
otdTer sadTe m atlerialTz ing~ SE-
ance to day, 12 o'clock m., 535 Post: 50c. . i
YOHR PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE AT A
1 glance (ladles only): 25c 230 Clara, nr. Fifth.
L ONELLA— ONE OF THE MOST WONDER-
fuI mediums of the age; just from the - East;
she created a sensation East and also in Europe
through her mediumship; all are Invited to call;
she remains with you but a short time; do not re-
main in darkness, but seek the light of truth; wis-
dom is power. 318 Kearny St., room 18. ■'
RS. ;J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: . sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
ASTROLOGY.
\|ME exoduJsT^T^cl^vTrvoyant! re^
II A. moved to 1003 Mission St., nr. Sixth: fee 60c.
, attorneys-
dvic^3fr"ee— FiTorue"iXwTX3ppeci-
alty ; private; . no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, I collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to.; G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. i*so Market.
MJ. , NOLEN, ATTO~RNEY-AT-LAW. 719
• Market st. : advice free.
rp J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
J. . law; advice free 24 Sixth at., rooms 14, 15.
Ty W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 420
11 . California st., rooms 14 and 15; advice tree.
CITY REAL /ESTATE. '
A^tKErSraEET PKOPERT V. ""
READY' FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x30.
' near Valencia. •
Rare chance for Investors to buy below the mar-
ket value, save commission* and time. Address
1010 leaven worth st. . ■
<Dll QOO COTTAGE; 3 ROOMS; LOT 60x13*):
-L OUU. lv Berkeley, near station: payments
easy. ■ s • --*'
$1100— Cottage; 3 rooms; lot 75x125.
Handsome corner; 100x100: $15
monthly. ■*- • :
$200— Lot 25x133 : $10 down; $5 monthly.
CHAS. a. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery su
(]>% PER LOT, 25x100; SAN BRUNO ROAD;
♦IT^-U &y 3 miles from Palace Hotel: patent title;
S. P. B. K. shore line will cross tract, make it busi-
ness property; 15 minutes distant: some day
worth $1000 a lot; deed, map and abstract $1. A.
WHEELER, 331 Montgomery St., room 10.
MODERN 2-STORY' DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500;
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
OB SALE-SW. COR. OF FOLSOM AND 21ST
sts.; 95x90 ft.; cheap for cash: also SW. 20th
and Treat aye.: 25x110 tt. Inquire 1205 Market.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
<5_ 1 ? • 500^ DO wN » * 00- acre" RANCH;
tjpl «JUU. well fenced; farmhouse, barn and
orchard. ,
$1660— 50-aere ranch in Scotts Valley, Lake
County; 30 acres in alfalfa; bouse and running
water.
$550—160 acres; 100 level: house, barn and run-
ning water. , CHAS. COLTON, 606 Market st.
established..... 16 years
• N. D. sickels
THE 7. .•*•-■>■■';;
land AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions): most reliable,
largest and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America,
620 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
TTV AS VALLEY; 20 MILES S. OF SaN JOSE,
VJ 4 miles west ot Morganbill; 60 acres or more;
large furnished house with concert graud piano:
beautiful grounds, interspersed with oak trees; 2
cottages: pavilion 60x80 feet; bored well, wind-
mill, horsepower, 2 6000-gallon tanks: water piped
to house: stable; horses, cows, pigs, chickens and
implements for working the place; Improvements
cost over $12,000: will take part cash, the re-
mainder in city property. For particulars apply to
E. McCURRIE, Lloyd Tevis' office. Mills bid?, H. F
©C'.a'l COTTAGE OF 7 ROOMS AND
ts)oo\J\J. bath, corner lot 113x135, 2 blocks
from depot; 8 acres garden land In Ross Valley,
orchard and running stream,, old Improvements,
$3000. Address J. TUNSTEaD, San Rafael.
BEAUTIFUL BAY VIEW FARM, 160 ACRES;
ail tillable, fenced and crossfenced; 100 acres ;
of fine wheat; 30 acres of summer fallow; family
orchard; windmill and tank capacity 2000 gal-
lons; 5 head of horses; all farming Implements;
6 room cottage; 2% miles from river and railroad
station; Contra Costa Count y; $9000. Apply to
FRANK M. WILLS, Antloch. Cal.
6 ACRES— WARD-*: IMPROVED; WILL
exchange; $5600. PHIL BRICK, 2548 F0150m.
ALU ABLE CONTRA" COSTA COUNTY
V lands for sale on easy terms.
C AAA ACRES; RANCnO BOCA DE LA CAN-
\J\J\J\J ada del Pinole: 12 miles east of Berk eley,
near narrow-gauge railroad.
"I 300 ACRES OF CHOICE LEVEL LAND
l""" adjoining Son Pablo railroad depot and
bordering on the bay of San Francisco.
OaA ACRES CHOICE VINEYARD LAND
OUt/ adjoining the famous vineyards of the
Mount Diablo and Glen Terry wine companies at
Clayton, Cal. _
Also 2 tracts of 665 acres each within 3 miles of
the Pinole railroad station. Appiv to the owner,
SIMON BLUM, Martinez.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER AWH ITTON. Kan Josa.
ffljQ AN ACRE; 320 ACRES. HOUSE. FENCES,
«IrO fertile soil, living water, plenty of wood;
crops never fail; good for stock, grain, fruit, poul-
try, etc.: terms easy: no snow: no chills. M. A.
GRIFFIN, real estate agent, Cottonwood, Shasta
County. Cal.
ABIN COUNTY*— SOOO ACRES HO MILES
iron. San Francisco.
Rancho de Novate.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ncr acre; terms made
10 suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows. ; 7
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 66 Chronicle building.
ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN : I>T
proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly Improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWiNG, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market st. S. F.
RANCHES TO LET.
CHICKEN RANCH; LARGE HOUSE, WITH
'bath, hot and cold water: fruit trees: lOacres
of pasturage. Address M. RYAN. Sonoma City.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
ffij^O /".AO MORTGAGE $16 OOO; 1920
tJpOUiUUU. acres, Placer County; improved
stock ranch; exchange for city property.
DEC-EBB. 1020 Market st. ■ - .-.
CA VACANT - LOTS, PRICES FROM
O\J $150 to $4,000
20 houses and lots, from $1250 t0..... 10,000
50 ranches; all sizes; fromsl()Cto 30,000
20 bouses: Oakland, Alameda; $1000 t0... 8,000
100 business places; all kinds; from $50 to 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels: from $200 to ' 3,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
I SELL AND EXCHANGE : : — .
All kinds of property. .
H. I*. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
FIVE-EIGHTHS-ACRE CITY PROPERTY;
Santa Ana; exchange for Oakland or San Fran-
cisco; value $1000. Address 1010 Leavenworth.
i "OR SALE" OR EXCHANGE— ON LINE OF
X San Joaquin Valley Railroad: 2 miles from
town ou Southern Pacific: 640 acres good farming
laud; school on place. Address Owner, 3o3 Clay St.
A LOTS IN THE MISSION FOR SALE CHEAP,
"1 or in exchange for rooming-house or business.
Apply 111 Liberty st. .
rpo EXCHANGE FOR GOOD CITY PROP-
i- erty— 3o acres at Vacaville; all bearing in the
oest kinds of fruit: rents for $1500 per annum.
Address T. F., 434 Tenth St., city.
TIOR SALE OR TRADE— FOUR CHOICELY
X located lots in Berkeley within four blocks of
Dwight "w ay Station. Apply PU.ILBRICK, 2548
Folsom sU i '■■-•.--. .-v
1 980 ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
1 — t'' ' water; line for cattle-raising. N..hx.16.f all
MONEY TO loan.
BIG CAPIT^rLT7N~TRU^?rXr~^
the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Ca1l Office.
A~~DVA C ON LIFE INSURANCE. LEGA-
cies. pianos: lowest rates. 215 Sansome, rm 5.
OANS ON . FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
VrpRTOAGES, LOANS ON COLLATERA IS;
lX low rates. sylvain Saioman A C 0. ,328 Montgy
ffIj"JAA AAA TO LOAN ON LIFE INSUR-
rIp-LUU.UUU ance policies; money placed in
paying mines. JOSEPH P. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine.
ST A 2D MORI GAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
J-tates -.lowest rates;no deIay. MURPHY. Mrk:.
A DVANCESON DIAMGNDS.JE WELRY, ETC
/y Columbia Ix>:in A collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
\ N V AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
-A. estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate. Mr-roLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
-MILNE.' loaned ON jewelry AND
lU other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1 Kit* .Market s:..nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT ON "YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
ho removal no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. Rm. 68. Donohue bids, 1170 Market su
PAWNBROKERS.
T~~I26~KEARNY I ST.. b6oM~9^MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates : pri-
vate rooms*, elevator: pled.es for sal 1 cheap.
FINANCIAL.
T^nlcßOOKs33i WA!^SO~MFfBAN^" BOOKS
' '. of banks ln liquidation, lor cash. J., box 81,
Call Office. .. .*-- * -
F" OR SALE— 2 SECOND MORTGAGES; FACE
value $2150: firsi-class security ; at a discount.
Address M. J., box 57, Call.
money wanted. ~™
I ANTED— TO morrow $300 ON UNQUES-
'». tionable security; will pay big interest. Ad-
dress HICKOK A CO., 873y 2 Market st. ,
000 WANTED ON INTEREST BY A
"JpxUUU manufacturing firm established 25
years. Address M.. box 133. Call Office. ■*-
LOST.
L"~7)ST^SI L VEIT LINKED |B RACED ET; Re 3
turn to 1368 Market and receive reward. ■■
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE : IRKK.MA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of HELEN D. . DALGLEiSH, No.
188,956. The Under will please return to bank.
OST— ON THURSDAY', APRIL 16, PARROT;
talks English, French and Spanish: flew from
corner of California and ■ Scott Bts. Finder will
nlease return to 2632 California st., and receive
reward. - ..-■■• ■_■ ■ ... ; ■ - ■ -■■ ... .
3 FOUND*. --:.--■
: tioUND^CO«V IN^III"I7JE~OPiC~TW^
■P mile bonse. Mission rond. ' ' "■' ' * '•■ -.--
STORAGE.
LOWEST RATES^UR^rTItEi PIANOS^
household goods, etc. J. M. Pierce, 735 Market.
TT , H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
J. • reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
A . B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
XV.. low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN A CO.. 751 and 753 Market sU *
APPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNl-
ture. etc. SUllth. A 1 KEK. 747 Market.
BUILDING AND \ LOAN ASSOCIATION
ONTINENT AL~BUILDI G^A^b"LOAa3As3
sociation— Home office 222 Sansome sU, S. F.
General savings A loan business Ed. E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver Eldridge, V-l'r. ; W. Corbln, Sec. A Gen. Man.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ,
ATTENTION BUILDERS — PARTIES DE-
niring to build homes or houses to rent will find
It to their advantage to call on us at once: special
attention given to alterations or repairs; plans and
specifications furnished free of charge. A. H
BLOW. 1010 Broadway. . - /
TfOR SALE-ONE OF THE BEST-PAY
A produce businesses on the coast: an opportunity
of your life: call at once. T. K. ANDERSON, 463
Ninth St., Oakland.
/GENUINE BARGAIN — LOT 30x150. ON
VJ Webster St.. near Fourteenth, with Improve-
ments: no reasonable offer refused. For full par-
ticulars apply immediately 8., box 7, Call Oflice,
Oakland.
"ftl ( '00 CASH WILL BUY A BEAUTIFUL
■unJ-OUL" cottage of 6 rooms and bath; large lot:
in the prettiest spot in East Oakland. For bar-
gains in Oakland and Fruitvale properly see E.
HILL, 34 Donohoe building, a. F.
I OOK! $100! LOTS ON INBTALLAIENTS:
J no interest; near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
L"OR SALE— 20-ACRE FRUIT RANCH IN
X choicest suburbs near Haywards; will sell
whole or part; fine home: Income property, with
6-room cottage; large garden. Also for sale or ex-
change, 4*/_( acres full-bearing orchard; without
Improvements^ causa of selling, death In family.
MRS. A. C. SCH.'xEY, Havwards. Cal. No agents.
HAVE YOU ?100, $200, $300 OR **(500 THAT
|yon want to make as a first payment on a
beautiful new home; ten minutes from town:
electric-cars pass the doer? If so address WM. P.
TODD, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tion; 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
ras and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tion^ .* ■ -
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
POR^ALET~ : ~
$ 2-.00— 550 cash: $22 50 monthly; 6 rooms and
bath: new colonial cottage.
$2800— No cash; $25 monthly; 35x100; corner
house: 6 rooms and bat':.
.sBooo— sso cash; $30 monthly: 33:4x100; 5
roons and bath: handsome new cottage.
$3500-$2OO cash: $30 monthly: 33x150: 6
rooms and bath; elegant cottage on principal
driveway.
$S5OO-$lOO cash: $35 monthly. 33x100; 7
rooms and bath; handsome colonial cottage.
. HOUSES TO LET— FROM $10 UP.
All the above bouses are situated on* Improved
streets, near schools and stations; gas, sewer and
water connections perleot. .-:
TO LET. .
Elegant, sunny and perfectly new stores, with
rooms in rear and flats above If desired; rent rea-
sonable; location central; at stations and on prin-
cipal streets.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
JIARCUSE A REMMEL, Bav-st station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Af arket st, aF. . .
<2>ftAoo EQUITY INBPLENDIDALAAIEDA
I trtKJVJ. city residence property (2 houses) to
exchange for good unincumbered farming lands;
Alameda or Santa Clara counties preferred. Ad-
dress with particulars Farmer, room 8, floor 8,
ills building, S. F. ■
OOK -$360 FOR LOTS HALF A BLOCK
from Park st., Alameda, on installments: fine
location. H.B. PINNEY, 902 liroadway, Oakland.
©I 7 P..! MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
tip A i O\J. and bath; $100 cash, $20 per month.
No. 736.
$3600 NE. cor.: new; Brooms and bath: open
plumoiug, etc.: $250 cash, $30 a month. No. 73«.
83100— $100 cash, $25 a month; fine 6-room cot-
tage; 10t40x126; nice grounds. No. 606.
$5000— Elegant new bouse: 8 rooms: must be
sold: $500 cash, $40 per month. No. 671.
$2800— Snap: $160 cash. $25 per month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 762.
$3500— New modern '-"-story: 7 rooms and bath;
$250 cash. $30 per month. No. 662.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO., 1432 Park St., Alameda.
<li. 9 .V^A NEW COLONIAL COTTAGE OF 6
«IP^«JUU. or 7 rooms: $300 cash, $40 per
month. J. H. YOUNG. 1213 Park St., Alameda.
"VJ E W COLON I A L HOUSE' OP 7 LARG~E
XI rooms, just completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west from Pork St.; lot 36x140; rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed : parlor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els in doors; plate glass throughout: beautiful
brick mantel ln dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement; elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this bouse, as lam
sure if you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
_. AL GRAY, 463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
ARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
easy terms: 4, 6, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-
story dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up;
$160 cash; balance on easy roouthlv payments to
suit. Address A. R. DEN KE, real estate, archi-
tect and builder, 1503 Seventh st., Alameda.
<5i i 00 TO * ° DOWN, ?25 MONTHLY; NEW
"UP 1 \J\J 6 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, tciool, etc ; with large
lot: $2400 to $3000: send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1600
Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
QtO-Qnfl i 6-ROOM COTTAGePVsOO^CASH
HDjjO\J\J. and $26 per month.
$2760— 5-room cottage; $250 cash and $25 per
month.
$3000— broom house; $200 cash and $25 per
month.
If we have nothing on band to suit you will
build to order on easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD CO.. 1364 Park St.. Alameda.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
and building, 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
FOR SALE— LABGE LOT IN~BERKELEY;
115x300 feet.
NE. corner on Brush St.: lot 75x110.
26-foot lot on San Pablo aye.; 60 feet on Tele-
graph aye.; I hove been instructed to sell these de-
sirable properties cheap fer cash; no reasonable
offer refused. Apply at once to
A. H. BLOW, 1010 Brcadway, Oakland.
OS. J. MASON. REAL ESTATE AND IN-
surance agent. Berkeley station. '
BERKELEY HOUSES.
TO LET— NEAT^COTTAGE;
4 rooms and batb, pantry and closets, stable,
chicken house: lot 60x135; cheap rent. Inquire
C. C. CARTER, 41 Alain st.
~~ EDUCATIONAL. ~~
,r A^TJS&-*-T^^
II of neglected education; one willing to give
evenings. J., box 163, this offlce.
MRS. MELVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 514
Sutter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution a specialty : vocal Sbakspearean
classes; skirt-dancinz, minuet, gavotte, etc. Vocal
classes resumed Monday at 8 p. v.; $1 per month.
"\7OiCE-BUILDING, PANTOMIME AND ACT-
V ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
SPANISH AND ITA LIAN LANGUAGES
taught. AIISS GONSALES, 120Vfe Geary, r. 15.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
SPANISH.FRENCH.ETC: Prof.Dß FILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages, 320 Post st:estab'd 1871.
AY RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st.; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship 4)50; low rates per week and month.
I'-RENCH, GERMAN, SPAN Is tl: LEARN TO
-T speak; sp'c'l $2. Flood building. .
BOOKKPNO, WRITNG, ARITHMTC, GRAMR.
1' day <& night; no classes; $5 month. 825 Mission.
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCA _
lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUB, 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CABTILIAN
and Parisian. 3 lessons w. : $3 m. Maze bid, r.37.
KEEPING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY,
better than in any college on earth; 6 wks: no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR.6S9 Alkt.
CADEMY OF DANCING. MISSES HUDDY;
private and class. 6a Hyde; terms moderate.
CI'aKISU, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
ELASCOS LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
> Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRIC CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O cbanlcal engineering; surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. 64., VAN I»KR NAILLEN, 723 Aikt
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24~ POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer.' ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
NIGHT lil.S. COLLEGE;**
lv Post : commercial, shorthand, Enelish : low rare.
lOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO: P.fcA-
V fonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045t/ Valencia.
HEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNINU-
V..' ham's School, cor. Geary ami Powell sts. ' I
■ : . ; ~ - LKGAL~NOTICEs3
"VTOTICE OF SALE OF PERSONAL PROP-
-1~ erty— Administrator's * sale— Notice is hereby
riven that, in pursuance of an order of the Supe-
rior Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco. State of California, made on the 2 2d day of
April, 1896, in the matter of the estate of JAMES
P. KERR, deceased, the undersigned, administra-
tor of the estate of said deceased, will sell at public
auction to the highest ' bidder, for cash, gold coin
of the United States, on THURSDAY, the 30th
day of April. 1896, at 12 o'clock m., at the office of
"The Breeder and sportsman," 813 Bush street. In
said City and County, the following., personal
property, to wit: - ' .' — * "• •
■5 "the Breeder and Sportsman," a paper published
ln the City and County of San Francisco, and all
of the property, consisting of the book accounts,
goodwill and equipments, consisting of type, gal-
leys, Imposing stones, furniture, library, etc.,
necessary to its publication- and used therein.
Also one lion called "Memo"; a bay mare by
"Memo." dam by 'Speculation"; a chestnut geld-
ing j by "Sydney," dam by -•Speculation," and one
high- wheeled sulk v.
Dated April 2, 1896. , . ' . .>.-
F. W. KELLEY, Administrator of the Estate of
JAAIES P. KERB, deceased.
GARRET W. McENEKNEY, Attorney for Ad-
ministrator.
."■.. * * . - -*
*- DENTISTS. 7"'-.~:7\. "'777:
DR. L. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTTOITpA^LEsis
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary at., cor. Grant aye.
CBOOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $6; fillings frm $1 ; extracting 60c, with gas $1.
- <I_ 7 A SET FOR TEETH; WARRANTED AS
«3> i good as can be made; filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist,. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
nAr Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
ONEST WORK; VERY LOWEST PRICES.'
DR. HARDCASTLE. 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
TiULL SET OP TEETH, $7 ;~ WARRANTED
X five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 sixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G. YOUNG. IS4I Polk si.
I \R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st
"OAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60cl CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. H1 5 % Geary.
I »R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
SJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
C IOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
VJ ket st DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET^ COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1129 Market st
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THI»
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
BIRTHS— 3IAIIRIAGES— DEATHS.
'Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They must be banded In at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorize-
o have the same published.
BORN.
BOUTERIOUS— In this city. April 24, 1896, to the
wife of A. Bouterious, a daughter.
HARNEY— In this city, April 14. 1896* to the
wife of P. J. Harney, a daughter.
HOCKING— In this city, April 25, 1896, to the
wife of T. C. Hockine of Modesto, a daughter.
NORDHAUSEN— In Oakland, April 24, 1896, to
the wife of C. C. Nordhausen. a son.
MARRIED.
KELLY— SCHWEITZER— In this city, April 22.
1896, by the Rev. Father Doran, Frank S. Kelly
and Marie Louise Schweitzer, both of San Fran-
cisco. y.-X^y
THROCKMORTON- ALLEN- April 20. 1896, by
the Rev. Joseph F. Byrne, B. P. Throckmorton,
formerly of Philadelphia, and Alice L. Allen of
San Francisco.
DlAii>. "
Anderson, Charles A, Heuer, Philip
Basslilio, Clarence A. Hocking (infant)
Baumearten, John L. Lamory, L. A.
. Blaisdell, Joseph F. McCarthy, Celia
. Bresse, Louis C. Afecke, May
Bruce, Edward Muhlner, _*"*. W.
Clement Edmund P. Noble. Thomas H.
Collins, Bachel O'Brien, Elizabeth
Connors, Mary Otten. .Willie
Crawford. Bobert A. Rambaud, Marlus A.
Delaney. Daniel At, Scheffer, Charles
Gorman, James * Shearman. Joel S.
Hansen, Chris Werner, Barbara
ANDERSON— In this city, April 26, 1896, Charles
Arthur, dearly beloved son of Axel and Lizzie
Anderson, and brother of Eddie. Tillie, Emma
and Willie Anderson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 9 months and 10 days.
"Friends and acquaintances am respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of his parents, 23 Stanford street, off Brannan,
between Second and Third. Interment L O. O. F.
Cemetery.
BASSILLIO— In this city, April 26. 1896, Clarence
Arthur, dearly beloved son of John V. and Anne
E. Bassillio. aged 4 months and 15 days.
BAUMGARTEN— ApriI 18, 1896, at Agnews
Insane Asylum. John Louis, beloved brother of
-Otto, Jenny and Theodore Baumgarten and the
late Sister Peterine Schmidt, a native of Ham-
burg, Germany, aged 34 years 9 months and 14
days. "'.;.:*
BLAISDELL— In this city. April 25, 1896, Joseph
Frank, beloved son of Edwin L. and Alary M.
Blaisdell, and brother of Etta, John and Fred
Blaisde',l, a native of Maine, aged 20 years 10
months and 19 days. :.vV
*J~ Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fnlly invited toattendthe funeral TO-AIOBBOW
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m. . from the Eigh-
teenth-avenue Presbyterian church, South San
Francisco. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BBESSE— in Eusenada, Lower California. April
23, 1896, Louis C. Bresse, beloved husband of
Emilia Andrade de Bresse, a native of California,
aged 35 years. - :.-.■; ._r-->-
-*S~Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Afonday), at
2 o'clock p. if., from his late residence, 1822 Post
street, thence to Notre Dame dcs Vlctoires
Church, . Bush street, near Stockton, at 2:30
o'clock p. M. >
BRUCE— In this city, April 21. 1896, Edward
Bruce, a native of Ohio, aged 37 years,
CLEMENT— In this city, April 25, 1896, Edmund
Peter Clement Jr. .dearly beloved and only son
of Edmund Peter and Bosle Clement, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 months and 3 days.
COLLINS— In this city,' April 25. 1896, at her
residence, 1332 Washington street, Rachel,
relict of the late David Collins, and mother of
Airs. Alexander Hutchison and Nimrod D. Col-
lins, a native of Ireland, aceel 56 years.
I**!?- Friends and acquaintances am resoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. M., from the First M. E.
Church. Powell street, near Washington. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
CONNORS— In this city, April 23, 1896, Mary
Connors, a native of Ireland, aged 48 years.
CRAWFORD— In Oakland, April 24, 1896. Bob-
ert Andrew Crawford, a native of Oakland, aged
1 year 8 months and 9 days. ; .-, .
DELANEY— In this city. April 25, 18*"*6. Daniel
Al.. beloved husband of Hattie Delaney, and
father of M abel and Edward Delaney, a native of
Boston. Mass.,* aged 62 years.
JB*""f*-Frlend3 an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. if., at the par-
lors of Halsted A Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GORMAN— In this city, April 23, 1896. James
Gorman, a native of Ireland, aged 39 years.
HANSEN— In the City and County Hospital, April
26, 1896, Chris Hansen, aged 88 years. • ■
HEUER-In this city. April 26. 1896. Philip,
dearly beloved husband of Doris Heuer. and
father of Etta. George, Philip and Doris Rener,
Mrs. Frederick E. Willson and Airs. George W.
Lucy, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 62
years 9 months and 21 days.
ftS" Friends and acquaintances are renDect-
. folly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the Masonio
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Mount Aloriah _odge No.
44, F. and A. AL, theuce to Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. . , - ■•;--•",. ■;.-;, ;**-, •_, .-
HOCKING— In this city, April 25, 1896, Infant
daughter ot T. C. and Florence Hocking.
LAMORY— In Oakland, April 26, 1896, L. A.
Lamory, beloved son of Mrs. O. Lamory, and
brother of Airs. A. Pallies. Airs. E. P. Kearney
and Mrs. A. Fately, a native of Santa Clara,
Cal.. aged 25 years 1 month and 2 days. <
£"«- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a.m.. from the resldenca
of his brother-la-law, Mr. A. Pallies, 2409 Tele-
. graph avenue, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of bis soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock a. v. . Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland. .'..•■'• 3
MCCARTHY— In the City and County HosnPal,
April 26. 1896, Celia McCarthy, aged 58 years.
MECKE— In the City and County Hospital, April
25, 1896. Alay Mecke, aged 21 years.
MUHLNER-Tn this city. April 25, 1896, F. W..
beloved . husband of Cornelia Muhlner. and
_ father of William. Edward. Louis, Emma, Edith
and the late Airs. J. F. Magulrl of New York, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 69 years. A member of
the San Francisco Turn Verein.- Pacific Council
No. 8, O. C. P., and Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R.
[New Haven (Conn.) papers please copy.] |
flfS" Friends and acquaintances are reanect-
fully Invited to a.tend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. v.. from his late resi-
dence, 34 Fell street, thence to San Francisco
Turn Verein Hall, where funeral services will be
held at 2 o'clock p. v. | Interment I. O. O. F."
Cemetery. . / •
NOBLE— In this city, April 26, 1896, Thomas H.
" Noble. ' , '■■■;-.-
O'BRIEN— In this city, April 25, 1896. Elizabeth,
beloved wife of the late Edward O'Brien, ana
mother of Lizzie. Edward an I William O'Brien,
a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 60 years,
f Philadelphia papers please copy.]
_"6*F"Frlends and acquaintances are resoect-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 11 o'clock: a. v., from her late resi-
dence. 30 Vanderwater street, between Powell
ana Mason, thence to St. Francis Church, where
services will be held. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
OTTEN— In this city, April 26, 1896, Willie, be-
loved son of Clans ana Mary Ott-n, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 months and 26 days.
BAMBAUD— in this city. April 24, 1896, Marias
Auguste Rambaud, a native of ' France, aged 56
years." . .....
SCHEFFER— In this city, April 23, 1896, Charles
Scheffer, a native of Germany, aged 65 years.
SHEARAIAN— In Los Gatoi. April 21.1893, Joel
S. Shearman, aged 70 year, and 4 months.
WERNER— In Oakland, April 25, 1896, Bar-
bara, beloved wife of Alois Werner, and mother
of Richard. Clotilde. Theodore and Henry
Werner, a native of Vienna, Austria, aged 41
years 9 months and 5 days.
Friends ; and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
. TOAIORROW (Tuesday), at 11:15 o'clock a. m.,
at the mortuary chapel jat L O. O. F. Cemetery,
san Francisco. -, . ' '.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone South 167. ,27 and 29 Fifth st.
MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FBNKRAL DIRKCTORS A EMBALM EB3,
SO Filth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
" 3 Telephone 8080.
1314
The Battle-Ship Oregon as She Appeared by Moonlight When Being Towed Into the Drydock at Hunters Point Last Night. The Operation* Was an Extremely Deli
cate One, the Availa ble Opportunity of High Tide Being Scant, and There Being Only About Six Inches Leeway on Either Side of the Costly Vessel. Had She "Jammed"
in Transit Experts Say a Loss of Millions Would Have Resulted.: The Docking Was Cleverly Effected. ■■• ; .3 ■-•
THE DRYDOCKIKG
OF THE OREGON
How the Great Battle-Ship
Was Handled at Hunt
ers Point.
CAPT. HARVEY'S SKILL.
Went In on the Instant of Slack
Water at Extreme High
Tide.
ONLY A FEW INCHES FREE
The Tugs Monarch and Hercules
Pushed the Mammoth Hull Safely ;
Through . the Gates. ' .
With two-redstack tugs, the Monarch
and Hercules, to work her along, the big
battle-ship Oregon last night slipped into
Hunters Point stone drydock and the
falling tide grounded her gently in the
chocks. *.'...,
It was a ticklish bit of work, for if the
ebb had caught her on the dock sill her
steel back -would have broken like a pipe
stem. The tide in that locality, when it
reaches its highest point/does not stand
the usual sixty or seventy minutes, but
new. to-day: *.*
LADIES ■;'•■■•.
WITH
RED FACES
And oily, greasy complexions, or subject to
'.-ashes, pimples, blackheads, yellow or mothy •
•kin, will be gratified to learn that, the purest,
sweetest, and . most * effective *»• skin purifier
aid beautifier yet compounded is ,
CUTICURA
SOAP
1% is bo because it strikes at the caw «« of most
oomplexional disfigurations, viz.: the Clogged
Irritated, Inflamed; or Overworked Poke. - -\
Suggestion : After cycling, golf, tennis, riding,
or athletics, a bath with Cuticuka Soap is roost -
soothing, cooling, and ."• refreshing, ■ preventing ,
'chafing, red ness, and roughness of the stun, sooth*
Ing inflammation, and when followed by gentle '
anointing with (ointment), proves bene- ;
flcial in relieving tired; lame, or strained muscles. '
Bald thronrhont the world. - Price, Ci'ticura, SOc.:
Soap. __.; Resolvent, 60c and $1. Puitik Deuo
ajiv Cirey. Corp.. hole Prop... Hcnto-i.
•_- •' Jiow to Oittio • Bnilian- Complexion,'* frss. " **
! immediately begins its overflow, and should
' that great mass of 10,000 tons dead weight
have come down on an insecure bed,' beams
and plates which fit to each other with the
j nicety of a watch's make-up would have
I been ruined beyond repair. With only a
! few inches to spare on each side of ' the
j bilges and under the k«el the greatest care
j must be exercised regarding depth of
j water and the . momentum of the : great
i mass as it is* moved toward the dock
! gates.- . :,3 j/!":."" "/'••.- -*.'■*, *"
. The stone basin is 500 feet long, 115 feet
wide at the top and 60 feet at the bottom,
while the . Oregon is j 69 feet 3 inches in
beam and as she stands draws about 23
feet of water. . It was calculated that there
would be almost 27 feet of water at high
tide in the dock. - 333, *3:;
At 10 o'clock the Oregon, silent, white
and ghostly in the bright moonlight, ar
rived off Hunters Point. Under her quar
ter were the two tugs holding her tightly
against the still flooding, tide.. Ahead of
the majestic craft were the tugs Redmond
and Rockaway standing motionless in the
smooth water. • '- : "77y
The big caisson : had been removed,
leaving a clear roadway into the dock, and
everything was ready for the rush in when
the water was at rest. On the pier-head
the dock superintendent was watching in
tently the passing current and from time
to time testing its flow by throwing chips
out into the stream. ?3 3 -.
A large number of people came down to
see the battle-ship come in to the dock
that was a few sizes too small for her.
Captain j George Harvey ,' of \ the , Mer
chants' Tug Company stood on the for
ward turret over the two monster 13-inch
rifles and directed the two tugs. From
time to time could be heard his shrill
whistle as he jockeyed his 'great team for
the start. 333^tjy~^ '. ■■■777
i Superintendent Dickie of the Union Iron
Works was stationed in the extreme for
ward part of the bow waiting for the ves
sels to cease their drift. The other tugs
took their f places between the dock and
ship. *...'" *: .*'
. Presently the - floating bits 'of ' wood
thrown in the water stood stationary and
Captain Harvey whistled "go ahead."
: The stern of the battle-ship had swung
toward the south, and * Captain Shaw of
the Redmond' was directed to push the
craft back into posit ion. .' 333:3',^
**' The Redmond pressed her nose against
the Hercules,* which was on that side of
the ship, and though she made tbe beams
of her sister tug groan, her strong 'engine
slowly jammed the Oregon; around until
the shield on her stem faced the dock.
Then the procession drew slowly in toward
the gate. ' 3 ,! '
Different currents • threw her first one
way. then the other, but the tugs backing,
stopping and going ahead kept her point
ing ever toward the center of the basin and
soon her forefoot was in the threshold. •
Would she go in? was the question each
one . asked himself. The men on • shore
watched the tide-gauge and those lon the
battle-ship watched her course.
" As she drew in, so accurately 'had she
been * navigated that * her smooth • white
flanks.' never touched the 'temporary
wooden fenders, though ■ there was only
about five or six inches to spare on each
side. v
As the space became' too, narrow I for
their entrance with the Oregou, the Her
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1896.
cales and Monarch let go, and the splendid
battle-ship glided majestically into the
basin, and the gate was closed behind her.
To-day the great pumps will draw the
water from under her and she will settle
down on the blocks which will be ad
justed to a nicety to catch her ponderous
weight.
Then she will be cleaned and prepared
for her trial trip and will prove her metal
in speed. The test of the great thirteen
inch guns and their sisters will come only
when war sends them barking over the
deep. ■'3y.''->3 - ■ ' '.-* * '3353 >
ABORIGINAL VALUATION.
A String of Shells Buys Either a Woman
or a Hog in Australasia. .'
"This," said Dr. J. Simms to Charles P.
;\Vilcomb, custodian of Golden "Gate Park
Museum, one day last week, as he held up
a string of odd-shaped shells and cocoanut
shell ground smooth, and about four feet
long, "is aboriginal money, and in Aus
tralasia will purchase either a wife or a hog
—that is, both are of equal value." 3v"
Dr. Simms, who made this extraordi-
nary statement, was at one time a resident
of this City and well known as a physiog
nomist,' but now his permanent home is in
New York. :He has traveled three times
around the world and is a collector of
curios and a student of all that is odd in
people and things. He spent three years
in Australasia, and while there secured
many oddities, a portion of which he has
donated to the museum. The string of
money is one of these.
Miss Oxnard has donated two very odd
silver dresspins used by the women of Al
geria.
Louis Sarony of this City has presented
a letter dated Philadelphia, December 15,
1796, and written by Robert Morris, one of
the signers of the Declaration of Independ
ence, and also two documents granting
vessels the right to enter certain ports.
One is signed by Thomas "Jefferson as
President and James Madison as Secre
tary of State, and .the other by James
Monroe as President and Jonn Quincy
Adams as Secretary of State.
' The granite base on which will rest the
bust of General Grant is being put in
place near the museum. A granite base is
also being placed • under the statues of
Leonidas which, as the inscription asserts,
-'Marks the spot where the first shovelfui
of earth was - turned for the Midwinter
Fair." ' **. . - "' ' ' ,
• There was some disappointment experi
enced by visitors to the park because there
was no music, and" many who were thus
disappointed went to the ocean beach.
There they found music, athletic feats by
Japanese and swimming contests for
prizes. *•■■;.. j ' *■'-.'"
There was a ereat crowd at tbe Haight
street grounds to watch : Miss Essie Viola
make a balloon: ascension attired 3in
bloomer costume. The young lady made
a very pretty ascent, moving eastward,
and coming down by parachute on one of
the streets near. the end of the panhandle
of -the park.- -- ,■'.■- ■■ /■"■ - ■•"■-■•.-.'
; This washer fourth ascent from these
grounds '- : and each 1 was j successful. • Miss
Leona Adair,' her * sister, will take a trip
toward the clouds next Sunday. (
Mayor Sutro, was at his home ..in. Sutro
Heights. 3He will I start . on his { vacation
this week,; but whero he is going none will
tell' but it is known that he has packed a
number of articles- he will send 'to his
ranch near Caiistoga, but he * may switch
off and go to -Washington. .",
• Dew will not J form ?on some colors.
While a yellow board will be covered with
dew, a red or a black one beside it will be
perfectly dry..
BARON DE HIRSCH'S NAME
The Independent Order of B'nai
B'rith Will Hold a Memo
rial Service.
HE STOOD FOR HUMANITY.
An. lnvitation Extended to the Clergy
of All Denominations to Par
ticipate in It.
... .
The American flag floated at half-mast
yesterday over the B'nai B'rith building
and over the Hebrew Orphan Asylum in
respect to the memory of the late Baron
de Hirsch, whose death was announced in
The Call a few days since. 33 3
Yesterday morning the general commit
tee of the Grand Lodge Independent Order
B'nai B'rith held a meeting in the grand
secretary's office for the purpose of taking
preliminary steps in the matter of holding
a memorial- service. - There were present
E. I. Wolfe, grand president ; M. P. Stein,
first vice-grand president; Edward Bare,
second vice-president ;*B. ; Harris, grand
treasurer; Jacob Levison, grand secretary;
M. Marcuse. Simon ; Hochstadter,; Louis
Cohn and Abram Jones, past* grand presi
dents. * '••'•
After some discussion it was decided
that there should be a memorial service;
that there should be an j address by the
grand president,* E. .I. Wolfe; an oration
by Edmund Tausky, grand orator; ad
dresses by clergymen of different denomi
nations and music by a choir to be selected
from among the singers .in the different
churches of this City. It was also decided
that there should be a service in this City
in which all the lodges of the order 'shall
take part and thai the lodges in the inte
rior shall hold services in their respective
localities. *''..•' .'. ' ';* * ' '■'■•/
l- The following, preamble presented by
Grand President Wolfe was adopted and a
copy ordered sent to each lodge: v
1 Whereas, In the death of Baron Maurice yon
Ilirsch the entire Jewish community of the
whole civilized world has suffered an irrepar
able loss, and in order that proper expression
may be given of our feelings, ana- as a token of
respect to the memory of the departed, be it 3
'..■ Resolved, That District Grand Lodge . No. 4.
Independent Order jof B'nai - B'rith, repre
senting as it does j the 'Jewish community of
the Pacific Coast, ao invite all the ; lodges in
the City; of San Francisco; to meet in 'B'nai
B'rith Hall,' 121 Eddy; street, on Thursday,
May 21, at 8 p. m„ to ' participate in memorial
service in honor of '.our -i distinguished J co
religionist. -.*.-;*.
■Resolved, That the president of each lodge in
San Francisco be Invited to meet with the gen
eral committee in the office of its secretary at
10 a.m.' on Sunday ,' May 3, 1896, t0 make suit
able arrangements. ,'. "'• •'•' '.,-, .- 3*'
' Resolved, That ' the grand secretary ' com
municate with all the' lodges outside -of the
City, asking them to set aside May: 21 for the
purpose of holding: memorial services in the
cities in (which they are located or on • some
date as near to that as possible. ' ' ;
Resolved, That -the '•■ clergy of all denomina
is
tions be invited to participate with us at th
demonstration, as the beneficence and charita
ble spirit of the honored d cad knew no limita
tion of nation or creed, but showed his belief
in the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood
of man. 3.- ;
. Before adjournment the committee ap
pointed Louis Cohn of Occidental Lodge a
grand trustee in place of Benjamin Harris,
chosen to fill the vacancy caused by the
resignation of Julius PlatsecK. £
BISHOP DUBS.
He Preached a Sermon in Grace Metho-
dist , Kpiseopal Church on the
'.Testimony of Christ.
i Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, at
Twenty-first and Capp' streets, was filled
to its utmost last evening by a congrega
tion assembled* to listen* to a sermon by
Bishop R. Dubs,. D. D., of the United
Evangelical Church. . •
; The Bishop is a man of medium height,
inclined to stoutness,' and has a pleasant,
intelligent face. His hair and beard are
almost white. . He is a forcible and elo-
quent speaker.
His sermon, which was listened to with
profound attention, was on the testimony
of Christ. He told of*, the great truths
that are advanced by the teachers who are
working in the cause of Christ and whose
mission is to teach that there is salvation
for those who lead a good Christian life.
He dwelt at some length upon the class
that expresses 'itself against a belief in
Christ and in a hereafter, and by a num
ber of well-told anecdotes proved that
while there is no danger they continue to
maintain the •• views they express, in
times of danger they retract and call upon
Christ to save them. .He also spoke of the
various methods of worship, and said that
no matter what the form is the finger of
each points to Calvary. ..
i The Bishop.who has been forty-one years
in the ministry, has made a flying visit to
this City. - He arrived here on Friday and
left for Chicago, his home, this morning.
NO DRIFTING INTO HEAVEN.
Man Must Be Judged by 7-.c Works
*...* of His -Earthly *-l> ..
.- The pulpit of the 'Howard Presbyterian
Church was occupied by the Rev. Dr. J.
dimming Smith at the evening service.
In his discourse the -speaker impressed
upon his hearers his abiding faith in the
inspiration (.of .the word of. God as re
vealed through the agency of man. .:-r77h
All of ' the inspired writings bore on
their "faces the imprint of truth and the
divinity of (Jesus (Christ. 3 And the man
who does not : accept' the word of God as
laid ; down in Holy Writ will have a hard
time to get into heaven. 3 -3^ *3;33 (¥--(
"No man," he said, "can drift into the king
dom of God by chance or strategy. • He must go
there ns a man and upon the record of his life.
A sudden change of heart at -the hour of death
.will-not be sufficient." Man is the same being
when about to die that he was in the prime of
health, and if he does not receive the spirit of
God and the s teachings of Christ during his
lifetime a fear of death accompanied by a sud
den-conversion will not do -to take chances
upon ; of , drifting' into heaven under the pre
tense of not knowing better. '••..
--• "A man to be a good Christian must be frank,
manly and: straightforward. Christ possessed
all lof those manly j qualities . when jon earth,
and in his dealings with his fellow-men, and so
must his followers now do likewise. ;
The Trap ; Shooters.
TheAltaGun Club held its opening inani
[ mate target ? shoot of the season yesterday : at
the 'Seven-Mile House. In the principal match
I the "conditions', were i 25 3 blue rocks, known
I traps, .unknown- angles. The < annexed score"
! were made: vL.: Holdenil7,Joß. Dwyer. 15, IS
I Sweeney 13, J. Noonan 16, J. J. Noonan IG.
I F. Dwyer,*l4, F. Walpert 12, Ben Shulken 10,
D. Wilson 4, T. Downey 5. *
__^^^^ NEW TO-DAY— POOPS. w^
NEW SILKS!
We are now exhibiting some very attrac-
tive NOVELTIES in SILKS specially suited
for. the present season. Ladies will upon
inspection find our styles the choicest and
our prices beyond competition.
Fancy Plaid Taffetas,
New styles and colorings.
New Checked Taffetas
(Summer Silks).
Black and White Checked Taf-
IdaS, Small, medium and large checks.
Persian Taffetas,
New designs and colorings.
Broche Dresden Taffetas,
New styles.
-ess — SPECIAL ! — ==-«
An Elegant Quality FANCY STRIPED TAFFETA for
Skirting ■ - - ■ ■ ■'. .... $1.00 per Yard
-e-J SPEOIAL! .=■_■-
BLACK BROCADED SILKS, full assortment medium and
large patterns - - $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 per Yard
ICFIT i-B-F-aOJJE lV_:__k.l_W ,, 7"7.
~ "* ' ' "" "" ' ' ' " "" ' "**** — ' '•"' ■-■ — '■ ■——--■ ■ ■■—
@h@nrtAife4
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
•■"- 1 ■a----*---- --AlitVsWmWsWm^BmMsKßaMitammmm
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Boned Sardines. ....... 15c
Yawl Club, imported never was a
boneless sardine better value or
sold cheaper. Tins open at coun-
ters. Regular 20c.
Whisky O. X gal $3 00
A bots $2 00
A sweet mash bourbon, pure, for
medicinal use, every medicine
chest should have a supply espe-
cially during La Grippe weather,
regular $4 00 and $1 00
Olive Oil ......full qt. 55c
full pt. 30c
Sublime, our importation from
Italy. Those who like Lucca Oil will
appreciate the delicacy of flavor.
Sauterne. French type. .
doz. qts $4 00
Slightly sweet, very rich, delight-
ful white wine ; none better at any
price. Regular $5 00.
Cocoanut, Schepp's, 2 lbs 45c
sample open at counters,
• needless to do more than show it.
8utter. .......... square 30c
3:3. ■■■:.' 3 Choicest table
Reductions, Regular :
I Ferris Bacon .". .*. .'*. .... 3. ....... 20c
Candies all day Saturdays SOc
Eastern Bloaters doz 25c
Instantaneous Tapioca .. ...... .15c
Farina 10 lb 5k.... ..... ..45c
. Hominy . 10 lb sk. 40c
Moth Balls, bulk lb. 10c. 3 lbs 25c \
This is the time of year
33 3- . for moth balls, too.
Lemons. doz 25c
Dor Bread, Spratts..2s lb box $1 65
Solid Packed Tomatoes 10c
Summer Supplies : ■ ,
Magic Ice Cream Freezers, "The Flyer"
Window Screens. Hygienic and Alaska
Refrigerators, Telescope Baskets all sizes,
Ball Nozzle Lawn Sprinkler, Extra quality
garden hose.
432 Pine Telephone Main l
215 Sutter « Main ill
2800 California ** west 101
1075' Clay, Oakland ■ Main 1
4JL%m^ XmN
"i«j!_r : ---'* j-TSS*^
IS THE VERY ±4*1.-1 USE TO EXAMINE
your eyes and tit tnom to spectacles and Eye-
glasses witli instruments of hi* . own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. : My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of my worlc
. Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. _*. •'" ,
DR. WILBOR'S
m-mßMamipßa
COMPOUND OF
PURE COD LIVER OIL
WITH PHOSPHATES.
Dr. Wilbor's Cod-Liver Oil and Phos-
phates has now been before the public
forty years, and has steadily grown in
favor and appreciation. This could not be
the case unless the preparation was of
high intrinsic value. The combination of
! the phosphates with pure Cod Liver; Oil,
as prepared by Dr. Wilbor, has produced
j a new phase in the treatment of consump-
| tion and all diseases of the lungs. This
article can be taken by the most delicate
invalid without creating the disgusting
nausea which is such an objection to the
Coa-Liver Oil when taken without the
phosphate. It is prescribed by the regular
faculty. Dr. Wilbor's Emulsion cures
consumption, coughs, colds, bronchitis,
debility, wasting diseases, asthma, influ-
enza, scrofulous humors, pneumonia. Sold
by all druggists.
FOR
a Fine Tailoring
\£ Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at
. Moderate Prices, go to
WOE Tailoring
Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
'■JbeSBI THE TAILOR.
/ pIS PANTS made to order Iran $4.00
mm SUITS made to order from $15.00
|1 HI MY $17.50 and $36 SUITS
ARC THE BEST IN THK »T»TE.
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bush
724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market St
___^ SAN FRANCISCO.
PROBATE SALE!
Under authority of sale given to me
toy the -will of Anna M. Hathaway, de-
ceased, I will sell, subject to confirma-
tion toy Probate Court, the lot of land
and building on the northerly line of
O'Farroll street, 27 6-12 feet east of
PowelL east 27 6-12x77 6-12 feet.
Purchaser-* will apply at room 11 on
tenth floor of Mills building. Immedi-
ate sale will toe made.
JAMES A. -WHITE,
Executor of the will of
ANNA M. HATHAWAY,
Deceased.
_BEBM
OPPRESSION, niiiw-fi nu
SUFFOCATION, CURED BY
NEURALGIA, Etc., WUIILU-111
| ESl'lC'S CIGAKKTTKB, OB POWDER.
PAris, J, ESPIC: New. York, K. FOUUEBA
I A CO.* -Sold by aU Druggist*
fe patents! Q
!20 MARKET ST-S-F^--^