VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 4.
HISSED By FORMER DEVOTEES
Cleveland and Carlisle Are
Derided in the Blue
Grass State.
THE DEMOCRATS IN
STATE CONVENTION.
Red-Letter Day for Senator
Biackburn and the Free
Silver Element.
"SOUND MONEY" MEN
SHOWN NO QUARTER
fey a Vote of 691 to 206 the Free
Coinage Forces Capture the
Organization.
LEXINGTON, Ky., June 3.— This was a
day of triumph for Senator Blackburn and
the free-silver element of the Blue Grass
Democracy. The white-metal advocates
outnumbered theii opponents in the State
Convention three to one, but they were
not disposed to be magnanimous, and de
spite the pacific advice of Senator Black
burn the gold men were shown scant cour
tesy.
Htate Chairman Charles R. Long called
the convention to order at 1:40 this after
noon in the auditorium of the Chautauqua
Assembly building. It was a full conven
tion, for instead of being 910 delegates
there were nearly 1200 within the inclosure
set awart for them, all the contesting dele
gations being present in full force.
Chairman Long was the first to experi
ence the 111-will of the silverites. In clos
ing his address he said: "Grover Cleve
land stands to-day as the equal in devotion
to the best interests of our Government
and faithful service of any President that
ha< preceded him. The country is in
debted to the Democratic party for his
election, and I doubt not that the conven
tion will give him their votes."
This was the signal for a scene. The
delegates hissed, veiled and created
s ich a disturbance thac the chairman
I scarcely proceed, and when he said,
"John G. Carlisle stands before the Ameri
can people as one of the purest and ablest
-men," they drowned his voice with
hoots and yells.
Nominations for temporary chairman j
■ in order, John 8. Rhea, for the free 1
men, noroinatttti Hon. Charles J. j
Bronsoa tor temporary chairman, and j
Colonel Bennett Young (gold) nominated J
Judpe Alexander P. Humphreys. He!
-rarcely be heard, and the chairman j
I the delegates for their discourtesy. !
• • Bronson won by a big majority. The
vote, which shows the strength of silver in j
the convention, was Bronson 691, Hum- |
phrei^ 106.
Mr. Bronson then addressed the con-
■vention, and after he had finished his ad
' : dress John S. Khea, the noted free-silver
; orator, was called for. He responded in a
three minutes' speech, counseling har
mony. Then Senator Blackburn appeared j
on the platform. The delegates rose as
one man, waved their hats, umbrellas,
handkerchiefs or whatever els> they had
handy. It was several minutes before
they would allow him to speak.
The Senator told of his years of service
to the party and said that while he had
suffered much at the hands of Democrats,
who opposed the policy he advocated, he
bore them no ill will and had no ani
mosities against those who had fought
him so bitterly. He counseled harmony
and urged his enthusiastic friends to be
generous in this, the hour of victory, and
unite with the opposition, but without
surrendering any of the principles for
which they bad fought so bravely.
After the appointment of the commit
tees, the convention at 4 o'clock took a
recess until 8 p. m.
The convention was called to order at
8:10 to-night, but the committee on cre
dentials not beinp able to report the other
two committees could not report.
The organization committee has a great
deal of work to ao in thoroughly organiz
ing the party machinery of the State. It
is for tnis reason that they cannot report
to-night, and the convention will not be
likely to adjourn before to-morrow after
noon.
The time was taken np to-night by
speeches by Evan E. Settle, free silver can
didate for Congress from the Ashland Dis
trict, General P. Wat Hardin and others.
There was also song-singing, in which
Blackburn's troubles were told by Fight
ing Eph Liiliard and the noted singer, Bob
Franklin.
After the speeches the convention ad
journed until 10 a. M. to-morrow.
The following is the money plank of the
platform agreed upon by the committee
on resolutions late to-night:
We are in favor of an honest dollar— a dollar
■worth neither more nor less than 100 cents.
We favor bimetallism and to that end we de
mand the free and unlimited coinage of both
gola and silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 as stan
dßr'l money at equal legal tender power, in
dependent of the action of any other nation.
We hold that the Secretary of the Treasury
mould exercise his legal right to redeem all
the coinage obligations in gold or silver, as
I.. ay be more convenient, and are opposed to
Be of bonds in time of peace for the
r^amtenanee of the gold reserve or for any
purpose.
We are opposed to fhe National banking
Fystcm and to any enlargement of its powers.
We are opposed to any contraction of the
currency by the retirement of greenbacks or
I ise.
v\e leclut it to be h fundamental principle
( Democracy that the Federal Government
has no constitutional power to impose and col
lect tariff duties except for tbs purposes of
: -only, and the collection of such taxes
should be limited to the necessities of the Goy
eminent honestly and economically adminis
tered.
The delegates to the Chicago convention
are instructed to vote as a unit for Hon. J.
C. S. Blackburn for President.
Mill Fight lor Silver.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., June 3.— A call
was issued here today for a Democratic
free silver convention, or mass-meeting,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
which will be held in this city on Friday
night next. It is intended as a T rerunner
of the coining Democratic State Conven
tion, and its object is to complete the free
silver organization for the coming fight.
DECLARE FOR SILVER.
Kansas Democrats Stand in Line for
the White Metal.
TOPEKA, Kans., June 3.— The Kansas
Democrats to-day elected a delegation to
the National Convention and bound them
to vote for no Presidential candidate wlio
was not unequivocally in favor of the free
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1.
The silver men were so largely in the
majority that the eoldite delegates were
not even heard. The proceedings were
carried on by the silver men with har
mony and dispatch.
The platform adopted commended the
administration in so far as regards Cleve
land's vigorous foreign policy, his efforts
for tariff reform, his firm stand toward
Spain and the Americans held in Cuban
prisons.
"But," said Chairman Blair in submit
ting his report, "the committee differs
totally and radically with the President
on the all-absorbing question of finance,
and therefore resolve:
"That we demand the free and unlimited
coinage of both gold and silver at a ratio
of 16 to 1 without any effort toward inter
national agreement, • believing this great
country capable of taking care ol itself."
The resolution provided that the dele
gates to the National Convention be in
structed to vote for no man for the Presi
dential nomination not holding well
known views favoring free silver. J. G.
Johnson of Peabo<iy <vas elected National
Committeeman. Following are the dele
gates elected to tha National Convention:
At large, David Overmyer. John Martin,
Frank Bacon, J. H. Atwood, J. D. Me-
Cleverty, J. B. McKindley.
The majority of the delegates in the con
vention were in favor of fusion with anti-
Republican parties, and it is probable that
the State Convention, which' meets August
4, will take steps to unite with the Popu
lists in nominating a State ticket, and that
a similar combination will be made in
each of the Congressional districts.
FREE SILVER COAFERENCE.
Owing to Various Cause* the Attendance
Is Mot Liarge.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 3.— The free
silver conference held to-day was not as
largely attended as its projectors expected.
The advocates of free silver who have not
determined to leave their parties to secure
' unlimited coinage of silver generally ig
nored the call, so that only the radical
wing of the silver party was represented.
Henry T. Niles of Toledo was chairman
and E. D. Stark of Cleveland, who was the
Populist candidate for Attorney-General
of the State two years ago, was the secret j
tary. General A. J. "Warner, president of j
the National Bimetallic League, was pres
ent and addressed the conference upon the
plans of the National Silver Convention,
which is to be held in St. Louis on July
23. He said he believed that the National
Democratic Convention would adopt a free
silver platform, and if it did it would not
be necessary to hold the silver convention,
but it would not do to presume that the
convention would do this.
At his suggestion ex-Congressman Ben
jamin Biitterworth of Cincinnati, E. J.
Blandin of Cleveland, H. T. Niles of To
ledo and A. J. Warner were chosen dele
gates-a t-large to the silver convention. A
committee was appointed to select the dis
trict delegates.
FREE-SILVER DEMOCRATS.
They Are Sure to Control the Virginia
State Convention.
6TAUNTON, Va., June 3.— A laree
number of delegates to the Democratic
State Convention, which is to be held to
morrow, have arrived. There is no doubt
of absolute control of the convention by
the silver men, as out of nearly 1650 dele
gates not more than 250 are against free
coinage. The convention promises to be
the largest as well as the most enthusi
astic in the history of the State. No pro
gramme has yet been arranged beyond a
general understanding that Senator Dan
iel will lead the delegation to Chicago and
that Congressman W. A. Jones will be
one of the delegates-at-arge.
BRADLE Y WILL RUN
The Story That lie had Withdrawn Is
Strongly Denied.
FRANKFORT, Ky., June 3.— The story
sent out by the Chicago Associated Press
last night withdrawing Governor Bradley
from the Presidential race is authorita
tively denied. The story was based on an
interview published in a Louisville paper,
but the interview contains no inference to
warrant the story, and Governor Bradley 's
close political friends say was not intended
to convey any ouch impression as has
been given it.
GERMAN OFFICER MURDERED.
Was One of Several Who Had Been
Teaching Celestial Troops the
Art of War.
I
LONDON, Eng., June 3.— The Globe
publishes a dispatch from Shanghai, which
says that since the return of Viceroy Liv
Kung Yih to Nankin, the German officers
who were lent to China by Germany to
drill the Chinese troops have been repeat
edly insulted, hope being entertained that
they would resent the insults by resign
ing. This practice not having the desired
effect the Chinese resorted to violence,
endine in the murder of a German officer
named Krause by the Hunan bodyguard
of the Viceroy, and the German squadron
has been ordered to proceed to Nankin
forthwith. It is believed, the dispatch
says, that all of the German officers in the
Chinese service will resign.
A DECISIVE VICTORY.
The Ecuador Revolution Practically Ended
by a Three Hours' Battle at Elangel
on Tuesday.
NEW YORK. N. V., June 3.— The Her
ald's special cable from Panama asys:
According to the news just received
from Ecuador the revolution was prac
tically ended by a battle which was fought
Tuesday at Elangel.
Alfaro's forces defeated the rebel troops
under the command of General Rivaden
eira. The battle lasted for more than
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORXIXG, JUNE 4, 1896.
three hours and 80 rebels were killed and
wounded.
Then they fled, leaving behind their
field-pieces, arms and ammunition. Many
of them were captured. Alfaro received a
great ovation in Quito Tuesday night.
CHINESE REBEL VICTORY.
General Tung's Forces in the Province of
Kansuh Defeated With Great
Slaughter.
LONDON, Eng m June 3—A dispatch
to the Globe from Shanghai says
that the rebels in the province of Kansuh,
the most northwesterly province of China,
have defeated the Chinese army com
manded by General Tung with great
slaughter.
ENGLISH ELECTIONS.
Txco Seats in the Commons Show a Gain
for the Liberal*.
LONDON, Esq., June a— The Parlia
mentary election in the Frome division of
Somerset to fill the seat in the House of
Commons, made vacant by the succession
of Viscount Weymouth, Conservative, to
the peerage upon the death of his father,
the Marquis of Bath, was held yesterday
and resulted in the election of J. E. Bar
low, home- rule Liberal, by a vote of 5062
to 4763 cast for Mr. Thynne, the Conserva
tive candidate, representing a Liberal gain
of 916 votes and a gain of a seat in the
House of Commons.
The election in the Wick district held
yesterday to fill the yeat in the House of
Commons made vacant by the resignation
of Sir Charles Pender, Liberal Unionist,
resulted in the return of T. C. Hedder
wick, home ruler, by a majority of 212. the
vote standing: Hedderwick 1054, W. C.
Smith, Unionist, 842. The result shows a
gain for the Liberals.
BOER PISSENSIONS.
Kruger and the Ei-ecutire Committee Pull
in Opposite Directions.
LONDON, Eng., June 3.— The Times to
morrow will publish a dispatch from its
Pretoria correspondent saying that the
trouble In the Executive Council of the
Transvaal is becoming acute.
Dr. Leyds, the Secretary of Btate, and
Vice-President Joubert, oppose President
Kruger, who is in favor of the institution
of reforms and the adoption of a peaceful
policy. Dr. Leyds, the correspondent aildf,
is extremely unpopular with the people of
the republic.
PATENTS FOR DRAWBAUGH
They Will Have an Important
Bearing on the Bell
Telephone.
The Senate Committee Rewards a
Man for Fourteen Long Years
pf Waiting.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 3.-The
Senate Committee on Patents by a vote of
4 to 8 has made a favorable report on the
bill for the relief of Daniel Drawbaugh.
The vote was as follows: For the bill,
I Pritchard, Call, Mills and Berry; against
the bill, Platt, Clark and Wetmore.
This bill lias an important bearing on
the Bell telephone patent. It directs the
Commissioner of Patents to issue to Dan
ial Drawbaugh a patent or patents for the
invention of improvements in telephony,
described and claimed in pending applica
tions tiled by Drawbaugh in the Patent
Office at various times from 1880 until 1894,
notwithstanding that said inventions may
have been in use or on sale for more than
two years prior to the date of filing Dr;iw
bnugh's original application of July 26
1880.
These patents when issued are to have
the same effect as though no delay had
occurred in presenting or prosecution
tberefor, and each patent when so issued is
to be cood in law to secure to the sole
owner the sole right during its term to the
exclusive use, make and sale of such
patented invention. A proviso gives all
persons having apparatus containing any
of these inventions in u«e at the time of
j issuing any such patent the right to con
tinue the use of snch apparatus without
| charge or molestation, and no one is to be
i liable to Mr. Drawhaugh for any manufac
ture, sale or use of Drawbaugh's inventions
occurring prior to the issuance of tlie
patent or patents authorized in the bill
favorably reported.
WAITING FOR IT TO THAW.
SAYS M'KINLEY
WILL BE NAMED,
Senator Quay Predicts the
Nomination of the
Oh .Kin.
THAT VISIT TO CANTON.
Believed to Have Won Second
Place on the Ticket for
Hastings.
HAD BEEN REFUSED BY REED.
The Speaker Declines to Become the
Successiul Candidate's Running
Mate.
WASHINGTON, D. C. t June 3.— While
Senator Quay's statement that Governor
McKinlpy would be nominated on the first
ballot at St. Louis created no special sur
prise it has aroused a great deal of inter
est and comment among members of Con
gress. It is understood that the interview
held last Saturday night between Quay
and Platt was not as harmonious as it
might have been. The Senator is said to
have sharply arraigned Mr. £latt for the
tactics he is employing against McKinley,
and to have pointed out to him that inas
much as McKinley would certainly be
nominated he was only injuring himself
by keepinc up the fight.
Senator Quay was seen by a Call cor
respondent this afternoon. He said he
had nothing to add to his statement al
ready made. He conceded that McKinley
would have 479 votes certainly on the first
ballot, with a probability of others when
Scene in J. A. Eeloli's Saloon Where Murderer Dunham Lunched and Dozed for Three Hours on the
Morning of the Day of the Bloody Deei.
it appealed that McKinley would win. It
must not be understood however, that
Senator Quay has withdrawn from his own
Presidential candidacy. He has been in
dorsed for President by the State of Penn
sylvania, is proud of the honor, and as he
is pledged to remain in the race he will do
so, although he realises that McKinley
will be nominated.
Senator Quay continued: "I will furnish
you with tables of estimates. I have not
put out any heretofore, so take your pencil
and write down the vote which I believe
McKinley will have on the first ballot at
St. Louis. The figures I give yon are cor
rect as the delegates stand tc-<lav."
The Senator then dictated the following:
Alabama s 'North Dakota 8
Arkansas . 1ej0ht0........ 4 1>
Call ornla. 14 Oregon;..- .......*.. 8
C0nnecticut............ 6 Pennsylvania..........: 4
fc)#0reia...... ............ 9 souify Carolina 3
Illinois 36 South Dakota ......... 8
1ndiana. ..........:. -.30 Tenne55ee;....;. ....... 18
Kansas '20 Texas 6
Kentucky.... 10 Vermont 8
Louisiana 30 iVlrcinia 16
Maryland..... 10 WasUtiißton 8
Michigan ....28 Weit Virginia ...12
Minnesota .18: Wisconsin 24
Mississippi 9, Wyoming 6
Missouri ?! New Mexico 1
Nebraska..... 16 Indian Territory...... 2
New Jer5ey..... .......16 '
New York 4 Total 479
North Carolina 18)
"There," said Senator Quay; "that is
correct. Of course, we cannot tell how
many others may swing into line as the
vote proceeds."
"Ti.ese tigure3 mean, therefore, Senator,
that Mr. McKinley will be nominated on
the first ballot?"
"That is the size of it," he answered
cheerfully, like a man who bad been aware
of the fact for some time.
In the following States Mr. Quay did
not give any deleEntos to Mr. McKinloy:
Colorado, Delaware, Florida, Idaho, lowa,
Maine, Massachusetts, Montana, Nevada.
New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Utah;
also in the following territories: Arizona,
Oklahoma, Alaska and District of Colum
bia. The Senator had no comments to
make on his table except to say that it
was his own estimate, based on reliable in
formation.
"What atont the platform, Senator, now
fiat Mr. McKinley is sure to be nomina
ted?" he was asked.
"I think the Pennsylvania platform is
good enough," he replied.
When it was suggested that there was a
good deal of talk about the Ohio platform,
Mr. Quay declined to mate any comments
whatever.
Governor Hastings of Pennsylvania, who
is Quay's choice for the Vice-PresiJential
nomination, arrived in Washington to
night. He declined to discuss his o>vn
Vice-Presidential candidacy, and would
say only that he esteemed it a great honor
to be mentioned in that connection. The
Governor is understood to have said to an
intimate friend to-night tuat Senator Quay
had by no means withdrawn from the
Presidential race.
"He has been indorsed by Pennsyl
vania, and feels highly honored," he said.
''It would certainly be an ungracious act
for him to withdraw in advance of the
convention."
Although Mr. Quay himself to-day re
peated his avowal that he was yet an
aspirant for the Presidential nomination,
the politicians realize that he has gone
over to the McKinley camp, bag and bag
gage, and that when the State of Pennsyl
vania is called in the convention they be
lieve he will thank the Pennsylvania dele
gates for their support and will withdraw
and move that McKinley's nomination be
made unanimous. Just what reward Mr.
Quay expects to receive is, of course, only
a matter of conjecture, but it is generally
believed among politicians here that he
hopes not only to nominate Hastings for
Vice-President but to control the Penn
sylvania patronage.
There was published in a New York pa
per to-day what purported to be a visit of
Senator Quay to Canton. It was a labored
effort, intended to show that Mr. Quay
had benged for an interview with Major
McKinley, and had gone to Canton with
out an invitation and had been met there
with the declaration that he must make
"an absolute surrender."
When the story was called to the atten
tion of Senator Quay the latter laughed
heartily and said that somebody had evi
dently thought he had made a great dis
covery. The Senator refused to take any
public notice of the article, the absurdity
of which is reco^niz-^d by friends of both
Mr. Quay and Mr. McKinley.
Mr. Quay has steadily refused to discuss
his visit to Mr. McKinley, but it is known
positively here that his journey was not
undertaken at his own suggestion. He
did not beg for an audience with Mr. Mc-
Kinley, and the meeting and interview
were alike honorable and satisfactory to
both.
The nomination of McKinley having
been practically settled by the action of
Senator Quay in conceding the certainty
of such a result and the large preponder
ance of delegates under instructions to
vote that way, about the only question
under discussion around the Capitol now
is: Who is the coming man for second
place on the ticket?
It is prett> well understood that Speaker
j Reed has been approached by certain in/
! nuences not far from Canton and Cleve^
j land, Ohio, requesting that he should per
mit his name to be used in that connec
tion, and the intimation has been given
I that such a decision on his part would be
1 most agreeable to the prospective head of
I the Republican ticket. It is also under
j stood that Mr. Reed has expressed his ap
! preciation of the compliment thus ten-
I dered, but under no circumstances would
he permit the use of his name in that con
nection. Not that the Vice- Presidency is
not an exalted office and worthy to excite
the ambition of any distinguished citizen,
but that he considers the speakership of
• the House a position more to his taste and
one in which he can serve people in a far
. greater degree for good than as presiding
I officer of the Senate.
Speaker Reed was shown the statement
given out by Senator Quay, in which the
latter conceded McKinley's nomination.
After reading it carefully the Speaker ex
pressed surprise that Senator Quay gave
McKinley six votes in Connecticut.
It may be said that under no circum
stances will Speaker Reed accept a nomi- |
nation for the Vice-Presidency. Official
position without opportunity he regards
as absolutely unworthy his acceptance,
and that is just what he thinks of the po
| sition of Vice-President.
A man of much wealth and advanced in
years, he thinks, might be satisfied to wear
the blue ribbon of the Vice-Presidency
and appear at social functions in an orna
mental capacity, but to a man of limited
means, like himself, who, at the end of
his term of office as Vice-President would
feel the loss of the $*00G salary that goes
with the position, the acceptance of it is
hardly worth considering.
The Speaker's friends know his feelings
in this regard, and they are willing to
stand wkh him and by him in any course
that lie may adopt, believing that his time
will come and that the Republican party,
of which he has so long been a conspicu
ous member, will in the course of events
honor him with the nomination for Presi
dent.
"I see," said one of the Speaker's friends
to him to-day, "that you are spoken of as
a good man for running mate with ex-Gov
ernor McKinley."
"Is that so?" said the Speaker. "A run
Continued on Third Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DUNHAM SLEPT
IN A MANGER
Vaqueros Put to Flight a
Man Believed to Be
the Fugitive.
POSSES CLOSE ON THE
TRAIL.
Sacks Worn Upon His Feet
Are Found Near Quien
Sabe Valley.
SEEN BY A MOUNTAINEER'S
DAUGHTER.
Constance Soto Frightened by a
Stranger — Eleven Thousand Dol
lars Reward.
HOLLISTER, Cal., June 3.— The hunt
for Dunham waxes exciting in this county.
Sheriffs Lyndon, Matthews, Holbrook and
Ballou were joined late last night by Swei
eert and Edson of San Jose. A courier
from this posse reports a thorough search
of the country around the Gypsey mine
without success. The posse then turned
s«uth and will search the country from
the Quien Sabe through to Los Aguilas.
Sheriff McAvoy jof San Mateo County,
with Deputy Sheriffs Gardner and Rives of
San Jose, arrived from Bells Station this
afternoon with an outfit of saddles and
ammunition, but no horses. They report
having run across the trail of Dunham
four miles south of Mountain House, and
also the finding of sacks that had been
worn upon his feet. The fugitive's tracks
were followed for seveial miles along the
ridge to the Quien Sabe.
McAvoy and Gardner at once started for
Hollister and pushed on to Panoche Val
ley to head the fugitive off if he attempted
to go through the Los Aguilas. Under
Sheriff Brown furnished them a requisi
tion for saddle horses, and also dispatched
a messenger to Lyndon and Holbrook.
Every avenue of escape in this county is
now thoroughly guarded, and if Dunham
is here at all he will be starved out or cap
tured.
SEEK AT SEVERAL POINTS.
Peculiar Tactics of the Stranger BeUeteit
to Kf Dunham.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 3.— The seat of
action in the chase eUer murderer Dun
ham has been transferred from Smiths
Creek and Indian Gulch to Pacheco Pass
and the neighborhood of Hollister. Sher
iffs Lyndon, Ballou and Mathews and the
dogs are still working in that county.
Deputy Sheriff Harrison, who has charge
of the branch County Jail here, has been
with the posse, but was compelled to re
turn to this city to-day, and from him a
recital of the prospects there was secured.
He came to-day direct from Bells Station,
which is situated at the foot of Pacheco
Pass, forty-nve miles south of Mount
Hamilton. Mountain House is situated
on the summit of the mountains at Pa
checo Pass. The Sheriffs were summoned
there by the report that vaqueros saw a
man whom they took to be Dunham on
Tuesday morning, when they went to the
barn to feed their horses. He was in the
manger and sprang out at their approach
and ran away. The vaqueros had not at
the time heard of the murder and made
no
Deputy Harrison is confident that the
trail is a good one. He was with the
posse of Under Sheriff Gardner, consisting
of Sheriff McAvoy of San Mateo and
Preston Rives of Gilroy, who went down
the Dacca Creek, southeast from Mount
Hamilton, on Monday. He says they
st ruck what, appeared to be a good lead on
the fugitive near the Dowdy Ranch.
"We followed these tracks," he said
to-dny, "along the creek down to the road
leading to Gilroy and Los Gatos. Here
we lost the tracks for that day. The track
showed one shu^pointed, the other blunt,
an d I can only suppose that one shoe was
pretty well worn and wrapped in sacking,
"The next morning (Tuesday) we went
to make inquiries at the Mountain House (
at the summit of the Pacheco Pass. Here
the vaqueros declared that as they went
to feed their horses early that morning a
man jumped out of the manger and ran
away. The news of the murder had not
yet reached the place, so the cattlemen
did net attempt to stop the fellow, but
their descript ion of him convinces us it
was none other than Dunham.
"After a short search around the barn
Gardner found the same tracks we had
Good
Is essential to I j 1 f~\.M~Lf\
health. This is true [j j \}\ JO
from the very nature
of the human body. The Dlood is the cir-
culating fluid which carries nourishment
to all the organs. The health of the body,
the strength of the nerves, depend upon
the quality of the blood with which the
nerves and other organs are supplied.
Good blood : means strong nerves, good
digestion, robust health. The surest way
to have good blood is to take Hood's Sar-
saparilla. This medicine possesses ex-
actly those qualities which enable the
blood to carry health to every nerve, or-
gan and tissue. , It creates a good appe-
tite, gives refreshing sleep and cures that
tired feeling.
Sarsaparilla
Is the best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier
H/wwPc Pi lie the best family cathartic
llOOa Srll IS d ii Ver stimulant, -0c2
followed the previous day close to the cor
ral. They wont down over the mountain j
toward the Santa Ana Valley. We fol
lowed these for ten or fifteen miles, when
we came upon the sack in which one foot
had been wrapped, worn through by the
beel and sole of the shoe. Shortly after
the discovery we lost all trace of the
tracks in the grass. Gardner, McAvoy and
Kives, however, will stay with it, as we
are confident we are hot on the fugitive's
trail. He had but one day's start of us, if
the man seen at the Mountain House
is he.
"Alansfieid and Hayden were detailed to
go down the east side of the mountain to
watch the trails of the San Joaquin side.
Dunham, however, has evidently gone
Booth— following the range right down.
He probably makes fifteen or twenty miles
a day and has no difhcultyin getting food
in that country. There are plenty of
camps and the rule is; fora hungry man to
help himself at any camp he strikes. W e
obtained food in this way.
"A pos.se ' vied by Sheriff Lyndon,
continued Harrison, "with McAvoy and
Bailou, have gone direct to Hollister and
will work upward from the south with the
intention of heading off Dunham if be is
traveling in that direction, as we firmly
believe. That he is armed there seems no
doubt. The vaqueros at the Mountain
House state that they saw a revolver in
the belt of the man who leaped out of the
mancer and made off.
"These mountain places are so remote
from any means of communication that
.it most of them the news of the mur
ders and Dunham's flight wa9 unknown.
We left descriptions and photographs
everywhere we went."
Deputy Harrison was compelled by his
duties at the jail to give up the chase tem
porarily, but he will return as soon as he
has looked after affairs here.
Sam Bane, who has been with Erwin
Frost's party, came in to-day from the
place, also eloquent with news of the
irail in that direction. He uses the name
inham freely and without qualifica
tion as being the man who stole certain
tea and pork and such things from cabins
along the mountain trails. He works in
the pointed-toe shoe that has made sued a
conspicuous imprint all over the face of
the everlasting hills. He goes further; he
brougiit with him the exact, dimensions of
the tracks in black and white on paper
and is sure that no other man than Dun
ham could have made them. Mr. Bane
•rives ns his reason for turning away from
this hot trail that he wanted to notify the
Sheriff's oih'ee— the Sheriff being at" this
time working on this very trail near Hol
• ster. For this he left hisehances on that
$10,000 reward to other men, and does not
even intimate that he preferred immediate
and certain fame to a merely possible ior
tune. However, he tells an" interesting
BtorV.
Aiter detailing how Dunham broke into
a shanty occupied by Japs on the Little
ranch (the Japs being away) and stealing
tome provender, he says :
"The next definite trace we found of him
was by following along the Monterey road
to the Twelve-Mile House. Here, a boy
named Roper saw him. In passing the
house, Dunham took to the barley field,
bending down as he moved through the
growing grain. Before you reach Coyote,
there is a ravine off to the left of the county
road. Dunham got off the road into the
ravine to pass the night there. He was
not aware that a house stood back in the
ravine, hidden t>y trees, until he came
right upon it. A Spanish girl named Con
stance boto lives there with her father.
"Old man Soto had not yet come home
for his supper and Constance stood outside
the shanty watching for him. Instead of
her father she saw Dunham come down
the ravine, slowly, looking to the right
and left for a good place to sleep. When
close to the nouse Dunham looked up,
discovered the shanty and the girl. His
appearance was the reverse of reassuring,
and as he made a move toward her the
girl turned, ran into the house, locked the
door and, womanlike, watched him
through the window. He turned wearily,
retraced his steps, gained the county road.
and bore off to the right into a barlej field
toward Coyote Creek. That night he
lay among the willows by the creek.
"From the willows we* traced his tracks
back to the county road as he made lor
ih»» Coyote bridge, whicn he desired to
cross. He was unable to do so, as three
men were working on the bridge, so he
hung around Fisher Lake. At 5 o'clock
i he men left work and Dunham left the
willows, crossed the bridge and is now
making his way toward Llagas, where he
has friends. We followed his tracka along
until after dark and the balance of the
popse have camped upon the trail and will
follow it to the end. I have come in to
notify the Sheriff's office."
The balance of the posse who are follow
ing the s e tracks toward Llagas are Erwin
Frost, Tom O'Toole and a Spaniard named
Friacca Fisher. Sam Bane, after making
his report, will return to the posse to as
sist it. He does not anticipate any soft
snap.
WASTED DEAD OR ALIVE.
The Captor of Dunham ft ins Eleven
Thousand Dollar*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 3.— The citizens'
executive committee, consisting of M. H.
Hyland, chairman: .Mitchell Phillips, A.
K. "Whitton, Gas Lion and L. A. Spitzer,
appointed at the citizens' mass-meeting in
the courthouse Tuesday night, entered
upon its duties with energy and deter
mination this morning. The entire day
was devoted to outlining the ways and
means for securing a fund of $10,000 to be
offered as a reward for the capture of
James C. Dunham, dead or alive.
A meeting was held in the otlice of IC
11. Hylami, in the Porter building. One
of the first things determined upon was
the issuance of a large cardboard placard,
containing an enlarged photograph of the
murderer and the announcement of the
reward. The details of, this poster were
soon decided upon, and d»e as follows:
MI'RBKR.
Ton thousand dollars reward to be paid by
the citizens of Santa Clara County. Cal., for the
rapture, dead or ahve, and $1000 will be paid
by the Governor of California for the arrest
and conviction of James C. Dunham.
James C. Dunham deliberately murdered six
porsons on the night of May 'itf, 1896, at the
home of Colonel K. P. McGlincy, near Camp
bells, in Santa Clam County, Cal., consisting of
Mrs. Hattif Dunham, Colonel R. P. McGlincy,
Mrs. R. P. McGlincy, Jame? K. Wells, Miss Min
nie .Scnessler, Robert A. Brisuoe.
Description— Thirty-two years dd. Nearly
cix feet high. About 165 pounds. Hits dark
features, dark hair and dark mustache, blue
eyes, medium complexion. He is an exjiert
bicyclist and may be on awheel. When last
seen he wore a black suit, rut-away coat, black
soft hat, number nine shoes, sharp pointed
toes; »alkb very erect; chin recede* when he
laughs. Citizens Exkmtivk committee.
Telegraph any information at his expense to
J. H. Lyndon, Sheriff, San Jose, Sau'ta Clara
County, Cal. I'luase post this in conspicuous
place.
This form for the poster was at once
given into the hands of a printer, with in
structions to get them out with all possi
ble haste.
The committee also decided that the co
operation of the ladies of the county in
the matter of raising funds tor the reward
was indispensible and the following circu
lar letter was issued and «*Mit to a large
number cf the most prominent ladies of
the city.
SAX JOPE, Cal., June 3. -Dear Madam: For
the lirst lime in the history of this State,
women are appealed to iw a cause the like oi
which they have never before been asked to
aid.
Three of your sex have been piost cruelly
murdered, and we desire the material assist
ance of every woman in Sania Clara County in
bringing tbe murderer, James C. Dunham, to
justice. V ( >v are asked to assist in this matter,
to th<; ox tent of obtaining snbacriptioiUFto com
plete the sum of $10,000 that is offered by the
( itizens of Santa Clara County as a reward for
tpiure of Dunham, deurt or alive.
You are earnestly requested to meet with
other ladies in the parlors of the St. James
Hotel (near the Courthouse), Thursday, June
4, at 10 a. M., and then and there to devise a
way to canvass the city and county for sub
scriptions.
Be so good as not to allow pny other busi
ness to prevent you from attending this meet
ing. Kespectfully yours.
Citizens' Exkcctivb Committee.
The office of the committee was besieged
to-day by men seekintr engagements to go
upon the hunt for Dunham. Chairman
Hyland stated that many men were anx- 1
ious to go upon the hunt upon their own
account provided they could procure sad
dle-horses. He desired all who could con
tribute the use of saddle-horses to notify
"6f course," he stated, "these horses
will not be given to any but responsible
parties."
RAN JOSEANS NOT HOPEFUL.
Growing r.elief That the JUurderer Es
caped on a Bicycle.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 3.— With the
failures, one after another, of the leads
that in their first flush looked so hopeful
for the capture of Murderer Dunham the
belief that the man has altogether "fooled"
the officers and is now speeding south
astride a bicycle is trrowing in San Jose,
despite the news from Hollister. That
Dunham's bicycle is a factor in this crime,
or in the escape, or was intended by him
to be. is certain.
Its disappearance with him would leave
no doulu of that. He took the wheel from
Osgood's cyclery on Monday morninp. It
had been in the cyclery for two weeks
awaiting a new tire from the East. He
had been riding another wheel in the
interim. The tire had not arrived on
Monday an I he could wait no longer;
he took it away with him and with the
other wheel. That is to «ay. he went
away with two wheels. Neither of them
can be found. He did not rive a wheel to
the McGlincy house on the night of the
murder. The Call has proven that.
The impossibility of locating Dunham
at any :ime Monda"y night must naturally
associate itself with the mystery of those
wheels. It is a reasonable conclusion that
he employed that night in secreting them
where they would best serve nis purpose,
and new evidence discovered by a Cam.
correspondent to-day serves to strongly
support that conclusion.
As early as 7 o'clock on Tuesday morn
ing James C. Dunham entered the saloon
Roy Gnilkey, the Young Bicyclist Who Says He Saw Dunham tarly Tuesday
Morning and That lie Looked Like a .Man Who Had Had Little Sleep.
of J. A. Belloli at the corner of South
Third and San Fernando streets.
The saloon is attached to a grocer»stqre
and is somewhat removed from the busier
thoroughfares of the city. Dunham was
not known to anybody about the place.
He was dusty and tired and drowsy. He
took a seat in a corner of the saloon, where
there were few customers at that hour,
and with his head bowed on his hand over
a table he remained there for more than
two hours. Occasionally he arose and
helped himself at the lunch box that
stands against the wall at the back part of
the saloon.
Dunham does not drink. He bought
nothing at the bar, and this fact, together
with the other that neither the barkeeper
nor Mr. Belloli remembered having seen
him before, attracted their attention. The
barkeeper says the stranger ate a hearty
breakfast out of the lunch box.
When Mr. Belloli arrived, he at once
noticed the silent man in the corner, with
his head on his hand, and asked the bar
keeper what he was doing — if he was
sleeping there. The barkeeper replied
that be did not seem to be sleeping, and so
no further attention was paid to him.
Shortly before 10 o'clock Roy Guilkev, a
young man employed in the San Jose
cvclery, entered the saloon. He knows
Dunham well, and was much surprisea at
seeing him there, as he knows that he does
not drink. He did not speak to him, how
ever, as the man's attitude and manner did
not invite social advances. Neither did
he mention the matter at that time to the
barkeeper. When the following morning
he saw the report of the fearful tragedy at
Campbells the incident flashed upon him
instantly, and, going over to Belloli's, he
informed him who his strange visitor was.
From this saloon Dunham went to the
bank and drew out all the money that was
there to his credit — something over $1000.
Thence he went to Bchool and remained
through the session, trying to wear his
customary studious appearance, although
his abstraction was such that it did not es
cape the notice of the pupils nearest him.
When leaving school, he did not take his
books with him, something that had not
occurred before in his three months' at
tendance there.
After school and from about 4 o'clock
until 7, as traced by The Call, Dunham
was in the neighborhood of the Willows,
visiting the property-owners there and
making the inquiries that had called him
there before, concerning the value of land.
At 5 o'clock he entered the Willow Gien
grocery-store, on Willow street, and re
mained f ossiping with the proprietor, a
man whom he did not know, for nearly an
hour.
Leaving the Willow Glen store, he
started toward the electric-cars that would
carry him toward Dry Creek. Frank
Sprung, an acquaintance and proprietor
of the blacksmith-shop at Willows, was
about to pass without recognizing him,
but Dunham, the silent and morose, grown
voluble now, stopped him, crying:
"Hello, Frank."
They stopped and talked for some time,
Dunham appearing in no hurry. As they
parted Sprung asked: "How is Jim?"
meaning Jimmy Wells. To this question
Duuham had no reply, for he was even
thfn on his way to murder Jimmy Wells.
This chain of circumstances all point in
one direction — that Dunham was laying a
careful plan covering the alternatives and
contingencies of his contemplated crime.
He was an expert and practiced bicyclist.
He nad had Ogood a week or ten days be
fore place on this wheel that he took away
that Monday morning a speedier gear.
He procured a new tire elsewhere and that
night he probably rode to the summit of
Mount Hamilton and there concealed the
one wheel. .Possibly he concealed the
other nearer home.
He returned to the city early Monday
morning and went to a saloon where lie
was not known and rested there until the
hour when he might appear upon the
street without comment.
He secured his money and his prepara
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
tions for flight were complete. For the
rest he must prepare with equal care in
case he would be compelled to flee. He
went to school as usual, as though
thoughts of anything so extraordi
nary as murder were furthest from
his studies; later he made himself
conspicuous at a point reasonably
distant from the McGlincy house,
and where his appearance would no doubt
fit to plans laid for the event of his not
being compelled to escape; in other words,
he was arranging an alibi.
He went to the McGlincy home and
murdered three women, one after the
other by such silent methods as not to
cause alarm on the part of even the third
victim until her time had come, and she
died also with no outcry having been
made.
Had he succeeded as well with the three
men whose doom was fixed for some two
hours later (posses would probably not
now be looking for James C. Dunham. He
would have been here, probably, proclaim
ing himself the most shocked and be
reaved of men, incapable of such a crime.
And in support of that claim he would
have pointed to his correct and temperate
and studious life up to the very moment
of the deed.
But in the dark hallway where he met
them, and after he had struck down old
man McGlincy with his ax, Jimmy Wells,
the young tiger-like athlete, sprang upon
him and threw him to the floor and placed
hi 3 hands on his throat, and would have \
strangled him in his turn. He was com
pelled to resort to his revolver.
Though he hoped he would not have to
use them he had foreseen and prepared
for this emergency also. The bullet-marks
in the ccilinir ana slanting upward in the
walls give evidence of how the murderer
was on his way back when he began to
use his noisy weapon, and. of how, also,
Jimmy Wells foiled him for a time even in
that.
That was a brave fight in the dark hall
way—the young man taken wholly by
Bnrpri« a and unprepared. The armed man
trlun eil— a bullet after a while found
the ot;ier'i heart. Then Dunham was
compelled to go out and sees McGlincy
whither he had fled, and the secret was
out. His voice was heard and one man
got away.
Dunham knew then that he must flee.
He went baci to the house and took with
him his pictures and papers — everything
that would aid in his identification, the
police being upon his trail. He had
thought the situation out to its furthest
possibility.
He took a horse, careless of there being
no saddu>— he was not going to ride far—
ana went toward the gulch of Mount
Hamilton. The horse has been found in
Indian Gulch, and the Sheriff 's posse has
been skirmishing around that inaccessible
ravine for days.
Certainly they have given such a shrewd
and thoughtful and painstaking man am
| pie time to avail himself of the conveni
| ence which everything indicates, and
[ which it is only reasonable to suppose he
■ provided for himself for his escape. If he
reached the other side of the mountain
and there found a bicycle he would find
line coasting into the San Joaquin.
With a bicycle suit and a clean shave
or a week's growth of beard, just as you
please, he might ride to Texas no niore
subject to suspicion than any other of the
thousands of hump-backed young gentle
men on their summer outing.
it is to be hoped that this is not the
correct theory; that the bearer of the
celebrated pointed-toe shoe is really Mur
derer Dunham; that he is tramping round
in the wilderness and that some one well
armed will track the tracks up to and get
the drop on him. But all that la here re
lated indicates a very shrewd as well as
daring man, and it would certainly be the
part of wisdom to look for him in more
than one place at a time.
Troops Join the i lms?.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 3.— A battalion
of lieht artillery under Major McCrea,
consisting of troops D and F, camped out
of town to-day on its way to the Yosemite
on a practice march. It will go through
Pacheco Pass, down the San Joaquin Val
ley, over the track that it is supposed
Murderer Dunham has taken. Under
Sheriff Benson saw in this another oppor
tunity to increase the force of Dunham's
pursuers, and accordingly paid a visit to
the camp to-day and placed ia the hands
of Major McCrea a photograph of the
murderer, requesting him to post it where
all his men might become familiar with
the likeness and direct them to keep a
lookout for the fugitive. The major
readily agreed to do as requested and to
exercise a sharp lookout during the march
south.
Under Sheriff Benson does not believe
much in the theory that Dunham shot
himself in Indian Gulch and that his
body is still there. However, as a precau
tionary measure and out of respect to the
many who do believe, he sent Byron Cot
tie up to the gulch to day with the Mc-
Glincys' old house dog. CoUle went to
tne desolated farm this morning and se
cured the dog, which was found in the
care of a neighbor. It is said that Dun
ham yras fond of and petted the dog a
great deal, it was the only friend he had
there. He left it, also, a survivor of that
nignt's work — it and his own baby.
Cottle will meet old man Reynolds, who
alone remains of the legion of man
hunters at Smiths Creek. Together they
will go through the length and breadth of
Indian Gulch and watch the performance
of the dog. Benson has the notion that if
the body is in the gulch the old aog may
find it. This is the last resort in that di
rection.
Darwin declared that all human ears
were formerly movable. Persons are oc
casionally found who still retain this
power.
OLD GROVER GETS
ANOTHER HARD SLAP
The River and Harbor Bill
Is Now an Act of
Congress.
THE VETO OVERRIDDEN.
Hill Says That Democrats Should
Stand by the President's
Judgment,
BUT FINDS FEW SUPPORTERS.
When Put to the Vote There Are
Only Five Objectors to the
Measure.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 3.— The
Senate to-day followed the example set
yesterday by the House in passing by a
vote of 50 to 5* the river and harbor bill
over the President's veto. The five nega
tive votes came from Democratic Sena
tors, namely: Bate, Chilton, Hill, Smith
and Vilas. The debate preceding the vote
occupied four hours. Speeches in favor of
overriding the veto were made by Senators
Vest of Missouri, Sherman of Ouio, Petti
grew of South Dakota, Berry of Arkansas,
Stewart of Nevada, Hawley of Connecti
cut and Butler of North Carolina.
Speeches in favor of sustaining the veto
were made by Smith, Vilas, Bate and Hill
— the latter introducing a joint resolution
to amend the constitution by giving the
President power to veto any items in an
appropriation bill, a power which the con
stitution of the State of New York gives
to the Governor of that State. Petti
grew's sjieech characterized the veto
power as a relic of the past, which has no
place in free government. He denounced
the President in severe terms, charging
him with an utter disregard of his sacred
oath of office, with overriding the laws,
influencing Congressmen by the use of
patronage, enriching the favorites at the
public expense, and, in fact, permitting no
restraint by his imperial will.
Immediately after the morning prayer,
the reading of the journal having been
dispensed with, the Senate, by a vote of
38 ayes to 10 noes, agreed to a motion by
Vest (D.) of Missouri to proceed to the
consideration of the President's veto of
the river ana harbor bill, despite an ob
jection by Pettigrew (R.) of South Dakota,
who desired to proceed with the consider
ation of the conference report on the
Indian appropriation bill. Negative votes
were >.iven by Bate, Brown, Chilton, Har
ris, Palmer, Pettigrew, Pritchard, Morrill,
Teller and Vilas. The Vice - President
stated the question to be on the passage of
the bill, the objections of the President to
the contrary notwithstanding. Vest said
that there w*re statviiients in the Presi
dent's message as to i ich, with all due
respect to the President and his high office,
something should be said in defense of the
two houses of Congress. He should en
! deavor to say just as niuchabout the bill ami
i the message as was absolutely necessary
! and no more. \Vhile unquestionably the
! President of the United States had the
I constitutional power to exercise his veto
! prerogative it was not the idea of the con
stitution that that veto power should be
' exercised as one of the ordinary instru
| mentalities of administering government.
i The veto power had been exercised only
' seven times in the first twenty-eight years
! of the Government— twice by Washington
, and live times by Madison. Never by John
Adams or Thomas Jefferson.
Vest proceeded to discuss the message in
detail, and pointed out various inac
j curacies in it. The President, Vest said,
j had charged Congress with extravagance,
j but if the President had turned to the j
j river and harbor bills enacted in the last I
I six years he would have discovered that, ;
I considering the size of the country and the i
i demands of internal commerce, the bill i
| was comparatively economical.
Sherman (It.) of Ohio gave reasons why
he should vote for the pa.-sage of the bill,
notwithstanding the President's objec- j
tions. In the first place he did not think
that such an appropriation bill ought ever
to be vetoed under any circumstances. It
was not a mandatory provision, but
merely a permissive one. If the Secretary
of the Treasury said there was "no money
in the treasury not otherwise appro
priated," he was not bound to expend it.
So that' the President had complete con
trol of the whole matter. Therefore he
could not conceive a case where such a
bill should be vetoed.
Congress, Sherman declared, ought to
stand by its exclusive power to appropri
ate money, leaving to the President the
expenditure of it only when there is suf
ficient money in the treasury for the pur
pose. He could not imagine a veto which
he would support. Instead of seven vetoes
in the first twenty-eight years of the Gov
ernment vetoes came to one Jhouse or the
other now almost every day. Congress
ought to curb or check, if possible, the
exercise of the veto power.
Vilas (D.) of Wisconsin said that al
though the State of Wisconsin had been
lioerally treated in the bill he could not
bring himself to face the conviction that
under present circumstances the large ap
propriations in it ought not to be added to
the weight of obligations already imposed
upon the distressed shoulders of the
people.
Arguments in favor of the passage of the
bill were made Dy Berry (D.) of Arkansas,
Pettigrew (R.) of South Dakota, Stewart
(Pop.) of Nevada and Hawley (R.) of Con
necticut.
Bate (D.) of Tennessee asserted tnat the
issuance of bonds Was behind the bill, or
else a tariff law that would overtop even the
McKinley act. Hill (D.) of New York up
held the veto power against the criticism
unon it, and reminded the Democratic side
of the chamber that President Jackson had
inaugurated the vetoing of the river and
harbor bills, haying in 1832 returned to
Congress one with his objections. The
veto now under consideration, Hill said,
was based oa the grounds of expediency,
laying stress on the enormous amounts to
be expended now and in the near future.
After a painstaking consideration of the
whole measure — more careful and exten
sive than most Senators could have given
to it — the President has refused to approve
the bill and he (Hill) thought that the
President's uction should be sustained
rather than overruled. As one who had
voted against the bill on its original pas
sage the message had confirmed his con
victions of its undesirability as a whole at
the present time. He regretted that the
constitution did not give the President
more power to veto particular items in an
appropriation bill. Such a power had ex
isted for many years in New York and
other States, and there was no disposition
anywhere to abandon it. He introduced a
joint resolution proposing an amendment
to the constitution giving the President
power to veto items in an appropriation
bill. It was read and laid on the table.
Butler (Pop.) of North Carolina thought
that Hili's proposed amendment was quite
consistent with that Senator's action and
vote yesterday against the bond bill.
Butler had also proposed a constitutional
amendment in regard to the veto power,
giving a majority in each House the power
to pass a bill over the President's veto. At
the close of ButJer's remarks the vote was
taken, and the river and harbor bill was
passed over the President's veto by the
necessary two-thirds majority— ayes 56,
noes s— as follows:
Ayes— Aldrich, Allison. Bacon, Berry, Brice,
Burrows, Butler. Cannon, Carter, Chandler,
Clark, Cullom, Davis. Dubois, Kllcins, Faulk
ner, Gallinger, Gear, George, Gibson, Gorman,
Hale, Hansbrough, Hawley, Jones of Arkansas,
Jones of Nevada, Lindsav, Lodge, Mcßride,
Mills, Mitchell of Oregon, Mitchell of Wiscon
sin, Morgan, Nelson, Pasco, Peffer, Perkins,
Pettigrew, Platt, Pritchard, Pugh, Quay. Sher
man, Bhoup, Squire. Stewart, Teller.lTillmaii,
Turpie, Vest, Waithall, Warren, Wetmore,
White, Wilson, Wolcott— s6.
Noes— Bate, Chilton, Hill, Smith, Vilas— s.
There was a group of more than twenty
members of the House standing in the
space back ftf the Republican seats while
the vote was in progress. They showed a
very lively interest in the matter and with
drew as soon as the result of the vote was
announced.
Conference report (partial) on the naval
appropriation bill was presented by Hale
(R) of Maine, who explained that the
only matters still unadjusted had refer
ence to the number of new battle-ships,
certain provisions in regard to their con
struction and the places where they are to
be built, all bein;; involved in the question
of number. The only other question re
maining open was as to the armor plate
for uncompleted ships. Chandler spoke
of the price io be paid for the armor plate.
In view of the fact thai the Bethlehem
Works contracted to supply armor for $300
a ton, the Committee on Naval Affairs had
realized that unless the Secretary of the
Navy could make a contract for the armor
of these snips at an average price of $300,
instead of $500, no contract should bo
made for it prior to December, when he is
to report to Congress. He hoped that the
Senate would insist on that amendment
and extricate the Navy Department from
the clutches of home and foreign com
binations.
Lodge (R.) of Massachusetts expressed
the hope that the Senate would recede
from its amendment reducing the number
of battle-ships from four to two and agree
to the bill as it came from the House.
Quay (R.) of Pennsylvania made the
formal motion that the Senate recede from
the amendment reducing the number of
battle-ships to two.
At this point Morgan (D.) of Alabama
asked unanimous consent to off-T a reso
lution calling on the President for informa
tion and action in the matter of United
States citizens captured on board the Com
petitor by the Spanish authorities, tried
by court-martial and sentenced to death.
Objection was made by Hale (It.) o.f
Maine and the resolution was not offered.
After a long discussion on the price of
armor plate Tillman (D.) of South Caro
lina, being a member of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, said that he had very posi
tive opinions upon the question. He ar
gued that the prices paid to Carnegie and
the Bethlehem Company were extrava
gant, and that it was not possible that the
production of the armor could have cost
those works as much as $300 a tou. He
declared himself in favor of protection to
American products, but the Government
should not be robbed by those whom it
protected. He characterized Carnegie and
the Bethlehem works as "armor robbers,"
and described the armor plate furnished
by tiiem to the Government as fraudulent,
spongy and plug-holed." He asserted that
those institutions had a "lobby" around
the Capitol, and he asked : "Have we Sen
ators here who are interested in bavin ■
these contracts given out? I only asU, I
do not know."
At the close of Tillman's remarks the
conference report went over without ac
tion.
Hale asked unanimous consent to have
the vote taken upon the conference report
at 1 o'clock to-morrow ; objection was made
by Morgan (D.) of Alabuma — apparently
in retaliation fur Hale' a objection to his
resolution about the prisoners taken from
the Competitor. Aii arrangement was,
however, effected by Allison (R.) of lowa
under which Morgan was allowed to offer
his resolution (which was laid on the
table) and withdrew his objection to
Half's proposition to have the vote on the
conference report taken to-morrow at 1
o'clock after discussion under the ten
minute pule.
The Senate at 6:15 adjourned until to
morrow at 11 o'clock.
IN THE HOUS E.
An Old Election Contest Case Takes Up
Most of the Day.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3. — The
somewhat noted contested election case of
Murray vs. Elliott from the Charleston
(S. C.) district was the principal matter of
business before the llouso to-day. Elli
ott's election from that district had been
contested three times — in the Fiftieth,
Fifty-iirst and Fifty-fourth congresses. The
majority report of the committee in
charge of the caffl recommended the seat
ing of the contestant anil was advocated
by Overstreet (II.) of Indiana. The rui
noritv found that Klliott was entitled to re
ta n bis seat, and their view was ursed
upon the House by Jones (D.) of Vir
ginia. Without disposing of the case the
House at 5:550'c10(k adjourned.
A vote will be taken the first thing to
morrow
(^uite a contest preceded the considera
tion of the election case over the appro
priation in the general deficiency bill to
pay victims of the Ford's Theater disaster
the amounts recommended by tne Con
gressional committee which investigated
t lie claims. They were added in the
Senate, and Sayers'(D.l of Texas moved to
strike out the names of the several bene
liciaries the deaths of whose principals
were asserted not to be due to (he disaster
or who had not been injured in it accord
ing to the report of the War Department
officials, who also investigated the matter.
The motion was warmly supported by
Sayers and Cannon (E.) of Illinois and
opposed by Henderson and Updegvaff (K.)
of lowa, the latter a member of the com
mission making the awards.
By a vote of 12H to 9G the House agreed
to the motion, and those claims, if the
Senate agree, will go back to the commis
sion.
TRANS PORTION CHARGES.
Appropriations to I'av the, Southern Pa
cific Arrrpted by the House.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 3.— The
appropriation to pay the transportation
charges of the Southern Pacific Company,
which was passed by the Senate in. the de
ficiency bill, was to-day accepted by the
House of Representatives.
Judge Maguire, who was present, made
no opposition after hearing the following
letter read to the House:
Hon. J. 6. Cannon, Chairman Committee on Ap
propriations, House of Representative— The item
in the general deficiency appropriation bill of
$1,542,979 44 is to pay for the services of the
Southern Pacific Company over non-bond
aided lines. None of thi* amount is for ser
vices over the Central Pacific non-bond-aided
line, and the whole of said amount is entirely
distinct from, and in addition to the $2,409,
-818 20 incorported in the Pacific Railroad
funding bill, as reported to both Houses this
session, which latter amount stands credited
on the books of the Treasury Department and
is due from the Government to the Central Pa
cific Railroad Company for non-bond-aided
service. 0. a Hamun, Acting Secretary.
The Anti-liond Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 3.— The
Ways and Means Committee met to-day
and adjourned until to-morrow without
transacting any business. The Senate
anti-bond bill reached the committee just
as it was about to adjourn. Wheeler (D.)
of Alabama moved that the bill be re
ported favorably to the House. He did
not desire his motion voted upon, but
wished to have it pending bo that a vote
could be taken on it at to-morrow's
meeting.
FIGHTING FOR
RELIEF FUNDS,
Disgraceful Scene in the
City Council of St.
Louis.
CHARITY AND POLITICS.
Municipal Assemblymen Object
to Appropriating Money for
Tornado Sufferers.
TRY FILIBUSTERING TACTICS.
At One Time During the Session a
Free Fight Seemed to Be
Imminent.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 3.— As indicated
in these dispatches last night, the work of
raising and distributing relief funds for
the tornado sufferers is floundering in the
municipal politics. Honest differences of
opinion upon the advisability and legality
of appropriating funds for relief have
grown into bitter political warfare.
Mayor Walbridge, a possible candidate
for Governor, has resolutely refused to
appeal to the outside world for aid. Last
night he was Hanged in effigy in South St.
Louis, and a large public meeting held
there demanded that he withdraw from
his position of independence. It is un
questionably true that the friends or op
ponents of the Mayor's political hopes are
found opposing each other in the matter
of soliciting relief.
The measure to appropriate $100,000 of
city funds for relief, also met strong op
position on the plea that it was illegal.
The bill was resubmitted .to-day with a
proviso making it legal.
The House of Delegates, the lower
branch of the Municipal Assembly, met in
special session thi3 afternoon to consider
the amended appropriation bill. The pro
ceedings at times approached a rougti-and
tumble right among the members.
The House was in special session for the
purpose of passing an amended relief bill
of $100,000 for the sufferers from last
Wednesday's tornado. The city charter
requires a two-thirds vote on all relief
bill and the vote by which the bill passed
yesterday was one short of the required
number.
When the session was called to order it
lacked several mem be. s of a quorum and
the sergeant-at-arms was ordered to secure
the attendance of delinquent Delegates.
Before this was accomplished a number of
political discontents adopted filibustering
tactics and demanded that the members
present vote on the bill. By this means it
was thought to defeat the bill. The mo
tion to vote was carried and a count showed
that the bill had been adopted.
i Speaker Kelly refused to announce the
Vote until seven filibustering members
could be found and made to vote.
Delegates Judy, Wilaon, Wilcox and
Lloyd had vote i against the bill. They
became violent and threatened to leave
I unless the vote was announced.
Speaker Kelly appointed Delegate Scherf
| special sergeant-at-armo.
Delegate Lloyd tried to crowd over the
railing and escape and Scherf tnrew him
back into the inclosure.
A fight was narrowly averted and Doth
Lloyd and Wilcoi denounced Kelly, who
ordered them to sit down and continued
to refuse to announce the vote. Delegate
Wilcox tried to leave and he was thrown
back into his chair.
The opposition members clustered into
one corner and a free-for-all tight was im
minent. The sergeant-at-arms finally cor
raled the missing members and the bill
was passed by a vote of 19 to 3. The bill
now goes to the upper house and will be
immediately passed.
HIS FIRST BALL GAME.
Cardinal Satolli Witnesses a Contest
Betiven Two Good Teams.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 3.— A Wor
cester (Mass. ) special says: Cardinal Sa
tolli saw his first game of baseball here
yesterday. He was visiting Holy Cross
College, and with several of the in
structors sat in the stand and saw the
Newports, a strong, semi-professional
team, beat the college team, two to one,
in eleven innings. The Cardinal did not
understand the game and the explana
tions translated into Italian rather lost
their point. The suotletieg of the pitch
er's art and the stopping and throwing
of swift bulls did not appeal to him, but
when one player sent a tremendous sty
scraper to center and ran nearly to second
before the catch was made, he clapped his
nands and cried "Bravo."
Toward the find of the game a scorching
. . NEW TO-DAY.
John, brace up ! "
"I've been held up! Done up! $20 to
those .' wholesale ' woodchopners for a suit
not worth a con——"
"There! no profanity. Don't hold your-
self up— to ridicule. Get up and go to
Koos Bros, for one of their this week's $10
suits. In that way you can even up."
A great sale of suits and overcoats at $10.
The kind sold elsewhere at that price are not
permitted in our store.
J> 1m CO Men's All Wool Pants,
v O*lJ v worth $5 and $6.
Samples to out of town customers.
hot foul darted at his Eminence. He
dodged it swiftly and the ball smashed l the
back of his chair. The Carftina on y
smiled, and was seemingly not "> il"«i l "«
least friahtened. His secretary picked up
the halland the game stopped while me
Cardinal inspected it curiously for a mo
ment. At the end he said that he » as
sorry the Holy Cross team was beaten, ana
that the young men must strive to ao Dei
ter next time.
IMPORTANT DECISION.
Citiet Cannot Grant Vie of Streets for
Conduits and Subicitf/s.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., June 3.— A
decision has been handed down by the
Supreme Court sitting en bane in the test
case of the St. Louis Underground Service
Company against the Street Commis
sioners of that city, declaring all city
ordinances grantingcorporationsthe right
of way to lay conduits and subways for
electric wires or similar purposes void,
because the city holds the streets in trust
and cannot grant their use for private use.
The decision is of importance in view of
the proposed St. Louis subway system.
SINGLE-TAXERS RELEASED.
Boran and Stephens S*t Free by the,
'Govrrnor of Jtelatparfi.
WILMINGTON. Del., June 3.—Gover
nor William Thorp Watson to-day ordered
the release of William Horan and G.
Frank Stephens, the single- taxera vrho
were arrested in Dover last week for speak
ing on the streets and committed
to the County Jail for thirty days.
Horan and Stephens were released this
afternoon. The single-taxers are jubilant
over the Governor's action.
THOSE DEFECTIVE PLATES
Union Iron Works to Be Allowed
to Replace Them in the
Oregon.
The Contractors Claim They Are Not
Responsible for the Substitu
tion of Thin Plates.
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 3.—Secre
tary Herbert has directed that the Union
Iron Works be allowed to replace defec
tive plates in the protected deck of the Ore
gon. It is understood that one of the em
ployes of the Union Iron Works called at
tention to these defects, Plates of proper
thickness will be sent from Pittsburg im
mediately and will be transported to San
Francisco by special car attached to pas
senger train, as the vessel will not be
accepted until these defects are remedied.
The contractors claim that they are not
responsible for the substitution of the two
thin plates, and blame Superintendent
Dickie. They say that he did his work in
the night in the absence of the naval in
spector in order to conceal an error.
Southern Pacific Earnings.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 3.— The South
ern Pacific road reports for April gross
earnings of $3,719,574, a decrease of $221,
-278; expenses of $2,738,462, decrease $26,
-904, and net earnings of $981,112, decrease
$194,374.
Klff TO-P AT:
EAGLESON it- CO.'S
LARGE STOCK
" : OP^
Summer
Underwear
In Balbriggan, Egyptian Thread, India
Lisle, French Balbriggan Lightweight,
Merino, Cashmere, Natural "Wool,
Sanitary Wool, Silk and Wool, etc.,
AT LOWER PRICES
THAN EVER OFFERED.
TOLIGEEH OUTING
In French Crape, English Cashmere, Onyx
Cloth, SilK and Linen, Silk and Wool,
Scotch Flannel. Club Cloth, French
Flannel, English Cheviot, Fine
Botney Cloth, All-Silk, etc.,
from $1.00 upward.
ALL AT FACTORY PRICES.
Fancy Shirts
IN ALLTHE LATEST DESIGNS
AT FACTORY PRICES.
White Shirts, Seek Dress, Etc.
EAGLESON & CO.,
748 AND 750 MARKET STREET, S. F.
242 MONTGOMERY STREET, S. F.
LOS ANGELES and SACRAMENTO
GREAT
V^ JL \Mmwm4A X JL.
BARGAIN SALE
OF 1
Second-Hand Bicycles!
- Every Wheel Is in good order,
at prices lower than the low-
est.
LEAVITT & BILL,
303 Larkin Street,
Cor. McAllister.
SPECIAL SALE
OF
HIGH-ART '96 MODEL
$47.50 -BICYCLES at -$47.50
FULLY GUARANTEED FOR ONE
YEAR. Come early and secure
your wheel, as stock is limited.
LEAVITT & BILL,
,303 Larkin St., Cor. McAllister.
NAPA COLLEGE PROPERTY
FOR OAXjE.
rnHE BUILDINGS, GROUNDS AND APPA-
J- ratus of Knpa College. tour acres of land
three large buildings and two small library anna',
ratus, furniture, etc., are offered at a bargain
I Buildings are suitable for school, sanitarium
orphanage or hotel. Apply to lvm '
8. E. HoLOEN or L. J. NORTON \» M
Or I. J. TRUMAN, Columbian Banking Co., .
San Francisco,SUBSTANTIAL AID
FOB THE CUBANS,
Successful Landing of a
Large Filibustering
Expedition.
MET BY THE INSURGENTS
Reinforced by Skilled Fighters,
Besides Arms, Ammunition
and Food.
YOUNG CROOK IS OF THE PARTY
Artillerymen, Doctors and Telegra
phers—A Cargo That Will Strike
; Terror to Weyler.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 3.— The Cuban
Junta has received information that an
other large filibustering expedition has
lauded safeiy in Cuba.
RafaeJ Portuondo y Tamayo, Secretary
oi of the Cuban Provisional Govern-
ment, was the leader of the expedition. It
; . is generally believed that the expedition
was iamied by the steamer Three Friends
which left Florida about ten days ago.
The filibuster landed fifty-eight men,
one of whom is J. F. Croofc, son of Major-
General Crook of the United States army,
who went with the expedition as an artil
leryman. Drs. J. Garcia Vieta and Eduardo
C. Poey constituted the sanitary corps.
The following named cargo was landed
by the vessel and taken into the interior
by a force of insurgents, who met the ex
ps.'ition on its arrival: 875 Remington
rflVs, 50 Mauser rifles, 24 cases of Colt
revolvers, 7 cases of Smith A Wesson re
volvers, 2 Hotchkiss rapid-fire guns, 240
cannon balls, 240 shells, 400,000 cartridges
of 43 caliber. 50,000 Mauser cartridges. 1000
* machetes. 2090 rounds of dynamite, 4000
fuaes,l,ooo,ooo caps for cartridges, 2 electric
a :^ries. 100*3 feet of wire, several sets of
reloading tools and a telephone.
Besides this supply of munitions the ex
pedition carried also large quantities of
provisions, medicines and bandages and a
wire-tarping apparatus, which will be
operated by Narciso Ixipez, a telegrapher,
who was a member of the expedition.
A GREAT RACK FOR LIFE.
Chased and Shelled by a Spanish
Cruiser.
NFW YORK, N. V., June 3.— A special
dispatch to the Recorder from Jackson
ville, Fla.. confirms the report of the land
ing of a filibustering expedition in Cuba
by the steamer Three Friends.
The dispatch also says that among the
Americans who were landed were John
Lynn cf Jacksonville and young Latrobe,
a son of ex-Mayor Latrobe of Baltimore.
A former general in the French army was
a*o on board, it is said. Continuing, the
OQgh the Three Friends landed
. t trouble the voyage was not with
out exciting incidents, chief of which was
the chase of the filibusters by a Spanish
r. This chase occurred on the after
of May 2* when the Three Friends
was hanging off tne coast of Cuba waiting
- -rnals from the shore. A Spanish
r sighted the steamer and gave chase.
'Through a glass from the deck of the
Three Friends the cruiser could be plainly
seen, the flag of Spain flying from her
staff. In her military top several Span
iards were observed taking turns at the
gla=s. There was nothing but tne open
sea ahead of the Three Friends, and she
made for it at a lively gait, but not one
that would jeopardize the engines.
"Soon there came a puff of smoke from
the Spaniard, then a roar and a shell went
shrieking over the Three Friends. This
was too much for Captain Broward, who
was in command of the Three Friends,
arid he sent a shot at the Spaniard from
the 12-pound Hotchhiss gun. Several
shots were exchanged.
"Meanwhile the Three Friends was^prov
ing her speed and gradually gaining on
the cruiser, which seemed not to relish
the shots from the filibuster. It was a
preat race for life, in fact, a race in which
the stake was more tnan a hundred lives,
so that when the warship gradually sunk
away below the horizon there was general
rejoicinsr on board and great confidence in
the ability of the little steamer to clean
out anything the Spaniards have in their
navy.
"That night the Three Friends lay out
at sea. The next day, May 29, she again
approached the Cuban coast and receiving
the agreed upon signals she landed her
men and arms at night without inter
ference.
"Captain Broward is reticent about the
Laurada. which left this port a few hours
before the Three Friends. He says the
Laurada was bound for the eastern end of
i.'uba and thinks she ought to puf in at
Jamaica.
"I: is said Captain Broward received
$22,000 for landing the men and arms."
A DUEL INTERRUPTED.
Generals Campos and Borrero Separated
and Placed Under Arrest.
MADRID, Spain, June 3.— During a re
cent private discussion of affairs in Cuba
between General Martinez Campos, the
predecessor of General Weyler as Captain-
General of Cuba, and General Borrero the
argument became so animated that the
discussion developed into a hot quarrel
and a duel was arranged. The matter was
conducted with the greatest secrecy, but
in some manner the authorities received
information of the intended duel a few
minutes before they were to meet on
Primo Kivera.
The Captain-General of Madrid pro
ceeded with all baste to the spot, arriving
just as. the principais were being placed in
■in, and it was only with the greatest
difficulty that he succeeded in stopping
the affair before either of the combatants
was wounded. Generals Campos and Bor
rere were finally di-armed and sent to
their respective residences under arrest.
AS UXLUCKI INSURGENT.
Arrested Aftnr Itrituj Pardoned and Was
About to Leave Cuba.
XXV WEST, Fla., June 3.— Jose Lopez
w;ia arrested on the steamer Mascote to
.day as she was leaving the harbor of
Havana, Orders had been issued to search
Lopez, who had been an insurgent, and if
anything of a suspicious nature was found
on him to arrest him. The police had
finished the search, and reported every
thing all right and he was passed. Shortly
afterward a box of candy containing two
letters was sent aboard addressed to Lopez
for parties in this city, Lopez opened one
of the letters and took from it some money
and threw the letter overboard.
This action excited the suspicions of the
police and he was immediately arrested
and taken ashore.
Lopez had only lately been pardoned as
an insurgent and was about to leave Cuba.
His arrest is likely to be the cause of oth
ers, as the party who sent the packages on
board has been under the surveillance of
the police for some time.
RECENT ENCOUNTERS.
A Spanish Officer and Eight Soldiers
Drowned.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 3.— Advices from
Baracoa reports that engagements have
recently taken place between Spanish
forces and bands of rebels on the banks of
the Duaba River. Owing to the heavy
rains which have fallen lately the river
was greatly swollen, and its crossing ren
dered difficult.
An attempt was made, however, by a
Spanish column to reach the other side,
but the troop* were attacked by insur
gents with the result that one soldier was
killed and two wounded. The rebel loss
is put at twenty-four.
Continuing their march along the river
the Spanish on May 27 again attempted to
cross, this time at Buena Vista, but they
were again attacked, and Major Gonzales
Moro and eight soldiers were wounded and
perished in the river, being unable to re
gain the shore. A captain, a sergeant and
seven privates were wounded.
Orders have been given for re-enforce
ments to be sent to the column by boats,
but this will he difficult of execution,
owing to the condition of the rivers.
A force of rebels made an attack upon
Candelaria, but they were repulsed and
compelled to retire.
A DECIDED SENSATION.
Spain May Demand the Extradition of
All Cuban Filibusters.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 3.— A de
cided sensation was created among the
Cuban residents of the city to-day when it
was rumored that the Spanish Government
may demand the extradition of all those
who have encaged in filibustering expedi
tions from this country to Cuba. It is
said that Spain will claim that the expedi
tions come under the terms of tho treaty
with the United States of extraditable
offenses, as the offense was committed on
Spanish soil.
Senor de Lome, the Spanish Minister, is
reported to have taken eminent legal ad
vice on the question, and to have received
assurances that he can legally demand the
extradition of the filibusters from Presi
dent Cleveland.
GENERAL JjKE IS RATANA.
Arrest of a Harper's Weekly Artist— The
Rebels Destroy a Hridge.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 3.— Geneial Fitz
bugh Lee, who was a few weeks ago ap
pointed United States Consul-General here
to succeed Ramon O. Williams, arrived
here early this moraine on board the
steamer Mascotte. General Lee was accom
panied by his son and his private secretary,
Mr. Jones.
Thomas Dawley, an artist in the em
ploy of Harper 's Weekly of New York
was arrested at the trocha to-day and
brought a prisoner to Havana, where he
was locked up at the police headquarters.
Mr. Dawley is charged with having been
in communication with the rebels.
The insurgents hava destroyed the rail
way brirlge between the Duran and Gnara
stations in the Province of Havana.
A. MOST IMPORTANT LANDING.
Everything That tlie Insurgents Are
Greatly in Xeed Of.
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 3.—Gon
zales de Quesada, the Cuban Charge d'Af
fairs in this city, has just received word
that Colonel Rafael Portuondo has landed
safely in Cuba. He was accompanied by
100 men, among whom were Dr. Carlos'
Poey, surgeon of the part} 1 , a resident of
this city and two young Baltimoreans,
Osrnan Latrobe, nephew of ex-Mayor
Latrobe, and Mr, Janny. The cargo con
sisted of thousands of rifles, cartridges
and dynamite, besides artillery of which
the army is in need. It is the largest
landing made. Colonel Portuondo is the
Secretary of State. He came to this
country on leave of absence and attended
the debates in Congress. He belongs to
the bluest blood of the island and is a
lawyer of distinction.
Panned the Steamer Laurada.
BOSTON, Mass., June 3.— A dispatch re
ceived in this city to-day from Bal tim ore
stated that the fruit steamer Bowden,
owned by the Boston Fruit Company,
which arrived in BaJtimore from Poit
Antonio, has passed the alleged filibuster
ing steamer Laurada near Watlings Isl
ands.
SAYS McKINLEY
WILL BE NAMED.
Continued from First Page.
ning mate, I believe, generally is expected
to do the hard work and the heavy pull
ing."
For once Speaker Reed hopes that the
Republicans at St. Louis, no matter whom
they nominate for President, will adopt a I
straight-out gold platform, so that this j
year, in case the Chicago convention de- j
dares for free silver, the fight may be j
made on the direct issue. When it was
suggested to him that Senator Quay had
intimated that the Pennsylvania platform
was eood enough for any one to run on,
the Speaker said:
"1 t! ink any straddle of the financial I
question by the St. Louis convention
would be a crave political mistake."
FIRE IN SANTA CRUZ.
■tntjr* Are Den troy ed and Adja-
cnt Huildinga .Slightly Damaged
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 4.-A fire
broke out at 12:45 this morning on Rail
road street, near Laurel. Two unoccupied
cottages were burned down, and only by
the good work of the Fire Department
were the adjoining buildings saved.
Willamson & Garrett's warehouse caught
fire in the gable, but the flames were not
allowed to spread. Loss $3000. The cot
tages belong to Frank Gett.
Chief Arthvr Re- Elected.
OTTAWA, O.vr., June 3.— P. M. Arthur
was re-elected chief of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers to-day. C. Sal
mons was re-elected second grand engi
neer and editor of the Journal. The po
sition of first grand assistant engineer
went to G< orge 'A. Kell of Point St.
Charles. Montreal.
Fatal Gas Explosion.
PARIS, France, June 3.— An explosion
of gas occurred in the Foncanse mine, near
Rochebelle to-day, killing twenty-five
miners.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
WALES' HORSE
WINS THE DERBY,
The Classic Epsom Downs
Stake Captured by
Persimmon.
ST. FRUSQUIN SECOND.
Leopold de Rothschild's Colt
Beaten in a Driving
Finish.
HELEN NICHOLS' GREAT RACE.
The Epsom Town Plate Won by the
American Sprinter — Royalty
in Attendance.
LONDON, Eng., June 3.— The classical
| English Derby was run to-day at Epsom
Downs and captured by the Prince of
Wales' Persimmon, despite the assertion
made yesterday that the horse was dis
i abled and his chances of overcoming the
mighty speed of Leopold de Rothschild's
St. Frusquin were practically destroyed.
St. Frusquin, tiiough beaten for the first
. place, gave a good account of himself and
finished second. Following is the sum
mary:
The derby stakes of 6000 sovereigns, by sub
scriptions of 50 sovereigns each, half forfeit of
, 5 sovereigns only if declared by the first Tues
day in January, 1895, for three-year-old colts,
nine stone, and fillies eight stone nine pounds.
The nominator of the winner to receive 500
sovereigns, the owner of the second 300 sov
ereigns and the owner of the third 200 sov
ereigns out of tne stakes; about one and a half
miles (280 subscribers, sixty-eight of whom de
clared forfeit). His Royal Highness the Prince
of Wales' bay colt Persimmon (by St. Simon
out of Perdita II) won, Leopold de Rothschild's
brown colt St. Frusquin (by St. Simon out of
Isabel) second, H. E. Beddington's brown colt
Earwig (by Hampton out of Wriggle) third.
Time, 2:42. The other starters were W. G.
Stevens' Teuful, Leopold de Rothschild's
Gulistan, J. H. Plan's Bradwardine, P. A.
Harrison's Knight of thp Thistle, T. Phillips'
Bay Ronald, Mrs. John Wallace's Spook, £.
Cassell's Toussaint, L. Bassey's Tamarind.
The horses got a good start. Tamarind
and Toussaint were first to get away, but
after the first hundred yards, Bay Ronald
] drew to the front, followed by Brad
wardine and Tamarind. After these came
ijEarwig, Spook, Gulistan, Teufel, Tous
i saint and Knight of the Thistle, with St.
Frusquin and Persimmon as the whip
pers-in.
Shortly afterward Gulistau went to the
front and heki the lead paat the mile post.
j followed by Bay Ronald, Spook and St.
I Frusquin.
Then came Bradwardine, Teufel and
Knight of the Tnistle in front of Earwig
and Persimmon, witti Tamarind tailing
off. Gulistan seemed to be in trouble upon
j arriving at the top of the hill, and fell
I back. Bradwardine then went to the front
j with St. Frusquin next.
Entering the straight Bradwardine
yielded to Bay Ronald and St. Frusquin.
A quarter of a mile from the finish Bay
Ronald was done and St. Frusquin took
j the lead, followed by Persimmon.
Opposite Tattersails Persimmon got on
| even terms with St. Frusquin, and there
! was a most exciting finish, resulting in
i Persimmon winning by a neck. St. Frus
, j quin beat Earwip by four lengths. Teufel
j was fourth and Ray Ronald fifth. Brad
! wardine and Spook followed home in the
| order named and Tamarind was last.
The betting at the start was 5 to 1
against Persimmon, 13 to 8 on St. Fru?
qnin, 33 to 1 against Earwig, 11 to 1 against
! Teufel, 25 to 1 each against Bay Ronald
and Knight of the Thistle, 33 to 1 against
! Gulistan, 40 to 1 against Bradwardine, 100
to 1 against Spook and Toussaint and 1000
to 1 against Tamarind.
The Eppom town plate (handicap) of
103 sovereigns, for three-year-olds and up
wards, five furlongs, was won by E.
Wishard's Helen Nichols, Royal Flush
second and Marble third. Among the
Americans present was Henry Rose of San
Francisco. The Americans were enthu
| astic when Helen Nichols won. Eight
i horses ran and the betting was 103 to 8
I apainst Helen Nichols. Helen Nichols
j made the whole of the running and won
by a half lenght. A head separated the
second and third horses.
The weather was pleasant. Light show
ers occurred during the night, which had
the effect of laying the dust on the high
ways, but the rainfall was not sufficiently
J heavy to soften the racecourse. The early
j morning arrivals by road and rail were far
in excess of the usual number, and the
crowd in attendance at the start of the
j great race was even larger than last year,
j which was greater than any seen on Ep
j som Downs since 1889.
There was a steady exodus of racegoers
! from London throughout the forenoon.
Hundreds of four-horse coaches started
from the various West End Hotels, carry
ing among their passengers a large num
| ber of Americans, and the roads were alive
I with racegoers in every conceivable kind
• of vehicle, from the gorgeous drags of the
swells to the donkey-carts of the coster
mongers, making their way to Epsom
Downs.
An unusually large number of promi
nent society ladies were included in the
almost innumerable racing parties, and
their superb toilets contributed to make
the scene one of brightness despite the
lowering skies. At noon there was a
slight drizzle of rain.
The royal train, which left the Victoria
station at 12:30 o'clock, was composed of
| sixteen cars. In the saloon were the
Prince and Princess of Wales and their
daughters, Princess Victoria and Maud ;
Prince Carl of Denmark, Princess Maud's
affianced; the Duke and Duchess of York,
the Duke and Duchess of Fife, the Duße of
Cambridge, the Duke and Duchess of
Devonshire. Lord and Lady Cadogan and
Sir Horace Farquhar, M. P.
There was also on board a brilliant com
pany comprising the eiite of society, many
of the leaders in British pofitics and the
cream of the theatrical and artistic world.
Among the Americans who went by
coach to the Downs were Mr. and Mrs. R.
K. Fox, Mrs. M. H. Campbell and daugh
ter, Mr. Kaufmann of New York and
Messrs. Gladwin, Weeks, Hubbard, Mc-
Kinley, Rose, Shaw, Haines, Hearn and
Cowles,
When the race was over and the usual
tremendous cheering of the winning horse
had subsided, the crowd turned its atten
tion to the Prince of Waies, who was
cheered again and again. As his Royal
Hi hness walked in front of the stand to
lead the winner out, the cheering was re
sumed and continued until the horse and
his owner reached the weighing-room.
The Prince of Wales reached the Victoria
station on his return to London at 5:15
p. m. He was heartily cheered as he
alighted from the train and entered his
carriage to be driven to Marlborough
lluuse, wnere he gave a dinner to the
Jockey Club at 8:30 this evening.
The Standard says that St. Frusquin re
turned to the weighing room with a
broken stirrup leather. His jockey, T. J.
Loates, however, says that the leather
was broken at the last stride and its break
ing did not affect the result in the least.
Surprise is expressed that Mr. Brassey,
the owner of Tamarind should have
started that horse in the race, in view of
his performance and the way in which he
was regarded in the betting, 1000 to 1 be
ing offered against him; but his action is
explained by the fact that he merely
started him as a peacemaker for Bay
Ronald.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Siegfried Easily Wins the Juvenile Stake
at Lakeside.
CHICAGO, 111., June 3.— Siegfried at
12 to 1 easily won the juvenile handicap at
Lakeside to-day. Hazel Hatch and Sunny
were the only winning favorites.
Six furlongs, Hazel Hatch won, Joe Mancini
second. Rubber Neck third. Time, 1:20.
Six furlongs, Excuse won, Inspector Hunt
second, Pert third. Time, 1:20.
One mile, Sunny won, Freddie L. T. second,
Kirk third. Time, 1 :49%.
Juvenile handicap, five furlongs, Siegfried
won, Provident second, Easter Eve third.
Time, 1 :06.
Six furlongs, The Deuce won, Jennie June
second, AHojune third. Time, I:'JO^.
Six furlongs, Cora Uavill won, Loll ie Eastin
second, Doininico third. Time, 1:20^.
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, June
3.— Only one favorite won to-day, the
other events going to outsiders and second
choices.
~Five and a half furlongs, Gld Law won, Black
stone second, Huffman third. Time, 1,14%.
Six and a half furiongs, Hartford Boy won,
Cnnewood second, K.itie S third. Time, 1:25.
Four and a half furlongs, Ollean won, Cappy
second. Princess Teek third. Time, :58,
One mile ami a sixteenth, Urania won. Souf
fle second, Won't Dance third. Time, 1:55^.
Six and a half furlongs, Chicot won, Aimee
Goodwin second, Judith third. Time, X:lb%.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 3.— ln spite <4 a
sloppy track three favorites won to-day —
Satyr in the second, Helena Belle in the
third and Sunburst in the fourth.
Six furlongs, Mordette won, Hush second,
Dennis third. Time, 1:10%.
Four furlongs, Satyr won, Dunmore second,
Prince Louis third. Time, :06.
Seven furlongs, Helena Belle won, Petrarch
second, Albert S third. Time, 1:33.
One mile, Sunburst won, Battledore second,
Mopsy third. Time. 1:46%.
Six furlongs, Sligo won, Linda second,
Lender Kan third. Tune, 1:17' 2 .
Six furlongs, The Kitten won, Bravo second,
Joe O third. Time, 1:19.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 3.— The fea
ture of the second day's sport at the spring
trotting meeting of the New York Driving
Club was the remarkable performance of
Baron Crisp in the 2:24 class. He won as
he liked in straight heats, finishing each
mile on a jog.
2:15 class, trotting, Ernsie won. Nutshell
second, King Albert third. Best time, 2: IS 12.1 2 .
2:24 class, trotting, Buron Crisp won, tirain
Hastings second, Piloteen third. Best time,
2:ls}£.
BASEBALL IN THE EAST.
Some Good Work Is Uone on Several of
thr Diamonds.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 3.— The
Jocal team fielded without an error and
batted when hits were needed. The visi
tors' errors were costly. The fielding of
Hulen and Hallman and the batting of
Sullivan were the features. Score:
rhiladelphtas 013 0 1110 0-7 8 0
Clncinnatis 00 2 0 10 0 0 o—3 11 4
Bauertcs — Taylor and Clements. Fisher and
Vaughn. L'mpire-.tJurst.
BROOKLYN, N. V., June 3.— Tne first
five runs scored by the Brooklyns to-day
were sent in by Corcoran, who hit safely
each time he canse to the plate. Daub
pitched another fine pame and kept the
few hits scattered. Score:
Brooklyns 002 02 0 110—0 10 5
St. lAiuii 100 000 100— '1 5 4
Batteries— l>nub and Burrtil, Hart, and McFar
lana. Umpire— Sboridau.
BALTIMORE, Ma, June 3.— The cham
pions won the sixth consecutive game of
the season from Pittsbarg to-day. ~ It was
bitterly contested by both. Score:
Baltlmores 300100001— 6 7 0
Pittsburw 000 4MOOOO— 4 11 4
Batteries— Ho ff*r and Robinson, Killen andSug
06n Umpires— Weidman and Keete.
BOSTON, Mass., June 3.— Close fielding
on both sides characterized the game
to-day. Nichols was the more effective of
the pitchers. Score:
Bostons 202610030-14 16 5
LontaviD.es. ooiusooio— 5 10 4
Batteries— NlCbOlfl and Tenney, McDermott und
Warner. Umpire— l>ynch.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 3,-The
Chicagos managed to win from the New
Yorks to-day because they hit the ball
harder. Clark was relieved by Bowen
alter five innings. Friend was effective
up to the sixth, when the New Yorks piled
up five runs. Score:
Sew Yorks 100005110—8 10 8
C'hicagos 012 0 4 20 2 3-14 14 S
Batteries— Clark and Karrell, Friend and
Donoliue. Umpire— Henflersoa.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 3.—To
day's game was a great bat'le between
Mercer and Young, with the honors about
even. In the ninth inning singles by
Rogers and Brown and Joyce's two- bagger
tied the score. In the tenth McGuire's
three-base hit and Rogers' out put Wash
ington in the lead, but Burkett's homerun
attain tied the score. Tebeau was put out
of the came in the tenth inning for abus
ing Umpire Emslie. The game was called
at the end of the eleventh inning on ac
count of darkness. Score:
Washlnßtons 0 0000000210—3 8 2
Clevelands 10 0000 010 10—3 9 1
BaltcrlPs — Mercer and Mc(juire; Young, Wal
lace and Zimmer. Umpire, Kmslie.
THEIR LAST SPIN.
Tale Oarsmen Preparing for Their De
parture to Enaland.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 3.— The Yale
crew will give their oars a final dip in the
waters of Lake Whitney on Thursday,
preparatory to their departure for Eng
land on Saturday morning. Originally
the crew was scheduled to take their last
spin on this side of the Atlantic Friday
afternoon, but Bob Cook has found it
necessary to alter the programme.
"The reason lor changing the first
plans," said Mr. Cook yesterday, '-is owing
to the fact that it requires some time to
fix the shells and have them ready for
snipment along with the boys."
Concerning the condition of the crew,
Mr. Cook is emphatic in his statement that
every one of his "boys" is trained as fine
as he possibly could be, and, natural!}'
enough, feels elated over this fact.
"The boys are in splendid shape," said
Cook. "In fact, they could not be better.
As for the work they have shown in pre
liminary trials, I am more than satisfied.
They took a spin Monday and showed up
to and above expectations for this early
day. On this score I fear notning, unless
one of them or more may be unfortunate
enough to show a sudden reversal of
form."
L. A. W. Sanction and Transfer.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 3.—Chair
man Gideon of the L. A. W. has granted a
sanction for June 6 to the San Francisco
Cycling Association. Charles H. Hill of
Fresno, Ca!., has been transferred to the
professional class.
Bicycle Record Jirofcen. *
LONDON, Eng., June 3.— The two-mile
bicycle record was broken at Catford to
day by F. Pope, who covered the distance
in 3:47 1-5.
There are 48.790 persons in the Russian
settlement in New York. The next largest
colony of these is in Philadelphia, with
7879.
POLITICS ON THE
PACIFIC COAST,
But One Populist Elected
to Congress From
Oregon.
ELLIS DEFEATS dUINN.
The Republican Nominee Far in
the Lead in the Second
District.
NEW LEADER FOR SILVERITES-
Pepper of Los Angeles Becomes State
Organizer for the White
Metal Party.
PORTLAND, Or., June 3.— For the first
time in the history of the Pacific North
west, a Populist has been sent to the
lower House of Congress. Oregon supplies
him. His name is Vanderburg. He comes
from Marshfield, Coos County.
A vigorous campaign was made in the
First District, it being canvassed by Gene
ral Weaver, "Cyclone" Davis of Texas,
Mortimer Morehead of New Jersey, presi
dent of the National Grange, and General
Coxey of commonweal fame, in the interest
of the Populist nominee.
His opponents were Thomas H. Tongue
(R.) of Hillsboro, whose position on the
money question is doubtful, and Jefferson
Myers (D.) of Scio, a free silver advocate.
Vanderburg's plurality is 170, these fig
ures being from Populist sources. It is
not likely that the official figures will de
crease the plurality, as the counties are
strongly Populist.
In the Second District the complexion
has changed since last night. Where
Quinn, Populist, seemed sure of election he
Ls now certain of defeat. Returns to-night
from all counties outside of Multnornah
except Harney, Grant and Malheur, all of
which are very small, and the former two
of which will be Republican, give Ellis,
regular Republican, 600 plurality.
The Populists hoped to overcome this in
Multnoniah, but seventy-six precincts
give Ellis 140 more than Quinn. There
are six small suburban precincts yet to
hear from, but they will not overcome the
740 plurality.
The next- Legislature, on joint ballot,
so far as returns are In, will be: Demo
crats 10, Populists 11, Republicans 53, with
16 doubtful. Several of thedouDtful dis
trics will elect Populists, though none will
return Democrats.
If Senator John H. Mitchell can gather
the whole Republican strength, his re
election is assured, but he cannot do it.
Of the fifty-three Republicans, ten from
Multnomah County will never vote for
him, as his candidacy was the issue and
they were against him.
Me must have 46 votes, and his re-elec
tion depends on his ability to control the
country members.
The election in Portland was remarkable
for the almost total overthrow of the old
Multnomah machine, which stands for a
gold standard and which hasintermittently
controlled county and city for ten years.
Only two of its county and city nomi
nees — the City Treasurer and Auditor
were elected. The remainder of the offi
cers were captured by Mitchell Republi
cans.
The ring elected a majority of its legis
lative candidates by trading away its
nominee for Mayor, Solis Cohen, and its
candidate for Clerk of the Circuit Court,
F. S. Rassetter.
The old machine and gold-standard Re
publicans are dubious of their ability to
defeat Senator Mitchell's re-election, while
Jonathan Bourne Jr., leader of the silver
forces, is jubilant and is positive of his re
election.
Even after the gold standard advocates
succeed in defeating Mitchell they will
not be likely to stop the election of some
other silver man, for by a fusion of Popu
lists and Democrats the next Legislature
will be overwhelmingly for free coinage.
Oregon's vote will thus stand, after next
January, when the Senator is named, two
Representatives and one Senator for free
silver, and one Senator (Mcßride) for
gold, though he is not a Radical.
PEPPER OUSTS BAKER.
The Los Angeles Man Named as State
Organizer for the American Silver
Party.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 3.— Through
the courtesy of a prominent member of
the American silver party here, a Call
correspondent was shown to-day a letter
from J. J, Mott, chairman of tho Ameri
can Silver organization at Washington, D.
C, to Hon. Enoch Pepper of this city,
chairman of the State Executive and Cen
tral Committees, which sets forth in glow
ing terms the plans and prospects of the
silverites of the nation, and urges imme
diate and determined action on the part of
advocates of the white metal in Califor
nia. The letter is important in that it
settles a matter heretofore in dispute by J
determining who shall exercise the ri^ht
of organization in this State.
G. W. Baker of Oakland, of the Califor
nia Executive Committee, has apparently
been posing as chairman of the American
Bimetallic League, and as one author
ized to speak for the party in California, j
Mr. Baker has been sending circulars out
lately, calling for mass-conventions in
Senatorial districts to select delegates to
the National Convention at St. Louis on
July 22, wherein he emphasizes the fact
that "the party in California is without
organization."
M. Pepper is authorized and urged in
the letter from Chairman Mott to see that
this state of affairs no longer continues.
The letter speaks of Baker's inactivity and
inattention to silver interests in this State.
Pepper is, therefore, instructed to proceed
with Congressional district organization
at once, which he says he will do. After
outlining the plan for these district organi
zations Chairman Mott adds:
"The prospect for a union of forces and
victory are bright. It is believed there will
be a split in the Republican National con
vention. Senator Teller of Colorado lead
ing and several other Senators following.
It is morally certain that the Democratic
party most split upon this question, and
we shall receive a great deal of its voting
strength. The gap between the gold and
silver elements of that party is widening
every day, thus affording us our great op
portunity. The people are aroused; our
issue is at the front and cannot be ob
scured by other issues."
Mr. Pepper will enter upon his work at
once.
KERN COUNTY CONTEST.
Residents of an Irrigation District to
Vote on I'i.iinrnrpuratioii.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 3.— The
question of disincorporating the Kern and
Tulare Irrigation District will be voted
upon by the residents of the district on
June 13. A gentleman who has interests
in the district informed a Call corre
spondent to-day that it was more than
likely the issue would curry. The district
has been organized for six or seven years,
and durine this time about &«,000 has
been collected and paid out, principally
for surveys and rights of way, except that
$7000 was paid to John Baker for two
miles and a half of river front near his
place, and which constitutes about all the
assets of the corporation.
SANTA ROSA CO NTEST DECIDED.
Cotad Fails to Oust fttreet Commissioner
McMinn.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 3.— The jury
in the case of Cozad vs. McMinn brought
in a verdict for the defendant after a short
deliberation to-day. The plaintiff in this
case endeavored to prove that a combina
tion had been entered into by members
of the American Protective Association
to defeat him for the office of Street
Commissioner at thelast city election.
He offered in evidence an alleged copy
of an agreement between the opposing
candidates whereby the winner was to
bear the loser's campaign expenses and
pay all election expenses, and declared
that the purity of election law had been
violated. The jury thought differently
and assessed the costs to the plaintiff.
VIEWS Of A WASHINGTON MAX.
Delegate While Desires the Defeat of
Cleveland's Forces.
SEATTLE, Wash.. June 3.— Discussing
the National Democratic Convention at
Chicago to-day, Hon. William H. White,
delegate from this State, who held office
during Cleveland's first term, said:
"The silver people will capture the con
vention and be bosses of the situation. I
want to see it. I want to see a dead fair
fight against Grover Cleveland and his
friends, the gold bugs."
Asked as to his Presidential preferences,
Mr. White replied:
"I think that I am for Richard P. Bland
of Missouri, but I can't say that I am com
mitted to him ; neither will I say that I
will or will not vote for him. We want a
man who is all right on the silver question,
and we know that Bland is all right."
Republicans Win at Phoenix.
PHCENIA. Ariz., June 3.— At the city
election yesterday J. D. Monihon, Repub
lican, was chosen Mayor over John Bur
ger, Democrat, by 30 majority. The prop
osition to fund the city's indebtedness was
carried.
THE SAN JOSE WILL CASE
Mrs. Emma L. Parker, the Con
testant, Takes the Witness-
Stand.
Tells of Her Life and Incidents Leading
to Marriage With Edward
Parker.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 3.— Mrs. Emma
L. Parker, the contestant of the will of the
late George H. Parker, was called to the
witness-stand this morning. She testified
that her maiden name was Emma L.
Hough and that she was born in East Ber
lin, Conn., in 1851.
Shortly after her birth her parents
; moved to Plantsville. about fifteen miles
away. After her father's death in 1863
she lived with her aunt, Mrs. Seed, in the
same place.
In 18(38 Mrs. Emma Parker went to
Brooklyn and for awhile worked in a con
fectionery store, afterward was employed
lin bousekeepine in New Yort. In IS7I
she came to San Francisco and sought em
ployment.
She then went to Virginia City in the
employ of James Mitchell, remaining nine
or ten months, after which she returned
to Plantsville, Conn. She was in Hart
ford, Conn., with a friend, Mrs. Smith,
one day in November, 1872.
She passed by chance Edward L. Parker's
store and being attracted by something
she saw in the window she stepped in to
look at it. The next day she received a
letter from Edward Parker asking her,
with her friend, Mrs. Smith, to call and
take lunch with him and go out driving.
She did so, and frequently after that
went out driving. Emma and Edward
Parker were married in June, 1863, in New
York by Rev. G. C. Honghton. She mar
ried under the name of Brown as a widow.
She was not really a widow, but for some
time prior to her marriage with Edward
Parker had pretended to be one.
"When I left my home and went to
Brooklyn I was engaged to a man in our
village," she said. '"My mother wasvery
anxious for me to marry .him, as he was
well off. I did not want to", as he was very
much older than myself. I came
back home and asKed him to release me.
He would not and my mother insisted on
my marrying him. I returned from
Brooklyn with a considerable sum of
money given me by my mother to buy my
wedding outfit. There I confided in a
Miss Law, who was a great friend of mine.
"She advised me to go away with the
money I had, write home and tell my
mother I had married. I wont off to San
Francisco and wrote my mother that I
bad married a man named Brown. I had
little idea of the suffering and trouble that
would result from my foolish action."
Before she married Edward Parker she
! told him the whole story. She married
under her assumed n.ime to prevent talk.
Edward and Mrs. Parker lived at the
house of Mr. and Mrs. Noah Pomeroy, at
Hartford, Conn.
After about four weeks she and Jane
Pomeroy could not get on at all together.
Jane Pomerov s emed insanely jealous of
Edward Parker. On one occasion Jane
Pomeroy offered her a large sum of
money if she would leave her husband,
telling her that Edward had ceased to care
for her. Finally Edward and herself
moved to the United States Hotel in 1874.
One evening George H. Parker came into
their room, saying that he had been sum
moned from California by a dispatch from
Jane Pomeroy.
While he was in Hartford Jane Pomeroy
endeavored to poison his mind against
Mrs. Parker, saying she used to tend bar.
This statement, the witness declared,
George Parker found untrue.
Tulare- County Win*.
FRESNO, Cal., June 3.— Judge Carter
to-day decided in favor of the defendant
the suit of Kings County against Tulare
County. Kings County sued for its share
of $102,000, which had been collected by
Tulare County in redemption of swamp
lands. Kings County was formed chiefly
from the territory of Tuiare County, and
it claimed a share of the redemption fund.
The case attracted a great deal of interest,
and Judge Carter gave it very thorough
consideration before rendering a decision.
San Luis' Maid of' Honor.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., June 3.—
Miss Dicie Graves, daughter of Attorney
Ernest Graves of this city, was chosen by
the Board of Supervisors to-day to repre
sent this county at the Monterey cele
bration on July 7.
HELD CAPTIVES
AT ENSENADA.
Two Englishmen Kept in
Confinement Without
Cause.
IN A MEXICAN DUNGEON
Accused of Stealing a Gold Bar
Over Fourteen Months
Ago.
THE CHARGE NOT PROVED.
They Will Now Be Released With
out Having Been Given
a Trial.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., June 3.— The case of
Pratt and Garratt came up at Ensenada
yesterday, the fifteen days' limit in which
the public prosecutor could file informa
tion having been reached. Pratt and Gar
ratt are young Englishmen, but they be
came naturalized Mexican citizens, and
they have been confined in jail for over
fourteen months on a charge of having
stolen a gold brick, valued at $12,800, from
the shipping office of M. Riveroll <fe Co.
In all of this time there has been no trial
and only spasmodic efforts on the part of
the authorities to gather evidence. The
presiding judge, Alejandro Guerrero y
Porres, betrayed prejudice and vindictive
ness all through the case, on one occasion
ordering the prisoners placed in solitary
confinement when they took advantage of
their prerogative to demand a trial within
six months.
The prisoners were powerless, their
Mexican citizenship having prevented
the interference of the British Govern
ment in their behalf. So unjust was the
case that many Americans vigorously pro
tested and were politely informed that
they "must remember they were in Mex
ico," and that a too liberal criticism of the
course of public officials might result in an
increase of prisoners.
When the case was called yesterday, the
prosecuting attorney coolly observed that
no evidence had been found against the
men and he asked Jud^e Guerrero y Porres
to discharge them. The judge, instead of
dismissing the cose, insisted on sending
the papers to the City of Mexico, and
another fifteen days will elapse before a
decision is made. There is every proba
bility, however, that the judgment will be
favorable to the prisoners, ordering their
immediate release. They are confident
they will be outside of the prison walls by
July 1.
Guo.-rero y Porres was sharply criticized
by the authorities in the City of Mexico
on a previous occasion, when he sentenced
Seymour Jackson to almost seven years
imprisonment and fined him $1200 for al
leged robbery upon no evidence whatever.
Jackson was fortunate in retaining his
British citizenship, which gained for him
the attention of ttie foreign office.
HOW LONG WILL
IT TAKE US TO
SELL 600
REEFER SUITS?
We've about 600 of our
$4-00, $3.50 and $8.00
Reefer Suits, that have sold
down to 4, 3, and 1 of a
kind. Tliafs all's the mat-
ter with 'em.
The colorings are new,
the styles pretty and bright,
embracing some very swell
colorings in Tweed s,
Scotches and Homespuns.
Your pick from the 600
at
$1.95.
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
The San Francisco Boys,
9, 11, IS and 15
KEAEjYY STREET.
34
FEATURES OF THE
SANTA CRUZ FETE,
Four Days of Pleasure at
the Venetian Water
Carnival.
BATTLE ON THE KIVER.
Vivid Portrayal of the Famous
Engagement at Bunker
Hill.
ROSE REGATTA AND PARADES.
Magnificent Illumination on the San
Lorenzo— Marines Will Be
Present.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jane 3.— The pro- i
gramme for the Venetian water carnival
that will be inaugurated in this city on ;
Wednesday, June IT, was completed this |
evening. The programme committee, of
which Lieutenant-Governor Jeter is chair
man, has expended a great deal of work in
arranging for a series of events, of which
each will be a feature attractive and en
tertaining.
The opening day will be devoted to a
celebration of the battle of Bunker Hill.
The exercises in the afternoon and early
evening preceding the battle will be of a
character kindred to that principal event.
At 1:30 o'clock r. m. there will be tendered
a reception and welcome to Admiral -
Beardslee by Mayor Clark, the trustees of
HM Carnival Association and citizens.
At 2 p. m. will be witnessed the landing of
United States marines and Naval Reserve,
to be followed by a parade ol United States i
marines, the Naval Reserve, Grand Army
veterans and Sons of Veterans. The line
of march is to be formed at the foot of Pa
cific avenue to the lower plaza, counter
marching to the grand stand is the carni
yal arena. This will be followed by musi
cal and literary exercises, of which an
■ verture by Roncovieri's American con
cert band will be the leading number, j
There will be an address and then a grand ;
chorus, "The Sword of Bunker Hill," by
the Hastings Social Singing Club.
The cornation exercises will begin at 8
o'docfc. The lighting of the lake, the ;
Queen's throne and the carnival arena will
be done with 1500 sixteen candle-power
incandescent lamps, powerful searchlights
and calcium and colored lights. When I
this illumination has been accomplished j
the audience will witness the arrival of the i
Queen on her Venetian barge, accompanied ;
by her retinue and fleet of gondolas, barges !
and boats. Tbe Queen will be crowned, and !
a magnificent pyrotechnic and electrical !
display will occupy the interval until 9 j
o'clock. At that hour the realistic battle
of Banker Hill, the Naval Reserves repre- ;
senting the British army with a detach- i
ment of Grand Army veterans in the forti- j
hcations, reinfo ced by the Sous of Veter
ans, will be presented. The evening's en- :
tertainment will conclude with a concert
by Roncovieri's band.
"On Thursday, at 12 o'clock noon, a re
ception to visitors will be tendered, and at i
2f. M. a magnificent street parade and j
procession of floral floats, decorated car- j
riages, military organizations, civic socie- j
ties and school children will complete the |
daylight programme. There will be a con- j
cert, with illustrated music, by Ronco- '
veiri's American concert band at 8 o'clock i
in the evening, and fireworks and electri
Miss Nina de St. Hubert, a Leader in the Race for the Naiad's Throne at Santa
Cruz.
cal illuminations on the river.with a fancy
drill by the Waisonville Drill Corps on a
stage in the river. At 10 o'clock the visit
ors will attend the Queen's ball at the car
nival pavilion.
The' Venetian river fete, which will con
sist of a magnificent pageant of floral floats
and novelties in water craft, a rose regatta
and battle of flowers, revie.wei by the
Queen and Governor James H. Budd from
the palace and grand stand, will take
place on Friday afternoon at 1 o'clock.
At 1:30 o'clock a flock of homing pigeons
will be liberated from a barge in the river.
The naval engagement of the Monitor and
j Merrfanac will be presented at 8 o'clock.
It will be a faithful portrayal of the his
toric battle in Hampton Roads, with illus
trated music appropriate to t tie occasion.
A grand Wagnerian concert by Herr
Anton Schott, court singer to the Emperor
of Germany, assisted by Arthur Finken
scher, tb« celebrated pianist, at the carni
i val pavilion and athletic and aquatic
! sports at the beaih and on the river will
be features of Saturday afternoon. In the
i evening the city will be turned over to the
merry maskers, who will engage in masked
! parade on Pacific avenue. After an hour
i of sucn sport ihere will be a grand parade
en masque on the river. A burlesque
crowning of the Queen and other amusing
features will be fallowed by a picturesque
burning of a New York tenement honse
and exhibition drill by the Santa Cruz
Fire Department on the river bank. A
I mask ball at the carnival pavilion will
i bcein at 10 o'clock.
During each of the four evenings and at
i intervals throughout each evening an en
] tertainment will be given on the carnival
j stage in front of the Queen's palace. It
will consist of music, comedy, pantomime,
living pictures, fancy dancing, exhibition
drills and athletic performances, partici
pated in by the Watsonville Drill Corps,
i Naval Reserves, youns.ladies' drill corps,
i Turn Verein, Social Sinking Club, Phil
harmonic Society and Miss lie St. Hubert's
■ dancing classes. The programme for the
i fireworks display is extensive and will
! present some most excellent features.
RAILWAY SUIT AT STOCETON.
Action Brought on a Claim Against the
Valley Road.
STOCKTON. Cal., June 3.— Suit was
! filed to-day by A. V. Scanlan, as assignee
I for J. W. McCarthy and J. C. Doyle.
I against the San Joaquin Valley Railroad
Company, to compel payment of $1975 11
i on their contract taken by Thornton &
i Co. for making the grade of the road in
, side the city of Stockton. The complain
; ants who assigned their accounts to Scan
! Lan were members of the firm of Thorn
i ton & Co., and when the work of the
' graders was about completed they were
| obliged to fill in some 53,000 cubic yards of
■ earth to make up for the shrinkage caused
! by settling.
The Valley road engineers made their
j estimates of Ihe number of cubic yard* of
earth used, and the payments to the con
tractors were made on this basis. The lat
i ter thought -there was more earth used
| than the estimates called for, and had
Surveyor Compton of this city fieure on
I the amount used. His estimates were con
| siderably over those of the Valley road
engineers, and so the contractors de
manded more money.
Thornton would not join his associates
in matuig the demand, as the trio had
quarreled over the settlement of their
. accounts.
DEFIES ARIZ ONA'S GOTERNOR.
A Deposed State Official mil Sot Sur-
render His Office.
PHCENIX, Ariz., June 3. — Governor
Franklin, through Sheriff Orme, has
served on M. H. McCord, member of the
Board of Control of all Territorial Institu
tions, notice of his removal. It is rumored
that McCord will refuse to surrender his
office until ordered to do so by the courts,
as the power of the Governor to remove is
questioned. T. J. Wolfley was to-day ap
pointed to succeed McCord. He is editor
of the Daily Republican of Phoenix, and
has oeen a warm supporter of Governor
Franklin. It is said the Republican will
be changed into an administration Demo
cratic paper.
Pertshed Hear Carson
CARSON, Nev., June 3.— The body of
Alexander G. Bailey, known as "Cigarette
Bill," was found to-day in a canyon near
the poor farm, from which institution be
ran away in February. Bailey was very
weak when he left and probably froze to
death. He was an ex-Confederate soldier.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
GUESTS OF SAN
JOSE DEPART,
Hibernians Conclude the
Biennial Session's
Work.
MEET NEXT IN OAKLAND
Secret Political Societies Are
Vigorously Denounced in
Resolutions.
ADVISORY BOARD ORGANIZED.
State Lecturers Appointed to Labor
for the Growth of the
Ancient Order.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 3.— Delegates to
the biennial convention of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians finished their work
to-day and adjourned, to meet in Oakland
Edward Tynan, First Vice -President, Ancient Order of Hibernians.
in 1898. Borne of the members were tardy,
owing to the banquet festivities of the
preceding nieht, but there was a good
working force on hand for duty when J. J.
Donovan, the new president, rapped for
order at 9 o'clock.
The first business was the submission of |
the reports of the president, secretary and j
finance committee. They show a member- j
ship in California of 6782. During the i
past two years the sum of $19,000 has J
been disbursed for sick benefits. The j
nmount disbursed for charity was slightly j
in excess of $16,000.
After the reports were presented ladies
of the Martha Washington Auxiliary were
received. In their honor a recess was
taken. Mrs. Captain Deasy, president,
Mrs. John Ryall, vice-president, and Mrs.
Captain Wren, secretary, read a paper
setting forth the objects of their society,
and each of th« ladies spoke entertain
ingly concerning the social and beneficial
features of the auxiliary. The ladies were
introduced by Colonel J. J. O'Byrne of
San Francisco, Judge W. A. Ryan and
Edward Tynan, first vice-president, of Los
Angeles.
A state board of lecturers was created in
order that the work of extending the or
der shall be vigorously prosecuted. Father
Day was appointed for Southern Califor
nia, T. R. Bannerman and J. J. O'Byrne
were selected for Central California and
John P. Dagnin was authorized to lecture
in Northern California.
The committee on resolutions submitted
an elaborate report and an animated dis
cussion ensued.
It was resolved that no picnics of the
order should be Held on Sunday or Memo
rial day. Jerome Deasy was the author
of this resolution and with the aid of his
three Grand Army comrades in the con
vention its adoption was secured.
The delegates to the National Conven
tion, to assemble at Detroit in July next,
were instructed to vote for the system of
electing delegates to the National body by
direct vote of the State convention.
A resolution by Colonel O'Byrne that all
divisions of the order in California give
encouragement to the projected fiesta in
San Francisco was adopted.
It was resolved that the representatives
of the most powerful Catholic society in
the world pledge their fealty to the faith.
The pledge to maintain the constitution of
the United States and of the State of
California was also renewed. Protest
against proscription was expressed in the
following language in one of the adopted
resolutions of the series:
We denounce proscription of any person on
account of belief or birth, insisting that all
citizens have equal rights before the law, and
that any attempt to deprive any person of the
rights guaranteed him by the constitution and
laws of the United States and the several
States is moral treason. We denounce all
secret political societies. Whatever abuses
exist or reforms are desired should be discussed
fairly in the open court of American public
opinion.
In reference to a study of the Irish lan
guage the convention adopted this:
Whkkeas, Our society, the Ancient Order of
Hibernians, has always preserved the tradi
tions of our race, helping to perpetuate our
existence as a separate peopie amoug the na
tions of the earth; and whereas, the possession
of a national language is the most evident sign
and strongest proof which people can give to
prove their race distinct from others, and as
without the possession of a national language
an existence as a distinct race cannot be per
petuated,
We, the delegates of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians in California, in convention as
sembled, do resolve to promote the revival
of the Irish language— the luuguage of our race
for one thousand years— by personal study and
by other means which will tend to spread the
knowledge of such language in this State, and
that we will aid the patriotic societies of Ire
land in this worn.
Resolutions were adopted extending
thanks for courtesies to the Santa Clara
divisions of the order, to the press for ex
cellent reports aud to the outgoing officers.
The convention then adjourned to meet in
Oakland two years hence.
Immediately after the adjournment the
new State Advisory Board met and organ
ized by the election of M. J. Wrin, presi
dent, and James L. Kenny, secretary.
The three local divisions, constituting
tne County Board of Santa Clara, enter
tained the visiting delegates this after
noon. An excursion to Alum Rock was
the leading feature of the entertainment.
San Jose is highly praised for hospitality
extended to representatives of the order.
DEFETED AT LOS ANGELES
Lawyer Firebaugh Loses Bit Suit
Against the JiurbrtnJiß* .
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 3.— Lawyer
and Politician Firebaugh of San Francisco
met with a signal defeat to-day at the con
clusion of the trial of his suit against W.
F. Burbank and wife, the latter formerly
Mrs. W. WalkerJy of Oakland. The suit
was for a large sum on an unpaid portion
of a note ana attorney's fee besides.
Firebaugn made an indifferent witness
in his own behalf and was rebuked by
Judge Shaw for evading questions and
"fabricating answers." At the close of
the argument the court promptly rendered
a verdict for the defendants.
Ihroutn from a Moving Train.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 3. — John
Morgan, a laborer who was beaten un
mercifully by Conductor Nat Erwin and
then thrown i'rom a moving freight train
between Davisvilleand Sacramento several
days ago, was brought to this city to-day
and conveyed to the county hospital. It
is feared that he is injured internally, and
hisrecovery is very doubtful. Theauthori
ties are investigating.
Judgment for a Goleta Widow.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal.. June 3.— The
jury in the case of Mrs. Birtch vs. the
Alcatraz Asphalt and Petroleum Com
pany, which has been on trial in the Su
perior Court for a week past, to-night
brought in a verdict awarding $8000 to the
plaintiff. Mrs. Birtch is .the widow of
Edmund Birtch of Goleta, an employe of
tins company who was shockingly burned
by an explosion of a pocket of p-ls in the
mine on the Den ranch at La Pelra last
summer and died after days of suffering.
The complaint alleged gross negligence on
the pan of tiic company in not supplying
its workmen with proper safety lamps.
FOUND ON UNION ISLAND
Edith Way, a Missing Stockton
Girl, Discovered by Her
Father.
Living at the Home of a Rancher,
Who Drives the Parent
Away.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 3.— George W.
Way, the father of Edith Way, the girl
who told Buch a strange story recently
about having been abducted, this after
noon swore out a writ of habeas corpus,
calling upon William Gabriel, who lives
on Union Island, to bring into Judge
Smith's court to-morrow morning at 11
o'clock the body of I> is daughter.
Way was very much excited when he
rushed into Attorney Light's office this
afternoon and related his story. About a
week ago he heard from a Mrs. Ball, who
lives on California street, that his wile,
who ran away after the girl's escapade,
and hisdaughter were being kept on Union
Island. He stwrted out to find them, and
at 10 o'clock last Friday night succeeded
in locating them at Gabriel's. He reasoned
with his wife and finally induced her to
leave with him for home. It was thought
best to leave the girl, Edith, with the
(labrieis until the next day, as Mrs.
Gabriel wa» sick and begged to have the
girl left with her until her father came for
her.
When Way went to the home of the Ga
briels yesterday for his little eirl Grabriel
told him that he could not have her, and
that he would have to walk over his dead
body before he could get her. As the man
was'armed and Way had no weapons with
him at the time he thought the Dest thing
he could uo was to come back to town and
sue out a writ of habeas corpus, compell
ing the man who was detaining Edith to
deliver her up to him.
Way suspects there is a man on the isl
and, in the employ of Gabriel, who was
instrumental in inducing the girl to wan
der over to the powder-house in the recent
storm, and tlsat her mother and her were
willine parties to whatever took place on
the duv when tlie cLild was found half
naktfd in the pelting rain. The following
day this man took mother and daughter
from this city to the island where they
were kept until Way learned their where
abouts.
Feted by faltrjo's Alumni.
VALLEJO, Cal., June 3.— The Alumni
Association, composed of ex-graduates of
the Vallejo High Scnool, tendered a recep
tion this evening In the new public school
building to the young ladies and gentle
men comprising the graduating class of
'96. The new building was opened to
those bearing invitations from the alumni,
and its beauty called forth much praise.
After a s<h6ri programme, pleasingly
rendered, the guests to the number of 300
indulged in dancing.
Lakeport to Celebrate.
LJfKEPORT, Cal., June 3. —At a mass
meeting of the Lakeporf. citizens it was
decided to celebrate the Fourth" of July in
a unique manner. There will be a water
carnival on Clear Lake. All kinds of
uquatic sports will be indulged in during
the daytime and a grand parade of all the
boats on the iake, which will be decorated
in fantastic fashion, in the svening. A
carnival queen is beiug balloted for.
CONVICTED OF A
LATROBE CRIME.
George W. Roberts' Life
Will End on the
Gallows.
CUT A FRIEND'S THROAT
Walter D. Freeman Murdered Be
cause He Won a Wrest
ling Match.
HIS SLAYER'S WEAK DEFENSE.
Sought an Acquittal on the Ground
That He Was Drunk and Ir
responsible.
PLACER VILLE.CaI., Jnne 3.— The trial
of George W. Roberts, accused of killing
Walter D. Freeman by cutting his throat
•with a pocket-knife at Latrobe April 14,
closed last niyht. The jury was out three
hours and returned a verdict of murder in
the first degree.
Roberts is a native of Ohio and 57 years
old. Freeman was a native of this county,
of good family and but 24 years old. He
was well known as an athlete, taking much
pleasure in footracing, boxing and football.
A casual conversation in James Harris'
saloon turned upon the >üb]ect of wrest
lers and wrestling. Rob' rts insisted upon
trying conclusions with some one and
Freeman said in a jocular manner: "You
are too old a man for me." Roberts in
sisted upon a test of strengtr. He was
quickly floored by Freeman, after which
he good-nuturedly paid for a round of
drinks and left the place.
Twenty minutes later Roberts returned
and entered into conversation with Free
man. Suddenly he drew a large jackknife
from his pocket and as quick as a flash cut
Freeman's throat, severing the jugular
vein.
George Penter seized Roberts and threw
him. Bystanders lent assistance and the
murderer was locked in a room awaiting
the arrival of Stier.ff Hilbert.
In the trial the defense set up the plea
of drunkenness, alleging that the culprit's
mind was a blank, he rememnerinj? noth
ing of the occurrence. The jury, after de
liberating for threo hours, returned a ver
dict of murder in th hrst degree. Jud-e
Bennett will sentence the murderer on
June 17.
Latrobe, tbe scene of the murder, is
twenty-one miles west uf Placerville. The
entire county was alert and interesiel in
the case. Robert* Las been in trouble be
fore, having served time foran assault ujion
a Chinaman, who died from the wounds lie
inflicted. Ha was in trouble also in Ne
vada. Freeman bore an excellent reputa
tion and was popular among all ciasses.
He was a nephew of ex-Senator J. H.
Miller of Oakland.
BOWERS AT SAN DIEGO,
Returns to California Worn Out
by an Attack of
Malaria,
Declares Huntington Has Won the
Fight for a Santa Monica
Appropriation.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., June 3.—Represen
tative W. W. Bowers returned from Wash
ington last night worn out by malarial
sickness. To a Call correspondent he
said:
"As to the business of Congress just
about, closing— well, it will not go down
into history for its great success. In fact
it has been a miserable failure, beyond the
fact, possibly, that it demonstrated more
forcibly than ever that the Congre-s of the
United States was controlled in the inter
ests of the corporations and money power.
"An appropriation of about a half mil
lion dollars for fortifying this harbor has
Deen passed, and while the money is avail
able work on the construction is deferred
pending the pleasure of the War Depart
ment. When the river and harbor bill,
with the Santa Monica-San Pedro appro
*-■ Xhmo^J NWORTHY
dealers try to substitute nasty
iodide of potassium preparations
for what is good, genuine and
Californian. Don't accept a
substitute for
TESTIMONIAL.
The Eawin W. Joy Co.— The immediate
and permanect relief afforded me by the
use of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla from
the terrible affliction of dyspepsia, accom-
panied by racking headaches, has
prompted me to voluntarily express my
indorsement. Two years of extreme suf-
fering were banished as if by magic. To
those suffering similarly I recommend its
trial. Its merits will do the rest. Yours
in health,
B. D. CARN,
Poso Township, Kern Gounty, CaL
priation, passed over the President's veto,
Huntington had accomplished one of the
most gigantic, bare-faced steals ever
known. In my opinion the report of the
committee will be in favor of Santa Mon
ica, and that means that the Government
will build a breakwater for the Southern
Pacific corporation.
"My postal savings bank bill was, of
course, a^ain defeated, but each year it
gains ground. The monay sharks don't
want to see such a bill passed, and they
will fieht it. to the end. The mineral land
bill, introduced by me, was not in the in
terest of the Southern Pacific, and, 88
that corporation is a power in Congress,
the bill was defeated. After a most de
termined battle we succeeded in stopping
the passage of another of Huntington's
infamous bills— the funding bill. At first
I was fearful of defeat, but finally we got
our forces in good shape and I went to
the committee representing Huntington
and invited it to bring up its bill, but the
Huntington crowd realized our strength,
and, rather than suffer defeat, allowed it
to go over to the next Congress."
Mourning nt Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June 3.—
Parker N. Newell, one of Santa Bar
bara's oldest citizens, died yesterday after
a Jong illness. Mr. Lewis was a graduate
of Dartmouth College and came to Santa
Barbara in 1873. He engaged in the gro
cery business, retiring some years ago.
He served as Supervisor of the county for
several terms and was an upright and
zeaious man. He was a charter member
of Independent Order of Odd Fellows'
Lodge No. 156. and tne funeral services
will be conducted to-morrow under the
auspices of that order.
BACK FROM FAR ALASKA,
Returned Gold-Seekers Laugh at
Reports of Wondrous
Discoveries.
Declare They Are S nt Out Only to
Deceive the Innocent In
vestor.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., June 3.—
Among fifteen i:oid-seekers who returned
from Alaska on the steamship Utopia was
Frank McCurdy. a business man of this
city, who was one of the Lakrne passen
gers. The prospects were so uncertain and
the country so bare and rugged that Mc-
Curdy determined to get back to civiliza-
I tion as soon as possible. McCurdy says a
more desolate country was never seen by
man, and that any one who remains there
to make a fortune is welcome to all he can
get.
Upturning miners laugh heartily over
I the j-ensational stories which are being
i given to the press all over the country
! about the untold wealth of Coal Bay.
They say thes stories are told simply 10
' attract people who have money to buy
| shares in a certain corporation known a3
■ the Boston & Alaska Slicing Company.
I The "acres and acres of gold-bearing
j ciaims"' are nothing more or less, they say,
! than mile* of beach, the san of which is
: said to contain more or less gold. It will
! require systematic dredging to get this
i sand in "condition ,for working, and as
j there is not a dredger nearer than Pueet
i Hound the people there will be somewhat
; handicapped in their work for some lime
to come.
The following schedule will show the I
' number of vessels and passengers who :
, have been recorded as arriving at Cooks
Inlet this season:
April 3— Steamer Excelsior, Coal Bay, 75 ,
passengers.
April 15— Steamer Lakme, Coal Bay, 220 pas
sengers. .'•■;.■..
April 18— Utopia, Coal Bay, 125 passengers.
April Schooner Ellen, Coal Bay, 25 pas
i senger*. . ■ ;
April 20— Schooner Loyal, Coal Bay, 40 pas
j sen<:< |, '
April 24— Schooner W. J. Bryant, Coal Bay,
! 25 pas:-ell::ers.
April Schooner Ella Johnson, Coal Bay,
!02 passengers. ' ■ '■■
Ai-ril'23— Schooner George VV. Prescott, 28
users. ■
May 5— Ladds Station, steamer Albion, 130
I passengers.
April 2— Portage Bay, Bteamer Bertha, 83
j passengers.
May 4 -Portage Bay, steamer Bertha, 115
; passengers.
This makes a total of 1014 persons who
i had arrived up to the 13th of last month.
i As will be seen from the schedule, the
I Seattle schooner Lincoln has not yet ar
i rived, although long over It has been
i generally conceded that the Lincoln was
■ wrecked with nil on board. / * j
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOITIIKRS ■>.««' I Fl«' I'OMPANT.
(PACIFIC HYHTEM.)
Train* !<■;>».• »n«l arc iln« in arrive ml
MAN i:t.4MIS(U.
leave — Frew Mat 3. ISO 6. — Aitniy j
"•G:OOa Niks, San Joso and Way SUtions. . . »:-a.iA
7:OOa Atlantic ExprOM. Og'Vii and Mast.. 8:43p
7:00 a licnici.i, Vacavilte, Hums. y. Sacra-
mento, and Kxliling via 1)avi3.... 6:43r
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Uapa, Calia-
toga ami Santa Itosa 6:13p
S:II0a Nile*, S;m .lose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, MaryßTillo. Ke<l VAwB.
and Sundays cxceptedOroville.... 4tlsp
•8:30\ Tctrrs and Mi1t0n.....:..... «7:15p
9:UOa Los Angeles Impress, Fresno, Santa
lSarbar.i and l.os Angeles 4t43p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10-15 a
0:00 a Va11ej0..... 6:15p
l:OOp Kilos, San Jose and Livcrmore 8:-S3a
*I:OOp Sacramento Rirr.r Steamers M»:00r-
(1 :.•;<)!• Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43r
4:ooi> Martinez, San Ksmon. Vallejo,
Kapa, ('alistogu, El Verauo and
Santa Kosa 9: 15 a
4:o#r Bcnicla, VaciTiJle, . Woodland,
Knights I.aivli'ig, Marjßville, •
< iiovlllo and .Sacramento 1 »:4» a
4j3op Nile.T, San Jose, Llvermore and
Stockton 7iI»F
4>Bop Merced, Dcrenda, Raymond (for
Yosemitc) and Fresno 11i4J*a
sst#p Now Orleans i:xi)if.-3.Kr<>siio,BakerB-
-.__ ' (loltl, Santa Rurbara.Txis Angeled.
. ' Doming, El Paso, New Orleans ana
East I«ilSa
. 9:00p HnnU Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojare and Ea5t......... 10:1Aa
5:00p Va11ej0..... II :43a
6:0« i-l European Mail, Ogrieu and East. ... 9:43 a
6:Uoi> IlayivardH, Niltgand Sail Jose 7:43 a
}7:OOr Vallcjo f7:43p
7:00p Oregon press, Sacnuiieuto, Mar;s-
ville. Reeling, Portland, riigtt
Smimland limit v lOi4»a
SAN'i'A <!!»)/ IUV'IsIQN (Narrow Uniige).
. {7:43 a Santa (Jim Exrr.reion, Pant* Cruz ■ ■
and Principal V.'ay Stations ...... J*l:t3p
• • :13a NcvTavlf,Ccntervillc,.Saii.loso,FcUoii,
' Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way '
Stations.. * siS«p
*3:13p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, Now
Almadcn, Felton, P.ouldnr Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »1 1 :2O a
4i1.1p Newark. San .lose Slid l.os <;;'.10.v... 9:.Ta
COAST mVISIOX~Ti!TiriI * Townwinl St».)
•6:43 a San Jose ami Way Stations (New : *
mm .. ■ Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... U:43p
; < :30\ Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz. Pacific Gtotc, and
Principal Way Stations 18:33?
8:13 A San .lose, Tres I'iuos, .Santa Cruz,
r.icilio firove, Paso Roblcs, San
. . J.iiia OWspo, Guadalupo and Prin-
cipal Way .St.itioin 7:O3t>
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way (■ t:tio:s fk:43p
l<>: lOa .San .loso ami Wny 5tati0n5. . ....... 3:4>op
I 1:43 a Palo Alto ami .Way Stations........ 3:30?
•2: 30 San .lone, Gilrny, Tre» Pipo.i, Santa
Cruz, Salii)as,Monterey and Pacilio
• lii-nvo . *I 0:40 a
■3::iop San Joso amU'rinclpnl Way Citations U:47a
*4:3oi> San Joso Way Stations .. "8:00 a
3:30p Ban Jose and Way Stations *S:18a
O::jop San Jose and Way Stations.: G:3.la
t11:43p San Joso and Way Stations t7:43p
SAX hKABUKO AMI WARDS LUIiAL. '
t*S:OOA 1 ~ " 7 7TI3T
8:OOa (9:43 a
lo.oot MUrofe, Seminary Park, \^.% X
a i!«g A Fitehbnrg^taLMttdw \f.\H
»:00p «* 3 ;5Hp
4:00p a»d . s;*^
5:30p B«yw»r«*. Ti4sp
7:« OP . . B*4*p
9:00p » Runs through to NDe«. MISSp
ttll»l3pj « From Mies. ; tttflgioop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prom SAB FIUMCISCO— of M»rk«t Street (Slip 8)— .
1 *7:15 0:00 , 11:00 a.m- Jl:00 *2:00 t3:QO
' •4:00 tS:OO *6ioop.ii. -
Prom OARAHD— Foot or Broadwij.— «6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. »2:00 »l:00 *3:00 *3:00 «:00
*5:00r.*(. ■.;,/, '- .■-..• ■.._.■' .
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
" Sundays excopted. -t Saturdays only.
. . _, t Sundays only.
— It Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. ...
niI7IUCOC CJOMETIMES you have
UIZ/.MtOO J5 a dizzy feeling, your
brain whirls, you hold
yourself up to the near-
est pillar or post. It may
ni77IUCCC also ha PP en . th » l y ? u
UlLLintOO have cases in the sto-
** mach, your heart will.
flutter and beat rapidly,
" ' a sinking feeling comes
•ti^^iiirAA upon you, your hands
DIZZINESS «n et are to ° hot or
ulfcfcl too cold. Your back
aches, there is a.sense of
weakness across the
_.__... spine. You may have
D 77 ESS felt many or all of these
UI&CIUI-W" S y m p toms and sensa-
tions. You will ask
yourself. What am I to
do? The answer is. Use
M77INESS the wonder - working
U\LLUM.OO remedlo treatment,
:: i*a
This remarkable dis-
covery was made by the
ni7*7IUCCC Hudsonian doctors,
UI£.Z.IIiUOO whom so many people
know, and who are
highly recommended.
These doctors are the
nif'fiiirAA only doctors to whom
DIZZINESS you can apply for the
great
™ Hudyan.
DIZZINESS l
You can get Hudyan
only from th? doctors of
the Hudson Medical In-
ni77l\lCCC stitute. Hmlyao cures
Ul££lllbOd Varicocele, Hvcirocele
and those delicate or-
ganic troubles. Hudyan
is a sure and positive
< 7lfcirOC cure. It is administered
Ui&&lllLuO by reliable practitioners.
It is a harmless but
solvent remedio treat-
' ment. If you want to.
_.«■..-,. know about the cures
DIZZINESS write or call for
• HUDYAN !
: CIRCULARS. — :
BLOOD TAINTS SHOW
Pimples.
Copper-colored spots. •
Sore mouth.
■'v"-i^-' ■; : : : Sore throat. . —7..'
— - Fa 'ling hair. v';"~— t
Enlarged lumps.
Glandular lumps,
— - Partial loss of eyebrows.
Sore eyes. . ~~
If you are in the first, second or tertiary
state you can be cured. . Cures guaranteed.
Call or write for
I GUARANTEE :
: for
! BLOOD CURES. j
; Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sh.
RAILROAD TRAVEL!
SIYFR4MSCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DA YS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
•t 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 -p.m.
BUNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. M.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00,6:20 p.m.
San Itafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:I*, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a m-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. *. Saturdays-Extra trip*
at 1:55 P. M. and 6:35 P. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9: * 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
Between San Francisco and SchuetEen Park sama
schedule as above.
San Francisco. In pftprt San Arrive
San Fraucisco. 2. San Francisco.
Week j Sen- v t f^iion Sn.v- I Week
Days, j days, DAYa , Day^
7:30 am7:^o am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:4') ak
| 3:30 pm 9:30 am' Petaluma, 6:05 I'M 10:10 am
6:10 PM| 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pu
I Fulton,
7:30 ax ! Windsor, 10:10 ak
' • • HeuUl.ihr.'rj,
Geyserville, •"':.-
-3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 PMi 6:15 pk
~ Pieta, ■ ~
7:30 ami Hopland & 10:10 am
3:30 pm 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15
7:80 am j i i 10:10 ak
7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm I I | 6:15
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 \M
I 5:10 pm 5:00 PM and 6:05 pm 6:15 pk
' [ i Glen Ellen.
7:30 am 7:30 am l gebastoDol 1 10:40 am|10:10 ak
3 .30 6 :00 pm| PePastoPOt. I 6.05 pm| 6:15 pk
PtH)tf« connect at Santa Hosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyserville for Skases Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at PJeta for Highland
Springs. Kclseyville. Soda Bay and LAkpport; ac
Hopland for l,akeport and Bart Springs: at.
Vkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lane. Porno Potter
Valley, John Day's, Lierleys, Bucknell's, San-
hedrin Heights, Hullville. Booneville. Green
wood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal, Willets, Cahto, Covelo,
Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rat« s , .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* be-
yond San Rafael at-half rates.
Ticket Offices, 660 Market st., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING. R. x. AN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
\-J &\ f* 111 C* Wl' i *M7~T^^i¥rT^J^
railroad
Trains leave from anil arrive wixaßffti^SJßW
at Market-Street Ferry. /gfr^tf^jfiTi^
SANTA FE EXPktSi
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
j Leaves every day at 5 p. m., carrying Pullraau
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex can foe
Denver and Su Louis.
The pooalur (-.\.«TA ■FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
i sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
through to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room v
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building:.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry). • V
From San Francisco, t :omm n Ing March 29, 188*.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Saa Kafael — 7 :00. »«:00
t£s^ii\*' *••- -^^*> "*>
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W«dM»
oaya and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
__ SUNDAYS.
"Xn 1 ?!^ ?,*}*/ and a * v Rafael-»8:00, »9:00,
5:30,6:45.8:30 p.m. Extra trip to Bauialltoat
* ii '.\)\J A* If.
Trains marked * run to Saa Qnentln. ••laiSi
r. K. does not run to Mill Valley
, I ,4R ' • w THROUGH TBALNS.
s!nn T* ** " eekda y»-Cazadero and way station*,
SiSn ** Sundays— ("a/* ; leio and way station*,
i »SW 4. U. bUßdayt-rotat Rejea ana w*y stailor*WHY NOT WHOOP
UP OLD GLORY?
Will Give an Unrivaled:
Celebration on the
Fourth.
MUCH WORK BEING DONE
Committee of One Hundred and '<
Fiity Are Rapidly
Preparing.
GRAND ELECTRICAL DISPLAY.
Suggestions Desired for Unique and
Novel Fireworks and City
Decorations.
The Fourth of July committee of one
hundred and fifty is rapidly perfecting
preparations for the grand celebration on
the coming National holiday. So far the
Fac-Simile of the Collectors' Form Used by the Fourth of July Committee.
committee has received the utmost encour
agement, owing to the fact that many very
prominent citizens have volunteered to
collect subscriptions and otherwise exert
their efforts toward ruakine: a great suc
cess of the celebration.
etary A. R. Smith said last night:
"We can safely prognosticate the coming
Fourth of July observance to be the great
est in the history of San Francisco."
The committee is greatly desirous that
the City decorations and the pyrotechnic
display at night shall be novel and unique
and wholly out of the beaten path usually
followed on such occasion?. Therefore
sugses-tions from citizens on these matters
wilJ be gratefully received and wiii be ac
corded due consideration.
The secretary is in receipt of a letter
from John D. Spreckels expressing his
willingness to act as a member of the com
mittee and promising to do his utmost to
hell) the undertaking along.
The finance committee has aaopted a
collection form, =o that all attempts to
fraudulently solicit money in the name of
the committee may be guarded against.
The form contains the signatures of the
chairmen of the finance and executive
committees and the secretary of the entire
committee.
The secretary has been directed to send
these notices to the bankers of the City,
committee consisting of D. .1. Staples,
1. (iutteand Colonel William Macdonald
is appointed to send similar notices to the
insurance men.
Sheriff Whelan has been appointed a
;ttee to collect in the City Hall and
the distiict bounded by Golden Gate
avenue, Jones, Larkin and Market streets.
Chairman I. J. Truman will appoint a
committee of two to collect subscriptions
from the water, gas, railroad and steam
ship companies. The districting for col
lections will be finally determined to-day.
8. L. Lent, president of the day ; I. J. Tru
man, cnairman of the finance committee,
and A. R. fcfmith, secretary of the Fourth
of July committee, are appointed to select
collectors for the several districts.
The Loyal Legion was complimented by
an understanding that two of its members
— J. B. Whittemore and L. D. Ohm —
should be given preference as collectors.
The decoration committee has been ma
terially augmented in strength by the ad
dition of the eminent electrical engineer,
W. F. C. Hassan, the superintendent of
:u inter Fair electrical display. Mr.
in will aid to provide for an electrical
display on the night of the 3d, 4th and sth
of July upon all of the principal streets of
the city.
Among the collection committees, John
C. Kirkpatrick of the Palace Hotei and
Charles Montgomery of the Brooklyn
have been appointed to solicit subscrip
tions from the various hotels.
The committee have in contemplation a |
firework! display wholly outof theordinary
ran. One idea which has been advanced is i
to send up displays from different parts of j
the City, so that the gathering of an im
mense crowd in one particular place will
be done away with. Still the committee
expresses itself open to suggestions on this
feature also.
SOMETHING FOR NOTHING
James Hogan Suing to Get
$60,000 Worth of Prop
erty for $200.
Interesting and Complicated Legal
Points Concerning Trust and
Sheriff Deeds.
A singular case is soon to come to trial
in this City, which involves the disposition
of $60,000 worth of property.
The validity of two deeds constitute the
pivotal and vital points in the case, and if
one of the two is pronounced invalid the
plaintiff will get f«0,000 worth of property
for $200. As the story goes, a man by the
name of Burns died several year 3 ago and
left his two son<j valuable property at the
northwest corner of Pine and Battery
streets. Robert T. Burns deeded his half
interest in the property to his wife, who in
turn deeded it to C. F. Hanlon in trust for
their minor child. Thus, at that 'time the
property stood a half in Hanlon's name as
;t trust and the other half in the name of
jiurns' brother. The brother died and
left his half to Robert T.
In 1885, so the complaint sets forth,
Robert Burns deeded his original half
interest and that inherited from his
brother to Hanlon, in order to defeat a
judgment then pending against him. It
turned out finally that Burns won the suit,
and the deed was never revoked.
Ir. 1891 General Dickinson obtained judg
ment for James Hogan against Robert
Burns for $1200. The case was appealed,
and the Supreme Court affirmed the judg
ment. But Hogan could not get his
money. After an ineffectual attempt he
Jet the matter drop, and thought his suit
was hopeless, until his attorney, Walter
Linforth, discovered some lecal compli
cation overlooued by the other attorneys
who had previously handled the case.
Under the judgment obtained by fiogan
the property was sold to him by the Sheriff
for $200. Burns tailed to redeem, and the
Sheriff issued to Hogan a deed of Burns
interest in the property.
On an order of examination supplemen
tary to judgment it was tound that the
first deed to Hanlon from Burns was void
for want of oon-ideration. Then it was
that th° trust deed's existence was discov
ered, and under the Supreme Court de
cision in the Walkerley case the suit will
now be prosecute'l on the supposition that
the Hanlon needs are void, and if the
Sheriff's deed to Hogan holds good he
will get ttiis handsome property for!f:.'oO—
a pretty technicality for lawyers and a
moral for laymen.
TURNING THE TIDE.
The State Board of Trade Will Endeav-
or to Secure Eastern
Colonists.
J. A. Filcher, manager of the California
State Board of Trade, has been consider
ing a plan for increasing the population of
the State by inducing a desirable class of
home builders to come to California
instead of searching for locations in other
parts of the United States.
At the Atlanta. Ga., exposition he
learned that while hundreds of people
desired to locate in this State they were
kept away by the impression that the
price of land was too high. Many colonies
have been turning to the Southern States
in their search for cheaper lands and
homes. It is known that within the past
six months half a dozen large colonies
have »one to Alabama and Georgia for no
other reason than that the land is cheaper
there than here.
Now as a fact there is plenty of good
farming land for sale in California and the
impression as to the high prices is based to
a great extent upon what is published
i concerning real estate in the southern part
|of the State. In the middle and northern
I parts of California there is plenty of cheap
| land where even the semi-tropical fruits
I can be raised at a profit.
Mr.Filcher's proposition is to raise money
for "missionary" purposes in the East.
More literature descriptive of available
cheap California farming lands and general
information should be published, he
thinks, and distributed in the East. Also,
active agents for the Board of Trade should
be sent to the large cities of the East and
\ turn to the West these large bodies of
| homeseekers now headed for the South
ern States. As stated, ail this requires
money, and this feature is now occupying
Mr. Filcher's attention.
His first move has been to start oat two
| active canvassers to visit the local whole
! sale merchants, business men and those
who hold large tracts of unoccupied land.
Last evening these men reported having
met with success, and the subscriptions
obtained will form the nucleus of a fund
for the purposes stated.
In a short time large quantities of at
tractive reading matter will be sent where
it will do the most good in the East, and
I the Board of Trade will constitute itself a
local bureau of information.
LYNCH'S STRONG CHARGE,
A Contractor Claims That City
Hall Specifications Were^
Changed.
New Plans Will Be Drawn for the
Construction of the Perma
nent Roof.
A slight sensation was sprung in the meet
ing of the Board of New City Hall Commis
sioners yesterday when M. C. Lynch, an
unsuccessful bidder for the contract lor the
steel and copper work of the roof, charged
that favoritism had been shown in the
making out of the specifications for the
work.
He charged that the specifications on
which the San Francisco Novelty and
Plating Works, the successful bidders, had
based their calculations called for "three
ounce 1 ' copper for sheathing, while those he
had received called for "three-pound"
copper.
When asked for his authority for the
charge Lynch mentioned the name of Cal
vin Nutting, but when that individual was
called for he fa?led to respond.
Auditor Broderick remarked that the
charge was a most serious one, and asked
a number of contractors who were present
whether they had understood the specifi
cations to be different from those received
by the Plating Works. All replied in the
negative.
The commissioners decided that Lynch's
charge was too absurd to be seriously con
sidered, and awarded the contract to the
plating works for $83,311 46.
Resolutions were passed to print award
ing contracts as follows: To the Califor
nia Travertine Company, for $16,534, the
contract for the marble work on the first
floor; to W. H. McCormick, for $4156 80,
the contract for the Kirn ball marble work
on the second floor; to tne Amador Marble
Company, for $5351 50, the contract for
the marble work on the ground stairway ;
to Cahill & Hall, for $3675, the contract
for the new elevator, and to F. N. Woods
& Co., for $900, the plain glassworK.
The architect was instructed to issue
new plans and specifications for the rooi
and bring its cost within the amount at
the disposal of the commissioners.
A Political Club Reorganized.
The Young Men's Political and Social Club
has been reorganized with ttie following
officers: President, Frank Scnonig; vice-presi
dent, John Gagan; secretary, Thomas Ryder;
sergeant-at-arms, August ;Suhr. The club will
meet every Wednesday night at 8 o'clock at
Old Franklin Hall, Eddy and Pierce streets.
Tokichi Massao, a Japanese of New Ha
ven, Conn., a graduate of the Yale Law
School, was admitted to practice in the
United States Circuit Court a few days ago.
He is the first Japanese thus admitted in
Connecticut. He wa3 admitted to practice
at the Connecticut bar about a year ago.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
THE ARCHBISHOP
ON THE A. P. A.
Riordan Says It Fears the
Pope Will Kidnap
Cleveland.
DEFIES HIS ASSAILANTS
States That Despite Prediction
His Church Continues to
Breathe Liberty.
HIS SPEECH AT ST. IGNATIUS.
Illustrated Scientific Discourses at the
College's Annual Graduating
Exercises.
"They seem to be afraid that our old
Pope, over 86 years of age, will come over
and kidnap Grover Cleveland." said Most
Reverend Archbishop P. W. Riordan,
D.D., last evening in delivering an address
to the graduates, and a large audience, at
the thirty-seventh annual commencement
exercises of St. Ignatius College, at Haves
street and Van Ness avenue. The arch
bbhop referred to the American Protec
tive Association. St. Ignatius' is a Jesuit
college. Continuing, bis said:
"They are so afraid of the Jesuits that
they would not have a statue of Marquette
put into the capitol. Thirty or forty years
ago, when I was a boy, there was some
thing of the same agitation going on that
there is now. They said the old church
cannot live here. They said it needed to
be supported by monarchies and thrones,
and that it could not live in an atmos
pnere of liberty — in a republic. To-day
they say we have our hands on everything
and so they are afraid as I have said. But j
the old church still stands. It stands," said j
the Archbishop, using a figure of speech i
suggested by the main feature of the com
mencement exercises, "as a lighthouse by
the sea. The old lighthouse still stands,
in storm and sunshine, and sheds its light.
It stands solidly on a rock and gives a
light which passeth not away."
These sentiments were applauded.
Referring particularly to St. Ignatius
College Archbisnop Riordan said : "We
owe a debt of gratitude to these professors
and this magnificent institution. During
the past year we have heard a great many j
things about us. One thing I would like :
to know is, how these professors educate
these boys and receive nothing. This in
stitution has not $1 of endowment.
"In its scientific department it is more
advanced than any college in the State, j
Anybody can build a church or an ecclesi- j
astical institution, but the intellectual
and spiritual edifice which these professors
bnild up in the minds of young men is of I
vastly more importance. They are the j
real tower builders of the age. They light
the light of Christian knowledge which
Bhall guide them through eternity.
"In the experience of 1900 years there is
but one sure light to follow. That is the ■
light which comes from our Lord, who j
says, 'I am the light of the world.' No j
human philosophy is better. The old
lighthouse of the Catholic church still
stands."
When the graduating exercises opened
the large faculty sat in a semi-circle in the |
first row of chairs before the stage, with
Archbishop Riordan and President Ed
ward Allen in the center.
The prospect of the stage was made
pleasing and somewhat mystifing by clus- j
ters of mirrors and scientific instruments. !
The only bright spot in the hall, for dark
ness prevailed during most of the occa- J
sion, was a screen on the stage on which
was thrown the brilliant focus of stereop
ticon pictures.
An overture by an instrumental quintet
opened the programme, and then came
Percy Hennessy, class of '98, who deliv
ered in Latin an introductory welcome ad- J
dress.
The main feature of the exercises aside
from the speech of the Archbishop was a
scientific lecture on "Lighthouses, Their
Building and illumination."
Robert Richards, «ne of the graduates,
appeared as a silhouette before the big
screen, pointer in hand, and told about
the building of the lighthouse tower.
As he proceeded pictures of all kinds
of lighthouses, from the Pharos of Alex
andria and the Colossus of Rhodes to the
most modem lighthouses on the Pacific
and Atlantic coasts of this country, were
thrown upon the screen. The pictures
were rather indistinct, being thrown from
behind, but they served their purpose. He
traced the history of lighthouses from the
first beacons on promontories to New York
harbor and the Golden Gate, delivering a
discourse which doubtless furnished in
formation to the grayest and baldest heads
in the audience.
A violin selection by John Marquardt,
with piano accompaniment, "Fantasie,
Sarasate," was encored, and he responded.
John L. Mulrenin, another graduate,
liberally instructed the audience on the
lighting of the lighthouse.
This young man's talk was even tech
nically scientific, and his familiarity with
the subject of lights, prisms, refractions,
etc., commanded the respect of his hear
ers. Various kinds of lighthouse illumi
nations were illustrated in lamps, reflect
ors and other apparatus on the stage.
The assistants for both these lectures
were graduates John M. Kelly, Francis
Morton, Richard C. Tobin Jr. and Francis
Reichlinsr.
Two more selections by the instru
mental quintet were given, and between
them came the awardingof handsome gold
and silver medals and books to the pupils
whose scholarship and deportment had
won them. Archbishop Riordan pinned
on the medals and distributed the diplo
mas. The awards were as follows:
The degree of bachelor of arts was con
ferred on John L. Mulrenin (with praise),
Francis A. Norton, Francis Reichling,
Joseph M. Kelly, Robert H. Richards and
Richard C. To bin.
Gold medal for the best essay in "Philosophy
of Religion," George J. Cleary; special men
tion, Francis L. Fenton; next in merit, John
L. Mulrenin and Milton B. Lennon. Donor,
Most Reverend Archbishop P. W. Riordan,
D.D.
Gold medal for the best essay in "Christian
Doctrine," VVilliam A. Breen; special mention,
Henry Fanning; next in merit, Clarence Car
riean, Percy Hennessy and Walter Williams.
Donor, F. S. Wensinper.
Gold medal for the best mathematical paper
Francis L. Fenton; next in merit, George J.
Cleary and William A. Brtjen. Donor, James
D. Phelan, A.8.,81.
Gold medal lor the best Latin composition
John Carrigan; next in merit— William A.
Breen, Zacheus Maher, Percy Hennessy,
Clarence Carrigan, William Keaney, Edward
F. O'Day, Richard Lloyd Williams, Joseph
Freechtle and John Cuneo. Donor, Mrs. A.
Donahue.
Gold medal for the best paper in "Element
ary Latin and Greek," Rudolph Longabaugh;
special mention, William Canavan; next in
merit— James Dillon, Henry Clifford, William
McDonald. Joseph Coynell, Eugene O'Keefe,
George Jobst, John traviotto, Witoid Zachert',
James Mclnerny, Joseph A. Murphy, R. Red
mond, Henry McCarthy, William Ast and Ber
nard Power. Donor, Mrs. E. Martin.
DEPORTMENT PRIZES, HIGHER DEPARTMENT.
Medal, Jeseph M.Kelly; premium, Wylie J.
Dunn. Honorary mention: Class of philoso
phy, G. Cleary, F. Fenton, J. Meagher, M. Len
non, F. Reichling, J. Mulrenin, B. Richards
and R. Tobin; class oi rhetoric, G. Fox, F. Mal
lon, H. Sullivan, P. Hennessy, W. Breen, H.
Costa; class of iiujnanitie-, C. Carrigan, W.
Williams, J. Carrigan and L. Lennon.
GRAMMAR DEPARTMENT.
Medal, Wesley Simpson; premium, Witoid
Zachert. Houombh- mentioned: First gram
mer class, E. O'Dnr, M. Maher, Z. Maher,
G. Hopkins, H. Hussey, R. Williams, J.
Cuneo, K. Connell, G. Oliva and A. Mc-
Wlliiams; second grammar class, B. Power,
J. Coffey, J. Connell, V>. Golden, J. Cravi
otto, R. Redmond, H. Welsh, H. Wrede,
J Barry, G. Jobst, H. McCarthy, L. Ryan, D.
Murphy. M Power, J. O'Rourke, J. Lewis, T.
Lainey, A. Price, U. Foley. S. Riley, K. Church
ill W.Dunn, J. Foley, D. O'Neil, J. Murphy,
W. Ast.J. Di Hon. J.Hughes ; third grammar class
J Madden, F. Fnrrell, H. McCabe, O. Dorn, J.
Sullivan, J. Collins. F. Williams, W. Wilson, J.
Bedoni, D. J. Murphy, W. Canavan, F. Sutton,
T. O'Keefe, M. Murphy, E. LaVallee, G. Kast,
J. Clifford, J. Shea, H. Clifford, J. Laydon
and J. Hoey.
COX'RSE OF PHILOSOPHY.
Philosophy of religion-
Medal. John Mulrenin; premium, Joseph
M. Kelly. Distinguished— Robert Richards,
Francis Reichling.
Mural philosophy—
Modal, John Mulrenin; premium, Joseph M.
Kelly. Distinguished — Francis Reichling,
Robert Richards, Francis Morton.
Mathematics—
M«'dal— John Mulrenin; premium. Robert
Richards. Distinguished— Francis Riechling,
Francis Morton.
Physics—
Medal. Francis Reichling; premium, John
Mulrenin. Distinguished, Robert Richards.
Chemistry-
Medal, John Mulrenin; premium, Robert
Richards. Distinguished— Francis Reichling,
Joseph H. Kelly.
Philosonhy oi Religion-
Medal, George J. Cleary; premium, Francis
L. Fenton.
Logic and Metaphysics—
Medal, George J. Cleary; premium, Francis
L. Fenton. Distinguished— Milton B. Lennon.
Mathematics-
Medal, George J. Cleary; premium, Francis
L. Fenton. Distinguished— Milton B. Lennon.
Physics-
Medal, Francis L. Fenton; premium, George
J. Cleary.
Chemistry-
Medal, Francis L. Fenton; premium, George
J. Cleary. _______^_____
SCIENCE WITHOUT MONEY
Capable Trustees in Charge Will
Pilot the Academy of
Sciences.
Taxes Play Havoc With the Small
Income, but All Current Bills
Are Paid.
The announcement in The Call of yes
terday that the California Academy of
Sciences was in a rather constrained posi
tion financially was received with mixed
j feelings of astonishment and regret.
Men who have long admired the acad
! emy and its work in the field of science
were sorry to learn that the institution
was hard pressed for money.
Those who knew what the academy has
accomplished were in fact pained at the !
prospect of a possible discontinuance of the i
scientific research which kept California j
before the world. They foresaw a sudden j
end, for some time at least, of the splen- '
did efforts of such men as Dr.
i Eisen, Professor Loomis and others, and
iin more than . one instance it was
stated: "Now is a time when men of
wealth ought to come to the aid of the
academy, as old Charles Crocker did long
ago, and help it on in the interest of sci
ence." V. |
Of course it must not be understood that
| he academy is not able to meet its debts, i
i or that the credit of its board of trustees is ;
impaired in any way.
The situation, as outlined in The Call, \
is this: The academy has not sufficient
income, now that it is wholly clear of the
JDick trust, to curry on its work as hereto
i fore, and the strictest economy must be
I employed to keep its : head above water.
| Indeed, the trustees have accepted the sit
uation and instituted a regime of strict
economy.
Salaries have been cut down and all ex
penses reduced, and this means that the
j scientific work has been curtailed ; that
this paper or that may not be published as
part of the proceedings of .the institution ; j
that expeditions , may not be sent out for
original work in the field, which is all im
i portant to the advancement of science;
i that, in short, the unlimited and endless
i work of the curators is retarded for the
want of money.
With the money at its disposal the
academy cannot pursue its scientific work
in keeping with its facilities and its staff
of curators.
. W. 8. Keys of the board of trustees had
j a plan to sell trie building on Market
' street or rent it all for a good income, i
j General Lucius H. Foote, treasurer of the ]
! trustees, stated yesterday that such a plan
was not possible under the law or condi
tions of the trust.
General Foote declared that the institu
tion was not bankrupt. "But," he ad
mitted, "we are compelled to be very
economical in everything to keep within
our means."
He made a statement of the financial
condition of the .academy, which was
really favorable.
"The academy property is assessed for
$360,000," he said, "and there is not a
| dollar owing on it. We have loaned out
i $98,348 46 at 7 per cent, and in what is
known as the Crocker fund— a donation
from Charles Crocker— we have $20,000 in
! Southern Pacific bonds bearing interest of
i 6 per cent.
"We have $5000 cash in bank and owe
1 about $10,000. Within the last year we
received about $90,000 from the settlement
of the Lick trust. The academy is worth
about $600,000 to-day. Our gross" income
is about $28,000. .
"Last year we tooK about $8000 out of
bank and loaned it out at 7 per c nt. That
left us short of ready money. We had to
pay taxes for the first time, as the property
was given over by the Lick trust to the
academy trustees during the year. Now
that is an expenditure of 2.23 per centum
on $360,000, a heavy draft on our treasury
that should not be ' made at all. It is
wrong to tax a scientific institution.
"The academy should not be taxed. We
hope the taxes will be much less this year,
or that we may be able to have them re
duced.
"Then last year the academy did a great
deal ol work, very high-class work, and
published papers that were expensive.
Probably 1 these publications exceeded
those of any other similar institution in
the country. It is said they actually were
double as large as • the publications of
other academies.
"We have had to cut down expenses.
Curators are working for $70 a month.
Imagine these scientific men giving up
their time, devoting themselves wholly to
their work for $70 ; a month ! It is only
their love for science that makes it possi
ble. Expenses for each department for
alcohol, chemicals and little things do not
exceed $60 a year on an average.
"Tue great point now being made by the
trustees is to keep within our income.
Still we hope to publish quite a number of
articles and illustrations this year, such
papers as those of Dr. Jordan* Professor
Ritter of the/University of California, and
others, likely Dr. Eisen's on his wonderful
discovery, and some other articles.
v "All current Dills are paid up to dale.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
trustees to-day they were passed upon,
and the question of publishing was also
discussed. As lor selling the building, we
cannot sell and never will sell."
•—• — * — ■»
A Persian regiment on the "march is a
strange spectacle. Every three soldiers
have a donkey, for there is neither bag
gage train nor commissariat. On the don
key ,is ; placed the worldly wealth .of ■ its
proprietors and their muskets. Occa
sionally the veiled wife of a soldier be
strides the beast.
• — ■» ♦
: It is estimated that the ; total output of
all the t breweries iin the London district
does not fall far short of 10,000,000 ; barrels
per annum. " ' >
■ .-
DEMOCRATS FROWN
ON WOMAN'S CAUSE
The State Convention Will
Not Indorse Equal
Suffrage.
GOLDBUGS CONFIDENT,
But the Silver Men Are Sure of
Victory and of Downing
Daggett.
A PROBABLE JUNTA DEFEAT.
The Populist State Executive Com
mittee Gives Long Hours to
Campaign Plans.
The Democratic Btate Convention is
going to give the new woman a black eye.
This ungallant deed will be accomplished
by refusing to indorse in the platform the
proposed eleventh amendment to the con
stitution, bestowing suffrage on woman.
The report of the committee on platform i
and resolutions will not mention the better ,
half of society, and if some friend of the !
equal suffrage cause bravely gets up in the j
convention and offers a resolution that
would please the workers in the cause of
woman hewill be downed without elaDorate j
ceremony.
The statement is based on the almost j
universal expression ot sentiment and j
opinion that one may hear throughout
the Democratic party from North to I
South. The party will be against woman
suffrage, partly through sentiment and j
partly through the operation of practical ;
I political perceptions.
The ladies who are most actively labor- !
ing in the cause have flight if any hope j
that the fourth State Convention to be
held by political parties will do what the
three "others have unanimously done.
Miss Anthony and other ladies propose to
be on hand at Sacramento, however.
The principal cause of this attitude is
generally explained to be the foreign ele
i ment. This element naturally takes a
j conservative view of the proposition in '
j itself, and there is an unfounded fear,
I shared by .others in the party, that sumptu
j ary legislation might follow when the
' women vote. Others oppose it simply in
recognition of this feeling.
Tnere are many warm supporters of the ;
suffrage cause unions Democrats, but they
concede that the majority will be against
it. When the Trinity County delegation
was elected the only iustructions it re
ceived were to oppose woman suffrage.
The hardest workers in the administra
tion cause are keeping up their licks and
maintaining their faith that gold will :
i control the State Convention, but the sil • ;
ver men are gaining fresh courage as the
I party tide throughout- the Union turns
I with increasing volume and speed toward
: silver.
A week ago tne party issue in this State
tv extremely doubtful, with the chances >
largely in favor of the administration-gold
machine, which was effectively organized,
powerful and assiduously at work against j
the unorganized silver element.
The rout of the administration forces in
Kentucky the other day has made its effect i
felt here, though not as strongly as in
gome other States. This effect is naturally j
to weaken the gold forces and strengthen ;
the silver ones by turning with the tide ;
I doubters and those who look for the win- j
nine side.
But this is in a large measure offset by j
the fact that the Federal machine is espe- i
ciaily strong and effective in this State. |
The practical political power wielded !
through patronage has nothinn to do with j
political economy. The Federal brigade !
forces are held firmly in line. They are
still confident of victory.
This confidence is, of course, based on ■
the calculation that the Junta delegation,
controlled by Daggett, Rainey and Me- j
! Nab, will be seated, and that the rival ;
1 delegation, representing the bulk of the j
party, will be thrown out. If the Junta
delegation were to be seated the victory
of the cold and administration forces
would unquestionably be secured, as but
about 140 additional delegates from all the
rest of the State would be needed.
It is the prospect that the State Conven
tion will not turn the party in this City
over to Rainey, Daggett and McNab and
1 their small coterie of followers which
chiefly promises a victory for silver at Sac
ramento.
The Buckleyites are pledeed to silver
; and to anti-funding resolutions and favor
1 Foote, Maguire and White for delegates-at
' large to Chicago, all of whom are bitterly
1 opposed by the Junta. The silver men
1 are not inclined to sacrifice their cause on
account of a family quarrel in San Fran
! Cisco, and an increasing number of lead
'■ | ing silver advocates are quietly letting it
' : be known that they are not uoing to back
1 up the Daggett-Rainey- McNab gold dele
gation.
Added to this is the anti-Daggett senti
f ment that pervades the party. Daggett is
'' resurrected after twelve years in the polit
• cal tomb and he would be the party boss
' in this State with the State Central Com
! mittee in his pocket, and with control of
' the machine when the Slate campaign
1 opens two years hence.
The animosities that were born at the
' Stockton convention of 1884 when Daggett
was read out of the party as a traitor, in
1 the platform of that year, will flame anew,
i and with old-time heat at Sacramento on
■ the 16th of June. There is a widespread
prejudice against Daggett and against the
t Federal brigade of which he is chief, and
I this opposition will 06 visited with all its
• strength on the Junta delegation, whish
' Dageett will wield at his pleasure if it is
' seated.
s Combined with the anti-Daggett feeling
f wiH be hostility to McNao and Frank
Gould, who are helping Daggett with his
slate programme. This hostility is partly
• due to the wide impression that McNab
» and Gould made combinations with the
» A. P. A.'s in the last campaign and partly
' to other reasons for unpopularity. So the
■ gold programmers have much to contend
" with in eetting their 161 San Francisco
• voters recopnized.
The Buckleyites are rapidly lengthing
' their list of friends as the county delega
tions are chosen throughout the State,
' and are expressing increasing confidence
■ that the convention will express the judg
ment that Congressman Maguire has so
vigorously and often expressed that they
constitute the regular and legal organiza
tion here, represent the mass of the local
party and are entitled to be seated in the
1 convention.
POPULISTS GET READY.
The State Bxecative Committee Holds
a Protracted Session.
Eleven of the fifteen members of the
Populist State Executive Committee spent
all of the day yesterday and a large share
of the night discussing the coming State
campaign of the Populist party.
They met during the forenoon and after
noon at the house of John C. Gore, 11 Es
sex street, and in the evening at the Russ
House. The members of the committee
present were:
E. M. Wardall, Los Angeles, chairman; R. E.
Bush, Berkeley, secretary; J. £. Camp, Sacra
mento, treasurer; C. H. Castle, Merced; J. M.
Moore, Alameda; John S. Dore, Fresno; George
D. Gillespie, C. H. Johnson, San Francisco;
H. A. Mason, San Jose; M. E. Ditruar, Shasta;
F. Houghton, Tehaiua.
It was officially decided that the delega
tion to the National Convention at St.
Louis, July 22, should go by the Central
Pacific. Denver ana Rio Grande and Mis
souri Pacific routes in a special train made
up of both tourist and Pullman sleepers.
Tne delegation will meet at Sacramento
on July 16, and proceed from there.
Two campaign committees were appoint
ed by Chairman Wardell. The chairman
and tne secretary are members of each
committee and the other members are as
follows:
On campaign literature, C. H. Castle,
George D. Gilleapie, j. M. Moore.
On speakers— John S. Dore, J. .W.
Keegan, M. E. Ditmar.
A committee consisting of Chairman
Wardall, Secretary Bush and George D.
Gillespie, was appointed to secure State
headquarters at an early day.
Ways, means and methods for the cam
paign were discussed at much length, and
the committee will hold another session
this forenoon, when it will adjourn to the
call of the chairman.
Besides the members of the committee
there were present throughout the ses
sions C. P. McGlashan of Truckee, nomi
nee for Congress in the Second District,
and Georce W. Montieth, the nominee in
the First District. C. H. Castle, the nominee
in the Seventh District, is a member of
the committee and was present.
These three Congressional campaigns
received much attention. In only these
districts have nominations been made.
The candidates are busily at work in a
quiet way and vigorous campaigns will be
opened about the first of July. Monteith
is going to make a buckboard canvass and
promises to make the liveliest one his dis
trict has seen.
It is expected that General Coxey will
be present with the committee to-day.
NEW TO-DAY.
Of* \ \ '
ALTERATION
SALE
' To make room for our increasing trade,
alterations in our store are necessary. We
'. seize upon the occasion to make a sweeping
reduction of ten per cent on« ready-to-wear
Suits from our usual Wholesale prices.
Everything 10 per cent off ! Pick your
suit, any style, any price, and take 10 per
■ cent off the regular wholesale price !.
Our urgent request to return any article
not satisfactory is an absolute guarantee.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS,
MARKET 541 STREET -
Only Branch in S. F., 211 Montgomery St. Avoid firms using a similar name.
g 7®wt®w*9?®mww?®?®wt®tm®z®z® is
£ "The North Pole made use of at last." I
i §
§■ ■ m IHHB . : '•■ , ■ i
I *
2 Always at the front and wherever 1
I "BATTLE AX" goes it is the |
§ biggest thing in sight* It is as re- §
g markable for its fine flavor and quality |j
9 as for its low price* A 10 cent piece §
k of "BATTLE AX" is almost ¥
£ twice as large as a JO cent piece of 1
§ any other equally good tobacco* 1
SERVED HIM RIGHT.
John Harvey, an Insolent Beggar, Ar
rested for Threatening to Kill
Contractor Tobin.
John Harvey, a powerful young fellow
22 years of age, was taught a iesson last
night that will do him and others of his
kind good in the iuture.
J. R. Tobin, contractor, had left the
Baldwin Hotel to go to the Olympic Club,
when he was accosted by Harvey, who
asked him for a dime. Tobin told him he
could not oblige him, but Harvey walked
alongside of him and persistently dunned
him. Tobin finally lost patience and told
Harvey curtly not to annoy him. He got
an abusive and offensive reply which an
gered him, and he told Harvey he would
eive him in charge of the first policeman
they met.
Harv y then walked away and Tobin
followed him. Harvey turned into the
alley leading from ElJis street to Eddy,
near the Tivoli, and waited till Tobin
came up to him. He told Tobin that he
would kill him if be continued to follow
him, and Tobin replied lh:it he would take
his chances. At the corner or Mason and
Eddy streets Policeman Ring was stand
ing, and Tobin asked him to arrest Har
vey for threatening to kill him.
Harvey started off on a run down Mason
to Market, across to Fourth, down Fourth
to Stevenson and along Stevenson to
Fifth, where he was overtaken by King
and placed under arrest. A big crowd
joined in the chase, and there was consid
erable excitement for a few minutes.
Harvey was charged at the City Prison
with begging and threats to kilL
Over 300,000 specimens of fossil insects
have been collected from various parts of
the world. Of these, butterflies are among
'the very rarest, as less than, two specimens
all told have been found.
56
®fr* no*
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
". ; Editor and Proprietor.
" • SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Postaze Free:
• Dally »nd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Pally and Sunday Cam., one year, by mall 6.00
. Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Cali, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
' Band ay Call, one year, by mall 1-30
i . Vkf.kly Call, one year, by mall •••• 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on » vacation T If
• '.": • to, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CAJ-L to
"• your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the currier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CIIAKUK.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone ....... Maln-18OT
EDITORIAL ROOMS :
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Matn-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
8:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Laricio street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
£W. corner bixteeutU and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
113 is'inth street ; open until 8 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Itoems 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THURSDAY .JUNE 4. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The gold Democrat must either dodge,
bolt or lie down.
Dunham's whereabouts may be safely
said to be in Quien Sabe Valley.
After this year Democracy will join
Jackson in the grave and stay with him.
The biggest straddle in sight is the
way Cleveland is straddling the Cuban
-lion.
Free silver men will never pull thechest
n'lts out of the lire for any such ape as
Democracy is.
Municipal economy and public improve
ment can be made a well-matched team if
they are handled right.
The Academy of Sciences knows many
things more than the average citUer,-, but
not much more about raising an income.
Loral Democrats may think they are
fju'luing for pie, but it is a sure thing they
will get no pie for their lighting this year.
Cleveland is believed to have decided to
put his third-term boom on ice until 1900,
and then run it as a fin de siecle move
ment.
Until we have a thorough system of pro
tection the people will never cease to
make it the chief issue cf every National
content..
Cleveland has been turned down again,
but once more his fatness enables him to
show up about as big in that position as
in any other.
Fortunately the chasm between Cleve
land and his party b getting large enough
to hold the carcasses of both, so> the coun
try needn't fret.
At the next municipal election the peo
ple will vote for men who are not only
willing to take pledges, but can be relied
on to keep them.
If Tt iler should accept the Democratic
lential nomination it would be the
last of him. lie would never have any
thing more to telL
There isn't enough movement in the
Democratic current to start a boom
even if any candidate in the party had
strength euougn to launch one.
I'ntil City otiicials show themselves
capable of making better use of tbe rev
enues already raised the people will never
favor an increase of taxation for any pur
pose.
The National election will probably end
very much like that in Oregon, with the
.Republicans victorious, the Populists
showing gains and the. Democrats dis
tanced.
Offering a reward for the capture of a
murderer has the defect of offering an in
ducement to tae officials to wait wheu the
next murder takes place for another re
ward to be altered.
There is an opportunity now for men of
means to show their public spirit and their
desire for the advancement of learning by
giving tiie Academy of Sciences the glad
hand of a generous heip.
In kicking Gorman out with one foot
while planting the other firmly on the
Cleveland platform the Maryland Democ
racy has succeeded in cutting the most ex
traordinary caper of the campaign.
Many a Cleveland official who thinks
himself safe under civil service rules will
be caught in offensive partisanship this
summer and be yanked from cover when
the time comes to turn the fools out.
Tiie festival of the Golden Gate will not
be a carnival and should not be advertised
:;- Mich or people outside the State may
get the idea it is to be held next spring,
and so neglect to make arrangements to
come and see it this fall.
The presence of the coming Republican
National Convention will not wholly com
pensate St. LOIII3 for the damage wrought
by the recent cyclone, but it will go far to
• cheer her people by the stimulating assur
a?ice of the coming of prosperity.
The talk of a commission to take the
tariff out of politics is just a little bit pre
mature. The vote of the people in Novem
ber will remove it from politics for the rest
of the lifetime of this generation, and
even after that it will be dangerous for a
free-trader to monkey witn.
Major McLaughlin hay done his work
well in the appointment cf the sub-com
mittees of the Executive Committee, and
the general satisfaction with which it has
been received gives assurance that th«
whole party will work in harmony during
the campaign and exert every energy to
achieve victory la all sections of the State.
" In 1802, when the United States market
• was protected for home producers, there
. was a deficit in the British budget of over
$250,000 and a surplus revenue in this
country of more than $9,000,000, while
under the Democratic tariff this year the
British have a surplus of $21,000,000 and
we have a deficit that will exceed $26,000,
-000. Is it any wonder the American work
:«i;nuui is, eager, to turn the fools oat?
"MUNICIPAL IMPROVEMENTS."
It may be laid down as a proposition im
possible of refutation that what is
lightly termed "municipal improve
ments" by nianv careless thinkers in
this City is tlie most momentous prob
lem that can confront any commun
ity. The idea that all tiie people need
do in order to secure beautifully
paved streets, perennially green parks,
clean and sweet-smelling sewers and the
other things which make life in a city
a jocund affair, is to appropriate a
large sum of money to the various
City Hall funds, is unworthy any ma
ture mind. Indeed, it is probably
a proposition almost as irrefutable
as the one first stated that a good way not
to get the blessings referred to is to ap
propriate a large .sum of money without
ascertaining in advance exactly how it is
going to be spent.
Municipal improvement in the $ense
of clean, we'l-paved streets, perfect sewers
and beautiful parks is undoubtedly much
to be desired. By having these things a
city makes itself a desirable place of
residence. By making itself a de
sirable place of residence it attracts
people. As a city without people
would be a comical affair, so a city that
has a great many people is a serious affair-
In short, cities are made up of people, and
those cities are the healthiest, the great
est and the richest which by affording tine
''municipal improvements" induce the
largest number of people to live in them.
There are other reasons for the assertion
that a good system of "municipal improve
ments" ought to be and always is the aim
of every civilized community; but the
single reason that common prudence and
a regard for the welfare of its citizens
dictate that every comnmuity should
give its lirst attention to those things
is sufficient. And this brings us to
the point, viz.: Can San Francisco
boast of a good system of public improve
ments? Are her streets well paved, are
her sewers clean, and do her parks all bask
in the beautiful green of our continual
summer? The answer is, of course, No.
What, then, shall be done to bring about
the municipal millennium upon which
those who talk loosely of "improvements'
are so fond of descanting?
It is not difficult to imagine that the
political clubs will shout, with one voice:
"Give us the money and we will arrange
the matter for you instantly." And no
doubt they would. Ten millions in gold
would not repave the accepted streets were
the work left to the City Hall and politi
cal clubs. Twice ten millions would not
provide the City with a sewer system if
the workmen were to come from the same
quarter. Nor would this be because all
the men at the City Hall and in the
political clubs are dishonest. There is
no occasion to make any such charge,
even if it were in part true. The money
would be wasted, if so appropriated,
mainly because there is no scientific plan
in pursuance of which to expend it.
It is not too much to say that until such
a plan is drawn and submitted to the peo
ple as a basis for future operations, not
one single dollar, except the few that are
necessary to keep the streets passable and
the sewers open, should be appropriated.
To attack the accepted streets on any
other basis than complete regeneration is
idle; to attempt to repair sewers which
were never built in accordance with a sys
tem is a waste of time and money. But,
it may be asked, How are the people of
San Francisco to secure a plan of
"municipal improvements" upon which
it will be safe to risk some of
their money? The source from which
plans must be devised is, of course, the
Board of Supervisors. When it is consid
ered that the accepted streets and sewers
cannot go much longer without causing a
mutiny in this City, and also that the
Supervisors who are to be elected this
year may he finally compelled to under
take a plan of municipal improvement,
tbe importance to the taxpayers of look
ing after that arm of the City government
becomes readily apparent. In fact, there
is nothing more important to this City in
the coming election than the personnel of
the next Board of Supervisors.
LEE IN CUBA.
Our new Consul- General to Cuba, Fitz
hugh Lee, has reached Havana, and no
doubt we shall know the exact state of
affairs on the island in the near future.
He goes with permission from Spain to
pass through Weyler's lines and visit the
insurgents at their headquarters. General
Lee is himself an old soldier, and hence it
would be very foolish of the Spanish au
thorities to attempt to misrepresent the
situation to him. It is understood his
mission to the rebel camp is to ascertain
what the insurgents are relying upon in
the way of men and arms to accomplish
their purpose, and also to see if they have
made or are likely to make enough prog
ress in the direction of establishing a re
public to warrant President Cleveland in
according them belligerent rights.
Undoubtedly General Lee is personally
in sympathy with the insurgents, but that
will not close his eyes to the facts as they
are, and when his report is received we
may rely upon it that it is correct in every
particular. Weyler, it is said, does not rel
ish th» idea of a trained soldier, one who
has had a military education, having
the freedom of both camp.-*, but if he has
not been lying all this time about the sit
uation, he need not fear anything; but if
he has, Consul-General Lee will know it,
and so report to the Washington Govern
ment.
CLEVELAND TURNED DOWN.
In passing the river and harbor hill over
the President's veto, Congress not only
saved the country from having great in
justice done to its vast commerce, but it
administered a well-de3erved rebuke to
Mr. Cleveland. The veto message was
more iike an after-prayer talk of a coun
try schoolteacher to a class of dtupid boys
than a state paper; besides Congress
knows better than >lr. Cleveland knows
what the country needs, and he presumes
when he tells the direct representatives of
the people that he is the sole guardian of
their constituents.
Of the 280 Congressman voting only GO
sustain the veto, and no doubt they are
heartily ashamed by this time of their
effort to cripple the country's trade and
traffic. It is significant that, oifly one Pop
ulist voted for the bill, but it is not sur
prising that a large following of Demo
crats voted for it, for whatever else may
be said, there are some Democrats in Con
gress who always have an eye single to
the good of the material welfare of the
people, and who have the courage to vote
right, whether it is for or agaiiißt the
President.
But the bill is now a law, and the work
of improving the country's waterways and
harbors should bo pushed as rapidly as
possible. The portion of the appropria
tion that is designated for California is
liberal enough to undertake the work on
a large scale, for of course the next Con
gress and White House occupant will be
heartily in sympathy with the policy of
internal improvements, and hence subse
quent appropriations can be relied upon.
Passing tiie bill over . the veto is a great
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
victory for the commerce of California,
and the whole country too, the more so
because it allirms a National policy that
will stand for many years to come. And
last, though not least, Cleveland is turned
down to stay down.
WELL DONE, ST. LOUIS.
The promptness with which the munici
pal government and the wealthier citizens
of St. Louis have set about the task of pre
viding relief for those who suffered by the
recent cyclone is one of those evidences of
American ceneiosity and American energy
of which, as a nation and as a people, we
may be justly proud.
Meeting the technicality of the law that
the revenues of the city can be expended
only for work done for the public benefit,
the Municipal Assembly of St. Louis has
voted $100,000 to be expended among the
cyclone sufferers "for such service as it is
in their power to render." To the fund
thus provided by the city itself large addi
tions have been made by generous men
and women. The eifts of these amounted
on Tuesday evening to the noble sum of
$129,000. Not all of this was given by what
are Known as capitalists. The poor vied
with the rich, the workingman with the
millionaire, in making these donations
which were to carry help where help is
most needed in the stricken city.
A feature of the relief work that deserves
special mention is the determination of a
number of capitalists to raise a fund of
$250,000 to lend to those whose homes have
been destroyed in order that they may
raise them again without borrowing money
at ruinous rates of interest. The proposal
is to lend the needed sums to home-build
ers for twelve months without interest and
after that time at low rates. While this
relief will go, of course, to those who are
comparatively well to do, it will none the
less be a most charitable and generous
work. It will enable many a family to
save the home that might otherwise be
lost, and thus remain in the class of home
owning families of which every American
city is proud.
St. Louis has issued no call for aid to her
sister cities. Her people have undertaken
to provide all the relief their neighbors
need. They have set themselves to the
task of proving their city superior to the
hard fortune that has fallen upon her and
in this way have shown that genuine
American spirit of self-help and inde
pendence. It is pleasing to note, however,
that while this spirit has been duly hon
ored everywhere it has not been left to
grapple with the calamity unaided. From
all parts of the country generous contribu
tions have been sent to the relief fund.
Chicago has been prompt to return to St.
Louis something of the help St. Louis gave
to Chicago at the time of the great tire.
Men of wealth in other cities have also
shown their sympathy by extending help,
although help was not solicited, and there
seems every assurance that all which kind
hearts and generous hands can do to over
come the disaster of the great storm will
be done without delay.
BRITISH PROTECTION.
Great Britain may be on a "free trade"
basis so far as custom-house duties are
concerned, but no nation extends as much
protection to the business of ocean trans
portatiou as she does. Maritime protec
tion is one of England's chief economic
policies, and how well it pays may be seen
in the thousands of water craft flying the
British flag.
A pretty good idea of England's protec
tion policy may be gathered from tne an
nual subsidy granted to the British Trans
atlantic steamship Jine which connects
with the eastern terminus of the Canadian
Pacific for Europe, and to the Pacific line
which connects with the western terminus
for Asia and the more important islands of
the Pacific Ocean. Four new steamships
are about ready to enter the Atlantic
trade. They are to "cost $G,000,000, or
$1,500,000 each, and will be the equal in
every way of the best of the ships now
running between New York and Europe.
But the interesting feature is that England
guarantees an annual subsidy to these four
ships equal to 20 per cent of their cost.
The American line of steamships run
ning between New York and Southampton
include four vessels costing substantially
the same us those connecting with the
Canadian Pacilic, but they receive only
$0*24, 000 a year for carrying a weekly mail,
which is about one-half the amount of the
subsidy of the Britishers. This explains
why the English merchant marine pene
trates every harbor in the world. It is
protection to English ships to reach the
same end for which we protect our indus
tries, viz.: to shut out destructive compe
tition.
Thus it will be seen free-trade England
gives about twice as much protection to
ship- building and to ships in service as the
United States/1 oes, and if England can grow
rich with such a policy, surely this coun
try should profit by the example. But
that is not all. Whenever it is possible
British subsidized vessels are required to
make an English port the destination or
initial point, so that English merchants
may get a whack, so to speak, at the busi
ness. If San Francisco had a subsidized
merchant marine sailing to and from the
trade centers of the Orient and intermedi
ate islands, how long would it be before we
had a population of 1,000,000 and a volume
of business second only to New York?
With our river 3 and harbors put in proper
trim and a well- protected ocean transpor
tation service, California would soon bean
empire in herself.
NEARING THE END.
Chairman Harrity of the Democratic
National Committee declares that Demo
crats everywhere must stand by the plat
form and nominees of the Chicago Conven
tion in any event. Senators Brice, Hill
and other leaders are saying the same
thing, but every one of them stultifies him
self when he asks the rank and lile to sup
port a silverite. The gold Democrats have
been declaring right along that no man
could be a consistent Democrat and favor
the remonetization of silver, except by in
ternational agreement, and they are right,
for free trade ai.d a single standard of re
demption money are twins, albeit they be
twin economic monstrosities.
It is conceded by the leaders of the
party that the silver wing will be in the
majority at. Chicago, and that Cleveland
and his gold standard following will be
severely rebuked for their alleged depar
ture from the faith; but it ie the silverites
and not the Clevelandites who have run
off after strange gods, and to follow them
or countenance their work would be to
give the lie to their own (the Cleveland
ites') declaration of principles. Not only
so, but the goldites are human beings,
and no self-respecting human being would
bow in humble submission to the au
thority of men who had been denouncing
him as a traitor, especially to such little
fellows as Bryan, Altgeld and Tillman.
In conceding that the silverites will con
trol the convention the goldites in effect
declare that they will not support the
ticket, Harrity, Brice and Hill to the con
trary notwithstanding. It would be a
great deal more consistent for them to
work for the most humilitating overthrow
j possible oi the «Ur«ri(«a tbaa to give tne
most indirect indorsement of the conven
tion's work. As for Cleveland himself he
could not afford to let tbe Boies or Bland
following triumph, nor will he let them.
He is either a true exponent of Democratic
principles or he is a Benedict Arnold to his
party, and rather than be branded a
traitor, which indorsement of the Chicago
platform and nominees by the peopie
would amount to, he would and should
use his influence secretly or otherwise to
make a Republican victory doubly sure.
The Democratic party is divided into
two factions and the factions have come
to the parting of the ways. In times past
there have been splits and fights, but
there would be a general wheeling into
line after the nominations had been made,
but now there is disagreement over the
fundamental principles of the party, and
one side or the other must renounce its
faith and doctrine or Jet tbe party go to
everlasting destruction. The question,
then, is, Will the Cleveland following admit
that they have been wrong all the time,
and willingly become pupils at the feet of
Bryan, Tillman and Company? Will the
Bryan - Tillman faction, while hold
ing the majority of the delegates to the
Chicago convention in its whip hand, beg
to be permitted to serve under the Cleve
land flag? -Neither side is made of that
kind of stuff. The destruction of the
Democratic party is complete and thor
ough. The better element will co over to
the Republican party, and the Bryans and
Altgelds will join h.and3 with the Popu
lists. The end of the Democratic party is
at hand.
IT STILL MOVES ON.
Say your say an 1 sing your song-
Country's movin' right alonic;
Spring or summer, hail or snow,
Country's always on the go! ;
Say your say by night an' day—
< ountry's happy on the way;
Spite o* weather, spite o' crops.
Always goln'— never stops 1
Stormy skies or weather fair.
Country's got the roadway clear;
Storms may howl and bells may chime-
Country's goin' all the time.
, —Atlanta Constitution.
PERSONAL.
Dr. D. E. Nash of San Juan is on a visit here.
J. M. Mannon of Ukiah arrived here yester
day.
T. C. Berry, a mining man of Sonoma, has
arrived here.
A. J. McfJowan, an attorney of Carson, Nev.,
is in the City.
James 11. Falconer, a business man of Seat
tle, is in town.
Charles T. Orr, a business man of St. Louis,
is at the Occidental.
l'oter Kirk, an extensive landowner of Se
attle, is at the Kuss.
W. E. Rogers, owner of the Amelie mint at
Anielie, is at the Lick.
Hiram C. Pierce, the Santa Barbara lumber
dealer, is at the Pleasauton witli liiu wife.
Among the latest arrivals at the CosmoDoH
tan Hotel is Professor Keller of Marysvillc.
C. F. McGlashan, long owner of the Truckce
P.epublican, is among the arrivals at the KoM.
A. G. Hart, a leading and wealthy resident
of Salt Lake City, is among the arrivals at the
Lick.
John D. Brophy of Cleveland and a party of
friends are among the arrivals at the Occi
dental.
J. A. Dunnett, one of the international sec
retaries of the Y. *I. C. A., is a guest at the
Ramona.
Professor D. E. Spencer of SUnford t'niver
sity, has taken rooms at the Kamona during
lifs vacation.
The Bey. Dr. Hemphill of the Calvary Pres
byterian church will leave early next week for
Kurope on a vacation trip.
O. R. French and C H. Hale, prominent
business men of Portland, Or., are registered
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Dr. J. callandreau will leave the City on the
l?th inst. for a three months' stay in Pari>
and other European cities to study interesting
cases in the hospitals.
J. B. Taketo, the J-apane.*e electrician, who
haii been making a tour of inspection through
the Eastern States, is a guest at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel. He leaves for Japan on the next
steamer.
Ez-Judjre L. E. Payson, who is practicing
law in Washington, D. C, and who has been
coming to California once or twice a year for
several years, is at the Palace. He is here in
connection with legal business.
Mrs. C. Boettcher, wife of Charles Boettcher,
formerly a pioneer of Boulder and afterward
of Leadville, but who for some years ha« been
extensively engaged in business in Denver, is
at the Occidental accompanied by her chil
dren.
Ex-President Barillas of Guatemala left here
yesterday accompanied by his family for a few
few days' stay at Monterey. When they re
turn they will occupy their residence, on Cali
fornia street, which for some weeks past has
been undergoing a rejuvenating process end
being refitted and furnished.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, X. V., June 3.— At the Imperial,
S. J. Hendy; Murray Hill, G. Kahru, G. Walters;
sailed per steamer St. Louis for Soutnampton,
Dr. Norman Bridge, Mrs. MacM. Bridge, Mrs.
Clara B. Baker, William Henry Campbell, Mrs.
Campbell, Miss Violet Campbell and maid,
Mrs. James Clark, Mrs. Clark.C. P. Dickinson,
Mrs. Dickinson, child and maid, George Grl
maux, B. M. Goodsal, Mrs. William T. Reed,
Mies Julia Reed, C. B. Thompson, Misses Wil
son, John T. Wright, Mrs. Wright, Miss Mary
Wright, Uay B. Wheeler.
ADJUSTABLE BRETELLES.
A very effective arrangement for making a
plain waist dressy is shown here. It is one of
the newest accessories, and is made with a
point in the back, and in these examples the
straps extend to the waist line only or below
as shown in the illustration.
Embroidered bands of flax-colored batißte,
with ruffles to match, make a charming trim
ming, suitable to wear with waist of silk, wool
or cotton fabrics.
White embroidery Is pretty to wear with
wash dresses. Bands of lace insertion, either
black or white, over ribbon the same width
are very pretty with any waist.
Black chiffon with applique designs or lace
braid is used, with a stay of silk or ribbon
undor the Hat band. Plain black chiffon
ruffles with a band of the same over silk and
studded with spangles is very effective for silk
or handsome wool waists.
. The short ruffle is set on a cap-shaped piec
at the shoulder, the upper one being stitched
to the bands. Uoth the V and the long back
patterns are included.
Horace Boies is said to be a very abstemious
man who never touches wnisky, beer or to
bacco. He is frugal, too, and never wears a
suit of clothes that costs more than $30. He
has a fortune of from $200,000 to $300,000,
part of which Is invested in a farm of 2500
acres. He is a man of fine physique and Is
usually in robust fcealtfe.
MUSIC &
MUSICIANS
The following is a bit of ancient history
which classical scholars are remembering in
connection with the "Hymn to Apollo," two
fragments of which have been discovered
within the lust two years at Delpho* : Socrates
has been condemned to death as a revolution
ary, the doctrines on philosophy and religion
which he hau been teaching in the gardens of
Athens before Plato and his other disciples
being at that epoch considered destructive of
all authority. The execution of his sentence
was retarded a few days to prevent it coincid
ing with the fete of Apollo, aud according to
the law criminals could not drink the fatal
hemlock till the rites were ended. Socrates
profited by the respite to compos«jn his prison
the words and music of a hymn to the god of
the day. This is explained in the Phedon, the
celebrated dialogue between the condemned
man and his disciples, attributed to Plato. In
the interview Cerbes, one of the discipies of
the Athenian philosopher, questions him
respecting his work, Socrates never having
written either verses or music before. Tne
philosopher replies that for a long time he had
been haunted by apparitions which continu
ally said, "Socrates, study music." Having
only a few hours to live he has at last decided
to obey, and Apollo being the god of the day,
whose festival has retarded his death, it is in
honor of tbe son of Jupiter that he has written
the words and music of his poem. On this
basis it is now pretended that the "Hymn
to Apollo" recently performed at Athens and
at Paris is the work of Socrates. The hypothesis
is certainly attractive. Lamertiue in his
poem on the greatest philosopher of antiquity
makes Socrates say: "Je suis nn cygne aussi,
Je meurs, je puis chanter" (I^leo am a swan,
and in dying I can sing), but Lamertine never
guessed that the people of the end of the nine
teenth century would pretend to have found
the swan's song.
At the Costanzi Theater in Rome the first
performance has just been given of a new
opera by a young composer quite unknown as
a writer for the stage, named Giacomo Setac
cioli. The work, which is called "The Sister
of Marrk," is written to a libretto by Gemma
Bellincioni, the well-known prima donna, and 1
a trial performance of it was given some
months ago at her vil'a. "The Sister of Marck"
lias made a great hit in Rome, the composer
reoelving no less than twenty recalls. The
Koman paper L'ltalie gives the following ac
count of the new composer: "When very
Gemma BciHncioni, the Prima Donna Who Discovered 9 Young Composer, and
Wrote a Libretto for llim.
[From a photograph by Bragi of Florence.]
young he obtained a diploma as a flutist and
played in an orchestra. Ho also gave concerts
with success, and for some years has held a
distinguished place as an instrumentalist,
though he never ceased to study composition
ardently. Indeed, as soon as he was assured of
his daily bread hn devoted every available mo
ment to it under the direction of De Sanctis.
He dreamed of opera, but in awaiting his
chance he wrote little songs which have be
come very popular. From the outset his songs
atttracted uttentiou. Bellincioni and the
tenor Stagno were among those who udmired
them, and having made the acquaintance of
the composer, Bnd heard more of his work,
they charged him to write an opera for them.
When a young composer uues no money, no
pufiing, no intrigue to bring himself before
th«! public, there must be real merit in him.
Artists like Ktngno and Bellincioni do not
grow enthusiastic for nothing."
"The Sister of Marck" was interpreted in
Rome by Bellincioni and Stagno, supported by
other celebrated artists.
The French tenor, Michot, who recently
died, had one of those checkered careers that
are so often iound in the history of lyric ar
tists. Born at Lyons, he began singing when
quite a youth in a low music hall, namea the
Cafe Moka. Adolph Adam was told of his tine
voice, and sending for him was so Impressed
by his organ that he engaged him for the
Theater Lyrique, where he made his debut in
1850 in "Richard Coeur de Lion." Michot
never hud any musical education, but to a de
licious voice be joined a certain natural sen
timent for music. Unfortunately his appear
ance was hopelessly vulgar and commonplace,
but in spite of this he obtained such success
that at the Grand Opera-house, Paris, Gounod
selected him to create the role of Romeo on
the first production of "Romeo and Juliet."
In IS7I he became such a rabid propagandist
for the Commune that he was imprisoned at
Versailles, and after his release was never able
to make any headway in big theaters. His
appearance at the Grand Theater, Marseilles,
gave rise to almost a riot; his voice, too, be
gan to abandon him, and he had no artistic
training to hide its increasing defects. He
was therefore forced to sing in little provin
cial theaters, and finally retired from public
view altogether. For the last few years Mi
chot was almost blind.
The German theaters, following the initiative
of the Berlin Opera-house, have been giving
grand revivals to celebrate the jubilee of
•The Armorer" (Der Waffenschmied), by Lort
zing, which was played for the first time in
Vienna the 30th of May, 1846, and which has
been ever since in the reoertoires of most of
the Gorman opera-houses. The receipts of the
jubilee performances will be given to the
daughter of the composer, who has been living
in great poverty in Vienna while her father's
works continued to etirich the German thea
ters. At the epooh^when Lortzing produced
his best works there was no law in Germany
lo protect author's works, and in Austrit the
first law of the kind was introduced in 184(5,
after the first performance of "Tlie Armorer,"
and it had no retrospective effect. Lortzing,
who died in 1851, obtained no profit from his
operas. "The Armorer," "The Czar aud (he
Carpenter" and "Undine" have all been
played for the last half century and hitherto
have not brought a cent to the composer's
poverty-stricken daughter.
When SignorFoli, the famous basso, said, in
a recent interview, published in The Call,
that San Francisco is still in the woods, mu
sically speaking, the local musiatans treated
the remark as a petulant little ebullition on
the part of a man who had been pampered by
success and who was talking on a subject on
which he was not well informed. Great was
their surprise, therefore, when an alleged
critic came heroically out and confessed that
he himself was in the woods. In a letter pub
lished in a morning contemporary this al
leged critic confesses his ignorance on mat
ters operatic with such refreshing candor
that one cannot arrive at any other con
clusion.
"I made researches," he says, "to find out
■what sort of a reputation Mr. Foli really en
joys in the musical world, because I confess
I never came across the name of this novel
detractor of ours. I then consulted some
European artists who have trodden the oper
atic stages of Europe and America lor the last
fifty years, but none recollect the name of Foli
or Folly in connection with operatic events.
We have to conclude that Mr. Foli enjoys a
rather ambiguous fame. He may nave taken
a few lessons in Milan, but he never saw the
color of an Italian operatic stage, nor the
footlights of the Vienna, Paris, Lerlin, Madrid,
St. Petersburg or Brussels theaters: therefore
he must be an unimportant oratorio singer of
unostentatious local fame."
Confession is good for the soul and the
naivete of the alleged critic's confession of ig
norance respecting a man who for a quarter 01"
a century was one of the world's greatest
operatic singers is positively delicious. It
must have required courage to come out and
Say such things under one's own signature.
Not to know a man like Foli argues a deplora
ble degree of ignorance respecting operatic
matters, but perhaps the alleged critic was
smitten with remorse for his frequent preten
sions when he read the interview in The Cali,
and determined to amend the error of his ways
by confessing publicly that he at least de
served the strictures made by the basso. In
order to enlighten the ignorance of the al
leged critic and his "European artist" friends
it may be stated that few works on contempo-
rary singers and musicians omit mention of
Foli. Even the humble song folios give hfs
biography. This is what that standard work,
Sir George Grove's musical dictionary, has to
say on the subject:
Foli, Signor, whose real name is Allen James
Foley, was born at Cahir, Tipperary, and in
early life went to America. He was taught sing
ing at Naples by the elder Bisaccia (father of
Gennaro Bisaccia, (he pianist), and in Decem
ber, IS(>2, he made his debut at Catania as El
miro in "Otello." He played successively at
Turin, Modena, Milan, and In 1864 at the
Italiens, Paris. On June 17, 1565, Signor Foli
made a successful debut at Her Majesty's as St.
Bris (Huguenots); on Juiy G, as the second
priest on the revival of "Zauberflote," and on
October 28 as the hermit in "Der Freischutz."
From that time he has sung frequently in Ital
ian and the three "patent" theaters in upwards
of 000 operas, viz., as Sarasteo, Commendatore,
Marcel, Casnar, Mephistopheles, Sparafucile,
Basilio, Arsur and Oreo (Seiniramide), Rudolfo
(Sonnambula), Bide the Bent (Lucia), Bertram
and Daland on the production of "Der Flie
gende Hollander," at Drury Lane, July 23,
1870, etc., in addition to the parts previously
named, in which his fine voice— a rich, power
ful bass of more than two octaves from E below
the lino to F— has been heard to full advantage.
Signor Foil is equally well known as an ora
torio and concert singer at all the important
festivals. He made his first appearance at the
former on April 25, 180G, in "Israel," at tbe
National Choral Society, but his success was
on February 22, 18G7, in "The Creation," at
«the sacred harmonic His new parts in this
class include Jacob, on the production of Mac
farren'a "Joseph," at the Leeds festival, Sep
tember 21, 1877, and Herod, on the produc
tion of Berlioz' "L'Enfance dv Christ," under
Halle at Manchester, December 30, 1880, and
in London, February 26, 1881. He has played
in America, at St. Petersburg, Moscow, Vienna,
etc. In Brusssls be made a conspicuous suc
cess as Casper Moses (which part he has sung
with success at the sHcred harmonic) and as
Pietro in "Masaniello."
And an alleged critic comes out and says
under his own signature, "I never heard of
Foli"— but if San Francisco has a few alleged
musicians still in the woods the City is not to
blame for that. The alleged critic's early edu
cation must have been neglected.
ALONG THE SKIRMISH LINE.
Mr. Hanna does not propose to take any risk
of punctures by running over interrogation
points.— Washington Star.
The Convention Hall at St. Lonis still stands,
but wait until Major McKinley's swirling
boom strikes it.— Chicago Record.
Now that the cyclone is over It may be in
>rder to proceed with the work of nominating
A'illiarn McKinley of Ohio.— St. Louis Star.
The cominar question in the Democratic party
is not so much whether the tail will wag the
dog as which is the dog and which the tail.
Indianapolis Journal.
Republicans are not only talking for both
silver and gold, but they are doing the dig-
Kirn: tor both metals, and they want all the
people to share in the work.-Chicago Inter
Ocean. "\ ________ - =^— '
AN ARGONAUT ANNIVERSARY.
Forty-seven Years ago To-Day the Panama
JiXF/IRED THE GOLDEN GATE.
Forty-seven years ago this m " r ° in^
the steamsuip Panama entered the Golden
Gate after her maiden voyage from >ew
York via Rio de Janeiro, Straits of Magel
lan, Valparaiso, Callao, Panama and San
Diego. She was preceded to this port by the
Caiiiornia and Oregon, the first named arriv
ing February 28 and the second April 1,
1849. These three vessels, originally built to
carry United States mails between various
ports along the Spanish main, were completed
just about the time of the discovery of gold on
the Pacific slope of the continent and owned
by Rowland and Aspinwall of New York.
Very many of the officers and passengers of
the Panama became prominent citizens oi
California uuda few enjoyed an enviable refu
tation as Senators and liepresentatives in the
halls of Congress and as officers in the army
and navy.
Of the deceased argonauts who made this
first voyage may be mentioned the names of
Senator William M. Gwin, ex-Governor and
United States Minister to China F. F. Low,
Admiral 1). D. Porter, United States Senator
and ex-Governor John B. Weller, General P. A.
Morse, Major-General Joe Hooker, Lieutenant
I'adwalltder Ringgold, Major Emory, Hall
McAllister, John V. Plume, Lafayette May
nard, John C. Morrison Jr.. ex-Mayor S. R.
Harris, Dr. J. M. Frey, Dr. H. G. Blankman,
General John A. Collins, John Bensley, Samuel
C. Gray, George Rowland, J. 11. Nevett, John
G. Ilyer, Samuel Ward. William M. BurßOVne,
W. ( English, Horace Beech, Thomas Sunder
land, Captain Bob Martin, Gideon Lee, Major-
General Kobc-rt Allen, Frederick Iken, and
many others whose names do not now occur to
the writer.
The surviving passengers now resident of
California are: Judge E. W. McKinstry, J. H.
Jewett, S. W\ Holladay, Henry B. Livingston,
Chaunuey Taylor of Oakland, W. H. V. Cro
nise and Captain G. A. Johnson of San Diego.
Mrs. Jessie Benton Fremont also came up as a
passenger from Puuama.
Tiie Panama had encountered a terrific storm
off Cape Pillar at the entrance of the Straits of
Magellan and narrowly escaped being wrecked
on the barren rocks ot Terra del Fuego.
At San Diego the Commissioners selected by
the Federal Government to run the boundary
line between California and Mexico in ac
cordance with the- treaty of Guadaloupe Hi
dalgo were landed, the members thereof being
under tiie command of John B. Weller.
Henry B. Livingston.
BELFORD CALLED TO ORDER.
Hosioii Herald.
.Ex-Congressman Belford of Colorado, who
has again attracted attention to himself by
proposing the secession of the silver States
from the Union, unless' their wishes in respect
to free ('.'linage are complied with, distin
golshed himself whe:i he was a member of
Congress ai a statesman of the fire-alarm
order. His vehemence generally overtopped
his discretion, and he earned for himseli the
kobriqoct ol tin- Ked-heudod P.ooster of the
Rockies, bu alliteration which was both
graphic and appropriate. They tell a Btory of
him which Illustrates his characteristics as an
orator. At a convention in Colorado he g«>i
the fioor and fairly shook tlie rasters with liis
fury. He was In the midst oi one of his most
fiery philippics when a delegate arose to a
point of order.
Tlie gentleman will state his point of or
der," said the presiding officer.
'•1 would llKe to inquire whether this is at
convention or a conflagration," said the dele
gate.
The Red-headed Rooster subsided.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
At the matrimonial agent's— "Do you think
wo shall suit each other?"
'■Splendidly! You possess a very fine, loud
voice, and she is terribly hard of hearing." —
Plauderecke.
"Then you didn't intend asking Marie to be
your Dridesmaid?" i.--i-:
"Xo. Jack used to be engaged to her, and
the dear boy is bo absent-minded."—
Record. " • :
Mudge— No, I shall not quarrel with Parsons.
He is completely beneath my notice.
Yabsley— You don't tell me? I didn't know
he was so good a lighter as that.— lndianapolis
Journal.
California glace fruits, 50c Ib. Townsend's.«
;■ . _.  »— » - . 1
I Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Pran •
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 310 Montgomery. '
•—• — « — •
The Chicago News says that if "Minister
Breckinridge's legs bear as close a resemblance
to baseball bats as do those of some of our
cycling friends Congress should at once re
buke him for his unwarranted revelation ol
National secrets in appearing at the Czar's
coronation in knee-breeches."
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
\ i.v Union Pacific.
nxTV 31/2 DAYS TO CHICAGO— 3Vi
u*L.Y 4V? DAYS TO NEW YORK—
Pullman doable drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, daily without
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between Salt Lake City, (Jgden and Chicago.
, Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers, San Fran
cisco to Chicago, daily without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to Sc Paul
and Chicago every Friday.
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe.
V. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
Yellowstone Park Excursion.
Watch this ad for full particulars regarding oar
great excursion to the Yellowstone. **arty leavn»
Iktp tlie I'Jth of July. Weekly excursions in np
holsterpd tourist cars No change. Lowpsc rateo
to all points Bast 1". K. stateler, aijent Northern
Pacific r.uilrnail. 638 Market street, f?an Francisco.
Co cohs and colds are dangerous intruders. EA
pel them with Pakkeh's Gingkr Toxic.
I'abkkks Hair Balsam aids the hair growth.
Ladies take Dr. Siegen's Angostura BittPrs gen
erally when tlioy feel low spirited. It brightens
them up immediately.
It is stated that Richard Holt Hutton, who
has long been one ot the editors of the Spec
tator, is about to retire from that position and
that he will bo shcoeeded by St. I.oe Strachey.
NEW TODAY.
dlib trlVuS 11166I 1 166
Beautiful articles richly decorated.
Also white porcelain and china ware.
3 cups and saucers,' 3 plates,
1 vegetable dish; 1 salad bowl,
1 bowl, 1 meat dish, 1 honey dish,
Custards, mustard pots, cream pitchers,
3 table tumblers, butter dish,
Susar bowl, berry dish, rose bowls,
Celery and olive dishes, knives,
Forks and spoons, 6 berry dishes and "
A large lot of other useful dishes.
YOUR CHOICE FREE
With Each Pound.
5O C TEAS, any kind.
Colima Pure Spices,
Colima Baking Powder,
Great Importing: Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 4 6 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. 318 Third st.
140 Sixth st. - 3008 Fillmore tt.
617 Kearoy st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth it.
531 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st. 3 59 Mission st.
53 Market st. (Headquarter*); S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St.
i3i San Hfrblo aye. 017 Broadway, Oakland
135S Park St., Alamcda .
£ ' "Now/Stop and Consider '
Mhi F , cr one mome "t-" 'We are takinc no
JBh fhaiices. we can't afford to. there's not
* VST en . ougt l ln Ul ° business; but wo Kuaramee
Kj every HkboulksOas and Oasoli.vk En?
■D "ink, because w«* know it is sale. Send for
H Catalogue and Price List to -
J\ Amer in?H,\? r P c Pounders' Co.
. 405-JO7 Siuisome Street,
San Francisco, Cal.TIICfISDAY JUNE 4, 1896
lAMUSt-MENTS.
''i"" v "vt i ik.— •"■The Honeymoon" and
Belle's Stratagem."
< (HCMBIA 1 ii'atkk- "The Two KscutcheonO
yoßOßco's crKKA-HonsK— < The Soudan."
Tivoli Opvka-Botjsr.- Olivette.'
• PU— Hieh-Class Vaudeville,
l he KxMRr.-M.- Concert to-night by the Em-
>rium Orchestra.
nT CTB ° (tony Island- Bathing and Perform-
tvecs.
shoot thr iHrTKR— Daily at Halght street, one
I lock .a-: of the Park.
• Pacific Coast Jockey Club.— Races today.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Kxccrsion— To Sonoma Valley, Sunday, June 7
Kxcursiox and Picnic— sunset Park, Santa
* ruz mountains, Saturday, June 6.
Excursion to the Saxta Cbuz Mountains—
Thursday, June 4.
AUCTION SALhS.
By J. C. Muthkr— This day (Thursday), Furni-
ture, at 338 Golden Gate avenue, at 11 o'clock.
By S. 15asch— This day .Thursday*. Furniture,
etc., at 319-S2l gutter street, at 10:30 o'clock.
By Frank \V. Ki'ttekhi:i.i> — This day
(1 hursday), Furniture, at 209 Turk street, at 11
o'clock.
By Gko. F. Lamson— Friday. June 5, Furniture,
at 1424 California street, at 11 o'clock.
3 v G. 11. Ujjbsks; A Co.— Monday, June 8,
. Teal Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock noon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Twentieth-street branch of the Y. M. C.
A. will be reopened.
"Partly cloudy, brisk to high winds in the
afternoon," is the forecast for to-day.
Further stay of ten days has been granted
Theodore Durrant to prepare his bill of excep
tions.
The Thirty-fiftb Assembly District Republi
can Club has a membership of 820 resident
voters.
Mrs. Katherine Parrish gave a birthday party
yesterday to six of the oldest lady spiritualists
in the City.
Howard 8, Cabrillo, Major Cook, Huntsman,
T'-.'n Gara, Morven and Mies Gentry won races
at Ingleside yesterday.
Target practice with rifled cannon on Alca
traz yesterday showed surprising accuracy in
hitting a small object at long range.
Frank Sullivan has lost his suit for $25,000
damages against the railroad, the jury having
brought in a verdict for the defendant.
An interesting legal point has been brought
up in the Hogan vs. Burns suit, which may re
sult in the former receiving $60,000 for $200.
Through the efforts of Manager J. A. Fill
more the Soutnern Paciric has issued an order
granting amnesty to the strikers of two years
ago.
In consequence of a partial failure of the
Georgia peach crop California orchardists may
expect good returns for their produce this
year.
Active preparations are in progress for the
Golden Gate Carnival of next fall. Already
■.'. elaborate programmes have been sub
mitted.
Appraiser Levy gave some expert testimony
yesterday in Judge Campbell's court in regard
to the value oi Judge Wallace's household
furniture.
John Harvey, 22 years of age, a beggar, was
• d last night for threatening to kill J. R.
] bin, a contractor, because he refused to give
him alms.
Governor Budd has ordered the Bank Com
aers to call for a special report showing
mdition of all the banks of the state on
March 2, 1896.
nkander, a Japanese cook, was shot in
ift breast last nignt at 606 Pin* street by
J. Takakori, whu accused him of alienating
his wife's affections.
The proposed revival of the former compact
en local insurance companies has no: ye:
:fi?c:ed, though friends of the movement
Eeem hopeful of success.
The local American Railway Union say that
the Southern Pacific Company's amnesty comes
at a very late day ; in fact, too late to be appre
ciated aa evidently intended.
The State Board of Trade will soon make
efforts to induce .Eastern colonists, who are j
hunting for homes and cheap lands in I
hero state:-, to come to California.
The coming Fourth of July celebration
sea to be one ol the grandest ever given
• rancisco. The Committee of One Hun
dred and Fifty are preparing actively for the
■
£x-"Cupid" W. E. Haley was wedded to Miss
Helen Tnornton, the youngest daughter of
Henry Thornton, yesterday afternoou at St.
Brigidi's Church, the Rev. Father Cottle offi
ciating.
- . Craig, president ol the Chamber of
a rce. has wired an expression of his
on the Democratic party and the silver
question in answer to a question from the New
York World.
Josef Blauther, the escaped murderer of
Mrs, Philopena Langfeldt, informs the detec
tives of his whereabouts and promises to come
here and stand trial providing he is not placed
under arrest.
The San Francisco Associated Improvement
Clubs met last night and petitioned the Board
of Supervisors to refuse to issue a new fran
chise to the Geary-street, Park and Ocean Rail
ruad Company.
The probability of t>ome of the metuberß of
the Police Department eligible for retirement
on the pension list being asked to send in their
resignations at the next quarterly meeting is
being discussed.
The lecture on gold mining, at Union-square
Hall last night, was well attended. The audi
ence seemed much interested in the stereopti
con views of lode veins and ledges as found in
the Bierra Mountains.
Secretary Willcutt of the Market-street Rail
way Company was rined $500 and ordered im
prisoned in the County Jail for five days for
mpt for having refnsed to bring the books
of that corporation into court.
The Grand Circle of California, Companions
of the Forest, held its ninth annual Bession
jesterday. Committees were appointed for
the enßtiing year, and Important amendments
to the constitution were adopted.
Mrs. Caroline Towne, executrix of the estate
of A. K. Towne, has tiled her first and final ac
fehe sayi she recc-iveii a totai of $86,
-126 66 aud has expended .f45, 154 66, having
now on hand a balance of $2u,9<4.
Judge Conlan yesterday dismissed the charge
of b;ittery against Fred Wagner, contractor,
preferred by W. H. Brewster. conductor of a
t.asiro-street car, without hearing any testi
mony, and censured the cable company.
Robert Barnett, formerly chief clerk of the
Hint, has forwarded to Washington an affi
davit in which he charges Superintendent
Daggett with having dismissed him in order to
compei him to sell some stock he held in Dag
geit's bonora mine.
George E. White has been found guilty of
contempt of court once more, this time, as
usual, lor concealing his property and refusing
to pay it over to bis wife. He was sentenced
to pay a fine of $500 or go to jail, and he was
given until Monday to pay it.
A jury in Judge Bahrs' ourt has- acquitted
Charles Girckin of the charge of manslaughter
for the kiiiing of .John Buckley on March 15
'lireicin struck Buckley, who, in falling
from the blow, hit his head on the curb and
died from the effects oi the blow.
Judge Seawell has annulled the decree of
divorce- recently granted to Sarah Herzog, be
cnuse th" divorce was granted on account of
the supposed non-payment of the alimony
ordered by the court. Herzog showed receipts
for the alimony, however, so the decree was
set aside.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
bas reduced its bonded indebtedness by
$150,000. There was outstanding ii bond issue
■'MJiio »iid a new issue of $750,000 has
reated to redeem it. The ba>auce, $150,
-<"i<i, will be redeemed from the income of the
i ujpa-ny.
At the meeting of the Railroad Commis
sioners. yesterday a communication, was re
ceived calling attention to an alleged discrimi
nation of the Southern Pacific Company in
charging 10 cents tot fare between San Fran
cisco and Broadway, Oakland, and the Attor
ney-General was asked to institute proceed
ings to test the matter of the commission's
jurisdiction over street railroads.
found iJead in Him Wagon.
Peter Brickley, aged 65, a peddler by occu
i>u r .iou, was found dead in his wagon on
Mission road, between Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth streets, by Sergeant Balnsted
yesterday morning. The officer noticed Brick
•lcv'b horse browning along the road, the driver
being apparently asleep. He called several
times, but receiving no answer, walked over
Ho- the wagon, intending to shake the silent
■figure. Hardly hud he touched the body, how-
vc-r, when the truth dawned upon him.
JJrickley owns considerable property on
Cheribufcco street and i.'ortland avenue and
has been & familiar figure on the streets of
San Francisco for more than twenty years.
CUT RATES WILL
NOT FOLLOW,
A New Steamer Being Built
for the Humboldt
Route.
EUREKA IS INTERESTED
Two Years Ago the Old Steamer
Was Wrecked in a Gale
Near Point Gorda.
WILL BE REPLACED IN OCTOBER
The Monticelo Laid Up for Repairs,
Her Place Taken by the Tug
Vigilant.
A new steamer for use in the Eureka
trade is now in the course of construction.
She will cost in the neighborhood of
$130,000, and when completed will be one
of the handsomest steamers trading to
this port. She will be 210 feet long and 36
feet broad, and her owners expect her to
make at least fifteen miles an hour under
full steam.
On September 28, 1894, the steamer
Humboldt became a total loss near Point
Gorda, and the new boat is to take her
place. The Humboldt went on the rocks,
and while all the passengers were saved
the vessel went to pieces before the tugs
came to her assistance. At the time an
amicable arrangement was arrived at be
tween the Humboldt Steamship Company
and the Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
The latter agreed to run two boats a week
instead of one and has done so ever since.
The building of the new boat, therefore i
does not mean a rate war, as the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company will simply
take its usual run and the Humboldt con
cern will pick up its old trade.
The hull of the new vessel is being built
by H. D. Bendixsen at Eureka, and the
engines and boilers at the Fulton Iron
Works. Everything is beinc rushed, and
it is expecte.i that the new vessel wifl be
ready for sea about the middle of October.
Richard Sweasey. the millionaire lumber
man of Humboidt County, is the presidt-nt
of the Humpoldt Steamsnip Company,
and Max Kalish & Co. are the general
agents. The new vessel has not yet been
named.
The steamer Monticello has been laid up
for a general overnauling. The general
inspection of her boilers and engines takes
piace to-niorrow, and in consequence the
tug Vigilant has been placed on the Vallejo
run. Captain Hatch says he is determined
to fight the Southern Pacific to the bitter
end, and, although he will lose money on
the hiring of a tug to till his steamer's
place, he would sooner pay the extra
money than disappoint the traveling
public.
The steamer Pomona sailed for Eureka
yesterday with a full passenger list.
Among the passengers was ex-Surveyor-
General W. H. Pratt, who has gone to
Humboldt County on a business trip.
Quite a host of his friends were down to
Boardway wharf t > see him off.
The British bark Alexandra, which ar
rived here last March with her cargo on
fire, is on the drydock. She will receive a
thorough overhauling and will leave the
hands of the ship-carpenters as good as a
new vessel. From the drydock sue will go
to Fremont-street wharf and will there
await a cnarter.
The steamer Bertha will sail for the
Yukon River to-morrow. Among the
passengers will be the Rev. Henry A.
Naylor of Montreal and Frederick F.
Fieweiling of St. John, N. B. Naylor is
accompanied by his bride, and all three
wiil do missionary work among the In
dians of the far north.
When the steam schooner Albion sailed
from Mission-street wharf last April with
115 passengers for the Alaskan cold fields
aboard there were many who said she
would never reach her destination. Last
Tuesday she returned to San Francisco,
and Captain Lundquist showed the fol
lowing to his friends:
To Captain C. G- Lundquist of the Steamer Al
bion, Officers and Crete: We, the undersigned
passengers of your vessel, that sailed from San
Francisco April 20, 1896, for Tu<-nagftin Arm,
Alaska, wisn by this means to testify to our
high appreciation of the kindly and courteous
treatment received by us-, at your hands, not
only as officer of the ship, but as hosts and
friends.
w ■■ aiso wish to state that your skill in hand
ling your vessel was an assurance to us from
the outset that we were in perfect safety, not
withstanding the aiarmlng statements that
were made by the dai^y press of .San Fr»ncisco
to the effect that we were even risking our
m taking passage on your ship. She has
proved herseli -^aie and stanch, and at no time
here any tear of disa.-ter, although the
weather was stormy and the wind adverse.
This testimonial was signed by eizhty
five of the passengers.
Captain Lundquist is one of the most ex
perienced and popular masters on the water
iront, and he was the only skipper who
landed his passengers at Six-mile Creek,
their destination.
STILL HANGING FIRE
The Proposed Insurance Com
pact Has Not Yet Been
Effected.
Friends of the Comb nation Are Loth
to Speak, but Serm Sanguine
of Success.
There seems to be hope of a re-establish
ment of the compact among local insur
ance agencies, and representatives of the
various large companies, while very close
mouthei, are commencing to look cheer
ful in anticipation of coming success.
A largely attended meeting of the Union
of Fire Insurance Underwriters was held
yesterday morning at which representa
tives of all the larger companies were pres
ent excepting Watt of the Royal, Belden
of the Hartford, Maxwell of the Conti
nental, Turner of the Northwestern and
Potter of live Will iamsburg.
Thus far, despite all reports to the con
trary, no definite course of action has been
decided upon . Hugh Craig, who is one of
the moving spirits in the present agitation
for the revival of the compact, when
spoken to yesterday on the matter, said :
"Our plans are not sufficiently matured
yet for us to be justified in making them
public. It may be that ail our efforts are
destined to come to naught. At to-mor
row's mi-eting we hope to eet affairs into
working order and dfc<<ie upon some de
fined pian of action. But for trie present
all is conjectural, and it would be prema
ture to make any statement until we our
selves know what to state. It would not,
However, be out of place to say that we are
doing our best to bring about a better state
of things for the insurance business."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
The New Steamer Now Being Built for the Uumboldt Steamship Company to Run Between Here and
Eureka, Humboldt County.
[Sketched from the plans of the supervising engineer by a "Call' 1 artist.]
IN QUEST OF
IMPROVEMENTS,
Meeting of the Associated
Organizations of
Progress.
WHAT THIS CITY NEEDS.
The New Franchise of the Geary-
Street Road Will Be
Opposed.
MONEY FOE ELECIHIC LIGHTS.
Stanyan and Oak Streets, Near Golden
Gate Park, Shou d Be Re
paired at Once.
The San Francisco Associated Improve
ment Clubs met in the B'nai B'rith build
ing last evenin /, and considered a number
of matters of the utmost importance to the
tax-paying citizens of this City. James
D. Phelan assumed the chair, and in a
few fitting remarks outlined the objects
and policy of the organization.
Thi're were present delegates from
twenty local improvement clubs, and the
first business of the meeting was to admit
to membership the Ocean View organiza
tion.
The following committees were then an»
pointed by the chair:
Street railways— Dr. Thomas E. Shumate of
Western Addition Association; S. J. Dwyer,
New Potrero; Charles W. Cuanman, Sunset;
'.••(irKf Magooaia, Richmond District; F. E.
Mtt'Kiiey, w< It ol i'a-tro.
streeth and parks— G. S. Centree, Folsom No.
1: W. M. Metzner, Minion Uniou; Luke
Battle*, Point Lot.os; \V. \V. Reinall, Market
street; John Rafferty, Kolsnm No. 4.
Law k-Kislntiou and public action— F. W.
Van Reynegom, A. P. Van Duzer.. Mission
Defense Union; Leon Samuels, Folsom No. 3;
'irnrKv A. Ka.iken, Ashbury Heights; Dr.
Salfk-ld, Panhandle.
Public utilities— F. G. Hewston, Southside;
Dnniel Hughes, Ocean View; G. A. Raabe,
Folsom No. 1; J, J. Barrett, Snnnyside; Joseph
.Sheerer, Sanchez street.
Public works, buildings and institutions—
Dr. T. A. Rottanzi, Southside; John H. Grady,
Minion High School; Charles Ellis, Park Hill;
F. \V. McEwen, Folsom No. 2; A. G. Lillie,
Holly Park.
Under the head of new business a number
of resolutions were introduced. The lirst
was presented by the delegates from the
Richmond District Improvement Associ
ation.
It was a protest against the rattler test
ordinance and was referred to the commit
tee on streets and parks. A resolution by
the ParK Hill Improvement Club asking
for an appropriation of $70,000 for the im
provement of Buena Vi-tsi Park was re
ierre.i to the same committee. A resolu
tion regarding the Mission park met a like
fate.
When it came to the matter of opposing
the granting of a new franchise to the
Geary-street, Park nnd Ocean Baiiroad the
club was a unit. The following resolution
was read and referred to the committee on
street railroads, with instructions that the
committee appear before the Board of
Supervisors to-day and plead against the
granting of the new franchise:
To the Board oj Supervisors n/ the City and
County of Han Francisco — Gentlemen : Your
petitioners, ownine property aud valuable in
terests in the district lying north of Golden
Gate Piirk, have learned thai the Genry-street,
Park and Ocean Railway Company, uwiiii» a
franchise for the construction and operation
of a street railroad, to wit:
Commencing at the west line of Market
street at its intersection with Geary, thence
along Geary street and Point Lobos avenue
westerly to Fifth avenue, thence along Fifth
avenue to Golden Gate Park.
Did, in the month of May last, present a pe
tition in which they respectfully ask your
honorable board to extend the |term of
said franchise under which they are now oper
ating; to wit, order 14t»9 of 1878 ; line extended
by order 1515 of 1879; line extended by order
2i90 of 1890, from November 6, 1903, when
the present franchise expires, to November 6,
1953.
We call the attention of your honorable
board to the fact that the said franchise still has
seven clear years of life before it; that it is be
ine operated under extremely favorable condi
tions^ no portion of their gross receipts being
piiid into the treasury of the City ana Coun'.v.
We noie that all franchises granted since 1889
have been on condition that 2 per cent of the
gross receipts be paid into tne^City treasury.
A so, that "h recent law passed by the State
Legislature requires ail franchises to be sold
to tne highest bidder. We note the sale of a
franchise along Clement street and Point
Lobos avenue, which was thus disposed of for
the sum of $6010, which was duly paid into
the City treasury.
Your honorable board is fullyaware that the
transter system now in operation in this City
is cuusing very Keneral uneasiness and alarm
in the mind* of the citizen^ of this City. We
learn Continually of tnese privileges being cur
tailed and vexatious conditions being at
tached thereto, so that it is expected within a
short time that these privileges will be stopped
altogether.
Your petitioners live so far from the business
portion of the City that tne street railroads
are almost a necessary condition of our exist
ence. Thus, by adverse action they can almost
cause the ruin of the large property interests
wnich are at stake and destroy their taxable
values, which would cripple the resources of
our City (,'overiiment.
We therefore pray you to put these large cor
poration interests on tneir good behavior for
the next sevei' years. The City authorities
would then have a perfect right to ofter th is
iranchise to the highest bidder, subject to a
share in the gross receipts and under such con
ditions that the rights granted to the citizens
by an "act of the Legislature fixing rates o.
fare," approved January 1, 1878, waa eubj^c;
to no uncertain meaning. '
Section 1 reads as follows:
"No street railroad in any city or town of
this State, with more than 100,000 inhabi
tants, shall be allowed to charge more than 5
cents each passsenser per trip of any distance
iv one direction, either going or coming along
any part of the whole length of the road or its
connections.
We are assured that the City will not be a
loser in nny manner by deferring action upon
this fra.ienise, but on the contrary it can be
demonstrated that the City treasury will be a
very large gainer by so doing. Gentlemen.be
I just to the clt izens and taxpayers before beiiig
| extravagantly generous to a rich corporation.
The Public Works and Buildings Com
! mittte was instructed to urge the Board of
i Regents of the State University to estab
j lish the Wiiruerdine School in San Fran
cisco.
A resolution asking for the improvement
of Oak and Stanyan streets was adopted
and referred, as was one asking that the
lark Commissioners be allowed but $15,
-000 for lighting Golden Gate Park with
electricity.
Ttie Board of Supervisors was petitioned
to act in the matter of removing the Pest
house.
A committee of five, consisting of
Messrs, McEwen, Dwyer, Grady, Centre
and Young were appointed to inquire into
trie matter of the coming tax levy, to re
port with a view of reduced expenses in
that line.
The matter of reducing streetcar fare
was laid over for discussion at tl c ne~t
nieetme, which takes place at Native Sons'
Hall on" July 1.
HUGH CRAIG ON SILVER
He Gives the New York World an Ex-
pression of Hi* Views on
the Issue.
Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber
of Commerce, received a telegram yester
| day fioin the New York World asking for
i an expression of his views on the silver
| question and its relations to the Demo
! cratic party. He wired the following
• characteristic reply:
California is the one State free from finan
! cial heresy. Her people use the money of the
constitution of (be United States, viz.: gold and
silver only, interchangeable at 16 to 1. My
; observation le<uls me to believe the free coin
' ago of silver does not gain ground in Sun Fran
, Cisco.
Never ran with Democratic party. Indiffer
| ent as to what effect adoption of free-silver
! plank may have upon it. I feel about that
; party as the old Scotch lady did about adopt
ing Calvinism: "You'll be damned if you do,
i and you'll be damned if you don't."
Hn;u Craig,
President San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce.
CHORALS AND PAGEANTS.
Two Elaborate Programmes Sub
mitted for Golden Gate
Carnival.
San Francisco Is Preparing to Triumph
Over All Her Smaller
Sister Cities.
A special meeting of the committee to
suggest a programme for Golden Gate
Carnival met yesterday afternoon. There
were present General Warlipld, W. H.
Mills, M. H. de Young, William Greer
Harrison, R. P. Doolan, F. A. Haber, S. H.
Stacy, Raphael Weill, H. J. Crocker and
S. W. Backus. M. H. de Young presided
A motion was made by William Greer I
Harrison that the finance committee be ■
authorized to purchase the floats used at '
the Los Angeles Carnival at once. Mr. ;
Doolaa submitted a programme for the
' carnival, the different features of which |
would occupy a week's time. It consisted j
' of sham battles, military parades, grand
illumination of buildings and grand
chorals.
This programme was fully discussed.
j Mr. Mills thought that the California day
; idea was a good one, and should be made
; permanent.
Mr. Tacy, representing the Manufactur-
I ers' and Producers' Association, suggested
' that the da en upon which it was sug-
I gested to hold tne carnival should be
| changed, as on that date he thought the
| Mechanics' Pavilion would not be avail
able.
F. A. Haber submitted a programme
j also ingeniously and elaborately worked
I out as to detail. He outlined grand naval
pageants, monster vocal and instrumental
j concerts and processions of floats repre
senting California's industrial and manu
facturing resources.
A number of plans for the water carni
val, which will form part of the week of
! festivities oi the carnival of the Golden
! Gate in October, have been submitted to
' the executive committee for consideration.
It is planned to hold a parade of all the
schoolchildren, on Van Ness avenue, and
accommodations will be provided on that j
street for 100,000 onlookers.
Colonel James F. Smith, chairman of
| the committee on military parade, has
called a meeting of the committee at head
quarters Saturday afternoon, at 2 o'clock.
Chairman R. P. Doolan of the special
: committee to arrange a programme for
j carnival week has issued a call for the
I meeting of that commit; '.'c at headquarters,
! room 13, second floor of the Mills building,
iat 8 o'clock on Friday evening. Raphael
J Weili and Henry J. Crocker have been
'■ added to the committee by President War
! field.
A Painter's la I.
Henry Peteriet, a painter living at 454 Te
hama street, fell from the porch of a building
j on Filbert street, between Taylor and Mason,
j yesterday morning a distance of about twenty
i five feet. His right arm was broken and badly
! crushed, und he aiso received internal in
; juries. He wag taken to the Receiving Hos
i pital.
Objects to Items,
The Fletcher Ryer Company has filed ob
jection to about #25.000 in various items in
cluded in the report of the executors of Wash
ington B. Ryer's will. Among the items are
two allowances of $f>,500 to Mrs. Ina Rver aud
two allow: uces of $5,000 in fees to Garber,
Bishop & Boalt.
POLICE ELIGIBLE
TO BE PENSIONED.
Probable Action of the
Commissioners Dis
cussed.
ELEVEN ON THE LIST.
The Next Quarterly Meeting Will
Be Held on the First Mon
day in July.
SPECULATION IS AGAIN RIFE.
The Recommendations of Captain Witt
man on His Return Expected to
Have Some Effect.
The next quarterly meeting of the Board
of Police Pension Commissioners, which
will be held on the first Monday of July,
is being looked forward to with alarm by
some and with interest by other members
of the department.
The reason is that at the same meeting
last year Captains Douglass, Short and
Stone, Sergeant Cohrn and three patrol
men were requested to send in their resig
nations preparatory to being placed on
the pension list.
It was at that time announced that only
a few of those who by their age and length
of service were entitled to be placed on the
list had been retired, as it would not be
conducive to the best interests of the de
partment to insist upon a wholesale re
tirement. The policy would be to retire
the others at different periods until the
lisi was completed.
Another reason given was that so long
as the men were capable of performing
their duties it would be impolitic io bur
den the City with the extra expense of
paying their pensions, as other men would
have to be appointed to fill the vacancies.
Notwithstanding these reasons there is a
growing feeling among the rank and file of
the department that some of those eligible
for retirement on pension will be requested
to send in their resignations, and the ques
tion is discussed as to who will go out.
Amone those eligible are Captains Lees
and Dun levy. Property Clerk Cullen, Ser
geants Linuheinier, Shields, Brown, Cor
nelius Martin and Hotaling, Detectives
Bohen and Bainbridge ana Policeman
Morehouse.
Property Clerk Cullen has been sick for
some time, and it is doubtful if he will ever
be able to asain perform ihe onerous
duties of his office. It is therefore believed
that he will be placed on the list, probably
at his own request. .
Captain Wiitman will return soon from
his three months' tour throughout the
country, and as he was to pay particular
attention to the systems in vogue in tne
police departments of the leading cities, he
may be expected to recommend some
changes. His leave of absence expires on
July 3, so that he will be liere a few days
before tne quarterly meeting of the pen
sion boara.
Whether his recommendations will have
any effect upon the placing of the old offi
cers upon the pension list is, of course,
only a matter of conjecture, but it is
shrewdly suspected that they will.
v NEW TO-DAY-DRY GOODS.
Shirt
Waists
We've everything in Shirt Waists
except the poor ones. Selections
were carefully made, and all are guar-
anteed perfect-fitting and properly
laundered. Every waist, no matter
what the price, has to corns up to our
standard of quality — only the price is
reduced.
At 50c.
Pretty Percales, all fast colors, good prints;
yoke back, draw aring at waist; collars cor-
rectly made; perfect fitting.
At $1.00.
Best French Percales, French Cambric and
Shirtings; very large Hisuop sleeves. \ll the
new aud desirable colorings mstrii es, dots and
figures— a most complete assortment.
At $150.
Dainty Dimities. French lawns, French Cam-
brics;' all the new colors and effects; matched
yoke hack, ati ached or detached collars; cuffs
for links or plain buttons.
At $2 25.
Grasi Linen. A waist appropriate to Informal
oocas.ons and afteruoon wear. Eleg.mce and
inmfort combined. White detached collars;
white link cuffs
Also, Waists at 40c, 75c, 90c, «1 75, $2 00, etc.
Everything new aud desirable.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS
& FRO MAN,
107-109 POST BTHJ3ET
AND
1220-1224 IVX.A.JFIHIET S l X I XI.Z3X3 a X l .
GRIND CIRCLE OF
WOMEN FORESTERS
Many Delegates Assemble
in Local Head
quarters.
A FAVORABLE REPORT.
The Grand Circle Is Increasing
in Membership and
Finances.
WORK ON THE AMENDMENTS.
Members Stricken From the Roll
May in the Future Be Per
mitted to Rejoin.
The Grand Circle of California Com
panions of the Forest held its ninth an
nual session yesterday. This order com
prises the ladies' branch of the Foresters
of America.
The committee on credentials recom
mended the seating of six past grand
companions, twelve grand officers and
sixty delegates. This was adopted. The
mornine session was devoted to receiving
reports from the committees on creden
tials, to receiving delegates and to the
appointment of committees. The follow
ing committees were appointed for the
ensuing year:
Credentials— Mrs. L. Grosjean, San .Pedro;
Miss M. White, Los Angeles, and Mrs. T.
Muegtre, Woodland.
Distribution— Miss M. V. Marshall, Watson
ville; Mrs. A. Harrison. San Francisco, and
Mrs. L. Over, San Francisco.
rLaw— l.W. Coburn, Mrs. H. Worms and Mrs. B.
Hlntze, all of San Francisno.
S. L. Waller, City; Mrs. Stephen
sou, Stockton, and Miss M. Mentel, Alameda.
Press— H. Kohn, City; M. Lewis, Oakland,
and Mrs. Goldman, City.
State of Leona — George Mendler, San Jose;
Mrs. M. Gibson, City, and Mrs. M. Connell,
City.
Acts and decisions— Mrs. A. Coleman, Santa
Barbara; Mrs. E. T. N. Steinweg, City, and
Mrs. K. Bolian, <'ity.
Honored dead— Mrs. R. Prieber, City; Miss
F. Kowalsky, Oakland, and Mrs. F. Hoppock,
Fresno.
In the afternoon the circle assembled at
1 o'clock with Mrs. A. B. Andrew sin the
chair. A communication of greeting and
good will was read from the supreme chief
companion, Mrs. S. Storey of Philadel
phia.
The representatives elected to attend the
session of the Supreme Circle held in Bos
ton last September, consisting of Sol Pei
ser and S. L. Waller of this City, Lewis
More of Los Angeles and C. P. Rendon of
Stockton presented a lengthy report as to
the general condition of the order, show
ing quite an increase both in membership
and finances.
An invitation was read from Yuba Circle
oi" Marysville inviting the Grand Circle to
hold Us session of 1897 in that city.
The committee presented Ua report on
thirty-six of the proposed amendments,
many of the same being recommended
for adoption. Amone the amendments
finally adopted was one requiring that all
bonds in the Grand Circle be procured
from surety companies, and same made
payable to the grand chief companion.
A proposition to have the meeting of the
Grand Circle held permanently in San
Francisco was defeated. Reports of depu
ties must in the future be sent thirty days
prior to the session to the grand chief
companion.
Druggists must in future be members of
the order whenever practicable. Members
stricken from the roll will in future be
permitted to rejoin the order as new mem
bers, provided that the saia members have
been so stricken from the rolls for & year.
Members becoming reinstated will not be
entitled to any benefits for the first three
months after reinstatement, and only to
medicine and medical attendance.
The matter of charging tne per capita
tax to the individual members was re
pealed and left optional with the circle.
ELECTRICITY NOT GAS.
Folgom Street ItnDrovement Clnb Asks
for Electric Lights.
The Folsom Street Improvement Club
has appointed a committee consisting of
A. B. McGuire, T. L. Center, Dr. T. A.
Rottanzi, J. J. McEwen and Captain
George A. Raabe to interview the street
lighting committee to persuade them to
replace the present gas light on Folsom
street with electric lamps between Third
and Fourteenth streets.
The committee propose to ask for three
lamps on ;i nlock, one in the center and
one on each end. The cost of these three
replacing live gas lamps the committee
estimate to be less. Hence they argue
electric lights will not only be better, but
also more economical.
Dr. Henry's Final Lectures.
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry, D.D., will lecture at
Metropolitan Temple to-night and to-morrow
night, at Oakland on Saturday night, and bis
final lecture here will be delivered in Metro
politan Temple next Sunday afternoon.
Silk
Talk
T
The Dress Silk counter is very at-
tractive this week. Our Alteration
Sale means reduced prices on every
thin^, but in silks it is especially
marked. If you've waited— hesitated
to buy because the coAt was too
much ( come this week.
All Silks are m irked down; two
samples wM show the reduction
made in the entire Silk Department.
WARP PRINTED SILKS, all the new
pattf-ma, colorlnas and pretty effects.
j Brocades Rod Taffeta Warp Prints. Keg-
[ ular $1 50 and $1 25 values.
SALE PRICE $1.00
BLACK BHOCADKD GROS- GRAIN
DREsS SILKS, in new designs, large and
small patterns; nrunt, pure silk, the
$1 50 and $1 25 qualities.
SALE PRICE SI.OO
HEW : TO-PAT- AMUSEMENTS.
LAST a^IGHTS!
I.ast Matinee Saturday.
FAKE WELL WJSEK
MISS ADA REHAN,
Under the Management of Mr. An?usiin Daly.
A GREAT REPERTOIRE:
TO-NIGHT-Grsat Double BUI—
"THE HONEYMOON" and BELLE'S
STBATAGEil >> -Mis 3 Rehan in 2 Roles.
Friday evg., Saturday matinee and Saturday eve.,
Miss Rehan's farewell— Shakespeare's
.Merriest Comedy,
"TAMING OF THE SHREW."
NEXT WEEK. 'MONDAY, JUNE 8,
Appearance fora limited engagement only, of the
distinguished comedian,
KX-A-I 1 O. aOODWITJ
•' And his company, presenting
.** IN MIZZOURA."——
By Augustus Thomas, Esq. (Author of "Alabama.)
A Gennine Comedy- Drama— Bricht, breezy,
brilliant.
Seats Ready To-Day.
' TV i' _ «»' ■ £ 'i **
■rWCDLAlDl:il6OrrLODft_2j_tiiMAnoriArtA4tß>-"
COME THE
SEE LINE
THAT NIGHTLY BLOCKS THE STREET
Everybody wants and everybody will see
THE SUPERB
FRAWLE_Y_^ppMPANY
"THE TWOTSCUTCHEONS."
TO-DAY
The sale of seats commences for the next great
comedy,
'•BROTHER iTOBCIXr'"
Which will be presented on
MONDAY N XT, JUNE 8. ;
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
lisa. i.E.\nan.VK Kbeliko, Proprietor &Mau&gac
EVERY EVENING.
THE SUCCESS OF TWO CONTINENTS!
Audran's Favorite Opera Comique, .
OIjIVETTB!
EVERY NUfIBER DOUBLY ENCORED.
NEXT OPERA
Delllngers Romantic Work,
"jjOrhaikje :"
'» irsi Appearances of
Miss Mabis Miliai.d and Miss Louise Rotcb,
LOOK OUT FOR
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON I"
Popular Prices— 2sc and 500.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTiiK JIOKOSCO, Sole Lessee and Manage:
THIS EVKNINU \T ETOHT.
MATCHLESS SPECTACULAR PRODUCTION
of t lie Great Military Melodrama,
"THE SOUDAN!"
Reappearance, After an Absence of Six Month*,
or the Popular Favorite,
L.KSLIE HOBOBCO.
Evvsrsn I'Biru- 250 ami 500.
family Circle and Call err. 10a
Cnual Matinees Saturday ana Sunrlf»f.
O'Farrell Street, Be: ween Stockton and PowelL
Week Commencing Monday, June Ist,
CZAKS OF THE VAUDEVILLE!
MEEK* BROS., HAVES and POST.
FAF I3NTT7.A. 1
New York sun says: "i'apiuta is La Lole Fuller
l multiplied by five. '
DIXON. BOWKKS and DIXON
And a Strong Vaudeville Company.
Reserved Seats, -sc; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
: and Box seats. 50c.
I . Coming— Edison's Wonder, "The Vitascope."
EXCURSION
NEXT SUNDAY, June 7, to Sonoma Valley.
; Leave via 7:30 a. m. Tiburon ferry. Special
train stops one hour at SONOMA, two hours at
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS and nearly four
hours at GLEN ELLEN. Go and take the fam-
ily. A GRAND BASKET LUNCH OUTING.
Tickets for round trip, only $1. Children, 5 to
12, only 50c. Get reserved seats without extra
charge daily from 1 to 9 P. U. at 333 O'Farrell
street. Unreserved seat tickets for sale at
ferry. J. E. LOCKE, Excursion Manager.
SUTRO_BATHS.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY, June 6 and 7,
A MARINE NOVELTY!
GRAND MATCH RACE I
WATER BICYCLE vs. CANOE !
Illustrations of Deep Spa Diving by Miss Pearl
Woodward. .Exciting .Swimming Contests. Mar-
velous Aerial Diving by Miss Isidore Foote. ;
Admission— Adults, lUn: Children, 50.
•
THE CHUTES!
OPEN SATURDAYS AND SUNDAYS
, AND EVERY PL AS ANT EVENING
Until Completion of Improvements.
Sunday— Japanese Day Fireworks and
Balloon Ascension.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. 11.
ADMISSION SI. OO.
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Towo-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. *.
Fare for round trip, including admission to graai
stand, $1. 'lake Mission-streal electric line dlreos
to track.
A. B. BPRECKEIA ' W. a LEA KB.
President. - 6»cret«ry.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
FAMILY EXCURSION
TO
SANTA CRUZ MOMTAIKS.
Personally conducted by WM. H. MENTON,
Excursion Passenger Agent S. P. Co.
THURSDAY, JUNE 4th.
ROUND TRIP «£»"! dTI CSS
TICKETS, «33 JL ■ cSZA «_J).
From San Francisco, Oakland an -1 Alameda. For
full Information see poster advertisements or ap-
ply at Grand Hotel Ticket Office,
613 Market street, S. F.
FAMILY EXCURSION
.dSßFliinviW! "tiSSSSdr* Jt *»»i"Vf»Vrr tiMrrrm*%ffr
— TO— -
Sunset Park, Sunlit Cruz Mountains,
SATURDAY, JUNE 6.
Round-Trip Tickets, 91; Children, 5 t« '
12, 5() Cents.
DANCING, RACES" AND GAMES.
Music ,by the Fifth Regiment Band.
Trains leave foot of Market street, San Francisco,
8:46 a.m.
Fourteenth and Franklin streets, Oakland, at
8:45 a. it. -* ..
Park street, Alameda, 9:15 a. m.
> Returning, leave the park at sp. m.
78
ALL EXPERT BRIGGS' AUTHORITIES ARE DEAD
Only Two Exceptions Were
Noted in His Grave
yard List.
J. L. WILLCUTT'S CON
TEMPT CASE.
Fined Five Hundred Dollars and
Ordered Imprisoned in the
County Jail.
WILL BE RESCUED BY HABEAS
CORPUS.
Attempt to Bring the Spring Valley
Water Company Into the Siebe
Perjury Case.
At the opening of court yesterday morn
ing Judge Wallace took up the matter of
contempt and listened to an argument by
Attorney McEnerney to the effect that
Auditor Thomas was the proper person to
produce the book containing the account
of operating and legal expenses of the
Market-street Railway Company and that
the others should be purged of contempt.
Mr. Clunie argued that if any outsider
would be allowed to come in ana advise
that an order of court be not obeyed the
courts would be thrown into chaos and
the order of court would be an empty
sound.
Judce Wallace remarked that there
could be no contention in the mattter of
the contßtnpt of Secretary Willcutt. A
sr.bpena had been regularly served upon
him to produce certain books and the
Secretary had refused to obey the order of
the court.
'•Is not that the fact?" asked Judge
Wallace.
"Ye«. sir," replied Mr. Willcutt politely
but lirmly.
"Have you anything to say in regard to
Mr. Willcutt' s case?" asked the Court.
"I have already said all that I have to
say on that matter, your Honor," re
sponded Lawyer McEnerney.
"1 recognize the delicacy of this pro
ceedinir," said the Court, "and I do
not wish to exercise my authority in
such a manner as to disturb or annoy any
one else. I will go no farther in this case,
nor in any other, I nope, except to further
the administration of justice, and should
I fail ro do that, I should fail to do my
duty. Secretary Willcutt is a director of
the corporation; he is its secretary, and in
possession and control of those books. He
is no! a mere clerk, or a person holding
any subordinate position. The board of
directors are scattered about, and are not
in session, so that an order could be re
ceived from them.
"It must be remembered also," con
tinned the Judge, "that the Market-street
Railway Company is not a private, but a
quasi-public corporation. It has possession
of public streets; it has a franchise put into
its hands. The public is interested in the
books of this corporation, and its stocks
and bonds are listed on the Stock Ex
change, and the public who buy and sell
them have an interest in knowing what
this corporation really is. It is like a bariK.
The interest of the public in a bank is so
great that we have bank commissioners
authorized by law to look into the books
of those banks. Why is that? Surely such
a thing would not be thought of, if the
banks were purely a private business. • ♦
"I therefore conclude that Mr. Willcutt,
being secietary of the company and in con
trol of those books, is the proper person to
bring them here. Sucn is Mr. VVillcutt's
position that it this company were sued in
a civil suit and process served upon Mr.
Willcutt as secretary of the Market-street
Railway Company it would be sufficient to
bring the case witnin the jurisdiction of
this court The secretary is made the rep
resentative of the company and it is con
sidered as service upon the corporation it
self. Therefore when a subpena is issued
for him to bring his books it would be
very strange if the same secretary should
not be considered a representative of the
company for that purpose as well as a
representative of tne company for the pur
poses of a lawsuit. I shall so hold, and I
shall fine him $500 and order him impris
oned for five days in the County Jail."
Secretary Willcuit received the sen
tence without betraying any more emo
tion than the dial which marks the
fares, but Accountant Fclsom betrayed
marks of great agitation.
Mr. Clunie made a speech in which he
interceded for Mr. Folsom, and argued
that A'.vinza Hayward ana Charles G. La
throp were responsible parties and should
be punished, but Judge Wallace ordered
the other contempt cases to go over until
next Monday. The commitment of Secre
tary Wil'xatt will be made out this morn
ing, and immediate application will be
made to the Supreme Court for a writ of
habeas corpus.
Richard O'Brien was recalled and read
the affidavits of Assessor Siebe on the real
estate tax roll for 1696. There are 60,000
assessments on the roll.
Accountant George T. Folsom produced
a statement which he read as follows:
Capital stock of the old companies, $8,780,
-973; bonds, $7,035,000; bills payable, $Wl,
-283 98; current accounts baiance credit,
$486,473 60. Total credits, $17,263,730 53.
Debits— Reserved capital stock, $7:36,
-.Mt4 82; bills receivable, $625; permanent
way and franchise, $12,583,203 04; new con
struction, $5<i2,6.'X) 04 ; property accounts,
$3,886,766 61; other accounts, $108,32164.
Total, $17,938,991 78.
Mr. Folsom explained that the first item
on the inventory of the Ferries and Cliff
House road was permanent way. $1,430,
-ti63 23.
"That included every cent that was
spent from the organization of the com
pany until the consolidation?" asked Mr,
Freidenrich.
"No, sir," replied Mr. Folsom.
The accountant continued reading from
the inventory, from which it appeared
that the total of the inventory of the
Ferries and Cliff House Railroad Com
pany* exclusive of permanent way and
franchise, was $2,059,000.
The witness explained that some of the
cars had worn out, but their cost had been
put into the inventor}-. The average life
of the cable, costinir $iB,OOO, was from
three to nine months. Other cables,
which had been worn out from the time
the road started, were represented by
their cost in the permanent-way item. In
fact, the value of all property which had
been worii cut or which had disappeared
! had been placed in the inventory under
the head of "permanent way."
Treasurer N. T. Smith was asked as to
the $208,617 21 cash balance on hand as
shown by his trial balance sheet. He
swore that he had not that sum on hand.
Mr. Smith explained that on Auditoj
Thomas' balance sheet of the operating
account the witness was credited with
$254,948 96, which deducted from Account
ant Folsom's balance sheet $268,617 21
would leave $13,608 25 actual cash on hand
on February 28, 1895. All his money was
on deposit in the Bank of Nevada.
After the noon recess E. W. Briggs, Dep
uty Assessor, told how he had been for
years speculating in real estate, and also
mining. When Mr. Clunie asked whether
he haa 'been mining in San Francisco.
Judge Wallace with a pish! tush! pshaw!
accent remarked, "Of course he wasn't
mining in San Francisco. There are no
mines here."
Mr. Clunie endeavored to find out from
the witness how he fixed the values of real
estate in San Francisco; whether he had
! any memoranda by which he arrived at
i those values, and whether such memor
anda were extant. Mr. Briggs replied that
his memoranda had been written iv per
ishable tablets on his brain; that he used
his judgment in estimating those values.
He had the maps and block books of the
j office for reference, and when he went to
I look at a piece of realty he recked not to
whom it belonged, but officially stamped
thereon his unbiased opinion of its value
for assessment purposes.
He told how he had ridden npon the
lines of the railways in this City and had
examined the wheels, the couplings, the
hot boxes, etc.
He had also invested money in an in
vention designed to store electricity so
that it might be kept on tap in each car to
be drawn sharp when needed. Coming
down to the question of the railroad assess
ments he had consulted engineers and
other experts whose names he had forgot
ten. In order to inform himself as to the
value of the electric roads he consulted A.
S. Hallidie and Mr. Spencer as to the cost
of copper wire per pound; as to the num
ber oi pounds to the yard or the mile and
many other details. All these data he
handed to Mr. Siebe.
At this stage of the examination Mr.
Brigijs became excited, and in a very
dramatic manner declaimed, "I gave tbose
data to Mr. Siebe as I would give them to
my God."
"Don't get excited over it, Mr. Brijrgs,"
suggested the lawyer with an air of mock
solicitude.
"I am not excited, sir; I am deeply in
earnest, sir," was the haughty retort of
the witness.
When asked why he had not preserved
for future reference the memoranda which
had cost him so much pains and time to
secure the witness replied that he had de
stroyed them.
There really was no reason why he
should preserve them, he added, because
when he went to assess them the next
3'ear hecould add the number of new miles
to the assessment.
Mr. Spencer of the wire works furnished
him the data on the wire cable, but Mr.
Spencer was not lie re now. He was per
haps in Oregon. George W. Gibbs gave
him the data on the rails.
"Is Mr. Gibbs in Oregon, too?" asked the
attorney.
"No, sir: I believe he is dead.'
It came out afterward that William T.
Garratt furnished Mr. Briggs with his esti
mates on the price of copper wire.
"Where is Mr. Garratt?"
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
"H'm; I think he is dead."
This raised a laueh.
"Oh, another dead man," remarked Mr.
Clunie, sarcastically. "Were there any
live persons there at the time?"
"Yes, a dozen."
"Will you give me their names?"
"I don't rcmemb-T."
"You only remember the names of dead
men," said Mr. Clunie. "I'd like to have
some live men in this case."
"Sir-r-r!" exclaimed Mr. Briggs, se
verely, and with official hauteur. "When
you get as old as I am you will know a
srood many people who are dead."
"No doubt," assented the lawyer; "but,
your Honor, this thing is farcical. The
only men he remembers are dead men or
men who have gone to Oregon. All his
dead men have died within a year."
"That is not Mr. Brigns' fault," re
marked Judge Wallace, sympathetically.
Mr. Briggs varied the dead monotony of
the proceedings shortly afterward by say
ing that he knew all about the value of
electric poles, not positive and negative
poles, but wooden poles, fromF. M. Speed.
"Where is Mr. Speed?" demanded
Clunie. ''Is he dead, too?"
"Well, h'm!" replied Mr. Briggs, cast
ing a retrospective eye on the copperchan
delier which hangs from the center of the
ceiling, "I don't know whether he is dead
or not. The fact is that eight or nine
months ago he disappeared suddenly, and
there is no knowing what has become of
him. He has never been heard of since."
The witness in reply to a searching series
of questions said that he had never been
into the office of the railway company to
ask questions about their property. He
! rode in the cars, examined the woodwork
I and the finish of them and placed his
valuation on them. These were samples,
• and he applied their values to all of the
| same kind and quality.
Later on the witness said that he could
build every mile of electric road in the
City for less than $25,000 per mile.
Mr. Clunie figured up the number of
i miles on a certain road and found that at
i $25,000 per mile the cost of building would
; be about $350,000.
"What is that road assessed for?" was
asked.
"Fifty-five thousand two hundred and
forty dollars," was the reply.
This reply brought out another laugh,
\ and Mr. Brings, who appeared considera
; bly disconcerted, added that poles, insula
| tors, etc., would swell the amount to
: $117,750. Then he took a fresh hold ana
I said that his estimate of $25,250 per mile
I included the cars. But he could not re
' member how many cars there were to a
i mile.
The witness by this time hr.d lost the air
of confidence with which lie had taken the
witness-chair and answered the remaining
questions in a faltering manner.
.Pelham W. Ames of the ' Spring Valley
Water Works was called to state the value
of the property of tnat corporation. Mr.
! Friedenrich objected and Mr. Clunie of
i fered to prove tnat that property was
worth $20,000,000 and that the Assessor had
assessed it at $3,000,000 when he had full
possession of the facts. He would show,
also, that Mr. Siebe had underassessed
the property of the Gas Company, the
Electric Light Company, the Telephone
Company and a dozen other companies.
He wanted to show that the officials of the
Spring Valley Water Company had filed
in court a Bworn statement to the effect
that the property of that corporation was
worth $20,000,000. The testimony was nec
essary in order to sustain the allegation
that the Assessor had not made a mistake,
but had acted corruptly.
Judge Wallace decided to rule out the
question. If the Assessor had made a
mistake in the matter of the Market-street
Railway Company that would have no
bearing on the charge of perjury. Hence
it would not affect the issue to show that
the Assessor had also made a m stake in
the Spring Valley matter. The Assessor s
oath to the assessment roll was to be con
sidered as a separate oath to each separate
assessment. The case before the court
was the assessment of the property of the
Market-street Railway Company. He did
not propose to issue any more warrants
against the Assessor. He, the Judge,
thought that he had done his share as a
committing magistrate. There were other
magistrates to whom application might be
made.
"We have done nothing yet in the mat
ter," said Garret McEnerney, the attorney
for Mr. Willcutt, "simply because there
was nothing for us to do. Judge Wallace
has not yet committed Mr. Willcutt to the
custody of the Sheriff, but we expect he
will do so at the opening of court this
morning.
"Then we will at once sue out a writ of
habeas corpus before the Supreme Court.
This will bring up the jurisdiction of the
whole proceedings.
"In fact we have the papers already
made out ready for presentation just as
soon as the formal commitment is made
out. So Mr. Willcutt will not have very
long to remain in jail."
As he said this a significant smile spread
over his good-natured face.
An adjournment was then had to 10
o'clock this morning.
THAT MOQUET CARPET.
Appraiser Levy Differs With Jud*«
Wallace's Agent In Regard to
Its Value.
The second charge of perjury against
Assessor Siebe was taken up again in
Judge Campbell's court yesterday after
noon at 4 o'clock. The session was a brief
one, the only witness examined being Abe
Levy, a furniture broker and appraiser of
1135 Market street, who had been sent to
Judge Wallace's Van Ness avenue resi
dence to make an estimate of the value of
the furniture in the house.
When Judge Wallace was on the stand a
few days ago he promised to lend his as
sistance to the attorneys in getting at the
value of the furniture in question and ex
pressed himself as being quite willing to
| allow anybody they might send to go
■ through the house and examine the con-
I tents. It seems, however, that when Ap
| praiser Levy went to the Judge's residence
yesterday morning he met with a different
reception than had been promised. He
was not allowed to go through the house
and was able merely to make a cursory
I survey of the interior of one of the parlors.
The parlor the witness declared was lux
uriously furnished, "gorgeously" fur
nished, to use his own phraseology.
| Among the articles of furniture was a
hand-carved ebony table which the wit
ness averred must have coßt $200 or $250.
Besides this there were eight or ten chairs
upholstered in curled hair and brocaded
silk which must have cost $35 or $40
apiece. The 140 yards of carpet in the
j parlor, which were appraised by Agent
| Giselman and Appraissr Terry at $sb\ Mr.
Levy said must have cost in the neighbor-
I hood of $2 50 or $3 a yard. Although
j Agent Giselman had no recollection of
any oil paintings in the house except
some family portraits in the sitting-room,
Mr. Levy had noticed several oil land-
I scapes encased in rich gilt frames.
The carpet and furniture, witness ac
i knowledged, would not bring nearly so
much at a forced sale, there being no mar
i ket for such goods. If sold at auction
they would probably bring very little mi
i deed. When asked how much the furni
! ture in the parlor would be worth to a
i person wanting to buy such furniture, Mr.
j Levy replied that the carpet, chairs and
ebony table would be worth about $400.
j As to the probable value of the furniture
j in the whole house, witness was unable to
| give any estimate before seeing it.
| At this point Attorney Batjgett asked
that a continuance be granted until this
afternoon. 'We are very much embar
rassed at our failure to get an esti
mate of the value of the furniture.
Mr. Levy was sent up to Judge Wallace's
house practically by the Judge's consent.
The Judge offered to do all in his power to
aid us in determining the value of his
furniture. I cannot understand why Mr.
Levy should have been refused entrance.
If it is impossible to compel the people at
the house to admit the appraiser I would
like to subpena Judge Wallace again and
ask him something further about his offer
to help us in our investigations."
Judge Campbell accordingly adjourned
court until this afternoon at 4 o'clock, at
which time Judge Wallace will probably
be put on the stand again, unjess in the
meantime some arrangement is made for
appraising the Judge's much-disputed
bric-a- brae.
MUST PAY A LICENSE.
Nickel-ln-the-Slot Telephone Boxes
Will Help Oat the City Revenue
Hereafter.
The License and Order Committee of the
Board of Supervisors decided yesterday to
recommend that the nickel-in-the-slot
telephone boxes be placed on the same
level as any other device used to collect
the nickels of the public, and be taxed $3
per month for each box.
This matter was brought up several
weeks ago by Supervisor Dimond, and was
continued from time to time in order to
give other members a chance to look
into it.
It was made a special order of business
for yesterday, and Supervisor Dimond
made a strong plea for his order. He
thought that the company had no more
right to run boxes than any other concern
deriving a revenue for the same, and he
urged the immediate adoption of the or
dinance. He stated that the company
had 2800 nickel-in-tbe-slot boxes scattered
about the city, and that it was time the
City derived some revenue from them.
BANKS TO REPORT AGAIN,
Budd Demands a Special Ac
counting for Assessors'
Benefit.
Wants a Report for March 2,
When One Was Furnished March
28— Bankers Object.
Governor Budd has ordered the Board !
of Bank Commissioners to collect reports i |
from all the banks of the State as to their
tinancial condition on March 2, 1896.
This nction is exceptional. It is, how- :
ever, the outcome of a Gubernatorial re
quest to the same effect, but which the j
Commissioners informed the Governor
they regarded simply as a suggestion.
The Commissioners are required by law
to render three reports each year on the
bank?. Their last report was for March
28, 1806.
The assessment-rolls in the several coun- j
ties are made up nnon the valuation of
property on the first Monday in March,
Which tnis year occurred on the second day
of the month. A great many of the As- !
sessors based their bank assessments on
the Commissioners' report of March 28,
making such slight adjustments as
were necessary. The Assessor of ;
San Joaquin County, it will be remem- i
bered by those who have followed
the matter as it has appeared from time to
time In the newspapers, asked the Bunk
Commissioners for valuations en March 2. '
The Commissioners felt that in comply- !
ing with the requirements of the law they
had rerforimd their duty, and so wrote
the Governor in a very polite response to .
his request for the extra, antedated re- !
port.
All such ' commissions are under the
control of the Governor, and what he or- 1
ders must be done. In this instance the
question with the Bank Commissioners is,
Why should the banks be singled out to
furnish extra information for the benefit
of the assessors while the building and
Loan associations, the insurance com
panies and other similar corporations, i
over which there are State commissions,
are not required to render reports for the
benefit of assessors?
In accordance with Governor Budd's ex
plicit orders the following official notifica- j
tion has been sent out to all the banks in
California:
Office of Board of Bank Commissioners,)
530 California. STRUCT,
San Francisco, Cal., May 29, 1896. >
To the Prisiii frits and Directors of California
State Sankt o WrrtmifTTf ' We are this day in
receipt of the following order from his Ex
cellency James H. Budd, Governor of Califor- ;
nia, to wit:
I require Information, In writing, from the Board
of HafiK Commissioners Of the State of California
of the condition of every corporation mentioned in
section BOf i tie Bank Commissioners act ; and I
al-.<> require from i; information ah to each, every |
unit nil [he facts required 10 MMt one and forth in
it:'' repnn, as provided for In section 9 of tin- ISauk
Commissioners act, as amended March 26, 1895—
such iotormation 10 be. however, as of the said
corporations' condition on March 3, 1896.
Thnt tnis commission may comply with said
order we herewith inclose the necessary blanks !
for report and rcquircM he same to be properly |
filled out and returned to this otnee, as pro
vided in section 9 of the Bank Commissioners
act. Very respectfully,
By order of the Board of Bank Commission
ers. C. H. DtmSMOOB, Secretary.
Appended to the Governor's order was i
the lollowing explanation of his authority |
for so doing:
I require this information under sections 6
and i, article V of the constitution of this ]
Slate, and section 380 of the Political Code of i
California, subdivisions 1,9 and 33, and the!
act of March 30, IM7B, creating a board of
Bank Commissioners and prescribing their j
duties and powers and the acts amendatory
thereof.
Notwithstanding the Governor's defense
of his authority for this order many of
the bankers are strongly opposed to per
forming the extra labor and bearing the
additional expense. That some of the
banks will rebel is fully expecteJ.
The San Francisco Clearing-house will
hold a special meeting this forenoon at 10
o'clock to take action on the matter.
SECRET OF THE GATES.
Why the Southern Pacific Will Keep
Out A lamella People to Suit
Itself.
"I can tell you why the Southern Pa
cific is getting ready to put gates on its
Alameda local trains," said a prominent
citizen of that city yesterday. "It is to
make the people patronize the electric
street cars. If they have to pay to ride on
the steam line they will not wait for the
infrequent trips of the trains, but will
patronize the cars of the Alameda, Oak
land and Piedmont electric road. This
route is owned by the Southern Pacific and
its tracks parallel those of both the broad
and narrow gauge lines. The electric cars
come from Oakland via Webster street.
They turn from Webster street into Santa
Clara avenue and run south to Park street,
whence they transfer to Hieh street.
Thence they run to East Oakland. A
branch line also runs on San Jose avenue
from Ninth to High street.
"Now the broad-gauge line. extends from
Park street almost to Webster and the
narrow-gauge the entire lengtn of the city,
so you can see what an increase of traffic
it would bring to the streetcars if people
were compelled to pay on the steam cars."
In Contempt of Court.
A Jury for the special session ot the United
States District Court was sworn In yesterday.
James J. Logi;ie was the only one of the jurors
summoned who did not put in an appearance,
and v warrant for his arrest on & charge of
contempt of court was issued.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Mclaughlin mi
THE REPUBLICANS,
The Chairman Sends a Cir
cular Letter Through
the State.
WANTS UNITY OF ACTION
County Committees to Be Kept
in Touch With the Cen
tral Force.
MANY RATIFICATION MEETINGS
An Earnest of the Vigorous ani Well
Organized Campaign Work That
Will Bi Done.
Chairman Frank Mclaughlin of the Re- i
publican State Executive Committee yes
terday issued an important circular letter
to members of the State Central Commit
tee and to chairmen of Republican county
committees throughout the State.
It announced the sub-committees of the
Executive Committee appointed day be
fore yesterday, and contains requests and
suggestions that will wake up the county
committees and the party workers
throughout the State, put the county
organizations in touch with the Executive
Committee and secure unity, harmony i
and vigor of campaign action. It is an |
earnest of the work of U c newly consti- j
tuted Executive Committee during the j
campaign, and illustrates the way in which j
Frank McLnughlin takes hold of things.
After announcing the committees as j
published in The Call yesterday, the cir
cular proceeds as follows:
The State Central Committee most earnestly
solicits the loyal co-operation of all county i
committees, and requests at the outset that
the complete roll ot such committees, includ
ing individual postoffice addresses, be early '
filed with th« secretary, nnd also that any fu- j
ture changes be promptly noted and recorded !
without delay to the .-;ame official. The chair- .
men of all such committees will please take j
proper notice of this request ami promptly ;
comply therewith.
Registration being an important factor in |
our politics, all county committees are earn- j
estly requested to givi this matter Immediate
and zealous attention; see to it that the law is
Strictly complied with in every particular, j
A digest of same will be furnished from these j
headquarters later on. Meanwhile energet
ically enroll all Republican voters, keeping a
keen watch upon the work of our political op- ;
ponents. Stody the local situation "in the '
street, on the rcod and at the markets," and !
keep this office fully advised as we progress in :
the campaign, never neglecting to seize any J
legitimate opportunity to advance our party
interests.
If that unity of purpose which commands
success is to be attained and carried on - t
throughout the approaching campaign our
ootmty, municipal and club organizations j
should harmonize all factional elements in i
Republican runks. Do not overlook even the |
unimportant details of local political work, |
ever bearing in mind that our efforts may be- j
come impotent aud futile unless all the minor
attain of the contest are sr»ecitically cared for. !
Let all true Republicans, from the northern j
to the southern limits of our State, make early
arrangements to ratify and confirm the Na
tional platform and the nominations for Presi
dent and Vice-President to be made by the Na
tional Republican Convention to be held in St.
Louis on the 16th inst. All party organiza
tions should at once convene and provide the
ways and means for a spirited and generous
ratification of party principles and of the Re
publican leaders of a protection that protects.
1 enter upon the duties of the present cam
paign grateful for the confidence of the mem
bers of my party and inspired by the assistance
so lavishly proriered by Republicans through
out the State, yet fully aiive to the great re
sponsibilities attaching to the position. Ac
tuated solely by a desire to serve the Republi
can party, 1 most earnestly solicit that whole
sale co-operation and unselfish assistance in
the patriotic struggle which is certain to place
in the White House a Republican President
who is the embodiment of all those protective
and patriotic principles which to-day domi
nate the whole American people. Republican
history will repeat Itself if victory be'ongs to
the most persevering. Faithfully yours,
Frank McL.vughi.ik,
Chairman Executive Committee.
P. S.— Kindly favor us with an early reply,
and extremely oblige.
The committee m charge of the arrange
ments for the trip of the California delega
tion to St. Louis are rapidly perfecting
them, and all will be in readiness for the
start by special train on the 11th inst
Samuel M. Shortridge leaves in advance
oftherestof the delegation. He will go
East to-night en route to New York via
St. Louis. After a brief stop in the latter
city he will go on to New York to visit
relatives, returning to St. Louis in time
for the convention. He will be accom
panied by Attorney Thomas D. Kiordan.
THE PEACH CROP.
Small Harvest in the East Means Good '
Prices Here.
California peach-raisers need not feel .
discouraged because they will have only
half a crop this year. When a short time j
ago it was found that the output would be
smaller than expected, the fruit-growers
looked to the East to see how the Eastern ;
crops stood the soring weather, and the
reports were that in the large peach sec- ,
tions the harvest would be great.
California peach-growers concluded that
with big crops in the East the Western
fruit-raisers with their half crops would
hardly make enough to pay expenses.
In order to get more definite in for ma
! tion as to the prospective harvest of
j peaches Mr. Filcherof the State Board of
j Trade wrote a letter of inquiry to J. B.
j James, the manager of half a dozen peach
ore ards, comprising thousands of acres
in Georgia. These orchards are really the
I center of the peach section of the East,
i and the output and prices control the
I general market, Mr. James' letter will
pive heart to the California peach-growers.
It reads as follows:
Ford Vaixey, Ga., May 28.
J. A. Filcher— Dear: Sir: • • • I am sorry
to report that we do nut expect more than 25
! to 30 per cent of a crop of peaches from
Georgia this season. Up to the Ist of May we
I had prospects of a fair crop, hut our estimates
I now are jeduced by one- half, as compared to
basis of one month ago. So it would seem that
with a short crop of peaches in Georgia and
California we should look for good prices.
Sold our first crate to-day, sneed net at $3 50.
J. B. James.
The condition? of the Eastern and West
ern peaoh crop show that the output will
be small. Hence, the profits will be large
and the California orchardists who ex
pected to realize but little for their peaches
this year will probably be able to sell at a
good advantage.
• — ♦— •
In the Indian statue of Guadama the
lobes of the ears are so long that they
j reach the level of the lamp.
SEW TO-PAT. ' _^_^
" Cupid and Psyche.**
MANHOOD!
The Most Precious Ele-
ment of Our Physical
Being. You do Not
Know How to Appre-
ciate It Until You Have
Lost It. How It Can be
Regained.
There are three stages of
lost manhood: First, the ab-
sence of manly power. Sec-
ond, loss of ambition, energy,
business and social ability.
Third, loss of memory, dull-
ness of vision, dullness of
intellect, and in the end but
one result— nervous debility.
Lack of manhood is the
lack of the one thing that
makes life worth living. The
possessor of a vigorous man-
hood does not appreciate its
worth. When he loses it by
excesses or indiscretions he
then begins to realize what
a grand element it is; how
much his happiness — yes,
his very existence — depends .
upon it.
| When a man is broken
down in his vital powers as
i a rule he is not the only one
; who suffers. Others, family,
; friends , those who enjoy his
company and protection, no-
I tice the depression in his
spirits, the lack of ambition,
; dogged disposition, nagging,
irritable temperament. It
! makes all who come in con-
| tact with him unhappy.
Let the reader understand
that all this misery comes
from the loss of nerve force-
\ that element is the
well spring of all joy, of all
1 mental- and physical pleas-
ure. It is the loss of this
' nerve force that leaves the
\ mind and body weak, and
causes the sufferer to feel
! that the best of his life has
be.en spent.
To replace the force and
! strength of the nerves 'we
must use Electricity — not
I drugs — as Electricity forms
I the basis of all animal life.
I It is the nerve force, the life
i of the nerves, and the life of
; all nervous and vital organs
increases when Electricity is
1 applied in mild, soothing
I currents, as it is from Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt.
It is hard to convince some
people of the value of this
great Electric Belt, for every
sufferer knows too well the
great amount of fraud and •
deception which is practiced
by makers of a cheap grade
of belts, and how these char-
latans impose them on the
public with the announce-
ment that they are 'as good"
as Dr. Sanden's.
"I have read about other electric belts," says
a correspondent, "which claim to be as good ai
yours, but they don't show as many cures as
yours does." , •
"I have tried many different remedies end
levernl other makes of electric belts, but re-
ceived no benefit until I used yours. It has
caused a permanent cure," says James H.
Burden, 417 Clementina St., Stockton, Cal.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
: will positively cure all weak-
ness arising from • early
habits or later excesses. If
you are weak you owe it to
yourself, to your family and
friends and those who will
look to you for a heritage of
health, to cure yourself now.
Get Dr. Sanden's Electric
\ j Belt to-day.
Book, with price list and
I full information, free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
I 630 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Oflica hours : 8 a. m. M
• 8:30 p. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
OFFICES AT:
LOS ANGELES, CAT,., I PORTLAND, OR.,
i :Wi South Broad way. 1 253 Washington itntt.JAMES J, CORBETT
MEANS BUSINESS,
He Will Go to England and
Fight for Coin and
Glory.
11 IT'S DOUGH I'M AFTER."
An Evening of Great Fisticuffs
at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion.
SIX THOUSAND SPECTATORS.
Needham and Gal'agb.er Put Up a
Great Mil!— Sharkey Was a
Disappointment.
Champion Jim Corbstt delivered a
si>eech last night to many thousands of
people in the Mechanics' Pavilion.
He said that he was very much pleased
with the reception he had received, and
that he would leave for England in a
week "to fight Fitzsimmons or any other
man who would put up the 'dough.'
"It's rocks that I'm after."
He desired to correct various reports
erning his condition.
"lam not a consumptive or a broken
down hasbeen," he continued, "and you
can rest assured, gentlemen, that I will
prove that I am a very sound man when I
will have an opportunity of fighting some
body."
One hour before the first brace ©f pugil
■ho figured on the National Club's
fistic programme of the evening put in an
appearance on the platform the galleries
of the Pavilion were packed with the
'>f boxing.
Those who could not get seats climbed
up on the rafters and took possession of
every place of vantage where a good view
of the contests could be bad.
The two and three dollar seats filled
slowly, but when the master of ceremonies
— "Beef Inspector Jordan" — announced
tiiat smoking must stop there were six
thousand people in the big building.
Jim Corbett. the famous pugilist, who
had purchased fifty tickets for his friends,
received a great ovation when he put in
an appearance.
James looked tfiore like a bank presi
dent than a pugilist, but within his best
suit of every-day clothes was the bone and
muscle, without which no pugilist can
hope to attain distinction.
The betting on the tights was lively all
day yesterday. Sharkey sold a slight
favorite over Williams of Salt Lake up to
»> p. m., when a lump sum of $500 sub
scribed by the sailors of the American
warship Philadelphia arrived with orders
to be placed on Sharkey at any odds.
This knocked a bi." hole in the stock of
the Salt Lake champion, which fell
rapidly. The pools closed with Sharkey a
strong favorite at 2 to 1.
Very lively betting was done on the
Gallagher and Needham fight. Gallagher
". is favorite all through the belting, which
closed at 2 to 1, with Needliam on the
siiort end.
Sertreant Birdsaii and his staff of police
men were on hand early to enforce order.
At 9 o'clock Professor Georce Allen of
Chicago, 14tJ pounds, and Arthur Walker
of Australia, 147 pounds, stepped under
theropes. Sergeant Birdsaii weighed the
mittens and pronounced them satisfactory.
Then the great and only prize fighting
orator, Billy Jordan, made his usual little
>:>tt-ch in which he said: "Gentlemen,
I • u-e stop smoking."
George Green was selected to referee the
two first contests.
Waik^r had ail the best of the first
round. He smashed Allen in body and
face until the receiver grew weary. Allen
did get home a lew stiff punches but
Walker did not seem to mind them.
In the second round Allen hit Walker
two vicious rieht-handers in the neck and
face and then both pugilists clinched and
fell. After some hot exchanges Allen
brought "Walker down with a good right
hand clip on the jaw. Before time was
called Allen knocked Walker down again
and the latter was very groggy when he
walked to his corner.
In the third round Allen watched his
chances for a knockout blow, but failed
to land several wild swings. This was a
pive-and-take round.
In the fourth round Allen, in ducking
from a blow, ran his right eye against
Vv";ilker's elbow, which cut a deep gash
from which the blood streamed. The sight
of the claret scared all the fight out of
Allen. He. simply quit fighting and al
lowed Walker to punch him against the
rones as he pleased.
-••rgeant Birdsaii thought that the con
ad gone on long enough and stopped
er proceedings. The fight was given
to Walker.
It. wan 0:30 when Billy Smith and
Patty Corrigan got to smashingeach other
in the true old style of give and take.
Corngau started out beautifully and
planted some good stiff punches in
Smith's side, but when the round was half
over Smith sized up his man and had Cor
rigan on "Queer street" when the round
In the second round Smith madeachoo
pinjr block of Pat^y.
The third round was a repetition of the
previous round and Smith did not force
the fighting.
Fourth round — Corrijjan lorced the place
a: the start and did land a few stiff 'uns,
but before tne close Smith sent Corrigan
<m his back with a good stiff right in the
neck.
Fifth round— Smith opened it by chop
ping Corrigan in the nose and drawing
I. Smith then gave his attention to
< orrtgan's stomach, and when the gong
sounded I'atsy was all but gone and Smith
was very much exhausted.
Sixth round — Smith sailed in to wind
up the game and Corrigan fell against a
post from the effects of a punch in the
stomach. Corrigan fell a second time, and
Referee Gre-n ordered the pugilists to
their corners and awarded the match to
Smith.
At 10 o'clock Billy Gallagher, 143 pounds,
stepped between the ropes and a few min
ister his opponent, Danny Needham,
147 pounds, put in an appearance.
The pugilists looked" well and the out
look for a hot mill was good.
Just before the fight commenced the
< rowd shouted for Corbett, who was asked
to make a speech; but James only raised
his anatomy from his seat and uncovered
in recognition of the request.
Considerable time was lost in the selec
tion of a referee. Albert King was finally
chosen, much a-eainst the wishes of the
gallery gods, wno protested strongiy. But
King remained "on deck" nevertheless.
First round — Needham had slightly the
hest of the first round. Gallagher missed
wicked right swings and Danny
planted his left four or five times in Gal
■ r's face near the close of the round.
Second round — Gallagher started in
vwM, and gave Needham the elbow fre
quently. He was rattled, and hit Need-
Lain in a clinch. Shouts of foul. Need-
Lam punched Gallagher with lefts on nose.
ClincbM were numerous. Gallaghercaught
Need bam a heavy right swing on shoulder
as the gong sounded.
Third round— Needham cleverly ducked
a right swing. Heavy in-fighting followed.
Gallagher was smashing wild, and the
referee had all of his time separating the
men in clinches. It was give and take,
both men smashing hard and fast. Gal
lagher finished tired.
Fourth round— This was another hot
round. Needham gave Gallagher a terri
ble chopping in the last half of the round.
In the first part Gallagher landed some
hard stomach punches which Needham
took in good style and fought back every
inch.
Fifth round— Needham had all the best
of this. He jabbed Gallagher repeatedly
in the face and the latter stood off waiting
to land a swing, which he missed when
the chance came.
Sixth round— Gallagher woke up a little
and warmed Needham 's stomach with right
handers. Needham, for some reason, quit
lighting. Certainly he did get a lig'at tip
on the jaw, but it was not hard enough to
seemingly daze him. Gallagher was too
weak to put on the finishing touch.
Seventh round — Gallagher had the best
of this. Needham was very tired and his
blows lacked steam. Gallagher was tired
also and did not force the pace. Both
lighters retired with bloody noses.
Eighth round — Galiajrher staggered
Needham with a swinging right on the
jaw, but failed to get home a finishing
■ s iuash. Needham recovered and Btopped
Gallagher's rush with a straight rxgiiL
Gallagher again got in a right which dazed
I 'antiv. Billy had ail the best of the game
to the finish."
Ninth round— Both men were very tired,
and, although tney landed repeatedly on
fare and body, their blows were steamless.
Gallagher tried the elbow frequently and
was cautioned by the referee.
Tenth round— Gallagher forced the fight
ing, and although he had somewhat the
best of the bout, Needham cleverly stopped
some blows, which must be taken into
consideration in defensive work. It was a
good fight from start to iinish.
When the referee's voice could be heard
he said that the bout was so eveniy con
tested lie could not give either man the
nritch. but that the purse should be di
vided.
Tue event of the evening now came. It
was a ten-round content between Tom
Sharkey, "the pride of the American
Navy, " and Jim Williams, the champion
heavy-weight of Salt L;ike.
It would be only tiring the readers to
cive a descriptive account of this mill.
Both Williams and Sharkey fought like
clowns.
Sharkey is muscle-bound and does not
send his body with his blows, conse
quently he is unable to knock an oppo
nent out. Williams appears to be a good
natured slob who knows very little about
the manly art, but he managed to stay be
tore his opponent for seven rounds.
when he dropped thoroughly ex
hausted on the ropes and the referee,
George Green, wt>o prew tired looking at
the "awkward squad" boring big holes in
the atmosphere, ordered Sharkey to his
corner and then announced that the sailor
won the match, which was the most unin
teresting event of the evening.
CUPID HIMSELF TRAPPED.
Nuptials of Miss Helen Thornton
and Ex-License Clerk
Haley.
Ceremony Performed in St. Brigid's
Church Amid Beautiful Floral
Decorations.
Yesterday morning "Cupid" himself
was cleverly entrapped by one of San
Francisco's charming young ladies. In
other words, ex-Marriage License Clerk
W. E. Haley, brother of ex-County Clerk
Haley, was wedded to Miss Helen Thorn
ton, youngest daughter of Henry Thorn
ton.
The ceremony took place in St. Brigid's
Church on Van Ness avenue, the Rev.
Father Cottle officiating. The church in
terior was beautifully decorated with smi
lax and St. Joseph iilies, while behind the
altar was arranged a background of red
silk spangled with gold stars, the whole
surmounted by a crown of gold.
The church was filled with friend?. !
When the bridal party passed through the j
entrance the organ began playing the J
Lohengrin wedding march. Tne bride
Via escorted to the altar by her father, and j
the bridesmaid, Miss Agnes Thornton, by I
Daniel Haley, brother of the groom, who |
acted as best man.
The bride was attired in a gown of white
silk trimmed with tulle and lace. She
wore a veil and carried a bouquet of lilies
of the valley. The bridesmaid wore a
yellow silk gown trimmed with mousseline
de soie.
At the conclusion of the ceremony and
while the organ was playing Mendelssohn's
wedding march the party left for the resi-
MKS. W. E. HALEY (FORMERLY MISS HELEN THORNTON).
dence of the bride's father on Green street,
where a wedding breakfast was served.
The wedding presents were numerous
and elegant, the most conspicuous being a
large oil-painting, a winter scene, the work
and the gift of lusi Agnes Thornton.
Prominent among the guests were
James Haley, Merced; Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Greer, Menlo Park; Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Robinson, Oakland: Miss liensler.
New York City; Mrs. Baker and Miss
Baker, Los Angeles; Mrs. J. J. O'Brien
and Miss O'Bripn of this City, Dr. Rodden,
Dr. Pawhcki, the Misses G'reenbaum, H.
M. Thornton and Miss Dorothy Thornton.
When Mr. and Mrs. Haley left the house
they were showered with rice. Where
they are going on their wedding tour is at
present known only to themselves; either
the Del Monte or Portland, Or., is believed,
however, to be their destination.
Dickens, who made his presence felt
wherever he wandered, sometimes wrote
upon window-panes, and at a splendid old
coaching inn — now almost a wildnerness —
on the Great North road, not far from
Pontefract. is a very clear signature of his
on the dining-room window-pane.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUKE 4, 189(5.
EXIT GRIMALDI,
ENTER PESCIA,
Grand Banquet to the Old
and New Italian
Consuls.
SPINETTI LAUDS PESCIA
Declares the Maxim of Great Men
Having Enemies Not
Universal.
"OLD GLORY" GIVEN PRIORITY
Successful Conduct cf the Affair Due
to Messrs. Calegaris and
Caglieri.
The great banquet in honor of the de- I
parture of Bruni Grimaldi, late Consul- j
General from Italy to San Francisco, and '•■
his successor, Dr. Joseph Pescia, was held !
last night at the Commercial Hotel.
The dining-hall had been profusely and
tastefully decorated for the occasion.
Chevalier Calecaris and Dr. Caglieri
arranged the affair, and to their arduous <
labor is due its successful termination.
Tne good spirits of all present were largely
due to the menu, which consisted of j
twenty-one courses.
Grimaldi hasbeen Consul for only a year
and a half and ha 3 lately been appointed
Italian Minister to Guatemala. Prior to
fulfilling that mission he will go to Denver
on a visit for recreation.
Dr. Pescia, his successor, is one of the
richest and most influential members of !
the Italian colony and one of the most
prominent physicians. For a long time he
was physician to the local Italian Bene- j
volent Society, but relinquished the posi
tion and recommended Caglieri as his
successor.
Banqueting and repartee were in order
till a quarter-past 10 o'clock, when Cale
garis rose from his seat, and instantly i
j golden silence prevailed.
He spoke of tho good work that Consul '
! Grimaldi had performed, and said his an- j
pointment of Pescia as his successor could ■
not have been bettered. Then he proposed !
a toast to the health of the gentlemen in
'■ question, which was drunk standing amid
loud cheers.
In response Grimaidi said:
"I have traveled all over the world, but |
in iio city have I met a colony which is so |
sober and industrious as the one herein;
this City. The time I have spent here has ;
! been a pleasure.
"As regards the criminal element, it is j
so small that you have great reason to be j
proud.
"I thank you all for your courteous '
: treatment of me daring my sojourn, and ■
am very sorry to leave you, but duty calls !
i me elsewhere.
"As for the appointment of Dr. Pescia
; an my successor i found upon due investi
] gation that he is a man noted far and wide
for probity and integrity, and that his se
lection would be universally approved."
Amid loud cries of "Pescia," "Peseta," i
the doctor rose, glanced over the assem- ;
blaee with a good-natured smile, and said: !
"I had not spoken to Consul Grimaldi j
at all on this subject until he came to me j
and requested me to act as Consul in this |
City. Prior to that I had no more idea of
! being the Italian Consul to San Francisco
I than of.being the Czar of Russia.
"But still, my friends and countrymen,
when I was called upon I did not forget
the land that is the honored birthplace of
I my mother, ami accepted the position, the
I offer of which I was proud to regard as a
! high compliment."
Dr. Pescia's words were greeted with j
1 hearty applause, and at once Andrew
I SbarbDrt) rose and proposed another toast '
I to the health of the retired Consul, stat- |
I ing that it is much easier to criticize than |
! to govern.
After the toast was given, he said all
Italians came to this country for the pur
pose of improving their condition, and at
the same time of developing the resources
of the country by their industry.
For i his reason he proposed a toast to
the health of the president of the United
States, which was drunk amid great en-
I thusiasm, the whole company rising to
I their feet and waving their glasses.
J. C. Sala then proposed a toast to the
wife and children of the retired consul,
• who, he said, ware awaiting his arrival
home with open arms.
A great speech was made by Judge J. A.
Spinetti. Several times he was inter
i rupted and forced to wait for his admiring
auditors' ebullitions of applause to
cease. After referring to the general sor-
I row caused by the retirement of Consul
! Grimaldi, which he said was tempered
by the appointment of so worthy a suc
cessor, be gracefully said:
"Of course, it is a maxim that the man
I who builds up a grand and noble charac
ter makes foes by so doing, but we have
here a notable exception. If Dr. Pescia
' has a single foe in all the world I am glad
to state that he has been ashamed to make
open avowal of it.
"In his official capacity he ba-i demon-
I strayed that he performs his duty with
marked ability, and in his private life has
I shown that he is a man of the people—
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
making utterly no distinction between
rich and p. >or. And when Consul Bruni
Grimaldi in his wisdom selected the Hon.
i Joseph Pescin in his place and stead, he
■ showed himself a true diplomat."
After a few more speeches the health of
all was drunk, and. with prolonged cheer-
I ing and common concratulation, the ban
\ qiiet ended. A full list of those present is
! herewith given:
K. If. Baehracli, G. B. Levnggi, L. Demartini,
i Attorney .'. A. Spinciti. J. C. Sala, J. Calegaris,
Dr. (i. i'atrlieri, M. 1.. Perasso, P. N. Beiifratio,
l>r. V. Vacearl. Hon. E. C. l'almleri, D. Bnr
| sotti, J. F. KuuHzi. A. Sbarboro, M. J. Fon
-1 tana. <".. Isecheri, (iiovuuni CQoeo, I. Barbieri,
P. Mlcneletti, Cm>tnin L. Baen>'ito, Fioreniio
' Cavagnaro, I*. A. Albora, (i. Cadenasso, li.
! Costa, Joseph Cuneo, Peter Rossi, L. Levrero,
'■, I). Uiagi, ti. Tacconl, A. JJevoto, O. Jlusso. A.
' Fodera. I. C. Rossi, C O. Fnuda, L. DUirazia,
Carlo Domlero, Attorney J. A. Devoto, A.
Chk-hizola, G. Baeigalupi, K. Cadenasso, 6.
Vnlvo. <;. l'oiesta, A. Qailiei, J. K. Cavalli, A.
I Venzano, L. Beaten*, V. A. -Morbio, Ing. K. Pa
: trize, Dr. C. Masoero.
HARMONY NOW ASSURED.
Alamedu BepublieMU Have Come to an
Amicable Agreement.
Oakland Officb Sas Fbakcisoo Call,)
iX>B Broadway, June 3. >'
Harmony is now assured in the Repub
lican ranks of Alameda. From 8 o'clock
last night till after 1 o'clock this morning
the two factions of tlie Republican party
were engaged in coming to an agree
ment.
The new Third Congressional Commit
tee met last night and considered the
proposition made by the old committee
last week.
The meeting was very lively at times
and it was very evident that a few mem
bers of the new committee were deter
mined not to yield anything for the pur
pose of harmony, but were determined to
stand upon the rights they won at Sacra
mento and yield nothing. The majority,
however, prevailed ana toward midnight
each of the existing differences was dis
po«ed of with two exceptions.
W. R. Davis was the leading champion
of harmony, sind his suggestions Generally
prevailed. " There will not be two prim
aries, and there is no dangerof there being
two district conventions.
The appointment of election officers was
adjusted amicably, and this having been
done the main contention arose over the
place for holding the convention.
The argument on this point was long
and lasted till after midnight. At that
hour W. It. Davis went to consuit with
George de Golia, who is representing the
old committee.
The consultation lasted over half an
hour, and when he returned he reported
that the two remaining differences would
be settled linally next Wednesday night.
The other point still In dispute is the
number of pollinj»»p!aeea that shall be
ordered. This will ba based upon the vote
for Estee, though just how has not yet
been decide).
The call tor the primaries will probably
be issued by the new committee and will
embody all the concessions made by and
to the old committee.
The primaries will be held on August 15
and the convention on August 22. The
meeting adjourned at 1 :30 this mornine.
SANTA CLARA GRADUATES,
Degrees and Awards Conferred
Upon Students at the
College.
Interesting Features of the Forty-Fifth
Annual Commencement
Exercises.
SANTA CLARA, Cat.., June 3.— Santa
Clara College's forty-fifisii annual com- I
mencement exercises began at Exhibition :
Hall on Monday evening with the presen- '
tation of a literary, musical and dramatic |
entertainment that was highly enjoyable
to the large assemblage present. The in
troductory address of John A. Sage was
followed by an oricinal essay entitled
"Cuba," delivered by T. 11. Robinson.
Hugh Gearin recited "Tue Man Deserved
It," and Arthur Henry followed with a
declamation, the subject being "The Prin
ciple of Religious Liberty Demands It."
The Santa Clara College Choir rendered a
pleasing solo and chorus, and the piano
d vet of Frank Evans and Felix Galtes, as
well as the trio of piano and cymbals by P.
j Heney, C. Fitzgerala and F. Galtes, was
well presented. E. Leake's cornet solo
I was excellently rendered, and the rollege
! orchestra, under the leadership of Pro-
I fessor Fr. Schubert, performed a series of
instrumental selections at intervals during
the evening. "Scenes from Henry VI I 1"'
was the dramatic feature of the evening, !
j the characters being very creditably en- |
I acted by the students. Thedistribution of
j premiums for class distinction was the j
' linale of the evening. -i
The college banquet yesterday was fol- j
lowed by the annual meeting of the ;
alumni association, at which the following ;
officers were elected for the ensuing year:
President, E. M. Lorigan, S. B. '82 of San- \
ta Clara; vice-president, L. A. Sage, S. B. |
VJ7 of Saratoga; secretary, George A. !
Sedgley, 8. B. '67 of" Santa Clara; j
treasurer. H. E. Wilcox, A. B. '80 of Sim
Jose; executive committee — Rev. JoMpta
W. Riordan. S. .)., president of Br. r.a
Clara College; J. M. O'Gara, A. M. of '98
of San Francisco: C. Welch, A. M. '!M of I
San Francisco; C. F. Wilcox. A. M. '7<> of
San Jose; Dr. G. W. Fowler, S. B. '88 of 1
Santa Clara.
The evening's reception at the College
Hall was made instructively attractive by !
a scientific lecture entitled "Glimpse of
Some of Nature's Wonder?," the first part
being delivered by J. F. Emery on "Gla
ciers,'' followed by C. Fleming, whose sub- !
ject was "Rainbows," electric-screen pro
jections illustrating the descriptive delin
eations of the speakers.
The announcement of awards was as fol- j
lows: The Nobili medal, an annual prize j
of $00 founded in 1876 by Joseph A. Dono
hoe of San Francisco in honor of the tirst
president of Sante Clara College, Father
John Nobili, S. J., to be given to the stud
ent who shall be drerned first in morals,
obedience and general application to
study, was awarded to James A. Emery;
next in merit, Joan A. Selby; distin
guished, Leonardo Sandino, Robert Hig
gins.
The junior Nobili was awarded to John
B. Welsh; distinguished: Arthur Preli,
Joseph Connahan, William Chute.
The Archbishop's medal, for the best
examination in Christian doctrine, was
awarded to Louis Ramirez; distinguished:
Francis Farry, Francis Evans, Raymond
Haley.
The Donahue medal, an annual prize of
$50 founded in 1883 by P. J. Donahue of
San Francisco, to be given to the student
who has made the greatest progress in the
Latin and Greek languages during the ses
sion, was awarded to Paul Galtes; next in
merit, Henry Gaglielmetti; distinguished:
Robert Higgins, Louis Ramirez, Francis
Farry.
The McCann medal, an annual prize of
$25, founded in 13f4 in memory of Daniel
J. McCann, S. B. '84, was awarded for the
best paper on "Abraham Lincoln and
Slavery" to William Chute; distinguished,
Roy Skelly.
The owl medal, for the best paper on
"The California Missions and the Missions
of Santa Clara," was awarded to Hugh C.
Gearin; next in merit, John J. Burke;
distinguished, Joseph Kegli and Thomas
McCormac.
The degree of bachelor of arts was con
ferred on James A. Emery of San Fran
cisco, M. 11. Steffani of San Jose and
Joseph Berella of Santa Clara.
The commercial certificate was awarded
to Leonardo Sandino of Guatemala and
John J. Sandino of Guatemala.
DAGGETT'S MINT
AND HIS MINE,
Both Worked Together for
the Superintendent's
Good.
QUEER METHODS USED
Robert Earnett, Formerly Chief
C'erk of the Mint, Has-
His Say.
REASONS FOR HIS DISMISSAL.
Dec'ares Daggett Wishei to Compel
Him to Sell His Santa Rosalia
Stock.
Superintendent Daggett of the Mint is
again in trouble in connection with his
Sonora mine. Several months ago, it will
be remembered, when Congressman Ma
guire made his charges against Daggett,
the Santa Rosalia mine figured promi
nently, but the matter soon blew over and
Daggett was more or less vindicated.
Additional charges have been made by
Robert Barnett, who was formerly chief
clerk of the Mint, from which position he
was discharged only a few weeks ago. At
the time of nis discharge neither Superin
tendent Daggett nor Mr. Barnett had
much to say. Now, however, Mr. Barnetl
has made and forwar*ded to Washington
an affidavit which contains many imer
esting revelations concerning methods em
ployed at the Mint.
According to Barnett's affidavit, when
the Santa Rosalia Mining Company was
formed he was made secretary of the com
pany, and, in consideration of having
formed the corporation and of serving
twelve months as secretary without pay,
he received 11,000 of the 100,000 shares of
stock.
The mine became more and more valu
able, and Superintendent Hagnett began to
buy up, quietly and even secretly, as much
stock as he could. He persuaded Barnett
to turn over to him 5500 shares, in consid
eration of Daggett having assisted in the
formation of the corporation and lending
I his name to the enterprise. Then, it is
[ averred, he bought L'OOU shares from George
1 F. Bfcveridge, although he had told Bar
nett that he did not wish to buy any of the
stock.
As the value of the Santa Rosalia stock
advanced, Da^gett became still more anx
-1 ions to buy up as much of it as possible.
Under pretense of wishing not to have
the Mint mixed up in the Sonora-mine
business, Daggett persuaded Barnett to re
s-ijrn as secretary o^ the company, although
i when the election of officers was held,
\ Mint officers were elected to the positions
of president, vice-president and superin
tendent of the mine.
"I now fir rely believe," continues Bar
nett in his affidavit, "that he (Diggett) is
tiie party who has been trying t<> nuy my
stock, and finding that he could not do so
determined to force me to 3ell it by dis-
I missing me from my position as chief
: clerk of the United States Mint at San
i Francisco, knowing that my salary was my
; only source of income."
NEW TO-DAY.
THIST"
WEEK.
This week we put the prices of Shoes to
the lowest notch; it's a bigger drive than
j last week, and last week saw some wonder-
-1 ful bargains. We like" to see a customer go
I away with that surprised, happy look. We
! know he will come again. That's what wo
are mating those "Drives" for.
FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.
$1 50 Ladies' Tan Southern Ties, cloth
top 95c
For this week only.
I $150 Child's and Misses' Kid Foxed
button, cloth top, patent tip, ex-
tension sole, spring heel, sizes 8
to V/ ... 75c
For this week only.'
$1 2-3 Child's sizes of above, sto V/i- ■ • 65c
For this week only.
j $2 50 Ladies' Fine Dongola Kid But-
ton, patent tips, pointed or nar-
row square toe $1 40
For this week only. -;_•
$2 00 Boys' Veal Calf Lace or Button
Shoes, all 5ize5....: .......... ....$1 15
For this week only.
$3 50 Men's Calf Genuine Goodyear
Welt, lace or Congress $1 85
For this week only.
We cannot pay charges to the country on
"Drives." '
Headquarters for Buckingham <t;ilecht's Fine
Shoes. Bend for catalogue. . Mailed free.
Kast's
738-740 Market Street.
J*~ Quality and
i price are the ex-
'i tremes on the
STANDARD
Shirt thermome-
l ter.
,00- . M'"y One is the
highest possible
point, the other
the lowest pos-
sible.
I All dealers,
c ~,.^K»,»
JtrTosT
0 N-Bj
//I I M*BK I
(J '^f B yy §N?itf6n'.x?rw?'ffl IT~TWl T~TW
: Wncn ordering please nielli ion Call.
.— '■-- . ■-
;■' ■'•" '. NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
OPENING WEEK
OP OUR —
Great Sacrifice
vJivuL «JCI^I lll^v
UjjJjnAnlilJlj OiiJuJul
Intending buyers of Dry Goods or Cloaks will find it a DECIDEDLY
PAYING INVESTMENT to take advantage of the PRODIGIOUS REDUC-
TION w<th which we inaugurate our Great Sacrifice Clearance Sale, the un-
usual earliness of which enables those who are away on their vacations
when it generally occurs to share with our regular patrons in the EXTRA-
ORDINARY MONEY-SAVING OPPORTUNITY presented, and we say "Ex-
traordinary Money-saving Opportunity" advisedly, because it is not a sale
of old, out-of-date merchandise, but is a genuine clearance of NEW AND
STYLISH GOODS OF THIS SEASON'S PRODUCTION
AT CDTS TO FORCE THEM OUT SPEEDILY!
LADIES' CAPES!
.A.t 75 Cents.
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES, of tan, navy and black cheviot, and Single Capes of tan,
navy and black ladies' cloth, neatly braided, no contrasting colors, worth $2, will
be closed out at 75c each. %
At fi1.43.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPES of tan, black and navy ladies' cloth, neatly
braided, neck finished with niching of ribbon and lace, worth $3 50, will be closed
out at $1 45 each.
-A.t d 1.75. >.'",v'. : '- ; <
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPES of ladies 1 cloth, in shades of tan, navy and
black, neatly braided, worth $4 50, will be closed out at $1 75 each.
j&.t 52.85.
LADIES' FULL RIPPLE SINGLE CAPES of twilled cheviot, in black, tan and navy,
embroidered in contrasting colors, niching of ribbon and lace, worth $5, will be
closed out at $2 95 each. - ;! ' i
AA, 53. 50.
LADIES' SHORT RIPPLE CAPES of black velvet, lined with twilled silK, neatly
braided, neck finished with ruching and bow of satin ribbon, worth $6 50, will be
closed out at $3 50 each.
LADIES' JACKETS!
.Ajt £51. 00.
LADIES' JACKETS, made of plain and mixed cloaking; also small sizes in sealette;
worth ?4 and $5, will be closed out at $1 each. ,
At 52.30.
LADIES' JACKETS of black, tan and navy broadcloth and serge cloaking, plain or
trimmed, worth $7 50 and $8 50, will be closed out at $2 50 each.
At S3.SO.
LADIES' JACKETS, made of tan, brown, .checked and mixed cloaking, pleated or
.rippled back, latest cut sleeves, worth ?6, will be closed out. at $3 50 each.
At 53.00.
LADIES' JACKETS, made of fine cloaking, brown covert cloth, tan and gray mixed,
; latest designs, worth ?7 50 and $8, will be closed out at $5 each,
LADIES' SUITS!
jA.t di.oo. ,r-.;.V
A great variety of ODD SUITS, including Bloomer and Outing Suits, in double-
breasted and blazer style, worth $3 and $4, will be closed out at $1 each.
J\.-t 51.50.
LADIES' BLAZER SUITS of summer-weight materials, in melium and dark shades,
worth and ? 5, will be closed out at $1 50 each.
A.* $2.50.
LADIES' SUITS, in blazer and Chesterfield styles, made of cheviot and mottl-d
materials, in dark and medium shades, worth $5 and $6, will be cosed out at $2 50
each.
LADIES' SKIRTS!
A.t 53.. 50.
LADIES' BLACK FIGURED ALPACA SKIRTS, all lined, finished with bias vel-
veteen, worth $3, will be closed out at $1 50 each.
u9ut 52.30.
LADIES' BLACK AND NAVY CHEVIOT SKIRTS, all lined, finished with bias
velveteen, worth $4 50, will ba offered at $2 50 each.
-A-t 63.98.
LADIES' BLACK FIGURED WOOL SERGE SKIRTS, all lined, finished with bias
velveteen, worth $0, will be closed out at $3 95. '
CHILDREN'S JACKETS.
At di. oo.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS, made of blue, tan ana red checked cloaking, from 4 to 12
years, worth $2 75, will be closed out at |1 each.
GREAT REDUCTION SALE!
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, 58 inc"hes wide, good grade, was 35c I Qfif*
; a yard, reduced to | wvU
CHECK GLASS LINEN, 18 inches wide, heavy solid weave, that was 10c I n\ a
a yard, reduced to. | 040
% DINNER NAPKINS. 21 inches square, bleached solid Irish linen, that I CkXn
were $1 50 a dozen, reduced to . | «/t)l3
PURE IRISH LINEN HUCK TOWELS, extra large and heavy, size 21x I -| ~ n
44 inches, that were 22'i'c each, reduced to • | l'Olj
TWILLED BLEACHED HOLLERING CRASH, 18 inches wide, Irish I . ni n
linen, well made, that was 10c a yard, reduced to | 040
BELFAST DOUBLE WARPED BLEACHED TOWELS, large size, well I Ol^
made, that were 12^c each, reduced to | O3U
CHECKED AND PLAIN CENTER RESTAURANT FRINGED NAP- I Aft n
KINS, the large size, 16x16 inches, that were (We a dozen, reduced t0. .. | ' tcvU
REAL INDIGO PRINTS, the best cloth, and all new and desirable, that I Ap
were Bj^c a yard, reduced to | 'iv/
BEST GRADE PEBBLE DUCK TAILOR SUITING, broken cases, all de- I Ol^
sirable, that were 15c a yard, reduced to | 030
NOVELTY TAFFETA LISSE. in rich Dresden colorings, new and stylish, I n\
that was 15c a yard, reduced to . | I 2^
CRINKLED ORE POX SEERSUCKERS, the real woven fabrics, full line I rj\
of styles, that were 12}£c a yard, reduced to | 12^
BLEACHED PILLOW CASING, 46 inches wide, that was a yard, I n\
reduced to | I 2v3
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, nice styles, 3 yards long, fully fin- I £*£ ~
ished edges, that were $1 a pair, reduced to | OO\j
FINE LAMB'S \VOOL WHITE BLANKETS, the good-grade family I© 4 Q/k
blankets, extra size, that were $7 a pair, reduced to | $:r.i;U
NOTICE— No samnle3 of above given. Country orders filled in the most satisfac-
tory manner, considering the probability of quick closing out of some lines. A second
choice in selection should be given.
T ATVnW W A T^TQ Our recent GIGANTIC PUR-
LAiJIJL^ U lllMJllJtl WAIOIO. CHASE of Ladies' Summer Waists
comprising all the latest fashionable shapes in SILK AND WASHABLE FABRICS,
will be closed out at about half price.
I B/ar^^ MURPHY BUILDING}) /
(/(/ Intel Street, P6PI Jones, /
910
FERRY FARES
ARE TOO HIGH,
Southern Pacific Charged
With Unjust Dis
crimination.
SHOULD BE FIVE CENTS
Attorney Clunie Points Out an
Alleged Violation of the
Constitution.
STKEET CAR JURISDICTION.
Formal Request Made of the Attorney.
General to Test the Matter
in Court.
Two very important matters came up
for consideration before the Railroad Com
missioners yesterday.
One is of direct interest to all who use
the Southern Pacitic Company's ferries
and local trains between San Francisco
and Broadway, Oakland. This looks to
bringing about a reduction of single fares
to 5 cents between the points named on
all lines operated by the Southern Pacific
Company.
The other subject acted upon was in
connection with the Market-street Hail
way Company of this City. A resolution
was adopted bringing one step nearer the
final determination of the question of the
commission's jurisdiction over street rail
roads. This resolution requested Attor
ney-General Fitzgerald to take such pro
ceedings as would compel all street and
electric railroads to make reports to the
commission.
In compliance with this action of the
board mandamus proceedings will be in
stituted in the Supreme Court, and the
issue made so as to cover the whole ques
tion of jurisdiction.
All the members of the board were pres
ent when Chairman La Rue called the
meeting to order shortly after 1 o'clock.
In the matter of the communication of
O. W. Krause of Los Angeles, stating that
he is a stockholder of a Los Angeles rail
way company and that he is being dis
criminated against in the matter of passes,
Commissioner Stanton humorously sug
gested that Secretary Newman write the
gentleman, calling iiis attention to the
clause of the constitution prohibiting dis
crimination against per.-ons and places,
and the suggestion was adopted.
After the commission had heard the
reading of the complaint of the San Diego
Property Owners' Union charging the
Southern California Railway Company
with wrecking its road between Fallurook
and Temecula by tearing up the ties and
tracks, the secretary was instruc:ed to
wrke to the company and ascertain the
facts and if the "company intended to
abandon the road.
Next on the list of communications was
one from Andrew J. Clunie, which at once
absorbed the interest of the members of
the board and all present. It charged dis
crimination in the pa-senirer rates oetween
here and Oakland and asked the commis
sion to compel the railroad to con:p y with
the constitution. Mr. Clunie's iettrr in
full follows:
Section 21 of the constitution of the State of
California provides:
"No discrimination in charge or facilities
for transportation shall be made by any rail
road or other transportation company between
places or persons or in trie facilities for the
transDortation of the same cla>hes of freight or
passengers within this State, or comma; from
or going to any other State. Persons and prop
erty transported over any railroad or by miy
other transportation company or Individual,
shall be delivered at any station, landing or
port, at charge.- not exceeding the charges for
the transportiou of persons «nd property of
the same clasp in th-j same direction, to any
more distant station, port or landing. Excur
sion ana commutation tickets may be issued
at Epecial rau-s."
This provision of the constitution is being
gros-ly violated by the Southern Pacific Com
pany in the matter of Ita charges for local
travel between the City and County of San
Francisco and that pan of the city 01 Oakland
lying west oi Broadway in said city.
This company is engaged in running two
lines of ferries to Oakland, one known ns tne
creek route, which runs from the water front
in the City and County oi San Francisco to the
foot ot Broadway street, O k<&ixi, the fare ior
passengers on this route being 5 cents per trip.
Tne other ftrry starts Irom U;e water f rout
in the City and County of San Franc sco and
lands at the extreme west end of Oukland,
where ptss< ngers are transferred from the
ferry to local trains and then transported to
their destination. Between the landing of
fcHid ferry and said Broadway in Oakland, at
the foot oi which passengers on the creek
route are delivered, are many important sta-
Tne fare charged by the company on ihis
line to any < 1 stations is 10 cents, or
double the amount charged on the creek rune
for delivery of a passenger ai tin- foot of -a;<i
Broadways and all of sai<l stations west "i
Broadway are ft Less distance from the City and
County of Sun Francisco tb on thefuot of Itioad
way, at which said station of the creek route
is located.
Both ot these lines run in the same direc
tion. The same stare of facts exists in the
tninsportation ol passengers from Oakland to
S.m Francisco. On the creek route transporta
tion can be Had from the foot of Broauway,
Oakland, to San Francisco for 5 cents. On
the other route from Broadway r-nd by stations
west of it in Oakland the iare to San Francisco
is 10 cents.
1 respectfully request that your honorable
board take suetj action in the premises as mny
compel obedience by thtn company to the fun
damental law of the State.
Commissioner Clark moved that a copy
of the letter be sent to the Southern Pacitic
Company, and that the company be asked
why this discrimination was made. The
motion was carried.
Chairman Laßue suggested that a copy
be also sent to the Attorney-General, and
that he be a-ke i if the restraining order of
Judge McKenna now in force applied to
this case.
Attorney Clunie addressed the board,
staling that this was a case of discrimina
tion and not a case necessarily of makirnr
a reduction. He said steps sho.ula be
taken to punish the company for a viola
tion of the law prohibiting discrimina
tions. He addpd that he thought ts.e
matter ought to be referred to the Attor
ney-General to ascertain if it wa« a viola
tion of the constitution, and also if to
reduce rates wouid be a violation of the
Circuit Court restraining order.
Commissioner Stanton declared he
would like the investigation of the com
pany relative to the matter to begin at
onoe, and said he was willing to take his
chances of being cited for contempt.
"Tnere is some danger tnpre. doctor,"
remarked Commissioner Chirk, the cau
tious protector of the railroad's interests.
"Well, I wouid not mind a stay on Al
catraz or s >me oihcr nice resort," replied
btanton with a smiJe.
"But I can't see how we can ask these
railroad offi; ers to come here pending the
injunction," n.terposed Chairman Laßue.
•'I think we can order an investigation
of their affairs, so long a« we do not at
tempt to r*-duce rates," rejoined Commis
sioner Stanton.
At tin- t>oint Mr. Clunie called attention
to th( fact that a delegation was present
from Ash bury Heights and that they de
sired to bring the matter of reduced street
car fares before the commission. He asked
if an opinion on the mattero; the comrms
-ion's furiadicion baa ■ o ? ■■' from
the attorney and was informed that noth
ing had been heard from that source.
Chairman La Rue stated that in a con
versation he had with the Attorney-Gen
eral that pentlem.in said he thought the
commission ought to pass a resolution
aski'isi him to commence proceedings
again«t the Market-street Company.
Commissioner Sianton thought the At
torney-GenenU had had time enouuh to
give his opinion, and he was in favor of
taking i tie matter up at once.
i mie a*ked to have the matter so over,
lit- said he understood that the Attorney-
General woUid decide that the board has
jurisdiction. "If it has not," he stated,
"then ihe board is entirely in the hands of
the Legislature." He added that he was
prepared to submit all the evidence neces
sary to show the financial standing and
operation of the .Market-street Company,
as he had a complete transcript of the tes
timony taken in Jttdg Wallace's court
during the past week or more.
Ihe .liscussicn was turned from this
Channel to aliow the reading of a commu
nication from the Oakland, San Li-andro
and Haywards Electric Railway, in which
the company stated it had some time since
abandoned the freight business, but was
ready to submit a report of Its affairs as a
street railway to the commission as soon
as the question of the jurisdiction of the
boar ; over such companies was decided.
Commissioner La Rue then returned to
the Market- street Railway Company
proposition, saying it was the determin
ation of the board to get the information
it required regarding tnis corporation, and
with his object in view, he introduced the
following resolution:
Whereas, The Board of Railroad Commis
sioners did, on the 14th day of April, 1896,
pass a resolution making an order requiri;:fc
all street and electric railrond companies op
erating such ronds in t!ie State of Caliiornia to
report 10 this board a statement in detail of
their business, us set ortta fully in said reso
lutiuii at a dale fixed therein; and, ■whereas.
Bald street and electric railroad companies
have refused '.o make such report as requested
and required by this Board of Commissioners;
now, therefore, be it
Saolved, That this commission do report the
above proceedings to the Attorn ev-General of
the State of California :nd request that he
proceed to take such action as will compel
said street and electric railroads operating in
this State to report to this commission, as re
auired by law and said resolution above re
ferred to.
Chairman La Rue said that the Attor
ney-General wanted something of the sort
passed.
Commissioner Stanton opposed the reso
lution, as he did not consider it broad
enough to cover the matter. He said it
j might be decided that the commission had
j no right to ask for reports from street rail
j roads anrl that the main issue as to the
i juried ction of the commission in the mat
i ter of regulating fires might be entirely
ignored. Such a result would delay the
settlement of the matter.
Cl:trk seconded ttie resolution.
Stanton favored taking immediate action
jon the proposition to reduce streetcar
| fares, and called attention to the fact that
j the restraining order of the Federal Court
C >vered only the Southern Pacific Com-
I any and that it did not apply to the Mar-
Kot-street Railway Company, which was
an entirely different corporation.
The resolution was put to a vote and
adopted, Stanton voting against it.
Secretary Newman read the report of
the Wilmington Transportation Company,
the first steamship company to make a re
port to the commission, and then Commis
sioner Sianton moved that the secretary
be instructed to prepare a list of all the
wat«*r transportation companies which
had failed to make reports to the board,
forward the same to the Attorney-General
and that the latter be instructed to com
mence proceedings against the recalci
trants. This was unanimously carried.
A resolution was also passed asking the
Board of Examiners to provide funds with
which to pay the ei'-enses of the recent
trial before judge McKenna.
Adjournment was taken until July 8,
at which time Mr. Clunie's ferry discrimi
nation charges will be fully investigated.
MANDAMUS PROCEEDINGS.
The Question of the Railroad Com
mission's Jurisdiction Over
Street Roads to B» Tested.
When Attorney-General Fitzgerald was
asked wiiat action he would take in con
formity with the resolution passed by the
Railroad Commission asking him to com
mence proceedings to compel the street
railroads to mate reports to the commis
sion he said tie had not had time to con
sider the matter, but stated that the pro
ceedings would probably take the form of a
mandamus be ore tiie Supreme Court, and
the question would be so broadly pre
sented as to fully cover the proposition of
the jurisdiction of the commission over
street railway-.
.Another Orphanage to Be Benefited.
An entertainment for the benefit of the
Bishop Armitage Church Orphanage will be
riven in the Y. M. C. A. auditoritibi in the near
tuture. An interesting progrtimme ha> b,en
arranged. Mis Funny Kppstt-in will take part
arid she will be Hoisted by numerous friends.
The tickets Kn- Jo Cents each and may bo ob
tained at 831 Fu.tou street or at the door.
h-- Cloning t nl ' rtai urn' nt .
Ihe last concert for the season in the mem
bers' course of the Toting Men's Christian As
sorintion will take place in the auditorium
of the association building, Mason and JEilis
streets this (Tl.ursdnyj eveiunc, and will be
(tiven by the ''!;iekering Wale Quurtet and the
Philomel Qiinrtet. An excellent programme
will be presented-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
SEVEN GRAND OLD
SPIRITUALISTS,
Mrs. Katherine Parrish
Gives a Unique Tea
Party.
YOUTH IS AT A DISCOUNT
No Lady Under Eighty Is Con
sidered Worthy of Any
Attention.
AGES AGGREGATE 567 YEARS.
The Three Oldest Lady Orators in
S^n Francisco Make Bright
Addresses.
Such a tea-drinking has never been seen
in San Francisco, as the one Mrs. Kather
ine Parrish, a spiritualistic old lady, who
has reached the mature age of 82 years,
AT THE OCTOGE.NAR AN BIRTHDAY PARTY.
gave yesterday afternoon at her home on
Eighth street. g
The affair was really given in honor of
Mrs. W. H. Fost, a sprightly dame aged
89, and Miss Elizabeth Stone, who has at
tained the respectable a eof 85. Inciden
tally, however, four other "grand" old
ladies had been invited, and they were all
there bright and early, lone before the
giddy young thing 3of 60 and 70, and the
thoughtless young ladies of 40 and 50, who
made up the bulk of the guests, came
strolling with that careless disregard of
time which is a characteristic of youth. It
is true that some of the nuests were on
what is poetically called the "sunny"
side of 25, but they were mere infants, and
scarcely counted. Even guests of 40, or
thereabouts, acted on the principle that
children should be seen and not heard, and
watched admiringly while ladies of double
their age orated, laughed and drank tea
witu a gaiety and verve that would have
done credit to their great-grandchildren.
In addition to Miss Stone, Mrs. Post
and Mrs. Parrish, the oldest iadies present
were Mrs. Herring, Mrs. Vero, Mrs. Dr.
York and Mrs. Cowden. Mr 3. Parrish,
tne giver of the feast, said that in some
cases these ladies mi^rht feel a certain deli
cacy about naming tlieir exact /ears:
"It is possible that they still iiavea-pira
tions to get settled in life," she observed
facetiously, "and those of them who have
husbands would not want to shock the !
poor man by telling how old they are."
It was not denied, however, that the ag
grega c ages of these seven ladies
amounted to 567 years— that is to say
their united spans of life if multiplied
by ttiree would almost date back to the
fisrt century ot the Christian era.
Mrs. Katlierine Parrish was the gayest
young lady in the whole assembly at 28
Eighth street yejuerday afternoon. A
gentleman who sent her a bouquet told
her so and she merrily twitted the "girls"
about the compliment. As for flowers
there were so many of them that they had
to be turned over to an ante-room at last,
for the recfption-room was not large
enough to hold them all.
Mrs. Parrish had given her party in
honor of the birthdays of Mrs. Post and
Miss Stone. All three ladies are orators
and can speak with the fire of youth — in
deed Mrs. Parrish was considered one of
the brightest speakers in the Young
Woman s Suffrage Club about a year ago.
Being called upon yesterday for a speech
she immediately rose to the occasion and
said:
"Ladies, especially the elder ones, you
have conferred a great favor upon me by
being present to-day. This is probably
the last ume we -h:ill meet on this side of
the shore. As we have trimmed our sails
for the other side we need have no fear in
going over there." The speaker went on
to say that the presence of >o much age
ami beamy had rather taken away her
mental faculties, altnough she immediately
disproved th s statement by showing a
number of interesting treasures — a dish
brought across from Holland in the seven
teenth century by her ancestors, a quilt
made out of a silk dress bought in New j
Orleans sixty-live years ago ami a number i
of other relics. Mrs. Parrish concluded by
stating her rirrn belief In spiritualism.
"I have been a church member all ray
life until two years ago and always ieared
to die; then I became convinced of the
truth of the spiritualistic philosophy and
I liave no ieur now."
Mrs. Post made a graceful little speech,
which was much applauded, and Miss
Stone tola how she became a spiritualist,
many years ago.
Among the junior ladie* present were:
Mrs. M. E. Fair, Mrs. E. A. Kidd, Mrs.
Laura de Force Gordon, Mrs. D. Tread
weil. Mis. D. Winzell, Mrs. W. L. Owen,
Mrs. Lizzie Mellor, Mrs. M. F. Sully, Mrs. J.
Wheeler, Mrs. Bichford, Mrs. Lorint; J.
Sebey, Mrs. Lucy Rickoff, Mrs. Mac Cord,
Mrs. Verve, Mrs. S. W. Butler, Mrs. Annie
Garrick, Mrs. Manning. Mrs. Hendncks,
Mre. Dr. Treadwell, toe pioneer lady
dentist.
ASSUMES FOOTE'S PLACE.
Barclay Henley Will Assist Schleasinger
in the Prosecution of Dick
Williams.
At the instance of the Federal Grand
Jury, recently adjourned, the Attorney-
General has appointed Barclay Henley to
assist Mr. Schlessinger in the prosecution
of Dick Williams. This action is due to
the fact that Williams is defended by the
District Attorney's brother. Mr. Henley
was sworn in by Judge Morrow yesterday
and will at once proceed to familiarize
himself under Mr. Schlessinger's guidance
with the matter before him.
Incidentally it may be remarked that
Charles Favor, accused of impersonating
an officer and extortion, was released on
$500 bail furnished by Lee Chontr and
Jerome Millard yesterday afternoon.
When Favor's bail was reduced from $1000
to $500 the statement was made that the
accused man would turn State's evidence,
in an effort to implicate Inspector bleary.
The claim is now made tha^ Favor not
only has no intention of turning State's
evidence, but tbat he will ni.iKe an effort
through his friends to have the d part
ment at Washington appoint some one in
the plnce of Mr. Foote to prosecute this
particular csbc The reason set forth is
the supposed close iriendship existing be
tween the District Attorney and Special
Agent Moore.
CHARTING THESE WATERS
The Arduous Work of the Coast
Survey in San Francisco
Bay.
Soundings Show That the Cl'annels
Have Dr'd»ed Themselves a
Greater Depth.
The work of surveying the bay of San
Francisco, which has been progressing un
der the direction of the Hydrographic
Office at Washington for the past year,
after having suffered interruption in con
sequence of the detailing of the two
steamers Gedney and McArthur to act as
stakeboats on the trial trip of the Oregon
in Santa Barbara Channel, is to be re
sumed as soon as some minor repairs can
be made on the two steamers.
Nearly all of the bay, only excepting
the waters in front of the City front, have
been surveyed and the results forwarded
to Washington. For the present the up
per part of the bay will be worked upon
from a line extending from Fort Point to
West Berkeley north to Mare Island.
The survey is a work of magnitude and
is d ependent upon conditions of wind and
weather for raj id progress.
The vessel must steam slowly from point
to point, the sounding being accurately re
corded, the height of the tide noted, and
the bearings of the shoals or depressions of
the bay bottom correctly observed. From
this slow and arduous labor charts are
made which must be compared with the
work of. earlier years, that changes may be
fully ascertained.
During the present survey several hith
erto unknown obstructions to navigation
have been discoyered and chart* red spe
cially on theMarin County shore. Tne final
report will recommend that some meas
ures be taken to remove them.
The last hydrographic survey of the bay
was made in 1882, and the opinion was gen
eral among navigators that tho present
suivey would show a decided shallowing
of the d pth which was then recorded.
Captain Osborn of the Gedney says that
the contrary has been found to be the case,
and that the Day is uj questionably deeper
than it was fourteen years ago. On the
Shenandoah shoals, north of An^'el Island,
where tie survey of 18,»2 showed a depth of
only three feet at low water, there is now
fully six feet, and in every snoal so far ex
amined the same r^suit has been shown.
The greatest denth yet discovered is
seventy fathoms, directly opposite Fort
Scott, where the bay is "narrowest. The
strongest currents are in Raccoon Straits,
whicn at times run ten miles an hour,
creating the dangerous c idies that every
navigator of the upper bay distinctly
avoids. To form some Mea of the work
which is done by the surveyors, it has
been found neces-ary to take no less than
27,000 soundings in the space running
from Point Bonita to the Alameda shore
and not over one mile in width.
The most difficult part of the work has
been surveyed, but Captain Sanborn is of
the opinion that fully two years' more time
will be required in order to complete it.
DETECTIVES NOW
HAVE A "CLEW."
Murderer Blan-her Writes
and Tells Them Where
He Is.
CLAIMS TO BE INNOCENT
Accuses Dr. James Scott of Kill
ing Mrs. Philipina
Langfeldt.
HE PROMISES TO SURRENDER
But He Will Do So Ooly if Assured
That His Liberty Is Not to
Be Curtailed.
There are no buzzards hovering over
the dead budy of Josef Blanther to indi
cate its location, as in the case of his fel
low-murderer, Dunham. The festive Aus
trian ei-oliicer cut Airs. Philipina Lane:
feldts throat on the night of May 15 in
this City, and, in the coolest manner possi
ble, he washed his hands of the whole
affair, including the blood of his victim,
and quietly slipDed through the fingers of
the astute detectives in Captain Lees'
corral.
The latter have sent out hundreds of
circulars describing the murderer, each
having two portraits of the man who is
wanted and a copy of Governor Budd's
proclamation of a $1000 reward for his
capture and conviction.
From the most recent developments
Blanther does not propose to be hunted
up and found by buzzards. He wants to
give the detectives another guess as to nis
whereabouts, to see if they can do better
than before.
What purports to be a letter from the
murderer has been received in this City
and is now in Captain Lees' possession.
It is postmarked Atlanta, Ga., May 28.
1896, and declares boldly that the writer,
J. E. blanther, did not kill Mrs. Lan_feldt,
but that he is now on his way to Cuba,
where the real murderer, one Dr. James
Scott, has sought refuge and where he
proposes finding him in order to bring
nim Dack, dead or alive.
But, according to the writer of the let
ter, should he fail to capture this Dr.
James Scott he will return to this City
anyhow and stand trial on the charge of
murder.
There is but one condition imposed,
that he be not placed under arrest or his
liberty curtailed in any way before or dur
ing his trial. Be is satisfied that he can
present such a strong case that acquittal
must necessarily follow a judicial hearing.
Captain Lees, as well as George Dodte,
who was Blanther's friend, believes that
the letter is genuine; but they likewise be
lieve, from the statements made therein,
that Blanther is as big a liar as he is a
bold murderer.
Reviewing the many statements in the
letter, evidently made to prove his inno
cence, Blanther speaks of his having
spent the night of May 16 in a hotel on
Washington street, Oakland. He had
gone th^re, so it is stated, not to sleep but
to think over the situation, as he had
been apprised of the murder through read
ing Saturday's afternoon papers. In these
he nad seen his name in big type as the
murderer, and having no means to pro
cure bail preferred to keep "shady."
Then, again, his visit to Oakland that
evening was for the purpose of discover
ing Dr. Scott to hand him over $100 which
he had obtained by selling two diamonds
the physician had given him the day
previous.
Captain Lees sums these statements up
briefly :
"They are lies," he says. "Blanther has
no doubt seen some of tho publications
about himself and the murder case before
we got on his track. He does not know of
subsequent events and he makes state
ments we can easily disprove.
"For instance, he claims to have been in
Oakland on the night of May 16. That is
not a fact, for the ticket which was re
turned to this City from El Paso shows
that it was purchased Saturday night, the
16th, at Martinez. Blanther rode on that
with Conductor Bell clear to Lcs Angeies
and continued his trip to El Paso.
"As to Dr. James Scott, there is no such
man. The name is fabricated.
"The man is unknown to the Kleine
bergs, where Mrs. Langfeldt lived, and they
were personally acquainted with all the
old lady's visitors.
"No, Blanther is the true murderer, rob
ber of the dead woman, hjs victim, aim the
mat) who, having secured the diamonds,
handed thi m over to George Dodge to
borrow money on them as collateral."
Captair. Lees does not believe, as is
stated in the letter, that it was ever writ
ten on the train eastward bound. The
writing is tine, regular and executed with
a fine steel pen. His idea is that some
where down south Blanther penned the
letter and gave it to some acquaintance
made on the train with instructions to post
it in Atlanta. The letter is not dated ex
cepting by the postmark on the envelope.
"1 do not care to say wliere I believe
Blanther is," stated the detective, "but I
do not believe be mailed that letter in
Atlanta."
George Dodze was seen last evening an
he returned from a trip to Alameda. He
bad just heard for the first time of the al
leged B. anther letter. Said he:
"The fact of a letter having been re
ceived in this City from Josef Blanther is
no surprise to me, as from my knowledge
of the man's chaiacter I expected just
such a thine to happen. I believed, how
ever, that a letter would come to me if to
any one, as I always felt that Blanther,
though he might be guilty of the murder
imputed to him, would make an effort to
communicate with me to give me some
evidence which would prove my entire in
nocence in the matter. I bel eve yei that
1 will hear from him in some manner.
"Of course, I am ready to grasp any
straw of evidence that may tend to vindi
cate a man for whom 1 had a feeling of
strong Iriendship.
"The story which Blanther tells in his
letter — an attempt to throw the crime onto
the shoulders of "Dr. Scott,' sounds ex
tremely flimsy, perhaps, to many, but to
me it expresses a theory that I have al
ways had vaguely in my mind that per
haps there lias been some one else con
cerned in the death of Mrs. Langfeldt.
"That Blanther had met and talked
with a person answering in some degree
the description given in his letter of the
mysterious "Dr. Scott' is a fact to my cer
tain knowledge.
"On two occasions while walking on
Market street in mv company but a few
days previous to the night of the crime,
Blanther had stopped and spoken with a
gentleman who, if there be any truth in
his statement, may be the party he refers
to in his letter.
"1 have carried on, simply for my own
satisfaction, a quiet little investigation on
lines following certain ciews of my own
that m;-y or may not have any bearing on
the ca c. I have for several days been on
the loi kout for the individual whom Blan
ther had met and ta>ked to, but so far
have been unable to find him.
"Of course, the statement in Blanther's
letter that the diamonds he had in his
possession the Saturday after the murder
of Mrs. Langfeldt were eiven him by 'Dr.
Scott' is an acknowledgment that he lied
to me when he said thai they came from
Mrs. Marks, and also that the letter of
author .zation to me from that lady was a
forgery.
"i have no opinion to offer in regard to
Mr. Blanther's truthfulness when he
states that he is innocent of the crime
which has brought his name and mine as
well into such unenviable pr eminence,
but I cherish a strong and lively hope that
he will come back, as he so earnestly
promises to do, either impelled by his
own free will, or by tne strong force which
the police authorities are likely to exert
should he fall into their hands.
"There are several matters I would like
to have him explain."
A BULLET ENDS IT ALL
A, H. Joseph, Formerly a Police Patrol-
Wagou Driver, Takes His
Own Life.
A. H. Joseph, formerly the driver of ttie
California-street station patrol-wagon,
committed suicide by shooting himself
through the head yesterday afternoon.
The desperate deed was committed at the
home of his mother-in-law, Mrs. Lizzie
Wolf, 419 Union street.
Up to a few months ago Joseph held a
good position in the police department.
He contracted evil haoits, however, re
suiting in the loss of his situation, as well
as the affection of his wife. He refused to
contribute anything to the suuport of his
family and a few days ago the wife left
him
Yesterday noon he went to the house of
Mrs. Wolf and going directly to a room re
served for him ended his life by putting a
bullet through his brain. David, his
eidest son, ran to the room and found his
father still aiive. Officer Jennings sum
moned the patroi-wagon, but Joseph died
before it arrived. A letter addressed to
his wife and reading as follows was found
on the dres>er:
San Francisco, Cal., June 3, 1896.
Gus: I hope thai you are cofftented now
that fam no more. All that 1 have to say is
that you drove me to take my life, and the sin,
ii there is any, will lay on your head, ior it
was tnrough your acts that I have been com
pelled to do it.
If you had listened to me yesterday and had
come home all would have been right. You
know in your heart that 1 tried to do ihe best
for you and the boys tbat I could. I nave
tried to get steady work, but couldn't get it to
do. You are to blame for all the trouble, for it
you had not listened to your mother you
would not have acted as you did to me. I hope
and pray to God to forgive you and to change
your heart.
This morning I wrote you asking you to
meet me. You ignore me as if I was a mad dog.
Try, for God's nuke, Gus, tor with my last
breath I love you still, to stop drinking and
bring up our dear children hon«st and up
right, and don't let the world say that
Joseph's boys had no raising.
Gv>od-by, acd God forgive you for the way
you nave acted to me.
Once more, my be>oved wife, for I love you
the same now as the day that we were married,
1 suy good-by. Kiss the boys for me; God biess
you and my dear boys. Gobd-by iorever. from
your heart-broken hu^and, A. H. Joseph.
Born on the 17th of September, 1841.
MANAGER VINING SCORED.
Judge Conlan Dismisses the
Battery Charge Against
Fred Wagner.
He Characterizes the Transfer Rule
as Unnecessary and an Arbi
trary Proceeding.
Fred Wagner, contractor, appeared in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday morning
to answer to the charge of battery pre
ferred against him by Conductor W. H.
Brewster of the Castro-street line.
Wagner was a passenger on the Powell- ;
street car on the evening of Monday, May I
25. He got a check at Market and Powell [
streets, and as a Castro-street cai was
passing at the time he ran and caught it.
Conductor Brewster refused to accept
the check, telling Wagner that he should
have changed it for a transfer with the
official at Market and Powell, and de
manded another fare. Waener refused,
as he had already naid his fare, and
Brewster and the gripn.an attempted to
eject him from the car. He resisted and
a lart'e crowd gathered and jeered at the
two officials of the company, who were re
enforced by Policemen O'Day, Riley and j
two others. A riot seemed imminent
when Wasner poured oil upon the
troubled waters by consenting to be ar
rested for battery upon the conductor,
although the other passengers protested
that he had not laid his bands upon either
the conductor or gripman.
The courtroom was crowded, and several
of Wagner's fellow-passenners were pres- !
ent to give their evidence in his favor.
The Judge did not take many minutes
to dispose of the case. He read the com
plaint, and without calling for any testi
mony ordered that the case be dismissed. '
"The defendant," said the Judge, "acted J
within his rights in refusing to pay an
other fare or to leave the car. The check
which he received from the Powell-street
conductor was sufficient evidence of the
fact that he had paid his fare, and should
have been accepted by the conductor of
the Castro-street car.
"The cable company has no right to put '
NEW TO-DAY.
i QAIL BORDEN
EAGLE Brand
-CONDENSED HEX.
Has No Equal
SOLD EVERYWHERB
IF YOU ACHE
An /~+ r^T* fl_i f TffcTr^
OR GET HURT
> '■ ;; :■.■■■■ ; ."■.■■*.' V ■-. ->. 1 m-. ■■.. ; ; ■..'..*■/.■ ■ -■-...• ■■-;■■■• "■..-■-."■■ ' '.^ ■■'■■■■.'■ ■*■-."■' '- ' "" £ '•'-
TRY MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
Harmless, Clean, Easy to Use, Always Quickly Relieves
ALL PAIN!
I £ IRS iF"/ffw' s«slilivif^
\^V V V Const'P^ion. It stops all losses by^ day^ o"r nl ff ht. S P,Pv»T' c H
Sh« A written marantiH. given and money returned If six boxes does not en^" 0 "' tPBt "*onW
|1.00 a box, six tat *\OO. by mnil. Send for frkk circular and testitnon?a?«- permanent cur*
Addre- DAVOL MEDICIxNK CO.. "70 Market st^etsan Francisco. Cai. ForsHab,
BKOOKS 1 PHAKMACY, 119 Powell siren*
a passenger to the inconvenience and delay
' of changine a check for a transfer when a
check would answer the purpose. It wai
an arbitrary proceeding and against the
public interest."
MISSION A C ATION.
The Twentieth-Stri>«>t Branch of the
V. M. C\ A Will Be Keopcned.
The Twentieth-street branch of the
Y. M. C. A., which was closed on the Ist
of May, has been reopened an i will
henceforth be known as the Mission
Y. M. C. A., thousrh it will be run inde
j pendently of the main association.
The branch was closed, us it was found
not to be paying running expenses, and
the association is not in a position to run
! anything at a loss that it can possibly
j avoid. The place was leased, however,
j and the association had therefore to take
steps to find a sub-tenant for the lease.
A number of residents of the Mission,
hearing of this, resolved that the branch
would not be closed for long, if their
efforts could reopen it.
On Tuesday nisrht an enthusiastic meet
ing was held there, over which Joseph G.
i Sanchez presided. The sense of the meet
! ing was unanimous in the de-sire to con
j tinue this branch, though it was deter
mined to do so independently of the main
association. A constitution was presented
i and read, though its discussion was re
j served for a meeting which will occur on
i Thursday week.
Dr. Thomas Fletcher was appointed sec
retary pro tern. John J. Spear, State sec
retary of the Y. M. C. A., was present and
assisted at the deliberations of the meet
-1 ing, the members of wnich dispersed full
! of enthusiasm for the prospects of the
; Mission branch.
Walter Golrtaniith Weds.
Walter GoMsmith, tne specialty artist, of the
well-known and popular San Francisco artists
Gilbert and Goldie, was united in marriage
yesterday to Miss Bessie Chase of Holllster by
the Very Rev. Father Prendereast.
»EW TO-PAY.
GLOOM_OR_GLORY
Some Choose the Eoriner and Go
Through Life Complaining,
•
Others Choose the Latter, and Are Fall
of Vim. Vivacity and Manly Vigor,
Which Insures Success in Business
and the Fullest Knjoynient of All
Privileges and tavori Vouchsafe*
By Mature. '
Some one has said that "man is born cry-
i ing, lives complaining, and dies disappoint-
od." This is true in a great many cases. It
is true that most of us come into this
world crying, a condition not easily avoid-
ed, bat the man who permits himself to go
! through life complaining and finally
DIES DISAPPOINTED
has, as a general rule, no one to blame for
it but himself. He may be silently brood-
; ing over some secret trouble that destroys
conjugal love, that tends to separate, hus-
band and wife. Or his liver may be torpid
and inactive, which not infrequently pro-
duces constipation, biliousness, and at times
perhaps a melancholy condition of the
mind. Or he may De dyspeptic, his diges-
tion greatly impaired if not almost entirely
i destroyed, as is sometimes so, by chronic
| catarrn. Or a terrible syphilitic disease
1 may be working its way through his sys-
\ tern and into his blood and bones. Or his
j eye, ear, head, throat, lungs, heart, blad-
der, kidneys or urinary organs may be in-
, juriously aff cted, or some private or sex-
i ual disease may distress or rex him. Be-
! cause of these or sinrlar ailments millions
! go through life complaining, and ulti-
i mately die disappointed in reaching that
I degree of success and happiness which,
j under other conditions of health, they
; might have easily attained. Tnis may be
I your own lot. Then why do you continue
I to suffer and sink ? If you" want to get
I well, to enjoy life, to achieve success in the
| world, to have your
AMBITION GRATIFIED
why not go to a specialist whose great rep-
utation is a sufficient guarantee of a prompt
and perfect cure of every case he under-
takes ? ' One personal visit to his office is
preferred, bnt if you live away from San
Francisco and cannot conveniently call
i upon Doctor Sweany, sit down and write
j him your trou hies in detail. Tell him all
I in sacred confidence, and he will not only
qualify you for the pleasures, duties and
responsibilities of sturdy manhood, but
will give you a new lease on life. To you
he offers the best, most scientific, success-
ful treatment. H» offers you twenty-Qva
years of experience, a lifetime of study
i and research. The Doctor's hours for con-
sultation and treatment are from 9 to 12
A. M. and 2to 5 and 7toBP. M. Sundays
from 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
F L SWEANY M D 737 Market St..
i. L. OtlLHtil, IW. U., g an Francisco. CaL
EERTEIfM?
TS THE VERY WS*i| O.VE.TO KXAMTVB
1 your eyes and lit tnem to Spectacles and Ey£
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled, ily sui>
cess has been dne to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. v. .
■X PATENTS i)
patents! 3
220 MARKET ST.S.F^SSi^
Weak Men and Women
OHOULD VHE DAMIA.NA BITXJSKS, THM
O great Mexican Kerned gives Ht»l;k aad
Strength to the Hexual Organ* «■•■"•■ •"•HUNTSMAN WAS IN LUCK,
Bellringer, the Favorite, and
Arundel Both Fell in the
Steeplechase.
ETENCE AND CUDDY INJURED.
Cabrillo Captured the Handicap, With
the ioo to i Shot Imp. Ivy Second,
Ladies' Day a Success.
There was an abundance of sport and
excitement at Ingleside yesterday, of the |
latter Quantity the hurdle event furnishing I
the major portion. Six jumpers went to !
the post, and but half of that number fin- ;
ished with their riders in the saddle. It !
was a chat>ter of accidents from the out- |
eet. The distance to be covered was a mile
ana a half, with six obstacles to clear. At
the second jump Huntsman struck the
hurdle, and Silvarado, the second choice,
who was almost on equal terms with him,
became entangled with the timber and
went sprawling. J. Owens, his rider, per
formed a head spin and a flip-flop, luckily
escaped being trampled on by bis mount
end walked oft the track. Matters then
progressed smoothly until the fourth jump
was reached. Racing at full speed on i
equal terms, Bellringer, the 6 to 5 favorite, !
and Huntsman took the leap together.
The first choice made a mistake and
turned a summersault that would cau-e a
horeetrainer in a circus to have a lit. Fol
lowing a coupie of lengths Lack, Arundel,
the third choice, with Cuddy up, not to \
be outdone, hit the overturned jump aud
slid along the track for about forty feet;
his rider part of the time being out of
Bight. Huntsman went on about his busi
ness and won by nearly an eighth of a
mile with Ksi.erance finishing in the place
about the same distance in front of j)uke '
Steven?. Spence. who rode the favorite, |
ar.d Cuddy on Arundei, each suffered a j
fracture oi the collar bone.
Ladies' day attracted the usual lar^e at
tendance. Many of the fair mce-Koers ! ■
have become initiated into the mysteries j .
of the "dope" book and the tout is "rapidly [ .
growing in disfavor. Imp. Ivy. luo to 1
Bhot, made a great showing in the Handi
cap, finishing second to Cabrillo, and j
'. judging from iv.c cheering that issued i
•'. from the crowded grand stand, was ex- •
ten^veiy backed in tl.ut quarter. Shrewd
indeed v the new woman, for in the bet- |
ting ring the Austraiiau mare was practi
cally friendless.
Three favorites, three second choices .
and an outsider captim-d purses, and as ,
ail were well supported»the crowd enjoyed '.
a very profitable day's outing. Coady and
H. Martin divided the riding honors, each I
piloting two winners to victory.
Eight members of the two-year old divis
ion were rirst to answer the bugle call. ■
The Pueblo stable's filly, Dura, held sway
in the betting at 3 to l), with the Whistle j
Jacket colt, Howard S, next in demand at i
11 to 5. Laura Burt was fractious at the j
post, but ;; fine start was nnaily accotn
plisbed. The latter-named filly was first !
away, and with Torpedo le i the way into !
the stretch, when Torpedo cried enough.
The first choice overhauled Laura litirt at
t;,e pmiJuck, but could not stall off the
challenge of Howard S. who won cleveny
by three parts of a length in :"■
The wise ones figured that the tpreckels
entry, Olive, with ixi pounds in the saddle,
was a "moral" for the mile handicap, but
the mare did not appear to be in her best
form and they were doomed to disap
pointment.
The 3 to 2 second choice, Cabriilo, with
■ a his head, were first into j
the stretch and the result looked to lie j
between the pair. Cripple tired nearing i
the wire and gave way to the 100 to 1 ,
chance, imp. Ivy with Shepard up. In
the drive the outsider gave Caoriilo con
siderable of an argument, being beaten
out but three parts of a length in lAl)i.
The favorite was unplaced.
Those two good sprinters Major Cook
and Levena C met in the third race, over
f.x furlongs, and some lively bettine en
sued in the ring. The Major opened at 3
to 5, but so much coin went in on the
mare that he receded to evens. Later J
there was a reaction and the Major went
to the post at his original opening odds,
with 3to 1 against Carroll's sprinter. The \
result was a duel through the stretch be- |
tween the pair, resulting in a decision for
the Major by a head in 1:1.3. Linville, a
20 to 1 outsider, finished strong, taking
show honors.
The Spreckels stable set up another fav
orite in the fifth events over six furlong*,
under selling conditions, only to be bowled j
over. The handsome black filly Therese j
opened at threes and was played down to
U to 5, Don Gara. who opened at Bto 5, re
ceJed to !'• 2 to 1. Of the other starters;
. Little Tough was backed down several
points from 25 to 1, as were Jerome S and
Ix>nnie B. The field ran well bunched to j
the stretch, with the favorite in the lead.
Soon after she tired and fell back. Oppo-
the paddocK Don Gara, Jerome S and
Little Touch drew clear of the others and
fought it out, the first-named colt down
ing Jerome S a nose, with Little Tough
three parts of a length further away.
The race following, also at six furlongs,
with twelve horses of a trifle better class
starting, was another bitterly contested
run. On past performances there was
hardly a starter that did not look to have
a chance of annexing the long end of the
purse. Marven, at '6)4, was first in de
mand, with Sea Spray, Heartsease, En
. ciao, Circe and Afflatus fancied in about
the order named. Schnitz was away first,
and maintained his advantage gained at
the start until well into the stretch, where
he was headed by both Marven and Hearts
ease. The pair run locked past the stand,
with Marvea getting the decision by a
nose.
W. L. Stanfield's fast mare, Miss Gentry,
captured the final event of the day, an
other six-furlong affair, in a drive from
Nervosa. She went to the post a2%to 1
favorite, and won by half a length. Abi P
took third place from Howard, the second
choice, on which Williams put up a very
poor ride.
TRACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS.
The size of Joe Piggott's head, which
some racegoers think has assumed undue
proportions of late, was reduced
somewhat yesterday. He was fined $100
by Starter Havey for disobedience
at the post, and at the conclu
sion of the sixth race his criticisms on
the ability of the judges to decide a close
finish reached the oilicials and he was in
definitely suspended. Joe's elastic imagin
ation overestimated a kind employer's
patience.
In the palmiest days of his fantastic
acrobatic gyrations at the post Pescador
was hardly a marker for the erratic and
cranky Heartsease. Yet she is tolerated
and the entry of the one-eyed horse is re
fused. It is an injustice to the other
starters to keep a big lieid at the post, with
a chilling v.md blowing, simply because
one ugly brute will not break, and the
Inglesi'ie management should reject her
entry in future.
It is a pity that turf rule? will not allow
the officials presiding in the stand to give
a decision that will permit of the holder
of a ticket on each and every horse start
ing in a race to cash the pasteboard. After
the finish to th*» third event, which was
taken by Major Cook in a good head finish
With 1, ---vena C, a number of disgruntled
individuals, who evidently had been gazing
•'■ at the finish through empty beer bottles,
■gathered around tho stand, and tried to
persuade Plggott to go into the stand and
;-. argue the point with the judges tnat the
• blacK mare made the wire first. Ever
since the opening of the present meeting
•" Judges Wilson and Leake ' have had a
number of very close finishes to pick, and
to c:ose observers stationed in advanta
geous positions outside of the stand, they
have yet to err in placing the winning
horse.
Leonville broke down in Monday's race,
ami it is said will never be able to face the
starter again.
Little Joe Weber rode a fine race on the
back of his brother Johnny's geldinr, Lit
tle Cripple, and if he continues improving
will soon be in as great demand as his two
elder brothers were before they became so
heavj'.
To see Levena C fighting for the coin at
odds of 3 to 1 was really invigorating, and
it is to be deplored that she" did not beat
Major Cook.
Ducey Charged Wiili Murder.
A Coroner's jury yesterday formally charged
Peter I'ueey with the murder of Miss Katie
Keever, who died at her home, 917 Howard
street on May 27 from a gunshot wound in the
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
pacific Coast Jockey Club. Ninetieth day. Wednesday, June 3, i 896. Weather fine.
■ Track good.
1 *^0 •tU'-ST RACE— Four and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds: purse !J4OO.
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Inzleside Track.
In races where the horses have no record »t the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are grlven.
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •.about.
THE SAN FRAX^ISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUKE 4, 1596.
head. The inqyiest brought out little that vras
new. Mrs. Annie Ross, who lives in the house,
testified that she heard Dticey say to his aunt:
"Now, I have asked you twice and I will ask
you again. Do you want me to blow your
brains out?" Immediately following this came
the report of a pistol. Diicey in his own be
half swore that in a strusrgle for a pistol which
he had the gun went ofl accidentally and shot
her thrdugh the head. The jury found that
the deceased rune to her death from a gun
shot wound inflicted by Peter Ducey, adding
the rider, "We, the jury, charge said Peter
Ducey with the crime."
Battered by Women.
Mrs. Beatrice Gillisran, 37 Shipley street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Low's court
yesterday, charring Miss Kate Fitzgerald, Mrs.
Kate Smith, Mrs. Nellie Volts and Edward
.Fitzgernld with battery. Mrs. Gilligan said
that on Tuesday evening the three women and
Fitzgerald, who ar.i her neighbors, came to
her house, and, while Fitzgerald held her hus
baud, the women tore her hair, scratched her
iace and beat her with their fists. She had to
be taken to the Receiving Hospital.
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
-'--^ being one of the wonders of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE SEW SWIMMING TANK. .
A Positive Cure, for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 810 TO Sl5 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to tln> Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address nil correspondence 'to ' BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. F., or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal. . . l •
PACIFIC COSGRESS SPRINGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER «n«l WINTER
RKSORT IN CALIFORNIA.*- ,
lOCATEI) IX A CANYON OF THE SANTA
XJ Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, ahont 1000 feet above
sea level. No fo?, no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 450 feet south.-
Large Double Room*. With Private
Bat liroom*.
PURE SPRINO or the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATER of the alkochaly-
beate class: very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, skin
and nervous affections. Indorsed and recom-
mended by all leading physicians.
HOTKL. COTTAGES, NEW NATATORIUM.
ALL modern Improvements; electric bells, tele-
phone and telegraph: good stables.
RATES, $10 to $15 per week: only 2% hours
from San Francisco, via 8. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. J. F. PFETCH , Saratoga, Cal.
* Jg^l||l| HOTEL ■
WK» VENDOME
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more Inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it is enjoying deserved patronage and
i prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
. — ,
*"*■*. The Hotel
Jfe|ffl Corner 13th
Jefferson Sts
)^g^s ;^P- Oakland. Cal.
| IS ONLY 45 MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCIS-
! -Leo. a superb climate. No winds or oars. Unex-
celled table service and general appointments.
Oukland has the best roads in the State for wheel-
ing.
Families deslrinz to leave the city without in-
convenience to business should write for SDecial
summer rales and illustrated pamphlet.
RICHARD M. BRIARE. Proprietor. ,
SODA 6AY_ HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKK
is most picturesque. soda Spring Is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boat in? and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has jus:
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort, and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked lifter. Krc ■
camping grounds, A coach will connuct with the
daily stage from Pleta and • Highland Sprint?*,
Adam*, Hnleler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco, S)-5 50; roun-1 trip, *10. Spe-
cial rates for families. <;. B. WYatt, proprietor.
Soda Hay, Kciseyvllle, Lake County, Cal.
EulMSm< i^St wi§s ■ mi. <df I'j #£9- ' CESs v^ ' f*^ifl!aBKsH
M^tKß .v /)) ( « v «'/ — W "^ '/ V*' ! \\i>\ r&¥ft?M
l&gKKya T-vEST with a big B. Blacltwell'B Genuine Bull^^qßHjKfafok.
Hgj|pgS r"^ Durham is In a class by Itself. You will find one
jjff2^jj *—' coupon inside each two ouuee bag, aud two cou- TfflTjiff~L
t" v '"%'l Buy a bag of this celebrated tobacco and read the coupon— Ely
K{^aB which drives a lis tof vaiuabla preseata aud how to get them. .^dflljSßßHr
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake,
LAKE COUNTY, OA.T-1.
DO YOU ENJOY A BT7PBBB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn teunls. croquet, billiards? Do
you like fine bathing, boating, bunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? (shortest stage
route into Lake County.
All thU and more can be had at Highland
Springs. ->-..-.:;;
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco.
From san Francisco It costs only $8 for the
round trip, and th« hotel rates are *1 SO to $2 50
per day or $10 to $le per week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. Hallway via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CUAIG, Manager.
."■an Francisco office. 316 Montgomery St.
TOUR VACATION !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
- Go where monotony is 'impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods! *
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Ca!.,
Now tinder the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN E. CIIACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. . It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in. a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress . J. R. CHACE,
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
"Absolutely the finest fishing In the West."—
Forest and Stream. - „ : , j
LAKE TAHOE. ■
TALLAC HOUSE.
THE BU.UMF.R RBBOBT OF CALIFORNIA.
The entirely new hotel open ihis season. Hotel
and ground* lighted by electric lights. All modern
improvements. Kates $15 to $21 per week.
Tahoe Inn, Tahoe City.
OPEN UNTIL NOVEMBER L
RATES $10 TO 14 PER WEEK.
Groat reductions in fare to Tallac this season.
The steamer " 'Inline " carries its patrons free of
charge to and from all points on Lake Tivhoe.
Kound trip ticket trom San Francisco, Oakland,
San .lose. Lathropand Stockton. sl6: Sacramento.
$13 s(>: Santa Uarbara and Los Aneeles, $3H 50.
liny ticket to Tahoe City only, thereby saving
$3 on trip.
M. LAWRENCE & CO., proDrietors.
Pend for illustrated circular.
For route and further information Inquire Of
■Southern Pacific Company's ticket office.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. H. R., via Hausalito ferry.
Train leaves at 1:45. Hotel Cnzadero rates,. slo
to 14 per neck; Elim Grove Hotel rates, $6 to $8
per week: tents, $3 to $5 per week, send lor cir-
cular.
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor,
Cazadero, Cal.
CI» TAYLOR/HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, narin Co., Cal.
tVirst -'"class accommodations: de-
r lightful climate for camping; dancina: pavilion,
croquet and lan n tennis: fine trout fishing, bath-
Ijjk Mini swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; posioilice, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 ami $12 per week.
VICTOK W. KKATJSS, Manaeer. :-.'
JOS. V. BKlt ill A ND, Proprietor.
City oKice, 112 Taylor st., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. m.
SEIQLER SPRINGS,
X. \KK COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN TIIR
L year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at southern Pacifo offices, $10: special
conveyance daily. For inforn ation address JOHN
BPAULUING. belgl^r Springs, Lake County, Cat.
When writing for further particulars to any of the health or
{Resorts in these columns kindly mention tho CjtJLjC.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place Where the Invalid Can Surely
.Regain Health— Where the Tourist
May ltegale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Kest, ltefreshuient and. .Relaxation.
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A Knral Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed in '-iirmi'iiis
of Matchless Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never Lifts Hia
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
Natures Own Fountain.
rriAKE 8:15 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
X Third and Townsend streets, SVa hours from
San Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
Ufa* Stage connects with train from Third and
Townsend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
SMTA CATALISI ISLISO.
Augmented Attractions for. Season 1896.
XTNEXCELLED FISHING, : DELIGHTFUL
U coast excursions, tally-ho staging, wild Roat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open, Island Villa In July.
For fall information, illustrated pamphleU and
rates, apply to • :
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
■ • • 222 South Spring St., Los Angeles, CaL
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS.
L. B. I'rusier, Manager.
Over 4000 feet elevation among the pines. Na-
ture's Game Preserve. I Beautiful scenery, purest
air, coldest water, good shooting: tine trout fish-
ing near by; regular mail; table supplied with the
best In the market: vegetables from our own gar-
den; good home cooking and home comforts: ac-
commodation from 20 to 30; season opens Jute 1.
Distance and fares— Buy round-trip ticket, $12
(unlimited), at office of S. F. and N. P. Railroad.
Rail 10 Ukiah, thence by Berryhills popular stage
Hue via Potter Valley «o banhedrin. Room and
board $1 per day. Guide (when wanted) $"2 per
day. Saddle horse (when wanted) $1 per day. No
other charges, .For further particulars address L.
R. FRaSIER, Sanhedrln, or LAUD'S UN-
STORK, 9 Third St.. San Francisco.
MARK WEST SPRIGS,
.... t
The Gem of Sonoma County.
■ Nine miles lroni santa Rosa.
TVT ITn ITS BE-AUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
•'» bor; the place where you feel at honif. Table
first class. Croquet, Billiards, Shuffle-board,
1 Swings, Swimming-pool. Dane!:;? Pavilion, Fish-
ing and hunting. Terms, $10 and $12 per week.
Special rates for Clubs and large families. Round
trip, $3 75. Baths free to guests.
.-•--■ ' FRESE& JUEROENSEN.
TT I Cm Ci HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
11/ All II V County, only 4y 2 hours from
\SvUltlt\ San Francisco; but 9 miles
■1 |\ fl I I II 1 1 fitntriiisr: new road through
MIIXIVI VI wJ canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130" Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquitos and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. M. or 3:80 P. M. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall and express.
Rates sl2 a week; baths free.
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AX IDEAL PLACK FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: nOßtaning: mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda "prlnsjs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-clas3. Send for circulars. t
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Kecngnlzed Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountain!).
.Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
Ing. New dnncln? pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. Staire at Mad rone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC PONCELET, Llftgas. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 riiles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
\J cream and milk : free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUTi'RINCJEK. seavit'w, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRUSE & CO., 207 Front St., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars.
INVERNESS.
TNVEP.NESS, MARIN COUNTY— CAMPING
JL privileges to rent, and lots for sale; situated
on an inland bay; good beach: salt-water bathing;
water 15 degrees warmer than any other resort
on the coast; beautiful drives: tbootinc and fish-
ing; within 2 hours of San Francisco on the North
Pacific Const Railroad, stages meet trains. Apply
11 to '£ daily, 331 Montgomery street, room 51.
ASTORG SPIIIiOISEIAL WATER.
THE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
JL cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by thousands in four
months in this city, no agents. A. ASTOKG, 108
Fifth St., sole proprietor; Glenbrook Hotel, Lake
County, one-quarter mile from spring, has privilege
of the water. ■
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IX THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
X Mountains: hot and cold magne:io baths; nun
ing and fishing; cottages tor families; stage meets
morning train; terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH
I.IMISKY, i.lenwood, Cai. ■
MOUNTAIN SPRING FARM
WILL BB OPEN 1 FOR BOARDERS JUNE 1.
»T Write for particulars WM. J. ROSS, proprie-
.tor, Oakvllle, Napa County, Cal. ■ . - ..
SPEND YOUR VACATION AT
. LAUREL GLEN FARM.
Fine spring water, plenty milk, cream, fruit and
home comforts. Particulars apply MRS. V. STU-
BKNRAUSCH, box 159, Napa, Cul.
SUMMER BOARD AT BUBLIH6AHE.
Redinzton Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Addre55... ....................1RA G. HOITT.
V, : ■-; Holtt's School reopens August 4.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK, bISKIYOC COUNTY, cal., a
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EDSON BROS., Proprietors.
A. 33. 3VEo3VE.A. ( I > ZZ'S.
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
hunting and fishing where game of all klnas Is
plentiful, take the S. F. and N. P. H. R. to Ukiah,
Berryhill stage to Potter Valley, McMath's stage
0 11'uUviUe. 1". O. address, liullvUie, Lake Co. Cai.
Easier Now
On account of the new stage arrangements to get
to and from
/ETNA SPRINGS.
Take 7 o'clock Southern Pacific train to St.
Helena; stage leaves there at 10 a. m., stopping at
Angwins for lunch, but no Ion? walls as in the
past. • Returning, the stage leaves the Springs at
10 a. it.— no getting up at sa. si, Unlimited round-
trip tickets, $7. Rates, $10 to $14 a week. For
further Information call at 318 Battery st., San
Francisco, or address W. i.. MITCIIiiLL, manager,
Lidell P. 0., Napa County, Cal.
nan m i #% c% Hur vura;
11 ■■■■■■•• health.rest.pleas-
ore, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
bed*, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and lishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paralso stands unsurpassed in the Male. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a.m.
dally, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, .*H. Seven
miles by stace. Telephone and PostoMce. " For
illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1896, address IS. KOB&RTSON, Manager.
MPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famoui Mountain Spat
Have You Bekv There Latelt?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passt-d. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Nnpa Soda water baths. Telephone and PostOtUce.
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New Improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. Au ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delignt: husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
P. O.
WHEN UKIAH
VISITING VJI\.I/\II
BTOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FOKSE & SONS, PROPKIETOR«.
mil I IS TH F. NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
I hotel in Ukiah, and it is headquarters for
tourists.
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
nil trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
GO TO mm SPRINGS,
rnWO MILES FROM HOPLAND, MKNDOCINO
X County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral water* in the state. Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths;- new modern hotel; 250
feet above the valley; fine view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free ous
to 7:30 train from san Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms. $10 per week.
O. HOWELL, President.
Telephone at Postoffice.
EL BONITO HOTEL
•VTOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOR THE
-L\ season: salt and fresh water bathing, huntinc,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc. : terms
reasonable, j Q. W. MORGAN,
Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co., Cat.
WAI STABLES ASD STAGE COIP.IIY
\\r 11. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOOD TOR
*' • outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. Vichy Springs stage mees all
trains. Daily stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga Springs and Upper .Lake.
SUMMER BOARD NEAR OILROY.
A PLEASANT, HOMELIKE RESORT: ELK-
JA gam climate, fuhing, hunting and scenery.
Low price.
Terms of W. T. TROMBLY, Gllroy.
WHITE OAK FARM,
NEAR CLOVERDALE-SPECIAL ATTEN-
xM tion given to table: terms $7 per week. For
particulars address W. H. Hi ATT. Cloverdale. Cal
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
ACTIVE LOCATION; PLEASANT
jtA. rooms: fresh fruits, strawberries, cream, chick-
ens, etc., all raised on home farm. For particulars
and terms address box 85, Sebastopol, Sonoma Co.
UNI'K VISTA— THIS DKLIGHTFUL RE-
sort in the Sierra pines is now open to guests:
terms reasonable with free carriage to and from
trains. Send for illustrated circular descriptive of
scenery, climate, table ana the new attractions of
1896, to C. E. KINNEV, proprietor, or C.
HAZARD, manager, Dutch Flat, Cal.
HOTEL VICTORIA, BONORA, CAL,, THE
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland: altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
l: I si in, lessee.
T AUREL DELL HOTEL. ON LAIfKiSLDELL
-Li Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— This pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
sou with many improved faculties for entertaining
pleasure-seekers; boating and bathing free; no
pains will be spared to provide a good table; terms
$8 to $I'J per week; route S. F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare *5: round trip $9 50. Address H.
WAMBOLD, Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County .Cat.
TT OTEL DEL MAR— OS THE SEASHORE; 20
Xi minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled: surf bathing; sailing, row-
Ing, fishing; buse* meet all trains; children, $2
to $5 per week: adults, $9 per week; special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
11OTF.L DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building. S. F. • ■ . ■■ ' •■
HOTEL LA HONDA— AMONG THE MANY
attractive summer resorts none offers more
genuine pleasure than La Honda, 17 miles from
Redwood City, remarkable forcllmate, fishing and
hunting, camping, comforts and pleasures. Tickets
fo.- the round trip via S. P. R. R. and Knight's
stage line, $4. MRS. I. J. SEAK3, La Honda, Cal.
RIVERSIDE RANCH— ON THE BANKS OF
Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
doclno County: round trip, 39 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishing, hunting, bathing nnd boating un-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County.
LUX LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open: many new Improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. ■ good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. P., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
~a~T BELMONT. .BAA MATEo" COUNTY,
J\. board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEX.BeImonu
/DAMPING— TO LET, 4-ROOM COTTAGE, $25;
\J big cent with 5 beds, $20: finest place in Ross
Valley. 'lso3 Geary st.
C-AUSALITO— A BARGAIN: DOUBLE HOUSE
0 of 6 rooms: bath each. THOMAS PENLING-
TON, 405 Montgomery st., room 6.
1 JROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM;FINK shade;
I' plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. . Address Brookslde, Napa. .
/"IYPKES3 LAWN FRUIT FARM— GOOD TA-
U bio: home comforts. T. H. EP' KY. Nana.('al.
.»*jdgJfJEBb»ig«j* m C! ' r "'" , a non-poisonous
*£4GQMa?*^^(sfc3a remedy for . Gonorrhoea,
<I|eet, Spermatorrhoea,
jPsSSgy in l to 5 lava.'W Whites, unnatural dia-
BpW Gn»r»ntee<i V charges, or any inflamma-
ft«B»J| no' to «trieiur:. tion, irritation or ulcera-
8P meteitnta contagion. tiou of mucous mem-
ff7!»VHEEv*NS Chemic<lCo. Cranes. Non-astringent.
WfIP^CINCINNtTI.Q WESBB Sold by iirueeUtH,
NQIBOk USA >3mm or * en ' ' n Pl a ' n wrapper,
j^HSbfe/ ' wo*3l by express, prepaid, for
-^fff llfc i ffffi « 1 - 00 . or 3 bottle 3, ?J.7\
•^^nHr* v M Circular seat w, r / >nast^
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
Si -M.MAKV OK THE MARKETS
Sugar lower.
Silver firm r.
Wheat lower. Barley dull.
Oats inactive, but firm.
Corn dul . Rye lower.
Hay about the same.
Beans neglected.
Potatoes weak. Onions firm.
Vegetables 111 better assortment.
Choice Batter firmer. Cheese weak.
No change In Eggs. .
Poultry plentiful and dull.
Cherries keep up.
Peaches sell fairly.
Other Fruits about the same.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions quiet.
Coul steady.
CUSTOMS COLLECTIONS.
Local customs collections during May wer«
$369,740, against $457,900 in May, 1895. For the
first live months of the year they were $2,251,777, j
against .$2, . i], ooo. for the same period in lb»J.
COINAGE OF THE MINT.
The local jvint coined during the first 11 months
Of the fiscal year $22,13 .490. agninst $23,090,067
for the same period In 1895. This year's coinage
consis:s of Sly.' 10.000 in Double Encles. $447,600
In Entiles. $305,500 Hall Eagles, $750,-)OO in Dol
lars, ffil 9.490 in Half Dollars and $65,000 in Quar
ter Dollars.
THE GENERAL SITUATION.
Henry Clews' New York circular says Of the sit
uation: "Wall street is stili held in complete sus
pense by the excitement and uncertainty attend
ing the approach of the political conventions. The
market Is entirely in the hands of the professional
operators, who under such circumstances find sell-
Ing most congenial, so that the predominant ten
dency is toward a slow decline in prices. Outside
those political conditions influences are on the
who favorable. It is true the export of gold con
tinues, but Wall street has not taken that factor
very • rionsly. and there are indications that the
movement will soon come to an end There is
also au absence of return of securities from Eu
rope; which is rather remarkable considering the
agitation of the iree coinage Issue in the election*.
"The railroads also are doing well. Managers
generally report a good business and encouraging
prospects, and are makin? liberal provision for ac
commodating the coming crop movements The
ear. lings make a good showing compared with last
year. which is the more gratifying as a year ago
the business was upon an increasing scale. In
the mercantile business the conditions are varied,
some trades reporting a fair movement, but at low
prices, while I'thers are full of complaint. The
dry «oods distributors especially find 11 difficult to
move off their season's stocks and have to adapt
prices to the conditions Of ample stocks and a slow
demand. Ihe iron trade is very sluggish; the re
cent raising ot" prices by the combinations having
put a very severe check upon the demand. Taken
as a whole, however, the material conditions af
fecting the market would probably admit of a gen
eral rise in stocks, were it not for the chilling
enects if political uncertainties."
THE CO AI. TRADE.
The private circular of I . Steuart gives the re
c- lpis of coal at this port thus far this year at 542,
-100 tons, acainst 563,300 tons during the same
time in 1895, and says: "Notwithstanding the
continuance of the strike at the Australian coal
mines or the Newcastle district, prices of coal have
imt as ye 1 been affected in this market, owing prin
cipally to the fact of Enclish anthracite and bi
tumlnous con', (chiefly the farmer) hel-itr offered
ipment at low prices, and abundant supplies
Colombia being always Obtainable at
reasonable rates assures this market against any
scarcity of coal.'
Explanation.
The arrow flits with the wind. The top figurM
•t station indicate maximum temperature for the
lays: those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth*,
during; the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; lao»
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hleh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In the interioi
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in [he vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result-
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Ukitkd States Department of Agricoi/-
Turk, Weather Bcrfau, San Francisco, June
3,1896,5 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
torecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 51. TO.last season 46.33; Red Bluff 22.43,
last season 29.71: San Francisco 21.25, last season
25.70; Fresno 8.16, las! season 14.67; San Luis
Obispo 17.70, last season 26.04; Los Angeles
9-35, last season 16.10: San Diego 5.93, last season
12.20; Vuma. Bß, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Rnreka 64, Ked Bluff 72, San Francisco 59,
Fresno 78, San Luis Oblspo 68, Los Angeles 70,
fan j)ieto6l, Yuma 96.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 59,
minimum 48, mean 54.
"I he pressure Is highest along the California
coast, from which section it diminishes to the
Rocky Mountains. Cloudy weather is reported
throughout California, from San Francisco north
ward, and throughout Nevada and the .States
northward to British Columbia. Light showers |
occurred along the coast, from Cape Mendocino i
northward, and conditions are favorable for their
continuance.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, June 4, 1896.
' Northern California— Fair in the south portion:
generally cloudy in the north portion, with
showers along the northern coast and in the ex
treme north portion; fre h southerly to westerly
winds.
southern California— Fair Thursday: fresh west
erly wind.
Generally cloudy 1 hursday.
Utah— Generally cloudy Thursday.
Arizona— Fair 1 hursday.
ban Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy Thurs
day; brisk to high westerly winds in the afternoon.
W. H. I! ammon, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. June Stocks during the
early session to-day were characterized by weak
ness, but in no case did the decline amount to ai
much as a point,. London and the foreigners gen
erally were seller* of our securities, the passage of
the Butler bond hill and the activity of the free
silver men having been unfavorably . construed
abroad. The foreign sales included St. Paul,
Louisville and Nashville, Heading and Nashville,
Heading, Kansas and Texas, Texas Pacific, Erie
and Chicago and Northern Pacific bonds. In ihe
aggregate, however, the sales were only moderate
in .volume, -and In an ordinarflv active market
would not have been noticed at all. The loss dur
ing the morning hour was eqna to ' j@% per
cent, -u-'?.r, Leather preferred, the Grangers, Gen
eral Electric and Louisville and Nashville leading.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMbbLoCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1954.
BICAKCH OKI'IC'K
61-3 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828.'
J. S. l'l'BUV, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGU. PRIVATE WIRE. KJSW YORK.
When the shorts discovered that very long stock
was coming out they tried to cover, and the de
cline noted was generally recovered. The upward
movement was stimulated by Washington advices
that the House would kill the Butler bill, the small
engagement of cold for shipment to Europe to
morrow, and the favorable report of the Rock
Island road for the year. Bay State Gas was the
feature, and Jumped 2% to 27 on statements that
the objection of the Governor of Massachusetts to
the pipe line bill will be provided tor and a new
measure substituted, !-ugar and Leather pre
ferred were notably firm in the late trading, and
the Grangers and Internationals were in better
request. Metropolitan Traction dropped to 106%,
while Manhattan ranged between 101%@10V!6/ 8 .
Near .the close Tobacco broke to «3% against 65Va
at i he open The slump was due to reports of
another cut in the . price of plug. Speculation
closed about firm in tone. Net changes show
gains of VB@%. »>' State Gas. however, ad
vanced 3V* per cent. Total sales were only
117,250 shares. A feature of the day's business
was the increased activity of silver. 140,000
ounces changing hands, tit 6i'(g!69Va- There is a
little better demand for Europ.-sui nccount, but to
day's rise was generally credited to certain manip
ulators who are endeavoring to take advantage of
the prominence given the metal in political affairs
just now to bring about a bull movement in the
ptoduct.
Bonds were weal; and lower. Sale* footed up
■3.2,000. The southwestern Issues were th<?
reatpres. Kansas and Texas seconds fell i*-:'- 0
67, do fours. s,i to :-2y 2 , Tex us Pacific firsts I' 2
to 86 Vt>. do s.-ioiids. iy 20, Chicago and North
ern r citic fives certificates, 2% to 4.; Si, Oregon
Navigation consolidated fives cer. ideates, 1 to 93.
In Government, bonds $23,500 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 116%©llt>*4. and $3000 coupon
fours of 1907 at 109Vii@109^i.
Grain.
FLOUR— Easy: Winter wheat, low grades,
81 70; do fair to fancy, $2 40; do patents, $3 70:
Minnesota clear, $2 45; do siruiis, $2 95;. do
patents, $3 45; low extras, $1 70; city mills,
$4 05: do patents, $4 20: rye mixture, $2 50;
superfine, $1 95; fine, $1 70. Southern fiour, dull,
easy ; common 10 fair extra, $2 -0; good do. $- 80:
Rye flour quiet; easy; $2 40.
COKNMEAL— Eas-'. unchanged: yellow West
ern, *2 05: Brandywine, $2 16.
RYE-Firm; Western, 39 %540c: State, 44% c
BARLEY- Ungraded Western. 38@41c.
BARLEY MALI— Western. 48@53c.
WHEAT— firmer; f. o. b., 72% i: to arrive;
ungraded red, 63@73c; No. 1 Nortneru, 67% c to
arrive.
Options were fairly active a.d firm at %@ 3 /ic
advance, follow the West and on bullisn crop
news with shorts covering. . July and September
most active. June 04c, July 63y B e, August 633/ B e,
September, 655/ c.
CORN— Firmer; No. 2, S3%c, elevator; 34% c
afloat.
Options were dull and closed firm at 1 4@% al
vance on local covering and better West. July
and September most active June, 33% c; July.
343/gc. August, 34% c; September, 35i, a Octo
ber, 36c.
OATS— Spot, fairly active: stronger. ■ ■
Options dull, firmer. June, 23c;, July, 23*4".
Spot prices: No. 3,31*/&e; No. 3 white, 23% c;
Western, 22@24c; do White state, ■J4%@'-U 7 ',) c :
No. 2, 2334 c; No. 2 white, 23% c; No. 2 Chicago,
2334 c.
hti.ED BRAN— SS@6Oc.
MIDDLINGS— 60@65C
RYE— Feed, (50c
Provisions.
BEEF— weak: extra mess, ?6@7: beef
hams, quiet, $14 50: tierced beef, quiet, firm, mod
erate demand; city extra India mess, $ll@i2;
cm meats, quiet, easy: pick bellies, 12 pounds,
41/8°: do shoulders, 414 c; do hams, 9(a9V2C.
LARD— Quiet, nominal: Western steam, $4 40;
city, $4; July. $4 45; Refined, slow; conti
nent, $4 65: South American, ?5 15; compound,
4ta.4&aC
PORK— Steady; unchanged.
BUTTER— active, steady; State dairy,
l(J@lsc; do creamery. ll(g»15%c; Western dairy,
8©llc; do creamery, 11@15%: do factory, 8(5)
lU%C; Elgins, 15% c; Imitation creamery, lU@
12c
CHEESE— Limited demand: State large, new,
sK>@B3,4c; do small, Dew, 4(a;7c: part skims, 2@
a c: lull skims, iy 2 @2c.
i-.i.i; 11 — Firm, fair demand; State and Pennsyl
vania, 12%#13c; Western fresh, 11%@12%c; do,
per case, $2 ld@3.
TALLOW- Quiet, about steady: city, 3%c;
country, 3(&3i/ 8 c-
COTTOKHKBD OlL— Easy; crude, 19c; yellow
prime. 24c: do off grade, 24c.
RESIN— DuII, steady: strained, common to
good, $1 80.
TURPENTINE— Steady: 2614 c.
POTATOES— New. firm, good demand; South
ern, $lia3 50.
RlCK— Quiet; Domestic fair to- extra, 8@534c;
Japan, 4(a4i4C. ■
MOLASSES — Steady, quiet; New Orleans open
Kettle, good to choice, 27@37c
. COFFEE— steady. unci»ns;ed to 10 points up; I
June, $11 95@12; July, $11 55; August, $11 05;
September, «10 66; DecemDer, $10 05@10 20; j
March, $ 1005: April, $9 95. Spot Rio, dull, steady; j
No. 7, 13Vic
SUGAR— Raw. easier, dull: fair refining, 3V4C;
centrifugals. 96 test, 3%c; refined, dull; mold A,
BV*c; standard A, sc: confectioners' A, 4%c;
cut loat and crushed, 55/ 8 c; powdered, 5 1-1 tic;
granulated, sc; cubes, si/± c -
Fruit and Produce.
ALMONDS— None.
WALNUTS— None.
APRICOT: Bags, BV2®loc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, ft 'to, 12@13c; do nnpeelea,
PRUNES— Four sizes, ac.
RAISINS — Two-crown, 3@H 1 / 'g'?: do three-crowu,
4(S. ; ] ,4c: do four-crown, 4V2M>5c: do London
layers, 90c@$l.
HOPS— Quiet: State, common to choice, 2y 2 igl
8c: Pacific Coast, 2%@2%c-
WOOL— Quiet, steady; domestic fleece, 16@21c;
pulled, 15(£,3sc; Texas, 7@l2c
Merchandise.
PIG IRON — Moderatly active; American,
$10 75<ai3.
COPPER-Quiet: lake. $11 40@ll 75.
LEAD— Quiet: domestic. $3 02%-
TlN— Dull: straits. $13 40@13 4&.
PLATES— Quiet,
bPELTKK— Steady: domestic, 84 05.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., June 3.— The trade In wheat
this morning was less than of ordinary signifi
cance: the only transactions, aside from the opera
tions of local scalpers, sufficiently large to cause
passing comment were a few selling orders from
St. Louis. It was not expected that the action of
traders of that .city would be a oca, as the Mis
[ souri crop report giving a reduction of five points
j in the condition of wheat in that State was issued
yesterday and consistency would argue buying
instead of selling. The Ohio report, giving a de
cline of two points, was also said to be out. The
market did not respond to bullish news, however,
■ and while not breaking violently prices were
nevertheless easy and lower. Liverpool cables
were quiet and steady.
I Receipts at Chicago were 12 cars and 22,800
bushels were taken from store. The Northwest
has 373 cars against 262 last Wednesday and 233
a year aco. The Orange Judd Farmer issued its
report to-day. It made the condition of winter
wheat 83.1 against 88.4 a month ago. Spring
wheat was placed at 95.9 per cent and the total
acreage of both winter and spring at 37,000,000.
Alter noon the market firmed, a second rumor on
the Ohio report placing tne condition at 40 per
cent being put in circulation. Closing Paris cables
were unchanged to lower, Berlin was higher and J
Antwerp unchanged. Export clearances were
fair at 342.971 Bushels. July wheat opened from '
56% to 563/ 8 0. sold between 56@56VsC and 571/4®
673/gc, closing at 67i/B(g>s7V.i'\ V2@VsC Higher
than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow
7 cars.
CORN— This market was governed by the ruling
tone of wheat. Any firmness in the latter was !
promptly recognized, while the early predominat- j
ing weakness found equally as ready response. ;
Receipts were 418 c»rs and 145,000 bushels were
taken from store. Liverpool cables were firm and
V4<l higher. Export clearances amounted to 342,
-971 bushels^' The Oranee Judd Farmer gave the
condition of corn as 95.9 per cent ana reported an
excellent promise. July corn opened at 27% c,
sold between 27% c and 28@'_'8VsC closing at 2-ic,
l/4c higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to- morrow, 505 cars.
OATS— Developed nothing new, nor was busi- !
ness in any way interesting. What trading took
place was of a listless sort, devoid of feature and j
carrying no weight or importance specuiatively. j
Receipts were 351 cars and 346,162 bushels were !
taken from store. Export clearances were 93.659 i
1 bushels. The Orange. Judd Farmer reported the i
condition of Oats as 94 1. July oats closed 14c]
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow. 372 cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash: June and July sold at
79.': September. 80@80V2C Receipts were 18 cars.
PROVISIONS— A larger run of hogs than ex
pected partly made up for yesterday's deficiency
and caused an earlier feeling In the market at the
yards. i.-i turn the prov.sion market experienced
a like sensation. The early lack of strength in the
grain markets was also in a measure a weakening
»Hc:or. When wheat rallied product derived bene
fit from the fact. The close was 2%e higher for
Juiv pork, a shade lower for July lard and 5c
higher for July ribs.
BU iTER— butter market was steady to
day. There was a good demand for lancy makes.
Other grades were rather slow. , Prices were
steady.
liUOS— Were steady. Stocks were heavy, and
the demand no: as brisk as it has lately been.
Fresh stock, 10@10%c $ dozen.
MONEY— Was 6% on call and e@7% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 80c premium.
Closing Price*.
WHEAT— June. 66% c; July, 57V8@57i4c; Sep
tember, 58c.
CORN— June, 271/4 C; July, 28c; September,
29c.
OATS— July. 18c:' September, 18s/ B @iß%c.
PORK— July, *7 05; September, $7 20.
LARD-July, $4 17%; September, SB4 30.
lUUS— JuIy, $3 77%; September, $3 92%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., June 3.-The
cattle market to-day was weaker. Receipts were
liberal and demand slow. Early the feeling in the
hog market was firm, but when the demand
slowed down those who had stock remaining on '
hand were obliged to accept easier prices. The de- j
mand for sheep was not brisk, and the tone of this
market showed • less strength than recently. A >
decline of 6c was noted. Lambs 10@25c lower.
• CATTLE — ReceiDts. 15,000. Fancy beeves, i
$4 20@4 30; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound j
steers. $» 95'di-v 10: rood to choice steers. 1800
10 1000 pounds, S3 9034 00; medium steers, 1000
to 2 600 pounds. $3 SO(a,H 65 : common to fair steers,
950 to 1400 pounds. «53 30®3 45: feeders.
I*oo to 1200 pounds. S3 55@3 90; cows and heifers,
extra. $3 f>o<£.3 SJ: cows.' lair to choice, *>2 Mor* j
3 40: cows, common to fair, $1 60(^)2 25: Texas •
grass steers, $2 60@3 HO: ' Texas fed steers. S3 00 i
(3>3 85: Texa3 cows ana bulls. $2 20@3 15; milkers i
and springers, pel head. 820@35; common to
choice stoclcers, 32 80@S 50; bulls, cnoice to extra, I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
82 90@3 25; bulls, poor to cnolce. *2 00@2 75;
calves, good to choice. $4 60@5 20; calves,
common to good. $3 2 5 ("54 bJ.
. HOGS— Receipts, 31,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, $2 90(<t'S 20: common 10 choice
mixed, S3 00(a>3 SO: choice assorted. $3 30($
3 35: light, $3 10C43 40: pigs. $2 75@3 36.
SHEEP— Receipts, 16,000. Interior 10 caolce,
?3 00(34 60; imxiUß, $3 75 art 00. \
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, Ixx», June 3 —The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at open auction to-day
at the following prices: Royal apricots, 83 25 per
half crate; seedlings, $2 20@3 15: Newcastle,
82 15@2 65: Pringle,sl@l 35; Alexander peaches,
i $1 80 per box; Centennial cherries, $1 35@1 85;
i Black Tartarian, SI jO@l 45; Rockport, $1 45;
; Black Republican, $1 40; lUack Bigarreau,sl 35;
Cherry plums. $1 10@l 25 per half crate.
Porter Bros. Company sold a open auction to
day California fruit at. the following prices:
Apricots— (Jold Dust. $H 30: seedlings, $- 40: Roy
! als, $2@2 40: Pringles. $146. Plums— Clymans,
Is 2 80@8: cherry. 90i(ail 45. Peaches-Alexnn
ders. $1 75. <'h rriea— Centennials, $1 40®2 10;
Royal Annes, $1 10@l 75: Tartanans, 95c@l 70:
Rockpoiis, $1 :<o(a.l 45: Ropublitans, $1 05(gil 35-
NEW YOkK, N. V., June 3.— The Karl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at open auction to
day, realizing prices as follows: Black Tartarian
Cherries, $1 60(g>l 65 per box: Rockports. $< SO.
The Producers' Frui: Company sold altfornia
] fruit at open auction in this city to-day as follows:
Biac;< Tartarian Cnerries, $1 15@1 30; Black
Eagle, $1 26.
Porter Bros. Company sold to-day ai open auc
i tion California Cherries at following prices: <sov
j ernor Woods. $165: Tartarlans, $1 lU@l 35:
! Bigarreaus, $1 20.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 1%@2%: last loan at 23
and closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile paper,
4%@5& Bar silver, 688/gC Mexican dollars,
b'A'.-tc. Sterling Exchange is quiet, with actual
business in cankers' bills at $4 87i,4@4 87%
for sixty days and $4 BSV4@4 88% for demand.
Posted rates, $4 88@4 89. Commercial bills,
$4 86Va@4 87. Government bonds quiet; State
bonds dull; railroad bonds weak. Silver at the
board was strong.
CXOSING STOCKS.
lAm Tel & Cable.... 92 Norfolk <t Westrn. 43^
! Atchison 14Va Preferred. ld/4
Preferred 21 3 /4 Northern Pacific... 5
Adams Express ]49 Preferred 151^
Alton, Terre Haute 56 Northwestern 1041/4
Amcrcan Expres3ll4 Preferred 148
AmiricanToDacco. 64 N. Y. Central 96
Preferred 99 N.Y., Chicago*.*. L. 12%
BavStateGas "t ;s /» Ist preferred 70
Baltimore A Ohio.. 17% 2d preferred 29
Brunswick Lands.. % N. Y.<fe N. H 1771 A
l.uffalo, Koch & P. 181/2 N. Y. & New Eng. 46
Canada Pacific 61% N. V., Husq <fc W... >•%
Canada Southern.. 49s, 4| Preferred 23%
Canton Land 50"/ B ;()ntario 13
Central Pacific 14 {Ontario & Western 14
Ches. & Ohio j.51/2 Oregon Improvmut 1
; Chicago Alton 157% Preferred
Preferred 370 Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. <t Q 77Vs Oregon Short Line. 6
Chicago &E. 111... 41 Pacific Mail 26%
Preferred 99 Peoria, D. & Evans V
Chicago Gas 67% Pittsburg & W. pfd 15
Cleve* Piltsbnrg..l63 Pullman Palace.. ..158
Consolidation coal. :S2 Quicksilver. 1%
! Consolidated Ga5. .165 I Preferred. 14
C. C. C. & St. Louis H35/ B ;Readiug f)%
Preferred B'J iKiotiriinde&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel <fe iron.. 27 | Preferred 40
I Preferred 100 iKock Island -69%
I Cotton Oil Cert .... liy* ! Rome WatAOgden.ll4
j Commercial Cable. lso St. L. & S. W 43/«
i Del. Hudson 12434 Preferred iOVi
Del. Lackcfe Westrn. 161 St. Paul 761/4
Denver* R. G 12% Preferred 1273 /4
Preferred 47 St. Paul & Duluth. 23
Pistil lt«rs 17 Preferred 85
General Electric... 33V.ISt. Paul A Omaha. 4214
I Erie 14 Preferred 123
Inferred 34 St. P. M. & M 112
Fort Wayne 163 iSilver Certificates. 68%
(ireat Northern pfdl 18 Southern Pacific... 18^4
! Green Bay i£ Southern R. it 9
]I«rlem 29a Preferred 28ry' 8
Hocking Coal 1% Sugar Refinery 123^
Hocking Valley 16 Preferred 10:-i»/ 4
Homestaka 32 Term. Coal & Iron. 25 Va
H. & Texas Cent... j Preferred 100
Illinois Central 93 jTexas Pacific 7%
lowa Central 8 IToI.A.A.A N.Mich.
Preferred 32% Tol. & Ohio Cent. . . 32
Kansas & Texas. .. 11 Preferred
Preferred 24%Tol.St.Loui8& K.C. 5
Kingston* Pern ... 3 Preferred 6
Lake Erie <fc Westn 17S/4iL r nlon Pacific 7%
Preferred 70WU. P. Hen <fc Gulf.. 8
Lake Snore 140 U. 8. Cordage 614
National Lead 24 Preferred 10
I'referred 88V2! Guaranteed 20
1 Long Island 79 U. S. Express 40
i Louisville*; Nash. 49% U. S. Leather SVa
! Louisville Na&Ch 8% Preferred 63V4
Preferred. 20 U. a Rubber 213 /4
I Mannattan C0n501.102%1 Preferred. 81
.Mei]i|itns& Charls. 16 lutica&B. P.iver..l6o
Mexican Central... 9%|Wab. ts. L. <fe Pac.. 6%
Michigai Central.. 94%' Preferred 16%b
Minn&S. L. iWells-Fargo 98
Preierred Western Union 84{^
Minn <fc St. L com. 17%. Wisconsin Central. 1
Ist preferred 76 Wheeling &L. E.. 9»/ g
2d preferred 46% Preferred 34'
Missouri Pacific 24i/s Am Cotton Oil pfd. 64%
Mobile <fc Ohio 19% W. U. Beef 7%
] Nnshville & Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor
National Unseed.. 15 Preferred
!N. J. Central 104 Brooklyn Traction. 23%
i North \merican... 4^i. Krie 2d pfd 20%
CXOSIN(J BOXD9.
U 8 4s, registered.. 107 34 MX T 2ds 67
Do 4s. coupon 1091/4 Do 4s . 82i£
U S 4s new. regstrilllliJ/VMiuuat Union 65. ..114
Do 4s, coupon. llei lN J Cent Gen 55. ..119
Do 2s 94Vi Northern Paclsts. ll
Do 55....... 112% Do2ds 114
1:0 ss. coupon 112% DoSds 71
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l ßß
Do 1897 10:) Do deb 5s 108
Do 1898 10.1 OK4N 15t».......1101^
Do 1899 100 StUtlronMtGenSs 79
Pacific -is of '95.... Ist L & F Gen 112
DC 3-65s 109i4iat Paul Consols... 131%
Ala Class A4s 107 St P C <fc Pa 15t5... 118
Do Class B 4, 65.. 106 Do Pac Cal lsts..lll
LaConsol4s 98 Southern R R 55... 93
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsts. 86%
N Carolina con 69.. 121 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 20
Do4s 104 Union I'ac lsts '9b.IOHS;
So Carolina 4%5... 106 West Shore 4s. 106V4
Ten new 3s 80 Mobile & Ohio 45.. 6f> /i
Va funding debt... 60 KGrandeWest lsts 76 4
Do registered dies A Ohio 5s 107
Do deferred 65... 6 Atehlaon 4s 78%
Do trust rcpts St. 5 I Do 2ds A 405/ 8
CanadaSou:h2ds. H&SA 6s .. 105
Cen Pac lsts 0f '95.102 i Do2d7s 97%
Den <fc P. G Ist 11l II * Tex Cent 65. .109
Do4s 91 Do con 6s. 100
Erie2ds... 64% Heading 4s 79%
Kansas Pa Consols 71 Missouri 6s 100
Ks Pa lsts Den divlllVi ,
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Esq., June The spot market
is quiet at 5s 3@ss 4d. Cargoes dull at 26s 9d
sellers, on passage.
FUTOBES.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
4s HV±d; July, 4s llVid; August. 4s lli/id; Sep
tember, 4s 11 / id; October, 4s 11 Vi-d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Esro.. June Consols, 113 5-16;
silver, 31i4d; French Kentes, lOlf 97 % c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 883/4
Sterling Exchange, sight.... — 4 89 Va
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New YorK Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine Silver, $ ounce — 68S/
Mexican Dollars 64^4 613.4,
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Paul Isenberg takes for Liverpool
34,138 ctts, valued at #34.1.3: Bass Rock, for
Cape Town, 34,240 els at $41,088.
The market for actual grain i« lower and neglect
ed, as the shippers are doing nothing/ and the only
trading is in futures. No. 1, $I@l o ■-''.-•>: choice,
$1 03%@l 05; lower grades, 95@j»7y 2 c; extra
choice lor milling, $1 07y 2 @l 17% oil.
" CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— 2oo
tons, 983/ic.
Ki.citLAß Morning Skssion— December— 300
tons, 993/ 8 c; 1200, 99y 2 c; 800, 99Vic; 1600, 99y 8 c;
300, We.
Afternoon Session — December— l7oo tons,
98y B e. ■
BARLEY— Shipment of 9523 ctls Brewing,
valued at $7142, to Liverpool.
The market is dull and unchanged. Feed, 70@
7114 c $ ctl; choice, 72y 2 c; Brewing, 77y a @Bsc.
CALL BOARD BALES. '
Informal Skskion— lo o'clock— No sales.
Hkoi'lae Morning session— December— 3oo
tons, 7{jS/ c. :
a ftkrnoon Skssion — December— tons,
703/ic: 200, 70s /B e. -
o.\TS— Firm but dv 1, the demand having been
satlsQ d at - the moment. Ml ling are quotable
at 85@87y 2 1* ell ; fancy Feed, @92y 2 ,tl ;
good to choice, 82y 2 ffiß7 : V 2 c ; common to fair, 75®
80c; Gray, 80@85c; surprise, 9--'y2c@sly 2 c@sl •$ ctl. ~
CORN— Largo Yellow, 87y 2 @9uc 1* ctl; Small
Round do, 97V' 2 c; White, 80@»5c $ ctl.
RYE— Weak *>ud dull a- 7b(g)76J(4c 1» ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— BS@9Oc V ctL
FLOUR. AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: . Family extras,
$3 76@3 85 IB bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 65<g,3 65;
superfine,' $2 75@3.
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, *19 50(<520;
Cracked Corn, $20 50@21 3 ton.
MILLSTUFFS-^Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: i Graham Flour,
23 4 c: Rye Flour, 314 c; Rice Flour, 7y 2 c; Corn-
234@3<-; extra cream do,. 3Vsjc; Oatmeal,
334 c: Oat Groats, 4VjjC; Hominy, 4(a U/ 2 c: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3 Va c Farina,
4y 3 c; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 414 c;
Pearl Barley, 4V2 C > Split Peas, 43,4 c; Green do,
51/4 C ¥ lb. , : ■ . -
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— sls@l6 r- ton. /
MIDDLINGS— SI 6 50@17 50 $ ton for lower
grades and $18@19 '?. ton for the best. .
FEEDSTUFFS— BoiIed Barley, $16@16 50; Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $20 per ton; Jobbing, 21;
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 V ton. .
Hay— Wheat brought $9 60 and new Oat
$7 50. Old Hay is quoted as follows: Wheat. $8®
11 <$- ton: Oat, !f7-a;9- Wheat and Oat, $%10 50;
Barley. $7<asß 50: Alfalfa, $7@9; Clover, 9697 50:
Compressed Oat, $6 50@8; Compressed Wheat, $7
©10 50; stock, i«!H@7 per ton. 3- ■ -
STIIAW-30^50c 14 bale. <
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS-Bayos, 90c@$l $ ctl; Small Whites,
$1 25@1 35 f, ctl; Pea, $1 '20@l 30 ctl:
Large Whites, 90c@*l Pink, Hs@9sc; Reds,
SI 25; Blackeye, $1 75: Red Kidney, nominal:
Limas, *_' 50@2 70; Butters, f 1 40(S' 1 60 for small
and *1 25@1 50 for laree.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 50®
225 V ctl: Trieste, $2(<£2 f-0 "** ctl: Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40@l 50: Flax, ?1 70@l 80; Canary, 2»Ac
tb; Alfalfa, 7%&9 i/ 2 * !b; Rtpe, 2 Vic lt>;
Hemp, 3V 3 cf> Ib.
DRIED PEAS— BI 25@1 40 f* ctl for Nlles and
91 25ffil 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— The market is weaker. New Po
tatoes in sacks are auotable at 75c@$l ctl;
new Early Rose in boxes from the River, JFl@l 15:
new Garnet Chiles, $1 10@l 20; New Burbank
Seedlings, $1 10(al 25: Oregon F.urbanks, 60@85c:
Early Rose, 60(aT?oc - Petitluma and Tomules, 00@
70c $ ctl; Hum bold t Burbanks, 65@>76c "ft ctl.
. ONlONS— Rather firm at 30@40c m ctl.
VEGETABI.KS— were «09 boxes As
paragus. 86 boxes Rhubarb and 284 isoks Peas.
Cucumbers < nine in from Marys ill-, out wer
not soil. String Beans did better, beltiK wanted
for shipment. A box of poor Tomatoes 110 m1 10m Vaca
villesold at $1 75 "
Alaineda (Summer Squash. s@6c> Los Angeles I
Summer Squash, lx>x : Ecu I'lant, 10c%«lb;
Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 60@2 26 i* bx: Ciuuui
bers, 50c@l dozen; Asparagus, 40c@$l .f* box
for ordinary and SI 25@1 76 lor extra: Rhubarb,
75c@$l 25-. Dried 'Peppers, 7@»c; Green Pep
; pers, 10c, %i Jb: Green Peas, 50@76c » sack for
common and $1 for Garden: String Beans,
Ib for Log Angeles and 6@9c 1* It for Winters;
Horse Beans. 40@50c %i sack; Dried Okra, 12i/ a c;
Cabbage, 46@50c %i ctl; Garlic, 4(g,6c V fb.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
BUTTER— Considerable poor Butter Is coming
In and such stock is hard to sell. Choice descrip
tions are in demand at firmer prices.
Creamery— Fancy, 14%@16c: .seconds, 13@
14c $ R>.l9a^BHMttaMHtwß
Dairy— Fancy, 13@13%c; Rood to choice, 12®
12% c; lower grades, 11@11%C
CHEESE—Fancy mild new, 6%(8>7c; common
to good, s®6c $'lb; Cream Cheddar. 9c: Young
America, 7@Bc %< Ib; Western, 10@llc; Eastern,
12@12i/ a c.
KOGS— Cheap Eggs are weakened by offerings
05 poor Eastern at ow prices. Ranch Eggs are
steady. Eastern Eggs, ll@12c; store Kggs, 11 @
11 v c: ranch Eggs, 12%@14c; Duck Eggs, 14©
15c $ doz,
f POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— No change In prlres. Market heavily
supplied and dulL
Liv» .Turkeys, 12%@14c "® Ib for 'Gobblers, 11®
12V 2 c for Hens: Geese, •$ pair. $I@l 25; Ducks,
$*i'a~4 for old and S4@s for young: Hens, $3 5U@
$4 50; Roosters, young, $7@3; do, old, $4@4 50:
Fryers, $5 50(3.6:" Broilers, $4@5 for large and S2
@3 for small T Pigeons, 81 25(3*1 50 •& doz for
young »nd old.
GaME— ls not quotable.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
4178 boxes, selling at 60@75c for White; 60@76c
fl box for Black, and 85i(anl for Royal A line.
Cherries in hulk, <@7c fl tb for White, 6@7c for
Black and h@9c lor Koyal Anne.
Peaches. $ifgil 50 f) box: 50 boxes came In.
Cherry Prams, 4i;(q*6oc f> box
Clymer Plums sell slowly at 76c@Sl 25 V crate.
Green Apples, 85c f* box "in small arid 82 in large
boxes.
Green Pears, 36<$S0c box.
Pringle Apricots sold at 50@85c box: Royals,
75c@*l 25 %' box. Receipts were 400 boxes.
BKKHlKs— Receipts of Strawberries were 294
chests, selling at $7(gUO 14 chest for l.ongworths
and $4(<£7 for large berries.
Gooseberries, SOQ26C r 1 drawer and I%<is2c f» 1b
in bulk for small, and 25@30c ~<s drawer, and 2@
2%c mln bulk for large.
Raspberries, 50@65c B drawer; Newcastle
Raspberries, $I®l 25 %* crate.
Blackberries from southern California, ft 60 ~$
crate.
Currants, $3@5 f> chest.
CITRUS FKU lTS— Oranges are quotable at
75i'<a.$l 50 fi box for Seedlings. 83@4 j* box for
Navel*, *1 s(>@2 50 for Malta liloods an.l $1 25 dj
2 25 for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, 75c@
81 50 for common and $2<a,/i lor good to choice;
Mexican Limes, 86@7; Califurnia Limes, 81 f, bx;
liananas, $I@2 fi bunch; Pineapples, ?3@6 %i
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
. Carload Lots— Apples, l%@2c $1 Ib for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4©4% c for evaporated;
Peaches, S@sc and 6c for fancy: Apricots, b%@
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc 'ft
Ib for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2%cforun
pressed; White Figs, 4c in sacks; Pears, 7c f* Ib
for evaporated haves, 3V2(ft6c f tt> for quarters:
Prunes, 3(a3Vie; Plums, 3VJC^ It. for pitted and.
l%'£2c tor imputed: Nectarines, 3%<ssc %*. ft for
prime to choice and 5%c for fancy. ■ • •■'■
Jobbing . Prices— Evaporated Apples, 4@4%c
%} Ib; sun-dried, I%(a2c; Peaches, 3%@5c and 6e
for fancy: peeled IB boxes, 12^0 Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, 5(g»5% c for 40@50's and 4%@5c for
50@60's; Apricots, 6%&9 c for prime. to choice,
lOioill for fancy Moorpark: Fiss. black, 3%c;
White Figs, 3ffisc: Pears, 8c %4 Ib forevaporatud
halves and 4@7%c for quarters; Plums, 3%® 4 c,
for pitted and l(al%c forunpllted: Nectarines,
4®sc ¥ II) for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco; Four
crown, loose, 33/ic; 3-crown, loose, 3c; 2-crown,
2% c ¥lt>; seedless Sultanas, 3V2@ 4 c : seedless
Muscatels, l' l ■•(g,j:: 4 c; 3-crowu London layersj 70c
box: clusters, $1 35(n»l 60; Dehesa clusters,
*2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 76: Dried
Grapes, — — V tb.
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown loose, 3%@4c; 3
crown, 314c "$ Ib; 2-crown, 2%@3c. Seeuie.sa Sul
tanas, 4c $ tt.; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers. 75(3)90c; clusters, $1 60@l 75;
I>ehesa clusters, *'<! 50; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, .
NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc f, Ib
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c V Ib for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds, 6@7' 3 c fy Ib for Langue
doc and B%<giloc for paper-shell, jobbing; Pea
nuts, 6y.»@7c lor Eastern and 4%@5V2C for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuis. 5@,6c: Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
9@loc f tb: Cocoanuts, $4 50<g,.-> V 100.
HONEY— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c V Ib for
bright ana B(S»9c %( Ib for lower grades; water
white extracted, s<<ss%c ■$ lb: light amber ex
tracted. 4Vi@434c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c
BEEsWAX-25@-7i/ 3<3 <- f, Ib.
PKOVISIONS.
CUBED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6c $
Ib for heavy, 7c $ lb for light medium, 9c Ib for
light, 10c for extra lleht and 12c Ib for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, ll^c; Cali
fornia Hams, 10c "ft lb; Mess Reef, $7 50(5,8:
extra mess do, $8 50ra<9; family do, $10: extra
prime Pork, $8 50@9; extra clear. $14 %i bbl;
mess, $12 ~f, bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c V lb.
LARD — Kastern. tierces Is quoted at 6 Vie i* Ib
for compound and 634 c for pure; pails. 7%c;
California tierces. 514 c tor compound und 6 /ic lor
pure; half-bbls, 6Vi@Gy 2 c: 10 lb tins, 714 c; do
6-Ib, 7% '# !b.
COT'l OLEN E— 6Vi@6yac in tierces and 7@73/ 8 c
* tt. in 10-lblins. *~-J?.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 7c 'f, lb; culls and brands. 6c f. Ib;
medium, 6c t> Ib ; culls ! and brands, sc; light, sc;
culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, s@sVac Ib: culls
and brands. 4@4i/ 2 c: salted Kip, 5c $ tb: salted
Calf, 7c: salteti Veal, 6c; dry Hides, 10c: culls
and brands, 8c $ Ib; dry Kip and Veal, B@9c;
culls, 7c: dry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20@35c each; Kids, 6c; Deerskins, Rood summer.
30c; medium, 15@25c; winter, 10@l 6c; Sheep
skins, shearlings, lO@lsc each; short wool, 2U@
35c each; medium. 40ig»50c each; Ion? wools, 60c
each. Culls of ail kind i about 2c2 c less. ■
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3Vi®3V6c: No. 2,
3c; refined, 6y 2 @58,4c; Grease, 21/fcc '#, Ib.
WOOL —Va ley i rei?on, . 9@loy 2 c " Ib: do
lower grades. B^9V c "$. lb; Nevada, 6@9c ft Ib;
San Joaquin and southern Coast, six months, 4®6c;
San Joaquln, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4Vs(aJ6VS|C; northern free,
7@9c;do defective, s@6V a c I* lb.
JtiOP3-iy 2 @3c Ib
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bans, spot, $1 25; June-
July delivery, $4 37y 3 ; San Quentin, $1 20; Wool
Bags, 24%@26y0c. .
COAL— Wellington, $8 f» ton; New Wellington,
$8 "f. ton; Fouthfield W ellinKton, $7 50 ft ton;
Seattle, $5@5 50: Bryant, $5; Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend, $7: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo. *7 50;
Cumberland, $11@12 in bulk and $13@14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kg;,-, $11 50; • Welsh
Anthracite,- $8; Cannel, $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Peasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$11@12 in bulk and $1» ■& ton in sks. V
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
has reduced its prices and now quotes ' as fol
lows, terms net cash: cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 8 c; Dry Granulated, 6%c;
Confectioners' A, 58/ 8 c; Magnolia A. 4 %c; Extra
0,4344,-: Golden C, 4%c; half-barrels, %c more
than barrels, and boxes J/3C more. , .■
m SYRUP-Golden, in bbis, 16c; Black Strap, 10c
; *gal. . . : ■--■':,■. < ■ ■:■-■..
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed ' stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: , •
BKKF— First quality, 5@5y 3 c; second do, 4y 3 @
434 c: third do, 3M»@4c # n>. -
EAL- Large, 6&6 c; sir.all, 6@7c Ib. -
MUTTON— Wethers, sy-»@6c: Ewes, sy c f, lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6(S,6^jC "f, Ib.
. PORK— Live Hogs, 3Vs@»- /4" ¥> lb for large and
3i/i@3y 2 c for small and medium; dressed do, 4Vi
@slXc %» lb. . : -..; -..■,,.• v»
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
J-OB 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr. sks.... 2,42BiCheese, ctls 2b3
Wheat, ctls. I.ooftlEi?/?s. doz... 14,770
Barlej.ctls 476Hnles.no 676
l) ats 206 fe.ls, hdls. 375
Beans, sks. 3,197 Wool, bis 2:iß
Potatoes, 5k5..... 2,154 Wine, gals 36,600
onions, sks 81 6 Leather, r0115.... 33
Bran, sks 2,075 Tallow, els 0
Middlings, sks... 4HB Uaislns, boxes. .. 1,225
Hay. tons 294: Lumber. M Jeet.. 20
Straw, tons 10 Quicksilver, tisks 28
Bu tter, ctls. So7i
THE STOCK MARKET.
Changes In mining stocks yesterday were unim
portant and business was quiet.
On the Bond Exchange sugar stocks were some
what lower, and .Market-street Hailroad sold from
$44 down to $43-%, against $43Vi *s Tuesday's
figures.
The Alta assessment falls delinquent In board
to-(!ay and the Potosi delinquent sale takes place
also.
'I he sales on . regular call at the San Francisco
Stock Board for the firjt five months of the year
were 1,809,655 shares, against 1,274,385 shares
during the same period In 1895. The sales in May
were the heaviest for some years.
A meeting of the directors of the Spring Valley
Water Co npany will be held to-day, at which the
matter of selling 5000 shares of unissued stock
will he considered and the regular monthly divi
dend or 50 cents per share, payable June 10, will
be declared.
_ \ report is current that the south drift on the
200 level of the Chollar-Brunswick: workings has
been stopped.
In tne chollar mine (Comstock workings) in the
stope above No. 2 crosscut 450 'lever they con
tinue ■to work and save •he streaks of pay on he
wall and to assort the old fillings. .1 he east cross
cut on the seventh floor has been run a total dis
tance of 26 feet, finding nothing of value; face in
porphyry. In the south stope on this level they
arc working north on the second floor and south
on the third in fillings of faixfcrad I and bunches of
ore in .[.Lace*.. The winze below this point looks
about the same, ai last week. They have shipped
to the Nevada mill for reduction during the past
week 145 tons and 7>.U pounds ot ore. The aver
age battery sample of the ore, with that heretofore
extracted, was $27 39. They have shipped to the
San Francisco office 4 bars of bullion of the par
value of $10,857 18. They are repairing in the
main Incline and In the north lateral drift on the
550 level.
In the Potosl mine (Comstock workings) -the
north drift from the top of the raise from the 450
level south dritt is now out 46 feet; extende I 26
feet during the week; It is skirting the east wall
and the face shows bunches of pay of fair grade.
The south lateral drift, 650 level, started from the
main west crosscut from the shaft is now out 36
feet; extended 24 feet since last report; face in
porphyry and clay. From the raise above the
southwest drift on the tunnel level they have
during the past week started a north drift on the
; fourth floor, which is now out 40 feet, showing
bunches of low-grade quartz through the porphyry;
face in porphyry and clay.
The JStna Quicksilver'Mlning Company of Napa
County will pay a dividend of 10 cents per share
on the 10th. This is the sixth dividend. For the
quarter ending May 1 the gross earnings were
$35,000; expenses, $14,510. The dividend Calls
lor $10,000, so there will be $10,490 to be carried
forward to profit and loss account from the quarter.
The Napa Consolidated Quicksilver Mining
Company of Napa County will pay the usual quar
terly dividend of 10 cents per share on the 16th,
together with an extra dividend of the same
amount. The dividends for the loth are numbered
74 and 75. For the quarter ending June 1 the
gross earnings were $4 5,500, expenses $22,467.
The dividends call for $20,000. so over $2000
will be carried forward.
The Alaska Packers' Association has declared a
dividend of 75 cents per share, payable on the
12Ui. This is the thirtieth dividend.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a divi
dend of 30 cents per share on the sth.
KOAKU SALES.
Following went the '•>"■ in the San Fr»t»oU39
Ptocit Board yesterday;
reuui.au mornixo session- roMVUvoisn 9:31).
300 Aloha 231250 CC&V...2.90600 0vrmn....25
100 8e1cner... 74 100 Conn.... 1.35 26
700 73 ! 500 Excnqr... o9*oo P0t05i..1.40
50 B * 8.. 1.40 300 ...2.90 300 5eg8..:..18
700 Bodle.. .67:100 2.85 250 S JSV...I 10
250 8u11i0n. ..30 50 Mxcan.l.lo Union. .l.oo
60 Ch011r..3.10 100 Occidtl.. 1.60 400 V Jackt..ss
160 ..3.16 300 Ophlr... 1.801
AFTKRNOON BKBSION'— 2: 30.
100 Alt» 08550 Caled 11(900 0cc1dt1..1.70
200 09 30CC<fcV...2.90 3000phir....1.85
300 Andes.. .so 50 ........ 2.95 100 Overman. 27
100 8e1cher... 74 200 C P0int.. .67 200 P0t051...1.45
250 73 50 65 900 Savage..l.6s
100 B <t8..1.45|100 G <& C. .1.50 200 1.70
100 1.40 50 1.65 300 Scorpion.. 11
100 Bullion... 30 400 H<fcM. . .2.95 100 8e1.. .19
200 Ch011ar.. 3.20 600 2.90 500 V Jckt.... 55
500..........3.26| I
following warn tne oaten in the Pacliio 3toox
ioard yesterday:
REGULAR RFSBION'— IO:3U.
100 Aloha 28300 Exchqr... 10-100 0ph1r...190
1000 Alta. ....OH 50 U A C. ..1.50 500 0vrmn....25
200 09 200 ...1.651250 Potoa 1.471/.
800 07! 50 HAN. ..2.80J 60 I.4i>
400 Andes... 2.90 300 1.50
200 50 100 2.95200 Savage..
800 Belcher... 100 Julia 15 200 l.tta
200 74 400 Justice.. ..10 20'J 1.70
100 ......... ..73 600 Kentnck..O6 100 1.671/
-200 B<fcß 1.47i0 300 Mexnl.o7V 2 !'-'OO Scorpion..
500 80d1e.....6S 100 1.10 200 58.tM....18
200 Buliiou. ..^01650 ll 8 200 S NY....1.0&
200 8u1wer...31i2500cc1d....1.b0 1.02%
800 Caleda 12 200 1.67% ; 200 1.10
200Cballng...4t>;W0 1.601100 1.07%
300 Ch011.... 3.20 100 15/ 8 800 SII HU1....06
400 3.22% .WO ....... 1.67% ! "-'OO Union C..99
700 CCV....3.00 1. 65 200 ... 1.00
100 C0nf1....1.5»!100 1.70200 1.05
500 con 1m...02500 Ophlr 1.82 V>'500 Utah 18
600 ............03200 1.85 YJacJtet..s6
400 Crwn Pt...67l I
*rTHHsooK sussiox— 2:30.
100 A1pha.... 201100 1.47% 200 ODhir....] %
400 Alta 100 C Point... tj»i 50 2.9u
200 Andes 48 500 Exchqr... o9*2oo 0vrmn....25
400 81cnr.....75 300 G <fc C. 1.50 300 Potoai.. 1.45
400 <t81. 42 %i 100HdiN... 2.90 100 1.50
200 Bodle 67100 2% 400 8avag...1.66
100 Bui 1i0n... 30 .'OO 2 .921 500 Scorpion..ll
200 Bui wer... 3 11200 Julia. .16 200 S HAM.... 19
100 Caleda.... 11 200 Justice.. ..lo 400 S Nv.1.07%
»000h0iir.».3.15 500 Mex.... 1.10 600 Sll Hill. ..05
100 ......3.17% -00 Mono.. 10 200 Uni0n. ...99
100 3.201 00 Occdl 1.67% 150 Utah 18
350 CCV..2.97i- a 0ph1r.. .1. 85 40J YJacKai.,sß
600 C Imp... 031 . . 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, June 3-4 p. m.
J , , Bid.Atked.\ Btd.Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 21 22 Jackson. 40 —
Alia. 08 09 Julia — 15
Andes.... * 48 .- 49 r Justice ....... 10 12
Belcher 72 74 Keutuck — 06
Best<&Belcherl.4O 1.45 Lady Wash.... '04 05 |
Benton Con 20 —Mexican 1.06 1.10
JJodto 67 69jMono — 10
Bullion 29 30 Nevada Queen. — 05
Bulwer. 30 — Occidental. ...1.70 1.75
Caledonia...... 10 12,0phIr 1.85 1.90
Chollar 3.15 3.20 Overman 27 28
C0n.Ca1.&Va..2.95 3.00 P0t051.... 1.45 1.60
Challenge Con. 46 47 Savage 1.65 1.7 i» |
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Scorpion — 11
Confidence 1.30 I. 4o seg. Belcher... 16 19
Con New York — 10 Syndicate...... 04 05
Crown Point... 66 67|»ilver Hill.. - 05
EastSlerraNev — Sierra Nevada. 1.05 1.10
Exchequer QS lOUnionCon 99 1.05
Gould &Curry.l.sO 1.55 ft ah 18 20
Hale <SNorcrs.2.J<o 2.931 Yellow Jacket. 55 56
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
100 Amalle 250 300 Lock wood Con.. 35
Champion Providence. .
Bid 20 00 Asked 80 00
Asked 25 00 300 Savannah.. ..... 40
100 Grant..... 12 300. .„ 38
Kennedy 300 37
Bid 1000400 Sebastopol 49
Keystone.. 500 «, 60
Bid... 65 00! Thorpe
400 Lockwood Con.. S4;Asked 70
LOCAL, SECURITIES.
Bid 50 Spring Valley Water.... 98 25
Asked 50 do ....; 98 75
STOCK AND BOM) EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, June 3-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Asked. . Bid. Asked.
US 4s c0up.. 109 — US 4s reg...!09y 8 —
Do new issue 11 — | • ;; ,"«^
„ MIHCELUNEOUB BONDS.
Cal-stCbless. — 113 PacßollM6s. — —
Cal Elec L6s — 122% Do 2d Is 65. . . — —
CntraCWSs 95 97 P40Rv65.105 120
Dpntstex-cp 77 96 !P&chKy6.s. — 107
Edsn LAP 6s — 122 Vi Pwl-st RR63: — 116%
F&CHKK6s.IG4% - Reno, WIAL — 105-
Geary-stßss. — 106 ISacto P& L. — 102%
LosAngLßs. — 103 SF&NPK 5s.l01%101»4
DoGmeed6s — 103 ISI'RRArizPs - 97%
Mkt-siCble6sl23 — SPRRCaI (js.lOd%lll
D0RyC0n55..104%105 SPRRCaI ss. — —
NevCN«R7s i>b 105 STF.rßCal6s.'99%loo
NPCRR6S.IO3 110 sVWater6s.. — lIH6/ 3
N Ry Cal 6s. 102% 105 'sVWateris.. 9834 99V4
NRyCalss. — 100 StktnGAE6s — 100
Oak Gas ss. .101 104%SunstTAT6s 100 -
Do2disss.. — 106 Sutter-5tR55.107% —
Omnibus t>s.H9 I^o VlsallaWCßs — 91
WATER -STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37% 39 jSanJose..... 75 100
Marin C 0.... 60 — iSprng Valley 98y 8 99 ¥*
GAB STOCKS. *
Capital — . 27%1'acihc Ll<rht 46% 47
Central 95 — ■ San Francsco 933/ s 94
OakGL&H — ft 23, 4 Stockton — 21%
PacGaslmp. 86 86% ,
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Fireman's 165 180 |5un. ;..... ...25 60
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. — — ' LondonPArA.l2B%l3o
Anglo-Cal.:.. 61% — London«feSF. — . 27%
Bank of Cal.. 288 242%iMerch Ex... . 13 - — .
Cal 8 D&TCo 55% 57%1Nevada...... — ■ —
aiionl.l7B 182% Sather BC» — —
Grangers.... — — • I .
' , .»; SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
GerS&LCo. 1415 1500 [Say* Loan.. — 100 f
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Security...... — 260
Mutua1....... — 40 Union Trust. 7so 800
SFSavUnion — 485
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 108 - Oak SL&Hay — 100
Geary'-st — 56 Presidio 714 —
Market-st 43% 44 Sutter-5t..... — .'rf}y
. .; POWDER STOCKS. .
Atlantic D... I*:% — iGiant Con.... 243^ 25%
Dastern D... «0 83 Hudson D.... — —
California.... 75 — iVisrorit .. — 95c
' ." ' ' ' ' MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. H«J% 97 iNatVlnCo.. — * —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 . Oceanic SSCo, 23 , 24 Va
CalCot Mills -.' — PrcAuxKA 1 — :
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison Llghtll9S/ 119% Pac Roll Mill —f; — .
Gascon Assn. — — Part PatntCo 6% 7%
Lead Co. 85 . — ■ PacTrmsCo. — 24
HawC&SCo. 18% 19 , Pac T&T Co. 55 70
Hutch SPCo -J43/8 24% Sunset T*T. 41 —
MerEx Assn. 100 110 lUnlted C Co. — 25
y SALES— MOKNI.VU ■ Btt.SSlO.'i.
:■- Board— •■-■--■. v : ... •;••. -' -.-. ". ' .
10 Alaska Packers' Association 96 75
100 Huichlnson 5PC0..... 25 00
200 do do, 10. ..,,«,........ 24 75 .
16 , do - do .-..........-.;.. - 24 87%
10') Hawaiian Commercial 19 62V2
125 do do 19 75
15 do do 19 50
30 do do 19 371/2
100 Market-st Railway 44 00
10 do do 43 5f
30 SF Gaslight »3 .'0
20 SV Water 98 75
Street—
50 Atlantic Dynamite ]6 00
25 Edison Light & Power Co 119 50
50 s V Water 98 75
SALES — AKTEKNOO.V SKSSfO-V.
Board—
50 Edison Light <fe Power Co 119 50
60 Hawaiian Commercial 19 00
50 do do. b2 19.00
25 Hutchinson - P Co 24 50
15 Pacific Lighting 47 00
50SFGaslight 93 50
Street —
6 Alaska Packers' Association 86 76
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACK HOTEL.
8 II Babcock. Salt Lake B H Pitcher, Livermore
Miss X A Gordon, sl.ouis W T Smith, Klko
Miss \V Rankin. Cal S T Clulow, New York
A WeddryeiKtw.Broklyu G Hermann, S R
Miss Weddotn.P.r.klyn H N Bachelder, U C
Dt k Rumens, namburg (J W Davis, D C
F Bursen, Shetlie d Miss To.irsey, New York
3 X Armsbv, Chicago Mlaa E X r," New York
Jll Etyland, Los 'iatos a j Snores Aw, Mont
LE Parson, I> (.' LSihii, New York
E W Churchill, Napa \ S Hathaway, Miirysvie
Dr D Smith, Xaua MrsCW Ilonnr. DC
Mrs J C Fearing. Mysvle Mrs L B Homer, D C
F N Fearing, Marysville J T Harrincton. Colusa .
M^ Kahn. Si Joseph C 1> Ettinger, Chicago
W H Allworth. Toronto C P Thore, Toronto
Mrs J Green, St Louis W \V Dunn, Stanford
Miss Green, St Louis E Guinzberg, New York
Mr Mareil <t w, Havre RA X Penrose, Chicago
F W Ishenorr, Portland L L Plumraer & w, Wis
C A Melsern, Boston A P Maglnnis, L Angeles
F G Memfir & w, S Cruz Miss Q Skinner, 8 Cruz
Mrs E W Churchill, Napa
GRAND HOTEL.
G Pacheco, Ignacio W H Lang, Cal
C Aull, Folsom A Tschume, Cal
F Martin, Portland W B Dargie, Oakland
C W Ferguson. Seattle D E Nash. San Jose
J H Henderson Aw, Or E Mai stield, N V
J II Ma^-ard, Ohio J C Maukle, Ohio
H R Zapf, Ohio Mrs S C Shale, Needles
G W Morgan, Cal W H Davis, Sacto
G M Foo;e, Uoilister H Phillips, lowa
W H. Hins»y, lowa Mrs Hart, Santa Cruz
J W Houston, Cal C H Kuapp, Jiollister
T B Dorsey, San Jose G Johnston, Pleasanton
Mrs Hayes, Boston M Ranger, N V
W C Parker & w, Cal W Ackerman A w, Cal
A E Osborne & w, Cal \V H Brown it w, Sonoma
Miss Phipps, Walla W alia Miss Welch, Walla Walla
P Johnson, * nijeis S H Collen & w, Ariz
H J Krabb, Ft Madison OW G Bancroft, Man Jose
Mrs M C Wilson, or H A Preston, Jamestown
W C Good, Santa Rosa MissFilstmry,Orei(OnCity
CO-MOPOLITAN HOTEL.
D B Walker, Winters Miss A Wright, Stockton
John Smith, San Miguel R A slother, Castroville
A sttrl.ng, Castroville D Leahy, Port Costa
J C MofHt, Rochester G N Carson, Chicago
J Davits A wf, Victor Porter r Patr>>, Fitchburg
F H Page. Fitchburg W Horkan, Puialuma
W B .iladden.Sacramnto J J Gallagher,Saoramnto
I) Wilson, Los Angeles X CliarUon, Mojave
J R Rooney, Fresno J H Dugane, Merced
N W Judd, Palo Alto W P (iift'ord, Palo Alto
P V Gifford, Palo Alto Warren Hall, Palo Alto
A Keller, Marysville E 11 Brown, Downieville
A Bousen, Kori. Wayne D J Collini, San Jose
H S Matsumoto,Tacoma O R French, Portland
C U Hale, Portland J B Taketo, N V
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J James, Sacto Q Migllnvaen, Napa
J P Miller. San Mateo S W Van Syckle.Woodld
J C Money, St Helena Mrs Code As. Ogden
F E Johnston, Napa J W Harwood, Benicia
S Homphery, Alameda A H Jessee, St Louis
C A Jones, Reno A S Baiehuche, Chicago
W X Clark, Stockton D B Macdonald. Napa
S II Westtall, N V F O -Cormack, Belvedere
A H Christie. Milwaukee E S Garrett & w, Napa
F W Cobb & w, stocktn H L Billings, Chicago
D B stephenson.San Jos A D Anthony. Portland
H Luckman, Alameda T Denby, San Jose
THE CALL CALENDAR.
June. 1896:
OCEAN STEAMERS
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. B. Coast and (^F.oDKTrc Sttbvby Tide 1 )
BrtLLKTIX Pdblishkd bt Officiai. >-
Authority OF THE Supkeiktkndbnt. J
Thursday June 4.
Snn rises 4.47 Moon rises 12.46 am
Sun sets 7. 29, Moon sets
' .\qtk- In the above exposition of the tides the
*arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second* time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there ■ are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractive
from ih« rtonth "'vi>n hv he char's
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydrooraphic Offtcb, U. 3. N. ■»
Mkbchants 1 Kxchavor. V
Ban Francisco. June 3. 189 S. )
Th« time ball on Telegrapn lull was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., ac noon of the, l^Oth
meridian, or exactly at b p. *i.. Greenwich tima.
A. F. FiCCHTKLKB,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charsfa,
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
! Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, June 3.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, 45 hours from Portland,
via Astoria 87 hours; produce, loORiN Co.
Schr Reliance, skipper, 12 hours from Fort
Ross: bark and wood, to R A uilbride it Co.
Schr Llla and M attic, Lindbridge, 41/3 days from
Waldport; lumber and stave-bolts, to T J Golden.
Oakland direct.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nelson. 20 hours from Iver
sons Landing; 90 eds wood, to N Iversen.
. Cleared.
WEDNESDAY. June 3.
' Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Comoxj Pacific
Improvement Co. /
Ktmr Eureka, Jepaen, San Pedro; Good all, ■ Per
kins & Co.
Brship Edenballymore, May, Cape Town; Bal
four, Outhrle & Co. . -
Ital ship Caterina. Accame, Borzone, Queens
town; EpDinger & Co.
Schr Wm Rowden, Fjerem, St Michaels Island:
Alaska Commercial Co, \
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, June 3.
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
- Stmr Arago, Con way. Coos Bay.
Strur Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City.
Stmr WhitesDoro. Johnson.. > : '
schr Mary U. Campbell. Bodega.
1 Schr Newark. Beck. Bow-ens Landing. -
Uer bark Paul Etenbefg, Wunrmann, Liverpool.
Schr Etta li. Madsun. Fort Ross.
Schr John F Miller, Hanson, Port Blakeley.
Schr Abble, Hansen, Caspar.
Charter*.
The bktn Amelia : loads lumber at Eureka for
Honolulu. • - ,
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS, June 3—lo p. M.— Weatber,
clear ; wind w ; velocity, li mUes.
Spoken. >;. • ' v
May 20-Lat 29 N,;on? 39 W, Br ship Ardmore,
from New Westminst r, for London. - • „„,,.„•
May 16-Lat 17 N. long 26 W. Br ship Belford,
from Hull, for San Francisco. r<~™,r>
May 12-Lat 3 N. long 2H W. Nor bark Crown
I Prince, from Vancouver, lor Wolgast.
May2-Lat 26 8, long 43 W, Br ship Forfar
sbiro, from Oregon, ;or Al'-'Oa Bay. _
May 17-Lat 23 N, Ion; 89 W, Ital bark Giu
seppw. hence Feb 6, lor Queenstown.
' Domestic Port*.
SEATTLE— SaiIed June 3— Stinr Lakme; bktn
Nor- h we si. for Redondo.
ASTORIA — Arrived June 3— Bktn Uncle John,
hence May 24; schrOem. hence May 21.
mailed June 3-schr Enterprise, for San Fran-
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June S-Schr Lille
bonne, for San Francisco; scar LaGironde, for San
Francisco." ; ,:
VENTURA— SaiIed June 3-Stmr Geo Loomis,
for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed June 3— Bark Rufus X \\ ood
hence May 22 for Seattle: stmr Mackinaw, hence
May 30, for Tacoma.
. NAVARRO— sailed June 3— Stmr Point Arena,
for san Francisco.
TACOMA— June 3-Bktn Eureka, hnce
May 24.
EUREKA— Arrived June 3— Stmr Pomona, hue
May 2; schr Jennie Thetin, hence May 28; stmr
Farallon, hence June '/. - iV-'v
sailed June ;j_->iiir Sparrow, for San Francisco;
stmr Farallon, for Vr.qulria Bay.
.For«u<rii Fort*.
NANAlMO— Arrived June 3— Ship Elwell, hnce
May 2*.
COQUIMBO— Arrived May 30-Br ship Airlie,
from Portland.
ACAPULUO-Salled June I— Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco.
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived June-3— Btmr Lahn, frm
Bremen and Southampton: stmr Auranla, from
Liverpool and Queenstown: stmr Italia, from
Mediterranean ports-
Bailed June 3— Stmr St Louis, for Southampton:
stmr Majestic, for Liverpool; stmr Westernland,
for Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out June s— Stmr
New York : stmr Trave.
Sailed June 3— stmr Havel, for New York.
MOVlLLE— Arrived out June 3— Stmr Ancho
ria.
GLASGOW— out June 3— Stmr Norwe
gian.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed June 3— Stmr Bpaarn
dani.
LlZAßD— Passed June 3-Strur Amsterdam, fm
New York, for Rotterdam: stmr California, from
New York, for Hamburg.
GIBRALTAR— Passed June 3-Stmr Braunsch
weig, from Naples, for New York.
SCH ILLY— Passed June 3-stmr Dresden, from
New York, for Bremen.
SClLLY— Passed June 3-Stmr Prussia, from
New York, for Hamburg.
Importation*.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA— Per Columbia—
1012 sks potatoes, 1108 sks fluxseed, 929 bides,'
2537 sks flour, 653 bales flour. 637 gunnies flour,
1640 sks bran, 199 bags wool, 334 sk* barley, 682
sks oats, 725 sks wheat, 4995 pkirs paper, 21,100
ft lumber, 1213 bdis shook 197 sks oysters, 30
bdls staves.
Consignee*.
Per Columbia— H Dutard; Wolf <fc Son; Western
Roll Paper Co: Dalton Bros;- M P Detels; Z Tag
gar; Allen & Lewis; Erlanger A Galinger: A Carl:
Buckingham Hecht A Co; Otis. McAllister <fe Co;
Eissineer* Co: J P Thomas: Willamette Pulp «fc
Paper Co; W C Price & Co: Fogarty & Parker: Geo
Sheldon: Moore, Ferguson & Co: Darbee & Immel;
M 1: A Wagner; Morgan Oyster Co; White Bros;
MBMoragban; Clatsop Mill Co; Helstand, War
ner & Co.
For Lai* Shippinp Intelligence See' Fifteenth Page.
OCEAW STEAMSHIFBJ
O. 3FL- _c*3 IST.
ASTORIA ANSTORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
State of California sails. ...June 2, 19 and 23
Columbia sails June 7, 17 and -7
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
eOODAJAj, PERKINS A CO., Cenl. Rapt*
i. i\ CONiNOB, General Agent.
630 Market street.
! PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class $8.00
Second Clan9'..'^&OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — 4 Sew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS** CO.,
__^ ««eiieral Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMP.UY
, STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM /fca«
|.~ Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as •<^}jtf^/I
: follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlnsr. Wranj?eL Juneau. KU-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), ac v a. it., June 3,
18, 18. VS. Jmy a, 1 <. in, -'«.
I For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
■ send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortos and New
Wbatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
I Jim,- 8, -. 13. in, 23. 28. ana every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltti
: the C. P. R. R., ac Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
at Seattle with O. N. Ry., at Port Townsend witu
Alaska steamers.
[ For Kureka, Arcata and Fields Landinz (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. M.. June •£, 6. 10,
14 I*. •_"-'. 2b. 3'J and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East Sun
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. it., June
4. H. la, 113, 20, 24. 28 and every fourth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, - Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. m.. .tu.e 2. 6. Hi. 14; 18, 22, 26, 30 and every
: fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Josa del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
I Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
| 10 a. M., June 2, 27, ana 25th of each month there-
at' r. .
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS to
HAWAII SAMOA L? HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, B| by
AUSTRALIA. \^S.S. AUSTRALIA.
is. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Tues-
day, June 16, ac 10 a. m. Special party rates.
8. S. ALAMF.DA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
at 2 p. m. • .
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRA.ISATLI\TI(|CB
French Line to Havre.
pOMPANY'SPIER(NEW),42N'ORTH A*«
\J River, foot of Morton st. Traveler* by &H9B
I this line avoid both transit Oy English railway aa3
' the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via i'arii,
nrst-ciaas $1 HO; second-class, $1 18.
LA TOURAINE. Capt. Santelli.. May 2:«, Ba. \r.
LA N0RMAND1E............ ......May 23, 8 A. se.
LA GASCOONE J u c 20, 7A. H.
LA "■NOKM.\Ni>IK..; .....July 4. 6 a. m.
LA GAS-OOGNE July 25. 11 A. st
LA NORM AVOIR Alisustl, 5 a, it.
LA BOUROOONE. Capt. Leb<"euf. .June 6. 7 a. *.
49* For further particulars npply to
»» o « A. FOROEr. A?ent,
No. 3 Bo v inir Green, New York.
3. P. FUG A CO Agents. 5 Moutsoruerf
«venue. San Franclacfc. -
<^jjK HAMBIRC -.IMERI€A!I im
TWIN-SCItEW EXPRESS
ta- -..^SHBS^<iit- Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), ChTbour^, i aris it ;jambur<».
Normanntii Junell I F. Bismarck June 25
A. Victoria... ...June 18 I Columbia, July a
I. Cab., $93 and upward; 11. Cab., $50 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4 V>h.. free of chara*
by special train; OHERBOU'KG-PARIS. 6V 3 h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
! LINE. 37 Broadway, N. \ .. or to KAUM .V HER-
| ZOO, Agents. 401 Californiast.. San Francisco.Cal.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE aspinwall >j-g^
i^ fortniirlitly for the West Indies and E -iiS«3»
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Throuch bills of lading, in connection with th«
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treat-
ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 195; third
class, 597 50. For further particulars apply to
• PARROT T & CO., Agents,
306 California st.
. ~~~IfOCTO STEAMERS ~*
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 5 V. 31: l>aily.
Sunday at 7 I*. 31.
gig- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAJJIEI4S:
T.C.Walker, ■ J. D. Peters,
Blary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. and leapt. Co
TALLEJO, MARK ISL *BE\ICIA, PORT
COSTA 411 CROCKKTT.-r
STR. MOSTUr:i.I,O,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. M.
and if.it; Saturday, 10 -.30 a. m., 3:30 r. Mi
Sunday— B p. it ■- ■ . ....*•.
•4r. M-only.
■ X«adiB K( Uissioo 1. I'ier 4.SCHOOL BOARDS
DID NOT BITE,
Charles Andrews' Scheme
Failed in the
Country.
WRATH OF EDITORS.
The Berkeley Printer Was Paid
in Burning Words Instead
of Coin.
SERVICES IN THE FIELDS.
Rev. Mr. Payne, Unitarian, Defends
the Woods Against Churches.
Brazilian Gypsies.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 3.— Charles L.
Andrews, a Berkeley printer, hit upon a
siheme for tiding .over hard times, but
Andrews is out some weeks' work and has
called down upon his head the wrath of
scores of country newspapers.
Andrews proposed to supply the various
State school districts of California with
poster copies of those parts of the
s-tatutory law enforcing the educational
rights of children, which it is required
shall be posted tor three weeks during the
month of June.
The ingenious printer severed his con
nection with a local daily newspaper sev
eral weeks ago. As he did not receive
from his iate employers the moneys due
lum as a salary, the journal in question
was made a partner in the school district
poster scheme to the extent of being
allowed to print the posters and furnish
Andrews with office headquarters.
The posters were printed and sent out,
with a letter requesting that school boards
that desired to use them send $1 50 to
Charles L. Andrews of Berkeley.
Mr. Andrews is now awaiting returns,
but so far the principal result of his enter-
I rising effort to vet $5 per thousand for
circulars is a lot of angry editorials in
rural newspapers which resent the Berke
leyan's intrusion in their fields.
Up to the present time the scheme has
been operated with indifferent success.
Clerks who understand their duties have
promptly returned the stationery or cast
it into tbe waste basket.
Another re?uit is tbat Andrews has
taken his back salary in trade with his ex
employer-.
I)r Payne Is Wrathy.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 3.— The open
air or ''picnic" plan of holding religious
services, as discussed by the Unitarian So
ciety of Berkeley last Sunday, will not be
carried out. at least for the present. Tbe
church will hold no regular religious ser
vices during the college vacation, but
meetings will be held even,- Sunday at the
homes of the "members.
Rev. Dr. Payne, tfie pastor, says that the
are not to be regular services of
the Unitarian church and that body as a
:iot responsible for them.
"If lor example,'" said he to-day, "we
choose to meet in the open air, and find
ourselves comfortable in so doing, we un
and that the fields and the woods are
in the divine domain, dedioated long be
ai church buildings were or Stiles'
■
The mention of Stiles' Hall, in which
;ne Unitarians have recently held their
s< rvices. is considered as a long-distance
strode at the orthodox ministers of Berke
ley, who, Dr. Payne says, have been con
tinually harping on the question of the
Tnitarians using the students' .public hall
as a meeting place. "If we should decide
to take our lunch baskets with us." con
tinued Dr. Payne, "we might remember
that upon two occasions after religious
services in the open air Jesus fed the
multitudes.
"As for the use of Stiles' Hall it is. not
at all essential to the existence of our
church in Berkeley that we should meet in
it. We have not the least d-sire to enjoy
any privileges which might not be freely
accorded on suitable occasions to any
church or religious assembly. We stand
f-quarely lor an equality of right and privi-
Jege in all things, and upon this broad
ground will join bands with others who
want to see fair play and general equality.
"But it does seem to me rather small
business for some of the Berkeley minis
ters to watch so zealously over every
movement to find chances to check or to
criticize us."
High School Players. ,
BERKELEY, Cal., June 3.— The senior
class at the Berkeley High School will
present Mrs. Burton Harrison's comedy.
'Two Strings to Her Bow," in Shattuck
Hall, on June 9, as part of their class day
performances. The students are busily
engaged rehearsine their parts under the
direction of Miss Fannie McLean, teacher
of English at the Hieh School.
Following will be the cast of characters:
M. Dumesniel, Mr. Huehes; Mme. Dumesniel,
Miss May Howell ; C'eclle, daughter of Dumes
niel, Mlm Stella West; Condray, godfather of
Ceeile, Richard Ilazeltine; De Leeeval, suitor
of Cecile, Mark White; Baptiste, servant, Carl
I'arker.
Brazilian Gypsies.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 3.— A band of
J'.razilian gypsies, numbering in all about
fifty persons, pitched their tents yesterday
on t lie i>lain near the old powder works on
the West Berkeley shore. The crowd of
unusaul visitors attracted many people
from the surrounding neighborhood to
day, who went to have their futures re
vealed by the withered crone of the band.
Last evening one of the young girls in
the party was severely injured, having
been kicked in the head by a horse, sus
taining concussion of the brain. She was
attended by a local physician and is im
proving.
A Seed-Orower'* Visit.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 3.— W. Atler
Burpee, tbe Philadelphia seed-grower, has
been visiting the State University for the
few days as the guest of Director
Shinn of the department of forestry.
This is the first visit of Mr. Burpee to
California, and he says that he is so favor
ably impressed with the State that there
is a probability of his locating a seed farm
here.
\.f Conte Memorial.
! BRKELEY, Cal., June 3.— Treasurer
Graham of the senior class at the State
University filed his report to-day as to the
son of the treasury of the class of
'96. The cash balance of $75 85 will be
t:irnet over to Dr. Ritter to be added to
tbe L<- (onto memorial fund.
Following is the statement as presented
by the treasurer: Collections, $390 85; dis
bursements, $315; balance, $75 85.
NO CELEBRATION.
Merchants Decide That It Would Be
Better to Assist the Ex
position.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 3.— The directors
of the Merchants' Exchange and of the
Board of Trade, acting as a joint com
mittee, have decided that there shall be
no celebration here on the Fourth. The
reasons given were that it was now too late
to get up a creditable display, and that it
would be much better for the city if the
two organizations would unite and do all
that lay in their power to mane the expo
sition in August a greater success than it
was last year.
This is the first time that these two or
ganizations have ever met together, and in
the past there has been considerable feeling
of hostility between certain members, and
it will, in all probability, result in much
good to the city. It is possible that they
will bold monthly or bi-monthly confer
ences during th- year, at which various
matters that pertain to the city's welfare
will be considered, and arrangements can
be made for united action by the mer
chants and business men.
•—• — * — •
PRINCIPAL INVOLVED.
Hotly Contested School Election in
the Piedmont IMs
trict.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 3.— Residents of
the Piedmont School District are engaged
in a hotly contested battle for one School
Trustee. Superintendent Garlica resides
in the district, and, with Trustee Hufth
Craig, is working for the success of Mr.
Gray for the position.
G. B. Daniels, who has served for a num
ber of years, is out for re-election, and no
one questions bis fitness or ability to fill
the position, but he is ;n favor of retaining
Mrs. French, the principal of tne school,
while some of the district want a man
principal.
Mr. Craig is of this latter opinion, and if
lie can get Gray elected it will be accom
plished,' but should Daniels be re-elected
Mr. Kelly will vote with him, and thus
keep Mrs. French.
CHAUNCEY TAYLOR'S DEATH
Prominent and Highly Respected Citi-
Zen Dies From Apoplexy.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 3.— Chauncey !
Taylor, the well-known business man and ,
capitalist, died at his home, 704 Eighth j
street, this morning just before 7 o'clock, j
as the result of a stroke of apoplexy after
an illness of only three days. He had
been in good health np to Saturday even- ,
ing and his death came as a great shock to
the family and a large circle of friends.
Mr. Taylor was born in Westport, Conn., :
74 years aeo and came to California in
1849 with Hall McAllister and Senator
Gwin. He went to the mines, but came to
Oakland in 1861 and it has been his home
ever since, although he has traveled quite
extensively both in this country and
abroad. He established the first lumber
business which lately has been conducted
under the firm name of Taylor & Co.,
although he has been out of active busi
ness for many yea:s.
Besides the widow he leaves three grown
children, Mrs. W. W. Foote. William
Hinckley Taylor and Henry Benedict Tay
lor. The two sons conduct the lumber
business. Mr. Taylor also had large niter- :
ests in New York City with his brother-in
law, E. E. Benedict. He was a member of
the Pacific Union Club of San Francisco,
the Athenian Club of this city and the
California Pioneers. He was a director of
the Home Mutual Insurance Company
and the Fireman's Fund of San Francisco.
lo 1863 Mr. Taylor was elected Council
man with the late General Kirkham and :
others and served until 1566. Taylor street
in West Oakland was named after him, as
was Kirkham street after his coll ague.
The flag at the City Hall was displayed at
half-mast in his memory. He was a man
of the highest integrity, with an acquaint
ance extending throughout the State The
funeral will be held Friday at 11 a. m.
from the family residence.
MUST REDUCE SALARIES.
The City Council and Board of Kduca-
tion in Conference.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 3. — Messrs.
Mott, Towle, Mannel and Heitman of the
City Council held a conference last night
with Messrs. Evans and Reed of the Board
of Education, with a view of arranging for
a reduction of expenses in the School De
partment. The members of the Council
called attention to the fact that there was
a general desire for a reduction of official
salaries; that the cost of living in Oak
land had been materially reduced; that
business men have been compelled to cut
down salaries and wages, and that it was
j the intention of the Council to reduce out
lays in other departments.
It was finally agreed that the salaries of
the seven principals of primary schools
could be reduced from $2100 each to $1800,
making a saving of $2100. It was agreed
that certain special teachers could be
«pared at a saving of $2000 more. It was
shown that a reduction of $8000 in the ex
penses of the department had been made
last year.
• ♦ — •
SENT TO SAN QUENTIN.
Several Offenders Sentenced in the Su
perior Court for Various Teruas.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
008 Broadway, June 3. )
Thomas Ward of Sunol, who bombarded
a Chinese wasbhouse and filled one of the
Chinamen with shot while on a SDree, was
sentenced to serve two years at San Quen
tin for his fun by Judge Greene to-day.
John Greenbank, who was convicted of
robbing C. W. Hamilton on the Casiro
Valley road of $7, a watch and some
gloves, was sentenced to twenty-tire years
at San Quentin to-day by Judge Greene.
"I can stand on my head for that length of
time," exclaimed Greenbank, insolently.
"It will at least give you time to con
sider," replied the court.
Judge Greene also sentenced John Alsop,
burglary in the second degree, to fifteen
years in San Quentin, and Thomas Me-
Namara, grand larceny, three years in San
Quentin.
•—• — • — •
Merritt Katate Contest.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 3.— The famous
Garcelon will trust contest will be reached
for a decision in the United States Circuit
Court Friday. The trial occupied about
three weeks in October ami November of
last year. It is the suit of Bowdoin Col
lege to obtain the bequest of $400,000 left
it by Mrs. Garcelon, sister of Dr. Samuel
Merritt of this city, to whom he had left
the bulk of his property; $600,000 was also
left for the establishment of a hospital in
this city.
Katate Distributed.
OAKLA^sD, Cal., June 3.— Judge
Greene has ordered a final distribution of
the estate of the late Kate B. Strowbridge
whereby Edith F. Moore receives $200,
Many Moore, mother of decedent, the in
come from seventy shares of the Pacific
Lighting Company, San Francisco; Anna
M. Hatch, a sister, thirty-rive shares of
the same stock, ten shares of the Market
street Railway Company and rest of the
estate.
Picnic at Sunset Park.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 3.— The family
excursion and picnic to take place Satur
day, June 6, at Sunset Park, Santa Cruz
Mountains, will be one of the most delight
ful outings of the season. There will be
dancing, races and game?. Music by the
Fi.'th Regiment band. Trains will leave
foot of Market street, San Francisco, at
8:45 A. M. ; Fourteenth and Franklin
streets, Oakland, at 8:45 a. m. ; Park street,
Alameda, 9:15 A. M. ; returning at sp. m.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
NEARLY DROWNED
IN LAKE MERRITT,
Fashionable Yachting Party
Meet With a Mis
hap.
SAVED BY MAYOR DAVIE.
Three Ladies Have an Unpleas
ant Experience With Mud
and Water.
THEIR YACHT WAS BLOWN OVER
Presented a Sorry Spectacle as They
Returned to the House of
Their Ho-.t.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, June 3. f
A fashionable luncheon party from San
! Francisco was rescued from Lake Merritt
! this evening by Mayor Davie. The parly
consisted ot three ladies and three gentle
men, and, had the accident occurred after
; daric with the rising tide, t ie consequences
| would have been appalling. 'As it was, a
i few ruined co-turaes ana some probable
colds constitute the damages.
Thomas F. Humphreys, whose home is j
: on Peralta Heights, gave a luncheon party |
j to-day to some guests from San Francisco, j
I After lunch it was proposed that the party
j take a sail on Lake Merritt. For several
! hours the little yacht on which they em
. barked sailed beautifully with the aid of
i the fresh breeze, and the party was return
ing when the accident occurred. In tack- j
! ing the boat answered her helm so rapidly \
] that the iadiea did not have time to shift
! to the weather side before the sails were
full. The wind was very fresh and as the
yacht caught its force, with the ladies to
! leeward, it capsized on to its beam ends.
The ladies and gentlemen were thrown
I into the water and their screams at once
attracted attention. The yacht sunk out
of tight and the party stoo«i on it and the
outside sail. There was about four feet
of water where the boat sunk, but ti.ere
was several feet of soit mud and the party
and the yacht were fast sinking out of
sight when Mayor Davie rowed to the
rescue.
The Mayor goes out every evening for an
hour's rowing, and he was passing the
: yacht at a distance of about six hundred i
, feet wben the squall struck it. He pulled |
to the place, and after a long struggle lie
succeeded in getting the three ladies
aboard. His boat is a mere shell with no
keel, ana the water-logged ladies weighted
itaown considerably, and it was with ditfi
culty that they were landed at the boat
house.
A yacht went to the rescue of the three
men and brought them ashore. The
yacht is stuck in the mud and will be
raised to-morrow.
The party, as it returned to the Humph
! rey mansion, was the most woe- begone
that has ever been seen in the fashionable
neighborhood of Peralta Heights. Old
Tommy, the lake boatman, did all he could
to help the unfortunates, but Tommy is not
prepared to supply summer costumes for
shipwrecked maids, and his efforts were
! confined to supplying them with a mat |
' on which they kicked some of the mud off
j their feet and shook some ooze from their
I muddy garments. They then returned to
; the home of their host, leaving a muady
trail along Athol avenue.
HARD ON THE TEACHERS.
Charges Made in Alameda That
Children Are Poorly
Taught.
The Superintendent Declares That
There Is No Foundation for
the Claim.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 3. — The an
nouncement made at the meeting of the
Board of Education last night that teach
ers were not giving satisfaction to the
parents has created a stir in educational
circles. All sorts of rumors are current,
and the teachers are much bestirred and
nervous wondering whose heads are going
to fall into the basket on June 16, on
which date appointments for the next
ye«r are made.
The Superintendent of Scnools, D. J.
Sullivan, in speaking of the matter to-day,
said:
"Last night's remarks were a surprise to
me. I had no idea of such a thing hap
pening. Matters' seemed to me to be run
ning along quite smoothly, and 1 am more
than satisfied at the progress made by
teachers and taught during the last six
months.
"The statement that tho results snown
by our scholars are not equal to those in
other towns around the bay is altogether
erroneous, and I cannot for the life of me
understand on what basis the conclusion
is arrived at.
"There are some teachers who were in
discreet enough to remark when the course
of study was brought into operation that
they did not 'ike it and would not follow
its lines. Time, however, has changed all
that, and they recognize their mistake."
Spea'dng of the quality of instruction
given Mr. Sullivan pointfd out that the
Alameda High School is affiliated to the
university, and its pupils are drafted from
the grammar grades in the other schools.
On the question of the loyalty of the
teachers to their work and the enthusiasm
shown in it he spoke hig.ily. Of their
capabilities generally he spoke in the same
terms.
"There are faults, many grievous ones,
which I would like to correct had I tbe
power. It is the system that is wrong.
All our teachers have passed tbe grammar
grade or the Hitrh School examinations
and crammed for six months or more so as
to pa&s the teachers';county examinations.
They have received certificates as fully
Hedged teachers and are on an equal foot
ing with the principals of the schools.
Really, they had no experience as teachers
in the art of teaching when they obtained
their certificates. They have to get that
afte-ward in our schools.
"Yes, I acknowledge it is at the expense
of the pupils, but I am surprised at the
good results we get when this is taken into
consideration. The State Normal Schools
atChico, San Jose and Los Angeles are no.
use to our teachers, and if they were near
enough the course of training is not yet
equal to that of our High Schools, and ihe
students are not long enough with the
critic teacher to derive any practical ben
efit in the science of education."
Wedded at Midday.
ALAMEDA. Cal., June 3.— Miss Lilian
Durein, daughter of Mrs. G. Durein of 1505
Park street, and Joseph Thompson of San
Francisco, were united in matrimony at
noon to-day. The ceremony took place in
Christ Episcopal Church, the rector, '»V.
M. Lane, officiating.
The bride was becomingly attired in a
light calling costume, relieved by silk and
chiffon, and wore 8 pretty white leghorn
hat with black plumes.
The bridesmaid, Mrs. N. Halcron, the
maid of honor. Miss Janet Thompson, and
the bride's mother, Mrs. G. Durein, all
wore handsome gowns. Louis Durein gave
his sister away. The affair was strictly
private, beinu restricted to the immediate
relatives and friends of the family. The
newly married couple left this afternoon
for Santa Cruz.
Alaineda Republicans.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 3.— The Ala
meda Republican Club will meet next
Saturday night in Tucker Hall, when with
good speakers and a brass band they in
tend to whoop things up.
The Veteran Republican Club has ex
tended an invitation to the "regulars" and
the "stalwarts" to come together and form
one big club as of olden time.
The occasion wili be the night after the
nominations are made at the National Re
publican Convention at St. Louis, when
the nominations will be ratified.
DEMOCRATIC PRIMARIES.
Everything Ready for Holding Them
in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 3.— The execu
tive committee of the Democratic County
Central Committee met to-night and se
lected the polling places for the primaries
to be held Friday in this city. The polls
will be open irom noon to 10 p. m. and are
located as follows:
First Ward. Seventh and Peralta streets; Sec
ond Ward, Twenty-fifth street and Telegraph
aveuue; Third Ward, Market, near Fifteenth
street; Fourth Ward, 9o9 Seventh street; Fifth
Ward. 357 Twelfth street ; Sixth Ward, Galindo
Hotel; Seventh Ward, GUti East Twelfth street.
The four judges to act from each faction
were authorized to name a fifth, who is to
serve on the election board in each waul.
A committee was named in each ward to
arrange the roils in alphabetical order and
have them ready for use by Friday noon.
SUMMER CONFERENCE.
Christian Youup Women to Meet Frl
day at Mills College.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 3.— The first
summer school of the Young Women's
Christian Association under the interna
tional committee will open Friday at
Mills College, and continue through Sun
day, June 1. It is expected that there
will be over 100 young women in attend
ance froni all parts of the State. Bible
study and missionary study, with discus
sions and practical missionary work, will
be the feature of the conference.
Among those who will be in attendance
will be Miss Eva Seevers of Chicago, Miss
Ella de Vof oi Seattle, Mrs. J. N. Bfar.l of
Napa College, Dr. Alice Fish of San Rafael,
Rev. EL S. Chapman, D.D., George S. Eddy
or Yale, Rev. Hoyt of Sacramento, Rev.
E. R. Dille, D.D., of San Francisco; Dr.
llalieck of Tacoma, Mrs. John Korveli of
Fresno.
AT THE CITY THEATERS.
Ada Rehan Will Appear at the
Baldwin To-Night in a
Double Bill.
How the Gallery Boys Long to Join
in the Soudanese Fray at tbe
Grand.
Ada Rehan and the Daly company re
peated their excellent performance of
"Twelfth Night" at the Baldwin Theater
last night. There are only a few more
flays left in which to see the oreanization.
Three productions not piven durinj: the
present season will be crowded into that
time. To-night will gee the double bill of
"Tlio Belle's Stratagem" and "The Honey
moon" and the rest of the week will be
given to "The Taming of the Shtew."
Next Monday Nat C. Goodwin will pre
sent his new play "In Mizzoura" at the
Baldwin.
The Frawley Company has settled
well down to its work in " The
Two Escutcheons," and the audiences,
which continue to be almost as
large as on the opening night, are
getting home a little earlier than on
that occasion, when the recognition of old
favorites ana the welcome extended to the
work of the new performers retarded the
action of the play and made it well on to
ward midnight before people left the thea
ter.
Most of the new members of the com
pany have continued the favorable im
pression they made on Monday. "The
Two Escutcneona" «oes with a good deal
ot verve.
Next week Miss Martha Morton's
comedy-drama, written for William PI.
Crane, will be produced by the Frawleys
at the Columbia.
"The Soudan" is one of the biggest pro
ductions that the Grand has seen under
Morosco's management, and it has found
exceptional favor, for it caters to all
tastes. For the lovers of good old stereo
typed melodrama there is the persecuted
wiie, hunted by the villain, who comes on
dressed in black seeking where to lay her
head and that of her child; artmirersof
the lighter features fairly revel in the
deeds of Leslie Morosco, as a comic law
yer's clerk. Since his travels abroad
Leslie has acquired more finish in his act
ing, as well as an English accent, which
he uses very nicely and does not exag
gerate.
It is the spectacular features in "The
Soudan" which appeal most to the audi
ence, however.
At the assault of the desert city the
gallery boys get so excited that only tne
certainty of breaking their necks prevents
them from jumping down and taking a
hand in the fray.
"Olivette" is drawing cood houses to the
Tivoli. Next week Dellinger's comic
opera, "Lorraine," will be produced, with
Mario Millard, the bright young daughter
of the late Harrison B. Millard, in the title
role.
The Orpheum bill continues to fill the
house. Dixon, Bowers and Dixon make
up excellently as the three hayseeds and
their dancing delights the audience, truth
to tell, quite as much as that of the high
priced and graceful Papinta. The hard
working McAyoy and May are prime
favorites and Lizzie B. Raymond's singing
is as popular as ever. The Meers brothers
continue to do startling feats on a very
slack wire, and the rest of the bill is up to
the Orpheum's standard.
Preparations are now nearly complete
for the opening of the California stock
company season on the 15th inst.
A testimonial benefit will be tendered to
Miss Margaret Craven at the New Auditor
ium on the 12th inst.
The Daly company opens at the Mac
donough Theater, Oakland, next Monday.
A novel play, entitled "Miss Jerry"
will be produced at Metropolitan Temple
next Monday.
The coalfields of the United States have
an araa of nearly 200,000 square miles, or
ten times that of all the other coal-pro
ducing countries in the world.
STATE AND NATION
TO CO-OPERATE,
Plans Completed for the
Big Celebration at
Monterey.
BEAR FLAG JUBILEE.
Fifty Years Ago Americans
Took Possession of Cali
fornia.
OF GREAT LCCAL INTEREST
San Francisco's Exempt Firemen Will
Hold Ceremonies on Portsmouth
Square.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, June 3. f
Major E. A. Sherman, chairman of the
committee of arrangements of the celebra
tion of the jubilee anniversary of the
American occupancy of California, has
completed his programme and made it
public to-day.
The celebration, which will be held
urder the auspices of the Veterans of the
Mexican War, is to be a National and
State affair; and while there are festivities
under the direction of the executive com
mittee at Monterey to be held on the
three days previous under the special
management of Harry Green of that place,
whit h deserves every encouragement, the
celebration of the 7th of July to be com
memorated is especially committed to the
hanus of the committee of arran ements
of the Associated Veterans of the Mexican
War, who originated the movement over
a year ago.
General James W. Forsyth, U. S. A.,
commanding the Department of Califor
nia, and Admiral L. A. Beardsleej U. S.
N.. commanding the Pacific Squadron, are
heartily co-operating to make the celebra
tion worthy of the occasion and a grand
success. Everybody and everything of a
historic nature connected with the
original event of the landing and hoisting
of the American flag at Monterey that
can be gathered there will be assigned a
proper place and due justice done to all.
limited only by time and space allotted
for i he occasion.
The site for the Sloat monument was se
lected on Thursday afternoon last by Lieu
tenant J. Reynolds Landis, U. S. A., the
officer designated by General Forsytb in
conformity with orders received from the
Secretary of War, in which he was as
sisted by Captain Cassius Gillette of the
United States Engineer Corps. It is lo
cated just north of the front angle of old
Fort Halleck on the military reservation
at Monterey on the axis of the round of
the hill and" tifty feet in front of the outer
line of the excavation of theold intrench
ments. The plat is fifty feet square and
the base of the ground plan of the monu
ment exactly twenty-four feet square. The
platform upon which the monument
proper is to be erected will have a front
wall or face six feet in height composed of
three tiers of stones furnished by the fifty
eight counties of the State, and by one
each from the army and the navy, and i
the corner-stone representing the State of j
California, the latter being prepared at
the Kocklin granite quarries in Placer
County. The Boards of Supervisors of]
ten counties have already ordered the
stones to be prepared and others will do
likewise, Solano County furnishing a
beautilul onyx stone from her own quar
ries and Alameda County a tine polished
granite ashlar from the Rocklin quarries.
The site of the monument is about one
third of a mile above and in sight of the |
whole harbor of Monterey and the old
Custom -bouse where the flag was and is to
be raised, which of necessity divides some
what the programme for the ceremonies of
tne day, which require careful adjustment
as to time and locality. There will be a
procession, the landing of the naval forces,
the reading of Commodore Sloat's original
proclamation, the raising of the flag with
salutes from the ships in the harbor and
the batteries of artillery on shore, the cer
emonies of laying the corner-stone, oration,
poem, songs "by public school children and
other incidents 10 connection therewith.
The State of California and all the counties
and the army and navy will be represented
by a young lady chosen from each, or a
proxy supplied when one is unable to be
present.
His Excellency, Governor James. Budd.
has been chosen president of the day.
United Stales Senators Stephen M. White
and George C. Perkins, General James W.
Foreyth and twelve other officers of the
United States Army, Admirals Harmony,
Kirkland and Beardslee, with ten other
officers of the United States Navy, besides
distinguished citizens of all parties who
have rendered service to the Nation and
th" State, nave been impartially selected
as vice-presidents for that occasion, and
the celebration is intended to be solely an
expression of National sentiment and to
meet with the entire approbation of every
citizen who may have the opportunity to
be present.
Major Sherman, with whom the cele
bration originated, said to-day:
"We are now only awaiting a telegram
from the Secretary of War, which we ex
pect to receive in two or three days in re
sponse to letters and report sent of the
location of the site of the monument,
which telegram, as soon as received, will
enable us to complete the programme, as j
contemplated. Everything now promises j
to be a complete success. Supplementary I
to the celebration at Monterey, the Ex
empt Fire Company of San Francisco, at
our request, will at Portsmouth square
have charge of the celebration of the 9th
of July, the fiftieth anniversary of the
raising* of the flag on the plaza and at the
Presidio by Captain J. B. Montgomery of
the United States sloop-of-war Ports
mouth, after whom Montgomery street
and Portsmouth square is named. Salutes
will be fired at the Presidio by order of
General Forsvth, and from the vessels of
war in the harbor of San Francisco, in- |
eluding the little monitor Comanche, on I
the 7th as well as on the 9th of July.
"The ceremonies at San Francisco under j
the direction of the Exempt Firemen j
should receive the support of every citizen,
for they have been on guard duty over
Portsmouth square since 1849, and their
flagstaff is on the same spot where the
American flag was raised iifty years ago
by Captain Montgomery.
"The committee of arrangements of the
Associated Veterans of the Mexican War,
the executive committee at Monterey and
the committee of San Francisco, in aid of
the celebration at Monterey, aro working
together in harmony with the Sloat Monu
ment Association included, to make the
celebration worthy of the Nation and of
the people of the State of California."
STEINMEYER DISAPPEARS.
An Angry Fattier Tries to Get a War
rant for the Fugitive's Arrest.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 3.— The neigh
borhood about Peralta and A streets, in
North Oakland, is greatly worked up
over the conduct of Hugo Steinmeyer, a
butcher. He is a married man, about 48
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Auction Bales
PAVILION AUCTION nOLSE.
319-321 Sutler St., Above Grant Aye.
THIS DAY.
Thursday...... ..June 4, 1896
At 10:30 o'clock a. m.. at salesroom,
I WILL SELL
Two Upright Pianos and the elegant Furnishings
of 3 private residences, consisting of a large va-
riety of Parlor Upholstery, Mirrors, Pictures,
Chamber Sets, Top Mattresses, Sideboards, Ex-
tension Tables, Library Tables, DesKs, Book-
cases, Chairs, Bed Lounges, .Ranges, Kitchen-ware,
Carpets, etc. ; also four genuine Diamond Rings
and one Diamond Pin. S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
J. C. MCTBER. AUCTIONEER.
Office— 6ol California street, corner Kearny.
WILL SELL THIS DAT, -
Thursday ...:.. June 4, 1896
■ • • . at 11 o'clock a. m. sharp,
•AT 338 GOLUhN (iATK AVENUE,
All the Fine Furnishings of an 8-Eoom
House,
Including fine Parlor, Chamber. Dining-room and
Kitchen Furniture, Brussels Carpets, etc -
. . J. C. AIUTHKR, Auctioneer.
ril?fl\ T T H T T ITI T
LLMjAiVI rlJßiUllJiiu.
WILL SELL THIS DAY. AT 11 A. M
At 209 Turk St., Near Jones.
 FRANK W. BUTTERFXELD, Auctioneer,
- ' 19 Montgomery street.
years of age, and has a wife, 25, and three
small children, whom he has left, and is
now keeping in hiding from Chria Olsen,
an angry father, or. at least, that is the
statement made by the latter.
According to the story Olsen tells, his
daughter, who had worked for Steinmeyer
for three years past, was found to be in a
delicate condition, and she charged him
with her downfall. This he acknowledged
and agreed to pay certain amounts to
quiet matters, but, later, backed out.
Olsen then applied for a warrant for
Steinueyer's arrest, but was refused on
the ground that the girl was over 16.
Meanwhile Steinmeyer disappeared aDd
nas not been seen about his place since.
WAS CURED OF
AN EVIL SPIRIT,
It Was Composed of Horse
Hair and Loaded With
Pins.
TRIAL AT HAYWARDS.
Two oi the Witnesses Succumb
.to Mesmerism in the
Court.
CARDS BEVEAL ENEMIES.
One of Them Meets the Mesmerist
and a Warrant and Arrest
Follow.
HAYWARDS, Cal., June 3.— A remark
able story of superstition and belief in
mesmerism as a cure for sickness was told
during the trial of a case in the Justice's
court to-day.
Manuel Rose of Haywards was on trial
for assaulting Manuel Fontes of San Le
andro. Fontes is a Portuguese doctor and
mesmerist, and has a widespread reputa
tion among his conntrymen for the
efficacy of his cures.
Mrs. Dutra is a resident in the hills near
Haywards and is a firm believer in the
power of mesmerism to cure sickness.
For a long time she has suffered with acute
cramps, and at last resolved to seek the
aid of the San Leandro doctor. Before
doing so she told her friend Manuel Rose
of her intention, and Rose told her that
Fontes was a hypocrite and could not
cure.
A few days ago Fontes went to the
Dutra house by request. He drew the
I blinas of the parlor and after giving Mrs.
Dutra half a cup of some potion, which
she drank, he went through the usual
hand-waving performance common to
mesmerists. Mrs. Dutra was soon under
the power and commenced to cough very
violently. Fontes continued his incanta
tions, and when Mrs. Dutra ceased cough
ing and returned to her senses he showed
her a little bunch of horsehair in which
pins had been liberally stuck and told her
that it was the evil spirit that she had
coughed up and which had been troub
ling her.
Mrs. Dutra said nothing, but was rather
skeptical that she had parted with any
such trophy, and Fontes then produced a
park of cards, and after shuffling them he
told Mrs. Dutra that she had some ene
mies, and that they were a man and two
women of the same family, as shown by
the king and two queens that he held in
his band. His patient then decided that
her enemies were Mr. and Mrs. Rose and
their daughter. She told Fontes of her be
lief, and also of what Rose had said of his
powers as a doctor.
Manuel Fontes then left and was not
long in finding Rose. They met on the
street and a wordy quarrel soon developed
into a fist-tight. Doubt exists as to who
was the aggressor, but Fontes caused the
arrest of Rose, and the trial commenced
to-day.
During the taking of the testimony
Manuel Fontes' powers as a mesmerist
were demonstrated very strongly. After
he had looked at Mrs. Dutra for a few
minutes she went into a dead faint. After
the excitement had passed off, one of the
'•queens," Miss Rose, went into a faint,
and again interrupted the proceedings. It
took all day for the story to be told, and
will probably consume a large part of
to-morrow. ______________
John B. Hayes' Death.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 3.— John B.
Hayes, a veteran of the late war, died last
night at his home, 521 Frederick street,
aged 68 years. He was the father of Major
John F. Hayes of the Fifth Regiment in
fantry, N. G. C and leaves a widow, two
sons and two daughters. He resided in
Oakland for twenty-five years.' .
•—• — ♦ — * .
Turned on the G»«.
D. M. Reinesten, a sailmaker by profession,
but more recently employed in the New West
ern Hotel as tiedmaker, was found dead in his
room, 800 Kearny street, yesterday morning.
The deceased had evidently committed
suicide, as the doors and windows were ciosed
and the gas running at full force when the
bod ( y was found.
Fogs are more frequent in October and
November than at any other period of the
year, becan.se, besides the evaporation
GEO. F. LAMSOX AUCTIONEER.
Offlce-410 Kearny St.
TO-MORROW,
Friday June 5, 18P6,
At 11 o'clock a. m., ori the premises,
>'o. 1434 California Street.
I Will, SKI. I. THE
Elegant and Costly Furniture of Residence
COMPBISIXG
Elegant rosewood (rained I'arlor Chairs. Divans
ami sofa, upholstered in riehHsi French tapestry;
1 magnificent rosewood Mirror-back Ktwre. co"st
$175; very riohuruaments. I'aiulingsand Engrav-
ing's: elegant Body IJrussels Carpets; costly Rugs:
several articles furniture In Kenmn-' San Domingo
mahogany: 1 old Colonial Parlor Table: 1 Secre-
tary and Bookcase; 1 mirror- front Wardrobe: 1
set Draws; 1 mapniflcent extra size mirror-front
\Vnr.!robe, with Iledstead. Rurean, Commode and
Washstand. original cost $1000; :■! superior walnut
Chamber Suit.s. with Plate Mirrors: extra white
hair mattresses: bent Pillows aim bedding; dining-
room in walnut, Sideboard, Extension Table:
Dining Suit in h-ather-seated Chairs: China, Glass
and hilvtr-plated Ware; tine Willow Chairs, with.
Laundry and Kitchen Articles.
Teems— Cash.
OEO. K. LAMSON, Auctioneer.
from seas, riveis and lakes there is a con
stant exhalation from the ground in the
form of vapor.
NATIVE SONS CELEBRATE
£1 Dorado Parlor Making Kxtensive
Preparations for an Entertainment
to Be Held June 30.
El Dorado Parlor, Native Sons, is mak
ing extensive preparations for the enter
tainment to be giv n at Native Sons' Hall,
on Mason street, June 30.
The card of invitation is a neat and at
tractive affair and decidedly novel, be-
Novel Invitation Card Jnst Issued by
£1 Dorado Parlor, N. S. G W.
cause it is fashioned after Mr. Vining'i
favorite check system. On the margin of
the card is the reassuring statement that
"no clubs" will be used and the further
indorsement that there is "no check to
your having a good time." Under the
double row of figures appears the legend,
"This check is not transferable and will
■not be received as a fare." Yet this re
ceives a severe contradiction in the next
column, where the holder is toli that it is
good "between 8 p. m. and 1 a. m."
El Dorado Parlor expects to take part in
the great celebration at Stockton Sep
tember 9, anrt this entertainment is ex
pected lo assist largely in making that
event a puccpss.
flepepl
vmfc
IpaM
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks th©
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that ho
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that ,
THESUCCESS OF THESEASOS
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
— —OF THE— .
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL, MIDNIGHT.
REGISTRATION
FOR THE
GENERAL ELECTION.
ALL ELECTORS DESIRING TO VOTE AT
the coming election must be registered re-
gardless of any previous registration.
Registration for the General Election to be held
November 3, 1896, Is now open at the Office of the
Registrar of Votes, In the basement of the north-
east wing of the City Hall, an! will continue until
MONDAY, August 3d. inclusive, when Registra-
tion in the Precincts will commence. ■ --
• W. M. IN TON, Registrar of Votes.
3*l UK Vflll Bore Tnroat, Pimples, Copper-Hi
>ailA"!- lUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores.M
<jßi;iccni In Month, Hair-Kollinp! Write < OOILB|
SIUISKDY CO., SO7 Masonic TempleJH
Chlca<ro, 111., lor proofs of cure*. Cupl-QM
Still, SoOO,OOO. Worst cases cured la ISH
Bto 8S day». 100-page book, free. - jgjj
aßr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
magijm 625 KKVKWST. Established
aßF*it* r w^ in i*:» 4 for the treatment of Private
Hl^i^j^W Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
KOM" B|(li^us<' wearing on bodyand
O|jß£ H Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
toJUBHHHI others fail. Try him. Charges low.
TVHUBHHCii •'<"•' srnariinl «■«■<!. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. W. <i!BBQ>, Box 1» 07, frauicisco.
1314
MININGTHEMOTHER LODE
General Turnbull Explains the
Benefits of Pursuing the
Precious Metal.
Stereoptican Views of Lodes, Ledges
and Seams in the Sierra
Belt.
Union-square Hall was filled last even
ing with ladies and gentlemen to hear a
lecture on pold mining. The Goid Mining
Exchange, in the furtherance of its plan to
assist in the development of gold mining
in California, believed that it could be
aided by a series of lectures given by ex
perts and scientific men upon the great
mineralized belt known al! over the world
as the mother lode of California.
To accomplish this purpose General
Waiter Turnbull has made arrangements
to give a series of lectures upmi the sub
ject, the first of which was .given last
night.
In his opening remarks General Turn
bull said :
"Just who old Father Lode was is not
apparent. However we have great faith
in tbe solid character of the old lady of
the mountains, wlio probably came to
California under the plains, and was well
settled before Marshall and Sutter, or even
Bret Harte and Joaquin Miller, were ever
heard of, and whose shortcomings, if any,
can easily be condoned if she produces
go d enough.
"There is an old widow in the East they
brng about known as Hettie Green, whose
supposed yearly income is abuut live mil
■ Oar rich California widow, old Mother
. and the iittle lodes showed an in
last year of fifteen million?, -o that
mia has still the richest prize in tbe
w..r.d, with titied suitors seeking her
wealth from ali nations, as he;- invest
ments in reaity sbow that fifty millions
will be her annual income before long.
"That the gold was not cast down from
abeve is a fact pretty well established.
How it was released from below by the
convulsive throes of molten masses .;i;ht
ing for place will be told you by .-«nr
speakers here to-night
"At. the present time mining: is not t^e
'nans business as it was in the days
19, where each individual miner dug
md washed out his own pan of dirt,
closely watching for the golden shimmer
and setting a quicksilvei-trap for t:ie
nrnute particles which would otherwise
have been washed away and lost.
••The raining industry now needs an ag
gregation of the poor man's savings to
meet ihe great expense of deep mining,
which is. necessary to success. To afford
an opportunity for the safe investment of
t p-e savings with a certainty of large re
turns tiie Gold Mining Exchange has been
funned.
"It lias already been instrumental in as
si-tins sir meritorious prospects which
Lave been listed in the six weeks of its ex
istence.
"1 now take pleasure in introducing
Professor Harold Fairbanks, who i as so
kindly volunteered to lead us into un
known depths and show us what is hid
den there."
Professor Fairbanks proceeded without
any preliminary remarks to read a very
interesting paper on the formation of gold
quartz veins, lodes and ledges, winding
up with a series of views produced by
stereopticon lamps on a canvas stretched
at the back of the platform, upon which
all the seams, veins and ledges were formed
in the hidden crevices of the rocks of our
State.
George Hogg, a mining engineer, fol
lovved in the same line, only varying by
producing some ludicrous scenes of the
early miners when hunting for hidden
wealth. ______^_^___
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Pauline Schnaittacher to Sylvain Schnalttacher.
lot on N line of Grove street, 82:6 W of Webster,
W 27:6 by N 1»7:6; eift.
Sarah, James C", Maitie, John I>, Annie, Ellen
J.. Alfred L, Leonifle and Fannie A. McKinnon to
Aunabella McMillan, lot on W line of Steiner
street, 125 - of Bush, s 25 by W 110: $10
->lnry J. Condon and Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society (by li P. Oliver, commissioner! to Julius
and Rebecca Radston, lot on s line of Jackson
ctri'ot, 137:6 V, of Scott, W 27:6 by _ 127:81,4;
$8517.
Antoineand Grace Borel to Catherine F. Gar
diner, lot on S line of Bush street, 34 W of Brod
erick, W 33 by s 100: 810.
' enrce E. and Celestine A. Knight to John
Anderson, lot on N line of Elizabeth street, 275
W of Douglass, W 25 by X 114.
Isaac and Sarah Eliaser, Eliza Matties, Rosa
Cohen and Fanny Barnett to David J. O'Brien, lo;
on X line of Natoma street, 190 S of Fourteenth,
s 25 by E 75; $1845.
William A. and Ella J. Patterson to Oi:esto
Tognotti. lot on S l ! ne of Twenty-second street,
lfeO \V of Castro, W 75 by S 228; $10.
Alexander Ericsson to Emilia Erickson, lot on
NE corner of Powell and Washington streets, N
32 by E 52; gift.
David R. Jones to O. F. Willey, lot on N line of
B street, 15:1 I. of Forty-fourth avenue. E 64:11,
N 160, W 25:4, S 165: also lot on NE corner of B
street and Forty-fourth avenue, N 285:10, SE
85:4. W .'BB. W 15:1; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Winnie L.
Vincent, lot 13, plat 3V 2 Omega section ; $300.
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
A. L. and Louisa W. Gregg to John N. Gregg, lots
14 and 15, Broadway Villa Tract, Oakland Town
ship; $10. ■ :: ■■■.
Mrs. E. S. Morse to George Schulz, lot 30, Re
vise 1 .Map Piedmont Cable Tract, Oakland Town
ship: $100.
Estate of James J. Peters et al. (by Commis
sioner) to Standard R. and L. Association, lot on
S corner of Fifth avenue and East Eighteenth
street. SE 100 by SW 50. block 99, Clinton, East
Oakland; $3750.
• E. C. and Mar D. Sessions to Marguerite L. Ken
dall, lot on NE corner of East Twenty-eighth
street, 200 X from SE line of Thirteenth avenue,
NE 127.66 to 8 boundary in town of Lynn, thence
NE :: J 67 to sw line of Valleclto place, thence 81
340, NW 525 to beginning of block 95, Highland
Park, map 2, East oak and; $1.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to K. H.
Pardee, lo- 215 in piatl. Mountain View Ceme
tery, Oakland Township; $157.
Fan be Gallagher to Patrick Gallagher, lot on
S line of Prince street. *9. 09 E of Deakln, E- 44
b- - 136, being lot 3, block 1. map of O. D. Bald
win's subdivision of portio . of Woo'.sey Tract,
Berkeley: $10.
A. R. and Mary Rigcs to Janet Cameron, lo' on
NE corner of Rose and Fourth streets. E 50 by N
10 1, being lots 19 and 30. block 27. I. M. Went
worth Boot and Shoe Company's Tract, Berkeley;
$ 0.
Hallington and Mand B. Booth to F. de Lautour
Booth-Tucker, lots 26 to 29, block 73, also lots 3
an I 4, block 63, except 5 feet off the front Of lots
3 and 4 for widening Orchar.l street, Map 01 sub
division 2 Park pi ice n w known as Benlah,
Brooklyn Township; $1.
Matilda A. Daly, wife of James E.. to Frank
IM'-kert, lot on SE line of Bassett street, 186 SW
of county road Oakland to San Leandro, -W
25xSE 125 being the N l/ 2 lot '-• block 774,
levy Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
T. J. and Flora Pearce to Harry G. Williams, lot
on N line of Tenth street, 100 W of Grove, W £0
by X 100, being lots 24 and 25, block 147, Oak
land; $10.
John R. and Lillian L. C. Fearn to Mary M.
Dimmick, wife of Joseph, lots 21 and 22, block C,
Buena Ventura Tract. Map 2, Brooklyn Township"
glf:.
Niels and Alma Jessen to Henry Warnholz. lots
IS. to 22. 26 and 27. Jessen Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $750.
. Builders' Contracts.
Theresa McKenna with Thomas F. Mitchell, to
erect a two-story bnllding on Oak street, near De
visadero, $3430; contractor, architect.
1 inns Spre^kels (by attorney) with the Rae
Building and Contracting Company, brickwork for
a three-story brick buil-ln: on Market street, bet.
Third and Fourth, $14 per "M"; Reid Bros..ar
chitects.
Claus Spreckels with Thomas H. Day & Sons,
carpenter work on game, $*5i5; same architect.
Claim Spreckela wi;h 1 ahill .v Hall Elevator
Company • elevator work In residence at SW corner
of Van Ness avenue and (lay street, $2950; same
archil' 11.
spring Valley Water Works with George Good
man, concrete work on Geary and Stockton streets.
12 cents i.er cubic foot: < Union 1 ay. an hi
T. J. Mitchell with W. C. Boswall, all work for a
two-story building on N line 01 Clay street, 87:6 W
of Spruce, $2600; J. B. L Romer." architect.
— ♦-—*
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali~
'JO Market street, open until 12 c clock ererj
tight In the year.
BBAKCB OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hcyes street, open until 9:3o o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opM
oniil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth gtreet, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEiS TINGS.
CALIFORNIA LODGE NO 1, F. ■
life-? a nd A. M., will meetTHls (THURS- iV
DAY') EVJ-NING June 4, at 7:30 O'clock. TK_jT
Stated meeting. ' By order of the Master. '^T x
FRANKLIN H. DAY, secretary.
af^-g=» DORIC LODGE, NO. 216, F. AND •
Jjt^^ a. M. semi-annual meeting THlS..j^_
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 7SL_»\
By order of the W. M. '
A. KROXBERG, Secretary.
nt— g= KING SOLOMON'S LODGE.~NO7 ft
iSa 7 260. F. and A. M., cor. Geary and _*\_
steiner sts.— Called meeting THIS(THURS-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third '^tr^
degree. By order of the Master.
HARRY BAhHR, Secretary.
B£s&= GOLDEN W E*T _ODG E, NO. <^j_i_<fe>
lit—? 322, I. O. O. i.. meets ''"O- _25_JSXr_
MGHT. Election of officers and other : S??NJ2*2Sr
business of importance. ' // " lv>>
W. L. OWEN, Noble Grand.
W. A. S. Nicholson, Recording Secretary.
p YERBA BUENA LODGE,
Ct—P so. 15, I. O. O. F. — K<>«tilari>s_-_S__.
meeting THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN-
ING, June 4, at 8 o'clock. Electionof www
officers for the ensuing term.
E. G. HARRISON, N G.
M. S. Jeffkrs Jr., Rec. Sec. .
!£—§=• FRA v CO- AMERICAN _ fc _SK___
*-*'' Lodge No. 207. I. O. O. ¥„ will_|pp_Sl&
meet THURSDAY, June 4, at 8 P. M. **_83_§P
Election of officers for the ensuing '•*■*'"
term. initiation of candidates. Officers and
members are earnestly requested to be present.
T. SEHABIAGUE, N. G.
R. Lavigxk, Secretary.
IP'S* CLAN FRASER NO. 78, O. S. _ «7 >_
Bt^^ C- Complimentary social THIS St. _hiXi7
(THURSDAY) EVENING. 32 O'Far- *vst|_tf
rell st., 8 o'clock. Members and friends ■*=£?■•
cordially Invited. .
8_35» REV. DR. J. Q. A. HENRY WILL LEC-
6^6' ture at Metropolitan Temple, THURSDAY,
June 4, 8 p. k., under the auspices of the Good
Citizenship committee. Subject: "Truth Putting
Her New Boots On."
SPECIAL NOTICES.
'^NOTICE— ABA^NDON^-T^hITIDREN
D_~— ' In the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum
since January, 1895— Martha Frost, age .7 years;
Anna Deeney, age 10 years: Rose Deeney, age 6
years; Margaret McCarthy.age 8 years; Mary Hig-
gins, age 10 years. Respectfully,
SISTERS OF CHARITY.
jrr^> K. HARRISON HA6~REM.OVED FROM
&-* 1118 Market st. to 11 Taylor, room 1.
n_sp ATTORNEY- AT-LAW R. W.KING, RE-
Or^£? moved to Chroaicle bldg., room 91; advice
free: debts, Insolvency, legnl papers, all cases:
fees low; open evenings, 8 to 9.
mt^s 3 COFFIiY'S COLLECTION CO.. 235
I— ~— ' Kearny St.. ejects bad tenants for $10: all
costs paid. Telephone Ked 364.
EP^rg= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
■>» collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st., room 6. Tel. &580.
SITUATIONS VVANTEU-FEMALB.
pOMPETENT GERMAN WOMAN, WITH A
\J girl 7 years, desire- situation: best references:
country. MISS CULLKN, 323 Sutter st.
O YOUNG, STRONG/GERMAN GIRLS WANT
— ' situations to do cooking, general housework or
second work; wages ISO to $25; good references.
c all or address P. D., 4134 Nineteenth St., near
Castro.
\IT A XTED— SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER
>' by neat elderly (American) widow; is capable
doing the entire work of small family: widower's
family preferred. Address J. C, box 134. :hls office.
i <V AN WITH SMALL CHILDREN WOULD
» * like to do sewing or mending or wash nankins
in hotel or res aut tit in return for what is left
after meals. Address W. W.. box 7, this office.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES POSITION
\J in hotel or lodging-bouse as chambermaid or
do general houseworK in small family, orc>re for
house during owner's absence; reference. Call or
address 27Vi Fourth st.
I," K RGE'TTc! TRUSTWORTHY BUSINESS
X_ woman wants situation; store preferred; mod-
erate wages: has first-cias-i references. Address
L. X., ( a.l Branch, Sixteenth and Mission.
YTURVr-CLASS EXPERIENCED CHILD'S
F nurse wishes place: can take charge from birth;
reference: no objection to travel; $25. Address
X., Call Branch Office. Sixteenth aud Mission.
p IBL WISHES SITUATION TO DO GEN-
VX eral housework and cooking in private family.
Call 33i'9 Twenty-second st., near Valencia.
\^UNG~GIRL. 17, WISHES PLACE TO AS-
I sisi with housework and care of children. Ad-
dress G. B , box 63, Call office.
nr ANTED— SITUATION TO NURSE INVA-
' * lid or care for children, either In city or coun-
try. 1 2 _ 1 O'FarreU st., room 22.
"IDOW WISHES SITUATION AS HOUSE-
keener; city or country. Call at 681 Mission
St., room 10, firs: floor.
Q WEDISH ~ GIRL WITH BEST OF CITY
0 references wishes situation; does chamberwork
and waiting at table; also plain sewing. Write 28
Eighth St., room 44.
"{EXPERIENCED LAUNDRESS WISHES
X_ work Thursday and Friday each week. Please
call 211 Lily aye., off Octavia.
"L^XPERIKNCED GERMAN LADY WISHES
X_ any kind of work by the day or week; terms $1
per day. Call 416 Sixth.
WEDISU GIRL WITH REFERENCES
O wishes situation; does upstairs work, waiting
and sewing. Address M. W., 1001b Minna st.
Dai a WA NTS WORK or DO any
kin lof sewing. A p^ly 900 Folsom su
rpWO STERN GIRLS, SECOND work;
I wages $25. 1045 Market st., Yosemite House.
ITUATION WANTED AS COOK OR GEX-
eral work in small private family: competent
American woman; good reference. Address T. E.,
box 74, this office.
ITUATION WAN 1 ED TO DO SEWING AND
O upstairs work or sewing by the day. 2 to Fifth.
■yOUNG «i ml WISHES A .SITUATION TO DO
X seconrt work, take care of child or do sewing.
Call 1117 Hampshire st.
COMPETENT WOMAN WITH THE BEST OF
\j reference wishes situation to do general house-
work in American family; city or country; good
cook. M. J., box 61, Call Office.
RELIABLE WOMA N W l 9 B KSA SITUATION
to take care of children during the day. Apply
2.>1 Third st. ~ "";.£
pOMPETENT RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES
\J any kind of work by the day. 114 Fourtn st.,
room 33.
f^fßsf-CLASs COOK WISHES SITUATION
F in private fami y; understands it thoroughly.
Call a 1331 California st.
I ) E F I N K D GERMAN GIRL WISHES POSI-'
It tion to take care of children ana do upstairs
work; country preferred. Call S. J., 1124 Larkin.
EXPERIENCED SEA3ISTRKSS WISHES EN-
Xj gagements by the day with a dressmaker.
Please call 428 Natoma st. ■
Mi.rYcan WOMAN DESIRES. LIGHT
housework or second work; child 7 years old;
country preferred. 530 Sixth st. ;
pOMPETENT WOMAN. LATELY' FROM THE
\J East; can do French and American cooking;
will goto work at housekeeping; city or county;
wages $15 to $20; good laudress. Cafi 749 Howard.
I pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION:
\J Is good cook: willing to do small washing;
; would be willing to go to Berkeley or Oakland.
Apply 33 Rus» st. :f ■. !•
yOUXG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X as housekeeper: city or country. Call or ad-
dress 3033 Sixteenth si., near Mission. .-• v. :::■
T ADY' OF EXPERIENCE WISHES POSI-
J- tion as housekeeper, companion to invalid or
any position of tru.t; thoroughly reliable: refer-
ences if required. Address MRS. L. S., Oakland
office Call.
A TED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER,
»' lOmpaniou or nurse to a lady: domesticated
and fond of children. Address E. 8., box 73, Call.
A IDDLE-AGED GERMAN LADY WISHES
i'l position as housekeeper; best of references.
Address 1019 Xoe st.
SCOT II WOMAN WANTS SITUATION ; CITY
or country: good cook, baker and laundress;
references: also experienced Infant's nurse wants
position; Protesiatit. Call 537 Minna st.
i) GIhLS WANT SITUATIONS TO ASSIST IN
— < general housework. Call or address 46 Sacra-
mento 81.
V' OUKG GERMAN WOMAN WISHKB
X position as housekeeper In refined widow-
er's family: country preferred. Address V., box
54. all Office.
T> ELIABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
XL as cook or laundress. Apply 611 Ivy aye.
ryRESS MAKER: PERFECT FITTER; FINE
JL/ work: will go out by the day or work home:
reasonable. 41 Eddy st. -:':'■■:'
AM ERICA N CATHOLIC LADY WISHES
position as working housekeeper: competent
to lake full charge; best city references. A. C,
box 39, Call Offi-.e.
CANDINAA'IAN GIRL, 16 YEARS, WOULD
like place for light housework. 318 Brannan.
"Y^OUNG SWEDISH GIRLS WISH "siTUA-
i. lions to do general housework. Apply 1135
Florida st., neur Twenty-fourth.
j rnWO YOUNG GIRLS WISH SITUATIONS
I I to do luht housework and mind baby. Call or
| address 101 Preciia aye., off Mission st., near
Twenty-eighth.
\- : M ; SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUAf
X tion to do general housework or take care of
children: s'.t-ep home. Call or address 742 Folsom
st., near Third. '
R ENcYT ( . IRL WANTS SITUATION TO
X I take care of children or do upstairs work. In-
quire ai 820 Franklin st., Oakland.
■qtylish dressmaker WISHES more
0 engagements by the day in families; good cut-
and filter. 116 Welsh st., near Fourth, between
Bryan; and lsr.-mnan.
T aT)"y! EXPERIENCED TRAVELER.
J-i wishes to go East as nurse or in any capacity
for expense*. Address W. 8., box 62, this office.
STRONG YuUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION
i' to do general housework and plain cooking.
Call 2417 Clay si., near I'll. more. \ ,
pOMPETKNT, RELIABLE WOMAN WITH
\J Ci, lid 8 months old wants situation on a ranch
to do cooking and housework. Address L- C. box
34, Call Office. '
INDUSTRIOUS. HONEST WOMAN
wants situation in hotel or boarding-house or
in the count is willing to work. Address A D..
box 37, Call Office,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
yOCSO VVIDOW \ . FROM ;"- NEW ORLEANS
1 X with a child wishes a housekeeper's pus tion or
! some light work to do. Please call 917 Market St.,
. room 18. -
! \\r INCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
IT Market: 200 rooms: 25c to ?1 60 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
; free bus ana baggage to and iron*, the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTJSD-MALE.
A^rA^D^VIFE^WANT^T'OSITi6ns"oN~A
ranch. FENTON A CO., 122 Geary st.
UNTtSR A CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE '
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
/ HINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT ]
Vj oflice; best help. 41 41/2 O'banel! ; tel. E. 426.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ACO., 640 Clay.
V> «J. li. UOOK'S SUC. SUPPLIES I'UUKS; ALL
X . branches :short notice. 14 Gear v. tel. Grant 48.
W.JIM, CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY.-
. ment office. 637 Commercial. Tel. Black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT,
d office; best help. 3148 sutter:, tel. Grant, 30.
IDDLE-AGEDGENTLI- MAN WOULD LIKE
a p sitlon as salesman: has best of references
I from firm he has been with for the last twelve
j years: salary no object. Address S. E., box 92,
this oflice. .
ANTED— BY A GOOD MAN, A POSITION
»• for city and nearby trade, long experience,
salary or commission or 10th; best references.
Add S. J., pox 91, this oftice.
JAPANESE GARDENER, STEADY, SOBER,
d to do general utility around house, city or coun-
try; reference. CHARLEY IMATSC, 2829
Pacific aye.
I < RIGHT BOY OF 14 WANTS A PLACE;* NOT
'•atrald of work; prefers a place In machine-
shop or butcher business; wages $3: lives home.
Address Industrious, box 80, Call Office.
ANTED-BY MAN AGED 30, EMPLOY-
" &-ent, thoroughly reliable* not afraid of work,
writes a good hand. Address A. E., box 39, Call.
VOUNO MAN WANTS WORK AS CONFEC-
X tioner's assistant in San Francisco, Oakland or
Alameda: attends night school. Address Confec-
tioner, box 89, Call.
BY' STEADY, SOBER, MIDDLE-AGED MAN,
situation as dishwasher In small restaurant or
hotel- last place four years, Address A. S., Call
Office, Oakland.
ANTED— BY INTELLIGENT, MIDDLE-
" aged American, work in a private family;
would go with a camping party. Address M. A.,
box 39. Call Office. ■_
I SITUATION WANTED BY A GOOD YOUNG
] O barber to help out Saturday or steady. Address
B. W., box 60. Call Office.
PAPER-H ANGER, WITH TOOLS. WANTS
X piecework: paper hung 9c per roll. 620 Lar-
kin st.
! JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
d Stevenson st., bet. Fifth and sixth.
L> e Tght YOUNG man DESIRES POSITION
I' as private detective; understands his busi-
ness; strictly confidential. Address S. C, box 55.
Call Office^
\~OUSO MAN WANTS WORK; HANDY AT
X painting, whitewashing, paper-hanging: will
work reasonable by the day: city or country;
good references. ' HARRY, pox 82. Call Office.
pLERK WISHES STEADY* PLACE IN
\J grocery-store; experience had: can furnish
I reference. Address Clerk, box 52, «'all.
Iri OOD EXPERIENCED GERMAN BAR-
i -keeper wishes situation; speaks Scandinavian;
j city or country. Address B. T., box 25, Call.
X'oUNG MAN, WHO HAS JUST COMPLETED
! X a shorthand and business course, wants a sit-
uation in an office. Address J. M. X., 322 Turk.
SITUATION ANTED as ENGINEER:
O good machinist. Address E. S.. box 14, Call
Office.
; YOUNG MAN desires CLERICAL posi-
| JL tion: thorough knowledge of bookkeeping; Al
: penman: first-class .references. Address 142 Sev-
! enth St.,- room 31.
\""OU.NG MAN wants WORK of ANY KIND
X with grocery firm; experienced clerk; will
I drive. wagon; best of reference. Address Clerk,
box 89, Call Office.
yoUKG MAN OF 18 WISHES A POSITION
X In wholesale house: understands bookkeeping
and shorthand. Ad.lressO. HAMILTON, -'.". Perry.
\\r ANTED— POSITION as MECHANICAL
'' engineer; twenty years' experience: very best
Of reference. W. W. FELTKR, 566 Howard St.
RCHARDIsf wants position to take
charge orchard; vine", stock and general farm-
ing; fifteen years' California experience; Al ref-
erences. Address Ranch. 312 / i Fulton st.
■youNGMAN, who thoroughly' under-
X stands designing and cutting ladies' cloaks, de-
sires a position; first-class tailor; good references.
441 Natoma st.
Nil. MANOF 13 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
wishes position as steward or manager in good
i hotel; city or country: the right man for the right
i place. Address Manager, box 34, Call Office. ,
pOMPETENT HOUSE PAINTER, WITH
\J tools, wants work by the day or piecework;
i city or country; will work cheap. Address Painter,
I 23 Pleasant st. »
SITUATIONS WANTED BY GERMAN COU-.
0 pie without children; wife as cook, housekeep-
er or chambormi'id; man to take care of horses,
I cattle and garden, or as porter; references. Call
I or address E., 319 Ellis st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»' Market—Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
A>T AND « IFE ; EASTERN PEOPLE*;
1: an understands general work on private
place, liorsrs, cattle, poultry; wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work; references.
j Address T. 8.. box 63. Call office.
EXPERIENCED - WINE MAKER AND CEL-
X_ larman (German), for the past 10 years fore-
i man in large California wineries, with first-class
j references, seeks employment: country preferred.
j Address box 1, Call Office. Los Angeles.
\\MNCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25r to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus ami hacsacotoand from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
1 An gTrls 'an ifwoM enTca "n" fi xiTsit-
-I\J\J uatlons of all kinds at MURRAY' &
READY'S, 634 Clay st.
IDDLE - AGED GERMAN WOMAN AS
ranch cook, $20, first-class place: cook for
I men, $20: young woman, assistant cook, country,
j $20. MURRAY & READY. 634 Clay st.
I "1 (\ WAITRESSES, DIFFERENT RESORTS
XW and country hotels, $20 each; waitress, 1 lain
hotel, near city, $20. MURRAY <fc READY, 634
Clay st.
\\T ANTED-PROTESTANT COOK, PLAIN
»• wash, a short distance, $25; 2 French and
Irish second girls. $20: nurse, $20; seamstress
and second girl, $20: 3 cooks, German style, $25:
2 waitresses and chambermaids, $20; 3 cooks, in-
I stitution and restaurants. $25 and $30; kitchen
j helper. $20, and a great many girls to fill situations
! in city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO,, 312
sutler st.
ook for COUNTRY BOARDING-HOUSE,
free fare, $25: .waitress, city hotel, $18; Swed-
ish housekeeper, no objection to 1 child, for Solano
1 County, $15; German cooks, $25 and $20: girls for
I housework, city and country, $15 and $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary St.
ANNIE PLOUGH, DANISH GIRL— PLEASE
call. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
WAITRESS, RENO, NEV.. FARE Al>-
" vanced: waitress, resort. $16, room, etc:6
women as. cooks at $15, $20. $25 and $30: IK
houseglrls, $15 per month; 9 houseglrls, $20; 11
I young girls, $8, $10 arid $12 per month, assist,
etc., nice lamilles. MARTIN'S Employment
Agency, 749 Market st.
ANTED-GERMAN COOK, $25: PARLOR-
" maid and waitress, $25, call at 9 o'clock; Ger-
man nurse, $20; infant's nurse. $25; young girls
to assist, $12 and $15; chambermaid and waitress,
hotel, $20. LEON AXDRE, 315 Stockton St.
T AUNDRKSS. $25 TO $30; GERMAN COOK,
XJ $35: 2 second girls, $25 and $20: 15 house-
work girls, city and country, $20 and $26; 6 young
girls, assist, $10 to $16. Miss CULLEN*, 323
Gutter st.
/'HAM AID, PLAIN HOUSE, CITY, $20;
\J waitress, country, $20: shirl-lroner, country
hotel, $30; and girls for housework. R. T. WARD
<fc CO., 610 Clay St.
I 11RL, SPEAKING GERMAN, BAKERY, $20;
"' German, Sw. -iles, for cooking and housework,
wages $20 and $25; active woman for institution.
FENTON €& CO., 122 Geary si.
G~ ERMAN OB SWEDISH COOK, INSTITU-
tion, $10 a week; middle-aged German or
Swedish woman to keep house for one lady, $20 a
mouth; hoiisegirl, Napa City, 2 in family, $26;
waitress, $25; cook, $25; 4 housegirls, $20. Ap-
ply 315 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED FORKLADY WANTED TO
X-i take charge of cloak* and dress alterations;
state fully experience and where formerly cm-
i ployed. Apply by letter only to Manager Cloak
Department, Emporium.
XX ; . [ABLE, INT. "LLIGKNT NIGHT NURSE
for small private hospital: graduate not neces-
sary. Apply 1620 Broadway, near corner of Van
I Ness aye.
H' M ! FOR DOMESTIC WOMAN; WILLING
to sew for same. Address San Mateo, box 126,
j Call Office.
VOUSfTftKItMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
A Housework In small family. 836 Harrison st.
! \\T ANTED— A LITTLE G I RLTOMIND BABY;
I "' good home: small wages. 1107 Oak st.
Tj^IRST-ClJa"ss"cll<)<iil.ATl; DIPPER. CALL
T at once at SCHAEFER'S, 22 Sixth st.
ll' UMAN TO ASSIST HOUSEWORK AND
'» care of children. 1017 Valencia st. -,
ANDS WITH FA TORY EXPERIENCE ON
duck suits and wrappers. S. STEUKR, 1 26 Bth.
O.MAN TO WORK IN THE KITCHEN AT
»» 13b Polk st.
\\T ANTED— A GIRL IfOR GENERAL HOUSE-
»» work. ICO McAllister st.
' \ GENTS WANTED FOR "IEMINA," A WO-
j\- man's book, by Dr. John A. Miller, at his Poly-
cllnlc Pharmacy, 1018 Valencia st. ■" For women
and children free consultations from 2 to 4.
\\r ANTED— A LARGE FIRM DOING AN EX-
-11 tensive business both wholesale and retail
would like to hear from a bright, active woman.
Address Wholesale, box 36, Call Office.
rDDLK-A«KDGERMA*N LADY, WITHOUT
children, for a widower's family with grown
children. Address F. is.. West Berkeley.
HELP "WANTED— Continued.
p GIRL FOR COOkT\ND GENERAL
VJT housework. Call, 2to 5, 604 McAllister st.
IDOLE-AGED WOMAN TO DO LIGHT
housework. 844 Folsom st.
_ PPRF.NTICE TO LEARN ON CUSTOM
__ coats; paid while learning. 503 Pacific.
I FINISHER ON GENTS' WHITK SHIRTS TO
work steady In factory. 521 Valencia st.
WANTED— A GIRL BETWEEN the age OF
'» 20 and 35, for Santa Clara, to assist in the
care of two small children and light housework:
wages $15; references required. Call at 1300 Tay-
lor St., cor. Washington. •
I "PXPKKI EN( ED SCHOOL - TEACH ER IN
XJ another line of worlt; references. W., box 9,
Call Office.
THIRST-CLASS SKIRT-MAKERS. 604 SUT-
-T ter st.
TjMRST-CLASS TAILORESS ON COATS. 504
X 1 Suiter st.
AIRIJRESsING, 25c AND 350: MORNING
and eve classes; lOlessons.9l 50. 1248 Mission.
OAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 541 MARKET
V street.
APPRENTICES-SPECIAL LESSONS EVERY
-t_. Tues. in dress cutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
MOST CONVENIENT A ND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
.per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
RESSMAKJNG, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. MCDOWELL Academy. 213 Powell st.
MALE HELP WANTED.
\ CA MENTOR A LAi*GirisAwl_lL_riso_n
IOVJ pany f of their sawmills and woods; no ex-
perience required; laboring work; steady job and
half fare paid by the company; call early. MUR-
RAY <_ READY, leading employment agents,
634-636 Clay st.
1 n MEN TO DIG IRRIGATION DITCHES,
' v pick fruit, help make hay and assist gener-
ally on a large ranch for a large banking company;
$20 and fo nd : wages paid on the Ist of every
month. MURRAY A READY, leading employ-
mnnt agents. 634-636 Clay st.
9/ 1 FARMERS FOR VINEYARDS, OR-
— A' chards and ranches, $20 and $26 per month
and found; 2choremeu; 2 laborers for a vegetable
garden, $15; man to herd hogs, $15: boy for a
ranch. $100 a year: 20 tiemakers. 8c and 10c each;
charcoal-burner, 10c sack. MURRAY & READ V,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
]>LACKSMITH FOR A SAWMILL CAMP, $30
X) per month and found; stableman, city, 535;
working foreman stableman and drive band-
wagon, city, $3- 50; 10 laborers, city work, $1 60
day. MURRAY & RrADV, Leading Employ-
ment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
p. COOKS. $30 TO $65; 3 WAITERS, $30; 2
*J waiter-boys, $15; 1 oner for .saloon, city, $15:
hotel porter. $20; 3 dishwashers, $10 and $15;
old man to cook on ranch for 3 men, $12; baker,
«6 week. MURRAY & READY. 63-1 and 636 Clay.
HEAD COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $75 TO
SBO. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st,
L-HRST-CLASS PASTRY COOK AND BAKER.
X C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
HEAD WAITER 1""X ~A" RESORT, $40;
cook and second for a resort, $30 and $40;
I cook for private boardlnt-house, $60; third cook,
hotel, $40: pantryman, $30; bellboy, $10. C. R.
HANSEN A Co., 110 Geary St.
I \\r ANTED— FARMER AND WIFE, $30 AND
>> found; 10 laborers for mill and woods. $20
and board, part fare advanced; laundry man, going
wages: milkers, $20, $22 50, $25; choreman for
ranch; cook for camping party, $20 to $25; Jap-
anese waiter. $15; Japanese dlshwasber, $15;
young man to assist In restaurant, $-0, and tier-
man clerk for loduiug-house aDd ranch cook, $15
I and $la, and others. J. F. CKOSETT A Co., 628
Sacramento st.
1 A MORE MEN FOR SAWMILL AND
1 VJ woods to go to-day, $20 and board, half fare
advanced: milker, country, f 26: lartn hands and
haymakers, $20: teamster and wife, $36; second
cook. R. T. WARD A CO., 608 una 61u Clay st.
Ay ANTED— A young COUPLE, man AS
»' porter, wife to do housework, $30: second
Cook, plain hotel. $20; young man to wait on table,
i $.0; . choreboy, family, country, $10, etc. L.
AN DRE, 315 Stockton st.
\\T ANTED— I ERMAKER AND SALES-
'* man for a milk, butter and egg depot in San
! Francisco; must be American and single; first-
; class place: *30 ncr month and found. W. D.
_V__R__CO., 620 Clay st.
\\r ANTED— 2 BOYS TO study mechani-
«' cal and mining engineering; instruction by
practical engineer; position when competent.
Write or call alter 5, '-0-23 Merchants' Exchange.
OOK WANTED FOR A CAMPING TRIP OF
v, : about two mouths; must be a respectable
young man, clean, quick and of good habits. Ap-
ply at room 35, fifth lloor. Mills building.
9 GOOD CLOTHING MEN: ALSO 1 WINDOW"-
--j dresser. H. SUMMERFIELD A CO., 924
Market st.
M 11 > > lk-agedman as bedmaker for
small lodging-house; strictly temperate; *20
and room. Reliable, box 64, this office.
Y|~A.\ EXPERIENCED OX PASTING CARD-
i»I board or paper. Stuparich Manufacturing
Company. 523 -M_r.cet su
'\V anted YO UNO MAN to LEARN BAR-
»» her trade. Inquire at JOE'S, lo7y_ Fifth st.
\\' ANTED — CARRIAGE PAINTERS. 316
>» McAllister st.
pENERAL AGENTS, WITH SMALL CAP-
VJT Hal; a money maker. D., box 133, this oflice.
pOLOREO WAITER; $30. HOTELGAZETTE,
\J 420 Kearny st. . : .-:.:: .
TTaRBER WANTED; YOUNG MAN PRE-
I> ferred. 1083 2 Eighth su _^
ANTED— SECON D COOK. AT BERLIN
>' Restaurant, 249 Fourth st.
\\ \vr ■•:!>- good dishwasher AT 43
M Second st.
OOI)~CAXDY-MAKER WANTED. 1134 VA-
lencia st. 3Sfe»_g
ARBEB, STEADY WORK. 625% FOURTH
street.
v^HOi'MAKER ON REPAIRING. CALL 236
0 Noo st., cor. Sixteenth and Market.
WA n~teT)-man TO ACT as TICKET-
» » Keller and treasurer for a first-class enterprise;
must have $100 as security. Call nt 846 Mission
St., second floor, room C, from 11 a. _. to 2 P. m.
and from 4to81: M. .>ianager.
Cr PARTNER: WELL-PAYING CASH
«!? I ')• business: clears 50 each. 235 Third st.
Wa N . ED AN ENGINEER FOR STATION-
'" ary engine; must, thoroughly understand his
business and care ot dynamo. Address C, box 108
this olllce. giving age, nationality, references, time
at last place and wages required; only a man who
can give convincing proofs of competency will be
employed.
"LURST-CLASS MERCHANT TAILOR CUT-
J ter. Chicago Woolen Mills. 567 Market st.
JOE— PLEASE WRITE AT ONCE; IMPOR-
taut news for you. max, 476 Jersey.
HEAD BUBHELM AN, ONE WHO UNDEl -
stands making alterations and examining
work. 541 Market si.
"VTEW WALDU HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
— 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c to
;week $1 to $2 50; reading-room; strictest alien-
tion to morning calls: clean; quiet; open all night.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD A CO., THE OLD
X reliable attorneys, 1068 East Sixteenth st.,
Oakland, Cal. ' «
BK>l PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st.,opp. Grand Opera-
house: new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $:■!; ladies', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
ELCHO house, 863^ market ST.—
Rooms 20c, a. r )C. to 50c-. night; $1 to $3 week.
JUST OPENED: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
Pacific si., below Keaniy; lodging half price, sc,
10c, Iscper night; clean beds, Bunny rooms.
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
I »' Marine Corps, U. 8, navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; Only citizens of
I the United States or persons who have legally de-
I clared their Intentions to become citizens will be
" accepted; this important, branch of the naval
I service offers special Inducements: giving op-
J portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
j our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Oflice, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal.
pALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 60:
half-solelng 25c up. 959 Howard St.. nr. Sixth.
VST M A~CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
-"V din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
\\ T INCHKsTKK HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
*» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ES. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; _OT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents,
I*' anted- me:j To LKARN barber
" trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
YY ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
'* some simple, thin; to paten IT Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & «O., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
• Beys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted. .
(1 LE R KS'~\ND LA BORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\~> acts adjusted. RATIO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
EST IN CITY— SING > E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $i. $1 25, SI 60 per week.
I Pacific house. Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
P OOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO *1 50
Xt per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm si.
WANTED.TO ( oi.i.kct WAGES DUE LABOR
ersAclerKs. K.XOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
■WHAT CHEER HOUSE, 52a SACRAMENTO
. " St.: 200 rooms; best in the city- sing.c rooms
20 and 26c a night, ?1 a wpek: meals 10c.
\\T ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
*» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 150
large rooms; *_5c per nigh:: $1 to $3 per week.
I IN DELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
1 ' sts.; single furnished mis 75c week, 16c night.
ljll|Mw iv» Take lodging at ioc, 15c
Xvv/ and 20c a night. including cofleu and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
VY r >' A" HE SHOW DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
* ' your old shoes and make them as good as new,
end with our new machines we can do your work
nt one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
IV ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
' '» veek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
nading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay St.
| HELP WANTED-Continued.
DAKBhiRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X* ment secretary, CONRAD 'IRQ ELL, 657 Clay.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEU-
retarv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant are. S. FU CHS.
\J ASSOCIATION OF CAL. KMI'LOY-
J-> menu Secy, P. C. itamann, 289 Vi 0/Farrelfg
T3AR"BERS— 15-CENT SHOP FOR SALE: 2
! •-> chairs: best location; 3 living-rooms: clears
$20 to $25 a wees; trial given; selling on account
| of sickness. Apply Call.
AitBER-SHOP AND TWO SUNNY LIVING-
1^ rooms, all well furnished; large yard; cheap
rent; no opposition: trial given; clears about $100
■ a mouth: Drlce $150 Address M., box 142, Call.
\j ARBERS— 3 GOOD BARBER CHAIRS AND
i> fixtures for sale cheap; to be removed imme-
diately. Apply 222 Stockton st. i
ARBERS— NEAT. WELL-PAYING SHOP
for tale: running 2 chairs: rent $5: price
$150. Apply to BTOLTZ, 630 Market st.
MEN" TO" FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep It. j ■ .
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, " SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 26. 562 Mission.
I "CTREE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOU Be;
J also a bottl tof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
'PRY ACME HUUSIi »57 -UAiiKET ST.. BE-
J low Sit')). for a roAni • '.">■• -■ nii-'i- ■ SI >■ weffk.
AGENTS WANTEI>. ~
WAN^TEd"¥6r~" THE" COAST; A
-»- good selling novelty. 146 a Fifth st- rear.. _
partners ______________
tpTarTn-iTin^hotTsl-^^
i- quired. Owner, 117(5 East Fourteenth st., Oak-
land. . : -
rUKXJTUKE WAX TED. ~
QECOND-UAND fu rniture~vv anted"to
0 fill country orders; I will pay good prices. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. - •
MALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MOBS
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURP, -11 Larkln.
FFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURXI-
. ture, saloons and merchandise; highest price.
Mayer buys your furniture,
. carpets, piano. 11 '> Market: tel. Jessie 761.
PROPERTY WANTED.
1 AND vv'AN^ETSTSrLXRGbTIJODIES FROM
XJ 1000 acres up; improved or unimproved; will
deal with owners only Address Farm, Field and I
' Fireside, Homeseekers' Department, Chicago, 111.
I li r r ED— RESIDKXCE,~TOR STOCK AXD
'* bog ranch, owner, 'JO O Farrell St., room 4.
"\VANTED-_IISCELLANEOUS.
i^i^iTi^LTssTjE^fr^'rTwi lTTexciTa ?e
X I dentistry for furniture. D., box 15. this office.
IGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES', GENTS',
children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
0 elrv to A. KLEIN. ltl!) Sixth St.: send postal.
LOST.
t"6siC."d aft k"b-mj 'wsTspa'n : ie_' dog re-
Xj turn Eighteenth and Shotwell sis., liberal
reward.
1 A DIES' PURSE LOST THIS A. M. CORNER
! JJ Fuiton and Fillmore sts.-. $20 reward, 800
I Webster st.
I'OX - TERRIER SLUT, WHITE BODY,
F blackhead: name Nellie. Return to 3 Lincoln
place; $5 reward.
1 OSIVS2S REWARD— SMALL DOG; TAN
I ' color: black stripe down back; white ring
around neck; white feet and tail. The above re-
; ward will be paid by returning same to W. T.
CLARK. Windsor Hotel. Fifth and Market sts.
_ i^___ FOUND. ■ ■
j *I7^OU^D^WA^ETt^ANTE_T_TTCH^ aTpLY
j F 634 Hermann st. •
EDUCATIONAL. '
arpT^pTano! GUITAIt! mXndoTiN^
singing, French. MISS TIFFANY, 15238u5n.
A TTEND SI IEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
A st. ' The very best individual instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
I manship, Typewriting, etc.,' $1; books free.
P" RIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
es Tues. and Frl. Misses HUDDY, 6a Hyde st.
! NEW . PROPOSITION IN SHORTHAND
j iy writing; common writing requires an average I
! of 5 up or down strokes per sound, and writes 25
1 words per minute: therefore, if you write every
' sound by one up or down stroke you may write
125 words without abbreviations. HECHT'S
school of ten-letter shorthand and typewriting
(two months' course $25), room 706, Spreckels
building, 927 Market si., san Francisco.
BOOKKEEPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
I > ant teaching; \?, time and far more practical
i than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
Professor a. MANSFIKLD, TEACHER~OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
"lOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st.
800 KKPNti, WRITNO, ARITHMTC. GRAM R
XJ day it noclasses: $5 month. 845 Mission
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL.
lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
FANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze bid., r.K7.
V-PaNIWH. FRENCH, GERMAN: MODERATE.
OMelsterscbaft School Languages, 122 O'Farreil s:
RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege. 325 Montgomery St.; Individual Instruc-
: tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
i scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
|>ELA»CO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF acting—
X> Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearied
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7lh and Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, 818-
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay: estab. : 64. VAN DEB NAILLEN. 723 Mitt.
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST
Bookkeeping, bnslneu practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modwa
j languages rapidly taught. W ruo lor catalogue.
\ IUiI'ISCJiUOL';tIEALL. % SI>i,S. C.>LLEoE;JI
I X\ Post: commercial, shorthand, English! low ra at
j 1 A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THK
-A WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
CARPET CLEANING.
REAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-
\J ing Works. Tel, So. 576; 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
JUNES CU CARPET- CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
PARPETS CLEANED, 3c A YARD; LAID 3d.
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
\\rilEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
j *» poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
j pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
KLIN'S CARPET KEATING WORKS. 33?
\J Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
CIITY STEAM CARPET OLEANING.RENOVA-
-* ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
p RE AT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BE AT-
VJ Ing works; latest improved machinery 3c yart.
G. GEORGE, office 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
I PETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON <fe CO., 23 Tenth; taL
South 36. P. MACKINTOSH <fe CO.. successors.
I E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 24'J
O . 14th su; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REX-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: tut, south 22*
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
FRESH DURHAM COW; MILKS 6 GALLONS;
gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
QC RAMBLER — 30-INCH WHEEL; BAR-
I OO gain: $25. 409 Stevenson St., room 16.
j pOMPLETE SET OF BLOCK BOOKS;
\J cheap. ZADIG A CO.. SOB Montgomery st.
FOR SALE- 2 GOOD MINING PROPERTIES;
one almost ready for operation, having devel-
I opment work and mill: the other a regular bullion
; producer, netting $2000 per month. Address Gold
I Mines, box 66, Placerville, Cal.
ICYCLE BARGAINS— TANDEMS, LADIES'
• ' and gents' wheels: don't fail to call and inspect
] before buying. F. R. OR ANN IS & CO., 609
Market St. ■ • *«<
ERE IS A POINTER FOR YOU: CHEAP;
'lemon and white dog: tine retriever; stanch
on a point; winner of second premium in Oakland
dog show: 3 years old. Apply to PAYNE JEW-
ETT, North Temescal P. 0., or 1010 Broadway,
I Oakland. _____
Cj9#-i NEW OAK WHEELER A WILSON NO.
1 tjp_jU. 9 high-arm sewing-machine: 4 drawers;
I cost $65: cause, departure. 205 a Chestnut st,
I T/iOR SALE CHKAP-85-HORSEPOWER EN-
X I gine, boiler, shafting, pulleys, etc. W. E. LEE,
Twenty-fourth st. and Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
TJHMi SALE— A '96 BELVEDERE BICYCLE,
F almost new, with lantern, bell, etc., complete
for $55. Apply 2213 Filimore st.
\TKW & 2ND-HAND " 95" BICYCLES, $25 TO
1. $65. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes sts.
NT X Rs, SUKLVI Ng! SHOWCASES
\J bought and sold. 1121 Market.bet. 7th Bth.
IK-HORSEPOWER GAS oR GASOLINE
O engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay st.
Ti^IRST-CLASS SECOND-HANI) WASHING-
F ton hand press; alsoeighth medium Universal':
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. • Address C. ■ A
! box 100, this office.
ECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE EX-
gines: various sizes : .iran teed perfect order-
I bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call. , ■
BARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
OILERS, ENGINES.2D-UAXDMACHIXERY,
XJ waterptpes. ; Mclntosh <t Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI.
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission.
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
lJ doors, mantels, etc.. fir sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and bnrg'.ar proof safe. 109, 11l Market K.
LMRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. . LETTE
X 1 press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 10. Clay.
VTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
IV hand. W. 8. RAY Mfg Co.- 12 California st.
BUSINESS CHANCES^
VEGETABLE STORE,
<iDOUI/. Al location; horse and wason: re-
ceipts $15 day. BARRETT SKIPP, 9-1 Market.
ffi»csxA BEST CORNER CI<JAR-SIAND IN I
«s>__.oU. city. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market
ffli-'A WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
itj 1 I OV and notion business; clearing over $100
month; building included: ground -rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT <£ SKIFF. 921 Market.
<iil'l\ 1 COR.GROCERY AND BAR; 1 BLOCK j
<iM>U l '.from Market.- St., near Wells-Fargo •
office; doing large trade; death calls owner east. I
WILKE & WOLF, 531 «- al'iornia st. I
A T! ENTION— 2 ACRES CHICKEN RANCH, j
' » house, other improvements, West Berkeley, ,
price $13./0; cash or exchange for good saloon. j ■
WILKK & WOLF, 531 California |
IJ.--A SALOON, WITH LIVING- ROOMS,
«)«.)U. doing average $20 trade per day; near
oceanic Wharf; low rent: lease: a sacrifice.
WILKE & WOLF. 531 California at.
7r r\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR, j
«jp I O\J. witu living-rooms, on I ark in St.; low , ;
rent: good place; kept by owner for years: rare ,
chance. WILKE <fe WOLF, 531 California st.
(j> -n/i CORNER BAB: WESTERN ADDI-
<Jr»JUU. tion; club and living rooms; lease;
money-making place. WILKE, 531 California st.
<j_j\/i CIGAR-STAND WITH LARGE PAT-
iP'Tt)". ronaue on Kearny st.: - established .
years ; rare chance. WX-KK '<_ WOLF, 531 Cala.
Qsunn CORNER BAR, WITH 8 ELEGANT-
tJp»'UI.". lv furnished rooms, all rented; very
best location- lease; rent $66: sacrificed account
sickness. WILKE <fc WOLF, 531 California sU
S~9J-:/» PARTNER WANTED in chop-
-uU. house; excellent paylne place: owner
first-class cook. WILKE «fe WO. F. 631 California.
JOHNSTON ft CO. 'S BARGAINS. ~
O Cigar store, one of the best, on principal street;
low rent; cheap.
Restaurant on Kearny St.; receipts »28 to 930 :
daily: price $650. :
B&Kery, old-established; price $300.
Butcher-shop; 2 horses, wagons: large trade and
route; price $350.
Corner grocery and bar; established 9 years;
•xtra large stock. -
See JOHNSTON & CO., 26V_ Kearny st. ;
fii»7jpf77~CANDY factory and store; ;
i&VUJVJ. corner, in the Mission; value of stock, .
$1000; receipts $15 to $20 dally; living rooms. M.
LESS CO., 783 Va Market st.
<JT_ "I r/v FRUIT AND TaMALE BUSINESS ;
iplu". nort4iofand near Market; clears $16
weekly. M. LESS CO., 783y a Market st.
<s;9^nn FINE corner grocery and
ig)~tJ\J\.i . bar; choice portion Western Ad-
dition; elegantly fitted up; has a well-paying j
trade: best class of custom: big bar trade; good !
outsideroute; cheap rent; owner's occupied ■ ,
in another business which prevents hi in attending 1 .
to this. M. LESS 4 CO.. 783% Market st. I
Qi] Z,r\f\ RESTAURANT AXD OYSTER- ' ,
i?l | ''-'U. house in extra good location, north .
of Market St.: elegantly fitted; everything first-
class throughout: dining-room taxed to its utmost !
capacity; highest, class of custom; best prices;
owner going out of the State. M. LEsS <_ CO..
783V2 Market St. j
JJ»]7X PLEASANT, PROFITABLE BUSI- j
<_)X I O. ness suitable for lady or gentleman: es-
tablished and extending to all the coast and inte-
rior; this is good. KENNY <fc CO., 765 Market. St.
Ci_tfin LODGING-HOUSE: 10 ROOMS AND
»4p —V/V/. bath; most desirable block on Post St.: |
only six minutes' walk from Kearny st. : house full ,
of desirable roomers; is a bargain. KENNY & I
CO, 765 Market st. !
<'>~\(\l'i PAPER ROUTE CLEARING $200
<!P— .'Jv'V/. per month, which will be guaranteed
by owner of paper: trial before buying. KENNY &
CO., 765 Market st. j
19"' LODGING-HOUSE; 11 WELL-FUR- ]
«_!!._; • ''. nished rooms; No, 1 location; low rent;
house full. KENNY & CO., 765 Market.
OlJ '_» C A RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
(p>)t)U. bouse in immediate vicinity of Baldwin ;
Hotel: fine business. KEXX V <fe CO., 765 market. 1
MOTICE— ALL BARGAINS THIS WEEK.
Grocery and bar, offer wanted 9 550
Restaurant, clears $150 month 450
Corner a'.oon, cler.r3 $75 per month 225 I
Branch bakery, 4 rooms, daily receipts $9... 175
Batcher-shop, clears 9250 per month 1000
And for bargains in all kinds of business see (
GUS STRAND. 917 Market St.; established 1884. j
ffljXnfl PARTNER WANTED IN OLD ES. \
<$)O\)\J. tabl'sbed business; best location on
Market St.; fine horses, buggies, etc.; sure to clear
over $100 each, see GUS STRAND, 917 Market. j
i4_QX/k PARTNER WANTED TO-DAt IB i
t]st)i)U. an old established wood and coal !
yard; No. 1 location; clears over expenses $150
apiece. See GUS STRAND, 917 Mar^e-. St.
Oil HA GROCERY AND BAR; FURNITURE
<p±VJVJ. of 4 rooms. HEGARTY, 1004 Market.
rjno BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE a business j
1 of any kind lee G i i STRAND, 917 Market.
VTOTICE! HAVING BUYERS WILLING TO
— invest in some legitimate business, those hav-
ing same see HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st
P ESTAURANT AND COFFEE SALOON: VI- I
XV cinlty of City Hall: business $25 per day; trial [
given. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
sSj^xn" PARTNER WANTED — ai CASH
tjp_.«JU. business, clearing to each $75 per
month: no night or .Sunday work: must devote 8 !
hours each day to business. HEALY, 23 Kearny. j
ft O AA A PARTNER; ONE OF THE BEST
t?£>\s\J\J. paying newspapers in lively northern
town : presses and type all of the latest: all county
printing: object for sellln. need the services 01 en- j
ergetic man. T. LUBELSKi, 7 City Hall aye.
(Bj O7C FINE BUTCHER SHOP WITH '
<IpO I O. three horses and one wagon and all the j
tools: fine location in an interior town; good j
trade; Investigate this fine country place and you
will buy It. S. LUBELSKI. City Hall aye.
POT « ASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF MER-
chandlse. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
I ' ||A GROCERY AND BAH; FIN ES I'AB- |
iPUUv. lished place doing good business; the
stock is fresh: rent cheap and the locality fine: !
see this at o cc; a rare eh nee: good reason for
selling. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
CIJ OHO RESTAURANT AND OYSTER PAR-
tiP'JVJVJ. lor clearing $35 a day; fine locality:
cheap rent; furnished well and a rare bargain; see
this at once; object for selling going to Europe. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
"igTr-TAA BEER" BOTTLING WORKS; 3
O 1 *)VJVJ. teams; fine route; business actually
paying above expenses. $150 month; investigate ;
this rare chance; the place will stand the fullest
investigation. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. •
L'LEGANT Grocery WITH 2 TEAMS;
JT.' well-establish d business: fine location; in- i
vestigate this rare chance, this fine place. T. LU- i
BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. !
<B»OOe RESTUARANT AND COFFEE SA- I
'.—• — loon near City Hall: neat attractive |
place doing Al business: large number regular j
boarders: bargain. • STENBERG COMPANY, ;
632 Market st. j
d__CA RESTAURANT, NEA'LY FITTED, '.
tJpttUU. near the Mint, big steady trade; excel- I
lent chance for 2 ladies or gentleman of energy. !
STEINBERG CO., 632 Market St. . j
flj'-XA CORNER GROCERY. BAR: WEST- I
<jpu«>\/. em Addition: well established; rent for
building only $35: 4 sunny rooms; good place for
man and wife. STE NBERG CO., 632 Market St.
J-Qflfl SALOON IX BUSY PART OF TOWN; \
tJ?O\J\J. cheap rent: don't miss this • bargain.
STENBERG <fe CO.. 632 Market St.
(T.qAAJ"j PARTNER WANTED IN WELL- I
rJiOv/v/''. established steam-laundry In first- i
class running order; has the trade of leading lodg- I
Ing-houses ana restaurants: valuable outside i
routes; horses and wagons; business sure to in- I
crease If properly attended ; hooks open for Inspec- I
tion; full investigation. SsTENBERG CO., 632 I
Market st.
<J_~_liA RELIABLE PARTNER; COMM l B-
«_rtt"U.sion business s6 day. HEGARTY.
1004 Market st. .- . .
-QV(inn HALF INTEREST IN STEAM
<JP _W \JVJ. laundry doing from 8100 to $150 per
day; a bargain. HICKOK * CO., 873V_ Market.
ffl»n(|A FOR HALF INTEREST IX GOOD
•iPUUI/. paying roadside house, or $1100 for all-
fine gardens for private picnics. HICKOK <_ CO .
873V 2 Market St.
(ftlinn ?INE BAKERY AN D COXFECTION-
*\x)U\J\J. cry store, situated on Noe street, near
17th; good stock|on hand; doing good cash busi- i
ness; this is a buy. HICKOK <fc Co., 873y a Mkt.
<£» I flfl GROCERY STORE AND 4 Full" !
iVoMarice"^ rooms. : Ai »* to DECKFR ' i
1020 Market st. ' j
GROCERY-STOKE WITH GUOD AS>u ill XiV '
stock, doing large family trade. This Isa fine j
opportunity to eet good paying business. Particu-
larsof J. B. MIHAN, 509 Kearny st.
O NAP— BARBER-SHOP; 2 CHAIRS, 3 BATH-
O tubs: In country town; no other baths in town-
part security: a bargain. Columbia. 128 Fourth!
ANT ED- PA RTY WITH $2000 TO 93000
"to purchase a one-third or one-half interest in
an enterprise that will pay at leas: $5000 per year.
Only small sum need be paid down, ba.ance can be
placed in. bank as working capital. The present
owner is a professional man, and cannot devote to
it the necessary time. To an honest, reliable man
he Is willing to give entire charge ami manage-
m hmVt«n?, S^ Vely . n ,° ■",""• M b . us «° eM is assured
About 800 acres of land are included in the propo-
sition, only those meaning strict business need
Kox]2r™«c a e g ° Od ' thi »* instigate tnis. |
PARTNER WANTED ON 6-ACRE fruit
ranch stocked with hogs ana poultry: Fruit-
vale. Apply 34 Donohue building. '
C A LOON FOR"SA"LK~SBiMjrWELL STOCKED-
O good location: good reason for selling- no
agents. Address T., box 60, this office.
VJILK BUSINESS OF 30 CANS, RETAIL
rtj B t n^y P J y^_g > gg^ ttnttb<>w>M b * the i6i »
POR. SALOON WITH LIVING ROOMS-
T^haroa? fent: bar 8 aln : Apply 212 Eighth St., cor.
F! JK i,?-V ~ FKUIT AND CANDY STAND;
■1- inside depot. Cor. California st. an 1 Central aye.
RANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS:' SUNNY
■ ■ rooms: good corner; low rent. 449 Guerrero.
PARTNER FOR BOTTI.IN'i BEER BUSI-
■*- ness- experience not necessary. 712 Fourteenth.
ith^r>o SHOES TORE AND GOOD KEPAIR-
_dOV7. ing shop: cause sickness. 106 Ninth st.
A NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
->T- lor cash; city or country. M., box 2, Call.
GROCERY ANdTbarT; WELL STOCKED^
AJ cheap; make offer. 2201 Fifteenth, cor. Noe.
POALYARD; BEST -BARGAIN IN CITY;
V 7 horses, wagons, : etc house rent free: long
lease; no agents. •" Apply Call Office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
_>T KA PARTNER WANTED; STEADY
S?.IOU. man to look bi;<t office, handle cash,
etc., in legitimate basin ■ st, situated across the
bar; experience not necessary; duties easily
learned: has tine horse and buggy: will c.earfroin
$65 to - $75 • per month to euch. See G_O. _1 _. -
AUT, 602 Market st.
_.Q = A CIGAR-STORE, . FINELY FITTED
tfroOXJ. up: large stock; situated on good cor-
ner, at priminent transfer point; owner sick;
must sell; stock will Invoice price asked. GEO.
STEWART, 802 Market st.
(_»ir*nn $slo .cash, coffee saloon
(jplDUl'. and restaurant: one of the finest loca-
tions in the city, near Market .-;•. : elegant fixtures,
well established, trade runs from $50 to *60 per
day; best of reasons for selling. UEO. STEWART,
802 Market st.
„•«...... --J--M-. L. -".FURNISHED— THE "ORAN-
X ite House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame ho;el,
contn'ning parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: In eood repair and line location;
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going into the hotel business: extra Inducements
offered. Address LOUIS KLUMPP, Folsom, Cai.
OARDING-HOUSE; GOOD BARGAIN; OX
Jj account of s'ekness. Apply Call Office.
{hone BUTCHER-SHOP, FIXTURES, _
?p_i I O. horses, wa?on, cart; a whole outfit; old-
established, good trade. For particulars sea
LUHRS BROS., 144 First st.
V-iENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJ lady of means, if>3s capital. 12 Mason st., rm. 3
ANTED-YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
with us: will sell It in 3 clays or treat; we have
buyers for ail kinds of businesses. Columbia, l.a
Fourth st. ' m
TT.LOUR-SACKS FOR SALE; NICE CLEAN,
X I and in good order; always plenty on band. J. a-,
322 Pacific St., basement.
CL'OKnn EXPRESS AND TRANSFER BUSI-
«_S_.OUU. ness: owner here 12 years; $200
month clear; will remain 2 months with buyer;
part cash. Owner, box 23, Call. ■■
TPOR SALE CHEAP— BAKERY AND COFFEE
F saloon, with living-rooms; rent low. 306 Fourth.
EsTAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE: FOR
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 33_1 Mission.
<_»-! 7f! SUITABLE YOUNG MAN TO TAKE
<£>_ I O. equal Interest In stereopticon outfit and
join one of experience now about to surt on an
exhibition and lecture tour, taking In Seattle, Yel-
lowstone Park, Salt Lake, '-osemite, etc. Address
stereopticon, box 109, Call Office. _______
"I.'IRST- CLASS COMMISSION BUSINESS,
1 handling extensive consignments of produce,
poultry and eggs: good will and fixtures; excellent
location; investigate to convince yourself. Ad-
dress E. C, box S7, Cull Office.
MARTINEZ HOTHTL — TO KENT. UNFUR-
nished: terms reasonable; 56 rooms; in good
order. D. J. WEST, Martinez. Cat.
l/OR SALE— SO 9 POST; SUNNY DIM NO
F parlors; rent paid in board.
£• I *)(\(\ GROCERY; 2 ROOMS; HORSE
C I -vU. and wagon. 918 Central aye.. Ala-
meda.
p ROCERY AND BAR:' GOOD LOCATION
vT and business. Apply Call Office.
A LOON AND FIXTURES; PRICE $100; A
bargain. 424 Ninth st.
CjOnik WANTED — PARTNER IN LIGHT
C— ■v.'v;. manufacturing business; remaining
partner thoroughly posted. Address Partner, box
46. Call office.
\\T ANTED- PARTNER WITH $600 IN WELL-
»' established, Ugh: manufacturing business;
large profits. Addres* A, box 82, Call Office.
GOOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, _8_ Market, room 2.
WELL-ESTABLISHED CANDY, TOBACCO
*» ami stationery store, with ice cream and ta-
ma!e parlor attached; .or sale cheap. Apply 1314
Howard st.
OTEL 26 ROOMS, CHEAP: SELL OX AC-
count of sickness; rent $35. Apply this office.
O LEASE IX MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
county, Occidental Hotel and bar: rent $25.
Apply C DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st.
TMRST-CLASS PAYING STEAM LAUNDRY
X for sale; good location: established 20 years; 5
or 10 years' lease of groun '. and building as de-
sired. Address J., box 164, this office.
4 BARGAIN— STATION STORE; GOOD
__ corner location; cheap rent. Address H. B.
box 101, Call Office.
p ROCERY AND BAR; 3 LIVING ROOMS;
Vj good location. Call at 28 Rausch St., bet. Sev-
.' enth and Eighth, Howard and Folsom.
\V ANTFD— RESTAURANT CHEAP FOR
» ' cash. Address S., box 2, this office.
(T_-| -f\ EXPRESS BUSINESS: GOOD
»_SX«JV/. stand; clears $80 per month: sold on
account or sickness. Apply cigar-store, 20."> Larkln.
pOZY SALOON: CENTRAL AND NORTH OF
vJ Market. Address Cozy, box 36, Call: no agents.
OR SALE — CITY DRUGSTORE; GUOD
stocK and location; low price. Address A. L.
P., box 62, Call Office. .
"I^OR SALE — CIGAR AND STATIONERY
F store: good tiring rooms in rear; good opportu-
nity for man and wife. Apply 29 Ninth st.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH-
jtV. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
<ii. 1 50-ROOM HOTEL, NEAR UNION
t_s « O\J\J. iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT <_ SKIFF, 921 Market.
_• o7\ SACRIFICE: 7 ROOM HOUSE: "FULL.
_)OU. BARRETT <fe SKIFF, 921 Market St.
1 C-KOOM" COB. HOUSE, NEAR BALDWIN:
JLO must sell. DKCKER, 1020 Market st.
1 C ROOMS; FINE CORNER $150
1 «-/10-room house, worth $1000; price 40'J
40 rooms: tine for transient 700
20 rooms on Fourth St., only 801)
46 rooms on Marker st ; 250J
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
-ROOM CORNER HOUSE, $650: WORTH
£CX $2500; must be sold. DECKER. 1020 Market.
Of' ROOMS: COUNTRY HOTEL: ON 1 $1200,
OO worth $2000. Apply DECKER, 1020 Market.
in n.MS: ON EDDY ST., N~l_E_Y~FU_£
lv nlshed; $350. DECKER. 10-0 Market st.
OR BARGAINS IN LODGING HOUSES SEE
GUS STRAND. 917 Market st.
TF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODO-
X Ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
&] An LODGING -HOUSE. IS ROOM
*35X.LM'. nicely furnished. HEGARTY, 100*
Market st.
OQ WEI7L-FURNISHEb~ROOMS FOR $600:
_-O low rent. Inquire grocery. 40 sixth Mt.
' FI.'KNITCIU; I OK SALE. '
'mTbw'fpbnitubk V>jir a-koom flat- 531 ist
— ' be sold at once; cause, departure. Call 328
Eddy st.
LEG AXT TAO WOOD BEDROOM SET AT
a sacrifice, 843 Castro.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 .SIXTH. FOR
_A lowest prices on household _obJs, new or good
as new: cash or time: open even Ings,
TjiIRB SALE : ""^ ~~~
J Prices stand 'Ml soods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets ,, $14 "ii
Bed lounges '.'..'... "" a Oil
Stoves ...... \\\\ 753
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard , ... 55
Matting, per yard _j
Till our new building Is erected these* *pVjfcM wiu
stand. Till such time we are conducting bus;oB*§
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission st* J.
NOON AN. '
\i\{\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, JIT:
*t"t/ stoves. $5: parlor seta, $20: foldlne-bejj,
$1»: bed- ounces. $7. T. n. McCarthy 11-J 4'.h.
MUSICAL INSTKUJIENT.S.
<n;7X ALMOST NEW: ROSEWOOD; FOR
<J}I«J. sale on $5 installments. 221 Leaven-
worth st.
FINE DECKER BROS. FOR $125 AND A
•fV square tor $60. 1019 Van Ncs? aye.
GREAT OPPORTU X IT Y : :, FIXE UP-
VJ rights, $125 and $150 each: call early if you
want a bargain. MAtVAIs, 769 Market st.
MAGNUM KM HARDMAX UPRIGHT IX
l'-L first-class order, must be sold at once; a gen-
uine opportunity to secure a splendid piano at a
fraction of its value, iioom 21. 809 Market st.
AX EMERSOX. $200; STERLING. $100;
Bluthner.sUU). RriiiMin's Piano 110u5e.228 Post
.. ''...l iM'_ SiEINWAV UPRIGHT. s\ c-
.i-» nficed: must be sold at once. Room 10, Flood
Building, Fourth and Market MS,
RARE CHANCE TO sT.Ci it.. a" TTTw
from the P. W. SPENCER CO., 333 Post st..
before they remove if une 1 to toeir elegant and
spacious warerooins at 933 M.vfket st., opposite
Mason: bargains in different maKes to save ex-
penses of removal.
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', RUSK
& Gvrts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Pos st.
C CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LUCE OF
' small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
Instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay, violins. $1 ;<5: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. S3-
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes. Banjos, piccolos."
cases tor instruments, violin outfits, etc • new
pianos for rent an 1 sale. J. HARRY sCOTT, 929
Market St., Spreckels building.
<S I •/*-> £ l -\Z, • Ul< -'KKRINO: SCHMITZ, 16
<_iX-^_i. McAllister st., next to Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER. STECK. STEINWAY, STATKAM
O second-hand uprights cheap. 106 McAllister.
S~ HERMAN, CLAY & CO., STEINWAY REP-
resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all trades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everythln" guar-
anteed as represent. 1. Kearny and Butter.
A hnlVhb- LOT Ot ' CELEBRATED HIOH-
xx grade l.L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st.
C'IHICKKHIXU, KN.VBK, STECK, VOSK. STKR-
V^ ling pianos: see our new piano .'or $187: pianos
:or rent. BENJ. CUKTAZ & SON, _____________
K Y v' l/ 'V. MS POST bT.-HOHMlta,
A* M»wby A Evans. Brtygs and other pianos.
CIfERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
VJTI. 31-_>LKK. maker, repairer. - l.atlmni n ..
TYPEWUITEKS.
YOST, $30; CALIGRAPH, $25; SEND FOR
b . X s ample work. SCOTT & Ban N AN, 333 MontyHOUSES TO LET. :
Q ROOMS, PARTLY li IBHSD ; RENT
O Apply at 454 Tenth st.
OUSE, 9 ROOMS: 743 HOWARD ST. IN- '
quire on the premises.
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; SUNNY YARD; RENT '
low. a? Clementina st.
OUSE-A NICE HOUSE" AND OTHERS [
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st.
A] i\ HYDE— OF 7 ROOMS AND
-XU bath. Inquire a: 418.
OO A 9 LEAVENWO R T II — HO USE 10
■* J —^— '■ rooms; beautifully situated; lar^e i '
grounds: rent very mortrrati-. j
FURJfISHKD HOUSES.
xtkw house; M\ CORNER; WESTERN
X> Addition: elegantly furnished; 2 lines of cars
pass house; only adults; responsible parties. Ad
ri-ss F. N.. box ii". Call Office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
I CAGE; Xl NI $20?~ sf^SIiNNA
O street.
pOTIAGE, NKARIA" NEW, 5 ROOMS AND
v bath: latest improvements: fine stable and i
barn. 82S Hampshire i.. near Twenty-first.
/"COTTAGE; $11 ~T~IIOOMS AND II ASK.
\J menu 422^ Ringold, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
«■• l| | AND UP; FINE, CLEAN COTTAGES
(?lv. and nuts. SPECK A, CO., 602 Market st.
OI'XNV COTTAGE; 4 AND 6 ROOMS, BATH,
C? basement and large yard. Dolores and 15th.
FUBNISHJSD FLATS.
\ : MBHED "PLAI 'OF 5" ROOMS
i. \ and bath: piano: reasonable. 120 McAllister.
INK FURNISH FLAT: SUNNY CORNER;
6 rooms; reasonable : afternoons. 800 a Webster.
FLATS TO LET.
,•- . I i.V AN 1. NKAK riITH-NICK D\VEL-
OI "i lin?; 3 rooms: separate yard ; $10.
TTPPER LOWER FLAT OP 9 OR 3 SUNNY
U rooms; bath, laundry; 3d Elgin Park, off. Rid-
ley St., above Valencia.
IUAT OF 7 SUNNY ROOM- AND BATH.
C 2658 Mark, st.; near Castro; rpnt !f 18.
y-UNNV FLATS:* 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
0 garvlen: $13 aud $16. 1706 Post st.
..),| LOWER:. FLAT; 6 KOOMS; BATH;
t£_.U. la ge basejn sunny yard. 137 Page.
r. I • ) LARGE BOOMS; YARD. 409 THIR-
• !•'. leentli -- above Valencia.
-I ('l FULTON— GOOD LOWER FLAT; 6
1 Vi rooms; bath: near City Hall: $18.
TUAT-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X rent by BALDWIN A. HAMMOND, 10 Mont- |
gomery s:.
I CAT STEINER, NEAR SUTTER-LOWEK
1' "'I flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
riUVO NICK FLATS; KENT CHEAP. 89 M I II-
X ri- 1 st., between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
C/ENIENI SUNNY FIVE-ROOM FLAT;
rent $13. Corner Nineteenth and Hartford,
near Castro.
C BUNSI BATH; *219 FIFTEENTH
• ' St.: rent $14; water free: cars 1 block.
",.11 FOUR; NIC- ROOM 8; 916 THIR- I
tjil. ■■ •■-.■•. Guerrero and Market.
ANDS ROOMS; BATH; SII, Si'J.sl"3; ELEC- '
tic lines. 4585 Eighteenth st.
IK FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
J 100 feet from Castro cars: 4 rooms: bath; large
yard: sun alldav: rent $14; water iree.
iA 7 A TWES rY-THIRD; 100 i K ET F RO M
"iU I V Castro cars: lovely suauy a] per flat of 5
rooms: modern improvements; rent only $16;
water free.
V LEU ANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
Ji low Brvant. 5 and *j rooms, bath: ys to .«!>;.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
Ellis Street.
01 X ELLIS— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
OXO complete foi housekeeping; very cheap.
Fifth Street.
Ol j FIFTH— 3 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
OII keeping rooms; bath; no children: private;
Harriet Street.
90 HARRIET — 2 LARGE FURNISHED
— i/ rooms for housekeeping.
Harrison street.
--'i HARRISON — DOUBLE FURNISHED
4 — ''-' rooms, $4 up: housekpngand single, cheap.
Hermann Street. T
9' HERMANN. NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
—t/ rooms: nicely luruished with or without
kitchen; ga.s and 'oath.
Howard stiee..
70 1 HOWARD - BONNY FRONT ROOMS
• V/"i for housekeeping; her rooms; cheap.
"I 1 JO HOWARD— 2 FRONT~SUNNY HOUSE-
11'- keeping rooms; water: range: $12 50.
. Kycle >ire«t.
9' HYDE, COR. GOLDEN GATE: SUNNY
— O corner room; light housekeeping: $8.
Jessie street.
OO i JESSIE— '2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
• )— ."l housekeeping: »10.
Kearny Street.
C OR LESS ROOMS, SUITABLE FOR HOUSE-
O keeping. Kearny St., near Suiter. Gas or
water free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
Lewis Street.
"I £> LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR, NR. LARGE
ID furnished room and kitchen; complete: $12.
jilnna street.
7CM MINNA— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
• O'i housekeeping; no children.
_ilt>bion. 1 ree..
CQQ MISSION — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms; $10, $3 and $7 respectively; single
front sunn;. $5.
Q-1 MISSION— 3 FRONT SUNNY ROOMS
i/t)l furnished complete for housekpg; othe r-i.
New Montgomery Street.
•1 AC NEW MONTGOMERY-SUNNY FRONT
lUO furnished housekeepiug and single rooms;
cheap. ".-■
Ninth Street.
9A FRONT BAY-WINDOW SUITE
— and kitchen, 16: single rooms; gas and water.
Octavia Street.
1 JfiQ OCTAVIA ST.. COR. GEARY— FRESH-
Ii"O )y furnished bay-windows and others; $7
up; kitchens
Point Lobos Avenue.
91 9A PT. LOBOS-3TSCNNY FURNISHED
_ 1 — .U houßekpg rms; bath; $12: no children.
I'olk street.
Ql O POLK— SUNNY. HANDSOMELY FUR- |
•' 1 •) nished alcove, with kitchen, hath, running i
water, gas, etc. : new carpets and furniture, com- '
plete for housekeeping; also sunny flat, 4 rooms; |
reasonable.
l'ovrell Street.
Q-l A POWELL— 3 SUNNY FURNISHED RMS.
Ol A/ complete for housekeeping: reasonable.
sixth Street.
r9Q SIXTH — 4 GOOD UNFURNISHED
«!_-"/ rooms and cellar; also 2 sunny unfurnished
rooms.
(seventh Street.
-I 99 SEVENTH-FURNISHED FRONT SUN-
J.OO ny corner rooms; housekeeping; cheap.
"I OU SEVENTH — 2 SUNNY FURNISHED
XOO front housekeeping rooms; yard; reason-
able.
South Park.
"I A SOUTH PARK; FURNISHED AND US-
-1 \J furnished rooms for housekeeping; reasona-
ble^^
Stockton street.
/<] 1 STOCKTON, NEAR PINE— 4 SPLENDID
Ol 1 unfurnished rooms, with bathroom and \
yard.
/t)9l STOCKTON — TWO NICE ROOMS, :
UlOa partly furnished; large yard ; water free.
1 eliama Street.
A 77 T- HAMA, NR. SIXTH-2 FURNISHED
Til rooms, suitable for man and wife.
j a iiird mi-(!d.
99 a THIRD— UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR
»>O7 housekeeping: water free: $6.
Twelfth Street.
1O I TWELFTH— 2 SUNNY PARTLY FUR-
i Ot niched housekeeping rooms. ''
%Vashington street.
c AO WASHINGTON— SUNNY UNFURNISH-
O\j£ ed housekeeping rooms: running water.
abater Street.
7-11 WEBSTER — 2 OR 3 LARGE HAND-
III some rooms furnishe.l for housekeeping;
las. bath, etc.
Welsh Street.
m WELSH ST., OFF FOURTH — 2 OR 3
1 l"i nicely furnished housekeeping rooms;
cheap.
KOOMS TO LET.
Kourbon Place.
8 BOURBON PLACE, OFF EDDY, NR. STEIN- :
er— Single and double sunny front rooms: oath; I
$6, $8; board if desired.
. uiiy stieet.
C«>9 EDDY — LARGE PARLORS: PIANO,
\JO-J dining-room, kitchen; or would rent sepa-
rately; cheap.
i-iKlith Street.
CHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BT_. i
O si., near Market; furnished and unfurnished. | 1
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued,
—.ills (street.
THE RAMON \, ISO ELLIS: MRS. KATE S.
X HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot & cold water.
OSKDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night.
lolsom Street.
FvOK FOLBOM-$3 50; NEATLY FURNISHED
*J+->*J sunny single room.
TOURNISHED FRONT ROOMS SUITABLE
X for doctor; also single rooms. 1583 Folsom st.
l>tnry Mreo..
X] O GEARY— SUITE OF PARLORS: OTHER
UX.KJ rooms; light housekeeping if desired.
t»oldea l>ato Avenue.
w"l C' GOLDEN GATE AYE.— HANDSOMELY
UX.U furnished rooms, suitable for 1 or 2 gentle-
men.
(■olden Place.
2 GOLDEN PLACE— NICELY FURNISHED
— J snnny room; reasonable.
Grove Street.
A (\Q GROVE— SUNNY FURNISHED BAY-
_.V/O window front room, $8.
Harrison Street.
LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM, WITH
XJ kitchen. 954 Harrison st.
Hermann Street.
9- HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
+-iO rooms; nicely furnished; with or without
kitchen: gas and bath.
Howard Street.
1 OCi HOWARD— LARGE RUNNY BAY-
I-t)"i window room for 1 or 2;. cheap; every
convenience.
)A c }(\ HOWARD— S NEATLY FURNISHED,
— itt<— iU sunny bay-window rooms; tine location;
garden; $25.
dunes Street.
UIJ JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
• single rm. ; also sunny alcove rm. : private.
907 -'ONES— THE ;V AN WINKLK; NEW
—V/ • manacement: elegant cunny suites and
single; newly furnished: bath, etc.; SlO to SHIL
Laskie Street.
91 LASKIE, OFF MISSION, NEAR NINTH—
2 Furnished room, $3 a month.
->«urny street.
A RLINOTON HOUSE, 127 KB ARNT— PLBAS-
J\ ant tunny rooms, en suite &nd single; first d—v
:n every respect; terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
"1 HOT LARKIN ST.— SUNNY FURNISHED
lvvl suite; also single rooms; every con-
venience.
Market Street^
"I AOO MARKET — FURNISHKD SUNNY
IUO- rooms to let: $1 week and up.
VOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PKR
1 night, 35c to $1 : week, $1 50 to .*.">: families.
Slason Street.
C] "I MASON— LARGE, SUNNY' FURNISHED
'/1.1 room; bath; also single room; private
family.
Minna street..
C(\7 MIXN"A. COR. EIGHTH— FUR-
DU 1 nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
).i-mmi street.
THE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION, NEAR
Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern Improvements: ele-
vator: single or en suite: 25c tosl 50 a day.
1 A-" MISSION — CHEAPEST ROOMS IN
1V'«J») the city; housekeeping and others; week
or month.
I UdA MISSION— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
lU__ room; private family.
Natoiua Street.
t)AQ NATOMA. BET. THIRD AND FOURTH—
*-jlO3 sunny front rooms; $3 month.
Octavla Street.
1] (> OCTAVIA, NEAR HAVES— 2 NICELY
tIO furnished sunny front rooms: reasonable.
1 owe.l Streei.
I 99 ' POWELL. COR. GEARY-NICELY" FUR-
I —— O nished sunny front rooms.
Seventh Street.
"I Q SEVENTH — SUNNY FURNISHED
XOU front single rooms; SI per week.
MxiliSiree..
997 SIXTH — FRONT SUITE, SUITABLE
—.— I for doctor or dentist.
shotwell Street.
9QI 6HOTWELL— UNFURNISHED LARGE
—OX bay-window front and back parlors with
small private family.
Stevenson Street.
r.QZ. STEV E NSON — 2 UNFURNISHED
OUO rooms: cheap.
Stockton Street.
r«1 Q STOCKTON — SMALL FURNISHED
UJLO room: cheap.
A 1 7 STOCK TON-2 LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
ttX I rooms; $11; single room. $5 or $6.
sutter ireet.
AT Ti.AU FORMER RATES— FINELY FUR-
n.shed rooms, $2 50 per week. The Shasta,
32Q1/2 Sutterst.
Taylor Street.
1 JQ TAYLOR-NEWLY FURNISHED BUN-
X_t/ ny front rooms single or en suite.
A~\ (\ TAYLOR— 2 SINGLE ROOMS AT $7, AND
_XU 1 double room at $10; modern.
Iliird Street.
A - THIRD— SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
"~i'f suitable for dressmaker or tailor.
BOARDING ANO KOOMS.
* » im)S^n^a^l\~f^r^il^ed~sijnny
I J _. rooms; good table board: $20 up.
Ol 7 JONES-NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS,
OX 1 single or suites, with board; snmmerprices. '
7] n GEA::Y — FIRST-CLASS ROOM AND |
I J.u board; references.
\\r ANTED — SUMMER BOARDERS: HOME
* » cooking: convenient to electric and local steam
cars. 1142 Seventeenth St., East Oak'and.
1 71 C POLK (NORM ANDIE)— ELEGANT
I lit) rooms, single and suites; newly fur-
nished: opens June 1 as a first-class family hotel;
references.
OTKL BEKTLING. 714 I^LSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
ern conveniences. ,
(~IH FA PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. *
CHILDREN ItOAKUEI).
T\riDOW v■u ■ i-h bs childrbiTtoboarS;
'' furnished room for parent. 916 Jackson st.
ANTED— INFANT OR CHILD TO BOARD;
'" good caVe; reasonable. 1413 Sacramento st.
T)EsPECTABLE GERMAN FAMILY WANTS
It 1 or 2 children to board and care for; large
play-ground; garden: first-class home cooking;
all plain and fancy needlework taught free to 1
girls: reasonable. Address W. E.. box 81. Call.
STOKES TO LET. ;", ,
A] ft FOURTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
ttXU in rear; suitable for any retail business; low
rent. Apply to G. 11. UMBsE'n & CO., 14 Montg'y.
T AKGE STORE AN D LOFT; USE OF LE V
XJ tor; Mission si., bet. Third and Fourth: rent
reasonable. Inquire K. PETERSON. 324 Hush st.
OFFICES TO LET.
AVI7rG^njNI^Nn3UILLTrVG7^LToTIT7~D& J
O si ra We offices. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st.
"l TAYLOR, COH. TURK-ESTABLISHED
J V/_J doctor's office; corner; sunny; rent rea-
sononab c.
<)[ \ O'FARRELL— SUNNY FRONT OFFICES,
-.V electric lights, elevator and janitor service* j
QOQ MARKET, OPP. MA SON -LOFTS OF
000 various sizes; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises.
Q^PRECKELS "BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
O Elfgant stinnv offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
f.rn. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
v HOItSES.
"I C A sets new^^7STec7)nl>^anl?ha"i^
XOyj ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts ; must be sold. 1128 Mission st
AUCTION BALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES,
wagons,' harness, etc.. at Derby stables. 645
Geary.cor. 1-eavenworth. Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
F x (\(\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\f\J ness; all kinds: liiiKgy.wacon, carts, surrey
& rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
4t\ HORSES FOR SALE"; ALSO WAGONS,
tiU buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORsES PASTURED; SEND FOR ( IRCU-
if,r. The }Ivd» Ranch. 630 Commprclal st.
WAGONS AM) CAKKIAOES.
17HJR REJTT— FIBBT-CLASa CAMP WagonT
■suitable for , 4 persons; with baggage, etc. ;
with or without stove and tent. L. F. SALBACH, ■
310 East Channel St., Stockton.
TANDING-TOPEOCTOR'S PHAETON: GOOD
as new. At ROBERTS', 1613 Market.
LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
samples. H. M. IJEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
EW AND SKCON AND BAKERS', LAUN-
X^ dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1890.
PERSONALS.
1 17" ANTED-BY~A~^' IDO\VeIT~a'n~AM E Rl-
' * can woman as housekeeper and companion.
Address E.C. A., box 133, Call Office. -
VLL ABuTJT -marrying according to
-V Science"; sent free. Address Delineator, 1055
Murki-ts:. . -
'UARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
«- and Newspaper Illustration; ,day and evening
•Masses: instructors, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partington, R. L. Partington. Particulars 421 Pine.
XE W AItD- MASTER PAINTERS' AS-
soclation offer a reward of $20 for information
leading to the arrest and conviction of any one
stealing tools or material from any of the places
where work is being done.
A DVIC_ FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
-iv dally; private: no charse unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collection?, wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. G.W. HO\VE,atty-at-law. 850 Market st
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL.; A FULL
course taught in six weeics; competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden l.ate aye.
DAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
1 1 also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, Cal.
Parties WANTING A FIRST-CLASS loca-
X. tlou for sanitarium or hospital for less than
half its value < an hear of such by addressing S. 11.,
box 99, Call Office, S. F.
MY PARTNER (WILLIAM ARCHAKD) HA V-
i'l ing left the restaurant business at 604 Third
st. I will no longer be responsible for any d»'bts
contracted by him. John LOPEZ.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
'• low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
ALLORY & SWANSON, CONTRACT <
and builders; store, bank and office fixtures.
41 Taylor st. "-•
C> AMPERS' COTTAGE; STOVE; WOOD;
shooting: ranch; Napa mountains. Apply
1 138 I ■• Alabama st. .
A GNES-GKT YOUR HAIR DRESSED TO-
-t\. uight at G. LEDaREK's, 111 Stockton St.;
don't get him mixed up with the others; he Is
nearest Geary St.: he Is undoubtedly the best and
his price is only 25 cents. BESS.
AIR DRESSED. 25c: SHAMPOO, 25c; MAN
icure, 25c. BUTLER'S. 131 Post, r. 20,elevtr.
CONSUMPTION TREATED BY A NEW
method. DR. AMERICAN, 361,2 Geary St.;
hours 13 to 2:3U
Geo. W. PHELPS, ATTORNEY- AT-LAW, 215
Sansome St., room 4.
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company,lll7 Market st.,bet 7tb and 8:h.
Til X ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 Sixth st: children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c. ; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c
1--11AL ADVANCES ON DIA.MO.MJ3, JKW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
SPECIAL-Si SrifpPEß- CO., MERCHANT
Tailors. Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 .up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self-measurement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
fTIRUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer company, 43 Sutter St.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
I llfHl CARDS, $160: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
X\ I \J\J tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary st., r. 39.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash : cures scalp diseases: take no other.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
One edge put on razor for 25 cent*
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
■•» can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress poods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
-1 11 11. i is. 213-215 Mason St.; open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SSTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
CITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 133
Geary, retr-cred from Larkln st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
T>lG OUTDOOR STEKKOPTICUNSHOW KVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market St.
0~ L.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 'ia. cor. Jessie.
-OAKS, CAPES ANi* sUl'l- RETAILED AT
vV rofrs' cost. Factors. 'JO sansomn St.. upstairs.
\ rt'EiiK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
-f V WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
DIUiSSMAKEKS.
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. 505 ! ; 4 Natoma St.. above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS. '
-~~~ ' -'■''-'-'-''" "~--~^~---~ ~""'"'"""a
J\. 50 cts and I*l—so cts and $1 —50 cts and $1.
'•KNOWLEDGE IS POWiSU."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DX VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. AH
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of Interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation. Investment*, insurance, love,
courtship, -marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and burled treasures, find lost
or stolen property. Interpret dreams, cure Dad
habits and destroy evil influence:-) Iv half the
time required by the best of the otber mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: tney are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to Bp. m. Sundays 2 to 6P. — .
Letters containing stamps answer*!.
PROFS. EUGENE _ VAN DE VERE,
172 a Market st.
"\l ME." LEGETTE; PRESENT. PAST AND
— »i future: 25c. 311 Tebnma, upstair*, nr. Fourth.
MKS DR. B. REYNOLDS, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium; life readings with full diag-
nosis of mental and physical difficulties given
without asking questions. 8 Mason st., cor. Mar-
ket, room 8.
MM '. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUgTT-
Ier, Is a born medium: guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materialize*
before your own eyes, so no fraud is practiced upon
the public, for 60c and $1; call and be ronvinoed of
her wonderful gift. Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Market st.
MME. TRIE. celebrated gypsy, gives
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City; greatest card reader on
the coast. Rooms 44-45," 306 Stockton st. Hours
9 to 8; elevator.
PTrofTcTIEON, 1007 MARKET., NR. SIXTH;
wonderful power; advice on all affairs: busi-
ness confidential; letters $2: 9to 8; also Sunday.
I ,O NOT FAIL~TO CONSULT PROF. X. L.
I ' Carnelle, the celebrated clairvoyant and busi-
ness medium: he gives correct information on
love, courtship, marriages. Journeys, lawsuits,
mining speculations and all family affairs; tells
you where to go and wnat to do to tie successful,
reunites the separated and causes a speed >■ mar-
riage with the one of your choice: letters with
stAmp answered. 220 Eddy St. ; hours 9to 9.
ETHEL AY, CLAIRVOYANT AND PALM-
-Ist; mental magnetic healing. 1362 a Market st.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY- |
ant, curd-reader, born with a douole veil and
second sight; ladies 50c gents $1; palmistry and '
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk St., nr. Jones.
ME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. VENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
vpsy liTe-rkadek; LADIES. 25cT
(rents, SOo; readings daily except Sun. 5 7th.
ME. SYBILLE FROM CRADLKi TO
the grave: fee _6 cents. 914 O'Farreil et.
M X. AKNDT, BE.ST FORTUNE TELI^CR IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
pETURNEI*, IT.RENOW NED MME.
i.l SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
|r.'B'-n; and future: prices moderate. 556 Mission.
SFIIUTUALISM.
MRS. GRIFF IN, PARLOR TEST MEETING
at Mrs. Shriuer's to-night, 10c. 311 Van Ness
avenue.
rjpl -T CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, ICC. MME.YOUNG,
1 605 McAllister. Skeptics invited.
DWIN EARLE WILL HOLD A SEANCE AT !
Odd Fellow all Sunday night, June 7.
A DDIE SWAIN WILL BE AT 1055 MARKET
--. tiU but a fe^- days longer: ladies only.
ME. DR./ THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Kcarjny. now 929 Post; fee $1 ; letter $2.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY^ CL A I V ANT
trance alodium : sittings $1. 21 8 Stockton si.
—? _______________ __
ASTROLOGY.
D*~~S7M^ATrA^fSwliß^ V AXL^^ST?O^J_rBY
planets: dally or by mall, $2. Mi; Geary st. ' -'
~7 AT'TOIINKYS- AT-LAW.
* i>\ jck t bes^Xdlvohceiia !\&a '^x srac?
IV. ally; private; do charge unless successful; all
lawsuit*, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
V" 1 " E. PHILLI PS— U. S. AND STATE COURTS;
XJ[. R. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates: charges moderate. Offices 608 California hU
\J. NOLEN, ATTORNEY-AT-LaAV. 719
. Market st. : advice free.
rp J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law; advice fixe. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
"\ir~W k DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY- A T-LAW.42O
TT . California st.. rooms 14 and 16: nd vice free.
BTOItAC^ . "
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN TH BTciTY;iTsi>
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
I^L'K"NITt r PI A OS, TRUNKS; AD-
JD vances. shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR, 2O4 Post.
m H. ROoNEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
X .rttliced rales: basement storage, sl 50 per load
T OWES I' RATES— FURNITURE. PIANOS,
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. :**erce, 735 Market.
All. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern plar..
A PPLY FOR RATES £OR STORING FURNI*
-Tl lure, eta SHIREK .V BHIRKK. 747 Market.-'
..-. .' SEWING MACHINES.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLdTeXCHaNGB IO,"
ii. Re-ted, repaired ; lowest rates. -05 JfourU v.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE
....AT....
AUCTION,
at 12 o'clock noon, at the salesroom of
O'FARKELL & CO..
11 MONTGOMERY STREET,
LICK HOUSE BLOCK.
THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
RALLY LOCATED INVESTMENT;
\J Taylor St., W. side, 137:6 S. of Ellis; 2-story
house of 8 room* ana bath: 211 Taylor st.: rents
$45; only a few steps from Market st. : could be
made a line investment; street paved and accepted.
A DMTNISTRATOR'S SALE: BRYANT ST.,
XV S. side, 225 feet W. of fclxth: 819, 821 and
823 Bryant st. ; 3 cottages of 4 rooms and base-
ment each; rents $45 per month; streets paved
and accepted; electric-cars pass the property: lot
50x75: terms cash, subject to confirmation of the
Superior Court; we can negotiate loan if desired.
"I7ILEGANT OAK-ST. BUILDING LOT— I
Xli lot on the north side of Oak st., 127:6 west of
Fillmore st,; a few steps from the Fillmore-st.
electric cars: oak st. paved and accepted by the
city; fine surroundings: size 25x137:6; terms;
$2100 can remain on mortgage iv Hibernia Bank
at CVi per cent.
LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS— WEST SIDE
of Mason st., 118:7 feet north of Lombard St.;
2111 Mason st.; four flats; one of 4 rooms; three
of 5 rooms each : stable in rear; lot has two front-
ages; rents $41; street paved and accepted; size
19:6x122:6 to rear street; terms cash.
rpENTH-'-T. BUSINESS PROPERTY; 10TH
X st., E. side, commencing 100 feet N. of Folsom
St.; live business lots, 'five minutes' walk from ho
City Hall and on the main highway to the Potrero:
street -paved and accepted; bitumen sidewalk;
should be improved with stores ami flats: electric-
cars will soon pass this property: 4 lots 25x100. and
one 35x100; terms cash: we can negotiate a loan
if desired.
OAK ST., N. SIDE. 75 FEET E. OF SCOTT; 922
Oak st.: 2-story modern house 7 rooms and
bath: street paved and accepted: stone sidewalk;
1 block from Devisadero street electric-cars; lot 25
xIOO; terms cash.
piCHMOND BUILDING LOTS: REFEREE'S
XV sale; 2 lots 25x120 each, W. side of 11th aye.,
125 feet S. of Point Lobos road; level and ready to
build ou ; street graded, sewered and macadamized ;
terms cash. _____
SOUTH BRODERICK, NEAP. HAIGHT AND
Baker— Two flats. 9 and 11, South Broderlck :
6 rooms find bath each; sheltered from the wind
and fog; tine view; a short walk from Haight-st.
cable-cars: rent $30 per month: lot 36x128; terms:
$2100 can remain ou mortgage, liibcrnla Bank,
interest 6V2 P er cent. _____
/CENTRALLY LOCATED HOWARD-ST. IN-
\J vestment— Howard St.. north side, 225 feet
east of seventh: 1066, 1066 V? and 1068 14 How-
ard; store and 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath:
rents $61 hit month: close to the new 1 ost Office
site and new City Hall; street paved and accepted;
cable-cars pass the property; lot 25x90: terms,
cash above mortgage of $3100, at t5V_. per cent,
Hlbernia Bank.
YALENCIA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY—
\ Two lots on the west line of Valencia st., 107
feet north of 21th; coming business property; lots
extra width: street paved and accepted; cable-cars
pass the property; should be Improved with stores
and flats; each lot 35:3x90; terms cash; we can
negotiate loan if desired. ;
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALE — BRYANT-ST.
xtl flats: Bryant st., south side, 121 feet east of
Third; 457 and 457% Bryant St.; two flats, one of
6 rooms and bath and one of 3 rooms; rents
$37 50: street paved and accepted by the city;
Thlrd-st. electric cars a few steps away ; lot has two
frontages; size 22x80 to Park lane; terms cash,
subject to confirmation of Superior Court: we can
negotiate loan If desired.
COZY COTTAGE— CLINTON PARK, SOUTH
side, 180 feet east of Dolores St., No. 265; cozy
cottage of 6 rooms and bath, near Market^nd Va-
lencia sts., only 15 minutes irom Kearny st. ; lot
25x75; terms cash; we can negotiate loan if de-
sired.
pHERTNUT ST.— NORTH SIDE. 75 FEET
\J east of Dupont, 140 Chestnut St., 2-story
house of 8 rooms, divided into tenements; brick
foundation: rent si 25; lot 22:6x122:6 to alley;
email piece out as per diagram; terms cash.
For further particulars apply to
AKKELL & CO.. Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery st.
GREAT BARGAIN— TO CLOSE OUT PART
vX nershlp: a well located piece of business prop-
erty on one of the principal business streets of -an
Francisco that now pays 5 per cent, net on $90,-
-000': will sell at $80,000.
EDWIN K. ALSIP ft CO., room 29, second floor,
Mills building. .
UST BE SOLD IN THE NEXT 10 DAYS. t
$10,000-See this beautiful business corner;
HW. cor. Fclsoin and 21st sts; 95x90: oiler wanted.
?27'i0 — 2 lots 25xli 0 each; N. side of Page si..,
37 feet from Shrader: o«*t. Shrader and Steiner;
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Markets*.
¥urJA NEW COTTAGE AND LOT; FIVE
O l "v/. rooms: hard finished. Inquire -10 An-
dover aye., bet. Crescent and East aye., Holly Park
Tract.
SOL GETZ <fc BRO., ~
REAL-ESTATE OWNERS)
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
YEW BLOCKS, NEW LOTS.
.<.' for homes or investments at great bargains. |
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice j
bargains.
<j>'7- TO $200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
«Jp I>J boulevard; $10 down, $5 monthly. SOL
GETS & BRO. ■
(»>)|)H $400. $450, 5500 T(5 $1 100 —
iJOUU, Choicest lots in Richmond; near Sutro
electric-car line and near new concert grounds.
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms 10 suit purchasers. SOL GETZ <_
BRO. .
<£"! f\f\ To $250-BUILDING LOTS, NEAR
«IP J-Uvf Mission-st. and electric-car lines: only
$10 down, $5 monthly. SOL GETZ A BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS,
SOL GETZ & BRO., OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
PLENDID
O 1 UILDING LOTS
AT EXTRIMELY LOW PRICES.
FRONTING THE PARK (H ST.)
FRONTING I ST.
FRONTING »TH AVK.
.FRONTING 10 1 II AYE.
We desire to call to your attention the block j
bounded as above; we believe that if you will give I
this property your consideration you will be fa- ]
vorably impressed with Its aesinibllity either for j
Investment or residence purposes: the block has •
been graded: gas and water Is piped to the prop- 1
erty: the s" reels are on the official grade.
PRICK f750 AND UPWARD.
Tr.KMS— CASH, 810 MONTHLY.
Remember, this property tact's the park at the |
Nlnth-ave. entrance and is very close to the site
for the afllliateu colleges; send for a diagram.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
.- 10 Montgomery st.
________________ „ _________
Q7 LOTS SO L D
O I 13 LOTS LEFT.
IF YOU WANT ONE BE QUICK.
11th and 12th ayes., bet. California and Lake
sts.: $700— cash, $10 monthly: streets all
sewered, graded and- macadamized; water pipes
laid; level and ready to build on; on the line of
the Cailtornia-su cars and one block from Sutro
electric line; go to-day and see them; cheapest
lots in Richmond.""
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
FEW "SPECIAL DRIVES" IN HOME AND
Investment lots this week. THE MCCARTHY
COMPANY, 640 Market St.
Ij^Oß SALE— LOTS HAVING A FRONTAGE
" of 383 feet on the southeasterly side of Mission
St., from Precita aye. to Serpentine aye., and also
having a frontage of 183 feet on Precita aye. Also
lot on south line of Washington si.: 25 feet 10
Inches east of Dupont: 26x40 rpet: with 2-story
brick building thereon; renting for $83 per month;
good tenant. .. =•■ *.■■••■"
Bids will be received for the entire property or
for any portion of the same up to June 1, 1896, by
WALTER HOGK at 18 Post st., San Francisco,
care of JOHN H. ORADY.
Mission street accepted and sidewalk in front of
the property laid with bitumen and granite curb. 1
ÜBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE built !
k3 at from $160 to $275 a room; call and see 1
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
JACOB t HEY MAN. REAL ESTATE, HAS
removed to 11 Montgomery st. \
ARGAIN; SACRIFICE; No REASONABLE
offer refused; beautiful home; grand view;
large grounds; water, stable, etc. ; would exchange.
BHADBURNE, 415 Montgomery st.
<njCnACABH: BALANCE LIKE RENT:
tjP O\JIJ fine 2-story bow-window residence, 10
rooms, 1 bath and modern conveniences; lot 25x
100; McAllister St., bet. Broderick and Baker:
cable-cars pass.
. THOMAS MAGEE <£ SONS. 4 Montgomery st.
SALE. CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES;
X lot 27:6x85: 7. rooms; bath; finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking i
tubes; stone walks. On Waller st., near Stanyan, j
half block from Golden Gate Park.
<mo.j/-\r» SMALL AMOUNT DOWN, WILL
«]p»>«)Uv/. buy a lovely 7-room cottage located
on E. side of Castro st., near 23d ; lot 1051 fine-
ly decorated spacious rooms; stairs in front hall to
attic: porcelain tub; everything modern through-
out; $30 per month don't fall to call and examine
It. S. A. BORN, owner and builder. 4076 24ih su
HEAP; HIGH LEVEL LOTS IN WEST'
V^ 1 Berkeley: near station: near good schools.
$375— Lot 39x135; $50 down. $5 monthly.
$200"— Lot 25x130: $5 down. $5 monthly.
$550— Lot 60x120; sewered; $25 down, $10
monthly.' - . j
: CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
MODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and ' attic, built - for $2600:
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
CITY REAL ESTATE. j
MCAFEE BROTHERS, — —
real estate brokers
' and financial agents,
108 MONTGOMERY st.
$17 O'A O'FARRELL ST., NR. GOUGH:
«JJ) I. I .£O\J. anew well-built house of 3 flats,
with ail modern electrical and other appliances:
in first-class neighborhood and well rented; rents
$1320 per annum: might exchange for property
downtown; lot 27:6x137:6; a very desirable prop-
erty.
©QAAA PAYS 1 PER CENT PER MONTH:
i5*V\J\J\J. corner Green st., nr. Kearny: store
and apartments: good improvements; rents well;
a line investment. ■
v , ( jn : DEVISADERO' ST., NEAR BUSH;
»iiOUUU. 26:6x137:6: bouse of 2 flats and
stable in rear; rents $570 per annum; Devisadero
is becoming an important business street.
<m AAA BRODERICK ST., NEAR WASH-
«]j)t_)UUU. ington; cottage of 6 rooms and base-
ment, bath, etc.: repainted, papered and put in
first-class condition; see this deslrablo home In
choice neighborhood; lot 25x87:6. -
<2ijnnn FULTON st., N. side near j
(JiUUU. Buchanan; neat cottage and lot: rent-
ing for $348 per annum to 2 tenants; street work
done and accepted. ( -
MCAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
AL MOBIOER. - LOUIS A. SOUC.
"I" A. SOUC & CO.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED. 1
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
As we make a specialty of Mission property and
are right on the spot we can save you time and
money by calling on us at once.
<m-r p: AA 25x80; VALENCIA ST.; A SNAP:
«Jp«J«JUU. bay-window house 8 rooms; bath; in
good order; should.be turned into business prop-
erty, which could be done at small cost.
0 I'lm 30x114; HERE IS A CHANCE TO
«s> "±«JvM'. secure an elegant home in the warm
belt of the Mission on easy terms; $2000 cash, bal-
ance can remain; bay-window house of 8 rooms,
bath, laundry; all In Al order; street bitumlnized;
worth $6000.
fttCiiA 25x90; MISSION ST., NR. 20TH;
»Ip«J«JUU. house of 8 rooms and bath; could at
sma'l cost be converted into Al business property;
the lot is worth more money.
I7AA 25x114; 19 111 ST., NR. VALENCIA:
•JpTrlUU.the cheapest flats In the Mission:
modern bay-window flats of 6 and 7 rooms and j
bath; launary and basement: street work all done. |
C« ,- f^AA 25x114; LOTH ST.. NEAR VALEN- j
{jJ5c/«_;v/U. cia; bay-window house; 8 rooms nad ;
bath; $3500 can remain on mortgage.
Cl* I *•> A, .A COR. GUERRERO AND 20TH—
«|pl^.U»'U. Lot 76:6x105; elegant bay-win-
dow house; 8 rooms, bath: salon parlors; large
grounds and stable. Look at this anil make
AN OFFER, AS IT MUST GO
TOOK AT THOSE LOTS ON ARM V ST., NR.
J Folsom we offer for $650; 25x185; street
sewered and graded.
Our list comprises some of the best property in
the Mission. Lots of all sizes In any of the home-
steads; also good business corners in any part of
the Mission ; call and get a list and prices.
If yon want your vacant houses rented place
them with us.
L. A. SOUC&CO., 465 and 467 Valencia at.,
near Sixteenth.
EW STY RESIDENCE; PACIFIC HTS:
l> frnshd.: part cash: bal. same rent. S.. b. 62,Ca'.1.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
OTtOnVV FOOTHILiThOME; 5 ACRES IN
%p\J\J\J\J. San Mateo County: 25 miles from
San Francisco; hair mile from railroad: modern
house; 9 large rooms, oath, etc.; tine stable for 4
horse*. C. S. MERRILL, room 8, floor 8. Mills
Building. San Francisco.
Tf\(\ ACRES GOVERNMENT LAND; FINE
1 \J\J home; cheap. 20 O'Farrell St., room 4.
XA A AN ISLAND OF 16 ACRES IN THE
fjpO\J\J. Russian River; Jiouss and barn: all
first-class bottom land. An elegant summer villa
with 16 acres in the Santa (.rue Mountains.
CHARLhS COLTON, 906 Market st.
l/OR SALE-BEAUTIFUL SUMMER HOME;
X superb view; Howell Mountain, Napa County,
Cal.: 45-acre ranch: 26 cleared and fenced; 6
miles from St. Helena: 13,2 miles from Angwlns |
P. 0.; iEtna stage passes dally; comfortably fur- j
nished room bouse; 3-room cottage; good stable,
chicken-houses, etc.: unfailing spring; concrete
dam; 2000-gallon reservoir; air motor windmill,
pump, tanks: water piped over the place: 5-acre
vineyard, full bearing; orchard, assorted fruits,
full bearing; 572 French prunes, 4 years old;
terms reasonable. MRS. G. L. MIX, care of JEtna,
stage, St. Helena. Napa County, Cal.
J"<RUIT ORCHARD INVESTMENT; WILL
X net 30 per cent: 30 acres peach, apricot, prune
and pear, selected especially for canning and dry-
ing; canuery near that will make live year's con-
tract for fruit; best and safest fruit orchard propo-
sition in the State. JOHNT. HALL. Alameda, Cal.
"I rj ACRES (ROAD HOUSE); LOVELY PLACE;
X I highly cultivated: near Stockton; offered
cheap account death of owner's wife. See SPECK
CO., 602 Market.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY, 67 CHRONT-
XV cle bldg., are selling choice fruit lands 1 1/2 '""■*
trom Sau Francisco, at $35 per acre; title privet,
\\' ANTED — SCHOOL OR GOVERNMENT \
" land: Lake or north co's. Ad. J.N., box 35, Call. :
ARI N COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES '/6 MILES j
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $76 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
T.-«OK HOMES IN LoSGATOS OR ORCHARDS
J? in the vicinity or In Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. H. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble & Co.
CIONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE:
\J send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez, CaL
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER & WUITTON. San Joss.
T ITTLK HOMES CLOSE. TO TOWN: HiT
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly Improved, j
with small house, etc. <D. H. WING, Sonoma I
City. Inquire 652 Market st. B. F.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~
\DVANCESON DI AMO.VDS, JEWELRY,
-f\ Columbia Loan A Collateral Otlice. 9 Urani
mo LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
X to $5000 on good security. P.O. box 444, Oakland
OANS ON KEALTTstTti" IST OR 2ND
-"mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal: any j
amount; low rates. BECKER, 'A2S Montgomery. I
A DVA.NCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
xi- jewelry, also ou furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market St.; open evenings. ■
A NY AMOUNT: IST. 2l> or 3D MOKTUAOKi:
A estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
I OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
J jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and Instru-
ments; Interest low: private entrance: private
rooms: discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ;ive.
ONKY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT $5 INTER-
<-.<u per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or lite insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
■\, I ONE Y LOANED ON JE\Vi^LKV AND
IVi other valuables at th« Security Loan Office, ',
]3D((M».rket st..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
D~ IRECTON YOUR FUKNITURK OR PIANO;
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market ac
JOS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
life insurance policies. 330 Pine st.
I OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
J diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
•\ ST <£ V 217 MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN KS-
J tatps:lowp!.t raic*:no dflir.MrBFHY.a2H Mrlct.
PAWNBROKERS.
T~12« KEAJRNTf ST\7~KOaM^^—
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc: low rates: pa*
vate rooms: elevator-, pledges for gal i cheap. ■
MONEY WANTED.
\f ONEY VvXITTED^MME^IviTELY'bNCITY
i'l real estate. Apply at 17 Hickory aye.
DENTISTS.
J~IRST-CLASS DENTISTRY- FIRST^CIXsS i
X I prices; lirst-class results: painless ■ extraction ■
and painless Implantation of teeth. VV. C. HAR- i
DING, CM., M.D., 600 Suiter St., corner Powell.
K. DUCKETT, 1703 POsT ST., NEAR BU- i
en u nan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
K. L. T. I'RANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS. |
crown work, bridge work and teeth without I
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant av3.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
J ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
Inn $5: fillings frm $1; extracting soc, with gas sl.
ONEST WORK; VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
<J»7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
0 I good as can be mad*: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
I R. LUDLUM .HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whet
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
TiiULL .-*. 1 OF i».lll, 87; WARRANTED
X 1 five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth at.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A I'i.A'fK UK. H.
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk si. •
1 \R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THIS GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
"OAINLESS EXTRACTION-. 6Oo; CRoWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 vearV
experience. K. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 81084 Geary.
I »R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE- 3
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
/ iOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80« i MAK-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
K. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
A U. WORK REASONABLE ' AND WAR-
A ranted. DR. J W. KKY. 1123 Market st.
PHYSICIANS.
iTEM^Tv^S^D^RTTr^ro^DONNELL TO-iiiOß
XV Market su : diseases of woman a specialty.
DON'T KAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st.; bis 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE. ~
CJ97X/1 read: reTdi rea"dTsm'"per
tir— • O\J. month and no cash down for a new
modern 8- room house: bath; lot 35x125. ALDEN
& CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
I AM AUTHORIZED BY THE HANK TO
sell the following property:
s First— Lot 2->xl4o, running through to wide
alley, cottage 5 rooms, almost new; in A 1 con-
dition: fronting on city nark: convenient to elec-
tric cars and local: cost original owner $2500;
pris.?.sl4oo: terms, $200 to $400 cash; balance
mortgage. '
Second— loo feet front on principal residence
street corner; street macadamized. «ewered, ce-
ment walks; modern cottage 6 rooms: first-class
condition: cost original owner $4500: can be
bought for «2500; terms $500 cash, balance mort-
gage.
. Third— loo feet front on Telegraph aye. ; prop-
er yln this location considered worth $20 to $30 !
per front foot: this property will be closed out for I
$12 per front foot; terms part cash. J. S. MYERS, '.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
1?OR RENT— SEVERAL HOUSES: $4 TO $10.
X Inquire MRS. M. P. McCOU:tTNEY, cor. For-
tieth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
no dark or inside ON..V, 7-ROOM FLAT;
no dark or Inside rooms: closets; stoves allset;
water: dumb-waiter: 966 Union st., Oakland
■A. 11. BREED & c ■.. 461) Ninth St.. Oakland.
ALAMEOA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET. I
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE, 4 ROOMS AND BATH, LARGE
\J lot, $1800, $200 cash, balance easy terms: I
cottage, 4 rooms, large lot, $1000 cash. THOS.
F. BA I RD, 1 803 Park st. I
OMES BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE i
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story I
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit. •
Address A. K. DKXKK, real estate, architect and
builder, 1502 Seventh St., Alameda.
SNAP— IK YOU WANT TO SEE A PRETTY
bouse look at the one just finished on Central
aye., between Oak and Walnut sts., Alameda; I
am sure if you wished to buy It will suit you, as It j
is for sale: 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and |
finished: open mo3t every afternoon. GEO. B. I
M. RAY, 453 Ninth St.. Oakland.
bekkeley keal estate.
JOSEPH J. MASON, real "estatb' 'and
O insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank.
p OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
vJ on easy terms. O. G. MAY <t CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley. .
BERKELEY HOUSES.
Ipoii RIiSjT^CHOICEST l^cation""!^
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits 'and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; to tirst-class tenant long term. See '
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley. j
I^OR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE: 5 ROOMS I
X andhatn; piano; $30. '^014 Virginia St., near {
Shattuck aye.. Berrvrnan station.
PKOPEKTV TO EXCHANGE.
«r>QF:r\A EQUITY EXCHANGE FOR CITYJ
iTOuUW. Oakland or Alameda— 32 acres: Se-
baBtopol: 800 fruit trees; fine berry and vegetable
land; house, barn, e:c I. SCHAHFF, 18 Post st- 1
"1 C .ACRES iNEfIK LOS ANGE"LES, BEST
X.O valley land, to exchange for Oakland, Ala-
meda or Berkeley property. .DECKER, 1020
Market st.
CTJTjT LARGE CORNER LOT IN SUITER
«3?U«>. City; worth $200. DECKER, 1020 Market.
P. AA BARGAINS— WHAT DO YOU WANT?
O\J\) 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0... 510,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to 30,000
100 business places, all kinds, from ,«50 to. 4.000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $200 to. 3,000
H. C. DECKER, 10*0 Market St., opposite Fifth.
aTnted-to exchange lot IN kick-
»» niond district for small place in the country;
call at 207 Point Lobos aye. J. J. MILLER.
1 OQI) ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
J ZiOU w»t«-r: liiif forcat:'.p-r.-ls N..bx.16,Ca1l
MEDICAL.
PSYCHO - MAGNETIC COMPANY CI'RES j
X paralysis, cancer, rheumatism, insanity, female 1
"weakness, nervous disorder, heart and lung
troubles; no charge unless cured. 8 Mason 5..,
corner Market, room 11.
A LL CASKS OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
A stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief j
cuaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri- '
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI- ;
CAL ELECTRICITY, used: ladles, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time :
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 910 Post St.. near Larkin.
T>HEUMATISM CURED BY MAGNETIC AND |
XV electric treatment. WALLACE, 20i/j Stockton. j
"I ADIES, CONSULT FREE MRS. i>K.~SCOTT.
XJ 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500 ;
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated. ;
T>KCARDS PILL*— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X. specialty; also "tine Ba.hs." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonough building, Oakland. j
RS. DR. WEGENKR TAKES LADIES BK-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted '
into good homes: treats all female complaints or ■
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy St. I
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE BIS- i
ease sec MR*. DR. PUETZ. 2541/ a Fourth st. 1
ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT; I
li all female diseases treated: expert physicians; ,
terms moderate. Otlice, 236 Keoruy St., room 9.~
MRS. Dr7~\Y KG 1-..V E B, PRIVATE HOME
• for all female diseases: separate rooms for la- 1
dies before and durius confinement; all female j
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and t
arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish tablets, $2; infallible preventa-
tives, $1. 419 Eddy st.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
nirnt or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter 1
Irom what cause; restores always in one day; I
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st. |
1 Private homhTin confinement,
X DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth »t.. Alumeda.
R. JOSSELYN. THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market St., near Sixth.
BLESSING^ TO LADIES SUFFERING
from . irregularities and diseases peculiar to j
their sex: latest improved method of treatment; j
nerer tails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
enectto; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately : prices to suit
the times; home in confinement DR. & MIW '
DAY lES, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Ban*;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
SI KE CUItE FOR ALL FKMALK DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in contlnemenc
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MkS. DR. GW VEU, 226 Turk st. !
DR. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAiI j
;jones. uiseasps of women and children.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLH-A BOON TO j
Jx. ladles troubled with Irregularities: no danger; ;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.;. don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— !
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the I
United States or Canada one year for $150, post- ;
ag free.
BICYCLES.
OA^^CYCLiKtV^NKW^WirBEL^TO^LETT
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
All later and Powell st. car lines. .
legal notices.
A~~\Va7<]s^?F CONTKAC Ts^Xt A MEETING 1
of the Board of New City Hall Commissioners, !
held June 3. 1896, the following resolution was i
passed to print:
. Resolved. That • Contract No. 84, work and
materials in the rotunda and tower-dome, be
awarded the San Francisco Novelty and Plating !
WorKs for $83.311 40. That Contract No. 85, !
marble an 1 ile work in rotunda and tower-dome I
be awarded the California Travertine Co.. first j
floor, $16,584; second tier of gallery, W. H. Mc-
Cormtck, $4156 80; grand stairway. W. H. Mo-
Cormick. $5351 50. For plain glass. Contract No. |
86, be awarded F. N. Woods & Co., $900. That i
Contract No. 88, e'ectrical elevator, northeast j
wing, be awarded Cabill <& Hall Co. for $3675, and {
that the same pass to print.
Ayes— Commissioners Taylor, Creswell, Broder-
lck. J.J. MCCARTHY, Secretary.
TTNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURT, NINTH
U Judicial Circuit, Northern District of Cali-
fornia.
In the matter of a special session of said Circuit
Court. \ . ■ '
Pursuant to section 634 of the Revised Statutes
of the United States it is
Ordered that a special session of the Circuit
Court of the United States of America of the
Ninth Judicial Circuit, in and for the Northern
District of California, be and hereby is appointed
to be held at the courtroom of said court In the
United States Appraisers' building, In the City
and County of san Francisco, in said district, on
Friday, the 12th day of June, in the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. ' :
Witness my '• hand and seal at the City and
County of San Francisco this twenty -sixth day of
May, A. 1). 1896.
Seal. I Signed] JOSEPH McKENNA.
United States Circuit Judge, Ninth Judicial Dis-
trict.
To BARRY BALDWIN Esq., United States
Marshal, Northern District of California,-
And W. J. COSTIGAN Esq., Clerk United States
■ Circuit Court. Nortnern District of California.
LATESJ. SHll'i'i.St; XNTJiLLiUiSNO*;.
Domestic Forte.
NEWPORT— SaiIed June Schr Reporter; strn
Caspar.
Arrived June 3— Stmr Alcazar, from Greenwood.
COOS Arrived June 2--:cnr Western
Home, hence May - -'.
Sailed June 3— Schr Gotama, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived June 2— Bark Co-
lumbia, hence May 15. -
Bailed June 2— Br bark Lodore, for Cork. June 3
—Schr J A Campbell, for Newport.
POINT arena— Sailed June 3-Simr Green-
wood, tor Sao Francisco,
Movement* of T»n4- \M»ntln sr.st-ntFi.
PHILADELPHIA — Cleared June 3— Stmr
Switzerland, for Antwerp. .
LIVER cool— sailed June 3-Stmr Waesland,
for Philadelphia.
jiAiiiiiAorJ VAOxJbaj&am
The foilowinc: marriage IfO«OM« were issue! by
the County Clerk's otlicu yesterday:
D. T. Dtugan and Annnstatia O'Donnell, 38—34.
John Dyer and Mary Bell. 98—35.
F. H. cook and Horence E. WinUanley, 22—20.
G. J. McGregor and Emillle M. Bergluud, 26-27.
C. F. Adauia and Elizabeth J. Cairnes. 29-26.
(J. BatiWtu and Fabbris M. Zandanel 29-26.
E. A. Hunt and Grace A. Nagel. 26—24.
W. J. Go:dsmitli ami Bessie R. Chase. 30—23.
.]. 11. Sbepard and Etitli E. H. Lax. 23-22.
Complaint (llel:
Julia de Andany against Anthony de Andany.
Divorces eranteci:
Lottie Rosenblatt from Byron S. Rosenblatt, for
cruelty; by Judge Hunt.
Samuel C. Newburn from Phoebe^ A. Newburn.
for desertion: by Judge Sanderson.
Teiagini Gibson from W. B. Gibson, for cruelty;
by Judge Sanderson.
Peter Claussen from Adeline Claussen, for de-
sertion: by Ju lire Seawell. ,
Alimony proceedings:
Isabella M. Williamson vs. Richard S. William-
son ; defendant ordered to pay plaintiff $50 a month
alimony by Judge Seawell.
irons— MAßßiA«— mm
(Birth, marriage and death notices sent by m^ll
will not be inserted. They mu3t be handed in as
either of the publication oilices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons autuorlz*!
to have the same published.]
BO UN. .
HENRY— In this city, May 20, 1896, to th» wife
of Robert Henry, a son. N
LOUGHLIN-ln this City, May 30, 1896, to the
wife of John Loughlin, a son.
MAUUIKI).
BARCLAY— LESLIE— In this city, June 3, 1896.
• by the Rev. J. P. Dickson, George Barclay and
Maggie Leslie, both of .-sail Francisco.
GOLDSMITH— CHASE— In thlsciiv. June 3 1896,
by the P.ev. Father Prenderg»st, Walter J. Gold-
smith of San Francisco and Bessie Chase of Hoi-
lister.
HERRIOTT-JONES-In this city. May 29. 1896,
by the Rev. Father . Egan. David Herrioit and
Mary Jones, both of San Francisco.
PARSONS— LARIOS— 3C\ 1896, by the Rev.
Harbert N. Bevier. Edward Byron Parsons and
Maria Anlonia Larto*, both of sum i-rancmco.
_— — — -
Dloi).
Beillsle, Catherine Niell, Robert W.
Br ckley, Peter \ Peterson, Mathilda
Caldon, Maggie Saftig, Jacob G.
Crane, Margarette C. S;:r.»tt. William
Conroy, Peter Shannon, Dora
Csn&zek, IgnatZ Stalling, Henry
Cook, John ■ schillenger, Isaac
Doyle. Margaret Ta.-ior. Ciiauncey
Genswindt. Mrs. M. Tores. Philip
Hofmann, Conrad Taylor. Chauncey
Kind, R. C. T. Warnes*. Alva T.
Mulhearn, Mary E. Wells, S. T.
BELLISLE— In this city, June 4. 1896, Catherine,
beloved mother of Levina and Albert Beillsle
and Mrs. Rebecca stubbs, a native of Ontario,
Canada, aged 66 years.
BRICKLEY —In this city, June 3, 1896. Peter
Brickiey. a native of Caragh, County Cork, Ire-
land, ased 65 years.
Friends an 1 acquaintance? are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock a. m.. from the undertak-
ing parlors of McGinn Hros.. 81 Eddy street,
thence to old S . Mary's College Church, where a
solemn reg 1 fern mass ill be celebrated for tha
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a.m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CALDON— In Oaklanrt, June 2. 1896, Maggie,
dearly beloved wife of John Caldon, and sister of
■ diaries Hurley of Concord, Mrs. McCarthy of
St. Hel n», Mrs. 1). Rlordan of CalUloga, and
Nellie and James Hurley of San Francisco, a na-
tive of the parish of Kilbritian, County Cork,
Ireiani, site 1 36 years.
4S~Friends and acquaintances are re^nect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 734 Cbes.er street, Center-street station,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, wheie a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her S3ul, commencing at 9 o'clock A. M.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
CONROY— In this city, June 2.1896. Peter, be-
loved husband of Bridget Conroy. and father of
Mrs. Joseph P. Robinson, Mrs. James shields,
Hugh, Peter, Maggie and the late Julia Conroy,
a naive of the parish of Spiddle, County Gal way,
Ireland, aged 66 years.
*s*Frlen<i* an I acquaintances are resDCC!,-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Friday), at 8:;-S0 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, corner Bryant and Juniper streets,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, T"n'.h street,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9 o'clock A. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COOK— In Santa Clara, May : O. 1898, John Cook,
a native of Germany, aged f>B years.
C7.USZKK — In the City and County Hospital, June
8, lH9 ! i, Cznszek, aged 69 years.
CRANK— In -ntiol, Alameda County, Cal., May
31,1896. Margarette C. beloved wife of a. E,
Crane, and mother of Mrs. H. Carter. Mrs. H.
Andrade and Henry, George. Edward, Frank,
Marcus. Charles, Sadie and Ward Crane, a na-
tive of Marlton, Burlington County, N. J., aeed
60 years 2 mouths and 27 days.
DOYLE— In this city, June 2, 1896, Margaret
Doyle, be:oved sister of Mrs. I.illie Lyons of
Stockton, Cal., a native of Ireland, aged 68
year?.
GENSWINDT— In San Rafael. Cal., May 31.1898,
Mrs. Margaret Genswindt, a native of Ireland,
aged 68 years.
HOFMANN— In this ritv. June 2, 1896. Conrad
beloved husband of Lena Hotmann, father of
Kmil.e. Conrad and Therese Hofmann, and
brother of Mrs. Hermann B. Goecken and Mrs.
Theresa Lanzr-Ml of Boii<», a native of Fulda,
Hessen, Germany, aged 43 years 1 mouth and 14
days.
&s"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from his late resi-
dence, 209% Bartlett street between Twenty-
third and 1 wentv-four.h. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
KIND— In this city, June 2, 1896, Richard Charles
Theodore, beloved husband of the lute Adelhe'd
Kind, father of Minnie and Julia Kind. Mrs. L.
Clode. Mrs. A. Hinch. Mrs. Ed Lanls;an, Mrs.
W.Nixon and (he late Harry Kind, a native of
Germany, aged 65 years 1 month and 9 days.
jSSTFrlends and acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, »16 Broaiway, between Mtson and
Taylor streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MULHEARN— In this city, Jun* 3, 1896. Mary
E.. dear.v beloved aautrhter or.Thomas and Ellen
Mulbearn, and sister of William Mulhearn. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 23 years.
ay The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9:3o o'clock a. m.. from the residence
of her parents. 4 Decatur street, off Bryant,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her souL com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ' ■ :
Y. L. I.— Young Ladies' Institute, No. 20: You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our late
sister, Mary Mulhearn of 4 Decatur street.
MR-*. D. J. LUCKY, President.
M. Meeley, Secretary.
NIELL— Oakland, June 1. Robert Walter Niell.
a native of Oakland, aged 1 year 1 month and 11
. days.
PETERSON— In this city, June 1, 1896. Mathilda
Peterson, beloved sister of Mrs. Elsie Jacobsoti,
Mrs. Elle Ahlgren, Mrs. Bentfta Mattgon. Mrs.
Nellie l.undbergand Mrs. Hannah Winkel, a na.
tive of Hosoby. B'ekingc, Sweden, aged 26 years
Friends and acquaintances ar-» r«MDeet-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 1108 Treat avenue, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty- fifth streets, thence to Swed-
ish Lutheran church. Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth, where services will be held
- at 2 o'clock p. m. Interment LO. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
SAFTIG— In this city, May 31. 1896, Jacob O.
■ Saftl?. husband of Marie Safiig, a native Of
Prussia, aged 53 years. '
af^Friend* ami acquaintances are resPBW
• fully invited to attend the ceremonies and crema-
tion at Cypress Lawn Cemetery TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock p. a.
SCHILLENGER— In this city, May 31. Isaac
Schillenger, a native of .Maine, aged 73 years.
SPRATT— In this city, June 3, 1896. at the City
Receiving Hospital, William Spratt, a native of
Liverpool, England, aged 55 years.
fla-The funeral will take place SUNDAY.
June 7. at 2 o'clock p. v.. from the par-
. iors of Craig A Cochrane. Mint avenue. Friends
will kindly acc?pt this invitation.
SHANNON— In this city. June 3. 1896. Dora, be-
loved mother of Sam, William, May and Maurice
Shannon, a native of New York, aged 45 ' years.
STALLING— In this city. June 3, 1896, Henry
Stalling, a native of Oldenburg, Germany, aged
41 years and 2 months.
TAYLOR— In Oakland, June 3, 189«, Chauncey,
beloved husband of Sarah Benedict Taylor, and
father of Mrs. W. W. Foote, William Hlnckley
an I Henry Benedict Taylor, a native of West-
port. Conn., aged 74 years and 13 days.
85f"Friends and acquaintance* »r* nMt>^3s-
-fully Invited to attend the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Friday), at 11 o'clock a. m., at
his late residence, 704 Eighth street, OaKland.
Interment private, Mountain View Cemetery.
TORES— In the city ana County Hospital, June
3. 1896, Philip Tores, aged 68 years.
WARNESs— In Oakland, June 3, 1896, Alva
Thomas, beloved son of Axel C. and Carrie War-
ness, a native Of Oakland, aged 3 months and 26
days. •
jO~ Friends ; and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite"! to attend the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Friday). M 11 o'clock A. M., at
the family residence, 1721 Thirteenth street,
Oakland. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery, San
Francisco.
WKLLS-In Ventura, Cal., May 29, 8. T. Wells,
formerly of East Oakland, a naive of Massa-
chusetts, aged s 7 years.
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKR3 ,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
Jas. Me.M KNfiMFV. • CHAS. McMenoukt.
JAMES McMENOJLEY & SON,
USDEKTAKEKS AND EMRALHKBg,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354.
1516
COMMANDER OF
COMMONWEALERS.
j —
General J. S. Coxey Arrives
After a Campaign
in Oregon.
HAD A LIVELY TIME.
He Thinks Cleveland Will Make
a Grand Coup for Cuba's
Independence.
GOLDBUGS FOR HIM, HE SAYS.
About the Third Term, Senator Henry
•■•;■ M. Teller and What He Must
. ; : Do to Be Saved.
! General J. S. Coxey, commander-in
chief of the Commonweal Army, which by
different divisions went across the coun
try to Washington two years ago and
General Jacob S. Coxey of Ohio, the Famous Commander ot the ("ommonwealer:
Now llerc, Who Has Been Speaking in Oregon.
[Drawn by a "Call" artist from his latest photograph.]
caused such intense interest throughout
the world, is at the Baldwin.
The general is accompanied by Mrs.
Coxey. He left his home at Massilon,
Ohio, soveral months ago for the W«st,
• and has been delivering speeches in differ
ent places for tiie Populist party, with
which he i< identified. He arrived on the
Columbia last night from Oregon, where
he made no less than fifteen speeche?, for
he tooK an active part in the campaign
which has just closed there.
General Coxey is a younger-looking man
than would be supposed from the fame
that has attached to his name, first as a
wealthy Ohio farmer and quarry-owner,
as the leader of a novel campaign and
candidate for one of the highest offices.
He does not appear over 40 years of age.
There is not a gray hair in hir> head. He
is of rather slender build and above the
average height. His thick, dark brown
hair is worn tousled. He talks without
effort, agreeably and interestingly, and
has all the open and approachable ways of
a man of the people.
The general said he was quite tired after
his lone campaign and his trip. He had
a slight cough, and said he found the air
quite cool here. He thought, he said, he
must go to Sacramento or some other hot
region and get rid of his cold.
The notable commonweal leader had
not seen the papers for two or three days.
He asked for the latest news, and when
told that dispatches from New York and
Washington were recently rife with a
etory that there was believed to be a
strong possibility of the Democrats in
dorsing silver on the basis of 16 to 1, and
possibly nominating Senator Teller for
the Presidency, he said:
"I know personally that Senator Teller
is a very strong man in the East. The
people like him. They think a great deal
of him.
"However, for my part, I think Cleve
land will be the next nominee of the
Democrats. I have always thought so. I
think he will just let things run along as
they are till just before the meeting of the
Democratic National Convention in Chi
cago, when he will make one of the coups
which he dues every once in a while, and
come out for the independence of Cuba.
"It would be just like him to do this,
NEW TO-DAT.
COVERED
WITH
SCALES
Eczema made its appearance on my head in
its worat form, and it continued spreading
until my face was covered with scales and be-
came a horrid sight. I had a fine head of hair,
seven years' growth, and had tosacriflceit. I
was in despair. The physicians had failed
even to relieve me, when one recommended
ConcmtA Soap. My father procured a set of
Cuticcba Remedies, and in three weeks the
scales left my face and the skin lost its florid
hue. In tix weeks I was entirely cured. My
face was smooth and my complexion clearer
and finer than it had ever been before.
Miss MARION A. SMITH, Sunbury, Pa.
Hpbiedt Cvr2 Tbkatmknt. — Warm baths
with Cuticuba Soap, gentle application of
Cuticlea 'ointment), and mild doeea of Cim-
ocra Rksolvbnt, greatest of humor cures.
Sold throuehout the world. Prir«i, CrTici'tA, SOc i
Soai*. 25e.; Resolvent. SOc. and »1. Pottik I>ki;o
Ajrn Cbkm. Corp.. Sole Props.. Boston.
W " How to t ure the Wont Eczema," miiltd frt*.
and if he does he will catch the people
with a hurrah. He is always watching
for a chance of this sort, and I think that
is what he is laying off for.
"If he should do this the goldbngs of the
East would all fly to him, and the chances
are he would be the next Presiuent. Oh,
yes, the Republican goldbugs would all
go for him sooner than for McKinley.
McKinley would not have any show at
all, for they know where Cleveland is. He
suits the goldbugs.
"I will say this, that Cleveland has not
made any secret of where he stands on
the money question and has not from the
first. McKinley has not satisfied the gold
bugs by any means so well. This is why
they would all fly to Cleveland if he
should make such a play as I have alluded
to.
"Am I a silver man on the basis of 16 to
] ? Yes, but that is only the basis and be
ginning of what should be done. Of itself
it is inadequate.
"There should be a bill passed allowing
States, counties, townships, municipali
ties and towns and villages to deposit
bonds with the Government for internal
improvements and thus give work to
20,000,000 people who are now idle.
"These bonds should be issued for their
face value less one cent on the dollar for
printing and engraving. That one cent
will pay the cost.
"Then let these States, counties and
municipalities, etc., be allowed twenty
rive years to pay the principal, but paying
4 per cent a year in interest. In twenty
five years the interest would pay the prin
cipal, and at that time let the Government
cancel the bonds. It would then have
been paid in full. It would not have lost
a dollar, and the people would have all
these years been prosperous, and when the
twenty-five years were ended, would be
more prosperous than ever.
"Such a course would enable the States,
counties, cities and towns to erect public
j buildings, to buy, build and operate their
j own streetcar lines, construct sewers, light
the towns and cities, macadamize streets,
build public roads and inaugurate pros
perity everywhere.
"Many of the streetcar lines, lighting
I Systems and other enterprises, wouid pay
dividends to the cities, too, in which the}'
I were situated, and thus they would have
! additional moneys for public improve
i ments.
"This plan has got to be put into ef
| feet eventually. We see the march of in
' ventions everywhere. Men are being
thrown out of work. There is nothing for
them to do. Well, take it in your own
offices. Look at the linotype and what it
1 has done— thrown thousands of sKilled
workmen out of employment. What are
they to do?
"It is the same way whichever way you
turn. Mechanical contrivances on every
hand are being put to use and erstwhile
■ employes are going forth to seek new
' avenues when there are no avenues if you
! look at the present condition of things.
"So I say the Government must lend
i mon»y to the States, counties, cities and
towns and employ the people in these great
public enterprises. These enterprises need
to be inaugurated. Look at the bad roads,
! the bad streets. See how the corporations
j are grinding the money .out of the people
I with these streetcar, gas and electric
j franchises. Should not the people them
selves enjoy those profits?
"Then take it on another line. The way
it is now a railroad is allowed to take your
land, whether you want it to take it or
not. I don't know why this thing cannot
be turned around. Why shouldn't the
people take these railroads?
"All these things have got to be worked
out. There are 20,000,000 people who need
to be employed. The matter can't be ig
nored.
"Take it at Hood River, Or., one place I
visited. In the Hood River Valley there
are 5000 acres, which is said to be the best
strawberry land in the United States. But
the valley needs irrigation, and it will cost
$30,000 for an irrigation plant. As it is the
people are too poor to raise this $30,000;
but on the plan I have outlined it could
be organized into an irrigation district,
bonds could be issued and the Government
could lend it money.
"In issuing these bonds I would have
them in all cases issued at half the as
sessed valuation of the property.
"I made fifteen speeches in Oregon. I
reached there May 15 and have been pretty
well over the State. I see by The Call
which 1 have here tnat we have elected
two Populists to Congress in Oregon.
"I don't know whether I shall make any
speeches in California or not. Possibly I
may. At any rate I shall be here about a
week. 1 '
Mexico Illustrated.
A lecture entitled "In Mexico" will be de
livered in Mission Parlor Hall on Seventeenth
street next Friday evening under the auspices
of Barromean Council No. 129, Y. M. I. The
speaker, Paul B. Hayes, is thoroughly con
versant with the subject, and whl illustrate
his remarks with a number of stereopticon
views of scenes in the neighboring republic.
This lecture is the second in the series of popu
lar ones given by Barromeap. Council.
One of the champagne houses in Eper
nay, France, has a wine cellar 45 acres in
extent, in which 5,000,000 bottles of wine
are on storage, ripening for use.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
STRIKERS HAVE
BEEN FORGIVEN,
The Southern Pacific Has
Issued a Ukase of
Amnesty.
DUE TO J. A. FILLMORE.
About Five Thousand Men Are
Affected by This Change
of Heart.
HOW THE A. R. TJ. MEN VIEW IT
They See It in the Light of a Politi
cal Flay and a Measure of
Necessity.
By the grace of the Southern Pacific
Company, the consent of C. P. Hunting
ton and the gooa-heartedness of Manager
J. A. Fillmore about 5000 nonest working
men have been granted the privilege of
again toiling for a livelihood.
Two years ago, lacking a month, what
has gone into history as the "big strike"
occurred on the lines of the Southern
Pacific Company, and as a result between
6000 and 7000 men voluntarily left the
employ of the company in supnort of what
they considered a principle of unionism.
When the height of the storm of trouble
experienced by the railroad corporation
during this period had passed, these men
found themselves placed on what the rail
road company calls its "discharged list,"
but which the strikers designate the
"black: list." No man whose name ap
peared on this list, whatever its true ap
pellation, could secure employment either
with the Southern Pacific Company or
with any other railroad corporation. In
fact, wherever the influence of tt^e rail
roaa company extended the strikers
claimed that it was impossible for a
striker to earn a living, however great his
need or in what dire distress those de
pending upon him might be in.
Here and there a few were taken back,
but a very few, and those who had spent
their best years, perhaps, in the employ
of the jeilroad company were forced to
seek other avenues for wage-earning.
Within the past few days, however, a
change of heart has come over the corpor
a tion and with it a change of policy. This
conversion is attributed among thp rail
road people to the natural good-hearted
ness of Manager J. A. Fillmore.
This philanthropic freak took concrete
shape in a circular issued by Manager Fill
more to the different division superintend
dents, whicii instructed them to make out
a list of those on the "discharged list" who
i ad not taken an active and hostile part in
the strike against the Southern Pacific
Company. In this list were to be included
only those who had not taken prominent
parts as leaders in the meetings of the
strikers, those who bad not directly and
openly endeavored to induce men to go
out, and those who had not taken part in
destroying or damaging the property of
the company during the strike.
This list they were instructed to forward
to Manager Fillmore, and from it are to
be selected ail future re-enforcements to
the working force of the Southern Pacific
Company.
Munager Fillmore, speaking of the
matter yesterday, said:
"For tne past six or eight weeks we have
been in receipt of requests from our divi
sion superintendents and superintendent
of motive power asking that certain names
be taken from the discharge list that now
tanrf on that list as strikers, and it baa
een done in every case where, after care
ful and thorough investigation, it was
found that the man was not engaged in
any way in the strike except to leave our
service.
"As nearly two years have now elapsed
since the strike, I issued a circular on
Monday to our superintendents, asking
them to take up with tne heads of the
various departments under their jurisdic
tion, viz. : division master mechanics,
resident engineers,.foremen of car-repair
ers, roadmasters, etc., this list of names,
and to go over it very carefully, and to send
me the names of all those wlio were found
not to have committed any overt act.
These will be taken from the discharge
list, ana the men thereby be placed in
good standing, when our superintendents
will be at liberty to employ them when
ever additional men are required in any
branch of ihe service.
"I have asked the superintendents to be
very careful in their investigations, to the
end that no one's name be put on the list
of 'active strikers' except they have posi
tive proof to that effect; in other words,
in passing upon any individual case, if
there is any question of doubt, the man
should have the benefit ot the doubt.
Regarding the direct motive which
prompted the company to take this action
Mr. Fillmore said:
"We were induced to take this course
because of the frequent requests from our
superintendents in individual cases, and
the fact that many good men left the
service of the company at the time of the
strike, not of their own volition but be
cause they were induced to do so in some
way, and that they are now regretting
their action exceedingly.
"Many of them are men of family, and
it is the wives and children who have had
to suffer in many instances through the
heads of families having followed the dic
tates of the strike leaders. By reinstating
these men it enables them to get employ
ment again with the company when their
services are required and thereby relieve
the distress of many families, and we trust
that in so doing we will be holding out an
inducement to thorn to be loy al to. tue in
terests they serve hereafter.
This action will not only afford the "for
given" strikers an opportunity to return
to the service of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, but will also open the railroad
field of the United States to them, and it
it is probable that other railroad lines will
now tollow the conciliatory policy of the
California corporation.
About five thousand men who were
formerly in the employ of the Southern
Pacific Company will be effected by the
edict. Of tue original number who went
out some have been taken back and others
will remain on the "discharged list."
A POLITICAL PLAY.
Harry Knox Gives His Opinion of
the Railroad's Proclamation
of Amnesty.
Harry Knox, now a motorman on the
Sutro road, was the president of the Sac
ramento lodge of the American Railway
Union at the time of the strike. He feels
that he is not one of those who are des
tined to again enjoy the favor of the
Southern Pacific Company. Speaking of
the amnesty proclamation, he said.
"It is simply a political move. They
found that they could not carry Sacra
mento for Mayor at the last election, when
Wilson, their candidate, was defeated, and
they think that if they can get the strikers
back they will help them during the com
ing campaign. It was through the efforts
of the A. R. U. that Wilson was defeated.
"They expect, too, that this action will
help them in any politicai|n>ht they enter
in the State. It was certainly not taken
for the benefit of the men affected, but
only for the political benefit of tne com
pany.
"I am clad of it, however, for there are
many good and deserving men in Sacra
mento, Los Aneeles, Oakland ana other
cities who will be able to return to work
and make a living for their families, and it
will give them the opportunity of going to
work for other roads. Personally Ido not
expect to be benefited by it.
"There is another reason, also, for this
course. They have probably got tired of
their present" incompetent force and the
accidents that have resulted from its em
ployment. It is not such a great surprise
to me as it may be to some.
"When I was in Sacramento last Janu
ary there was a big lay-off of about 600
men, and I remarked at the time that
when it came to putting on a full force
again the strikers would probably be given
a chance and be taken back.
"Superintendent Wright told me him
self that they would not in twenty years
get so cood a lot of men as they had be
lore the strike."
RECEIVED WITH SCORN.
The American Railway Union Takes
the Amnesty With Scorn
and Irony.
The members of the local American
Railway Union take but little stock in the
change of front presented by the railroad
people in abolishing the blacklist that for
two years has hung like a cloud over tne
ex-striker 3. Last night the union held its
regular weekly meeting, and the amnesty
proclamation *of the Southern Pacific offi
cials was read with great interest, toad the
reading was interrupted with Lnterjectijns
not complimentary to the railroads. At
the conclusion of a very short one-sided
John Freear, the Septuagenarian Gardener Who Made His Coffin Ten Years Ago
and How I'scs It for a Pantry and Wardrobe Combined.
debate the following ironical resolution
was passed :
Resolved, That local union 345 of the Ameri
can Railway Union tender its sincere and
heartfelt thanks to the great and unknown
power, from whatever source it comes, that
changed the hearts, or interests, of the un-
American and tyrannical manager of the South
ern Pacific Company; and b? it further
\ Resolvtd, That this great power be praised for
transforming such hearts into thost^worthy of
Americuns, by raisinc the blacklist against
our members ana replacing them so they can
earn a living at tholr several vocations in the
United States, and thus, in a measure, make
reparation for the deaths of those of our mem
bers who have already starved.
' (.. W. West, President.
C. J. DE Seda, Secretary.
Immediately upon passing the resolu
tion one of the members read a clipping
from a newspaper of recent date giving an
account of the death of L. R. Connor of
1765 Atlantic street, West Oakland. Ac
cording to the article Connor was a switch
man in the employ of the Southern Pa
cific Company and went out on strike with
the others. Like the rest his name was
put on the blacklist, anfi all efforts to se
cure work, both in and out of railroading,
proved failures, and he eventually died
from the effects of hard times and his in
ability to secure work. Connor left a
young wife and several little children to
the charity of a cold world.
"There is one sample of the railroad's
bfg heart," exclaimed the member. "This
is not the only case where black-listed
men have been starved to death or driven
to suicide because they took part in that
strike."
Considerable time was consumed in tell
ing of incidents of m^n driven from place
to place, and it was said that nowhere in
the United States could an ex-striker se
cure work for any length of time. The
statement was made that every railroad
company in the country has what is
known as the rogues' gallery, which con
tains, not the pictures of convicted felons,
but of men who were interested in the big
railroad strike.
The members of the union regard the
proclamation as an election-year trick of
the railroad people.
NOT A HEART AFFECTION.
Believes the Southern Pacific Is
Suffering From the Failings
of Incompetents.
W. W. Craig was alco an active partici
pant in the strike at Sacramento, an^ con
sequently believes he has nothing t: ">e
for under the new order of things on 9
lines of the Southern Pacific Company.
This is his opinion of the situation:
"It is getting near election time, and
they may need these pople to vote for and
elect men who will protect the interests of
the Southern Pacific.
"It would be well for the public to know
why Manager Fillmore was so sud
denly affected with enlargement of
t,he heart, an affoction to which
he was never suspected of being suscepti
ble after keeping these men out of employ
ment for nearly two years. Perhaps it is
because the political department of the
Southern Pacific is getting shaky.
"Another probable reason is that they
are getting tired of having so many acci
dents caused by the incompetency of their
present em ployes.
"Or again, it may be that C. P. Hunting
ton and Manager Fillmore are contem
plating a reduction in wages of the en
gineers and conductors and think that
they can use the ex-strikers to help them
in winning any contest that may arise.
"That there is some ulterior motive in
it lam sure. It is not done because they
want to take the ex-strikers back out of
good-heartedness, tor none of the officials
are ever troubled with that complaint."
I. out at I'oker.
E. H. Hall, 1124J£ Folsom street, swore to a
complaint in Judge Low's court yesterday for
the arrest of James L. Ward, driver of a soda
wagon, on the charge of felony embezzlement.
Hall said he sold hi* saloon recently and gave
Ward the money, amounting to #ltj'4. to keep
for him. He ufterwurd found that Ward had
lost the money at poker, so he wanted him ar
rested.
USES HIS COFFIN
FOR A WARDROBE,
Old John Frear Refers
Facetiously to His
"Box."
BUILT TEN YEARS AGO.
An Interesting Patient Is Taken
to the Receiving
Hospital.
ALMOST SORRY HE IS ALIVE.
A Collection of Food, Crockery and
Trousers Repose in His Brit
ish Coifin
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
UOB Broadway, June 3. f
An old man, who fell in an epileptic fit
last night and was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, tias the most grewsomecombina
tion pantry and wardrobe on lecord. He
somewhat startled Steward Victory when
he returned to consciousness.
"I came near having a use for my box
this time," said the old man, who ia John
Frear, a gardener.
"What box do you mean?" asked the
steward.
Then John proceeded to tell his story.
He is an Englishman, 70 years of age, and
he resides in apartments on Twenty-first
street.
Ten years ago, when John was three
score years old, he decided that death
could not be very far off, and as he was
desirous of beinp buried in a genuine oak
coffin he commenced to build one There
is a vast difference between the solid Eng
lish coffin and the attractive American
casket, and John's is modeled after the
pattern of those things as used in his
native land. It is generously studded with
black-headed iron nails, and is not draped
with black cloth, but is darkly stained,
and is a typical British element of sepul
cher.
Frear was very proud of his home
made coffin, and as each year passed by he
was disappointed that he had no use for
his handiwork. Some time ago his second
wife, a Mexican lady, went to Mexico to
settle up an estate and Frear moved into
smaller quarters. Not finding as many
cupboards and lockers as he needed, he de
cided to use his coffin for a pantry and
wardrobe. He pun in a couple of shelves
and in the lower half he put some hooks
on which he hung his clothes.
Whether by accident or design is not
known, but over the coffin is a little framed
sign that contains the* word "Welcome."
The grewsome invitation was probably
there before Frear moved in, but it adds
not a little to the facetious effect of the
old man's chamber.
Frear is a gardener and he is well known
around town. Ho is subject to epileptic
fits, although they are not generally so
severe as that of last night. His maimed
lip was attended to and he left the hos
pital to-day as well as ever. He is very
robust for his age, and there is nothing in
his appearance to indicate that he may not
live for many years.
JAPANESE JEALOUSY.
S. Fenkanda, a Cook, Shot in the
Left Breast by J.
Takakori.
A pretty Japanese woman was the cause
of a shootin? affray last night in a lodg
ing-house at 606 Pine street, tenanted by
Japanese.
J, Takakori's wife left him recently, and
since then lie has been unable to find any
trace of her. He accused S. Fenkanda, a
cook, living at 711 Stockton street, of
alienating his wife's affections, and
threatened to kill him on sight.
Last night Fenkanda went to the Pine
street lodging-house to see if TakaKori's
wife had returned, as he was interested in
her welfare, and met Takakori, who ac
cused him of stealing her away from him.
P'enkanda denied Knowing anything about
her. when Takakori pulled a revolver out
of his pocket, and, telling Fenkanda that
he would kill him and then kill himself,
he fired a shot at him.
Fenkanda rushed out of the house and
alone the street till he met a policeman,
to whom he told wi at had occurred. The
policeman rang for the patrol wagon and
Fenkanda was taken to the Receiving
Hospital. Dr. Fitzpibbon found that the
j bullet had entered Fenkanda's left breast,
grazing the membrane of the lung. It
was extracted. The wound is not con
sidered dangerous.
Takakori escaped, and the police are in
clined to believe that he will shoot him
-1 self.
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
| PIN ANY ALE'S AD i
X TO THE ARTICLE ADVERTISED AND THERE Jf
Jf IS YOUR GUARANTEE— A GUARANTEE THAT V
If DOESN'T STOP SHORT OF ENTIRE SATIS- V
X FACTION. ADVERTISERS OF FACTS MAKES J?
X ™ IS X
X FRISCO'S BUSY STORE. 9
& SHIRT $ . €%
V WAIST $ SNIP-SNAP. CAN you A
V -J&* WAIST f CAN Y ou A
"*■ tPiK CAI P ® NOT ALMOST HEAR THE X
f§{ ' _jGv 2>AL,C. fo CLICK -OF THE PRICE @>5
II —^^^fer^ Th O r; > % CLIPS? 13 it NOT MUSIC II
$8 A f'SMKj'l -Jrt!il.ti ITO YOUR ECONOMIC SOUL? §>f
8 W?iF/ *« ™, '" lAS YOU READ YOU CAN " If
II WWfc' £? Ther« I NOT REALIZE THE POSSI- ||
®® is * no . _ uch | BILITIES OF OUTER GAR- $5
®g> Pr ...i\\? • another I MENT DREAMS THAT ||
II J V collection § HAVF; HERETOFORE BEEN &|
<f® to be seen % °QUELCHFD BY THK GOB- ||
m ° ,_ « LIN "COST TOO MUCH." WE ||
®d . *' (5) ARE RAPIDLY SELLING <Svs)
(fxl) , ® THE CHAS. MAYER JR. ®*
©$■ $ CLOAK ?TOCK AT FROM jj@
(£$ <§ 10c TO 33%0 ON THE DOL- (ff)
<§.« LADIES' PERCALE WAISTS, S LAR VALUE. EYES OP^N ®@
(»(•) fine quality, 'aundered collar ®' . , 7T . , Qrp . DTwr , nR VOTTR *®
«}5 and cults, yoke back, full 5S AND BE STARING OR YOU B gg
«§"• front, large fnll sleeves, all PQC " « THOUGHTFUL NEIGHBOR ft*
VTg new « v les and patterns, .)./ fiFT l^ TTTF 1 •RTT'CI'T 1 *®
Ss. were 75c. Special price Each « vrt. 1& 1 tin* UtL,z> I . ~jfa
WS lapses' SOFT - finished |j Hi
?5$ PERCALE WAISTS, lann- }5 SGi;
5jJ? dered collar and cuffs, full J5( i,
jM> hack and front, extra hie Q f~'?m\
®<5 sleeves, now patterns andflT»"l.OO ®, MAVCH CTA/'l( r x,<
®<* new colorines, were $1 '25.^1 <•) iVIAYtIK oIUwK. *^
(•)(•) and $1 50 each Special price Each <•)
|xi ®®®®®®(?<s)®®s^ (•) —
§i ®®®®®®®®®«®«®®®®®®®®®®(»® —
(a® ® ®^>p
' fiS SILK SELLING. <f) 165 LADIES' WRAPPERS, rnf- gift
S^c « fle over shoulder, his sleeves, (m®
><>< }>j( pretty designs, stripes and COO iZ^fh
|$ SUCH SILK SELLING AS S mixtures, regular $1 wrap- Of/ g^
II THI^ WEEK MELTS THE $ Per, sizes 32 to 44. our price Each |^
®(f BIGGEST PILES. BE ON ® '• •>
®® TIME. § £'*x
®W Onr XI I*. nT.ArTr «(ATTV ® 97 LADIES' WAISTS, black (gX<»)
®® DUCnKSS 24-inch enarnn- ® silk, shirt wafsr »leev»«, with ©Q. On »($
m teed all pure ilk h kn? be," QfTC | enffs, regular 1896 ?4 waist.^.|—- .gj
(£(•) dye. For the balance of this OO <•) Our price Each <§3)
(•>•) , week. . Special price Yard ® ft®
$"••§ BLACK PATIX DaMASSE, in ® . *0
<&<& BLACK SATTNr DaMASRB. In (5) . **
(5y5 . large designs, extra heavy, fflj-j .50 fa __ TlT , lir q< m attttt a«s«sit W®
II ; 2 Chl p r!cT nt Wr ladles Hr7 137 ja^etl. £$ra£2S m
ft® skirts, rnce...... Yard with fur. all silk lined: Chas.^Q. 50 «."»
If ®®«£>®®<^s<^xs>®^^ f a «ro"n?ssa.^..' .f. .r'k II
II WASH GOODS. I — 8
8 JUST WHE"N~YOU WANT I EL^r T s,thVia D A i^? M
££> THEM. PRICES CLIPPED TO <•> " left, 5 yards wide and bound ®£J
wj) t'tttt <a r» » t 1 c c t dttdci? ®/ with velvet, lined all throuch Ct* S.OO ?<
1$ t? « SHORItbT PURbE. ® with percaline: Mayer's priced D ®®
y SPECIAL SELLING. ® $8 50. Our price.............. Each W
%% WHITE LAWN, raised stripe, % %#
JK in a variety of colors, 23 QC )j\ — — jg
%% inches wide, regular 12JAo t/ X IS
JJ quality. Special price Yard X 47 LADIES' JACKETS, in tan jaT
£% cloth, two laree pearl buttons, ff%
DRF.B-; GIXGIIAMS, manufac- <£) trimmed with small pearl jf
M^ Hirer's remnants, 2 to 12 CC ® buttons down the. front, a(JJ»C.OO M^
\w yards long, regular 10c ging- O ® little beauty : Mayer's prlce«3)c)— — \jr
Jfk ham. Special price Yard ® ?9. Our price Each >^k
Ihalebros^l
& INCORPORATED, A
I 937=945 Market St. x
Cyvyihj ry ■ .^ < j^vS v f SYy/^YS\' aV^VSYS > >-'S v Y'SVSVSVSVaySVSV£' fw. .^tt^ j#W -^*> jf
>^?Vv^rS^^!>xyM®(sx<»<s®®®®®®®® • ®®®®®®®<g^^M"N^^^^
PRUNES!
Extra Fine French Prunes, 6 lbs for — 25c
Regular price 10c per lb.
BEST BUTTER, squares 30c
Best Butter, r0115...... 25c
HIRE'S ROOT BEER, per bottle 10c
French Castile Soap, per bar 20c
Regular price 40c.
HIGH-GRADE TEAS, per lb 45c
Regular price 60c.
ROBINSON & KNOX,
1928 and 930 Market St.
000-906 Valencia St., Corner 20th.
The delights of cycling are
enhanced by owning a thor-
oughly high-grade wheel. Such
a wheel is the PIERCE. . Every
detail perfect. Easy running.
STILISH AND GRACEFUL
$100 and $75.
' One of our many models will
suit you. Call or write for
catalogue.
HOLBROOK, MERRILL &STETSOI,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Blanket & Beale Sts., 223 J Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. SACRAMENTO.
®J(0 W PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY- DISKANKK OF MEN. INCLTTD-
ail forms of Blood. Skin and .Nervous Di«- '
pasesofaprivjuentuiire. Over2oyears' experience.
Book sent free. I'atients cured at Home. Term*
reasonable. Office Hours. It to 3 daily: 6:30 to 8:30 '
evenings. Sunday*. 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROHC'OK McMtLTY, M.D.,
26& Kfiinij Street, Man Franeiaco, Cal.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNKY-AT-
V law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
•uo Palace HoteL Telephone 570. Kesldence 1020
i'ell it. Telephone. "Pine" 2591.
"THE CLEANER 'TIS, THE COSIER 'TIS."
WHAT IS HOME WITHOUT
SAPOLIO
DAZ.AAI\
TOP '96
NOTCH- B ei .| r
EDO §
ERSI Bicycles
$85^
$10 DOWN AND
$2 PER WEEK.
Absolutely high grade. Made In all
height of frames for
LADIES OR GENTS.
A FEW '95'S
LEFT AT
$60.^:
SAME CONDITIONS AS ABOVE.
' ■'■
COSMOPOLITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 -and 102 Fifth st., San
1 rancisco, Cal.— The iiio-u select family hotel la
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 ad $1 5U pat
day, according la room. Meals -5c llcoms, )i
ami' 7 Do a day. Jb'ree coach to and from lbs hOtat.
.Look (or the coacu beari tig the name of the Cot*
mopolUan Hotel. Wit Jb'AliU V. JPropriaUtSi
■ 111 l II 111 f WIIiCOX COMPOUND
Tm WIL.COX COMPOUND
ansWmus
*~ Safe and SURE. Always reliable. T»k#
OOsnDstitute. For sale by all druggists. $2.0 a Send
4c. for Woman's Safeguard. WII.COX SPECIFIC
CO.. 218 SOUTH EIGHTH ST., PHILADA..PJL