VOLT ME LXXIX.— NO. 50.
WAR CLOUDS
OF THE WORLD
England Making Overtures
for Peace With
France.
SPLITTING UP OF SIAM.
Concessions of Greater Importance
Than Those Asked in
Venezuela.
AMAZEMENT AT THE KAISEE.
Britons Gasp Over What They Consider
the Cool Impudence of Ger
many's Ruler.
Copyright. 18P6. by the New York Tlmeg.
LONDON", Eire., Jan. 18. — Although
these little islands are still resounding
with the turbulent echoes of Music Hall
tism and the dockyards are still
working overtime to hurry forward new
Fhips for commission, immediate occasion
for excitement seems to have passed away.
Germany produces the effect of having
• i down. Even those of her inspired
I avers who keep up the ugliest talk ad
mit that there is 110 overt action just at pres
ent. They say instead that Germany will
keep- the Transvaal just as France keeps
Egypt- as a weapon eternally hanging
over England's head to be used whenever
ts in a tight corner.
Fbis suggestion probably infuriated the
Englii than open defiance would
do. . .*.h amazement the report
that the Kaiser has .said that he is coming
to the Cowes regatta this summer, quite as
usual.
The cool impudence of this proposition
fastens universal attention upon a story
given with ail the appearance of veracity
in Truth that in 1894, while Emperor Wil
liam was entertaining the Prince of Wales,
the Duke of Cambridge and a dozen other
eminent Englishmen on board his yacht
off the Isle of Wight, a telegram was
brought in announcing a grave complica
tion between the French ani English in
ISiam and he jump«d on a chair, waved his
napkin and shouted, "Hurrah, at last you
are in trouble."
It is understood that something like this
.".-'i ; orrle here, turning it
over in their minds, feel that it will be im
possible for that young man to come her<;
any more. Some papers hint openly that
he gets drunk at table and then says and
does these incredible things, but the pun
ters to believe that he is a malignant
lunatic and the fire of popular antipathy
tv him burns on very steadily all over Eng
lan i.
Beyond the visible evidence that Lord
Salisbury is striving to use the German
quarrel to palch up an understanding with
France, the week has not brought much
to help clear the obscure and ijJS&jved
European situation. Overtures toFrench
friendship, which will fill the Knglish
papers, are too clumsy and obviously in
terested not to raise a smile on Parisian
lips, but there are signs that the idea is
being seriously considered nevertheless.
I imagine that the event of the next few
weeks will contribute rather sensationally
to this very desirable end.
It is whispered that in routing out the
gang of harpies who feasted on the poor
'•petit suriers'" carcass the police have
stumbled on an extraordinary lot of clews
to a much larger mystery. Ever since the
discovery of the Dreyfus treason, which
could net well be accounted for on merce
nary grounds, there has been growing up
the suspicion that a dan rerons sinister con
spiracy existed in the heart.: Paris, which
worked in close relation with the German
embassy, and served German purposes,
| nmarily sought to turn the be
trayal of France to the interest of a huue
international combination of financiers.
I get a hint now that the seizure of St.
Cere'fl papers has j at the evidence of this
into the hands oi the French Government
and that at the appropriate dramatic
moment there will be a disclosure whirh
will not only startle France but evoke an
explosion of popular fury aeainn Ger
many. Already the anti-Semitic French
press is talking plainly about this, and
though other papers still guardedly ob
serve their rule of saying nothing which
can offend the Jewish banking world, they
will be driven from their reserve if all one
hears about Rosenthal's connections are
true.
Tt is not a mere chance that all these
blackmailing journalists and politicians
who are in prison or on the threshold of
prison, and who have been doing some
thing to down the French inimosities
toward Germans', have been most violent
and persistent traducers of England.
It is plain enough that the Anglo
phobia of the Parisian press in recent
years has been deliberately incited and
paid for, and great hopes are being built
here on the belief that the French people
must realize this at Jast, and in their rage
at swindlers and traitors who have been
managing this anti-English crusade will
turn again to English friendship. Per
haps it would be better if these hopes were
more prudently moderated. Deloncle's
colonial group is still a powerful race to
bullr the Chamber of Deputies, and seri
ous papers like L« Temps and Le Journal
dt-8 Debats .still iend themselves to its de
termined fight against allowing France
and England to become reconciled. They
seize now upon England's remarkable
n of territory on the Mekong not as
a gracious act, but as a proof that Eng
land is in a cowardly mood, which France
ouprht to utilize to pet also the Niger,
Egypt and whatever else she fancies.
Whether these people can intimidate
Bourgeois and Berthelotnext weekorover-
throw them in the Chamber of Deputies
is a nervously important problem. Per
haps they may, unless that^umored reve
lation of who is really behind Jthe colonial
group and its journalistic pirates is forth
coming.
Tttib effort to make friends with France
The San Francisco Call.
is England's sole concern, at least on the
surface, in the continental policy. O:i all
sides old alliances seem to be meiting
away, possibilities of new and strange
combinations are rising out of a flood, and
literally no one knows what the morrow
may bring forth, but England has no Em
bassador at St. I'etersburg, and does not
intend sending one tili March, <vhieh lends
color to the suspicion that the Czar and
the Kaiser have established a partnership
which it is useless to try to upset.
Cecil Rhodes is actually at sea racing
homeward to begin the fiebt for the char
tered company before Parliament meets.
English attention will be speedily concen
trated on the domestic aspect of this great
upheaval. As matters stand to-day it is
thought probable that a majority could be
found in the House of Commons for re
voking the charter altogether. What the
feeling will be a month hence it isdiflicult
to say. 'In us far these queer people have
been p.ble to keep quite distinct their ven
eration for Jameson and their enthusiasm
for Chamberlain. These two emotions,
flatly contradicting each other, have ex
isted, so to speak, in the water-tight com
partments side by Bide, but when Rhodes
appears on the scene it is obvious that he
cannot be a National hero unless Chamber
lain worshipjis to be abandoned. The latter
was evidently within bounds the other day
when he warned a cheering Birmingham
crowd that his work was by no means
ended yet.
J i i- fight with Rhodes and the whole
tremendous social and financial £outh
African combination behind him will
strain him to the very utmost. If he
emerges victorious he will be indeed a
great man.
The story that the real destination of the
new special-service squadron is to be Ber
muda seems to have originated in the
gossip of the naval clubs, and though I
can learn nothing definite I am told by
oflicial friends that it will be pretty safe to
discredit it. Public opinion here would
regard the discovery that such a step had
been ordered as nothing short of a na
tional calamity. The speeches of Balfour
and Ridley have been gladly accepted as
official assurances from this side, as Olney's
action in placing the Americans in the
Transvaal under Britiih protection seems
to be from the other, that an amicable
settlement is no longer doubtful. To be
compelled to revise this opinion would
make everybody angry.
If Lord Salisbury ran abandon the whole
valuable Mekong Valley and actually
withdraw British garrisons from it to
please V ranee he surely cannot ask Parlia
ment or the country to support him in a
quarrel with America about an infinitely
smaller matter in which not even effectual
possession can be proved. But where the
living squadron is to go when the admiral
gets his sealed orders at Heechaven re
mains an entire mystery. It would serve
no purpose to retail the various specula
tions, for they are all equally guesswork.
The whole world war outlook is so curious
ly involved and unsettled that it is hard
telling which one of a dozen points these
snips are liable to be needed most at when
spring opens. The opinions to whicti I
am disposed to attach the most importance .
look for them to turn up in Chinese
waters, but these may be quite wrong.
Six weeks ago, of course, such an ex
pectation would have been referred by
everybody to the Levantine trouble; now
the impression that England has drawn
neck and crop out of that particular im
broglio is so general that nobody thinks of
suggesting that this squadron may be for
use there. This impression is greatly
strengthened by the withdrawal of the
British Mediterranean tleet from Salonica.
One division 13 corning back to Malta, the
other is going down for police duty in the
vicinity of the Aleppo. But it is well to
remember that John Bull is not incapable
on occasion of a certain amount of guile,
and it may easily be that his ostensible
abandonment of the Armenians to their
fate is designed to throw others off their
guard while he prepares to interfere more
vigorously than 2ver.
The celebration of the twenty-fifth anni
versary of the foundation of the German
empire to-iiay was purely an affair of
princes and generals. The public has
been offered no part in it, no newspaper
men have been admitted to witness any
phase to the court festivities, and even the
ordinary stand for spectators, always here
tofore permitted in front of the opera
house, to witness the review of troops, was
to-day forbidden. Nothing could better
illustrate the despotism that the imperial
government has made during the past
year or the width of the gulf now sepa
rating it from popular sympathy and in
terest. It is true that a large number of
victims of the recent Oriental enforcement
of the lese majeste laws have received im
perial clemency in an effort to get the peo
ple to think that they are associated with
the anniversary, but the act has been
coldly received.
The fact that the Socialist organ, the
Vorwaerts, when able yesterday to print
the decree which the Kaiser was religiously
saving up as to-day's surprise is by far the
most significant of a long series of proofs
that the administration is filled with men
who secretly sympath ize with the Social
Democrats and are willing to run terrible
risks to provide them with the most confi
dential secrets of tne various ministers.
It used to be suspected that the printers
did this and thorough precautions were
taken to render that impossible, but the
menacing leak goes on just the same.
It is not unlikely that the Authors' Soci
ety will go to pieces in the course of the
furious impending tight over the celebrated
address to American brethren. One gath
ers in the papers that Hall Came wrote it.
and Besant and Conway approved ; but it
seems that the committee or council of the
society was not consulted, and every un
known hack writer in the land who has
been able to buy a Hall merk of literary
genius for his or her guinea subscription
is aching to come up to London for a gen
eral meeting and make a fuss about it.
Christina Rossetti's hitherto unknown
poems, published to-day, are much larger
in bulk and more important than had
been supposed. The volume of nearly 400
pages contains much which her devotees
treasure as equal to her best, and some few
things which will probably win her new
admirers.
Henry Arthur Jones' ambitious "Michael
and Ix>st Angel" challenges and receives
voluminous credit in the discussion in
type, but Marion Terry, as it turns out,
has not had her great chance after all!
The innate deviltry of the female part
Mrs. Patrick Campbell might have made
wonders of if she had gone on with it is
quite bej'ond the grasp of the other, whose
great talents are limited by her womanly
sweetness and tenderness. Forbes Rob
ertsrm, too, gives Michael such an
icy, Cal'vinistic twist that, between them,
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 19, 189G— TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
the improbability of the story is forced on
the spectator's mind throughout. There
appears to be much feeling in some cleri
cal circles about the propriety of the church
scene, but this hardly likei}' to damage the
box receipts, which are said to be very
promising.
As a corollary of the recent debate about
abuses of the judicial machinery here ana
the decline of litigation from dread of its
increasing costly processes, it is noted that
only fifty-one students are to be called to
the bar this term from all the four inns of
court, whereas for many years past the
annual number has been close on a hun-
dred. Tliis discouragement of barristers
is matched by the despondency among
solicitors, who find that courts are dis
posed to exert much more vigilance in
watching their practices and take a hostile
view of their little games, which formerly
was undreamed of. Twice this week a
judge, when asked to adjourn a case be
cause the solicitor in charge was engaged
on another case elsewhere, ordered that
the solicitor himself should bear the ex
pense of the delay, and the mere thought
of this becoming a general precedent fills
all attorneys with dismay.
Emperor William, unwarned by experi
ence with Koch's tuberculosis fantasy,
had Professor Roentgen to rush from
Wurzburg to Potsdam to give an illus
trated lecture to the royal family i,n Ins
alleged discovery of how to photograph the
invisible, and bestowed on him the order
of the crown, the same second-class decora
tion that poor Koch got, tut it is already
found that this discovery was not only
made by a Prague professor in 1885, who
got an admirable photograph of Mount
Wane at midnight by the use of cathodic
rays, but a full report of the achievement
was made to the Austrian Academy of Sci
ences in 1885.
An announcement was made to-day
which threatens to knock the whole un
derpinning from the structure of bardic
antiquity on which the Eisteddfod is built.
Professor Morris Jones, who, next to
Rhys, is the 'most weighty authority on
Cymric literature, publishes the fact that
he has become convinced that the whole
institution of Gorsedd, which purports to
maintain an unbroken tradition of cere
monial ritual even to vestments from
Druidic times, is a gigantic and deliberate
imposture perpetrated in the sixteenth
century by Glamorganshire bards in order
to justify their provincial revolt against
the then National Eisteddfod.
Henry Somerset, son of Lady Henry
and her heir presumptive of the dukedom
of Beaufort, who is well known in America,
is to be married Thursday to the daughter
of the Duke of St. Albans, and the event
will be marked by a public welcome of the
young couple in the market place of
Reigate, where an address is to be pre
sented. Such ceremonies are common
still in more feudal rural parts, but is a
rare occurrence in a large, almost subur
ban town like Reigate.
Harold Frederic.
An Artist Utcoratrd.
PARIS, France, Jan. 18. — The American
artist, Cecelia Wentworth, has received the
decoration of Ofticicr de la Acadeinie.
THE ANGEL OF THE CLOUDS.
I "bring Fresh showers for* the : thirsting 'flowers,
From til© • seas and the streams ; . .
. I ( bear ligiit shades for the leaves when laid
In their noonday dreams. . ' —shbllet.
AMERICANS TO
BE PROTECTED
Governor Budd's Telegram
Given to Secretary
Olney.
PRISONERS AT PRETORIA
The State Department Will See
That the Accused Men Are
Tried Fairly.
COAST SENATORS INTERESTED.
Consular Representatives Instructed to
Watch the Cases of Hammond
and Others.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 18.— No tele
gram has been received from President
Cleveland from Governor Budd of Cali
fornia, but Senator White to-day trans
mitted to Secretary Olney a telegram that
he received from the Governor late last
night, requesting that every effort be used
to protect Californians now incarcerated
at Pretoria.
Senator Dubois of Idaho and Represen
tative Catchings of Mississippi also called
on Secretary Olney to-day. Dubois went
in behalf of V. H. Clement, formerly of
Idaho, and Representative Catchings is in
terested in the welfare of John Hays Ham
mond and wife. Mrs. Hammond was a
Miss Harris of Mississippi, and her rela
tives and friends there are alarmed for the
safety of Hammond and his wife. They
have written and wired Catchings to exert
every influence at the State Department.
Senator Dubois said to The Call corre
spondent to-nieht:
"Mr. Catchings and I saw Secretary
Olney at noon to-day. He assured us that
everything had been done that could be
to insure the protection of all Americans
arrested. Of course he could not give us
any assurance that they would not be pun-
ished if found guilty of aiding, abetting or
participating in a conspiracy or rebellion.
The most he can do is to see that the
prisoners are not maltreated during their
incarceration and that they are given a
fair trial.
"1 do not believe that, if found guilty,
they will be severely punished. They may
be fined, but the possibility of a worse
punishment is a very remote possibility.
1 am satisfied the State Department has
done and is doing everything in its power.
They have cabled our consular representa
tives at Johannesburg and Cape Town,
and both have acknowledged receipt of
these cable's instruction, but as yet have
sent nothing definite in the shape of news.
I am particularly interested in the case of
V. H. Clement, who was one of our promi
nent Idaho citizens, being interested in
the Bunker Hill and Sullivan mines, two
of the biggest and best mining properties
in our Staie."
Senator White said:
"There is absolutely nothing now to be
said. The department has cabled its con
sular agents, and is waiting for more ex
tended reports from them. I transmitted
Governor Budd's telegram to Secretary
Olney to-day, Perkins and I are taking
an active interest in the welfare of the
I'a'.ifornians arrested, and we are con
fident that Mr. Olney will do all that he
can."
It has been reported here that Secretary
Olney was much vexed because he did not
hear from Consular Agent Manion at
Johannesburg, and Consul Knight at Cape
Town, and that he had reprimanded the
former and was contemplating sending
Knight to Pretoria. These reports are
erroneous. Olney has heard from the Con
suls, who briefly acknowledged the receipt
of the cablegrams. The cable tolls are so
high that Secretary Olney does not expect
or wish to hear full reports by wire, having
every coniidence that the American and
British Consuls will jointly do everything
possible for the imprisoned men of both
countries.
CONFISCATION Of PROPERTY.
The Jtorr Government May Make a Rich
Maul.
LONDON. England, Jan. 18.— Experts
in the law of the South African republic
concur in the belief that if the penalties
for treason are enforced in full the Boer
Government will make a rich haul through
the confiscation of property of those who
are convicted of that crime. Among
those arrested is Lionel Phillips, who :s
the registered holder of Rand shares to
the amount of £1,250,000. Calculations
based on the knowledge of the prop
erty of thp other prisoners show
that the total money value of the
property liable to confiscation is £14,000,
--000. The clemency shown by the Boers to
Dr. Jameson and the other raiders is sus
pected to cover their intention to keep
their grip on the better spoil.
The fortune of Cecil Rhodes, the ex-
Prime Minister of Cape Colony, is esti
mated at £7,000,000. Besides coming to
England to defend the interests of the
British South Africa Company, in which
he is the ruling spirit, and of Dr. Jame
son, Rhodes is concerned in a project for
the purchase from Portugal of Delagoa
Bay, East Africa, by an English syndicate.
Portugal will be tempted by an offer of
£12,000,000. In the meantime the hand of
the British Government, which cannot
now be seen in the deal, will be disclosed
if Portugal consents to dispose of the ter
ritory in question.
TItA.ysrA.AI, POPULATION.
The Boer* Are in rower, out in the
minority.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 18.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Berlin
says: To supplement the information tele
graphed Thursday, on the authority of
Winterfeld, Consul-General of the Trans
vaal in this city, Dr. Leyds gives the fol
lowing statistics of the relative proportions
of the Boer and the Uitlander population
in the Transvaal :
The Transvaal Secretary of State says:
"An official dispatch just received from
Pretoria tells me that the figures at the
last election — in 1891 — record 14,971 valid
votes out of a total voting register of 21,
--237. Burghers who have a lull franchise
number 22,628.
"Of the total number of white inhabi
tants of the Transvaal 75,720 are Uitland
ers. Of these 41,445 are British subjects
and 34,445 are other foreigners and 439 are
Americans. The number of Boer com
batants is placed at 25,457, all mounted
and well armed.
"The Transvaal Government will bestow
the franchise upon all Uitlanders who have
remained loyal to the Government in the
case of the last Kaffir war. Cecil Rhodes
is well aware of the electoral statistics and
deliberately lied in giving numbers at
variance with the above."
Dr. Leyds underwent an operation by
Dr. Fraenccl on Thursday.
KXOWX IX SA>TA. ROBA.
Career of J. 8. Cttrtig, the Arreited Min
ing Emjineer.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 18.— J. S.
Curtis, the mining engineer under arrest
in Johannesburg, South Africa, is well
known in this city. Mr. Curtis married
Miss Rose Behmer of this city several
years ago and left here to accept a posi
tion as a raining engineer with a wealthy'
German syndicate in South Africa.
After serving the syndicate for several
years Mr. Curtis resigned to engage in
mining upon his own account and soon
accumulated a fortune. As he is a gradu
ate of a German university and has always
favored German institutions, his relatives
here are at a loss to account for his arrest
and imprisonment by the Boers, but at
tribute it to his well-known friendship for
John Hays Hammond. In a recent letter
to a brother-in-law here Mr. Curtis said
that he intended returning to this country
soon, but said nothing of any political
trouble in the Transvaal.
CABTVRK OF JBAXDITS.
TJie Leader Killed and Four Placed Be
hind fiars.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Jan. 18.— It
develops that the four bandits arrested at
Cedar City yesterday were the train-rob
bers who held up the Missouri Pacitic train
and robbed the crew of $T>oo on Thursday.
Yesterday six robbers appeared at Cedar i
City and attempted to run the town. Tha j
leader was shot and killed and four were j
arrested. They were broucht here and I
jailed, and this morning were removed to i
the jail at Fulton.
MATE A rRECET>F,ST.
Treatment of Jameson Compared ito the
Fenian Cases. • ■ . ■
LO>DON, Ens., Jan. 18. — The law
papers here adduce the treatment accorded
the prisoners taken during the Fenian
raid into Canada as a precedent for the
treatment of Dr. Jameson and his com
panions in the Transvaal raid. They say
that the prisoners ought to be tried by the
ordinary courts of England. As no in
demnity was demanded from the United
States because of the Fenian raid so no
indemnity should be paid to the Trans
vaal.
CONFESSED WHILE DYING.
A Bank Cashier Told the Presi
dent That He Was a
Defaulter.
la Restitution He Turned Over Heavy
Insurance Policies on
His Life.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 18.— George F.
Murphy, late cashier of the Citizens' Bank
of St. Louis, died last Saturday night.
A morning paper will make the state
ment to-morrow that Mr. Murphy, a few
hours before his death, called to his bed
side J. B. C. Lucas, president ol the bank,
and announced himself a defaulter, and
turned over insurance polices on his life
for $10,000 in restitution.
An attorney for President Lucas, it is
averred to-day, notified Murphy's execu
tor that he had been assigned the policies
as trustee.
ST. IjOUIS IS SELECTED.
Populists Will Hold Their Convention in
That City.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 18.— The executive
committee of the Populist National Com
mittee met at 9 o'clock to-night in closed
session, and, after deliberating an hour,
announced the selection of St. Louis as
their choice for the National convention,
which meets July 22. It is explained that
this unexpected action was brought about
by the pressure of all the cities seeking
the convention to have the iratter settled
at once.
Death of a Moted Miner.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 18.— A Trib
une special from Y'oungstown, 0., snys:
Charles D. Arms died yesterday afternoon
at his home in this city, aged 70 years. He
had been largely identified with the iron
and coal industry of Eastern Ohio for over
forty years, and was one of the wealthiest
men in this part of the State. He had
been largely interested for many years also
in gold and silver mining in Colorado, Ari
zona, New Mexico, Idaho and Washing
ton, his interests being especially large in
the richest mines of tiie AsDen district. A
widow and six children survive him.
Cotcen to Succeed Mayer.
BALTIMORE, Md., Jan. IS.— lt was
rumored on the stree t late to-night that
Congressman John K. Cowen, chief coun
sel of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad,
had been selected as the successor of
Charles F. Mayer, president of the com
pany. It is impossible to get anything
otlicial to-night.
JHamond Merchants Assign.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 18.— Gustave
Fox & Co., diamond merchants, assigned
to-day. The liabilities are $35,000; assets
$25,000. The firm expects to resume busi-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ENGLAND'S MOVE
NOT UNEXPECTED.
Indicated by the Placing o£
Coal and Stores at
St. Lucia.
CRUISE OF THE FLEET.
Speculation as to the Destina*
tion of the British Flying
Squadron.
THE SIGNIFICANT STEPS TAKEN*
Vessels of the United States Navy-
Being Made Ready for a Counter
Demonstration.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. IS.-No offi
cial information has been received by the
"Washington Government of the report
that the British flying squadron is destined
for Mediterranean waters. This much
and no more is given out from otlicial
sources.
The first intimation that the possible
destination of the fleet might be the West
Indies came more than a week ago in tha
shape of information that the BritL-h,
were placing large supplies and other
stores in their fortified naval station at St.
Lucia, near the Venezuelan coast, as men*
tioned in The United Press dispatches at
the time.
While the Naval Department seemingly
paid little attention to the story, it is sig
nificant that steps were taken about tn©
same time by the department to ascertain
how quickly the coast defense monitors
Miantonomah, Terror and Monadnock
could be made ready for service. This
was followed by orders directing that
these vessels be fitted for being placed
in commission without delay. It is ex
pected that the last of them, the uniinished
Terror, will be equipped in about two
months.
There i 3 some talk around the Navy De
partment of the necessity for calling back
to America the commerce, destroyer Min
neapolis and the cruiser San Francisco,
leavine the cruiser Marblehead to attend
to the interests of American missionaries
in the Sultan's possessions. Nothing otii
cial in this matter can be obtained.
Meanwhiie tL e North Atlantic squadron
of evolution, under Rear-Admiral Bunce,
is lying at Hampton Roads, Va.,
awaiting orders to practice evolutions.
The squadron is growing to quite a form Li
able size, and, in addition to the New
York, Columbia, Raleigh and Maine, may
be said to contain the battleship Indiana,
which, while not formally attached to it,
is lying in Hampton Roads, and the bat
tle ship Teias, which will be repaired at
Norfolk without delay if it be in the power
of the repairers to set that unlucky ship
on its sea legs.
SCOVTJiJi AS ABsVltl>.
But All the Same the Ships May Go to
Venezuela.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 18.— Tne destina
tion of the flying squadron recently as
sembled has caused much discussion in
this city. The rumor that the ships had
been ordered to Bermuda is lauehed at by
naval officials, who say that there has
never been any intention to make such a
demonstration on the American side of
the Atlantic. It is hinted that the flying
squadron will be heard of in Delagoa Bay
before it will in the Bermudas. It is
pointed out that there are enough ships in
HEW TO-DAY.
Skin
Remedies
Are Pine
Sweet Gentle
And Most
Economical
3ec*ise io njeeauy eflcctlre. soia throughout the
rorld. British depot: Fkascis Nevtbf.kt * So*s, 1,
ling Edward-«t., London. Fottss JJbuo * Cain,
Soar., Sole trope., Button, U. S. A.
&co'§
COPPER RIVETED
AND
ttTO BOTTOM
; PANTS.
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED^
fOR SALE EVERYWHERE^2
American waters now to be used for the
I overawing Venezuela, if that
were '.ion, without sending an
squadron, while the idea of using
the Bhij s to frijhte.n the United States is
scooted a? absurd.
. c inkliusr of Hear Admiral Dale's
transpired. Ke
• Beel will proceed to
either Bridgetown, Barbadoe?, or to Port
I of Trinidad, which lies
north of Venezuela.
The officials at the Admiralty, when
questioned on the subject, protest that
they are in entire ignorance of where the
squadron will be sen .; but it can be
stated that within the Admiralty circles it
is taken that, as it has been decided to
send the vessels to the southwest, the
course will be somewhere near Venezuela.
The squadron is commissioned for three
years, and it is not intended that it shall
be stationed long at any one point.
Unless the Government shall be able to
announce in the Queen's speech, which
will be read at the opening of the coming
session of Pariiamant, that there is a
definite prospect of the difficulty with
the United States being arranged,
the question of arbitration will be
the leading amendment to the ad
dress in reply to the speech. As a large
section of the Conservatives coincide with
the Liberals regarding arbitration, the
Ministers will have to be provided with
a satisfactory explanation of the whole
course of their dealings with the Govern
ment at Washington or risk a division,
which, despite their mechanical majority,
will shake the position of the Government.
of tii: 1 flying squadron to
• rengthen public
in Prime Minister Salisbury.
: .iron, will go to
either Trinidad seems so
that outside of naval |
r-. i eived with incredulity. The
report :ro:i> Portsmouth is that the
ad on Tuesday
ibably proceed to Gibrai
here it v,iii await further orders.
some quarters
that, having rushed its concentration to
ry during the anti
the main purpose has been
and the squadron can now patrol
trailing for events that may
ire anywhere.
says: If congress indorses
eism and the United States
rnment demands Great Britain's ac
ceptam .- thereof, it would be equivalent to
war, for Great Britain would
never submit to make a virtue of the sur
- . >ssessiona in trie United
i.id exhausted all her re
sources of resistance.
James Gazette say?: If the
A me:. - -i upon the new Monroe
rendering the United States the
absolute and irre?ponsible arbiter of af
fairs on a continent one-third of which is
British, what can be done? Great Britain
cannot avert the consequences by yielding,
The i>=ue of peace or war lies with the
Americans, not us. It is misleading op
timum to pretend anything else.
Bir •. the new Gov
ernor of Bri::«h Guiana, will sail for
D on February 26. He will be
authorized to negotiate with Venezuela
settlement of the boundary disj-ute
latter assents to treat with him.
There is reason to state that prior to ar
. overtures will be
made through the Brazilian Government
to the Government at Caracas, which it is
expected will bring Sir Aiigustus in direct
communication with the Venezuelan Gov
ernment.
The Foreign Office ignores the Vene
zuelan consulate here in matters of diplo
macy, so the consulate, of course, knows
br officially of what is going on.
Nevertheless, it can be stated on good au
sbury is endeavoring,
through a neutral nower, to resume direct
negotiations with Venezuela, and will pro
pose the appointment of a joint commis
-10 dtiimit the frontier. Should this
commission fail to reach a complete
agreement, the points in dispute will be
referred to a third power for decision.
BRITISH J.AMt-GRABBIXG.
1 j -i nnsul ftelaplttm Talka of the Tactics
in Venezuela.
WHEELING,W.VA.,Jan.IB.— TheNewa
to-morrow will contain an interesting in
tr with Lotus Springer Delaplain of
this city, ex-Consul to Demerara, who dis
cussed recent phases of tho Venezuelan
controversy. Mr. Delapliiin says in part:
"The removal of Sir Charles Cameron
is to my mind an indication that the
b are not going to back down an
inch in their position. I knew Mr. Lees
while in Demerara. Personally he is an
exedient man of good address and pop
ular. He Is not aggressive enough to suit
the tastes of the home government.
"When Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary
of the British Colonial Office, ordered him
to purchase Maxim L";ns for the defense
of the frontier Mr. Lees refused to put the
question before the court of policy and
i the demand. He was entirely too
tame, and I imagine the new Governor is
a much stronger and more aggressive man,
who <viil ob'.*y the behests of the Govern
ment at any cost and adopt a policy in
harmony wiih England's land-grabbing
plan-:. Mr. Lee's predecessor was a man
aiter the Uritish heart. He was the Right
Hon. Viscount Gordonston, and he ruled
with a rod of iron.
"It is Viscount Gordonston who ad
vanced British lines beyond any pre
viously claimed. It was in his time that
diplomatic relations between Venezuela
and Great Britain were severed. Lees was
an entirely different man from Gordonston
and I regard his removal as an indication
that Great Britain intends to maintain the
Gordonston. policy of taking ail it can
get"
Referring to the commission of the fly
. ladron by the British, and the re
port that it is coming to Western waters,
Mr. Delaplain said:
"I* 1 •■ - i lit* squadron is going to
the Bermudas. It ia plain the British
want to draw Brazil into the controversy
and gobble more territory."
FOIt XATIOXAT, DEFESSE.
Topics Considered at the liritish Cabinet
Meting.
LONDON, Enc, Jan. 18.— Prior to the
meeting of the Cabinet to-day Prime Min
ister Salisbury, Jowph Chamberlain, Sec
retary for the Colonies, and the Duke of
Devonshire, President of the Council, con
ferred with the Commander-in-Chief, Lord
Wolseley, anrt several other high military
and naval officials. It is surmise! that
the conference had reference to schemes
of the national defense committee, of
which the Duke of Devonshire is presi-
Tim .-inUnnti-f Campaign.
LONDON, E.\c, Jan. 18.— The Govern
ment has received information that the
British expedition to Ashantee under the
command of Sir Francis Scoti has acquired
Coomafeeie without opposition.
}',:!/ f iait the fzttr.
LONDON, E.VG., Jan. 18.— Prince of
"Wales will visit the Czar at St. Petersburg
in May. He will no thence to Moscow,
where the coronation of the Czar will take
tilace.
LATEST GOSSIP
FROM GOTHAM
Chicago's Selection Said to
Be the Outcome of
a Deal.
TO BOOM MR. STEVENSON.
Illinois Sentiment Seems to Favor
the Vice-President's Nom
ination.
CHOICE OF THE POPULISTS.
Bryan of Nebraska Alleged to Have a
Better Chance Than Lyman
Trumbull.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 18.— The gen
eral opinion of prominent men at New York
hotels last night was that the selection of
Chicago as the place for holding the Demo
cratic National Convention was the out
come of a "Stevenson deal," and meant
the nomination of Vice-President Adlai
E. Stevenson to head the Democratic
National ticket. George W. Ruddlestone,
a Chicago man, who is ■well posted on
Illinois politics, said that the quiet Demo
cratic sentiment of Illinois was for Steven
son, and if the force of local sentiment
could dominate the convention, it would
be solid for the Yice-President.
"Governor Matthews," said Mr. Huddle
stone, "will have the Indiana delegates
and some from Ohio and Michigan, and
may develop Eastern strength. I notice
there is talk about the Populists nomi
nating ex-Senator Lyman Trumbull as
their Presidential candidate. This is all
rot. Bryan of Nebraska will come nearer
being the Populist-Free Silver nominee
than any one that has been mentioned up
to date, no matter whether the convention
is held in St. LouL<, Denver or Key West."
Members of the ill-fated "Gentleman
Joe' Company are clamoring for their
salaries. There have been some lively
times at the Fifth-avenue Theater during
the week and at one time it looked as>
though a pitched battle would ensue.
There have been rumors tnat money
would not be ready on the regular salary
day — Tuesday. A notice was posted on
the callboard Wednesday night requesting
the members of the company to meet the
following evening, when it was understood
the money would be forthcoming.
Mrs. M. B. Curtis then announced that
all claims must be presented to Moses X
Kellam, who, she said, was the financial
backer of the company, and showed a doc
ument in support of her assertion. Then
she produced a blank form of demand
upon Kellam for salaries, which she re
quested all members of the company to
sign. Only a few did so, the rest resorting
to exclamations of rage and various
threats. The uproar grew so that the
stage hands twice turned out the lights in
order to force an adjournment.
Stage Manager WiL'ard Lee yesterday
had an attachment served on Kellam's
place of business. Others have begun
suits against him, while a majority are
waiting to see how the affair is going to
end. Many refuse to recognize Kellam
in the matter at all and say they will be
gin suit against Curtis.
The fact remains that whether justly or
unjustly Curtis and his wife are coming
in for a large share of denunciation.
Miss Carrie Roma, who played the princi
pal female role in the play, is vigorous in
her upbraidings.
William H. Crane begins his annual en
gagement at the Fifth-avenue Theater on
Tuesday evening, when he will present a
new play, "The Governor of Kentucky."
Franklin Fyles is the author. All the
scenes are laid in Frankfort.
A dispatch from Poughkeepsie, N. V.,
says that just before the rise of the cur
tain on James J. Corbett's play, "The
Naval Cadet," at the opera-house last
night, Joseph Corbett, brother of tue
pugilist, received a letter which made him
$500 richer.
An Irish servant, Mary Green, had al
ways been a member of the family. She
received no compensation, for she would
take none, but often members of the family
would make Ler presents of money. She
was 90 years old when she died Tuesday
afternoon. In the letter received by Cor
bett his sister stated that the old servant
had left $12,000, which she had accumu
lated.
She remembered Joe Corbett by leaving
him $500, and in the letter the old lady is
quoted as saying: "I did not leave Jim
any money because I thought he would be
insulted."
It has been hinted among the tarfmen
for the last month or more that there was
likely to be a change in the board of racing
stewards this year. That such a change is
more than probable now seems to be as
sured. The retiring steward is Judge
Joseph G. Burke, who is now officiatinff as
presiding judge at the Ingleside meeting,
San Francisco.
Judge Burke had no permanent arrange
ments with the Eastern racing associations
last year, although it was rather expected
that he would be a fixture in the stewards'
stand. He was offered the post of steward
for the Coney Island Jockey Club at the
Sheepshead Bay spring meeting and came
on from St. Louis to accept the position.
After the Sheepshead Bay meeting he was
appointed jockey club steward at Brighton
and Aqueduct. He served also at the
Brooklyn and Sheepshead Bay fall meet
ing, but left for the West before the Morris
Park fall meeting began. His family sub
sequently removed to California, which
would indicate that he expects to make
his home for the future in that section.
It was reported and generally believed
in the nptown hotels last night that
Richard Croker had disposed of bis in
terest in the Belle Mead stock farm, Nash
ville, Term., to his partner, GeneralJack
■on.
OF IXTE&*,tjT TO THE COAST.
The Fight on the Funding Bill to He
Made in the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 18.— Fred
B. Perkins, who is here as Mayor Sutro's
representative to fisht Huntington's fund
ing scheme, said to The Call correspond
ent to-night that he believed the only
chance to defeat the measure was in the
Senate. He believes the House Commit
tee will report the funding bill and it will
go through the House by a big majority,
but in the Senate it will be closer.
Representative Geary declines to b« in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
terviewed on the railroad subject. He
says he will have something to say in a
few days. It was understood some days
ago that Geary was coming here to work
against the funding bill. The Washington
News tnis evening says he will attempt to
apply the Chinese exclusion law to the
Japanese.
George Kolb has been appointed post
master at Dougherty, Alameda County,
vice John Green, deceased.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original: William P. Gould,
Pomona ; George Miller and James F.
Mahoney, Veterans' Home, Napa; Thomas
Knott, National Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles. Mexican War survivor, increase,
William Baber, Plymouth.
Washington — Original: William Me-
Kinzy, Orting; Edward A. Pedigo, Jack
son.
♦
BROKER CHAPMAM COSVICTED.
round Guilty for Refusing to Answer
Questions.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Jan. 18.-Elver
ton R. Chapman, the New York stock
broker on trial for refusing to answer the
questions of the Senate Sugar-trust Inves
tigating Committee, was found guilty to
day. ,;.;/^' :
Counsel for the defense moved for a new
trial and for an arrest of judgment.
The District Attorney stated that he de
sired to proceed at once with the cases of
the men under indictment, as Judge Cole
said he wished the Court of Appeals to
pa Bupon the Chapman case before the
other cases were tried. Mr. Chapman was
then released on $1000 bail. The motion
for a new trial and arrest of judgment will
probably be argued next Saturday.
*
APPROPRIATIOyS APPROVED.
Some of the Largest Items in the Urgent
Deficiency Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 18.—
House Committee on Appropriations to
day completed the urgency deficiency ap
propriation bill. It carries a total of
$4,415,922. The largest item is United
States courts, $3,242,582.
Included in the amount for the Depart
ment of State is an item of $20,000 to
enable the international boundary com
mission to complete the survey between
the United States and Mexico, and under
the Treasury Department $20,000 is allowed
for medals and diplomas awarded by the
World's Fair Commission.
Under the appropriation for the army
is an item of $17,707 to reimburse Secre
tary Lamont for monej advanced to
enable the paymaster-general to pay the
officers and men the money due them for
the last fiscal year ended" June 80. 1595.
No new legislation is contained in the bill.
ARMOR-PLATE CHARGES
An Investigation Commenced by
the Senate Naval Affairs
Committee.
Secretary Herbert Explains How
American Firms Compete With
Foreigners.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 18.— The
Senate Committee on Naval Affairs was in
secret session to-day for a little more than
three hours on the investigation suggested
by the Chandler resolution relative to the
question of excessive charges for armor
plate, the connection of certain naval of
ficers in the patents granted for processes
used by the Navy Department and other
matters cited in Mr. Chandler's resolution.
Secretary Herbert was before the com
mittee for two hours, but nothing was
developed going to show that there had
been any dereliction of duty. No new
armor contracts have been entered into
during the present administration. Mr.
Herbert said it had been the babitof naval
officers when they secured patents upon
thines used by the navy to permit the use
of such patents by the Government with
out charsre. It was not infrequent, he also
said, for the Navy Department to ask for
prompt action in the matter of patents on
such appliances as were used by the de
partment; this was not confined to any
particular administration, but had been
done through several administrations.
Secretary Herbert said that the first
summer after he became the head of the
Navy Department he broke up the practice
that had grown up of allowing long leaves
with permission to naval officers to accept
private employment.
So far as the contract of the armor-plate
establishments with foreign Governments
was concerned the secretary said that he
knew that the American firms had com
peted with foreign establishments where
the bidding was exceedingly close, and
they had been compelled to bid almost at
losing figures in order to secure any of the
contracts. It was charged that these firms
had furnished armor abroad at $300 per
ton that has cost this Government be
tween $500 and $000.
Another special meeting will be held
next Saturday, at which time Commodore
Folger will be a witness. Lieutenant
Ackerman, who is now stationed on the
Pacific Coast, will not be called home for
tho purpose of appearing before the com
mittee. The hearing to-day was behind
closed doors, but tiie testimony and the
findings of the committee will ultimately
be made public.
Clara Barton's Mission.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 18.— Miss
Clara Barton, president of the American
Red Cross, and the members of her staff,
will sail from New York on Wednesday,
January 22, the date originally decided
upon, en route for Turkey.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 18.— The
Treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day was $53,742,168. The reported
withdrawals were $59,000.
Won the First Game.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 18.- J. Frank Mag
gioli of St. Louis won the first of the bil
liard games in the shortstop tournament
to-night in Recital Hall of the Auditorium,
defeating Edward McLauehlin of Phila
delphia by a score of 400 to 378. Highest
runs— McLaughlin 63, Maggioli 50. Aver
ages-Maggioli 14J4, McLaughlin 14.
Rapid Fall in Temperature.
OMAHA, Nebb., Jan. 13.— The fall in
temperature between midnight Friday and
7 o'clock this morning was unprecedented,
the thermometer during that time falling
38 degrees, standing at 2 above zero. It
was a record breaker, but reports so far
received do not give any serious losses of
stock on the ranges.
Repairs for a University.
RICHMOND, Va., Jan. 18.— The House
to-day passed the Senate bill authorizing
the rector and board of directors of the
University of Virginia to issue $200,000 of
bonds for the purpose of repairing the loss
sustained by that institution by the lire of
October 27, 1895.
Settling a ttig Strike.
LONDON, Enq., Jan. 18.— The locked
out engineers of the Clyde shipyards in
Glasgow to-day accepted the terms offered
by the masters. The striking Belfast en
gineers rejected the proposals of the mas
ters. The delegates of the workmen say
the strike is ended.
DIPLOMACY AND
THE FINANCES
Topics at the Banquet of the
New York Board of
Trade.
TWO HUNDRED PRESENT.
President James Spoke of the
Issue of Bonds to Maintain
the Reserve.
ANDREW D. WHITE'S ADDRESS.
Declared That the Diplomatic Service
Was a Cheap Defense of
the Nation.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Jan. 12.— The
twenty-third annual banquet of the New
York Board of Trade and Transportation
was held to-day at the Hotel Savoy. More
than 200 guests sat down to dinner. Ex-
Congressman Darwin R. James, the presi
dent of the board, presided. At his right
sat the Hon. Adlai E. Stevenson, "Vice-
President of the United States, and on his
left wa« the Hon. J. Sterling Morton.
The others at the President's table were
the Hon. Andrew D. White, ex-Minister to
Russia ana United States Venezuelan com
missioner, Congressman Richard C. Shan
non of New York, Hon. William Dudley
Foulke of Richmond, Ind., Mayor Strong,
Hon. Frederick W. Wurster and Hon.
Murat Halstead.
The banquet hall was beautifully deco
rated with flowers and plants. On the
principal table was a model of the Ameri
can line steamship St. Louis and a model
of a locomotive. Among those present
were: Sheppard Knapp, Oscar S. Strauss,
Louis Stern, F. B. Thurber, Simon Steine,
Samuel McMillan, Rastus S. Ransom,
General Benjamin Flagler, Captain H. D.
Borus, U. S. A., and General G. D. Bryant.
When the cloth was removed President
James arose and spoke in part as follows:
"I desire to turn thoughts for a few
minutes to the spectacle which our great
Nation of 70,000,000 of our people is pre
senting to ourselves and the commer
cial world beyond the seas.
"For the third time in about two years
she is offering her bonds for gold in order to
maintain the reserve required by law, and
which reserve will doubtless soon melt
away, requiring another sale and still an
other, unless, perchance Congress steps in
with some remedy, the prospect of which,
I regret to say, is not favorable.
"In conclusion let me say that in my
judgment the postponement of the era of
prosperity is commensurate with legisla
tion that •will take the Nation out of the
banking business, with an income suffi
cient to meet her obligations and a return
to the system of gold revenue for duties on
imported merchandise."
The chairman next introduced Hon.
Andrew D. White, who responded to the
toast, "Commerce and diplomacy." After
showing how zealously the American Min
isters have kept guard over the interests of
American commerce and manufactures in
the Government to which they are accred
ited, Mr. White said:
"But objection is sometimes made to a
regular diplomatic service on the ground
of its cost. 1 tbink you will see in a mo
ment that the diplomatic service may well
be called the 'cheap defense of nations.'
The entire appropriation for the diplo
matic service for the Jast fiscal year was a
trifle over $500,000, bui the cost of miiitary
and naval operations during our Civil
War for each day was to the United States
about $3,000,000. The cost of r'tary
operations during tbe late Fran , ;:s
--sian war, if divided equally between the
two nations, would have amounted each
day to considerably more than $;5,000,C00.
"It is altogether probable that Charles
Francis Adams, by his timely remon
strance with Earl Russell, prevented a
prolongation of our Civil War, which
would have cost us more than the entire
diplomatic service during hundreds of
years.
"But you will ask, How shall our pres
ent system be improved? As I said before,
what is needed is 'not revolution but evo
lution. 1 Our present system is far better
than it once was; and let me say here
that sundry expressions which some of
our pessimists have put forth regarding it
do our country threat wrong.
"Speaking with entire deliberation and
knowing that 1 am well within the facts of
the case, I assert that no other country
has bsen so steadily represented in Great
Britain by such a series of distinguished
and capable citizens as has our own Gov
ernment, beginning with John Adams
and including the honored gentleman
who at present holds the position of Em
bassador to the court of St. James. With
occasional exceptions, the same thing may
be justly said of several others among our
legations at leading capitals in Europe."
Vice-President Stevenson was intro
duced to the meeting. There were loud
calls for a speech, but the Vice-President
simply bowed his head in response to the
calls.
Mayor Strong then spoke briefly on the
power of the Board of Trade and similar
organizations throughout the country.
Congressman Richard Shannon of New
York was the next speaker. He responded
to the toast of "Latin America."
Dr. William Pepper of Philadelphia
spoke on "The University of the United
States," and ex-Congressman William
Dudley Foulke of Indiana spoke of the
relations of "Civil Service Reform and
Commerce" in an effective address.
Mayor Wurster concluded the festivities
with a short speech on "Brooklyn."
A USTAIX3 XB.E JiEEENDJEB.
But the Report Lrta Z,ord Dunraven
Down Quite Easily.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 18.— The Even
ing Sun says: "It can be stated with pos
itiveness this afternoon that the decision
of the committee appointed by the N#w
York Yacht Club to investigate the
charges of unfairness brought by Lord
Dunraven against the crew of the De
fender is in favor of the Defender's men.
The charges were found to be unproved.
The committee, however, finds that Lord
Dunraven had grounds upon which to
base his suspicions, and thus relieves him
from the suspicion that he brought the
accusations in malice. In fact, the report
lets Lord Dunraven down easily, although
it found the charges not proved. This
much was learned from a member of the
club this afternoon. It is expected that the
report will be made public the latter part
of next week."
XHKY WELCOME/* McKISLEY.
Ohio Citizens Gave the Governor a Movie
Reception.
CANTON, Ohio, Jan. IS.— Drizzling rain
did not interfere with the demonstration
and welcome-home reception in honor of
ex-Goverr.or McKinley and wife, planned
by citizens irrespective of party. At 7
o'clock militia companies, citizens and
bands assembled in front of the City Hall
and the public square. The parade
marched to Governor McKinley's resi
dence, whence the hero of the hour
was escorted to the courthouse, before
which thousands of people stood in the
rain to witness the demonstration aud
listen to the speechmaking, which, con
tinued until a late hour.
The address of welcome was made by
Judge George E. Baldwin. He said while
the citizens of Canton were glad to have
Mr. McKinley back the voice of the people
would soon call upon him to fill a still
higher place.
Governor McKinley, in replying, said he
would indeed be ungrateful if he did not
appreciate the gorgeous welcome, consid
ering the inclement night, but made no
reference to the presidency.
COLORADO'S RAJTE WA.B.
yo Present Prospect of a Settlement by
the Roads.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 18.— Chairman
Caldwell to-day ruled that the $60 rate
agreed to west of Eastern gateways of
transcontinental lines for the Baptist an
niversary at Portland, Or., will be availa
ble only fromDuluth, Minneapolis, St.Paul
and the Missouri River points and corre
sponding gateways, which excludes St.
Louis, Memphis and New Orleans.
The Colorado rate war is on as bad as
ever, and threatens to get worse, because
the Gulf road refuses to stand all the loss
of taking out of the scalpers' offices about
700 split tickets which it put on tiie mar
ket. The Gulf officials proposed that the
Santa P'e and Rio Grande roads should
bear an equal proportion of the 1033, and
the proDOsition was rejected because the
Gulf road started the trouble. The rates
will not be restored until the last split
ticket is off the market.
Two Miners Burned.
CLEARFIELD, Pa., Jan. 18.— An ex
plosion occurred to-day in a coal mine at
Rnmey. Two miners were burned to death
and two others severely injured.
EDITOR DANA HONORED.
Distinguished Men Give a Dinner
to the Veteran Jour
nalist.
This Country, He Says, Is the Hope of
the World and Liberty Will
Be Defended.
NEW YORK, S. V., Jan. 18.— Not even
the Lotus Club, famed as it is for its hos
pitality, has ever had within ils walls a
more distinguished gathering of men
than those gathered about its dining
board to-night to do honor to Charles A.
Dana, the veteran editor of the Sun, to
whom the Lotus Club was giving a dinner.
There were lawyers, bankers, merchants,
men prominent in affairs of the State and
Nation and leaders in every walk of life.
There were a host of speakers, but no
set toasts or responses. President Law
rence delivered a short address, in the
course of which he Baid:
"In greeting our guest this evening we
have the typical American journalist — the
representative of a class as potent as any
perhaps in our modern civilization, more
potent tnan any other in molding human
affairs. The press of to-day does not
merely report the news, but often antici
pates it.
"And among the great journals of this
metropolis there is none more distin
guished than that great newspaper whose
briil ; int and successful management for
so rnai.y years has caused our guest of thi3
evening to be regarded among his contem
poraries as a great master of his craft.
"In welcoming Mr. Dana to-night we
welcome the journalist and the man. In
public the sturdy disputant, the holder of
a keen and powerful pen, the grave
philosopher; in private life we greet him
as always the genial and courtly gentle
man."
There was a full live minutes of applause
and cheering when Mr. Dana arose after
his introduction by the President. There
wa9 a tremor in his voice as he began
speaking. He said:
"The heart that would not be deeply
affected by such a welcome as this must
be made of harder material than any I
know of. It is an unusual and undeserved
compliment. Ido not take it so much to
myself as an individual, but as conclusive
of the real I. mericen spirit that lives in
this club."
Mr. Dana said that this country was the
hope of the world, and that the one idea
embodied in the stars and stripes was that
of a nation where liberty should be de
fended with the last drop of blood in our
veins. We were citizens of a country, he
said, that knew no rival and feared no foe.
"We seem to stand at a most interesting
crisis," said Mr. Dana. "And our fall
would mean more to the world at large
than to the individual American."
Colonel John R. Fellows, Chauncey M.
Depew, Robert Bonner, General Horace
Porter, Elihu Root, William McElroy,,
Robert Bridges and Arthur F. Bowers also
delivered addresses eulogistic of Mr. Dana.
Birdie Will Xot Settle.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 18.— Birdie Suther
land, a Gaiety Theater actress, has refused
an offer of £3000 to settle out of court the
action for breach of promise of marriage
brought by her against Dudley Churchill,
eldest son and heir of Lord Tweedmouth,
and the case will proceed to a judicial set
tlement. Miss Sutherland places her dam
ages at £20,000.
Big Orders *>otn Argentine.
LONDON, Eno., Jan. 18.— The Argen
tine Republic has placed orders in Eng
land for warships and war material to the
amount of over £2,000,000. Telegrams
have been received from Buenos Ayres
ordering that the work be accelerated.
This is supposed to be due to the trouble
between Argentine and Chile.
Betieging the Italian:
ROME, Italy, Jan. 18.— Advices from
Abyssinia say that the natives who are
surrounding Makaiie are drawing their
lines closer. The besieged Italians are well
provided with food, but it is feared their
water supply may become exhausted.
An Ultimatum to China.
PEKIN, China, Jan. IS.— The Govern
ment of Great Britain has presented its
ultimatum to China, demanding the open
ing of the West River.
Tea Jiff chant a Assign.
HALIFAX. N. S., Jan. 18.— Moore &
Moore, wholesale tea merchants, have
assigned. No statement has yet been made.
DEATH OF A NOTED
FRENCH STATESMAN.
Close of the Active Career
of M. Charles Thomas
Floquet.
HELD PLACES OF TRUST.
Minister of the Interior and
President of the Chamber
of Deputies.
FIGURED IN THE COMMUNE.
Most Sensational of His Acts Was
the Defeat of General Boulanger
in a Duel.
PARIS, France, Jan. 18.— M. Charles
Floquet, formerly president of the Coun
cil of Ministers, Minister of the Interior
and President of the Chamber of Depu
ties, died at noon to-day.
Charles Thomas Floquet was born at
Saint Jean-de-Luz, October 5, 1828. He
studied at the College St. Louis and was
called to the bar in 1851, and subsequently
engaged in a number of political cases.
When Prince Pierre Bonaparte was tried
at Tours for the murder of Victor Noir,
M. Floquet pleaded successfully for dam
ages on behalf of the family of the vic
tim ; and he was also successful in obtain
ing the acquittal of M. CournC:, who was
tried at Blois in 1870, for participation in a
plot against the Government.
February, 1871, M. Floquet was elected
representative of the Seine in the National
Assembly, but soon resigned his seat, the
reactionary press accusing him of having
relations with the Commune and oi being
its agent in the provinces during the
second siege, a charge which was formally
contradicted by him in the Gaulois. The
Government, however, arrested him at
Biarritz and he was confined at Pau until
the end of June, 1871. In April of the
following year he was elected to the Mu
nicipal Council and again in 1874. In the
Senatorial elections of January, 1878, he
was an unsuccessful candidate, but ob
tained a seat in the second chamber in
February. After the act of the 16th
of May, 1877, he was one of the 363
Deputies who refused a vote of confidence
in the ministry of M. de BroeHe and was
re-elected in the October following.
M. Floquet, who possessed great talent
as an orator, took an important part in the
debates of the new session. At a public
meeting held in Havre in 1880 M. Flo
quet made an energetic speech in favor of
the separation of church and state, as also
for the suppression of the Senate. In 1881
he was elected Vice-President of the.
Chamber. On his nomination as Prefect
of the Seine in 1872 he was obliged to re
sign his seat, but was shortly re-entered to
the Chamber as member of Perpignan,
having, on account of grave differences be
tween him and the Government, sent in
his resignation as Prefect. He was the
principal author of the proposition for ex
pulsion of all the members belonging to
the royal families which had reignea in
France and for depriving them of all polit
ical rights.
In January, 1883, urgency for this prop
osition was carried in the Chamber by a
large majority, but the matter went no
farther at tne time.
On the fall of M. Ferry from power and
the accession of M. Brisson, M. Floquet
was chosen to succeed the latter as presi
dent of the Chamber, a post which he held
with dignity.
At one time he was one of the editors of
the Temps and the Siecle.
He, being supposed to have cried to the
Emperor of Russia, Alexander 11. when a
guest of Emperor Napoleon 111, I- Vive
la Pologne, monsieur!" was in the "black
books" of Russia till 1888, when a formal
reconciliation took place.
In July of that year he fought a duel
with General Boulanger, severely wound
ing him in tne throat with his sword,
greatly to the general's disgust, who, being
an officer, ought to have been a more ex
pert swordsman than a civilian could be
expected to be.
BOXING AND PESTLING
Successful Tournament Under the
Management of Mike
Donovan.
A Large Attendance at the Lenox Ly
ceum and Much Interest
Manifested.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 18.-A very
successful boxing and wrestling tourna
ment, under the management of Professor
Mike Donovan, boxing instructor of the
New York Athletic Club, was held to
night at the Lenox Lyceum. The attend
ance was quite large and much interest
was manifested in the differsnt events,
which were refereed by Macy Moore.
Sammy Myers and Caspar" Leon were the
first pair to appear in the ring. They
boxed four hot rounds and Leon was de
clared the winner.
A wrestling bout between Frank
Williams of Philadelphia and Fred Marks
of Brooklyn was won by the latter.
The next was a four-round bout between
Johnny Young of Brooklyn and Tom Car
ter of California. It was a give-and-take
Weak
Nerves are due to impoverished and impure
blood. Hood's Sarsaparilla cures nervous-
ness because it feeds the nerves upon pure,
rich, nealthy blood.. Remember
Sarsaparilia
The One True Blood Purifier. $1; six for $5.
Hr»/YfT'c Pi lie act btrmoniouslv with
riOOQ S flllS Hood's SfcrsaparilU. S3o
contest from the beginning, but Young
seemed to have the better of it and was
awarded the decision.
A wrestling bout between Evan Lewis,
the "strangler," and J. Comstock, the
Michigan giant, followed. They wrestied
for the best two out of three falls, catch-as
catch-can. Lewis threw his oponent after
seventeen minutes and fifty seconds of the
first round, which was limited to forty
minutes.  _
the wrestlers were resting Tom
Hays and Eddie Hayden sparred four
rounds. The referee declared the bout a,
Lewis won the second fall in the wrest
ling contest and the match.
WILL RE-ENTER THE Rl*G
Corbett to Give Critic* a Chance to Mmk4
Good Xheir Bluff*.
NEW YORK, X. V., Jan. 18.— James J.
Corbett has decided to re-enter the prize
ring and defend the title of champion of
America against all comers. The winner
of the Maiier-Fitzsimmons fight, to be de
cided in Texas next month, will be giv-n
the preference by the Californian.
Corbett's change of base is due to a re
cent interview with Peter Maher, in which
the Irish pugilist is quoted as saying that
if he defeated Fitzsimmons he would force
Corbett to meet him. At New Brunswick,
>'. J., last night, Corbett admitted that he
hßd made up his mind to fight again. He
said :
"When I turned over the championship
to Maher I intended never to fight again,
but in view of the recent events I have
decided to re-enter the ring. Since I re
tired a good many would-be champions
have been making a lot of talk about fight
ing me. Well, I am in the ring again,
and I'll cive them all a chance to make
good their bluffs."
BJiKERSFIELI) FIELD TRIALS.
Vog-Otvners Arrive With Candidate* for
Monday's Events.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 18.— It has
been raining at intervals all day, and if
the downpour continues until Monday it
will be bad for the field trials which then
commence. The following men have ar
rived with dogs to take part: G. T. Allen- &
der, with a string of fifteen, in training at "
McClung ranch; Mr. Waddell from the
Crocker kennel, with a string of six, whefc
are qeing trained at the McKittrick ranch|
M. D. Watts, at Mrs. Mays, with a string
of six.
Most of the participants are expected to
arrive between now and the time when the
trials are to commence. The field selected
for the trials is on the Stockdale ranch, a
few miles southeast of town, where several
sections of land with eood cover have been
carefully preserved, and will afford good
sport. There are plenty of birds on the
track, and if the weather ia satisfactory a
good time is anticipated.
LOS AXGELES USDEJt A MIST.
A Slow Precipitation That la Saturating
the Soil.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 18.— A dense
mist has enveloped Loa Angeles for three
days past, falling aJmost continuously and
effecting a very satisfactory saturation of
the soil. At times the precipitation would
develop into a little shower, but generally
it has been slow and steady, and every
drop has gone into the soil, woere it would
do the greatest quod. No wind has pre
vailed. Reports are coming in that t.'.e
rain will save crops and will also save
from starvation thousands of young lambs
that could not hr.d sustenance on the bare
hills. The present indications are that the
storm will continue indefinitely.
SIZES SELECTED REFEREB.
But the Ministers' Union Protests Against
the Fistic Carnival.
EL PASO, Tex., Jan. 18.— George Siler.
sporting editor of the Chicago Tribune,
has been chosen referee in the Fitzsim
mons-Maher fight, and James Lawler of
Houston final stakeholder.
The city Ministers' Union sends circular
letters to all religious papers in the United
States, calling on pastors of evangelical
churches and Christian Endeavor societies
to unite in prayer on Sunday, January Jo
next, that God may prevent \he fistic car
nival from coming off and save El Paso
from disgrace.
Mourned, at Warm Springs.
WARM SPRINGS, Cal.. Jan. 18.-Jamc 3
Sinclair, a pioneer resident of Alameda
County, died at his residence here this
morning. The deceased was a native of
Scotland, a?ed 70 years. He came to Cali
fornia in 1852. For a number of years he
was engaged in boating between this place
and San Francisco.
Chico Yotem for a Sigh School.
CHICO, Cal., Jan. 18.— An election was
held to-day to give the people of Chico
school district a chance to vote on the
proposition of establishing a high school.
The result was: Total vote cast, 355: for
high school, 314; against, 37; majority
for, 318. The Chico people ar« highly
pleased with the result.
Carrie* Much Specie,
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 18.— The steamer
St. Paul, which sailed from Southampton
for New York to-day, took out £260,200 in
specie.
. SEW TO- DAY.
Crowded
Jammed
BSSXHEESIHBBBRBSnBBB
Saturday we could not wait on the people
who flocked to our store. Never saw such
throngs. Despite the many other sales in
town, the public appreciated the fact that
a sale of "dulliran's Shoes That Wear"
means unprecedented bargains.
The sale goes on ■ to-morrow, and we will
be prepared with extra clerks to wait on all
who come. Our stock MUST be sold— it
matters not at what price. .
SULLIVAN'S
18-20-22 FOURTH ST.
dT" Send for New 1896 Catalogue.
BRUSHES^S^J
«yer». , flaurmul* foundrte»T UuSSw^?!!!
haa««r«. printers, p*in:«r». shoe t*cu£L SSSZZ
M«a, ur-roo(«n, »an«», unan. «fci^^ »uw^WILLIAM MAKES
GOOD SPEECHES
Celebration in Germany of
the Founding of the
Empire.
TALKS ON THE THRONE.
Swears to Guard the Safety of
the Fatherland at Home
and Abroad.
OLD VETERANS IN THE PARADE.
At a Banquet in the Evening His
Majesty Makes a Second Patri
otic Speech.
BERLIN, Geemwy, Jan. 18.— The Em
peror's speech in the White Hall of me
S^chloss on the occasion of to-day's
■i of the founding <>f the German
admitted v; on aU to have
a carefully prepared statement and a
dignified and pacific document. B<
the members of the Bundesratti, most of
the members of the Reichstag were pres
ent with the exception of the Socialists
and Freisinnige. There were also {'resent
I<>4 members of the N<>r.h German Reich-
Btag of 1870 and ail of the high court and
Government officials.
The Emperor, in speaking from the
throne in the White Hail., expressed his
heartfelt thanks for t tie benefits the last
quarter of a century had conferred upon
the empire, recalled the memories of the
period wh» .>d into existence the
empire, and vowed to continue the work
which his eran'ifather had begun. His
illy mentioned the merits
Bismarck in connection with the
on of the empire. Germany, he
said, instead of being in danger from other
States, will continue in the future, as in
-: rong mllar of peace.
The only moment of demonstrative en
ien the Emperor, raising
mdard of the First Guards, said: "I
swear ■ Lfety of the empire at
L.vue and abroad upon the principle of
one empire, one people and one God."
Din - the Emperor pro
ceeded at the head of the color company
to the Lust^arten and took up a position
under a balcony, upon which were the Em
press Frederick and the young Princes.
The parade of the troops, which followed,
was very line and included a large number
rans. Toe entire celebration was a
repetition of the Sedan day fetes.
This evening a grand banquet was given
in the White Hall and the adjoau.ng
•■th rooris. Emperor William sat
on a dtas, wni.e opposite him Bat Chan
cellor Prince yon Hohenlohe. His Majesty
made a short speed;, in which he dwelt
the events that have led to the
foundation of the empire. The wonderful
development of the empire, he said, was
now respected, if not loved, by the council
of the nations. Such a commanding posi
tion had brought duties in addition to
-. If Germany desired to retain her
position in Europe siie must be armed so
as to be able to support her voice on sea
a? well a? on land. Jt was, therefore, im
perative that she should complete her
naval armaments and increase her fleet.
After the dinner the Emperor and Em
press mixed with the guests in the gal
leries. His Majesty ordered that each
should receive a fac-simile of his
grandfather's autograph telegram to Em
; Augusta announcing the fall of Sedan.
In the division in the Reichstag yester
day on the grain monopoly bill, intro
duced by Count yon Kanitz, the majority
■ ' • entr »ts, Kreisinnige and
Socialist* and most of the National Lib
erals. The strength of the majority against
the measure buries the Kanitz bill and any
similar scheme during the life of the
ag.
The meeting of the Colonial Society,
which was held here on Thursday, proved
to have been of the highest importance in
view of the attitude assumed by Germany
in regard to the Transvaal.
Juke Albert of Mecklenbnrg-Scnwerin
cd. Among those in attendance
were.'Prince Arenber^. an ardent Centrist,
ejc-Mi.-iisters yon Rittkamer and Hoffman
pnd a number of prominent members of
the Reichstag. Declarations that ques
tions affecting South Africa were of strong
practical interest to Germany, and that
the future of Booth Africa d< pended upon
■whether it should become the "United
S:a:esof Africa" mainly, or of German or
English composition, were loudly cheered.
Dr. Mereasky, who for many years has
been a missionary in the Transvaal, was
cheered to the echo when he said that
Germany was filled with joy at the victory
of the Boers, and that the people sup
ported the Emperor and the Government
in backing up the Transvaal republic. He
hoped for everything that was ben<
for German union in the Transvaa
upon that depended the solution of the
question whetner South Africa would take
a German character or whether it would
become another Yankee or English State.
H. G. Squires, second secretary of the
X'nited States embassy, gave an official
dinner on Thursday to Kmbassador Eton
yon and the staff of the embassy. United
States Consul-General de Kay and others.
Miss Lucy Campbell of Kentucky has
given a very successful concert in Beck
stein Hall, and was heartily cheered for
the excellence of her playing on the violin
cello.
The tour which Prince and Princess
Frederick Leopold are about to make will
cover Italy, Egypt, Zanzibar, the Cape
Colony, the Transvaal and theCameroons.
Official efforts to dissipate the rumors con
cerning the quarrel between the Emperor
and Prince Frederick Leopold have utterly
failed in the face of the undeniable fact
th it both the Prince and Princess were
placed in conlinement.
Charles de Kay, United States Consul-
Generai, is about to give a display of fenc
ing in the Equitable building here, when
he will challenge a French fencing-master
to face him.
CKLEBRATEJt IX WASHIXGTOS.
A Breakfast to Attaches at the German
Embassy.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 18.— The
twenty-fifth anniversary of the re-estab
lishment of the German empire was cele
brated at the German embassy with a
breakfast given this morning by the Era
bassador to the attaches of the embassy.
To-night the Embassador and First Sec- (
retary are in Baltimore as the guests of
German citizens of that place.
MILL V ALL EX COUXIKY CLVR.
Denial of the Humor That It la Finan
cially Embarrassed.
MILL VALLEY, Cm.., Jan. There
is absolutely no truth in the reports being
circulated to the effect that the Mill Val
ley Country Club is financially embar
rassed and that Secretary Janes has been
compelled to pay a number of the club's
bills out of bis own pocket. In fact, there
is a provision in the constitution and by
laws of the club which limits the amount
of liabilities to the assets. The club is
composed of Mill Valley's leading citizens,
and. it is not probable that they would al
low any honorable debts to remain un
paid.
Vice-President Arthur A. Martin was
seen by a Call representative, and said
positively that the club was not in debt.
The club, though not in debt, has very
little to its credit, as all funds available
have been used to improve the club
grounds— build a rifle-target butt and Run
bouse, lay out baseball and cricket fields
and build a concrete cricket-pitch. The
next season of the club will open in a
couple of months, when it is hoped, by
various means, to obtain money sufficient
to erect a good, substantial clubhouse.
Tim ash in a iKt:s.\o jieittt.
Hart Alford Roughly Handled While At
tempting an Arrest.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 18.— Deputy United
States Marshal Bart Alford, a local Demo
cratic politician and formerly a member of
Fresno's famous "triangle," hart the mis
fortune to be roughly handled in the City
bakery here to-night at the hands of Jake
Morse, the nicht cook.
Alford saw Morse and two acquaintances
enter the rear of the bakery from a dark
alley, and suspecting; foul nlay followed
the party inside, where he drew a revolver
and demanded their surrender. .Morse
made explanation which did not suit
Deputy Alford and he flashed his pistol at
them, bat he was caught and the weapon
wrested from him before it was discharged.
lit' v. as then knocked down by Morse, re
lieved of a second pistol and sent home in
charge of Policeman Russell.
SAN JOSE'S BOY THIEF
Stanley Beadle Pleads Guilty to
Stealing Diamond
Rings.
Jewelry Belonging to the Daughter of
His Landlady Found in a
Pawnshop.
PAN .TOPE. Cat.., Jan. 18.— Detective
Anderson to-day arrested Stanley Beadle,
an 18-year-old boy, on a charge of stealing
two diamond rin^s from Mrs Redmond oi
224 East Santa Clara stro;t.
Stanley was rooming at Mrs. Redmond's
house and her daughter had left the rings
in Stanley's room. He also entered ;m
adjoining room and stole several pieces of
silver jewelry. The goods were recovered
in a pawnshop, where Stanley had sold
them. Stanley claims that his home is in
Brooklyn, N. V.. where, he says, his father
i- a rope manufacturer. He lias been liere
several months and is suspected of several
other crimes of a similar nature.
V '.;iU' I>"ad!p pleaded guilty before Jus
a ■- tlii-s afternoon, and was sentenced
to tliirtN- days in the County Jail.
T)A.nAGKS run mus. J-OXES.
Her Suit Against the Stintn Clara 31 ill and
I.uuihrr Company firciUrit.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Jan. 18.— A remitittur
has been received from the Supreme Court
affirming the judgment re-ndered by a jury
in Judire Lorigan's court on April 19, 1894,
in which Samuel Jones and Elizabeth
Jones were given judgment against the
Santa Clara Valley Mill and Lumber Com
pany for $3625 damages un<\ $_':J7 20 costs.
The suit was brought to obtain $15,000
damages for injuries sustained by Mrs.
Jones in a railroad accident on North
Fourth street, near Santa Clara, in this
city, on May 23, 1893, and which, it was
charged, was caused by the defendant
company having lumber piled so near the
railroad track as to cause plaintiffs' busgy
in driving around the obstacle to collide
with a Southern Pacific train.
MJtS. .S/'f.'.VCf./C.S SUIT.
Serks a Divorce From the Convicted
Chinese Interpreter.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., Jan. 18.-Bella A.
Spencer to-day began suit for divorce from
Arthur Spencer, the Chinese interpreter
who is now serving a three years' sentence
in San Quentin for perjury. Spencer was
convicted of falsely swearing to claims be
fore the Heard of Supervisors for services
rendered as interpreter in the Justice
Courts. His peculations amounted to sev
eral hundred dollars.
The Spencers were married about five
years ago, and have two children.
Jyackfid Confidenoe in the Gue*t*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 18.— William
Howard, an aped resident of Milpitas, was
lodged in the County Jail this afternoon
to await an examination as to his sanity.
For the past few years Howard has been
working around the Milpitas Hotel, and of
latehehaa caused a great deal-of annoy
ance by keeping a close watch upon the
guests, whom he imagined were trying to
defraud the hotel.
John $. Carter Head.
BAN Josh, Cal., Jan. is.— John S.
Carter, a pioneer resident of this county,
ilied at his home in this city this morning.
He was a native of New Hampshire, and
67 years of age. He came to California in
1852. At one time he was a prominent
grain merchant of this city, and was Jocal
manager of the Home Mutual Insurance
Company.
ARIZONA lU.fi TV J>" TROUIiL.E.
■Accused of Having Unjustly Imprisoned
a HuKsinn Jidfjpictier.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 18.— W. Blank
ard, deputy United States Marshal of the
district of Arizona, is in trouble. In addi
tion to being a ragpicker and ironmonger
Benjamin Matches of this city is a Russian
subject, and he was arrested on November
5 by Deputy Slankard and charged, with
passing counterfeit money. . Notwith
standing his denials he was thrown in
prison for fifty-four hours, at the end of
which time a Justice's court found him
innocent.
As soon as he was released Matches
wrote a letter to the Russian representa
tive at Washington, stating the facts in the
case and charging Blanknrd with having
served a term in San Quentin for grand
larceny. The matter was referred to
Attorney-General Harmon, with the result
that an investigation was made and Mr.
Slankard may lose his position. Elated
with his success Matches will now claim
damages.
Wrecked on Trial Inlnnd.
VICTORIA. B. CL, Jan. 18.— Tbe little
steamer Falcon. which went ashore near
Trial Inland a week ago, was to-day aban
doned as a total wreck, this morning's
southeast gale destroying all hopes of sav
ing her.
Xo« Ontot Hoard of Trade.
LOS GATOS, Cal.. Jan. 18.— Aj; a meet
inc of tlie directors of the Board of Trade
yesterday afternoon R. B. Bell was elected
president and Charles W. Gertridge vice
president for the ensuing term.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
IN THE CAUSE
OF THE CUBANS.
Don M. Dickinson Delivers
a Stirring Address in
Detroit.
LIBERTY IS DEMANDED.
Natives of the Troubled Island
Making a Fight for
Freedom.
ENGLAND MAY TAKE A HAND.
Could Block Ports and Force Collection
of the Loans to the
Spanish.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. IP.— Hon. Don.
M. Dickinson delivered an address on
"Cuba" before the Detroit Manufacturers'
Club at the Chamber of Commerce Hall
to-night. The audience was a represent
ative gathering of business men of the
city.
Mr. Dickinson'? remarks were received
with wild enthusiasm. He said if there
ever was a cause that appeals to the heart
and soul of every liberty-loving man,
woman and child, that cause was Cuba's.
The time has come for every manufactur
ing concern to take up the Cuban question
and press it on Congress as a matter of
business. Complications may arise at any
time. England, believes that in Cuba is
her only security for the payment of Span
ish loans, and almost any day the English
Meet, in spite of the Monroe doctrine, may
take possession of every Cuban port and
force the collection of tiiis money.
Time has come for action, he declared,
and inaction is a crime against our own
people. He sketched the history of Cuba
and explained the causes which led to the
present revolution. Mr. Dickinson pointed
out the advantages, in a commercial way
which would accrue to the United States
if <'üba achieves her independence, and
•' Cuba is going to win," he declared.
We were not to be overawed by England's
mobilization of her fleet. Her action
might scare the German Emperor and the
ruler of the Transvaal, but if we had not
a ship or a coast defense she could not
scare us. England ban had her eye on
Cuba since 1840, and he believes that Lord
Salisbury had nothing else in view in the
Venezuelan boundary dispute than to es
tablisn the precedent that the Monroe doc
trine did not obtain, and thus get pos
session of Cuba.
i: solutions were adopted calling: for the
immediate attention and cons idenition on
the part or" Congress to the Cuban ques
tion, declaring that any delay on the part
of our Government in according belligerent
rights is a positive wrong morally and
legally and that it is the duty of the
United States Government to forestall the
action of any other commercial nation in
earning the obligation of the new republic.
CAX'T CROSS THE I>EAIH.IM:.
Attempt* of Gomez to He turn to the
J^antxrnrd.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 18.— It is reported
here that the forces under Gomez have
made a supreme effort to cross the dead
line near Batabano and are now near
Guara and Molena, as they find it very
dangerous to remain in Pinar del Rio, and
are trying to go back eastward.
The prospect of a lack of horses and am
munition scared them; besides, through
the capture of the important leader, Ceperi,
lieutenant to Rego, it has been learned
that Rego was wounded at Mai Ti-mpo
and that there is discord among the insur
gent leaders in Las Villas, and to this is
also attributed the determination of Max
imo Gomez to retreat eastward.
It is said that Gomez is very much dis
satisfied to find that the people in Pinar
del Rio have not aided him, and he finds
himself short of ammunition.
In Las Villas the leader, Koque Rodri
guez, has been killed.
He was Maximo Gomez' most trusted
guide and scout, and one of the most ter
rible of the incendiaries in that district.
The requisitio n of horses in Las Villas is
progressing favorably. Tke Government
has now aoout 2<K)O horses there.
From Spain ten squadrons of cavalry
are expected soon and also 25,000 more
troops during February.
General Marin officially received the of
ficers of the army, navy and prominent
citizens in ttte palace to-day. General
Campos was presejit most of the time. The
change caused less excitement than was
expected.
Merchants, planters, Spanish residents
and others loyal to Spain are satisfied that
effective measures will now be taken. The
Cuban sympathizers with the rebellion
fear the return of the bloody practices of
the last war. Folavieja, the new captain
general, has a record for severity and
Pandoa is similar. Mann is regarded as
human c.
The Ctibans regret the departure of
Campos. His campaign was most humane.
He would not confiscate property and
granted amnesty upon the surrender of
the rebels. He treated snspects leniently,
especially Americans. The retirement of
(Jampos is the result of agitation among
the merchants of the produce exchange.
The Cubans say the removal of Campos,
Spain's ablest general, is a great victory,
and will convince the world that a gen
uine revolution is in progress. They hope
it will aid in obtaining recognition for the
belligerents at Washington.
KEY WEST, Fla., Jan. 18.— Martinez
Campos leaves Havana to-morrow for
Spain.
S. Somillan and son, large tobacco export
ers, were arrested yesterday morning
while on board the steamer bound for New
York.
The Olivette was crowded with passen
gers to-night. The Morgan line boat is ex
pected in the morning with 300 residents
of Havana fleeing for safety.
TAI/KS TO CORKKSPOyiiESTS,
General Catnpoa Trlls of Hi* Work of
the l'aat and I'resent.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 13.— Retiring Cap
tain-General Campos received the corre
spondents of the American newspapers in
a body to-day. His manner was very un
assuming and cordial. The spokesman
for the newspaper correspondents said:
"We have called upon the eve of your
departure to extend our thanks for the
many courtesies shown us since your ar
rival in Cuba. We would be glad to re
ceive a statement concerning Spanish-
Cuban affairs for the people in America."
General Campos in reply said:
"Gentlemen, I am very glad to meet the
correspondents of the American news
papers. I can assure you that you have
nothing to thank me for. I have simply
done my duty. It has always been my
earnest desire to give you every facility
within my power. What has happened
here is not extraordinary.
"I refer to my retirement. I am a man
who, for many years has been very promi
nent in the affairs of my country, aim dur
ing my career as a public officer I have
naturally had occasion to make a few ene
mies, not willfully, but in the natural
course of events. That is the way with
political parties.
"They have tips and downs. During my
more fortunate days my countrymen
crowned me with many honors.
"Now that I have been less successful in
my efforts it is net unnatural that I
should suffer from the consequence of the
reaction.
"Against the present Government I have
not a word to say. In it i have warm
friends whom I love very dearly. lam
not a man of such strong longing to hold
oliice that I leave it with regret. I cer
tainly hope the man who comes after me
may be more fortunate than I.
"In Havana the public is seemingly not
united in my support. I refer to tne
people who are dome the talking. The
views of those who have maintained
silence I of course have no means of know
ing.
"In the last few days there have been
numerous meetings and consultations. I
laid the facts fully before the Government.
They have recalled me. I have known of
rumors of intended demonstrations in an
tagonism of my policy, but I am not the
man to stand such manifestations because
I would dissolve them with shell."
In reply to a question General Campos
said he would sail for Spain on Monday.
General Suarez Valdez has been ap
pointed temporarily second in command
of the Government forces.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 18. — General
Polavieja, who is mentioned as the prob
ble successor to General Campos, has ad
vised Premier Canovas to appoint General
Wcyler to tiie position of commander-in
chief of the Spanish forces in Cuba. Gen
eral Weyler wiil arrive in Madrid tc-mor
row, and after a consultation with Pre
mier Canovas the latter will announce his
final decision in the mutter.
EXPKMTIOX FOR CUBA.
JSew Torfc Guardsmen Said to lie Among
the Filibusters. ■
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 18.— A morn
ing paper say: Reports have been circu
lated for tne last few days that the Cubans
were organizing a filibustering expedition
in Brooklyn to consist partly of members
of the Twenty-third and the Forty-seven
regiments of the New York National
Guard.
Until yesterday these rumors were so
vague that little attention was paid to I
them, but it now appears that the Spanish j
authorities have not only been informed j
on the subject, but have taken action to
thwart the contemplated expedition.
Several men called daring the week at
Cuban headquarters and said they desired
to join the expedition, but recognizing
among them a detective employed by the
Spanifth Consul the applicants were told
that the Junta was not enlisting men and
that if an expedition was being organized
the promoters were acting on their own
responsibility.
While the foregoing facts were made
public yesterday, something occurred in
the private room of the Cuban Legation
that gives considerable color lo the reports
regarding a contemplated expedition. A
Cuban was seated in the room, who was
once a coadjutor of Marti, the father of the
revolution.
He became very indignant that any de
tails should have been given to the press,
and scored the press agent for doing so.
The headquarters of the Junta were
crowded all day yesterday with Cubans
who were excited over the report from
Washington that Secretary Olney was
soon going to submit a plan to Congress to
assist the Cubans in buying the island
from Spain, and failing in that, to practi
cally recognize them as belligerents.
IHSPATCHES IS CIGARS.
Jielurn of a Correspondent Who Wat Ar
rested at Havana.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 18.— C. A.
Solomon, the newspaper correspondent
who reached Havana on Sunday last on
the steamer Panama from this port, was a
passenger on the steamship Saratoga,
which arrived here to-day. The report
that Solomon took dispatches to the in
surgents in cigars could not be verified.
MAN HUNT IN MENDOCINO.
Pursuing Posses Have So Far
Been Eluded by the Calpella
Stage-Robber.
The Fugitive Steals a Horse and Gains
a Lead Over the Men on His
Trail.
URIAH, Cal., Jan. 18.— The pursuit of
the bandit who shot ex-Sheriff Standley
yesterday is still on. Several posses arc
on his track, and his capture is a matter
of a short time. In some manner he made
his escape from the brush patch in which
he was surrounded last night, the heavy
rain and darkness making this possible.
The fugitive was started from his hiding
place last night by two deputies, but pur
suit was impossible. This morning his
track was taken up a short distance north
of Ackerman CreeK and was followed for a
considerable distance southerly toward
this place. The barns on the "Price and
Keed ranches had been entered, but no
horses were found by the robber. A horse
was taken from a barn on Handy's ranch,
below town, and after it had been ridden
for some distance was turned loose. It is
supposed the horse had given out and
aftercutting the bridle-rein to prevent its
entanglement in the brush, the bandit
turned the animal loose. The footprints
in Handy's barnyard correspond to the
track of the fugitive, who in his search
for a horse lost several articles, which tend
to confirm th? suspicions of the officers.
Several posses are in Dursuit and armed
men are scouring the country in every di
rection. Detective Thacker left for" the
south to-day. As the storm has abated
the chase is taken up and with renewed
vigor.
"Doc" Standleyis resting easily to-night.
lindtj Found A'enr Stockton.
STOCKTON, Tat,., Jan. 18.— Two boys,
named Coleman, while hunting last
evening, found the body of a man
about three-quarters of a mile from
Taifon, in a lieid belonging to
11. 13. Thompson. From its appearance
the body had been there about two weeks.
The man did not appear to be of the
tramp order, as he was fairly well dressed
and was apparently about 60 years of a?e.
There were no marks or papers on the
corpse by which it could be identified.
CONNECTS UTAH
AND THE COAST.
Southern California and
Salt Lake Railroad
Assured.
ARTICLES ARE FILED.
Incorporation of the Company
With a Capital Stock of
$7,500,000.
COMPOSED OF MILLIONAIRES.
A Southern Pacific Official Is In
cluded in the Board of
Directors.
SAX DIEGO, Cai.., Jan. 19.— Word was
received to-day that the articles of incor
poration of the Southern California and
Salt Luke Railroad Company were tiled in
the County Clerk's oth'ce at Los Angeles
yesterday afternoon. The incorporators,
who are also named as directors for the
first year, are J. K. Clark ot Butte, Mont.;
J. M. Metcalf of Omaha, A. B. Hotchkiss
of Los Angeles and William H. Carlson
and D. C. Reed of Han Diego. The articles
state that the purpose of the company is
to build v standard-cauge railroad and
telegraph line from a point near Needles,
Cal., to Milford, Utah, a distance of 2<J5
miles, and to purchase any existing rail
road occupying a part of this route. The
capital stock of the company is fixed at
$7,500,000, of which $1,000,000 has been
subscribed by the incorporators. It is be
lieved that Mayor Carlson is trustee for
this company in the deed conveying the
Nevada Southern Railroad to him.
J. K. Clark is one of three wealthy
brothers of Butte whose mining interests
are extensive in Montana, Utah and Ari
zona.
William A. Clark, his brother, is reputed
to be worth $20,000,000, and spends most of
his time in Paris and London. He owns
the great United Verde copper mine at
Jerome, Ariz., to which he lately built a
railroad from a junction with the Santa
Fe, Prescott and Phoenix at a cost of over
$500,000. So enormous is the freight traffic
over this branch that the road will pay for
itself in a few years through the saving
over the old-ti*ne freighting by team.
S. M. Metcalf is the vice-president and
manager of the Lininger & Metcalf Co. of
Omaha. Its president, G. W. Lininger, is
many times a millionaire and has retired
from active business life, spending most of
his time traveling in Europe. His private
art gallery at Omaha is one of the finest in
the United States. He is interested in
railroads in the vicinity of Omaha, and
was in San Diceo last winter. While here
he looked somewhat into the railroad
situation and spoke of the fviture of this
city in the most enthusiastic terms.
Colonel A. B. Ilotchkiss of L,os Angeles
is the attorney of the Southern Pacific
Company at that city, and it is his con
nection with the new enterprise, as well as
that of Mayor Carlson of this city, that
lends color to the belief that the Southern
Pacific is behind the new corporation.
D. C. Reed is a well-known capitalist of
San Dieeo.
Mayor Carlson was interviewed by a
Call correspondent as soon as the news
became known in this city, but again he
was uncommunicative regarding the pro
ject, thoußh willing to talk on another
proposition upon which he has worked
with considerable energy.
"What does this new move mean?" he
was asked.
"It means just what the articles of in
corporation say," he responded; "to build
a railroad from Southern California to
Salt Lake, or, at least enough to close the
gap now between those points."
"What do you mean by Southern Cali
fornia—San Diego?"
"Well, the road will certainly not stop
out on the desert."
"Has the Southern Pacific anything to
do with it?"
"Now," said the Mayor, "I can't tell yon
any more. We have the Nevada Southern
already, and there are only 150 miles to
grade to connect Southern California with
Salt Lake City and save .500 miles over the
present route. Isn't that enough? What
difference does it make who builds it? We
are not asking the people for a cent."
"Has this anything to do with the San
Diego and Phoenix Railroad?"
'■No. It is an entirely independent and
separate combination. I am glad, you
spoke of the San Diego and Phoenix,
though, as there is now a chance to put
the road through if the people of San
Die<ro will take hold of it. I can state
flatfooted that if the people will put up a
guarantee of 4 per cent on $4, 000.000, the
cost of the road to Yuma, the road will be
commenced within sixty days and pushed
to completion as fast as men and money
can do it. To this we would want, of
course, free rights of way and terminal
facilities. lam authorized to say that the
$4,000,000 cash necessary to build this road
is ready just as soon as the people of San
Diego take hold of this thing and make
the guarantee, but the people have got to
move first."
"This is about the same offer as that
made by Mr. Huntington to San Diego
some years ago," observed the correspon
dent. "You are not making it for him
again are you?"
"I decline to say whom I am making it
for," replied Mr. Carlson. "I only say
that the cash is ready."
"They say that the Southern Pacific has
a bond on the Cuyamaca road running
out of San Diego, and can take that roaa
whenever it wants it. Would that be
used as a part of the road from San Diego
to Salt Lake?"
"Now," said the Mayor, "1 don't want
you to ask me any more about the Salt
Lake road. Matters are just forming now,
and there is nothing to mak-. public. "We
are going ahead to build that road, and
beyond that there is nothing to say."
"You do not deny that the Southern Pa
cific has a band on the Cuyaoiaca, do
you?"
"No."
A. MAX Of MTSTBKT.
San Diegana Believe the Bo.ialie Hay
Crvtoe 1* Captain Hall.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 18.— The ship
wrecked sailor who was rescued in a naked,
starving and half-crazed condition at Rosa
lie Bay, 300 miles south of this port, ar
rived on the schooner Ida to-day. He re
sembles Hall of Pasadena in every par
ticular, and despite his vigorous denials it
is believed here that he is Hall and has
attempted for some reason to hide his
identity. He refused at first to talk, but
afterward told a wild tale of the sea, de
scribing in detail how Captain Hall was
drowned, and giving his adventures at the
wr ck of the Claretta and his sufferings at
Kosalie. He gave the name of William
Harvey and said he was a relative of Cap
tain Hall.
The schooner had hardly come to anchor
before Harvey made his way up town and
disappeared. The mining men who puc
\ip money for the expedition on the Clar
etta are iooking for Hall, and this is sup
posed to be the reason for the secrecy and
mystery surrounding the case. The crew
of the Ida could not clear the mystery and
said the man stuck to his story. He was
half crazy when first found, but" his reason
returned after several days of care and
good food.
STAXFOIin'S KBIT HEI'ARTVRJE.
A Musical Training (lass to Be ln»H
tutnl nt I'afn Alto.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
18.— Professor H. Is. Lathrop and Mary
Roberts Smith have arranged with the au
thorities here and with Mr. Pasmore, the
well-known musical instructor and com
poser, for a department in musical train
ing at Stanford. Students will be given
credit for their work in music, which
credit will count toward graduation. The
work will consist of voice training, and a
small fee will be charged those who join
the classes.
Julius Frankenheimer, "96, and H. D.
Bnegs. '96, the gentlemen who managed
and edited the '96 Annual of last year, are
the recipients of deserved praise. " The re
ceipts from their Annual exceeded ex
penditure by $200. and, while the gentle
men were entitled to all the profits, tney
determined to turn this sum over to the
class. The seniors, not to be outdone In
magnanimity, agreed to turn the amount
over to the Hildebrand Library fund, and
this was done.
The affair is unusual all around; first,
in that any profit was made from the
Annual; second, that the managers were
so liberal, and third, that class spirit
should so generously give way to a uni
versity sentiment as to devote its entire
exchequer to a university enterprise.
PROTEST OF NEWCASTLE.
Passage of the Funding Bill
Would Be Disastrous to
the State.
Text of the Resolutions Unanimously
Adopted at the Citizens' Mass-
Meeting.
NEWCASTLE, Tat,., Jan. IS.— Secretary
E. Katzenstein, of the mass-meeting held
on Thursday to protest against the pas
sage by Congress of the funding bill, has
forwarded the resolutions that were
adopted. Against their passage there was
not a dissenting vote, and the fact that
such a large number of citizens responded
to the call for the meeting by the Mayors
of San Francisco, Oakland, Stockton and
Sacramento illustrates the feeling here as
regards the endeavor of the Huntington
company to evade a payment of its in
debtedness to the Government. A. J.
Shelltiammer, editor of the News, was
chairman of the gathering. The resolu
tions follow:
Whxbsab, It appears that the T'nion Pacific
and Central Pacific railroad companies are
making an attempt to pass a bill through tue
Congress ol the united states extending the
time for mying the debt, amounting to nearly
$80,000,000, now due, or about to be
come due from said railroad companies to
the United States; and whereas, we, the citi
zens of Newcastle, believe that the ultimate
effect of such extension would be to compel the
people of the Pacific Coast to pay such debt
and interest through increased rates on
freieht him fares, thus working a great hard
ship on the people of one portion of the coun
try: and whereas, judging by acts of said rail
road companies in the past, we have reason to
believe that although said railroad companies
would collecl such increased freights and
fares, we do not believe they would ever fully
pay such debt due the Government; therefore
be if
lic,<olre<l, That we, the people of Newcastle
in mass-meeting assembled, most sincerely
protest against any further extension of time
to said railroad companies, and ask that the
Government proceed at. once to collect such
debt by assuming all debts of said companies
tbat are secured by prior lien on the property
of said companies, and by taking immediate
possession of same and operating in the inter
ests of the Government.
H. F. Fountain was elected delegate to
represent the citizens of Newcastle at the
convention to be held at Metropolitan
Temple, San Francisco, January 18. The
people of this locality are very enthusi
astic on the subject and will make as hard
a tight as possible against the bill.
DURHAM FARMS FLOOOED.
Southern Pacific Force Saves a
Bridge at the Expense
of Crops.
Debris Dislodged by a Blast, Which
Turns a Volume of Water
Upon the Land.
CHICO, Cat,., Jan. 18.— Farmers in the
vicinity of Durham are enraged at the
action of a force of Southern Pacific em
ployos, which has resulted in incalculable
damage to their growing crops. By a blast
in Butte Creek, to remove debris lodged
against a bridge, an overflow of the levees
was caused, and the fields on a number of
ranches were inundated. In addition to
the probable destruction of crops, build
ings and fences suffered by. the Hood.
The people of Durham were awakened
Thursday night by a series of loud reports,
as though cannon.-ding was in process.
The reports were heard in Chico, and even
at this distance a trembling of the earth
could be distinctly felt. Window-panes
rattled, and the disturbed sleepers thought
tney had been aroused by an earthquake.
It appears that the piers "under the rail
road bridge over Butte Creek are too close
together and will not aliovr of the free
passage of debris carried down by the high
waters. As a consequence, a large lot of
logs and drift gathered under the bridge,
and it is supposed that after the rain last
uight the railroad force which has been
putting in new piles went to the bridge
and with blasts dislodged the debris.
Butte Creek beint; up to the banks, the
immense volume of water and debris
rushed down the creek, breaking over the
levee and inundating the sown lands of
the farmers. There was no livestock at
the time on the lands; if there had been
they would all have been swept down the
creek.
The farmers are all angered at the rail
road company for saving its bridge at the
expense of considerable of their property.
The ioss on the Pratt, the Michels and the
Rice ranches will be quite large— to what
extent it is not known at the present writ
ing.
Fatality at Samoa.
EUREKA, C.vl., Jan. 18.— John Bro,
employed In the Vance miil at Samoa
was killed Wednesday morning. Bro was
employed as a helper on the splitter, and
while a large log was being rolled onto
the carriage he reached under the lor for a
cant-hook. While down on his knees the
log roiled over, crushing hia head.
WAR AMONG SAN
JOSE DEMOCRATS
Chairman Gould's Course
Causes a Row in
Camp.
PATRONAGE AT AGNEWS.
Resignations at the Asylum Said
to Have Been Secured by
Duplicity.
PROVIDING FOR A BROTHER,
Stories That Conflict With That Told
by the Stockton Man in an
Interview.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 18.— Tho publica
tion in the Kxaminer of the 17th inst. of a
report from Stockton giving an interview
with Frank Gould, chairman of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee, concern
ing the reported appointment of hi 3
brother to an office at Agnews Asylum
Gould being a director of the institution,
has occasioned no little cnticism in San
Jose and gives promise of a row in the
Democratic camp. In an interview, Gould
is reported to have said :
My brother has not been appointed to a
position at Agnews, though he is an applicant
for a place of some kind. There will be no
vacancies at the asylum until the first of next
month, when two resignations will take effect,
that of the matron and that, of the medical
director's secretary. Tho appointment in the
latter case lies with the medical director or
superintendent of tne institution, and I would
not presume to dictate in the least as to hia
personal appointments, ami such I concede
the appointment of his secretary must be con
sidered.
Gould's statement does not accord with
the story of the affair as told in San Jose.
This story is that the resignation of the
Medical Director's secretary was requested
by the board at the last meeting, and was
at h'rst refused. Gould then went to the
secretary and promised if he •would resign
to see that he was appointed to another
office in the asylum. Under this combina
tion of pressure and proniiss the secretary
resigned, and probably similar tactics were
employed in obtaining the resignation of
the matron.
The resignations were accented by the
board, and it was decided to leave it to
Dr. Hatch to till the vacancies. This plan
to shift the responsibility of the appoint
ments was cleverly devised, but Gould
spoiled it so far as he was concerned be
fore leaving the asylum by going to Dr.
Hatcn, Medical Director, and giving him
instructions to notify Gould's brother to
report at the asylum at an early date, so
that the present secretary could instruct
him in the duties of the oth'ce.
Under the circumstances Gould's state
ment, ''I would not presume to dictate
in the least as to his (the Medical Direct
or's) personal appointments," is peculiar.
The case is all the more interesting as the
secretary whose oflicial head has been thus
summarily chopped off to make a place
for Gould's brother is not only a thoroughly
competent man, but is a life-long Demo
crat, so that Gould cannot even claim that
in removing him he was fulfilling his
pledge to the party.
As the matter stands, Gould has the in
side, but the dismissed official has a host
of friends among local Democrats, in the
order of Native Sons and among business
men generally, and as a result there are
signs and symptoms of war in the Demo
cratic camp.
SJSOWJiOUSJt IS ALASKA..
Frara for the Safety of a Trio of Mail-
Carrier*.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 18.— Late Alaska
papers express grave apprehensions for the
safety of Yukon mail-carriers Jackson,
Healey and Gasch. It is feared that
Healey and Gasch have become impris
oned by snow in Chilcat Pass. If they
should be hemmed in for a fortnight it
would no doubt work great hardship and
suffering, not only upon the men, but
their dogs, which are used in carrying the
mails, as the supply of provisions would
probably give out before that time. Only
under the most favorable conditions has
the trip through Chilcat Pass been at
tempted in winter in the past.
MEW TO-PAT.
a. A card on th*
Bra ■*-^ outside of of-
vC\£jF ___-rQ nee door says
/^vF~**"2'^J37^'Gone to lunch,.
/ -*v/sX) '/, fi Be back in tea
/ £\^Sjim£Jh minutes." And,
/ t^ le man Vr^} 9
I Simlllffllnrr*'* there on time.
VJjßtmM] That is, for some
U! iMHK J days, weeks or even months,
111 JBvn c w^* Then he will be
Wld^Sj/fl at nome occasionally for a
I|IJHHT ' day. He'll tell you'he had
/v^" a headache — a turn of chol-
era morbus, or maybe he'll
say he had a lump in his stomach and 1
felt too miserable to move. The lump
was probably two or three ten-minute
lunches condensed. They were hurried
in, but they were taking their own tim«;
about getting out, or even " moving on.'*
This is a great mistake, but as long as
there's life there's a chance to rectify
mistakes.
The man who "bolts " his lunches wilt !
find Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets th«.
best friend he ever met. The " Pellets '•'
may not hurry as much as the man does,',
but they will do the work for which :
they are intended — — promptly—'
effectually.
There is no case of biliousness, con-
stipation, indigestion, "heart-burn," or;
any of the rest of the night-mare breed-
ing brood, that these little " Pellets " will'
not cure.
They are not disagreeable to take,!
neither are the effects disagreeable. They
are gentle laxatives. They cure perrna-,
ncnily. There's no danger of forming a)
"Pellet habit." Therefore, you dou'tf
become a slave to their use.
Send 21 one-cent stamps to cover co3t of ;
mailing only, and receive absolutely gratis^ '.
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-;
viser, and find out how to keep yourself]
and family healthy. The book contain* j
1008 pages, over 300 illustrations and over;
680,000 copies have been sold at $i.£o each.
The new edition of 500,000 copies 13 to be^
given away absolutely free. It is a veri- !
table medical library, complete in one .
volume. Address, with stamps, World's :
Dispensary Medical Association, No. 66j
|lain. Street &ulfeio i .N,.X, j£
34
SANTA ROSA'S
WATER FIGHT
Struggle Over a Contract
Continues in the
Courts.
DEPOSITION OF EFFEY.
Ke Answers the Complaint of
Wesley Mock Against
the City.
COLLUSION OF BIDDERS DENIED.
Despite the Litigation the Water
Works System Has Now
Been Completed.
SANTA KOSA, Cal.. Jan. 13.— Somewhat
of a sensation was created here last night by
the publication in an evening paper of
what purported to be the deposition of
Robert Effey, in the case of "VVe sley Mock
vs. The City of Santa Rosa. A large roil
of papers, said to be the deposition of
Effey, was received by the County Clerk
here recently, but as it was tightly sealed,
and could be opened only by an order of
where court, many people are wondering
the information as to the contents of the
documents was obtained.
It will be remembered that there were
three separate efforts made to issue bonds
for the construction of a municipal water
system, the original issue being repealed
by the City Council and the Supreme
Court declaring the second issue void. It
•was not generally known here that a third
Issue of bonds had been made until some
time in October last, when the people of
Santa Boss were surprised to learn that
bonds for $165,000 had been 6old and the
contract for the construction of the water
works let for $161,000. This report was
quickly conh'rnied by active work upon the
principal streets being commenced.
Shortly after work had been begun
it became generally known that Robert
Effey, Mayor of Santa Cruz, was the pur
chaser of Hie bonds for $170,500; also that
Mr. Effey was the lowest bidder for the
construction of the water system, but that
he had assigned the contract to Paul B.
Perkins.
On October IG, 1895, suit against the city
was commenced by Wesley Mock, praying
for a decree declaring the contract with
Effey void, asicing that the bonds be re
called from New York and for a final
injunction enjoining the city from letting
any contract until the bonds were regu
larly sold and the money paid into the
treasury. The complaint, which was a
voluminous one, set forth among other
■ that the bidding had not been com
petitive; that the bids of Garratt «fc Co. of
$164,500 and that of Effey for §101,000 were
the only bids received, and that they were
collusive; that the bids were in the same
handwriting; that A. L. Fish stood ready
and willing to bid as soon as the
money was in the treasury, and
that Fish was willing to construct
the work for $130,000, and to execute and
oVeliver to the city a good and sufficient
bond for $100,000; that Effey had given no
bond; that the warrant for $IGI,OOO was
delivered to Effey without any claim and
demand being presented to the city; that
the Mayor and Council had agreed that no
bids but Effey's should be received, and
that they had agreed to sell and deliver
the bonds to Effey before they were in ex
istence.
To all of this the city by its attorney, W.
F. Cowen, and Thomas Rutledge, special
counsel, interposed a variety of dilatory
pleas. Legal skirmis a was finally ended,
however, by a stipulation of all the parties
to have the case tried "to its final deter
mination" bofore Judge Daingerfiela of
San Francisco.
Meanwhile the defendant's attorneys
interposed a sweeping demurrer, declaring
that the complainant did not state facts
sufficient to constitute a cause of action ;
that there was a misjoinder of defendants;
that there was a non-joinder of defendants
In leaving out theSeligmansof New York;
that the several causes had been improperly
united, and the complaint was uncertain
and ambiguous, etc.
After lengthy arguments upon both sides
the matter was submitted to Judge Dain
gerneld, who soon thereafter rendered the
now celebrated opinion which has caused
po many conflicting reports in the papers
and occasioned so much discussion among
lawyers.
A careful reading of the opinion shows
that Judge Dangerfield held thatthere was
no misjoinder or non-joinder of defend
ants. The fact that there was no money
in the treasury was not a jurisdictional
defect.
'•It is a proper exercise of legislative dis
cretion to arrange with the contractor to
take bonds in payment or part payment,"
the opinion declared. Continuing it gaid:
"Whether the Common Council can now
make changes in tliese plans, and adver
tise for bids upon the changed basis, can
not be determined at present. But it is
now determined that the accepted bid and
all proceedings upon it are void for the
reasons heretofore given, in the main, by
this court upon the demurrer iv the Jones
case."
The opinion stated that the allegations
of the complaint were to be taken for this
purpose to be true, finally ending by sus
taining the demurrer and giving plaintiff
ten days to amend.
The deposition of .Mr. Effey, as pub
lished, admits many of the allegations of
the complaint, but denies any collusion
between himself and Garratt '& Co. He
admits getting possession' of tlie warrant
through his agent, Mr. Goodwin of San
Francisco, and of receiving a telegraphic
credit of $165,000 from the Keligmans of
New York. The consideration paid by
Paul B. Perkins Mr. Effey states to be $1
ami other considerations. "When pressed
as to what the other considerations were
Mr. Effey said: " '
"I can say, but don't want to. I rrfuse
point blank. '
In the meantime, aa the contract has
been completed, accepted by the City and
paid for, people here are wondering what
it i- all about.
Memorial to Cortgrenn.
SANTA ROSA, C.v,., Jan. 18.— The Su
pervisors of Sonoma County adopted a
resolution to-day asking Senators and
Representatives to use all honorable means
to secure the passage of the four bills in
troduced at the present session of Congress
at the request of the California Miners'
Association. A copy of the resolution will
be forwarded to each <>f the Senators and
Representatives in Congress from Cali
fornia.
Accidentally Shot.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 18.— Alfred
Isle, aged 13, was seriously wounded this
afternoon by the accidental discharge of a
rifle in the hands of a younger brother.
The bullet/which is of 22-caliber, lodged
in the boy's right lung, and the wound
will probably prove fatal. The younger
brother says he "didn't linow it was
loaded." .__ ___
S Ol'lUM SXVGGLERB CAUGHT.
Prominent Sorifty People Must Antwer
to the Oovcrmiieitt.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 18.— Chinese In
spector B. F. Josey of Taooma this after
noon arrested Mrs. May Belden, a woman
24 years of age, in a lodging-house on
Fourth and Morrison streets for smuggling
opium. A few minutes later he appra
hended her confederate, P. P. Candle of
Tacoma. Josey came from the Sound on
the train they rode on yesterday, and his
suspicion that they were handling contra
band opium was aroused by their conduct.
In die trunks in their ruora here Josey
found seventy-live cans of unstampea
opium, which'had been smuggled acros3
the border from Victoria.
Candle is quite prominent in Seattle
business and social circles, having, until
recently, been a member of the Hippert it
Xcrdan Hardware Company. He was
very anxious to have his name suppressed
in connection with the affair, although he
has made a confession of his complicity in
the smuggling scheme.
Mr?. Belden is a divorced woman, whose
former name was Dyer, and under which
she, up to within a year or two ago, was a
conspicuous figure in Tacoma's swell soci
ety. Both are in jail to-night in default
of bonds.
FELL IX WITH IiVXKO 3IEN.
An Alaskan Miner. Jiobbed by a Pair
Jolly Acquaintances!
PORTLAND, 0p.., Jan. IS.-Theodore
Shade, an Alaskan miner and a guest at
the Grand Central Hotel, was held up and
robbed last night by two men whom he
supposed to be friends. They are Howard
Shock and Edward Bradbury, who were
arrested to-day by Police Captain Cox and
Patrolman Endicott and Kerrigan.
Shade has been here a few days only,
and soon after bis arrival he fell in with
Bradbury and Shock. They intimated to
Shade that they were men of means with
a notion of investing in Alaska mines. In
the course of their brief companionship
Shade' confided to Bradbury and Shock
that he brought down between $500 and
$600.
Last night the trio visited several resorts
in the North End and drank freely, after
which Shock separated from his com
panions. Shade was induced to cross the
steel bridge, where they were suddenly
confronted by Shock, who thrust a pistol
against Shade's face and told Bradbury to
go through his pockets.- The robbers se
cured only $12, as Shade had left the bulk
of his fortune in the hotel safe.
TRICKED HER ATTORSEIS.
Mr*. Lacy Accused of Settling a Cage
Out v}' Court.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 18.— An interest
ing sequel to a celebrated gambling case in
the State Circuit Court, which was dis
missed some lime ago, comes in the na
ture of a suit against Mrs. Mary E. Lacy,
the plaintiff in that case, brought against
her by her attorneys, Watson, Beekman &
Watson, who claim to have been beaten
out of their rightful fee by Mrs. Lacy' 8
diplomacy. The attorneys want $.v
fur their services.
Mrs. Lacy instituted suit against Fuhr, |
Gratton & Smith to collect $5538 94, which I
she claimed her husband had lost at faro i
within two years*. Twice the case came up !
for trial and was continued. Finally Mrs.
Lacy peremptorially ordered a dismissal. :
Therefore the attorneys set up the claim :
that Mrs. Lacy entered into a secret agree
meat with the defendant, Gratton and '
others, by which she received $4<JOO for ad-
Justing the case without bringing it to |
trial. As Mrs. Lacy did not divide with
her attorneys they "think they have been 1
grossly mistreated.
VMM E Bit A XIV S BOOM.
Capital Is Attracted by the Oil Fields 9
Industry.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. IS.— The
first rumble of approaching activity in real
estate is heard in the establishment of a
branch office on State street by Eaaton &
Eldridge of Ran Francisco. Althougn the
firm will make a specialty of Sumrcerland
real estate and oil properties, it will also
handle real estate generally.
N» Bignal discoveries have been made in
Summerland during the past couple of
weeks, but new wells are constantly being
developed, and those already sunk are
steadily yielding their output.
A notable fact in connection with the
Summerland outlook is the remarkable
number of redemptions from tax liens on
lots in the little village which have been
recorded during the last few weeks. Evi
dently some iudividual or firm is making a
business of looking up tax titles in the dis
trict and quietly securing all the land pos
sible. Many who invested in Summerland
property years ago had moved away, and
being unable to dispose of their property
allowed their land to be sold for |taxes*.
Now these lots, formerly vainly hunting
purchasers at from $25 to $40, are exactly
bonght at ten and twenty times this price.
JPIRE , NJEAJt GOZETjL.
Sixteen Horse* Cremated by the Burning
of a iJen Itaneh Barn.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 18.— A
large barn leased by Charles Smith near
Goleta and situated on the Den estate was
burned to the ground during the heavy
rain last night, with all its contents, in
cluding lifteen horses, eighty tons of hay,
wagons ana a valuable stallion. The ex
act amout of the lose cannot be ascer
tained. The cause of the fire is unknown,
but it is believed to have been spontaneous
combustion, caused by the leakage through
the roof. The building and contents were
uninsured.
Want TsOteer Water Rates.
NEWCASTLE, CAL.,.Jan. 18.— The com
mittee meeting of fruit-growers in refer
ence to high water rates was held here to
day. Steps were taken to commence
proceedings against the South Yuba Water
Company to reduce the rates, now 30 cents
an inch, to 20 cents. A sufficient amount
is pledged to make a hard fight. Seven
years ago the rate was 12>< cents, and
later 25 cents.
• »
A.iburn'a liinmond Thief Captured.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 18. -A few days
ago the Sheriff of Placer County, Cal., ad
vised the Chief of Police here that Frank
Kern, alias Frank Austin, had stolen $1000
worth of diamonds and jewelry from a
residence in Auburn. Through the in
strumentality of Portland officers Austin
has just been placed under arrest at
Seattle, and will be- taken back to
California.
— •■ -■ ■
Brown Surrounded Near Wilbur.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 18.-A dispatch
from Roseburg says that a posse of Sher
ift'B deputies have surrounded Samuel G.
Brown, the murderer of Alfred Kincaid at
Oakland, Douglas County, at a point on
the North Uinpqua River near Wilbur.
Brown escaped from the Roseburg jail
with the aid of friends on Decemcer 30,
and is supposed to be heavily armed.
A. Blaze Sear Visalia.
VISALIA, Cal., Jan. 18.— The residence
of George Francis, eighteen miles north
east of Viaalia. was destroyed by fire yes
s%oo y ' The is ?700 ° and * insurance
Seattle I'opulists dominate.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. IS.— The Popu
lists placed v. full municipal ticket in the
held to-night, nominating Dr. Eugene
Jordan for Mayor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 18H6.
ESCAPE FROM A
PORTLAND JAIL
Three Notorious Burglars
Desert Their Prison
Cells.
AIDED BY CONFEDERATES
•
Supposed to Have Received a
Key From Persons on
the Outside.
THEIR ABSENCE NOT NOTICED.
Jailer Chamberlain Unaware of His
Guests' Departure Until Break
fast Time.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 18.— Three bad
men — Con Kelliher, Mike O'Brien and
Sands — managed to make their escape
from the County Jail in a most mysterious
manner, some time between 7 o'clock last
evening and 8:15 this morning. Kelliher
and Sands were locked up in the north
corridor and O'Brien in a steel cell adjoin
ing. An inexplicable phase of the escape
is that when Jailer Chamberlain unlocked
the corridors this morning the locks were
in good condition, and in fact there was
no evidence that they had in anyway been
tampered with. The absence of the three
thugs became known only when breakfast
was being served.
Kelliher has had many visitors of his
own class, and especially since his recent
conviction of burglary, and it is believed
that one of his friends pas.«ed in a key,
with which the escape was effected. A
strange blantet was fourd in the dungeon,
which in a measure confirms the state
ment made by a prisoner that late last
night he heard some one walking about in
the outer corridor. The footsteps he heard
might have been those of the escapes,
emerging from the dungeon in which they
had been hiding.
Con Keiliher is one of the most daring
criminals on the coast, who would not stop
at the taking of life in the pursuit of his
"profession." About a month ago he was
arrested for lootine the store of Weigel &
Co. at Vancouver, "Wash., and another at
Oregon City. Besides these there are two
other charges of larceny in dwellings
pending against him. On Thursday he
was convicted in Judge Stephen's court of
the robbery of the lied Front trading
store at Oregon City, for which he was sen
tenced to ten years' imprisonment. The
other indictments against him were held
in abeyance until the prisoner has served
the ten-year term.
Mike O'Brien is a brutal wretch, who
was serving a year for larceny. Shortly
before he was sent up this time he had
completed a year's sentence for a murder
ous and unprovoked assault upon a wood
sawyer. Frank Rands is a dangerous
Port land crook and was in for larceny.
RELI6IOUS THOUGHT AND PROGRESS
An Epitome of Sermons of the Week
Throughout the Land.
Following is a summary of the principal
seimons recently delivered in the United
States and Canada by the leading clergy- I
men, priests, prelates, .religious teachers
and professors of the Christian faith. In
i every instance the full text has been care- j
; fully read and abbreviated.
NEWSPAPERS.
The daily newspaper is a brief daily encyclo
pedia, and, ii wisely used, it is an education in
i itself.— Rev. W. Hayes Moore, Doylestown, Pa.
THE MONROE DOCTRINE.
I am glad the American people with one
voice have said land-grabbing on the Amen-
I can Continent by European powers must cease
— Rev. Dr. Barrows, Presbyterian, Chicago, 111.
INFLUENCE. .
Our influence is immortal. It is the Im
! mortal part of us. Our deeds, our thoughts
j live on forever and forever. Each propagates
after its own kind.— Rev. Carlos Martyn, Chi
cago, 111. .*'
THE TURKS.
If we have any surplus guns or ammunition i
let us send them to the Armenians. If we
must fight, let us fight the unspeakable Turk
— Key. D. N. Griffin, Methodist, New Haven'
Conn. ,■•-,'■•*. '
MARRIAGE.
The husband, when he marries below his
social level, elevates his wife. When the
woman marries below her level she descends
to her husband's plane.— Rev. 11. C. Peters
New York City. '
GENTLEMEN.
All gentlemen are not Christians, but all
true Christians are gentlemen. The most re
fining, culturing and purifying influence on
earth i is- the gospel of Jesus Christ. —Rev
Fran k'De Witt Talmage, Presbyterian, Pitts
burg, Pa. . ,
WISE.
If wine is made it will be' drunk; if it Is
drunk the drinker will become drunken ; wine
drinking leads to brandy drinking; the end is
a chamber of horrors.— C. E. Smith, Fre
donia, N. Y.
' . THE DEVIL'S POWER.
God sometimes restrains tho power of the
devil. There is a limit when his hellish pur
poses are checked.' The devil is very powerful
put he is not almighty.-Rev. E. C. Yerkes'
Methodist, Philadelphia, Pa. •■ !*""•'
ARBITRATION.
I look forward to - the . epoch when a court
recognized by all nations will settle interna
tional difficulties, instead of keeping large
standing armies, as they do in Europe —Rev
G. A. Carstensen, Episcopalian, Indianapolis"
Ind. ; . . ■ 
CHRISTIANITY.
Christianity is a regulative power. It gives
the eye a glow, the hand and voice heartiness
and makes everything harmonious. It con
stantly throws out it« life and radiates its
glory.— Rev. G. Monroe Royce, New York City.
MANHOOD.
True Christian manhood consists as much in
living a good life outside th» pale of the
church, at home, and in the world, as It does
In being good at prayer meeting* and other
church assemblages.— Rev. John Evans, Bap
tist, Westerly. . > *
POLITICS AND BUSINESS.
■ The best men, the purest and strongest.ought
to be in politics, but not to make of it a busi
ness. The path of politics as a business 19 the
most dangerous which one can walk.— Rev
J. E. Smith, Methodist. Camden, N. J.
■ DOGS.
Heredity and environment play upon human
nature, on character. I had a 'Scotch terrier
I brought from Texas. He was a ratter from
Kattersville. I got a poodle aud he became
Just as good a ratter by association.— Rev. Sam
Jones, at Augusta, Me.
LEGAL MURDER.
War is legalized murder. No argument, how
ever finely spun, can change that dictum.
War is a school for thieves, robbers and mur
derers. It teaches men the art of strategy,
lying, theft and killing, It hardens human na
ture.—Dr. Joseph Eilverman, Hebrew, New
York City.
UNITARIANISM.
Unitarianism means that there is a band of
men and women who dare to think. It means
the deepening, the heightening of the con
science, the declaration of human, right, the
assertion that what is good down here is good
up there.— Minot J. Savage, Providence,
LOVE OP MONEY.
Some people so cling to their pelf and tinsel
that they starve their own souls. They will
not even attend a church because they might
ne asked to contribute money for its support,
rhey rather deprive themselves of the bread of
« ce T ° ecause it costs them something.— Rev. D.
M. Benham, Pittsburg, Pa
WAR TALK.
The talk of war between two great Christian
nations when Armenians are being massacred
daily by the Turks is shameful. America and
England should be working together to put
the Turk out of Armenia; instead of that these
two great nations threaten one another, and
by so doing make further massacre in the
East probable.— Rev. Jeremiah Zimmerman,
Syracuse, N\ Y.
THE ARMENIANS.
The Sultan of Turkey has out-heroded Herod
by the slaughter orMhousands upon thousands
of innocent Armenians. Let us pray, almighty
God, not only in our public worship, but also
in our private devotions, that he will arouse
the Christian nations of Europe to rescue the
Armenians from further desolation and de
struction.—Rev. John E. Adams, Presbyterian,
Brooklyn, N. Y.
PERSONAL RELIGION.
Christianity is not an abstract philosophy or
a system of ethics merely, but it is beiore all
and above all a personal religion. The claim
which Jesus Christ makes upon every man and
woman in the world is one which if yielded to
must in the very nature of things change and
transform the entire life.— Dr. Lewis Banks,
Methodist, Brooklyn, N V
THE CHURCH.
While the church must be in the world the
world must not be permitted in the church.
Ihe church is like a river; insist that it be
kept pure. The church is like a temple; keep
it from decay. The church is like an army ; it
must be true to its spirit and mission and be
loyal to its commander.— Rev. T. K. Busneld
Baptist, L'tica, N. Y.
THE STANDARD OF PURITY.
The standard of purity has been steadily
raised and it is steadily rising. Neither Swift
nor Sterne would be tolerated to-day in any
Christian pulpit. The tone of the English
literature has been greatly elevated since that
time and, moreover, it is cause for gratitude
that pure and healthy literature is nowadays
quite as cheap as that which is filthy and de
grading.—Rev. James McLeod, Presbyterian
Scranton, I'a.
WAR.
War means a picture too horrible to contem
plate; it means sacred relationships broken;
it means homes shattered; it means universal
sorrow und mourning; it means prosperous
cuies erased from the map of ourcountry it
means great fortunes lost; it means an inher
itance ot poverty to our descendants. War is a
relic of barbarism, a brutal device of savagery
It has no place in Christian civilization to-day
—Archdeacon K. 8. Kousmanierc, Episcopalian,
New Bedford, Mass.
POLITENESS.
Politeness costs little, but it pays well.
Courtesy in the home is like morning sunshine
pouring in at every window. An employer can
well afford to be polite to an employe, for it
makes the workingman do better wort and
binds together the two classes in a beautiful
fellowship. In the effort to settle the differ
ences between capital and labor, if we could
bring into the controversy more courtesy and
Jess bitterness of speech it would help amaz
ingly in solving the question.— Rev. John L.
Jacobs, Baptist, Grand Rapids, Mich.
PEACE.
Would it not be better for the salvation of
man— far better for the conquest of religion—
instead of sending missionaries into the jar
Last, into the jungle of Africa, into the Dark
Continent, spending millions of dollars, sacri
ficing precious lives to teach the semi-savage
ana barbarians the lessons of Christian love—
I say, would it not be better to send these very
missionaries to the conflicting and hostile
civilized Christian netlons of Europe, demand
ing of them compliance with the injunction of
that great Jew, Jesus, the founder of Christi
anity,'-Love ye one another."— Rabbi Eistu
ber, Hebrew, Peoria, 111.
LOST TIME.
In view of the brevity of time and its rapid
flight, the utmost wire should be taken iv the
use of time lest any of it should be wasted.
The wind that blows by us may return esain
on its backward sweep; the stream that flow?
by us may descend again upon the enrth and
resume its channel; the sun that shines in
heaven to-day may chine attain, but wasted
time is lost forever. Wasted health may be
restored; lost reputation may be regained;
squandered wealth may be recovered, but lost
time is forever lost and" not a single hour run
be recovered.— Rev. G. B. Strickler, I'resbyte
riau, Atlanta, Ga.
ATHLETICS.
In the Christianity of to-morrow men would
learn of the sacredn'ess of the body. Athletics
to-day percolate imo all kinds of society. Men
thunder against women riding the bicycle, but
the thundering does not decrease the'number
of women astride the wheel. God is behind
this general craze for outdoor sports. Men
now need health, and God will give it to them,
just as he gave the world steam aud electricity
after many years: it was at a time when most
needed. Out of this improvement iv Jiealth is
to cone a race of strong lmen and women, who
will be the greatest toilers ever known in the
kingdom of God.— Key. J. K. Kmiih, Methodist,
Trenton, N. J.
THE UNPARDONABLE SIN.
The unpardonable sin is the act of one who is
highly enlightened and at the same time very
malicious against (iod. Light respecting spir
itual things and malice against the person,
work or oflices of the Holy Ghost are the essen
tials In many ways man may commit such a
sin, and he who would not sin beyond forgive
ness must take heed how he trifles with holy
things. To continue to say "Xo" to the offer of
mercy is one way to commit the sin. A willful
and continued rejection of evidence is one
way. Any one who can deliberately reject the
offer of Christ's mercy can commit the unpar
donable sin and be left alone by the Holy
Spirit to perish.— Key. I). A. Cunningham,
Wheeling, \V. Va.
ENGLAND AND AMERICA.
Have you thought for a moment what a war
between England and America would mean?
It would be a war between the two greatest
Christian nations of the earth. It would mean
vastly more than what is Involved in the
boundary dispute between England and Vene
zuela. It would be a calamity from which the
cause of Christianity would not recover tor
centuries. It would result in the fatal dis
turbance of those social, commercial and
spiritual relations which year by year have
been drawing England and America closer
together. It would tend to unsettle the faith
that has become bo firmly fixed, the belief that
after nineteen centuries of the reign of the
prince of peace war between Christian nations
had become impossible.— Rev. Dr. Cornell,
Episcopalian, Sioux City, lowc
JONAH AND THE WHALE.
The story of Jonah and the whale, interpreted
by liberalists, has been a most prolific cau*c of
6itepticism. More ridicule hag been aimed at
the Bible because of this than any other one
thing.
The religious world has been more disaV
trously afflicted over the attempt to swallow
the whale than the whale was with Jonah, and
a great deal of faith has been thrown out in the
attempt to dispose of Jonah. As long as Tn.l
-mages defend the story as literally true Intrer
solls will ridicule it as absurdly false. As long
as one insists on having Jonah swallowed the
other will enjoy drawing word pictures of
Jonah "dodging rapidly around to escape the
gastric juice," or "sitting on a posterior molar,
wiping the sweat from his forehead and
anxiously looking out for signs of land."— Rev.
L. H. Squires, Universalist, Brooklyn, X. Y.
Tracing Gladstone's Phrases.
A rather futile correspondence is being
carried on as to Mr. Gladstone's merits as
a phrase-maker. Probably the question is
settled by the fact that "bag and baggage"
—a jingle which he did not invent— is
quoted as one of his most brilliant efforts.
Now people are tracing the phrase back,
and they have got so far back on the jour
ney as the sixteenth century, which at any
rate gives the phrase the respectable merit
of antiquity.
Very few phrases of Mr. Gladstone ever
struck my in. agination or appealed to my
memory. Bat there was one uttered years
ago which seemed admirable. Ho was
speaking, I think— l am unable to verify
my quotations— of the relations between
an orator ana his audience, and he said
that "the orator returned the enthusiasm
in flood which he received from the audi
ence in vapor." and one day I found that
yery expression in DeQuincey.and another
I discovered that DeQuincey had borrowed
it from Locke. And whence did Locke get
it? The eternal fitness of things suggests
Noah.— Pall Mall Gazette.
The Massachusetts Indian.
Professor F. W. Peabody of Harvard
has sent to Secretary of State Olin a sketch
of an Indian which he thinks should take
the place ol the present one on the Massa
chusetts coat-of-arms. In his report he
gives a description of the accoutrements
and wearing apparel of the figure, ana
gives his authority for the use of each arti
cle, and also for their positions on the fig
ure. He places the bow in the left hand,
and says that to place it in the right hand
is as absurd as to represent a military man
with his sword hung on the right side.
He says that it is evident that the man
who made the original drawing of the In
dian knew nothing about Indians. He
probably had never seen one, and had
made the drawing from his own ideas.
The ridiculous blunders which he mada
have since been perpetuated, and even in
corporated into the State law. The design
of Professor Peabody will be submitted to
the Archives Committee.
CALIFORNIA GAINS
BY THE DELUGE
Railroad Traffic Over the
State Has Been
Resumed.
BLESSING TO GROWERS.
Grainfields and Pasture Lands
Receive a Thorough
Soaking.
EIVEKS ARE STILL RAMPAGING.
I;
Truckee's Ice Palace Is Partially De
nuded, but the Damage
Is Slight.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 18.—Yester
day the general outlook in local railroad
circles was that, for a time at least, traffic
would have to be abandoned entirely. Up
in the Sierras the great washout caused by
the cloudburst in the vicinity of Crystal
Lake had left a chasm over 100 feet long
and 30 feet deep, which it became neces
sary to bridge with rough cribbing before
trains could pass. Beyond Marysville the
track was covered by a wind-swept sea of
water, in places 8 feet deep.
As far as Oroville was concerned it was
simply cut off from all railroad communi
cations with the outside world, and in
fact is yet, as the Feather River is still
booming and the pathway of the iron
horse is impassable. Down the Stockton
route the small streams had become rag
ing torrents that threatened every minute
to tear away the strongly built culverts
that bridged them, and out near Davis
ville a gang of laborers was working
through the dreary hours of the night in
an almost vain endeavor to restrain the
waters of Putah Creek, which, if they
could only burst through the masses of
earth-filled sacks that lined their puny
banks, would do inestimable damage and
effectually sever the great artery of traffic
that leads to the home of the Webfoot.
Nor wag this the only danger that
threatened to cut the connection with
California and her sister States. All the
insignificant streams that cros3the Oregon
line of railroad had developed into raging
torrents, covered with tangled masses of
drift that lodged against the culvert-sup
ports and threatened to tear them out
bodily, and yet within a few brief hours
all this damage had been temporarily re
paired and traiiic resumed. The golden
fruit from California's favored slopes is
speeding its eastward way, and the
products of Eastern manufactures are
a^aia crossing the snowy wastes of the
Sierras.
TIIVCKLE WAXTS SXOW.
Warm Miow.rs Are Denuding the Jce
Palace of Xts Covering.
TRUCKEE, Cal., Jan. IS.— The storm
continues without sign of abatement, and
the precipitation for the laat few days has
been remarkable, the rain gauge measur
ing 4.31 inches for the storm. For the
twenty-four hours ending at noon to-day
two inches of rain had fallen. Up to the
present time rain was an unknown quan
tity at this time of year and the heavy
showers, coming on top of the snowstorm,
nave caused Truckee River to rise to a con
siderable height. Should it freeze hard to
night the ground will be one glare of ice
in the morning. In an interview Director-
General McGlashan of the ice palace to
day said :
"If this had been a snowstorm, as usual
at this time of year, the amount of snow
would equal that of the remarkable winter
of 1890, when trains were blockaded and
travel impeded generally."
"At this time last year," continued Mr.
McGlashan, " there was fifteen feet of snow
on the level, and tunnels were dug across
the streets."
The ice palace and toboggan slide have
suffered considerably because of the storm,
and almost two-thirds of the ice on the
palace has melted. On the sheltered side,
however, the ice holds on to the wire with
remarkable tenacity, but it is slowly melt
ing. An immense block of the crystal six
feet square was taken into the interior of
the palace from Boca. Thi3 block has
melted from two to three inches daily,
while the ice on the north side of the pal
ace has not perceptibly decreased. This
shows the decided advantage over the
Canadian style of building. With the
thermometer at zero for one or two nights,
the palace would be in excellent condition,
and skating would be at its best. The
barometer is steadily falling, which is a
good indication of a heavy snowstorm.
It must not be imagined that the ice
carnival is a failure, as with the right
kind of weather everything could be made
to boom in the course of a day or two.
As evidence of the confidence that more
favorable weather will soon come, the
managers aie building a booth in the
palace for the sale of souvenirs and photo
graphs of the carnival.
It is stated authoritatively that no ex
cursions will be run unless everything is
in the best possible condition, and several
have been canceled on account of the
weather. Special days have been get
apart by the carnival directors as follows:
Saturday, January 25, Native Sons of the
Golden West day ; Thursday, January 30,
Knights Templar day ; January SI, Knights
of Pythias day; February 3, Fireman's
day; February 22, National Guard and
Red Men's day,
The ice men are praying for colder
weather, and are waiting for one cold night
to freeze the ice solid before commencing
to harvest the balance of the crop.
XEDMXG JJV DARKXESS.
£leetric Light riant and Water Works
* Bumps Are Under Water.
REDDING, C*l., Jan. 18.— The terrific
storm which broke upon this city Wednes
day increased in fury until noon to-day, \
when, with a few claps of thunder, the
clouds broke away, and to-night the sky is
clear and the atmosphere cold and chilly.
Last night and until late this morning
the gale and rain continued. Telegraph
and telephone poles were blown over, and
the rapid rise of the river has compelled
the people of this city to go without water
and light. All the electric lights, arc and
incandescent, are out to-night, and the city
is in, total darkness, except for lamps and
candles. The high water in the water
company's canal has completely inundated
the pumps, and the supply of water has
been shut off all day.
, Parties not fortunate enough to have
wells on their premises had water sup
plied to them by the water company,
which put into service sprinkling carts,
that made regular trip, dishing out
bucketfuls to those in need. Should afire
break out to-nieht the town would be
completely at the mercy of the flames, as
not a particle of water is in the mains.
The big storm bas been general through
out the county. No snow has fallen in the
mountains. It has been all rain, and
plenty of it. At noon to-day the Sacra
mento Kiver registered twenty feet above
low water mark, and it is still rising;. An
immense amount of drift is floating down,
impeding travel by the ferries. The low
lands and fields along the river are under
water. Stages could not cross the bridge
over the river at this place this morning
on account of the water running around
the approaches. On the mountain mines
railroad two bridges above Keswickacrosß
Spring Creek and one below were swept
away by the rising waters, and a great
amount of damage haa been done to the
new road by washouts.
Calaboose Creek, a small stream run
ning through this city, was bank full, and
last night C. H. Goldberg, an insurance
man, nearly lost his life in the torrent.
He was in a hack, and, the night being
dark, the driver missed the bridge across
the creek on Yuba street and drove into
the stream. Goldberg was nearly drowned,
but by heroic efforts succeeded in swim
ming out.
GOLD IX SAX ANDREAS STREETS.
Coara« Specimens Found in Gravel
Uncovered by the Rain.
SAN ANDREAS, Cal., Jan. 18.— Showers
have been falling all day, and at 4 o'clock
this afternoon there were thunder and
lightning. Soon the water fell in sheets,
this downpour lasting about twenty min
utes. The streets were flooded, ditches
became swollen streams and the creek run
ning through town gained the promi
nence of a river and overflowed its banks.
As far as can be learned no damage was
done.
The rain is a great boon to miners and
farmers, and both industries will be greatly
benefited. The main street of the town is
sloping, and when the rain came it washed
off the mud, leaving the gravel-bed bare.
This gravel used to yield much gold in
early days. People now searching find
numerous coarse specimens. One hunter
found a nugget worth nearly $7.
•
NAPA RIVER RISIXG.
Trains Delayed by a Great Washout
Near Kruga Station.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. 18.— The Napa River
went down several feet during the night,
but the continued rains have again raised
it, and at present it is higher than last
night. The boat landing is under water
and Spanishtown is flooded. The river is
running across First street several feet
deep.
The morning San Francisco train was
delayed several hours on account of a
washout, a mile and a half in length, near
Krugs station. A special train came up
from Vallejo and took the passengers down
from here.
Over two inches of rain have fallen dur
ing the past twenty -four hours and about
five inches in the last two days. The
river is still rising and if the rains con
tinue up the valley great damage will be
done to property.
SAXT A. CR UZ DEZ JJGED.
Another Downpour Jiegins With the Cotn-
ing of Night.
SANTA CRUZ, Cat,., Jan. 18.— Tne sun
shone brightly this morning for the first
time since Sunday, though the heavy rain
did not cease till after daylight. * The
total rainfall for the week is 4.49 inches,
and for the season 9.20 inches. There
were showers throughout to-day, and to
night a heavy, steady downpour.
A landslide at Felton Junction pre
vented the narrow gauge outgoing train
from going through, but connections were
made there. Feed on dairy farms is grow
ing rapidly from the effects of the rain.
Coonty roads in all directions in good con
dition.
HoJlister Cropa Benefited.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Jan. 18.— All doubta
as to good crops were dispelled by a fall of
rain, 2.83 in the past forty-eight hours.
Growing grain is in good condition to re
oeive all the benefit and grass is springing
up rapidly.
Damage Done at Nevada.
NEVADA, Cal., Jan. 18.— The storm
last night was terrific. Several dwellings
were moved from their foundations by the
wind and Downing's brick block on Main
street was unroofed.
NEW TO-DAY.
«77"
FOB
They Say!!!
That "77" knocks out the Grip.
That "77" breaks up a Cold.
That "77" dries up Influenza.
That "77" is infallible for Catarrh.
That "77" stops a Cough.
That "77" prevents Pneumonia.
That "77" heals the Lungs.
That "77" cures Whistles in the Chest.
That "77" is a safeguard against Colds.
That "77" renders you "Cold-proof."
That "77" fortifies the System.
That "77" promotes Circulation.
That "77" cures; stay cured.
That "77" is Dr. Humphreys' Greatest Dis-
covery.
That "77" is the Triumph of homeopathy.
That "77" is the Wonder of the Age.
Tnat "77" is the Master Remedy.
That "77" acts as quick as a flash.
That "77" is pleasant to take.
That "77" just fits your pocket.
That "77" is the best seller.
That "77" sells for 25 cents or 5 for $1.00.
That "77" is for Sale Everywhere
SiVrroTn anTff^n'f* * H «mphroy's Medl-
cine io., xix and 113 William St., New York
FAILING MANHOOD
General and Nervous Debility.
' /f&titS*. Weakness of Body and
(wnV Wind, Effects of Errors
V^a-y^^A or Excesses in Old or
459lf3nftw Young. Robust, Noble
£ flCr^ v. Manhood fully Restored.
Sb « fry ' i^ How to Enlarge ■ and
/*5« I lL*»-lt\ Strengthen Weak, Un-
: # <d J c^ eloped Portions of
m&i m<^A ?°-p- Absolutely nn-
r *OTIWl \M fa in Home Treatment.
yi~Mus[.ji\-UUQ —Benefits in a day
Men testify from 60 States and Foreign
Countries. Send for Descriptive Book, ex-
planation and proofs, mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
Moderate Exercise, Sleep. Plain
Food and Fresh Sunshine Will
Bring Back Your Health, Es-
pecially if You Use the Great
Hudyan.
feif '
You can get Hudyan only by applying
to the HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE. .
HUDYAN cures certain forms of nervous
exhaustion, nervous debility, mental
worry, melancholia, wasting diseases and
Lost Manhood. Hudynn cures certain
forms of liver and kidney affections.
Circulars and Testimonials of th«
Great Hudyan FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
TAINTED BLOOD- Impure blood, dua
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
Bore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for -'Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
LIVER— When your liver is affected you
may feet blue, melancholy. irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that you/really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
md this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free. ;
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNKY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
lives— up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
, our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys ana how to make ta«
j test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidney*,"
sent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts..
SAN CISCO, CAL.
NOTICE M BIDS,
Notice Inviting: Sealed Proposals
for the Purchase of Lincoln
Water Works Bonds.
The Trustees of the town of Lincoln having
by ordinance of said to\. entitled an ordi-
nance providing for the issuance and 'sale of
bonds for the town of Lincoln for the construc-
tion, acquisition and completion of a water-
works system for the said town of Lincoln for
fire and other municipal purposes, passed and
approved the 17th day of December, 1895,
ordained that there shall be issued by the said
town of Lincoln forty bonds of the denomina-
tion of $500 each, bearing interest at the rate
of 5 per cent per annum, payable annually,
and also directing the Town Clerk of the town
of Lincoln to give notice inviting proposals for
sale of said bonds. '.
Now, therefore, notice is hereby given by the
Board of Town Trustees of the town of Lincoln
to sell said bonds aforesaid as they may deem
necessary. The said bonds are to bear date the
first Monday in January, 1896, and are to be
numbered consecutively from one to forty, both
inclusive, the first bond 10 be made payable on
the first Monday in January, 1897. and the re-
maining bonds consecutively are to be made
payable on the first Monday in January In each
succeeding calendar year, until and including
the year 1935; the said bonds are to be made
payable to the bearer at the office of the Treas-
urer of the said town of Lincoln, in the said
town of Lincoln, .Placer County, State of Cali-
fornia, and to each of said bonds there is to be
attached interest coupons equal in number to
the number of years which the bond in ques-
tion has to run before its maturity.
Sealed proposals for the purchase of said
bonds will be received by the clerk of the said
town on behalf of the Trustees of the said
town at his office in said town at any time
from the date of the first publication of this
notice up to the hour of 7 o'clock p. m. of the
31st day of January, 1896, and that thereafter
said bonds will be sold by the Board of Trus-
tees of said town to the highest and best bid-
der for cash in gold coin of tne United States.
The Board of Trustees of said town hereby re-
serve the right to accept or reject any and all
bids. No bid will be considered that is for less
than the face value of said bonds. Said bonds
will be delivered in the aggregate amount
made up of forty serial bonds of the entire issue
of $20,000, numbered from one to forty/both
Inclusive.
The purchase price of said bonds must be
paid on the delivery of the bonds at the office
of the Town Treasurer of the said town of
Lincoln. The purchaser or purchasers of said
bonds, to whom the game are awarded, must
give an undertaking with at least two sufficient
sureties, in the penal sum of 10 per cent of
the purchase price payable to the said town of
Lincoln, and conditioned that said purchaser
shall within ten days after receiving notice
on the part of the said Board of Town Trus-
tees to deliver said bonds, take up and payf or
same as delivered ; and that a failure to take
up and pay for same within the time herein
specified shall be a breach of said undertak-
ing and shall constitute such breach of itself,
and the sum mentioned in said undertaking
shall be held and considered as liquidated
damages; and said undertaking may be sued
upon immediately in the name of the town of
Lincoln, and the amount specified therein
recovered as liquidated damages. A deposit
in the United States postoffico of said town of
Lincoln of a notice of readiness to deliver said
bonds signed by the said clerk of the said town
and witn the seal of said town affixed, ad-
dressed to the purchaser.of said bonds at his
place of business or residence as stated in bis
bid for said bonds, piepaid, thall be deemed
and taken to be notice to the purchaser from
the date of such deposit, and there shall also
be embodied in said undertaking the pur-
chaser's assent to the form and sufficiency of
such notice.
Dated December 31, 1895.
. F. L. Sanders, Town Clerk.
NOTARY PUBLIC.A BIG BUCKLEY RALLY.
Officers and an Executive Com
mittee to Be Created To-
Morrow Night.
THE EX-BOSS TO DECIDE THINGS.
The Junta Waits, the Breach Is Not
Wide and Paths to a Compromise
Are Discussed.
The Buckleyites will have a large and
important time on Monday evening, when
the old and the new general committeea
will meet in Odd Fellows' Hall to transfer
the reins of local party government.
The old committee will wind up its af
fairs after nearly four years of power, ap
prove the work of the primary committee
of twenty-five with the recent primary
election and adjourn sine die. Acting and
Vice-Chairman Joseph Rothchild of the
old committee will at once call the new
committee to order and permanent organ
ization will be proceeded with.
Who the new officers are to be is inter- j
e?ting or worrying a larg« portion of the ;
new committee. The chairmanship is, of \
course, the thing of most interest. Attor
ney Joseph Rothehild. the present acting
chairman, appears now destined to receive
the honor. A few days ago James H. |
O'Brien was regarded cs the logical and !
probable chairman. He is popular with |
the boys, has been a very active leader in i
the recent campaign affairs of the faction i
arid deserved something for being defeated I
by A. A. Watkins that time. Bat Jim j
O'Brien is out of the race. He declines the
nation for some reason and says he i
wouldn't take it under any circumstances, j
Rothchild and ex-Senator Donovan
have beer, prorninentiy talked of for some j
time, and now the probabilities lie be- j
tween them, with the chances in favor of '
Rothchild. Teter P. Dunne has been I
talked of, but he is generally regarded as
too valuable on the lloor to be muzzled
with a gaveJ. He is third in the line of
probabilities.
The importance of the chairmanship is
.zed by the influential Buckleyites
who are interested, and th<? right man is
wanted for the place. Those faroring
Rothchild point out that he is familiar
with parliamentary law an.i that he has ;
■ k wit, tact and force of character
ight to reside in the chairman of a
ly of Democratic politicians. These
are very important things. It takes
'■■it. tact and boldness to carry out
immes, recognize the right people ,
• no and decide at the rignt moment.
also argued that as Rothchild is a
wealthy man. seeking no office, that is
ber consideration in his favor.
Donovan is regarded as worthy of honor, i
me thiuk that he wcild tit in better
as chairman of the executive committee
; hat is to be created. He has never been;
ilarly close to Buckley, is very de
ite in his style and somewhat inde-
Dendent in his spirit. Many think that
be would not be the best man to carry out
-.mimes.
But there will be no lierce battle over
the chairmanship next Monday night. j
Bucklevitps don't do tbincs that way \
when Buckley is around. Buckley will
settle the thing betore Monday night.
The great harmonizer lets things develop
until he knows just how things really
stand and who wains what and then I
:.:akes a jewel of expediency. He will de
cide the eiiairrnar.nhip in that all-satisfy
ing way that is wholly his own before to
morrow nipht, if he has not done s>o al
ready, and if more than one nomination is
made Monday n;ght there will likely be a
graceful declination and a swell of tender
feeling over the election. Rothchild says
that he is not seeking the place and will
not enter a contest for it.
It seems more than likely that Peter F.
Dunne will be vice-president. The secreta
ryship has two warm aspirants in Josepu
I. Twohie, the present acting secntarv,
and Daniel M. Gavisran, who was secretary
of the last Democratic municipal conven
tion. Both have their backers, and some
are not backing either. There is a move
ment to make Frank J. I'allon secretary,
"• ill accent the orhce.
fhe most important business that will
follow the election of officers to-morrow
night will be the creation of an executive
committee. No County Committee, and :
especially a boiy of 450 Democratic politi
i ians with more or less clashing interests, i
mplete or capable of its highest effi- i
- , at least, in heeding the counsel of a
Buckley without an executive com- !
mittee. This general committee has not
i.iii one since the one instituted by Max;
■ r and abolished two years ajro.
Tne one to be established now will have !
to be created through an amendment to i
the constitution, and such an amendment 1
will bo introduced to-morrow night. It is '
doubtful iiow large the executive com- I
mittee will be. It will probably be com- '•
■ of one or two representatives of
each district. It is one of the probabili- '■.
ties that M. J. Donovan will be made chair- i
• •■ executive committee if the
manship of the general committee >
to Ruthchiid.
The Junta ia displaying an inactivity !
that is considered rather masterly in view
of tho fact that Messrs. Popper, Braun
bart, Sullivan and McNab think that the
• tune has not come to do
anything. When the daily expected
decision in the new election commis- j
H:on comes along something will
be done about the primary which !
is to choose a new general committee.
W hen the Junta primary does come alone
it will be according to that much talked of
but never tried method, the postal
primary. As a stamped and addressed ■
envelope containing a ballot will be mailed
to every voter whose name appears on the i
Junta rolls, with the request that the ''
voter vote by merely remaiiing the ballot
a display of strength that will count for a
good deal before the State Central Com- j
mittee and the fcitate Convention is reck- !
oned on.
No definite decision about the time of
the primary has been announced, and
there is a possibility, if not a probability,
that there will not be a Junta primary
merely for the election of a new general
committee and a second one a few weeks
later to choose delegates to the State Con
vention. There is no great need of a new
general committee, and tiie primary may
be delayeu and made to serve both pur
poses.
The situation between the Junta and
the Buckley faction remains the same as
it became when the battle-field cooled off
a few weeks ago. The factions are wide
apart and they are quietly letting each
other alone and waiting for something to
turn Dp. Nobody is getting out and de
nouncing Buckley just now, because there
is no panicular occasion for it at the
moment. Each faction is quietly attend
ing to its own business, saying. "Sh! sh !"
to its own kickers, and with sneering curi
osity watching the other from across the
alley. The Biickleyites ignore the Junta
wholly in their daily doings, but consider
the revolutionists when taking counsel on
the future. All know, with Buckley, that
they will get together in the end— that
"somehow, somewhere, meet we must."
Buckley says, "Democrats are like Kil
kenny cats. No matter how hard they
when the light is over there are more
cats. 1 '
lii this situation Buckley leaders sa^ :
we are the party and have proved it. and
"f; 11 go rifiht ahead and send to the State
convention a delegation that can't help be
seated. \\ c will h. lY e evidence that we
constitute the regular oreanization, that
we have the political strength of the party
with us, and that the Junta is founded oh
fraud and false pretensions. We will have
able men to present our case ana strong
influences to back us."
The anti-Buckleyites say: "We are the
party as everybody knows and we will be
recognized by the State Central Commit
tee. We will go right ahead ana send a
delegation to the State convention with
that prestige and it can't help be seated.
We will show that the other faction is
completely dominated by Boss Buckley,
who has been a traitor to his party, and
that recognition of Buckley means party
suicide."
But back of all this talk is the probability,
if not the certainty, of a settlement before
the State Convention meets. There are
three possible solutions recognized. One
would follow the maintenance ot the rup
ture until the State Convention meets. In
the event of two delegations going to the
convention, it is thought most likely that
Political expediency would govern the ac
tion of the convention and that, recog
nizing the importance of the San Francisco
Democratic vote this year, the convention
would divide the representation between
the delegations. The Buckley faction has
shown itself so strong, and so much
stronger than the other side, that its being
ignored or turned out in the cold, is gener
ally conceded to be out of the question.
Another possibility is that when the
State Central Committee meets about the
last of February, a way of healing the
breach will be found, though the Buckley
leaders, such as Joseph Rothchild, John
McCarthy, A. T. Spotts and others, declare
that the State Central Committee has noth
ing to do with it, and that they will not
co' 1 -ik It.
The third possibility is that before a
crisis comes that large and strong element
of the party which sides with neither fac
tion nor takes much interest in the rival
ries of politicians and bosses which have
caused the breach will assert itself and
force an agreement in behalf of the party.
In this class are W. D. and Warren Eng
lish, Russell Willson, James G. Maguire,
W. W. Foote, J. D. Sullivan, J. J. Dwyer,
Judge Garber and many others of strong
party influence.
The Buckley leaders are continuously
anxious to effect a compromise through
such strong inliuences which might be
headed by Messrs. Popper, Braunhart,
Sullivan and McNab, who control the
Junta through the sustaining power of
John Daggett, Ed Lanigan and the Fire
Department. Compromise is the object of
Buckley's constant effort, and the proba
bilities of it grow stronger.
RAN AWAY FROM HOME
Johnny Cunliffe and Augustus
Bodel, Two Schoolboys,
Disappear.
Their Parents Worried Over Their
Absence — They Were Last Seen
at San Jose.
Johnny Cunliffe and Augustus Bodel,
aged 12 and 9 years respectively, have
wandered from their own liresides, and
their parents and friends are worrying
over their prolonged absence.
The boys went away from their homes a
few days before Christmas, and have not
been seen or heard of since. The ques
tions: Where they hare gone? What they
are doing? How they are living? are
causing a guessing contest among their
relatives.
The Cunliffe boy lived with his grand
mother, Mrs. O'Brien, at 502 Post street.
The Bodel youth is a son of the artist at
514 Post street. The latter attended the
Penman School and the former the
Plymouth. Cunliffe is bright, active and
well advanced in the ways of the world for
a boy of his years. He sold newspapers
Johnny Cunliffe, One of the Boys Who
Kan Away From Home.
[From a photograph.]
when not at school, and was well known
among the newsboys of the street. When
his parents died some years ago he and
an elder brother and sister were tanen
tinder the sheltering wing of the grand
mother, a plain, kind, affectionate old
woman, now in the declining years of life.
She cared for them with tenderness. All
the children, excepting "Jack," obeyed
her command. He persisted in absenting
himself from school, and she chastised
him for his erring conduct. This is the
only reason she can give for his running
away from school.
"Jack is a bright boy," said the old lady
yesterday, "and if he only gets to some of
the big places he will be able to make a
living. He is quick at selling newspapers,
toys or anything like that. Why did he
runaway? Oh, I don't know. I told him
he had to go to school. That he would
not do. The teacher had to send the
notes about him to me through the mail,
as if Jack caught a boy coming to the
house with a note he would be at him.
Yet he was not a bad boy. Surely you
have heard something of him," and the
oid grandmother seemed to doubt the
assurance of the reporter that he knew
nothing of her boy.
When he left home the Cunliffe boy
wore a suit of brown corduroy, blue cap
and black stockings. He has dark eyes
and hair. He is not tall for his age.
The Bodel boy is several years younger
than Cunliffe, and his parents declare that
he has been led away. He is quiet and re
tiring in disposition. He has light hair
and blue eyes. His father is an artist at
514 Post street.
The boys were last seen at the railway
depot, can Jose, a few days after Chrin
mas.
FORESTERS' MASQUERADE.
Tll « Annual Fancy Dr«-sg Ball of the
Courts and Circlet* at California Hull.
The Forestic Friends gave their annual
\ masquerade ball at California Hall on
; Bush street last night, and altogether it
j was a delightful affair. The Forestic
| Friends is a social organization composed
iof representatives from the following
I courts and circles of the Foresters of
j America: Excelsior Circle, Aloha Circle,
j Live Oak Circle. Mizpah Circle, Court Jus-
I tice, Court American and Court Live Oak.
There was in attendance last evening a
large gathering, and many pretty and
original costumes were shown. Dancing
j was begun a little alter 9 o'clock and con"
| tinued until midnight, when the prizes
i were awarded and the guests unmasked,
I after which a supper was served. Dancing
i was then resumed.
Those in c arge as a committee on en
tertainment and to whom the credit for
the success of the affair is due were: E. S.
Harrison (chairman), B. Sewell, George
Mayer, Mrs. Kramer, D. Johansen, Mrs.
K. 8. Harrison, J. J. Crowley, Mrs. Baston,
John Hurley and Mrs. Wagner.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
DEMANDS OF THE CHURCH
Will Ask Dr. Brown Why He
Persisted in Shielding Mrs.
Stockton.
INJURIOUS TO MRS. DAVIDSON.
Letters From Eastern People Deroga
• tory to Dr. Brown's Alleged
Defamer.
The power of tmblic opinion, or that por
tion of it which is the exponent of
sentiments entertained by the First Con
gregational Church, is being felt very
strongly by the judges Dr. C. O. Brown
appointed recently to try his case.
The legality of his appointment of those
judges, according to Congregational
polity, to say nothing of common law and
equity, is called in question. The mem
bers are willing to waive that, however,
since they admit that they had not in
formed themselves previously by consult
ing their church manual concerning their
right to challenge such a course. Their
excuse is that the possibility of such a
proceeding on the part of their shepherd
had not occurred to them.
There is a conviction, amounting to a
demand, that the committee of investiga
tion should nold open sessions. It is
claimed that the result of star-chamber
meetings will not be cordially indorsed,
no matter what these results may be, for
secrecy in such cases never begets con
fidence.
But there are two counts in the indict
ment they have returned against the rev
erend gentleman that they will force upon
the attention of the judges. They want to
be satistied as to the motives of Dr.
8.-own in permitting Mrs. Stockton to
unite with the First Church when, by his
own confession, he knew her to be a
blackmailer.
They want an explanation of his un
doubted desire to bring her into promi
nence in church work, when he was
cognizant of her moral unritness for such
a charge. All these efforts to give her a
position of influence in the church, it is
said, were made after he knew her char
acter thoroughly and against the remon
strance of members of tne church whose
integrity and devotion he could not assail.
'Dr. Brown must explain his persistent
shielding of a woman he knew was un
worthy," they say, and they are careful
to say it to the committee! adding that
the failure to cover that important point
in the case will lay that body open to the
charge or a willful ignoring of the claims
of justice.
Another query the church proposes to
propound to the minister through its
agents, the judges, is, "Why did you call
upon Mrs. Davidson to offer devotions at
prayer meeting after you believed her to
be a hypocrite? Why did you help her to
wear a mask if you knew it to conceal
moral hideousness?"
* There are members who recall distinctly
that Mrs. Davidson's voice was heard in
supplication at prayer meetings in the
First Church after, according to the pas
tor's allegations, he was convinced that
she was a conscienceless pirate on the high
seas of society.
It is not probable that Dr. Brown will
occupy the pulpit of the First Congrega
tional Church to-day. Inquiry at his
J|ome last nijrht developed the fact that lie
was quite ill. though his son Valentine
could not say anything as to what his
father mi^ht do. Valentine Brown gave
the following letter to the reporter, which
is said to hare been received by tne sister
of a prominent clergyman of this City :
Bucksport, ME.,.Tanuary 3, 1896.
We have been Interested in thenccountsof the
goings on of a townswoman of ours, Mrs. Mary
I'uvidson. She was born in Bucksport, and
her poor father, 85 years old, is still living
here. She has drained his purse in her i arinus
speculations, and they take precious little
stock in her now. She is known here most
thoroughly, and has had a varied career
Those who went to school with her remember
her as a girl who in telling lies always ex
ceeded.
She was always acting a part. Her first hus
band died so suddenly that there nas always
been a shade of suspicion as to the cause. As
a beautiful young widow and a ripe Christian
she courted Mr. Forsyth before his marriage,
calling frequently to talk over the best good of
his church. He was briprht enough to see
through her and drop her. "Afterward she at
tempt.d to pursue him by taking up his sup-
Eosed treatment of a minister, a classmate of
is. The deacons and church committee were
called to her hou -e. where she received them
in a queenly fashion and charged Mr. Forsyth
with willful slander and lying.
That fell through. She* carried a Testament
in her pocket, and the lady with whom she
bearded astonished some of her friends by
bidding them, "Beware of the woman who car
ries a Testament in her pocket." When re
leased from the House of Correction she came
home, spent the Sunday in literary work and
prayer, leaving her old mother to do the work.
When she went away her mother expressed the
hope that she would have enough to eat. "Oh
never fear, I shall be fed by the ravens." Her
mother thought she must have been one of the
xavens that year. No truer words could be
said of her than,
I know a maiden fair to see. Beware! Beware!
Trust her not. she is fooling thee.
If she is in State prison I hope she will stay
there; you need not pity yer. I could tell a
long story, but will not. She is the second
Bucksport girl who has found a home in a Cal
| ifornia jail, and we are not proud of them I
I am foolish to write of this, but we know of the
i antecedents so well that her motherly counsel
| to the poor sinner, her prayers, her zeal for the
church sound very familiar. Dr. Brown's rep
utation will not be marred by any charge that
she can bring in our vicinity. Why do women
do so and why are they permitted to live? She
is bright enough to have been a power for
Rood. H. W. Beecher would say the her pray
ers would not be worthy of angel's wings to
bear them to the mercy seat. Respectfully,
Mary S— — .
Dr. Brown's son also gave out the fol
lowing:
A prominent gentleman in Michigan sends
the following clipping from a Portland daily:
A MICHIGAN DOCTOR'S EXPERIENCE WITH PAB
TOB BROWN'S lIUCKMAILKR.
Poutlaxj), Mich., January 10.
Dr. C. C. Dellenbaugh of this place says that he
onoe had a very disagreeable experience with Mary
A. Davidson, who, he thinks, is none other than
the s-an Francisco woman accused of blackmailing
Rev. C. O. .Brown.
Dellenbaugh's father was said to be worth about
$60,000. and when the doctor was a young
man lit; was called to attend a sick woman
in a flat in Buffalo, N. Y. Mary Davidson met
him in the room, locked the door and coolly de
manded a good sum of money from the astonished
physician. After expostulating with the woman
for a few moments Dr. Dellenbaugh says that he
kicked the door open and made his escape.
He has examined the picture of the San Fran
cisco woman and says that it tallies with that of
the Buffalo shark.
DANCED AND DINED.
The Employes of Nathan, Dohrmann &
Co. Enjoy a Pleasant Social
and Banquet.
On Thursday evening Beethoven Hall,
in Hotel Savoy, was the scene of a re
markably pleasant gathering— a gathering
rarely duplicated in this City. As an
object-lesson, showing the good feeling
that should prevail between the employer
and his employes, it was indeed sugges
tive.
It was a social and banquet given osten
sibly to celebrate the forty-fifth anniver
sary of Nathan, Dohrmann & Co., but in
reality it was a reception to the employes
of the firm given by the employers. The
event commemorated the forty-fifth anni
versary of the house, the thirty-rifth anni
versary of Mr. Nathan's connection and
the twenty-seventh anniversary of Air
Dohrniann's connection with the estab
lishment.
The attendance was composed exclu
sively of employes and employers, num
bering 130, and their families. The hall
was beautifully decorated for the occasion.
The first intimation of the treat in store
for them was a semi-humorous notice sent
to every attache of the firm commanding
his presence at the hall on the date men
tioned, with special instructions to dress
as convenient, leave care behind and that
sickness would not be accepted as an ex
cuse for absence. The monotony of regu
lation dances was broken by songs and
recitations by Melville Meyer, E. W.
Ehmann, Ed Hemelke, E. Taylor and Miss
I. Munson.
At 10 o'clock the merrymakers repaired
to the banquet-hall, where there was found
everything that could tempt the appetite.
There another pleasing feature took place.
The veteran employes of the firm wore
presented with decorations by their fel
low-^mployes. Tne veterans were Henry
Lage (1863), A. Bachert (1866), J. H. Jahns
(1875) and Major Specht (1877). Appro
priate emblems were also presented to J.
Heineberg and Miss H. Ejrgert, the ad
dresses beintr made by A. B. C. Dohrmann.
P. W. Dohrmann also received a nice little
present — a dustpan and dustbroom. E.
Deutsch presided at the table as toast
master and addresses and toasts were
made and responded to by P. W. Dohr
inann, J. H. Jahns. Miss B. Honicsberger
R. Doph, Miss I. Munson, A. B. C. Dohr
mann, Miss H. Eggert, J. Skelly, F.
Dohrmann Jr., Donald Watt, J. Heine
berg.
The social and banquet was under the
direction of the following ladies and gentle
men:
Committee of arrangements— A. Bachert, J.
A. Heinebergr, F. Dohrmann Jr., E. Deutsch, Mrs.
B. Paulsen, A. B. C. Dohrmann. G. S. Kevin H.
Wiener, J. H. Jahns, C. Specht, W. Trinkier;
floor committee— F. Dohrmann Jr. (director),
Charles Specht, J. A. Heinenberg, George Nevin)
W. Trinkier; reception committee— A. Bachert'
J. 11. Jahns, F. 11. Ames, H. Wiener.
UNCLE GEORGE ON TRIAL
Found Guilty of Having Will
fully Stolen Widow
O'Grady's Goat.
Roars of Laughter Attend the Sen
tencing of the W .-Known Club
man to the Legislature.
OAKLAND, Cat-., Jan. 18.— Society
filled every niche and corner of the Mac
donough Theater to-nieht to hear the
presentation of "Widow O'Grady's Goat,"
a burlesque trial by jury.
The audience was one of the most en
thusiastic that has ever been gathered to-
THE INVITATION ENGRAVED ON A SILVER PLATE WHICH WAS SENT TO
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE.
gether in Oakland's handsome theater.
The piece was superbly staged, and the
dignified satire and refined local witti
cisms kept the appreciative audience roar
ing with laughter till well on toward mid
night. All the first-nighters were there,
but never was a legitimate company re
ceived with the enthusiasm that was dis
played to-nieht. The weather helped to
bring out the people, and everything con
tributed to make the Unity Club benefit a
marked success.
The first act opened with the scene laid
in a courtroom of the Alaraeda County
courthouse. It was Department 5, and
Hon. Stephen G. Nye, who is known about
equally as an able jurist and a successful
agriculturist, was Presiding Judge.
Uncle George Bromley sat in charge of
Bailiff Hunt, and Beemed to be fully cog
nizant of the enormity of the crime with
which he was charged. Clerk Robert
Edgar called the case, "People of Califor
nia versus George T. Bromley. 1 ' There
was no desire for a continuance, and the
beautifully modulated tones of Major
Fred Whitney, the prosecuting attorney,
answered, "Ready, your Honor."
"When I was in Japan, your Honor,"
Major Whitney was saying, when the
audience bursted into a laughter that lasted
several minutes. The major was in Japan
two years ago, and everybody he has met
since then has been greeted with the ex
pression "When I was in Japan." and the
major's absentmindedness provoked the
mirth.
The jury had been secured at a previous
session of the court so the prosecution was
able to proceed without delay. Rastus
Washington Brown (Alex. Rosborough)
and Jean Baptisto Jellusean(B. C. Cavel
lier) were the witnesses for tue prosecution,
and they made out a pretty good case
against Uncle George.
During the testimony Major Whitney
introduced the poat in evidence and ex-
Mayor Pardee, counsel for defense, offered
no objection provided its keeper came
with it. This was agreed to and the ani
mal came on the staee. To the surprise of
most of the audience the goat was an un
usually good one, and performed antics
that no Watts Tract butter was ever known
to be guilty of.
During the giving of his testimony Alex
Roshorough made the startling admission
that he cculd sing. Attorney Pardee pro
ceeded to impeach the witness, and dur
ing his cross-examination the witness was
required to introduce a few specialties to
corroborate his testimony.
Mis>s Anne M. Kavunuugh took the part
of the prosecuting witness, VVidowO'Grady,
and at the close of the first act things
looked very gloomy for the prisoner.
The second act was occupied by the de
fense. Wun Lung (C. C. C. Vinzent) and
Wash Sing (Emil Nusbaumer) testified for
Uncle George, but under cross-examination
they fell down so clearly that they utterly
destroyed their case. To make matters
worse the prisoner make a statement on
his own behalf, and said so many con
tradictory tilings tnat all the eloquence of
his attorneys could not destroy its effect
on the jury.
After being out for a few minutes the
jury found the prisoner trinity as charged,
ana in a humorous speech Judge Nye sen
tenced Uncle George to the State Legisla
ture for life. Puil Walsh, the court re
porter, wheeled his testimony books off
the stage in a wheelbarrow, and the cur
tain fell after the handcuffs had been
placed on the prisoner.
The most significant feature was the ex
treme dignity of those who took part in
the trial. During the most excruciating
jokes not a smile could be seen in court
and even the antics of the human goat,
which part was taken by C. olemberg of
the Acme Club, although they convulsed
the audience, failed to disturb the equanim
ity of tne court.
It has been stated in many quarters that
Mme. Ernesta Grisi, who, at the age of 80,
recently died in Paris, was the last of the
Grisi family. This is an error. A married
daughter of the great prima donna is liv
ing in England.
RAISING UP OF CHIEFS
An Interesting Public Ceremony
of the Red Men Last
Night.
ABORIGINAL SCENES RECALLED.
Badge Presented to District Deputy
P. L. Hoff— A Silver Card of
Invitation.
The City tribes of the Improved Order of
Red Men held a public "raising up of
chiefs" last evening in Odd Fellows' Hall,
at the corner of Seventh and Olsrket
streets. This beautiful and impressive
ceremony, corresponding to the installa
tion of officers, has never before taken
place outside of the council-room. It was
the idea of Acting Grand Sachem P. L.
Hoff, the district deputy of the order, who
prepared tne details of the interesting oc
casion.
The raising-up chiefs, besides Acting
Grand Sachem Hoff, were: Senior Saga
more M. J. Fairchild, Junior Sagamore P.
S. Seymoure, Prophet George W. Collins,
Sannap Fred Brandt, Mishinewa H. L.
Stacey, Great Chief of Records R. V. Bon.
The officiating chiefs were: Sachem U. A.
Lewis, Senior Sagamore Henry A. Cnase,
Junior Sagamore W. C. Johnson, Prophet
J. E. Higgins and Guard of Wigwam J.
Lear}'.
During the ceremony Acting Grand
Sachem Hoff was presented with a beauti
ful diamond badge. The jewel was suit
ably engraved with a scene of a redman
and paleface clasping hands by a blazing
camprire over which the sun is rising.
Above is an eagle holding in its talons a
bow and quiver of arrows.
Under the inscription — "P. L. Hoff,
P. S."— are crossed tomahawks. The
lower part of the badge contains the words
"Freedom, Friendship, Charity." A badge
was also presented to Red Man'Coleman of
Osceola Council.
The proprietor of The Call takes pleas
ure in acknowledging the receipt of a
graceful testimonial in the shape of a sil
ver plate of invitation, inclosed in a neat
A LIFE=SAVER
CARL BEAUMAN, Stockton, Cal.
"The Smith a mighty man is he." Carl Beauman is
a Smith — a blacksmith, now strong, vigorous and rugged.
It was only a short time ago when he was a sick man, a
tired, weary day laborer. He could digest no food, had
pains in his liver and pains over the kidneys. He suf-
fered from exhaustion, exposure, cold and overwork.
In his own words:
The Edwin W. Joy Company:
Gentlemen— l may not he nble to tell you in fine language the great gratitude I feel, but I
can tell it just the same. A .short, time a?o I was on the flat of my back with pains all over my
body mid pains in my stomach. I used Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla ior two weeks and my
bowels became reuular, and I could feel that I was getting on. 1 continued to use Joy's Vege-
table Sdrsaparilla until 1 was well enough to work, and now lam strong a^ain. Say, God bless
Joy's Vegetable Sarsapurilla. It is a great remedy. Siirned,
CARL BEAUMAN, Stockton, Cal.
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla is the great California
remedy, of which so much has already been said. More
than 10,000 testimonials are in the office of Joy's Vege-
table Sarsapariila. It is good for the blood, liver and
kidneys. It is a fine remedy for people suffering from
constipation. It will cure the worst case of chronic con-
stipation. Ask your druggist or dealer for Joy's Vege-
table Sarsaparilla.
GRAND SACHEM P. L. HOFF, DISTRICT DEPUTY, IMPROVED ORDER OP
RED MEN.
[Sketched by a ''Call " artist.]
Badge Presented to District Doputy Ho ff .
cpse. The metal "card" was ornamented
at the upper right-hand corner with the
American eagle and the following inscrip
tion :
San- Francisco, Jan. 18. 1896.
Charles if. Shortridge, Esq., Proprietor San
FrncUco Morning Call— Dkar Sir: Yourself and
ladies are cordially invited to attend the pub
lic raising-up of chiefs of the tribes ol the Im
perial Order of Red Men at Odd Fellows' Hall
this evening at 8 o'clock. Committee.
After the ceremonies had been concluded
the floor was cleared for dancine and the
different ball committees, under the lead
ership of Director George W. Collins, took
charge of the guests for the remainder of
the evening.
Heirs for ex-Senator Nunan.
The attorneys interested in the estate ol ex-
Senator Edward Nunan, who died recently at
101 Leadenhall street, E. C, London, have
found two more heirs. These are Thomas
Nunan of 821 Twentieth street, this City, and
Mrs. Eliza Brierly of Australia. There are only
three heirs. It is now stated that the property
is worth from $1 do ,ooo to $200,000. Tiie ex-
Senator was a widower and ti.ere were no sur
viviug children.
YOUNS KEPUBIICANS' SOCIAL.
An Enjoyable Entertainment Given by
Future Politicians.
The Young Men's Republican Club cave
its first entertainment and ball last even
ing in National Hal! on Ellis street, near
Polk. C. W. Kyle made the opening ad
dress, in which i:e urged the young men to
live up to their Republican political prin
ciples. Fred C. Nobraann attended to the
stage arrangement?, assisted by Henry D.
Schadde. The progiamme consisted of
the following features:
Honeymoon March, Eppler'a Orchestra
opening remarks, C. W.Kyle; half-tone solo.
M. A. O.EprUr; song, "I'll Be Your Sweet
heart, Miss May V eber, accompanied by the
composer, Miss caldera; Piccirillo's mandolin
quintet, Messrs. D. W.Betes, Prof. Mansfield
S. Abrams and Prof. Pircirillo, (a) Intermezzo
'■Cavalleria Rusticsnn." by Ma-cagin, (b) An
dalusia Waltz, by Le Theile; Wiggs and Wigzs
—Burlesque, grotesque, eccentric, Irish and
Dntch comedians— Jack Cathcart. in his comic
selections; A. O. Kpj.ler, musical selections
barytone solo, Joe Weber.
The affair was under the management of
the following officers and committees:
Frank K. Spencer, president; Earl T.
Chapin, vice-president; Randall P. Phillips
treasurer; Ellery D. Montrose, recording sec
retary; John L. Lounibos, financial secre
tary; Fp»dC. Nobmann, corresponding secre
tary; Clarence K. chapman, secretary of the
board; floor manager, Ellery I>. M-introse-
Randall P. Phillips, assistant. Fl , or commit
tee—Henry D. Shadde, William e-ehohay, Fred
c. Xobmann, Frnnk K. Spencer and Frank J
Ceding; reception committee — Randall P
Phillips, Frank K. Spencer. EUery D. Montrose,
UilliHin Eccles, Samuel Russell, (Jus Behlow
Walter E. Kemp, William McNess, Richard
Koppen, Brainerd Jones, John L. Lounibos and
Clarence E. Chapman; committee of arrange
ments—Fred C. Nobraan, Ran '.nil P. Phillips,
Ellery D. Monirose and Ricuard Koppeu.
The origin of the Royal Botanic Gardens
at Kew, England, will illustrate the j;rowtb.
of most botanic gardens in Great Britain.
The Kew Gardens originated in 175!) ift thu
exotic garden of Lord Cape], which was
purchased by the I'rince of Wales, son of
George 11. They were greatly enlarged by
George 111, hut it was not until IX4O that
they became a national establishment,
when they were annexed to the old deer
park and thrown open to the public.
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
will bring to your cheek the pink of
health, the roses of life. It cleanses the
blood.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
" takes away the surplus bile and leaves
the liver in perfect order. It is a true live*
regulator.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
° acts on the bowels gently. There are
no griping pains, no nauseating feelings.
Women who wish to be regular should use
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It is a bowel
regulator.
QATARRH FOLLOWS IK THE WAKE
of a cold in the head. When you suffer
from Catarrh putyoursysteni in good con-
dition, and this you can do with Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla,
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPAKILLA
" can be used by old or young. Take it
moderately. Remember that moderation
in everything tends to longevity.
56
FATHER YORKE TO
REV. G. C. HUNTING.
The Chancellor on the
Peshitto Version of
the Bible.
THE SYRIAC TONGUE.
This Is the Language in Which
Christ Spoke, Says the
Priest.
ANSWER TO REV. DR, WENDTE.
John S. Hitteil and H. W. Bowman
Contribute Letters to the
Controversy.
Jr. reply to a recent letter in connection
■with the controversy from the Rev. George
C. Hunting of Virginia City, New, and
published in The Call, the Rev. Father
Ycrke writes as follows:
San Fp.anc:*.-o, Jan. IS, 396.
To the Editor of the $a:i J-'rancUco Call— Dear
Sir: All the way from Virginia City the Rev.
George C. Huming has written to prove that
Peter is not the "rock." He claims to have
given the subject "some considerable study"
(whatever that may be), aud therefore we may
expect to find a 'or^nd new and original theory
to break the force of cur Lord"s plain words.
However, his explanation is it old as Protes
tantism. Still it has been so long relegated
by scholars to '-innocuous desuetude" that the
Rev. G. C. Hunting may be pardoned for sup
posing i hat he has made a brilliant discovery.
Mr. Hunting's objection is brought against
the point of the argument which identifies
Petor as the rock: "Thou art Peter, and upon
this rock will I build my church.'' Mr. Hunt
ing claims that our Lord used two words, Pe
tros and Petra, to represent rock in this
passage, and that the change in terminology
was intended to show that the church was not
built upon Peter.
Now, as a matter of fact, tuere is no evidence
to prove that our Lord used these two words.
He did not speak in Greek, as Mr. Hunting
seems to imagine, but in Aramaic or Svriac,
which was the vernacular language of Pales
tine in those days. I have before me now two
editions of the Peshitto or Syriac version of St.
Matthew. These editions are at the service of
any scholar who may care to investigate the
matter. In this version, that is to say in the
languace used by our Lord himself, the sen
tence runs thus:
Aph ena cisar na lakh dant hi Kipha w-al i
hade Kipha ebneh 1-idiy.
"Ana I say r.uto thee that thin art Kepha j
and upon this Kepha I will bui'rt my church." j
When this sentence was turned "into Greek
why were the words chanced? Why was one '
Kipha represented by Fetros ai.d "the other i
Kipha by Pe:ra.' The reason is simple. The I
grammatical strnctnre demanded a change. I
The Greet word for -'rock," Petra, is feminine.
To call tt, Peter a I'etra would to Greek ears
sound as ridiculous as to call him Mary Ann.
Hence to avoid tne incongruity of referring to j
him as "she" the evaneeli.'t gave the name
the masculine termination. Petro-..
But why did he not use Petro? too in the ;
second r.ldce, and thus keep the -words identi- j
cal? The reason is that Petros us a common •
nourj mtans only a piece of rock or a stone. !
Hence in its common use it cou' a not be em- ;
ployed to represent the great rod foundation j
on which Christ intended to bu!ld his church, j
a proper name, however.it stsiUis for Petra,
because in do other way could thoi Greet call a
raan "Petra" than by changing it to Petros.
It is really painful to watch, the devices to
■which those are driven who w«,-uld explain
away the plain meaning of our lord's words.
Let me put in parallel columns what Christ
said and what Mr. Hunting fays he said:
Christ. | G. C IJlcxtixG.
I
I say unto th<»e that: I sar auto the* that
thou art a rock at.d upon thou art strong and on
this rock I will build this confession will I
my church. ;tuild my chnrch.
Why in the name of Cornelius a Lapededoes
he not interpret it at once?
"I say unto thee thou art a rock, and even
though thou art a rock I have not the faintest
intention of building my church upon thee,
but I will build it on something else which
looks like ■. rock."
I -mini Mr. Hunting That "almost
::: Protestant expositor of note"
- the rock.
inclusion I might again remark that the
c very strong when ail who reject
:>e strive so hard to explain it away.
points uni. to St.
-•icy. and were it not that it became
tie reformers to deny that
- ■ i bare ever thought of
'. t-rsen.-f. This is not to interpret the
rely, but it is what St.
Scriptures" to the
uon of r:any. Your.- truly,
P. C. YORKE.
YORKE TO WENDTE.
The Catholic Chancellor's Con
ued Answer to the Uni
tarian Minister.
Writing in answer to Dr. Wendte, the
Rev. Father Yorke says:
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. IS. 1896.— T0 the
Editor of the Call— Dear Sib: Up to the pres
ent, in dealing wit i Dr. Wendte's charges, I
have paid: attention to the arguments based
on the relations between the Pope and tem
poral sovereigns during the period known as
the Middle Apes. My object has been to sepa
rate the theoretical from the historical. I
■wish to lay down those principles which bind
to-day because they always bind, and keep
distinct those principles which arose from a
peculiar condition of affairs and «7hich be
came obsolete when that condition of affairs
passed away.
THE PAGAN EMPIRE AND CHRISTIANITY.
At lie period when Christianity came into
the world the .-.an empire was at the height
of its power. For the first time in history a.
race of organizers had .founded a stable 'do
minion. The Rfman language and the Roman
lsw ruled from the borders of Caledonia to the
cataracts of the Nile. From the pillars of Her
cules to the Euphrates the mcjesty of the Ro
man peace brooded over the earth.
For 300 rears tne church was in conflict with
this great power. It was a foreign supersti
tion. The same calumnies which are circu- :
lated against Catholics to-day were circulated
egainst Christians then. " Whenever the
paean priests saw their temples deserted
they raised the cry that the Nazarenes
were plottin? against the empire. If newspa
pers were published in the days of Diocletian
they would bear a startling 'resemblance to
some of our metropolitan dailies on Monday
mornings when the preachers have epent the
Sabbath in thumping the drum ecclesiastic to
6tir their followers against the errors of Rome.
THE FALL OF THE EMriRE.
In the beginning of the fourth century two
preat events took place. One was the triumph
of Christianity and its official recognition as
the religion of the empire, and the other was
the transference of the seat of government
from Rome to Constantinople. The importance
of this second event was accentuated by
the fact that a tendency to disruption, !
which had already manifested itself was
given fall rein to serve family interests, and the '
great world organization was split in two
That part which had its capital at Constanti
nople was called the Eastern or Greek empire '■
The part which retained Italy and France and i
Spain was known as the Western or Latin !
pi re.
This latter portion, however, was menaced
by many and powerful enemies. From out of i
the marshes and forests of the north poured
triDe after tribe of barbarians. Whole nations I
forsook their ancient seats and swarmed like
bees on to the fertile regions of the youth.
Great chiefs led their hardy soldiers to the I
loot of cities where generations of peace had
Ftored untold wealth. Rome herself
that for generations had never i-cen a '
foreign foe at her gates was given up to
plunder. A score of kings paraded- their petty
dignities where once the decrees of the senate
were the only law, and toward the end of the
tilth century an insolent Goth dethroned the
last Emperor and Sent the useless insignia of
the empire to Constantinople as a sign that in
the west that empire, was no more.
THE CONDITION OF EfEOPE.
As we read of these occurrences in history
we find it very hard to realise what it ail
meant to the people who lived then. Let us
suppose that these United States have
existed for over 400 years, and that
their power has been extended even
to Patagonia. Let us suppose that enervated
I by luxury our people have lost their manli
! ness and that the Government has been grow
, ing every day more corrupt and more helpless.
Then imagine that from some inaccessible
' quarter of the far north tribe after tribe of
, Indians descends upon the States, wasting
j lands and cities with tire and sword. To pro
tect itself tne Government withdraws from
Washington to Buenos Ayres and abandons
the original territory to the invaders. Let us
then picture to ourselves what the condition of
this country would be thus delivered over to
sanguinary and ignorant savages and we may
> gain an idea of the state of Europe after the
, downfall of the empire of the West.
Charles J. Stille, in his studies in medieval
i history, gives the following graphic descrip
! tion of Europe after the barbarian invasion:
The general view of the middle aces would be
that of a stream fed from distant sources— at first
a torrent, bursting from the forests of Germany,
sweeping onward, so violent In it* fury and so
overwhelming in its force as for a time to destroy
all trace of tne work of civilized man, and then,
long after, reappearing swollen by its tributaries,
a.- a mighty river, bearing upon its placid and
! ample bosom blessings of peace and comfort to
those ho dwell upon its shores. Again, the
general aspect of Kurope during the middle ages Is
that of a violent conflict, a struggle, not
merely between the barbarian tribes and the
legions at imperial Rome, and of these tribes with
each other, but also a constant struggle of opposing
ideas for the mastery— of the Teuton against the
: Roman, of the north of Europe ncalusi the south,
! of Christianity against heathenism, of a savagery
: which has been compared to that of the North
American Indians with the highest form of civili
; ration then known to the world. In the midst of
such terrible birth-throes modern civilization Is
brought into the world, and. unlike any other
civilization in history, it owes Us peculiarities and ,
its characteristic strength to this violent conflict of
opposing forces of which it is the resultant.
THE MISSION OF THE CHUKCH.
The barbarians, as we have seen, made short
work of me civil and material authority of the
empire, but they met an authority which
stopped them in their full career. The Chris
tian church had in spite of persecution from
without and of laxity within been spreading
itself all over the world. The words of Christ
| constituting Peter the rock made him and his
successors the center of unity. Even during
j the lifetime of St. John we find Clement, the
I fourth Pope, exercising the pontifical au
i thority. Century after century as heresy and
schism arose the Popes stood out clearer r.nd
clearer as the "confirmers of the brethren"
' and the preservers of union. When, therefore,
' the barbarians overthrew the civil govern
ment of the Romans they found themselves
; confronted with a spiritual government, the
■ church, whose head resided in the ancient J
: scat of empire — Eternal City— Rome.
Then began that wonderful drama known as
; the conversion of the barbarians. From Rome,
I as from a center, went out brave and holy men
and preached Christ to the gentiles. Patrick
: evangelized Ireland, Augustine convex ted
| England, Boniface gave his life for Germany,
I the Irish monks poured into Scotland, into
; France, into Switzerland, aye, even into Italy,
i and everywhere formed a new people for the ]
: church. Warriors who knew no law but their ;
! own wills were turned aside by the gaze of an !
unarmed monk. Savages to whom might
was right were compelled to bend their
i knee before the figure of a man
whose enemies nailed him to a
tree. Kings burned what they had adored and
adored what they had burned at the bidding
; of bishops who had neither earthly power nor
j earthly influence to enforce their commands.
i In a word, tha men who had broken the civil |
i arid military power of the empire to pieces
; were themselves conquered by a religion which j
is mightiest when it seems most weak.
At a time when civil society properly so :
called did not exist, it is not surprising that ;
there was much confusion between the spirit- :
ual and the temporal. The bishops were rec- i
ognized by kings and people not only as rulers j
in the church, but they were invested I
with secular jurisdiction. We must re- j
member that the commonwealth, such I
as it was, was professedly Christian, The foun- !
dations of law, of justice, of authority, had been !
laid again in the name of Christ and by the |
hands of Christ's ministers. This point we
should never forget, that the preservation of !
Europe from barbarism, from ignorance, from
anarchy, is the wort of the Catholic church.
At the head of the church stood the bishops j
of Rome. In later days men have blamed the
Popes because they attained such a command
ing position. But as Newman say?, their role
was forced upon them by the very logic of
events:
The progress of concentration waa not the work
of the Pope; it was brought about by the change
of times and the vicissitudes of nations. It was
Dot his fault that the Vandals swept away the
African sees and the Saracens those of Syria and
Asia Minor, or that, Constantinople "and its
dependencies became the creatures of im
perialism, or that France, l.nziand an.l Ger
many would obey none but the author of
their own Christianity, or that clergy and people
at a distance were obstinate in sheltering
themselves under the majesty of Rome against
their own fierce Kings and nobles or imperious
P. shops, even to the imposing of forgeries on the
world and on the Pope In justification of their pro
ceedings. All this will be {act whether the Popes
were ambitious or not; and still il will be fact
that the issue of that great change was a great ben
efit to the whole of Europe. No one but a Master,
who was a thousand Bishops in himself at once,
could have timed and controlled, as the Pope did,
the great and the little tyrants of the middle age.
3. This is generally confessed now, even by
Protestant historians, vis., that the concentration
of ecclesiastical power in those centuries was sim
ply necessary for the civilization of Europe. Of
course, it does not follow that the benefits ren
dered them to the European commonwealth by
the political supremacy of the Pope would, if he
was still supreme, be rendered in time to com".
I have no wish to make assumptions, yet conclu
sions short of this will be unfavorable to Mr.
Gladstone's denunciation of him. We reap the
fruit at -this day of his services in the past. With
the purpose of showing this I make a rather long
extract from Dean Milrnan's '-Latin Christian
ity." He is speaKing of the era of Gregory I, and
he says the papacy "was the only power which lay
not entirely and absolutely prostrate before the
disasters of the times— a power which had an In
herent strength and might resume its majesty. It
was this power which was most imperatively re
quired to preserve all which wts to survive out of
the crumbling wreck of Roman civilization.
To Western Christianity was absolutely necessary
a center, standing alone, strong In traditionary
reverence acd in acknowledged claims to suprem
acy. Even the perfect organization of the Chris
tian hierarchy might. in all human probability,
have falleu to pieces in perpetual conflict : it might
have degenerated into a half secular feudal caste,
with hereditary beneficies more and more
entirely subservient to the civil authority,
a priesthood of each nation, or of each
tribe, gradually sinking to the intellectual
or religious level of the nation or tribe. On the rise
of a power both controlling and conservative hang,
humanly speaking, the life and death of Christi
anity as a permanent, aggressive, expansive, and,
to a certain extent, uniform system. There must
be a counter-balance to barbaric force, to the una
voidable anarchy of Teutonisro. with Us tribal, or
at the utmost national dependence, ■ forming
a host of small, conflicting, antagonistic
kingdoms. All Kurope would have been
what England was under the Octarchy, what
Germany was when her Emperors were weak; and
even her Emperors she owed to Rome, to the
church, to Christianity. Providence might have
been otherwise ordained; but it is impossible for a
man to Imagine by what other organizing or con
solidating force the commonwealth of the Western
nations could have grown up to a discordant, in
deed, and conflicting league, but still a league,
with that unity and conformity of manners,
usages, laws, religions, which have made their
rivalries, oppugnancles, and even their long,
ceaseless wars, on the whole to issue In the
noblest, highest, most intellectual form of civiliza
tion known to man. It is impossible to conceive
what had been the confusion, the lawlessness, the
chaotic state of the middle aces, without the
medieval papacy; and of the medieval papacy the
real father is Gregory the Great. In all his prede
cessors there was much of the uncertainty and in
definiteness of a new dominion— is the
Roman altogether mereed in the Christian Bishop.
It is a Christian dominion, of which he lays the
foundations In the Eternal City, not the old Rome,
associating Christian influence to her ancient title
of sovereignty."
THE NEW EMPIRE.
At the end of the eighth century Europe was
united in religion, but in civil affairs it was
divided into warring kingdoms. The example,
however, of an undivided church was insen
sibly leading the minds of men to a longing for
an undivided state. The memories of the old
empire had not passed away. Men looked to it
still as the noon of government. They remem
bered how it had spread all over the world and
had given the nations peace. When, therefore,
Charlemagne had obtained possession of the
old dominions of the Empire of the West it
was but the logical sequence of events
that he should assume the imperial
crown. That crown was bestowed upon
him by the Pope, but by what right
no one then cared to ask. All fiurope accepted
the lact that it was now organized in tem
porals under the Emperor; in spirituals under
the Pope. It was to be henceforth a great
Christian commonwealth. Men knew nothing
about our modern theories of church and
state. Their Ideas of thines were as different
from ours as they possibly could be. They
builded according to their own plans, and we,
who believe in popular sovereignty, have no
right to quarrel with their efforts.
FEUDALISM.
After the death of Charlemagne the empire
which he had built up was delivered over to
anarchy. His successors were too feeble to
wield his scepter and new barbarians poured
down from the north. Then grew up the sys
tem known as feudalism. Its origin is lost in
obscurity.but the traits which distinguished it
in its supremacy can be traced in the manners
and customs of the Teutonic tribes which
invaded the Roman empire. The essen
tial features of feudalism may be summed
op m the statement that the land of a
country was bestowed by the supreme
ruler on individuals who in return contracted
to perform certain services to the grantor, gen
erally of a military kind. These original
grantees subdivided the land to othen on
similar conditions. Thus a thoroughly graded
hierarchy grew up, beginning with the king
and ending with the smallest landholder,
which was intended to secure protection and
safety on the one side and loyalty, allegiance
and stipulated service on the "other.
"This system," says Stille, "it must be re
membered, was no ingenious and speculative
device, as it has often been represented, to re
duce the population of those countries living
under its slavery; but it was eagerly adopted
by those who had an interest in the preserva
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
lion of order, not merely as a method of
counteracting the anarchy which then threat
ened the overthrow of ail sett'ed society, but
also, and especially, as the only effectual
method at repelling the armed Invasion of the
barbarians, and especially of the Northmen,
which began again shortly after the death
of Charlemagne. In one sense the feudal
system was an endeavor to combine military
efficiency with the spirit of independence on
the part of the chiefs which was so character
istic of the German warriors in their native
lands. The object, now, however, of the rulers
—the immediate object— was defense of their
homes, not to send out. expeditions such as
those undertaken in the campaigns under
Charlemagne. We shall see that, as a
system, the feudal form of government,
arbitrary and oppressive as we may
think it, was in the beginning a necessity
of the time. One of the best proofs
that it was such is found in its universal adop
tion throughout Europe. Not only land but
other kinds of property, even offices in church
and state, were held in fief with a view to
protection. We must remember that after the
death of Charlemagne there existed for a long
time no public authority in Europe strong
enough to maintain order through
out a large territory, and that each
chief, who hid formerly been, perhaps,
under the rule of the great Emperor, a
firm supporter of his system and authority,
now freed from his control, sought only to in
crease his own lands and power. The result
was a perpetual reign of terror, a constant
struggle for those objects where might made
right, the end of which was the survival of the
strongest and during which the successful pur
suit of the arts of peace became impossible— a
condition of things which if continued clearly
foreshadowed a relapse into barbarism."
THE POPE AXD THE EMPEROR.
Let us always bear in mind that the imperial
and feudal constitution of Europe was a sys
tem of universal government as distinct as our
Federal and State system. The limits of the
I various authorities were not as clearly de
lineated as by our constitution, but then we
are the heirs oi all the ages, and the men of
I old were struggling toward the better things.
But as far as it went it was a system or govern
ment with its own laws, customs, rights and
i duties. Therefore, when we judge of the ac
: tions of Popes who lived under that system
laud who had a definite place in it, we must
judge them not in the lignt of our day, but in
the light of a civil polity which was univer
sally accepted in the middle age.
And in the first place let us consider in the
words of Freeman that "The theory of the
■medeval empire is that of an universal
Christian monarchy. The Roman Empire and
I the Catholic church are two aspects of the one
society. At the head of this society in its
temporal character as an empire stands' the
temporal chief of Christendom, the Roman
\ Caesar; at its head, in its spiritual character as
i a church, stands the spiritual chief of christen-
I dom, the Roman Pontiff."
Now, by the consent of Christendom, it was
j necessary that the Emperor should be a Chris
! tian—a member of the church. When he was
! excommunicated he ceased to be a member of
I the church, and his subjects considered that
j they were released from their bonds of al
■ legiance. The rope, the supreme head of
i the church, formally declared that the Em
i peror was or was not a member of the church,
and hence came what is technically known as
i the deposing power, or the power of" absolving
I subjects from their oaths of fealty.
| On this provision of the medeaval constitu
; tion of Europe let me remark that it is analo
• gous to the provision of our constitution, which
| requires that a State shall maintain a republi
can form of government. As long as the State
| of California cleaves to the republican system
! the President cannot interfere; but if she
I should attempt to establish a monarchy
I the United States Government would take
; measures to prevent the success of such
lan undertaking. Much in the same
I way it was the constitution of meaeval
I Europe that the emperor should be a Chris
! tian. As long as he was a Christian and lived
j like a Christian the Pope had no power over
! him. But once he rendered himself liable by
crime to excommunication, the Pope had
I power to declare him expelled from the church
| and unworthy of the support of Christians.
Let us remark, too, that this system lasted
only as long as the peoples wished it to last.
When we read of Hildebrand and Innocent re
buking Emperors and Kings and bringing
ihem to terms, we make a mistake if we look
upon these Popes as the masters of legions.
; They had no temporal resources worth noticing.
1 The legions were at the call of their enemies.
' Gregory was driven a fugitive before the armies
!of the Emperor and he died in exile. Yet
Gregory triumphed. And why? He had the
people with him. They believed in upholding
their constitution, and when the Emperor
i broke that constitution and the Pope pro
! claimed the fact the people brought their chief
to terms.
When, therefore, after the Crusades the sen
timent of nationality grew stronger and Europe
began to take the form it now holds the old
constitution was neglected. Consequently we
i find the people no longer supporting the Pop 3,
and consequently, too, we find the deposing
po»ver as it was exercised in the middle ages
repudiated by Catholics.
A QUOTATION GARBLED.
As I am on this point I may as well call at-
I tention to another characteristic misrepre-
I sentation of those who attack the church. One
of the knights of the scissors said in a recent
letter:
"The following from an address delivered by
Pope Pius IX., of infallibility fame, July 21,
1573, is pertinent:
There are many errors regarding infallibility;
but the most malicious of all is that which Includes
I in that dogma the rfgbt of deposing sovereigns,
and declaring the people no longer bound by the
obligation of fidelity. This right has cow and
a:a:n. in critical circumstances, been exercise.! by
the Pontiffs. * * * Its origin was not the infal
libility, but the authority of the Pope.
Let me say that this address was delivered
on July 20, 1871, and the true text is as
follows:
"Among all other errors that is malicious
above all, which would attribute to the In
fallibility of the Pope the right of deposing
I sovereigns and of absolving people from the
I obligation of allegiance.
'•This right without doubt has been exercised
j by the Supreme Pontiffs from time to time in
extreme cases, but it has nothing to do with
! the Pontifical Infallibility; neither does it flow
| from the infallibility but from the authority of
i the Pontiff."
Now this is the portion of the address which
j the champions of American institutions
i suppress.
••Moreover, the exercise of this right in these
! apes of faith which respected in the Pope that
j which he is— that is to say, the Supreme Court
of Christendom, and recognized the benefit of
his tribunal in the great contentions of
peoples and of sovereigns, was freely extended
by the just aid of public jurisprudence and the
common consent of nations to the greatest in
terests of states and their rulers." Let these
fair-minded "Americans" now mark what
follows :
"But altogether different are the conditions
of the present time from the conditions of
those ages. Malice alone can confound things
so diverse."
That is to say, the Pope recognizes that the
old constitution of Christian Europe passed
away long ago and the powers once given the
Pope by the consent of the peoples are no
longer claimed.
THE POPE AND FEUDALISM.
The essential feature of feudalism is, as I
have said, that a man constitutes a more pow
erful person his protector by promising feudal
service. Now, during the middle ages it was
customary for weaker Princes to promise
feudal service to the Pope in the expectation
of gaining his protection.
Now, whether it was wise or not for the
Pope to accept this service I do not care to dis
cuss here. I wish to draw attention merely to
the fact. The advantages gained therefrom
were entirely on the King's side. The Pope
never received anything but the customary in
significant tokens of feudal homage. Still they
were bound to help and protect their feuda
tories, and the giving of this h^lp and protec
tion was the cause of half the quarrels of the
middle ages.
But this relation was entirely political and
had nothing whatsoever to do with the Pope's
spiritual character. It ceased to exist when
feudalism was abolished, and there is as much
chance of reviving it now as there is of resusci
tating the mummy of Rameses.
A clear understanding of these two great
facts in the constitution of the States of the
middle ages will explain all the charges
which are brought against the church to-day,
because of the actions of certain Popes. These
actions were lawful, because they were pro
vided for in the civil laws of the time and were
received by the people. They would not be
lawful to-day, because the conditions of the
middle ages have passed away and these ex
traordinary powers nave passed with them.
- P. 0. York*.
BOWMAN TO YORKE.
The A. P. A. Editor Advances More
Arguments In Support of His
Contentions.
The following letter, addressed to The
Call, is self-explanatory:
Editor San Francisco Call— Dear Sir: The
sudden development in almost incredible
numbers all over the country oi that un
known quantity called the A. P. A. has
awakened a widespread alarm in the Roman
Catholic Church, and attracted the general
attention ot the press, both secular and relig
ious. With eager scrutiny the politicians are
watching whatever can be seen of this new
and singular movement with regard to its
bearing upon the current politics of the coun
try, ready to trim their sails to whatever
breezes its progress may awaken. Thinking
Americans are asking, What are the objects
of this unheralded organization, which is
sweeping this land like the shadow of an
eclipse? How came it into existence? Are
there any potent reasons for the existence of
such an organization— while the general
public are acquainted with the fact that
it aims directly at restricting and
countervailing the aggressive power ot the
Romish hierarchy in our civil, political and
educational particularly as related to
our public school system— it is not so fully
known that Rome has organized her hordes
for the suDjugation of our country. The A.
P. A. was born of necessity. It was not begotten
of bigotry, and born of hate, as Rome claims;
but, contrarywise, it was begotten of pat
riotism, hence is the legitimate child of
Americanism. Romanism is the open foe of
the American Republic. By Jesuitical craft
and political intrigue it has"sought to under
mine our constitutional liberties. It has
attempted to muzzle the press, gag the pulpit
and silence the platform. It has made an !
aggressive assault upon our public school sys- !
tern. It has attempted to Romanize our schools I
by having nuns for teachers. It has sought
their destruction by clamoring for State funds
to run their sectarian schools. 1 1 has plundered
the State and National treasuries of millions
of dollars for sectarian purnoses It has tried
to unite church and state.* It has maintained
principles contrary to those of this Republic.
It has denied the right of free speech and the
liberty of worship guaranteed to us by the con
stitution. The A. P. A. come before the Ameri
can people and make the following declara
tion :
No devout Roman Catholic can |bo a true
American citizen.
In order for me to prove this charge it will
be necessary to expose the principles of
Romanism, which are in conflict with Ameri
can principles.
First— Political principles: Romanists owe
their first allegiance to the Pope of Rome. For
thirteen centuries the Popes have interfered
in the political affairs of nations, and all de
vout Papists have sided with the Pope and
against the Government. Below we submit
some of the authoritative statements of Romish
writers. De Pratt says:
"The Pope commands subjects on the terri
tory of all sovereigns. If the whole world were
Catholic the Pope would command the whole
world." Bellarmine observes :
The first opinion Is: That the Pope, by divine
right, has supreme power over the whole world,
both in ecclesiastical and civil affairs. This Is the
opinion of Panormitanus, Hostieasis, Silvester and
many others.
It is not right for Christians (Romanists) to tol
erate a heretical King if he endeavors to draw
away his subjects to heresy.
In support of this opinion the Cardinal !
counts seventy eminent Romish authors.
Augustine Triumphus says:
"It is an error not to believe that the Roman
Pontiff is |. as tor of the universal church, the suc
cessor of Peter, the Vicar of Christ, and that he
hath no: universal supremacy over temporal and
spiritual matters."
Saysßlasias:
The Pope is the only vicar of God: his power is i
over all the world. pagan as well as Christian: the
only vicar of God who has supreme power and em
pire over all kings and princes of the earth.
Muscovius says:
The Pope is universal judge: he is king of kings I
and lora of lords. All other powers are his subjects.
Maynardus writes:
Magistrates are the Pope' 3 subjects. The Pope
has power in the whole world in temporals and
spirituals.
Bossuet declare?:
All things are submitted to the keys of St. Peter—
all kings, people, shepherds and flocks.
The following tenets of canon law explain
his power:
The Pope has the right to give countries and na
tions which are non-Catholic to Catholic regents,
who can reduce them to slavery. The Pope can
make slaves of those Christian subjects whose
prince or ruling power is interdicted by the Pope.
The Pope has the right to annul .-tate laws, treat
ies, constitutions, etc. : to absolve from obedience
thereto, as soon as they seem detrimental to the
rights of the church or those of the clergy. The i
Pope possesses the right of admonishing, and, if i
needs be, of punishing: the temporal rulers, em. i
perors and kings, as well as of drawing before the
spiritual forum any casein which a mortal sin oc- |
curs. The Pope has the right to absolve from oaths j
and obedlece to the persons and the laws of the j
princes whom he excommunicates. The Pope can
release from every obligation, oath, tow, either be
fore or after being made.
Cardinal Manning, in a printed sermon, says : i
Why should the Holy Father touch any matters
in politics at all? For this plain reason, because
politics are a port of morals. Politics are morals
on the widest scale.
Pope Pius IX asserted to himself the right to
annul constitutions and laws of certain coun- |
tries, viz.: New Grenada in 1852, of Mexico
in 1556, of Spain 1855 and of Austria in 1863. !
See Acerbissimum, September 27,1352; Nun- j
guam Fore, December 15, 1556; Nemo Vest
rum, July 24, 1555; AUocutio Nunquam
Certe, June 22, l^t>3.
Pope Leo claims the same power, as the fol
j lowing article will prove:
We command all whom it concerns to recog
nize in you (Francisco satolll), as Apostolic Able
(fate, the supreme power ot" the delegating Pontiff. !
We command that they give you aid, concurrence <
and obedience in all things: that they receive with
reverence your salutary admonitions and orders.
Whatever sentence or penalty you shall duly de
clare or inflict against those who oppose our au
thority we will ratify, and, with the authority
given us by the Lord, will cause to be observed in
violably until condign satisfaction be made; * * *
notwithstanding constitutions and apostolic ordi
nances or other to the contrary. [Extract, from the
encyclical of Pope Leo XIII to the papal clergy in
the United States, January 24, 1892.]
Vicar-General Preston, in a sermon preached i
in New York in 1888, spoke most plainly on !
this subject. He declared:
Kvery word Leo speaks from his chair Is the I
voice of the Holy Ghost, and mast be obeyed. To
every Catholic heart comes no thought but obedi
ence. It is said that politics is not within the
province of the church, and that thechurch has
only jurisdiction In matters of faith. You say, '-I j
will receive my faith from the Pontiff, but i will j
not receive my politics from him." This assertion '
Is disloyal and unfaithful. You must not think ad
you choose; you must think as Catholics. The j
man who says, "I will take my faith from Peter, i
but I will not take my politics from Peter." |
Is not a true Catholic. The church teaches that '
the supreme Pontiff must be obeyed because he :
is the vicar of the Lord: Christ speaks through i
him.
The Pope, in an encyclical in 1864, men
tioned several errors of our times, among
which he specified this:
The church has not the power of availing herself \
of force, or any direct or indirect temporal power.
Dr. Brownson, in his Review in 1864, frankly i
said:
Undoubtedly it Is the Intention of the Pope to
possess this country. In this Intention he Is aided '
by the Jesuits and all the Catholic prelates and
priests.
The great historian Froude, who has lately j
passed away, has given his view of the great |
danger of our Nation. 1 give a passage from i
his pen, which should be pondered:
Every true Catholic Is bound io think and net as '
the priest tells him, and a. republic of true Catholics
becomes a theocracy administered by the clergy.
it is only as long a* they are in a small minority
that they can be loyal subjects under such a con- I
stitution as the American. As their numbers grow i
they will assert their principles, then the power,
and the constitution will be gone. A Catholic ma- j
jority under spiritual direction will forbid liberty I
of worship, and will try to forbid liberty of con
science. It will control education; it will put the
press under surveillance; it will punish opposition
with excommunication, and excommunication will |
be attended with civil disabilities.
To illustrate the attitude of modern Roman
ists in their divided allegiance between the j
Pope and the Government, we will cite the fol- ;
lowing facts. In 1843 Daniel OConnell said:
I declare my most unequivocal submission to
the head of the Church, and to the hierarchy in
Its different orders. If the Bishops would make a i
declaration on this bill, I never would be heard i
speaking against it. bnt would submit at once, un- j
equivocally, to that decision. They have only to '
decide and they clog* my mouth. They have only j
to determine, ana I obey. I wish It to be understood
that such is the duty of all Catholics.
An English paper, the Catholic Vindicator,
made the Romanist's duty clear in these words: :
We would not hesitate to tell the Queen to her j
face that she must either be content with this
divided allegiance, or none at all; for It is per
fectly certain that we shall never do otherwise i
than strictly obey the sovereign Pontiff, whoever
may presume to forbid.
The attitude of Papists on the school ques
tion shows that the claim of only spiritual
authority for the Pope in the United States
rests upon a falsehood. The present inter
ference of the Pope is upon schools for educa
tion. The establishment of the schools is a |
civil matter. Teaching children to read and
write is a civil matter. The appointment of 1
of what books shall be read in schools
is a civil matter. It is as secular men
that patrons of the schools prescribe the
course of studies. Suppose they introduce an
offensive history, as has been done, into the j
schools, the Pope has nothing to do with it.
It is a matter of civil and domestic arrange
ment, with which no power, civil or sacred,
outsido the Republic, has a right to inter
meddle. Yet Pope Leo has intermeddled— j
priests and Bishops have objected to various
books used in our schools and set aside the
laws of the land in obedience to the mandates
of the Pope. In a book entitled "Catholics I
and Education" the following statement is !
made:
If they leave It (education) to the States sepa
rately. Catholics in several of them are already a
powerful minority, daily increasing in strength t
and numbers, and will soon be strong enough to j
force the State Legislatures to clve them their I
proportion of the public schools supported at the I
public expense. (.Pa*:* 105.)
The Roman ratholic citizen of the United States i
; owes no allegiance to any principle of the Govern
ment which Is condemned by the church or Pope. !
(H. c. Tablet.)
If allegiance to the church demanded of us op
position to political principles adopted by our civil
government, we should not hesitate to obey the
church. (Catholic World.
we are purely and simply Catholics, and profess
our unreserved allegiance to the church, which
taues precedence or, and gives the rule to our al
legiance to the State. (Catholic World.)
■Such declarations and such principles are in
direct conflict with American principles. If
politics constitute the only religion of Rome,
then this is a religious controversy ; but if not,
then it is a political discussion on the ground
of political expediency. The A. P. A. Is not or
ganized to combat religious worship, but per
nicious political principles. Let Priest Yorkc
face the issue and define the true attitude of
Rome on the school question.
Second — The principles of honor underlying
the profession of loyalty to the state. The Re
vised Statutes of the United States declare:
The alien seeding citizenship must make oath to
renounce forever all allegiance and fidelity to any
foreign prince, potentate, state or sovereignty, in
particular that, to which he has been subject.
The obligation of the oath of allegiance to
the United States by a foreign Papist can be
measured by the following teachings of the
Church of Rome upon oath::.
I "No oaths are to be kept if they are against
the interests of the Church of Rome."— Corpus
I Juris Canouici, Leipsic cd. 1839, p. 1159.
"Subjects are by no authority bound to ob
serve the fealty which they swear to a Chris
tian prince who withstands God and the
faints, and their precepts."— PoDe Urban II
(anno 1088.1— [Corpus Juris Canon a Petro
Pittseo et Francisco, Vol. 1, Paris. 1695.]
"None should keep faith with the person who
opposes God and his saints."— Pope Gregory
IX. [Decretals Greg. IX, Vol. 1, p. 648.]
Pope Innocent 111, 1215, "freed all that were
Dound to those who had fallen into heresy
from all fealty, homage and obedience."—[Mid
dle Ages, Hallam, p. 295.] "Engagements
made with heretics, or schismatics of this Kind,
after such have been consummated, are incon
siderate, illegal and in law itself are of i;o
importance, even if confirmed by an oath or
one's honor being pledged." — Urban VI,
1378. "Civil contracts, promises or oaths of
Catholics with heretics, because they are
heretics, may be dissolved by the Pontiff."—
Pope Innocent X.
The third council of Lateran called "an oath
contrary to ecclesiastical utility not an oath,
but a perjury." Gregory IX inserted this
decretal of the Lateran council in his decretals.
V 01.2, page 358.
Here are some extracts from the canon law:
"An oath contrary to the utility of the church
is not to be observed." —{Vol. 2, p. 358, decretal
Gregory IX, lib. 2, tit. 24, cap. 27, Leipsic,
1839.] ■ ■
Again this canon law says : "These are to be
called perjuries rather than oaths which are
attempted against ecclesiastical utility." Ibid.
"You are not bound by an oath of this kind,
but, on the contrary, you are freely bid God
speed in standing up against kings for the
rights and honors of that church and even in
I legislatively defending your own peculiar
privileges." [Decrct. Greg. IX, lib. 2, tit. 24, cap. !
31, vol. 2. p. 380.1
The celebrated Romish writer, Cajetan, says:
"The sentence of excommunication "for
apostasy from the faith is no sooner pro
nounced against a king than in fact his sub-
I jects are freed from his dominion on oath."
"When a kin? is excommunicated for apos-
I tasy his vassals are, in fact, immediately freed
from his dominion and from their oath of
fealty, for a heretic cannot govern the faith
fal."— Thomas Aquinas.
Now we submit some facts for patriots to
! ponder.
Fact No. I.— The canon law of the Roman
church is still binding upon all Romanists.
All of the constitutions, decretals, bulls and
canons are accepted as of infallible authority.
Every priest and Bishop in the United states
swears that he will defend and support the
Pope's regali, that is the sovereign pretensions
of the Popes and their successors. We will
give some clauses in the Bishop's oath show
ing their allegiance to a foreign power:
Papatum Romanum et' I will help them to de-
Regalia Sancti Petrl ad- fend the Roman Papacy
jutorcisero ad defenden-;and the royalties of St.
dura, salvo meo online, Peter, saving my order,
contra omnem homi- against all men.
Dean. j
Jura boneres,prlvlle/ja, : The rights. honors priv
et auctoritatem. sauctze: lieges and authority of
Bo in use Ecclesiae,|the holy Roman Catholic
Domini Nostri Papre et church of our Lord the
Buceesaorum pnedlc-Pope and fore3aid suc
torum, conservare, de- cessors, I will endeavor
fendere, anßere, pro- to preserve, defend, in
movere cnraba crease and advance.
ReEulas Sanctorum The rules of the holy
Patrum, decreta, ordina- fathers, the apostolical
tion»s, sendmpositiones. decrees, ordinances or
reservationes, prpvi disposals, reservations,
slones, et mandata provisions and mandates,
Apostolica tolls virlbusjl will observe with alj
cbservabo, et faciam atHmy ml?ht and cause to
aliis observari. ;be observed by others.
Ego, Peter C. Yorkej I, Peter C. Yorke [If he
electus Ecclfisire San 'were made a Bishop],
Francisco ab hac horu in elect of the church of
antea ridelis, et obediens Sen Francisco, from
ero Beato Petro Apos- henceforward will be
tolo, sanct:eque Ro- faithful and obedient to
man:e P>clesia?, et Dom-|the blessed Peter the
Ino 2>ostro. Leo XII I, j Apostle, to the holy Ro-
Papae suisque successor- '•■ man church and to our
ibus canonlce Intrant!-! Lord Leo XIII, the Pope,
bus. I and his successors canon
ically coining in.
Thus every bishop is forced to promise fealty
to the Pope, and that fealty (fldeiitas) is de
tined hy ancient writers as the allegiance that
a good subject owes to his prince. What are
the royalties of St. Peter that they promise to
support and defend 7 I will quote from
Baronius' Annals:
PolHlcum principal There can be no
tnm sacerdotall esse sub- doubt that the political
jectum nuila potest esse ; power Is subject to the
dutjituUo. j sacerdotal.
Hence it is the duty of priests and bishops to
bring the temporal power under subjection to
the spiritual. In the bull of Pope Sixtus V
against Henry, King of Navarre, it is said:
The authority given to St. Peter and his succes
sors by the Immense power of the eternal King
| excels all the rowers of earthly kings and princes.
We deprive them and their posterity forever of
their dominions and kingdoms. By the authority
of these presents we do absolve and set free all
' persons, as well jointly as severally, from any
: such oath, and from all allegiance whatever. In re
gard to dominion, fealty and obedience; and do
j charge and forbid all and every of them that
I they do not dare to obey them, or any of their art
! monitions, laws and commands.— Bulla Siitl V.
; contr. Henry Navarre, etc.
Pope Leo has the same power, or he has
I not. Either the Popes have transgressed the
limits of their power, or they have not. It is
trie duty of Romanists to obey the Pope in such
cases, or it is not. Either the canon law of
Rome is a fallible piece of legislation and may
beset aside with impunity, or else it is of
binding force to-day, and all Romanists are
under obligations to believe and obey it.
Either the Church of Rome, as represented by
her Popes and councils, has erred and proved
herself fallible, or Peter C. Yorte must hold
that the chair of the President is subject to
the crosier of the priest, and the decrees of the
Vatican more or Peter C. Yorke must hold
: the chair of the President Is subject to
crosier of the priest, and the decrees of the
ican of more force than those of Congress.
There is no medium. I put him upon either
horn of the dilemma; if be will not stick on
one I will pitch him upon the other. He must
either admit that his church, as represented by
Popes and General Councils, has failed— has
decreed and pronounced what is inconsistent
with the Catholic laith, as It is injurious to the
rights of nations, the power of sovereigns, and
to be repudiated by him and every loyal Roman
Catholic citizen, or he must stand by his prin
ciples and acknowledge himself prepared to
sene the spiritual sword of Rome, and to make
the temporal sword of the United Stages sub
ject and obedient to it.
Pope Boniface VIII has this decree in the
canon law:
One sworJ must be under the other sword, and
temporal authority must be subject to spiritual
power. ♦ * * /Whence, if the earthly authority
go wrong, it sftall be judged by the spiritual.
— [Extrav. Lomm., p. 1159.]
If Romanists adhere to their established
maxim, established not by private men but by
public council, that "No faith is to be kept
with heretics," then they can give no assurance
of allegiance to our Government. Their oaths
are not binding, their pledges are null, their
assurances void. The Pope can dispense
from all oaths and make them null and
void. The power of aispensing with an
oath, vow or promise is one branch
of the spiritual power of the Pope, and all who
acknowledge his spiritual power must ac
knowledge this. But. to grant this power to the
Pope is to make your oath of allegiance to the
Government invalid. If the priest can pardon
all sins he can pardon both perjury and high
treason; hence, the Romanist may declare his
allegiance at one time, and break it at another,
under plea of ecclesiastical utility.
In a tuture contribution we will give some
more reasons why the A. P. A. opposes Roman
ism. H. W, Bowman.
MR. HITTELL'S REPLY.
The Author of the "Spirit of the
Papacy" Takes Exception to
Father Yorke's Charge of
Forgery.
The following communication, by Mr.
Hittell, in reply to Father Yorke, has been
cent to The Call:
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Dear
Sir: In the communications of the Rev. Mr.
I Wendte and the Rev. Father Yorke, published
! in your columns this morning, I am called
upon to verify some quotations in my "Spirit of
the Papacy ' from St. Thomas Aquinas and In
! noeent 111, to prove that the Popes claimed
I temporal jurisdiction over national govern
i ments. In his characteristic way Father Yorke
says of these quotations; "Hittell has been
guilty of forgery." It this judgment hurts its
I author lass than it does me in a community
! wnere I have lived more than forty years, I
i should be the object of his pity rather ihan the
victim of his scurrility.
j The doctrine of Aquinas is that "the power
j of all temporal princes derives its strength and
| solely from the spiritual power of the
j ropes, and I refer to Boellineer, "Fables Re
■ specting the Popes of the Middle Ages" (Eng
llsa translation), page 153. I might haveeited
also Gregorovius' "History of Medieval Rome"
in German, page 117. vol. VI. I did not reier to
the Latin of Aquinas, because the book i« rare
and the general readers for whom my treatise
was, mteu-led could not verify theaccuracv of
my citation. My forgery consists in quoting
word for word, from Doellinger in the English
In regard to the language of Innocent 111 I
"ted Wanus" page 133; it should have been
ii><. Has book, DoelliugerandGreeorovius, all
6tand very high among scholars. The super
national claims of Gregory VII, Gregory ix
Gregory X and Paul IV are plainly stated in
"Janus."
Let it be remembered that these declarations
of Aquinas and Innocent 111 are relatively in
significant matters; the main facts are the
actions in which such ideas were illustrated.
Looking more to what the Popes did than to
what they said, we find that" they published
bulls deposing more than a dozen different
sovereigns, including some of England, France,
Germany, Naples, Hungary and Bavaria; that
they required half a dozen different sovereigns
to do homage a^ vassals to the papacy; that
they repeatedly issued bulls nullifying treaties,
national constitutions and national laws,
and that the history of every century since the
crusades abounds with acts which imply the
claim of authority over all national Christian
governments. All these points are presented
distinctly In my "Spirit of the Papacy." in
noticing which the Westminster Review of
August last says it "has piled up systematically
every possible" charge against the papacy, and
has supported its accusations with abundant
authority."
Having responded to the demands made upon
me in your columns and having said all that I
care say in reply to Father Yorke's abuse, I
now turn to another point, and that is, Mr.
Editor, to congratulate you upon your course
in giving space to the discussion of the in
fluence of the papacy upon the welfare of
nations and the intelligence of mankind. The
objection that such controversy provokes Ill
feeling seems to me feeble. Truth and free
dom have made many of their most important
advances by the help of strife. Great abuses
are not corrected without offense to their bene
ficiaries and to the dupes of these benefici
aries, and one of tne greatest abuses of our
time is the sacerdotal fraud which is here
under discussion. The people learn something
from your columns every day; they are being
trained to investigate and to think for them
selves. It is a good work. Jons b. Hittell.
San Francisco, Jan. IS, 1896.
NOT THE SAME DEAN.
The Forger Arrested in I'tiea, X. T.,
Will Not Be Brought Here
for Trial.
Captain Lees received a dispatch yester
day from the Pinkerton detective agency,
Chicago, that Henry E. Desmaries, the
former arrested in Utica, N. V., on Friday,
would be tried in Chicago and requesting:
him to forward the forged check for $ISOO
on the Anglo-Californian Bank of this
City.
"I am thoroughly satisfied," said the
captain, "that there is no connection be
tween A. H. Dean, the forger who got
away with $20,000 from the Nevada Bank,
and the forger arrested in Utica.
"The fact of Desmaries having used the
name H. Dean is simply one of those re
markable coincidences that lead people to
believe that truth is stranger than fiction.
It is, of course, possible that Desmaries
may have met A. H. Dean after being re
leased from Quentin last November,
and the name might have suggested it-< ::'
to him, but I don't think eren that is
possible.
"I am glad Desmaries is to be tried in
Chicago, as it will save up the expense of
bringing him here for trial and keeping
him for the next fourteen years."
BUTTFS DEPOT SITE.
A Montana Railroad Cage Appealed
From Judge Beatty's Decision.
The controversy between the Montana
Central Railroad Company and A. F.
Migeon, B. Tibbey and N. B. Ringiling, in
volving the title to the railroad's passen
ger depot site in Butte, Mont., has been ap
pealed to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals from the decision rendered by
Judge Beatty in the railroad"s favor last
June. A transcript was filed yesterday.
( Several mining claims had been located
on the property in dispute, all more or
I Ipss overlapping. Among these were the
j Morning £tar lode claim, the John
Knowles piacer claim and the Childe Har
old lodeciaim, and the railroad company
had purchased the Knowles claim.
Judge Beatty's opinion was to the effect
that the testimony of the witnesses in the
case had been to create the impression that
Butte City had been practically covered
by a blanket of mining claims by persons
who hoped ultimately to urilize them for
town lots for tneir "surface or real estate
value, and who did not attach any particu
lar importance to their mineral values. On
NEW TO-DAT.
MANHOOD?
y^\ A STRONG MAN who is vig-
,»-• ''"'V-n^ ** orous in muscular power is
&1L - J.i r,f^r -• T sJT v i the envy of his fellow-man. He
&■<& ' ' Jt -. a I ''^St) s Do^ ec^ upon as one of nature's
'£&. 'w f/J noblemen. And yet how many
7 'Mj£\ men ere are w k° wou ld gladly
L. — ljj®Bs\J sacrifice that muscular strength
i^r 1 -"*^ • ; M r^*^ for the recovery of a still more
y\\Y%S precious element that has been
JC~ v/ V noblemen. And yet how many
'JjZj i*\ men ere are w^° wou ld gladly
■ i^iiv^^ sacrifice that muscular strength
—.aiiii ji'i nr^ for the recovery of a still more
\*\\/ precious element that has been
/Ik lost. Men are not always what
( y - N they seem. Almost daily we come
I \\^^\ \ in conversation with men who
\;) 1 KA V X seem strong, vigorous, but who
I 1 r V^ \\\ have begun to fail in the force of
w- J ''J -jay \\ manhood, and who would, in a
j/r^i. :L= 3 T > -' s jL few years, on account of this
" <^s ss&W'A^ME'iS^^- treacherous, secret waste, fall vic-
tims to that most hateful disease
—Nervous Debility. . This is the enemy which in time destroys
even the muscular power and all power of mankind.
Would you protect yourself against any possibility of this
: calamity ? Ignorance of the symptoms is no excuse for permit-
I ting the weakness to grow on you. If you would study this sub-
ject for your own good send for the little book, "Three Classes of
Men," which will be mailed free, closely sealed. It is plain and
honest, and its contents are instructive.
"Your Belt has proven a wonderful remedy for toning up the vital organs in my case."*.
writes W. D. Allen, VaUeclto, Cal. c * r '
"I was proslratad with paralysis when I got your Belt. lam already able to. walk without
crutches." J. M. Hamer, Vinson, Or.
•a 'il 1 »X* nt 7 m » n since wearing the b«lt andean five it » strong recommendation.*
Herbert F. Bishop, Hanford, Cal.
»ea» I Count iy c > al Beat existence *° your wonderful intention," writes J. W. Kunei, Miss, Als»
•'! have trU4 many remedies, but your belt is the greatest gift to humanity ever Invented.**
Charles Smith, Tualatin, Or.
"Tour Belt was worth it* weight In gold to me."— Kitties, East Sound, San Juam
Couaty, Wash.
"Your belt has cured me of sciatica."— Asa A. Moore, Milton, Or.
i ' ovl- 5 I i crgy and vl &° r ft B aia *»d can enjoy life as well as anybody."— Charles B. Kucb«
ler, 33 North Sutter street, Stockton, Cal.
i liy, our elt ftS P f6ven t( > b « above all other remedies for lost manhood. I wauld not sell it
lor tnrieo what I gave for it I have gained ten pounds in flesh."— J. F. Luman, Quincy, C&i,_
Think of the happiness, the
deep, heart-whole content that ssWil/*/ "^^Jdr
j settles upon your mind when s^Hfcm^i
strong^nd manly '^l have pZ
: served the gift of manhood that /" , /* * " j!Pf
nature gave me." Yes, you .;'£^^- C^l?^
who can say that, and say it
honestly, think of how much
■ you owe to nature, the giver of *9xmy~
manhood. Yet not many can say it. There are too many pit-
falls, too many temptations in the path of young men, and too
many of them fall.
It is to correct the error of youthful folly, and to point out
the happy recovery of manly vigor by his wonderful Electric
i Belt, that Dr. Sanden has given to the world his famous book
I "Three Classes of Men." He will send a pocket edition, free'
sealed, to any sufferer, or to any man who does not feel himself ft
man. Get it. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt cures weak men.
Call or address
s-A.3>srx>msar bijEotrzo oo •
. 632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRAtfCtSCOk
©me© Hours— B to 6 ; Evenings, 7to 8:30; Sundays, 10 to i'
j rortuaa, Oregon. Offl««, at 3 .▼* MBffttß' 6t£»f>
the ground that they had never done any
thing worthy of notice to develop their
alleged silver and copper deposits, he
doubted the pretensions of good faith
made by owners of the Childe Harold
claim.
THE CHUTES TO-DAY.
They Will Reopen With Added Ze*
After the Late Rain.
The water chutes out on Haight street
have had a damp time during the week,
and since last Sunday the grounds have
been closed. But if the weather is in the
slightest degree propitious everything
wiil be opened up this afternoon and
"chute shooters" can enjoy themselves to
their utmost, ana devotees of the new
sport of "tripping the trolley" will have an
opportunity of further investigating this
newly inaugurated amusement.
As an especial sensation Miss Millie
Viola, whose proposed trip over Niagara
Falls in a barrel has already been spoken
of in The Call, will make a balloon ascen
sion and parachute drop. Her sister,
Essie, gave a most successful performance
of the same character two weeks ago, and
Miss Millie promises to excel her, as she
does trapeze work, and wants to take her
parachute drop hanging by her toes.
No female aeronaut has ever done gym
nastic work while making an ascension or
drop in this City before, all of them being
content to sit in slings, and some even
being tied on to a trapeze. This girl's
daring, however, is something wonderful,
ana she promises a revelation in aerial
navigation.
CONCERNING DIAMONDS,
Millions Paid by Americans in Duties
on the Precious Stones.
There are perhaps 8000 dealers in dia
monds in the world, who carry in their
stock stones worth perhaps $350,000,000.
The remainder are in the hands of private
individuals. There is always something
fascinating about the subject of diamonds,
and rich and poor lise to read about
precioux stones. It is estimated that dur
ing the last twenty-five years the Ameri
can people have paid duty on at least $180,
--000,000 worth of diamonds and other
precious stones. In i 893 alone they im
ported $15,203,563 worth, but in 1894 there
was a falling off, owing to the hard times,
and the total was only $4,5.->6,9*5. This
does Dot include uncut diamonds, of which
we imported more than ?1. 000,000 worth in
1892, $.SOO,OOO worth in 1893 and* $566,267
worth in 1-
During the last twenty-two years we
have imported $7,087,817 worth of uncut
diamonds. In 18*0 we imported only
$129,000 worth of uncut diamonds, and in
1889 only s worth. The large in
crease of late has been due to the fact that
a number of American jewelers have
opened diamond-cutting establishments.
There are now fifteen establishment" in
the United States, which employ from one
to twenty men. There are 4000 manu
facturers in Europe and about l! 00 in the
United States, who employ between 7000
'X) persons as cutters and polishers.
Perhaps 28,000 people are employed in
the diamond mines throughout the world.
We read that in past centuries 60. 0 X)
people were working in some single Indian
mines at one time, and perhaps that state
ment is not exaggerated, since by the aid
of modern machinery one miner can now
accomplish as much as twenty who used
the primitive methods. The total value of
ail the diamonds in the world undoubtedly
exceeds $I,ooo,ooo,ooo.— Jewelers' Review.
When horseless carriages come in. good
sanitation, the Lancet points out, will be
a simpler matter. There will be an end to
the contagion from the stable pit, and
glanders and other diseases ierived from
the horse will disappear.
It would appear that there are forty-one
peer? and fifty-three baronets who profess
the Roman Catholic faith, and riftee i
Privy Councilors. Three £np!i-h and
sixty-seven Irish members ot Parliament
come under the same denominitiVXDAY JANTAKY 19. 1886
AMUSEMENTS.
Bai.t>wix Thkatkk.— "An Unequal Match."
California Tiieatkb— " Macbeth."
< .hi itßiA Thkatkii— "The Senator."
Morosco's OncRA-HorsE— •• A Long Lane."
Tlvoi.iOi-KKA-HouSK.— "lxion:or, The Man of
the Wheel."
Orphki-m.— High-Class Vaudeville.
BBOVXB'B -Mct/Ai:. "My rrocious Baby."
UAcnoKoron Thkatvk (Oakland) —" The
Love Chase.'i commencing to-morrow.
Auditobitjm— Corner Mason and Ellis streets-
Grand Concert by the Grace Church Choir, Wed-
nesday evening, January 22, at 8 o"clock.
Scottish Hai.i-— "a Niche \VI Hums," Friday
Kveuing, January .-I. • •
E^Bcottbi Chutes.- Dally at HaJght street
« 1 «• L!ock east of the Turk.
Colics CJatk I'ahk— Golden Gate Park Band
I'ACJric Coast Jockey Ci.rn.- Races to-morrow
At Li lON >ALLS.
-Monday, January 20, V.'ork
Jl6 Harrison street, at
-Tuesday, January 21
- reet, *t IS o'clock
•••.'. ea ay. January 21-
Morses, Ht saiesyard, cor-
-3 avenue ami Market St., at 11 a. m.
I Hamvoxd.— Thursday* January 2S,
• -. ■ TV si.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Weather Bureau promises fair weather,
■ Ban Francisco.
lei l\>po!o have bet 9100
y of a telegram.
road Commission cuse was con
re Judge McKenna.
f books nnd printing by
■ <i last night.
. ' C. A. chami •■.'.eight foot
[eated Lick School by a score oi U
y. convicted of assault, has been
years In Folsom by Juilge
Henry Heinz, 27 years of age, a blacksmith
e.n<l a native bo:i, vr&s yesterday sworn in as a
policeman.
• v :.'s Republican Club gave its
nment last evening in
The County Clerk is investigating the
charges recently made against Harry Morris of
the County Clerk's oftice.
Panama are to be ad
amei tnat
ednesday i
The E . ion of Cruelty to
se ector,
■ 'gino, to a\
: t Ingleside
re: <
Merchants' as n has petitioned
egtn Btreot
necessary.
Mrs. Eniina A. i j SJ ionora
?10,00 -the alienation of the
affect tenry C. CunK
The Praw] \. a benefit per
sterday
In aid of the Children's Hospital.
rt Francis McAllister hat been (liven
aek alimony to his
.•• j«.il awaits him.
The employes of Nathan, Dohrmann &. Co.
injoyed a pleasant social and banquet given
by the firm last Thursday evening in the Hotel
Savoy.
Captain Lees received a dispatch yesterday
E. Desmaries, alias H. *I)eau, ar
. N. V., ioc forgery, would be
. d fc ' •.
i ;as has closed his arguments in
■ •« to the lirst Fair
:on and the teach-
r::t;on will hold a bie mass
• in Odd i c
a evil an-:
The medals given by the city of Rome to the
California delegation were shown for the first
lime last night at a banquet tendered the dele
gates at the Commercial Hotel.
- . ... i'a;>Uiin Heaiyof
. ]>-tv- havo not yet arrived,
ar i oi inquiry lias not progressed any
r ihan the preliminari*
Miss Inez Mercer, who thought she went
with R. B. West
found she had really married him,
iad the marriage annulled."
The strike of the coopers emnloyed by the
Pacific Wooden ware Company isstiUon. Su-.
perintendent Miller thinks "an amicable ar
langement will be effected by Monday.
Ah Gang must spend two years in Folsorn for
burglary. Thomas Maloney will servo a simi
lar term in the same place for grand larceny.
Both were sentenced by Judge Belcher.
The Mercantile Library Association will hold
its annual election to-morrow, but there will
be no opposition ticket in the tic-Id, members
Being fcatished with the regular nominees.
The case of the pool-seller, Gilbert Blodes,
will be decided by Judge Joachimsen to-mor
tow, Blodes in his testimony yesterday claim
ing that he was only a commission broker.
George llerger and John Lawrence were each
held by Judge Conlan ye&terday to answer be
fore the Superior Court in £10,000 bonds on
the charge of felonious assault upon little
Members of the First Congregational Church
,-ist that Dr. Brown will explain why he
led Mrs. Stockton and Mrs. Davidson
after he alleges he knew they were black-
There was an interesting time in Judge
Coffey's court yesterday when the fee which
was supposed to have been allowed to the full
amount of $26,000 was found to be only
c-:o.<>oo.
John li. Bolton has filed a contest of the will
of his grandfather. He claims that the grand
father was unduly influenced in bequeathing
his $500,000 estate, and that he was not of
sound mind.
The City tribes of Red Men held a public
"rabing-up of chiefs'' last evening at Odd
-' Hull. District Deputy P. L. Hoff was
:.ted with a beautiful diamond badge
after the ceremonies.
A. Bergman, clerk for Thomas J. O'Donnell,
• r, 1105 Buchanan street, was arrested
•lay on a warrant charging him with em
bezzling 928, the amount of an account paid to
him by a customer of his employer.
The efforts made by the Postal Inspectors to
arrest Sun King, alias Sam Tick, for looting
the l'ostoffice boxes of Chinese firms, were
again unsuccessful yesterday. He did not at
tempt to leave for China on the steamer Peru.
A. Goldson and P. Peranti, poultry-dealers,
were arrested last evening on complaint of
Deputy Game Commissioner Dougherty, the
former for selling quail and the latter for sell
ing -wild ducks out of season. Both were re
leased on bail.
\\ . M. Waddill, the young white wife of
a colored barber, a: l^'.t Jessie street, has run
away with her three-year-old mulatto child
.•'■ husband thinks the has eloped She
Is the daughter o: Bukel, a wealthy
flour mtrcnaut at Montreal.
Mary E. Hart, special administratrix of the
E. Handley, is suing Mn
■ : : rJ-ii-t, the value of the c
• the dete Uv« who died la
. His administratrix charges his widow
wan making away with his property.
THE POOLROOM EVIL.
The Civic Federation Will Hold a Ui X
Mass-Meeting T«-I)»y.
The Civic Federation has taken up the
fight against the poolroom evil in earnest,
and to-day a bis mass-meeting will be held
in Odd Fellows' Hall at 3 p. m. to consider
the matter and devise ways and means for
suppressing the evil. A call has been
issued inviting the public in general to
attend, and all of the city ministers have
been requested to urge upon their con
. nous tho importance of a large at
tendance. In this invitation Thomas
. of the special committee says:
It is not needful to emphasize with you the
menace to the morals of the community, es
pecially of our young men and boys, presented
«y this evil as rampant among us. The ex
isting laws seem unequal to grapple with the
situation; new and sweeping ordinances are
needed for its extermination, and it is in
tended by this meeting to voice a sentiment
nearly unanimous in the city against the evil,
ana to demand the passage ox an ordinance for
its suppression.
Dr. Carlos Martyn of Chicago will be one
of the speakers to address the gathering,
lie has been prominently engaged in
simi ar reform movements in the East,
and has made a special study of the pool
room evil since he has been'here. Other
wcll-^nown speakers will also present
their views.
THE CHARGES UNTRUE
Evan Williams Exonerated
From a Serious Accu
sation.
AN INVESTIGATION MADE.
The Court Records Show Him to
Be Entirely Free From
Fault.
As the policy of The Call is to be as just
as it is critical it is but fair that misstate-
menis be corrected with the 6ame readi
ness with which they are published, not
withstanding that at the time of their ap
pearance they may be believed to be true.
In a city of 350,000 inhabitants it is not
unusual that the haste necessary in com
piling a daily paper will result in mistakes
that would not occur were it possible to
give them more extended attention.
It is in this spirit and with this refer
ence to the fallibilities of newsgathering
that we now direct attention to prominent
articles in The Call of the 26th and 27th
of last month, both relating to the suit of
M. W. Fox against the management of the
Hule & Norcross Mining Company and
others connected with that company's
litigation, and both alluding, in terms of
special severity, to Mr. Evan Williams, who
was connected with the milling of a por
tion of the ores of that corporation at the
time certain irregularities are alleged to
have taken place. The articles embraced
little beyond the unsupported statements
made by M. W. Fox to a Call reporter.
In those articles Mr. Williams is accused
not only of converting to his own use
wagon-loads of bullion belonging to the
stockholders of the Hale and Xorcross
mine, of carrying a key to the Carson
branch mint, of procuring the illicit coin
ape of thousands of silver dollars, of
stifling investigation and of numerous col
lateral crimes, but inferentially of em
ng a thug of unnamed nationality to
sinate the man who was piously bent
on exposing his misdemeanors.
These articles having come to the atten
tion of Mr. Williams, and it appearing
that there was a disposition in unfriendly
quarters to discuss the charges seriously,
he recalled our attention to them, and as
a simple act of justice requested us to ex
amine the court and other records in the
case and ascertain the full extent to which
our reporter had been misled through the
statements of Mr. Fox.
In fairness we could not do otherwise
than comply with the request of Mr. Wil
liams. The charges were serious. They
attacked the reputation of a gentleman
who for more than thirty years had com
manded the respect and confidence of ihe
people of Nevada, which has been hi*
place of residence. These charges had
been given to the public through the col
umns of The Call, unaccompanied by any
expressed doubt of their accuracy, and
duty to our many readers no leas than to
Mr. Williams impelled us to undertake the
investigation.
And now, having completed an examina
tion of ail the records in the case, we freely
admit that they afford no ground for
any one of the charges made against Mr.
Williams as published in The Call of the
26th and 27th of last month, and in the ab
sence of any testimony in their support,
we are bound to believe them to be wholly
untrue.
FREIGHT RATE SITUATION
The Advance on Shipments for
New York to Be Made on
Wednesday.
General Manager Schwerin of the
Pacific Mail Asks Support for the
Panama Route.
The recently advanced eastbound rates
of 60 cents per 100 pounds via the Panama
route, instead of going into effect on the
steamer which leaves San Francisco on
January 28 are to be charged on ship
ments made on the City of Sydney, that
leaves next Wednesday or two days earlier
than the day on which the advanced over
land freight rates are put in force.
In view of the developments of the past
day or two there is no immediate pros
pects of westbound rates being changed
for at least a month to come, either by the
ali-rail or Panama route.
Shortly after the signing of the agree
ment between the Panama Railroad Com
pany and the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany the latter withdrew its three steamers
from the Atlantic seabord, and it then de
volved upon the Columbian live steamers,
owned by the Panama Railroad Company,
to handle all the freight offered at New
York for Central American ports as well
as for San Francisco. This they were un
able to do and in consequence E. 11. Hin
ton, the local general agent of the Panama
Kailroad Company, was compelled to
withdraw all quotations at this end for
westbound business. His company is now
in position to handle more of this business
and he is again quoting westbound rates
and engaging tonnage for westbound ship
ments.
it was generally supposed, particularly
after the eastbound rates had been ad
vanced, that the westbound rates would
undergo similar treatment, but according
to the statements of both the railroad peo
ple and the Panama Railroad representa
tive tnere is no immediate prospect of any
change. The same rates are now in force
that obtained before the Panama-Pacific
Mail agreement.
The recent manifesto of the Panama
Railroad Company to the effect that it pro
posed to maintain the Panama route as an
independent line and a genuine competi
tor of the transcontinental lines was con
siderable of a surprise to the larger ship
pers of the community, and they doubted
whether the Pacific Mail, controlled as it
was by C. I. Huntington, would co-oper
ate in the right spirit to this end. R. P.
Heinverin, general manager of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, when spoken to
on the subject said :
We shall be very glad to promote the
interests of snippets by the Panama route.
We ask their co-operation and assistance for
that route so as to Keep us running up to our
full facilities all the lime. J would like to see
the I'tinama route traffic developed to such an
extent that we would have to run a steamer
every four days.
The statement made by the Panama people
U correct. The Panama route is in actual com
petion with the transeontinenial lines. There
is no idea of putting in extortionate rates, but
to pat in such rates as will be remunerative to
the carriers. Under the old rates all the
transportation companies were losing money.
1 don't think any reasonable man would ex
pect the transportation companies to carry
their freight at a serious loss, and if they will
co-operate with the Panama route we will do
the best to co-operate with them.
The Columbia, a sister ship of the Peru, was
to leave Newport News on the 15th inst., and
the city of I'nra is to leave as soon after as they
could get her away, and both are to be placed
in service on this side between San Francisco
and Panama. It has been stated that we in
tended for a time at least to cease running
our .steamers regularly to Panama. This re
port was absolutely without foundation. The
Pacific Mail during the entire time that the
North American Navigation Company and the
Panama Railroad Company handled through
freight to New York has never ceased to run
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
its steamers to Panama and to handle freight
and passengers from the west coast of Mexico
and Central America, to its connections at
Panama, for New York, other Eastern or Eu
ropean points.
In conclusion Mr. Schwerin said that
he earnestly hoped that the producers and
merchants of California and of the whole
Pacific Coast would give their hearty co
operation to the interests and development
of the Panama route.
BORROMEAN COUNCIL.
The Mission Young Men Preparing for
an Entertainment Next Thurs
day Evening.
The Borromean Council, Y. M. 1., will
give an entertainment next Thursday
evening at the Mission Opera Hall. This
council is one of the strongest in the order,
its membership comprising some of the
brightest of the young men in the Mission
district.
One of the features of the evening will
be a burlesque on "Tiilby." The cast will
be made up exclusively of members of the
Borromean Council as follows:
ypven-erally Dr. J. P. McCarthy
i.ittle Pilly ....R. E. Fuzackerley
Larry J. J. C'orrißan
TufTy R. J. Dowdall
Oetto J. M. Toner
Lll La n. J. Hoey
Key. Mr. Braggart P. F. Dillon
Drilby j. a. Riley
Mme. Vinyard K. J. Coffey
Mrs. Braggart K. J. Collonah
The Borromean Council was organized
six years ago and is now in a nourishing
condition. The charter members were
young men who resided at the Mission.
The early success of the council was due
in a great measure to the practical aid of
Itev. P. J. Cummins, pastor of St. Charles
Church, and Rev. r. E. Mulligan, his
assistant, now secretary to the Archbishop.
Thomas J. Lennon was the first presi
dent, and in succession Joseph A. Mclnnis,
John Riley, Rooert E. Fazackerley, Ed
ward J.Coffey, Dr. J. P. McCarthy and
Nicholas J. Hoey, the incumbent, have
guided the affairs of the council.
ITALIAN PAPERS AT WAR
La Voce del Popolo Denies a
Holocaust of Ten Thousand
Abyssinians.
L'ltalia Offers to Ret That Its
"Scoop" Is Correct— The Bet
Accepted.
The Italian colony is stirred up over a
lively newspaper war between L'ltaliaand
La Voce del Popolo, which arose out of a
difference of opinion between the two es
teemed journals recarding 10,000 Abys
sinian s, more or less, massacred in a re
cent combat. L'ltalia has thrown down
the gauntlet of a $100 bet. La Voce has
snatched up the cartel, and now it only re
mains for a jury of prominent citizens to
decide whether L'ltalia or La Voce shall
make the poor of the colony richer by the
amount of the bet.
The controversy arose in this wise:
Last Thursday's issue of I'ltalia contained
a somewhat lengthy and exclusive tele
gram, dated January 13, which gave an
account of an assault on the fort of Ma
kalle. in Abyssinia, and stated that the
Italian troops had not only won a signal
victory, but that the Abyssinian? had left
10,000 dead and wounded on the field.
This news called forth the following
honeyed words in the Friday's issue of La
Voce: "Ten thousand dead and wounded.
Good gracious ! And to think that no tele
gr.iphic agency and no American paper
was cognizant of such important news.
A sprite whispers in our ear that the fa
mous telegram of our contemporary had
no source outside the editorial rooms on
Washington street, and no other scope
but to cive the editorial chief an opportun
ity of showing that he has studied in the
school of war.
"But to achieve this object, innocent in
itself, why send forth to the fray 10,000
At.yssinians? At this rate, and with a few
ott.er as homicidal telegrams, there would
not remain a single enemy for General
Baratiere to combat, when he finds it con
venient to move from Adigrat."
In Friday's issue L'ltalia, nothing
daunted by the sarcasm of its contempo
rary, repeated the story of the ten thou
sand dead, with added particulars. The
paper also contained an offer of $100 that
the news was correct, the jurors to be four
prominent citizens, two chosen by each
paper, and the $100 to be handed'to the
Italian Consul, for the benefit of the poor
of the colony.
The bet was accepted with alacrity, and
yesterday's issue of each paper expressed
confidence in the result of the arbitration.
La Voce does not believe it possible that
the Italian troops can be offering up such
holocausts of Abyssinians in the Dark
Continent. L'ltalia says its telegram
came via New York, and i 3 authentic. The
latter paper yesterday evening contained
tne following announcement in the largest
and most ornamental style of type: "The
day before yesterday's news "in L'ltalia
relative to the Slaughter of 10,000
Abyssinians by the Italian troops in re
pulsing an attack on Makalle has been
confirmed by the Italian Herald of New
York and the Italio-American of New
Orleans."
The Italia promises to give the jury
under the promise of secrecy the source
of its telegram, and both papers pledge
themselves to put up the $100, the loser
to give tho sum it wins to the poor. It is
probable that the jury will be appointed
to-morrow.
FOR SICK CHILDREN.
The Frawley Company Gives a Bene
fit for the Children's Hos
pital.
A thoroughly successful benefit per
formance of "The Jilt" was given yester
day afternoon at the Columbia Theater by
the Frawley Company. The total proceeds
of the performance, which amounted to
$670 45, are to go toward building a deaf
and blind ward for the Children's Hos
pital.
There was a large attendance and the
clever acting of the Frawley Company
aroused plenty of applause. Between the
first and second acts Little Mildred gave a
song and dance, "I'm Your Little Sweet
heart," and Miss Hope Itoss gave a clever
rendering of "Old Lang Syne" as a violin
solo.
The cast included such artists as Maclyn
Arbuckle, Wilson Enos, Charles W. King,
H. D. Blakemore, Daniel Frawley, George
W. Leslie, George Bosworth, Thomas A.
Phillips, Frank C. Thompson, Miss Lan
sing Rowan, Miss Blanche Bates, Miss
Phosa McAFlisterand Miss Hope Ross.
The performance was in every way
pleasing and satisfactory to the large audi
ence and aided a worthy cause as well.
MISS MERCER'S FREEDOM
She Is Loosed From the Bonds of a
Sham Marriage "Which Proved
Genuine.
Inez Mercer has had annulled the pe
culiar marriage which she contracted with
R. B. Westcott in Portland in May, 1895.
She and Westcott went through a mar
riage ceremony tor the ediiication of a few
friends gathered together for an evening's
enjoyment, but it was not until some time
after that sue learned that the marriaee
had been performed by a real minister un
der sanction of a genuine license and be
fore competent witnesses, and that she was
tied hard and fast to Westcott.
She came down here and sued for an an
nullment of the marriage on the ground of
fraud. Judge Slack granted her prayer.
THINK THEY WILL BUILD
S. C. Heilig and T. W. Enos
Have Five Propositions
for a Theater.
THEY WILL SUBMIT THEM.
The New Theater Will Hold at Least
2500 People and Have Three
Galleries.
S. C. Heilig of Portland, manager of the
Northwestern circuit of theaters, and T.
W. Enos, the Tacoma banker, who is
identified with the Eastern syndicate in
the ownership of most of the theaters, will
leave for home to-day.
During the two weeks they have been
here they have thoroughly looked up the
situation in reference to leasing or build
ing a theater in San Francisco.
One or the other is to be done, with
the chances decidedly in favor of the
latter.
They are carrying back with them, so
they say, to be submitted for the consid
eration of the capitalists owning the thea
ters, five different propositions from dif
ferent people here. One of them will be
decided upon, and then the theater people
C. HEILIG, MANAGER OF THE NORTIIWESTKRN' CIRCUIT OF THEATERS.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
of the Northwest will be in the field here
with Al Hayman & Co. and other man
agers.
They Fay they are not talking for effect
and express the desire that nothing of an
exaggerated character be stated, bin that
they mean exactly what they formerly
said when The Call announced their pur
poses.
The probabilty is now that they will
build here the finest theater in the "West.
The one in view is expected to cost about
$125,000, have three galleries and a seating
capacity of at least 2500 people. They
may build a larger and costlier theater
even than this.
"We have had five different propositions
submitted to us," said one of the gentle
men yesterday. "Oho was. first, from
capitalists here to build us a theater, we to
lease it for a period of years. Another was
from men who own the lots, for us to go
in with them and form a company and
take stock and build a theater. Another
proposition we are considering is the buy
ing of real estate outright ourselves and
erecting a theater, all with our own money.
Another proposition is a sort of combina
tion of one oi all of the3e, and the other is
in reference to leasing a theater.
"The last, by the way, is the least proba
ble of any. We feel that we must have a
new theater to enable us to take the posi
tion in the theatrical business on this
coast which we, in justice, should to make
our other investments profitable.
"One of the propositions which we have
is from men here to build a great Thespian
temple, costing .$300,000, that would hold
5000 or 6000 people. If we had a theater of
this kind the price of seats could be re
duced to as low as 75 cents or $1 each at
most. Probably we could go lower than
this, at least for certain entertainments.
"With such a large seating capacity we
could materially reduce prices. Besides
this, if Damrosch or any other men with a
big choral company wanted to come to
San Francisco he would find plenty of room
in such a theater. It would afford capacity
for any company or occasion.
"However, my own opinion is that a
theater with a seating capacity of 2500
people is about what is required. This
theater need not cost over ~ $125,000. It
would have three galleries, be modern in
every way and be a theater solely. There
would bo no offices or storerooms in the
building.
"The one we have in view would be
something near the size of Morosco's
Grand Opera-house, only constructed in
the modern style, and with a considerably
deeper stage.
"I have found here that taxes are very
low, as compared witii the north, and
that is something for investors to con
sider. A theater license, too, is only $100
a year here, whereas in Tacoma and Port
land it has been $250 a year at each place.
Water and electric light rates are" also
much lower here than there. The loca
tions submitted to us are admirable.
"Take it all in all the conditions are
very favorable. We only want to make 5
per cent, and we can do that very easily.
As to the money we represent being Van
derbilt money, it is not all that. We have
other money besides that. It is a strange
thing to me that you have no Eastern
money here. In Portland, Tacoma, Seat
tle, Spokane and Los Angeles it is nearly
all Eastern money that is invested, but
here you have none at all. San Francisco
is unique in that respect. The building
and other improvements are all with home
capital.
"Eastern investors are glad to get any
thing that will pay 5 per cent. They can
get it here. 1 wonder that they have not
come here. A theater in San Francisco I
consider a good investment."
It is claimed that Hayman has so held
the whip hand on the people owning the
theaters of the north that there is almost
no profit in the business there. In some
cases he charged 80 per cent, while he
would give the company but 60 per cent.
He had '20 per cent clean, but out of the
20 per cent left the Northern theater
owners they had to pay ail expenses of
water, lighting and furnish use of theater
and pay contingent expenses, which left
nothing at all.
For a long time he charged 10 per cent
for boosing merely. In addition to these
things he would, according to the stories
told, charge a company $500 for bringing
it and would also assess the manager ot
the Northwest circuit $500 a year. He
wrote the companies that he would get for
them the highest possible per cent and
also assured the Northwest theater-owners
that he was giving them steadily the
highest percentage he could possibly get.
Such Tittle plays as these, ail adding
cash to the already plethoric exchequer of
Hayman, have made the Northwestern
theater peode very tired, so their friends
say. So they are out to build a theate.r
here and he independent.
"We will immediately place our proDosi
tions before those who are interested with
us," said one of the gentlemen, "and one
of them will no doubt be adopted. It will
probably be the one for a theater with 2500
capacity. I expect to get the decision and
be back in about one month."
The theaters in their circuit and largely
owned by them are at Portland, Astoria,
Tacoma, Olympia, Seattle and Spokane.
No bar will be allowed in the theater
here, nor will the builders permit it to be
open on Sunday, no matter if for a sacred
concert.
A CHILD ACTOR.
General McComb Refuses to Allow
Sadaugemon Ogino to
Appear.
General McComb of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children intends
to dispute in court the statement that
Sadaugemon Ogino, the Japanese child
actor, is 16 years of age.
Sadaugemon, whose stature is in inverse
ratio to the length of his name, is the
Japanese child who used to tie himself
into knots and perform other unnatural
feats in the Midway Piaisance 6f the Mid
winter Fair, in order to decoy spectators
into the Japanese Theater. General Mc-
Comb says that the performance which the
child has to go through is dangerous and
cruel, as his little limbs are contorted into
horribly unnatural postures, and if his
nerve or courage failed at certain points of
his performance he might fall and do him
self grievous bortily injury.
"If the child is really lii he is a dwarf,
and a very small dwarf," said General Mc-
I'omb. "We do not believe, however, that
he can possibly be over 12, if he is as old
as that. He has been engaged for a music
hall in this City and we have told the man
ager if he persists in exhibiting the child
we shall have him arrested, but he
intends to go ahead and see if he
cannot win in the courts. The child's cer
tificate says he is just 16, but that is the
way with all these imported child per
formers; they are always a few days or
such over 16."
Badaugemon's mother, a gorgeously
i.appareled young Japanese woman, who
I does not look much over 20, has been to
j plead with the general to let her son ap
pear.but it is his opinion that she had better
work for the child instead of putting the
little fellow's earning on her own back,
and the persists in his determina
tion that if Sadaugemon appears to-morrow
he will have the manager arrested.
Invention and Kducation.
W. 11. Smith, M.E., discussed "The Art of In
vention and Its Bearing on Education" at the
Mechanics' Institute last night. There was a
good audience in attendance and the lecture
was listened to with interest. Mr. Smith's
argument was to the effect that Invention is
not a lawless art. but rather the product of
hard and careful study. He showed the slow
development of experiments and attending re
sults. His discourse was exceptionally thought-
Snper-rhysical Contact.
J. J. Morse will lecture under the auspices of
the California Psychical Society at National
Hall, Kllis street, between Polk street and Van
Ness avenue, this evening at 7:45 on "The
Super-physical Universe; Its Point of Contact
With Us."
NEW TO-DAT.
THE OWL
f THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS!
13L20 ]VCarls.et Street, (
SAN FRANCISCO.
320 £». Spring Street,
LOS ANGEUSS.
Free .
Delivery.
THE OWL DRUG CO.
W ill deliver Drugs, Medi-
cines and Toilet Articles
FREE OF FREIGHT OR
EXPRESS CHARGES to
any railroad point with-
in 100 miles of San Fran-
cisco when purchases
amount •> to $5 or over,
PROVIDED orders are
accompanied with the
money. ,
SEND FOR PRICE LIST
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Many Changes Have Taken Place
Among Captains and Chief
Engineers.
OPPOSITION LINE TO BERKELEY
Remarkable Run of the Little Steamer
Santa Lucia to San Jose de
Guatemala.
The sailing of the Pacific Mail Com
pany's steamer Peru was the only excite
ment on the water front yesterday. The
steamer took away 191 Chinese in the
steerage and 12 cabin passengers. Among
the latter were three missionaries, and a
great number of church members were
down to see them off. As the vessels
moved away from the wharf both parties
joined in singing "God Be With You Till
We Meet Again" and "Nearer, My God,
to Thee." The hundreds of heathens who
were there to see their relatives looked on
in open-eyed astonishment.
Among the passengers on the Peru was
E. St. Yraz, a Prussian zoologist, who has
been making a tour of the United States.
He is a member of the Koyal Museum of
Prague, and in all the big cities wher
ever there is a Bohemian population he
has lectured in the Bohemian longue. He
will remain in Japan about three months
and will then go to Europe via Hongkong.
E. C. Troy, the auctioneer, was another
passenger. He will buy a large assort
ment of Japanese goods in Yokohama and
on his return will enter into competition
with California-made articles.
A great number of changes have taken
place in shipping circles during the past
few days. Captain Green of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company's St. Paul went
out in command of the Umatilla, Captain
Hunter being on the sick list. Captain
Duggan is now master of the St. Paul.
Captain Jacobson of the barkentine Con
suelo is also on the sick list, and Captain
Friis will take the vessel out on her next
trip to the Hawaiian Islands. Chief En
gineer Holland, who has been laid up for
over a year, was able to resume work last
week and went out on the steamer Peru.
Chief Engineer Rossiter, who filled his
place, has been transferred to the steamer
City of Sydney and Chief Engineer Don
nelly will take* the Acapulco.
It has been stated that the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company was about to
put the stern-wheeler Herald on the run
between San Francisco and Berkeley. At
present Piper, Aden, Goodail & Co.'s
steamer Hope has the trade all to herself,
and as the Herald is steadily losing money
for the railroad on the Yallejo run, Agent
White is said to be looking around for a
new tield in which there is more money.
When spoken to about the matter yester
day, Harry Goodall laughed and said:
"Let them go ahead. The Hope just about
pays expenses, and if the Southern Pacific
thinks it can make any money by running
in opposition to us, let them try it."
Among the passengers who came up
from San Jose de Guatemala on the
steamer City of Sydney were Captain Kel
son and four men who, formed the crew of
the little steamer Santa Lucia when she
left San Francisco last November. She
was built to tow tenders from the shore to
the steamers, and when she left here peo
ple said she would never reach her desti
nation. She is only 48 feet long, 13 feet
broad and 6 feet deep, but she turned out
to be a splendid seaboat.
The run of 2800 miles was made on thir
teen tons of coal, but it was not until the
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. t
" ■ ■ — . ' y
107-109 I»OST STREET,
1220-1222-1224 IVIiLnKET STREET.
January Sales Extraordinary of
Silks, Fine Ribbons, Dress Goods, Neck-
-silks, Fine Ribbons, weai% House p urnish .
ings, Laces, Embroideries and Stamped Linens. It's
the regular January doings at our store, the bargain
harvest of careful shoppers — only this year we are
outdoing all of our previous Clearance Sale efforts.
Never undersold — up-to-date things only is the
K. S. & F. style of merchandising. Below a very
few of
This Week's Golden Chances.
Kaiki Wash Never before Mo mie Crepe, NowhtreeUein
SilkS, 25c. Man 35c a yard. 12^c grade, sc. "a*"*****
7500 yards of 1896 styles just received. Fully 100 The cotton momie crepe that fancy evening
patterns and color effects. They are full 20 dresses are made of-such colors as pink, yel-
inches wide, all silk, wash beautifully, make ow - 1! 6 n l blue, . pranrose, red, apDle green,
the most dressy and economical waists. cream, white and blacit.
75c Silks ™, , Crinkle Crepe, Aprlcethatshould
JO^ «JlllV2» This season's styles. ICC O"I"lflp lOr 'induce liberal pur-
for ISC Every piece perfect. IsCgraUe, IUC. chases . *
IVI •^*' » Heavy Crinkle Serpentine Crepe, in pink,
JACQUARD WOVEN SILKS, Taffeta finish, 20 cream, yellow, whit.-, Nil.- gxeen and electric
inches wide, dots, stripes, tiny checks, small blue only-color line broken, hence the price
iigures, 20 patterns and color effects. Reduce;!
from 60c anu 75c. j
| English Tfickinathat
W*-n Print Flannelettes. " /U2 -"2'" 0 " 6o<A « ldea -
yy cl« \J rillU Mo st artistic product These are good patterns and desirable colors-
RibbonS 50C ° J the loom ever shown. just buy them- mind why we sell l 2V 2 c
l\iuwuna, UUVI flannelettes for BV3C a yard. That's the price
The design is printed on the warp, then the rest of th ' 3 week> Mart " street only for flannelettes.
the ribbon is woven in and the result is the
strikingly beautiful ribbon now so popular for : . ,'_
neckwear, millinery, etc. The 3-inch width we I itIPM
have marked 50c a yard. Other widths and "'"•" Market-Street 'tore
styles, up to 5 inches, 60c, t}sc, 70c, 75c and CHarialf only for linens
90c the yard. *JJ7CV*ICIIS. ;.- " -.
HUCK TOWELS— I7x36, all nnre linen.
IMITATION WARP PRINT RIBBONS, 3 fringed, the 12iAc grade, for 10c each lmeD '
inches, 35c yard.
me TO\VELS-26x45, all pure linen,
% heavy, fringed, good value at 35c, a bargain at
sale price— 2 5c each.
UStriCll reatner Rral ostrich feather HUCK TOWELS-27x45, all pure linen,
pAn c <C 1 r?fl —fine quality too. hemmed, were 40c, come early if yon want
DUctS, «Pl>s"« some at iisc each.
$4 50 Boas, 45 inches long; not "skimpy," but UNBLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, 68
plenty of nice curly feathers. Now only S2 75 ■ - Inches, all linen, very heavy, 35c grade—
- . ance sale price 25c a yard.
$3 Boas, 21 inches long, that tie at th f throat with Hatp BLEACHED GERMAN TABLE
onTySlto Satln ribbon, first quality and now DAMASK, ft* Inches all linen, soft fin-
oniy sfri. ju. ish> last week 50c> this week 40c m yard
Other grades, 21-inch Boas, at ?2 50, $3 50, $4 50 BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, 70 Inches
and *5 each. ' wide, satin finish, elegant designs, former price :
SI 25, now marked $1 a yard.
silkalines,2oc Them*** Black Figured An y body Can
Kind, 12^c. : •«•-*** . Armures, 25c. oir(>rda - WacAdrCM --.
«__-*!_ L«'^ ; " .v- o/, ~ ■ .We have just 20. pieces left, the patterns are
Exnctlj asgoodasthe2ocSilkolines of last year. neat and pretty, color fast, width 45 inches,
i-uily a yard wide. Persian and flowered pat- and price just one-half of any one else's. Mar-
terns. Dainty bedroom drapery these. ket-street store only for these.
last day of the old year that the vessel ar
rived at her destination. During stormy
weather the little craft would make for an
anchorage, and in this way thirteen days
were spent in port.
"ARTS AND CRAFTS."
First Kxhibitlon of the Guild Associa
tion Is a Success — Society
in Attendance.
The first exhibition of books and print
ing undertaken by the Guild of Arts and
Crafts opened last night at their rooms,
414 Pine street. It was a most creditable
collection of books, original drawings,
etchings, lithographs, engravings — wood,
steel and copper. In fact, every detail of
the printer's art was to be seen, the ex
hibits going back to the fifteenth century,
and then in comparison is shown the
progression of each successive age.
There is an excellent collection of etch
ings, framed and unframed; yuch masters
as Hadin, Rembrandt and Fortuny being
well represented. The etchings are from
the collection of George H. Buckingham,
W. K. Vickery ana A. S. .McDonald.
Mayor Sutro has loaned a rare lot of Mexi
can and Spanish books and a few etchings
which he gathered in the old country.
The collection of engravings on "wood,
copper and steel are from various sources,
W. K. Vickery, W. D. McCann, W. H.
Reaser, George H. Mastick and others
having contributed. A. M. Robinson fur
nishes the copper-press plant in operation,
the artisans at work on plates specially pre
pared for this exhibition forming an inter
esting feature.
Of original drawings for books and
newspaper illustration. Miss Hobart fur
nishes a splendid collection. The art de
partment of The Call, with drawings by
Kahler, Fisher, Lewis, Partingtonand Van
liarlingen, is one of the attractive features
of the arts and crafts display. The art de
partments of the Examiner and Chronicle
are also represented.
The department of lithography is com
plete in every detail. Illustrations of the
swelled gelatine process, zinc etching, or
zincograph, the Gillot process, half-tone,
embossing, wax engraving and the chalk
process, are on hand in plentiful numbers,
forming as a whole one of the most attrac
tive exhibits to be seen in the hall.
Society apparently takes a deep interest
in anything undertaken by the Guild of
Arts and Crafts, for they attended in force
last night. The exhibition will close Jan
uary 25.
THE HEALY INQJJIRY.
Nothing but Preliminaries Accom
plished So Far, as All the Wit
nesseg Have Not Arrived.
Very little progress, it is expected, will
be made by the Healy board of inquiry
until all the witnesses against the Bear's
captain arrive. So far there has been
nothing done beyond the preliminaries of
organization in room 83 of the Appraisers'
building.
The full personnel of the board as organ
ized is: Captain Daniel B. Hodgson of the
Fessenden, stationed at Detroit, president;
Captain Louis N. Stodder of the Manhat
tan, stationed at New York; Captain W.
C. Couison of the Life-saving Service;
Lieutenant Henry B. Rodgers, comman
der of the Hartley, recorder, and Lieuten
ant \Villiam E. Reynolds of the "Wolcott,
now at Sitka, prosecutor. Lieutenants
Daniels and Emory of the Bear and As
sistant Dorey of the Perry are on hand as
witnesses, but these are all up to date.
The investigation may yet be an open
one — that is, it is optional with the accused
to say whether it shall be secret or public.
He has the right to demand a public in
quiry, and as he has a large number of
friends in the business world, all of whom
would testify in his favor as to capability
and efficiency, he may do so.
Scott & McCord.
Office and main warehouse removed to 615
and 617 Sixth street, near Brannan. •
78
ALL AGAINST
RE-FUNDING
Enthusiastic State Conven
tion at Metropolitan
Temple.
STIRRING RESOLUTIONS J
The Entire State Well Repre-j
sented and United on the
One Platform.
A PERMANENT ORGANIZATION.
Congress to Be Memorialized and the
Sentiment of California Made
Known at Washington.
"WHEREAS, Several bills arc now
pending in Congress havinjc for their ob
ject the re-funding to the United States
Government of the debts owed by the
Pacific railroads; and.
WHEREAS, The people of California
are deeply interested in this question,
and are now assembled in State conven
tion to express their opinion thereon,
and desire to respectfully submit the fol
lowing :
First — That the United States Govern
ment, by a large grant of land and bonds,
MAYOR SUTRO ADDRESSING THE ANTI - FUNDING STATE CONVENTION AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE, AND
SOME CHARACTERISTIC FREE-HAND SKETCHES OF DELEGATES.
[i>ra*rn from life at the convention by a "Call" artist.]
generously aided the construction of the
Pacific railway.
Second— That the bonds are now partly
due, and the grantee* refuse to pay them
and ask the < ■<> vi mm-nt to exteud, for
Sfty or 100 years, tho time of payment
at half the ruling rates of interest.
Third — That the assets of said railroads
have been fraudulently converted by tho
original stockholders of the Central Pa
cific Railroad Company —II tint ingt on,
Stanford, Hopkins ami Crocker — who and
whose estates now declare the roads arc
bankrupt, while they are each worth
many millions of dollars which right
fully belong to the security.
Fourth — That these same parties have,
by all sorts of illegitimate means, kept
out competing railroad*, and thereby
managed to extort from the people of ;
this coast exorbitant rates of freights
and fares.
Fifth— That these extortions have im
poverished and well nigh ruined our
farmers and brought the country gener- I
ally into a state of abject dependence.
Sixth— That by such legislation they [
would also escape' liability, as trustees I
for the United States, having abstracted '
the assets, constituting ■ large part of
the security and which arc now in their i
possession, and which had been en- <
trusted to their management.
Therefore be it
JIESOLFEIK That we, the citizens of j
California, in Stale convention ansem
bled, hereby enter our solnmn protest |
against the passage by Congress of any
re-funding bill whatever, and demand 1
that the law shall be permitted to take j
it* natural course without interference j
by the legislative branch of the Govern- !
xneut.
RESOLVED, That the President of i
the United States be requested to i
promptly do his executive duty under!
the constitution and statutes, and to in- :
struct the Attorney-General to com- j
mence foreclosure proceedings without :
delay in such form as lo enforce the '
trust and rehabilitate the security itself, !
and be it further
RESOLV Ki>, That our Senators and ;
members of Congress be requested to
punue the course indicated in these res- \
olutions, as representing the wish and ;
demand of ninety-nine out of every
liundred of all the inhabitants of the
State of California and of the Pacittc
Coast.
RESOIjVKI), That the secretary be !
instructed to forward copies of these \
resolution! to the President of the j
United States, his Cabinet, the Judces j
of the United States Supreme Court aud :
the member-* of both houses of Congress, ;
and that a committee of five be ap- j
pointed by the chairman of this convcu
tloa to prepare a memorial to accompany J
these resolutions, with full power to act. j
These are the resolutions that were
unanimously adopted by the State con
vention which met in Metropolitan
Temple yesterday afternoon to voice the
sentiment of the people of California on |
the question of re-funding tne debts owed
to the Federal Government by the Pacific j
railroads.
The convention was called by the Mayors j
of ban Francisco. Oakland, Stockton and j
Sacramento on a representative basis of
one delegate for every 5000 of population |
in the largei cities, one delegate from each j
township of over 500 population, and one
delegate from all other counties.
The convention was an unqualified i
success. It was enthusiastic and unani- j
mous on the main proposition throughout,
and the resolutions were carried by a I
rising vote. The following committee was
chosen to prepare the memorial to Con
gress:
M. M. Estek J. L. Davie
John T. tXrrvt E. M.Gibson
Henry E. lliuhtos adolph Sutro
A. Caminetti.
It devolved upon Mayor Sutro, as chair- i
man of the convention, to name the com- !
mittee. He called upon Messrs. Estee,
Doyle, Heighton, Cannon and Davie to !
serve. And then, by a special vote the I
names of ex-Congressmen Caminetti and
Mayor Sutro were added. Mr. Caminetti
requested the privilege of retiring from
the committee in favor of ex-Judge E. M.
Gibson of Oakland.
A larjre majority of all the delegates in
vited by the call were present when
Mayor Sutro opened the meeting. But
even this number made rather a poor
showing on the floor of the convention
hall, and at first there was some talk of ad- i
journing till next week so as to enable the
distant counties to send their delegates, j
and also to permit a larger representation
from the various counties. It was pro- i
posed by Henry E. Heighton that the call
be amended so as to permit a delegation of
not less than twenty-five from each county
to be present. This question was discussed
a little, but before it was seriously consid
ered, Taylor Rogers, the temporary secre
tary, had examined the credentials and
found that the entire State was fairly well
represented on the floor of the convention.
Some of the delegates had made the dis
covery at the same time, and the end of
the preliminary discussion was that the
convention resolved to get down at once
to business.
Mayor Sutro explained that the call was
in no sense for a mass-meeting, but for a
convention of delegates from the various
districts. Considering the nature of the
call it was found that the convention was
well attended. This fact was even the
better realized when several of the country
delegates announced that they had great
difficulty in reaching the City in time, and
that in some of their neighbor counties
there had not been sufficient time to permit
the selection of a proper delegate.
Proceeding to the business of temporary
and then permanent organization, upon
motion of Mr. Highton, Mayor Sutro was
unanimously chosen first temporary and
then permanent chairman of the conven
tion by a rising vote, and in the same
order, upon the motion of Max Popper,
Taylor Rogers was selected as the perma
nent secretary.
Communications were then read from a
number of prominent men in all parts of
the State who were unable to be present.
All of them expressed the utmost nympa
thy with the anti-funding movement and
the best wishes for the success of the con
vention.
Among the communications read was
the following telegram from W. R. Hearst,
dated New York, January 17:
Railroad combinations so strong in Wash
ington, it seems almost impossible to break
them; yet certainly it is the duty of all
having interest of the Pacific Coast at heart
to make the most strenuous efforts. 1 will
send Davenport from here, and the Journal
will use whatever power it has to assist.
\V. R. Hearst.
Another communication, from Charles
M. Shortridge, was as follows:
San Francisco, Jan. 17, 1896.
Eon. Adolph Hutro, City— My Deab Sib: Your
THE SAN FK Ay CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
Invitation card requesting my presence at the
mass-meeting in opposition to the funding bill,
to be held on Saturday evening, the 18th inst.,
is at hand. I regret to state that on account of
my enforced absence from the City, I shall be
unable to be present at the meeting.
I Bincerely trust that the meeting will be a
success in every way, and will do much to aid
m defeating the audacious ana outrageous
scheme, in the forn of the funding bill, now
pending in Congress, the success of which
would entail upon California, for fifty years to
cotue, the burden of discharging the enormous
and-increasing obligation of the aided rogues.
I deem it of great importance that tne mass
meeting should be confined, as to its result, to
the precise question before it, viz.: the expres
sion in emphatic terms of the opposition of the
whole people of California to the funding bill.
To go beyond this, and indulge in either the-
ories or resolutions as to the best means to be
adopted by the Government for the solution of
this railroad problem would, It seems to me. [
be most unwise, and would be more than likely i
to involve the meeting in a discordant debate :
over issues which are not logically or properly ;
before it.
Again regretting my inability to be present, |
I beg to remain yours very truly,
Charles M. Shortkidgk.
The following telegram was received i
from one of Mayor Sutro'a trusted Eastern
agents:
Washington, D. C, Janunry 17, 1896.
A. Sutro. Mayor of San Francisco: Huntlngton
is organizing some secret particular dodge.
Has distributed some circulars among select
Congressmen, which others cannot see. I j
cannot find what it is yet.
From Visalia came a resolution couctfed
in terms fully coinciding with those ulti
mately expressed in the resolutions
adopted by the convention. These resolu- I
tions were forwaraed by Ben M. Mudaox, J
who had been chosen to represent Visalia
at the convention, but was unable to at- j
tend. It was also signed and indorsed by ,
the Board of Supervisors of Tulare County, '
as follows: T. E. Henderson (cnairman), ■
T. B. Twadeler, S. M. Gilliam, S. L. N. j
Ellis and J. H. Grimsley.
W. P. Ink, chairman of the Board of
Trustees of Cloverdale, forwarded a reso
lution, the substance of which was: ''Our
people want to see the funding bill de
feated."
Resolutions came also from a mass
meeting held in Newcastle. They were
signed by the chairman, A. J. Shellham
mer, and the secretary, Ed Katzenstein,
and were couched in plain and strong
words denouncing the funding bill. The
mass-meeting was held on January 16, and
the resolutions were adopted unanimously.
From Colusa came the following resolu
tions, passed at a mass-meeting of the citi
zens on January 13:
Whereas, We believe that strenuous efforts
are being made to pass a funding bill in Con
gress, extending the time for settlement of the
debts of the Central and Union Pacific Rail
road companies with the Government; and
whereas, the citizens of Colusa, in mass-meet
ing assembled, believe it to be inexpedient to
so extend the time; therefore be it
Be solved, That we are opposed to the passage
of a funding bill, or a bill in any form whatever,
that will extend the time of settlement of this
just debt. Frank Wilkins, Chairman.
Ed. St. Maurice, Secietary.
Another communication, signed by P.
T. Boone, president of the Board of Trust
ees, and H. V. Keeling, Town Clerk of
Lakeport, contained the following lan
guage:
We voice the sentiments of this town by de
claring that all are unanimously united against
the funding bill, believing it to be an in
iquitous measure, and its passage would be a
National disgrace. We applaud your action
and add this, our small but determined voice,
to the success of your effort.
On motion of George K. Fitch, the chair
man was empowered to appoint a com
mittee on resolutions. Mayor Sutro ap- ;
pointed the following, giving them an
hour in which to propose a set of resolu
tions which would embody the sense of
the assembled delegates:
George K. Fitch, San Francisco; J. L. Davle.
Mayor of Oakland; H. M. Baggs, Mayor of
Stockton; Robert Brown, Sacramento; B. A.
Ostrom, Yuba; John T. Doyle and Henry E.
Highton, San Francisco; M. M. Estee, Kapa;
Marion Cannon, Ventura; I. J. Truman, Gavin
McNab and Colonel T. F. Barry, San Francisco;
Ben Morgan, Oakland.
Upon the retirement of the committee
on resolutions, Mayor Sutro was roundly
applauded as he stepped forward and
made the following brief address:
Gentlemen of the Convention:
There is a tide in the affairs of men
Which, taken at its flood, leads on to fortune.
Omitted, all the voyage of their lives
Is bound In shallows and in miseries.
That tide has come: the tide of popular feel
ing against tne encroachments, the oppres
sions ana the villainies of the powers which
rule over us; that octopus, which, with brazen
assurance, now stands before Congress, asking
that its crimes be condoned and that it be
given for all time the property it has converted
from the Government.
Let us all work together to beat the funding
bill and we may escape the shaliows and the
miseries of half a century to come.
Let one shout go up from all the throats of
the people on the Pacific Coast and grow in
volume till it will reverberate from the Pacific
to the Atlantic shores— "Defeat the funding
bill"— for its passage means the enslavement,
the degradation, the downfall of our people
and the triumph of all that is vile in human
life and affairs.
The men who now lord It over us have from
year to year grown in insolence and arrogance.
They have set at defiance our laws, they havt
bribed judges, packed juries, and, through a
system of bossism, corrupted and controlled
our elections and introduced a system of es
pionag and punishment of opponents which has
well nigh made slaves and cowards of our citi
zens.
Our noble constitution ana laws have been
set aside, they have been supplanted by the
mandates of the octopus, who in secret con
clave sits as judge and jury and decides who
shall be rewarded and who shall bo punished.
It holds out both arms ; In one hand a sack of
money, in the other the Bssassins dagger, and
cries out to. the people, "Take your choice; if
you do our bidding we will reward, enrich you
and give you office, honor and a foremost place
in society; if you oppose us, we will ruin yon
financially, socially, and we will disgrace
you."
American citizens, descendants of Revolu
tionary fathers, will you stand this? Will you
permit these low-minded villains to take from
you your birthright, your citizenship, your
flag, your legal rights? Will you become cow
ards and slaves and do the bidding of these
highwaymen?
That you will do if you permit this funding
bill to become a law. For fifty more years you
will be deprived of your rights as American
citizens. For fifty years you will be ground to
the dust. For fifty years the last cent you
posseu will be squeezed out of you, nn<i during
all that time the farmer, the mechanic, the
laborer will be permitted to barely exist, while
your masters take from you the result of your
labors and productions.
Bribery and corruption carry the day; hon
esty and honor are at a discount; we are
forced into acts of cowardice and slavery, be
cause individuals are helpless and cannot re
sist.
Let us make one united, supreme effort, and
pray Congress to turn a deaf ear to the false
pleas of our oppressors, who, through the aid
of a venal press, are trying to impress on Con
gress that but a few agitators are at the back of
this movement, while as a matter of fact the
people, with the exception of a few flunkies,
hirelings and dependants of the octopus, are a
unit on this overwhelmingly important ques
tion of the defeat of the funding of the Pacific
railroad debts.
Let resolutions go forth to Congress which
cannot be misunderstood. Let it be shown
that our liberties must not be destroyed by
handing us over body and soul to the octopus
for half a century to come; that Congress has
no richt to fasten on us a monopoly which will
exclude all competing railroads from coming
to California.
Our Government has three branches— the
legislative, the executive and the judicial.
Alter legislative action in favor of these rail
roads Congress has no right to interfere. It
belongs to the Executive Department to carry
into effect the law, and to the judiciary to de
fine it.
It is the President's duty to request the At-
torney-General to commence foreclosure pro
ceedings and thereunderlet these roads be sold
to the highest bidder.
Again, I say, this is a momentous time in our
affairs, and if the unanimous voice of the peo
ple is heard in thunder tones at Washington
right, honor and justice may yet prevail.
Dr. Cleveland then took the platform
and made a ringing speech that was heart
ily applauded. He characterized the atti
tude of Mr. Huntington in asking that the
debt of the Pacific railroads be refunded
again, for the seventh time, as a piece of
monumental impudence. But Congress
could uo longer act in ignorance on the
question, he declared. Any man who
voted for the bill, or any President who
should sign it, would be a traitor to his
country and to the people, for he must do
it with his eyes wide open.
In concluding his brief address he eulo
gized the chairman of the convention and
predicted the ultimate triumph of the inter
ests of the whole people over those of a
railroad monopoly that had in years past
bribed Congressmen and legislators and
which stands ready to gain its own infa
mous ends to-day by the same methods.
Mr. Rogers addressed the convention,
first requesting those in the galleries to
come down to the main floor, the band
meanwhile playing "Columbia, the Gem
of the Ocean." He said equality of all
men before the law was the basis of this
Government. This fundamental principle
was directly assaulted by the funding bilJ.
If one man, or one set of men, could go
roughshod over the laws and the cher
ished institutions of the Republic, in that
day American liberty would be at an end.
He said:
What are we coming to in California? Where
is the man in our own City who dares to stand
up before this villainous corporation and say
that his soul is his own? Not a pound of
human flesh enters or leaves our City without
paying tribute to this monster. Tne mer
chants, the business men of San Francisco, are
utter cowards when brought face to face with
the railway magnates. We ought to strain
every nerve and put forth every endeavor in
order to crush and defeat this damnable bill.
Yet how weak and unmanly is the attitude
of the average California business man in
relation to this weighty issue 1 From
the East we can expect nothing. The people
there areas a rule densely ignorant regard
ing California, its people and the California
needs. If anything is to be done we must do
it ourselves, and lose no time doing it if we
wish to save our State from slavery.
James H. Barry, editor of the Star, made
a stirring speech against the bill, which he
characterized as one of the most infamous
measures ever broached in the world's his
tory:
We all know how the railway nas terrorized
and subjugated the business men of this State.
They, of all others, ought to be in the front
rank in this fight against the funding bill.
Every man of them would hail with joy the
establishment of a Government railway sys
tem. But they fear to be crushed by the ini
quitous corporation which rules our State.
Let us not be deceived. If anything is to be
ilone we, the people of the State, must do It.
F. J. Sullivan was the next speaker. He
said the Government should conduct the
railways, and he contended that any
member of Congress who could vote in
favor of the funding bilJ would be recreant
to a sacred trust and altogether unworthy
of any post of public confidence. He said
he had been deprived of all hope of
political advancement through the mach
inations of the railway kings, and he
referred in caustic terms to the influence
of Southern Pacific gold in Congress.
Colonel Barry then announced that the
committee on resolutions was ready to
report, whereupon the Mayor ordered the
resolutions read.
Eugene Hough of Oakland got the floor
after the reading of the resolutions. He
ottered an amendment providing that the
Pacific railroads should be taken by the
Government and run for the benefit of the
whole people.
His amendment was roundly applauded
by those not delegates, and particularly
by Denis Kearney, whose enthusiasm was
amusing to those who noticed it.
Mr. Hough followed up his amendment
by a ringing speech in favor of Govern
ment ownership of railroads, saying that
the people he represented demanded not
only that the funding bill should be killed,
but that the Federal Government take
possession of the railroads.
He was followed by Henry E. Highton,
who calmly pointed out the necessity for
the convention standing together unani
mously on the resolutions as reported, and
not burdeninc them with issues, which,
though excellent in themselves, many
honest men could not agree upon.
John Gilder of Oakland spoke to the
amendment. He made a strong speech
for Government ownership, and said that
the people he represented wanted it put
past the power of Mr. Huntington to buy
in the Pacific railroads and continue them
under the present regime.
Gavin McNab secured the floor and
pointed out that if it is true that when
thieves fell out honest men get their dues,
it is also true that when honest men fall
out thieves are apt to get more than their
dues. He wanted the convention to stick
to the single proposition of fighting the
refunding bill and to consider the Govern
ment ownership at some other time and
as a separate measure.
Taylor Rogers spoke to the same effect,
declaring himself decidedly in favor of
Government ownership of railroads, but
deprecating any attempt to load down the
resolutions with planks upon which every
honest and fearless man in the State could
not unite.
Chairman Sutro pointed out that noth
ing could please Mr. Hnntington more than
to have an amendment such as that pro
posed by Mr. Hough inserted in the reso
lutions. That would give him the very
chance he wanted of misrepresenting the
whole matter to the Eastern Congressmen
who are not familiar with the question.
Then he ruled the amendment out of
order, under the call which gave birth to
the convention.
This course was heartily approved by
the delegates, even by those who were the
strongest advocates of Government owner
ship, and the resolutions were passed
unanimously.
Then, as if to prove the words of Mayor
Sutro, Denis Kearney — though not a dele
gate — jumped to his feet and tried to raise
a technical point in favor of the amend
ment.
At once a dozen delegates jumped up
and demanded that no outsiders be per
mitted to speak. Denis Kearney kept
on. but his voice was drowned by cries of
"Put him out!"
Mr. Highton moved the appointment of
a sergeant-at-arms to remove from the
hall all persons not delegates who Insisted
upon speaking. Taylor Rogers called
upon the policemen at the door to do their
duty. Kearney gave up the floor and
went out of the hall.
After the appointment of the committee
on memorializing Congress Mr. Highton
moved that the convention adjourn, to be j
called together aeain whenever, in the
judgment of Mayor Sutro. there should be
further work for it to perform. In spite of
the shortness of the time since tne call for
the convention was promulgated nearly 70
per cent of the delegates created under the
terms of the call were present. Their
names are as follows :
Alamcda— B. C. Brown, Green Majors, Charles
E. Naylor, E. M. Gibson, J. M. Bassett, T. J.
Roberts, J. F. W. Sohst, F. R. Girard, Ben Mor
gan, John Gelder, H. McKinnon, Eugene
Hough.
Amador— A. Caminettl.
Fresno— D. F. Fowler. George A. Noursa.
Humboldt— Robert Burns.
Sacramento— Robert Brown.
Bolano — E. M. Billings.
Sonoma— J. C. Sines, D. E. McKlnlay, W. P.
Ink.
Tulare— Ben M. Maddox.
Ventura— Marion Cannon.
Yolo— D. A. Ohtrom.
San Francisco — Joseph Brltton, James H.
Barry, Colonel Thomas F. Barry, E. S. Barney,
W. J. Biggy, Dr. C. D. Cleveland, E. A. Den
nicke, Joseph I. Diniond, Henry L. Davis, J. T.
Doyle, George K. Fitcn, M. Greenblat, Henry E.
Highton, J. C. Jordan, A. B. Kinne, Joseph
Leggett, Stewart Menzics, Gavin McNab, E. W.
McKinstry, B. McKinne, J. H. Moore, M. Mc-
Glynn, Max Popper, Taylor Rogers, Charles
Wesley Reed, Colonel James F. Bmitn, Mark
Sheldon, F. J. Sullivan, I. J. Truman, Isaac
Upham, P. N. Wellin.
SAM IS STILL AT LARGE
The Chinese Letter-Thief Did
Not Try to Board the
Steamer Peru.
Efforts of the Postal Inspectors to
Capture Him Were Again Baf
fled Yesterday.
Sam Yick, or rather, Sam Hing, the
leader of the gang of young Chinese
"Native Sons" who succeeded in looting
the Postoffice boxes of Fong Hai & Co.!
715 Dupont street; Tsue Chong "Wing Mon
Kee & Co., 715 Commercial street; and
Chew Ying Lung, 738 Sacramento street,
and getting about $2003 worth of money
orders and checks by the scheme, has not
yet been apprehended by the Postal
Inspectors.
Inspectors Munro and Thrall were at the
Pacific Mail dock when the steamer Peru
left for China yesterday afternoon, bnt
Sam Hing did not put in an appearance.
Louie Quong, merchant and interpreter, is
of the opinion that Sam went over to Oak
land, intending to take an early train for
the East. There were enough of Federal
otlirers on hand at the steamer's departure
to have captured any number of Mon
golian letter-thieves, had there been any
insight, for Deputy Collector of Customs
Jerome, Marshal Baldwin, Surveyor Eng
lish and Deputy Surveyor Ruddell all had
business there about that time.
It was learned yesterday that the Bank
of California, the Nevada Bank, the First
National Bank, Wells, Fargo <fe Co. and
Sutro & Co. had honored the forgeries of
Sam Hing and the identification of Hue
Tin Foo. A check for $140, payable to
Fong Hai <fc Co., was cashed by the Bank
of California, and the Bank of Nevada paid
a $35 check. Tsue Chonc Wine Mon Kee
&■ Co. know of three checks of $60, $10 and
$56, respectively, which the banks had al
lowed themselves to pay to Sam Hing.
The explanation Hue Tin Foo gives of
his connection with the gang is a plausible
one. The urbane youna business repre
sentative of Man Lee & Co. of 709 Dupont
street says Sam Hing told him a short
time ago that he had stolen letters from
the Postoffioe boxes, ana bat for that he
would not have known an y thing about it.
When he identified Sam Hing to Sutro &
Co., he explains further, he did hot then
know about his crooked work, and sup
posed everything was all right. Sam Hing
has not been employed by the firm of Man
Yick & Co. of 1017 Dupont street for some
time, it was stated by the manager.
The arrangement of the Postofiice boxes
is such that those of Fong Hai & Co. and
Tsue Chong Wing Mon Kee & Co. could
be emptied of their contents by any per
son reaching through the box of Chew
Ying Lune, because the last mentioned
box is between the other two and they im
mediately adjoin it. Chew Ying Lung &
Co., however, say it could not have bten
their young man who did the stealing.
The box of Man Lee & Co. is a considerable
distance away according to Hue Tin Foo.
In recalling Sam Hing's conversation
Tin Foo stated yesterday that Sam had
told him his method had been to call at
the Postoffice about 7:30 a. m. and 9 p. m.
every day and ask the clerk on duty for
the letters of his victims and that he re
ceived them. This is denied at the Post
office, and the denial is based upon an ex
planation that there is a written rule that
n< y? ai i should be § iven out in that way.
lhe Nevada Bank made good yesterday
the $35 check to which Sam Hing had
forged the name of Fong Hai & Co. and
paid the money over to the firm. The
postoffice money-order which Sam had
forged was for $200, payable to Fong Hai &
Co., and in connection with this be hud
worked his scheme of making small pur
e ases on Getz Bros. &, Co., at 111 and
115 California street. Sam Hing made an
effort late Friday to square himself with
oue of the firms he had victimized, so it
was reported in Chinatown yesterday, by
paying back some of the nioney he had
tasen, but this could not be verified.
COSTLY AFFECTIONS.
They Belong to Mrs. Curtis aud She
Sues for Damages for Their
Alienation.
Mrs. Emma A. Curtis of 1311 Green
street wants $10,000 worth of damages
from Miss Leonora Miles. She says Miss
Miles has alienated the Curtis affections
from their legitimate object, causing
thereby a divorce and much worry and
trouble.
Mrs. Curtis married Henry C. Curtis in
April, 1874. They lived together for ten
years and then she went Ea<t^ on a visit,
leaving her husband home. When she re
turned she noticed that he had siiigularly
changed and seeking for a cause she ascer
tained that he had secured a divorce in
Suttcr County ani was no lon per her hus
band. She went to the Judge who had
granted the divorce and upon her testi
mony the decree was set aside.
Mrs. Curtis still sought for the cause of
it all and finally, she claims, she found it
in Miss Miles." She says Miss Miles has
lured the susceptible Curtis away and she
wants damages for his defection from
what sue thinks is the cause of it.
A BROADSWORD CONTEST.
Sergeant Owen Davis »nd Ivan Malchin
• Are Matched at Last.
Ivan Malchin, a Russian swordsman
who is at present the fencing instructor of
the Young Men's Christian Association of
this City, and Sergeant Owen Davis of the
Presidio signed the following agreement
last evening to meet in a broadsword con
test, at some date to be hereafter agreed
upon :
Articles of agreement entered Into between
Owen Davis ami Ivan Malchin, at Pan Fran
cisco, Cal., this 18th day of January. 1896.
Witnesseth: That said Davis and Mnlohin agree
to fence a contest with broadswords, in the
City of San Francisco, within two weeks from
date hereof, at any place hereinafter mutually
agreed upon. Said contest to consist of two
bouts of twenty-nine attacks mounted and
twenty-r.ine attacks on foot, the contestant
scoring the first fifteen points in each to be
declared the winner ot such bout, and the one
making the greatest number of points in all to
be declared the winn-rof the contest for the
championship of America and the stake of
: $1000. Enrh contestant shall be allowed a
second of nis own approval, witn a mutual
referee to decide for both.
As an evidence of good faith the parties
hereto each agree to place a deposit of $250 in
the hands of Dr. H. Louis Dietz of 40 Erio
street, City, and the balance— s>7oo— to be de-
I posited with said stake-holder three days be
j fore the day of the contest. Either party fail
ing to comply with this agreement forfeits the
money on deposit. The decision of the referea
shall be final. Owen Davis,
Ivan Machlin",
Contestants.
Witness, C. B. Solms.
Stake-holder, H. Louis Dietz.
NO COST
FREE!
It costs you nothing for a trial. It cost*
ns nothing to give you a trial. The
English Company pays for it; so If yon
are suffering from
CATARRH OF THE NOSE, s
Or CATARRH OF THE THROAT
Or AIR PASSAGES,
Call and get DR. McKENZIE'S CA-
TARRH TREATMENT. The first
- treatment is free. It cures Catarrh, we
give you our word; it has been tried
and proved.
MIGHTY LITTLE
PRICES PREVAIL!
Cuticura, 15c; Brandreth, Beecham, Ayers,
Hoods. Pills, 15c; Chest Projector. 25c;
Sponges, 10c; Syrup of Figs, 35c; Joy's and
Hood's Sarsaparilla, 65c; Kosinweed Cough
Cure, 50c.
BELTS-ELECTRICITY !
There are lots— car-loads of belts on the mar-
ket, some good, some bad, some indifferent,
Some cheap, some dear, some that don't
have any electricity, only the cut looks like
electricity. If you are searching for Belts—
LOOK AT OUR STOCK REMEMBER,
"WHAT YOU GET AT JOY'S IS GOOD."
We meet any price any one may make. So
you get as low as you can get elsewhere, and
"WBAT 101' SET AT JOY'S IS GOOD."
JOY'S BALDWIN PHARMACY
(UNDER BALDWIN HOTEL).
Powell and Market Sts. f
SAN FRANCISCO.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
fj"^li (hn PC
m l?i \J hh
||| iKiOfli
ON ACCOUNT OF THE FENCE.
Do yon know a bargain If yon see It? If you do
call and examine a line of Ladies' Button and I .are
Shoes which we offer for sale this week.' They are
made of the finest French vici kid, nnd have very
pointed toes and pointed patent-leather tips, and
are hand-sewed welts, and we will sell them for
$2.65,
And being hand-sewed welts, they are free from
tacks, nails or threads. They are perfect titters,
and are made in the very latest stylo. Button or
lace, all sizes, all widths.* The regular price $-4.
SPECIAL SALE OF SMALL SIZES.
Nos. 2V2. 3, Zyt and 4. widths AA, A, B, C,
pointed or square toes, all button shoes, worth %\,
$5 and $6. Will sacrifice them for 75c ptr pair.
Guaranteed in perfect condition.
<^"Country orders niuuiiw.
AarSeud for New Illustrated Catalogue
Address B. KATCHINSKI,
B. KATCHINSKI.
10 Third Street, San Fr.inclioo.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
SjJSy ™EGVICeS oF slg
*L.C°,«ENTPHWICIAN 3
fjj& AND MEDICI/HE
pk furnn.hed for 35 per month f~-~
j/BpL Hh Drufidnd fied/cintsdt ~j\
SudrL £^ 6C<? **'*^ T fr
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cures Rheumatism, N'euralcla, Bruises,
. Sprains, Stiff Joints and SvrelUn s
IT STOPS ALL PAIN. *
ALL DRUGGISTS SELL IT
60 CENTS AM> «1 \ BOTTLE.GALLANT WON GALLOPING.
Took the Palo Alto Stakes From
a Brilliant Field of
Mudlarks.
PEPPER FINISHED SECOND.
Coupon Scores Another Win—Silver
ado a Surprise— The Crowd Over
looked Strathmeath.
Nine out of every ten of the large
crowd of racegoers tiiat started for
Ingleside racecourse yesterday fully ex
pected to sac the rich Palo Alto stakes,
worth $1500 to the first horse, decided in a
sea of mud. What, then, was their sur
prise to gaze upon a track that Jooked as
though it had been undergoing the drying
process from the sun's rays for a week, in
of one that had been flooded only
the day previous by a tierce storm. Ingle
eide is beyond question the ideal winter
racing-track of the country.
■ ulation in the big betting-ring was
heavy as usual, sixteen bookmakers hav
ing all they could attend to. Two favor
ites and three outsiders took purses, so
that honors were easy at the end of the
day.
Gallant, the worthy son of Fellowcharm,
rare fettle and fairly reveling in
the heavy going, carried President Spreck
els' red, white and blue colors to the fore
in the event of the day. He was cleverly
piloted by "Joe" Piggott. It was a very
popular victory, and as Piggott took from
the wire ths silken bag containing the
purse, he was tendered an ovation.
The followers of honest liraw Scot were
in mourning after the last race, as the
judges found it necessary to disqualify
him for the place on account of his iockev's
foul riding.
It wouid be hard to gather together a
better field of milers all with a fondness
for heavy going than the nine thai laced
the flag in the stake event, which was
third on the card. It was a ?ellinj_
beaten horses not liable to claim. E;ich of
carters was entered at a valuation of
Pat Dunne's brown colt Pepper was
a red-hoc hrst choice in the betting. From
7 to 5 the odds against him were quickly
cut to 11 to 10. In fact from the way the
prices against the other starters "were
raised it would indicate the Eastern horse
had already annexed the prir.e for his
owner. The Spreckels pair, Gallant and
Cadmus, opened at 5 and receded to 7 to 1.
Wheel of Fortune, Koma, Thornhill and
Highland all went back several points.
Olive reached 15 and was backed down to
8, and Cabrillo also received some support.
The boys gave Starter raldwell consider
able trouble at the post in their anxiety to
get away. The flag finally sent tnem off
well lined up, with "Wheel of Fortune,
Highland and Olive quickest in motion
snowing in front. All were in a hurry to
make the first turn in front to get the
choice of positions, and considerable bump
inc was indulged in. Thornhill and Pepper
faring the worse for it. Piggott, on Gal
lant, got his mount through, and turning
into tne back stretch was leading by three
lengths, followed by Highland and" Wheel
of Fortune heads apart, with Cabrillo a
good fourth. At the haif the leader still
maintained his advantage. The favorite
nad wended his way through the bunch
and was second.
There was slight change as the stretch
was reached, and gradually increasing his
lead. Gallant passed the wire an easy
winner by live lengths. Cadmus came
ft phenomenal rush from the far rear
and wa.- beaten but a short head for the
by the favorite. The winner's time
for the mile was 1:46^.
Walter Hobari's two-year-old Coupon
continues en his winning career. He tooK
the opening three-furlong dash in an or
dinary fraliop. starting at odds of 4 to 5.
Mary X finished second with seven other
'babies" behind her.
A mile dash for selling platers vrith
eight starters^ resulted in a very easy win
for the even-money choice, Ail Over, who
took the lead on tiie far turn and won as
he pleased from Alvarado. Daylight waa
a. distant third.
The mile and a Bixtecnth run over four
hurdles ended in a big surprise. J O C
ruled an 11 to 5 favorite, with Three Forks
a heavily played second choice. There
•were nine other starters. Uncertainty Ira
over the first two jumps, when Three Forks
went out in front. The iatter horse led up
to the last jump, where Silverado joined
him, and after alighting on the opposite
6)de drew away and won easiiy by a length.
Three Forks lasted lo:i^ enough to take
the place from Cicero by a head.
Red Glenn was plunged on by the crowd
for the last race over seven furlongs to get
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Thirty-third Day of the Winter .Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Fine
■ Track Muddy, ingle.side Track, San Francisco, Saturday, January 18, 1896.
*^"^*7 FIRST RACE— furlongs; two-year-olds; penalties; purse $400.
Index.
Horse, weight.
I St 'l
•A
Str.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. CI
(542) Coupon 112 4
542 MaryK 107 1
642 Gordon 110 7
J-adyLaurelwood.lo7 8
542 Bergen 110 2
Alma Dale 110 6
542 Isola. 107 3
Bed Panther. 107 9
ToneH 107 5
74 | 13 Mi11er...........
lh 22 . Chorn
3"_ i BVi Hennessy
' 63 43 E. Jones
5 2 ! 6V_ Bergen
4 3 ! 62 Ballard
24 74 Piggott
9 .86 Coady
■ 8 I 9 Garner
6-5
2
6 .
8
10
8
8
8
5
4-5
2
50
12
40
40
12
100
30
Good start. Won easily. Winner, W. S. Hobart's b. g., by imp. Manerihurst-My Badge. At post
minutes. Time, :39J_>. -?•-,-*
"^"".Q SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
Index.
j Horse, age, weight, J St. I
*V 4 j Va j ._ Str. j Fin. : I
2* 2 2 1 1 h 13 j 13 ■
5 3 3 5 -2 4 2 3 2 8 j
71 52 64 31 3 *A
13 I*_ 35. 5 2 : 43" j
«li 10 ! 610 6 .62
*._ 41 4iA 4*_ ! 620 i
3 1 6 3 '_() 7 j 720 i
18 18 8 8 8
1 Betting,
pp. CI.
8-0 All Over, 4 99 6
(536),Alvarado, 3 85 7
644 j Daylight, 3 84 1 8
548 _r__el, 5 104 4
(540) j Fort una, 5 1011 2
560 Our Maggie, 6.... 99 1
549 Modesto?- 103 3
638 I Irish Chief, a 107 5
Cochran i
! Hewitt :
Reidjr i
K. Jones
ICoady ...:.
Garner'
i Donnelly
Hennessy
I 1
3
10
8
6
8-
-50
150
1
6
80
20
15-2
7-2
300
.300
Good start. Won easily. Winner, P. Dunne's b. c, by Hanover- Deceit. Time, 1:47,
Q THIRD RACE— mile; the Palo Alto stakes; selling: three-year-olds and up; value"81850.
Index. Horse age, weight. '
St,
Vi
I
•V.
.Fin.
i Betting.
Op. . CI.
648 Gallant, 4 101 8
626 I Pepper, 4 101 4
415 Cadmus, 6 106 7
(5-0) Olive, 4 96 6
(514)'WheetofFortne,4 96 %
(550),T_ornh!ll, 5. 106 1
604 ICabrlllO, 4 101 i 8
550 Highland, a 103 5
636 |Ro_)a,4 96| 9
18 13 13
6TV4 2 % 2 1
99 8 1
6Vi : 61 .31
8 h 7 8 6 y_
8 3 | 8 2 9
4 1 i 3 h 4Vi
2h4 1 5 2
7 5 61 j 72
13
*?*
32
6
9
4 1
5 1
8
14 PlegOtt
2 "/_ Cochran.
3h [Be-g-fJ
4 4 Garner
5 2 I Donnelly ..'
6 10 ICoady
78 Barns
8 _, Chorn
9 |Hewitt
6
11-10
*
15
6
5
I
7
5 .
60
8
1
•
10
12
6
6
15
80
Good dart. Won easily. Winner, A. _. Spreckels* b.
:46*i_. At post 25 minutes. *Cod pled with Gallant.
, FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; hurdles; handicap; purse $400.
525 Silverado, a 130 .*"
362 Three forks, 5....135 4
537 Cicero, a 135 111
655 Uncertainty, a.... 132 1
476 lOC, 4...: 153 _
.')'-.'. "Connie B. a 180 6
3.2 Guadaloupe. a 130 «
-07 Soon Enough, 4. .130 8
499 Great Falls, 8 132 10
491 Alexis, 6..; 180 7
545 I Johnny Payne, 5.130 3
Horse, age, weigh-
| St.
Std. I Vi
21 j 32
4 1 ! _ ' _
6 2 I 5 . 2
1". 12
61 6 4
8 8 20
9 9
7 73
3b 43
10*
11« ......
Va !
!
31 ,
lIJ
2 1
6 10
71
V
9
8 20
4 3
% Str. I Fin. I
2 2 2 2 ! 1 1' .
12 l%2i_
4 5 4 4 3 1/3
3 3 88 4_o |
5 3 510 , 5 'i
720 620 660
9 8 7 10 ,
87 8 ,
66 *•
Mi.-<'ulloug*_
Cairns
J. Owens
[Madden
j Hennessy
XV. Kin_
j Mr. Bagot
Higgins
Hit mm
Ensbury .-.
Allworth
Betting.
Op. CI.
6 8 :
8 5-2
5 5
15 15
a 11-5
20 .60
30 60
15 15
30 100
15 40
12 20
I
*>d (-tan. Won handily. Winner, K. Corrlgan'sch. h., by Rutherford -Josle C.
Time, 2:038/4. -Fell first jump. "•Fell last jump.
At post 18 mln-
J FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; telling; three-year-olds and up; purse $400.
Index, j Horse, age. weight. j St.
y%
till, !^, ralhmea *-n, a, ..113
__.. ___* Scot - a—- -103
<*?.' Ke-lOlenn.s 101
535 Minnie Ccc, a 99
.7. !_'' m V 8 - 5 104
•i.-> bcimlter, 3... ok
(622) Shield Bearer..'. '.loi
8
6
1
4
2
7
I
If
43
31
lh
7-
-2 I
63
64
43
21
3V_
11
2 lV a
4 11
54
34
6 10
7 • I
1 ._ i
1 2
41
5
3 3
6
7
23
I 1 Doggett
*2h Chorn
I 32 C0ady......
4 15 Garner
B'A E. Jones. .-
0 2 E. Donnelly.....
7 H.Martin
3 7-2
a 12-5
2 13-10
10 12
15 20
30 50
! 10 20
•Disqualified for crowding. '. : " ' ; : : ~" 7
Be.-:3_3'' t ' Won tat:iy - Winner, G. B. Morris <_ Co.- b. g. by Strathmore-Flower of the Heath.
even. Six to five was always obtainable
against him. Shieldbearer had the field to
the stretch, where Strathmeath assumed the
lead ard won pulling up. In a hard drive
Braw Scot beat the favorite a head for the
place, but was disqualified for fouling
Minnie Ccc and placed last. As good as
5 to 1 was obtainable against the winner.
Track and Paddock Items.
Walter Hobart backed his youngster
Coupon quite extensively. Johnny Cole
man took a $500 bet from the young mil
lionaire. He showed himself a real
clinker against the lot he was pitted
against and it remains to be seen what he
will do with some of the good ones. Miller,
who rode him in yesterday's race, got cut
off soon after the flag fell, but his mount
fairly walked through his field in the
stretch.
Secretary Leake jokingly informed the
members of the press yesterday that at a
meeting of the directors of the new Jockey
Club, held Friday evening, a vote of cen
sure was passed upon nim for puttine the
club to the expense of building an inner
track for rainy-weather racing with such
an uncomparable one as the main course
appears to be.
Johnny Payne and Alexis fell at the first
jump in the hurdle race. Allmark, who
rode the former, had a narrow escape
from injury.
Ed Purser backed Gallant for the place
in the stake event.
lliley Grannan stood to make a "killing"
on Olive
Lovdal and a number of other members
of the Burns and Waterhouse string ar
rived at the track from San Jose yester
day.
Pepper was badly interfered with at the
first turn, Cochran almo6t having to pull
up. But for this accident he would un
doubtedly have been much closer up at
the end.
DEFECTIVE PAVING.
The Crossing of Bay and Jones Streets
Condemned by Street Expert
Elder.
Mayor Sutro is keeping a close watch on
the manner in which street contracts are
being carried out and has expert G. W.
Elder examine each job as the recommen
dation of the Superintendent of Streets
that he sign the acceptance comes in.
Lftose work in laying pavement and put
ting in crossings has apparently been
going on, for a job that was accepted by
the Superintendent of Streets and recom
mended to the Mayor for his signature was
reported on ac follows yesterday :
I hnve this day made a personal examination
of the crossing 01 ttay ana Jones streets, which
has recently been paved with basalt blocks,
the assessment which is now before you for
your approval.
1 find upon examination that this crossing
has not been paved in accordance with the
specifications required for this class of pave
ment. The recent storm has washed out a
large hole in this pavement. The blocks used
in i he crossing are not up to the size required
in tin' specifications. They are deficient in the
following manner: The .specifications require
that no block shall be used of a greater width
than four inches. The depth also required is
none less thaii seven nor more than seven and
a half.
In some instances those blocks are five inches
in width, exceeding ffte specifications by ona
inch; also a large number are deficient in
depth from one to two inches, all of which is
in Violation of the specifications. The proper
amount of travel has not been used in the con
struction of 'he pavement, and the blocks have
not been laid ia a workmanlike manner. In
many instance- the blocks are from an inch
and a halt to nvo inches apart, and the cross
ing has not the crown as is required in the
ations. The whole crossing is defective
In the manner in which it has been con
structed. I would therefore recommend that
your Honor withhold your signature to the as
sessment until the contractor perfoinis thi.s
work in compliance with the specifications
laid down by the Board of Supervisors. Very
respectfully jours, George W. Eldek.
UNDER INVESTIGATION.
Testimony on the Charges Against
Connty Clerk's Deputy Harry Morris.
J. M. Ellis of 325 Montgomery street has
written to Harry Morris., the accused
County Cierk's deputy, stating that at all
times that he or his clerks have had to pay
the fees for attesting his signature as a
notary, and he offers to testify in Morns'
behalf at any time.
Mr. Molback, who was quoted as having
said he paid money to Morris and was toid
it went into a separate fund, now says he 4
recollects he paid ar, that time, for a
copy of a decree of divorce, and he se
cured it at a different desk. He says he
does not know Morris and has never had
any conversation with him.
Another notary, E. M. Morgan of 14
Bansome, also wrote to the County Clerk.
He said he has had considerable business
with the County Clerk's office as a notary,
and every time he went there he was coiii-
Dclled to go to the Treasurer's oifice to pay
his fees. He said Morris would never ac
cept any money from him. He says ho
wrote voluntarily and without a sugges
tion from any one.
An investigation of Morris' accounts is
in progress, and the charges will be thor
oughly probed.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
RIGHTS OF EXECUTORS
D. M. Delmas' Arguments in
Support of the Last Fair
Contests.
CAN PROPOSE AND OPPOSE.
Questions on the Jurisdiction of the
Court— Mr. Pearson Will Answer
on Friday.
For another two hours the demurrers to
the contests of Marc Levingston and the
teachers' retirement fund to the probate
of the stolen will of James G. Fair were
under argument before Judge Slack. Nor
are they yet concluded, for Mr. Pearson
will answer Mr. Delmas next Friday after
noon.
Mr. Delmas concluded his argument in
support of the contests shortly before 12
o'clock. He followed in his address yes
terday morning the line suggested by his
remarks of Friday afternoon. He main
tained that a party not named under a
statute, but being a legatee under a testa
mentary disposition, has a right to insist
on the recognition of the will in which he
is named. Such offer of a subsequent will
would amount to a contest of the will al
ready on file, but it would only be by
establishing the genuineness of the will
under which he claimed ttiat such a per
son could gain a standing in court. He
cited a case where legatees under the first
codicil of a will were denied inheritance in
the second codicil, but they were allowed
to enter court and contest the validity of
that part of the will— the second codicil—
which acted against them. If a testa
mentary legatee has a right to probite
that will which gives him a legacy, he
must have the right to contest any paper
which conflicts wiin such will.
Continuing, Mr. Delmas said that sup
pose the will of September 21, 1894, the
stolen will, had been admitted to piobate,
and that within a year after the will of
September 24, the pencil will, had been
found, then the parties named in the
second will would have a right to offer
that will for probate. The right to offer
this second will could not be taken away
by reason of the admittance of the first
will, and the very fact of propounding the
first will for probate would amount to a
contest of the probate of the first will.
The admittance of the first will would be
an adjudication that it was the last wiil,
and any paper submitted for probate after
the other had been submitted, must
necessarily be a contest of the first, and
its proof would be an adjudication
that the first was not the last
wiil. Again Mr. Delmas contended
that suppose the will of September 21 were
admitted and the next day the will of
September 24 was discovered, then it would
be the duty of the executors of the second
will to present it for probate. But the
first adjudication must stand until set
aside, and the proponents of the second
will mast first atiack that adjudication.
If they cannot urge duress nor unsound
ness of mind their rights must of necessity
rest upon the genuineness of the will they
offer. They have an undoubted right to
be heard, Mr. Delmas argued, and their
subsequent rights are dependent upon
proving the genuineness of the will of
September 24. In such a procedure only
can they come before the court. They
must contest the will of September 21, and
tho grounds must be that it was not the
last will and that the one they offer is.
Concluding, Mr. Delmas said that the
court had jurisdiction over the estate of
James G. Fair, and it had therefore the
power to hear and determine first, whether
he died testate or intestate, and then, if
testate, which or what is his last will, and
if there were twenty applicants, each pre
senting a different will, the court, it was
argued, could hear them all. And these
proceedings need not be in twenty different
actions, but the whole could be heard at
once and in the presence of all applicants.
Any executor named in the will of Septem
ber 24, 1594, Mr. Delmas said, has a right
to put forward that will for probate, since
it revokes all wills prior to itself, and inci
dental to the right to probate that will the
executors have the right to oppose any
will that may be in conflict with the on
in which he or they are named.
TITLE INSURANCE.
How Titloi Are Closely Examined and
Finally Passed Upon and In
sured,
There is a well-defined, wide and very
common notion, even among those who
pride themselves on a somewhat familiar
knowledge of titles, that the possession of
land after the lapse of a long time in some
way or other cures or removes any defects
of title. The usual answer to an objection
to a tiWe that "Mr. Smith has enjoyed un
interrupted and undisputed possession for
more than twenty years," or "the defect
occurred so long ago that it has long since
been outlawed and consequently has no
force or effect now," is totally and un
qualifiedly wrong. Neither lapse of time
nor possession of land ever gave a good
title to any one.
In this City, where transactions in real
estate are numbered by the thousands
annually, one can reartily form an idea of
the magnitude and importance of the
business done in the Recorder's office and
the consequent difficulty in consulting the
records and indices. After accumulating
all data in connection with a title the ex
aminer must then pass his opinion upon
the validity of the same, assuming in every
instance that the indices and records are
correct.
The title is thus laid bare, and if the rec
ords be correct every flaw stands revealed
to the competent and trained investigator.
He must not only know the Jaw a 8 it now
stands, but also as it existed during every
stage of the title, and be able to tell th*e
force of every instrument affecting it.
Under the ordinary method of title exam
ining there is no absolute protection
afforded the purchaser of real estate.
Every step in the examination of a title is
a perilous one, and fraught with dancers
lurking in records improperly or carelessly
kept.
A policy of insurance upon a title is a
statement that the insurance company
has examined the records of the county
in which the realty is situated, and is
willing to guarantee that the title is perfect.
When a person desires to have a title
examined, it is not necessary to give the
name of the parties to deeds showing who
owned it at different stages of its exist
ence. AH that is required is the location
of the property. A reference to the lot in
the record kept by the title company will
disclose its history. If the title be found
perfect in all respects, it issues a policy
which insures the holder against any loss
which he, his heirs or devisees may sus
tain by reason of any defect of titl* affect
inp the property at the date of the policy ;
and as the company guarantees the cor
rectness of its reports, it cannot escape
liability on the ground of errors of opin
ion, 'ihe California. Title Insurance and
Trust Company binds itself to defend at
its own expense every suit brought against
the title so certified. Its client will be
properly defended without cost to him,
and will be compensated for all loss sus
tained by him. As land enhances in value,
the risk of litigation concerning the title
increases, aud the necessity for title in
surance becomes more apparent.
A decrepit old woman was recently re
leased from the Cincinnati Workhouse
who had had five husbands, each one of
wbom had met a violent death.
__________ __ _-w^ ~^_~-~__________________. NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
■ . «-> 9 !i^r i li=:^stf-*— ■ —
Last week's storm interfered with our Great Midwinter Clearance Sale to such an extent that
it becomes necessary to nearly double our enormous daily output during the balance of the time
allotted the sale TO FORCE OUT EVERYTHING BEFORE IT CLOSES, consequently we have made
another, and such a SWEEPING CUT IN PRICES that the following and all other lines selected
for clearance this week are placed before our patrons at
Only a Fraction of Original Cost or Actual Valuation !
MlljiiullJMlliiQ !
At 10 Cents a Strip.
CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY, in a large va-
riety of patterns, regular price 35c, will
be closed out at 10c per strip of 4>£ to 5
yards long.
At 5 Cents a Yard.
CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK and SWISS GUI-
PURE EMBROIDERY, regular value
12}^c, will be closed out at 5c a yard.
At 1% Cents a Yard.
CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK and SWISS GUI-
PURE EMBROIDERY, regular value
15c, will be closed out at 7%c a yard.
At 10 Cents a Yard.
CAMBRIC. NAINSOOK and SWISS GUI-
PURE EMBROIDERY, regular value
20c, will be closed out at 10c a yard.
At 12 v, Cents a Yard.
CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY,
regular price 20c, will be closed out at
12^'c a yard.
At 15 Cents a Yard.
CAMBRIC GUIPURB EMBROIDERY,
regular vaiue 25c, will be closed out at
15c a yard.
At 20 Cents a Yard.
CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY,
regular value 35c, will be closed out at
20c a yard.
At 25 Cents a Yard.
CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY,
regular value 45c, will be closed out at
25c a yard.
EXTRA SPECIAL,
LACE COLLARETTES, LACE and RIB-
BON YOKES, CHIFFON COLLAR-
ETTES, in all shades, all new styles,
will be closed out at greatly reduced ■
prices.
ABOUT 185 PAIRS FINE WHITE BLANKETS, 130 PIECES CANTON FLANNEL, 50 DOZEN
TURKISH TOWELS and some oddments, which must oe sold at once.
[jlj Murphy Building,,- /
HiFapVpf Hurt Tnnp? Qfpppf?
Uidlibi diill uliiiuA ullcolb.
WONDERS OF COOL GARDIE.
Special Agent Smart on the Re
markable Gold Discov
eries.
The Queer Water " Soaks " or Natural
Bowls— Australian Meat and
Butter Trade.
J. M. Smart, United States special agent
of the Department of Agriculture, Wash
ington, who has been on a tour of Aus
tralia to obtain information concerning
the beef, mutton, butter and cheese pro
ducts and exports, is at the Palace.
Agent Smart spent six mouths at the
Antipodes. He visited the famous Cooi
gardie gold mines and remained some
time. His account of the information
gathered for the department, as well as
what he saw at Coolgardie, is full of in
terest.
"The camp of Coolgardie, where I re
mained most of the time for two months,
is a remarkable place," said Mr. Smart.
"I do not think there is the equal of it on
the earth. It now has from 30,000 to 50,000
people, and it has grown to thi3 size en
tirely in eighteen months. The people aro
largely English-speaking. There are many
Californians there as well as mining men
from other parts of the coast.
"As for the mines they are developing
enormously. The output now is about
$5,000,000 a year, and in tne last twelve
months investments have been made there
and elsewhere in West Australia to the
amount of $15,000,000.
"Coolgardie is the most unattractive
place on the globe. All around it is a com
plete sand uesert. It looks worse than the
Mojave desert. There is very little
water about there, and what they get is
froai 'soaks' or great natural basins In the
rocks. These basins have been filled by
the wind with sand. You di« down in
them anywhere from one to rive feet and
you get water. Tne trouble is to find these
basins, however. The surface everywhere
is the same and you may dig for weeks
and not find anything. The basins are in
size all the way from an acre to two or
three miles across. Were it not for these
; soaks' which are provided by nature no
living thing could exist there.
".New discoveries are being made all the
time at Coolgardie. As for floating stock
companies, we don't know anything about
it here. The stocks are hign, too, and go
ing up every day. The Bailey's Reward,
which was the first mine at Coolgardie, has
480,000 shares, the shares now being worth
$5 each. The Londonderry has been
floated by Colonel North, the nitrate king,
for $5,000,000. In a single pocket was found
gold of the value of $250,000. From this
pocket was taken the Great Ben nugget,
bigger than a bucket and worth over $100,
--000. Another large strike has recently
been made in the Londonderry.
"Dr. Simmß, the great French author on
gold, is now there and buying property
right and left. His syndicates are French
and German. He is the greatest investor
in gold mines on the face of the earth.
"I visited not oniy Coolgardie proper
but Koolgorlie, Siberia, Ninety-mile, Han
nahs and other camps of the district. They
are little places of about 1000 people each.
It is at Hannahs that the great Boulder
mine is situated, the stock of which is sell
ing at a rate that would make the property
worth $17,500,000. /
"Daring the last three or four months
some very fair hotels have been built at
Coolgardie, where a man can stay at from
$3 to $4 a day. They are forming a water
trust now at Coolgardie, with $5,000,000
capital, to get water for the town. I don't
know where they will get it, unless from
the Swan River, 300 miles away, or from
LADIES' CIRCULARS !
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' CIRCULARS, in stripes, value
$1 50, will be closed out at 50c each.
At $1.00.
LADIES' CONNEMARAS, in cloth, in
plaids and stripes, regular value $2, will
be closed out at $1 each.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
At 4 Cents.
ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN
RIBBON, No. 6, assorted colors, one
inch wide, will be closed out at 4c.
At 5 Cents.
ALL-SILK. SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN
RIBBON, No. 7. assorted colors, 1%
inches, will be closed out at sc.
At 20 Cents.
ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN
RIBBON, No. 80, 4\- 2 inches wide, will
be closed out at 20c.
LADIES' KID GLOVES !
At G5 Cents.
1500 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS-
QUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID
GLOVES, in dark, medium and tan
shades, also black, former price $1 25,
marked down to 65c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
1500 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, in colors
and black, former price $1 50, marked
down to 75c a pair.
Iglf Murphy Building, J
Market an! Jones Streets. •;
some great 'soak' or natural bowl, which
may be found on the desert. But Cool
gardie is a great place, anyway.
, "As to my investigations for the Depart
ment of Agriculture, I visited Queensland,
New Zealand, South Australia, West Aus
tralia and New South Wales. I found the
productions of beef, mutton, cheese and
butter enormous. They have gone into
the butter business so extensively that it
is astonishing. Victoria alone exported to
London last" year more than $6,000,000
\\<-rth of butter. Australia's greatest com
petitor to-day in the butter product is
Denmark. No other country can ap
proach it.
"New Zealand stands to-day as the
greatest producer of cheese. It controls
the cheese market of England. The but
ter and cheese exports from the Australian
colonies during the past three years have
averaged $30,000,000 annually.
"Ah to the meat business ill the Aus
trnlian colonies it has grown tremen
dously. Shipments are made to London
fortnightly, each vessel carrying from
50,000 to 75,000 carcasses of mutton and
beef. A live bullock at the seashore in
Australia is worth $6 on the average. In
Chicago he would be worth $40.
"The beef as well as the mutton is frozen,
and is thus shipped. New Zealand leads
in the production of mutton. In the pro
duction of pork only are we ahead. I3ut
our pork has more fat on it than the pork
oJ most other countries, and this brings
the prices down a little. Tlie reason for
this increased fat is partly because of the
corn fed, and partly from the poland
China hogs, which constitute most of our
stock. They carry twenty per cent more
fat than other pork."
Special Agent Smart will make a de
tailed report to the Agricultural Depart
ment of the facts given to The Call. He
will leave for Washington to-night.
A GUARD TROPHY.
Colonel Henry G. Shaw Wants the Con-
ditions of the Centennial IVlatch-
Cup Kestored.
Henry G. Shaw of Stockton sent a com
munication to the Board of Supervisors
yesterday calling attention to the fact that
the Centennial trophy, a cup for which
the Supervisors appropriated $500 in 1576,
is still in existence, and that the condi
tions under which it was presented to
the National Guard are not beine com
plied with. He recites the history of the
trophy, which was to be competed for on
the rifle ranee by the different regiments
of the guard for 100 years, or until 197H,
when it was to become the property of the
regiment winning it in that year. In the
interim the regiment winning the trophy
at each annual shoot was to hold it until
the next contest came off. Mr. Shaw, who
was once a colonel in the guard, states
that the conditions have been so changed
that the regiment winning it two con
secutive years- shall own it absolutely,
'•instead," says Colonel Shaw, "of allow
ing it to stand as a great challenge trophy
to be honorably striven for annually dur
ing the second centennial of the United
States. Such unauthorized action had the
effect of depriving the trophy of its his
toric associations and of its power to in-
Bpire the youth of the City to engage in a
noble contest."
He protests against the changed condi
tions being allowed to stand, and says that
if the cup is not restored to its original
status it should De presented to the Golden
Gate Park Museum.
Sir. Chetwood Spoke Latin.
The following communication has been re
ceived :
Sa?t Francisco, Jan. 18, 1896.
To the Editor of the CoW^-Dear Sir: I desire dis
tinctly to disavow any such statement as that at
tributed to me on nage 7 of your issue of this date,
viz.: that "the roa^l to hell from church emenaln
ments is easy." In an interview, which I had not
sought, but which I could not well refuse, I did
quote the familiar Latin words, ".Facilis Descen
-Bus Averni," but It was in illustration merely of
the tendency from the questionable to the worse
in the methods of raising money for church pur
poses. I have hitherto kept myself and my people
altogether out of thac line, with its downward
grade. That is all I meant by the quotation. As I
Jiave no desire to be considered an extremist In
this matter, I ask that you will kindly publish this
note of explanation. Hobabt Chetwood.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS !
At 1M Cents a Pair.
i 145 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' FTT.I,-
FINISHED HEAVY MIXED
COTTON SOCKS, with double heels
and toes, regular price IUWc, will be
closed out at 7J4c a pair.
At 15 Cents.
122 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE CASH-
MERE WOOL SOCKS, iv sanitary
gray, vicuna and fancy mixed' colors,
extra good value for 25c, will be closed
out at 15c a pair.
At 50 Cents.
76 dozen MEN'S EXTRA HEAVY CAM-
ELS-HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND
DRAWERS (odd sizes), reeular price
$1, will be closed out at 50c each.
At 50 Cents.
65 dozen MEN'S UNDYED WOOL UN-
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, war-
ranted not to shrink, extra value for
85c, will be closed out at 50c each.
At 75 Cents.
55 dozen MEN'S CAMEL S-HAIR UN-
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, ex-
tra well finished, worth $1 '25, will be
closed out at 75c each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
At 90 Cents.
2000 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES
(large buttons to match gloves), all
shades and sizes, former price $1 50,
marked down to 'JOe a pair.
At 90 Cents.
1000 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS-
QUETAIRE GENUINE FRENCH
KID GLOVES, in colors and black,
former price $1 50, marked down to 90c
a pair.
\M[g Murphy Building, j
Market it Jones Streets.
THEIR UNIQUE WELCOME
Feathered Little Ones Break
Their Shells to Receive
School Children.
Oakland Exhibitors Fare Well Against
Fanciers From All Parts of
the State.
Oakland Office Sax Fp.axcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 18. f
One of the most interesting coops in the
Tabernacle show is the one that contains
the Kansas freak. The freak is a fowl
that has a face like a monkey and the ex
hibit is labeled "monkey-faced chicken."
The chicken has no beak, but a month
very similar to that of a monkey, and in
side are a few teeth. It has a flat nose
with nostrils and the facial appearance of
the bead is that of a very small ape. In
side the mouth are a few teeth and it
partly chews what it eats.
The monkey-faced chicken is the prop
erty of W. H. Shear and is 13 months
old. Mr. Shear says it is a genuine Kan
sas freak and, although it does not belong
to any olass and can not be awarded a pre
mium, it is an object of much interest.
To-day was given over to the school
children and hundreds of boys and girl 3
took advantage of the opportunity to learn
a lesson that can never he taught in a pub
lic school.
Among the most successful exhibitors ia
ex-Mayor Charles D. Tierce of Oakland,
who tas completely captured the buff
Leghorn class. * Mr. Pierce is one of the
most enthusiastic amateur chicken-raisers
in the county. He has entered nearly ijfty
birds and with such good result that tub
first, second and third premiums for buff
Leghorn pullets are his, so is the iirst
premium for buff Leghorn cookerila and
the lirst and second premiums for buff
Leghorn hens.
Mr. Pierce is so accustomed to receive
premiums for his Leghorns that he has
specially printed placards for ornament
ing the coops where his pets are on exhibi
tion.
Trustee G. W. Leydecker is a large
exhibitor in the light brahuja class, and
A. N. Bay ley of Oakland has entered some
fine birds in several classes.
The most interesting corner to-day to the
school children was the incubator section.
Several chicks were due to arrive this
afternoon and punctual to time the little
fluffy birds crashed through their shells
and welcomed the many visitors. The
show will be open till next Wednesday
night, including to-morrow.
The Poultry Association held an impor
tant meeting to-night and made a change
of secretaries. President Seed stated that
the board was not satisfied with the ac
counts of Secretary Mecklem, and Mr.
Ruud was appointed in his stsad. There
was much talk of legal proceedings aeainst
Mecklem, but as he refuses to give up his
books no one knows just how he stands.
EXPLOSION OF CYLINDERS.
The Big Double Engine of the liisdon
Works Wrecked.
An accident occurred yesterday iv the
Risdon Iron Works that has paralyzed the
machinery and put a stop to operations in
that establishment for some time to come.
Early in the day the engineer heard a
rumbling sound in the neighborhood of
the cylinders of the main engine. The sound
was of short duration and ended in a ter- '
rific crash. Instantly the engine-room
was full of flying pieces of machinery, and
a minute later the place was filled with
steam. The machinery throughout the
works stopped at the same time amid the
| HOSIERY AMpiRWEAR!
At 15 Cents a Pair.
BOYS' BLACK RIBBED WOOL BICY-
CLE HOSE, extra heavy, double heels
i and toes, fast black, regular price 85c,
: will be ciosed out at 15c a pair.
At 25 Cents a Pair. *
CHILDREN'S REAL FRENCH BLACK
COTTON HOSE, wide ribbed, white
heels and toes, guaranteed last black,
regular price 60c, will be closed out ac
2>c a pair.
At 20 Cents a Pair.
MISBES 1 FINE RIBBED BLACK COT-
TON HOSE, double knees, heels, soles
and toes, warranted fast black, worth
i $4 a dozen, will be closed out at liOc a
pair.
At 15 Cents a Pair.
LADIES' COTTON HOSE, black boot and
colored top combination, regular price
25c, will be closed out at l";c a pail.
At :>5 Cents a Pair.
LADIES' JERBEY RIBBED WHITE
ALL-WOOL, also COTTON AND
Wool DRAWERS, non-shrinkable,
regular price $1, will be closed out at
35c a pair.
i At 50 Cents Ecich.
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED BLACK
CASHMERE WOOL VESTS, hieh
neck, long sleeves, fast black, regular
price $1, will be closed out at 50c each.
At 50 Cents a Pair.
One IotMISSES' AND BOYS' CAMEL'3-
HAIR PANTLETB AND DRAWERS,
broken sizes, regular price $1 25, will
be closed out at 50c a pair.
CORSETS !
At $1.00 Each.
LADIES^ GENUINE FRENCH COR-
SETS, line sateen, long and medium
waist, firmly and closely boned, venus
back, in black, drab, white and cream,
regular price $2 50, will be closed out at
$1 each.
UrLr Murphy Building, j
Market and Janes Sireets.
greatest consternation of employes, who
believed that the buildings were* coming
down upon them.
When the steam was shut off at the
boilers it was seen that the compound
Corliss eneine, which furnished power for
the machinery, had been completely
wrecked. The crank-pin, which had an
old fracture, snapped, leaving the two pis
tons without any restraint upon them,
/the result was they hammered with
•'mighty force and lightning rapidity upon
both ends of the cylinders. The noise
caused by this pounding resembled vol
leys of field artillery while it lasted, which
was not long.
For presently the cylinders' ends blew
out with an explosion that shattered the
heavy steel bedplate and the working
parts of the engine.
Mechanics were put to work at once on
new engines, but it will ba a week or two
before the big °.5O horse-power machine
that was destroyed can be' replaced. No
body way injured by the explosion.
NEW TO-PAT.
1898 RAMBLERS
HAVE ARRIVED.
1895 Models Will bo Sold for
$85.0Q
COME WHILE THEY LAST.
1896 Ramblers , $100.0!)
1895 Hampers... 85.M
THOS. H. B. VARNEY,
1325 Market st., S. F.
427 S. Spring at., Los Angeles.
CATARRH
local" mse A e^MS^^
and is the result of colds BS w °i>?/) Ci/crpCOLDi
and sudden climatic *£?§>• &*/} Vi ht£f\
changes. IF M «rF r V£*R ) ®,3 £ j&
It can be cured by a pleasant ef ° V^lrAii
remedy which U applied di- HeS | u*?<»i|H
rectly Into the. nostrils. "Bo- Eg .^" *?£•&&
in: quickly absorbed it gives Ss^te""^ >Jm
rein.:' at once. HR9 _~— "aSft^^B
ELI'S CREAM BALM MF&%^
Is acknowledged to be the most thorough cure for
Kasal Catorrh, Cold in Head and Hay Fever of all
reiaediw. It oik us and cleanses tne nasal passages,
allays pain and inflammation, heals the sores, pro-
tects tue me.mbrane from colds, restores the senses
of taste and smell. rri^ceoOc. at Druggists or by
uaall.
. KIjY EBQTHERS, 56 Warren street. New York-.
. - __ ■ IRON BEDS,
~^— ...^ Ji * BRASS BEDS,
. ' FOLDING BEDS,
A ire anil Hair Mat-
4 resses, X el l n i n,-
f([f fft Chairs, Wheel Chairs,
[+h ftf'tfi'tf . Commodes, Back
. . j Commodes. Back Ki-sta
HluX \ ITf W. A. SCHROCE.
Hrr^i - 1 -; him . . . . — 21 — •
& %*- 1 _J New Montgomery
under Urand
. / Motel, S. F.
C^ These tiny^Cap3ules are superior
ff\ to Balsam of - Copaiba, ,/^^S
m J"V 1 Cubeba and Injections. (j?yo|)
IftJ 1 They cure in AS hours the \»^/
gj^J sam e diseases "without enyincon-
renience. SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
910
SAN FRANCISCO "CALU"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FranclicoCAlX—
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
jiigut in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— BS6 Montgomery strest,
corner < lay : ojieu until 9:30 o'clock.
831) Hayes slret-t. open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 L«rkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, epsß
tjntll 9 t'clock.
8318 Mission street, open until 9 •'dock.
116 Nlniu stree;, open uutil 9:30 o'clock.
CHI'KCII NOTICKS.
j^^JFIRSTJDNITA RIAN CHURCH. COR-
Et-^ > ncr Geary and Franklin sis. -Rev. Horatio
Stebbins. 1 1. 1.. minister. William <;. Eliot Jr.,
associate.nl the church Mondays from 10 to 12.
Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m. S< rvices at 11 a.m.
and 7 :30 r. m. Bible-class under leadership of Rev.
Samuel Slocombe at 9:45 a.m. All are cordially
invited.
Tt^&* SECOND KIT ARIA CHURCH, COR-
s£ : -& jut of Twentieth and Capi> sts., A. J.
Weils, pastor.— Mr. Wells will preach at 11 a. m.
The subject will be, "The Abiding Question." ' At
7:45 Mr. Wells will present some reasons for
hisehanie of faith— "From the Old to the New
and the .loy of It " "Mow the Bible Was Made,"
is the subject .Of the Uible study at 6:45. Sunday-
school at 9:45. Pastor's study. 20 Liberty St.
cjr~^" first Fresuytkkian CHURCH,
sb~4s ccr. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento St.—
Key. Robert Mackenzie, D.D., pastor; Rev. Edwin
11. Jens co-pa»ior. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 a. m. Mr. Jenks will, preach at 7:30 p. M.
Sunday - school at 12:45 p. m. Young
People's fr-oelety of Christian Endeavor at
6:15 p. m. Prayer-meeting Wednesday evening at
7 4j o'clock. All are welcome to these services.
■ Al VARY PRESBYTERIAN*
I*-^ corner Of (ieary and Powell sts.— Rev.
John HemphiU, D.D., pastor. Services at 11 a.m.
and 7::->0 f. M. Rev. Wiiliajn Alexander. D.D.,
will preach. Evening topic: "The Fathers and
Founders of the Presbyterir.n Church in This
Co-.intry." Morninsr music: "Te Deum (Festirral),
Dudley Buck: Offertory (soprano solo), "Not
Aslianird of Jesus. "Mrs. ■ trice-Fine. Even-
Ing music: Benedic Anlma" golden i : offertory,
tenor solo. D. M. I.awrence.
EtrS= FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH".'
Br-S'' cor. Post and Mason sts. — Rev. C. 0. Brown,
D. D., pastor, services as usual. Morning, 11
o'clock; evening. 7:30 o'clock. Sunday-school at
12:45, I.H.Morse superintendent. Mrs. Cooper's
class ■i the auditorium. ■ Ihe General Howard
class" in pastor's office. Yoang people's meeting
nt 6: SO in the lectuie-room. All are. cordially in-
vited.
f£^s> THIRD -.;:! ■• riONALCHURCh,
L*-" Fifteenth St.. near Mission— Rev. William
Rader. pastor. Services at 11 a. m. Rev. lj*.
: awith will preach. Services at 7:30 p. m. Ser-
mon by the pas:or. subject: "Wicllff Throwing
the English Bible at the Papacy." Music by
chorus choir under direction of William c. Stadt-
f"ld. "O Sing Unto the Lord" (Fletcher): "Lead,
Kindly Light." (Sullivan); quartet. "Protect
Us" (curshmnn) ; "Peace 1 Leave with You" (Rob-
erts). tenor solo and chorus: "The Vesper Song"
(Williams), barytone solo and chorus. All are
cordia'ly invited.
f£TiF* GRACE METHODIST EPISCOPAL
\£*& Church, cor. Capp and Twentv-tirst sts.—
Sunday services. January 19, 1896. 11 a. m.. bap-
tisms, reception of tubers, reception on proba-
tion and the communion of the Lord's Supper.
7:SO r. M., preaching by the pastor, M. F. Colburn,
subject, "A Great Question lor Those Who Do Not
Accept Christ." Text, '-Lord, to whom shall we
go? 'I hou hast the words of eternal life. "
P?Ss= ~F I R~s"f ENGLISH LUTHERAN
Vk-~& Church, on Geary St., nr. Gough— Rev. Oscar
H. Gruver, pastor. Preaching services Sunday a; 11
a. m. and 7:45 P. m.; Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m. ;
I'rayer-mecting Wednesday at 7:45 p. m. On Sun-
day morning the sacrament of holy communion
will be administered. New members will also be
received then. Subject •■■ evening sermon, "Re-
pentance With God." All are welcome. Beats
3 re.>. •
s~T?j= CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LAT-
OZ& 1 ter-uay Saints— Meetings every sunda.v at
'_' a d 7:45 o'clock p. m. in Friendship Hall, 909
Market st. At tliis evening's service Elder VVillard
Bconrrroft of Ogden, Utah, will speak upon the fol-
lowing subject: "Restoration of the Gospel and Its
Object." All are welcome. No collection.
R^S= THE CHURCH OF THE lIOL* SPIRIT
i*-* 7 (Evangelical Lutheran In faith), Franklin
Hall. Filimore St.. between Bush and Gutter— Rev.
Oliver C. Miller, pastor, services at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p.m.: Sunday-school at 9:30 a.m.: prayer
meeting at 7:45 Wednesday evening. Cordial wel-
come.
i^sF" ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM. COX.
Ur-A' Mason and Ellis sts.— This (Sunday) after-
noon at 3 o'clock Rev. Percy C. Webber will de-
liver his famous address on "Manliness and sins
Against Young Manhood"; conh'dential address to
young men. The California Quartet \v:l! sing.
S>-a;s free. All young men welcome. Come early
and secure a pood seat.
KSS^iWESTI SII IE CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
tt^ss 1 on Bush st.. between Scott and Devisadero—
Preachine morning and evening by the pastor,
Rev. W. a. Gardner. Sunday-school, 10 a. m..
Miss Nettie E. Gardner superintendent. Sermon
topic: li a. m., --study"; 7:45 p. M., "Is There a
Personal Goi?" Junior Christian Endeavor, 4:80
p. m. Y. P. S. c. r... 6:30. Open church enter-
tainment on Friday night. Admission free.
&■"-?* FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST, scien-
li-*»' tist— Services at 2 1 a. m. in Beethoven Ball,
33tj Pos; m., cor. Powell, Christian Science Bible
Lessons; International Series. Subject: '-The Min-
istry of John the Baptist." All are welcome.
Ctsg= THEOSOIMIICAL SOCIETY — FREE
tr^ c7 public lecture every Sunday evening at 320
Post St.. at 7:45. To-night: "Physical Heredity,"
In- It. a: .-:. Griffiths. !
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
[IKS'. •• I \ PSYCHII AL i6IKTY~
Ur-A^ J. J. Morse of London will lecture under the
uuspioes of the above society at National Hall,
E:lis St.. bet. Polk st. and Van Nets aye., this
evening at 7:45. Subject: "The Super-Physical
Universe, Its i'oint of Contact With Us," being
the third of a scries of four lectures on the general
subject of -The Super- Physical Universal." Ad-
mission free. Seats reserved for members.
g£~S=~THK .SOCIETY OF PROGRESSIVE
t*~- I/ Spiritualists will hold two services at Golden
«;ate Hall on Suiter St., between Mason and Taylor
on Sunday, January 19. 1896. At 11 a. m.
answers to questions rom the audience. Evening
M 7:SO o'clock; subject, "The Inhabitants of
IWven and Hell." Speaker. Professor J. Clesg
Wright. Music by the Misses Lillian and Emily
toleman. Admission free.
C£rg=» DR. ROBBINS LECTURES TO-NIGHT
l*~*>" on "The fate of the suicide after death. "The
sick healed. Mediums developed and written
question* answered by spirit power. Circle tickets
free. Washington Hall, 35y 2 Eddy st., at 8 p. m.
Admission free.
Gr"]S= AT 997 MARKET ST.: FIRST PRO-
»-&• gressive spiritual Church; 11 a. m. develop-
ing test « ir c!e; •-' p. m.. tests; Mrs. Dunham Hen-
derson I'm re. Professor Mingo; 7:30 p. M.. plat-
form tests Mrs. Ladd-Finnican, Bird, Dr. Wood
and others.
ttSßr-BMMH MONTAGUE, ASSISTED BY
Is-xt- Mss Lvdla Allen, will lecture and answer
questions before the Psychical Society of Oakland
i-: h raternal Hall. Washington St., 8 P. m. Subject:
•a hare yet Most Popular Topic."
-• LIBERALS AND FREETHINKERS—
«*-*«• DR. YORK speaks at Scottish Hall, 10.".
Larkin st.. this evening, on "A Peep Into Hell"
and "The Religious Instinct In Man." Don't miss
it. Admission 10 cents.
BT^»* AT DR. RINSES' SPIRITUAL UEET-
L*-^ ins, 909 Market st.: 2 and 8 p. v. Circles
and plaiforni tests. Mmes. Seely, Bird. Dr. Rlu-es.
Office 1236 Market St.; hours 10 to 5; Thursday
and Fridays 8 p. it.
IT-75- GOOD ( ITIZi NBHIP MEETING, MET-
H-sS ropoli Sunday, January 19,3 p.m.
Address by Ray Palmer, D.b. ; subject, "Prac-
tical Lines and Solid Facts."
aSS? 5 M RS. SI I RINER, RELIABLE TEST
UrJ*' medium, holds a phenomenal spiritual meet-
to-night at 111 Larkin st. Good music. All
Invited. 10c.
CHILDREN'S PROGRESSIVE LYCE-
E6-~t»' am and Spiritual Free Library. Open 10-30
to 12, at 909 Market st. "
ft -■' MRS. MAUD KD DRAKE, 708 O'FAR-
»- 6r rell m. Circle to night; also Tuesday, Thurs-
day and Friday nights.
TO-NIGHT — KATIE HEUs-M ANN'S
**-*? test meeting at 793 Stevenson, off 9th, 10c-
Bits daily, $1.
Bf^S 3 > 1I!^- EGGERT AITKEN. PSYCHO^
s»»*7 metrist and test medium; sittings daily.
715 Post st.
grip MRS. MAYO STEERS, TRANCE AND
»-** test medium; readings dally. 101 Grove st.
BtrjS 3 MRS. FULTON — MATERIALIZING
■»-^ seance to-night, fsOc; sits dally. 31 Fell st.
J^rgP MRS. II EN DEE ROGERS RETURNED:
fcjy circle to-night; sittings daily. 109 Oak st.
rr~£P C. \. MILLER~ETHEREALIZINgT
» ■& materializing seance, 8 p. M.. 535 I'ost. 50c.
- I'KCIAL NOTICE*.
j^^ THB OrTh a s A^iT^hXlF^
B""- 1^ orphans that were received into St. Francis
Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum since the last pub-
lication are as follows: Orphans— Amly Subaner,
..Red 10 yrs.: Agnes Ash, 2 yrs.: Nellie Dixon, 5
yr .; Margaret Bit.sbnell, 12 yrt.; Agnes Terry, 1
yr.: Mary Ambrose, 10 days; Rosie Morris. 10 yrs.
Half-orphans -Maggie Sanchez, 9 yrs. ; Susie San-
chez, yrs.; Lillian Leakey, 5 yrs. : Mela Reeb 'i
yrs.: Jennie Keeb, 9 yrs.: Roy "Nevis, 5 yrs ■ Nel-
lie Nevis, 7 yrs.: Mary Liston. 9 yrs.; Carrie
Myers, 10 yrs.: Elsie Eisner, 2 yrs.; Margaret
Klsner. 6 mos.: Annie Miller. 2 yrs.; Josephine
Miller, 1 yr. : Mary Pancratlc, 1 yr.; Mary Snow-
enlmo; 9 yrs.; Veim MarKs, 4 Agnes Muse
11 yrs.: Nellie Lenard, 11 yrs.-. Vergil Leuard. 10
yrs.: Henry Lenard, 8 yrs.; Joseph Haley. 8 yrs.'
Thomas Haley,- 2 yrs.: Lucretia J^enard, 6 vrs.-
Walter Lenard, 7 yrs.: William white. M wks.*
Peter Haley, 6 yrs.: Mary Jackson, 1 jr.; Louise
Digner, 6 yrs.; Joseph Catchman, 4 vrs.: Laura
Caichn.an, 9 yrs.; Agnes Catchman, 5 yrs.: Irene
< atebmao, 7 yrs.; Agnes Lefevere. 9 yrs.; Gasrina
Moutonta, 2 \ is. : Johnny Rice, 7 yrs.: George
Snowpnberg, 7 yrs.; Joseph Snowenberg, 8 yrs.
A toned children— Lizzie Doulon, 3 yrs. ; Mary
■ Donlon, 9 yrs.
[tbs» CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
\S^£r chlropodic Institute, room 11, 90U Market.
S55F~m Rs~ WALLACE, 109 POWELL ST.,
&*& room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
BP^5» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
st-*^ Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Mont gy St.. room 6, Tel. 5580.
jfTS 3 - MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
*£*& 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
C^g=» CORNS, INGROWING AILS, SUCCESS-
s»>JS fuj Jy treated. DR. LLOYD, Lurline Baths.
SPECIAL NOTICES Continued ;%l
WINDOWS ( i.KA.NKIi AND FLOORS
ft-*' scrubbed: reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO.. 242 Sutter.
■<=S8» ROOMS WHITENED. $1 UP: PAPER-
m^Cf ed S3 50 un. 8173 Third. Georce Hartman.
BETS 3 ABANDONED CHILDREN ADMITTED
B*2s' into St. Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum
from July 1. 1894, until ' December 31, 1895: Wil-
liam Fln'sterbusch 5 years, James Doran 4 years,
Grace Doran 3 years. Johannah Moesch 4 years.
Ed Burke 6 years, Bessie Finsterbusch 3 years, '
George Lombard 4 year*.
MITH'i: til mjejktinusj
D! "' Ten MINING and milling com-
t>-^ panv— regular -annual meeting of the
stockholders of the DUTCH MINING AND MILL-
ING COMPANY will be held at the office of the
company, rooms Nos. 67 and 68, Stevenson build-
ing, southwest corner California and Montgomery
streets, San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the
21st day of January, 1896, at 2 o'clock v. M., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
for .lie ensuing year, and for the transaction of i
such other business as may be brought before the :
meeting.
San Francisco, January 11, 1896.
G. TRITTENBACH, President.
M. CLaussenius. Secretary.
|t^g= PRESIDIO AND FERRIES R. K. CO.—
&-** The regular annual meeting of the stock- j
holders Of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com- i
puny will be held at the office of the company, 1111
Union street, corner sharp's place, San Francisco, :
Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of i
January, 1886, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. M., for
the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business us may properly come before j
the meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday, i
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN B. LEIGIITON. Secretary,
office— llll Union st., corner Sharp's place.San
Francisco, Cal.
r-"S= ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
sr~£r annual meeting of stockholders of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be held at the*
office of the company, 327 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 21st day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for j
the purpose of electing a board of directors to i
serve for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such otl er business us may come before, the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday. Jan-
uary 10, at 3 o'clock p. m.
K. H. SHELDON; Secretary.
jfjE-S* TO LET—HALL AND CLUBROOMS;
tk^x? eventually to lease. ;UQo : i'arrel;. basement.
SITUATIONS WA.NJIiU-I'IiMALK.
TF YOU WANT HELP CALL OR WRITE— A
1 German cirl desireg muse or second work; |
first-class cooks, 3 years' references; also a com-
petent Buglish bonsegirl, a neat cook; 2 ranch
cooks: girls for all positions. MME. LEOPOLD,
20 Stockton St.: open Sunday.
ITCATIONS WANTED BY 2 SWEDISH
girls, good cooks, good references: Swedish
girl, first-class waiter, good, references; Swedish
girl wishing chambcrwork and waiting on table;
girl wishing housework: good plain cook, $25.
11 '.j Antoiiia st., off Jones, near Ellis.
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER BY CONSCI-
J. entious. economical young woman in a widow- I
er's family where there are children; speaks Ger- !
mau and English; reference given and required.
Address -. s . box 31, Cal. Office..
\ * ANTED — BITUATION T!V FIRST-CLASS
'• waitress: ho.pi or restaurant. Address MISS
X.. box '. . Call Ollice.
QCOTCH WcTmAN WISHES SITUATION AS
0 tirst-class cook or general housework; refer-
ences. 1 a i 311 Minna st.
STYLISH DRESSMAKER (JUST FROM THE
East) wishes engagement-* by day or take wo. k.
home. 418 octavia st.
/■> ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS
vJ second girl and do all kinds of sewinc: good
seamstress. Call 3439 Sixteenth St., nr. Sanchez. ;
/COMPETENT COOK, WITH REFERENCE,
' desires a situation; wages not less than $30;
city or country. 316 Lamina si.
C WEUISH GIRL WANTS A SITUATION IN I
0 a private, respectable family; a good cook and !
has good city reierences. Fulton House, room 19. :
KESPECTABLE AMER I C A N WOMAN
' wishes situation to do cooking;, housework or i
work by the day; lirst-elH<s worker; references if
required. Address or call 924 Washington •-:.
A V OUNG~WOM AX" WANTS ~ HOME WITH
-I. widow in exchange for companionship and
assistance; references exchanged. Address Y. W.,
box 105. Call Office.
HOUBEKEEPER . elderly, wishes sit-
-LL nation. Address 39 norland st., off Guerrero,
bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
* MERICAN LAD i" OF 2B, STRANGER HERE,
jljl wants p sition as housekeeper for respectable
gentleman; is an excellent cook. A. 8., box 6,
Call < llice.
yOUNG LADY WANTS A POSITION AS
J- housekeeper: also a dressmaker; will take i
work home; very reasonable. Apply 706 Ellis, r. 2.
RESPECTABLE YOUNG LADY WISHES A
Jl> position as saleslady in dry-goods or candy
store. Call 700 Bay St.
DEFINED WOMAN DESIRES SITUATION I
XV as housekeeper. 603 Post st., room 7.
W" ANTED — POSITION as WORKING
" housekeeper by young woman tor widower
with children; good cook and seamstress: country
preferred: must be allowed to bring her three-
year-old child. Address or call 1332 Turk st., bet. !
Webster and Filimore.
pOMPETENT GIRL WISHES TO ASSIST
\J with housework; reference. 5 Oak wood st., I
off Eighteenth.
/MUlrhTr..\l' WOMAN wants work BY
V,' the day washing, ironing, cleaning, or will
wash flannels home. MRS. ALLEN, 427 Steven- i
son St.. near Fifth, rear.
It' ll>ou NTS WORK BY THE DAY, |
•» washing or housecleaning; $1 per day and car-
fare. Call 777 Howard st.
Lady would like position as bales-
lady in cloakstore; best of reference. Address
S. L., box 71, call.
RESPECTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WANTS
-IV situation to do housework; good city refer nee;
city or country. Please call at 13 Oak St.
OOD RELIABLE GIRL WOULD • LIKE
place to do housework and cooking In Ameri-
can family ; wages . $25. Address 424 Day st., be-
tween Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES a SITUATION FOR
■I housework and cooking, Please call or address
829 a Howard st,
WOMAN WANTS TO DO PLAIN WASHING ;
' » and mending for famllvor gentleman at home.
5C4 Naionia st.
WOMAN WANTS TO WORK BY THE DAY.
'■ washing and cleaning, or will clean empty
houses: $1 a day and carfare. Address W. \V
box 63, Call office.
\) EBPECTA BLE WOMAN WISHES WORK
-11 by the day: can furnish best of references.
Call at 24 Washington aye.
COM PET N T HOUSEKEEPER WANTS
place in small family where she can be treated
as one of the family. Address 8. <:., box 135, Call.
I ADY DESIRES To DO PLAIN SEWING
JJ or mending at home; reasonable. Apply or
address 503 Twenty-second st.
VTOUNG WOMAN STUDYING WOULD LIKk
J- a home where she could assist for her room
and board. Address box li. Call Office, Sixteenth
and Mission s.s.
I) ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS CHAMBER^
J t work and washing in hotel, or housework; no
objection to large family. Room 113, 715 Howard.
ryrpuNa GIRL, WILLING AND obliging,
-L wishes to tend bakery or candy store; wages
small. Address Y. 8.. box 63, Call "office.
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE IN GER-
VX man family to" do upstairs work ana wait on
tab c. 468 Jessie st.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS POSITION:
\J understands care of Infants or invalids; good
seamstress. Address P., box 51, this office.
RESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
wishes situation to do general housework; city
or conn try. Call three days 20'< 2 Stockton.
1 ELDERLY LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION
J-i as housekeeper to widower or a gentleman-
home more an object than wages. Address H., box
37, Call Office.
W ANTED — POSITION AS WORKING
'» housekeeper for widower, with of without
children; comfortable home »nd small wages con-
sideration. Hope, box 31, Call Office.
yOUNG WOMAN WISHES"pOSITiON TO D"5
i- conking and housework; sleep home preferred
Call «37 Eighteenth su, near Castro.
YOUNG WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
. A typewriter. 873y Market St., room 13, second
floor.
REFINED WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
J V housekeeper. Call 1 to 9 p. m., 832 Mission st.,
room 6. ' ,r'--r-' '■^■
LAD! AND GENTLEMEN'S REPAIRING"
XJ neatly and reasonably done. 917 Market st..
room 21. .
ASTERN LADY DO GENTS' AND LADIES'
mending and plain sewing. 28y t sixth st.
YOUNG LADY WANTS SITUATION . AS
X housekeeper. Call 203 Powell su, room 5.
BY A THOROUGHLY COMPETENT AMERI-
can woman, a place to cook in a private fam-
ily, small hotel or In an officer's family at a mili-
tary post: no objection to leaving the city or Slate
Address, for one week, L. Z.. box 59. Call Othce. ■
EFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A
position as traveling companion, saleslady or
cashier. Call or address 24 Hartford at., between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS POSITION AS
-I night rook in restaurant or wait on table; no
postals. Call 83 Clementina St., upstairs.
Danish WISHES SITUATION AS UP-
Blairs girl. Call at 1003 Harrison, near Sixth.
Y OUNG WOMAN WISHES A SITUATIOnTn
A small family for housework or chamberivork.
Call 971 Pine st., West Oakland/ ■
I^xperienceiTyoung widow desires
-i good situation as housekeeper. 105 Stockton.
room 22. •
1 ADY WANTS A POSITION AS; PIANO-"
J-J player In di»ncing-school or to. assist musician.
Address Pianist, 147 Ninth St.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
«Vr« lark<>l; rooms: We to *1 &0 per night;
*l SO to $6 per week; convenient and re»i>«ctable.-
free bus to and from the fern-. .
SITUATIONS Wa.nTKI) -MALb.
Pc. g. cook's soc. supTlies^cooksTall
• branches .short notice. 14 Gear/. ;tel-Grant 46.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, ISCG.
IsITrATIONS WASTED- Continued.
HUNTER « Co., < HINF.SK AND
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V office; best help. 414V2 O'Farrell: tcl. E. 426. .
1~~) PLIABLE AMERICAN OF MIDDLE AGE,
-It who has done a large variety of work, wishes ,
employment not exceeding 6 hours daily, with ,
board and perhaps additional wages proportional '
to amount of work; is an inventor and will use the \
rest of daylight in B'.udy and drawing mostly, but j
could be called in case of emergency; no liquors or .
tobacco: ret rencps. Address F.. box 29, this office.
v MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN,, AS MAN
about place; look after horses, cows, garden !
and make himself useful about house; best of I
references; small wa.^e.s and steady place preferred. I
Please address S., box 18, this office.
\\T ANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER- I :
»» man) to make beds, wait on table or kitchen i
work: city or country. Please address H. VIE-
LIT/., 631 Sacramento St., room 86. I
KKLIABLK YOUNG MAN, AGE 27, wants
a situation as watchman; best of references.
Address 11., box 26, this office. i
C'IOACHMAN OR MAN ABOUT PLACE, OR
) do any kind of work; thoroughly understands
care of horses. C. H., box 162, Call. |
\-OUNG BUSINESS MAN, EXPERIENCED ■ !
-I in clerical work, wishes position where small j .
capital Invested will secure steady employment.
Address T., box 18, Call Office.
A'oUNi; MAN DESIRES ENPLOYMENT OF I .
-L any kind in a wholesale orughouse; has had
experience. Address W. c, box 78, this office, j
"LMRSTmJIass CANDY MAN WANTS SITU A- !
-T tioa: had long experience in Europe, and has
first-class references: is used to wholesale and re-
tail manufacturing of candies. Call or address J. :
FRENCH, Hi:-f7i 2 Market st. .
■youNu JOURNALIST AND PRINTER DE- i
-I sires position; exp-rienced in newspaper man- '
agi men; ; business ability; steady; low wages. 0., i
box 40. Cull. : ' . i
EXPERIENCED MINING ENGINEER DE- '
J-i sires a position as manager, foreman or assayer
of a quartz mine. Address J., box 69, Call Office,
GERMAN, Goon PLUMBER AND TIN- I
yJf smith, wishes a position for any work. Address
G. P., box 10, Call Office.
ATI ON WANTED AS SALESMAN,
driver or porter: ten years' experience in city ,
and State: references furnished If required. Ad-
cress E. G. h.. box 86. Canonic?.
YOUNG MAN WISHES EMPLOYMENT: IS
X competent to keep set of boots or clerical work .
of any kind. Address E., box 18. this office. \
Y'lU'Nu BOY WISHES POSITION AS ER-
A rand boy or to work in store. Address P. S.,
box 40, this office.
ITU ATI ON WANTED BY SECOND COOK;
O best references: wages no object. Address W. ;
A., box 24, this office. '
WANTED— EMPLOYMENT OF ANY KIND,
'* by respectable young man, aged 23; total
abstainer. K. S. a., 754 Foisom st.
pOMPETENT BOOKKEEPER WITH A FEW
\J hours' spare time will keep books for any kind
of business; either day or evening; terms moder- i
ate. Address Bookkeeper, box 29, Call Office.
\\r A N TED— RELIABLE YOUNG MAN,
'» employment in store or warehouse: sober,
honest and energetic: can give references. Ad-
dress F., box 28, this office.
171 1 RST-CLASS MEAT COOK, FINE BROILER, ,
wants situation : hotel or first-class restaurant
preferred. Address G. T., box 62, Call Office.
rrTIIOROUGHLY REL I A B iTe GERMAN
JL would like position as watchman. Please call
or address 218* Turk st.
GOOD WAITER WANTS SITUATION. CALL
V_X or address 26 Hunt st.
Y^UNG MAN, SPEAKS AND WRITES E\G-
X lish, German, French and Italian, wants posi-
tion in wholesale house or any other place: city or
country; best of references. Address A. STUDER,
1309 Stockton st.
OUNG MAN DESIRES WORK OF ANY
X kind; wholesale house or warehouse preferred; '
would cive $20 as bonus lor permanent employ- j
ment: good reference. Please address J. O. P., box ;
63, Cnll Office.
SITUATION ANTED BY A GOOD COOK:
German: steady and sober: restaurant or coffee-
house; wages moderate Add. 8., box 8, CalL
QTEADY MAN (TEAMSTER) WISHES a
0 job In city; any kind of work, light or heavy.
Address W. R., box ~i), this office.
\'OU\G GERMAN CARPENTER. CABINET-
J. maker, with tools, wants situation; is willing
to do any kind of work. Please call or address 120
Valley st.. bet. 28th and '29;
1/ X 1" E"RT~E N elf D WINE CELLARMAN
1j wishes work: city or country: best of refer- ■
ence. Address H. J., box 48. this office.
. WEEK'S .NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
J V- WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
■
FEMAIiE HELP WANTKIJ.
W ANTED— A CHAMBERMAID AND BEAJ?
'» stress for private family; $26. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 sutlers!. "
GERMAN COOK, $35; SECOND GIRL, $25;
l.r nurse, $20; housework girls, Oakdale. (J25;
Stanislaus County, $30, and other towns: 10 house-
work girls, city, us, $20 and $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 105 Stockton .st.
W" ANTED - APPRENTICES DESIRING TO 1
»* become professional nurses and speaking or i
understanding both French and English. For
further particulars apply at New French Hospital, !
Point Lobos and Fifth avi s.
\ RKING HOUSEKEEPER AND CARE OF i
'* children. 708 Diamond st.; call 3p. m. to-day, j
\\r ANTED Ni.AK CITY A DANISH OR GER-
» ' man eirl to assist in general housework wages
$15. Address D. G., box 63, Call Office.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK: GER-
man preferred. 2322 Foisom St., bet. Nine-
teenth and Twentieth.
MIDDLE AGED PROTESTANT WOMAN FOR
seni-ral housework and care of baby. Address
W., box 16, this office.
W ANTED— GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
" housework and cooking; $12 per month.
1400 Van Ness aye.
T A DIES, WITH OR WITHOUT EXPE-
JJ rience. who would like to canvass, will rind It
to their interest to call at 167 Crocker building;
also others who seek to occupy positions as sales-
ladles. : . ;.:
W" ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
school: class or private; young lad i en fitted for
the trade; reasonable. 410 Leaveuworth St.
GI ABOU 1 1", YEARS to take CARE OF
children. IHOBa I^avenworth st.
WIRE FRAME MAKERS. ROBERT L. TOP-
>' LITZ& CO.. 545 Market St.
MISS DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING A MlL-
linery class at her home, 14 Chattanooga st.,
bet. Twenty-first and 'Twenty-second; special at
tention given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
VI.AT SEWERS WORK ON PIECEWORK.
X> 118 McAllister.
LL-AROUND WOMAN IN RESTAURANT.
227 Geary. ,:::;.;■
WANTED— GERMAN GIRL FOR LIGHT
»» housework In small family; sleep at home;
must live near North Beach. Apply bet. 1 and 4
o'clock, at 2108 Taylor St., bet. Greenwich and
Lombard.
BRIGHT, INTELLIGENT YOUNG LADY
with .$250 to join advertiser in business
venture: a splendid opportunity. PROFESSOR
VAN DE VERE, 305 Jones st.
DRESSMAKING MADE EASY AT THE Mr-
Dowell Academy;* we teacn cutting, fitting,
making and finishing of everything that Is new,
novel and stylish; we specially invite mothers and |
all parties interested in a practical education to call
and see for themselves the magnitude of our insti-
tution; dressmaking, cutting and fitting done rea-
sonably; linings and stirt'enines for sale. The Mc-
: Dowell Dressmaking Academy, 213 Powell st., San
Francisco.
OS i CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
Winchester House. 44 Thin! St., near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
ANTED — DRBSSMA KERS TO LEARN
>' how to cut regular tailor system : only reliable
system ; no models, charts or squares used. COHJS, !
Ladies' Tailor, 316 Hotter St.. city.
SALE GOES ON: SUE THE 50 LADIES' JACK-
ets. N. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
AIRDRESSING, St6c AND 3&c; MORN INO
and ev'g classes; 10 lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
LAWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DREaS-
XJ cutting school. 1231 Market St., bet. Bth and 9th.
DRESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
system. 14 McAllister st., rooms 67 and 68.
WlNciik.stki: H O USE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: f»-»e bus to and from the ferry.
RESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, -213 Powell: pat-
terns cut to order 25c up; pupils wanted.
WANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
'• term commences (his mo. Room 61, 121 Post. i
MALE help WAMIiIJ.
W ANTED — COOK "jTOR^ oyster-house,
"" $14 a week: young man to open oysters and
help waiting, $30: good dishwasher, $20, etc. L.
ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— COOK AND WIFE FOR RANCH,
»' see boss in town; also farmers, milkers, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers, at W. D. EWER&CO.'S
626 Clay st. ■ /
PATRICK HERLIHY, THE BARKEEPER,
X please cull or communicate with C. R. HAN-
SEN .V- CO., 110 Geary at.
JAW STUDENT WHO IS GOOD STENOG-
■i-i rapher can eet a very desirable situation with
a law firm: a good trunk maker Is also wanted.
United states Industrial Agency, room 167,
Crocker building. .
Air ANTED— YOUNG MAW ACCUSTOMED TO
'» laundry work; Protestant American preferred.
Address Laundry, box 163, Call.
1? X PERIENCED TRAVELING MAN, TOILET
J-i soaps and fruit syrups; big commission. I
LEVY, 1155 Mission st. . ,
A!/" ANTED AN EXPERIENCED. MAN TO '
'» travel and appoint local agents; no canvassing. I
Address T. A., box 60, Call Office.
JpLDERLY MAN, WITH GOOD REFERENCE
■* as to honesty, etc., can have a corner cigar-
stfnd, free of charge, for small service. Call
Florist, Filimore and Haigbt sts.
WORKING PARTNER WITH. $50; GOOD
' ' paying business. X., box 18, this office.
"F^ 1 * wA^ T]K n-rontlnnert .
LIVE MEN FOR GOOD PAYING POSITION
«-» to right parties. Apply Monday and Tuesday at
» a. M., Pacific Mutual building, 3d floor. Indus-
trial department, cor. Sacramento and Montgom-
ery S.S. .
"Ql J^A A MONTH; YOU CAN MAKE. IT
VV.LUVJ easy; 6 hours a day: our agents don't
complain of hard times, but r.re making big money
selling National Dish Washer: built On scientific
Vi'ilw' 1 * s: Suaranteed; every lwdy wants one:
1100.000 to be sold: price low. Apply at once
» niid Mfg. Co., wo. Columbus, Ohio.
WANTKD— PARTNER; PROFIT ABLE BU8I-
»» ness; something new; small capital required.
J. \\., box 21, Call Office.
PARTNER WANTED TO GO PROSPECTING;
one with experience; must have some money."
Address Mining, box 63, this ollice. ________
"DA RP.KR SHOPS-SEVERAL OF THEM IN
J-» which fair wages can be made; prices ranging
i"*™* 6o UP to $100. For full particulars call to
a 1 OL I barber supply house, 630 Market st.
"I riM ATE CO - OPERATIVE ENTER-
• i>«Ji * s**—You5 **— Youu S' active man, amount to Invest.
)f^so and up, with legitimate capitalist: reference
required. Address L. C. E., box 67. Call Office.
9^o BARE CHANCE FOB AN ELDERLY
*iP^*JyJ. man: a good peddling route with gen-
eral merchandise, etc.; established 9 years. Ad-
drasa H., box 39. this office. - ■.
rj_ENis and LADIES" can make $2 or $3
VJ per flay in their vicinity; no money needed. J.
HOLLER, 8 six h St.. S. F.
PHYSICIAN OF ABILITY IS OFFERED A
x rare opportunity; $5000 to *6000 per annum;
some capital required. Physician, box 161. Call.
AIAN TO OIN ME; PAYING BUSINESS; $25
■MX required. Address M. T., box 109, Call Office.
WANTED- MiSN AND WOMEN TO WORK
"at home; 1 pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patented method: anyone
who can read or write can do the work at home in
spare time day or evening: send for particulars
and begin work at once. Address H. A. GRIPP,
German artist, Tyrone, Pa. ;
SA LES.M E3Tw ANTED— TO SELL OUR GOODS
*-J to the wholesale and retail trade; goods sell on
sight. Liberal salary or commission paid. Position
permanent. For particulars address Centennial
Manf'gCo., Atlanta, G_ Factory, Milwaukee, Wis.
yoUN<; MA.\, QUICK, INTELLIGENT AND
-I willing to work, wanted in a leading city real
estate office. Address in own handwriting. R. E.,
box 81, Call Office.
pOOPKRS ABE REQUESTED TO STAY
\J away from the Pacific Wooden ware and Cooper-
age Company on account of strike. .By order
Journeymen Coopers' Union. _^
rp A ILO RS— A 1 ) VERTISER WITH first-
-L class business has an opening for young man
to learn cutting, fitting and the general routine, of
merchant tailoring; small premium required;
good references given and required. Apply A.
GEE, Merchant Tailor. Placerville.
OLICITOR FOR A BUSINESS WITH BIG
0 profits. Address S. W., box 6, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED BOY ON GORDON PRESSES,
709 Sansome St., bet. 11 and 12 o'clock.
PARTNER WANTED IN A CASK BUSINESS;
clears $75 a month. 3351/ i Fourth St.
/"^OOPERS WANTED AT PACIFIC WOODEN
\J ware and Cooperage company, Sixth and Chan
uel sts.
\-E\v WALDO HOUSE. 7ur>. mission, BET.
-I-' Third and Fourth— single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night.
GOOD BARBER-SHOP Mil! SALK. APPLY
_ I^ol Castro St., corner Twenty-fourth.
BEST MEAL ON BTH : WELL COOKED: 8
X) courses, 10c, at .-eattl* Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
1A A MEN To GET A SHAVE FOR CENTS;
•LW clean towel to each; bay rum free: haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14y 2 Montgomery aye.
ANTED -500 MEN TO EAT~B BIG HOT
' ' cakes, with coffee, for sc. 11 Drumm st.
BEEFSTEAK AND ONIONS. COFFivE, BlS-
cuit, potatoes, etc., sc. 635 Clay.
I EARN A TRADE— LADIES AND GENTLE-
■I men students wanted; only 8 weeks required;
tools Riven; write for catalogue. Sun Francisco
Barber College, 1515 Howard st.
RBKR-SHOP; BEST ICATION IN CITY;
_ sickness cause sale. Apply this ofllice.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF. CAL. KMPLOY
secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238 y 2 O'Farritll st.
fT)HE RAILROAD HOUSE, 533 COMMERCIAL
-I st., below Montgomery— Single rooms 15c night.
25c for two; best and cleanest house in town.
ROSE DALE HOUSE, 32i ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
furnished rooms, 20c: SI per week.
\"i:w GRAND, 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
i-^ rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
If»OB THE BEST AND 1 CLEANEST 'MEAL
try 13Vi Grant aye. ; coffee a specialty.
BKSTPi.Ai KIN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes, 726iA,opp. Iloward-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth st.; misfit saoes bought arid exchanged.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG jbOOD;
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
""VTEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
->-> 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
\\r HAT CHEER HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
"* St.: 200 rooms; best in the city: single rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI .i week: meals 10c.
X\T INCHEST J^R HI USE, 44 111 1 1: l> ST.. NBA It
"* Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from : lie ferry.
BARBERS— FOB EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso.. 326 Grant are. S.FCCIIS.
\y ANTED— WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
• » their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection; no charge unless successful.
KNOX COLLECTION AGENCY. 110 Sinter, r. 4.
]( I A MK.N TO TAKE LODGING AT ltic, I.V:
J- I .'U and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.'. •'. . .
W ANTED MKN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
> ' steam beer. sc; bottle wine. sc. t ; O9 Clay st.
MEN'S 1/2-SOLING 50c: LADIEV 40c; DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opn. Palace Hotel.
I IN DELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD—
XJ single furnished rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
JJ ment secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
\\: ' ANTED-LAEORERS AND MECHANICS
»' to know that Ed Kolkin, Reno House proprie-
lor, still rum Denver House, 217 Third 'at.: 150
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.'
1, REE BEEB— TWO SCHOONERS FOB fie;
-T also a bottl »of lager. 6c, at 637 Clay St.
If REE coll XX AND BOLLS. 704 SANSOME;
X single rooms 15c. 20c a night, $1 a week.
JIKI MEN'S sKCOND-HaN in-. i<>iioes".somb
Tt\7V/ nearly new. 25c 10 »1 25. 562 Mission .it.
BEST IN ClTi'-SINOLK ROOMS. 18, 20 AND
25 cents per night. SI, »l 25, $1 60 p«r week.
J'aclfic House .Corumorciai and Leidesdorff sts.
UTANrED— SINGLK ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
»' week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay si. : ." V
r R V ai Ml. ii<m >k. 957 MA'KKET ST., BE-
-I low Sixth, fora room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
TUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR RKPAIR-
O ing shoes: call and see: half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery; all repairing at half price; work guar-
anue.!. f>62 Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
a<;knts wanted.
"a GENTS ob local canvasser*^in pa-
cifle Coasts States se?id address to this office:
secure notice of new things. Address Manufac-
turers' Agency, 465 Ninth St., Oakland.
; \\' ANTED -2 GOOD MEN WHO HAVE HAD
" some experience with advertising, insurance
or specialties. Address A. S.. box 6.1, Call.
\\' A;\ TED-IN THIS CITY AND IN EVERY
'» town on this coast, a lady representative who
has an acquaintance with the Masonic fraternity.
Address L. R., box 81, Call.
CALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
\J wants rood agents to work its accident and
sick Insurance; liberal inducements offered. J.
W. HaNNA Secretary, Murphy building.
ROOMS WANTKD.
TIT" ANTED I'.Y FEBRUARY I,3 OB B HOUSE;
' ' keeping rooms, unfurnished, within boundaries
of Thirty-ninth Assembly District. Address 8.,
box 102, this olhce. •' ■
\\r ANTED-2 OR 3 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
'» north of Market; no children: state price. X.,
box 63, Call.
\\' A NTKD-BY RESPECTABLE GERMAN
" lady 1 or 2 unfurnished rooms; sunny and
i comfortable, with German family; reasonable.
Address W. P.. 917 Larkin St.. city.
'■ BOAKDINU WANTKD.
GENTLEMAN WANTS BOARD AND LOMO-
VX ing within 6 minutes' walk of Twenty-fourth
; and CHstro sts.: not over $4 60 per week. B. L. ,
■ box 165, C...1 Ollice.
I'ttOrEKTV WANTKL».
WAXTED-A LOtT'HEAP FOR CASiTPI(>
•' cation near Randall, Palmer or Chenery sts.
Apply or address Plumbing-shop, 4 Golden Gate
avenue. • .
WaNTEU-MISCKLLANEOUS.
\\r a.nted-skcond-'h a n i> watkh-tanK;
» » 20,000 10 50,1 00 gallons. JACOB HEYMAN,
room 5. Crocker build us.
PH I>l "i 1I:A PH UTOUTFIT FOR AMATEUR;
J- 6V»xBV2 preferred: first-class rig wanted. S.
C. Hammond, 83 Fourth si., city.
ANTED— OF sil< KING TOOLS
" for repairing; second hand. Cash, box 163.
Call.
W ANTED— WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
" repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DECSB, watchmaker, 126 Kearny St., thirl floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elrvtoA. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: «en.l postal.
KTOKAGJS :
OVER LARD' F R T TBANSFEB CO."
Fifth and Bluxome sts.— Furniture and goods
packed, shipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
houses; low rates; advances made., Tel. south 388.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
boId goods, etc. .1. M. PIERCE. 735 Market st.
UriLSOX BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-
'' Storage; low rates: telephone South 762.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. A dk LUCIS.PHYSICN-SURGEON.ROYAL
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus bids, 66l Markt
I > EMO V D— C. C-O'DONNELL To 1208
J-t Market st.; diseases of women a specialty.
__^_J^ HOCSES TO LET.
f?AO CAPP— COTTAGE OF SIX ROOMS:
OUO bath $26 00
1137 Guerrero— Six rooms and bath; newly
decorated; fine yard 110 00
116 Collingwood— " Cottage, 5 rooms; bath... 18 00
W.H.CBIM <fc CO., 118 Montgomery st.
<3?9q KA WATER FREE; MODERN
Vi)—i •*J\J, house: 6 rooms, alcove, bath, serv-
ant s room, laundry: planked basement. 1505
JacKgon st.; key at corner house. .
C* I A HOUSE; 4 ROOMS: BASEMENT. 629
-l-tt . Locust aye.. nr. Lacuna and McAllister.
UPPER PART; HOUSE: 9 ROOMS: YARD;
rent reasonable. 235 Fell st.
G{ £; A REDUCE D F ROM *75 : 18 ROOMS AND
«lT"v/. store; vicinity, Third St. A. M. SPECK
CO., 602 Market st.
490 O'FARRELL", NEAR TAYLOR— HOUSE.
tJO 9 rooms, bath: $45.
I^OUSE - 6 ROOMS-BATH. 225 POLK ST.
4 A/* GOUOII, NEAR HAVES-SIX SUNNY
rr\J\J rooms: bath; yard.
QftlC HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS AND BATH AND
??*■}?' large stable and yard: 1131 York st. R.
J. MERCER & SON, 410 Pine st.
ATE. COR. OF LAGUNA AND ELLIS— NINE
-L' rooms; bath; modern improvements: rent rea-
sonable. Apply 704 Larkin st.
9 1 9 PERRY ST.-HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS AND
_1— basement; rent $12 50: water free. Apply
G. 11. UMBSEN &CO., 14 Montgomery st.
fflj O A REDUCED FROM $10: NICE MODERN
tjPOV./. home of 8 rooms. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia St.; rent $16. Apply 2838
Mission.
SA V ED-DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a house from BALDWIN & HAM
Mo.M) 10 Montgomery st. ■ -.. ; . ,-_
I'I'KNISHEI) HOUSES.
FURNISHED FLAT; 6 ROOMsTbaTH ; $3oi
-T 111 Liberty st. \
LEGANTLY FURNISHED; CAN LIVE
rent free. 1431 Market St.; modern; sunny.
HANDSOME. SUNNY, NICELY FURNISHED
house: very reasonable to small family. Ad-
dress 607 Baker street. , ;•.
HOUSE, 6 ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY
furnished: near City Hall; no agents. N A
box 30. Call Office. *
CO 1 TAOKS TO LKT.
pOTTAG^ SIX ROOMS; P.ATH. LArXPUv!
\J etc.; entirely new; easiest terms: excellent
neighborhood ; no agents. 202 Powell st.
dt\ S\ NICE 5-ROOM COTTAGE, NEAR TlV-
'_ 1 '>. oil. SPECK >fc CO., 602 Market.
-FLATS 1O I, IST.
f?I.7.BEVENTEENTH^UPPER;s7^ ROOMS;
irv'-V-' ? th ••••r * 22 ()0
IOJ.O Valencia— Lower; 6 rooms; bath 22 50
824 Filbert— s rooms: oath 18 00
4H71/2 Fulton— 4 rooms 15 00
2825 Howard— Lower; 6 rooms; oa'h 21 00
2518 Mission — per: 6 rooms; bat 1 22 00
M 1 Olid— Upper; 7 rooms 18 00
W. 11. cki.m & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
DON'T FAIL TO LOOK AT THOSE MODERN
flats of 6 rooms, bath, etc., centrally located;
no car fare nncessary ; Turk St., near Larkin; rent
only $25 per month. App y to MADISON <fc
BURKE. 626 Market st.
0*99 SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 7 ROOMS:
<]? ——• ■ bath; basement. 908 Lott st., near Golden
Gats are. • ■...;.::'
6 SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH, $20: ALSO
cottage. 6 rooms, $15. Key at 1706 Hyde st.
2 FLATS; 6 ROOMS. EACH: BATH; RENT
reasonable. 2222--26 Geary St.
'J'JJ HICKORY ST.. BET. OOTAVIA A~ND
*'*J^ Lacuna. Fell and Oak— Sunny bay-window
flat: 5 sunny rooms and bath: large basement;
modern improvements; rent low to reliable, parties.
j\JEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 6~~ LIGHT
1' rooms; $18: bath, gas, tubs. 911 Folsoni, near
Fifth.
4> 1 9 FLAT; 4 ROOMS; HALL AND YARD.
<JJL-j. 444 Clementina st., near Si x .
9f>TT BUTTER — NICE MODERN SUNNY
~\JX ± flat; yard, front and rear: $16.
<£• 14. COR. OAK AND LAI i U N A ST.S.—
*JP-LTr. 4 nice sunny rooms.
VI ODERN NEW SUNNY FLAT; LOW RENT; 7
l'l rooms: bath and gard-n; top of hill. 923 Fell.
SINNY FLAT 3. ROOMS: GARDEN: ALSO
one 4 rooms, bath : $13 and $16. 1706 PO3. St.
,3 1 - I.oWEP. FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND BATH.
•jT J- I . 1027 Post st., bet. Polk and Larkin.
9 UPPER SUNNY BAY-WINDOW, 5 AND 7
— rooms, newly papered. 318 Shotwell, 130
Church; chenp.
AYE CAR FARE-BEST FLATS IN TH
»~ city; 5 and 6 rooms, bath; sunny central loca-
tion; nice neighborhood; keys XE. cor. Mason and
Sacramento sts. A pply 320 sansome st., room 4.
L'Oi It ROOMS AND BATH. 304 LILY AVK.;
J. reut $15. Owner 111 Van Ness aye.
(JJ. |») 3 ROOMs; BATH. IO9~THIRTEENTH
I— . St., near Valencia.
.fj'Oß SALE— LOVELY FURNISHED HOME; 6-
J. roomed fiat for young couple. 514 a Turk st.
TTIIBST FLOOR— 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
V unfinished basement: $16: clean and in coon
repair; quiet, attractive, private street. DEMI'-
STKR, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
Y"IVK LARGE ROOMS, FRONT AND REAR
.T yards, sunny; $25. 22 Twelfth St., between
Mission and Howard.
ArV. B Y FINE" FLAT; 7 ROOMS; LARGE
V yard; low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door.
A ROOM UPPER FLAT: NEW; MODERN";
tr fronting park. 1622 Fell St., near Lott,
9] 11 FAIR OAKS — NEW sT 7 NY LOWER
14'> Hat; arcms. bath; $17 50. UMBSEN &
CO.. 14 Montgomery st,
ONLY FOR 7 FINE BOOMS; BATH;
tip — 17 all modern Improvements; basement and
yard: 721 Fourteenth .>t.. near Market-st. cable-
cars. BALDWIN &. HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery.
Cj 1 D 7-ROOM FLATS; CLOSETS. STOVES.
•4P-*Q» water, dumb waiter; all modern; at. 956
Union st., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any $30 cottage In Oakland. To let
by K'iKMi; & KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
SUNN V UPPER FLAT: 6 ROOMS, BATH AND
basement. H96 Waller st., cor. Fillrnore.
' PPEK FLAT 727 SHOTWELL ST.; 6 ROOMS
U handsomely papered; bath; basennnt: quiet
home for old people; $23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
1 ELEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
-J low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath : 98 to $18.
CAVED- DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
0 by renting a flat from BALDWIN <fc HAM-
MOND 111 MontL-nn-erv Bt.
IiOLISi-.kKEI'ING IU.OMS.
Bush Street.
709 1 b^sh— l OR 2 SUNNY rooms and
4 \J£t% kitchen for housekeeping.
797 BUSH SUNNY ROOMS EN SUITE AND
1 £ I single: light housekeeping.
9VI X BUSH— N EWLY MUMS H ED SUNNY
*-IJL '' front connecting rooms for housekeeping;
and single rooms.
Wore Street.
"1/4'DORE — 4 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
lit) stable: rent $10.
j-ddy Street.
"I 9fVA EDDY— NEWLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
J ZA) keeping rooms. - •: ■;-: :. ; ■ .-■
CAO EDDY —PA LOR FLOOR, ELEGANTLY
»'v/-j furnished; housekeeping; gas: bath; 3
rooms. ■': \.
/'I 7 EDDY — HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
Ull double parlors with kitchen.
n't A EDDY — LARGE FURNISHED BAY-
U Li» window sunny front room and back room;
light housekeeping.
7 1 7 EDDY— 3 FURNISH D~SUNNY ROOMS
111 for housekeeping. .
;' ' l'olsom Street.
7QK FOLSOM— SUN NY FURNISHED FRONT
I OO room: light housekeeping; $8 per month.
Weary street.
"1 Q] 7 GEARY — PAP.LOR. BEDROOM,
XO 1 I dlniDg-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all necessaries: $24.
olden Gate Avenue. ' '--■-"*.
"I A GOLDEN GATE A YE.-FURNISHED
JU.IV/ lower flat; housekeeping; yard; rent
reasonable. ' •
..ji : ;'/i Harriet Street.
9 HARRIET— 3 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
for housekeeping; reasonable. .-...-
- Hayes Street.
141 Q 1 HAVES — 2 OR 3 FURNISHED
X^rXUs housekeeping; use kitchen and bath.
Howard Street.
/74Q HOWARD-2 OR 3 NICELY FUR-
i.rxt/ nlshed rooms for housekeeping: private.
1 1 OOa HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH -2
XX£*(J large rooms furnished for housekeeping*
Victor range, closets, bath, etc; in American
family; will rent cheap to quiet, sober people.
II 49 HOWARD-2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
- l A **■* keeping rooms; water, range, bath; rent
$10.
Hyde Street.
•QfjQ HYDE ST.-S~UNNY HOUSEKEEPING
UUt/rooms, en suite or single; terms moderate.
JLeaven worth street.
Q-\ (\ LEAVENWORTH- SUNNY BASEMENT
kjX\j suitable for office or housekeeping. .
!*¥s.s, '■ Lurk in Street. • ; .
49Q LARKIN— FURNISHED ROOMS; LIGHT
rsmu housekeeping; single and suite.
400 LARKIN-NEATLY FURNISHED bay-
\L<JKt window housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
1 ("HOI LARKIN— SUNNY RONT ROOM ;
XKJXQz grate; kitchen if desired. '
.. - : • ... ' Minna street.
°ififi . MINIirA ST. -NEATLY FURiSISHED
*J\J\J housekeeping rooms.
;.-: - , ■ - _ __ _
HOUSKKEEPIXO ROOMS — Continued.
Mission street.
Qqo MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
000 housekeeping rooms; 1,2 or 3 at $6, 8 or
$12 per month.
00.0 MISSION — 2 LARGE, SUNNY, FUR-
QUO nished rooms for housekeeping.
Q9-I MISSION — COMPLETELY FUi'.X-
-i/*ZjO% ished sunny housekeeping rooms; exclu-
sive; bath and porch. , \. •
"I 9JI MISSION — 4 CONNECTING ROOMS
X-jttX completely furnished; gas; private; rea-
sonable.
Moss Street.
1 q MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH—
XO 2 furnished rooms for housekeeping. r -
Natomit Street.
CCr NATOMA-'.' FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
000 housekeepini;: $10 month. ■'•>-'-.•.■;
f>A X N ATOM A— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS,
U"±U complete for housekeeping: $9.
7OA NATOMA ST.— TWO I.A KGE SUNNY
I ±J\J housekeeping rooms; use kitchen; ~12.
Ninth Street.
Ad A NINTH ST.— THREE HOUSEKEEPING
trwtfc rooms: unfurnished: rent $8. ; --::>:
O'*arr€>ll Street.
AOZ. O'FARRELI^— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
\IZIO front rooms for light housekeeping.
JO] O'FARRELL— OR 8 NICELY" FUR-
IOI nished rooms: complete for housekeeping.
JXO/:»1 O'FARRELL— 2. SUNNY ■ CNFUR-
O±* L»2 nished rooms for light housekeeping.
Post Street.
Q9l POST — FRONT AND BACK PARLOR
t/ — JL furnished for housekeeping.
Powell Street.
904. POWELL- 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
«vTt furnished for light housekeeping.
? » > Rausch Street.
qq RAUSCH, OFF HOWARD, BET. SEVENTH
O»7 and Eighth — Large front sunny room and
kitchen, furnished for housekeeping; $12. '.-. ■■■■ -
Seventh Street.
1 qq SEVENTH— FURNISHED FRONT SUN-
-100 ny housekeeping rooms adjoining; low.
1 Of* SEVENTH— 2 SUNNY. NICELY FUR-
J-OU nished housekeeping rooms; $10 per month.
South I'arK.
"I O SOUTH PARK — 4 WELL - FURNISHED
XU housekeeping rooms, $13: single rooms, $5.
Tehama Street, v^..,:
DOT TEHAMA — 2 SUNNY FURNISHED
•JO I rooms, suitable for housekeeping: also sin-
gle rooms. -. .--: -.■: . .. ;■:
Third Street.
1 tqi THIRD-NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
XUO3 rooms for housekeeping: also single.
El Q THIRD, CORNER SOUTH park— fur-
-0 •} nished housekeeping rooms; range; run-
ning water.
Turk Street.
"I Of? TURK— FLAT; 3SUNNY ROOMS
X^.U for housekeeping.
Twenty-Second Street.
©I C 6 UNFURNISHED ROOMS, GAS AND
<£>XO. bath; water free. 526 22d St., cor. Capp.
Vallejo Street.
1 9q91 VALLEJO, NEAR HYDE — FUR-
J ~ —•£ nished rooms for housekeeping.
Van Xess Avenne.
q9fk VAX NESS AYE— NICELY FUR-
O+*\J nished sunny front rooms; for housekeeping.
~IJ-\ VAN NESS — LARGE SUNNY ROO~M~
I x\J with privilege of housekeeping.
1 nil] VAX NESS AYE.. Xr.AR gear
J-U«__L adjoining rooms: new house low rent.
1 AfkG VAN * NESS AYE— TWO ELEGANT
XttUU furnished suites: very reasonable.
"Washington street.
1 OOA "WASHINGTON. NEAR JONES— MA-
J OOU rine view; 8 newly furnished hous 'keep-
Ing rooms, detached: gas range, etc. desirable.
UOOMS TO LEI.
Brannau Street.
A 99 BRANNAN — NICE ROOM WITH USE
xjL-j of stove; $1 a week.
Bush Street.
1019 NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
X\JXZj alcove room; alsosinglerms; use of bath.
Eddy Street.
I I Q EDDY— SUNNY ROOMS; NEW FCRNI-
-1 JO ture: clean beds; $5 up; also light house-
keeping.
;•,'.>, Eighth street. .
"1 Al EIGHTH ST., NEAR MARKET— NICE
XxJjt sunny, furnished, double front room.
HERMAN APARTMENT HOUbE, 28 BTH
0 St.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Ellin street. ~~
F.9Q ELLIS-DESIRABLE PARLOR FLOOR;
OZ.O unfurnished. iv; \ -'?'•??'.
ELLIS— LARGE FRONT ROOM, WITH
I— X privilege of housekeeping; bath and gas-
reasonable.
Fifth Street.
qi A. FIFTH— SUNNY FURNISHED
. "I- room; closet; bath: private fmly; «1 week.
FoJsom Street.
£EQ FURNISHED FRONT ROOM.
U«JO with use of kitchen; $6.
QOC FOLSOM— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
• '•)•' furnished complete; rent $9 and $4 50.
l(|q]'l FOLSOM — large newly fur"
J-VOUg nished hack parlor; private family; $6.
Geary Street.
P.f\O GEARY, NEAR JONES-LARGE FRONT
\J\'O room for gentleman: $10.-
-01/71 GEARY — THREE NEATLY FUR-
OX I 3 nished rooms; terms reasonable.
"I Ol C. GEARY -NICELY FURNISHED AL-
XOXO cove room; private family.
' Golden CJ»to Avenue.
9"! Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— PLEASANT
— X O sunny double and single rooms; reasonable.
9O|) GOLDEN GATE AYE— SUNNY FRONT
O«_)V/ bay-window rm; reasonable; private family.
Green Street. .
CT\Q GREEN ST. - NICELY FURNISHED
' UXCJ rooms: single or double; private family.
Grove Street.
1 O GROVE — SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM,
XU with use of kitchen; $10.
Harrison Street.
Q-| q HARRISON. NX. FOURTH— NICELY
010 furnished front room, with or without
board.
Howard Street.
m7l HOWARD-LARGE ROOM; SUIT-
-1 " able 1 or 2 men; gas; bath; private.
Jackson Street.
1 JACKSON, NEAR MA ', FUR-
XV/J-(J nished sunny front single room. ?-.
Jones Street.
907 JONER-TIIE VAN WINKLE: NEW
*•" I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; ?lo to *:io.
. . Kearny Street,.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
-TV ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first cl»m
in every respect: terms reasonable.
Lark in Street.
Q-I O LARKIN-HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
OXO suite of parlors; private family; rnnnln"
water: gas. ■
1 1)1 Q LARKIN. COR. SUTTER _ NEWLY
X' 'X>J furnished suites: single; housekeeping.
1 200 ARKI:S '- . OPP< LURLINE BATIiS":
X~\J\J Sunny furnished rooms; $5 a month.
] ".'[' Leaienworth Street.
On A LEAVEN WORTH, KB. BUTTER-SUN
mcli- "^ alcovesuites very desirable for gentle-
Mar k£t_S_tree t.
777 MARKET - NICELY FURNISHED
» * suites and single; housekpg; also offices.
yOSKM ITK " HOUSE. 1045 MARKET. BET.'
• 11 « aD d Keventh-Slnsle and suites: per
night. 35c to $1 : w»«k, $1 60 to $5: families
i ] o ft MARKK ~ < — N ICELY FURNISHED
; X^V/U gunny room; terms reasonable,
.. Martha Place.
i 6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, NEAR MA-
: ■"•" son— Furnished sunny room: $5; private.
Mason Street.
Al 7 SON— (CHANGED HANDS) SUNNY
I xx 1 front suites, suitable for doctor's oilice.
• JHcAMinler Street.
BEDROOM AND KITCHEN: UNFUR-
nlshed. 340 McAllister st., downstairs.
Al 9 MCALLISTER, FLAT I— BACK PARLOR
und single rooms suitable for gentlemen.
JAE MCALLISTER— LARGE FURNISHED
tIUU room; suitable for.l or 2 gentlemen.
; Minim -Treot.
• "I 79 MINNA — NEATLY FURNISHED
; xi — rooms, 75c and $1 per week. ;
\>Y(* MINNA- si no le BUNNY furnished
' ID rooms; $1 week up.
a OH : " MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
-1 UD 1 nished bay- window looms; $1 a week:
transient.
'■-'.. . ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
aiission street.
8 SUNNY, FURNISHED ROOMS FROM SI
O up; nlso housekeeping room: reasonable. 521
Mission st- ■
Q-] ~ MISSION— LARGEFRONTFL'RNISHED
OJL O single room.
QQ.) MISSION— BASEMENT FLOOR OF 3
1 (*.)_ nice rooms, with range; large yard; per
, month.
FlO" 1 ISSION— HANDSOMELY fURNISH-
.(_,)., ,i sunny bay-wiudow front room; first
Boor; grate; gas. . ■ f<
T7UROFE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION-NICELY
Jj furnished rooms, single or en suite; trariDients.
r* RANI) SOUTHERN -SIC. cm:. 7111 ami
' I Mission, reopened; thoroughly renovated ;sunny
front rooms; elegantly furnished or en suite;
stationary ua.shstands and running water in
every room: choicest location ; terms reasonable.
CKarrell Strret.
m O'FARRELL - NICELY FURNISHED
I _,_ room for a gentleman; all conveniences;
cent $8. ■
QQ-Q O'FARRELL- NICELY FURNISHED
000 sunny rooms: private family.
rim- Street.
£>91 PINE— PLEASANT FRONT ROOM, $8;
D_ 1 suitable for •-' gentlemen.
Polk Street.
Irj POLK -FRONT BAY-WINUOW ROOMS
X I or single; f 6 up; also housekeeping.
Post Street.
POST — 2 SUNNY SINGLE FRONT
O\jZi rooms: cheap. .
r POST— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED PAR- '
OvOlors: also single rooms: reasonable.
ROT POST— FRONT PARLOR, NICELY FUR-
OJJ I nished, with use of kitchen; ?14.
(*1 C POST-NICE ALCOVE BOOM FOR 1 OR
Ul»J_ gentlemen: moderate rent.
7A9 POST, NEAR — NICELY FUR-
I U__ nished hall bedroom. . [
Ql QB NE\VI7i'""FURNISHED FRONT
tJ XO bay window room: bath: gentlemen^
Ul A POST— FRONT, FIRXI~HF.!>, BAY-
OxO window suite of rooms with grate, gas,
bath, folding l»d. lar>;e closet; also front bay-
window bedroom : rent very reasonable.
1 O(\ i POST — _ XI('E I. V It X ISHED
X »jU~I suites: also single for housekeeping.
Sixth Si reel.
1 fIQ SIX.TH— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
-IUO ny rooms, en suite or single; $1 25 up.
Stockton Street.
9/-V9I STOCKTON— SUITES; SINGLE I
_<'_•< rooms: changed hands; newly renovated ;
transient.
Slitter Street. w^a
KOA SUTTER — NICELY FURNISHED '
O~\J front suite: also other rooms: suitable for
2 or 3 gentlemen or gent and wife; gas and bath; ;
central.
Z»Qrt sutter-large, sunny, front
UOl/ suite for offices! hot and cold water.
1 i )(\A ' BUTTER Xli ELY FURNISH ED
X^-Utl2 front sunny room: gas, bath; »12 for 1.
Taylor a treet.
1 ACk TAYLOR-LARGE, SUNNY, FRONT |
X" tj rooms; single or en suite: newly furnished;
with hot water baih. ' '
TT~T TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
111 front room; gentlemen only. ;
C99TAVLOK-NEWLY FURNISHED BUN-
OliSi ny rooms; thoroughly respectable.
Third Street.
TV" INCH ESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD. NEAR
«' Market; most convenient »nd respectable; 200
rooms 2Dc to $1 50 per night : *1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room : reading r'm ; tree 0113.
Turk Street.
909 1 TURK— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS: EI.E-
- — '' — 'i gantly furnished: single and en suite; rea-
sonable.
Twenty-third Street.
490 A TWENTY-THIRD, NEAR HOWARD—
X— O 2or 3 furnished rooms; gas; bath; rent ex-
changed in board.
Valencia Street
O(\A VALENCIA— I NICELY FURNISHED
• >' ' 1 sunny room.
1 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH3I
-TV WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
BOAKIMNG AM> ICOOMS.
PACIFIC wk.. XF. si: BUCH IINAN— LARGE
front bay window room to rut, with board for
two. $50: young couple preferred. Address X. E. 8..
\ok 78, Call ufiice.
TTUIENCH— A REFINED PARISIAN FAMILY
X would like to take one or two boarders: moder-
ate prices; French cooking. 1602 Stockton, corner
Union.
MAC VAN NESS. AYE. — FURNISHKD
X^LXJtJ front suite, with board: also single room.
KQI ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM',
OO L with board; French family; terms moder-
ate: references.
QOQ GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNN
<->O suites: table board; suitable for families.
TFYOU WANT A PLEASANT HOME CALL
X at Van Ness five., cor. Bush St.; the Winder-
mere; references required.
q9r« EDDY— HOTEL X'/rsiaNDIE; SUNNY
OZ.\J sing.c 10. ins; table board : ms reasonable.
HOTEL BEKTLING. 714 bUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
em conveniences.
CHILDREN BOABDKO.
WANTED- I~orlT*C iITITDR
'* large yard: nice neighborhood; 1 block from
school. Address C. 8., box 40, Call Office.
Tir ANTED— I OR MORE ChTTiTreN TO
TT hoard: good home. 15117 Twenty-fourth St.
ENGLISH DOW WISHES 2 CHILDREN TO
board ; rooms for parents. 47Va Gilbert st.
-;,-•>•> POST, NEAR CENTRAL AYE— GOOD
"Uili) home for 1 or 2 children to board; front
room for parents, if required.
you CT~~FI3~D~REFIXED HOME IN AMER*
X lean family for child; terms moderate. 402
San Jose aye. •■-.- ; --
STORKS TO LKT. ""*""
(JJf IQA STORE, NOW OCCUPIED BY WIT-
Vl-". /el <fc Baker, 322 Battery st.; two
stories with tine concrete basement- very dry
ASHTON .V GARDINER, 411 Montgomery at. ' *
OFFICES TO LKT.
p-ONVENIENT OFFICES IN NEW BUILD-
\J Ing corner Market, Drumm and California sts ■
BURKE', 626 mSs^ APPIy MADl *° y *
Fpo NICELY FURNISHED OFFICES*
X reit cheap. Apply room 7, Flood building. ' '
ij^REE RENT (1/2 MONIH) GIVEN HOOD
X I tenants; cottages, Huts, |5 up. SPECK <t CO
602 Market st
L' LEO AM J OFFICES ■IN l NEW BPRECKEL3
Xj building, 920 Market: rents low; no extra
coarge for jas. janitor services or heatlnr. Apply
at building orG. H.UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montc.tt.
tDIit'AHOKAL.
rpHK ;i VDINO SHORTHAND COLLEGE^ —
-»■ Individual Instruction; four months* course. • ™
> " r . e Stenographic Institute, 336 Montgomery st.
L^M ELIE MELVILL.E~~WILL RM'K.IVF. A
'- limited number of pupils: thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sins-
Ing. iiSOO Webster St., cor. of Washington.
Cr*ANIBH AND FRENCH At;.,Uh.M.; UA»-
O Milan and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
93 month; also painting academy. Mowers specialty,
.1 lessons week, $3 month; translations. Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market St.. room :■:.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOK KEEP-
X Ing, shorthand, etc. Stlehi's College, 723 Market.
TTOOAL TEACHER JOSEPH GREVEN I.M-
V proves and ho. unities even spotted voices, and
procures positions to his pupils. 62 Ninth st.
I,' RENCH.BPA N CSH.Etc. PROF.DkFILI
X' Academy of Languages: lost; estab. 1871.
Miss BOLTE'S SCHOOL. ■-"-! SACRAMENTO
1 X st. — Board. English. French, pit no. dancing,
S3O a mo.; excellent chance fur ambiilouaand con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tion at low figure; term Jan. 2; kindergarten coach.
t>NGLIBH, LATIN, mathematics. ENO-
Jj llsli literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON,
724 O'Fnrrell st.__J '
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY-
cIass or private. MRS.EHItMAN, 1234 Bush st.
TJELA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
X> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. Mock, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture
assay; estab. '64. VAN DKR NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
STUDENTS PREPARED for'theTjnTver;
slty, law and medical colleges; day and eveninz
classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
BOW EX s ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY \vi
X> Berkeley. Cal. T. S. BOWENS, M. A., Principal!
■TTIOLIN, M A.\l>oi.lX. GUITAR. COB.VET
> taught. Prof. L.MERKI. '-'25 Geary :reason»bl'»
PaNJSH.FKENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE*
Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
H' KAl.li's BUBINESS COLLEGE 24 POST ST*
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand"
typing, electrical englneerlne, telegraphy, mod»ra
languages rapidly taught. Write tor catalogue. '
VM(.ll I'SCHOOJL;UEALD - 1.1 s. v;~~Xh~~E~~~
XI Post: commercial, shorthand. Knciish •. low ra'«« *
\ lULIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO* KKA~
V enable. PROF. FRaSCK lW^vlienctx
/IIiF.MIST BY A X D A ,\ \1 x c .. ,r v 1 nS:
\J ham'a BcbOOl, cor. Geary mnd Powell m. " '
CAN F.':a.n« IX o IllM.M.ss rt)l,i.K,,i- l-ii *
**> Market: send for pl; .. , - anil \ynUii^\n»
BIILOINU AND LOAM ASSOCIATION.
ontin ent7Cl"bu i ldTng SND lOA X As'
V^ sociation-Home office, 222 Sansome ft s F
General sh vines & loan business. Ed £ Hill Previ
Oliver Eldridge V.i'r.; w forbin, Sec.^ u"u fiiaCITT nZALJESTATI^^___ j
f- 1 H. mtBSEB * CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. RENT COLLECTORS
AND AUCTIONEERS.
14 Montgomery st., near Market.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate R^<?rds/ i
»h!ch contains a list of properties for sale in all .
r«rtsof the city.
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
BARGAINS.
-% <o~n NICK •■ "' BtTBSTANTIAX. 3-\
S42i>o.«ory bay-window residence of 8:
Joomfand haS7a«r^o.l-r.. >™>T t X- staM^-
conveniences: laundry: biick foundation, stable, ,
large lot; corner on Capp si.
r*~nr\r\ CORNER ON WEBSTER ST.: COT-
«£ner .:. ake unimproved prop- j
eny in part payment.
-.--AA BARGAIN: RENTS $74 PER
$7500. month; Pine st.: Inside property: i
accepted. .
ftOOnn INVESTMENT;^ COTTAGES LOT |
>J. A " '. 25x100; rent $216 per annum. Ala- ,
bama st. ,
(T>O<AA COZY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
J4UU. of 5 rooms and bath, laundry: brick
foundation, stone walks, etc.: will be gold on easy
terms. NortD fide of Thirtieth st.
• -"A BENT $720 PER ANNUM: 4 COT-
,*M > i ,)\t. Lagi 9 and lot sox7s. Western Addi-
tion; corner; improving neighborhood.
-.1 a AAA A GREAT BARGAIN; RENT
>• 1 U.Ul"'. 51440 per annum: several sub-
sTantlftl houses and lot 75x112:6; street accepted.
Near Fifth and Harrison sts.
QrjQriA ANOTHER GREAT BARGAIN;
ODOOU. rent .*72 50 per mouth: 3 substantial
and elegant tiats on sunny side of Fulton st. : brick
foundation; all modern improvements and conven-
iences; lot 25x127 :6.
C9HOO <>N EASY TERMS; FLORIDA ST.;
C — "«". cottage of 4 rooms; lot 27x100.
QQnnn ANOTHER GOOD INVESTMENT;
•_. '"'v'U. rent 988 per month; 4 substantial
bay-window fiats: brick foundation, etc.; 10t27:6x
95: within a stone's throw of Market st. and Van
Ness aye.
Qll ~i(\f\ KENT $1200 PER ANNUM:
1. I 1 .«JUU. always rented: 6 substantial flats,
nr-ar lit ii and Mission sts.; lot 60x75; street ac-
cepted by the city.
O> |-|/-in RENT $63 10 PER MONTH: CLAY-
« 3 OUUU. St. investment; 2 houses of 8 rooms
a- d bath each; brick foundation: street accepted:
lot 37:6x71.
QQAAA HOWARD- ST. INVESTMENT: 3
O3UUU. nice bay-window flats of 5, 5 and 4
rooms and bath each.and house of 4 rooms; brick
foundation; stone walks: mortgage of .f 4200, at
6 J /3 per cent, can remain if desired; lot '_'7xllO.
< 1 i C\fU^ RENT $1296 PER ANNUM;
•_ 1 r.UvM'. Mason su: 6 nearly new bay-win-
now flats: all modern Improvements, and lot 39:6 x
97:6; ni:e location.
Q9XAA MISSION HOME ON THE IN-
>„ —.O\J\J . st&llmeut plan: 3-story bav-winriow
re?Mence of 7 rooms an.; bath: Drick foundation;
stone walks; fine views: within I'j blocks from
and easily accessible by 24th st. electric road.
Q£ooo SPLENDID WEST I ADDITION
•_"""''. investment: ren: (720 per annum:
a'.waysTrt-ate<l ; 2 comparatively new nous of 7
rooms nn>l bath each; brick foundation, etc. ; lot
32:6x82:6.
52 7000 MAY BE LESS; CHOICE BUSI-
-•_ H'VU. ness corner on Hayes St.: 37:6x61:9
and Improvements.
UNIMPROVED.
10— Choice Soott-st. residence: lot 25x116:3.
S-J2so— Cnion-s:. building; lot 25x100.
56t55— Merrltt St., near ISth; 25x80; ready to
buiiti on.
?2-"i2o— Nie<> residence 10' on Pine st.
?-!ooo— Choice: Post st., near'Laguna: resi-
dence lot; 25:9x137:6.
#2400— FuUon St.; lo: 25x137:6.
$1600— Barea:n; Golden ate aye.; 25x137:6.
Guerrero st.; 25x90; street accepted.
<i. H. MBS! . & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
Q 9 A X 1 5% OFF~FOR~CASH: SPLENDID
O— • •'• lot: 27x100: Eemisst.,nr. Castro: block
from cars- 30 minutes from terry. J. R. ROCHE,
San Rafael.
\\- ILL t. .USHER i CO.,
'» REAL ESTATE AGENTS
AND GENERAL AUCTIONEERS,
14 POST ST.
HOUSES RENTED: PROPERTY CARED
FOR; RENTS COLLECTED: INSURANCE
PLACED.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM 5300 TO $1000.
CM 000 CALIFORNIA ST. AND 2D AYE.
<^}X\J\J\J. lots; easy terms.
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
*ijnn ForK BLOCKS FROM THE PARK;
Otlv'-/. ready to cuild en: easy terms; only a
few lefu
MISSION LOTS.
Ql ".nn 15Tl: ST., COR. DOLORES. 25x71;
<?1-O\J\J, easy terms.
WESTERN ADDITION.
QOI -»n - 1 " 1 25x100: OAK ST., NR. ASH-
O — i-U\J. bury, facing panhandle.
QIQXA ELEGANT LOT, 25x100; N. SIDE
<ipi-(JU\J. Grove, nr. Baker: nothing cheaper.
IMPROVED.
< 1 ".AA 725 CALIFORNIA ST.: 34x92:
<ii I 1""'. larse house; income $40 per month.
< "ittnn ELEGANT, NEW, SUNNY COT-
IA/vFV/. taee: Baker St., nr. Washington; no
reasonable offer refused.
Q. 19 000 elegant VAN NESS AYE.
'- *-—■ •""-'. residence; 16 roo:i:s; modern; de-
sirable locatio .
ftl9 \i\i\ CHOICE BUSINESS INVF.ST-
'- ± — ••""'. nient; California St., near Larkfn;
40x80; sutstaiuial 3-story house; rent
$100; owner anxious to sell.
SRI 9 \(\f\ ELEGANT HOUSE; E. SIDE
'- l-*'WvU. ]*-visad«-ro st., bet. Vallejo and
Green; lot 36x103:6; easy terms.
HOUSES AND LOTS IN ALL PARTS OF
the city. Call for lists.
O OUT AND SEE THE HOUSES NOW
vr being ballx on the
HEYMAN TRACT.
You can't afford to pay rent when you can buy a
fine 5 room a,T! bath cottage, including lot 25x114
for $;500; $300 do-.vn. balance $25 monthly'
518 60 of this^oes toward payment of the house
and $t> 40 is the average interest (or rent).
Eight years" payment of rent you nothing;
8 years' payment on a house gives you your own
home.
To cc the Hevman Tract and these cottages
t.ike Castro st. car to 23d st.or Mi<siori-st. car and
transfer at 22<ist.; cars go direct to tract. Mr.
James .1. Cotter, resident agent, will show you all
around.
JACOB HEYMAN, owner, room 5 Crocker
buildins.
< It'ifl LOT~2SxT6O; 1 BLOCK FR'JJI MIS-
»I *)'>\i. Sl on St.; perfectly level ; street (traded-
slo monthly. '
<"\fin LOTS READY TO BUILD ON: 1
»D -<W. block from J3th-su electric road- $10
monthly.
<'^rin EACIT: LCrTS 25x116:, NR. SILVER
OUU aye.; $5 monthly.
MISSION-ROAD LOTS.
Q9~ A EACH; * 6 MONTHLY.
C|XXA KICHMOND LOTS ON 23D AYE ■
»J)t)c)U. $10 monthly.
JACOB HEYMAN, owner, room 6, Crocker
building. Post and Market sts.
FT E. POEULMa3.% ~
415 MONTGOMERY STREET.
C/JAAA MARINE-VIEW RESIDENCE OF
'i I''vu. 9 rooms, bath, etc.; in perfect condi-
tion: 2 bargain
< ■■'A\(\ OFFER WANTED; LARGE COR-
% OUUU, ncr lot, 50x120, on California st.;
sewered; cable passes.
<"(K)A WORTH FAR MORE: OAK ST.,
•^,uuuu. home; 6 rooms, bath, basement: lot
-. :1>x112:6, near electric line: owner non-resident.
£1 ft 000 ! KiL ST - FRO *-'' AND REAR
'.IU.UUU. Improvements: lot 55x120 to rear
s.rent; 35 ft. vacant on Fell; rented low at $112
©97^0 BEACH si : HALF6O-VAKA-
_< .)'.'. 68:9x137:6; near cable. > - a "" A -
H. E. POEHLMAN. 415 Montgomery st.
<")<> '" X FEW »AYS ONLY. NORTH
"tVwi! ■> lildeClement:str * <>lworlC(Io 25x100
T***^rxio" hWeBt COrn * r on yrederick : flue
$1750— Belvedere, near Waller; 25x120
00— Waller, Dear Belvedere; very chean-
-25x108. ENGLISH 4 MORRISSEY, 6iS MarlfJPf.:
SI 000 IjOT rP S SEVENTH AVENUE"
♦ITXUUU. near D St.. size 25x120. '
$1900— Lot near park panhandle; very chean-
e-'H M_il«- /• W - WBlG *' l ' « CO., real estate. '
SACRIFICE— 75x100, with GOOD ifbusr
of 9 rooms; beautiful view; with use of stable
and water works and large adjoining grounds-
price $4500, part cash: or would exchange'
.<iCOK«Jfi D. .SriADKcKNE. 415 Moatgog cry ;.;
• 000 :., BHOB "■' ■ NEAR-ELLIS^
»4>IO.UUU. |« rgl . hit, 75x90: five 2-story an j
biupment houses of 6 rooms and bath each; houses
In !i rut-class order and paying good income; two
electric lines within half a block; a splendid piece
of income property.
$5000— Baker st., near California, east side,
large, desirable lot, 65x32:6; street accepted; sur-
roundings very choice.
ROBERT J. MERCER ft SON, 410 Pine st.
PROPERTY WANTED FOR CASH — resi-
a dence bet. Pierce, I-evisadero, Pine and Clay
2240 PnCe * °° to * lo - 000 - Address P.O. box
IThome or investment:
-£ S*« these bargains right in town; elegant 5-
, r f°i", a ' id . b " 1 * ootta«ee $3600: easy terms; just
<ompi.te.l; s, : :u,-!! st , n^r 17th: open daily. E.
P. fc. TROY, owner, 30 1 California st.
*H2OO . A FIXE MODERN COTTAGE OF .5
1^ « V Be auan y rooms and bath for sale
od easy terms, or will take vacant lots as part pay-
ThS™.. w C^ :^u Or small pllire 'cross the bay.
Addres* W, a, IOWLER, 31s pine at.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON * ~ BURKE^ REAL , EST ATS
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st.
SW. COR. VAN NESS AYE. AND O'FARRELL
St.; 120 on Van Ness aye. by 178 in depth; 3
frontages. MADISON & BURKE.
7KAA RENT $80 PER MONTH: 4 TENE-
<Tp I UV'V'. m^nts and lot £5x120; S. line of Pine
si., 60 E. of Polk; 2 frontages. MADISON &
BURKE.
Oil P\ 000 WALLER ST. COR. SHRADER:
.\J\J\J . new building stores and flats; lot
34:7x80. MADISON A BURKE.
©TO 000 OCTAVIA. NR. ELLIS: 11
-L «->• yjvl . rooms and bath; modern house:
lot 30x110. MADISON & BURKE.
T»ARK RESIDENCE: FELL ST., NR. LOTT;
X D rooms and bath: all modern conveniences;
25x137:6; only $7250. MADISON & BURKE.
/CHOICE SUNNY RESIDENCE OF 10 ROOMS,
V bath, attic and basement; all improvements,
heater, etc.; Steiner, bet. California and Sacra-
mento; lot 26x106:3. MADISON <fc BURKE.
Ctft^kOO WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVI9A-
«iP \JO\J'f, dero— 7 rooms and bath: conserva-
tor}-, lot 25x127:8. MADISON & BURKE.
ONLY $6000; BRODERICK, NEAR BUSH;
lot 60x90. with house of 11 rooms, occupying
25 feet, which with small outlay can be turned into
two flats. MADISON i BURKE.
<Tj£AAA PAGE, NEAR BRODERH'K: HESI-
«irUUUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 26x
b7:6. MADISON &. BURKE.
© C AAA No. 240 MINNA ST., NR. 3D: EX-
«JpUUU\J. amtne and make an offer: store and 8
rooms: flat, 9 rooms. MADISON & BURKE.
© '"^nnA 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
OOUUU. Ridley; rents $44; lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON <fc BURKE.
CJQAAA. MINNA, NEAR 7TH, 2 FLATS,
OOUUU. renting for $30; lot 22:6x80.
OOAAA RENTS $24 PER MONTH; LE
*2)~\J\J\J. Roy place, near Sacramento and
Leavenworth «xi ; lot 22:6x80.
JiQ'A 6 ROOMS AND BATH; RENTS $12;
<£>O«JU. Potrero, near Union Iron Works; lot
25x85.
HOUSE AND LOT; 1318 LEAVENWORTH
St., bet. Clay and Washington; 9 rooms and
bath: electric lighting; hot-air furnace: been
rented for $60; reduced from $8500 to $7250. Ap-
ply MADISON & BURKE.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$10,500— Devisadero, near Fulton; 82:6x90.
000— C^pp and 19th: corner: 125x122:6.
$5500— Washington, corner Lyon; 31:3x100.
54500— 24 th, NX. cor. Vicksburg; 50x114.
$4000—65x117:6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$3500— Stefner, near Pine: 25x103.
$:-t,M»O— Baker, near Jackson: 27:8x110.
$2700— Noe, near Market; 25x100.
$2500— Cheap; Clay, near Baker: 25x105.
$2400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$2200— Lyon. near Grove: 25x100.
$1550— Vicksburg, near 22d; 32:6x117:6 to an
alley.
$i 350^ — Jessie, nr. Hermann: 25x77:6: part cash.
Sanchez, cor. Valley; 26:6x100; $1250.
MADISON A BURKE, 626 Market st. v
SIIATNWALD. UUCKBEE & CO., REAL ES-
TATE AGENTS.
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$5000— Devisadero st.. near Waller; modern 2
story house of 9 rooms and bath; 5 bedrooms; very
cheap; lot 25x106:3.
$6000— Broadway, near Devisadero; fine marine
view lot; 40x127:8 "4.
? 10.000— Income 1200 per annum; downtown;
close to Grant aye.: one tenant.
?6500— Louisa St., near 4th; 4 flats; rents
$55 50:10:39:7x69.
$1140— Only $60 a lot for 19 lots; south of park;
225x240: very cheap.
$18,500— Eddy st., near Larkin: price reduced
from $23,000: 3 substantial houses; rentssl27 50;
lot 57:6x93.
$2700— Nineteenth st., near Castro; modern cot-
time of 6 rooms and bath; lot 30x75: easy terms if
desired.
?1 1.500— Sutter St., north side, near Leaven-
worth; 2 handsome modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rents $85; lot 25x87:6.
$3000— Beautiful new cottage: 12 Day st., near
Dolores: contains 5 rooms, bath and basement;
easy terms: small cash payment; balance at 7 per
cent: lot 25x114.
$850— $100 cash, balance $20 monthly:
Richmond lots; 10th aye., near California si.;
cheap.
StiOU-Hill st., near Sanchez; 25x114; offer
wanted.
! $2250— Clay St.: marine view; Presidio Heights,
near Laurel St.; 27:6x127:8Vi> or two lots at the
same rate.
if 6250-905 Fillmore st.. near McAllister; hand-
somp two -story cottage of 7 rooms and bath; lot
25x87:6.
$5250— Broderick St., near Clay; very handsome
cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 27:8 l AxBO.
? 15. 000— Mission st.. N. line, near sth; store and
flat above: $9000 mortgage can remain at 6V3
percent; lot 25x90.
Stevenson St., near 19th; 2 flats of 4 and
5 rooms and bath: rents $30; lot 26x80.
$4250— Minna St., near 2d; renta $42; lot
25x80 rect.
$6000— Price reduced from $7500: substantial
bay-window house of 8 rooms md bath; Golden
Gate aye.. near Pierce: lot 27:6x110 feet.
$4500— 14 th and Jessie sts., northwest corner;
25x95 feet.
$9250— Mission st.. near 19th; lot 45x122:6,
with 3 houses: xents $45.
$2800— Cost owner overs4ooo; handsome modern
; bay -window cottage. 5 rooms and bath; cement
street; online Sutro electric road; easy terms,
! equal to rent if desired.
$1250— Stevenson St., near 14th, 25x65 feet; or
three lots at same rate.
$1100— Noe st.. E. line, near Hill; 25x110 feet;
' lot all graded and ready to build on.
'. $3400— N. side Jackson St., near Leavenworth, a
2-story flat of 4 rooms each; rent $24 50 per
; month: size lot 24:6x82.
$1700--( lay st., near Spruce: Presidio Heights;
25x127 :8' 4, or 3 lots at the same rate.
$2000— Chnrcn st., bet. 15th and 16th sts.; 25x
125 feet ; on line electric road.
The above is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills building.
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
REAL ESTATE BROKERS AND
FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 Montgomery st.
Q'AAA DEVISADERO ST.. EAST SIDE;
igO\J\J\J. 26x106:3, with modern house of 9
large rooms and bath: basement; brick
foundation: cement walk: grand view;
choice neighborhood; car facilities; easy
terms if desired.
©91KA JACKSON ST.. NEAR BAKER: 25
SOI Jackson ST.. NEAR BAKER:
OlO\J. x127:K : 4; good locality for flats;
would rent well : a cheap lot.
<"' A ANXIOUS TO SELL AND OWNER
%?*i ' *-)'"• wants an offer: Pine st.; a good neigh-
borhood; large lot, 25x137:6: modern two-
story, bay-window house; 9 large rooms;
bath: basement: buck foundation; cement
sidewalk; first-class condition; easy terms if
desired.
Oil A r,f)f| NORTH SIDE OF OAK ST.,
idJLr±.O\J\J. near Fill more; 27:6x137:6; three
good, substantial modern flats; band 7 rooms
In each: bath and all modern improvements;
rents $1250 per annum ; street work all done
and accepted; easy terms.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
■EXTRAORDINARY BARGAIN (PROBATE).
S2J PRICE $5600. PRESENT INCOME, f 50.
SHOULD BRING $75 A MONTH.
Elegant 4-story fine building on heavy brick
foundation ; containing 16 main beautifully fin-
ished rooms. 20 closets, 11 marble manteli and
grates, 4 bathrooms, dummy waiter, elevators,
speaklng-tnbes, bay-windows front and rear, man-
sard roof, new plumbing, sidewalk, sewer and
street work good and complete; the 23x97 :6-foot
lot has open paved alley in rear; in first-class con-
dition; 6 minutes' walk from Market and Kearny.
>\ D. SICKELS,
THE
LAND AGENT,
318 Post St.. bet. Stockton ana Powell, City.
T\f H. CRlM~_r~c6Ti " '~ ~— — —
M .REAL ICSXATE AND INSURANCE
BKOKKRS, 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
HOWARD, NEAR IST; 25 OR 50x86; RENT
$62 50.
©KO^n SHOTWELL, NR. 22D: 9 ROOMS,
©U-SOl/. 2 baths; 32:6x122:6.
©£9^O FULTON, NEAR OCTAVIA: 3
«J!U.*jUv/ . flats and store; fir."income; 25x87:6.
cv Q9^A MISSION. NR. 30TH; HOUSE OF 5
<Tij£O\J. rooms; 27x92.
CM 1 OH EACH— 2IST, NR. SANCHEZ; 25x
♦S)I_LUU 114: fine view.
<£ 4 -200 CASTRO ADDITION: LAIDLEY.NB.
tJPOvfl/. Roanoke; *25xlOO: part cash.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY
C. H. REYNOLDS A CO.,
333 MONTGOMERY ST.
RICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINS.
$2000— Point Lobos avenue, splendid corner lot.
$1600— NW. cor. lot: 43d aye., north of Park.
250— Point Lobos-ave. business corner lot.
$5000— D st. : bu»inuss corner lot ; N. line Golden
Gate Park; near car terminus, Ocean Beach and
boulevard.
$8500— Broderlck Et.; desirable residence, near
Washtngiov su: convenient to car line.
$400— Wayne St.. B^rnal Heights; Gift Map lots
near Cortland »ye.: school and electric lights
276x140— Jefferson St., near Cortland, San Bruno
and Crescent ayes.
Houses and lots in all parts of th» city. Ware-
housea and business property Investments.
BARGAINS IN. WESTERN AUDITION
-» ' flats.
$4500-Orove St., 3 blocks from City Hall -
COD)* *4nO.
51 6 // i6O r Kles:ant flatB: Kddyst.: income $600
THIS iS a snap, income property"
X $20,000; rents $225 per month; $9000 mort-
gage can remain; will take $5000 cash; balance
In property or other securities. 8., box 9, this office.
ffjX DOWN, $5 PER MONTH; CITY LOTS~
O $100 up. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market!
£P USE: 9 ROOMS: CORNER. 41x
OOWUU. 88. Western Addition; easy terms.
Address Reverses, box 49, Call,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
CITT SEAL ESTATE.
A.H. LT6BAK. O. F. VOX BHKIS.
OF. YON BHEIN A CO., REAL ESTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street.
Corner Clay and Stockton; 69:8x38:9; Chinese
stores; rants $142 50.
Stockton, nr. Clay; 55:10x68:9: Chinese stores;
rents $45.
$15,000— Taylor, near Eddy; 25x80: 2 bay-win-
dow flats, 13 rooms and baths; rents $77 60.
$12,000— Page, near Goti^h, to Rose aye.: 27:6 x I
120: 2 flats in front and 2 In rear: rents $76.
$14.000— Howard, bet. Ist and 2d; 41:8x85; 2 I
houses: rents $45.'. " .
$5000— Leavenworth and Lombard: 40x97:6; j
new bay-window cottage, 8 rooms and bath; cash '
$1000: balance at purchaser's convenience.
$10,500— Francisco.near Stockton : 45 -.10x137 :6;
4 houses and 2 rear houses; 24 rooms: rents $82.
$10,COl»— Howard, near Ist; 25x85; inadequately
Improved: rent $40.
$10,000— Pine and Pierce: 24:6x87:6 fine resi- '
dence, 12 rooms and bath.
$8250— Hyde, near Sutter: 26x68:9; 2-story
house: 10 rooms and bath: rent $50.
$8000— Kissling, near 11th and Howard; 47x80; ;
4 flats. I
$8000— Howard, near 23d: 62:4x122:6; 2-story |
residence, 8 rooms and bath.
$8000— O'Farrell, near Hyde; 23x90; 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath; rent $36.
$8000— Jessie, near 4th; 25x70; 2-story house,
saloon, etc.
$6500— Mason, near Post; 18x55; 2-story house :
7 rooms and bath: rents $31 50.
Mission, near 24th; 21:6x117:6 to an
alley ; store and flat above. '
$6500— Corner Vallejo and Taylor; 82:6x67:6;
house, 12 rooms and bath.
$5600— Everett, near 3d: 3 bay-window flats, 17
rooms and baths; rents $50: 23:9x80.
$5350— Pacinc, near Hyde; 45x65; 2 flats.
$5000— Francisco st. and Worden place, near
Stockton; 25x65:6; -/-story house: butcher-shop
and 2 rooms, and upper flat, 6 rooms and bath;
rente $39.
$4200— Guerrero, near 21st; 28x92:6; cottage, 5
room* and bath.
$3300— Waller, near Steiner, through to Ger-
mania: 25x120; 2 flats on Gormania frontage:
rents $23.
$3250— 2 d aye., near Clement St.: 25x88:6; new
bay-window cottage: 5 rooms and bath; cash
$1100: balance easy terms.
Cottage— Larkin, near Chestnut; unobstructed
marine view; $1200 casn, balance same as rent;
27:6x110.
$3000— Francisco, near Stockton: 23x68:9; cot-
tage. 6 rooms and large basement.
$3000— Salmon, near Pacific; toHlmmel-
man place; front and rear house, 11 rooms; rents
$30.
| Natoma, near Ist; 23x75; 3 flats, IS
rooms; rents $32.
$2300 — Shipley, near Harrison aye., 7th and Fol-
»om; 20x75; 2-story bouse, 2 flats, 8 rooms; rents
$20.
$1750— Fairmount Tract: Arlington, near Mi-
guel: 28x108; $250 cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser: cottage, 4 rooms.
$1250— Salmon, near Broadway; 20x60; 2-story
house, 4 rooms; rent $8.
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 25th-st. railroad station; 61x
117:6 to an alley.
$5500— California, near Hyde; 27:6x137:6.
$3200— Liberty, near Dolores: 60x114.
$1675— 23 d and Kansas: 25x100.
$3200— Dolores, near 29th ; 60x75.
$1600— Stanyan, near Grattan; 26x80, increas-
ing to 110 depth.
$1200— Cor. B and 25th aye.: 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 25th; 60x250 through
to Ellen.
$1000— Homestead, near 24th; C0x125; will
subdivide.
$1000— Edith or Church place, near Dupont st. :
20x65 to rear street.
Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
$800— Park Lane Tract; 2 lots, block R, Serpen-
tine road.
BUY NOW
. IF YOU WANT
INCOME OR SPECULATION.
We have special bargains in all classes of prop-
erty in all parts of the city: send us your name
and address stating wants and we will send you a
list by mail. EASTON, ELDRIIKJE * CO.,
638 Market St.
HANDSOME HOME.
WASHINGTON ST., NEAR FILLMORE.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
Q QOOO A FINE RESIDENCE OF 8 ROOMS
O ( V""- and bath. in good condition; hana-
j Bomely decorated: on the north side of the street;
large lot 27:6x127:6.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
A SNAP.
i J\ DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
I PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT NET PER ANNUM.
IV)XA 6 FRENCH FLATS OF 4 AND 3
O * — *J\J . rooms each, near 4th and Brannan
I sts.: always rented: pay $648 per annum; recently
reduced from $5000.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.,
638 Market st.
ON JACKSON ST.
LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS,
CHOICK NEIGHBORHOOD.
QzIOOO COTTAGE ON jackson ST., BE-
t2^£\jyJ\J. tween Buchanan and Webster; the
lot is a bargain at the asking price; size 3x100;
street bituzuinized.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
638 Market st.
FINE INVESTMENT. ~ ~
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
MUST BE SOLD.
vB>f?HAA THREE MODERN FLATS OF 5,4
<pU"UU. and 3 rooms and bath in good condi-
tion on Webster street; flats about 6 years old
rents $600 per annum.
Lot 25x97:6; this property cost over $8000.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
A MODERN HOME
ii. IN THE MISSION WARM BELT
REDUCED FROM $4500.
GJO7XA A HANDSOME RESIDENCE OF
<J)O I Uu. 8 rooms and bath in good condition;
brick foundation, etc.
Lot 27 :6x125 a block and a half from Eighteenth
or Castro street cars.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
OTS OF LOTS. ' ~~
LOTS OF LOTS.
ALL BARGAINS.
FOR BUILDING OR SPECULATION.
%7000 JUST THE PLACE FOR STORE
tJP I \J\J\J . and flats: an elegant corner on O'Far-
rell st.. near Webster; 90 feet on
OFarrell.
QKKAA DOUBLE LOT ON NORTH SIDE
i£)O*J\J\J. of Page st., near Ashbury; 50x137:6;
a cnoice residence site.
©/I^AA NW. CORNER OF CHURCH AND
*S)^*J\J\J. Army sts.; 88x80. This Is a business
property.
CJOAAA TWENTY-FIFTH ST., NEARNOE,
is)O\J\J\J. north side of street; 80x114; will sub-
divide.
<£99nn F I^LMORE, NEAR FILBERT-
tJP_;_.Uv/. 25x100; street work accepted; elec-
tric cars pass the lot.
<£IQ7^ SACRAMENTO ST., NR. MAPLE-
«3)JLO lU. large lot, 27:6x71:8. Compare this
price with adjoining property.
S£l 900 FOUR CHOICE LOTS ON TWENTY-
«JP J--.VU. ninth aye.: nicely situated.
$90Jt^26l&0 _j__f H AYE NEAR M
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ft CO.,
638 Market st.
O'FARRELL & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND HOUSE
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
QQAAA TURK-ST. residence; SOLD
♦IDOUU'y. for absentee; make an offer; note size
27:6x120 to rear street ; both streets accepted; im-
provements rented for $.40 per month; by small
outlay could be made to yield a large return on in-
vestment; lot alone worthjthe money. 12
QOO A A O'FARRELL - ST. CORNER IN
<J)U<JW. Western Addition; splendid location
for a drugstore: improvements alone worth $2000*
should be converted into store: both streets ac-
cepted: see this property at once, as it is a sub-
stantial Investment. 6
CMXAA REDUCED FROM $6000; CALl-
tiP^t^v/V. fornia-su lot near Larkin; sunny side*
If you want a bargain here is a chance; if you will
see the lot you will buy i:. 23
<3»er;nn PROBATE BA LK: 3 HOUSES ON
•iSU»)UV/. lot 50 feet front by 80 deep; a short
walk from Market and 4th sts.;^pays 10 per cent. 17
ONLY $1600; NEAR LEAVKNWORTH AND
Pacific; 2-story house 7 rooms: suitable for 1
or 2 families; street accepted ; worth $2000. 7
Q> Q A A RENTS S4O PER MONTH 4 FLATS
i<pOO\J\J. near Valencia and 18th; streets ac-
cepted. 11
T A RKIN-ST. CORNER; 68x100 FEET; SOLD
-Lj for . absentee; worth $18,000; offered for
• 14,000 to make immediate sale. 14
THE CHEAPEST YET: 2 LOTS NEAR MAR-
-L ket and 17th: worth $1600 each; sacrificed for
$1200 to effect Immediate sale. 13
fijXAAA POLK-ST. RESIDENCE 8 ROOMS
HDU\J\J\J. and bath; cost : $6500 a short time
ago; an immediate offer wanted. 18
$350 TO $525 EACH.
HAVE YOU SEEN O'FARRELL <fc CO. 'B
MOST POPULAR SUBDIVISION?
150 satisfied purchasers since the sale com-
menced.
Will you make it 151? %-.
Beautiful little cottages springing np all over the
tract.
Remember there are but 12 lots left.
That they are level.
That the street work is done.
That they are all less than a block from Mission
st. and the electric cars. -
That they are sold on $10 monthly payments.
That we have a branch office on the property
and our representative, UEO. A. TURNER, will be
there daily from 10 to 12 and all day Sunday until
the lots are sold.
Take Mission-st. electric cars, get off at Cotter
st. or China aye. and you are on the property
O'FARRELL A CO.,
11 Montgomery st.
Fro BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE REAL ES-
-Mate and business of every description. A. J
PROPER & CO., real estate, 626 Mrkt, downstairs.
CITY REAL ESTATE .
g^-g-^KT ~~~ . „
D GROUND RENT. \
A large piece of unimproved property in a grow-
ing location can be leased for 6 years on a 6 per
cent basis, and everything points to a big advance
In value; price $6500.
<2>/lKfifi RENT $480 PER YEAR; A GOOD
»E)tr.«Jvv/. Investment; Stevenson st., close to
junction of Market and Valencia; 2 nice flats;
always rented. ____
<Ui^nnn A GOOD BUSINESS CORNER;
«J{)DUUU. 60x100; McAllister and Lyon sts-
-4£ CAfi A EACH-2 HOUSES ON CASTRO
«J)«JUwV7 st., near 20th: 8 rooms and bath each;
rent $37 50; lot 25x126.
QJQKAA RENT $384 PER ANNUM: MO R-
*g)OO\JVJ. ris aye., nr. Harrison st.; 2 flats; a
good investment.
Oil Q f\fi(\ GOLDEN GATE AYE.; FLATS;
«lr±O.'J\J«J. not far from Devisadero St.; 4 fine
flats; rented for $100 a month; lot 50x100.
<29fi AHA Rent $2100 PER YEAR;
tip ,UUU . Leavenworth st.; corner invest-
ment: 6 new flats; lot 49x90; cable-cars pass
property.
ffl>ft7CA OAK ST., NEAR BUCHANAN;
<4?U • *J\J. good 2-story building; 2 flats of 5 and
6 rooms, bath, etc., each; lot 27:6x80; rent $600
per year.
<JJ»I Of\f\ NEAT NEW4-ROOMAND BATH
nT-LUvU. cottage on lot with double frontage;
both streets graded, macadamized and sewered;
can be had on very easy monthly payments.
£F;nn WASHINGTON ST., NEAR
<tjp\JtJ\J\J. Powell; 2-story and basement resi-
dence, 8 rooms and bath; also 4 rear tenements, 4
rooms each ; 25x137 :6 ; rent $720 per year.
SOME CHEAP LOTS.
©1 A(\C\ POINT LOBOS AYE., NEAR
tlpX'lUU. Ninth; 26x100; on grade.
®9fl^fi MAKE AN OFFER; K. SIDE OF
\JO\J. Grove st., bet. Baker and Lyon;
sunny; lot 25x100.
©OCAA VERY CHEAP; N. SIDE OF FELL
tID^UUv/. St., near Broderick ; lot 25x137:6.
<£1 AAA N. SIDE TURK ST., NEAR WIL-
«S>±UUU. lard; 25x125.
(C/iinfi MAKE AN OFFER; PAGE ST.,
«IP"iIUV/. near Devisadero; 37:6x82:6; street
accepted : a good place for fiats.
<£Q^fin GOLDEN GATE AYE., NEAR DE-
*3>oo\J\J, visaderost.; lot 25x137:6; must be
sold. '
©CnCASH, $10 MONTHLY; FINE LOTS;
«Ir«'v/ sunny side of California st., bet. Second
and Third ayes. ; price $1100 and upward.
Call at our office for complete printed list of
property for sale in all parts of the city.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
_^ 10 Montgomery st.
HAVE YOU A CATALOGUE ? ?
For the greatest real estate auction ever held
on the coast ! !
By order of the Pacific Improvement Company,
we will sell in our salesroom, 10 Montgomery st.,
at 12 o'clock, noon, on
THURSDAY.
JANUARY 23,
The following centrally located land, on terms of
1,4 cash, balance in 1, 2 and 3 years:
70 Income and Investment Lots,
FRONTING ON MARKET ST.
" Valencia st.
41 Mission st.
" Stevenson st.
" Brady st.
" Twelfth su
11 BUSINESS AND FACTORY LOTS,
FRONTING ON Valencia st.
" Fifteenth st.
" Albion aye.
5 HOME LOTS,
Fronting on Waller st., near Stanyan.
1 GRAND NW. CORNER,
17th and Castro sts.
Nearly all of above pay a ground rent.
everything to go
at auction next thursday.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Mont, ornery st.
A NEW BLOCK; ~™ "
JUST SUBDIVIDED,
BOUNDED BY 10TH AND 11TH AYES»
X AND O sis.:
SOUTH OF THE PARK;
Prices, $360 for corners. 32:6x100;
Inside lots. 9'-5x120, $275 each;
Terms, $25 cash, $10 monthly.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
/"I REAT BARGAIN IN RICHMOND LOLS.
VT$375 and upward; only $50 cash, balance
monthly: splendid level lot on Clement st..
Point Lobos and 25th ayes.; Sutro electric-cars
will be running soon on Clement st.; a splendid
opportunity to make money.
Selling fast; only a few left.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
M. SPECK A CO., 602 MARKET ST.
. M. SPECK A CO.. 602 MARKET ST.
Insurance collections, safe deposit facilities
and finest auction-room in the city.
9100,000 to loan in sums to suit.
HOMES! FLATS! STORES!
10 houses to be sold to satisfy
mortgages. Terms, $200 down.
Every one offered worth double our
price.
$2000—2 flats downtown; rent $18;
a snap.
$3000—2 new flats; rent $30; on car
line.
$5600—2 stores and flats; rents $46;
car line.
5000— 8 rooms', elegant residence;
Butter St., nr. Franklin.
$6750—3 elegant flats near Halght
and Flllmore: rents $61: lot 25x110.
$8000—3 flats on Bush, near Jones;
rents $70.
$95.000— Business property; 3 front-
ages: rents $800: lot 80x120 feet.
$12,000— Elegantcorner; 6 flats; rents
$116; two car lines; all rented.
$10,000— Business property on Steuart
street, near Market.
$70.000— 70x100; within a
few blocks of Baldwin; rents $6000;
worth $100,000: offer wanted at once.
$110,000— Business property on Mar-
ket st.: 2 frontages; offer wanted: lot
160x165.
$17,000— Stores and flats; lot 40x90
feet: rents $140: on Larkin st.
$90,000— Business property; nr. Ex-
aminer: lot 55x137.
TOHN>*OR~R, 329 MONTGOMERY BT., OPP.
i) Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
$300— Noe St., near 30th : lot 36:6x76.
$3500— Fine corner lot 70x110, cor. I st. and 10th
aye., c.t side entrance to park.
$7000— Rent $60; J-'olsom St., near Bth; 3 story,
store, and 10 rooms and bath upstairs; lot 28x10;
feet.
$6800— Rent $85: lot 46:6x62:6; Jackson St.,
near Mason, with 2 houses of 11 rooms each; al-
ways rented.
$50,000— Taylor St., near Market; 45x137:6;
2 stores below and 2 apartments of 9 rooms each
upstairs; always rented.
$27,500-137 in the neighborhood of 4th
and Market sis.; covered with old Improve-
ments; will be manufacturing property.
Reduced to $30,500— Northwest corner Mission
: and 17th sts.; lot 65x100 feet, with improvements;
2-story : 3 stores. 3 flats and 2 cottages; rent $200.
$12.500— Valencia St., south of 16th; 2-story bay-
window house, store and dwelling back and com-
modious flat 7 rooms and bath upstairs; lot 30x83
feet: always rented: make offer.
$3000— 7 th st., near Bran nan; lot 25x76, with
improvements; renting at $30.
DWELLINGS.
$7250— Modern built 2-story house on Fulton st.,
near Fillmors; 9 rooms and bath: lot 27:6x136.
$3100— A fine cottage, » rooms and bath, on 19th
St., near Castro; on installments without interest.
UNIMPROVED.
$550— 15 th aye., bet. C and D sts.; 25x120.
Corner Fillmore and dermania sts.; 24x81 "3.
93600— L0t 75x100 feet; cor. 19th and Eure«a
streets; make offer.
SOL GETZ <fe BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
PRICES ARE DOWN TO BOTTOM.
Now is the time to buy bargains in lots.
<2» 7 TO $300 FOR SPLENDID LOTS NEAR
<P I U the park and Grand Boulevard ; $10 down
and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ & BRO. .
CjOAA $400, $450, $500 TO $1100; CHOICEST
tJpUUV/. lots north and south of the park, ready
to build on, from Ist aye. to 20th aye. and Point
Lobos, Clement, California and Lake sts. in Rich-
mond, and near Affiliated Colleges: opposite con-
cert valley and Strawberry Hill lake on the south;
terms to suit purchaser. SOL GETZ A BRO. '
"flfcYnn TO $250: BUILDING LOTS NEAR
tiT lvv Mlsslon-st. and electric car lines- only
$10 down and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ «fc BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS. ~~
SOL GETZ & BRO., Owners,
Room A, first floor, Crocker building.
<2» 1 WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS. •
wL $100- Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap.
*175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 26x100: $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weekly: macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150— Lot 24x100: $1 weekly.
OH AS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market at., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley.
ss;9fifi IF SOLD TO-DAY; THIS LOT IS
fjp^d\j\j worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash or installments; title insurance; see
owner at once. 9 Powell St., room S.
OUSES £UIX,TSISO TO $275 A ROOM, CALL
and examine p lan* 1119 Mission st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO., ~™ ~~
428 MONTGOMERY ST.
AN EXTRA CHOICE '
LIST.
INCOME BUSINESS PROPERTIES.
. . GILT-EDGED BUSINESS CORNER.
<S£P;Q (\f\Ci rents $401 PER month;
<jpOO.UUU. FIXE IMPROVEMENTS;
Large corner; 70x70: same tenants for years;
never vacant; dose to Kearny and Bush sts,;
reduced from $66,000.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER,
ffl»9£ f\f\f\ RENTS $176 PER MONTH;
*IP+j\J.\J\J\J. Fulton at., close to Market; never
vacant; both streets accepted; fine brick cel-
lar under entire building; mortgaged for
$11,500; lot 50x75.
EXTRA FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
QIKQ7X RENTSSI2O PER MONTH; BTH
«Jp±«J.»J 10. St., near Mission and Market:
buildine cost $13,000; a rare chance; close to
postomce site.
fSSt CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
©"lCKfifi RENTS $140 PER MONTH:
tJJjXO.OUU. Larkin st.; large 10t,41x87:6; fine
Improvements; never vacant.
CHOICE NEW FLATS.
fltfil Kn R ENTS $50 PER MONTH; 15TH
«JpUIL»U, st.. near Market.
(B»£7KA ELEGANT RESIDENCE;
<pU I O\J. COST $10,000 NEW;
Residence of 9 rooms; tine stable; location,
entrance of Golden Gate Park; terms about
same as paying rent, if desired.
BURNHAM A MARSH CO.,
428 Montgomery st.
A T
AUCTION.
PROBATE SALE.
Subject to the approval of the Superior
Court, the property known as
NOS. 617 TO 63iy a STEVENSON ST.,
will be sold at public auction, In our
office, at 12 o'clock, noon, on the 23d of
January, 1896.
LOT 15 6x75. .-« v
Good Improvements; all rented, and
bringing in an Income of 9292 per
month. Call for a diagram.
BALDWIN &
HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
ONEY -~~~
loaned on REAL ESTATE
at LOWEST MARKET
RATES.
BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED at
short NOTICE by the
CALIFORNIA
title INSURANCE AND trust company.
OFFICE— MILLS BUILDING.
l. R. ELLERT, manager.
Tv" anted— for CASH. LOW-PRICED home-
"» stead or park lot. Address proposition to S.,
box 39, Call Office. * '
FOR SALE. ~
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
4 MONTGOMERY ST.
LARGE LOTS, $400 TO $1250.
Park aye., facing Buena Vista Park; 25x122:6,
81200 each: 26:6x135, $1250 each: fine view;
Park aye. macadamized; lots level.
TILDE LOTS.
25x125, $400 each : near 15th and Castro sts.
SK. cor. 16th and Flint sts,, just above Castro;
50x58:6. $900, fine view; or 68:6x90, $1550: or
corner 58:6x165.
Tllden st.: 38 feet front; just above Castro, bet.
16th and 16th; $800.
C. BEMIS. — .
CC. BEMIS.
• REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$7200 rent a year — Brick building; business
property on Market st.
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th are.; as a
whole or In subdivisions.
$11,000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker at.; 55x
137:6 feet.
$2600— E. Bid* of stanyan St., bet. Carl and
I Frederick; 25x100 feet.
[ $450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
r $6700— 50x127:8 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park; 25x137:6 feet ; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison at.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$400— Lot on Duncan St., bet. >oe and Castro: 26
xll4 feet.
$6500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north Of park.
TAKE VI W LOT NEAR NEW RACE-
J track; low prices; easy terms. THE McCAR-
THY CO.. 646Marketst.
CL.AIKVOYAXTt». ~~~
EST"cLAIItv6YANT~ON EARTH; LADIES
and gents 25c. 206 Fourth Bt.
MA DAM PORTER, CARD-READER; TELLS
• the past, present and future; ladies 60c, gents
SI; palmistry, clairvoyant: sittings $150. 126
Turk at., near Jones.
ME. i)K. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; telU entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing except ed; names given: good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake lm-
possibJe; tee $1: letter *2. 929 Post St., nr. Larkin.
AUGUSTA LEOLA. FORTUNE TELLER:
magic charms. love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband: teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc. ; has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
MISS MELVINA; CLAIRVOYANT; TRUE
lX picture of future husband or wife. 766 How-
ard st.
PROF. LEON, RENOWNED PALMIST. CLAlR-
voyant; has no equal: gives valuable advice:
convinces if others fail. 533 Post, 9 to 8: aUo-Sund.
ME. RAVEN A SITS DAILY; SURE TIPS
on races; names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
MME. STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
-L'l great clairvoj aut nnd card-reader; seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned to
her old rooms in >an Francisco; ladles and gents
50c 917 Market St., parlors 3 and 4.
TARLIOHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM.
O the cradle to the grave. Parlor 5. 865^ Market.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
SPIRITUALISM. — —
A WONDERFUL GIFT POSSESSED ALONE
by MRS. L.R. A. D. HOWE,
The Queen of All spiritual Healers.
Brings Love, Luck and Health.
Miraculous Power Over Disease.
Avoid being taken in by so-called mediums, who
being too ignorant to write for themselves, are now
copying Mrs. Dr. A. D. Howe's old advertisements
The public is well aware that the world has never
seen the equal of this marvelous woman, and,
whilst these mushroom imitators are continually
springing up and attempting to impose on the peo-
ple, every one should be certain to see that no such
fraudulent deception is practiced on them by these
inferior impostors,
-Mrs. Dr. A. D. Howe is the best known as well
as the most successful medium of whom there is
! any record, tor she has accomplished more good,
; made more people happy and healed more sick per-
I sons than any one in the universe. She never
! fails. Reveals your entire life and gives you in-
valuable advice in everything— love, speculation
and business affairs included. Are you unsuccess-
ful in business? Are you unlucky? Is your hus-
band, your wife or your lover untrue? Or are you
sick? If so consnlt this Queen Medium of the' P-
acific coast immediately. The poor are made rich;
the sick are made strong; the unhappy find com-
fort; the separated are brought together; and. in-
deed, all who come to or who write to her find love,
luck, health and happiness.
Mrs. Dr. A. D. Howe's "Revealed Medicines"
(registered and copyrighted) cure all diseases on
earth— consumption, paralysis, rheumatism, skin
diseases, heart disease, all nervous and private
troubles, female complaints and luck of vitality in-
cluded. Her advertisements have not appeared in
I this column for some months, because she has
I been very busy at her elegant residence, 1061
| Seventh avenue, East Oakland, where her offices
I and consultation rooms also are, but every week
there appear elsewhere in this paper full state-
ments of some of the many wonderful cures
which she has made and Is continuing to make.
Come and consult her at once, but if you can't call,
write about your troubles. Thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having seen her, for con-
sultation and treatment by mail are always most
successful.
! Take the broad-gau?e ferry and the Oakland
j broad-gauge local train to Clinton Station (two
I stations beyond Broadway), which is only three
i blocks from her — 1061 Seventh avenue, East
i Oakland. All communications treated as sacredly
confidential. ■ .
"DETURNED — MRS. ST. KKBNEN, THE
XL giftest trance medium; can be consulted on
business, etc. . 321 Turk at. -
R. WOOD, CELEBRATJED INDEPENDENT
slate writer and trance medium. 097 Ellis st.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
ASTROLOGY.
AST AND FUTURE REVEALED; WRlT-
ten prophecy: send date of birth and 10c. PRO-
FESSOR IV. MONROE, astrologer, 1129 Howard.
TO EXCHANGE.
OiTsaLel>R~3oXC HANG E^riVE^OTS~iN
Mission, for rooming-house or business; also
house and lot in Oakland. . Apply 111 Liberty st.
TriXCHANGELODGING-HOUSE for LARGER
Xv house or real estate. H., box 71. Call. -.": r -
SEWING MACHINES. ~
■pENTEF9I 50 MONTHLY; SECOND-HAND
XV machines from $3 upward • ; Domestic, New
Home, White, Singer at half-price. 145 Sixth st.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
-
COLNTRT KKA- ESTATii.
Q'FAKRELL & CO.,
DAVID BUSH, COUNTRY DEPARTMENT
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
SKRnnn A bargain— l3s ACRES on
VPU\J\J\J. Howell Mountain, adjoining Anguins
Hotel; postothce within 5 minutes' walk; 60 acres
in full bearing choice variety of wine grapes, Zin-
fandel, Mat-iro and Riesling; 4 acres in orchard,
prunes, peaches, pears, etc. good house of 6 room?,
barn, -etc.; balance of land pasture and timber;
well watered; water piped from springs; the land
in cultivation is all levei soil, cannot be surpassed
In the State; no phylloxera in this vineyard; one
of the most healthful and delightful places in
Napa County; an offer of $20 per ton has been
made for the grapes on this place for the year
1896: part cash, or will exchange for unincum-
bered San Francisco, Oakland or Berkeley prop-
erty.
©"I A PER ACRE— I44O ACRES ADJOINING
1 - Jasmin railroad station, Kern County, 6
miles east of Delano, with house, barn, etc.; splen-
did water: land is all first-class, no alkali, and Is
adapted for any cultivation; will exchange equity
in this laud for unincumbered property here, Oak-
land or Alameda.
©OH PER ACRE— 334 ACRES NEAR LIVER-
tV>« more; 90 acres now in Chevalier barley :
100 acres now being sown to wheat; balance fine
pasture: nicely timbered with oak timber: plenty
of water; 2 farmhouses, new barn, granary, Wack-
Bmnn-shop, mllichouse, carriage-hou*e: this would
mane a flue stock or dairy ranch; 300 acres of thi3
place could be cultivated; this is a great bargain,
and easy terms will be granted.
<U»£A PER ACRE: GLEN COVE RANCH: 25
?F,. miles from San Francisco. 2i a miles from
v allejo and opposite Port Costa: 420 acres with %
of a mile frontage on tidewater, with wharf and
warehouse; 30 acres in fruit and vineyard; spring
water; windmill for irrigating; kitchen and flower-
garden, elegant modern house of 14 rooms, with
wineroom, dairy and servants' quarters; stables.
snedsand outhouses; sheep and poultry pen; ail
handsomely fenced and all farm land; now rent-
ing for a cash rental of $800 per annum; this is
one of the handsomest places on the Straits of
Carqnlnez, and Is a great bargain at the price
asked; easy terms will be granted.
We have some tine income-producing properties
that the owners would exchange for San Francisco,
Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley property, and now
is the time for people to make investments.
Hotel proposition— A fine paying hotel in Oak-
land; will exchange for San Francisco property;
call for particulars. ;*■ : . .
QNLY *200 CASH
Secures 10-acre orchard home
in Santa Clara Valley,
between San Jose and Stanford
University. Deep, rich sediment
soil. The place you want a
home; will produce $2000 annually
when trees are in bearing.
Right on the railroad;
close to station.
Investigation costs you nothing;
send for catalogue.
WOOSTER & WHITTON,
7 West Santa Clara st., san Jose, Cal.
"I O-ACRE BEAUTIFUL FRUIT HOME IX THE
X*. famous early fruit belt of Vacaville with nice
cottage and barn; all needed tools, etc.; SOO fruit
trees all in full bearing; offered at a terrible low
price to make quick sale.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
ASHURST COLONY]
-c_ At Ashurst you have an opportunity to pro-
cure a home that will be self-sustaining, attractive
and profitable, and on terms better than have ever
before been offered. We have our own homes in
this colony and are determined to surround our-
selves with neighbors who wish at once to have
schools and churches and reading-rooms in our very
midst. We have every facility for a grand devel-
opment. We make it possible for all who are en-
terprisln.g thrifty and industrious to make with us
homes Of comfort and abundance. Address
ASHURST COLONY,
: _ Room 10, Mills Building. S. F.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
$15 per acre; one of the best stock, grain and
fruit farms in Xapa County: 600 acres; 8 acres
orchard and vineyard; 200 acres in grain last year:
balance pasture; numerous springs on the place;
house 7 rooms, barns and outbuildings. For fur-
ther particulars see P. H. JORDAN _ CO., 16
Post st., S. F.
CHANCE TO GET A GOOD COUNTRY
home for $600; cash. Write at once for full
particulars to J. A. MAXSADEL, box 2, Soledad,
Monterey Co., Cal. Must sell on account of family
matters.
<5197^A A FINE PAYING HOME RANCH
<©._ I O\J. of 24 acres: near Santa Rosa; 3000
crime trees; family orchard; modern 5-room
house; rood outbuildings: sacrificed. LEE _
KISER, 308 Montgomery st.
ffijO^AA 10 ACRES 25 MILES FROM SAN
<IT O\J\J\J. Francisco, near Walnut Creek; 4
acres in choice fruit; 5-room modern house and
good outbuildings; fine surroundings; a good in-
come property ; easy terms. LEE _ KISER, 306
Montgomery st.
L'OK SALE— I6O ACRES GRAIN LAND NEAR
X Livermore; 10 acres In wine grapes: price
$8000. Address L., box 10, this office.
ESPARTO TOWN AXD COLOXY: ONLY 3 OR
4 hours from the bay: the most equable climate
of Central California, and the neighborhood of the
next great development of electric power; equal to
Folsom; a part of the "Rancho Canada de Capay
Grant": unquestionably the earliest and finest
fruit oelt on the coast and superior to any for di-
versified farming; about 600 acres, in 20-acre
farms, surrounding the town; town already con-
tains large brick blocks, a fine hotel, a fine high-
school building, water works, artesian, pure and
soft: desired a purchaser or purchasers to take the
whole interest of present owners in the colony lots
and town property, in lump or otherwise, at shock-
ingly low figures; it won't cost much to examine;
is an irrigation canal on the bind. Apply to GEO.
D. FISKE _ CO., WoodlandTcal.
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY. ~"
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CA_
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 6 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
Stocston and _ercea. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. The property is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for me orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land. including a perpetual water right
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land with fully paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress
KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., • "i
638 Market Street.
San Francisco, CaL
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative,
Oakdale, CaL
FOR SALE OR TRADE- 160-ACRE GRAIN
ranch: all fenced comfortable buildings: near
Tipton.Tulare County: price $0000. PHILBRICK
_ CO.. 2548 Folsom, near Twenty-second.
"\IARIX COUXTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
li-L from San Francisco.
Rancbo de Xovato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES OX 10
years' credit. D. H. TWIXG. Sonoma City.Cai.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOOSTER & WH ITTON. San Jose.
_OX_Y TO Ul.ii>. ■ ~
tRECT FROM US ON YOUr'fURNITURE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted.
Private office room 68, Donolioe building, 1170
Market st. .
TjURST AND SECOND MORTGAGES: INTER-
_ ests in estates; lowest rates; no delay. M.UR-
PHY, 628 Market st. '
BORROW~M~ON~EY ON YOUR PIANO WITH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
low interest; perfect secrecy; private entrance;
private rooms. UXCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant avenue
VTONEY TO LOAN OX MORTGAGES OR COL-
iIA laterals. JAMES E. DAMON. 303 Monies .
MONEY LOANED. 6% PER CENT ON MORT-
gages. A. F. JOB v- _ CO., 632 Market st.
WHY PAY *5 OX THE HUNDRED COM-
mlßsion to the broker when you can get the
same direct from the loaner without it and with-
out charge for making out papers on your pianos
and furniture of private families, which furniture
is now under the new law mortgageable; lowest in-
terest without removal: any amount from $100 to
$5000. 418 Ellis St.. room ' 22.
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
■i-i mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval In the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
LOANS-FIRST AND SECOXD MORTGAGES;
city or country; furniture and pianos: business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
ADVANCES A J WELRY, ETC
Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
ANY AMOUNT :• IST, '/Dor 3D MORTGAGES;
-£i- estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN, M Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
MORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR.
rants. SALOMON & CO., 828 Montgmry.r.2l4,
MONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market »t..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
PAWXBEOKEKS.
T^l26 KEARNY" "stC^ROOM i^MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates : pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
FINANCIAL. ~ "~~~~
mo SAVINGS BANK depositorsTw\a3?ted
1 —$2500 on gilt-edge security for one or more
years; will pay 6 per cent. Address F., box 58,
this office.
OAKS OX IST AND 2D MORTGAGES AND
llfQ Insurance policies: low rate of interest-
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery s-.
NT SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED OX
your furniture, pianos or real estate: lowest
rat*; call and state your proposition or write: open
•renini* J. NOONAN, 1021 Mission au
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL ESTATE.
QQAA HERE'S A CHANCE FOB A HOME:
fJpVKJyJ. a 7-room cottage close to station and
short walk to business center: this is a snap. W.
i K. BARXAXD _ SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
pORKER LOT FRONTING OX A STREET
\J macadamized, sewered and sldewaiked, $20 a
foot: good neighborhood. W. E. BARXAXD _
SOX, 458 Xinth St., Oakland.
p OOD INVESTMENT— LOT 100x133:6: MAG-
VJ" nolla st.: macadamized and sewered; $12 50
per foot if taken immediately. MARSHALL, 1118
Broadway.
WANTED - SMALL RANCHES TO EX-
• •i change for Oakland property; specialty band-
'< ling country property; good lo<lying-lio'.ises to ex-
; chHnge. P. \V. ANDERSON', 28 San Pablo aye.
HERE'S A SNAP, OWNER MUST SELL;
modern 5-room cottaee; large stable; lot
5O.tlOO; central location: Eighteenth st. near
: Brush; pays income of $300 per year: price only
$3000; cost $4000: this must be taken quick.
i W. E. BARNARD A SOX, 458 Xinth st, Oakland.
RETIRING MERCHANT WISHES TO TRADE
J-t his grocery business for a 25-acre ranch, near
Haywards or San Leandro. For full particnlars
address box 4, Call Office, Oakland.
Qr.AAA buys A 2-story house ON sux-
<£)*J\J\J\J ny side of street; 8 large rooms: 3
mantels; lot 32x101; close to cars, churches and
i schools and short walk to business centers. W. E.
BARNARD A SOX, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
MEW COLONIAL HOUSE; BATH, LAUX-
-»-* dry, electric bells: every convenience; near
local station; best neighborhood; $4000; easy
terms; see it. J. H. MACDOXAXD _ CO., 470
Ninth St., Oakland.
j Q COTTAGES OP 6 ROOMS; ALL MODERN ;
! *-> large lots; situated on Fruitvale aye.; price
! $6000; exchange for ranch; will assume mort-
; gage; also other property for exchange. Address
P. KELLY, Real Estate Exchange, 459 Ninth su.
Oakland.
Q_nfin FOR exchange-* room cot.
*Zp~±\J\J\J . tage and basement; lot 75x120; in
south West Berkeley: value &2500 clear, and
$1500 cash for good central Oakland property. W
I. ROBINSON, 469 Ninth St., Oakland.
Cj> C PER ACRE— FINEST STOCK RANCH
«IP«J In Sonoma County; 2500 acres; elegant fruit
or grain land: 10 miles from Santa Rosa. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
SAN JOAQUIN COUNTY— 46O ACRES ON
the Stanislaus: all fenced and cultivated; finest
in State; wants Oakland property: this is clear.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
8 ACRES, HAY WAR DS— ~s 1 500; HALF IN
fruit. C.K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
Q. ({ o n BEAUTIFULLY LOCATED RESI-
*3)\J\J\JV. r.ence, Alameda: lot 40x124; all
nicely furnished; any reasonable offer.
Large list of choice residences ana cottages for
sale in Oakland, Berkeley, Alameda, Frultvaleand
Piedmont; acre tracts and ranches, send for cata-
! logue or see E. E. BUXCE, 1008 Broadway, Oak-
land.
AYE A HOME BUILT OX YOUR OWN
plans; Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda: easy
terms; want to exchange choice orange lands for
vacant lots; land free and clear: will assume some
! mortgage, CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
ng, Oakland.
i Cf'fian BEAUTIFULLY LOCATE-D RESI-
; t£)\J\J\Jyj. dence, Alameda: lot 40x124; all
I nicely furnished; any reasonable offer.
Larg^ list of choice residences and cottages for
j sale in Oakland, Berkeley, Alameda, Fruitvale and
Piedmont; acre tracts and ranches. Send for cata-
logue or see E. E. BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
OOD HOME 160 ACRES; HOUSE, OR-
chard, vineyard, fine fruit land: excellent
water: for $6 per acre; small Dayments; easy in-
, stallments. Address WARNER _ CO., 465 Ninth
St., Oakland.
T7OR SALE— MODERN HOUSE 8 ROOMS IX
— the most beautiful part of Oakland; lot 60x
100: Improvements everything desirable for good
| home. C. W. GROSS. 1334 Kirkham st.
i Q1 A A LOTS AT FRUITVALE STATION;
: I \J\J . come to-day. LODGE & POWELL.
LARGE LIST OF CHOICE CITY AND COUX-
try property for sale and exchange. See K. E.
j BUXCE, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
i fljOA MONTHLY FOR fi-KOOM COTTAGES;
t££j\J plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gate sta:n.
¥T7n LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
'• <3D — O\J. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
i and $1 a week; selling fast: good improvements.
| H. B. PIXXEY. owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
A— AMKDA REAL ESTATE.
U s^2^s^"MOST_l/Y:"5
; O_ — \J\J. rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
i tage.
$2400— cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
| cottage.
$3000— 560 cash; $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath; handsome new cottage.
$3250— 5200 cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
■ gant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
! $3500— cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
i handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath.
! MAKCUSE & REMMEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
j meda, and 628 Market St., San Francisco.
SEVEN-ROOMED COTTAGE FOR SALE—
All modern improvements. 1901 Buena Vista
] aye.. corner Lafayette, Alameda.
Oil AA DOWN ELEGANT NEW 5-ROOM
: tIP-LUv/ modern cottage in center of city, close to
I school and station; lot 35x150; price $2250. For
' immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park St., Alameda.
SANTA COUNTY.
i real kstatjs.
F"~infT?roperty^ ~~
■ for sale at low prices.
James a. CLAYTON & CO..
LAND agents, SAX JOSE.
i profitable orchard ADJOINING the
■ -L city of San Jose; 40 acres: soil 20 feet; 10 acres
j prunes, this year's crop sold for $2500; 10 acres
peaches, this year's crop was heavy, 45 tons from.
! 3 3-7 acres, trees 30 feet apart; 10" acres fine apri-
! cot orchard that yield heavy; balance in cherry
| trees; price $32,500.
j 1 A 7 ACRES VALLEY LAND SOUTH OF SAN
j l"l Jose; good land; orchards adjoining; bouse
5 rooms, barns, etc.: scattering oak trees: there i<t
an orchard of about 12 acres in bearing; this prop-
erty is finely located; convenient to railroad sta-
i tion and school; price $125 per acre: no objection
I to taking San Francisco property in trade if same
Is improved and unir.cumbered.
1 f\C\ ACRES IN FOOTHILLS, NEAR CON-
-IUU gress Springs: 13 miles from San Jose; 100
i acres nearly level about 12 acres fruit trees, apri-
! cots and prunes, 1 and 4 years ola : about 20 acres
j grupos; the soil is good; small house and barn;
j good springs; this property belongs to savings
| bank; anxious to sell: will give 5 years' time, easy
i payments and need price; $4000.
j 5 ACRES ADJOINING THE CITY OF SAN
I O Jose; frontage on 3 roads: house 5 rooms, barn,
etc.; flowing well; choice land: $4000.
8 ACRES 3 MILES FKOM SAX JOSE; LEVEL
land; one-quarter mile from car line; $150 per
acre.
I "I C 5 ACRES LEVEL LAND, 8 MILES FROM
j JlOs. San Jose; cheap; terms half cash; $1675.
5 ACRES ON MCLAUGHLIN AYE., NEAR
0 the city: $1275.
£>Qjr ACRES, 5 MILES FROM MILPTTAS, 12
UOJ miles from San Jose: hill land; 300 acres
i cultivated for hay and grain. 14 acres old orchard;
' ranch is well watered; large springs: house 8
' rooms; large barn: price $25 per acre.
; OA ACRES ORCHARD IN FULL BEARING;
— Vs prunes 18 acres, apricots 2 acres: near the
| city; 1,000.
ORCHARDS NEAR SAN JOSE ARE THE
most productive ip the State.
1 ACRE IMPROVED, NKAR SAN JOSE;
X convenient to electric car line; house 6 rooms:
i good well : $1700.
WE HAVE THE FINEST ROADS AND
ii schools; Santa Clara Valley is the place to live.
: JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO., Land Agents,
Established over 25 year.?.
| It; West Santa Clara st., San Jose.
j OAKTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
£2 East Santa Clara st., Ban Jose. Cal.
———_-—__ _
dentists!
I DR. GEORGE W. LKEK.~ THb'^EXulxe"
I XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of naiulc«( extraction
: and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
, without any plate, moved from 6"to 20 o'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 50c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up; 13 rears'
experience. R. L. WALaH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
SET OF TKETH WITHOUT A PLATE.
DR. 11. G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
! BR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARXY — BRIDGE-
j XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DM. L. T. EXTRACTION PAINLESS.
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
I plates : ' specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grunt aye.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION*, 759 MA
ker, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
-1 able agent for painless extraction: artificial" teeth
, frmss; tlllingsfrm $1; extracting 50c. with gas $1.
; A SET FOrTteeTH; WARRANTED AS
tip I good as can be made: filling $1. DR. SIMMs,
dentist, 930 Market. St., next Baldwin Theater.
DX. LUDLUM HII_, 1443 MARKET ST."
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 5()c : gas given.
pOLTOX DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 808 mar.
V tot st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
* LL WORK REASONABLE AND wTaT
./A. ranted. PP.. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market St. *
j Additional Classified Adrtisevc-
| ments on Page 12.
1112
BUSINESS CHANCE*. ____^,
SALOON DOING GOOD BUSINESS IN
1 connection with lodging-house of 10 elegantly
furnished rooms: splendid location; mast be sold. I
BE I ' >v CO., 13Vi Sixth St. ' j
AliF-I NT KRES-FTn" A FIRST-CLASS SA-
loon: doing good business splendid location;
Bictness cause of sale. RKIDY .v v <> isy^ Sixth.
Cr 1 • III! BavKERY
tl?l«,'UU. -I AND COFFEE SALOON !
Large oven i
Offer wanted. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
}! SALOON FOB -vALE; LOCA-
tion; trade; lease. Add. C. H., box 119, Call.
KBTI RING FROM BUSINESS; SALOON FOR
sale. For particulars apply to M. BY AN, 531/3 j
Park live., opposite City Hall.
Vr* IP AB-STORE : FOR SALE. CALL 915 j MAR-
K.J ket st.
■Jill LIABD AND POOL TABLE ; A BARGAIN.
D Fifteenth itve. and San Bruno road. H.
1-CIII
Q1 GROCERY AND SALOON ; NEW
tJM— .*JU. stock: horse and wagon; line busi-
ness; low rent: fin» location; best reasons for sell-
ing. Inquire room 43, I^o~Satter st.
I^<OR SALE— WEL ESTABLISHED MTL-
linery, ladies' famishing and fancy goods busi- I
ness; klock light; good reasons for selling; rare
oppor unil Address MRS. G. J. H.I P. O. box 46,
Paso tobies, Cal. _
&Q^n: partner WANTED. OR WILL
i?O<J\J. ll; steady man: lodging-house, 55 beds,
clearing ;?1 25 per month. 140 Minna si .
MIDI'I E-AGEDLADY rA PARTNER
in saioon: £100. Inquire at Call Ollice^
OTEL MAN, COMPETENT IN AI. L
. branches, want- situation: satisfied with
small -.alary, or would exchange .1 12-acre ranch
posting s32oo ($750 mortgage! for business in
his line; highest references. KERSTERS, 641/2
Tiffany »ye., city. ■ •
\l7 AN I KD— MORNING PAPER route. 936
'» I'wenty-third st.
BRIGHT, INTELLIGENT YOUNG LADY,
with $250. to join advertiser in business ven-
ture: splendid opportunity. PROF. VAN DE
VERE, 305 Jones st.
T)LACER COUNTY FRUIT RANCH TO
X lease. Apply at 1217 Clay st.
I>HYBICIANS SPLENDID opportunity
X to take prominent private dispensary; paying
$400 month: only 8100 cash required; balance
paid out of profits. Ad. Physician, box 122, Call.
HARDWARE-STORE — STOCK AND Fix-
tures: bargain; at half price— for cash; last
chance. 546 Mission st.
BA IV .A I N — RETIRING FROM BUSINESS;
family hotel; 30 years; 60 rooms; bar; restau-
rant :*most centrally local Apply 507 Pine st.
Wf-KLL ESTABLISHED CITY NURSERY
>» p6OO. Address C. N.. box 52. Call Office.
■POR SALK: i lit- AT: LADIES' AND CHIL-
J^ dren's clothes and underwear. 342 Third.
T>ARTNKR~IN A LEGITIMATE MAN UFA C-
X turiDg business of groceries and bar supplies to
solicit trade and increase the capital. Address A.
]' box 6;.
T/OR SALE- UN ACCOUNT OF ILL HEALTH;
X: the well-known Boston Shoe Bazar of San Jose; I
one of the best-established shoe businesses in the
State. For particulars address 1. LASKEY, 126
S. Firsc St.. San me.
TJESTAURANT SOLD AT BARGAIN; FAM-
J\ ily difficulties reason for selling at once. Ad-
dress 8.. box 40, Call Office.
\l " ANTED— PARTNER WITH $400 CAPITAL
'» to join a paying enterprise; profits doubled
monthly. Address H., box 86, Call Office.
pOR.SER SALOON FOR SALE; RENT LOW.
\J Apply 795 Mission st.
Q-J9' BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, STA-
O— — •'. tlonery store; 4 ing-rooms; rent $18;
no agents. 341% FII st.
Q/«-rv cigaßstorb AND CLUBKOOM,
tjpUtJU. established several years; large stock,
fine fixtures and a good, steady trade. C. It., box
£4, Call.
I7"OR SALE-CIGAR-STAND WITH LAUNDRY
office: on account of other business; no agents.
Apply 243 Fourtn.
OODPAYIXG BUTCHER-SHOP; FINE LO.
cation; price reasonable. B. S., box 61. Call.
G; OPPORTUNITY FOR AN INVEST-
meut of about $50,000 in safe commercial
business. Address R. D., box 43, this office.
•\] UST BE SOLI) BY FEBRUARY"!— EX-
i'l press- wagons; stand cor. bansome and Sutter.
J.G. FREDERICKS, owner.
Q'JAA (\ ROUTE FOR SALE; EVENING
iR)O\J\J\J. paper; pays Sl5O per month. Apply
this office.
I>APER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers IS blocks;, can be bought j
cheap, and chances for increase are very good, i
Apply this office, principals only.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE 1
-.V WEEKLY' CALL, in wranoer. for mailing.
liOD<*tN4i-IIOITHI£S ron SALE.
QO]n io-room'house; OODLOCA1ION: |
• % . —i V. 18 rooms; best corner in city $1,600 1
14 rooms, on Geary st 850
20 rooms: sunny corner; must sell 700
10-room bouse; very central 150
H. C. DECKER, 1206 Market St., cor Taylor.
Qf'A AHA To LOAN~6ST~FURNITURE.
CvW'"W DECKER, 1206 Market st.
"QQnn, 34-ROOM HOUSE. NEAR THE
<20\J\). Baldwin. DECKI R !20tf Market.
Cil^A 10-ROOM HOUSE; CLEARING $40.
C J •>' '.  1 kki:. 1206 Market st.
1.1 ROOMS; FINE CORNER: WORTH $5000; I
Uu $2000 will buy It. Sec DECKER, 1206 Market, j
"1 -ROOM LODGING-HOI BE; CHEAP i
-1 r'-n;; price $1500: must be sold; owner !
leaves ci:y. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
VICELY FURNISHED 10-ROOMED HOUSE; ;
J-> location central; steady roomers; good invest- ;
ment. For particulars address Owner, box 40, Call.
INK-ROOMED HOUSE, RENT $30; MUST
-^> sell: noagen's. sup Mission st.
l;i:X.lii.K FOB SALK.
"
: c'TETrKrXR : \ : 'T-^ —
'» Previous to moving to 747 Market st. we oiler
our entire stock of furniture and carpets at tre-
mendous reduction. No reasonable offer refused.
bury Brussels (laid) 75c
English Linoleum (laid) 35c
SHIBEK & SHIREK, 1310-12 Stockton st. ]
HG. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, S9andup; step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
"DEDUCTIONS ON LARGE '3TOCK, NEW AND
Jt second-hand: 400 carpets, good as new. oil-
cloth, 25c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum, 45c: 7- I
piece chamber suits, $i 4 50: cornice poles, 25c:
ranges, $6: cash or installments: goods shippel
Ire*-. T. 11. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
I" ''OR BARGAINS IN FURNITURE AND AR-
ticles of every description. D. McRAE, 829 '
Mission st.
IXRXITIRE WANTED
pX*H~PIUC E PA I rrF^R^U^TNITuREr jX- !
V^' COB SCHWERDT, 82 1 Mission, bet. 4th & sth. |
A BSOLUTELY' HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR I
- V second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co., 813 Market .st.: call or send postal.
CARPET CLEANING;
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
V-' 1 like new. FERGUSON A CO., 23 Tenth; tel.
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO.. successors.
JE, MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING,R>;XOVA- i
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, nigr. Tel. South 250. |
JMcQI KEN'S CABPET BEATING AND REN- '
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
"NT ATJONAL CARPET BEATING AND KEN'S" I
IN valln? Works HAMPTONiBAILLY: layin;
md alterinc. 313-315 Guerrero: PH. Mission Jii. ,
YyTIEN you BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» » poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Ca- I
rt-t p.eatin? Works. 365-7 Tehama: tei. So-40. |
/ ••■NKLIV.-J BEATING WORKS. 83 1
\J GoM'n Gate aye. : le'.pphonp fast 126.
FOR MIMCKLLASLOs'Ij.
T,^O it SA LE -^^K^hT"gENTLe"~"j I
-T cows. 9 Washington st.
17 OR SALE— VERY CHE FIVE SECOND- !
X hand French ranees and 100 cook stoves; all I
sir.es. Call at once, SHUSTER BROS.. 306 Hotter.
L' OR SALE ial ' . I n PARROT. 1017 Mason j
J St.. between Clay and Sacramento. >
PHYSICIAN'S LIBRARY, IN WHOLE OR !
X pan, nt great Bacriflce. 29 Market Rt.
DOG— ONE OF WATSON'S black point-
ers for sale cheap. 4.<.=> Hayes st.
l.nX KINDLING-WOOD] ,1. J. BHZEHAN,
J> office. Union Box Factory, Powell and North !
Point. Tel. main 595.
MM - * D hand carpets, ALL SIZES
'JVfyJ «;:it priceu from 25c i«r yard up. J. i
If OONAN,' 1017< to 1023 Mission st., above Sixth.
FRESH JERSEY C(J\VS~AND UETfERS.
Suljihur Spring am-., Niles.
/-ToiNG AWAY— BED LOUNGE. LOOKING-
\J glass, etc.. almost new. to 1) ■ sold cheap. 321 !
Capp St., rear, between Mission and Howard.
VIVA '98 HIGH-GRADE. 21 POUND. i? 105
II bicycle, S4O. J. i;.. box 58, Call Office.
BUY' YOU It" B \~C A RrTa GKS A N~d"raT~-
tan farnltnru at the factory .-md save middle- i
man's pro!!;; we •will treat ><>>. right. cai.ifor-I
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 Fir3t, nr. Mission. ;
p OLDEN GATE GAS ENGINK. APPLY -TO
\X Browning it Bremer. gun store, 820 Kearny st.
alJy~cXrr"ia~g7. s ani:Trattan furni-
lt tare: call and get our prices: costs nothing
s nsei Kattaa Company, 104 O'FarreU »i,, near
Stockton.
A ! : . r FITS, M : RRORSiCA 8H REGISTERS
Ji se^ilMs. etc.; cheapest. ME!iK, 1118 Mission st. i
I^IRE AND KOLA 0 SAFii, i.;.i ikk-
x press, platform acales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay
MIRD SLOT MACHINES FOR
sa!:;oru'ivcnaway. KAHN <t CO.. 220 Cal. si.
iTjTllows, anVil, vise, tongs, small
J J steam Itoiier and engine. 631 Howard st.
Of! -MALI. MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 22], 223 Marks; &i.
IIA.MiK.S 1 CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
-L> hand. W. B. RAY !tte Co., 12 California s. J
CltS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
' bO'Jchi*nU(old ll'Jl'/ a -Mta-l.et bet. 7ioandB;a |
PERSON ALS^^ j
pTe^m^vnT^vith^ood home, wishes TO
\J corresnond with respectable German woman,
I over 40, with some means; object, matrimony. G.
' M., box 40, Call.
E\ SIIR N M A SO YEARS OF AGE, HON-
J orable, educated and owning a large ranch,
wishes to correspond with an honorable woman of
means to whom a rural Hie would be congenial:
! object matrimony; all communications inviolably
confidential. Address F. M. 8., box 65, this office.
IT HE WOMEN'S DISPENSARY. LATE OF
New York, has located; all the new appliances
ana methods for curing diseases: inflammation,
ulcerallon and prolapsus successfully treated: in-
fallible remedies for irregularities: testimonials in
: office: consultation free. Office, 25 Murphy bldg
l KAK.NKSS-THK AUKAPHONE RESTORES
U lost hearing, cures ear defects: invisible; book
mailed iree. F. F. i- inlay. 10 California St., 8. F.
TF THE LADY WHO PAID 1 YESTERDAY
1 for a switch will go to G. LEDEBEB'S, 111
Stockton st., this week she will find the same for
$1; $1 switches, 7.V; hairdresslng, 25c.
C* : & ROOM: > A KIM. 1 .-> CLEANED ON THE
»j* X Boor. 206 Leaven worth st.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
laws a specialty; collections, attachments,
! liens, etc.: suits brought in any state. Call or
> write. HICKS, 610 ckels building.
DANi !M; >OR BALLROOM OB STAGE
U taught at, IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
MRS. PORTER RETURNED FROM THE
East, and will teach the Berlin facial treat-
ment, which gives the face a natural Bush; get
Mrs. Porter's ozone for the teeth. 126 Kearny st.,
parlor 52. Thurlow block.
Rai. CARPETS. WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
J I' also chenille-wove rues, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St., Oakland, Cal.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
IV laws a specialty; suits. Superior, Justice and
Police Courts: terms reasonable: collections, etc G.
W. HOWE, ati'v-nt-iiiv, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
BEAT REDUCTIONS IN PHOTOGRAPHS
VT at CRAM California Gallery, 402 Kearny
St., NX. cor. Pine; full length or bust first-class
cabinets $1 50 dozen, Paris panels $3 dozen. j
ONE MORE CUT—
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c Up
Stoves and Ranges $3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOON AN,
1017, 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
• showcases, counters, shelving?, mirrors, desks, j
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of :
them, too: be sure and see stock and get prices be-
lore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 10<:3 Mission st., above -1 xth.
IMPORTBD HAVANA, KEY WEST AND
1 blgh-srade domestic cigars at the tobacco bazaar,
1627 Devisadero St.. near Sutler.
MRS. M. 11. OBEB, HEADQUARTERS OK
Ypsilanti Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout figures. (
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller ;
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions: |
I send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
PICTU 1 1 1 FRAMING COMPLETE WITH
X glass 7x9 inches, 10c; SxlO and 10x12, 16c;
11x14 and 12x16, 20c; 16x20, SOc; 20x24, 45c. I
JONES, 617 Mission st.
GYPTIAN HENNA, $1; HAIRDYE. PER-
fectly harmless. Laneley-Michaels Co.; all
chemists; Hnbbard's 923, Hauptli's. 1156 Market.
IJJOR FINE POULTRY' AND GAME GO TO A."
X BTRASSER, 78 and 79 Centex Market.
PARTINGTON'B SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars address or apply 424
Pine st.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM-WlN-
chester House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200
rooms, 2oc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-323 }
Sutter st., between Stockton st. and Gran: aye.,
where the oest of coal can b-- had at lowest prices.
T IBEP.AL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEW-
xj elry, etc. lowest rates. 948 Market st.
1 |)|| (\l 1 1 -IN ESS CA RD 9, $1 50: TELE-
-IUUU phone "Black 141." H 1LL. 724 i 2 Market. \
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD:
btore fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc. : Cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st,, near Eighth.
CLOAKS, CAPES AND BUI Is RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' i Oat. Factory, 20 Snnsnm" St.. upstair*.
OLD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES j
clothing boucht. COLMAN, 41 Third st.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
WEEKLY CALL, sent to nu<- address in the !
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post- i
axe free. I
I)KiiSSMAKKK\
DRKSSES CUT AND FITTEd7?3TIdRESSES,
popular prices: waists $3. 11 Geary st. ;
PIANOS. VIOLINS. JETC.
FOR CASH; WILL SELL 1 LARGE UPRIGHT
piano; price P9O. Room 21, Flood building. •
"TUNE CHICKERING; BEAUTIFUL CASE;
X I will be sacrificed at once by party leaving the
city; cash or installments. Room 10. Flood bldg.
1? LEG ANT STE WAY' OFFERED BY PATRY'
-Li requiring cosh at once; a n'ue instrument. i
Room 21, SO9 Market st.
QECOND-HAND DECKER & SON PIANO;
O great bargain. The Zeno Mauvais Music Com-
pany, 769 Market st.
PIANO GIVFN A.WAY; ABSOLUTELY' NO :
charge. Particulars at BRUI-NN'S, 228 Post. '
"DISK TONE FISCHER UPRIGHT; GOOD AS !
xjiew.; $150. WM. G. BADGER, r. 1, 26 O'Farrell \
W'-\f\ GREAT BARGAIN; ROSEWOOD !
tiPOv/. piano, £5 Installment. 221 Leavenworth.
AINEB BROS. PIANO. PATTI'B PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush <fc Gens' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post st.
pONO V Elt PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW-
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 33S Post st.
Qi 1 1 A BTRGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT: GOOD
«FJ--i-V/. condition. JOSEPH SCHMITZ & CO..
McAllister St.
\ T li\V UPRIGHT PIANO, ORGAN. FOLDING
-».' bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Office.
PI A NOS^ " — j
Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and !
Simpson ; easy terms. 735 Market st.
pHICKERING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE. STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano tor $187; pianos
:or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell. :
/ ' BEAT BARGAIN IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
VJT Piano House, 216 Post st.
\\' M. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
'» rell, room 1, rirjt floor: take elevator; pianos
tnd organs sold for cash or installments.
AS OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN '
for eelllnp pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of it* please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO
corner Kcarny and Sutter sts. "'
(ft ]7 X CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER i
<JJ-'u. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness. :
Dl ii EB BROS., I KINWA .FISCHER .AND !
xy other first-class makes of pianos: little used: !
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER & !
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell si.
Easy TERMS:;LOW PRICES. KOHLER & I
C l l As}**,
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER, •
Newby & Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
SUPER VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
O H. Ml LLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
CTEINWAY, $215; WEBER, $265; SOMKR,
0 5237; Wily, j125; squares, $35 and 555.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
A RRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH- '
-1 » grade T. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82- i
! Ninth st.
01 ' N FOR BUSINESS. ~
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
In San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market St., Spreckels building.
i
j HOUSES.
"i r,r\ hjjad of well-broken work and i
I x\j\j driving horses: just from the country; j
: draught horses weighing from 1600 pounds up-
fast trotters: pacers. <.. LINDAUER. 862 Howard. .
1?OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— A FINK ROAD-
J ster; will drive double or single: can be seen at
i Olympic Club Stable. For particulars apply at
I 504 gutter st. i:■ r •?■>' -j -. % -.- ; "
1 "SO * KiS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
, -i *J\J ness: nil kinds: wagons, buggies, horses and I
I scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
HORSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD !
care and feed; send for circular. The Hylo I
t ranch, 630 Commercial st.
T\R. C H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY' SUR- !
l-/ fc eon for 8. K. Police Department. Office and !
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.; telephone south 401.
4(1 HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAhO.Vj
xV/ buggies, cans, harness: Grand Arcade llor-u
Market, 927 Sixth St. ; auction sales every WVata- ;
day. SULLIVAN .v DOYLE. Auctioneers.
1 (\() BBTS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALu j
'"« kinds: second-hand wagons. buggy, cart*; '
also liO cheon horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sis. j
WAGON-; ASi> VA.lilllAi.iKa.
NDHAND DELIVERY OR PEDDLING
i* wagon. 1 liorse. 2 htigglf: cheap. 1110 Bryant. \
BIC £ CUES.
\\T INDBOR BIC 'i ( LBS; iTBICTLY high
; '' grade; no xicinping: all lathe work; cones
; and cups fully Kuaiautced for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CBOb'T ■-■ Co., 324 i'o<t St., *. F.
PARK CYCLKBY— NEW WHEELS TO LET:
best, accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Allieter mill Powall si. cat lines.
L. E(. \u Pi OTICJSS*
rpHE PI'RLICMS J| 1 !: : ■ )-, v Ml l I FIED THAT '
J. the partnership agreement between tlie mem-
bers of the fir m of M. JOOST & BROTH pro- I
vides that Martin Joost shall have the sole, com-
plete and exclusive charge and control of the
management of the business of said firm, and that
no contract, agreement or obligation will be valid
or bin ling against said firm unless the same shall J
have been exclusively executed or contracted by |
! said Martin Joost on behalf of said firm.
; M. JOOST & BROTHER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
LOST.
o7?T^G7)LirCH^fx7\vTTll^^
Fell, bet. Buchanan and Laguna to Hayes. Lib-
eral reward 523 Fell st. . .
OST— A FOLDING LORGNETTE IN OXl-
dized silver, with oxidized silver chain. Leave
| at Occidental Hotel and receive reward.
IRISH SETTER DOG; WHITE SPOT ON
X breast; very liberal reward. 827 Fulton st.
OST— JANOXBY~I<n~SCOTCH TERRIER
nnppy; Jefferson square. 1120^ Turk St.; re-
! ward.
OST— FOX TERRIER DOG; WHITE, BLACK
and tan head. Return 30 Post St.: reward.
RINDLE- WHITE GREYHOUND BITCH.
Return to 3420 Mission st.: reward.
T OST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
XJ not getting my shoes made to order by
i GEORGE BRYANT, 204 1 ink st.
Mi >N BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging company. 685 McAllister st. •-, -•■'■ .-
— — — —
rouNo.
F~^OUN D~-BTRO^V^^XNI¥L^OGT^CALirAT
1839Kddvst.
THJEDICA.JL.
M~ MX. DE GEKRS' M AGIO ER, THE
only true method in the world for restoring ir-
regularities m 8 hours; $5; perfectly harmless.
Call or address WOMEN'S DISPENSARY', 1170
Market, 66 and 67; physician's consultation free.
ANEW PROCEBS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU
ments or worthless pills used; every woman
: her own physician for all female troubles, no mat- !
ter from what cause; restores always in one day; I
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician -.knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
\ BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT RE
J\. lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever i
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians i
in San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved i
method, superior to others; ladies will save time :
find money, be assured of honest treatment by i
consulting the doctors before calling on others: j
, patients who have been Imposed upon are spe- i
; cially invited: home in confinement: treatment
warranted: advice free; Pink Pills, $3. DR. and
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister St., near Jones.
MBS. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE: DISEASES OF
the womb a specia'ty. 230 Clara st., ur. Fifth.
iLL I- EM ALE IRREGULARITIES RE~
.el- stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
iinernent; French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
lAfiIKS — CIIICHESTER'S ENGLISH PEN- '
XJ uyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c, stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladles," in letter by return ■
mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Company,
Philadelphia. I'a. j
DKS. "GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY' OF !
diseases Of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge: separate home for patients: best skill;
medical attendance; low fees; regulator, $2.
1370 Market.
1 ADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
XJ ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St., |
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agent 9.
R, HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
Z Jones. Diseases of women and children.
A BURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIB-
eases, from whatever cause; a home In con- j
finement with every comfort; satisfaction cuar- ■
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
A HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
.V MRS. DR.FUNK's. 1416Elghth St.. Alameda.
MRS. DR. WEGENER: PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement: irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS, A BOON TO ;
x\- ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure: $2 50 express C. O. D. don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. Cal.
IF IRREGULAR OH ANY FEMALE DISEASE
J see Mrs. Dr. i J netz and be content. 254 Vi 4th.
ATTORNEYS-
D^^P^^MITCHELU "aTTORNSY "-^At"^L*AW; I
. practices in state and Federal Courts. Room i
610 Spreckels Building, 927 Market st.
A DVICF. REE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
-T\. lawn a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable; collections, etc
G.W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market, cor.Stoclaon
ry J. murky. att t y7vnd\.uun>elor AT
1 • law; advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 16.
WW.DA ATTORN F.Y-AT-LAW.42O
' » « California gt.. rms. 14-15: advice free. ;
LATEST SKIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Movements of Tr»n«- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan IS— Stmr Stuttgart,
from Bremen.
bailed Jan 18— Stmr Weimar, for Bremen; simr
Aurania. ior Liverpool: stmrZandaam, for Rotter
dam; stmr Massachusetts, for London; stmr Per
sia, for Ham'uirc: stmr La Champagne, for Havre;
stmr Noree, for Copenhagen.
ROTTERDAM:— Arrived out Jan 17— Stmr Ob
dam.
HAMBURG— Arrived out Jan 17— Stmr Prus- i
sia.
HAVRE— Sailed Jan 18— Stmr La Bourgogne !
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Jan 18-Stmr St Paul, i
for New York.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Jan 17— Stmr Anchoria, for
New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Jan 18— Stmr Southward,
for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed Jan 38— Stmr La Gascogne.fm i
New York, for Havre.
■i
MAUKIAKi: UCK.NSES
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Cleric's office yesterday:
William P. Juan and Mildred Hodgdon, 30— 25.
Robert H. Krenz and Jennie S. Horn, 21—20.
A. S. Pembroke aa-l Jennie M. Barker, 23—
C. A. Cochran and AdeUa L. Petltplerre, 27-18
BIRTHS— — DEATHS.
rßlrth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not he inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J
BORN.
ACKERSON— In this city, January 15. 1896, to
the wife of George E. Ackerson, a daughter.
BOYLE— In this city, December 31, 1895, to the
wife or John Boyle, a daughter.
ERNEST— In this city. January 14, 1896, to the
wife of J. 11. Ernest, a son.
FERRIS— In this city, January 11, 1896, to the
wife of John M. Ferris, a son.
HAMBLY— In this city. January 18. 1896, to the
wife of Harry B. Hambly, a daughter.
HANSEN— In this cltv, January 18, 1896, to the
wife of Claus C. Hansen. a son.
HANSKX — In West Oakland, January 17, 1896,
to the wife of H. D. Hansen, a son.
HARJE— January 10, 1896, to the wife of F.
Har tje, a daughter.
HILLER— In this city, January 17, 1896, to the
wife of Herman F. Killer, a son.
McGREW— In this city, January 14, 1896, to the
wife of Milforcl H. McGrew, a son.
Mcv'lCAß— In this city, January 7, 1896, to the
wife of John Me Vicar, a son.
MOCKER— In this city, January 12, 1896, to the
wife of Edwin A. Mocker, a son.
ROBERTS-In this City, January 17, 1896, to the
wife of H. T. Roberts, a son.
WALKER— In East Oakland, January 1896,
to the wife of Henry Walker, a sou.
WHITTLE— In this City, January 9, 1896, to the
wife or Henry F. Whittle, a son.
MARRIED.
BOWERS-KAUFMAX-Iu this city, January 13
1896, at the bride's home, by the Rev. M M
Gibson. D.D., Frank T. Bowers and Sophie S.
Kaufman. Doth of San Francisco.
DOWU-CONNELL— In this city. January 15
18. by the Rev. Father Fergusen of St. Pat-
rick's Church. Henry L. I>owd and .Marguerite C
O. Connell, hot;: of San Francisco.
LAWRENCE— WISE— January 14, 1896, by the
Rev. Dr. D. a. woodsell. Frederick L. Lawrence
and Susie S. Wise, both of San Francisco.
SHIPMAN-CALLAHAN— January 15, 1896 by
the Rev. Father McDonald, Stephen A. Ship nan
and Catherine A. Callahan, both of San irancisco.
SMITH— In this city, January 12. 1836
at St. Joseph's Church, by the Rev. Father Mc-
Donald, Hugh E. Smith and Maggie E. Lovett.
DIED.
Bo'linger. Mourning E. Ivison. Harriette 8.
Brlitain, William Jobanson, Johan B.
Clark, Anna Levy, Isaac H.
Connors. Mary LoDez, Joseph
Conradt, Helena Lynch, John
Crowley. John McLnughlln, Rose
Duffy, Oertrude M. McPeak, James
Ertola, Atonletta Marum, Pauline A.
Floyd, Thoaias Montgomery, Miss E.
Fougere, Francois E. Nolan. James P.
Gorman, James E. Nunan, Edward
llerve, Marie E. Pooler, j. R. H.
.Hughes, Joseph B. Sullivan, Edward
BOLLINGER— In this city, January 16, 1896
Mourning E., beloved wire of Frank Holllneer '
sister of Mrs. Hatlie Bird, Mrs. Nancy Littlerield
aud Rice ioulhwood, and aunt of" Edith and
Jennnette Brown, a native of M. Joseph, Mo.
flsT Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Sunday), at 2 o clock
P. m. from her late residence, 1319 Twenty-firth
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
C. ok a:— The oflicerj and members of Excelsior
Circle No. '2.C.0f F., are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late companion, Mrs. M. K.
Bollinger, from her late residence. 1,319 Twenty-
filth street. THIS DAY (Sunday), at 2 o'clock
p. m. By order of D. .!( >ii a XsoX, C. C.
John J. Cordy, Financial Secretary.
BRITTAIN — In the City and County Hospital
January 17, 1896, Wi11iam Britain, aged 5 2 years.
CLARK— In Santa Barbara, January 12, 1896 j
Anna Clark, beloved wife of John Clark of Stew- i
arts Point, and mother of Mrs. Tillie Kiske, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 60 years 8 months anil 9
days.
Friends and acquaintances are resD«ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY :
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par- '•
lors of H. C. Porter <fe Co.. 122 Eddy street.
In.»-rmentl. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CONNORS— In this city. January 17, 1896, Mary
Connors, beloved mother or J. W. and J. H. Con- i
nors, native of Maccroom, County Cork, Ireland,
aged 51 years.
fifS-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW ■
(Monday) at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose or her soul, commencing at 9
clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
CONRADT-In this city. January 17, 1896,
Helene, beloved wife of Julius Couradt, and
sister of Hermann Loewenstein, Mrs. H. Mehl-
mann. Mrs.H. Moskowitz and Julius Loewenstein
of San Luis Obispo, a native of Germany, aged 36
years and 6 months.
.-• &B~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 2016 Geary street. Interment I. O.
. O. F. Cemetery.
CROWLEY-ln this city, January 17, 1896, John
Crowley. a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
DUFFY— In this city, January 18, 1896. Gertrude
M., beloved daughter of Edward and Annie Duffy,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 4 months
and 13 days.
Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Monday), at
2 clock p. m., at the residence of her parents, 6
Le Roy place, off Sacramento street, between
Jones and Leavenworth. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
ERTOLA— In this city, January 17, 1896, Antoni-
etta, dearly beloved daughter of Joseph and
Josephine Ertola, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 months and 10 days.
JS3~ Friends and "acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1508 Dupont street,
thence to the Italian Cemetery.
j FLOYD— In this city, January 18, 1896, Thomas,
beloved husband of Jennie N. Floyd, a native of
Manchester. England.
| FOUGERE-In this city, January 17, 1896, Fran-
cois Elysee Fongere. beloved /father of Eraile
* ougere of Vallejo and Mrs. Moret. of San Fran-
cisco, a native of France, aged 80 years and 3
months. I Valleio papers please copy.]
*«"■* r ends and acquaintances are respect -
• fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
! dence of his niece. 831 Sixteenth avenue, between
P and Q streets, South San Francisco. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
! GORMAN— In this city. January 17, 1896, James
Emmett, beloved son of Mary and the late James
Gorman, and brother of William and Alice Gor-
man. Mrs G. A. Wattson and Mrs. W. E. Daws,
a native of San Francisco, aged 30 years. f Sac-
ramento papers please copy.] :-•■ • 1: .
03~Friends and acquaintances are respact-
fi'lly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from the resi-
dence of his mother, 1102 Scott street, thence to
Holy Cross Church, where services will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 2 p.m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HERVE— In this city, January 18, 1896, Marie
I-.lauie, beloved daughter of William A. and An- I
Die Herve. and granddaughter of James and !
Catherine Kenny and E. F. and Eugenia Herve, j
. a native of San Francisco, aged 2 months.
HUGHES— In this city. January 16, 1896, Joseph
8., beloved sou of William and Sarah Hughes,
and brother of Mrs. William Wedgwood, Mrs.
William liallinan and Willie Hughes, a native of
San Francisco, aged 19 years.
JtSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock p.m., from the resi-
dence of his parents, 13 Lafayette street, thence
to St. Joseph's Cburcn for services, commencing
I at 2 o'clock p. m. Interment Mount Calvary
| Cemetery.
; IVISON-In New York City, December 26, 1895,
Harriette Seymour Ivison, widow of Henry
Ivison, and sister of Mrs. Caroline M. Severance
i and James O. Seymour of Los Angeles.
I JOHANSON— In South San Francisco, January
17, 1896, Johan Bernhard, beloved and eldest
son of Nils and Johanna Jobanson. and brother
of Eddie and Jalmo Johanson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 19 years 3 months and 20 days.
friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral THIS DAY'
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of his parents, corner Thirteenth avenue and P
[ street South. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
' LEVY'— In this city, January 16. 1896, Isaac H..
beloved husband of Johannah Levy, and father
i of Meyer H. Levy, a native of Prussia, aged 56
years and 8 months.
•■'•"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. it., from the Pacific
Hebrew Home, corner silver avenue and Mis-
sion road. Interment, Home of Peace Cemetery,
by carriage. Please omit flowers.
O. C. F.— Members of Crystal Council No. 4,
O. C. F., are requested to attend the funeral of
I ourlale friend. Isaac Levy. THIS DAY (Sun-
! day), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from the Pacific
Hebrew Homo, corner Silver avenue and Mission
road. By order
M. 11. ATKINSON, Secretary.
LOPEZ— In West Berkeley, January 17. 1896,
Joseph, beloved son of Joseph M. and Hannah
Lopez, and brother of Alphonse I/jpez and John
and Charles Roouey, a native of West Berkeley,
aged 1 9 years 9 months and 26 days.
fit* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeril THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the residence
of bis parents, corner San Pablo avenue and
Delaware street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock a. it. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery. Oakland.
LYNCH— In this city, January 17, 1896. John
Lynch, beloved brother of Mary Ann Dore and
Michael Lynch, and uncle of Mrs. Nora Freese.
firs* Friends Of the family are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral THIS DAY (Sun-
day), at 1 :30 o'clock p. M.. from his late resi-
dence, 800 Bay street. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, January 16, 1896,
Rose, beloved wife of Michael MrLaughlin.
motherof T.W. and E. A. Magulre. Mrs. J. J. Ryan
and Mrs. George Murphy, sister in-law of Ed-
ward and John McLaughlln, and sister of Henry
Connelly of Vallejo, a native of Ireland, aged 57
years.
Friends of the family are respectfully in-
vited to attend the funeral THIS DAY (Sun-
day), at 7:30 o'clock A. if., from her late resi-
dence, 217 Langtou street, thence to St. Joseph's j
Church, when; a solemn requiem mass will be :
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com- I
mencing at 8 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McPKAK— In Oakland, January 17, 1896, James,
beloved husband of the late Catherine McPeak,
brother of Michael Me Peak, and brother-in-law!
or Hugh Mullbolland, a native of County Derry, j
Ireland, aged 72 years.
• Friends and acquaintances are resoec:-
fuil. Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 691 Twenty-eighth street, thence to
St. Francis de Sales Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. !
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
MARUM— In Oakland. January 17. 1896. Pauline
a .mis, beloved and only daughter of Thomas C. I
and Mary M arum, a native of San Francisco, aged |
16 years and 11 months. [Walla Walla and ;
Seattle papers please copy.)
ft* -Friends are respectfully invited to attend j
the funeral THIS DAY (Sunday), at 12:30
o'clock p. m., from the residence of her parents, !
1263 East Eleventh avenue, thence to St. Fran- i
cis de Sales Church, 1 :15 o'clock p. m. Imer-
mont Mount Calvary Cemetery, San Francisco, I
by 2 o'clock P. m. boat.
MONTGOMERY— this city, January 1896,
Miss Ellen Montgomery, "a native of Boston,
Mass.. aged 67 years 5 months and 15 days.
Friends and acquaintances ar» re^nsct- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW j
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from 2255 Mission
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
NOLAN — In Sacramento, January 18. 1886, James |
P., beloved son of Patrick and the late Uanora i
Nolan of 1306 Church street. Sun Francisco, !
brother of Michael, John, Thomas, George and j
Edward Nolan and Mrs. Charles R. Gracier, j
a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years 9 i
months and 4 days.
Xt"g-Notice of funeral In to-morrow morning's
papers.
NUNAN— In London. November 7. 1895, Edward |
Nunan, brother of Thomas and Timothy Nunan •
of San Francisco and Mrs. Brierly of Sydney,
Australia.
POOLER-In this city, January 16. 1890. J. R. H.,
dearly beloved husband of the late Rose Pooler, I
and her 0! Henry Pooler, a native of Ireland, I
aged 70 years.
Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fullv Invited to a'Lend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Valente. Marlni & Co., 1524 Stockton
street.
SULLIVAN— In this city, January 18. 1896, Ed-
ward, beloved son of T. J. and Mary Sullivan, and :
brother of James Sullivan, a native of San Fran- j
Cisco, aged 8 days.
#3™ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday) nt 1:30 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of thf> parents. 47 7 Shotwell street. In-
terui-nt, Holy Cross Cemetery.
UNITED UXDJiRTAKKBS 1
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Ileasonablf Rates.
T^^'}i r '. p ilP. I .'. c ..?. 1 . 6 . 7 ; l i— ,i:.7 a " a " 9 *' iftn *et.
McAVOY & CALLACHER,
FUN'KHAL DIBKCTOBB <fc KMB.<U-MKR«<,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
Jas. McMenomist. "™ 'ciTAS.~.Mc.M.i>foif IV!
JAMIiS McMENOMKY A SON,
UN AKKKS A>l> EMBALMKRS,
1O&7 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone 3354.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R: CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND; KMBALMKRS,
FI'XERAL DIRECTORS,
39 Van Ncsa aye.. near Market st., San Francisco
Telephone so. 156.
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
TNRANMATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIAN;
X laid out on the laivn plan; perpetual euro; beau*
Ural, permanent and easy of access; see It before ,
bay: i it a burial place elsewhere.
City ■ ftlio. » City Hall Atodb*.
Chief Williams of the Columbia (Ga.)
police force has a dog named "Fiddler,"
who oftentimes does detective work for
the force. He goes out with the night
squad and hunts the alleys. One night
last week he arrested a man who was
drunk and started to drag him to police
headquarters.
A STUDY IN
DEEP SLUMBER
The Railroad Case a Sure
Preventive of In
somnia.
A JUDICIAL REVENGE.
Judge McKenna Denies a Holiday
to the Weary Members
of the Bar.
MORE STANFORD TESTIMONY.
It Relates All the Hardships En
countered in Building the Cen
tral Pacific.
A sure preventive of insomnia Is the
WHILE ATTORNEY HANEY READ HIS BRETHREN SLUMBERED AND SLEPT.
court session before Judge McKenna iv
the Southern Pacific Company's suit
against the Railroad Commissioners.
There are three factions represented
— the two which furnish the title
to the action and the United States
Government, which has hied a bill of in
tervention with a view to the protection of
us interests.
At one time yesterday afternoon United j
States District Attorney H. S. Foote for j
the Government, Attorney-General W. F. |
Fitzgerald for the State of California and j
Attorneys John Garber and J. C. Martin for j
the railroad all seemed fast asleep. They
had battled long and hard to keep their j
eyes open during the monotonous reading j
of the Pattison Commission report. Like j
so many children kept away from their ;
cribs after their usual bedtime, they tossed ■
about, blinked their "peepers" a few times ;
and I hen lny back in various attitudes j
more or less of comfort, oblivious to their j
surroundings.
There appeared a faint smile of satisfac
tion on the corners of Judge McKenna's
mouth as he surveyed the field before him.
It seemed to intimate that the sentiment
passing through his mind was:
"Well, you wanted to have the full re
port of the committee read, did you? Well,
you shall have it."
On Friday the court suggested that the
reading be curtailed somewhat, as he did
not think it advisable to follow up the 1600 |
pages of ancient history if he couKl help it.
But the attorneys, j<nd especially Mr.
Foote for the Government, thought'other
wise. The latter claimed that he had
never been able to secure a cot>y of the
commission's .report, hence the reading
must be proceeded with, as it was the only j
means of his obtaining a knowledge of the |
testimony.
Mr. Foote is no longer a young man,
and his circulation or blood is rather slug
gish. He stood the morning's reading
fairly well, but in t:,e afternoon he sue- I
cum bed and even snored.
A few moments before the adjournment
Assistant Attorney-General Anderson,
who was reading the ponderous docu
ment, suggested that as the testi
mony of an important witness had
come to a period and that a further read
ing would spread into another day's pro
ceedings he thought it might be a good
place to stop.
"1 entertain the idea that almost, any
point in this reading would be a good
place to stop," calmly said Judge Mc-
Kenna.
This remark on the part of His Honor
was greeted with laughter by the counsel
who were not asleep, and alfthe others ex
cept Mr. Foote awakened. He might have
remained in the "land of Nod" much
longer but for a friendly nudge from ex-
Judge Daly.
" Wba— what's the matter?" he ex
claimed, with a start. He was all right
again in a few minutes.
Clement Bennett, the courtly court
stenographer, earned his $10 per day quite
easily. His presence in court is impera
tive to take down in shorthand any re
marks between the attorneys and the
court. It is not necessary to" take down
the reading of the committee's report.
Hence, Mr. Bennett is enabled to square
his well-nurtured frame away in his com
fortable armchair and become dead to the
world, providing he does not snore.
That is one thing Judge McKenna ob
jects to. He will not permit even the ex
haling whistle let alone the inhaling snore.
Wlun the noon recess was announced,
the day being Saturday, the general im
pression among counsel was that the usual
custom of a half holiday would be re
spected. But no. Not by a great aeal.
Judge McKenna felt it iiis duty to con
tinue the reading since the attorneys de
sired to have so much of it to go in evi
dence.
The evidence of Senator Stanford, inter
rupted the day previous, was resumed. It
covered the ground so well beaten already
by E. H. Miller and C. P. Hnntington's
testimony. He told how the very exist
ence of the overland road bas saved the
Government of the United States up to
January 1, 1888, for transportation of
troops, munitions of war and mails the
enormous sum of $139.347,741..
The Senator went into details as to the
great difficulties that had to be overcome
in order to build the road. He related to
the committee how in one instance it took
ten months to build five miles of track
near the station now known as the Sum
mit. Under favorable conditions it was
not unusual to build ten miles of track in
one day.
Korsefeed was hard to get and very ex
pensive. Hay cost $100 per ton and 15 cents
per pound was the charge for oats. In
some sections of the country water was ex
ceedingly scarce and frequently it had to
be hauled forty miles for the use of man
and beast.
Resuming the line of his testimony given
the committee the day previous Senator I
Stanford spoke of the incalculable benelit j
the railroad had been to California. Prior
to its beine built the consumers were com- j
pletely at the mercy of the merchants and |
prices of the necessaries of life were made j
to jump up to fabulous and prohibitive |
figures for the benefit of speculators, who !
took advantage of the long time it took to ]
get provisions into tbe country by water- j
way.
"In those days," said the Senator, "mer
chants were compelled to carry stock for
six months or more, while it is unnecessary
now carry over a two months' stock.
Money, therefore, need no longer lie use
less, and with $50,000 now as much can be
done as with $500,000 in olden times."
Some of the difficulties under which the
Central Pacific road first came to the
front were explained as antagonistic local
and State legislation. This was mainly in
the shape of bills inspired by malice and
<rro •■ ' As a rule, the Senator explained,
tli is were so extreme in their malice
th;.. .?>■ fell by the weight of their own
wroiiß intention. If some of these bills
had been less venomous they might have
gone through.
The new constitution created a Board
of .Railroad Commissioners, giving them
most absolute power in regulating freisnts
and fares. The Senator believed that said
creation was unconstitutional, but he had
never cared to test its validity.
He detailed how the Government in
sisted that, in addition to building a rail
road, the Central Pacific must also build
a telegraph line. This antagonized the
telegraph company. In 'addition to this
opposition there was that of the California
Steam Navigation Company, the Pacific
Mail, the Sacramento Valley Railroad,
the Stage ana Express Company, the
Pony Express and other institutions —
even the Sitka Ice Company, which
charged 5 cents per pound for ice— were
all against the Central Pacitic Company,
and did their utmost to impair its credit in
England, France and Germany.
The case will be resumed to-morrow
morning.
IN SOUTH AFRICAN MINES.
What Some Californians Are Do
ing in the Dark Con
tinent.
Sketches of the Operations and
Achievements of a Few Well-
Known Native Sons.
One "soft snap," out of which most of
the Californians made money when they
first went to the Rand in South Africa,
was the want of extra-lateral rights to the
locations.
A locator on the Rand is entitled to
only so much of the vein as is directly
beneath hia surface location. In this
country the owner of a location is entitled
to the vein on which he locates, as it goes
down with all its "dips and spurs and
ancles, " no matter whether it goes outside
of lines drawn from his side lines to the
center of the earth or not.
The early locators on the Rand knew
little Oi the formation of veins or reefs
and were content with the first location.
Ihe Cnliiornians knowine that the reef
would, as they went down, go beyond the
side lines, therefore located on the side of
the "pitch" and simply waited for the
hrst locator to develop their mines. In
this way many of them obtained valuable
mines and had them prospected without
cost to themselves.
The reefs of the Rand are very different
in formation from the quartz veins of this
country. Tney are beds of conglomerate,
in a general way similarly placed to beds
or seams of coal. The existence of gold in
them is much more uniformly distributed
than in quartz veins.
As to how the gold came into the reefs
there is no uniformity of opinion among
authorities. It is suggested that it must
have come in by precipitation from solu
tion at the time of the formation of the
beds or by subsequent infiltration. There
is no sign of wash. The gold is both
free and in sulphured, and is worked In
the same way as quartz.
Besides Hammond and Butters, whose
careers have been ptren in The Call, the
records of the leading Californians are
given in the following: Hennen Jennings,
who was one of the first Californians to go
to Africa, is the consulting engineer for a
large number of the most important mines
He is a native of Kentucky, a graduate of
Harvard and was at first a civil engineer
by profession. He was superintendent of
the Ruby drift mine in Sierra County, O f
the New Almaden quicksilver mine, and
later went to Venezuela to take charge of
the celebrated El Callao gold mine owned
by the Rothschilds. He has become wealthy
in the Rand. His wifo is a daughter of one
of the Colemans of Grass Valley.
Joseph Curtis was one of the first of the
i Californians to report favorably on the
value of the Rand mines. He is a eradu
ate of Freiberz and made quite a reputa
tion on this coast. For a time he was on
the United States Geological Survey and
j attracted attention by his work descriptive
of the Eureka ore deposits. He is now
wealthy and largely interested in city
property in Johannesburg. He is Bi
be the* only Californian who ha
nounced that he will make his permar.ent
home there.
Henry C. Perkins is probably as well
known among mining men as any one in
Africa. He went from the New Alraadi n
to the North Bloomtield gravel mines with,
Inilton Smith. There he inventt
cms d Sector, one of the most im
ant inventions ever made in connec
with hydraulic mining. Hamilton
th in time became consulting engineer
for the Rothschilds in London, and
Perkins went down to take charge of the
El Callao mines in Venezuela. He was
succeeded by Hennen Jennings, and joined
Smith A De (Jrano in London in the man
agement of the Exploration Company and
went to Africa for that company. He has
got rich out of the Rand mines. He is
now establishing the largest series of min
ing plants in the world for deep mmmc.
H. H. Webb went out about eitrht
months ago. He is a graduate of the Min
ing College of the University of California
and of the Royal School of Mines Pt Frei
berg, Saxony, and was known as one of the
best metallurgists on the coast. Ha was at
Anaconda for a time, and later at the
Selby Smeltine Works. He left here on a
salary of #15,000 a year.
Tom Mem has made a reputation even
among the big men on the Rand. He bad
charge of the Alaska Treadwell mines.
Victor X. Clement went out at the insti
gation of Jack Hammond, under whom ha
had been the manager of the Bunker Hilt
and Sullivan mines.
E. H. Garthwaite left here about six
months ago. He is a graduate of the col
lege ot mines, University of California,
and of Freiberg.
Tom Leggett, a graduate of the Colum
bia bchool of Mines, was well known hera
as superintendent of the Standard mines
of Bodie.
., Je |, Clark, who was superintendent of
the Gladstone" mine in Shasta, St. Aubyu
of the Niagara mine in Trinity, and As
semblyman J. H. Tibbetts were among the
late departures for Africa.
These are but a small part of the Califor
nians in the Rand. Besides the managers
and superintendents, hundreds of mill
men, assayers, surveyors, timbermen and
foremen went down to assured positions,
and many others on their own account.
Up to a late hour last night neither
General Harris nor Major Hammond had
received any further news about the im
prisonment of J. H. Hammond. Yester
day morning Major Hammond received
„* , foll °wins telegram from Governor
Budd:
Stockton-, Jan. IS, 1896.
General R. P. Hammond, ays Jones Street •
Telegrapher! Cleveland las: night; also White,
\\ ill wire Krueger personal request unless situ
ation changes. Keep me informed. Budd.
Governor Budd's teleeram to the Presi
dent was published in The Call yesterday.
In answer to his telegram to the Aztea
Club of "Washington asking them to usa
their influence with the President Major
Hammond received the following:
_. . . Washington. D. C, Jan". S, 1896.
RKhard P. Hammond, San Francisco : Tele
gram received and will be given immediate at
tention by members of Aztec Club here.
H. G. Gibson, Secretary.
The Aztec Club is composed of officers
and sons of officers who took part in the
capture of the City of Mexico. It was
formed on the day after the taking of the
city and has been kept up ever since.
Among the members are many prominent
men, statesmen and soldiers, and every
year the anniversary of the taking of Mex
ico is celebrated with a banquet.
COOPERS STILL DEFIANT.
Declare the Old Price! Must Be Re-
stored — Superintendent Miller
Gives His Opinion.
The strike of the coopers employed at the
Pacific Woodenware and Cooperage
Company is still on, though there is pros
pect of an amicable settlement by Monday
next.
'It is to be regretted." said Superintend
ent Miller yesterday, '"that the men cannot
see the matter as we do. The cut was
simply a necessity brought about by a drop
in prices. In order to continue in business
we asked the men to accept a uniform cut
of not quite 10 per cent on piecework.
"It is true unit on one article we made a
reduction of 50 per cent on former prices
but the cause for this was that we did noc
longer desire to do that class of work I
nave reason to think the men will return
to work Monday, though as yet we have no
assurance of this. We nave nothin- what
ever to do with the Coopers' Union and
most assuredly will not arbitrate the
matter with them. In fact there is nothing
to arbitrate. If they refuse to work at thf
prices we now offer the factory will close
down. It would pay us better to do that
than to run at a loss."
The striking coopers, however, ara
determined not to accept the cut. They
declare that it is preferable to remain Mle
than to submit to an injustice or sacrifice
a principle.Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
FEARS FOR HIS TRAINING.
William H. Hatfield Does Not
Want His Child Schooled
in Canada.
DANGEROUS ON THE FRONTIER.
How Assessor Dalton Will Combine
Duty With Pleasure in Assisting
Clerk Jordan.
Oakland Offi< R Sas Francisco CAix,) y
Broadway, Jan. 18. )
William H. Hutlield has filed an amend
ed answer to the suit of Harriet J. Graham,
his ex-wife, in which he makes some re
markable statements. He alleges that she
was awarded the custody of their minor
child and he agreed to pay $20 a month for
its maintenance. In violation of this
agreement she abandoned the child and
left it in the province of Ontario. He de
clares that said province of Ontairo is a
foreign state and a dependency of Great
Britain, and as such is at present on un-
Jriendly terms with the United States.
Hattield claims he is entitled to the cus
tody of the child, and that the plaintiff
persists in keeping it in exile against his
will. He charges that the effect of Cana
dian schooling and the teaching to which
he is subjected are and will be deemed to
inspire the youthful and susceptible mind
of said minor child with a spirit of hos
tility toward the United States and con
tempt for American institutions, and thus
effectually destroy the seeds of that patri
otism which defendant desires and has
striven to inculcate in the mind of said
minor child.
liis also alleged that St. Catherines, the
city where the child is at school, is near
the American border, and, in the event of
war, he would be in great bodily danger.
He, therefore, prays the court to order the
child returned to California. - .
TO HELP HIS BROTHER.
Henry A. Butters' Appeal Kegarding the
Johannesburg Arrests.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. IS.— Henry A.
Butters left on the overland to-night for
Washington. He will personally appeal
to President Cleveland for protection for
his brother, Charles Butters, who was ar
rested and imprisoned by the Boers at
Johannesburg for complicity in suspected
plots against the Government.
Mr. Batters has been on a visit from
. South Africa to his mother, Mrs. B. L.
Butteisof Telegraph avenue. His sister,
Mrs. P. R. Boone, is the wife of the presi
dent of the Berkeley Board of Education.
A decision to appeal to the President
was reached upon receipt of the cablegram
from a friend of the imprisoned man at
Johannesburg, telling of the confiscation
of Butters' property, and of his being
placed in solitary confinement, and urging
them to take prompt action. . .>*; ■.
Charles Butters, the imprisoned man,
graduated from the State University with
the class of '79, having studied chemistry,
mechanics and mining engineering.
After leaving college he went to the New
Almaden quicksilver mines in Santa Clara
County. Later he went to Colorado and
thence" to Cuba. Seven years ago he lo
cated works of his own at a. mine in Shasta
County and stiil has interests there valued
at $40,000. i-
Four years at'O Mr. Butters went to
South Africa in the interest of an English
mining capitalist. He has been remark
ably successful, having accumulated a for
tune of over $500,000 in that time. When
arrested he was aoout to leave the country,
homeward bound.
THE STOCKHOLDERS SUED.
Indorser of a Note Falls Back on Indi
vidual Liabilities.
OAKLAND, Cai... Jan. 18.— Suit was
filed against the Consolidated Piedmont
Cable Company to-day to recover $10,000.
It is for a note given March, 1593, to the
Oakland Bank of Savings and indorsed by
Mrs. Phebe A. Blair and P. A. Hunting
ton. The company never paid it, and in
August, 1594, Mrs. Blair had to pay it as
indorser. It has been transferred until it
came into the possession of John Yule,
who brings the suit.
He sues the stockholders of the road
upon their individual liability for the
note with accrued interest, which amounts
to ?1 1,933 33. The parties sued And amounts
claimed are as follows: C. K. Bishop,
$1984; Ira Bishop, $179 44; John L. Brad
bury, 712; G. F. Bowman, $1993; W.
C. Beatie, $538 34; W. J. Dingee, $394 77;
?E. A. Heron, $545 80; P. A. Huntington,
$2392 65; M. T. Ho!comb,s9o 92; Mont
gomery Howe, $205448; J. M. Mansfield,
$79 75; J. R. Spring, -77 30; J. H. T.
Watkinson $6«9 14.
ACCOMMODATING OFFICIALS.
How Assessor Daltou Will Assist County
Clerk .Jordan Registering Electors.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18.— County As
sessor Henry P. Dalton, who, by the re
cent opinion of District Attorney Snook to
the Board of Supervisors, it has been
found, shall assist in the registration of
electors in the county, has evolved a neat
scheme, which will cause all applicants for
registration to give his office a wide berth.
It is the duty of the Assessor's office to
collect a poll tax of $2 from every male
in the county between the ages of 21 ana
60 years. It has never been collected to
any great extent, for reasons best known
to those who have held that office. Mr.
Dalton says he will gladly assist the clerk
in registering the electors, and at the Fame
time will invite them to poy their poll tax.
In this way he hopes to save the office ex
pense and trouble in collecting the tax and
also to materially increase the revenue
from this source. . .
Collins President Now.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18.— At the an
nual meeting of the stockholders of the
California Bane to-day the following board
of directors was elected : Charles Jorgens,
Jacob Greenhood, J. W. Phillies, Anson
Barstow, Victor A. Metcalf, \V."W. Whit
man, D. Edward Collins, James P. Taylor
and Robert Bmihe.
The board of directors met and elected
D. Edward Collins, president; Jacob Green
hood, vice-president; Frank H. Brooks,
cashier. Greenhooi has beln the head of
the bank for years, but recently there was
a manipulation of stock, by which Mr.
Collins secured control of a majority of it.
The result was that Mr. Greenhood takes
the second place, while Mr. Collins oc
cupies the first.
Mr. Collins is also president of the bank
of William Collins & Sons of Ventura, the
cashier of which is J. S. Collins, his
brother. This bank has a surplus of j
) 000 and deposits amounting to $300,000.
They "Were Frightened. t',U : ;
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. What might
have been a fatal accident occurred last
night on the Twelfth-street dam during
the heavy rainstorm. The private carriage
of Attorney A. A. Moore, containing
Misses Ethel and Carmen Moore, Marian
Goodfellow, daughter of W. S. Goodfeliow,
■nd Covington Pringle, all of East Oak
land, was run down from the rear by a car
of the Haywards electric line without the
least warning.
•~ When the driver first heard the silent
but swift approaching car he had the
presence of mind to put the whip to his
animals and keep them going straight
ahead. This prevented an upset and gave
the motortnan an opportunity to stop his
car. The roadway is in such a deplorable
condition at the point mentioned that
teams have to be driven on the car track to
get across the estuary at all.
Defunct Insurance Company.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18.— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the defunct
Oakland Home Insurance Company was
postponed until the first Monday in May,
owing to failure to secure a. quorum.
There were only 323 shares of stock rep
resented out of a total of 2000 shares. The
only stockholders present were W. B.
Jones, Alaraeda; F. K. Shattuck, Berke
ley; J. B. Emery, V. D. Moody and O. P.
Sites, Oakland. They held 243 shares.
The shares represented by proxy were
Susannah Lanktry, J. B. Lanktry, W. F.
Blood and Nellie E. Blood, a total of 180.
The board of directors will hold over pend
ing the election of their successors.
Must Pay Attorney's Fees.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. IS.— Leon Gold
berg, one of the executors of the will of
Morris Goldberg, was in court to-day to
explain why he had not signed the checks
giving Attorneys Piilsbory and Eisner the
latest awards for counsel fees. He said
he understood that it was not to be paid
MAY E. BARRINGTON. MABEL CRABTREE. ANEE C. BARRINGTON. CHARLOTTE GRUEMIAGEN.
! until nil work was done, and that the fee
was $1500 instead of $2000 claimed by the
; attorney?.
Judge Frick directed Goldberg to pay
the amount allowed by the court, which
' I sum was $2000.
Asked for Mercy.
; OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18. —Thomas
Walsh, who wa« found guilty of stealing i
, blankets from a hotel in East Oakland,
i was to-day sentenced to six months in the .
, Count}' Jail. He had prepared a letter to !
i the court praying fur mercy. In this he
! claimed to have a position with the Iron j
Mountain Mining Company in Shasta ;
( County ;o resume April 25, and asked that ,
i he be allowed to go in time to accept the
work.
At the Macdonough.
OAKLAND, Cai.. Jan. 17.— The three;
ni^nta' engagement of tne favorite actress, j
Marie Wainwright, opens next Monday i
with "The Love Chase"; Tuesday, "An !
Unequal Match"; Wednesday, 'Camille." '
The great demand for seats assures large |
and fashionable audiences. Schilling's |
famous minstrels, with high-class special
ists and attractive novelties, will appear
for two nights, January 27 and 28.
Notes.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 18.— Edward D.
Judd's suit against T. D. Bpeddy has been
■ appealed from the Justices' Court of Ala
meda. It is a case where there was a de- j
posit on a land deal, but the sale fell j
through. The complaint referring to
Speddy says "he had the unmitigated gall !
to demand of plaintiff that be return the
$20 he had paid on said deposit."
1 T. J. Fish has filed a petition in insol
vency. He owes $570,5 80, of which
is to T. F. Fish on a promissory note. He
has property worth $5800, incumbered for
?2753. A note for $600 to the Oakland Garb
: age Company for the sale of their bu^i
i ness to him is put in asa liability«for $1, as |
i petitioner says it is conditioned "upon the '
business being a paying investment, which
it is not. The holders, he says, have
promised to cancel it, but have not as yet
done so.
A parlor of Native Daughters will be
formed to-day at 4 r. M. at Lornig Hall,
Eleventh and Clay streets. This ia the
fir.-t parlor of Native Daughters to be or
j ganized in Oakland.
The Sunday afternoon meeting of the
Oakland A. P. A. councils will be ad
dressed, by D. B. F. Huddleston, State
president of California, at 3 o'clock, at
Masonic Temple.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Say Francisco Call,)
008 Broadway, Jan. 18. j
The next meeting of the Ministerial Associa
tion of Oakland and vicinity will be held at
the Galindo Hotel, January 25, at 5 p. M. Each
pastor is expected to bring his wife.
The proposed test of Schaffer's garbage cre
matory, which was to have taken place yester
day afternoon at 4 o'clock, has been indefi
nitely postponed on account of the bursting of
a pipe.
Chairman OlaHs has called the State Central
Committee of the Prohibition party to meet In
the Albany Hotel at 2 r. m. February 20.
The meeting will be followed by a banquet in
the evening.
The new Harrison school has been presented
by Mrs. Charles Webb-Howard with a very
tine photogravure of Lincoln, handsomely
framed, and for the little ones some flags with
patriotic songs printed on them.
J. L. Waggoner of Dutch Flat, who recently
married Miss Ida L. Coursen ol this city, will
! return north Monday, where he is interested
in valuable miniiiK "property. Mrs. Waggoner
will remain in Oakland during the winter.
Rev. Dr.. Small and family have arrived in
Oakland from Dcs Monies lowa. Rev. Mr. Small
comes as pastor of the First Christian Church,
Hnd expects to make the coast his future home.
His health has been very poor and it is hoped
j that the change will benefit him materially.
A game of baseball will be played to-morrow
I at Nineteenth and Peialta streets, weather
, perininiiip. Jn the morning the Saturday
| J'res.s C'lud will meet the married men's
I picked nine. In the afternoon the Saturday
Press Club will play the Atlantics of San
Francisco at Alameda.
The garbage committee of the Council lias I
postponed the consideration of the bids for the
disposition of garbage until next Friday night.
I On that evening the Council will hold a special
| meeting and ratify the action of the commit- !
tee. On the samo night the Board of Public |
Works will meet and award the contract lor '■
disposing of the garbage.
S. A. Gilmore, a laboring man of this city,
who was visiting friends across the bay Thurs
<iny night, was held up by a footpad early yes
terday morning at the corner of Pacific and |
Van Ness avenues and relieved of about s=B.
Gilmore says he resisted and was struck over
the head with some kind of a blunt instru
ment, inflicting a bad scalp wound.
The directors of the Acme Club met last !
niglit, but took no action regarding the sus- i
pension of members from the Pacific Athle'ic t
Association. They decided to await the action j
of the association next.Tuesday night, which I
will be with reference to the examination of
several members of the Acme and Reliance I
clubs as to the value of trophies they have re- '
ceived.
THE vSAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' GRIT.
Making a State Tour for the
Purpose of Studying
Abroad.
SOME RARE INDEPENDENCE.
Have Already Received Enough En
couragement to Justify Them in
Carrying Out Their Plans.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Jan. 18. j
Three Oakland young ladies and one
from San Francisco, all native daughters,
have determined to receive the benefit of a
I finished musical education in Europe.
Not being the daughters of millionaires
they have found it necessary to earn the
: money for such a big undertaking. This,
I however, has not daunted them. They
have formulated a plan by which they
j hope to be able to gratify the ambition of
their lives. They have banded together
. and have decided to tour the State as a
female quartet. Every possible cent will
j be saved and by this means the European
I tour may be z. possibility. The necessity
of their taking this means is rendered
more imperative, owing to the fact that,
with one exception, all are fatherless.
The quartet consists of May E. Barring
ton, Mabel Crabtree, Anee C. Barrington
; and Charlotte Gruenhagen. They were
I mutual friends in the Saturday Morning
, Orchestra of San Francisco, and recently
I they banded for mutual beneiit. Last
| week they gave their first public concert
at the Petaluma Opera-house under the
auspices of the Petaluma Social Club, and
the affair was such a financial and social
success that the young ladies were greatly
encouraged.
Miss May E. Barrington is a soloist and
play? the viola, Miss Crabtree is an expert
j violinist, Miss Anee Barrington handles
j the cello and Miss Gruenhagen is well
■ known on both sides of the bay as a violin-
J Ist. They are assisted at the?e concerts
by Miss Pearl Noble and Miss Maude
Noble of Alameda, who play the cornet
and trombone respectively. Miss Pearl
is also a clever singer. Their itinerary
will include Oakland and San Francisco in
i the near future.
AN INDOOR BIKE RACER
Ingenious Contrivance by Two
Berkeley Men for Facil
itating Trials.
Got Back His Rig— Another West End
Liquor Raid— News Notes of
Interest
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 18.— The latest
and most ingenious contrivance which
has been made known for bicyclists is an
indoor training and racing machine. By
THE NEW INDOOR RACING MACHINE IN OPERATION.
its use the rider can be surrounded with
j practically the same conditions as he
■ would if he were pumping his bike along
a beaten country road or a well-kept race
track. The apparatus has been recently
invented by W. R. Stamper, an instructor
in practical mechanics at th« University of
California, and George S. Wilcox, a Berke
ley photographer.
It consists of two planks twelve feet
long and set three feet apart, upon which
I rest six rollers, set in ball bearings. Three
I of these rollers are for the use of each
| cycler. One of them is placed about four
| feet from the others, and upon this is sup
i posed to rest the front wheel of the bicycle.
I The hind wneel of the machine is intended
to rest on the other two rollers, which are
set about a foot apart. The drive-roller,
or the middle one, is connected to the
front one by a cylindrical leather belt, by
the use of which both the drive-roller and
the one upon which the front wheel of the
bicvclo rests may revolve with like
rapidity.
This simultaneous movement of the two
forward rollers is what keeps the bicycle in
position, and upon this single point rests
the entire success and practicability of the
apparatus. The third roller is wholly free
from any attachments and acts simply as
a steadying power for the hind wheel. To
the front roller is attached a rod which is
made to revolve by means of gearing with
each revolution of the roller itself. To the
end of this rod also is attached another
rod which is geared with such mechanical
accuracy that it registers on a dial each
sixteenth of a mile.
If used for an exhibition the wheelmen
who are to do the riding may come out
from behind the scenes on their wheels
and take their positions on the racing ma
chine without dismounting. The one
thing for which the device is particularly
remarkable is the fact that the riders can
maintain their ec.uilibrum with as little or
less effort than if on an ordinary racing
course. The best time made thus far on
this indoor racer is two minutes. The one
which Will ox & Stamper now have on ex
hibition will be used for the first time in
public at the next Olympic entertainment.
Charles Butters' Friends Alarmed.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Jan. 18.— The rela
tives of Charles Batters, the mining en
gineer and metallurgist who is now con
fined at Johannesburg, South Africa, by
the Boers for the evident purpose of con
fiscating his property, are very much
alarmed. A cablegram was received by
his mother last night, which read as fol
lows: "Charles Butters and six others
have been single' l out and placed by them
selves. Their property has been confis
cated. Prompt action is necessary in
order to save both lives and property."
Upon its receipt a telegram was sent to
Governor Budd asking that he request
President Cleveland to communicate at
once with Krnger, demanding protection
of Butters and his fellow-captives. No re
sponse from either Governor Budd or Pres
ident Cleveland was received up till late
last night. Harry batters, a brother of
Charles, who has recently returned from
South Africa and is in a position to appre
ciate the gravity of the present situation
there, left for Washington on the overland
to-night for the purpose of personally
seeking protection for the confined men
through the President. The property of
Charles Butters is valued at over $500,000,
wliien will all go to the Boers unless some
immediate measure is interpo&ed.
Got Back His Rig.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 18.— Sanitary
Inspector Frank Thompson is a happy
man. It will be remembered that he re
cently purchased at Sheriff's sale a horse
and cart which was taken from Fred
Fonzo to satisfy a judgment held against
him. Shortly after the sale Mrs. Fonzo
came forward and sued out a writ of re
plevin, claiming that the turnout belonged i
to her rather than her husband, and was
therefore exempt from attachment for his I
debts. Thompson's attorney after work
ing on the case for a time found that the
bondsman on the writ of replevin had not
qualified. Accordingly he went to the
hvery stable where the hortse was kept and
made a demand for it. The animal was
secured and turned over to Thompson,
much to Fonzo's displeasure. It is under
stood that Fonzo proposes to fight the case
to a finish.
West End Liquor Raid.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 18.— Marshal
Lloyd made another raid on illicit saloon
keepers yesterday afternoon and confis
cated a quantity of contraband liquor from
the premises of J. J. Higgins on University
avenue.
News Xotes of Interest.
The Woodmen of the World will hold a
public installation of officers on Tuesday
evening, January 21.
Joseph Lopez, a well-known West
Berkeley resident, aied at his home yester
day of pneumonia, after a short illness.
The funeral will be held to-morrow morn
ing from St. Joseph's Church.
The explosion of a lighted lamp last
night at the residence of Samuel Wright,
on Grant street, threatened the* destruc
tion of the house, but it was extinguished
before great damage was done.
All the native daughters over 18 years
of age residing in Berkeley are invited to
a preliminary meeting to be held in Lor
ing Hall, corner of Eleventh and Clay
streets, Oakland, for the purpose of form
ing a parlor.
THE CHANCE OF HIS LIFE
Councilmen Pass a Resolution
That Will Be Used as a
Boomerang.
WANT POINTS ABOUT SAVIN&
A Discovery Made in the Mayor's
Office That Will Provoke Much
Discussion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 18. f
As Mayor Davie was going through his
orders from the City Council to-day be
made a startling discovery. He discovered
a little resolution that caused him to
chuckle mightily. For a long time his
Honor has wished for just such an oppor
tunity. The resolution was a very inno
cent looking short affair, but it was so
clearly an invitation from the City Coun
cil to censure that body that the Mayor
decided to take immediate advantage of it.
The resolution authorized the Board of
Works, of which the Mayor is chairman,
to propose a plan by which $100 a month
can be saved from present expenditure to
provide a salary for a landscape gardener
for the city parks.
"Save $100 per month," said the Mayor.
"It is an easy matter to show them how
to save $1000. In the first place let us
begin right here in our Board of Works.
Commissioner Piersol should be made to
do his own work as City Attorney.
"The Council has voted $500 to pay able
attorneys to handle the Harrison-street
opening. Let them rescind that resolu
tion and that will support a landscape
gardener for five months. There is a
political ward in Piersol's office drawing
a salary of $75 per month. Give him an
opportunity to earn a living and that will
make $140(i for a year that can be saved.
Then put in a competent Superintendent
of Streets and the saving in material will
be about $100 per month. Then take steps
to cut the $500 from the annual salary oi
the Superintendent of Schools that he is
drawing in open detiance of the charter.
Then take the ordinance appropriating
$14,000 for the Eighth-street bridge and
make the water and railroad companies
pay their shares and that will save a few
thousands.
"Then reorganize the extra department
of the Fire Department and instead of
paying salaries to a lot of boys and in
capables, pay a few good salaries to some
competent men who will always be on
duty. This will be an improvement and
will save money.
"Save a hundred dollars a month!"
cried the Mayor. "Why, they're crazy.
I'll send them an answer to their resolu
tion only too willingly. I cannot express
my astonishment that any such resolution
should have been sent to the board. I
will send them a practical reply that will
be an answer to their query and to the
most elaborate defense of the dollar tax
levy that ever was prepared. It cannot be
sad, in this instance, that I forced my
communication upon them.
"Of course I do not know what recom
mendations Piersol and Wilson may make,
but they will hardly agree with me, as my
figures are too practical."
Then Mayor Davie called for Ms private
secretary and commenced to obey the
mandate of the Council.
THE ALAMEDA PREACHERS
Subjects Upon Which They Will
Base Their Sermons
To-Day.
Memorial Services of the Order of
Workmen —An Unappreci
ated Joke.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 18.— Rev. George
R. Dodson will preach at the Unitarian
Church to-day on "Studies of Life." Rev.
F. S. Brush will Droacii at the First Pres
byterian Church in the evening on "Con
ditions of Success, 1 ' being the third sermon
in r series to young people. Rev. W. T.
Jordan of the First Baptish Church will
take for his subject in the morning "Talk
ing and Doing"; in the evening, "The
Sleeping Sinner." Rev. Henry Victor
Morgan of the First Christian Church will
take tor his morning subject "The Sympa
thizing Christ"; for the evening, "Why
the Masses Are Not Reached," the latter
being the result of interviews with Ala
raeda clubmen as to why they do not at
tend church. R,ev. W. W. Scudder of the
First Congregational Church will take for
his morning subject "Witnessing With
Power"; for his evening, "Rescue From
Bin." Captain Isabel Wise of the Salva
tion Army will speak in the evening on
Salvation Army rescue work.
Salvationists to leave.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 18.— Captain and
Mrs. Maniey, who have bad charge of the
Salvation Army work in Alameda for six
months, have been ordered to Santa Rosa,
and will be succeeded by Captain Burke
and his lieutenant. Captain and Mrs.
Manley take with them the good will of
Alameda, for they have proved to be hon
est, earnest people.
Ladies' Auxiliary.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 18.— About fifty
ladies of the First Presbyterian Church
held their annual meeting Friday after
noon in the parlors of the church and
elected officers of their organization for
the ensuing year. All the officers were re
elected except Mrs. F. M. Branch, secre
tary, who declined another term, and
whose service and esteem were acknowl
edged by' the society in a rising vote. Mrs.
Branch is a sister of the late Mrs. H alford,
wife of the private secretary of ex-Prcsi- j
dent Harrison. The oilicersare as follows: i
President, Mrs. Caroline Fox; vice-presi
dent, Mrs. E. Y. Garrette; treasurer, Mrs.
P. W. Barton; secretary, Mrs. Morton;
board of managers — Mcsdames Ames,
Boyle, Morton, Smith, Bt-ardsley and De
Nise.
Memorial Services*
ALAMEDA, Oal., Jan. 18.— Memorial
services will be held by West End Lodge
No. 175, A. 0. U. W., at Holtz's Hall, next
Tuesday evening. An appropriate pro
gramme has been arranged, and Past
Grand Master Workman Barnes of San
Francisco will be the speaker of the even
ing.
A Bad Joke.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 18.— Manuel
Silva, colored, drove in a light spring
wagon up to Park street yesterday and
left the rig standing near Paci lie avenue,
when some boys daubed it and painted in
sulting words on it. Instead of consider
ing it as a joke he went before Justice
Morris and swore to a complaint on which
a warrant for arrest was issued, and the
two boys Were taken into custody for
malicious mischief.
WRECKED IN THE GALE.
A Young Sailor Loses His Craft
and Is Washed Onto
the Rocks.
On a Voyage to Bay Farm Island
When the Storm Overtook
Him.
Oakland Office San Fraxcisco Cam,.)
90S Bkoadway. Jan. 18. >
F. Lewthwaite of East Oakland, was
shipwrecked near Bay Farm Island dur
ing last night's pale, and although his
sloop was lost, he was fortunate enough to :
escape drowning. He was badly beaten
on the rocks and sustained many injuries,
and but for the timely arrival of an
Italian fisherman he would have fallen a
victim to the storm.
Lewthwaite left Oakland in the evening
to sail his sloop to Bay Farm Island.
When about half-way toward his destina
tion the tide turned, and with it the gale
sprang up and the lad knew that nothing
but the best of seamanship could save him.
"I tried all I could to beat off the rocks,"
said Lewthwaite this evening, "but no
sloop could beat against such fierce winds
and breakers. My sail blew away and the
next instant the boat half filled and was
carried on top of the breakers toward the
rocks. I tried to use the oars, but the
sloop was too large to be handled that
way. I could not even keep her head on
to the breakers, and so I prepared myself
to jump out and try to swim ashore when
it should be necessary.
"I drifted about till after midnight, and
just as the last train came up from the
mole the sloop struck the rocks. It
bounced up and down for a little while
ana the breakers rolled clear over her. At
last I saw that the sloop was doomed, and
as the wind was increasing I made up my
mind to try to get ashore. I jumped out
into the surf and was nearly knocked in- j
sensible on the rocks. 1 scrambled up j
toward the mole several times, but slipped :
back into the water.
"I struggled for about a couple of hours !
■ and was just about to give up, as I was I
| numbed with the cold and terribly bruised i
from the rocks, when I attracted the at- i
tention of a fisherman who was groping
his way down the mole to look after the
safety of his boat. It was one of the dark- i
est, wildest nights I have ever seen on the
bay and I never want to experience the
same again."
Lewthwaite is known as one of the
smartest young sailors on the bay, and
to-day he is only able to get about with
the aid of a stick.
IS NOT MISSING.
The Would-Be Benedict Has Merely
Gone Away to Better HU
Condition.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 18. »' |
The sensational story in regard to the j
mysterious disappearance of Eugene J.
Drussell of 918 Filbert street on
the eve of his wedding has been
exploded. The story was to the
effect that the young man, who
was in the employ of Stocker & Holland,
searchers of records, as a copyist is miss
ing. He had made love to Miss Ada M.
Weston, a young lady who was associ
ated with him in the work. The two had
arranged to be married last Wednesday
evening and go to housekeeping at once.
The bride-eleut had even so far as
to give up her position and made all the i
preparations for the great event of a girl's ;
life. The guests had all arrived and then !
the groom failed to appear.
The young man on investigation, the j
story goes on, had left his home with $80 j
with which to enjoy the honeymoon. That I
was the last his folks have seen of him. It !
was said that he had mysteriously left for
parts unknown and it" was hinted that
there was another girl at the bottom of the
affair. The story then goes on at length
berating the man and extending sympathy j
for a girl who should be placed in such an
unpleasant position.
The young lady referred to is a sister of :
Mrs. Max Glas of Alameda, who was seen
to-day regarding the affair, and said suffi- i
cient to destroy the effect of the whole ;
story. "Mr. Drussell was always a perfect j
gentleman," said she, "and acted perfectly ■
honorably with my sister. lam not wor
ried about his disappearance. He was not
getting sufficient to keep a wife where he
was working, and I have no doubt has
gone somewhere to accept a better posi- ,
tion. lam sorry the affair has gained so
much publicity as it has. It can result in
no good, and may injure the young peo
ple. When the time comes things will be
straightened out all right. We are not at
all worried over it."
The Red Sea takes its name from the
fact that portions of it are covered with
minute animalcules which dye the water.
NEW TO-DAY.
doctlr sweany,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIC
diseases of the head, throat, lunu-s, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels: kidney trouble.?, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture piles
varlcocele, hydrocele and' swelling of the glands!
liOss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry
baahfulness, failing memory and all the distress-
ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
anl permanently cured. Gonorrhoea. Oloec Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITE your troubles if living away from the
city and advice will be given you free of charge
Address F. L. SvVEAN'Y, M.D
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
Ban Francisco, C'al.
AUCTION SALES.
I At Auction
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY ..JANUARY 21, 1896
At 12 o'clock Xoosf
At 638 Market Street, Opp. Palace Hotel.
H.EIJB'ES^LDESE: SALE.
A GRAND PIECE OF BUSINESS
PROPERTY.
North Line of Golden Gate Avenue,
137:6 Feet West of Leaivenworth St.
This large piece of splendid business property i.i
on the north line of Golden Gate avenue, 137:8
feet west of Leaven worth street, only i.wo blocks
irora Market street and one block from the City
Hall, Enbernla Savings Batik and the Murphy
building. Improvements, fonr residences. This is
a i:>[u:iiitioent piece of property to improve with a
building for public or society halls, or modern
French flats with stores below. Improvements of
such character would pay largely on the invest-
ment. Car accommodation In every direction.
Golden Gate avenue bituminized. Large lot, 60:6
x 137:6 feet, with large L In the rear, --'2x5-1:6 feet.
For diagram of the property see catalogue.
Terms: Cash in gold coin or the United
States; 10 per cent at time of sale .to the referee;
balance on confirmation of sale by the Superior
Court. Deed at purchaser's expense. Second in-
stallment of taxes for fiscal year 1895 and 1896 to
be paid by the buyer. Rents to be adjusted be-
tween buyer and seller when the deed is passed. ■
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY
South Side (No. 411) of Post. 115:4 Feet
West of Powell Street.
This handsome piece of downtown business prop-
erty is in the very center of our business district,
and its future high rank as rental ; property is be-
yond controversy. Examine this for an Invest-
ment. Keutss6lso. Lot, 23:2x81 feet.
INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
SW. Corner liuker and Grove Streets.
This elegant improved corner comprises three
very handsome bay-windowed residences of ten
rooms and bath each. Xos. 4/.1, 423 and 426 Ba-
kor street. Modern improvements: elegant sur-
roundings. Items $150 per month. Only two
blocks from Golden Gate Park, and on the great
driveway to same. Choicest residence location in
the city. Electric and cable cars. Large corner
lot, 652:6x100 feet.
ELEGANT INVESTMENT-MISSION.
SE. Corner of Caj.p and Adair Sts., bet.
15th and 16th, Howard and Mission.
j . This handsome bay-windowed modern property
j consists of store and three French flats of seven,
! six and four rooms and bath. Electric appliances,
j etc. Producing a rental of $91 per month. Basalt
! blocks in street; cement stone walk. Electric and
cable cars. Corner lot, '25x75 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
North Line (No. 1930) of Pine, S3: 11 fee»
East of Laguna Street.
Pretty bay-windowed residence of eight rooms
and bath. California, Sacramento and Sutterstreet
cables. Kxamiiie this fora home. Must be sold.
Lot 22:11x91:8 feet.
CASTRO HEIGHTS-COTTAGE.
South Side (No. 533) of Jersey, 160 feet
East of Diamond (Street.
Pretty cottage of four rooms and bath bay-win-
dowed; brick foundation; pleasant surroundings;
Twenty-fourth electric and Castro-street cable.
Lot 26:3x114 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
038 Market street. Auctioneers.
ROADSTERS AND
TROTTING HORSES.
.£2& " A+*k Jfc£s s&S
Property of C. C. Mclver, 11. C. Cassidy,
F. C. Talbot, A. Hirschman,
I. de Turk and others.
AT-:- AUCTION,
TUESDAY. J.WIAKY 21, 1896,
AT 11 A. it., AT
Salesyard, Cor. Van Sess In. & Market St.
Horses at Yard nary 18 th.
Catalogues now ready.
KILL.IP & CO., Livestock Auctioneers,
30 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
TRUSTEE SALE.
TO-MORROW.
Monday January 20. 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
3316 Harrison Streot,
....I WILL 8EI»L ... '
LOT OF FINE WORK HORSES,
Carts, Wagons, Harness, Etc. •
■T. J. RAUKR. Trustee.
GRATEFUBi-CQMFORTINa.
EPPS'S COCOA
BREAKFAST-SUPPER .
•T> V A THOROUGH KNOWLEDGE OF THB
J-> natural laws which govern the operations oi
digestion and nutrition, and by a careful applica-
tion af the line properties of well-selected Cocoa,
Mr. Epps has provided for our breakfast and «uppef
a delicately flavored beverage, which may save ua
many heavy doctors' bills. It Is by the judicious
use of such articles of diet that a constitution m»7
be gradually built up until strong enough to resist
•very tendency to disease. Hundreds of subtle
maladies are floating around us, ready to attacks
wherever there is a weak point. We may escape
many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well forti-
fied with pure blood and a properly nourished
frame."— Civil Service Gazette.
Made simply with boiling water or milk. 8014
only in half-pound tins, by grocers, labeled thus:
JAMES EPPS & CO.. Ltd., Homoeopath!*
Chemists, London, England.
THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
— — OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
MLWOSfiWOQ
Chinese Drugs JBjr %-^M
and Tea ami Herb B?
Sanitarium, Br
I 776 CLAY BTKEET, JgL ■-^ <■
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, KS?f 4K^ *3
. Ban Francisco. w^f *5^ /%
■1 . have been troubled ■ m A . • mff
lor two years with in- W /iLa<\ it- -.
fiammation of the lungs k BiffL ' t J A
and heart' disease, and? *fi*^S 1 3
was unable to flnd re- &..T8* 11 ? Jg\ .«j?5
lief by any physician gLeS^~-,.jM^l^S LJ&9
1 was treated for thre. f^W^C^f S^S
| weeks by Dr.AVonij'wiv.HH W&&&^ds?\^
ami perfectly restored to ffi)&e3&&kx*fZmtithm
health. JOHN RKGI.r, EttVaMiKMi «iS%?S& W/JSt
Six Mile House, Mission Road. * .
Uflice hours: 9:30 to 11 a. it.; 1 to 3, 7t09 T. H
Baja California
I Damiana Bitters
i Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for the
1 sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and a
irreat remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigorator and Nervine.
Sells on its own Merits— long-winded testi-
monials necessary. •■■ ■"■•<■■
SABiIK, ALFS * BKUNE, Agents,
' 323 Alurket tit., S. I'.-t^end for Circular.)
1314
WADDILL'S WHITE
WIFE HAS ELOPED.
Colored Barber Deserted and
Child and Money Also
Gone.
A RICH MAN'S DAUGHTER
Mrs. Waddill Ran Away From
Home and Married When
Sixteen Years Old.
THREE YEARS IN THIS CITY.
She Has Lived in Seclusion on Jessie
Street, Near the Rear of the
Palace Hotel.
Mrs. W. M. Waddill of 189 Jessie street,
the white wife of a prosperous young
colored barber, has disappeared and her
husband thinks that she has eloped. She
MRS. W. M. WADDILL.
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
went away three days ago, taking her
three-year-old son, a bright and pretty
mulatto boy.
A bankbook with entries of savings to
the amount of $1100, standing in the boy's
name, is also gone, and Mr. "Waddill says
that his wife had $70 in cash at the time of
her departure.
Behind tie record of this 'disappearance
ending nearly three years of life in San
Francisco, is the story of a girl's marriage
at the age of 16 years— away from home
and without the consent or knowledge of
her wealthy father.
Mrs. "vVaddill was a Montreal girl. And,
indeed, she is hardly more than a girl now,
for although she is the mother of a three
year-old child and has been married five
years, she is but 21 years old.
George W. Bukel, the wealthy owner of
a Montreal flouring-mill, is the father of
the young woman, and the marriage to
"Waddill was without his consent. Wad
dill, as the deserted husband relates the
Btory, was employed by Bukel in connec
tion with the milling business. He was a
Willie Waddill. the Deserted Barber's
Three-Year-Old Son.
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
bright and industrious young man, and
through the confidence his employer had
in him he worked his way up to the posi
tion of traveling agent.
The youthful colored man frequently
met the younger of Mr. Bukel's two daugh
ters—Sarah Bukel— and a mutuai attach
ment was formed, though Miss Bukel was
at that time a mere schoolgirl of 14 years.
After a while Waddill gave up his position,
why is not stated, and he went away from
Montreal.
Later, however, Miss Bukel went to
visit her married sister, whose home is in
"Winnipeg, and there she and Waddill met
again. They were married on February
5, 1891, at the sifter's house, Waddill
alleges, and for a time they remained at
Winnipeg. Waddill established a barber
shop there. After tbat the couple lived at
various places, three years ago reriioving
to Chicago. They remained at Chicago
during the World's Fair and then came to
San Francisco to attend the Midwinter
Fair.
It was the intention of the Waddilla to
remain in San Francisco only a short
time, but they liked the City and con
cluded to remain here. The husband
opened a barber-shop at 189 Jessie street
and fitted up the second story of the build
ing as his home. There the family has
lived in seclusion, Mrs. Waddill helping
her husband in the shop at times, but
mingling little in society of any kind.
"She always seemed to be happy here,"
said Mr. Waddill yesterday, " and I was
astonished to lind that she had run away.
She never said- anything about going and
never even hinted that she wanted to go.
ller parents may have wanted her to re
turn to Canada, but I am very sure that
she has not gone to them.
"Yes, the family is rich — very rich, in
deed. My wife's father, Mr. Buhel, is one
of the wealthy citizens of Montreal. He
owns a very important milling business,
and he also has valuable interests at Nor
man. Ont. Mrs. -WaddiU's uncle is Hiram
Walker of the rich whisky lirrn of
WaJker <fc Sons of Walkersville, Ont.
"I do not think that Sadie has gone to
her relatives, and my opinion is that she
has eloped. There was a young white
fellow that used to come here some, and
she may have gone with him, but I don't
want to accuse ncr of that until I know.
"We were always prosperous and I gave
my wife a good home. When we came
here I put $1100 in the savings bank for
our son Willie. The money was in il
lie's name and I was the trustee. My wife
has taken the child and the bankbook
with her. Of course, she can't get the
monej, and neither can I, so it will re- j
main in bank for the little one. Besides
the bankbook my wife took about $70 of
cash that we had in the house."
Mr. Waddill says that some time ago his
wife became jealous and that she may
have run away on that account. "Some
body told her that I was acquainted with
a young French lady," is the barber's
statement. "She did not like that; but
the assertion was entirely untrue."
Mr. Waddill acquired some familiarity
with the French language at Montreal;
but he declares that he has no French ac
quaintances here.
A detective has been engaged to search j
for the young wife, and if she can be
found Mr. WaddiU will endeavor to per- j
suade fier to return.
Y. M. C. A. WON.
Lick School Defeated at Football by
the Lightweight Eleven.
Score 6 to O.
The Y. M. C. A. lightweight football
team defeated the California School of
Mechanical Arts yesterday afternoon, at
Central Park,' by a single touchdown,
scored about the middle of the first half.
In consequence of their victories over
much heavier teams the Christian Asso
ciation juveniles are now eager to meet
any eleven on the coast the average
•weight of which does not exceed 140
pounds. Yesterday's contest was the
sixth of the season, and they have not met
with a single defeat. They have played
two tie games with Lowell High School
and will try conclusions again a week from
next Saturday, when they hope to settle
the rivalry in their favor.
The Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
is scheduled for a game on February 1, to
be played in San Rafael. The Trinity
School eleven is another team that the
ambitious youths have on their list.
The play yesterday was characterized by
persistent line bucking, directed princi
pally against the tackles. For the Y. M.
C. A. GaDlain Davidson distinguished
himself for his heavy bucking, and Frank
Bishop, his partner halfback, also did
good work. For the Lick School Speckt
was the most evident of successful players,
while Captain Forbes, Tillruan and Hub
bard got into the plays with a knack that
would have been commendable in more
experienced players.
Ronalson, Lick's center rush, was in
jured in one of the downs and had to be
removed. At first it was believed his leg
had been broken, but an examination at
the Receiving Hospital showed only a
slight sprain of the right ankle.
Like the Butte-Olympie game on Christ
mas, where both teams happened to have
the same club colors — red and white — so it
was with the Y. M. C. A. and the Lick
School with their red and yellow, which
made it impossible to distinguish the
partisans by the colors they sported.
Following aie the teams as they faced
each other:
tV.M.C. A. t Positions. • Lick School.
J. Keller, 125 li- end R ...Speckt. 118
H. Brandon. 126. ..L. tackle R...Capt. Forbes, 133
J. Bishop, 13a L. guard R Watkins. 135
E. Duden. 162 Center •[ Ronalson, 152
I Wilson, 153
J. Hamilton, 155... X. guard L..... \ --Wlson, 153
• * I Johnson.
I* Symmes, 130. ... R. tackle L .....Rice, 128
J. Pitchford. 113 ...R. end L Mnry, 125
B. Sawyer, 80,.... "..Quarter ...Pray, 116
Capt.W. Davidson, } x '- half „ Lone- 148
j^y ; _ _VJL.naliß Long, 148
F. Bishop." 13 i". .'.'.'.. R. half L Tlllman, 125
Ed i]lshop. 140 Full Hubbard, 142
Touchdown— V. M. C. A., 1, by J. Keller. Goal—
Y. M. C. A., 1, by }.. synini-s. : -- . i ;
Score— Y. M. C. A.. 6; Lick School, 0.
Halves— 3s minutes.
Attendance— looo, '
Officials; Referee, Simmons, Columbia A. C,
WashiiiKtoii, D. C; - umpire, '• Kid " Uilborn, Uni
versity of California: linesmen— Cope, Lick School,
»nd Wilson, ex-sstanford University.
Cayenne Pepper in His Eyes.
John Murphy and Dick Wreden, sailors on
board the ship City of Sydney, were drinking
in a saloon on Jackson and Kearny streets
early yesterday morning when they quarreled
ana Murphy threw cayenne pepper in Wre
den s eye*. Murphy was arrested and charged
at the California-street station with a felony
and Wreden was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where his eyes were attended to. It will
take some time before he is able to see with
tli em again.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
IT ENDED IN A LAUGH
A Fee Which, While Not Cut,
Caused Consternation Among
Counsel.
JUDGE COFFEE MISUNDERSTOOD.
J. D. Sullivan Received $9000 When
He Expected $20,000 Under the
Court's Ruling.
The Blythe case has ended in a laugh —
a long, loud, ridiculous laugh, which
raised such a disturbance in the western
corridors of the City Hall that Judge
Coffey's bailiff had to come out of the
courtroom and yell for order. No one
thought that the proceedings of yesterday
would include any more than the mere
signing of the decree, but there were hopes
enough for a cityful dashed to the carpeted
floor of the courtroom and a cutting of
claims which made the claimants even
laugh at the ludicrous aspect of the whole
thing.
It was the cutting of the claims which
caused it all, and singularly enough the
big claim of J. D. Sullivan, upon which the
laugh centered, was not cut at all. Mr.
Sullivan expected to receive $20,000 under
Judge Coffey's ruling of Friday evening,
but he was allowed only $9000, and the
Judge said he had never had any idea of
giving him more. It was a loss of a phan
tom $11,000.
The session of yesterday was for the
purpose of hearing the rights and argu
ments of the claim of J. T. Greaney for
$2500 against the estate of Philip A. Roach
and the Blythe estate. It had been agreed
among the attorneys and Mrs. Hinckley
that in consideration of the attorneys for
the Roach estate consenting to the settling
of the accounts of the administrators, the
claim of Greaney should be paid. But
Judge Coffey would not allow it at all. and
then Garret McEnerney, who represented
the Roach estate, announced that he
would not stand by the agreement to con
sent, and would oppose the decree of dis
tribution. The court was firm, however,
ami refused to allow the fee. Then Judge
Coffey asked for the decree settling Pub
lic Administrator Freese's account and
also the fees of his attorney, J. D. Sullivan.
Herbert Chovnski passed up a type-writ
ten document and Judge Coffey took up
his pen. But a frown gathered on the
judicial countenance and he turned to the
attorneys to say severely, "This decree is
all wrong."
There was a flutter among counsel, for
no one knew just where the decree was
wrong, but the court soon enlightened
them.
"This decree," he said, "is drawn up so
as to allow Mr. Sullivan $20,000. That is
all wrong. I never allowed Mr. Sullivan
any such sum."
A bombshell could not have caused a
greater flurry. Mr. Sullivan was striding
up and down the corridor outside the
courtroom, but he seemed to catch the
news at once and came into the court in a
hurry. "I so understood your Honor,"
said Chovnski, as he took the paper which
the Judge shook at him. "I certainly un
derstood last night that your Honor had
allowed this fee."
"1 did no such thing," replied the court
"1 stated clearly and distinctly that I
would not allow the fee."
"I understood your Honor to say you
would allow it," interposed Mr. Sullivan.
"1 did no such thing," said the court.
"But I can bring twenty-live witnesses
I from the courtroom who will swear that
| you did."
"You can get any one to do as much
i swearing as you please, Mr. Sullivan. I
i will not argue the question."
"I can get fifty who will swear to It,"
I persisted Sullivan. "The court allowed
this fee last night, and I object to the
court changing its ruling in such a man
| ner."
"The court stated clearly that the fee
! would not be allowed."
"I did not so understand it," said
Choynski, but ho only brought wrath
upon his head.
"You are not an attorney of record In
I this case, Mr. Choynski, and will please
not enter this argument. Mr. Rix, did
yon bo understand it?"
"I— l— don't know— your Honor—"
commenced Rix, wishing to be non-com
mittal.
"I know that the court did allow the fee
last night," said Sullivan.
"It doesn't make any difference what
I the court ruled last night. I say now that
, the fee is not allowed. The record is the
i only evidence in the case."
"Well, let's have the record read," said
| half a dozen of the attorneys, but the court
j stopped them.
"I will not have any more of this." the
i Judge said. "Change that decree to $15,000
i including the $6000 already paid."
! "I except to this change of ruling," said
; Sullivan. "I will appeal from the order."
"Change that decree and I will sign it,"
said the court.
''I won't change it," answered Sullivan,
putting the paper in his pocket ; "they can
change it if they want to," and then all
but Hart and Rix trooped out into the
corridor.
Then they laughed. Sullivan as loud and
long as the rest, for the situation was ridic
ulous. Even the newspapers had gathered
different ideas from the Judge's remarks
of the night before, and their reports varied
accoidingly. Then every one commenced
explaining, each at the top of his voice
and each as fast as his tongue could wag.
They talked and argued and laughed and
shouted until riot seemed to have hold of
the place, and the bailiff had to shoo the
crowd further up the ball where the noisy
attorneys coulu not disturb the proceed
ings going on in the court.
In the midst of it all McEnerney gave
notice to Captain Freese that not a cent of
the $79,000 he holds in his hands should be
paid until the appeal from the decision
disallowing Greaney's cJaim, and Captain
Freese said he would see about it. Then
Sullivan went back into the court. He
still believed that the Judge had actually
decided to allow the $20,000 fee, and he or
dered the shorthand reporter to write up
such parts of the testimony as related to
the ruling so queerly misunderstood. The
stenographer wrote ur> the proceedings,
and he handed Sullivan the following as
his draft of the Judge's ruling:
This lady has agreed to pay Mr. Sullivan $26,
--000, including what he has received. She
wants to keep her agreement. I think a very
liberal compensation would be if 15,000 for the
same services. As to this amount, against
which I oiled Mr. McKnerney, not in prejudice
ot his client, who is here (Mr. Greaney), so far
as his accounts are concerned, tnat "does not
apply here. If this lady is goinn to be a phil
anthropist, so far as lawyers are concerned.it
is her right after the estate goes out of court.
I think, myself, compensation would be liberal
at about $15,000, and that far in excess of the
estimates, and that is why I make the turmoil
over these lost papers. That is far in excess of
the estimates placed upon the services of the
attorneys of the late Mr. McAllister by the liv
ing Judpe John Garber and by the living ex-
Judge Robert Y. Havne. That was in excess of
what they stated.
I state that now from memory— of course I
may safely state it since the records are de
stroyed without fear of contradiction ; and if
I should be contradicted 1 can only be contra
dicted by the developments of these records
by the persons who destroyed them— that the
testimony was there inane that for services for
the first attorney in the estate, comprehending
a period of some years, for which he was paid
about half in that time, $12,500— 525,000
would be a good compensation. He subse
quently received $120,000 as compensation
fora period. I presume he received about
$80,000, if 1 am right in my figures.
Mr. .Sullivan, who is entitled to as much con
sideration as any of them, is ftbo,ut to receive
$26,000, and the court now states its opinion
the services will be liberally compensated at
$ 15,000, and that had the attorneys preceding
him been paid proportionately in like manner,
tiou would have received liberal compensa-
I aidn t think the administrators, who have
been receiving their fees and who are for the
most part attending to other business, Captain
n e ?f w i 10 co .nducts a large outside business
ana Mr. Pennie and Mr. Roach, who had other
estates (many other estates.lto take care of, and
a? Penni e likewise, and all of whom, living
and dead are good men ; I have nothing to say
a^\ U .V the condu ct of the administration, cx
ii P t at whlch »s to their credit, to each and
au 01 , them. They received these amounts for
an" w a t tlng as administrators, without doing
[I would be willing to stay another hour if I
hau your fee instead of looking at mv watch,
General Hart.]
it I J 1 ,'- I . nk *£ is a matter of legal principle and
J i y that thi<i estate should have been
graded as other estates. I have given my
>P i?, of the value of - M r- Snllivan's services.
Mrs. Hinokley will give him what is better
tnan my opinion, the amount she agreed upon.
\r \V v have t0 sa >' about th >s- I will give
Mr. Meknerney until to-morrow morning to
produce some citations upon this point.
The remark to Mr. Hart was made be
cause that gentleman wearily looked at
nis watch during the Judge's remarks.
At the close of the words quoted, Mr.
builivan was jubilant. Had not the court
said: "Mr. Sullivan, * * * who is
about to receive $25,000," and was that not
enough to warrant his friends wringing
ms bands and speaking of future loan??
l.»e friends thought so, and had crowded
around him with congratulations.
After this, when the ruling they ex
pected was so changed, it caused conster
nation at first and then bursts of iaughter.
Later in the day the decree was fixed up
in the form dictated by Judge Coffey,
MRS. CLhOPATRA. HILL.
[From a photograph by ButhnetU]
and that and the decree of final distribu
tion were signed. The question now arises
an to what effect Greaney's appe.il will
have, out it is more than probable that
Mrs. Hinckley will settle that as well as
Mr. Sullivan's fee herself.
A BURGLAR'S HASTY EXIT
He Entered the Residence of|
General Dimond, but Se
cured Nothing.
Mrs. John Jarboe, a Guest, Was
Awakened and Frightend the
House-Breaker Away.
A lone burglar effected an entrance
into the residence of General W. H. Di
mond, which is situated at the corner of
Washington and Taylor streets, early yes
terday morning, but fortunately before he
succeeded in looting the house he
awakened one of the occupants, who raised
an alarm. He made a hasty exit, but was
captured as soon as he reached the side
walk by Policeman Amos Williams.
Before the burglar succeeded in getting
into the house he tried three of the rear
windows, but these were securely fastened
and he was forced to abandon his under
taking. He then went to the south side of
the dwelling and managed to force the
dining-room window.
He entered the dining room and it was
presumed was making his way to the room
occupied by General Dimond, but he lost
nis bearings and entered the room occu
pied by Mrs. John Jarboe, who is a guest
of Mrs. Dirnond. Mrs. Jarboe was awak
ened by the burglar's fumbling about the
room in the darkness, and the lady suppos
ing it to be her son, Paul Jarboe, asked
him what he wanted. The house-breaker
made no answer, but ran downstairs and
jumped out of the window through which
he had a few minutes before effected an
entrance to the house.
He made his way to the sidewalk, but
was observed coming through the yard by
the policeman, who immediately placed
him under arrest. He cave the name of
Charles Miller.
The prisoner was taken to the Central
police station and detained to await an
investigation. No charge has as yet been
placed against him, andit is presumed
that he is an old hand at the lawless vo
cation, which has placed him behind the
bars.
MUST USE CLEAN FEED.
Milk and Bog Ranchers Warned for the
I.ukt Time by the Board of
Health.
Health Officer Lovelace is determined
that the new milk ordinance and the sani
tary regulations now existing shall be
rigidly enforced in the future. Yesterday
all the dairy-owners in the City and
County received the following peremptory
notification to feed their cattle wholesome
food:
Health Department. (
City and Coitnty of San Francisco, Cal. j
Last Notice— You are hereby notified to im
mediately discontinue feeding animals on
swill, refuse, garbage or butcher's offal. See
section 2, No. 2300, General Orders, Board of
Supervisors.
Any further violation of this section by you
will cause your arrest.
A. s. Lovelace, M.D., Health Officer.
Hog ranches will also be closely looked
to in this matter, and it is not intended to
cive much further time for compliance
with the order.
From an artistic point of view a woman's
face is said to be more beautiful when
viewed from the left.
PURSUING HER HUSBAND.
Mrs. Cleopatra Hill Seeks a
Divorce . on the Grounds
of Desertion.
HAS JOINED HIS FIRST WIFE.
. ■
All the Parties Are Prominent in
Oakland, Fresno and Local
Social Circles.
Attorney Porter Ashe, with the assist
ance' of the strong arm of the law, is
searching high and low for H. "W. Hill,
well known in business circles and until
quite recently proprietor of a drugstore
on Howard street.
Mr. Ashe's anxiety concerning the
whereabouts of the erstwhile druggist is
founded in the fact that he has a pretty
little client who is tired of her husband's
cruel ways and seeks redress in the di-
vorce courts. The husband is aware of
this, and he makes it his daily business to
keep away from people he does not know.
The attorney says, however, that unless
he comes forward and acknowledges ser
vice like a brave but erring knight, ne will
resort to the press, which in cases of this
kind do just as effective work as a score of
peace officers.
Bnck of this hunt for a missing husband
lies a pretty little romance, which had its
origin in Oakland some eight years ago.
At that time H. W. Hill, a druggist of
Oakland, wooed and won Miss Kitty Cham
berlain, the possessor of a handsome for
tune, and a great favorite in the 6ocial
world of the city across the bay. For
three years their domestic life was appar
ently one unruffled season of perfect bap
pin ess, and then something occurred which
is not down on the calendar of every day
events.
Miss Cleopatra Griffiths, a daughter of
S. \V. Griffiths of Fresno and a sister of
Banker S. N. Griffiths of the same place,
came to Oakland for a brief visit. It was
not long before she met Mr. Hill.
The druggist paid such marked atten
tion to Miss Griffiths as to arouse first the
jealousy and then the suspicion of his
wife that all was not as it should be. A
few months later Mrs. Hill applied for and
secured a divore and three days later Hill
married his second charmer.
For three years, according to the second
Mrs. Hill, all went well. They lived as
happy as love and money could make
them, and then the fickle druggist began
to amuse himself by seeking the society of
other ladies.
"His former wife seemed to think the
time had come for a grand coup," said
Mrs. Hill, "and she began to employ the
samp charms and wealth which had eight
years ago proven so irresistible. By de
grees her efforts told, and about seven
months ago Mr. Hill closed up his busi
ness with the avowed intention ox eoing to
Los Angeles to seek new iields. He told
me to await his return and I was foolish
enough to agree.
'•Well, he left, and I think really did go
to Los Angeles, drawn thither by the
charms of his first wife, and during the
three months he was gone not one cent did
he contribute to the support of myself or
little child. One day, about four months
ago, he suddenly returned to the City and
announced to me that he intended to go
back to his first and only love, and that I
could look out for myself. He intended,
he said, to make a flying trip to the East
and his divorced wife would accompany
him. She did co, the couple returning a
few weeks ago.
"He has visited me once since then, but
only to threaten my life should I take any
steps toward securing a divorce. I have
proof to back up all I say concerning his
conduct, and I intend to be free from such
a vile and fickle man."
Mrs. Hill is determined not to be de
pendent on her family for support, and,
with a view of providing some permanent
life work, is fitting herself for the stage.
She expects to make her debut in the
early spring, alter which it is her purpose
to organize a company of her own and
seek fame in new fields.
Their Comrade's Mother.
On December 20 David Hosran of 1535J4
Howard street died at the early age of 24
years, leaving his nged mother destitute and
alone In the world. Hogran was a plumber
and all his wages were spent for his mother's
benefit. He was an enthusiastic member of
the drum corp ot the Second Artillery Regi
ment. His comrades in the regiment upor
learning that Mrs. Hogan was in "need of their
sympathy and assistance at once began to
work in her behalf. Within a short lime ar
rangements were made for a ball, which took
Elace last evening for her benefit, which was
eld in the armory hail, on Gough and Page
streets. The attendauce was large.
The house in which George 111 was born
is still standing at the bank of Norfolk
House, in St. James square, London. It
is a dwarf Hanoverian building, almost of
the cottage type, and has been used for
many years as a servants' and stable
house.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
CURTAINS!
PORTIERES!
BLANKETS!
EXTRAORDINARY VALUES!
At $1.00 per Pair.
750 pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in both white
and ecru, bound edges, 15 different designs.
At $1.50 per Pair.
1000 pairs NOTTINGHAM GUIPURE LACE CUR-
TAINS, in both white and ecru, 3O different de-
signs.
At $2.50 per Pair.
200 pairs CHENILLE PORTIERES, with fringed ends
and handsome dadoes, all new colors.
At $3.00 per Pair.
400 pairs FINE CHENILLE PORTIERES, latest color-
ings and all pretty designs, fringed both ends,
with handsome dadoes.
At $4.00 per Pair.
cases WHITE MISSION BLANKETS, assorted bor-
ders, size 62x76.
At $5.50 per Pair.
6 cases FINE WHITE MISSION BLANKETS, extra
heavy, size 72x82.
The above goods are direct from the
manufacturer to the consumer.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
j
Ith^s rolled into puolTc favor
The largest piece of
Good tobacco
\a# %g^ Ssse^ vVUUvvV/
ever sold forio cents
Choice Bulbs and Piants.
/^^^^ps^.|%^^V, We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
ifjfK^^^M^^^^'^k^i Set A— 3 licautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants, 50c
' F WY^ffiP^* 1>5 >o' ) ' ■>• H—lo I.ovely Carnations, 10 sorts 50 C Any
J&jsLl 1 $7QKsUsijßsß£s£SZL~. C— lo I'rize-winiiinfj Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts SOc nll J
&B&fBkxsL nGJ2SMffi&&Bs& t>— s Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds SOc 3 Sets
«50CJTRIAL SllS
Choice Bulbs and Plants.
c prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants 50c
B— lo Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts 50c Any
C— lo Prize-winmnßChrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c '
D- 5 Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
E— s Grand large-flowered Geraniums, 5 kinds..soc __„
*l\(Kr^Vsll^SV\ A Sill - 10 K ant everbloomin Roses, 10 kinds 50c tt ,% X
'^ K— lo Flow n ? Plants, viz: 1 Fuchsia, 1 Heliotrope, S> I "2?
Siwß *'--'~" 1 1 Manettia Vine, I Carnatiou, 1 Geranium, OR
\f '/^HJo' 1 Solaum, 1 Petunia, 1 Abutilon, 1 Hydran- 5 Sets
'■■'A kb g-ea, 1 Chrysanthemum 50c
• *" ' •»■-»: 'in iK.i.iini..|. . m •' plants New Calif. Violet, Fo *-
-12 Violet Plants, 50c. 3^ c ,^ aarei cI S O uYse ley S2i5P
Send for mil* r ' lv - strated Catalogue. It contains a
v *-' vllu lUI ULtl complete list of our Flower, Vegeta-
"^^^B Wtti 38 &&s£/* nle, Grass, Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
' Fruits; our latest importations from Germany, France, F.ngland
■; : ' : _ J^-.- Australia and Japan; all the Latest Novelties in Flower and V-ce-
ubieseeds. cox SEED AND PLANT co san Francisco •
"*" / --v 4", 413 Sensome StreetFamily Arms
of San francisco People.
FRANCISCO can boas', of
i^, many families whose armorial
hearings have been the pride of
generations, and although we live
ie these outward sem
:racy are, if the truth be
told, as wai • ■ as thc - v niight
beifadt^ George 111 ruled over
the land.
One of the City's matrons boasts a line
of aiis. iding forty-rive forefathers
entitle i t' l wear the ermine, while another
family can show a genealogical tree of;
. at might be styled j
the tap-i ''• Among our residents is a
lineal descendant of the brother of the
- cf lib Country, and a society lady
. • having .Mrs. Martha Custis as
• mes prandnunirna.
Coats-of-arme are incorporated in tne
- of some of the most preten-
Lons, as well as several humbler j
s, and crests with symbolic figures .
and time-honored mottoes ornament the !
.cry and. in some instances, the
ised by the occupants. Then the
panels of numerous carriage doors show
iruiorial bearings of their owners'
warlike ancestors.
Mrs. K. W. McKinstry is allied on the
maternal Bide to the famous Livingston
family of New York, whose pedigree can
be traced to the Earls of Linlitugow and
- :'and. Rev. John Living
stone, a Scotch divine who lived Jate in
nth century, was the direct an
deon, Robert Livingstone,
grated to New Amsterdam in Kw4,
twenty years later was granted a
in New York by Governor
Thomas Dongan. A representative of this
family signed the Declaration of Inde
pendence . eamboat, Robert
n'a beloved Clermont, made its trial
trip up the Hudson to the estate of Mrs.
McXii andfather. That pride of
architecture, the capitol at Albany, has
rmer windows devoted to the'eoats
of-arms of the Livingstons, Stuyvesants,
SchuyJers, Tompkinses, Jays and Clintons.
The I coat-of-arms contains, on
a" ci shield, the arms of the
ermined families of Linlitbpow and Cal
'■■ -■ ■:■■ ETepl urns.
The Linlitbf a demi-Hercules
the dexter hand a club, in the
r a snake, all surmounting the
llf I can). The portraits
of most of the old-time Livingstons adorn
of their fail nt.
: the late James Otis, once
Mayor of San Francisco, have a coat-of
bich is delineated an arm em
:. The Otises are descendants of the
• nary patriot whom John Adams
.nated "a flame of tire." The resi
•>f the earlier ancestry of the family
England.
The Kip family, whose armorial bearings
grace their carriage, are descendants of
Ruloff de Kype, a Norman bard, whose
• -were close to Alencon. Tw aac Ky;.e
Obtain* d a large j.'rant of land in the New
York colony in 1657 and erected the same
8- a manor by patent, in 1688, for his sons,
Jacobs and JI»-ndrick«, under the name of
Kypesbuxg. The family motto is Vestigia
etronum (No steps backward).
Mrs. Frank J. French has home rare old
silver, on which is engraved in quaint
i the urmorial bearings of her an
'■ of whom was with William of
andy in bis invasion and conquest of
- tterleigb was the Anglicized
name received by the family, owins; to the
• ■ was located in the south fields
England. In time this was
I .ifU-r!ce, which was Mr.*.
aideu name. There were four
tterleea in the long line, one of
whom Loved captain of the j
Motes Uazen was i
the opening of the Revolution
ary War, and near its close he was made a
m missions are the prop- i
French and the faded docu- j
c of which bears the signature of i
John Hancock, are framed and occupy a '
prominent plat c in the parlor of her home
on Jackson street.
i Word and thought
alike) is the motto on the coat-of-arms of
the Van Wyck family, represented by Mr.
Mrs. S. U. Van Wyck a:id their
i< .-. Mrs. Osgood Putnam. The
emigrated from the village of
.. Holland, to New Netherlands in
I
Perhaps there i« no more interesting
history than that of James de Ja
The family genealogical chart
Dutch, French and English coats
■ The lint of the race whs Dr.
J' j!!:t i Montanya, who was born
at Saintogne, France, in 1595, and the last,
Mastei Ja< ; Montanya, the four
i '•! Jatnea !« la Montanya Jr.,
whoreniilea in Paris. Phe French armor
ial bearings were bestowed upon the
: family. The Do la Mon
tanyas are entitled to the Dutch coat-of
arms through the Waldrons, a noble
family of Holland, one of whose earliest
ancestors, Rudolph Waldron, won a
baronetcy on the plains of Palestine iv
1150, during the Second Crusade.
Xcc benrjicia im manor nee injurise was
the motto of the family which was allied
to the De la Montanyas through the mar
riage of John de la Montanya and Anetz
Waldron of Amsterdam. The English
arms come into the family archives and
honors through Michael de la Montanya.
Dr. Johannes de la Montanya, who was
distinguished in the line arts as well as the
camp, and was known as the poet soldier,
came to New Amsterdam in 1*337 on the
shin Seven Stars, with tbe De Forrests, the
Caitwrights, Studebacks and Kypes.
William James de la Montauya, who re
sides in this City, married Miss Sarah Jane
Horn, whose mother was Lydia M. Comp
ton, daughter of an English family resid
ing at Hampton Court. This family is
also said to be entitled to such a crest as is
granted to the gentry. The French and
Dutch arm? appear on the De la Montanya
carriages, arid the unique designs are re
peated in their silver, stationery and bed
linen.
The arms of the family of the late George
W. Gibbs consist of an o'd English design
surmounted by three broken tilting spears,
ensigned with a wreath, an effective con
ceit, carried out in gold.
TheHuhbard arms are quartered, with
three Hon.? passant, and the crest a boar's
head conped, collared and ringed, and in
its mouth a spear. The insignia was given
by Burke to the ancestral Hubbards of
Birchanger, County of Essex, in 1570.
The same arms are to be found on the
tombstone of one of the family at Copp's
Hill Burial Ground, Boston.
Another ancieut English design is that
of ttfe Wright family— represented in this
City by Mr*. Selden S. Wright— a chev
ron engrailed between two spearheads,
with n. crest consisting of a dragon's head,
couped and ornamental.
Two scythes and the motto, Slat nominm
umbra, form tiie crest of the coat-of-armb
of the Hungerford family, whose scion in
San Francisco is Austin S. Hunserford.
Mrs. "William Alvord uses the family
arms of ber ancestors, the Mackintoshes
| of Invernessbirc, Scotland, a race of sol
! dier*, statesmen and scholars.
Twocoats-01-arm* ornament the stained
g]a;-s windows in Henry J. Crocker's man
| sion on Washington street, a stag's head,
the crest of the armorial bearings of his
English ancestry, being the central figur?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
of one design, with the ducal coronet
of Mrs. Crocker's (nee lyes) family oppo
site.
"Justice and Perseverance," a laudable
motto, surmounts the coat-armor quar
terings of the Bouviers, an old French
family of whom Alfred Bouvier is the
only scion resident in San Francisco. A
miniature pine tree forms the crest of his
coat-of-arms.
The seal of the family of Louis T.
Haggin shows a dove spreading its wings
for flight.
A miniature demi-lion rampant with
the motto Sapcre aude marks the note
paper of Everett "Wise.
An imposing heraldic device, a shield
on which are quartered ancient arms, sup
ported by eagles and with a demi-eagle ris
ing from an ornate crest, remind Allan St.
J. Bowie of the prowess of his sires. Cen
! turies ago a clan of the warlike Campbells
i left their native Highland fasUiesses and
crossed the, stormy Frith of Forth on rude
rafts of their own construction. For this
theretofore unparalleled feat the neighbor
ing clans gave the venturesome spirits the
I sobriquet of Buoys, which has been mod-
I ernized to Bowie and has long been the ac
cepted name of the whilom Campbells.
Dr. R. Beverly Cole is a direct descendant
of an English progenitor of that name
who was a contemporary of Lord Bacon.
'•My Americanism is of so sturdy a kind
} that I have not changed my mind even
j with the motto of the English gentry from
I which I sprung," said the veteran physi
! cian. "My father adopted, and I have
i used for my own inspiration and that of
i my family the motto, Aut nunquam tentcs
I'aulpcrticc (Never begin what yon cannot
perfect). It suits mv purpose quite
!as well as the forgotten one on the
I family coat-of-arms could possibly do.
j Besides," continued Dr. Cole, "this is
serious business, going back too far in the
family history. You are in danger of find
ing that some one lias come to his end on
the gallows. Now, aren't you?" Mrs.
Cole uses the armorial bearings of her an
cestors of the time of Catherine of Arraeon,
the ill-fated consort of Henry VIII. It is
suggestive of the time of capricious execu
tion?, its shield bearing designs of the
gallows brake or wheel of that time, the
crest consisting of a larger one, in relief.
The motto is: Virtus in actione consistit
(Virtue consists in action).
The family of "William Ellicott is, by
virtue of ancestry, entitled to the arms
and crest of the English Washington and
their American scion, who won the hon
ored title of P'ather of his Country.
The crest of the Hedges family is a
pomegranate in gold, stalked and leaved
in nature's color.
A wolf's head is the crest of the Put
nams, who trace their ancestry to the old
family of that name resident in Bucks
and Bedfordshire, England.
Mr. George A. Crux is a scion of a Kent
ish family, whose crest is a demi-eagle
with expanded wings. Mrs. Crux (formerly
Miss Cornelia Armistead Lusson) is re
lated on the maternal side to the
Armistead family of Virginia, one of
whose members, Colonel George Armis
tead, was commander of Fort McHenry.
over which Moated the flag that inspired
Francis Scott Key to write "The Star
spangled Banner." She can also trace her
descent from John Wright Stanley, Judge
of Admiralty of North Carolina. By
intermarriage her family is also connected
with the Newtons, who, generation after
generation, have dwelt in Norfolk, Va.,
since 1632.
The surviving relatives of Governor
Henry Huntley Haipht have claims to
English as well as German coats of arms.
The English line can be traced back as far
as the fourteenth century. There is a fam
ily tradition of previous Teutonic origin,
however, and in the Heralds' College of
London an authority on German her
aldry has been found that cites the arms
of the Wastphalian family <>f Yon Hoyte,
which was modified to Haight. Simon
Hoyt was the lirst man who enjoyed the
distinction of being the tmigrant-in-chief
of the family. He came to Salem, Mass..
in 1628. The archives of pioneer Charles
town, Mass., contain the record that "the
family of one Simon Hoyt, with the ap
proval of hia Excellency, Governor Endi
cott, traveled through the woods from
Salem to explore and settle Charlestown,
where they found only one English house,
the palisaded and thatched house of a
smith."
A few years later Simon Hoyt was one
of the earliest settlers of Dorchester, Mass.
He was one of the first to take the oath of
freemen in Massachusetts, May 18, 1631.
An unbroken line of descent connects this
energetic pioneer with New England men
of local note, whose records for integrity
and enterprise reflected a luster upon the
good old name. Governor Haight's grand
father was born in Athens, N. V., in 1778.
He was equally distinguished as a lawyer
and soldier and was made major-eeneral
of the New York militia at the close of the
war of 1812.
Baron yon Schroeder's noble lineage is
recorded in all German heraldic works,
and boasts men of distinction in more
than one line of merit.
The late Leland Stanford came from a
line of English gentry. This is also true
of Timothy Hopkins.
The Babcock family has a line of titled
progenitors. Tne name has been modified
from Badcock, and the family is of Saxon
origin, the home of the direct ancestors
being in Essex County, England.
Among the representatives of the Hu
guenot families, which early found a home
in this country, are the Merrills. Peter
Merrill escaped from France during the
reign of Queen Elizabeth, and served the
Virgin Queen with such heroism in the
held that she rewarded him by bestowing
& knighthood upon him. He emigrated to
America and settled at Newberry, Mass.,
whence the San Francisco branch of the
family come.
The Wingfield family, of which the
Bishop is the head, is of ancient origin.
The village of Wingfield, in Suffolk County,
England, is the ancestral seat. It derived
its name from the possession of the castle
at that point before the Norman conquest.
It is not generally known that De la
Fontaine, whose fables are a classic, was
endowed with the distinction of being
made a marquis to compensate him in
part for the pleasure he gave the people of
his mother country by his literary produc
tions. The acquisition of a coat-of-arms
and frequent association with other noble
men made no material change in his gen
eral habits, and he continued to write
fables and stories just as though he had
never received the approval of his Kinc.
Originally the Marquis sprang from the
peasantry and in consequence had a large
family of poor relations, who were ready
and anxious to receive assistance from
him. He administered it in the shape of
educations, and from this imaginative
man sprang one of the most substantial
families in the French kingdom. They
were educated, intellectual people.
Many of them came to this country dur
ing the Revolution, and three of the broth
ers were with the Marquis de La Fayette
in his struggle to assist the Americans.
One of them returned to France and was
knighted for bravery in the field. The
second was killed at the battle of the
Brandywine and the third remained in
this country after taking to wife the
daughter of a French colonel in Rhode
Island. From this couple sprang those o.
the #mily who still live in America, where
the name to-day, owing to intermarriage,
has become Kobair de la Fontaine.
There is in this City at the present time
one of the family in the person of General
Oliver Roberts, who prefers that rather
American cognomen to the French adapta
tion. General Roberts married the daugh
ter of State Treasurer Turley of Nevada,
but at the present time he is a resident of
this City. He has lived the greater part
of his life on the Pacific Coast, and instead
of producing fables like his illustrious
ancestor he has a fondness for gold
mining, which is both a pleasure and an
occupation for him. He still possesses
some of the characteristics of the earlier
French people, and is 6 feet in height,
with dark, curly hair, a massive head and
brown, impressive eyes.
A MECHANICAL HGURER.
The Best Calculating Machine Invented
l»y a Frenchman.
A young Frenchman, Leon Bollee, has
succeeded in completing a most wonderful
calculating machine of his own invention,
which outclasses anything in the way of
comptometers, adders and registering ma
chines shown before. The new machine
does all the figuring automatically, and no
matter whether it is a question of addition,
subtraction, multiplication, division, equa
tion, extraction of roots, reduction or dif
ferentiation, the result is arrived at with
rapidity hard to believe, and is invariably
correct. At a recent meeting of the Insti
tute of France, Mr. Bollee showed and
demonstrated his new machine, and the en
thusiasm created by the exhibition was so
spontaneous that the members of the in
stitute present immediately addressed a
petition to the Minister of the Interior to
confer upon the young inventor the cross
of the Legion of Honor. As to its work it
is simply perfection itself. Examples were
given by several mathematicians present,
and they ligured out some of the results, to
test Bollee's new machine, without finding
a single error. One lightning calculator
tried to beat the machine with the aid of a so
called comptometer, but when Bollee gave
the result, the lightning calculator had only
just begun to put down the first row of
figures. It is almost impossible to explain
in writing how the machine works; one
example may suffice: It took Bollee a
trifle less than three seconds to get correct
results of the following multiplication:
6.222,3.33,444 by 8,888,111,224, which is in
figures, 55.304, 791, 72:;,05t;,«J75,45fJ, or, writ
ten out, fifty-five quintiliions, three hun
dred and four quadrillions, seven hundred
and ninety -one trillions, seven hundred
and twenty-three billions, eighty-six mil
lions, nine hundred and seventy-five thous
and and four hundred and fifty-six.
The machine is not only an arith
metical wonder, but it is equally interest
ing from the standpoint of mechanical
ingenuity. It contains no less than 3000
different parts of steel or copper. It is
divided into two distinct and independent
sections — the "receiver" and the "cal
culator." The "receiver" consists of a
rectangular framp, supported at the ends
by two vertical posts; this row is filled
in with two rows of twenty r.umber
wheels each, every one of these wheels
being fitted with a pinion and numbered
from oto9 on the rim. There is but one.
figure on each wheel visible from the
outside through a slot on the cover of the
frame.
Between every two wheels of each row
there are three thin steel rods, one before
the other; they are provided with cogs and
slide up and down vertically between
grooved rails. Each of these rods en
pages and turns a different figure wheel.
There are as many groups of these rods as
there are ligure-wheels; that is twenty
times three in each row, or 120 in all. The
"calculator" part of the machine 13 thg
principal organ of the whole. It is a sort
of metallic case, which has on its upper
surface ten grooves, each of which is pro
vided with ten notches, numbered from
0 to 9, in which the buttons of
ten so-called calculating plaques, glid-
ing on the flat bottom inside of the
calculator, may catch. By means of a
manipulator the entire calculator is moved
along on two horizontal steel rods, which
are themselves turning ten times as fast
as the small vertical-cogged rods spoken
of above. The advancement from one
wheel to the next is therefore determined
by a complete turn of the manipulator.
Each of the inner plaques is a representa
tive of a part of the multiplication table.
The present state of the machine permits
the figuring of all the problems likely to
occur, since a iigure containing more than
twenty ciphers is but seldom required;
and all the work on this machine is done
in less than one-thirtieth part of the time
necessary for a rapid calculator.
Leon Bollee is only 25 years old, but haa
an enviable record as an inventor. He is
the son of a wealthy bell-founder and
manufacturer of steamcars, and had excel
lent training in the mechanical arts early
in life. He began work on the calculating
machine just described in 1888 at the age
of 18, and has accomplished much success
in other directions, as there are no less
than thirty-seven practical inventions of
his now patented. Most of these are
improvements and independent novel
ties referring to the propulsion of boats,
bicycles, automobile carriages, printing
machinery, measuring apparatus, time
keeping apparatus for factories and many
other useful objects. Among his admir
ers he has been nicknamed the "French
Edison." and with his youth and his rec
ord up to date there is no telling where he
may bring up yet.— New York Times.
HE SPARED THE TREE.
A Curious Way of Baring an Old Land-
mark in a New Jersey Town.
It was announced a week ago that one
of the most notable trees in this country
was doomed by the march of improve
ment. It is a huge and ancient sycamore,
or buttonball, standing in the middle of
the sidewalk in Stephen street, Belleville.
Records show this tree to be at least '_'oO
years old, and in that time it has grown
to a diameter of seven feet at the butt.
The sycamore is invariably a mobt pictur
esque tree, and this is one of the most
picturesque of sycamores.
Contractor McCann, who is engaged
upon the task of widening and straighten
ing Stephen street, decided that the tree
must be cut down, and it really looked as
if the monarch would be overthrown, for
there is little of that sort of sentiment
in Belleville which would move to save a
tree when there is plenty to talk abcut in.
the political held.
There was one man who loved the
tree enough to go to the contractor
with the familiar lines, "Woodman,
spare," etc. It was Christian Or
tholf, the barber, whose shop 13
on the corner of \Viiliam and Stephen
streets, and is overshadowed by the big
tree. He is a good singer and he rendered
the old poem so well that tears came into
Contractor McCann's eyes and he prom
ised to "touch not a single bough," but
said that he would have to do something
to the old trunk, nnd finally decided to cut
an arched passage through it. This win
amuse the children and satisfy their eld
ers, as it will probably save the old tree for
years to come. When the electric-light
ing plant is completed an incandescent
light will be put over the arch on each side
of the tree. — Newark (N. V.) Sunday Call.
Hammerfest, Norway, is the northern*'
most town, and Punta Arenas, Chile, is li±e
most southerly town in the world,
1516
t^^/^**fc"ti>iSi jg^SaMp^ We have but two weeks left and to lawn, trimmed with laces and embroideries, >^it&***^
■ c oaks and Suits. Colored Silks. ' gSsSSfcuUSS! ' SSSStSSSS ssiffii™W--rF Black " Domestic Wonders, j
■5 «• , k«. n G u UH.i..M in*t ! Our entire stock of Colored Satins in "' — . ment of each one and assunne you styles, made of fine muslin and cambric Dress Goods. No woman wbo values a bargain, I
We MOKeverj Statue Jacket lett | gtrect unJ fan colors all 2 Q to 24 that they cannot be duplicated any- and elaborately trimmed with laces and Lfl tJ>3 vjuv/vij. who wants to make a dollar buy as[3
in sto.k and marked them down niches wide, and including such colors Ladies' Natural and Silver Gray Wool where. embroideries, reduced from $1 25 each F,VnrM Black Alnacas 32 inches wide much as two will under any other ,'
3 !"iS ti '■> * wil? S effect a speed? as tans, golds, terra cotta, navy blues. Vests and Drawers, high necks and« S(8i eB)B(B)@@@g)@g)g)(Bg@^ »* — Sftrous pattern S oveV fifty designs' circumstances, can afford to overlook.;
Unnrr ins not ouestion of light blues, greens, bronze, slate, etc. long sleeves, extra good quality, re .^^^WvVA^U.^^AJW^u Ladjeg . N1 M Gown over go different Reduced this sale to 19c a yard this sale. The items in this column <
V cleaiance It is not a question of Reduce d from 75c and $1 to 29c a^ard. duced from $1 to 69c each. ® . & styles, including garments that were In deduced lor tnis sale to me a yard. every-day necessities and priced >,
s * 10 - ;, v to3ac - — re^, h r?d h a^o^ a'S S ' "i. V-T V I \j as""""'""* 1 '"" isX'i£\ B '^'i%z£% cts ._ On .— . ol Faucy Dre » s |
V kinds and styles, some with plain < material for waists, skirts, full cos- S ®  ..,. T nf dark*'
fronts, others rolling, ail elab- j tumes or trimmings. Special Price, to | _ iißja -«^— *^ -j A k..-., mmf j § Imported Black Novelties and Fancy froi/nd fleeced Wranoer FlanneU ''
V mnudwnh urs suchas close them out at once. 35c a yard. JTT ffif W A fHO I Mohairs, some fully 44 inches wide, fn B "riDed^Persian and fancy pa?! y «
bear, niarttn, astr.icha:i and Baltic (•) /^ _» p m ij > J&i r « A * value at 75c a yard. During this sale i m s.npea i_ t t. n / anu iancy i>ai.
.. seal, and lined throughout with j Chameleon Taffeta Silks, in striped £> m T^f v 5 M M . /^ gg | will snlri at KOc terns, value at i_/oC. «
V twilled silk, worth up to $25 apiece, i and fiirured effects, also black grounds © §| ■ : f. % 5, JEs^ ' S&t / yBL ' " i • ' ® wmpejwuaiouu ','
. i with colored stripes, the most desir- x IM % iiif^S^ $1 iteaaJm. k"^ ® At SJ^ cts.— Two cases of Tea Gown ,«
V| At |7 50 and ?12 50 each— Our entire i able for fancy waists and skirts. Re- <$> ja I ■ i$ / Wk il % Black Crepons the deep billowy Flannels, in light evening colors,?
stock of ;kJ-inch Long bilk bealette j duced from 75c and 85c a yard for this 5) " 2&L .H. $& *<d$ A Ilk H % weaves fnllv -it; inches wide extra' printed in stripes and fancy de- /
* i"^^i7ESj?SjM3iSsS| salelo49ca yard> | J.-r-^^ -^«-^ -^ JB^. -«- | val^en a/*l a y^d. Special | signs, value atl2Hc |
IS into Vwo lots, one at ?7 50, the A®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®! -' • l(S>S«Xs>»i)^*®sX^^^ At cts.-All our Fancy Eider- If
;: !s^;mss6sJ /-▼ hr^ /-^r p~mr\ a wj^w m y I isssssxst.
O kt t- • -p oi-m i %^'> S £ i /«k m^ f: R^ "^f At 25 cts.— A large collection of '?
At ?1 50 each-Ladies' Fancy Plaid g - % H%k ■»"■» Xl /^ H^k §fc I Real Imported French All-wool <
% M m. 3 'Ik «»— « P /^^im ® Flannels, light and dark colorings, <
V lined all through, value at %1 50 1 vJC * ■■•^ . • -«^. -sSSik- MiiffP 1 | At 12^ c eaCQ — dozen Bleached *♦
».* each. (5), : ' • • ' @ At 12J^c each— loo dozen Bleached %
V' ® " ® Hemmed Huck Towels, with red [1
V At $1 50 each— Our entire stock of ® Vi^*"*^ A "^P""^!^ a^r3*>» A' ■■« tSBk- ..: :• ® borders, 36*18 inches, worth 20c. ' k »
Children's Ready-to-wear Dresses, ®®®®®®®®®®«®®®®®®®®®®®®@®®®K '^a M, X 4s^V ML ' }$f l^W f @^®®®®®®®®®®S®®®®®«®®®^®®®®® - ?
l.tSS^^fcV/vS;,,^: Black Silks. \\-4£ /\ MM W /% 1%, 1 Colored'
I tVVmmPd f^ iirv^hnids and Black Crystal Bongaline, a good, firm | IJ /\ |\ \ I iL»^k M ' | Dress Goods. b!ue or l )lain borders, 38x19^
amed with fancy braids ami quality; not much of it, possibly 200 S H /"" ""HSBk I^^, /^^t '^ | UrCSS UOOOS. inches, reduced for this sale from .»
'*• \t S5 oach-Onr regular $7 50 and sale to 39c a'yard? y * lU UlXt or us § M&bMm^^ J^ JB&> ML. B » B^P' JBk -^w. -H. A _ 1 AT 19c— 50 pieces Fancy Cheviot and ceac. .
V ?10 lines of Ladies 9 Suits, consist- " — - — @ 8 Two-toned Suitings. Reduced from 25c. At 75c a dozen— loo dozen Cream %
S et?mad^ a ß?ripe?a^ b n^led f2£%?£d^*Fffl*!ttfr™*^^ A W W—^ ®®®®®®B®^®®®®®®g®®sl AT 26c-100 pieces Assorted Novelty o^erilFthfancj^lT^^ 1
X suitings and well lined. wJhave decided no ?to kee?thislSe Ift A 1 I I Sm'ancr, all-wool fancy and ; Scotch L each. ■■<;"*,< I
* v\ c nave aecioea not to xeep tnis line w EV,^ JflSk « I X Plauls and all-wool Cashmeres, in street ! f
>: At ?7 50 each-All our Ladies' in future and have cut the price for a I • /m t^ B— *d I and evening colors. Worth 50c a yard. Floss Down Cushions and Pillows, C
.;. Tailor-made Suits that were sold speedy clearance to s!ic. S /_Jsk P. M "^ | • " just the thing for couches, sofas
V up to $15 apiece. They are made ® t mms^Sk. |* &'•*. S-C*-« II • . AT 37}^c— 50 pieces 48-inch Novelty and chairs. Prices greatly reduced i*«
V of all-wool cheviots and serges, Black Satin Damasse, all-silk goods i in HnciAl*V « &3^ If A Wk S3 WL X OlTl3!l Suitings, Woo! Plaids?, French Costume for this sale: t *
X Eton or double-breasted jackets copies of the richest satin brocades, llU^»lCl,y W airaß « l^ Jsiftk mk».M*rWQ JBin l . l nilif/ ® Cloths and Silk and Wool Mixtures. lfi mci nc . hMsauare i 9c eoch reeuiar  .*
.';• and tight-fitting basques and full very popular for entire costumes or § "' { U/ fIMC none worth less than 75c. 18 Inci!^ 4"^:" :«J9c S.rS'loc <
V skirts. separate skirts; always sold by us at $1 YK^X V(Tf\ Iti ® ' 5 WcircS. -?' 20 inches square.... 39c each, regular 60c %
X . A<t , n , , „ v , ayard. To be sold special during this | "<"&«»»•'• ®®®^®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@®®®^ AT 50c— Our entire line of 52 and 54 inch 22 inches square... .49c each, regular 75c ,%
♦ At $10 each — All our Novelty and sale at 69c. ,,.,. .„ . . - m .-_--- .. Dress Materials in Fancy Cheviot and " >
X Sample Suits that sold up to $25 . Infants' All-wool Hose, in sizes 4, 4.. T|-\J|£»f Swiss Handkerchiefs, over 500 cozen new Mixed Buitincs' silk and wool mottled At 75 cts.— nave massed to* h
/. each. They are strictly tailor- Black "Cachemire Alexandra" Gros and 0, reduced from 2oc to lCc a pair. I UIICL ' J&Vwi w'hW l°J k r O pHnvif r fn ?Vh^ p fiS «" fects and Bannockburn Cheviots. gether in one batch a lot of odds
made; the cloths are cheviots, Grain Silks, the par excellence of '.V , 'V*: \r> ... cloth, worth -Oc each, reduced tor this sale • Each line worth $1. and ends of • Comfortables, .all I
serges and covert?, made in long Lyons silk dress materials. Theactual Ch lldren's Fast Black Spanish Ribbed ' KCQUISIIC ' double-ben size and covered with **
V Prince Albert and short jackets, value is $2 50 a yard, but to reduce our Cotton Hose, French foot, none better Ladies' Hemstitched Silk Handkerchiefs AT 75c— Our regular $1 quality of plain fancy calico. The lot includes.
many silk-lined and very full stock we have" marked this quality to be had at 25c, reduced to 15c a pair. B nn .H, n rti B v,iiß, n ,h« <*. parh \^f.. °" %*}} f.ed quantity, reauctd ■ and wale effect Storm Serges, regular everything in stock that sold at $1 %
flaring skirt. $1 50 a yard. Knowing ones know. _.„. , f~ , Chamoßs- n ifSheslonVlS etch — ironclad material with no wearout to it. and $1 25 each. £
: I ° Children's All-wool Ribbed Hose, Skins, 19 inches long; 19c each Embroideries— new 1896 pattern?, ?
v-^g-.! — ~~ ' ~ brown, garnets and navy blue reduced !. ' . vnn i with ruooer .bought for the coming spring season, new ■ -^,^. -_—■ ■ ; — r ~~ ~ ■ ~~ "
ral* l^r^ from s<^c to "'sc a pair * nrtings etc each guipure and anglaise work on Jones cam- >f i^?S?lx«v /^k
ymjJL AwL^A /^9 ' " ' White Felt Corn Piasters .'>c box brie, Swiss, lawn and nainsook, all on ih • wA ». if^silJr ■ >*^
RECRUITS FOR UNCLE SAM
Applicants for the Service Un
dergo Rigid Examina
tion.
ENTERING THE MARINE CORPS.
Hard Times Induce Many Young Men
to Enlist— How Deserters and
Criminals Are Detected.
"Recruits? Ye?, they flock in like ducks
in rainy weather," remarked Dr. Lowndea
of the United States marine recruiting
station. "The hard times drove them in at
a brisk pace, until now we can afford to
accept only first-class applicants for the
This branch of the service,
-trve, is composed almost ex
clusive/ . : Americans, and the appli
cants I find are Americans as a rule.
They are preferable of course, and espe
cially :it a tiiiie when the country is en
gaged in a dispute with a foreign nation
they are desirable. It may be said that
while 'many are called few are chosen.'
The other morning sixteen applicants ap
)•• ard at the door, and of that number only
one was passed.
"The applicant who is successful here is
sent over 10 Mare Island for final inspec
tion, and if the commander there is satis
fied he is put in the reserve; if not, he is
returned to this office. So it is not a sure
for a recruit until he has passed offi
cial scrutiny on the island.
"i'es, we meet some strange capes," con
tinued the doctor. "Only a few days ago,
for instance, a tall, fine-featured man, in
rather a neat suit of clothes, asked to
be examined. He had the general appear
ance of a gentleman. As he prepared for
examination I noticed that the man was
exceedingly nervous. His face bore a
pained look. 1 gazed at him in astonish
ment whe n I felt his pulse and found it
beating as high as 120. The examination
went no further. The man tremblingly
explained to me that he hadn't tasted food
in nearly forty-eight hears. I judged him
to be speaking the truth and gave him a
dollar with the request that he eat and
sleep and return to me on the following
morning. The man was true to his word,
and he passed the examination both here
and at the island. He was fairly educated
•i good family, but hail been pursued
by ill-Jack until he reached almost the
Stan Btioc joint.
"Then, again, we mer-t young men who
are eager fur military fame. One wanted
me to tell him what he would have to pass
t broach to become a major, but I sent
him to army headquarterv where he could
learn what be would have to pass through
to become ;i private."
A far U3 naval enlistment* are con
cttrned the Marina Corp? is the most
eagerly tousrht after. Marines are very
different from seamen. Two years of the
marines' fire-year-lerm of enlistment is
on the land, where he is generally
stationed in large cities. The examination
of a marine, too, is more exacting than
that of tho seaman. In the case of the
former he is fir.«t questioned in a very low
tone as to facts concerning himself, and
as to his family history; both his hearing
and intelligence being tested in this way.
iiis nose and mouth are microscopicaUy
examined and the sound or unsound con
dition of the teeth is noted. His eyesight
i= tested by the reading of small print
several races away, and then follows the
color test. Men who have never known
Uiat their eyesight was at all defective
often discover themselves to be color blind.
As to measurements a man's chest must
expand more than threa inches before
he can be accepted; he must be
between 5 feet 5 inches and • >
feet in height, and weigh not less
than 130 pounds. Heart and lungs are
scientifically tested, and no appreciable
disorder in these organs can escape the
surgeon's scrutiny. From head to foot
the applicant is studied. Indeed, so par
ticular is the marine examiner that no
knock-kneed man is passed and even flat
DX. LOWNDKS IXAMIMNQ A RECRUIT.
[Sketched from life by a "Call' artist.]
footed men have very serious odds against
them. A superfluity of corns on the ieet
is a cause for rejection.
When a man's body has been gone over
and all scars and marks noted he is made
to stand erect with his hands above his
head and then all his joints are tested to
see that he is thoroughly supple. He is
also made to shut his eyes and at the same
time raise the fore part of the feet so that
his whole weight rests on his lieels, then
if he has any spinal trouble it will be made
speedily evident by the twitching or winc
ing. The final s>tep is vaccination and
then the ordeal is ended.
Seamen for the navy are recruited down
at Al White's sailor's boarding-house on
the water front. There the surgeon of a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
war vessel examines applicants whenever
the crew is short. Good, able-bodied sea
men are hard to get. Applications, how
ever, are as numerous as they are in the
marine service. The navy, in fact, offers
more chances for enlistment than the
army now, for the navy, as a whole, is
really short-handed. Only American sea
men are taken, and there is a particular
bar a<_ r aini-t Englishmen.
'"There is a large market here from
which men can be picked," observed Al
White, who is recognized as every sailor's
friend. "The Navy Department is en
deavoring to man its vessels exclusively
with Americans. Take the Philadelphia
and 90 per cent of her crew are Americana,
nearly all of them obtained in the last live !
months. The native American is what is
wanted in the navy, and as opportunities
, on land are growing fewer all the time
better material ia coming to hand grad
ually for good seamen."
As to the army, it is fairly well filled
! just now. The "Fifth Regiment, at the
Presidio, is very close to its limit, and a
halt, was called in the recruiting business
sonic time back for that reason.
Every time a recruit enlists a descrip
tion card is made out for identification in
i case of desertion or for other causes. It is
j now a hazardous thing for a criminal to
I use the service as a temporary refuge when
pursued by officers of the law.
Now all recruiting stations are provided
with identification cards bearing the out
line of an anatomical man. The cards are
about eight inches square, and the out
lined figure of a man is printed on both
sides. One side show* a front view of the
figure, with the hands and arms straight
down at the sides, and the other shows
the rear figure. Jllank epacefl are provided
for ttie man's name, age, height, nation
ality, color of his eyes and a few minor
Questions that might assist in identifying
him.
When a man shows up to recruit the
Burgeon stm.^ him and subjects him to a
scrutiny f . > r scars, moles, tattooing and
other permanent marks on the body, lie
indicates with ink on the card the nature
of any mark?, and the card is .vent to
Washington, Where there is a card on file
for every man in the service. In fact, the
military detective bureau, under the sur
geon-general of the War Department, is a
most important concern.
When a man is honorably discharged
his card is destroyed. When a man de-
Berts or commits apy other military
offense the commander of the post at
which he is stationed forwards his name to
tlie department and his card it removed
from the alpbabeticaJ liles. The man's
name is then tost sight of entirely and his
card is classified in a criminal file by the
section in which his most prominent scar
is located. If his most prominent scar is
on the right foot his card is placed on the
right-foot file. If he has several larce
scars in different sections duplicate cards
are made out and a card is riled in the
proper file for each scar.
It is claimed for this system that it has
never yet failed, No two men have ever
besn found to have scars just alike. Some
have half a dozen permanent marks,
others as many ay six times that many.
Criminals are not captured by any particu
car class of marks, but by a combination
oi marks.
When a man deserts his name is for
warded to the bureau by the commander
of the post and his card" is tiled with the
"undesirable men," according to his most
prominent scar. If the man re-eniists he
naturally presents himself in a strange re
cruiting office under a false name. He is
enlisted and examined like all new re
cruits and his identification card is for
warded to the department. Cards of cur
rent recruits are examined by a corns of
clerks for the most prominent scar. This
scar is marked with a circle of red ink and
compared with cards on rile of the crimin
als with scars In an identical location.
If the card shows no identical scars with
the card of a criminal, it is filed alphabeti
cally; but if one scar is identical with that
of a criminal all the other fo.irs are com
pared wiili that criminal's card, and if the
two cards tally the new recruit will find
himself in a guardhouse without much
more delay than is required to transmit a
telegraph message to the commander of
the post at which the enlistment tooic
place.
In the Naval Department a similar
bureau exists. It is separate and distinct,
of course, from the Military Detective
Bureau, but the system is identical. When a
marine or sailor "deserts or is dishonorably
discharged his name is dropped from the
alphabetical list, and his identification
card, by marks, is not only filed among
the "und-sirable men" at the Naval
Bureau but also sent to the War Depart
ment Bureau. Criminal cards are likewise
transmitted from War to Naval bureau.
Thus a double comparison is made, one in
each department, and a deserter or crim
inal from the navy is thus barred from the
army, while an army deserter or criminal
will seek to enter the navy in vain.
As was remarked above) hard times may
drive a great many into the ranks; but
still forever there will be the proverbial
recruit who is >ntent on "seeking the bub
ble reputation even in the cannon's
mouth' ; or the one who, crossed in love,
thus flees the vanities of a heartless world;
and still forever will the young seeker after
adventure in the service be disappointed
in the monotonous routine of a soldier's
life in time of peace.
Fourth of July, Memorial day and Wash
ington's Birthday all come on Saturday
this year. Labor" day falls on Monday and
Thanksgiving on November 26.
SHORT LESSONS IN HORSE GUIDANCE.
r>:R,i"v-i:NrGr.
"Good hands" are as essential in driving as in riding, although we do n<jt hear so much of the need for them.
You should be able to feel your horse's mouth without worrying' it. This can only be done by keeping the reins in a firm,
light, gentle hold. The fingers, rather than the hands, should do the work
s The reins should usually be held in the left hand. Take the right rein between the middle and the index fingers and pass it
beneath the index finger, holding it firmly under the ball of the thumb. Let the left rein pass between the ring and little fingers,
and carry it, too, across the ring, middle and index fingers, to be held by the thumb.
If the reins are held in both hands the right hand should be always ready to seize the whip. ' If you have a nervous horse,
liable to take sudden fright, keep the whip in hand when passing through a crowded street, or any place of danger. In such case
keep both hands on the reins. Never jerk or flap the reins.
Never strike a horse for shying. If you notice that he is eying any object with suspicion give him a gentle tap with the
whip to distract his attention, but do not punish him after he has made the jump. He will be sure to associate the blow with
the object of his terror, and the habit will become confirmed.
Never strike a balking horse. Never drive one, either. Life and time are too precious and good animals too plentiful to
make this nuisance endurable.
In meeting a turnout you should keep to the right, but in overtaking one the rule is to pass on the left. Disregard of
this rule is the cause of many accidents and much profanity.
Keep as far behind another driver as you can conveniently. If obliged to drive close in the rear of another vehicle pull
THE DRIVER OF THE HACK DISREGARDED ONE OF THE RULES OF THE ROAD.
your horse to a jog and have him well in hand. Otherwise the driver in front of you, by suddenly stopping or turning to right or
left, may cause you great discomfiture. Under such circumstances I have known a horse's leg to be thrust through a wheel of the
preceding vehicle and broken. Observe this rule, particularly on hilly roads..
Never start to' back or turn without seeing what is beside or behind you. Make a point to pull up a little at crossings. Be
courteous and keep a qool head, even when foot passengers get bewildered and dodge back and forth before you. In such case you
will often save time by halting.
In crossing a car-track make as sharp a turn as space will allow, and drive across directly rather than diagonally. Pay
attention to your horse, no matter.how interested you may feel in what is going on in the street. Never pull up suddenly on a
damp pavement, or on asphalt pavement, dry or damp. ■
Keep cool. Nothing is helped by excitement. If you cannot command your nerves in an emergency you will never
become a successful driver, and should not attempt to guide a horse in a busy street. :
Keep your horse well in hand.
Keep your whip in hand.
Keep your temper in hand. ■.• • • • • •__
Keep your eyes and mind on the matter in hand. . >/S/l"^ J&. *
And let the horse do the rest. ! *S(/l<*4>4 € l*L4*£*<^G—THE SIERRA CARNIVAL OF
DEATH
TRUCKEE, Cal., Jan. IS.— A band
of pioneers, ninety men, women
and children, toiling through the
Sierra storm; exhausted, starv-
ing, freezing, despairing, dying.
That is one picture of these mountain
A community of pleasure-seekers, rev
elers in the snow and ice, happy, laughing
mortals who can reach in a Uight of
the flowery land —almost in sieht of which
forty-two members of the party
Ijenshed. This is the other.
The first picture is from 1546; the second
Is the present winter scene.
Every Californ . knows of the Dormers
and their company : it is an old, old story
that has one of the first places in the pio
neer traditions; but to-day it looms up in ■
striking, thrilling contrast to the happy
carnival conditions.
Death was the Carnival King in that yet
remembered winter of forty-nine years ago.
Dormer Lake is one of Nature's gems, I
held in the stern selling of this California
mountain ranee. A creation more beauti
ful could hardly he imagined. But a grave
in the water's depth of nearly 500 ieet
would have been a mercy to those pioneers j
when they first saw that lake.
Eastern homes, places of comfort and
plenty, had been abandoned by the emi
grants in search of the Western dream
land — for in the lack of knowledge at the
time, California could have been nothing
more; and that was before the allurements
of the gold discovery. The adventurous
families came from lowa, Missouri, Illi
nois, Ohio and Tennessee, the Dormers
starting from Illinois.
There were troubles enough before the
Sierra grade was reached; company dis
sensions in the train, whose wagons and
cattle covered two miles, contacts with
.Indians, deaths from exposure and fatigue,
the division of the original train when the
ninety unfortunates took the latal Truckee
way, thirst on the alkaline desert, the mur
der of a leading member of the band, the
parting of relatives when Stan ton and Me-
Cutchen heroically volunteered to set out
Sbead and seek relief at Slitter's Fort.
Then James' F. Reed killed a young man
named Snyder in self-defense, as the
local historian McGlashan shows, But
Snyder was popular and Reed had
been the object of jealousy on ac
count of his superior possessions in
the train at starting. So the sentence
passed upon Reed was the sentence of
death, and the manner of the execution
was that the man, the head of a family,
should go alone into the wintry Sierra
wilderness, without food, without" his pun
or ammunition and with 110 more clothing
than he wore.
The sentence was accepted, for there was
Tit a; jiupany agreeing to pro
vide for Mr-. Re r :d and the four children,
and at nightfa.il the husband and father
strode grimly towar.i the westward in the
enow.
But Reed had :; daughter in the emi
grant train, a girl of 12 years, Virginia
Keed had heard the verdict of the council.
end she knew what the sentence meant.
She wept, witii her mother and her sister
and her brother?, at the parting, and she
matched her father till he plunged from
fight in the gathering darkness. And
then I
That night the camjj was still and if
there was a sound at ali it was of a woman
sobbing. Suddenly, noiselessly, away from
the wagona a little form darted, trembling
from fear of detection, and Virginia Reed
was I her father with food end
blanket and gun. Closely the child held
to the trail of the slow-going, dejected
man, and when safely away from the
camp she called as loudly as she dared.
]Nlnre rapidly and still bravely she hurried
along, calling more and more loudly a<=
rudence directed. At last her lather
heard and turned to meet her, and his life
. v cd .
There is no prettier record of heroism in
b world than that of this Illinois girl ;
and that the wisdom of the child's heart
vas greater than that which had prevailed
in the emigrant council is shown by the
succeeding events.
Down in the warm, sweet valley of the
Facraruento. General Gutter had hia for
and that was the haven of the early
pioneers; the only place of actual rest,
security and comfort. Hospitality waa
unbounded theie. McCutchen and' Stan
ton reached the fort in safety, but Me-
Cutchen was ill and so Stanton returned !
to the rescue without him, Sutter provid
•rithout thought of charge, seven
mules laden with provisions ami two ex- j
perl Indian guides. This relief expedition
was all that saved the survivors of the
Dormer party aiid the romantic Virginia
Stanton and his two Indians found the
exhausted party about twenty or twenty*
to the eastward of "this locality. I
hopefully and almost brought back !
•Hid energy by Stanton'a promises
ter's Fert. the pioneers pressed on to
the westward.
The winter of 1846 set in early, and at !
the close of October six inches of snow
covered the ground this side of the Nevada !
line and at the Sierra summit there was I
five feet of snow. Still struggling onward, \
nearly crazed by hardship and suffering'
bo me of the emigrants fought their way
along where to-day stands the radiant ice !
palace; others followed a pass somewhat'
to tli| northward. Dormer Lake was the I
end Ol thai winter's expedition, and the
closing place of the lives of many in the ;
company.
One evening it was derided that the only
hope of surviving was in starting over the
summit on foot, carrying some of the meat !
of the cattle and rattles for food. That ■
night the Ice King barred the. way. A !
heavy snowfall, beginning then, lasted j
lever*] days. The cattle perished in the !
drifts and some were buried out of sight; j
the mules were never been again.
The work of constructing cabins was j
resolutely begun, and here was the pitiful :
little tirst home of the settlers on the ;
Sierras, a hamlet of terror, suffering, des
titution and distraction.
Then came the starting onward of the
'forlorn Hope," when there was not food
tnough fnr all— a sacrifice of life if neces
«aiy lor the sake of those who were to re
main in camp. Mrs. Foster end Mrs.
Fike (sister?) went with the party on the
tnowsnoe contrivances that their "share of
the winter provisions might help to sus
tain the lives of their aged mother and
little children. Mrs. McCutchen vol
ired in a like duty and left her infant
in the rare of one of the older women at
tin' cabins. Men gave up the comparative
safety in the camp, though the camp was
doomed, for tbey knew that their going
would beep starvation so much loneer
from tlie helpless women and children.
Mere boy- and girls left their portion of
the food lor aged t.r exhausted parents.
Patrick Dolan, a bachelor, had no rela
tive in the camp, and the cattle that he
owned would have afforded him food for
the entire winter. Hut the wife and chil
dren of the banished Reed had little to
eat, and to these did Dolan gi -c all his
means of living. .Mrs. Reed handed a
watch and a Masonic emblem to the gen
erous man at parting, asking him to give
them to her husband if the two should
meet at Slitter's Fort. The souvenirs were
delivered, but not by that messenger, for
Dolan died in the snow.
It was after six weeks at Dormer Lake
that the "Forlorn Hope" crawled on. and
at the end of the first day tlie party had
traversed only four or five miles. The
I encampment was within sight of the
is where the men had left their
families, where the mothers bad left their
infants and where the bachelor, Dolan,
DONNER LAKE, IS THE HIGH SIERRAS, WHERE Till. PIONEERS OI Till: WINTER OF 1810 WERE IMPRISONED
HY THE SNOW.
l&kelched by a "Cull " ttaff artist.]
had abandoned his hope of life. Such
weather conditions as then existed would
imprison the Trockee of to-day, but every
morning the '-F.irli.rn Hope" suffered a
little distance onward.
The pioneers who perished in that grand
undertaking deserve a monumi ot as en
duringas the granite crags among which
they toiled.
Stanton was the lirst to fall. He was
blinded on the third day. Earl} in the
fifth morning when the journey* was re
sumed he said, in response to a call, ' Ye-,
I am coming soon,'; Out though .-nil reso
lute he rould not go and his companions
had to leave hi in there to die. 1 his man,
of literary ability and from an old New
England family, had proven his valor by
going back with j.rovisions for his com
panions after lie had once readied the
hoped-for valley.
That day the last of the meager food
supply was used, for with the weaker <>\n->
at Dormer Lake, nearly all the supplies
had been left. One member of the party,
a man named Eddy, found an unexpected
little bit of relief for tin; expedition % ben
the food was gone. It was a half pound of
meat that had been secreted by Mrs. Eddy
in her husband's outfit, and attached to it
was a strip of j.ai.cr with the words,
"From Your Own Dear Eleanor."
Another fierce etorm came on. Tbe
members of th« party were starving. A
council was held. What was there to do?
Only one thing; to become cannibals.
For two days the party was without food,
and the allowance before that had been
one ounce for each meal. The thought of
cannibalism was horrid— horrid beyond
ordinary comprehension, but to most of
those in the council life was the first duty,
for the sake of the women and children m
the cabins beyond tbe summit.
Lots were cast. And who was chosen
for death in that awfui game? Who could
have been, in the tragic irony of all that
winter fate, but the generous Patrick
Dolan?
Dolan had given all his food; now he
bad to eive his life. And Dolan was will
ing to die. Bat nobody would perform
the duty yet remaining, and in 'silent hor
ror at the situation the women and men
picked up their burdens and staggered
away.
At night, during a storm of sleet, a bi"
camphre was kindled, and the starving
people fell to \ sleep in the warmth of it.
What invention of an Inquisition could
have been more ghastly, more cruel, than
the torture that came then? The camp
unknown to the sufferers, was on a frozen
body of water, and when the huge lire had
melted the ice the blazing logs all sank
from sight.
Franklin W. Graves and a Mexican
named Antoine died that night and before
the sun had set again Patrick Dolan had
found his executioner in starvation.
This was at Christmas time and the food
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
that had come was in the tlesh of the three
early victims. The two Indians grimly
i refused to eat that food, but there was no
reason why they had to survive. Their
wives and children were not among those
at the lake.
The journey was resumed and when the
last of the human food gave out it was de
cided to kill the Indians, but these guides
understood the plan and they ran away in
the darkness. Without the Indians the
party had no knowledge of the trail and
here was the new terror of being lost.
The death of a boy in the arms of an
older sister, Mrs. Foster, who then saw
the body used as food, and the death of
Jay Fosdick lessened the number of the
party. A few days more and again the
fooa was gone, including the meat of a
small deer that had been killed.
The two Indians wen overtaken, ex
hausted, after they had been for nine days
without food; and at that time the sur
vivors of the emigrant band were only five
women and two men. The Indian', had
sunk down to die when the white men and
women passed them. It was a duty to
kill the dying Indians for food and Foster
went back and performed it. The Indians
did not object, and they were glad that
the end had come.
The agony of climbing one moun
tain, only to find another beyond! That
was the experience for many a day. Feet
that had been frozen must st;ll cling to
the wornout shoeshoes.
At last a little trail was found. It led to
a mountain home of Indians. Arm, oh,
the joy of it! Far to the eastward the
Indian habitations had been avoided, but
then: was no thought of danger after the
weeks of starvation in the snow. Strength
came back, and hope was reborn, and the
famishing women and men even ran to the
little rancheria. The Indiana were startled
at the apparition, but soon understanding
the situation, they j^ave. shelter and such
food as they had, and it lias been said that
the Indian women cried in sympathy.
T;,e worst of the journey "was over and
the Indians aided and carried the men and
women down the mountains for seven
days until Johnson's ranch was reached,
after sufferings that seemed light only by
comparison with those that bad previously
been endured. A relief train was hastily
organized and sent back from Sinter's
Fort when the message was brought in,
and this train was re-enforced at John
son's ranch, thirteen hardy men, with
abundant provisions, climbing into the
hardships of the trail toward Dormer Lake
and the snow-bound emigrants.
Reed, having long before that reached
Slitter's Fort, attempted, in company with
iMcCutchen, to return toward Dormer
Lake with provisions that Gutter supplied,
but the attempt was a failure and Reed
went to Yerba Bnena (now San Francisco)
to consult Commodore Hull. Another ex
pedition was then started, the San Fran
cisco citizens contributing $1300. Going
by water to the Sacramento Valley that
relief party followed General Gutter's train
into the mountains.
Daring all this time the Ice King's
prisoners near the place where the
Truckee carnival is now in progress suf
fered like the people that had toiled over
the summit; but their sufferings were
drawn out iutolmonths. When the meat
was gone children were fed on hides.
Bones became food. The last of the flour
was reserved for the infant of the camp,
the child of Mrs. Pike — one of the mem
bers of the "Forlorn Hope."
On Christmas the Reed children alone
had enough to eat, while beyond the sum
mit the man who.had left the beef to them
was dead and was being eaten. Even the
Heed family had been on a small allow
ance, and in the duty of sharing their food
with those who had none starvation soon
was near.
The shelter of the cabins and tents was
inadequate, and sometimes the beds were
covered with snow at morning. The stump
of n tree, where the men stood on the snow
to cut firewood, was in later years fouud to
be twenty-two feet hitrh. As in the strug
gle of the "Forlorn Hope," the women best
endured the haidships.
The eating of the human bodies was not
resorted to by the people in this camp.
The others had done that only to sustain
life enough to accomplish the rescue.
Mrs. Reed and Virginia were the strong
est and most resolute persons at the lake
during the latter days. At last the brave
young daughter, the girl who had stolen
away and Draved the awful wilderness to
follow on her banished father's trail with
food and the gun, broke down in starva
tion, and on the evening of the liith of
February Virginia Reed lay dying. Gath
ered at her bedside in the comfortless
cabin beneath the snow were several of the
women, for Virginia was a favorite in the
camp. She had been the life of the camp.
There were no hopes.. No words were
spoken. The next day there would be
another body in the snow, and then —
A shout!
No famished man at the lake could
shout like that. Indians? No, those
were the shouts of the white men. The
rescuers hail come!
Virginia Reed was saved to the State
that may well be proud of her; and here
it may be mentioned that, marrying at
San Jose, she became the mother of
twelve native sons and daughters.
The relief expedition sent out by Gen
eral Sutter had arrived at the lake after a
mighty battle with the ice Kin^'sforcesand
had brought the food that was life to the
prisoners.
To-day the merry-makers at the carnival
skate thoughtlessly ana happily over the
places where those pioneers suffered and
hoped and died. The creek running there
has been made into a pond, so that now a
portion of the camp site is under water;
but rising from the ice is a huge wooden
cross to mark the spot at which the
Murphy cabin stood.
Butter's relief party had brought to the
lake the food that was considered neces
sary, and the remainder was cached on the
other side of the summit. An immediate
return with those who could travel was
therefore necessary. The food supplies
were quickly exhausted, and when the
summit was crossed the party found that
wild animals had reached the food stored
away for that trip. Starvation would have
been inevitable but for the arrival of the
banished Reed with the second train, tfo
Virginia Reed did not save her father's
i lne alone when she slipped from the
j earlier camp and followed on in the snow.
There are too many pathetic features of
the long-ago winter to De all related here—
the experiences of tlu Dormers in their
camp at Prosser Creek, the bufferings ot
those who could not start, from Dormer
Lake when the lirst relief party arrived,
the guidance of the rescuer uy the finding
of the dead body of Stan ton, the return of
Reed for his two children who had been
left at tne lake, and the awful journey of
Reed and the rescued on that final jour
ney toward the Sacramento plain. This
last journey was no less tragic than the
dreary attempt of the "Forlorn Hope."
Some died, and all the tortures and ter
rors recorded of the others were experi
enced by those who journeyed down the
mountain witti Keed in the "second re
lief. 1 '
Travelers in this region think little
about the exDeriences of those who catne
half a century before. Little remains to
mark the site of the encampments, but
preserved in McGlasban's lower are relics
that appeal to the sentiments of those who
know tin: history. There are crumbling
bits of the cabins, portions of wagons and
fragments of household goods. There are
weapons, a broken ax and a pistol, and
many such things as these.
A piece of a mirror and the sole of a
baby's sho<> are spoken of by all who gaze
at the collection ; and when the relics have
been viewed the visitors ha-.ten back to
the pleasures of the ice and snow, and re
joice and art- happy in the conditions that
brought terror and death to the pilgrims
of forty-nine years ago.
THE SIEGE OF GIBRALTAR.
Some Obvious Lessons to He Learned
■ From It.
The great siege of Gibraltar, which, com
mencing in July, 1779, lasted till March,
1783, holds for us one or two obvious
lessons.
The extraordinary efforts to reduce the
place and the large force brought against
it (there were over 30,000 French and
Spanish troops before it in September,
1782, besides a large combined Meet and
several hundred cannon) stand out in re
markable contrast with the small garri
son, which at no time much exceeded
7000 men. We ask ourselves whether this
stubborn, lengthy and successful defense
was d ue entirely to the natural and artificial
strength of the place, and we are at once
convinced that such is not the case. Gib
raltar is strong, indeed, but she cliould
not have ood out for three and a half
years had England not been mistress of
the seas, capable of pouring provisions
munitions and re-enforcements into the
fortress. Few. events are more striking
than the relief of the place by Howe in
October. ' 1782, when the convoy in his
charge drove past the place into the Medi
terranean, and was followed by the
enemy's fleet from the bay, which thus
placed itself between the rock and the re
lieving fleet, but nevertheless completely
failed to prevent the relief.
"On the 19th,". says Mahan, "the Eng
lish fleet repassed the straits with an east
erly wind, haying: within a week's' time
fulfilled its mission and made Gibraltar
safe for another year."
Thus the power which would preserve its
naval bases outside its home shores—how
ever individually strong these bases may
be— must command the sea.
The Spaniards and French undoubtedly
made a mistake when they spent so much
time and money, so many efforts and
men, upon the reduction of Gibraltar.
They would have been more likely to ac
complish their purpose, as Mahan points
out, had they sought to capture Gibraltar
on the shores of England— had they
watched our home ports and prevented the
outgoing of our Meets. As it was, Gibral
tar, although a burden to us In the great
struggle, played a very important part in
absorbing so much energy and such num
bers of the enemy for so considerable a
time. — The Nineteenth Century.
SQUEEZING FRUIT MEN
Peculiar Business Methods of
Chicago Commission
Merchants.
HOW EENTS AFFECT RETURNS.
Rejection of Consignments En Route
Upon a Falling Market Is a
Common Trick.
From a recent Chicago dispatch it is
lamed that the California; fruit grower
and shipper, owing to their system of con
signments, are paying the rent of the
South "Water-street commission man of
that city to an extent that is as unwar
rantable us it is startling.
Quoting one of the most prominent com
mission merchants in the street the dis
patch says :
It is a fact too well known to be denied, many
commission houses do not give exact returns
to shippers. The last two years have been es
pecially trying to the street's honesty. While
the commissions asked atpresentare lower than
ever before, business is dull; competition for
trade never before was so so sharp, and rents
are being exacted moro rigorously than at any
previous time.
Instead of a reduction commensurate with
the scale of business, landlords in South Water
street are continually putting on the jack
screws.
The complaint against the rents has become
so serious that, a mass-meeting of Soutn Water
street commission merchants is culled for next
Saturday afternoon at the Produce Bxcbange.
A secret meeting was held there yesterday
afternoon and representatives of nearly every
prominent liou-^u in the street were present.
A committee ot twelve was appointed to devise
plans for either moving or securing a reduc
tion of rents. The names of the committee
men were kept seecet.
This is truly an honest confession that
ought to he good for the souls of these
apparently but not really dishonest com
! mission men. Because the rents are
| high in South Water street, Chicago, to
quote literally the words of another penitent
in the same dispatch, "the market does
net trive the grower t lie best of the deal."
The "jackscrews" which the landlords
put on tne merchant in the East squeezes,
by these peculiar business methods, the
grower in the West.
For some time the fruit men of this State
have been complaining bitterly of unsatis
factory Chicago returns, especially from
orange consignments. An unreasonable
number of cars have been reported in bad
condition ; false reports of selling prices
j are made, and the owner is called upon for
I expenses sometimes exceeding the value
iof the consignments. To these cum plaints
the commission man answers that ail this
"is due entirely to high rents exacted by
South Water-street property-owners."
"As well might the Chicago man use
the excuse that the price of ink has ad
vanced, or that he has been obliged to
raise the salary of his typewriter,'' said a
prominent Fruit Exchange man yesterday.
"When it becomes apparent that a cer
i tain number of re:d estate owners shall
| dictate to the South Water street commis
; sion man the expenses at which the latter
; shall make his returns to the producer,
; Has nut the time arrived v.iun the Califor
nia grower and shipper should unite, call
! a halt, and have a little something to say
1 as to the term 8 on which his goods shall be
i marketed ? How long is the producer to shut
liis < yes to the fact that be is '3tanding in
j the door,' and that through his own instru
mentality he is mating the South Water
( street commission man rich, while he is
j not only raying the,r rent, but is often
called on for expenses, sometimes exceed
' ing the value of the consignment, while he
; himself i s often glad if be can get enough
: out of his last year's crop to insure the
: cultivation of the next year's crop in the
vain hope of better times — which will never
I arrive until there is a radical change in his
: manner of doing business.
"There must certainly be a remedy for
this state of affairs, and the very first step
j t<> be taken in this direction "is for the
■ grower to meet the shipper and endeavor
to combine for each other's interest, for
the grower needs the shipper, who is ;i
1 man of commercial experience, which can
-1 not always be said of the grower; just as
i much as the shipper needs the practical
grower, which cannot he claimed for all
| the shippers. Let them clasp hands and
trust each other in California. Let every
one stop, and stop at once, the pernicious
system of promiscuous consignments, and
the California producer and shipper will
I be able to show a reasonable balance on
I the right side of his ledger. It is no longer
i a question of how long the California
j grower i.- going to submit to the extortion
jof the South Water street commission
■ man; it is a self-evident fact that unless
he takes the means at hand and combines
j with the shipper at once, and centers all
■ the fruit interest in a direction to tne end
that Californiaus shall benefit to a reason
able extent with the Eastern buyer, his
orchards will be plastered to such an ex-
I tent that foreclosure and ruin will follow."
"The California fruit man indeed gets
the worst of the deal.'' said Secretary T.
B. Taylor of the San Francisco Fruit Ex
change yesterday. "Often a big consign
ment will be sent East, contracted for by
sample, and before the curloads have got
beyond the Missouri River they will be re
jected by the Chicago man. Not even an
excuse will be made; the goods will sim
ply be rejected. That is a Chicago way of
handling consignments when the market
has dropped a little or the rent has been
raised.
"What can the shipper do? His fruit is
rolling on to its destination, and when it
gets there it is 8000 miles away from him.
So the South Water street man sells it and
suits himself about the returns.
"The San Francisco Fruit Exchange was
organized two years ago to protect all the
fruit men of this State against just such
extortion, and to establish an understand
ing between buyer and seller that will pro
tect both. Look at the Alaska backing
Association and its business method.
The salmon is purchased here and the
buyer abides by ib" terms of the contract,
and there are- no rejected carloads of lish
when the consignment readies its destina
tion.
"The Fruit Exchange proposes to have
sales made '¥. O. B. common shipping
point,' "free on board,' and not cash on
arrival after inspection at destination,
whereby goods may be rejected on a fall
ing market. Inspectors will be provided
at the principal shipping points under
bonds and authorized to inspect and
certify as to condition and grade of the
consignment. Bills of lading will be for
warded with inspector's certiticate at
tached, and it will soon dawn upon the
consignees that payment will be expected
upon receipt of these documents. The
arbitration committee of the exchange
will take care of all disputed questions
regarding quality of fruits shipped, and
there will oe no more haphazard way of
doing the commission business between
California and the Eastern market. Then
the fruii-grower on the Pacific Coast will
not be in the hands of the rapacious land
lords of South Water street, Chicago."
Kenan's lSiblicul Library.
According to a Paris letter a catalogue
of the library of the late Ernest Renan has
now been published. The tirst part com
prises the Biblical or Oriental books, which
were carefully sorted by the exegesist him
self. The other division comprises work*
on general history and philology, the
classics and books relating to the "Middle
Ages, the Renaissance and modern times.
The Biblical collection contains :K>oo vol
umes. According to the express instruc
tions of the deceased writer the library is
to be sold en bloc, or in two divisions
marked in the catalogue— that is to say,
the valuable Oriental part can be bought
alone. Jt is probable that an endeavor
will be made to keep at least the Biblical
collection in this country, and that it will
be purchased by the state.
NEW TO-PAT.
MDNYOfS
■
■wonderSl/success
Hundreds Declare They
Have Been Cured
BY HIS IMPROVED HOMEOPATHIC REME- !
DIES WHERE THE HIGHEST MED-
ICAL SKILL HAS FAILED.
DOCTOR YOURSELF
If You Are Ailing in Any "Way, No Mat-
ter "What the Disease Is or How .Many
I>ootors Have Failed to Cure You,
Ask Your Druggist for Munyon's
Guide to Health, Purchase His .Rem- !
edies and Cure Yourself.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure is guaran-
teed to be absolutely harm less and a strong
tonic in building up the weak and de-
bilitated. It cures acute or muscular
rheumatism in from one to five days.
Sharp, shooting; pains in any part of the
body stopped by a few doses. A prompt,
complete and permanent cure for lame-
ness, stiff back and all pains in hips and
loins. Chronic rheumatism, sciatica, lum-
bago or pain in the back are speedily
cured. Price 25c. '
■ Stomach and Dyspepsia Cure.
Munvon's Stomach and Dyspepsia Cure
cures all forms of indigestion and" stomach ;
j troubles, such" as rising of food, distress !
I after eating, shortness of breath and all
; affections of the Heart caused Dy indi-
gestion, wind on the stomach, baa taste,
offensive breath, loss of appetite, faintness
: or weakness of the stomach, headache
J from indigestion, soreness of the stomach,
i coated tongue, heartburn, shooting pains
I of the stomach, constipation, dizziness,
I faintness and lack of energy. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures ;
: pains in the back, loins or groins and all |
forms of kidney, disease. Price 2->c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure cures all the symp-
! Toms of nervous exhaustion, such as de-
' pressed spirits, failure of memory, restless
i and sleepless nights, pains in the head and
; dizziness. It stimulates and strengthens
j the nerves and is a prompt tonic Price 25c.
i Munyon's Headache Cure stops headache
lin three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
: cures ail forms of piles. Price 25c.
Monyon's Blood Cure eradicates all
] impurities of the blood. Price 25c.
' Munyon's Liver Cure corrects headache,
: biliousness, jaundice, constipation and all
. liver diseases. Price 25c.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a
! boon to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are
i guaranteed to relieve asthma in three mm
I utes and cure in ii ye duvs. Price, 50c each.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail. |
j The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the !
I disease from the system, and the Catarrh !
Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heal the I
parts.
I Munyon's Vitalizer imparts new life, re- ;
: stores lost powers to weak and debilitated ,
: men. Price $1.
' Munyon's Remedies at all druggists,
i mostly 25c a vial.
\ Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505 ;
i Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered ;
with free medical advice for any disease.
i
Agents for
— i
BARGAINS II BOOKS!
300 Titles Paper-covered Books, regular 25c
ml tiOc editions. 10c
50 .standard Titles, cloth bound, 16m0... 10c \
F. Marion Crawford's Books, cloth bound..... :65c
Illustrated Countries of the World— England.
Germany, >co;lund, Ireland; India, Pales-
tine- 9x12, cloth bound.. 75c
j Dore Bible Gallery, Dante's Inferno, Dante's
Paradise Lost, size 9x12, cloth bound 75c
j Our general and Juvenile Book stock is com-
i plete.. Ail the latest, pub.ications at 10 per cent
discount from publishers' price.
5000 Titles Sheet Music - - 5c
RIGGS HOUSE,
Washington, 3D. O.
' The Hotel " Par Excellence"
, Of the KatlOßal Capital. First class In all Appoint-
ments. G. DkWITT. Treas.
American plan, $3 per day and
upward.
HEALTH RESORTS.
si, Mm m\m\m\
(Formerly Rural Health Retreat)
Is under strictly regular management; a quiet,
homelike place, where trained nurses, rest cure,
massage, -electrical treatments, Swedish move-
ments, dieting, baths, physical training, and all
. that is included in modern rational medical treat-
ment, with good hotel conveniences, pure water,
even temperature and restful scenery may be
obtained.
Terms: Room, with board and regular treat-
ment, $12 to $20 per week.
Send for circular: St. Helena Sanitarium, St.
Helena, Nap* County, Cal. ■
Trains leave San Francisco, foot of Market St.,
at 7 A. M. and 4 p. m., via Vallejo Junction, reach-
lßS'St. Helena at 10:45 a. m. and 7:08 r. m.
NEW TO-DAY.
TTF I NOLAN BROS-
§ 111 SHOE CO.
OF OUR GREAT
CLEARANCE SALE
This week we will close out the following lines of
nil: OWN MAKE KINK shoks. Every pair
warranted. Jlade in all sizes and widths:
OUR OWN" MAKE— 1 extra quality tine
Paris Kid : button, cloth or kid tops. pointed
and narrow, square toes, diamond patent-
leather tips At $1 75 per pair
OUR OWN MAKE- Ladies' finest quality
Tampico Pebble Goat Button, narrow,
square toe and tips, HEEL OH SPRING
HEKL At $2 00 per pair
OUR OWN MAKE— Ladles' extra quality
French Kid Button, seamless foxed, kid or
cloth tops, satin finished, pointed or narrow
square toes, diamond patent-leather tips,
flexible soles At $2 50 per pair
OUR LIFE-SAVING SHOES
Are all the rage. Kvery lady should
have a pair for winter wear.
Made in all the latest styles, prices $3 and $4
per pair.
We will also close out 600 pairs of Ladies' Fine
Kid Button, pointed and square toes, patent-leather
tips, at $1 '25 per pair, which is less than cost.
I,AI>IKV SPRINCi-HKKL, SHOES.
We will close out 500 pairs of Ladies' Fine Paris
Kid Button, square toes and patent-leather tips,
spring heels, at $1 '25 per pair. Widths A, B, C, D,
X and EE.
We will also close out full lines of Ladles'
FRENCH KID OXFORDS and SOUTH-
. ERN TIES, all sizes, all widths
At $1 50 per pair
Regular price $2 50 per pair.
Ladles' Fine French Kid OXFORD TIES, cloth
or kid lops, pointed and narrow square toes,
patent-leather tips, turn soles. At $1 50 per pair
Ladies' SOUTHERN* TIES, cloth tops, pointed
and narrow square toes, patent-leather tips,
turn soles. At $1 50 per pair
We will close out full lines of LADIES'
FRENCH KID OXFORDS and SOUTH-
ERN TIES, pointed toes, patent-leather
' tips, LXV French heels At ?2 50 per pal?
CHILDREN'S AND MISSKS*
Fine Paris Kid Button, kid or cloth tops, square
toes, patent-leather tips, spring heels.
Sizes 5 to 8 900
Sizes BV2 toll $100
Sizes lly to ' 2 »1 25
CHILDREN'S AM) BOSSES'
Heavy Pebble Goat Button, solid double soles,
standard screwed, cannot rip, sole-leather
tips.
Sizes 5 to 7V 2 90c
Sizes 8 to 10% $1 00
Sizes 11 to 2.'. $1 25
INFANTS' SHOKS.
Infants' French Kid Button, sizes 1 to 5V 2
50c per pair
CHILiIVRKN'S FRENCH KID SHOKS.
Children's French Kid Button, square toes,
patent-leather tips, turn soles, sizes 4 to 8, 75c pair
THIS BEING STORMY WEATHER and
MEN'S HEAVY SHOES being iv demand, we will
close oat all our
MEN'S; BOYS' AND YOUTHS'
Hea^y and Double sole Shoes at an enormously low
price. , .
See our Bargain Table for Shoes at any price.
Send us your address «nd we will send you a
souvenir and catalogue, showing all the latest style
shoes and prices. •
WE HAVE NO BRANCH
STORES ON MARKET STREET.
DON'T BE MISLED BY MIS-
LEADING SIGNS.
Mail orders will receive prompt at'
tention. .
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
XiOng Distance Telephone 5537.
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
Kings County Bonds.
"VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
i.* proposals will be received by the undersigned
up to 12 o'clock m. of the 7th day of February,
1896, for the purchase of thirty-two (32) Kings
County Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively
from one (1) to thirty-two (32), both inclusive, of
the denomination of one thousand ($1000) dollars
each, and payable on the first day of January,
1906, or at auy time before that date, at the
pleasure of said county. In gold coin of the United
States, with interest thert-on at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum, payable semi-annuallj-, on the
first day of January and on the first day of July of
each year. Bonds and interest payable at the Office
of the County Treasurer of said Kings County.
Said bonds having been issued in conformity with
Orders and Resolutions of the Board of super-
visors of Kings County dated December 3, 1895,
and Januarys, 189(j, and under authority con-
ferred upon said board by the provisions of and in
accordance with an act of the Legislature of the
State of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
Uniform System of County and Township Govern-
ment," approved March '.''4. 1893.
None of said bonds will be sold for less than face,
value and accrued interest, nor shall any sala
thereof be final or valid until approved by said
Board of Supervisors, and the risht is hereby ex-
pressly reser\ ed to reject any and all proposals.
Mark envelope. "Proposals for the purchase of
Courthouse Bonds."
By order of the Board of Supervisors of said
county. W. H. SLAVIN,
County Treasurer.
DR. PIERCES %& GALVANIC
CHAIN BELT
Is the Latest Patent: contains all improvements
and is sold at one-half the price asked for inferior,
but much-advertised electric belts.
The results accomplished by Dr. Pierre's belts
are simply wonderful, thousands of cures having
been made w:kt • physicians and medicines had
failed to give relief. ;
Ihe strongest possible evidence will be given to
inquirers as to the efficacy and superiority of Dr.
Pierces belts, and a thorough examination and
comparison of these goods, with all others Is re-
spectfully invited of all intending purchaser! of an
Electric Bell. #3" Call or write for free Pamph-
let No. 2." Address
DBS. i'lKKl'K Jfc SON,
704 Mi era moil to Street.
2d, 3rd and 4th floors. San Francisco, Cal.
COAL! coal
Wellington $1000 .
South field 9 50
Genuine Coos Bay . 7 00— Half toa 350
Seattle...... 8 00— Half ton 400
Bryant '. b 00— Half toa *OJ
Telephone— 3s.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
622 Howard Street, Near First,
1718
SOCIETY
p^sy^HE feeling that we mnst harry up !
our entertainments before Lent is
rather a fictitious one, for the
season of "sackcloth and ashes" is
no longer a quietus on our gay
eties. It is true that we renounce for
a while our cotillons, but, literally, we
give up nothing else, and we are apt to add
card parties and clubs of various kind?,
for which we have no time in the earlier
part of the winter. Luncheons and din
ners are j ust as numerous and just as elabo
rate in Lent as at any other time, yet
there is so much in habit that we catch
ourselves saying constantly, "After Ash
Wednesday we will have a rest," and we
think we will be enabled to accomplish lots
of other duties which occasionally trouble
our sensitive consciences. But before
Ash Wednesday there will be a goodly
number of dances. There are to be at least
two more by the Monday Evening Dancing
Class, by the Friday Fortnightly two, and
the last concluding stroke will be the \
Mardi Gras ball given by and for the Art
Association in their magnificent building
corner of California and Mason. This will
be the first time in a number of years that !
this popular end most worthy institution
has given anything of thi9 kind. That it
will be the success of the season there is ]
not the least shadow of a doubt. Mr. i
Fhelan interviewed the most prominent !
ladies at the leap-year cotillon and they i
a-<':red him of their earnest support.
Already the committees have been chosen
and all the older girls as well as the debu
tante? have signified their intention of at
tendinc.
Quite a large number went up to Mare
Island to attend the hop given recently by
the captain and officers of the United
States steamer Adams in the sail loft. It
was a farewell affair, as the ship has been
ordered to Honolulu and will sail in a short
time.
The sail loft, which is the room u?ed as
a ballroom at the navy-yard, was prettily
decorated with flags of the various nation
alities. The band was stationed opposite
the entrance in an alcove of flags, behind
a sort of festoon of plants, which were
kindly lent by some of the officers' wives
living at the island.
The dance commenced at 9 o'clock and
wound up at 1, and all eeemed to have a
most enjoyable time.
Captain Watson, the commander of the
Adams, received the guests with Mrs.
Hams and Mrs. Greene, wives of two of
the officers of the ship. There were a
number of people present from San Fran
cisco and Oakland, among them Miss
Emma Butler and the Misses Mary and
Louisa Harrington, and quite a number
from the navy-yard and elsewhere.
There is to be another "hop" at the
Presidio on Tuesday next and quite a
number will attend from the City.
The leap-year dance to be given by
Colonel and Mrs. Burton and the Misses
Burton promises to be a very jolly affair.
The date settled upon fa January 29 at the
hoproom of the Presidio. Ladies will
appear in domino and masks.
The Deux-Temps Club of Oakland is dis
cussing the advisability of closing its
eeason with a large cotillon accompanied
with an elaborate Bupper and favors of
weight and interest. It has not yet been
decided whether the affair shall be a bal
poudre or the usual cotillon. Many would
like a real Mardi-Gras ball; others prefer a
valentine leap-year party, while several of
the patronesses think it would be a novel
idea to give the last dance on Washington's
birthday with colonial costumes.
EHGAGEMENTB.
Announcement of Betrothals Which Signalize
the Approach of Weddings.
Announcement is made of the engagement
of lUm Ruby Lowenberg, only daughter ol Mr.
ar,d Mrs. I. Lowenberg, to A. L. Brown, eldest i
ton of Mr. and Mrs. Morris Brown. They will
receive to-day (.Sunday) and the following
Thursday, atGO9 Van Ness avenue.
The engagement is unnounced o£ Miss Alber
''-.ssof San Francisco to Herman ■Weiss
man of Guatemala, They will be at home
Sunday, January 26, between 2 and 6 v. m.
The engagement is announced of Ralph
Mendel to Bella Elking.
The engagement of Miss Laura Strong, a
highly respected young lady of the Western
Addition, and J. Frank Mullen is announced.
Mr. Mullen has charge of the extensive adver
tising interests of the California Furniture
Company and is well known in the retail busi
ness world.
Pritchard-Campion.
The nuptials of Miss Rose A. Pritchard end
E. J. Campion were celebrated on Tuesday
morning at St. Agnes Church, Rev. Father
Kirby officiating. In accordance with tho
wishes of the newly married couple the wed
ding was a very quiet affair, only the relatives
and immediate friends of the family being
present in the church.
Miss Frances McDevitt was bridesmaid and
M. J. Maloney of Chicago filled very grace
fully the position of best man. Immediately
after the ceremony a very elaborate wedding
breakfast was served at the residence of the
bride. 1621 Grove street.
There were numerous lovely wedding gifts,
which gave ample evidence of the high regard'
with which the young couple are held.
In the afternoon the newly married couple
left for Southern California, where the honey
moon will be spent, taking with them the best
wishes and congratulations from their many
friend.-.
The bride s a very estimable and highly ac
complished young. lady, well and favorably
Known iv society circles in the Western Addi
tion. Mr. Campion has been connected for
many years with a well-known publishing
Jiouse in New York, and at the preeeut time
! holds the very responsible position of general
, manager on this coast for the firm.
DINNERS AND RECEPTIONS.
Numerous Gatherings and an Agreeable Inter- j
change of Hospitality.
James D. Phelan entertained a number of
friends at dinner on Wednesday evening last ■
in the red room of the Bohemian Club, in |
honor of Mrs. Harold Sewall (ne9 Ashe.) Dur- i
| ing the course of the dinner the Hungarian j
| Orchestra rendered several selections, and sub- !
j sequently Frank Coffin's quartet favored with
a lew songs. Mr. Phelan's guests were Dr. j
and Mrs. Beverly McMonagle, Baron and !
\ Baroness yon Schroeder, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
i B. Crockett, Mr. and Mrs. Frank .J. Sullivan.
j Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey, Mrs. Henry
j McLean Martin,- Miss Ashe,- Oscar T. Sewall,
i Colin M. Smith and the guest of honor, Mrs.
' Harold Sewall.
One of the most unique affairs of its kind
was the luncheon given last Wednesday by i
I Miss Lottie Woods at her home, corner of Oc- I
tavia and California streets, in honor of her
I cousin, Miss Mattie Whittier, who has just re
! turned to the City from, an extended trip
j abroad. This affair might be termed a feast of
i nations, and evidenced a wonderful amount of
j labor and executive ability on the part of the
! young hostess, for some of the dishes are al-
I most unknown quantities here, and it was only
j with great perseverance that they were finally
| obtained and prepared.'
There were no less than fifteen courses, each
j one being the national dish of one of the na
tions as represented by the fifteen tables, the
service and decorations of each being peculiar j
; to that country. The first course was Ameri- j
j can, and then followed others runningthrough i
i French, German, Italian, etc., and even Egypt '
, was represented by some delicacy.
The hostess with her guest of honor sat at j
T the American table, which had for its floral |
decoration violets, Miss Whittler's favorite
flower. The Holland table was attractive with
its service of quaint Delft, and among the
flowers was the first tulip of the season. The
center piece was a square of beautifully em
broidered fabric from that historic land, and
so on through the balance of tables, each one
exhibiting some relic or work of art manufac
tured in the land represented. Preceding each
course a national flag was placed in a cut-glass
stand In the center of each table, the band
playing the national air of that country, so
that at the end of the luncheon a bouquet of j
flags representing fifteen nations ornamented j
each table. The. souvenirs consisted of small
silk American flags, to the sticks of which
were attached the name cards. The rooms
were handsomely and appropriately decorated .
with flags and banners of the different nations, [
prominent among them being "Old Glory," j
gracefully entwined among masses of Holly '
and evergreens.
The following ladies who enjoyed this novel
and eminently successful affair, besides the
hostess, her mother, Mrs. Frank N. Woods, and
Miss Whittier, were Miss Eleanor Wood, Mrs.
Mr*. Louis F.Monteagle, Mi's
Ethel Lincoln, Mrs. Gentle, Mrs. J. B. Wright
of Sacramento, Mrs. Keeler, Mrs. Cutler Paige,
Mrs. James N. Brown, Mrs. 1-. B. Lewis, Mrs.
Horace Sperry, Miss Bernie Drown, Miss Eva
Moody, Miss '.Mai Moody, Miss Dolbeer, Miss
Allyne, Miss Hooper, Mies Alice Hooper, Mrs.
Frances Coleman, Miss Coleman, Miss Davis,
Miss Eloise Davis, Miss -dc Noon, Miss Zeile,
Miss Palmer, Miss Florence Smith, Miss Feld
mann, Miss Lily Feldmann, Miss Morgan, Miss
Spiers, Miss Hecht, Miss McNeil, Miss Dutton,
Miss Burton, Miss Belle O'Connor, Miss Cor- j
nelia O'Connor, Miss Tucker. Miss Ida Gibbons,
Miss Fanny Grant, Miss Woolworth, Miss
Edith Allyne, Miss Bates, Miss Root, Miss May
Whitney.
Mrs. Clarence M. Mann gave an afternoon
tea yesterday, from 3 to 5 o'clock, at her
residence, 341-1 Washington street.
Misses Ethel, Helen and Bertha Smith,
daughters of Mr. and Mrs. Sidney M. Smith, j
gave a matinee tea yesterday at their home on -
Broadway and Webster street.
LEAP TEAR FETES.
They Are Likely to Prove a Feature Among
the Winter Entertainments.
Leap-year entertainments will be a feature
here this winter, more especially among the
younger set, as, after all, this mode of enter
taining only appeals vividly to the debutante.
Older women very much prefer to be served
than to serve, and even the rare privileges that
this year gives are not, as a rule, available in
our present state of society. But to the young I
maiden what is more delightful than to feel I
that for once things are in her hands, that she
does the asking for cotillon and supper, that
she. can walk unprotected and unescorted
through the breadth and the length of the
wide hall and can realize all the glories and
Independence of mankind in these scenes of
revelry. ■
The first ball of this kind this season was
given in Oakland last Wednesday evening.
There the leap-year features were carried out to |
perfection, and the young men behaved with a
modesty and discretion worthy of all imitation.
The Cotillon, or, more correctly speaking, the
Friday Night Club, is always* the signal for
much entertaining, both before the cotillon
and afterward. Quite a number of dinners i
were given last evening, among others those of
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Knight, at their home, on
Van Ness avenue. Their guests were princi
pally composed of the wedding party and were
Miss Ella Goodall, Miss Bessie Shreve, Miss
Mamie Houghton, Miss Ella Morgan, E. 11.
Sheldon, Harry M. Holbrook, E. M. Greenway
and F. L. Owen. •
Among others who gave dinners were Mr.
and Mrs. Henry T. Scott, at their residence, cor
ner of Clay and Laguna streets.
The San Francisco calling list for 1896 is at
hand and shows evidence of the same careful
compilation and observance of detail that dis- '
tinguished this book when it was got out
several years ago. The book was got up by
Crocker <& Co. ■
The Bachelors and Benedicts of Oakland
gave their second cotillon of • the season in
Militia Hall last Wednesday evening. About
seventy-five couples were present, who par
ticipated In the cotillon, which was a leap
year one and led by Miss Amy McKee. After
supper, which was served at midnight, in
formal dancing was enjoyed for an hour or so.
PRIVATE GATHERINGS.
Several Home and Friendly Entertainments
Promoting and Maintaining Sociability.
The Cosmos Cotillon Club gave a surprise
party to Miss May Smith at her borne at 423
Scott street last Monday evening. .''■ -..-;'?
There were songs and comic recitations and
music by George Kennedy and Miss Alice
Atkins.' .
The remainder of the evening was spent in
dancing and many jolly games. At midnight
the -guests retired to the beautifully decorated
dining-hall, where a bountiful repast was
served, after which the- never-tiring light fan
tastic was again tripped until dawning of
morn, when all left for their homes with happy
hearts and pleasant recollections of the 15t& !
of January. ■
Among those present were: Mr. and- Mrs.
Smith, Miss May Smith, Miss Alice Atkins,
Miss Jennie Fisher, Miss Edith White. Miss
Daisy Clark, Miss Alice Woods, Miss Lottie
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
Gardener, Miss Grace Baker, Miss Irene Allen,
Misa Mollie Reed, George Hates, William Smith,
George Kennedy, Richard Allen, Edward
, Warren, Joseph Lavin, James Hale, Charles
' Graham, Robert Foster and John Dwyer.
Last Tuesday afternoon Miss Jennie I'rbane
j was tendered a birthday party at the residence
of Mr«. Mouser, 1415 Grove street. The young
people were ushered Into the rooms that had
; been transformed with flowers and ferns into
a page from fairyland, and no time was lost in
1 having a good time. There were music, danc
i ing, recitations, followed at 4 o'clock by a
j dainty repast, after which the little guests re
; turned to their homes delighted with their
■ day of pleasure. Among those present were:
I Miss Jennie Urbane, Alien Marceau, Miss Lav-
I retta Cook, Harold Burres, May Lachman,
Emile Goutrh, Adeline Burres, Ralph Stafford,
Clodelia Powell, Frances Dodd, Mataline Hall,
M. J. Mouser, Helen Dodd, Mamie Dodd, Mr 3.
Theodore C. Marceau, Mrs. Stafford, Mrs. Pau
line Goen, Mrs. Metzler, Mrs. Cook, Mrs. Pow
ell and Miss Mouser.
Mrs. Ernest 11. Palmer, soprano (who leaves
! shortly for Paris, rilling engagements in Chi
i cago, New Y«rk, etc., en route), was the guest
of honor at the charming home of Mr. and Mrs.
James C. Jordan, on Rincon Hill, on Wednes
day evening last. A few invited guests en
joyed a delightful musical programme con
tributed by Mrs. Ernest 11. Paimer, Mrs. James
C. Jordan, Mrs. Julius Hinriehs, Miss Part
ridge, James C. Jordan, C. M. T. Parker, J. J.
Morris, H. M. Bosworth and Alfred Wilkie. At
the conclusion of the programme, refresh
ments being announced, the guests repaired
to the dining-room, where supper was served.
The thirteenth annual dinner of the Acci-
I dent Club, consisting of It. L. Yanke. B. Lie
j bertand Louis yon der Mehden, took place at
. faim.i's on Saturday evening last. The event
: was to celebrate the saving of the life of B.
| Liebert in a railroad accident. This being leap
i year the wives of the members arranged the
matter, and they, together with the sons of the
| members, enjoyed a sumptuous dinner. Con
; gratuiatory speeches were maile, and after ad
journment they all repaired to the residence
of Mr. yon der Mehden, where a musical soiree
was enjoyed until a lat« hour. It was agreed
upon by the members that as long as they live
they nieet each year to celebrate, and siiould
one die the other two will dine with one extra
empty place, and should two die the third will
dine alone, with two empty seats.
SOCIETY EVENTS.
Notable Little Entertainments Among Friends
During the Past Week.
Friends of C. Osgood Hooker, principally
members of the University Club, tendered him
a complimentary dinner last Saturday evening
in the rooms of the club. Those present were:
C. Osgood Hooker, Francis J. Carolan. Freder
ick W. Zeile, A. 11. Small, George 11. Lent,
E. M. Greenway, Alexander Hamilton, Francis
Michael, George A. Newhall and Lansing
Mizner.
A dinner party was given by Mr. and Mrs.
Mountford 9. Wilson at their home on Bnsh
street last week in honOT -i MiSB Kiln Goad
and her fiance, C. Osgood Hooker. Besides
those mentioned there were present: Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph B. Crockett, Mrs. Harold Sewall,
Mr. end Mr?. C. August Bpreckels, Misa Eraelie
Hager, Miss Jennie Hooker, Dr. Harry L. Tevis
and A. H. Smull.
Colonf-1 ('. Fred ("rocker entertained a party
of fifteen ladies and gt-nt!pmen atdinner at his
residence on Thursday, the 10th inst. The af
fair was given in compliment to J. Sioat Fas
sett.
Mrs. Theodore F.Payne entertained a large
number of friends at a lunch pnrty a! her resi
lience, 1400 Surtpr street, on Monday last. A
string orchestra was in attendance during the
repast.
Quite a number of friends gathered at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. E. J. McCutchen,
2508 Fillmore street, last Monday evening.
Euchre games were the order of the evening
after which light refreshments werp served.
Mr. and Mrs. Mountford S. Wilson enter
tained a party of friends at dinner on Thursday
evening at their residence on Bush street
Their guests were: Mr. and Mrs. Robert J
Woods, Mr. and Mrs. George H. Lent, Mr and
Mrs. J. R. K. Xuttall, Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Hop
kins, Miss Bessie Shrove, Miss Laura Bates
Henry Redington and William R. Heath.
Mr. and Mrs. Peter McG. Mcßean gave a vrrv
large theater party last Tuesdey evening at the
California Theater. Their guests were as fol
lows: Mrs. W. Mayo Newhall, Miss Mary Kip
Miss Genevieve Goad, Miss Elma Graves Miss
Romietta Wallace, Miss Ethel Tompkins,' Miss
Ella Hobart, Miss Louisa Breeze, Mrs. Juliette
Williams, Miss Hannah Williams, Miss Isabel
McKenna, Miss Cora Smedberg, Miss Edith
Mcßean, Gerald L. Rathbone, Frank C. Van
Ness, a. W. Clement, Lieutenant W. R. Smed
berg. E. L. Bray ton, T. D. Boardman, George A
NewiiaU, Walter G. Landers, Edward M. Green
way, W. P. Hobart, Augustus Taylor, Addison
Miznerand Thomas H. Breeze.
Mr. M. M. Tompkins Jr. entertained a thea
ter party at the Columbia Theater on Wednes
day evening last. His guests comprised • Mr
John Boggs, MIH Alice Boggs, Miss Julia Tompl
kins, Edward M. Greenway, W. H. Fisher and
E. T. Messersmith. After tne performance the
party drove to the University Club, where sud
per was served.
Mrs. Harold Sewall was tendered a compli
mentary dinner last Thursday evening by Mr
E. H. Sheldon, at his residence, 2413 Pierce
street. Covers were laid for ten.
CLUB PAETIES.
The Postoffi ce clerks held their fourth annual
grand ball at the new Eintracht Hall, on
Twelfth street, laßt evening, the music for
which was furnished by their own excellent
band of thirty-two pieces. The affair was well
attended, notwithstanding the excessive and
persistent downpour, and the result was a suc
cessful affair financially and socially. The
proceeds of the ball are to be devoted to the
expenses incidental to the passage of a bill
through Congress for the equalization of sal
aries. The floor was ably managed by J. E.
Mannix, assisted by E. J. Barton.
The Golden Gate leap-year party was a de
cided success, about 100 guests attending. The
grand march was lea by Miss Martha Douglass
assisted by Julins Biebeshiemer. Their next
party will be a railroad dance, Thursday, Janu
ary 23.
Golden Gat? Parlor No. 29, N. 8. G. W., gave
n. public installation and entertainment last
Monday evening at their parlors, in the new
Native Sons' building. During dancing re
freshments were served to the guests.
The fifty-fourth party of the P. D. C. at Odd
Fellows' Hall on January 7 was one of the most
enjoyable the club has ever given. This being
the occasion of the club's third anniversary
the members were kept busy receiving con
gratulations from their many friends present
on their long social success and in turn wish
ing ail a hapr>y new year.
Messrs. L. Q. Haven, H. J. Cordes, R. Traut
ner and committee ably assisted Cliarle6 H.
Beardsley in managing the floor.
The next P. D. C. party will be held on Tues
day evening, February 4, at Odd Fellows' Hall,
and will be the last until after the Lenten
season.
IN SOUTHEEN CALIFOSHIA.
News of Pleasure-Seekers at the Hotel del
Coronado.
HOTEL CORONADO, Cal., Jan. 17.-San
Francisco keeps her quota of pleasure-seekers
down here by the sea. During the week the
following have registered: Mrs. G. W. Gibbs,
Mrs. C. W. Crocker, Miss Crocker. Miss Owen,
Miss Cervell, Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Uaskell,
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. CaLdw, Mr. and Mrs. Din
kelspie!, Mrs. W. H. Boree, Mrs. H. P. Sonnteg,
Miss Edyth Sonntag, Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Fuller,
George P. Curtis, W. M. Fitzhug-h, L. Escher,
P. Joseph, William X. Morrison, J. H. Bronner,
Satiford Plummer, J. M. Buck, Cesar Bertheau.
C. H. Breed of the Oakland Times and W. J.
Kroll of Oakland were recent visitors.
The Philadelphia, the Monterey and the
Albatross are due to arrive in a few days, when
peat payetiesare anticipated. Elaborate plans
for social festivities are being matured, the
presence of naval officers in the harbor being
always the signal for a lively season.
A large Kaymond and Whiteomb party U
domiciled here, in full enjoyment of the island
city and the big hotel. The newcomers ar
rived Tuesday, fresh from the chilling wind 3
and snowstorms of New England and the East.
Remnants of two previous parties are still tar
rying here and keeping the days merry by
their spirited zest in out-of-door living.
John Irving Pearce Jr., manager of the Sher
man House, Chicago, arrived last week with
nis wife, child and maid.
P. \V. Van Wyck Jr. of the Hotel Majestic,
Jew lork, is here accompanied by his wife,
child, maid and mother. Mrs. George B. Pres
cott, also of New York.
Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Norris, f-.r.r.erly of Sun
Francisco, now of Chicago, are stopping here.
ihe "Four Cs" are busy as bees arranging
for the second popular bicvele meet, to take
place Saturday. The new club badges are out
red, white and blue, stamped with the Coro
nado crown,
THE FUTUEE.
Announcement of Events Whioh Will Take
Place Between Now and Lent.
The San Francisco Art Association is prepar
ing to end the winter season by giving a grand
Mardi Gras ball at the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art on Tuesday evening, February 18. With
the view of making this affair one of unusual
brilliancy, the committee will issue the pro
nunciamento that the ladies appear en masqne
and wear fancy dresses. Dominoes may be
worn, but are not looked upon with favor.
Gentlemen, will be requested to appear in cos
tume or in full-dress uniform if attached to
army or navy, but in their case fancy dress is
not obligatory. The invitation committee
and vise and reception committees have not
thus far been appointed.
The next meeting of the Friday Fortnightly
Club will take place in Lunt's Hall next Friday
evening. The cotillon will be led by Mr. E. M.
Greenway.
Invitations have been issued for a leap-year
party by Colonel and Mrs. George 11. Burton,
who will entertain the younger people at the
Presidio on Wednesday evening, the 29th inst.,
in the hoproom. The identity of the ladies
will be concealed during the lore part of the
evening by the aid of masks and dominoes.
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Jarboe will give a fancy
dress dinner at their residence on Saturday
evening next in honor of their daughter. Miss
Kathryn Jarboe, and her fiance, Mr. Jerome
Case Bull. After dinner there will be a series
of living pictures and dsneing will follow. It
is announced that the wedding will take place
on the Oth of February at St. Luke's Church at
noon.
A musicale and hop will be given at the
Hotel Oliver, 899 Pine street, on Thursduy
evening, the 23d inst.
Invitations have been issued by the St. An
drew's Society for the celebration of trie 137 th
anniversary of the birth of Robert Burns, to be
held in Scottish Hall, 103 Larkin street. The
literary exercises will commence at 8 o'clock,
following which dancing will be inaugurated.
The Coiumbit^s next party will be on Friday,
January 17, at Union-square Hall.
The Verdi Cotillon Club will open the sea
son of 189t5 by giving its nineteenth party
at I'niou-square Hall on Friday evening, Jan
uary 31.
Cutirt Golden West No. 20, of tLe Foresters of
America, will celebrate its ninth anniversary
on Wednesday evening, February 12, 1896,
with a grand ball at Odd Fellows' Hall. The
affair will be strjctly invitational.
Tli" "Unknowns" will hold their fourth an
nual masquerade party at Assembly Hall, 1424
Polk street, on Saturday, the 25th inst.
The newly elected ollieers of National Parlor
No. 118, N.B. '■. W., ver..- installed on the 16th
inst. A banquet followed the ceremony. The
following ur<* the officers installed: Past pres
ident, 11. F. Liikendey ; president, M. M. Rati
gan; first vice-president, L>. E. Murden: second
vice-president, Willis M. Brown; third vice
president, F. E. Kroeger.
The Welcome Social Club's leap-year pnrty
took place at California Hal!, Thursday even
ing, January lGth.
PERSONALS.
T. J. T. Hutison is at the Palace and will
visit friends in California before leaving for a
tour of Continental Europe and the Nile.
Mrs. B. W. Paulsen will leave for the East
about the end of January.
Miss Linoc Jones will be at home every third
Sunday of each month at her residence, 1022
Geary street.
Miss Carrie Friendly, daughter of Mayor
S. H. Friendly of Eugene, Or., is visiting Miss
Alice G. Friedlander; at 2018 Buchanan street.
Mrs. J. Arnheim will be '"at home" on first
Mondays at. 1227 Ellis street
Mr. and Mrs. Kmanuel Levy will be pleased
to receive their friends on "the first and third
Wednesdays and Sundays at their residence,
2240 Central avenue, Alameda.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Watson Grant have
sent out invitations for the wedding of their
daughter Isabel to Edward Pond on Monday
evening, February 3, at 8:30 o'clock, at St.
Luke's church.
Mis BlHCkinore, who has been spending
several months wit 1 . Miss Clara Huntington,
leaves shortly for her home in Cincinnati.
I'eterl). Martin left last evening for Southern
California, where be will remain several weeks
Mr. and Mrs. W. V. Burrell of Portland, Or.,
are stopping at the Hotel Pleasanton.
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Bowers have returned
from the East and have taken apartments at
the Hotel Pleasanton.
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Churchill came down
from Napa on Thursday and are stopping at
the Palace Hotel.
FOR STREET-SPRINKLING
The Merchants' Association Pe
titions the Board of
Supervisors.
Belief That the Business Districts
Should Be Watered Regularly.
Aid Offered.
Anticipating the close of the rainy sea
son and the necessity for keeping the
City's thoroughfares watered, the Mer
chants' Association sent in a communica
tion to the Board of Supervisors yesterday
requesting that body to order the sprink
ling of the streets as soon as it becomes
necessary.
The communication calls attention to
the fact that the Supervisors appropriated
$75,000 for street-cleaning purposes daring
the last six months and that but $57,580 1!»
was used, leaving a balance of $17,419 81
to the creait of the fund. The association
claims that these figures show tnat there
are ample means available for street
sprinkling purposes. The communication
states that it is desirable that the whole
business portion cf the City should be sys
tematically sprinkled, and suggests that if
the Supervisors desire to have the associa
tion's system practically tried before
making a contract they should author
ize the association to engage, at the
City's expense as many sprink
ling-carts and drivers as may be
required to carry out the specifications
under the following conditions: That the
compensation for each cart and driver
shall not exceed $5 a day; that the total
expenditure shall not exceed $100 a day ;
that the experiment be made on days when
sprinkling is necessary and be continued
for thirty consecutive working days.
The association expresses its willingness
to furnish a superintendent and foreman
for the experiment without charge and
agrees that if after the contract is granted
the amount appropriated proves insuffi
cient it will raise the necessary funds to
make up the deficiency.
The communication closes with the
statement that if the funds for street
sprinkling are diverted to any otner pur
pose the association will not again step
into the breach and raise the necessary
money.
"Calnwnies Against Catliolicß."
A free lecture will be delivered under the
auspices of the Young Men's Catholic Union
in Metropolitan Temple on Tuesday evening,
January 21, by Rev. Terence Caraher of Mis
sion Ban Jose on "Calumnies Against Cath
olics."
THE PHILOSOPHY OF
A S ON OF THE SEA
He stood leaning against the capstan of
a deep-water ship and with the air of a
philosopher and iv a voice that bespoke a
deal of conscience at the back of hi? words
reeled off to a coup; ■• of interested listen
ers this characteristic story interlarded
with his nonest views:
"An old salt like me, as was brought up,
you might say, on the ocean, mayn't 've
got the same advantages as has fallen to
folkd as stayed with the shore — mayn't
'ye got the drilling in schools 'nd books
'nd churches — but old Jack has saved up
in his mind a few things which some a 9
knows more has rubbed off the slate 'nd
done with.
"I likes me grog and I likes me smoke
and I likes me joke — no harm I cakes it,
but I believes as what the Bible says is
right — I believes in a God as runs the
whole ship and the ocean. It's true — and
THE SEA PHILOSOPHER-
I'm sorry for 't — l don't know much, but I
believes there's lots more good among us
than we figures on.
"Things isn't so bad as half the creachers
preach about. It don't look right to see
'em pulling off the course to find some
thing black to paint when it's a long sight
easier to steer ahead and show up a little
of the white.
"Now, 1 hears some as says the rich is
a-sneering at the poor, and as the poor
won't stand it for long, but'll rise up, and
then'll come war and a cleau-up. I bas to
laugh at these long-faced yarns. Jack's
poor, but he never kicked for envy's sake
at a man as had more money or better
top:?, or as was over and above him in the
service. — —- <c- »» — ■»
"Now, as 1 takes it, some men was cut out
for soldiers and some for sailors; some
men was born to be lawyers, some to be
reporters, some to be presidents, one tnin<j
or another; come was born smart and j
some slow, and I says to myself, "Jack, j
you was cut out for a seaman — just a com- I
mon seaman." And here's what I believes: j
If I does me duty as common seaman and
just keeps white, why, I'm as good afore
Bod as any as lives.
"The rich has always treated me w^ll.
No oilicer in|the navy as evpr I knew treated
me anyways but well. You never knew
Commodore Downes,mavbe? Old Jacic did. j
Why, I shipped in Bo3ton with Commo- •
dore Downes in '51. The old commodore j
treated his boys white, and hold ! I want
to tell you a thing as comes to me, seeing
as I've spoken of rich and poor and Com- j
modore Downes.
"It's throe years agone, and 1 was back in
Boston — taicin' shore-leave, you might call j
NEW TO-DAY.
KELLY & LIEBES
Cloak and Suit House,
120 Kearny Street. i
Cloaks, ~~®\~**§)^?- Suits This Season's Goods
T r^T*c°l™n i E Z ER Cloaks ' Furs ' Suits This Season's Goods
yet. Marked Lower Still Must Go at Once—
ALL-WOOL JACKETS. to Hurry Them. Cost Or LeSS.
ELEGANT Alp TO 111^^ 1116111.
m& ?ac L k?t« h . __ , '■:■■■ - KERSEY JACKETS.
* llrY tight-fitting, biff " . • HAXDSOME TAX KER- .fc
r i? &, and fur -trim- FUR CAPES f^n». JACKETS, box »U
%5# mcd, colors and rUl ' W\_-'tlD. fronts, big buttons, new J^
_ <^/WT'S nl \ ."^. «-?«£ V, re FINE BLACK BALTIC SEAL FUR CAPES. SS'K.e «*s? In^la^k %*^>
/Ml/raft foLlfaton^r I!^^!^^^^}^^^ 11^^ ?fo^ Ue - __M^
•V%ii/\:^' - l0 '°° ?^^~^'^^^??^~ * 87 '*°"/^w^\
FIXE ALL-WOOL BLACK FRENCH CONEY FUR CAPES, satin "j'a^vET? (I \JO ft: /
/' ffl \&\ ci^iTH JAC- ' Uned - good sweeps, correct style— box fronts, big buttons' ■^*s\£/ V"T
// w I \ > KEffs, tight-fit- 24 inches, reduced from $10 to S6 5O new sleeves, velvet col- \VJ ® I_3
ii' 9 ' « 5' llir " trim * 27 inches, reduced from Sl2 to 88 5o lars - 'ripple back. Were t Vj3 liM
fi- 1 Pi « bVow m ' tans ' SO inches, reduced from $14 to Slo'.uO * 20 - >i>\v reduced to £ JSJ3S*S??
A I S • M navy. Reduced »».«.«•«« 814.00 jM^&Sn^Fh
A I.' S I V^ navy. Reduced ®l4.uu »~~
M... fflL-- 11m from $25 to WOOL SEAL CAPES, the best quality, edired
. • "^SPW^w: 87.50 all around with Opossum, Satin lined".
. 24-lnch, now $ 13 5O FINE ALL-WOOL KERSEY OR CHEVIOT
225 FI\~E ALT^ 2 (-inch, now SIR. 50 JACKETS, box front, ripple backs, mandolin
WOOL CLOTH 30-Inch, now .819.00 sleeves, colors black or ;navy. They were $10,
JACKETS, bisj " — but to dose we say .5 ,■;.;,■;;,;-■;
S« eV ?rA aU C ° l " FINES T CHINA SEAL FUR CAPES, satin-lined 86.50
mar ked^ sis 6 si ? , h IU H Ster ' and w *«"-e wal'iSS- ' Rm Tr"l C I a^CTC
Sa a n r y^ d f fhem %%& BOUCLE JACKETS.
more. Pri^now 30-lnch. was ,30/_0w..,. SI&SS fSK^.SSf.JgS 4&
# 24-inch, now ~ Sl3 - o black, buttons, KERSEY OR CHEVIOT
225 FINE ATT 2i-ineta. now 818 5O JACKETS, box trout, ripple backs, mandolin
WOOL CLOTH ! 30-inch, now 819. oo sleeves, colors black or ;navy. They were $10,
JACKETB, bi? | but to close we say
or c « eV xA aU °° 1 ' I FI^*KST CHINA SEAL FUR CAPEg, satin-lined »6.50
n a r k e T SIT ' JSS?**' 1 '^ and Wfcar like real SPa '" n n ,, r , c urI , CTC
auv of thlm 24- net, was $20. now 813.50 BOUCLE JACKET^.
„ t, , them 27-inch, was $25, now * l~.no
more. Pricenow 30- inch was $30 now.. « l i; - » FINEST CI'RLY HOU- # -.
»3.50 _^ *1b.50 CLE JACKETS, navy or A&J
black, big buttons, box 4r9»S&
'QfJstii r7 fronts, rippie Dncks. the ?f^7f
o _, p - f&mk &G&, newest sleeves: $15 last I£l
B , le , ev . p , 3 good / ! 1|$B?;\ DRESSY ALL-WOOL Wf/k.
styles, black and // *^& \ s^&s}- BOUCLE JACKETS, I/ F • if f *J//
colors, were?lB ///> jBiINS. //, W^\ blue or black, box fronts -/
?/!. i,°I er - Best »\\ \S y// ft I \\\ ripple backs, the newest %T^«.^\i
cloak bargain of W£ I rl V LV f\ \\k sleeves, velvet collars. ; O(
the year a^^ M^J |^ IVj y^^^-^^T kind that were ?14. Now J >s^rpf\
180 Very Fine ALL-WOOL CLOTH JACKETS /ttffl^k _ 1 V^
large sleeves, good styles, in black and all ■ w . * 3 ff! ' •ji'TTr,'..^ -^
at once C?2O Just Vi Price to close them - . - . -.•-•*'•; \'-- NOBBY BOUCLE CLOTH *&&
tOnce _____ »5.00 CLOTH C ADPC • - JACKETS, box fronts, ,>»»
VELOURS fADCC ■ »*-v -.'*- VfHrl_«v3» . ripple backs, very latest Jjst
t i__.\_f_Jiv_' w-/\fE_>. CHEVIOT CLOTH Papfc! ,t nn H» .>. ,„„>. sleeves, in navy and /T^fc^Wc^v
." 'Yd& Ko^r^?g 'on g ,nav^ T bfack^V^\.:^S S^SST-^. £'
rinr ) PE f ' E ry '"i 1 FINE C , LOTH CAPES, 24 to 27 Inches long, sinsle »7.50
SIX h^.'rt fur : tri K mmw «. or double, trimmed wHh braid, were %10, ?€& »T
r*JLs^ braided and beaded, n0w..., * «*,; _„.,», A W&gffl
II jk \ \ ■ ' silk lined - former _____ »o eacn t A nißC> ciiitc _*&fe**\fif
/( «\\ price $20. Those Ifft, V r-T- ALL-WOOL KERSEY CAPES. .4 inche, LAUItb TAT r o ; ' ' £§J
#A"S«, V\ will go at «i^ so i^E ALL-WOOL KERSEY CAPE 3. 24 inches „-. „ „ T
/HW-tM — wx *' ou deep, braid-trimmed; reduced from «9 to HEAVY TAILOR ph;t $,\
ffl&s&&s&i SHORT SILK /PLUSH " »6-iach.: SKROE DRESSES, box . //i'-lA
SKS KERSE X °« BOUCL^LOTH CAPES, s,n Ple S^VjT^^Z. Wfß&
.•SSSSSSSff^SSIfei^ SSoMIW CA S^ B^^^-«-
it. When old Jackeys gets ashore they
meets old friends and drinks their health,
which there's no harm in doing, and some
times they gets a load aboard as causes the
craft to roll. Well, I gets a load on and
gets as topheavy as a loon. My steering
gear wouldn't work, and still I knew in
my old head as I ought to get to Quincy
afore night. Quincy's the sailors' home,
you see, and I hangs out there when off
duty back in Boston. Well, I was three
sheets in the wind when I starts out to
find Quincy, and I'd be hunting for Quincy
yet, maybe, if it wasn't for a son of that
same old Commodore Downes.
"Why, he was dressed up fine — a gentle
man — was Lieutenant Downes. He sees
me, and he brings alongside and says:
" 'Where away, Jackey?'
" 'ToQuincy.'say I.
" 'You'll be in the bay soon if yon don't
reve-se your engines,' s;.ys he; "and then
he takes me arm — fine-dressed gentleman,
too, he was. Lieutenant Downes takes me
arm and fetches me to a car, puts me on
and pays me fare and says to the con
ductor: "Put the old lad off at Quincy."
And that's one thing I'll alwa3 T s remem
ber. My own flesh and blood wouldn't 'ye
done me no more kindness than tbat same
Lieutenant Downes — rich and fine gentle
man and oflicer as he was.
"I went through one war for this Nation
and I'd show up again if the call come,
old as I be. It's a proud thing to say, but
no nation treats her boys as white as ours.
I'm getting old, but I gets me $12 a month
as regular as thft days come round, and
sometimes I has me little time — no harm
in that.
"It won't be long before I hear the call
of the Caotain that's over us all, and then
I'll go without any hard feelings agin' rich
or poor or hisrh or low. The navy boys
never lacKs for a home as long as they
keeps naif white, and I thanks God, in
words as me mother learned me afore I
was that old as I could take sea fever — I
thanks God as givea me strength to live
white, and when I quits I prays as I quits
white, too.
BLODES ON HIS DEFENSE.
The Young Pool-Seller Claims He Was
Only a Commission Broker.
Gilbert Blodes, proprietor of the pool
rooms frequented by women, testified in
his own behalf before Judge Joachimsen
yesterday. He and his brother and clerk
all testified that on the day mentioned in
the complaint all the money taken by
them was turned over to Hallinan's and
other poolrooms, leas a commission, which
went to prove that Blodes & Co. were only
commission brokers.
Attorney Lennon made a long argument
for the dismissal of the case, quoting
numerous authorities and laying partic
ular stress upon a recent decision of Judge
Low that he would not convict in a case
where the police were accomplices. The
case was continued until to-morrow, when
the Judge will give his decision.
DIE FASTER THAN WOMEN.
Startling Health Office Figures
on the Male Death
Rate.
BIRTHS DO NOT MAZE IT UP.
In the Year Ending June 30, 1893, 1335
More Males Than Females
Passed Away.
If the figures of the local Health Officer
are accurate and are a forecast of the
future, when the new woman comes into
the estate for which she is battling her
| victory over man will be a barren one— for
| man will be dead.
The erstwhile tyrant will be extinct.
In most communities the women out
number the men, and San Francisco is no
exception to the rule, but few places on
j the globe can show such avast discrepancy
j between the number of men who pass
i away, compared to the mortality among
the females.
The number of male children who are
born outnumber the females to a
slight extent, but the difference falls far
short of nuking up the difference in the
death rate.
The books of the Health Department,
which are so carefully kept as to be abso
lutely correct for all practical purposes,
show that for the last six months of the
| fiscal year that closed June 30, 1885, the
number of male children born in San
Francisco was 11G0. against 1019 females, a
difference in favor of the males of 141.
For the fiscal year the number of males
whose deaths were recorded exceeded those
of the females by 1335, the mortality being
3697 for the male's am? 2362 for the females.
The same startling difference in the
death rate appears in the reports of tie
months following June, 1395, as the ap
pended table will show:
1895 3Jnles. Females. Difference.
July 327 212 115
August 259 179 80
September -75 185 9'J
October. 3!>3 177 ]•_•«
November. '-'98 108 100
December 324 190 134
Total 1786 1141 645
Thus the number of males who died
! during the last six months of 1395 ex
\ ceeded the females 645. During the same
! period the number of males born was 1160
j and the number of females 1019, showing a
difference in favor of the males of 141 to
offset the difference in the death rate
of 645.
The record by months is as follows:
1895. Males. Females. Difference
July 155 117 88
August 197 151 46
September 217 196 21
October 221 214 7
November 19.1 160 33
December. 177 181 4
Totals 1160 1019 Til
An examination into the causes of death
• fails to show any adequate reason for this
; startling discrepancy. Zymotic diseases
, during August, 1895, carried off 24 males
and 17 females; constitutional diseases, 60
: males and 37 females; local diseases, 130
males and 90 females; developmental dis
eases, 16 males and 23 females; violent
■ '• deaths, 27 males and 12 females; unascer
tained causes, 2 males and no females.
Practically the same ratio appears in the
month following and the inference is that
the males are decreasing so much more
; rapidly than the females that in the course
of time, unless some marked change taKes
! place, tne females will have San Francisco
! entirely to themselves. Opinions differ as
i to the causes of the differences in the
i death rate.
One prominent physician who would not
1 consent to the use of his name gave it as
| his opinion that the habits of the men were
j responsible for their being carried away by
I disease.
"Just stop a moment and think over the
| list of your acquaintances," he said, "and
\ you will find that ten men to one woman
— yes twenty to one — are addicted to tha
use of liquor, fifty to one use tobacco and
100 to one stay out nights and engage in
: forms of dissipation that are sure to un
dermine the health.
"Then, again women are much more
i cleanly than man, they take more care of
their persons, and this is calculated to
'] make them healthy. Still, the figures
seem rather startling and give food for
j thought."
Skilled coppersmiths in Germany rarely
I make more than $6 a week. -.. v 'ENGLAND'S TRILBY BOOM
The Craze, Started in America,
Reaches the British
Capital.
STELLAR TRILBIES COMPARED.
The Svengali of Lackaye and That of
Beerbohm Tree— Miss Baird's
London Success.
LONDON, Eko., Jan. s.— From the ec
centricities of yesterday to the fads of to
day is but a stride most limited. To
morrow has DO more to say to the past.
The unparalleled recognition and success
which a simple tale like "Trilby" has won
proves to all cynical critics that, after all,
the successful author or playwright need
not be a student, of science and logic, of
humanity in general, nor claim knowledge
of all the requisite details which have long
been deemed essential. George dv Maurier
MISS DOROTHEA BAIRD AS TRILBY.
tia« beautifully ignored all rules, and by a |
mdling of words and an undeniably i
reatment of the tattered subject of
tic and mesmeric power, inter- !
. with artistic and characteristic
i;as challenged the admiration
and devotion of the world.
Americans are discoverers. The wit and
eccentric grace of George dv Mauriers j
drawings have always been admired and
appreciated; but when one lucky day he I
became inspired to do something more
ambitious I -:i English publishers \
hesitated to encourage an ambition they I
hever had suspected. "Trilby" was finally |
launched upon the choppy *ea of publig |
opinion by an American publishing com- j
an I from the first met with smooth j
sailing and sunny weather. Since it was j
dramatized by Paul Potter it has even |
been more popular. Alter having reigned \
there for nearly two years it has at last i
touched the English fancy, and is the sen- i
fation of the day. It is to be played in
France, and in time the Russians and Ger
mans will have their Trilbies.
It is interesting to note and contemplate I
the different individualities that poor
Trilby has been trraced withal by the
several actres-es who have i>layed the role.
At present England boasts of only one
Trilby. Miss Virginia Harned was the
hrst to present "Trilby in America. Paul
I'otter's dramatization was produced by
A. M. Palmer in Boston at the Boston
I heater ia. ; April. It met with instan
taneous success. Miss Harned gave to the
character more of the abandon and
coquetry of a woman of the world than
the simple, o:>en-hearted frankness of Dv
Manner's unique heroine. Though Miss
Harned was tender and lovable in the I
emotional scenes she lacked the at- j
here which thould surround the ideal
Trilby.
Misa Mabel Amber, who has made such
an excellent impression in her portrayal
of the character, is charming in "her lack
of affectation. .She (rives us a robust, j
healthy pirl, true-hearted, unselfish and |
honest. Miss Amber is a practical woman, j
er.d. despite her art, she now and then
imbues the impressible Trilby with a
life that unfortunately robs the character ■
of the soul Da Manner intended. Never- j
theless, Miss Amber i 3 a pretty woman j
and a talented actress.
Miss Blanche Walsh, who has super- j
Wilton Lackaye as Svengali.
seded Miss Harned in the New York cast
of "Trilby," has met with public favor in
her interpretation; and yet Miss Walsh
tacks in a marked degree the sweet and
honest naturalness one instinctively longs
for and expects in the jolly, childish young
woman of the Quartier Latin. Blanche
Walsh is known throughout the United
States as a capable actress, intelligent,
painstaking and a loyal, true American.
She is one to be proud of; yet, with all
honesty, we must admit that she lacks the
undercurrent of heart-music which must
be heard in the soul ere success unchal
lenged comes to stay. Affectation and un
natural intonations soon form a debris of
contradictions through which even genius
cannot struggle.
Miss Edith Crane, who has come into
notice but recently, ha 3 been winning
praise and compliment in her assumption
of the role of Trilby in A. M. Palmer's
Western Company.
In the "Merry World" Miss Amelia
Summerviile presents the prettiest stage
picture of Trilby yet seen. Thou h she is
supposed to burlesque the part, her en-
Irance in the military coat and shambling
slippers is electrical, for at once one sees
the living picture of Dv Maurier's dainty
sketch, ''Wistful and Sweet."
The English Trilby, Miss Dorthea
Baird, who is playing the part in Mr.
Tree's company at the Hay market Theater,
London, is* undoubtedly the breathing
realization of Dv Maurier's brain-child.
It is said that he gasped with wonder and
amazement when lirst he beheld the living,
moving beinc his fancy had conjured.
Miss Baird is tall and well formed. Her
English is pure, untainted with the con
glomeration of long-drawn, drawling
vowels, which is too often affected by the
imported Anglomaniacs who are totally
ignorant of the perfect mother tongue.
English, pure and simple, is musical
and pleasant to the ear, but when it
becomes jumbled with the lingo of a back
woods Vermonter, and the twang of a
Missourian, sprinkled with a trifle of the
New York vernacular, it becomes as harsh
and discordant as the din and crash of a
Chinese orchestra. Miss Baird scores a
j point which thus far seems to have wholly
escaped the attention of American
Trilby With Billie, Taffy and the
: Laird, she is the high-spirited, devil-may
i care pet of the studios. "When Sven^ali
! comes on the scene her whole manner
j undergoes a change, and the effect of his
j diabolical influence is at ones perceptible.
i Her body seems to wilt, her shoulders
| droop, and her whole attitude exhibits an
inward nervousness and unrest.
I Her voice becomes weak and tremulous
when she falters. ''Don't look at me like
that, Svengali!" Instinctively one shud
ders at the subtle power he is exercising
Mr. Tree as Svengali.
ovrr her. There have been, and will be,
many Trilbies, yet after all the real con
ception of a character is often hampered
and made weak by the Insufficient knowl
edge of an inferior stage manager, for me
diocrity is oftttimes cloaked beneath the
draperies of a little brief authority.
To the student of psychology and the
amateur hypnotist the unwashed and un
tidy Svengua is an anomaly admired
though always repulsive. There are many
Bvenealia in everyday life; they are breed
ers of misfortune and misery to all who
come in contact with theni. However,
thrir ambitions are not always as exalted
as 1)h Manner's tangle-haired musician.
Wilton Lackaye created the wonderful
part of Svengali. and wonderfully subtle
is his impersonation. He lias justly
earned the success and recognition which
his powerful performance brings him. Mr.
Lackaye is a student and a man of rare in
telligence. Every movement of his body,
every gesture of his insinuating binds,
every glance of his peculiar balgin* eyes,
has been studied as carefully an<l minutely
as an engraver would scan the delicate
traceries in a piece of thread lace. Mr.
Lackaye is a man of moods. He in in
clined to be cynical, yet i* withal most
sensitive. He is a supeVior actor, and
SvengaJi will always be remembered n«
one of his best impersonations.
W. H. Thompson, who played Svengnli
at the Madison Garden Theater when Air.
Lackaye was called to Chicago last sum
mer, did not realize the great success his
Lost of admirers had hoped for. In short
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
M. DU MAURIER, AUTHOR OF "TRILBY," AT HIS DRAWING . TABLE.
character parts (or bits) Mr. Thompson
has no superior on the American stage.
He is a bold artist, broad and true in col
oring; but he loses magnetism and power
when he attempts to play a part on which
other characters depend. His is an en
thusiasm so intense and sincere that it
burns out quickly, though 'tis brilliant
while it lasts. His Svengali was a thick
voiceti, heavy-bodied, impassible Jew;
lacking the intense nervous force which
should imbue such a character. His hyp
notic powers were unconvincing, and even
a girl of Trilby's susceptible nature
would have been inclined to blurt out,
"What ails you, Svengali?''
Mr. Beerbohrn Tree, the English Sven-
William U. Thompson as Svengali.
gali, is quite original in his conception of
the part, though lie follows to some degree
the methods of Mr. Lackaye. Apropos,
Mr. Tree went many times to witness Mr.
Lackaye's performance when he was in
New York last season. Mr. Tree's Sven
gali Is a greasy, unkempt individual, with
a dirty woolen shirt half o})en at the neck.
He wears a slouchy cap of the Tarn
O'Snanter order, and" has his threadbare
coat buttoned imposingly tisht, accentu
ating the twistings and writhings of his
thin body. He attempts to be funny and
apes the manners of a jolly bohemian,
thus making his poverty and ambitions
more •pathetic.
His love for music and his despair at not
MISS MABEL AMBER AS TRILBY.
being able to sing are positively touching.
His crisp, demoniacal laugh makes one
shudder, and his hideou-j enthusiasm
when he discovers that Trilby has a voice
is marvelous. From that moment he be
comes the schemer and exercises his power
hypnotic over Trilby. The dream of his
life is to "be admired and applauded; to
be rich and have diamonds, horses
and carriages and to wear a great big over
coat lined with beautiful warm fur, my
Gecko." That becomes his greatest am
bition, and when in the third act he
enters with Trilby by his side there
is an involuntary gosp from the audience.
There he stands defiant. He has on his
"great overcoat lined with fur, diamonds
sparkle on liis broad white shirt front, and
in his hand he carries a gold-tipped
baton." He holds himself erect and
proud, "the great Svengali." Even his
death is magnetic, baffled as he is by the
three Englishmen, whom he considers his
enemies. Mr. Tree has made a profound
success in London and "Trilby will be
the rage for a year to come. Thus we see
the virtue of an American boom. W. A.
Brady is forming a company to play
"Trilby" in Australia. It is cafe to say
money and success await him there.
Tkei.ta Foltz Toland.
TELLS ONE ON HIMSELF.
A Xew Missouri Congressman Who Did
Xot Know Grover "Was I^oadecl.
Congressman Hubbard of Missouri tells
a good story on himself. A few days ago
he conceived the idea of calling on Presi
dent Cleveland at the White House in a
social capacity. He began to feel a trifle
nervous ovsr it as the hour drew nigh,
and in order to have no untoward happen
ing he rehearsed a prettji little speech of
which he would deliver himself when he
stood face to face with the President. The
speech ran like this:
"Mr. President, my name is Hubbard.
lam a Congressman from Missouri. You
will probably remember me when I tell
yon tnat I beat Silver Dick Bland."
Habbard committed his little speech
until he was perfect in it and could rattle
it. off in his sleep, and then started for the
White House, ever and anon, as he went
along, turning the lines over in his mind
to make cock sure of saying them just
right when the occasion should arrive.
He reached the White House, where his
name was taken to the President, and he
was ushered In to be received. Before
Hubbard could say a word the President
reached out his hand and said:
"Ah, you aro Mr. Hubbard of Missouri,
and you beat Bland."
The President had taken the speech out
of Hubbard's mouth, and the Missourian
had neglected to commit another. He felt
terribly confused and for several seconds
was at a loss what to say. But he finally
recovered his balance, and, remembering
that the President was fond of shooting
and fishing, he began to tell him what
treat hunting ihey have in Missouri. The
Pre-ident said he* was giad to hail a fel
low sportsman in him, and by this time
Hubbard's nerve was up to the required
notch for him to venture his congratula
tions upon the stand he had taken on the
Venezuelan question. By the time he left
the White House he felt confident of his
ability to unreel a tariff speech in the
House. — Washington Post.
The Kussinii Calendar.
Russia, whose calendar is twelve day 3
behind ours, proposes to change to the
(Gregorian calendar after the beginning of
the now century. The authorities have
not yet decided whether to jump over the
thirteen days at once or to accomplish
their object gradually by omitting the nrst
twelve leap years of the century. It would
then require forty-eight years to brin"
about the change.
A WONDERFUL MYSTERY WHICH
ONLY THE DIG CAN SOLVE
BY W. O. MORROW.
A few days ago G. W. Hoffman, the
electrician of the San Jose Electric Im
provement Company, went to the com
pany's power-house, passed through the
dynamo-room, in which the oiler, George
Johnson, was at work, and entered a small
room adjoining, containing the switch
board. He had been there but a few sec
onds when Johnson, heariag him groan,
hurried in and found him sitting on the
floor, evidently in pain. Hoffman looked
up, made a futile attempt to rise and
said: "George, I'm done for." Five min
utes afterward he was dead, having by
some accident received a fatal shock of
electricity.
The most peculiar circumstance in the
case is the man's knowledge that he was
killed. As the current bad entered his j
hand and passed out through his foot his j
brain had not been paralyzed; hence he
not only recognized the oiier, but was
conscious of being fataliv hurt. Tne enor- !
mous force of 2500 volts had passed j
through his vitals. That he lived any j
length of time at all is almost as wonder- j
ful as the clearness both of his external
and internal perception, for the frightful
violence which the current must have |
done to all the vital part of him below the |
head would seem sulh'cient to have dis- i
organized all his faculties. Had he not |
been fatally hurt it is likely that he would
have been unconscious, or at least in too
great pain to speak or to recognize his
surroundings.
His conduct was evidence that nature
had performed again one of its incredible
miracles — it had whispered to him and
made him understand within a sr>ace of a
few seconds a secret that no uninjured
man can hear, and that was the secret of
death. "Within recent years medical jour
nals have published able studies of the
proposition that death is generally wel
come and pleasant. Were it not so, then
life would be monstrous. But the great
mystery of a dying man's knowledge that
he is dying — that for Ihe first time in his
existence he has come to an understand
ing of death— is the more wonderful thing.
It is easy for all of us to speak of death.
We all know that at some time we must
die, and some of us announce that we are
dying when we are not, but there are few
of us who can realize that we can form no I
conception whatever of death except the j
trivial and wholly inadequate one based i
on its external manifestation. The sub- j
ject is so mysterious as to be alluring; but i
as I, being one not dying, can form no
idea of that condition I am able only to j
give the subject such a surface analysis as ';
may prove interesting if not instructive.
A dying man's cheerful acceptance of
death is the result of what pathologies
term the natural preparation for that
event. That is to say, if death be not in
stantaneous while the health is pood or
does not impair the perceptive faculties the
rational part of one is made aware of the
presence of death when it is at hand. It
is a marvelous adjustment of things that a
knowledge of this presence usually brings
no terror, but rather content. When there
appears to be fear it may be generally
ascribed to an automatic persistence of
tne instinct to live.
There is no better way to express the
matter than in the words of a thouehtful
physician, who once said this to me: "In
my opinion, that which makes ns avoid
dangers that might cause our death haaits
origin in a dread of pain and not in a fear
of death, for we can have no conception
of the condition of death in our own cases,
nor of the experience of dying. You will
observe among the lower animals that the
death of one of their kind gives them no
concern whatever, and yet they will en
deavor to avoid that which produced the
death of thtir comrade if they know that
it will cause pain. You make take two
dogs and give one of them poisoned meat
in the presence of the other." The one not
poisoned will see his companion die in
agony, and still will readily take other
poisoned meat. That is simply because he
cannot understand the action oi poisons.
The same dog would run as readily from
a small whip that would only sting him
as from a club that would kill him. He
runs because he wishes to avoid pain. He
did not run from the poison because he
did not know that it would produce pain.
"The conduct of human beings is in
fluenced by identically the same considera
tion, except that their higher intelligence
informs them that some things which do
not cause pain may produce death.
Among these are narcotic poisons. But in
thus avoiding death they are merely avoid
ing what they know only to be a condition
repugnant to the instinct of life. It is
only the man's wider knowledge that
makes him avoid dancers which a dog
would not comprehend; neither knows
death, and the instinct to live does not
carry with it the knowledge of death. Yet
the dog's instinct is safer than the man's
wisdom, for men acquire habits and per
sist in indulgences which they know will
kill them.
"There can be no such thing, in my
opinion, as fear of death. When a aog
knows that he is going to die he seeks a
retired place and dies in peace. 'We tro
through life with the utmost indifference
of the end, yet we know that we must all
die. The matter of preparing for a pos
sible life beyond th's is not a factor in the
case. That means life, not death. That
is to say, we can imagine a liie even be
yond this, but we cannot imagine death."
That ail sounds rational.
The condition of death and the act of
dying are separate matters. Even the
dying, though they may know they are
dying, give evidence of that fact only, so
far as we can be certain. The visions
which many of them see may be attributed
to a disorganizing mentality. Some of
them do know, however, that they are
dying, and as dying is an entrance upon
the condition of death it might be rash for
us to say that they cannot see the condi
tion behind the act. But that is mere
guessing; the subject is beyond the com
prehension of any except the one who is
dying.
"Returning to the subject of a natural
preparation for death, it may be seen ope
rating in a marvelous diversity of ways.
It is not dillicult to imagine how a fatal
disease of 'he body, progressing through a
considerable time, will gradually bring the
mind to accept the inevitable and so break
down the iustinct to live (for it would be
reasonable to suppose that this instinct
would die with the necessity for its per
sistenco), and m such a case it is not diffi
cult to imagine that the preparation would
end in a cheerful acceptance of death. It
is wonderful, however, to reflect that this
preparation of the mind through a fatal
bodily injury may consume but the small
est fraction of time, as it did in the case
of the electrician at San Jose. lam as
suming a complete preparation — not only
that which makes death acceptable, but
that which recognizes its presence when it
comes.
Take the case of a man shot through the
heart. If he is not instantly killed he will
very likely say, "I am killed." He will
not call for a doctor, for his knowledge,
acquired in an instant, is that a doctor's
services would be useless, and such a cal
would mean that the instinct of life hadl
not been destroyed. Nor does he betray
any alarm. He remarks, simply as a
matter of information to those about him,
"I am killed." Such cases have been in
numerable. A current of electricity tear
ing through a man's vitals or a bullet
plowing tl rough his body might be ex
pected to cause inconceivable pain. The
curious part of it is that an injury suf
ficiently severe to cause -death at" once
seems instantly to produce a condition of
insensibility to pain. This means to say
that dying is painless, whether it be
brought about by an injury or disease.
Were it not so the dying man through
whom a fatal current or a bullet had just
passed would be in so great agony that he
could perceive nothing, not even the ad
vent of death, and could much less an
nounce that he was dying.
Wore mysterious than the inconceivably
quick preparation of the man who has re
ceived a fatal injury is the readiness with
which condemned men mount the scaffold
to be hanged. lam prepared to hear all
sorts of arguments against an assumption
that in this case there has been effected a
natural preparation for death. It will he
said that the condemned has become "re
signed" (which is really but another name
for natural preparation), or that he is sus
tained by pride, or that lie has firmly
fixed his hopes on a future life of happi
ness (which again is but another wording
for natural preparation).
The subject is very obscure, but all the
more fascinating for that. Many men
who had been thoroughly resigned to the
scaffold have been reprieved, but none of
them has furnished a record of his exact
mental condition at the time when he
thought death was at hand. It is a sig
nificant fact, however, that when re
prieved, even after mounting the scaffold,
the condemned has never, so far as I have
been able to learn, exhibited any extraor
dinary emotion. There was no wild and
delirious joy over the return of a prospect
of prolonged life. On the contrary, it is
generally remarked in the reports of such
cases that the condemned showed no
marked emotion, being very much less
moved than the bystanders. We may
imagine that he was really ready to die;
that, as in the case of the well man shot
through the heart, nature had brought
him to accept death cheerfully. The
agitation which n: any condemned men
exhibit on the scaffold may or may not be
the operation of the instinct to live — there
are other ways of accounting for it.
The reprieved man, assuming that he
has parted with the instinct to live, will
recover it quickly and of course uncon
sciously. In other words, he will never
realize that he has been in any very strange
mental condition, vastly different from any
that he had ever experienced before, for
these changes must be beyond his percep
tion, just as an insane man rarely knows
of his infirmity. Hence we could not ex
pect a reprieved man to give a record of
his impressions.
The question now opens into a broad
and bewildering field. It brings us face to
face with martyrdoms, in which death has
been met with p< rfect cheerfulness. It is
conceivable that here, as with a con
demned man, there has come about a nat
ural preparation for death analogous to
that seen in the case of the man dying of a
slow disease or killed by a shot through
the heart. A knowledge of the certainty
of death within a definite time or under
known circumstances has performed the
function of disease or fatal injury. The
inquiry reaches far beyond this, but we
must stop it here. The suicide clearly be
longs in the category of those in whom
the preparation is complete, for in such a
case it must be that the Instinct Ol life
— the thing which makes us avoid causes
that produce death — has perished. The
fact that the suicide not only accepts
death, but goes out of his way to bring it,
often employing in that pursuit means
which inflict the most terrible pains, is
sufficient proof that death is welcome when
life is no longer feasible.
The subject is so involved in mystery
that little more than speculation is pos
sible in discussing it, but is sufficiently in
teresting, even though it may not be im
portant, to attract far more attention than
it has received.
FOR THE STATE'S BENEFIT
The Development Committee at I
Work in the City and
Country.
Arranging for California Exhibits in
Chicago and Other Eastern
Cities.
The State Development Committee is
actively at work upon the new lines re
cently laid out by the executive com
mittee. It will be remembered that it
was decided to increase the committee by
adding to the original body several well
known men in each county. Invitations
were sent to many prominent men all
over the State to assist in the work. To
these letters dozens of answers have been
received at the headquarters in the Mills
building, and but few have excused them
selves from serving. Most all of the
writers expressed themselves as being
thoroughly in sympathy with the move
ment, and they promised to do all in their
power to aid in building up the State.
The solicitors sent out to secure sub
scriptions in aid of the work of making
permanent exhibits of California products
in the Eastern cities are meeting with re
markable success. Those who would be
the most likely to be beneli ted are asked
to subscribe a dollar a month for a year.
These solicitors are to begin work in the
same direction in the other cities and in
the country.
The first move to be made with this
money will be to establish in Chicago a
general California State headnnarters, with
aline exhibit of all tlie products of this
State. The headquarters will also be a
bureau of information for those who are
interested in the Golden West. In time
excursions of tourists and prospective set
tlers will be started from that point. As
soon as the headquarters is established at
least twenty other exhibits will be placed
in as many other Eastern cities. With
these will be started out two lecturers,
who will be provided with a large collec
tion of stereopticon slides from all parts
Of the State, and lectures similar to tnose
given at Atlanta will be j:iven all over the
East. Two cooking exhibits of California
products will also be started out. The
cooking department at the Atlanta ex
position created a great demand for Cali
fornia products among those who visited
the big fair, and the intention is to con
tinue this lin-3 of work, so that the Euslern
demand for the products of this State will
become general.
Such exhibits as these, it is believed by
those who are hard at work upon the pro
ject, will have trreat influence upon thole
who leave the East and settle In the West.
Particular attention will be given to in
ducing only desirable people to come to
California, and principally those who have
money. The argument has been raised
that the unemployed of this coast should
be provided for before any others are in
duced to come this way. This is met with
the statement that this State is no more
unfortunate in the matter of its unem
ployed than the East. By bringing well
to-do people to California "the large tracts
of lands will of necessity be worked, and
this of itself will give employment to large
numbers of those who at present are un
able to secure work.
At any rate the State Development Com
mittee is thoroughly in earnest in its work
and ir is expected that the results of its
efforts will be made manifest before long
In the fourteenth century a fashion
came into vogue in France, Spain and
Italy of two wedding rintjs being us«d in
the marriage ceremony. Tuey were con
nected by a chain and one was placed on
the rineer of the bride, the other on that of
the gioom.
NEW TO-DAY.
FREETOALL
A Practical Test of the Matchless
Chronic Disease Treatment.
Free to All "Who Call in Person at the
Offices of the Copeland Medical In-
stitute, 916 Market Street. .
To enable all to obtain some definite under-
standing of their new system of chronic dis-
ease treatment and to test its great practical
advantages over all other methods Drs. Cope-
land, Neal and Winn offer to all sufferers from
Catarrh or other curable chronic maladies a
trial treatment free. Remember, that ail who
apply in person will now be cordially welcome
to a careful examination, advice and treat-
ment, upon their first visit, absolutely free of
charge.
POLYPI PAIOTUESSI.T REMOVED.
The Experience of Mrs. A. M. Rudolph
of Oakland.
Mrs. A. M. Rudolph, whose portrait Is given
below, and who lives at 1471 Fifth street, Oak-
land, is a lady who is well and favorably
known in that city, She says:
Mrs. A. M. Rudolph, 1471 Fifth --i., Oakland.
My trouble commenced some twelve years
ago. It began with catarrh, the result of neg-
lected cold; this brought on a polypus growth
in my nostrils. My nostrils gradually stopped
up, and for years I could not breathe through
them, compelling me to keep my mouth open
all the time. I lost my appetite; could not
sleep; ran down in flesh and strength, and was
thoroughly miserable. I went to many doc-
tors, but could not obtain relief. I was afraid
of their barbarous methods of removing the
tumors. I had read so much of the Copeland
Medical Institute, and one day read of a case
exactly like mine. 1 then went to them and
placed my case in their care. They removed
the. tumors painlessly and without loss of
blood; the relief at once was worth a hundred
times what it cost. I can now breathe through
my nostrils freely and ieel better in every way.
I want every one to know the great good Drs.
Copeland, Neal and Winn have done for me,
and am only too glad to add my testimony in
their favor.
THE MAIL, TREATMENT.
The following letter proves the mail treat-
j ment a success:
San Luis Obispo, Nov. 14, 1895.
Dear Doctors— l will need no more treatment,
as lam now satisfied that I am cured. You
can publish my statement to that effect. I
thank you very much for the interest you have
taken in my case. THEODORE THORP.
$5 A MONTH.
•No fee larger than $5 a month asked for aar
disease. Our motto is: "A Low Fee. Quick
Cure. Mild and Painless Treatment."
Tie Ccjslai Meflieal Mints,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN THE
COLUMBIAN BUILDING,
SECOND FLOOR,
916 Market St. Next to 3aldwi.i Hotal f
Over Beamish's.
W. H. COPELAND, M.D.
J. G. NEAL, M.D.
A. C. WINN, M.D.
SPECIALTIES— Catarrh and all diseases of
the Eye, Ear, Throat and Lungs. Nervous Div
eases, Skin Diseases, Chronic Diseases.
Office hours— 9 a. H. to 1 p. If., 2t05 ?. m.,
j7 to 8 :30 P. U. Sunday— lo a. m. to 2P. M.
Catarrh troubles ivnd kindred diseases treated
successfully by mail. Send 4 cents in scamps
•for question circulars.
f^ift-yf^flff if fci)M^jtfiK wg '^* ga * H £^37 Tr3 '- K * ; *'' u **{7'.A7 y yn*r''riT** T *
$80.
Parlor — Silk Brocatelle, 5-reice Salt, plush
trimmed.
Bedroom— 7-Peice Elegant Suit, bed, bureau,
wa-ihstand, two chairs, rocker ami table; pil-
lows, woven wire mid top mattress.
Dining-Room— O-Jb'oat Extension Table, four
Solid Oat Chairs.
Kitchen— Xo. 7 Kange, Patent Kitchen Table
and two Chairs.
EASY PAYMENTS.
Houses furnished complete, city or country, any-
where on the Coast. open evenings.
M. FRIEDMAN & GO.,
224 to 230 and 306 Stockton
and 237 Post Street.
ay Free packing and delivery across the bay.
LI PO TAI JR., /T\.
Chinese Tea and Herb L' j
Sanitarium, Srf^Hj!
No. 727 Washington St., ' £ 3
San Francisco, Cal. VS. W
Cor. Brenham Placet above M&s' A
Uieplau. vflJ^Z/j.^
Office Hours: 9to 13, —*^ Vfo fJj^S,
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun-
day, 9 A. 31. to 12 M.
1.1 Fo Tal Jr., son or the famous LI Ps
Tai, has taken hi* father's business,
and is. after eleven years' study la
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases. .
Mo Percentage fharmtcj, m Market SL
PII-CC* ITCHING PILES
ts ban tea Mssr fHNTMFNT
ABSOLUTELY CURBS. ' Iwlfcll I
SYMPTOHS-MolUure; Intense Itcklne and
■tinging! «n«w»t »t nlglit; wori»e by -null Inc. It
allowed t» continue tumor* farm and protrude,
which often bleed and ulcerate, becoming very
•ore SWATHE'S O IXTSIK.\T »top» the Itch Ing
and bleeding, hen!* ulceratlon, und In most Cats*
restore* the tumor* ■•.»* jour Druggui tor it.
3
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Com-
plete digestion and absorption of the food, causa
a healthy action of the Liver and render the Bowels
natural in their operat on without griping
1920
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDUK,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
j<»lly and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier..
Telly and Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00
Tally »nd Sunday Cai l, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Tally and Sunday Cai ... three months by mall 1.60
Itiiiyt: Sunday Cali, one month, by mall.. .65
fc-unday Calx, one year, by mail 1.60
Weekly Call, one year, by maO • 1-60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Kan Francisco, California.
telephone Maln-1888
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
*>l*pbone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES !
880 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open uatU
( :F0 o'clock.
129 Hayes street: open until 9:SO o'clock.
717 Larkia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tt:ll 6 o'clock. SSS
S&lb Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Jib Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Jtooms SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent,
SUNDAY JANUARY 19, 1896
THE CALL *PEAkS FOR ALL.
Sweet is sunshine after rain.
The convention did the proper thing.
Vigorous policies are always in demand.
The free market will help to bring the
home product home to you.
What we call a ilood in California
wouldn't be a freshet in the East.
However loudly money may talk in the
next campaign the deiicit will talk louder.
One of the good effects of the rain has
been to put all the dry winter prophets in
soak.
Now that the Senators have applauded a
prayer for free Cuba they should try to
live up to it.
We may now start the festivals, for as '
soon as the sunshine returns the flowers
will be ready.
in has save! r.impos by recalling
him and she can save his army by pursu
■ same ta I
The war flurries are about over and the
big controversies are settling into shape
for dei . ety topics.
So long as Canada keeps tip her church
quarrels there will be very little annexation
talk on this side of the line. .
The strife between the British and the
Boors promises to the native African
a show in his own country.
"America for Americans" means at this
juncture that America will protect her
citizens all round the world.
A vigorous foreign policy on the part of
this country is not war, but it must be
carried into Africa just the same.
It was a bad mistake of Krueger to mix
American miners up with British raiders
and he must be made to sort them out
The arrest of American miners gives
Olney a chance to show his hand in the
affair? of Transvaal by putting his foot
do'.vn.
From the eagerness with which some
people discuss them one would suppose
that scandals are the greatest of novelties
in society.
The Democratic city committee of Boston
has a deficit of fSS6O 07 from the last cam
paign, and. consequently, is in good shape
to indorse Grover.
Harrison must have been something
more than a receptive candidate in the
matrimonial market, or else the leap year
icky for him.
A new aspirant for fame has risen up to
declare the American people suffer more
from the drug habit than they do from
either alcohol or tobacco.
Mr-. Grundy owes it to society to an
nounce at once whether leap-year pro
posala are to be regarded as ultimatums or
only as diplomatic hyperbole.
Kven if the flying squadron of Great
Britain should come to the West Indies it
would be only a Dunraven trip, for it could
take no prizes in these waters.
The next Pan-American Congress should
ier the question of a Pan-American
tariff along with other plan?, of the kind to
unite the nations of this hemisphere.
The courtesies of the Presidential cam
paign have begun early for Governor Mor
ton. It is asserted that he wears an im
ported wig instead of home-grown hair.
oland should deal with the Trans- I
va&l Government direct and not through j
the medium of England. If Kruecer is I
sovereign enough to arrest American citi- j
zens he is aiso sufficiently sovereign to be
held responsible and made to turn them
loose.
Profe?sor Francis B. Crocker, the well
known inventor, claims that electrical
mechanism has now reached a point where
it is possible to supply large cities with all
necessary power, heat and light from
dynamos ten miles away, thus avoiding
the use of coal and enabling the most
crowded communities to have an atmos
phere free from smoke and Boot.
New York has always supposed herself
to be the shipping port for all the grain
that comes down the lakes to Buffalo, but
it now appears That while the grain re
ceipts at the lake city were 14,000,000
bushels more in the year 1895 than in the
year l«R0. the receipts at New York were
about 46.000,000 bushels less last year than
they were lifteen years ago.
It is generally supposed that some of all
kinds of people are out of work in New
York, but an artist who wished a model
and advertised for a "tall, distinguished
looking gentleman, about 40, aristocratic
face, stylish clothes, for series of illustra
tions, liberal compensation," failed to get
him. There may be men of that kind out
of a job, but they do not pose as models.
The Galveston-Uallas Xrus has issued a
handsome supplement giving portraits of
the staff of the paper, and in addition
thereto a notable array of men and women
of Texas who bare been subscribers and
readers of the Newt for forty years or more.
The number of these old subscribers is
quite large, and all of them have the hearty
look which proves that the Jfem must be
very healthy reading.
THE CONVENTION.
The convection of yesterday did its
work promptly and did it well. It
was at once aggressive and conserva
tive. It did all that was needed to
attest California's earnest opposition to
any form of a funding scheme and did not
weaken the strength and justice of that
position by attempting to go further. The
action taken and the resolutions adopt
ed can be ratified and indorsed by
men of all shades of opinion. They
do not undertake to declare what the Gov
ern mom should do with the road after the
defeat of the refunding scheme. They de
mand simply the enforcement of the law
against the railroad plutocrats as against
the poorest citizen, ami that is all Califor
nia asks or needs for her welfare and
prosperity.
A convention of this kind may be in full
truthfulness said to be representative of
the people of tne State. It was a meeting
of business men called to consider a
matter of most important business to the
public, who proceeded to perform tneir
work with a business-like precision and
directness. It stuck strictly to the task
before it and turned aside for no other
issue wnatever. Even those who may have
wished the convention had gone further
will certainly support it as far as it
did go. We are among those who hold
that it went far enough — that it did exactly
the right thing in the right way with the
right spirit and at the right time.
The whole tenor of the resolutions from
the first "whereas" to the closing expres
j sion of resolve is honest, virile, straight
! forward and just. They enter a solemn
i protest against any refunding bill what
ever and they request of the Govern
ment the beginning of foreclosure
proceedings at once. This is all that needs
■to be done at this juncture. New prob
i lems may arise in the future, but these
■ can be dealt with in the future.
j The issue now is clearly embodied
in the resolutions. There remains to
the people the plain duty of supporting
! the work of the convention by co-operating
vigorously with the committee appointed
' to carry it on. The prospects are pro
| pitious. The people are united, the cause
j is just, able leaders are to the front, and
with resolute action the victory will be
i ours.
A VOICE PEOM THE PAST.
The United States Circuit Court has
been engaged during the past week in
listening to the reading of the record of
the Pattison Railway Commission as a por
tion of the evidence introduced on behalf
of the People of California in the pending
action to enjoin their Railroad Commis
sioners from performing the duties im
posed by the express terms of the State
constitution.
The situation is somewhat singular. The
court is occupied in hearing the declara
tions of the controlling spirits of
the Central and Southern Pacific
railroads, made under oath almost
ten years ago before a Congressional
Committee, and now exhumed from the
uu.-ty archives of the past to be used
with overwhelming force against these two
corporations, although the lips of all of
the then living witnesses, save one, are
now closed in death. The incident illus
trates aptly the truth embodied in the
poem of "Eugene Aram's Dream" —
So wills the !Wce avenging sprite,
Til blocxi for bloo<i atones;
Aye, though he's buried in a cave
And trodden down with stones,
And years have rotted on" his flesh,
The world shall see his bones.
The Pattison Railway Commission was
one of the most remarkable bodies which
ever met in California, made an inquisi
tion or formulated a report. It was
an absolutely honest and perfectly fear
less Congressional committee, appointed
and equipped with power to investigate
the scandals ■which had arisen over the
construction of the Pacific railroads and
of which the stench had blown east
ward and into the halls of Con
gress until some inquiry into their
origin and nature became a public ne
cessity. At the instance of Pattison of
Pennsylvania the commission was ap
■i with himself at the head. It came
to California, and during the years of
■7 conducted the investigation which
is now finding its way into the
records of the Federal courts. For a
time the magnates of the railroad felt
themselves bound to submit to examina
tion and testified with a certain degree of
freedom. But they soon discovered
that the keenness of scent with
which Pattison sought for the
truth was more than their record of dis
honesty could endure and they then ap
pealed to certain of their pliant tools upon
the bench of the Federal courts for protec
tion. It was granted. The Pattison com
mission was told that it could not force
testimony from unwilling lips or compel
the production of incriminating records,
and the commission was obliged, re
luctantly, to forego its effort, and base its
report upon the evidence already ad
duced. That report, which was prob
ably written by Pattison himself, is
one of the most scathing arraignments of
the Pacific railroads which has ever been
put to print. The present Federal court
may feel impelled to refuse it admission
as a part of the evidence in the pending
case, but its conclusions, based as they are
upon the declarations of the railroad
builders themselves, it should hesitate to
disagree with or disregard.
There have been some singular things
developed recently with reference to this
report. It is contained in several volumes
of public records, and at one time was
easy of access upon the shelves of local
libraries. Strange to say, from every pub
lic library and from many semi-public
places such as newspaper offices these
volumes have mysteriously disappeared
until it is now almost an impossibility to
find a complete set of the reports in this
City. In view of this fact it is
interesting to learn that the substance of
the commissions work is to be made a
portion of the record of the Federal court,
from which it is hardly credible to believe
the same interested larcenist wil-1 have
the audacity to attempt its abstraction.
POSTAL SAVINGS.
In past years whenever an attempt to
pass a postal-savings scheme through Con
gress failed the cry was raised that the de
feat represented the influence of the banks.
We have not observed that attention has
been called to any such opposition in the
case of the postal-savings measures which
have been recently introduced in Congress.
The logic of the case is antagonistic to any
assumption of bank opposition, for the
reason that as the interest proposed to be
paid by the Government is much smaller
than that paid by savings banks a postal
saving account would more than likely be
transferred to savings banks after it had
reached a size sufficient for bank-account
purposes.
As a rule economy and its extreme ex
pression, penuriousness, are the result of
necessity. Californiana scorned to use any
coin smaller than a 25-OMit piece until op
portunities for making a great deal of
money with little effort became restricted.
The same rule applies to small saviDga;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
they are not likely to be made by prosper
ous persons. At the same time it is well
to teach children the importance of say
ing, and hence it is in the education of the
young that a postal-saving institution
would have one of its highest uses.
The best plan in operation in Europe
may be illustrated by using the names of
American coins in describing it. A person
may deposit a sum as small as a cent. An
account is opened with him. For his cent
be is given a card divided into ten com
partments, each the size of a one-cent
stamp, and a cent stamp which the post
master affixes to the card. For ten cents
the entire card is thus filled, and in ex
change for it the depositor receives a card
divided into ten compartments, each de
signed to receive ten ten-cent stamps.
Upon surrendering his one-cent card he is
given a ten-cent card with one of the com
partments rilled with a ten-cent stamp.
\Vhen this card is filled he surrenders it
and receives another card divided into ten
compartments, but each represent? $1, and
one of the compartments is filled with a
$1 stamp in exchange for the filled ten-cent
card which he has surrendered. The next
card has $10 compartments.
The system is so simple that any child can
understand it, our decimal system making
it peculiarly applicable to this country.
Whether or not any of the bills before
Congress embody this plan we are not
informed, but if not it should be presented,
and the measure could find no more suita
ble advocates than the great labor organi
zations of the country.
THE NATIONAL CONVENTIONS.
The contest among the larger cities of
the East for the Democratic National Con
vention became, toward the close, a rivalry
between Chicago and St. Louis, and re
sulted in the success of the former. The
result is regarded as something of a vic
tory for the gold wing of the party. Cer
tain it is that the New York influence,
when it was found imnossible to carry the
convention to that city, was exerted on
behalf of Chicago, and, as New York is de
voted to the gold interest, it is not likely
that her choice between the rival cities
was determined solely by geographical
considerations.
Now that the calls for both of the great
National conventions have been issued,
Presidential politics will rapidly increase
in interest until it becomes the absorbing
issue of the time. It seems evident that
we are to have a campaign widely differ
ent from any that have taken place since
the war. The breaking up of the Solid
South is but one of the many proofs of the
changed conditions that politicians and
statesmen will have to confront in making
the canvass. Along with these changes in
conditions there will be changes in the
issues that are to be discussed, and, ac
cordingly, tha campaign will have the
interest of novelty added to that of the
usual excitement of oratory and proces
sions.
It is satisfactory to note that all the
changes wliich have taken place either in
conditions or in issues have been strength
ening to the Republican party. The break ■
in the solid South, that stronghold of I
Bourbon Democracy, has not been more \
complete than the break in Democracy it
self. The very fact that the selection of a
site for holding the National Convention I
was regarded as a contest between rival !
factions of the party is an evidence of how
far the factional divisions are carried, and
how easy it is to rouse them to antagonism j
on any subject upon which the party as a
whole is called upon to decide and to act.
Both conventions will in all probability
be unusually exciting this year, but there
will be a wide difference between the two
in the causes of the excitement, and that
difference will illustrate the contrast that
exists betweei. the conditions of the par
ties themselves. In the Republican Con-
vention there will be harmony in the male
ing of the platform, and the interest will !
lie in the struggle to decide among many
able leaders as to which shall be chosen
for the Presidency. In such a contest
there will be much vigor and much enthu
siasm, but no sign of those dissensions
that weaken a party at the beginning of a
campaign. Very different will be the con
tests that will rage in the Democratic Con
vention. Xo great popular leaders will vie
with one another for victory there. The '
contests will be over the principles of the •
platform, and if they end without causing I
the convention to break up in confusion it
will he only because one faction or the i
other is willing to carry compromises to
the verge of subserviency.
WANTED- A VOLCANO.
A valued correspondent, whose imagina
tion has been fired by the news that Kil
auea. the famous Hawaiian volcano, is
again active, writes to secure the opinion
of The Call on the probability of renewed
activity in one or more of the ancient vol
canoes which constitute such remarkable
features of th« topog.raphv of California,
and expresses a hope that such a happen
ing will occur to add to the already long
list of the State's attractions. lie in
geniously arjjue's that "in Mexico we have
active volcanoes to the left of us, in Alaska
an active volcano to the right of us, in the
Sandwich Islands an active volcano in
front of us, and at home many desolate
and dreary old craters that sit sullen, de
crepid and silent."
It is in the nature of all things earthly to
be born, to live and to die. This is as true
of wliimsies, humors and forms of badinage
as of races, dynasties and volcanoes. Read
ing the story of the rocks of California we
find that our great volcanoes have been
slumbering for a longer time than Vesu
vius and jfctna were ever known to remain
asleep, and this gives us cause to despair
of their awakening.' Since scientists have
disposed, in a rather high-handed manner,
of the connection between volcanoes and
earthquakes, which may crack badly built
houses, it might be pleasant to have
Shasta, or Lassens Peak, or St. Helena
"belch forth fire, smoke and lava," but it
is sufficiently interesting to reflect on the
wonderful things that our volcanoes did
while they were in business.
The greatest of them all was Shasta, but
the most wonderful was St. Helena, which
is so near San Francisco that it may be
seen from the higher eminences about the
City. While Shasta, commencing on a
plain 3000 feet above the level of the sea,
built a beautiful symmetrical cone nearly
12,000 feet above the p/ain, St. Helena re
versed the course of a river and created a
petrified forest. And this, in the slow
fashion of geology in telling its tales, was
only the other day — that is to say, many
thousands of years ago.
In the early days, before Dana saw ante
lope come down to the water's edge on the
Marin shore and gaze curiously at the
ship which passed through the Goiden
Gate with the author of "Two Years Be
fore the Mast," Russian River flowed
almost directly westward to the sea. About
the same time the volcano emitted an in
conceivable amount of ashes, which sifted
through and completely buried a forest of
redwoods near Calistoga. The ashes piled
far above the tree summits, and in the
course of the ages the trees were siiicified.
Then came the eroding rains, washing the
ashes away and leaving the stone trees
standing till an earthquake overturned and
shattered them ; but they lie there to-day,
silently telling their marvelous history.
No active volcano in California could be
more wonderful than the easily read his
tory which they wrote oefore they died.
AN ALLURING WOED.
The various schemes which have been
recently devised for securing the wealth of
gold that all reason teaches us must lie in
the beds of the rivers which come down
from the old hydraulic and placer gold
fields are remindful of the appropriateness
of the word "golden" in its application
to so many objects and conditions in Cali
fornia, and particularly to the Golden
Gate. It is a curious fact that yellow is
the predominating color in California.
Overshadowing all other colors is the yel
low of the sunshine— a peculiar and dis
tinctive characteristic of the natural light.
The prevalent hue of the soil is yellow,
and in summer the plains are carpeted
with the most gorgeous of all yellow
flowers, the amapola, or eschscholtzia, or
California poppy, as one's jaw may be best
fitted to the name; and the gold of our
mines is more yellow than that which any
other part of the world has ever produced
except ancient Etruria.
The configuration of major California
discloses two great valleys forming a con
tinuous plain 500 miles long and 3ixty
miles wide, besides a number of smaller
valleys draining to the common basin into
which the two great valleys pour their
yellow wealth. This place' of common
assembly is the bay of San Francisco, and
thn bay opens to the great ocean through
the Golden Gate. Through this gateway,
so happily named, flows the great yellow
treasure in infinite variety, but nearly
always yellow, to every corner of the earth.
Through the long years of gold-mining
in the area which drains through the
Golden Gate there has been carried down
constantly a stream of gold which the me
chanical genius of men has not been able
to impound. It lies strewn along the beds
of the rivers, it freights the bottom of the
bay of San Francisco, it adds to the rigid
ity of the bar that guards the Golden Gate
in a wido segment of a circle twenty miles
to sea. During inconceivable ages preced
ing the era of gold-mining the streams had
been carrying down this precious treasure
and depositing it wherever it could find a
resting place. Wherever the lava cap cov
ering the beds of the ancient gold-bearing
rivers had been worn away the rains had
washed out the gold and sent it down the
streams and out through the Golden Gate.
Everything that work 3to the dislodging
and developing of the natural resources
that lie in the soil of the yellow plains and
underneath the russet of the hills and
mountains back of them partakes of the
color and value of gold. This must all
pass through San Francisco to be prepared
and refined and made useful, and in that
fact resides the coming greatness of the
City.
PERSONAL.
John S. McMillen of Roche Harbor, Wash.,
arrived here yesterday.
General Manager Kruttschnitt of the
Southern Pacific has returned from a trip over
the Shasta route.
Ex-Judge F. T. Baldwin of Stockton, who has
been unwell for several weeks at the Palace, is
still improving. It is expected he will soon be
able to leave the hotel.
' . H. Speers, for six years past assistant pas
senger agent of the Atlantic find Pacific, has
resigned, the resignation to take effect Feb
ruary 1. Mr. Speers returned from Chicago
yesterday.
Casper Whitney, for a long time connected
with Harper's Weekly as a writer, principally
on sporting matters, is on his way here from
New Yorlc. He is a member of the Amateur
Athletic Union of the United States.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK-
NEW YORK, X. V., Jan. 18.— Among recent
arrivals are: P. Greenbersr, Broadway Central;
G. Radston, Coleman; Mrs. Austin, Gerlach;
E. R, Mauzy, Holland; L. F. Monteagle,
Brunswick; I. H. Morse and wife, St. James;
R. Neviller, Sturtovant; H. O. Smith, Plaza;
J. P. Eisenbach, St. Cloud: 8. C. Legcratt, Marl
borough; E. W. I.inforth, Park Avenue.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Kodak— c. s., Livermore, Alameda County
Cal. Kodak is an arbitrary word, constructed
for trademark purposes. The word was used
a» a verb by Mrs. General Collins in her
work on Alaska, published about three
years ago.
Banta Barbara Lands— F. B. and others,
City and elsewhere. For information about
vacant Government lands in the vicinity of
Spnta Yri"?, Santa Harbara County, commnni
cations should ho addressed to the United
State' Land Ofßce at Los Angeles. A person
desiring to locate on Government land should
first view the land and determine for himself
if it will suit his purpose.
Nevada City— B., Santa Barbara, Cal. The
distance from San Francisco to Nevada City,
Nevada County, in this State, is 144 miles by
rail toColfaz, thence 22 miles by rail or stage to
Nevada City. The population of the place is a
little over 2500. The fare is, rail $5 05, stage
$2 25. Two papers, the Transcript and Herald,
are published there. Nevada City is the center
of a mining district where mines are worked.
States and Territories— S., City. There were
thirteen original States in the Union, the last
of which, Rhode Island, ratified the constitu
tion May '20. 1790. Since then thirty-two
States I'.av.; been admitted, making forty-live
now in the Union. There are now five Terri
tories, namely: New Mexico, Arizona, Indian,
Alaska and * Oklahoma, and one district,
namely, the District of Columbia. The States
admitted since 1890 are: Idaho, July 13.
1890; Wyoming, July 11, 1890, and Utah,
January 4, 1896.
Coon — E. 8., Livermore, Cal. Coon as ap
plied to an individual was an Americanism
first used (luring the early days of the Whig
party, and was intended to apply to a Rly Indi
vidual. Bigelow papers, first series, has the
following:
first place I've been consid'ble In barrooms and
saloons
A-getherln 1 public sentiment 'mongat Democrats
and coons.
The term wa« afterward applied to colored
men, though not in an offensive sense.
ELECIBOCtniON— E. S., Livermore, Cal. Elec
trocution is a modern word coined from elec
tricute, which was adopted to signify the in
fliction of the death penalty by means of
electricity. When tnat method of death pen
alty was suggested it was desired to have a
name for it, and it, was suggested that the
word execute be added to elcctrl, making the
compound word electri-execnte, bnt that was
contracted tc eleotrieute, and a writer on a
Ni >v York paper improved on that by chang
ing the word to electrocution. Philologists
condemn the word electrocute, but it seems to
have been accepted by many newspapers.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Dlps the Insurgent yell!
The Cubans all are routed;
Away they flee pell-mell—
An outcome Spain ne'er doubted.
What, ho ! a change Is flashed 1
And Spain's distress la dire—
Her fincl hope is dashM !
The Cubans hold the wire I
The disappearance of Dr. Fritz Friedmann
from Berlin has caused a sensation in Ger
many. Friedmann was a great criminal law
yer and made $50,000 a year from his profes
sion. He was, however, always in financial
difficulties, lie made a speech at a banquet
one night recently and has not been seen since.
Maude— Young Huggins' engagement was a
very short one.
Mabel— ls it broken already?
"it was broken the very night he proposed."
"You don't say."
"Yes; you see Huggins stutters frightfully,
and it took him nearly twenty minutes to pro
pose, and after he got tnrough the girl spoiled
everything by exclaiming 'This is so sudden.'
Huggins thought she was guying him."—
lonkers Statesman.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
"I say, there must be a reason for every
thing. Don't you know?"
Mr. Partington then lapsed into silence and
renewed work on a portrait of Judge McKin
stry, upon which he was engaged.
"Do you know"— another touch on his
Honor's eye— "why art is in such a bad way
here in"— puts one brush in his mouth and
tries another— "San Francisco?"
"Why?" inquired the visitor mechanically.
"Why? Because the people do not under
stand it. Yes ; that's why. Dear me, my lad,
no other cause."
"What's to be done In the matter?"
"Umph. Simple enough. Give us public art
galleries. Ah, excuse me. Give them art
galleries. I say. That was but a bit of a play,
you know. However"— another long silence,
during which Mr. Partington painted vigor
ously—"as I was about to say, there is a reason
for everything. As a matter of fact, though,
on second thought I said that once before.
Well"— squints at the portrait methodically—
"that is the reason we, or rather they, know so
little about art."
"What is tho reason?"
"Because we have no galleries in which to
educate them. Look here," and the artist put
"I SAY," SAID MR. I'AKTINGTON.
[Sketched by a "Colt" artist.]
his paints and brushes aside for a few mo- I
ments, "let me tell you something. In Eng- \
land, Prance, Germany, Italy, and in fact most i
all countries where art is recognized at all, the i
Government fosters and assists in the estab- :
li-hnu-nt of art galleries. Why, they even go;
po far as to expend considerable sums of money j
to till them with the best pictures obtainable.
"Now consider for a moment the effect such
an institution would have on the public mind? !
It should be made so attractive that the lay- |
man would find It worth while to go there and ;
study with his eye. How many people are I
here to-day who know the elements of good
painting? Few. They have to be taught. I
suppose if any one heard me say this there
would at once be an exception taken, but it is
true, nevertheless. Aye, indeed it is.
"Mark you. Would there not be a better j
market if the buyers understood? I venture!
to say that there is many a bit of work that |
will be sold for a song some day, not because
it is only worth a song, but because there are
more singers than there are admirers. Let
some embryo genius paint a picture that has
the divine touch in it, something that is worth !
a better price than it brings, and it needs the ■
approval of the entire population to sell it for
anything like the amount it is really entitled
to. Pshaw. I say the people do not know.
How can they? The Art Association is all
goofl enough in its way, but It is filled with
local work, and artists all of one quarter are
not likely to see many remarkable traits in |
their neighbors.
"I say," he resumed, switching with wonder
ful rapidity from the chief topic, "Do you •
know the Judge? Is the portrait good of him? j
Jolly fellow, the Judge."
In a moment he was looking into the face j
and painting away again as thoueh the Judge j
■was on the point of getting off the canvas if
the finishing touches were not applied before
sunset.
The visitor smiled, shook hands with the I
artist and went out.
William Kelleher, a pioneer of California,
celebrated far and near in the earlier days of
the State's history for his hospitality and his
admiration and emulation of tne manners of
old Spanish dons, returned recently from Texas
to spend some time among friends here.
People who knew Kelleher had almost for
gotten him, and many had thought him dead,
for in a quarter of a century not a word had
been heard from the singular pioneer who
came back to California as he had left. The
only difference was Kelleher had amassed halt
a million or more dollnrs in his absence from
California, and was, therefore, a very rich man
when he appeared suddenly among old-time
friends with quite as much mystery as when he
left.
One of Kelleher's old associates told an in
teresting story about him the other day. It
made Kelleher a hero of romance.
"Thirty years ago he lived in Pacheco Valley,
up in Contra Costa County," said the vener
able pioneer.
"The boys used to call him the 'don.' He
was a typical old-time Caiifornian Spaniard
and his home in Pacheco Valley a typical old
time Spanish hacienda. That is" as far as hos
pitality went and the style of living that Kel
leher kept up. Every one was welcome there,
rich or poor; tramp, peddler or millionaire.it
was all the same. The wayfarer in Pacheco
Valley knew the house, and its fame was
spread far and near. Kelleher was a veritable
don in that country. To offer him money for
his hospitality would be an insult. Yet,
with all this generosity and free and open way
of living, Kelleher acquired wealth aa a
rancher.
"More than a quarter of a century ago when
he grew independently rich and was at the
height of his popularity, he was induced by
friends to run for the Legislature. But there
was one thing he had forgotten. Kelleher
could not write, and that crushed him. What
do you think his political opponents did?
They posted big signs all over the district iiko
this:
" 'William Kelleher, his signature, X.'
"The big X defeated Kelleher so Dadly that
with the ridicule it brought he pulled up his
stakes and got out. He sold his farm and the
growing crops, closed his hospitable house and
j eft it to a stranger, and moved far away from
California. In Texas he bought thousands o*
acres at nominal prices, and with the advance
in land values became immensely wealthy.
He is now a bank director in Austin, Tex. But
among strangers he set himself assiduously to
learn reading and writing, and succeeded
splendidly."
Kellcher put up at the Lick House while
visiting San Francisco. The clerk wrote his
name incorrectly upon the register.
"That's not right," Kelleher remarked curtly.
"Will you please correct it?" asked the clerk.
"I don't care how it's spelled in California;
that's good enough— we'll let it go at that."
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Finances and Firearms.
Mountain View Register.
Even if this country needed an official hun
ter and fisherman, $50,000 a year would be too
much salary to pay.
That Naval Demonstration.
Oakland Enquirer.
The great general who marched three hun
dred thousand men up a hi 11 and then marched
them down again will soon have an imitator in
the ruler of the Queen's navee. A powerful
fleet has been assembled at Portsmouth, ready
to sail anywhere, but there is no place in which
it is needed, or could do any good, except Con
stantinople, but Salisbury will not send it there
to coerce the Turk, and so there will be noth
ing for the fleet after it has put to sea, but to
turnaround and sail back to Portsmouth. A
great man is Lord Salisbury, and Chamberlain
is his prophet.
If They Will Be Good.
Woodland Mail.
Our English cousins are now quite anxious
to get permission to come over and play in our
yard again. Such permission should not be
granted until they solemnly promise to behave
themselves in the future.
Jonathan Is So Shy.
Woodland Democrat.
Now comes the report that England, by in
trigue, is trying to gain control of the
prmin onnal. The ownership of that canal be
longs to the United States by right of predom
inant interests.
Honest Methods and No Bribes.
Watsonvllle Rustler.
The agitation in favor of good government
should be continued until every man in public
office who accepts bribes in the shape of com
mi -Minis, or gives bribes in the shape of special
favors, is placed in the category to'which he be
longs—the roll of grand and petit larcenists.
A DAINTY NIGHTGOWN.
The lingerie of to-dny is affected most de
cidedly by the prevailing ftyles, adding much
to its picturesqueness and detracting none
from its comfort, for the large sleeve is in
nightdresses a great comfort and certainly
wears well, saving the strain on the yoke often
occasioned by fitted dresses.
The gown shown here Is made with a yoke
back; a very shallow yoke in front holds the
gathers in place. This is finished in some
gowns by a small turn-over collar, which may
be made of embroidery or the goods. The yoke
points may De edged with a ruffle of the "same
embroidery.
Other gowns have a large round or square
collar of the goods or of all over embroidery
or of alternate stripes of lace and the goods.
For ordinary use a gown of white muslin is
If you want a sure relief for "ains in the back, side, chest, or
hmbs, use an
l\ 1 1 COCK S Plaster
Bear in Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits and imita-
tions is as good as the genuine.
most sensible. This may be made very pretty
by making the large collar of lawn, or the col
lar may be of colored batiste, which washes
very well. . ,
Very elaborate gowns of nainsook are tucked
down the front or trimmed with narrow inser
tion. . , ,
This same shape is seen in misses' lounging
robes, which may be of any material from the
clu'fi)- outing flannels to silk wadded or lined
with flannel.
A dainty gown of pink flannel had the larsre
collar of white batiste trimmed with a narr iw
ed«*e of Valenciennes lace and Insert!
match brought but half an inch from the
edge.
An outing flannel of blue with white stripes
had n round collar of white China silk,
with a ruflle of lace.
Another of wool challie with a yellow
on a white ground had a collaret yellow I I
silk with lawn and insertion of Valenciennes.
A LAUGH IN CHURCH.
She sat on the sliding cushion,
The <ii:ir. we(- woman of iour;
Her tec:, in their shiny slippers,
Hang dangling over tbe floor.
She meant u> t»- good— she had promised—
Ami m>. w.tii lii-r bi-j, brown eye*,
Shi- stared at tbe meeting-bouse window!
And counted th crawling Hies.
She looked far up at the prrarher,
But she thought of the honey-bees
Droning away ;;i (be blossoms
Thn; whUened the (lurry trees.
She though: of a hroki-n basket
Where, curled in n dusky heap.
Three sleek, round puppies, with tringy ears,
Lay snuggled and fast asleep.
Such soft, warm bodies to cuddle,
bucli queer little hearts to beat,
Such swift, round tongues to kiss,
Such sprawling, cushiony feet.
She could feel in her clasping finger
The touch of me satiny akin,
Ami a cold, wet nose exploring
The dimples under her chin.
Then a sudden ripple of laughter
Kan over the parted lips
So quick that she could not catch It
With her rosy finger-tins.
The people whispered, "Bless the child,"
As each one waked from a Dap,
But the <i>ar, wee woman hid her face
For shame in her mother's lap.
— London Amusing Journal.
THE BICYCLE AND THE RAILROAD.
The great bicycle army of the Empire State
is in the saddle at Albany, we understand, and
proposes to scorch through the corridors ol
the Capitol and into the very presence of the
Legislature, prepared to dismount only when
it has secured surrender to Its proposition that
the bicycle is Daggage so far as the railroads
are concerned. On the other hand we are in
formed that the railroads have steam up and
propose to make no stops until they are face to
face with the enemy, prepared to contest the
right of way through the Legislature on any
such proposition. Here, then, is an interest
ing opportunity for a collision, the echoes of
which will be heard in the spring, when the
highways and byways of the suburbs are ia
condition to woo the pneumatic tire
It is an old contest and a wordy one. Iten
gnged our attention in the summer and fall, as
it promises to engage our attention during the
winter. We learn that Assemblyman Arm
strong of Rochester has concealed about him a
bill id amend section 44 of chapter 31 of tho
lairs of the State which relates to the regula
tion of railroad business, by declaring bicycles
accompanied by owners to be baggage and'sub
ject to tne same liabilities; the bicycles to be
transported free where the passenger releases
the corporation from such liability, oti.
a charge of not less than 10 cents" and not to
exceed 2 mills a mile, may be authorized.
The contention of the bicyclist in brief is
that he is seldom accompanied by other bag
gage and as he is entitled by bis ticket to 100
DoundE there is no just reason why his wheel
should not be carried without charge In a
He-car. The raiload argues that if bi
cycles are to be- designated as bagguue it will
become necessary for the owners to crate them
so that they can be handled as such and piled
up in the cars; otherwise the companies would
be subjected to great hardship, for the reason
that bicycles must be treated with great care
and cannot be uiled one upon another.
They insist that they arc justified in levying
an extra charge because only the floor of a car
can be used for tlie.-o vehicles, thus calling for
of two or more cars where one would
suffice tor the same number of trunks. The
same argun ■ I in the bundling of bicy
cles at st;::i..:;-. f ■ , r the reason that trunks aro
piled high on the trucks, while the wheels
must be handled separately, greatly increasing
the cost to the railroads.
It will thus be seen that each side of the con
troversy is pretty well intrenched, and we will
await the verdict of legislative wisdom with
the same acute interest that must consume the
wheelmen. .Possibly much will depend upon
the nnmber Albany vho pos
sess bicycles.— New York Mail and Express
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
It is said that the favorite dish of the Prin
cess of Wales is Yorkshire pudding.
A man named Simmons works in Warsaw,
Mo., for a man named Green, and signs letters',
"lireen, persimmons."
William B'mck, the novel writer, 1b also &
portrait painter, an enthusiastic botanist and
an all-round sportsman.
The Sultan's personal expenditure is almost
nil, yet he is perhaps the wealthiest of the de
scendants of the Caliph.
Costaki Anthopoulos Pacha, the new Turkish
Ernbassador to England, is a heavily built
man, whose bearded face displays intelligence
and determination. In diplomatic uniform he
makes a handsome figure.
The Queen of Portugal is a remarkable
woman. She has been studying medicine and
has passed her third examination. Her medi
cal library is the best of its kind in Portugal.
She reads French. English, Spanish and Italian
and takes all the leading medical reviews pub
lished in these languages. She corresponds
with eminent physicians on special subjects
She teaches her eldest son botany and the uses
oj the microscope.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street. •
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c lb.Townsend'g.*
Special Information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Mr. Gladstone has presented to Hughes, a
sergeant of constabulary who has jus i retired
from dutyintheHawarden district, after many
years of service, a copy of his work, "The Im
pregnable Rock of Holy Scripture," inscribed
"For Auld Lang Syne, \V. E. Gladstone."
B HKrvt atism is caused by lactic acid In the blood
It appears as lameness in the back or stiffness in
the arms and limhs. Neutralize the lactic arid t>y
purifying the blood by taking food's Sarsaparilla,
Use Dr. Sio K erfs Angostura Bitters, the world
renowned South American appetizer and invlgora
tor of exquisite flavor.
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Liruggists sell It at 25 cents.
Tobeduck your weight, use Vrettos" Belt.
Joseph Cook, who is at Clifton Springs, N\ V
is'nervous, weak and sleepless. Since his re
cent breakdown he has lost nearly a hundred
pound*.
; NEW TO-DAY.
\I3O DAILV^X
4jPfcvSPEC I All I
I^3 Sunday, January 19th.
|a Direct from Bucks
jj County, Pennsylvania,
L 3 Pure, Sweet, real Apple
fffl Cider, 20 cents quart.
Ilia Complete lists at your command.
iOJ Largest Department Store.
pf| Smiths' Cash Store,
»4 41 4, 416, 418 FRONT ST., S.F.The
Theatres
LOUIS JAMES has enjoyed a pros- '
porous season at the California
Theater, where he has shone as a
bright particular star, with an ef
fulgence that was not expected of j
him by people who had only seen .lames
when his lijzht was obscured if not hid
under Frederick Warde's bushel. His sue
with his own company has certainly
proved that he knew which side his bread I
was buttered on when he ceased the col- j
laboration which for the last few years I
baa made the namea <>f Warde and James
as inseparable as the Siamese twins. In
defiance of the alphabetical order of
things, it was always Warde's first and
.Tames' second in the days when the two
scintillated together, and James must find j
it praieful and comforting that his new
venture not only gives him an opportunity
of confining his exertions to the roles for
which he is best fitted but also drives him
a larger share of this world's goods than
he enjoyed when he and Warde shared the
spoils.
After the departure of the Tavary
Opera Company Frederick Warde comes to
the Baldwin Theater, and it will be inter
esting to see how he stands the test of
shining without his late collaborator. It
is announced that after this season Warde
lecided to appear in nothing but
arean dramas.
New York dramatic criticism is a two
: weapon and no man can predict
way it is going to cut. For in
■ the metropolitan press, which all
but gives the glassy eye to Richard Mans
field, has just extended the glad hand of
welcome toHoyfs "A Black Sheep." The
-der predicts that the play will eclipse
anything that Hoyt has yet done, and it
further instructs its readers that :
Charles H. Hoyt is a philanthropist in the
use of the term. He, more than
anj- other playmaker of his genre, has lur
unasemeat to a public over
burdened with business cares and anxiety.
'Ihe World, under the heading. ''Hoyt
at His Best," says: ''Now he has re-
I to the refreshing vein of humor
that is peculiarly his own, the dramatist
tie metropolitan
.izht for two years." Otis
in, too. the morning after the first
c of "A E - ■ ;■" in New
awoke to find himself famous. And
d Francisco, even his new and fasci
nating way of consuming drinks in the
>m scene bad not the power to stir
our enthusiasm! But that shows how
much, from a New York standpoint, >ye
have to learn here.
Baldwin Theater.
At the Baldwin Theater this evening
Mane Wainwright will give the last per
formance ■ tent, presenting
Tom Taylor's comedy-drama, "An Dn-
Match."
After to-night the Baldwin Theater will
n closed f«r two weeks. On the 3d
bruary the TavaryGrand Opera Com-
I any will becm a st-a-on of several weeks. I
Charles I'ratt has strengthened his or
ganizat on this year. The company in
!S, in addition :•■ M.iri- Tavary, a new
prim a donna, Mile. Lichter, who la said to
gifted ac I singer. Thea
. who was undoubtedly t ho star of
xi.p troupe last season, conies with fresh
s, won for her Mignon, which is said
to be as remarkable an interpretation as
Ue, the French tenor, is still with the
company, and among the other members
ed Mme. Toro!i:is, Payne
Ciarkf-, Max Eugene, the new English
baryrone; Sifrnor Abramhoff. William
Schuster and William
The repertoire for the first week will be
as follows: Monday, "Aida" ; Tuesday,
'•Carmen"; Wednesday matinee, "Bo
hemian Girl': Wednesday night, "Hugue-
Thursday niftbt, ' Mignon"; Friday
night, "Cavalieria Eusticana"; Saturday
matinee, "Martha," and Saturday night,
"Lohengrin."
California Theater.
"In Old Kentucky" will be the attrac
tion at the California Theater for the next
two weeks.
The play will be produced to-morrow j
night with the original scenery and the '
horses that were used in the first produc- I
tion. Another feature of the performance j
will be the pickaninny band, composed of j
iarkies gathered in the South by the
management and trained especially for
this production.
The story of "In Old Kentucky" con
cerns the fortunes of a group of people
THE ORIGINAL BAM) OF SOW FAMOUS Pl< KANINNIES IN "OLD KILN
TLCKY," AT TH£ CALIFORNIA.
representative of the mountain and blue
grass regions.
Laura Burt will play the part of the
heroine, Madge, and the* remainder of the
company will include Ralph Stuart. Paul
Scott, Pierce Kingsley, John H. Mack,
Hurt Grant, Charles Powell, Robert. Bibbs,
W. 11. Bradley, Alace M. Snyder and Kate
Glassford.
Columbia Theater.
The Olympic Club will occupy the Co
lumbia Theater to-morrow night, but on
Tuesday "Tlie Ensign" will he produced,
with the full strength of the Frawley cast.
The play deals with the war time of
1861, and the incidents are all of a stirring
character. Ensign Baird is made the vic
tim of a conspiracy by which a United
States war vessel is to be so hampered as
to allow of the escape of a rebel frigate.
The conspiracy is to insult him by traduc
ing his sweetheart, engage him in a quar-
SCENE FROM "THE ENSIGN," AT THE COLUMBIA.
rel and thereby cause a court-martial to be
convened. The young ensign is warned,
however, and refuses to listen to t tie
slander?, but he is provoked to murder
when the stars and struts ere trampled
under foot. The court-martial foilows,
the death penalty is pronounced and the
remainder of the action in the play con
sists of efforts to secure the pardon of the
ensign.
Grand Opera-House.
At Morosco's to-morrow night a sensa
tional melodrama, entitled "A Man With
out a Country," will be produced. Jt is
by James W. ilarkins, the author of "The
White Squadron" ana other popular plays
of the heavy type.
"A Man Without a Country" has never
before been produced in San Francisco.
The story is said to be strong in situations
which center principally round the mur
aer, by his spendthrift son, of a wealthy
New Orleans planter. The parricide, be
lieving himself to be dying, confesses his
guilt, but subsequently recovers and end
less complications ensue.
The comedy is said to be bright and to
counteract the graver element. The stock
company will be supplemented by Woodie
Van Dyke, the star baby actor, who is to
make his initial appearance on this stage
in the role of Ruth, the blind girl.
Grover's Alcazar*
Last nijrht witnessed the first perform
ance at the Alcazar of Leonard Grover's
popular comedy-drama, "The Wolves of
New York."
The play was well presented and its
effective situations and clever dialogue
won plenty of applause. A realistic repre
sentation was given of the poolroom scene,
with the telegraph bringing news of the
races, and all the other accessories which
characterize the poolrooms in this City at
present. In view of the stand being taken
in this City against poolrooms, the tele
graph tapping scene and the poolroom
scene may be said to possess a local in
terest.
i At the usual Wednesday '-pop" matinee
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
patrons will be presented with icecream,
cake and popular novels.
Matinees take place on Saturday and
Sunday.
At the Orpheum.
An almost entirely new programme is
announced at the Orpheum for to-morrow
evening. Nine people who have just ar
rived from the East will unite in furnish
ing amusement of a varied and superior
order.
The Sisters de Van will appear in a
novel, breakaway ladder act, in which
seemingly impossible balancing feats will
be performed. Rachel Walker, who comes
iii m Martinique Island originally, and
direct from New York, has the musical
title, "The Creole Nightingale. ' : She nas
a soprano voice, which is said to be re
markably true and well cultivated.
The De Witt Sisters, a duo of pretty
young ladies, will show their proficiency
on a number of instruments, the cornet
I and violin especially, and the Fonte Boni
Brothers will sing French and Spanish
duets, and will give vocal imitations of
bells, etc. Ilowley & Doyle, who complete
the list of new people, are billed as the
"champion clog dancers of America."
Tivoli Opera-House.
"Ixion," or "The Man at the Wheel,"
! will finish its run at the Tivoli Opera
| house with the end of this week. New
■ ditties are to be added to-morrow night.
The next production will be the first
presentation on any stage of an American
opera entitled "fiie Gentle Savage," a
satirical work, treating of Indian, cowboy
and Mexican life on the borders between
this country and Mexico.
Macdonough Theater.
Marie Wainwright and her company will
open a three nights' run at the Mac
donougn Theater, Oakland, to-morrow
night in "The Love Chase." On Tuesday
"An Unequal Match" will be performed,
and on Wednesday "Camille."
On the 27th hist. Schilling's Minstrels
come to the Macdonough.
Carr-Beel Concertg.
The new series of Carr-Beel Saturday
SCENE FROM "A MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY" AT MOROSCO'S GRAND
OPERA - HOI SE.
pops will begin February 8 in Golden Gate
Hall. Mozart's beautiful quintet lor t he
clarionet and strings will De played. Mr.
Kent will play Neils' "G&de' 1 and "Fantasie
Stucke," for the clarionet and piano.
They are said to be charming, and will be
a decided novelty in San Francisco.
MersfeJdjr Testimonial.
A testimonial benefit will be given to
Jules R. Mersfelder on Thursday evening,
in Golden Gate Hall, by his many friends
in this City. The object of the entertain
ment is to enable him to continue his
studies in art. A number of well-known
vocalists will sing, and the Press Club
quartet, consisting of Frank Coffin,
Fletcher Tilton, Willard J. Batchelder and
Samson E. Tucker, will also lend its
services. Painters and sculptors will ap
pear on the regular programme. Among
the patrons are: James D. Phelan, Will.
iani Keith. Irving M. Scott, W. H. Crocker,
H. M. Holbrook. Sidney M. Smith, ±\ Dob
bertin, W. R. Whittier.
A LONG-FELT WANT.
Stanford University AVill Open a Course
in Mimic.
Beginning with this semester a course
in harmony, counter-point cunon, fugue,
form, etc., will be instituted at Stanford,
THE CREOLE NIGHTINGALE, RACUEL WALKER, AT THE OkPHEUM.
While embracing the same branches that
are taught at some of the Eastern univer
sities the study will be made of the utmost
practical value to the students. Supple
mentary to the theoretical course there
will be classes in voice development and
singing, and a choral association will be
formed for the study of the works of the
great masters.
H. B. Pasmore will have sole charge of
the courses for the present.
LOOKS WERE DECEPTIVE.
How a Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren Officer Was Foiled.
Agent Wilson of the Gerry Society
called at Proctor's Pleasure Palace in New
York one night to investigate the ages of
the juveniles whose singing in the News
boys' Quintet is much applauded. One
wizen-faced youngster was regarded with
special suspicion and was subjected to a
rigid examination as to age, nativity and
parentage. He would not commit himself
on the question of age, but sullenly in
sisted that he was "old enough not to keep
Gerry awake nights." The agent sug
gested that the lad better have his mother
call at the society's rooms and answer a
few questions.
"Me mudder!" said the youth scorn
fully; "what's de matter wid having me
wife call and perduce me two kids?"
With that he whipped oat the photo
graphs of a couple of healthy youngsters,
the elder apparently 8 years old. Then he
explained that he was 25 years of age and
had been a respectable married man since
reaching his majority. : The Gerry agent
smiled sadly and withdrew.
THE STAGE PHYSICIAN.
A Character That Jerome Left Out of
His Book.
One of the best chapter.? in Jerome's
Stageland is that in which he describes the
stage lawyer, who never has an office, but
transacts all his business in the parlors of
his clients, concerning whose family af
fairs he possesses the most comprehensive
knowledge. There is a stage lawyer of
this description in "Liberty Hall," and in
a drama I saw recently there is another
character fully as well known to the play
goers of to-day, but one whom, unless my
memory be at fault, Mr. Jerome has
I slighted in his clever book. This character
i is the stage doctor, and, like his compan
ion of the legal profession, he is usually
shown to be a well-dressed, portly man,
full of years and whiskers. When invited
to a dinner party it is his custom to ar
rive after the other guests have assembled,
which gives the host an opportunity to
say :
•'Ah! here comes our old friend, Dr.
Catnip, famous as an authority on apo
plexy and well skilled in all diseases of the
heart.'"
It has been noticed by observant theater
goers that the stage doctor's arrival always
presages some accident, sudden illness or
death; but that fact does not prevent his
being a welcome guest in every theatrical
household. He has a large practice, which
may be due to the fact that he is always
within call when wanted, and never gets
drunk and prescribes arsenic in place of
rhubarb. He diagnoses all cases by feel
ing the patient's pulse, displaying at the
same time an enormous gold watch, which
his lucrative practice enables him to pos
sess. With the aid of this watch, which
he never looks at, and his linger on the
afflicted one's pulse, he makes the most
astounding discoveries, and will exclaim,
with his eyes fixed on the lirst balcony:
"I fear that he is beyond all human aid,
for his skull is broken in three places." —
Ralph Edmunds in Footlights.
Dramatic Brevities.
Frederick Warde comes to the Baldwin after
the Tavary Company.
Rose Coghlan, Maude Harrison and John A.
L*ne have been engaged by Julian Magnus for
Edward Vroom's production of "For the
Crown" at Palmer's Theater, New York, next
month.
James Herne is dramatizing "An Unofficial
Patriot," a book that describes slavery during
the war. Lincoln is a figure in the boot.
Camilie Flammarion, the well-known astron
omer and novelist, is said to be writing the
scenario of a ballet, in which Loie Fuller is
to have a leading part.
The Letter Carriers' Aid fociety will take the
Columbia Theater for a week when Katie Put
nam plays "The Old Lime Kiln" at that house
for the benefit of the association.
The Frawley Company will open the new
opera-house, the Alnambra, in Redwood City.
This is the new house built by Charles Josselyn
of this City and it is suid to be one of the hand
somest in the .State.
Tli.. Original One.
Adam had slept too long.
He felt sure of it as he stretched himself,
yawned, and rose with a heavy sensation
in his head and a lightness round his
stomach, to take another turn about the
garden.
But, suddenly, he doubted whether he
was yet awake.
There, in front of him, was an animal he
had never seen before. He thought it was
an animal. But it was strangely like him
self, yet strangely different. His surprise
increased. For some moments he was
speechless. Then:
'•What are you?" he gasped.
The unusual creature smiled.
She picked a loose hair off one of his
shoulders, compared it with his wild, un
kempt locks and smiled agayi.
"I am the New Woman," she said. — Life.
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
fl^/J'^nr i"t Er atre *Ip p,o p 5.
TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY)
LAST PERFORMANCE
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
In Tom Taylor's Comedy,
AN UNEQUAL MATCH.
Monday. Jan. 20— The Baldwin Theater
Will Close for Two Weeks.
Monday. Feb. 3 OPERA SEASON.
THE TAVAKY GRAND OPERA CO.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
Grand Realistic Comedy-Drama,
THE WOLVES
OF NEW YORK!
Little Red Riding Hood in Real Life.
Matinees— Wednesday "Pop," Saturday
and Sunday. Prices— loc, 15c, 25c.
Night Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c, 35c, sOc.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. I.KNESTi.vit Kkklino Proprietor .£ -Manias:
TO-NIGHT
SECOND EDITION
Of the Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque,
I IXIO3NT. I
KALEIDOSCOPIC VIEWS
J. — — OF— -L
0 THE HEAVENS. THE EARTH 0
 AND THE SEA. „
TTKEAT FOR YOUNG AND OLlil
BKXNU THE CHILDREN !
Popular Prices— 2sc and 5Oo«
NO RAIN? LOTS OF FUN
Shooting the Chutes
and Tripping the Trolley
TO-DAY, AT FOUR O'CLOCK,
3VExi9i9 3VEillio Viola,
The Empress of the Air,
Will Make a Balloon Ascension and
Thrilling Parachute Leap.
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION— 10 CENTS
Children (including a Merry-Go-Round Ride), 10c.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. I*l.
ADMISSION *1.00.
Take Southern racitic trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:10 p. it.
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
stand. $1. Take Mission-street; electric line direct
to track. "
A. B. SPRECKELS. ' . W. S. LEAKE,
President. Secretary.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
s^IBALDTO THEATER-BITRA.I Z^
The Fashionable Musical A Season of
Event of the Year! Grand Opera,
BEGINNING MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3— For Three Weeks Only
jRjJi, THE FAMOUS MARIE
'FfwL TAVARY
? Im GRAND OPERA CD,
/*-rssuCfe ——— '^^V Under the direction of CHARLES H. PRATT.
\^^/fr/ ■'^O^'T^^i'^^f^^^^^vV^iSfj" ' *^" A lar a nd powerful organization, com-
J tf^T'Vj -^MSE~ = 4-^IJ--?L=g=^^ -*vl plete in every detail, presenting GRAND OPERA
ji*C C yiii^^^^^^^SliS^^X^^in '" English, at the regular theater prices, in a man-
<^-j ~ i^ %^H^^^^^^^^^^> ncr never before equaled.
Cont?al°toV ..MARIK TAVARY, SOPHIA ROMAN I and ANNA I.ICHTER
T?. ,r. THKA IJOKKK. NKLLIE FRAN LV N and BEXLA. TOMLINB
wTrvmr;;; A. L. GUILLE, \VM. STEPHENS and PAYNE CLARKK
Ba^f S rABRAHAMHOFFana ; -i§^
GRAND OPERA ORCHESTRA. GRAND CHORUS.
MM- A COMPLETE AND PERFECT ENSEMBLE. -«1
REPERTOIRE FIRST WEEK: , REPERTOIRE SECOND WEEK:
T^av:;::;:;;:;;;;;;:;.;:.:; i MOl i?^Ti^^" and " CAVAttEKIA
Wed .Matinee "BOHEMIAN <:il!L" Tuesday.!. _. »MIG\O\»
S^^!?E^o^J^i!^: ?rS ay -""" ;;;;;:;;; " ;::::;;^l::
Saturday Matinee "MARTHA" Saturday Matin'ee.V.V.V.V '"TBOTATORE"
Saturday Night "LOHK.NGRIX" j Saturday Night ...^".."""Ta'nNHA USKK"
UfITC Notwithstanding the obviously great expense attendant upon this engagement th«
#A'LIMnNm AIiI^ w TO-NIGHT I— Last Time.
%mTHimW^^ MR. LOUS JAMES!
Presenting ACBETH !
I TO-MORROW! TO-MORROW! I
6-KENTUCKY I\^ 20-CHALKY-EYED
THOROUGHBREDS IJII SONS OF HAM IN THE
IN THF PRFAT T>r^ JT ALL CONQUERING
IN THE GREAT r n| J PICANINNY G
RAPF ft H H|fl ■-
RACE-6. V^rlU BRASS BAND-2O
THE I w^- . . —^ THE
re t c h o e rd Kentucky re ™° Erd
MAKER. I -r*^^^*^r^^^ BREAKER.
WITH ITS HUNDRED THRILLING FEATURES.
O'Farrell Street, bet. Stockton and Powell.
ooivxivrisKj-onxrG- Monday, J"jsltv. 20
A MAGNIFICENT IMPORTATION OF NEW TALENT!
THE VERY LATEST EASTERN SUCCESSES!
9— TXT3D"\^7* PBOPLiE-9
SISTERS DE VAN,
Sensational Performers on the Lechelle Magic.
RACHAEL WALKER,
The Celebrated "Creole Nightingale," Who3e Voice Rivals Pattl's.
THE DE WITT SISTERS,
The Charming Duo of Instrumentalist*.
HOWLEY AND DOYLE,
The Champion Clog Dancers of America.
FONTE BONI BROTHERS,
Spanish and French Duetists and Bell Imitators
AND A CELEBRATED VAUDEVILLE COMPANY.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), JAN. 19.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat. 10c: Children, 10c. any part of the house.
' f\V wFtVjT/^IN rniCDLAnOLR - c ' orr '-OD'»^s^3A.nßnAnAc«j-
-\\ vCAINIIAs'I 7/1 LAST PERFORMANCE TO-XIGHT
JxwJ/^TJL/M '"this SENATOR!"
* ""rT^ /\('*'£y\*\ Commencing Tuesday, Junuary 21,
/7T* V? i^i rT^>_\l" F 3 ! j MATINEE SATURDAY!
fr&~V=~Jl I \L> I r-l^vi- 3 ~~~r»J'/ The Acme of All Great Productions,
/lilfnv^fCHiir \la \y~-i=^^TCfJ The Glorlous Xaval Drama,
"SiwwWll !™ejej^s]gnF
jIUiIB 111 ml \\* fljj T'7%&/i' i **'\ iTV Double Deck Scene of U. S. Frigate San .laclnto.
Bill V'W'l i ll> mOTfl tIV Double Deck Scene of U. S. Frigate San Jaclnto.
"IF-' I! Jti 1 • ■ tl'^\ /V'Acllliii! V View of the Harbor of Havana, Cuba, by Moonlight.
ilraWLUlri (M : itiilli'l i IR^^W I IJil President's Room in the White House.
l|lul Jl|l > TO* I' W/'WtP^^* Spar Deck of a United States Man-of-war.
WjM, 1< * < «> ($ '^W^g^/^'fi' 1 " January 37-"ME>' AND "WOMEN."
■^ First Time by the Frawley Company.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO Sole Lessee and Manager
YOU'VE A TREAT IN STORE.
TO-MORROW EVENING : MONDAY, JANUARY 20,
, ::,.<■■-. ,- -- . - . *
JAMES HOPKINS' SENSATIONAL MELODRAMA,
"A MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY."
A STORY OF LOUISIANA DURING THE CIVIL WAR.
COME 1 THE THRILLINQ SUGAR-CRUSHER SCENE. I COME
*il»3E:j±: ) THE STAR BABY ACTOR, WOODIE VAN DYKE. \ SIEiE?
OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
GRAND CONCERT, MACDONOUGH THEATER
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM, ... _. _ (OAKLAND).
WEDNESDAY EVENING S2d, at 8. 3 ™S hts > Beginning To-Morrow (Monday),
WEDNESDAY E\l-> ING —d, at 8. JIAKIK WAINWIUGHT.
fiPACP CHURCH CHOIP Monday, "The Love Chase"; Tuesday, "The Un-
UKAL-t: tnUKtn tnUIK, equal Match"; Wednes'y. •■Camllle." Secure seats.
ASSISTKD BY ~~ —^___
MISS MABEL LOVE, Soprano: MRS. MAUD COLUMBIA BICYCLE-RIDING
CHAPPELLE - HENLEY, Contralto; PLY- APAnFMV
MOUTH QUARTET; WILLIAM H. HOLT, ,_»„_, Dt **> ** " tmY '
Conductor. 19.0 Page Street, Near Stanyan, Park
Proceeds for the Choir Fund. Entrance.
_____ , The Most Elaborate and
A NICHT Wl 1 BURNS. Complete Cyclery in America.
Commodious indoor Riding and Instruction Hall,
One hundred and thirty-seventh Burns Anni- fully equipped and free from all obstructions,
versary Social, given by the St. Andrew's Society, Luxurious Reception-rooms, Baths, Lockers, etc
San Francisco, FRIDAY EVENING, January 24, Columbia and Hartford Bicycles and Tandem*
at Scottish Hail. Admission t!sc. . 1 for Sale and Rent. Wheels taken on storage.
.■",..■ ■''."* ■_'■ *■■' -
2122
BOOKS AND BOOKMAKERS.
TT TT GRACE EATON WALKER is
== I the name of the latest aspirant
I for honors in the realm of poesy.
JJL JA If we judgecorrectly. Mr. Walker
is a man of wealth and leisure ; of
wealth because no publisher could be so lost
to his interests as to issue a volume of Mr.
Walker's roenis on speculation; while
only a man oi means could afford the ex
pensive pleasure of exposing his literary
shortcomings in the very best style of the
printer; and of leisure, because it most
have required an inconceivable amount of
time to put so many words into so many
shapes under the sole inspiration of get
ting together lines and rhymes and pages
enough to make a good-sized book.
The most pretentious thing in Mr.
Walker's volume is a "dramatic poem"
entitled "The King of Argos." Mytho
logical stories are tortured into service and
in the mouths of some of the classical
characters up-to-date slang is almost as
common as it is on Tar Flat or the Bowery.
The King of Argus ha? a daughter, but
prays vainly for a ?on. "A ghost" reveals
to him the fact that he will die sonless;
that the daughter will give birth to a sou
who will kill his royal grandfather and
reign in Argns. The old King decides to
kill off that daughter right speedily.
"I'll starve her stomach iot by jot, '"is the
poetic resolve that he comes to. .Mr.
Walker then makes his ancient history
monarch boast of being
Such a king
Af never ancient history found a greater.
Argos, having hit upon a plan of de
struction that suits him, cries out :
Ye power* of hell and all satanic regions,
I've done it.
He has concluded to build "a brazen
tomb for living corpses." and starts out to
find the brazier, who bears the familiar
name of Faldaff. Two heavy villains,
bent on robbery, dog the King's* steps.
"Where went he, BraskerV asks Hard
spur, the first villain.
•'Just through the grove, Sir Hard
spur," is the response, which goes to show
the wretched taste of modern nobility in
copying knightly titles from ancient
rogues. It now seems piain, too, that the
surname of Hotspur, [riven to Harry Percy,
th« "valiant rebel" of Shakespeare's
"Henry IV," was simply nri idea borrowed
from the Argolian name of Hardspur.
'What matters it, lord or beggar, if he
have the stuff?" queries Brasker. The
Toques of Atl'os were very much addicted
to^ the use of slang, according to Mr.
Walker. Perhaps he can also trace to an
©rigin with Brasker and his fellow-rascals
euch expressions as "dowse the glim" and
HENRY NORMAN, AUTHOR AND JOURNALIST.
IJir. Jiom«« Ao. ™«n !, fen. pyinMl, before , kt pnUic „, the „„ d , M o/ , 4e L(nulm ckrmi ,
paper tew then connected. He remained her, some time and took part in Leral social funrtZ^piLf^Zl
•«4tcA the above engraving is made was taken at that lime.) ■ pimwgrapn jrom
1 "collar the swag." But let us pursu* the
\ conversation :
Hardspur— King or prince, h!s moneys oars.
Rraskc r— For we need mouey more than we need
\ bread.
The first declaration sounds like a choice
passage from a Bowery-dive version of
Robin Hood; but the admission by Bras
ker is something startling. The author
: leave? us in vague doubt at this point.
i He throws no ray of light on the purpose
for which the money was needed. It may
be supposed, however, that the villains
had tired of ordinary fare and were re
solved, at all hazards, to wrest from their
sovereign the price of a pie.
The wicked twain approach the King
with drawn swordp; the monarch's purse is
yielded up, and then in a conversation
which follows his Majesty declares him
\ self, shows his signet-ring and pardons the
\ offending pair on their promise to do his
bidding. The villains are then employed
to steal the King's daughter from the
palace and imprison her in the brass cage,
that she may starve to death.
In p otting the destruction of his daugh
ter, Dans, the King makes his offense
more heinous by ruthlessly slaughtering
English grammar. Witness this assault
on the Anglo-Saxon toncue:
▲polio does decree that I
Shalt never h- a father, and decrees
That Dante shait become a mother, and
This son of hers shall slay the King of Argos.
The brass cage is built; the villains seize
the daughter and rush her into the death
trap. Just then an earthquake takes place.
Zeus, the pagan god, having witnessed the
prelude to the tragic deed, cracks the
earth in bis rage.
After hurling a thunderbolt, which plows
a furrow across the face of Argos, Zeus up
braids Hardspur in most undignified and
commonplace terms and then listenß to
this gem of a prayer from the robber:
O King of sods, and all God's deeds, I pray,
b thee. spare me is a victim of
Necessity. Klso I'd hit-d to Sistlne Chapel,
And in the p&r:)iqua!ie had my pater noster
Well waded through.
Thi3 is exceedingly rich. The Lord's
prayer, according to the New Testament.
in the mouth of a pagan Greek a thousand
years before the Christian era.
Zeus rescues Danre, wooes her, makes
her his queen; a son is born to her, and
mother and child miraculously escape the
King's wrath, and flee to a strange land.
Arrived at the gate of manhood, the son
performs feats of strength like another
Theseus or Hercules. He returns to Argos,
where, in throwing quoits, he accidentally
hits and kills the King, and then himself
takes hold of the monarch}'.
In turning over the pages of Mr. Walk- j
er's book one is almost sure to recall the i
couplet of Byron:
'Tis pleasant sure to see one's name In print!
A book's » book, although there's nothing in 't, j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
The author dishes up a dozen sonnets to
spring. Here is one fractional example:
Has summer such a loveliness? or fall?
Or autumn with his hoary fields of grain?
It is possible that Mr. Walker is color
blind. In this part of the world the
autumn grainiield is as yellow as Mr.
Walker's poetry. Mr. Walker is original,
however, in having the fall come between
summer and autumn.
If Horace Eaton Walker threatens to
print any more volumes of the sort we
nave partially reviewed, Sir Galahad will
be doing a very kindly thing, in a literary
sense, if he complies with the poetaster's
prayer and gives him a cupful — aye, a
bucketful if need be, of the "solace"" that
Mr. Walker hankers after in the following
strain :
O, what Is life that I can be so sad?
O, what is death that I am comfortless?
O, let me drain thy cup. Sir Galahad—
Dare let me drain it, in my love's distress.
[Claremont, N. H. George I. Putnam
&Co.]
TRAVELING AT SHALL EXPENSE.
"Around the World on Sixty Dollars"
is Robert Meredith's account of extensive
travel for little money. The title is rather
misleading, however, as some $225 was
spent on the trip, "all but about $60" of
which the traveler earned on the road at
common labor. The time consumed was
a year and six days. Four months and a
half was spent in work on the Sandwich
Islands and in the Holy Land at wages
ranging from 40. cents to $2 50 a day, the
rest of the time being devoted to travel
and sightseeing. The distance covered
was 30,000 miles.
The principal thing to be learned from
the book is this: If (like Mr. Meredith) a
man is willing to suffer discomforts with
out number, live on rations th at would
not satisfy the average Chinaman, mingle
with the lowest classes even-where as a
rule, sleep in the worst hovels or in the
open air, affect direst poverty and let no
chance of alms-getting slip by, then he
may see the world without the expenditure
of much money.
There are very few men who will care to
emulate Mr. Meredith's example. When
he started out he had three objects in view,
so he states: First, to prove that an
American can live on as poor rations and
endure as many hardships as any other
human being; second, that he can earn
his living in any country; and third, that
a poor man need not be deprived of the
pleasures of travel and of seeing and en
! joying more than the rich.
The second proposition was never very
much in doubt with the genuine Yankee,
i but it is hard to reconcile the first and
third. The average poor man would
i hardly find pleasure in seeing how
j wretched he might become, or much
| enjoyment in traveling on the strength of
: one short meal a day. From a close
j scrutiny of the book "one is led to the
; conclusion that Mr. Meredith's "objects"
I were after-considerations of his tramp,
• and that they were formulated simply m
, order to furnish the semblance of a pur
pose for the publication.
Here is the way the writer adapted him
seif to the "manners and customs" of the
1 people of the various countries: "I would
, eat poi with my lingers with the Kanakas,
, eat rice with the chopsticks of the China
; man, dip bread in the same sop with the
j Bedouin, of the desert and practice swal
; lowing the long, slimy sticks of macaroni
with the descendants bf the Csesars."
Mr. Meredith started from Kansas City,
■ and journeyed toward the sanaet. He
■ thinks California a wonderful State in
j every respect, and declares that "when the
j people there, like the people in lowa, learn
that no solid wealth ever comes except by
[ the slow process of hard knocks and dili
gent labor, they will have one of the best
States in the Vnion."
Had Mr. Meredith remained longer in
California, or had he traveled half as much
in our valleys as he did in the valleys near
Jerusalem, he would have discovered that
solid wealth is abundant here; that it
comes by quicker process than lowans are
able to realize, ami that comfort and Rood
living are obtained here with fewer '"bard
knocks" than in any other part of the
globe. Why, California plays second
fiddle to no State in the Union for re
sources, advantages and opportunities. It
is only the innate modesty of our people
tnat keeps back the boast which conscious
merit urges— that California, among the
States, is to-day unqualifiedly "the best."
A hard saving man is Mr. Meredith. Ar
riving in San Francisco he put aside $90
lor traveling expenses and cut him
self down to one meal a day. This single
meal and a bed cost him 50 cents. As he
sought the commonest fare he might have
gotten three or four meals and a room for
that 50 cents if he had not been too hasty
in selecting a boarding-place.
Working his way to the Hawaiian Isl
ands Mr. Mereditli obtained work on one
of the sugar plantations. There in keep
ing bachelor's hall he outrivaled the
Chinese in the cheapness of his fare, and
he makes it apparent that the Celestials
were more particular than he in their
mode of Jiving.
In Australia, •where other Americans
have made money, Mr. Meredith was the
victim of a cold frost and he left on the
first vessel bound for England, via the
Suez canal. The Holy Land interested him
JOHN" KENDRICK BANGS.
most of all. as he had studied the Bible
considerally, and he took great pleasure in
camping where he imagined Abraham,
Isaac and Jacob camped and fed their
docks by the River Jordan.
The author visits Egypt and climbs the
pyramids; goes to Athens, and muses on
the Acropolis; journeys to Rome, where
the wonders daze him ; tramps to Naples,
and then takes a "two days' trip to Vesu
vius and Pompeii, which cost him only 40
cents"; got glimpses of the darker quar
ters of Paris and London, and returned
home seemingly with as much satisfac
tion as might be entertained by one gifted
to view in classic light the vast history
breathing monuments of ancient glory,
near which the scholars of the world have
loved to linger.
Mr. Meredith's descriptions of cities and
places are hardly worth the reading. He
has learned something about the foreign
pauper classes and not much else of conse
quence. Nevertheless, the book, as a
"I AM THE PRINCESS OF SAXE-ROYALE," SHE S4ID.
[From "The Nurnberg Stove, 1 ' by Ouida.]
whole, may prove interesting as a literary
curiosity. [Chicago: Laird & Lee. Price,
75 cents.]
JOHN KENJORICK BANGS.
John Kendrick Bangs, whose portrait
may be found on this page of The Call, is
best known as the author of that laughable
travesty, "A Houseboat on the Styx."
His reputation as a writer is quite of recent
date, though he has been known for some
years as the editor of and an occasional
contributor to New York Life.
Mr. Bangs was born in Yonkers, N. V.,
in 1862. In 1883 he was graduated a bach
elor of philosophy from the School of
Political Science of Columbia College.
For a year and a half he studied law— as
he puts it— "at long range."
Disliking his legal studies he entered
the service of Harper & Bros., in 1888, to
take charge of the humorous department
of their periodicals, which position be still
holds.
In 1886, shortly after his marriage, Mr.
Bangs made a lengthened stay in Eng
land, where his first book, "Roger Camer
den,' was written. This was followed by
"New \Vagginj»sof Old Tales," "Kathef
me and "Mephistopheles," the latter
two of which were successfully dramatized.
His first substantial success, however, was
with the publication of "Coffee and Ke
partee," which is now in its fortieth
thousand.
Other books published since that time
by Mr. Bangs have been "Toppleton's
Client," brought out by a London house;
"The Water Ghost," "The Idiot," "Mr.
Bonaparte of Corsica,": "A Houseboat on
the Styx." "A Rebellious Heroine." which
will appear in Harper's next issue, and
"Three Weeks in Politics."
The "Houseboat on the Styx." already
mentioned, is one of the latest and best of
Mr. Bangs' works. In this he recounts
the doings of a select body of immortal
ghosts, who organize themselves into a
C « fo . r mutual intercourse and social ben
efit. Here we find old Charon the steward
ana general manager of an association
which generously permits such diverse
characters as Demosthenes and Dr. John
son Confucius and Lord Bacon. Nero and
Shakespeare, Emerson and P. T. Barnum
to hold sweet converse.
To get the full benefit of these gentle
men s conversation, it would ;be well for
»wmf rt° take U P Marion Crawford's
f«n he , Immortals." A perusal of this,
followed by a "Houseboat on the Styx, ;
possesses a sort of educational value, inas
much as it affords a favorable opoortunity
for comparing the work of two literary
Americans. It is also warranted to cure
the sharpest known rit of the blues.
THE NUKNBEKG STOVE.
A new edition of "Ouida's" charming
little story, published by R. F. Fenno &
Co., New York. It is got up in a very
dainty style, yellow and silver prevailing
in the binding.
A feature is made of the illustrations,
some of which are really exquisite. The
pictures are half-tone reproductions of
wash drawings, and serve to illuminate
the text in a very satisfactory manner.
[New York: R. F. Fenno & Co.]
CAPE OF STORMS.
The doctrine that the Jaws of morality
are the same for men as for women has
been the keynote of many a novel in these
later days, and various have been the
methods of expounding it. In anew story,
"Cape of Storms," Percival Pollard illus.
trates it in the lives of a young man and a
young woman who walk the primsose
paths of pleasure and acquire equally all
the experience that mutable loves can give.
The heroine and the hero having been
lovers in youth, meet after their various
experiences, and finding the old love still
strong within them, make a mutual con
fession of their "unworthiness" and re
ceive a mutual pardon. Afterward they
marry to live happily, according to the
example set in the old-time novel, and the
moral is made clear that a woman may
live as free as a man lives and suffer no
more shock to her womanhood than he
does to his manhood.
The subordinate characters of the story
are mainly artists and journalists of Chi
cago and a fascinating marri' d woman
who likes to have clever men around her
and aspires to have a salon. The book is
mainly made up of conversations, and in
all these there is an evident effort at wit,
satire, cynicism and general brilliancy,
but the success achieved is just barely suf
ficient to keep the story entertaining
enough to be a pastime. The incidents
are few and there is no attempt to give
them dramatic force except in one in
stance. Despite the rather risky nature of
the r>lot there is nothing at all risky in the
story as told, and it will have the usual
vogue of novels that claim to portray Chi
cago society as it is. ["Cape of Storms."
Percival Pollard, The Echo. Chicago.]
A MAN OF TWO MINDS.
Francis Tillou Buck is the author of a
little book entitled "A Man of Two
Minds." The book is little in every way—
in plot, in merit, in dramatic interest and
in size. This last is its redeeming quality.
The story begins as if it were intended for
a Sunday-school library, but the writer
(unconsciously perhaps) before the close
of his task ventures upon the borderland
of a theme that is permitted only to the
masters of literature. The scene between
Alfred Sheldon and the notorious Mrs.
Mills, for instance, is scarcely to be recom
mended for perusal by impressionable
boys and '.-iris, and the point sought to be
enforced is neither true nor healthful. The
affection of a simple-hearted maiden, the
pure love of a true woman, may not be
properly measured by the paroxysms of
an amorous woman of the world, who has
wearied of her own lawfully wedded mate
and is casting about to ensnare the hus
bands and sweethearts of other women.
The author who attempts such a measure
ment ia not to be congratulated. There is
relief in the reflection that "A Man of Two
Minds" is altogether fiction. This is a fact
which the author kindly impresses upon
the reader from the first pace to the last.
Some authors adroitly clothe their charac
ters with such human qualities and such
natural proclivities that the reader seems
to know them as if they existed in veritable
flesh and blood. Not so with Francis Til
lou Buck. His characters are mere shad
ows that seem to pass across the disk of an
obscurely lighted magic lantern, and that
at last disappear into airy nothingness, like
a will-o'-the-wisp or the phantom of a dis
solving view. [Published by the Merriam
Company, 67 Fifth avenue, New York.
Price $I.] ______
CHAINED TO EARTH.
This is the age of novels, and every
cause, creed and controversy produces its
story with a moral as regularly as it pro
duces its arguments and polemics. ' It is
in the nature of the age, therefore, that
the present war on the church of Rome
waged by the A. P. A. has inspired the
writing of a romance to teach the doctrines
and conceptions of the attacking party.
The story is by a California author, Jane
Wooaworth-Bruner, and bears the title
"Chained to Earth." It is more of an
extravaganza than anything else. Three
spirits dwelling in another planet came to
this one in order to lead an earth life. Two
of them became Protestants and the third
a Catholic. The incidents of the tale are
of the character that are generally at
tributed to the Catholic priesthood by
their opponents of the most decided type.
The work can' hardly be called literature.
It was intended to present the Papal
church as an infamous institution, and to
the extent of the author's powers this has
been done without regard to anything else.
"Chained to Earth," Jane Woodwor th-
Bruner. Chicago and San Francisco,
Worth Publishing Company; price 50
cents.
LITERARY NOTES.
A life of Christ is to be published in Mc-
Clure's Magazine.
The next volume in Macraillan's series
of Illustrated Standard Novels will be Dis
raeli's "Sybil."
McClure announces that a complete
plant has been purchased and that it will
be installed by the Ist of March.
The initial article in Harper's Magazine
for February will be a description of the
city of Baltimore, by Stephen" Bonsai.
Vierge, the illustrator, has furnished a
series of illustrations for a Spanish story
entitled "Sevillana," to appear in the
February Scribner'a.
The first volume in the new series of
"Foreign Statesmen," published by Mac
millan & Co.. will be "Richelieu," by Pro
fessor Lodge of Glasgow.
Among buyers of copies of limited edi
tions amusing are those who want the
copy numbered one. They think that No.
1 contains first proofs of pictures.
Balzac considered that he was wasting
time if he devoted more than six months
to any one of his longer stories. He fre
quently finished a novel in less than three.
De Quincey commonly wrote one of his
essays in a week. He never hurried him
self, and wrote slowly to avoid what, to
him, was the disgraceful task of revision.
The present interest in the Transvaal
has called attention again to the admirable
account of life among the Boers, and of
Johannesburg, which is furnished in Frank
Vincent's "Actual Africa."
Professor Sayce's book on "The Egypt of
the Hebrews and Herodotus" has just
been published. The travels of Herodotus
in Egypt are followed for the first time in
the light of recent discoveries.
Professor J. B. McMaster's new book,
which includes a review of the Monroe
Doctrine," the "Third Term in History."
and other themes of special interest, is to
have as its general title " With the
Fathers."
President Monroe's famous message of i
1823, containing the statement of the
"Monroe Doctrine " has been published in
full among the Old South Leaflets, being i
No. 56 of this valuable series of historical !
documents.
Professor James Sully's delightful
"Studies oF Childhood," which have
appeared in Appleton'e Popular Science I
Monthly during the past year, are now i
issued in book form. They make an ideal
popular scientific book.
Charles Scribner's Sons announce that
they will soon issue an elegant edition of
the works of Eugene Field. It will be in
ten volumes and sold only by subscription.
One hundred numbered sets will be printed
on Japan paper and specially bound.
The Critic was born on January 15, 18S1.
Its fifteenth birthday was celebrated yes
terday by the publication of an anniversary
number, containing a bird'seye review of
the literary movement as it has mani
fested itself in America during the past
fifteen years, and other interesting feat
ures.
Women are taking up the art of book
binding and one of them, Miss S. T. Pri
deau, has already won the highest distinc
tion in England in its practice. This lends
particular interest to the article on "De
sign in Bookbinding" in the February
Scribner's by Miss Prideau with samples
of her best work.
Dr. John Williams Palmer will con
tribute a paper to the February Century on
"Certain Worthies and Dames of "Old
Maryland." Many of the famous beauties
and brave cavaliers of the colony sat
for their portraits to Sir Joshua Reynolds,
Kneller, Peale and Sully, and their quaint
pictures and miniatures are reproduced.
A "book lover" says in the New York
Times: In Scribner's old, old bookstore,
one saw Samuel J. Tilden often, on the
topmost rung of a ladder with books under
his arm, books between his legs, and an
open book in his hands. Nowadays when
a bookseller gets a scarce old work or a lot
of scarce books he sends an invitation to
call, a long descriptive letter or a printed
list. .'.,•..'-:
In the leading article of the January
Monist Professor Mach of Vienna con
siders the large part which chance has
played in invention and discovery. He
shows thai many of the greatest discov
eries in science and the arts are due to the
chance observations of some seemingly in
significant accidental circumstance. His
article is a clear and simple philosophical
I examination of the methods of discovery.
A Pretty Good College Tell.
Smith College has no "yell." Its presi
dent announced this officially some time
ago, but the young ladies of the college
are sometimes, in moments of excitement,
i eaid to utter a cry which runs thus:
"Rah, rah, rah — Soph-i-ah — Smith."
"Sophia Smith" was the founder of the
college, and if this is not a college yell
what is it?— Hartford Times.
A Fact
Conceded
The Big Shoe Factory
gives you better returns
for your dollars than any
other shoe house in this
city. _
581-583 MARKET ST.
JOHN BOLTON'S CONTEST
He Wants More Than $15,000
From His Grandfather's
Estate.
— ..
Charges That James R. Bolton Was
Unduly Influenced Against His
Son.
The will of James R. Bolton. which has
been probated, and under the terms of
which the estate has been distributed, is
being contested by John R. Bolton, a
grandson of the testator. The grounds for
the contest are undue influence and un
soundness of mind.
James R. Bolton died on January 28,
1890. He left an estate valued at $.300,000.
Three days after his death Daniel Rogers
and Robert C. Bolton M!ed for probate a
will dated January 25, 18S8. Attached to
the will were two codicils, one dated April
6. 1889, and the other October 29, 1889.
Rogers and Robert Bolton were named as
executor*. The will was ad mil ted to pro
bate, the estate was distributed on Jan
uary 22, 1894. and on May 29, 1894, the ex
ecutors were discharged.
The petitioner is the 13-year-old son
of John M. Bolton, deceased, who was a
son of James R. Bolton, the testator, and
he has several brothers and sisters, all un
der age. In nis petition he avers that
prior to the execution of his will James
Bolton was afflicted with paralysis and
paresis, and that he was not in a mental
condition to sign any document, much
less a will disposing of an estate worth
$500,C00. It is also averred that Bolton
was for a lent: time, while mentally weak,
under the influence of Rogers, Robert
Bolton, Eutemia Estraca. Mary A. Bolton
and Frances P. Melliss. To these the bulk
of the property was bequeathed. These
bequests, he alleges, were secured by arti
fice and influence, for they forced him to
sign the will and the codicils as drawn.
Only a very small portion of the estate, a
piece of real estate valuei at $15,000, was
all that was left to John M. Bolton and his
family. This amount out of a $500,000 es
tate, it is claimed, is but an msigniticant
sum, and not at all like what the testator
would have left had be not been influenced
against John M. Bolton and his family.
The petitioners pray that the will ad
mitted to probate be declared not to be the
last will of James R. Bolton; that its pro
batn be revoked; that the order of distri
bution be vacated, and that an adminis
trator be appointed until the estate can be
properly distriouted.
Mrs. Lovell "While Appointed.
The board of managers of the Woman's
Congress Association was augmented at its
meeting yesterday by the appointment of Mrs.
Loveil White. The ladies spent the afternoon
in the task of arranging the programme for
the first three days of the congress. They re
ported much enthusiasm in the progress of
theirplans.
NEW TO-DAY.
I
January Sale
OF
Desirable and
Seasonable Goods
Throughout Every Department
AT
Prices Never Before
So Low.
We only ask an inspection. The
price and quality are bound to be irre-
sistible.
SPECIALS.
Note the prices and be assured that
there are others fully as attractive.
GLOVES.
1200 pairs Ladies' 4-button English Walkine
Gloves, In tans, browns and i^nclish reds a
fac-slmile of the Dent glove, perfect In every
respect and are fitted to the hand. They are
splendid value at $1 25 per pair. For this sale
the price is
Toe Pair.
UNDERWEAR.
Ladles' Import**! Swiss-ribbed Wool Vests, in hteh
neck and long sleeves, color white, an excel-
lent garment and never sold at less than $1 "5
each. For this sale our price is
85c Each.
Ladies' Swiss-ribbed Lisle Thread Drawers, In ecru
and black, one of last season's most popular
sellers at 85c per pair. For this sale the price is
60c Pair.
CORSETS.
450 pairs Ladies' Extra [.one Waisted 6-book N A
L. Corsets, made of splendid quality of l m .
ported black sateen, with two steels on each.
side and extra bound bust, finished with silk
embroidered top and handsomely tmbroidere.l
both top und bottom with colored silks in >'i
Bizes, 18 to 30. The best value in the world at
« $1.50 Pair.
RIBBONS.
3500 pieces FIRST QUALITY Satin-cd « Rib-
bons, in all colors, at, the following extraordi-
narily low prices.
' These goois sr.ould not be confounded with infe-
best'* 11 "if S - " lhC> are perfect goods of the
No. 2. H> inch wide 6c yard *50 nlpn»
No. 3, 3 + mch wide 6' 4 c yard. . . 60 pc™
No. 5,1 inch wide........ "yard.... «■) f>ier«
No. 7, lH inches wide. ..10,- yard... 1 o<J '' !* *
No. 9. I\s inches wide... 15c yard.... " 150 n£r«
No. 12, 2 inches wide yard. ...'.' 200 Seel
No. 16, 2 1/2 inches wide.. .25c yard. ... a5O Hoc«
i No. 22, 3 inches wide 25c yard....!. 250 pie^e
SEE OUR EMBROIDEniES-Nev.rinch
designs, never such values as are now
being shown.
Mall orders promptly filled.
binHevim,
125, 127, 129, 131 Kearny Street
BKAXCH STOKE-743 and 744 Market
■ Street.
wi nsuL I ni Lili
JAS. DUFFY & CO.
Have REMOVED to
No. 20 Geary Street.
GREAT REDUCTION
To c % SE n A °X u b T SSSSS&s P N^ ERNS
WINDOW SHADES!
Any Color. Size or kind.
[ WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.THE LATEST FASHION GOSSIP
FOR WOMEN
AND MEN
THIS week I give illustrations of a
girl's frock, a morning dress and
a ball eown. The girl is clad in
a dark blue poplin, trimmed with
velvet one shade darker, over
which is a cape collar of beautiful
silk guiDure. Poplins of a most superior
quality are now in vogue, and come in
every imaginable shade, making excellent
dresses for schoolgirls. The matinee is
composed of pale gray flannel combined
with dark crimson surah. The ribbon ia of
the same shade. This is very becoming for a
brunette or a demi-blonde, but the blue
eyed, fair-haired young mistress should
substitute pale blue or rose color.
The ball gown is a Parisian creation, the
simple godeted skirt being light blue
Batin, adorned only with three bows of
ribbon velvet placed at regular intervals
down the leftside; the bows increase in
size as they descend. The blouse corsage
is of mousseline de soie over satin of the
ume shade. It is beautified around the
Beck with white satin exquisitely embroid
ered with goid; this embroidery extends
in a V-shaped vest down the front. Around
the waist is a waistband of the black rib
bon velvet. The balloon sleeves are of the
Batin, studded with what looks like black
pearls, and ribbon velvet is run through
slashings in the satin and terminate in
sprightly four-looped bows.
The confection is delightful and abounds
in good ideas. With it co slippers of the
blue satin, and long glove 301 undressed
white suede stitched with white; they
reach the elbow and are worn in a thou
sand wrinkles from wrist to elbow, lalso
to pay particular attention to the
fact that tbis corsage is cut square in
front and V-shaped in the back, and the
latest style imperatively demands that this
V should be cut extremely low, thus neces
titating very low corsets for evening wear.
A correspondent in Paris while giving
an order to one of the roost distinguished
costumers there, saw an evening gown
intended for our new American Duchess.
It was a white satin, the skirt of which had
puffs of white silk gauze, between which
were more than thirty birds of paradise.
The skirt had a border of the heads of
these rare birds buried in rose leaves. It
is to be hoped that Consuelo will not be
Been by Queen Victoria when so attired, as
at a recent reception her Majesty saw a
fUrCountesa arrayed in crimson velvet
iie skirt of which were many birds of
paradise, and at once expressed dis
pleasure l.y remarking to her: "We
would think more highly of your character
did you not cover yourself with dead
birds?' Asa result, birds are not at ali
used in England for such purposes, but
B rage in Paris and Vienna. Speak
ing of Vienna reminds me that a visiting
costume there has been called the "Noel
dress." It is of rich crimson velvet,
trimmed with sable. On the jaunty coat
are rosettes of the fur, and a velvet toque
has a fur brim. It is completed by a muff,
which looks as though two fur cuffs had
been joined together. It is lined with
crimson satin.
Iv all gowns more vivid colors are seen
in combination. Among the favorite con
trasts are carmine rev with green, gold
»in blue, pansy withci%«ij. brown with
namois, nile proen with steel gray and
Lordeau with ff s .. llluc .
in Jans at;d V:.i, ria capes will soon be
things of the put to be had for a song
anywhere. As a ; ( . sUlt tne cloaks a^e of
marveioua elegauct, some have liniDgs of J
eiderdown, and princes 3 dresses are more
than ever in demand, some being made
entirely of fur, finished with a roll of sable
at the bottom and around the neck. How
ever, not only are these costumes ex
tremely expensive, but they weigh tre
mendously on account of the wide skirls,
so will not continue to be worn unless the
skirts diminish in width very rapidly.
They usually have epaulets composed of
pleated sable, and are only perfectly suc
cessful when made by an expert furrier.
Among the most unusual of evening
gowns are those bavins points of fur,
preferably sable or chinchilla. Vv'here the
fronts join the silk or brocade the seams
are outlined with precious stones. Such
toilet 9 are seldom seen, but deep bands
of chinchilla or sable border most of the
handsomest skirts. Many fronts are of
plain silk or satin in these princess gowns,
the train being of moire or the rarest of
brocades, and never have richer fabrics
oeen on the counters. Most artistic speci
mens of goldsmiths' work are seen on
many frocks, rare laces are in vogue, and
wonderful are the results produced with
precious stones and golden threads.
What do you think of an opera cloak
composed of black satin embroidered su
perbly in cut jet and lined with jonquil
satin? The bonnet worn with it consists
of a tiny jot crown. In the front arise two
large black butterfly wings, and I almost
forgot to tell you that the cloak has a huge
coliar of black ostrich feathers.
A pretty, plump matron received her
guests last week in a dress which admira
bly suited her. The plain skirt was of a
changeable velvet, preen, turning to odd
shades of rose. The corsage was likewise
absolutely plain, of a dark green brocade
covered with dull, pinkish flowers. It had
a square cut neck, not at all low. The
combination was perfect and the result
tres bien.
One of the most stylish of young women
wears a dress of a line mauve-colored
cloth, made absolutely plain, excepting
for an odd piece on the fight side, which
looks like a great rever, as it extends
from the neck to tho waist, being com
posed of petunia velvet covered with
guipure lace; the waistband and cuffs are
of the same. The wearer's throat is en
coded with a ribbon of petunia satin,
endimrin a bow with many ends.
A bright girl, noted for her tasteful cos
tumes, wore one evening at home a pretty
Dresden flowered skirt, a pink ground
covered with yellow roses and green
sprigs; the waist was of a green taffeta,
with a deep collar of old yellow lace; the
vest and stock were of yellow silk, covered
with the lace.
Absolutely absurd in most cases are the
huge bows of mousseline de soie or chiffon,
the ends trimmed with real lace. They
are tied under the chin, and for girls with
long slender throats the effect is very chic,
when in other ways the maiden fulfills the
demands of the bow. This is an expensive
fad, as a bow of either chiffon or mousse
line can only be worn two or three times.
Quite a number of articles were written
not long ago on the subject of how inap
propriately most women dressed for
church. Now, of course, a tailor gown or
a rich but quiet fabric is most appropriate,
but I must say that as far as I can 6ee the
women here cannot bo accused of over
dressing. There are some exceptions, how
ever, but few criticisms can be made on
this score. When peoDle wonder why
more of their neighbors and acquaintances
do not attend churcli I never do, for I am
surprised at the number who go regulariy
as some churches are krfown to be so
badJjr ventilated that half who go suffer
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
from headache for the remainder of
the day. Fancy holding Sunday-school
in a church not in a separate apartment
and before the last child has vanished ad
mitting the congregation. .Of course, the
pure air is exhausted, but what of that?
The furnaces or fires nave more coal piled
on, the windows, usually, are not made to
open and the doors are quickly closed and
then, in this particular case to which I am
alluding, the edifice is quickly filled.
There are some little ventilators here and
there, but a totally insufficient number.
As a result I have seen men doze, and
numbers of both sexes have complained
before me of headaches. It is all very tine
to say that we should not dwell on such
topics, that our minds should be fixed on
other things, but tvhen your head
is throbbing you begin to wonder
if you can punch a • -hole in
a window, and while trying to overcome
this desire not Jong ago f fell into a par
tially unconscious state and dreamed of
carrying to church, in future, bags of fresh
air. Now the rector "may have preached
an instructive and interesting sermon, but
it was all lost on me, for matter triumphed
over mind. 1 have heard so many com
ments lately over this subject that I wish,
some attention would be paid to it, as most
of us are accustomed to fresh air and sun
shine, and will not relinquish them will
ingly for furnace heat and an atmosphere
laden with disease germs of every sort.
It is rather abrupt to leave this topic
and again speak of garments, but one of
our most beautiful young mothers across
the bay was extremely attractive at a
dance last week in a toilet of soft pearl
pray brocaded crepe, with sleeves of crim
sin velvet. Encircling the low-cut neck
was an odd puffy ruche of velvet, and
around the waist was a softly wrinkled
band of the same fabric, which tied at the
left side in bow with two long upstanding
loops, the ends of which reached the bot
tom of the skirt.
There is another way of making low
bodice. It is constructed with the point
in front, a narrow basque meeting it on
either side, while handsome lace or jet at
tached to net falls in graceful fril lings from
the neck, longer in the center; the sleeves
remain larire. Evening costumes which
are not trimmed around the bottom with
bands or roils of chinchilla or sable are
given the requisite touch in Paris by
means of a roll of silk, velvet or brocade,
which is very decorative and helps to make
the skirt hang well. In London the swell
est fabric for evening wear at the present
moment is white velvet, which must be
trimmed with gold passementerie or pearls
and rhinestone bands and ornaments, or
iridescent bands and Vandykes. - Ermine
or sable is also used. ' Such a gown costs a
small fortune, as also does a truly magnifi
cent cloak ordered in England by royalty.
It is described as a long seal mantle, with
bishop's sleeves made of the same fur. The
large shawl collar, front trimmings and
cuffs are of complete sable (royal) skins.
Th« tails and little feet are left on as they
give a pretty effect to the trimming. The
lining is of white satin.
It is to be hoped that stout women wi 1
eschew white velvet bodices, even if they
have their skirts of it, as the corsages can
be of rich sitin, which does not give such
an effect of size.
In most of the latest trousseaux are two
or more tea jackets, delightful affairs com
posed of shot and changeable silks or
satins, much trimmed with all sorts of
dainty exquisite laces, and usually they
have vests of contrasting hues.
There is a revival in Paris of the once
most fashionable tapestry cloth it is be
ing combined with velvet, producing
gowns of exceptional charm, but then
they should be dreams considering that
the cloth is $25 per yard, although to be
sure it is very wide.
Slippers for evening wear are receiving
much, attention at present, many of the
leading dressmakers especially designing
them for their fair patron?.
I spoke last week of Miss Tyree's (or as
we know her better, Miss Tommy's) suc
cess in the "Home Secretary," and prom
ised to tell you something about her gowns
in this article, ana so I quote from Vogue.
Referring to her wardrobe Miss Tyree
said:
"I always dress a part with as much fitness to
the woman impersonated as I can. You see,
in the 'Home Secretary' I tried to wear just
what this society woman would, who had a bit
of (liable in her, and who would, you know,
affect outre costumes. For instance, such a
woman would never wear chiffons or clinging
materials— severe lines are for her appropriate."
In the flT6t act Miss Tyree wears a reception
toilet of a white silk ground with red and
yellow carnation scattered hero and there.
The skirt has a front p-nel, with t'ny double
tongues of scarlet ou^ming it. The bodice,
of white cloth, lias a yellow velvet front, with
exquisite Renaissance lace artistically arranged
over it, 'and the coat back, with its long
tails, is lined with the red. In front it forms
a sort of zouave effect, and the white cloth is
cut out and an applique pattern is done in red
and black. To complete this chic toilet is
a picture hat of white velvet topped with black
plumes and red and yellow orchids. Its liar-
Ing brim, perched so eoquettipiily on Miss Ty
ree's pretty head, is lined with black velvet,
and right at the crown, -so as to be against the
hair, is a steel ornament.
The style of gown is very dependent on
the tit, and yet many women expect their
dreesmafcera to fit them over old or ili
shapen corsets. If you cannot afford a
good, property made pair and a stylish
gown at the same time, first secure your
corsets, as no woman can obtain the de
sired result until your figure is properly
corseted. If you can pay to have your
corsets made to order by an expert French
woman do not hesitate, go to her direct;
but if you must count the dimes try and
see if you cannot be suited with a ready
made one, which you should have sent
direct to your dressmaker, as she v 111 tell
you if it is what you need, and if any
changes are necessary will nark where
the alterations are to be made, for once
equipped with a well-fitting corset a woman
can wear the simplest gown -with satisfac
tion and comfort. Stout women should
be careful not to let their corsets be too
visible; by this I mean that it is very well
to put them over their flannel snirts but
not over their silk ones, as the lower
edge uf the corset is then too distinct.
Many actresses even make this mistake,
and the result is bad.
I s-ee that puffed sleeves have been
successfully reproduced in marble by a
French sculptor named Verier, as he haa
made his figure of a woman reclining on
the marble bench at the base of the pedes
tal of the bust of Guy de Maupassant, quite
up to date, for her corsage 11 ts closely, and
the great puffed sleeves are saici to fall in
dc-corative puffs, the full skirt making
effective drapery, which Tails negligently
over the side of her couch. The puffed
sleeves are said to have given him an in
credible amount of trouble, but the result
is* so excellent that critics are saying that
his figure will probably not become
ridiculous, but always remain artistic and
presentable, with the change of fashion. As
:\ result a great many debates have been
in order as to whether or no the fashions
of to-day for women are not more sensible
and tasteful than formerly.
I understand that the H. H. wedding
wiil take place on the loth of next month
and will be a brilliant affair.
The Young Ladies' Orchestra is to be
given a benefit concert in the near future
which will not only be a source of keen
interest to music-lovers, but also to all
who have appreciated the noble charitable
spirit which has prompted these young
society girls to do so much for the benefit
of others, as they have given no less than
seven "chanty concerts."
This has been a dull week and as a result
there will be any number of affairs scram
bled into the two weeks preceding Ash
Wednesday. Marcella.
FOE MEN.
Mr. John Drew has been very wisely ad
vised by Kirn to make a study of the suits
worn by Mr. dOrsay in " The Artist's
Model." In the lirst act he wears a park
suit of a rough brown material. The
coat i 3 a frock, and fits like "a glove."
With it his tie is a puff Teck, and 1113 col
lar, which stands straight, is almost three j
inches in height. This excellent costume
is completed with patent-leather walking
boots, brown box-cloth spats, a silk hat
und white kid gloves with blacK stitching,
these being the latest style in gloves in
London.
1 notice that Him makes no remarks
about the white sputs Mr. d'Orsay some- j
times wears with this same suit. The |
effect is said to be "droll," causing some j
one to remark that "it made d'Orsav !
look as though he had porcelain insteps." j
The white spats are a result of hearing >
about the French President's freak, I pre- I
sume.
I recently noted in an article concerning
the son oi a millionaire the remark that
"his clothes were of course made by j
Poole." Well, lam sorry tor him if they
were, as "the great, original Poole" has j
been dead many years, and no tailor by
that name is now famous or especially
good in .London.
Very blue and equally pink bathrobes
are for the moment the most fashionable.
It is so extremely difficult nowadays to
have one's linen laundered in a satisfac
tory manner that even in New YorK many
have given up having attached collars, but
of course the attached cuff is a necessity
for any one pretending to underhand
what is what, and linen when correctly
laundered never has the slightest gloss, a
dull finish being demanded.
Men are included in many small informal
"at home" and tea invitations, and these
do not demand an after-call, but invita
tions to large receptions demand an after
call, which must be paid within a month
after the entertainment.
When a wife is in mourning and her
husband is not only her cards have a black
border, and, of course, if he is in mourn
ing he uses mourning-cards.
A man should never indulge in any
fanciful notepaper. Dead or ivory-white
paper is always correct, and may nave a
rough or cream-laid surface. All social
notes and letters must be sealed with
either a monogram or coat-armor. The
wax must be carefully selected with regard
to color.
A man wears a black satin tie at the
theater, at a small dinner, when calling
and at home, with his dress or Tuxedo
coat at dinner. A black patin one is buo
atituted when in mourning. A white tie
is aiwaya worn with a dress suit at any
large and formal entertainment such as a
ball, the opera, a wedding reception, a
wedding or a large dinner party.
This winter mackintoshes are unusually
well cut, and are made up in good colors
and mixtures. Browns are preferred.
C.C.
General Sherman's Grandson.
General Bberman has a grandson and a
namesake resident in Boston. William
Tecumseh Sherman Thorndike is a very
young gentleman still in kilts, but pos
sessed or a remarkable plainness of speech
and not at all inclined to lisp or use any
babyish circumlocutions when he marches
upon any difficulty. His mind has been
the battlefield of a problem evidently of
late. He has been assailed in his mind
even in his nursery, and he nut the
question to the touch the other duy in
prompt military fashion, determined to
possess himself of an unprejudiced out
side opinion, entirely uninfluenced by
parental or nurse's notions. He appeared
beside his mother, General Sherman's
daughter, in her drawing-room whilo a
visitor was present and exchanged cour
tesies of introduction politely with a man
ner most distinguished for infantry. Sher
man sat regarding the visitor in silence
for a few moments, then he leaned a little
forward, and, with the distinctness of a
diplomat, enunciated his question:
"Should you be mad at me if you saw
me suck my thumb?"
NEW TO-DAY.
Help j
FOR \
vt, t Faded ;
'■^EisfiS Women :
whose loss of beauty is the despair of their ,
lives, and a torture to their souls. . ,
FOR ONE WEEK^Sc'SSS;
1 for personal office treatment on wrinkles,
1 freckles and facial blemishes. Impover- *
1 ished skin restored to its youthful freshness '
1 and the plain face made beautiful once <
, more, My best testimonial is my own >
face. I have the largest Dermatologjcal ,
' Institute in America, where I have success- ,
' fully treated thousands. I guarantee my
1 claims absolutely, nnd invite the fullest
1 investigation. ... " *
; Superfluous Hair pe^^ n {
only successful means ever discovered — 1
the Electric Needle, as operated by Mrs. ,
' Harrison. ■ (
TDI A I DfiT Ladies out of town ,
i IKIALTUI. sending this ad. -with •
'10c. in stamps, will receive a book of
> instructions and a box of Lola Montez '
. Creme aud Face Powder, FREE. '
, Come This Weak to my parlors, and 1
see what I can do for you. ' - 1
, MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
, DERMATOLOGIST, '
1 40.42 Geary St.. San Francisco. 1
A FASCINATING WOMAN
Bab Chats in an Interesting Way
of Her Visit to Yvette
Guilbert.
HOW SHE IMPRESSED HEE.
The Fair Singer Gives Her Opinion of
the Beauty of American
Women.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— The very min
ute I saw the picture I said to myself, in
that confidential way in ■which one does
talk to one's self, "I must see that woman !"
And by this I didn't mean simply seeing
her on the stage, or seeing her after the
fashion of reporters, but as one woman
sees another. The picture? Well, she was
standing in front of a mirror, witti her
face turned partly toward you, and draw
ing the laces of her stays. And she had
done it so correctly that my admiration
was hers, and mv curiosity to see her. per
sonally, was quire as great as Lom
broso says curiosity is developed in
a woman with fair hair and
dark eyes. (By the by, though, he
says this isn't a mean curiosity; it is an
intellectual one.) In the picture her stays
were drawn in properly at the waist line
and spread out broadly and beautifully
about the bust and hips. Said I, "The
woman who draws her laces in that fash
ion has brains." The average woman pulls
her laces up and down just as closely as
she can, so that neither bust nor hips have
an opportunity to develop; she can't
laugh with enjoyment, and her poor arms
have no opportunity to express them
selves. And Yvette Guilbert certainly
manages to express very much with those
long, slender arms and" wonderful hands
of ners.
Dumas, the master of the heart of wo
man and the art of the stage, said there
were only two things worth considering
in a play or a book, woman and love. Be
lieve me, Yvette Guilbert is ■worth study
ing. It makes no difference whether she
speaks or not, and yet it does. For cen
turies poets have said there was a fascina
tion in the silence of the Sphinx. Take my
word for it there is more fascination
in the speech of woman, especially
when yon realize that her speech con
ceals her thoughts. Here is a woman,
not beautiful, as we reckon beauty, and
yet the greatest artiste in France has
thought it worth while to paint her,
while that artist who draws the designs,
the rinest ones, for the Sevres vases took
Yvette Guiibert as a model, and gave
thanks for the permission to picture her.
She belittles ordinary beauty. The pink
and white, the blue eyes, the small mouth,
the dimpled iigure with its 18-inch waist
becomes as notbipg beside thia woman,
whose ligure is natural, whose eyes are —
what color are they? I only know this
about them— since they lirst looked on the
world, humanity has been their book, and
they, have read it well. Her hair is red, a
perfect red, with not a dash of crimson in
it; her skin is white; her mouth is large;
her teeth are exquisite, and in tsn minutes
speech with her that mouth assumes hun
dreds of curves that each mean something.
Sarah Bernhardt becomes nothing of a
riddle before Yvette Guilbert. She says
how kind the world has been to her. I
look at her, and she is Gavroche. The
poor little street boy, well acquainted with
the slang of the day, clever, sympathetic,
keen and yet willing, because sorneboay
NEW TO-DAY.
•-* ' i ' -■'■ i;V ■;. ■■:-■- .;■■■■; - .
Tumblers
Tumble
For 3 Days!
.■■■ . L
On Monday,, Tuesday and
Wednesday ONLY our fine, thin
$1.75 Water Glasses go at $1
PER DOZEN. Exquisitely etched
in a beautiful design. See them
in the window. And don't for-
get — Wednesday night ends it.
Watch for our special sales
every week. There's sure to be
a splendid bargain in something
you want.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE—
A Quarter of a Block Below Shr eve's.
WANGENMEIM, STERNHEin & CO.,
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Slitter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY
CLEARANCE SALE
for the NEXT 60 DAYS
As I have ordered direct from • Bjfrf
the manufacturers a full and ' £•&£#
complete assortment of the la- f»w
test designs In Spring and Sum- "£ V
jitr. Goods. I therefore otter uiy , -dt^ji^
entire stock of "Woolens now aa&dsS&Hk
on hand i-t Pkjces npver before BBSt^SSk
offered la San Francisco. jpHMMSS '
GUARANTEED GENUINE <&ra|K§il
ENGLISH CASSIMERE ' ' Kf- I ji '
PANTS TO ORDER : ' Plffi$!llll
FORMERLY BED! lED TO ' ffl '■ gK \ W
$10.00 $6.50 fiffir
ATT WOOL SUITS - «l #mV i
TO ORDER: . ■ IIOHII ■
TOKMEELY ... . REDUCED TO ■ ff ffl?
$25.00 $17.50 iJiP'
All other Garments Reduckd %> *^|Ju* > *^a '
In like proportion; : You will do ]gj> m
well to avail yourself of thjs opportunity, and giro
me a call before buying elsewhere. .- »■
• " Kespectfully yours, ■
JOE POHEiM. The Tailor
201 & 203 Montgomery St., cor. Busb,
724 Market St. and 1110 & 1112. Market St.
• ■ AN FRANCISCO, CAL.
TS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR
JL eyes and lit them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses
with instruments 0; his own invention, wnosa
superiority has not been equaled. My succeu ha*
been due to the merits of my work;
. Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. m.
; NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
K EARN AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD 4 CO.
European plan. Rooms 60c to $1 50 per day $i
to $8 per week, $8 to $30 per month: free baths;
- tot and cold water every room; tire grates in ar«rjf
1 com; elevator rum s^unigat
else is cold, to wrap his coat about it.
Somebody, some reporter, wrote a story
which was said to tell of the love of Yvette
Guilbert's life.
Bab ! Women with eyes like hers don't
tell of their loves. They suffer them, they
live in them, and sometimes they die of
them. Somebody else, meaning to be
polite, and remembering her fondness for
the white gown and black sloves, compared
her to a bird. Never. Unless she was a
dove who sat on one of the trees in Para
dise and cooed and wondered as she heard
the serpent tempting Eve. She looks as if
she might carry out the theory of trans
migration — as if she had known the his
tory of every woman's heart since the
world began. And men see her and call
her chic, which she is, and call her pe
culiar, which she is; but it takes always
a won:an to discover what she reahy is —
the Sphinx of the nineteenth century.
I say to her, "What costume -do you
like?"
Inhere is a light in the eyes, those won
denul eyes, that suggests femininity and
its love for chiffons. ~ And she says, "I
like#a very quiet dress. I like a black
dres3, and one in which while I look well
I am not noticeable."
There is a toss of the head, a shrug of
the shoulders, a movement of the beau
tiful bands, and I realize that it is not
Gavroche. the gamin, up to all the argot
and all the tricks of the street, to whom
I am talking, but the grande dame.
"But for the evening?" The hands give
a kind of a whirl, as if they compassed all
the lilies in the world, and she answers:
"White before everything else. White in
beautiful clinging stuffs, and no jewels."
Then I remember what Balzac says about
colors. "Black apparently subdues, but it
has an inexpressible fascination, while
white, although it looks virein-like, is
powerful in its intensity to draw out."
With a woman's curiosity I ask another
question. "What do you consider a beau
tiful woman?"
She looked at me, and then .she seemed
to look far off in the distance before she
answered, "What is beauty in one climate
is not beauty in another. Ido not admire
the English women; they are too regular
and too lacking in expression. Your
American women come nearer the French
women than any other people, but then
you are a new race, and from you should
come the most beautiful women in the
world. And lime and time only will prove
whether you have them, although I have
seen many beautiful American women,
and I must say for them that they
dress elegantly and have that indefinable
something which we call 'chic' But a
beautiful woman to me and my people is
a woman of expression; a woman whose
eyes not only tell their story, but whose
body in its litheness is most artistic. No
fat — fat is not beautiful; no dimples
dimples are insipid ; but expression — that
is what makes a woman charming, and
that is what makes her fascinating to men.
I have been told that your American
men are generous — that they work,
work, work, and are satisfied if their
women are hapny. Ah! what superb
husbands they must make. What do I
love best to read? Old poetry. I like
some of the modern novelists, particularly
De Maupassant, because he wrote first
about this, then about that, was universal,
and an artist to his finger tips. I love
beautiful lingerie. How do you call it
here — underwear.' Ah! I can imagine a
lady wearing a plain gown, but I cannot
imagine a gentlewoman who did not wish
her underwear, so you call it, dainty and
exquisitely made and trimmed with lace
and ribbons."
1 hear it all. I hear the words, but be
fore everything else there comes the music
01 that Wonderful voice — I call it fine; I
can think of no other word for it. It has
strength, it is clear, ringing, distinct, and
there 13 never a note too high or too low.
Every syllable has its value, and I have
only heard one other woman whose French
compared with that of Yvette Guilbert,
and that was Sarah Bernhardt. Her work
well, you have heard enough about her
work, and yet I wish instead of teaching
her plantation naeiodies, so she may have
some English soi^ in her repertoire, that
sonifl one would make her understand the
meaning of the words, and once she did
that, neither you nor I need doubt her
____J NEW TO-DAT.'
ffiifls
Winter
Clearance
Sale
BEFORE STOCK-TAKING.
GLOVES ! -:- GLOVES !
Grand Special Sale.
GREAT BARGAINS
GLACE A! SUEDE!
All Sizes. ' I All Colors.
All Styles. I All Lengths.
WORTH
$2, $1.75,11.50, $1.25 and $1,
TO CLOSE OUT
: ; — — jSl.l* —
j .' ■ ** * :
A PAIR.
SE H AB L A ESPANOIi. '
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary and Grant Aye.
VILLEDE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE —
LOS ANGELES.
ability to draw the picture of that wonder
ful poem of Dante Gabriel Rosetti which
which begins:
I/izy, laughlne, lawraisning Jenny.
Fond of a kiss and fond of ■ guinea.
I have paid the usual fashionable call on
Mademoiselle, and it is time to say
"Adieu." Alas ! that her time here is so
shbrt'that it cannot be "An revoir," and
yet 1 think, as .1 people, we are sufficiently
clever to appreciate what is good, and to
say to this wonderful woman, "Comeback
to us and De welcomed heartily." In my
card case 1 carry a little card, which I value
very much; it was written as a jest, but
it was the expression of like? and dislikes
of this clever woman, pat as she proudly
said, in English. This is how it reads :
I like the green. I like very mucn the lilac
j and the roses. I don't like the birds uml
i people: -I believe in God. The quality I prefer
i in a human being is gi rl, and
honesty for a. man. YVETTS GtriLBERT.
Bab.
A LIST OP ACQUAINTANCES.
Very Few Men Who Know by Name
. One Tiioti>an<l People.
A small party seated in the Manhattan
I Club night before last was discussing the
j question of acquaintance:?. One well
kuown lawyer ; said he knew as many
people as any man in the room, he did not
I care who he was. I asked if he could say
j how many, acquaintances he had— not
friends merely,, but persons known casu
ally and slightly." After thinking it over
he said "10,000."
"I bet $ijQ .to $5," said another of the
party, "that you cannot name 1000 per
sons of yourj acquaintance, and give vo'u
all night to do it." The bet was made,
and the lawyer began, a friend keeping
tally.
When, after two hour 3of hard thin King,
he had reached between 500 and (WO, he
was going very slow and straining terribly.
At midnight he was so far from the 1000
mark that the party broke up in disgust.
I doubt if there is a man in this country
who could write down the names of 1000
acquaintances at a moment's notice. I
don't believe there are five men in the
United States who are acquainted person
ally with 10,000 people. Dan Lamout>Secre
-1 tary of War, is said to know more faces than
any other man. He made a study of faces
when Mr. Cleveland's private secretary,
and became indispensable to the President.
It might be said that there are many poli-
I ticians who know more than 10,000 people
I personally, hut you can't rely upon a po
litical acquaintance. The politician has a
way of pretending to know every living
I man who has a vote. Dr. Chauncey M.
1 >epew probably has as wide an acquaint
ance as any man we know. Many men
remember faces without being able" to re
call names. That is not an acquaintance.
It will not do to say we have seen such
and such a man before somewhere, but
cannot recollect his name. — New YorK
Press.
• — — •
New York's Busiest Corner.
"Something terrible to look at, isn't
it?" said one woman to another, looking
back as they reached the sidewalk after
crossing Broadway at Fourteenth street.
Maybe she didn't actually mean exactly
that, and then, again, perhaps it struck
her in just that way. Certainly that cor
ner at this busy season, with its throngs
of pedestrians and many passing teams
and cable-cars, rounding at speed, presents
easily the most exciting street scene in
New York. People halt on the sidewalks
to look at it.— New York Sun.
• — * — •
New Treatment of Aluminum.
A remedy for one of the chief obstacles
to the general use of aluminum, the oxidiz
ing of the surface, has been found by Pro
fessor Gotting of the Berlin Artillery and
| Engineering Academy. The aluminum is
dipped into a diluted solution of certain
salts, tnat are not made public, which turn
the surface into a brown substance of great
resisting power, resembling Japanese
bronze. Experiments are being mude to
iind out whether with the new treatment
aluminum can be used for cooking uten
sils for the army.
NEW TO-DAT.
THE NEW YEAR
Brings New Goods
AND NEW PRICES!
I
Genuine Imported Macaroni
or Vermicelli, Mb, Dack- A ft*
ages.... iUu
Fancy Creamery Butter, per in^
roll. *tUb
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, A ft*
per p0und.... ....... lUu
Melange Preserves, quart *)rtn
jars, formerly 50c, now. . /.Ub
'lew Tack Table Apricots, A f| n
2 1-2 lb. cans ........ | UC
Choke French Prunes, new C#|
crop, per 1b. ......... 3u
New Crop Beans— Pea, Pink-: QC#j
or : Bayos— lbs. for. . - £3h
Burk?s Irish or Well QCA
Whisky, per b0tt1e... .. uQb
Crosse & Black well's Pickles, nj! n
elsewhere 85c, our price. Zub
•■ '■ . ■'.•■..".■■.
MONTHLY CATALOGUE SEAT
:- ; FREE EVERYWHERE. !:;
Wholesale and Retail Grocer,
949-95 I
MARKET STREET.
Between Fifth and Sixth.
2324
DON'T you think it adds much to
the joy and interest of life to pay
a little attention to the senti
ment of things? I do. I thin£ it
tinges our days with roseate
hues to be just a little sentimental.
What 1 have in mind particularly just
now are the flowers and stones for the
months of the year.
I'm sure you all Wk,c to know your birth
day stone and its meaning, likewise the
flower for your month, with its sentiment.
So I have just thought how pleasant it
would be to have published on the chil
dren's page of The Call the stones and
flowers for each month of the year.
Well, the flower for January is the pure,
delicate snowdrop, the sentiment of which
is consolation.
The bolly greets the red-breast
'Mid winter, drear and dark,
.And he snowdrop, wakened by his sons,
i'eeps tremblingly forth. Twambly.
The rich, beautiful garnet is the precious
stone for this first month of the year, and
the following little verse will enlighten
you as to its meaning:
l\y her who in this month is born
No gem save garnets should be worn.
They will insure her constancy,
True fnenilshiu anil fidelity.
How Denise and Tooriles Became Ac
quainted.
Many years ago (so many that the writ
er's little daughter, when told how many,
a=ked. "Mamma, are you a hundred years
old yet?") there lived in a pretty town on
the banks of the Hudson River, not many
miles from New York, a little girl named—
well, we will call her Denise. That was
not her real name, but someone who is
very closely related to her now bears it,
and so we will give it to her.
She haa neither brother nor sister and
was sometimes a little bit lonely, even
though . "-he had no end of pets, including
dogs, kittens, rabbits, birds and a beauti
ful big goat named "Tan" to drive about
in a little carriage. Tan loved her dearly,
and when not harnessed to his carriage
would follow her about like her big New
foundland doe, "Sailor." No matter
where Denise went, the goat "was sure to
go," until people used to laugh and say,
"Here come Tan and Denise," instead of
"— Denisu and Tan."
The little girl loved her pets as dearly as
they loved her, but the dream and desire
of her life was to have a dear little pony to
ride and 'Irive, and— last, but by no means
least — to love, for her fondness for horses
amounted to a passion, and with them she
Was absolutely fearless. They, in turn,
seemed to love and comprehend her to a
wonderful degree, responding to her
voice and submitting to her caresses when
they were often fractious and quite unruly
With others.
- it seemed a very gratifying ending to
the long-cherished * wish, when, on her
tenth birthday, one bright October morn-
Ing, her father said to her: "Many happy
returns of the day. my pet! Run to
mamma and ask her to dress you for a
walk. I've a surprise at the end of it, for
both you and her."'
"Another surprise!" exclaimed Denise.
"Why, I thought L'd seen all the surprises
before breakfast!"
'•No, <l<;ir; I've another. It's a little
thing, and if you don't like it you may tell
it to just run away, as you've no place for
it."
"Now, whatever can it be?" thought
Denise as she hurried upstairs, and, burst
ing into mamma's room, cried, "Oh,
mamma, dress me quickly, ulease; for
papa has a walk at the end of a surprise —
and you're not to know a thing about it,
either!"
Never were curls made tidy so quickly,
or clothes scrabbled on in such a hurry.
Before papa nad time to rind hat, gloves]
or cane, a very excited little pirl stood
before him crying: "If you don't start
quickly, I just know my head will fly off
like a bottle of soda-water that's all fizz |"
About thirty minutes' walk along the
shore of the beautiful river, whose waters
Beerne'l to dance and sparkle in sympathy
with Denise as she pranced and skipped
along, brought them to the village, where
] -a pa turned down a side street which led to
a livery and boarding stable. Denises
heart began to beat so loudly that she felt
sure it could be heard, and her brown eyes
to sparkle as though some one had dropped
a lit'.le diamond into each.
"Oh, me!" she whispered to herself. "I
i'ust know it's a new carriage and set of
larnesa for Tan; and papa has asked Mr.
Andrews to get it for me, because he heard
me «ay that the old ones were getting very
eliabby for such a handsome goat."
Tan. by the way, was an unusually large
Bpecimen of his Kind, measuring" quite
thirty-two inches at the shoulders, and
buastmg a head and pair of horna that
were the admiration of all who saw them.
He was named Tan because of the color
of his hair, which was a bright tan and
shone like satin when well brushed by
Timothy, the coachman. So the prospect
of a new harness and carriage for Tan was
quite enough to 6et Denises heart danc
ing.
At last the stable was reached, and the
first thing her eyes fell upon was a beauti
ful little phaeton with bright yellow
wheels, and a shining top that could be
raised and lowered, "just like big folks's."
In the bottom, for her feet to rest upon,
was a little yellow Angora-wool rug, to
match the color of the wheels. On the
seat wa? a soft, white wool blanket, bound
with yellow silk, and in one corner was
fastened a big blanket-pin that was cer
tainly intended to pin that blanket snugly
around something's throat. Over the
shining dashboard was folded a handsome
fur robe, made of leopard's skin, and
trimmed all round the edges with wildcat's
fur.
The leopard's head looked very fierce as
it stared at Denise with big glass eyes, but
I hardly think that a live leopard would
have made much impression upon her, so
soeechiess and dumb this fascinating sight
had turned her. But when she went closer
and took out the exquisite little whip
which stood in the whip-socket, and read
her own initials on the gold band which
held the dainty ivory handle to the snake
wood stick, her joy began to pour forth in
a torrent of words which quite drowned
the remark of old Timothy, who stood by,
enjoying it as if the whole thing had been
planned for one of his own little Timothys,
at home.
•"Whist, darlintl while I roon and fetch
Up the little hoorse that tits insoide." said
he, as he disappeared through a side door.
Presently Denise'sears heard a patter, pat-
"TAV'AND DENISE.
ter! patter, patter! Looking behind her
she beheld the dearest, darlingest littie j
pony that any one ever saw! He was black j
as a crow from the tip of his saucy little !
nose to the end of the long silky tail that i
dragged on theground behind him, except- !
ing one little white moon just back of his |
right eye, which seemed to have been put i
there on purpose to kiss, it was soft and
round.
For a moment Denise did not move nor
speak, and then, with a cry of delight
which amply repaid her father for his long
weeks of searching and planning for his
perfect little turnout, she flung her arms
around the pony's neck and laughed and
cried and kissed, until the poor little fellow
was quite bewildered, and did not know
whether his new mistress was one to be de
sired or avoided.
Presently, however, he decided that it
was all right, and, with a happy little neigh,
he thrust his soft nose into her hands,
pressed his face close to hers, searched her
pockets for sugar and tried to say as
plainly as a horse could :
"This is my new little mistres?, and as
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
she seems to love me already I'm going to
show her how much I can love her."
Then Timothy produced the harness
that fitted the "little hoorse" which "fitted
insoide," and the pony was harnessed to
the phaeton that had been made to his
measure.
No words can express the rapture of that
drive. To hold the pretty reins and feel
the prompt response given by the well
trained little animal; to watch His pranks
and antics as he dashed along, apparently
trying to show how graceful he could be in
order to convince his new mistress that he
left nothing to be desired— it really seemed
too good to be true, and Denise feared it
might all be a dream from which she
would waken ana find that pony and all
had vanished.
The little feet fairly new over the ground,
and the drive home was quite the shortest
she had ever known.
Mamma stood on the piazza, watching
| for the surprise to come, and when she saw
the handsome pony and the carriage with
her husband and her own little daughter
' sitting in it come dashing up the driveway,
she was as much pleased as mothers usu
ally are when they know that their little
girls' dearest wishes are realized.
The entire household had to be sum-
I moned to see and admire this pony, which
was surely more wonderful than any pony
I that had ever lived; and the charming
I little fellow was talked to and caressed and
I petted and fed witn apples and sugar until
; he was in a very fair way to be made ill.
'And now," said Denise, "what shall
we name him, mamma?"
"You must name him yourself, darling,"
answered mamma, "for he is all your very
| own, to love and care for."
"Well," said Denise, in a tone which
settled the matter beyond all question.
"i in noins to call him "Ned 'foodies'; Ned
because he is as olack as old darky Ned
who comes for the asties, and Toodies be
cause he is so little and round and roly
poly."
So "Ned Toodies" was the name given
to the dear little pony, who thenceforth
figured very conspicuously in the life and
pranks of his mistress, and caused no end
of jealousy among the other pets.
At last Denise was persuaded to let Ned
be led away to his new quarters, Timothy
exclaiming as he marched off with his
small charge in tow: "Faith! howiveram
1 to clane sooch a schrap of a thing as
this? I'll have to be hoontin' up a big
box to sthand him on !"
And sure enough, that was exactly what
he had to do, and it took but a short time
for the intelligent little animal to learn
just what the box was for. As soon as his
stall door was opened he would march out,
get uron the box, stand very still while
he was curried, and ttien lift lirst one foot
and then the other to have it cleaned and
washed.
Nothing gave Timothy greater satisfac
tion than to brush the beautiful coat until
it shone lite moleskin, and to comb the
silky maue and tail until each particular
hair seemed to stand out for very pride.
Ned s.)on grew to love his little mistress
very dearly, and to answer with a loud
neigh the queer, piping whistle by which
she aiways called him.
No pen can describe the delightful
drives of the charming autumn days.
Jack Frost seemed particularly gracious
that year, and painted the trees more
gorgeously than ever before.
At least it seemed so to Denise; but
perhaps seeing it all from her littie car
riage as she drove along in the golden
sunshine singing to Ned the little song ol
which he never seemed to tire gave an
added charm to everything.
This song was all about a "poor little
robin" whose name was "Toodle-de-too,"
and Ned seemed to think that it had been
composed especially for him, and would
invariably go very slowly as soon as Denise
began to sing it, and would turn back one
ear, as though to hear better.
When the song ended he would give a
funny little jump of approval, and then
trot on again.
And so the happy autumn days sped by,
and Denise felt that there never had been
| so happy an introduction before as that
j which made her acquainted with Ned
! Toodles.
U-A.BBIELLE E. Jackson in St. Nicholas.
Fairy Bells.
Tinkle, tinkle, fairy bells,
What sweet talcs your music tells,
l.lst, ye children, pure and bright,
Tinkle, tinkle, all the night.
Wondroua tales at dewy eve,
Shady iiooks in leafy dills—
This is what your music tells;
Tinkle, tinkle, fairy bells.
A Mouse Story.
One bright moonlight night Mrs. Burns
I said to her two little boys, 'I'ome, boys,
I get your greatcoats and warm caps on
and you and I will go down to the Point
and see the moonlight on the water."
"Oh! goody, goody," shouted the
DONALD THINKS HE HAS A HARD TIME.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.}
youngsters as they rushed to the maid
and were hurried into their coats. They
were so delighted to think they were going
to have a walk with their Hear mamma,
and they did so love to see the lisrht of the
moon shimmering over the water — and
then the wonderful phosphorescent lights,
which were so strange and mysterious, in
terested them still more. "When they
came, all ready, to their mother's room
theytound she had put on her large soft
black straw hat, which was trimmed with
delicate pink roses and lined with soft
silk. Ihe little boys liked her to wear
that hat and always cailed her their
picture mamma' when she had it on.
After wrapping a warm shawl around
her shoulders they were ready to start.
Just as they were going to open the door
something stuck mamma's head. She
thought one of her hatpins was out of
place, so she put ud her hand and rear
ranged it. Again something pulled her
hair and scratched her head; again she
tried to get the pins in properly. Now
they could surely start, so they opened the
<loor and were just going to step out when
those naughty pins pulled mamma's hair
once more, so hard this time that she took
out both pins and gently lifted her hat
from her head, when, what do you sup
pose ran down the side of her head, across
her ear, down, clown to the floor, as fast aB
its little legs could carry it? Why, a tiny
irray mouse. How the little "boys did
..?i hl and . how their mother did scream!
"How did it get there, mamma, and
what was it doing? Did it hurt you
much? Did its tiny feet tickle your ear?"
were a few of the questions which Mrs.
Burns had to answer.
After examining her hat she told the
little fellows that Mrs. Mouse had been
ooking around fcr a soft nest in which to
keep her baby mice, and finding that her
hat, which had been hanging up in a dark
closet for four or five days, had such a
soft lining she decided to turn it into a
dainty bed for the precious little ones, and
probably when mamma had taken the hat
down and placed it on her head the little
mouse had either been asleep or too fright
ened to move, gaining courage only
through desperation when she found her
self an actual prisoner.
Well, after all this excitement, it was
quite late, but as the night was still so
clear and bright, the little boys had their
walk, and stood for some time on the point
watching the beautiful moon sailing so
slowly through the sky, and its reflection
in the waters of the bay at their feet.
'THE LITTLE FEET FAIRLY FLKW OVER THE GROUND, AND THE DRIVE
HOME WAS THE SHORTEST SHE HAD EVER KNOWK."
Although awed by the grandeur and sub
limity of the scene, every once in a while
they would have to give vent to a peal of
laughter, as they thought of the funny
little Mrs. Mouse, who, in mamma's hat,
did build her tiny house.
DONALD SERIES JNO. XII.
For Tiny Boys.
Donald lived in a country town where
he had beautiful grounds in which t^> play.
He had so much fun digging worms for
his chickens, pulling up weeds in his little
garden, picking violets for his mother,
and oh, lots of other things.
He had some rabbits in a hutch which
were a constant source of pleasure and of
trouble too, when he foigot to feed them.
Then there was Paul Pry, the pussy, and
Rags, the doggy. Donald and these two
passed many a merry hour in racing up
and down the broad carriage way or in
lying on the soft grass under the leafy fig
trees.
But there came a day when the whole
family moved to a big city, into a flat
without any yard at all, and what a mis
erable little Donald lived in that flat.
By and by he commenced to droop and
get pale, then the doctor said he must go
out on the sidewalk and play with the
other little boys. So pretty soon there
was again a hungry, bright, happy-faced
urchin in the house, full of funny stories
about Robbie and Joey, Willie and dear
little black-eyed Georgia, and all the rest
of the fellows he played with.
Alas! alas! After a year of so many
playmates and so much fun, Donald's napa
moved to a house with a large yard, and
the poor young chap has no one to play
with only just "Rags."
He thinks he has a hard time, and says:
"I think my folks act rather queer about
me. When I was used to large grounds,
they moved to a house without any yard
at all. Then when I enjoyed playing on
the sidewalk so much, and had such lots
of fun with my friends, ana could knock
out all the saucy kids, they moved again
to a house with a yard where I have to
play all alone.
"It's a pity of a feller anyhow."
Stories for Little Folks.
"Uncle Jerry's Platform," and other
stories, by Gillie Carev, make up a pretty
little volume for children. "Uncle Jerry's
Platform" is a plantation story, told in
iieirro dialect. Jerry has witnessed the
dread effects of intemperance in his mas
ter's household, and signalizes his enfran
chisement by declaring for the "dry j
ticket." The other contents are "Pop,"
the tale of a colored boy's noble lile
sacrifice, and "A Daughter of the Revolu
tion," a story of love and valor in Vir
ginia during the eventful year of 1781.
The book would make an excellent holi
da3' or birthday pift for a young boy or
cirl. [Boston: Arena Publishing Com
pany.]
The Kock-a-By Lady.
The nock-a-By Lady from Hushaby street
Comes stealing: come* creei-ins:
Thp poppies they han» from her head to her feet,
Aiid each hath a dream that is tiny and fleet—
She bringetb her popptea to you, my sweet,
When she tiudeth you sleeping!
There is one little dream of a beautiful drum—
"Kiib-a-diih!" it goeth;
There i.s one little dream of a big sugar-plum,
And lo ! thick and fast the qthtr dreams come
Of popguns that bang and tin tops that hum,
And a trumpet that bloweth !
And dollies peep out of those wee little dreams
With laughter and singing;
And boats go a-floating on silvery streams,
And the stars peek-a-boo with "their own misty
gleams,
And up, up and up, where the Mother Moon beams,
The fairies go winging!
Would you dream all these dreams that are tiny
and fle-'t?
They'll come to you s eeplng;
So shut the two eyes that are weary, my sweet,
For the Kock-a-By Lady from Hushaby street,
With popples that liana iroui her head to her feet.
Comes stealing; comes creeping.
Kuuk.ne Field, Live Songs of Childhood. |
• Bright Saying*.
The other nicrning Donald was told to
button his shoes. After thinking for a
little he answered: "Mamma, it does not
agree with my system to button shoes."
A little boy about '1 years old was play
ing beside his papa in the sitting-room
while his mamma was engaged in some
household duty upstairs. Suddenly the
little hoy left his papa's side, and, going to
the foot of the stairs in the hall, called
"Papa, papa."
"What's the matter, little man? here's
papa," answered his father from the sit
! ting-room.
But the baby boy paid no attention and
kept on calling up the stairs. Finally, be
coming angry at his papa's answering each
call, he rushed to his side and, stamp
in;.- his Jittle foot, exclaimed, "I'm not
calling you; I'm calling Mrs. Papa."
Question-Box.
Here are some questions in history which
1 should like some bright girl or boy to
answer:
What three celebrated men having much
i to do with the history of our Union were
1 born in January?
What important event in the history of
California occurred in January?
What is the name of January's morning
star?
What is the name of January's evening
st;ir?
On what day in January is Mercury the
brightest?
The month of January received its name
! from the Roman mythological god, Janus,
i who was believed by the Romans to be the
I porter of heaven and the opener of the
year. Because every door looks in two
I directions Janus was supposed to have two
i heads.
=====
GREAT BRITAIN ON THE LAKES.
The Agreement Faithfully Kept by the
United States.
Seventy-eight years ago this country and
Great Britain made an agreement limiting
the naval force each of them should main
tain in the great lakes. That agreement,
which has been kept faithfully by the
United States, has been violated grossly in
spirit by the Dominion authorities.
For instance, Canada has tbree vessels
| which are actually gunboats, but which
i nominally belong to the Canadian Fish
Commission, and in times of peace are used
to overhaul American vessels suspected of
lishinc in Canadian waters. They are steel
vessels with ram bows, and are equipped
witli modern six-pounder high-power i;uns.
These vessels, which have crews drilled
in the use of guns, are much of the time
in Georgian Bay. They are kept there so
that in the event of hostilities they could
command Lakes Huron, Michigan and
Superior without having to pass any fort
which might be constructed on the Detroit
River.
If war were to break out these naval
vessels would be in Lake Michigan within
forty-eight hours, and would proceed to
shell or put to ransom every city on it.
These ships have guns which can throw
shells three or four miles. Chicago has no
guns. The city would be given the option
of being burned down and having the
water cribs destroyed or of paying a ran
som of thirty or forty millions. The citi
zens would choose the latter, and thus
help the Canadians defray their military
expenses. For a long time, . too,
the Dominion Government has made
arrangements for the conversion of the
large fleet of Canadian iron and steel
steam freight boats into war vessels. They
are constructed with portholes and made
with decks strong enouuh to bear the
weight of gun platforms and guns. These
platforms and guns are all in readiness,
and it would take a very short time to put
these propellers in readiness to make raids
on American pons. The Canadians have
accumulated great quantities of ammu
nition and guns, and have men who are
skilled in the use of the latter.
All this has been going on for years and
this (Jovernment has been apathetic and
hopelessly remiss. The result is that the
lake coasts and cities are utterly defense
less, while the Canadian ones are safe.
There must be a sudden change of policy.
Congress must appropriate at once for
guns, which must be stored at convenient
points. It must build "rishboats" to look
after Canadian poachers. American pro
pellers must be modified and strengthened
so that they can be used for offensive arid
defensive puxpoges.^-Cbicago Tribune,
DAVID STARR JORDAN'S MISSING LINK
Dr. David Starr Jordan of Stanford Uni
versity has been varying his scientihc
studies of the origin of species lately by
experiments with monkeys with a view to
shedding light upon the problem of the
missing link. He has several pets of the
monkey tribe and among them is one
which, by reason of its display . of intelli
cence, has become his especial favorite.
The doctor has also a large St. Bernard
dog, which he keeps about his home. The
monkey and the dog get on well together
and hence Dr. Jordan often ties his pets
together in order that the former may be
protected and not get lost. The St. Ber
nard has one pleasure which he greatly
THE MONKEY ON HIS WAY TO THE STATION.
enjoys and that is to follow the family car
riage to the railway station.
"Well, last Sunday alternoon the coach
man started off with the carriage to the
station. The two pets were tied together
as usual, but the dog, in his eagerness to
follow, forgot the fact and bounded after
the carriage, dragging the poor monkey
behind him down the dusty road at a rate
of speed which threw him "off his feet and
rolled him over and over in the dust io the
most ridiculous way. At last one of the
students saw the monkey's plight and,
stopping the dog, ran off for Dr. Jordan
and brought him to the scene. Up to this
time the genial doctor and the monkey
had been on the best of terms, but now
the bedraggled ape regarded him as the
author ot his misfortunes, and would
not look at him, or follow him,
or allow himself to be taken
home. Dr. Jordan was nonplused to know
what to do with his monkey, until one of
THE MONKEY ON UIS WAY HOME.
the college boys happened along on his
bicycle, and seeing the doctor's dilemma,
offered to let the monkey ride home on
his wheel. As soon as the monkey was '
made to comprehend the idea of a bicycle '
ride he became mollified at once and |
perched upon the seat, where he sat in j
great state and hiirh glee while the doctor ;
and the student, wheeled him home.
Dr. Jordan is said to be of the opinion i
from the incident that a valuable contri- •
bution has been added to the cause of
science, and that the problem of the miss- j
ing link has been advanced several stages
toward solution.
THE AntlCAff PAREOT.
Some Idiosyncrasies of a Favorite
Bird.
Our parrot was the present of a kind
friend in the summer of 1877, having been
brought from Africa only a few months
previously. Her plumage is the same in
color as were her predecessors. She was,
when she first came, evidently a young
bird, and has grown since we have had her.
In spite of her eighteen years there is no
si<;n of age about her; she sings, dances,
climbs and whistles with all the vigor of
youth, and thousrh perhaps smaller in j-ize
than the other two birds, is quite as noisy
In many ways she is, however, different
from them, being, lor instance, much more
shy in the presence of strangers, before
whom .she will very rarely talk at all, and
is more curious in her habits, taking great
fancies to some people and decided dislikes
to others.
She has an unpleasant habit of scrae
timea wishing visitors good-by when she
does not approve of them. She also, if
she cannot get what she wants, gives
angry whacks and double knocks upon the
tin floor of her cage. Nothing appears to
delight her more than mischief. She posi
tively revels in it, and to get hold of any
thing she ought not to have is unmixed
joy. Evidently the bird has been at some
time very cruelly treated. For many
months she was territied at the sight of a
man or boy, and for years a brocmstick
was an object of horror* to her. Since get
ting over this fear she hassliown a decided
liking for the sweep and the coalman, and
the hitter has left the house with the bird
wishing him pleasantly good-by and af
fectionately requesting him to "kiss her,
which gives rise to the question whether
she may have had in her African past a
kind negro friend. Any one who has ever
had opportunities of studying the parrot
tribe must have been struck with their
extraordinary gift of memory, so long ago
observed by Plutarch.— Chambers' Journal.
A Great Possum Hunter Dead.
Steven Ross, the greatest possum hunter
in Ohio, was buried in Massillon on Friday
afternoon, after Having lived to the age of
108 years. He was freed from slavery in
Virginia and went to Ohio before the war.
His ghost stories were celebrated, and ha
trotted* half of gro.wn-up Massiliion upon
his knee. He had a formula for cooking
possum, an important feature of which
was the mystic gibberish he uttered over
the boiling mas«, that was almost as
famous as his talent for spectral stories.
Though penniless and childless, he will b«
sincerely mourned. — Chicago Times-
Herald.
May Be It's True.
The Grand Duke Alexis was at Kiel. He
is a full Knssiaft admiral now, and the
head of the Russian navy. He was a fre
quent visitor to the Americans, and, like
all other notables, talked with the utmost
frankness to our officers.
One day, watching the Columbia as she
rode tiie waves as lightly and with the
easy gniee of a blue-wing teal, the Grand
Duke said to a captain: "I'm L r ia<i you
Americans are rebuilding your fleet. Do
you know what most impressed me when
I visited your country? Let me tell you.
The iirst thing was your wonderful Na
tional wealth ; the second, the absolutely
inadequate means at your disposal for
National defense. You were like a
drunken man with pockets full of money
and two or three hungry ruffians on the
dark side of the street waiting a chance to
attack him."
"Why. <io you mean to say — " began the
somewhat startled captain, when the
Russian put his hand on the other arm
and said : "Twice in my career i have
heard the project of capturing one or two
of your great cities ami holding them for
ransom deliberately discussed by officers
of European fleets whose countries had
hard work to make both ends meet.
And they meant it, too. I once made
a sensation when, after listening to a con
versation of this kind, in which the officers
of four different fleets took part, I said;
'Gentlemen, the United States and Russia
are friends. Should she be unjustly at
tacked Russia would help to see that the
wrong was righted. 1 Ah, 1 can't tell you
where or wtio it was. Come over to "the
Kurik (the Rnsafaii flagship) and have a
glass or wine." — Washington Post.
An expert bricklayer in Berlin earns sn
average of $_'■">:; per annum.
NEW TO-DAY.
IF YOU ACHE OR GET HURT
TRY THE
WONDERFUL NEW REMEDY
THAT RELIEVES
AND CURES SO QUICKLY,
Matchless IV 1. Prevents
for Discoloration
Sore' Throats. A or -
Head Colds. l\ Blood
Burn ' Poisoning.
Burns, y-^
Piles, 8 In
and •■ V- * Bottles,
all w at
other . I 25c. 50c
forms A- •.. and $1.00.
of s~* At
Inflammation, \^j Druggists.
Be Sure and Read the Directions on the Bottle
; Fill a small teacup with Lotion; when
half evaporated cover and keep for
KXTKKNAL USE. When dry add
Lotion to cover the sediment, and use
for Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Sprains, all .
pains, and ; bclatlc or Aathmatio
troubles.C 0 "wnrwmwmYWooooo<x><><><KK><KK>o<>o<><^^
I A Great Business Center—- — . i
Eg THE SALE OFTHE CENTURY. | AflKf <y Rl/\^lrC! iP^^X S
3c $ It .is no misnomer to characterize the 6 V/I 1 I V "4 I Jll S&^t IV fo% I^K~~^lr\^ 2$ 3u
2g 9 coining auction of business lots on Market, 9 Q^F "^"^ *■ / 3C
000 $ ss^ on an d Valencia streets, as the "most O ■ , / j^\ V oflo
3U X important salo of centrally located real $ >m iA , -—•■»■«--« /3 V-^J »0°
oAo 6 estate ever held in San Francisco." Unless 2 ? ~- S~ ■ — m^ 9 A i ' M* jcs*-ai*^ oo°
oAo 6it be the auction of the City Hall lot? that X B"^ t^M* HlTl H il iP A |fl7 H~i R mSVr^vmMS^^^> °xf
1 1 a itHH ! * ruin tiic K^ity nd.il fl^^*v^
|fe 9 has never been offered here at public yen- ? /\ .^-^ . V" ' m*£3£aisk> /// == =^ ©0°
ojo 0 due so much of valuable unimproved busi- X • Bill** f ¥#*^^QV' ' ' ■ £$$&&?%? -- //S /<^^"VV\ s>o
cJU X ness property. The Ryer estate sale X \J U 1 Vjl I VuL V (IPMwK"^'/^ "^^^—-^^./JJi He
oAo 6 which was compulsory, and took place ur>- A mrnn xt*. / l//illVilr*»-^ ////^ :::::^^^ :^> So
o^o 6 dcr an order of the court, alone approaches o ■ ■ Mvr Tit So
°?° 9 the coming event-. During many vpir* O A A • /"^ II .# \^^ I IVf /^»/-v »* w~» a »Tr\ iKTirnrtmiir^TTt J ***^^S" lit*/ Yiw /^^//y^ :^--'^^~^Zll^-^' 3S
go ? Jlj^acjficlmprovementCoinSn/nn'dS ? AtlCtlOn SaiG ' INCOME AND INVESTMENT JLjl JWtf/y^S^^ ) *
35 X the skillful direction of Messrs. Stanford, $ nWVLI\/ll *^tIIV ''S^ yJE^^^few^%?^^^^^sl^ 2S
$ I rocker a».d Jluntington, acquired much § ' LU IZS >V i^^^K©fc^/7/ N>~^; <>^
5G 0 valuable and admirably Located propenv. X x V II IRD HCI r\ " /^' * M M WWhtt¥^tf&&^ "^^^^ 3g
o^o 6 The time has now come when some of this 0 WILL tSfc HfcLL) • FrnntiiKr nn MirM <;tfP^ *tt^ SS
00 0 real estate been found unnecessary for the $ - rrOnilng On iTiarKet street — 'l££p*#r Tiil^^^^-^ 3S
90 9 present needs of the corporation *On Jan- 9 p-r*« •* r- *• --^ \r i :^V - r^-^rP^gJ^^ ?^y=7 ::^^ =::::=::==^T\ 0?
1 1 SoS much of these holdings will be I Th a « rsday, onting on Valencia Street -^r^f^^^^^^W^^i — zr::::=^vv —_y. 1
ij | Jisposed of at auction by Baldwin & Ham- X I 1 1 14 1 dvld. V • Fronting on Twelfth Street . y^y^%^^^^t\ [•fjS^t^^ II
H «S»^sSen:£SE^ Fronting on Twelfth Street . (OM%mSm Wm^i^^S^ I!
$ I :;;S:; S;SiSS,S ,fe n fi I January 23d Fronting on Mission Street . -. S A
O X gradually coming nearer r.nd closer to this X v C M x. 04 . _. , ' ///b^*-^-^ rwSt3===l~s!§Qfl **' -- ** V
X X location, and its value '. erefore will be o iTHK WPP^ fronting OH StevenSOn Street y-^//,' V V"" V O
V 6 greatly enhanced in the course of time. 5 11111I 1111 VYEcIVJ, , ■ ■ f »*»" (1 ■■■ ■ , — _ / ; - ' <^^<U GzfzZ&ffi-g^^g *** <" I
a 6 it is not too much to say that it will soon $ ._ Frontinc: on Brady Street. to^""^ -jsZttffi==^^§^ •* 0
s|« 25Wrsnsasx% i At 12 oclock Noon - Title Insurance S *y omet. S^ /^Pf7~lP^~'- ■ 9
■$ § p^C^^S.Sf£SaSi;{i At Our Salesroom, £SH!"w*J! » BUSINESS and FACTORY LOTS /fill \\^S. *^ X
JL n here which cannot be duplicated in years A • purchasers by the "* •*^ <» / // // / f^ A \- ::::: J^^^ ' 6
5 I S^.^^JS^^SSSf'SJ I 10 Montgomery St. California Title m- Fronting on Valencia Street //A'/* s? '/ 'msSTXtS^ 9
6 1 SSS^lSt'S^SaSS'iSffa^ I . surance and Trust Fronting on Fifteenth Street L M IWI \l» 9
jl X teenth streets and rive lots on Waller street, X Company at SPE- C««*.4.: aiu* a Iffl fH N»>s1 == 1 \Wv*l\v^l\\\ 6
O X adjacent to Golden Gate Park.— Wave, 6 riAi datpc fronting Oil AlOlOn Aveniie. iMI /kV -^5, W~~ Z= =l~: -==^\\^^V^Pl JL
Q g Ja »- 19 ' 5 Get a Catalogue and secure a lot UALKAIti>t ■ . VU^-l Ir^ 11^ ll 1^^^^^ 9
JL qoqo<xx>o<><x>oooo<>qooo<>o<>o<><x><k>6 that yields a ground rental. C HOMP I HTQ \Jt^\[^\ -~-~~~~ |lr^/^- 1 :=::^^1~ :::::^1^\k\ V
6 _^— vssl^ „ ,),„ ~,,,. STREET .---—: Fronting on Waller, nr. Stanyan (bJ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^tfsl $
I -^^Cl 1 HP"! ' * QRAND m - w - corner
M v^'^llilfVNi ink JP^*"^ CTFV/PMSOM o-t- •« I " ~ i I— "'1 *~~~ l =====syjJ^tliW^ll£ O
%% "M W^hMh ■ \ Q»t:V£NSON ST 5 — . ■ oo
? 'V '■■ MARKET ST RRCO, t. " ' 3 \\ : \C I"" "1 "^1 Pi 9 1 °P
"V^iil^ *■ " ■**mM'W g Thursday ,1 1 LL-i—^ —^— Ua -ff Mil 1
mission ' sjb£ET ~~ BALDWIN & HAMMOND, T '^^i'J'ir I" " l ; '- ; S
>=» Maps of Property Owned By Pacific Improvement Company to Be Sold at Auction January 23. Auctioneers jr
r??ygTrg?yyy twmW^<jooo<)o<><>o<><>o<KK><HK><K^ a Q Q 5 „ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0)
ALAMEDA'S CANAL
RIGHT OF WAY
Litigation That Can Be
Made to Delay Fur
ther Dredging.
COHEN ESTATE CLAIMS.
Declaration That Land Con
demned Twenty Years Ago
Was Not Paid For.
THE RAILROAD POSSESSIONS.
A Freight Yard That the Govern
ment Dredger Would Have to
Cut Through.
An obstacle in the way of the Alameda
tidal canal's completion will be the litiga
tion that is sure to result when the pres
ent means of railroad delay are exhausted.
When Congress finally makes the ap
propriation that is needed for the work,
and when the Government engineers con
clude that harbor improvements more sat
isfactory to the railroad do not require all
the money appropriated, the canal project
will be taken from its place on the map
and will be transferred to the courts.
The Southern Pacific Company has a
right of way across the land just to the
THE ALAMEDA CANAL AT THE POINT JUST BELOW THE LAND-LOCKED DRAWBRIDGE
[Sketched by a" Call staff artist. ]
eastward of the present extremity of the
canal and has established a sort of freight
yard tnere. That can be made the suDject
of litigation for years, perhaps, when the
railroad company cannot prevent the open
ing of the waterway, and there is cer
tainty of a prolonged court contest arising
from another source.
Twenty years ago the right of way for
the tidal canal was established. A "strip
of land belonging to the Cohen Tract was
condemned for the purpose, the Govern
ment paying about $2700 for it. This strip
has not yet been cut away.
The money for the land was paid by the
Government to the court, as is stated, and
was then turned over to the Alameda
County Clerk. It was handed down from
one County Clerk to another until about
ten years ago, when it disappeared. No
demand for the money was ever made by
the Cohens, and the actual payment for
the right of way was never made.
Thai is the story, at any rate, according
to the statements made by men prom
inently interested in the matter, though
the complication is something that may
long trouble the courts.
An appeal by the Cohens concerning the
right of way has long been pending in the
courts, if not stricken from the docket
years ago. The matter has been ignored by
the Federal officials.
One point in the appeal is that the land
was condemned as the property of A. A.
Cohen, while in reality the title was held
by Emily G. Cohen, Mr. Cohen's wife.
It is the general understanding among
the people across the bay that the lack of
Federal appropriations has been the only
cause of delay in the canal construction;
but immense amounts of money have
been used in the work of improving Oak
land harbor, and only a small proportion
of the recent appropriations would have
been required to do the dredging.
All the improvements during the late
years have been in other portions of the
harbor, and, as has been already shown,
the work has been greatly to the advantage
of the Southern Pacific Company without
greatly improving the conditions of the
harbor for general navigation. Much of
the dredging done has given the railroad
company an opportunity to build up land
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896.
in places where it controlled the frontage,
as well as to make a solid roadway along
the entire line of the narrow-gauge trestle.
The company has obtained large tracts
of land along the line of the canal, and it
is expected that when other moans of de
lay are exhausted a direct fight in the
courts will be made.
The Cohen dispute has been allowed by
the Federal officials to remain unsettled,
and if the Government officials ever get
ready to resume the dredging operations
they will be stopped by injunction, and
the slow legal process will have to be taken
uj> anew.
Oakland and Alameda want the canal,
for both commercial and sanitary protec
tion. Candidates for Congress boom the
project, and the appropriations they get
for "harbor appropriations" after election
are used where they will do the most
good— to the railroad. Health officers
urge the value of a free and open water
way, but nobody in authority pays any at
tention to them.
Engineers declare that money is being
wasted in dredging out portions of Oak
land's harbor when there is no means of
keeping the harbor scoured out so that it
will not fill up again. They say that the
first thine for the Government to do is to
open the canal, but they also say that the
railroad company has the power to keep
that work from being done for many a
year to come.
THE PEDDLER'S CALLING.
It« Antiquity and Universality Has
Been Obncured.
The antiquity and universality of the
peddler's calling has been obscured by a
name given him in days when that calling
had lost much of its importance, a name
whose etymology, though still uncertain
unduly specifies or belittles it. Modern
philology dismisses with a smile Johnson's
explanation of a contraction from "petty
dealers," or the more picturesque deriva
tion from pied pouldrenx, and observes
that the word came probably with Danes
or Norsemen into England, and has its
origin in the ped or panier in which fish
were brought to market in Norfolk, while
the peddir(peddler) of Lowland Scotch is
equally of Scandinavian origin. Peddar
I (spelled peoddare) is found in the general
J sense uf a small hawker in the Ancren
Riwle, that is. before 1237; and peddler, or
pedlar, is probably formed from peddle, an
i unrecorded diminutive of ped.
But the point to observe is that all these
derivations, right or wronp, either unduly
narrow his calling or emphasize its hard
ship and insignificance. He is dowered
I with a name that unfairly depreciates him
I at the outset.
Nor has the historian been more kind to
him; as historian, indeed, it was generally
| out of his power. History has not been
slow to recognize the importance of trade
in the development of nations, and to
; show how the peaceful operations of com
j merce are often the precursors of military
conquest or at least of political dominion.
But history does not go back far enough.
When the historian speaks of trade he
i conceives it on a large scale, as an affair of
j ships and caravans, and neglects its hum
ble origin in the periodic fair and the itin
erant peddler. — Macmillan's Magazine.
HOTEL AEEIVALS,
I RUSS HOUSE.
J? Clark, Berkeley J Hawkins, Oakland
C A Webber, Visalla A F Eddy. Ashland, Or
KB James & wf, Illinois R G Watson. Albany. Or
; .- Matthews, Salinas II Sterling, Davis
J Tongul, Guadala M Fray <fc wf. Arizona
£. L Sanforti, Arizona J H Heal. Pleasanton
°. Y. ii°f nell> .. 1> 8s Co D V Garvln &w, Vaoavl
X B Helton it w, Detroit S L Jones, Salem, Or
J P Harrington, Idaho T P Wood, Jamestown
W 8 Laud. Benson, Ariz Mrs Wood, Jamestown
A Van Homer. Si i,ou,s B 8 Little, Eureka
J D Corley.w A c, Seattle H B Tiinuan, Coltisa
XI. Chorlton, Kansas A A Silver, fen Ls Oblspo
«. 8 Merchant, Healdsbg \V Hanlon, Antioch
G H Seaman. Antioch Frank Berry, Antioch
Steward, Omaha UK Truitt, Healdsburg
JI) Putnam, Los Ang M Cameron, Ventura
Senior Bray, Nev 31 H Creighton. Nev
vi,, Hop ! ins, llollister ° B .\asb, Redding
Phil Kline, Redding H A Moser. Redding
RE de Graw, San Jose Frank X Mayon, Sacto
J E Jones Jr, Bishop G Baird &w, Chicago
H Clay <fe w, Modesto J Nolan, Anaconda
0 i 1 timer, Birmlnghm Henry Maioney. Butte
J.I fit HOUSK.
1 H Carpenter, Attleboro W E Smith, Menlo Park
X \v Menzio, San Rafael H Eickpoff, San Rafael
E M Sweeny, San Jose G Wilson. San Jose
Fschnieder.College. Park H E shaver. Eureka
Cll Jordan, Pasadena J B Kirkiand, Portland
<• A Norse, Fresno J F Wilson, Montague
M Taylor, San Jose Mrs Griswold, Cal
A (amlnettl, Jackson A Longstreet, (;hica?o
W E Smith, Menlo Park lie Vrles Van Doesburgh
Mrs A Jones, Monterey St Helena
Miss A Jones, Monterey M Bates, Nevada City
Mrs J Louttit, Stockton Miss L SchillinK.Stockton
C W Strohl, ?■ apa J King & wf, San Jose
W Bimerfield&wf, Cal Dr P § Clark Cal
?1? wL laon V CaI . A Sa 'a'Jury, Santa Paula
J X Wheat & wf, Texa« X Carle, Sacramento
Q H (ieorge, Astoria Mrs L M Sisson. Suisun
JKittlewell&fam.Cal Mrs J Johnson, St Helena
BP. Johnson, San Jose S Garden, San Jose
Jas rankel, Louis T Richardson, St. Louis
GRAND HOTEL. r
1 ? ?wi ce ' Los An B, eles A S Macdonald, Oakland
G S Wheaton, Oakland- A P Hayne, Berkeley
4 A Crosman. Mass C W Nicklin, L AnßeJes
F l \ a , r . ker ' nu Cruz F Havens &w, Oakland
«• H A V U? on ' Cai Miss Wisher, Arizona
Miss O Fisher, Arizona W F Uoke, Cal
AM Cox, Cal w Marks. Ukiah
G W Alexander, S Jose Jlt Carroll, Mt View
H Long & w, Vallejo Mrs Hayes San Jose
A It Baxter, >, V H Malloch, Marvsvllle
m P Brown, Mass II A Fairbank, Sacto
ma Repjojrle, Akron, O J F Schwilk Aw, Sacto
Msb Cora Kand, Oaklnd W D Tlletson «fe fam.
Miss Pauline Sanders, Tacoma
Georgetown N M CL Fisher, Stockton
£ « ? o1 aD i' CaX c F Ecklon, Cal
G O Ix>cke & w, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
H B Taylor. Oakland F. X Folsrer Oakland
N A McGnlly. XI S N FT DwylJ' Sacramento
F Bntler, San Jose F H Buck f V«cavi??e
Mrs Buck. Vacaville L R Drake Kami, rin I
J R Mcßride, Spokane • Alonzo Murphy Spokane
A JlanhDimer, NY D F Sherman, -PwtlaSd
1 1 {as •kvsisFkt lß"°°
0 V Phillip, Bel mont -N B l'hUi?Si Belmont -
W II MeCord &w, N V C TWii ,*wNY '
W C Wyman, Chicago WE Banholemew V
D W Slmson, Chicago H W Dat NY
J A Lombach, Chicago XV F Meliic'k' Idaho
H E Owen, Butte C R Gilbert ButTi
Mrs DHTwaits, Bait «»°ert, iJutie
NEW WESTERN HOTEI,.
Geo Corthay, St Helena George Cterfc St Helena
GWhltemore.Cam bridge A Fleming S-o6k ton
P H I ? H« e M^ Ptr URP « Ed * KoSe«o n wn
P H Rittl, Magalia Wm Johnson, sacramnto
B L Young, Denver W Wood, CincinnaU
P J Mogau, Petaluma Henry iiart, Portland
BALDWIN HOTEL.
JBRowe, NY L A Pellet, St Helena
C H Herman, Los An S D Henderson &w or
W L Reed, Stockton C Frankenthal NY
Mrs A J McLeod, S Jose E Ryan. V 8 N
WILL SELL RAW BORAX
"King" Frank M. Smith Decides
Not to Build a Refinery
in England.
CAPITALISTS ALL FIGHT SHY.
Attorney Chickering Talks of a Com
bine to Control the World's
Raw Product.
William H. Checkering, attorney for
Frank M. Smith, the "Borax King," re
turned from Europe yesterday, where he
has been during the past four months
looking after the interests of his client.
The attorney went abroad last Septem
ber with the intention, as understood at
that time, of forming an English stock
company to handle the California product.
The "Borax King" had an idea that he
could break tho gigantic trust in London
if one or two large refineries were estab
lished on the island, bo his legal adviser
was sent ahead to pave the way.
English capital did not take kindly to
the proposition, but offered to purchase
such quantities of raw borax as would ad
mit of a handsome profit to the producer.
TV. H. Chickering.
Mr. Smith was perforce satisfied with the
arrangement, and, according to his attor
ney, it is greatly to his advantage to sell
the raw material.
"For months," said Mr. Chickering yes
terday, "Mr. Smith has had in contempla
tion the organization of an English com
pany to handle the raw material as
shipped from this State. It was intended
to build one big refinery near Liverpool
This would have enabled him to dispose
of the refined article throughout Europe
"In company with Mr. Smith I made a
thorough investigation of the borax market
in Europe, and became satisfied that it
would be better to sell the raw material if
purchasers at good prices could be ob
tained. This was an easy matter Mr
Smith securing contracts for 6COO tons to
be delivered during the current year
W hat he will do in the future in the matter
of forming a stock company is something I
am not at liberty to upeak about. Of
course, he is not seeking to break the
trust, but simply wants a new market for
the refined article.
"The Pacitic Coast Borax Company has
made satisfactory rates on ail the raw
material for which they rind a European
market. There is some talk of pooling the
borax output of the world, and if this can
be done, the producers will be practically
masters of the situation. "We expect the
scheme to be consummated within a few
weeks.
''There is absolutely no truth in the
statement that Mr. Smith's trip to Eng
land has any connection whatever with
his railroad enterprises. His visit was
solely in the interest of the borax industry,
and I can state positively that railroads
were not even mentioned to those with
whom he had business.
''Mr. Smith is now touring France. He
has not sold any borax stocks, and 6O far
as I know has no intention of doing so."
HILL AS AN OEATOE.
An Occasion When the New York Sena*
tor Was Aroused.
The New York Senator is said to be a
cold man, with no passion. He does not
chew, nor smoke, nor drink, nor has he
ever developed any liking for cards.
Theorists are fond of propounding it as a
maxim that a man with a bloodless face,
like Hill's, can never be aroused to enthus
iasm. Those who saw him on Friday know
better. He was a picture of the fiery ora
tor and the aroused iion at once. He ges
ticulated, perspired, and thundered. He
paced this way and that, to and fro, with
every nerve strained and his voice pitched
to its highest key. He is not fluently given
in the way of speech. Words do not come
to him with the rapidity of thought, to be
poured out in a torrent of fiery lava, as
Mr. Mills does it. He does not utter his
sarcasms with a rigid face as Mr. Vest is in
the habit of doing. He resembles a bub
bling caldron which burns the fingers of
any one who touches it. He is relentless in
his bitterness. The more he is stirred the
hotter he grows.
His sentences are often pressed out by
BORAX KING SMITH.
I main strength. Words vrill not come fast
I enough, or they are not strong enough,
I and then he nets out his meaning. He
I forma his hands into claws and squeezes
i his elbows into his sides, leaning far for-
I ward, with an expression on his pale face
of bitterness or hate. Sometimes his pos
turing expresses triumph, sometimes the
mockery of humility; again he metamor
phoses himself into a panther ready to
pounce upon and tear to pieces a proposi
tion. As often he is the incarnation of a
sneer. The most dangerous man on the
i Democratic side, because of his fearless
j ness and unscrupulous disregard of Sen
; ate ethics, the Republicans stand in awe
i of him as of no other man on his side. He
! is the match of any one on the floor in wit
or sarcasm ; he has sounded to the depth
every proposition on which he speaks; he
is a thorough master of his subject, and he
is altogether the most dangerous man in
the Senate when aroused. — Washington
x OSl*
The Managers.
Managers are an ill-used race; they have
a bad name which they do not always de
serve. Considering all things, it la small
wonder that their tempers are occasionally
short; the wonder rather is that they are
as good fellows as they are. I remember,
in my salad days, asking an actress of
some experience what sort of folk man
agers were to deal with. "My dear," she
said, impressively, "they're angels if
you're making money for them, and
they're the very devil if you aren't." How
ever this may be, they certainly are not, as
is so often represented, impervious to or
jealous of rising talent. Like the equally
maligned race of publishers and editors,
they are quite awake to the value of a good
thing when they find it. So many people
dabble with the stage now-a-days, with'no
intention of taking it up eeriously, that no
wonder managers are apt to be skeptical of
genius in the bud.—Macmiilac's Maga
zine.
It is claimed that a man standing at
one end of the Grand Canyon of the Colo
rado shouted the name "Bob," which was
distinctly audible at the further end a
distance of eighteen miles.
2526
Novelties IN THE Realms OF SCIENCE
LITERATURE
AND ART.
NA.VIG ABLE balloons operated by
electrical motors are a success
iand in the time of emergency
would become vastly more so,
says a writer in the Fittsnurg
Dispatch. As far back as ISB4 two French
army officers showed what could be done
in this respect, steering a big balloon
around freely and making five and a half
miles in twenty-three minutes. Such bal
loons as this could be admirably operated
and could drop explosives or suffocating
icais at will upon any ship. Recent
trials in Austria have shown that it is well
nigh if not altogether Impossible to train
guns up into the air and hit a balloon,
even if it be "stationary." Balloons
steered around by electric motor can go
out boldly to sea and a* freely regain the
Bhore. Half a dozen of them would be
worth untold millions, but the very finest
could be had for $100,000 apiece, fully
ped.
Trolley fort? are a feature worthy of con
sideration to coast defense. It is not new
TIIF. TROLLEY FORT IN OPERATION.
to ironclad a locomotive and car, and run i
them over a track, but it would be new to
adapt the liirht a;:d simple trolk-y to a sys
tem of movable patrol forts, each covering '
miles of coast, and each equipped
with as heavy a gun as could be mounted
on a big trirk of broad gauge. Dynamite
shells can from such a trolley fort
at any point along twenty miles of i
the v i- j 1.-eing located midway.
Ail the machinery for tiring dirigible tor- .
es could also be handled comfortably
on such a trolley fort. The recoil even of
rtillery is easily provided for. If the
road were shorter very weighty pieces of
on I . nance could be rucvi-d tbus up and
li-'wn a mile or two of earthworks or ma-
Bonry.
KUHBKB OF WORDS IX USE.
Those in General Use Are Few, but Some
Men Command Many Thousands.
It is generally recognized that the num
ber of words which we commonly use in
our daily lives is comparatively small, per
haps not more than 2000 or 3000 words,
but instances of individuals who are ac
quainted with and can use larger vocabu
laries are not unusual. Some stenographers
have declared that they have memorized
and have instant use of as many as 5000 or
word signs, while others in special
work or research have acquired larger vo
cabularies.
Dr. Eugene Murray-Aaron, in his enter
taining "Butterfly Hunters," has brought
together an interesting collection of facts
in this regard. The volume is not one
that takes particular note of language,
but ia one of adventure in the Antilles.
The doctor, who has charge of a party of
boy naturalists, gives to them much infor
mation on a very wide range of topics, in
formation which will, much of it, be new
to the old as well as young.
"It has been estimated," says the doc
tor, in instructing the boys, "that Victor
Hugo remembered and used accurately
over 8000 worda in his ordinary work as a
writer; Cnvier, the French naturalist, and
Louis A.gassiz, the Swiss zoologist, could
promptly give the names, according to
careful estimates, of over 5000 animals, in
addition to the ordinary words they knew
perfectly. It has been said of Dr. Asa
(iray, the great botanist of Harvard, that
be knew quite 8000 plants by name and at
Bight.
"But by far the most remarkably trained
memory with which I have had acquaint
ance was that of Dr. Joseph Lefuy, for
many years, and until hi.s death, president
of the Academy of Natural Sciences of
Pniladelphia. Dr. Leidy was not only a
foremost geologist and mammalogist,
having hundreds upon hundreds of the
terms of these sciences upon his tongue's
end, but he was a very good student of
birds, reptiles, fishe3, insects and lesser
thing?, and remarkably ready in rernem
berintr where their different species be
longed in tb? great order of nature.
"Besides this he was an authority on
miscroscopic life, especially minute para
sites, was a fair botanist, one of the lead
ing physicians and anatomists of his time,
and a perfect encyclopedia of geography
and exploration. Add to this a" good
memory for names and faces, and a fa
miliarity with several forei: n languaees,
and you get some idea cf this man's pow
ers in that respect. After a long con
versation with him one day on this sub
ject. I estimated that his memory enabled
him to use 25,000 words at will."
Dr. Murray-Aaron gives the details of
this esiiruate, which allows for English,
geolopital and general science, 3000 words
each; three foreign languages and geo
graphical, U'ooo each; and technical and
n-edical, 5000 each. This estimate does not
peern to be an extravagant one.— Pittsburg
Dispatch.
Decorating a Room,
To make a room appear higher the plane
surface of the ceiling should be decreased
by the moldings of the cornice, by panels,
or, in the absence of these, by bands ol
color performing the .*arae office. A verti
cal system of lines should l>e adopted in
mural decoration, and the mantel hhould
be lover.
To make a room appear lower exactly
the opposite treatment should be adopted ;
that :s, to increase the plane ceiling, adopt
a horizontal system of mural decoration,
with v da io ai)d a bigb uiantd.
To make a room appear wider is accom
plished, to a certain extent, by making it
apt ear lower; but wbere tins is undesir
able, or wbere it is insufficient, the effect
can be reached by adopting a mural dec
oration on a graduated ±ci\e of form, de
creasing upward, so that two or mere pat
terns at tte top like those at the foot are
found to occupy the same space as one at
the foot, and this effect can be much in
creased by a gradation of color upward
from dark to lieht. To make a room ap
pear narrower is accomplished, to a certain
extent, by making it appear higher, but
where this is undesirable or insufficient,
it can be obtained by adopting a strongly
drawn large pattern in strong color for
mural decoration.
To m:ike a room appear longer is to an
extent accomplished by making it appear
lower and narrower, but where this is un
desirable or inefficient the effect may be
obtained by decreasing the scale and
strength of color of the mural decoration
adopted at the ends.
To make a room appear shorter is ac
complished to an extent by making it ap
pear wider and higher, but the effect can
be achieved by increasing the scale and
strength of color of the mural decoration
adopted at the en-is.
Any of those effects can be modified or
increased by the treatment of the floor sur
face, whether by the carpets, the rugs or
painted boards, or by parquetrie floorine ;
lines running across a room, or rugS laid
down at intervals, having the effect of
shortening, and consequently to an extent
of heightening and widening a room.
Lines running in the length increase this
dimension, and to an extent reduce the
height and width. A polished floor in
■s tne apparent height of an apart
ment by reflecting all vertical lines and
prolonging them. — English Mechanic.
GET A FREE RIDK.
A Car In Denver Especially for the Use of
Horses.
Here is a street-car for the accommoda
tion horses which is the very latest thing
in the West. Such a car is now in opera
tion in Denver, and it is pronounced a
great success by all able to give an opinion
on the subject. The iiorses themselves
are durub, but if their judgment could be
had it would no doubt be favorable.
The riding car for the horses consists of
a platform mounted on small wheels, pro
tected at the sides by a sufficiently high
railing, while the front and rear are pro
vided with gates. These permit the horses
to get on and off the car without backing.
"When the regular passenger car has been
drawn to the top of the long ascent, the
horse car is hooked to the forward end, the
horses, are driven aboard, and by a few deft
turns of the brake the descent is made
safely.
At first the horses showed some hesita
tion about embarking on what appeared
to be a perilous adventure. But they soon
became accustomed to it, and an? said to
even enjoy the experience, expressing their
pleasure by broad smiles and prolonged
whinnies. •
There is no reason why this plan should
not be adopted with protit elsewhere.
There are many car lines which run for
almost their entire length on more or less
steep inclines. The additional force re
quired to be exerted in drawing a car up
hill is turned into a propelling force when
the car begins the descent. This force
might well be employed in giving the
horses a ride, and thus saving wear and
tear on their feet.
It might be supposed that the addi- j
tional pull imparted to this human pas
senger-car, when on the down grade, might |
cause the brake to but this is not the j
case. It is only necessary to make the
brake a little more powerful than that on
the ordinary streetcar.
Having arrive; at the foot of the incline,
the gate of the horse passenger-car is un
fastened and the animals once more taKe
their places in the traces, drawing both i
cars behind them up the hill. The entire |
load is not much heavier than a single car |
on a level street, as the car in which the
horses ride is very light.
Story of a Bell.
The old bell of St. John's Episcopal
TUE CARIIOUSES 1 OWN CAR.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1896,
Church, Ellicottville, N. V., has an inter
esting history. It hung originally in a
monastery in Malaga, Spain. The monast
ery was sacked in 1832, and this bell, with
others, was shipped to New York. Nicholas
Devereaux, agent of the Holland Land
Company at Ellicottville, bought it and
sold it to iSt. Jonn's Episcopal Church.
The inscription on it is as follows:
"Abe soi labos del angel qve en alto
svena Maria Gracip plena Bargas
Mefeci Malaga, 1708." The meanins of
tnis was a mystery for a long time, until
Bishop Coxe studied it, and saia it was in
corrupt Spanish, in which b was often
used for v, and which changed many other j
letters. "Thus," he said, "abe" should be
"aye" and "Jabos" should be "la vos."
The inscription put in pure Spanish fol
lows: "Aye (soi la voz del angel qve en
alto svena) Maria, plena gracia." The
English translation he made thus: "Hail
(lam the voice of the angel who on high
stands forth) Mary ! full of grace!" The
last words, of course, mean Bargas made
me, Malaga, 1708." — New York Tribune.
Victor and Vanquished.
I.
Through the crowded streets returning, at the end
of the day,
Hastened one whom all saluted as he sped along
his way;
In his eye a gieam of triumph, in his heart a joy
sincere,
And the voice of shouting thousands still resound
ing in his ear.
Passed he 'neath a stately archway toward the
goal of his desire.
Till he saw a woman's figure lolling idly by the
lire,
"I have won!" he cried, exultant; "I have saved a
cause irom wreck, ■. -
Crushed the rival that 1 dreaded, set my foot upon
his neck!
Now at las the way is open, now at last men call
rue great,
1 am leader of the leaders, I am master in the
State!"
Languidly she turned to listen, and decorous was
her pretense,
And her cold patrician features mirrored forth In
difference :
•■Men are always scheming, striving for some petty
end," said she:
Then, a little yawn suppressing, "What Is all of
this to me?"
11.
Through the shadows of the evening, as they
quenched the sunset glow,
Came the other, faring homeward, with dejected
step and slow,
Wistful, pec-ring through the darkness, till he saw,
a.- oft before,
Where a woman stood impatient at the threshold
of the door.
"I have lost!'! he faltered faintly. "All is over,"
with a groan;
Then he paused and gazed expectant at the face
beside hisown.
Two soft eyes were turned upon him with a
woman's tenderness.
Two white arms were flung about him with a pas
sionate caress.
i And a voice of thrilling music to his mutely ut
tered plea
Said "If only you are with me what is all the rest
to me?"
111.
' All night long the people's leader sat In silence
and alone,
Dull of eye, with brain unthinking, for his heart
was turned to stone;
While the hours passed all unheeded till the hush
of night had < eased
And the hazard light returning flecked the melan
choly east.
tout the other, the defeated, laughed a laugh of
merriment.
And he thrust bis cares behind him with an infinite
content:
Reckin? not of place and power and the smiles of
those above,
For his uarknisj was illumined by the radiance of
love.
Each 'had grasped the gift of fortune, each had
counted up the cost,
And the vanquished was the victor, and the winner
he that lost.
llenky Thdrstos Peck In the Bookman.
NEW SYSTK3I OF COUNTING.
Numerals Represented by a Series of
Motions "With the Arms.
Here is something new in the way of a
deaf-and-dumb mode of represent figures
THE QLEER NEW SYSTEM OF COUNTING.
and numbers, says the New York World.
It is a new system of numeration resem
bling in no respect the Arabic or the
Roman, being less simple than the first
and more simple than the second. The
children in the French calisthenic schools
have become so proficient in it that they
can strike an attitude that will represent
any familiar date in French history or in
any other History, as far as that goes.
>>"o. 1 is formed by extending the left
arm in a straight line from the shoulder
so as to form a right angle with the body.
; No. 2 is made by dropping the left arm half
way between its former position and the
i hips, so as to form an acute angle with the
J body. No. 3is made by raising the arm
j the same distance above the shoulder as it
has just been below the shoulder, thus
forming an obtuse angle. These are the
three fundamental rules, and all the fig
ures that follow are variations of these.
The series four, five and six are created
| by analogous movements of the forearm
v ilk V pper arm neld horizontally. In
iso. 4 the forearm makes a right angle with
the upper arm, in No. 5 an acute angle, in
JNo. ban obtuse angle. Then lowering the
upper arm, so that it will make an acute
angle with the body, and, repeating the
movements of the forearm, executes the
series of 7, 8 and 9.
Having thus regulated the units the tens
are next provided for, and the very simple
method of determining these is" by the
movement of the right arm exactly"simi
lar to that which we have just seen in the
lelt. *or the hundreds the same move
| rnent is gone through with the left leg and
for the thousands with the right leg.
■i W r the application of these indi
vidual figures to make up a complete num
bs r, say 1895 for example. It must be
understood that these numbers are sep
arated into units, tens, hundreds and
thousands, and we make them represent
a thousand and eight hundred, not 1800.
inus one thousand is indicated by the
right leg being elevated to a right angle
with the body; eight hundred by the left
leg being raised to an acute angle with the
body and the knee bent so that the foot
hangs down perpendicularly on a line with
it; and ninety by the right'arm held at an
acute angle with the body and the forearm
at an obtuse angle with the upper arm.
W hat the practical utility ol this method
is supposed to be is not disclosed, but as it
affords the children in the French schools
considerable amusement and at the same
time impresses the numerals upon their
mind, it has doubtless been found useful
in their training. Several efforts have
been made to formulate an alphabet in
somewhat the same way, but that has been
found thus far too difficult, because of the
large number of characters to be repre
sented.
An Ice Bicycle.
A bicycle has been invented for travel
ine on ice or snow, says a New Yore paper.
The long runner or skate, which replaces
the front wheel of the bicycle, in itself is
made for ice alone, but when the machine
is used on snow-clad roads a metal shoe is
The Ice Bicycle.
fitted over the skate, and it is claimed that
the machine will carry a rider over the
ground, or rather enow or ice, at a greatei
speed than the regulation wheel.
Miss Davidson, who is young and en
thusiastic, mounted the ice wheel at a rink
last evening with but little difficulty, and,
after a few "wobbles," started off around
the rink gracefully. The half dozen spec
tators were astonished at the perfect work
ing of the machine. After two or three
The Latest Thing in Bicycle Lamps.
turns about the rink Miss Davidson did a
few fancy moves and then dismounted.
i
GROWTH OF BRITISH POLICY.
The Modern Carthage Was Founded by
William 111.
The unparalleled settlement accom
plished or at least organized by William
111, which dealt so successfully with ques
tions so fundamental, which at the same
time settled the succession of the crown,
waged war victoriously against France and
Spain and established the state of Great
Britain by the union of England and
Scotland, had created, as we have seen, a
commonwealth predominantly commer
cial.
The Britißh policy which, in spite of
some Hanoverian excursions, had ceased
to be dynastic, and had established itself
upon the national interests, recognized
those interests in trade. The eighte -nth
century was to show that in the notion of
trade was involved the empire of the seas
and a vast colonial dominion. But this
was not, as yt;t, distinctly comprehended.
Daring the early part bf the eighteenth
century, that is in the rei~nofAnne.it
was only visible that the Britannic state
showed* a military and diplomatic skill
which was wholly new, and interfered in
Continental affairs with more decision
than had been its wont under either the
Tudors or the Stuarts.
When the period of war was over the
house of Brunswick speedily succeeded to
an insular kingdom, possessing far more
consolidation at home than it had ever
known before. When, after a few years,
France recovered under the guidance of
Fleury from the serious blows she had re
ceived, and it seemed that the age of Louis
XIV was to be followed, as it had been pre
ceded, by the age of a great cardinal, the
total result of the remarkable transition
which ■ England had undergone became
measurable, and the Europe of the
eighteenth century displayed its chief in
ternational features.
Looking about Dim, Frederick the Great
expressed the conviction that all the
states of Europe were drawn in the train
either of England or of France, and that
the standing hostility between those two
states ruled everything. This grand riv
alry between Englishmen ami Frenchmen
reminded Frederick of the Punic wars.
The French, restored to their old influence
by Fleury, struck him as the modern
Romans. Great Britain, he admits, cher
ishes no designs of Continental conquests;
she desires only to push her trade. k
She is, he sees, the modern Carthage:
but to his mind it is a great evil that all
the states of Europe alike are forced to
take part in the grand rivalry which em
braces the globe. Frederick was thus the
very first to form the conception which in
the first years of the nineteenth century
possessed the mind of Napoleon and led to
a Punic war indeed, which had its Hanni
bal, and had also its battle of Zama.
The international situation which led to
this result was already visible before the
middle of the eighteenth century, and had
begun to exist earlier still. It is the con
sequence of that transition which is con
sidered in these volumes, and the outcome
of which was the establishment of a com
mercial state, including the whole Britan
nic world. The modern Carthage was
founded when the revolution of 1688, fol
lowed by the Hanoverian succession, had
established a secure Government with a na
tional and no longer a dynastic policy; and
when this had acquired Britain, instead of
England, for its territorial basis, and was
able also to draw in its train Ireland, not,
indeed, united or satisfied, but pacified
and withdrawn from the influences of re
action. When, as time passed on. this
great Britannic state defeated in the field
the combined powers of France and Spain
and began to be acknowledged as the
leading maritime power, while, at the
same time, with omnivorous energy, it
devoted itself to trade, a state appeared
which resembled the ancient Carthage as
much as the great states of the modern
world can resemble the small states of an
tiquity. — Review of Professor Seeley's
"Growth of British Policy" in New York
Sun.
ORIGINALITY ON THE BENCH.
How a Nebraska Judge Dispenses
Justice.
No more unique figure is to be found in
the American judiciary than Judge Gashn
of Nebraska, and many are the stories told
of this interesting personality. When first
elected to the office he was long on sense
of justice and a determination to bring
about a more orderly condition of affairs
in his district, but somewhat short on his
knowledge of law. The latter he remedied
in later years by persistent study, but the
former characteristic he still retains.
His methods of administering justice
were decidedly peculiar and original, but
seldom led him amiss. Criminals brought
before him were tried and bundled off to
the penitentiary with such celerity and
given such severe sentences that he made
short work of the lawless element.
Succeeding these came the shark who
sought to rob the honest settler by the
forms of law, and the Judge soon became
recognized by this class as no less an
enemy than he had proved himself to be
to the criminal element. Concerning his
methods of dealing with them the follow
ing story is told:
A 4-per-cent-a-month money-lender had,
through the instrumentality of a small
loan, secured about everything a home
steader possessed except his farm, but
with all the payments the loan refused to
prow less. Finally action was brought in
court to enforce payment of the alleged
balance by means of a judgment against
the man's farm. A jury had been secured
which understood -its business, and in
spite of the instrvictions of Judge Gaslin,
which favored the defendant, brought in a
verdict for tbe plaintiff.
The Judge looked surprised, but was
equal to the emergency.
''Mr. Clerk," he said, "that verdict is set
aside. It takes thirteen men to steal a
man's farm in this court."
On another occasion a man who had
drifted over into Nebraska from Colorado,
who was not familiar with the manner of
administering justice on the Nebraska side
of the border, appropriated a horse which
he found hitched to a post in front of a
country store. The horse happened to be
the property of Judge Gaslin.
The thief was captured and later bound
over to await trial in the District Court.
A few days after Judge Gaslin met a fellow
Judge from another district and requested
him as a favor to come into his district on
a day specified and sentence a horsethief,
as Gaslin said he felt a little delicacy in
sentencing a man for stealing his own
horse.
The fellow-jurist assented and incident
ally inquired when the offender was con
victed.
"Oh, he isn't convicted yet," replied
Gaslin, "but I'll 'tend to that part of it,"
and he did. — St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
A QtTAIXT NEW ENGLAND TOWN.
Where the Individualism of Early Days
Is Experienced.
The very name "Salem" is an index of
its character, as well in sound as in signifi
cation. How differently does its measured
cadence strike the ear, with how much
more of dignity, comfort, tranquillity than
that of its brisk neighbor, Lynn, whose
sharp monosyllable causes one an inadver
tent shock as the brakeman announces
these two contrasted sister cities to the
traveler upon the Eastern Kailroau. The
story is told of Phillips Brooks (with more
authenticity than belongs to most of the
stories attached to him) that coming into
Salem from Boston one evening he re
marked to a friend: "What do you sup
pose I saw coming up your quietstreet? —
a little dog going over to Lynn to bark."
The adjective which is oftenest used of
Salem is "conservative." It is well ap
plied. Her very appearance is expressive,
not of decay, but of conservatism. Her
old buildings and dwellings are not left
to disuse and ruin. Far from it. They
are tenanted with as much complacency
and pride (and at as high rentals) as if
there were no finer upon the continent —
and, indeed, there are not, if you accept
the criterion of those who say that the
best house is one that has been the longest
lived in.
In truth, many of the old houses are
BREASTPLATE OF AMENEMHAT 111. (TWO-THIRDS ACTUAL SIZE.) ABOUT
FORTY^FIVE ULNDUED YEARS OLD.
possessed of great charm and beauty. Old
and exquisite carvings, generous fire
places (too often walled in), wide hall
ways, handsome staircases, old-fashioned
plate and china, antique furniture and
bric-a-brac, brought home from distant
lands, combine to lend many of these old
residences a rare attractiveness. In others
are to be found tokens of age of a different
kind, such as low ceilings, narrow stair
ways, uneven floors, diminutive window
panes and other tokens of the inefficiency
of bygone days. One virtue they all pos
sess, the beautiful and the ugly alike,
and that is individuality. Nowhere,
certainly, can there be found clear
er expression of the individualism
of early New England than in the
diversities in appearance and construction
of the dwellings of this old Puritan city.
Fronts of a thousand different designs;
ells and lean-tos of the most peculiar pat
terns; roofs of all descriptions, hip-roofs,
curb-roofs, gable-roofs, shed-roofs; win
dows of all sizes and shapes; doorways of
diverse types, many of them quite artistic;
chimneys that often look as if they were
the original structures and the houses
built round them, and interiors of equal
diversity , amuse as well as interest those
who have not been accustomed to these
old dwellings from their youth up.
There is a deal of picturesqueness about
them as well as a deal of distortion and
homeliness, much as it was doubtless with
the humanity which built them.— Boston
Transcript.
;the oldest jewelry.
Specimens Made Before the Days of
Abraham.
It is to J. de Morgan, the antiquarian
explorer and historian of the Caucasus,
and now director of the important excava
tions at Dashour, near Memphis, in
Egypt, that we owe the discovery of what
must at present be accounted the oldest
specimens of the jeweler's art known to
exist. Until his first find of last year the
most ancient Wees of jewelry known were j
those discovered by M. Mariette, that had
once belonged to Queen Aahotep, mother
of the King Amosis of the eighteenth dy- j
nasty, who lived about 1700 B. C. *■
Mr. de Morgan has brought to light, 1
AN ENGINE ON THE TOY RAILROAD.
among other things, so many specimens
of jewelry that we may now be said to
possess a complete knowledge of the art as
it was before the time of Abraham, which,
according to the most received chronology,
was about 2300 years before Christ, while
the dates to be assigned to these finds
range from tne reign of Amenemhat 11,
who began to rule 2714 B. C, to that of
Amenemhat ill. who died B. C. 2578.
The period v.as for Egypt one of expan
sion and conquest. The unruly tribes of
the Soudan and of Sinai were brought
into subjection, and were compelled to
pay a tribute of gold and gems. Much
later we learn from inscriptions that even
Assyria was obligea to forward to Egypt
quantities of lapis-lazuli and other stones.
In the Dashour jewels lapis-lazuli, tur
quoise, carnelian and the Egyptian
emerald are most frequently used, and ail
except the latter came most likely
from countries beyond the borders of
Egypt. They were used for engraved
beads, which were strung into necklaces,
bracelets and netted breastplates of the
richest effect; but were besides set in solid
gold, wrought into cloisonne-like com
partments to receive the stones, which
were cut to the shapes demanded by the
design. One of the most beautiful of these
iowels of gold and inlaid stones is the
breastplate bearing the cartouche of Ousir
tasen 11. The royal cartouche, with the
beetle (signifying immortality) and other
signs, is supported by two crowned hawks,
banded with turquoise and carnelian.
The sacred asp is coiled over the back of
each hawk, bearing on its neck the "tau,"
another emblem of immortality.
The whole is inclosed in a frame of an
architectural character. In addition to
this breastplate and that of Amenembat
111 were found the jeweled clasps of Queen
Noub-Hotep's necklace, in the form of
hawk's heads of solid gold, a hawk with
wings spread, and a clasp made of two
jeweled lotus buds of exquisite workman
ship.
The inscription on the breastplate reads:
"Amenemhat 111, the good god, the master
of the world and of the two countries (Upper
and Lower Egypt), subduer of the nations
and slaughtereitof the Mentis and Satis."
These two specially mentioned tribes were
inhabitants of Sinai and Arabia. The de
sign represents the King crushing with
his club these bitterest enemies of Egypt,
while the sacred hawk hovers over and
protects him. This is the oldest page of
history written in gold and gems. The
minutest details of the figures are engraved
/with the utmost skill in the gems which
compose the ornament.— Art Amateur.
Trains Delayed by the Wind.
Trainmen say it is not the "head-on"
winds that delay the cars, as the engine
presents a small portion of itself to it, and,
breaking through, the train can be ea?ilv
pulled along after it. But when the wind
strikes the train at an angle of 45 deg. the
trouble begins. The wind uses the whole
side surface as a leverage and gives the
engineer lots of trouble. The cars sway
over to one side and are dragged along
with difficulty. The engineers estimate
that in going 100 miles an extra ton of coal
is used in a strong wind at an angle, and
even then it is impossible to keep on
schedule time. The wind most disastrous
to travel on the Consolidated road is that
from the northeast. It strikes the trains
cornerwise and makes the engines strugele
and strain to counteract its force. This is
felt especially in crossing the Connecticut
River, where the wind has a full sweep,
and all the New York trains are a few
minutes late when the southeasters are in
force.— Springtield Republican.
People You Have Heard Of.
The young man who cast his eye on a
young lady coming out of churc h has had
it replaced, and now sees as well as ever.
The man who could not trust his feel
ings is supposed to do business on a cash
principle.
The lady who went off in hysterics came
back on the L road.
The gentleman who went too far in
an argument was brought home on a
stretcher.
The man who wrestled with adversity
wore out the knees of his trousers and got
worsted.
The man who jumped on the spur of the
moment was soon glad to sit down again.
The girl who burst into tears has been
put together.
The young man who flew into a passion
has Dad his wings clipped.
The young man who was taken by sur
prise has returned.
The man who painted the signs of the
times is now out of a job.
It is rumored that distance lent enchant
ment to the view and now the view refuses
to return it.
The man who was moved to tears com*
plains of the dampness of the premises
and wishe3 to be moved back again. — Life.
A Toy Railroad.
There is in China one of the smallest
railroads in the world. The gauge is less
than two feet, the cylinders are sxlo
inches, the drivers 24 inches in diameter
and the water-tank Holds 90 gallons.
If this was the standard-sized engine in
this country hardware stores would keep
them, same as they do sausage-cutters.
Railroad rnanacers would order k them by
the gross, and locomotive engineers would
be thicker than flies in a dog-kennel. —
Locomotive Engineer.
Aluminum Coffins.
Coffini are now made of aluminum.
Like the modern square burial casket, the
aluminum coffin is made of uniform
width, with square ends and vertical side»
and ends. It is finished with a heavy
molding around the bottom and at the
upper edge, and with pilasters at the cor
ners, ana has a rounded molded top. It
is provided with extension bar handles.
The aluminum casket is not covered, but
finished with the metal burnished. It is
lined in the usual manner. The weight of
a six-foot aluminum coftin is 100 pounds.
A six-foot oak casket weighs about 100
pounds, and a cloth casket of the same
size with a metal lining about 175 pounds.
Other metallic caskets weigh from 450 to
500 pounds. The cost of aluminum coffins
| is from $750 to $1000.
NEW TO-DAY.
A TOBACCO HEART.
Thousands of Americans Can't Get
Life Insurance Because Tobacco
Has Destroyed the Heart Action
and Wrecked the Nervous Sys-
tem.
Engineer Bates Discovers a Never-Failing and
Easy Remedy.
Delanson, N. V., Jan. 18.— Engineer
O. H. Bates stepped off Engine No. 275 to-
day, with a long oiler in one hand and a
bunch of waste in the other. Not a by-
stander there could help remarking big
youthful, healthy look and active, vigor-
| ous movement, and contrasting his ap-
pearance with his condition of two months
ago.
"Say, Colonel, how well you look!"
"Yes, I am well; better than I have been
for years."
"What have you been doing?"
"Oh, not much; No-to-bac cured me of
the tobacco habit, after using it 43 years
and braced me mentally and physically)
in fact, made me a new man in more ways
than one. I had no appetite; couldn't
sleep; now I sleep like a baby and eat
three times a day with a relish, for the
first time in years. My heart action is
regular and no longer a bar to increased
life insurance. You know throttle-pulling
requires a pretty steady nerve, and my
nerves are O. K. now. One box and a
quarter of No-To-Bac cured me completely
in ten days, after using tobacco forty years.
No-To-Bac is sold by all druggists. I see
the No-To-Bac stander on nearly every
druggist's counter, and made by the Ster-
ling Remedy Co. of New York and Chi-
cago. You ought to get one of their little
books called 'Don't Tobacco Spit and
Smoke Your Life Away,' and post your-
self. They send them free to any one that
writes. It cost me $1 to get cured, and I
spent three or four dollars a week for to-
bacco. If I had failed to get cured I would
have gotten my money hack, as the
makers guarantee three boxes to cure any
case. I have recommended the use of No-
To-Bac to many of the boys on the line
and every one of them who got the genuine
article, so far as I know, has been cured
Look out, don't let some of the imitations
be palmed off on you for No-To-Bac."
The cab bell rang, the engineer ciimbed
up quickly on the footboard, stuck his
head out of the cab window, pulled the
throttle half an inch and the big train
rolled away.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET^.
Shipment of $266,0GV to China-
Silver weaker.
Bank Clearings gain .04 percent.
Wheat very firm.
Bari^y weak.
Oats show some improvement.
Corn £rm y held. Ryu quiet.
Hay weak and in light receipt.
Beuns dull.
No change in Feedstuff*.
Ocions advanced.
Dairy Rutter weaker. Cheese firm.
No farther change in Fgss.
A car of Kas'ern Poultry at hand.
Gcme arrives in bad order.
Scanty Trading in Dried Fruit.
A pples lower. Oranges dull.
Provisions unchanged.
"UIATHIR BUK AY BEPOKT,
CIfITKD States Df.partxif.xt ioF Askicul-
TfBK, W'EAinKK Bvrkait, s*» Francisco, Jan
uary IS, 18:)0. sp. * v - '• a Her conditions and
general forecast:
The follow ng are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as cornpure.; with those of the same date last
year: Eureka , last season 2d.89; R»d Bluff
9.-' O. last season 15.90; .-an Francisco 7.73, last
season 15.57: Frtsno 2.03, last season 8.98; San
Luis Obisno 7.82. las: season 19.-8: Los Angeles
2.77. last sof.son lO.Oti: s an Die-o 1.05, last season
7.26; Yuma LS2. l<:st season -'.99.
San FrancK-co data: Maximum temperature
60 deg . minimum 56 cleg. »nd mean 58 deg. Kaln
fall lor past twenty-four hours, 1.1 8 in ht-s.
The storm, which ha.-, b^ea off the coast of
Oregon and Washington since Sunday ni^ht las-,
bus moved in :i:;d and is now central over Eastern
>\ ashingtoa; Idaho and Western Montana.
The pressure has fallen r<pi<ily during the j>r.<sr
twelve hours over Montara and the British posses
sion? nonh«.ir,!.- Tiie pressure is ■•-lnniim to rise
aiuntr tue i ao;:ie Coasi aaJ clearing weather mai
now be looked tot. • ""
The temperature has remained practical- sta
tionary over the entire country west of tie Hockv
excepting a «nmll area in Washinctoa
*na Idaho. Cooltr weather may be expected for
the next thirty-six hours.
\ .General aud heavy rains fell to-day from Los
>|ngeles to teaitle and us far eastward a-, Salt
l»akt>.
1 Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending m;i'.n:j;ht January 19, lspti:
'*^ ortlura C*Utomi»-T Fair, excrpt rain tc-n'ght
• nfl Sunday niornin:; in eastern poruou; slightly
cooler; fresh southwesterly winds? -
. Soutturn California— Light showers; followed by
Tatr. stationary temperature: westerly wiuds.
Nevada— tialn Sunday mornlr.c. followed Dv
t>iir; cooler in northwestern portion.
■' Utuh — Kuin; stationary temperature.
1 Ar.zoca- Cloady weather; stationary tempera
/ san tmnclsco and vicinity — Fair; slightly
cooler; southwesterly winds.
A. jjcadis, i.0.-al Forecast Ofiic-iaL ,
NEW YUKK 31AKKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Jan. IS.— The stock market
was more active to-day, the sales for the two hours
of busiiuss a».grej:atius 11U.375 sluircs. he toue •
I of the marke: was weak throughout, the pressure
to sell being the most pronounced in the case of
the railway and inJustri.il issues. Sellers ol the
tnarke: professed to bu disturbed on account of the
l>avis resolution reported to the Senate Committee
en Foreign Kelations which defines the Monroe
doctrin.', the rumors about the probable destina
tion of :h<> British flying squadron and the talk
about the recognition of the Cuban insurgents by
the United .r>tat»-s. These reports were used for all j
ih?y were wor.ii by the bear traders, an-1 In the !
absence of supporting orders they were f.iirlv suc
ossiul in depressing prices. The loss ran^-i'. from
to -jx r rent in ;he tally active list tn i 2y±
percent In Baltimore and Unto.
The Western railway issues were heavy on re
ports that the receipts of the roads were laliingoff.
i: had been expected that the movement of corn
would materially ;ii i :<• :be receipisof the roads,
and in consi-qutnce the rumors that this business
was unsatisfactory 1> d to liquidations. Chicago Gas
was re.atively nrmer than Uie oilier industrials on
Chicago reports : a: Attorney-General Moloney
will, atter ail, decide in favor of the reorzjfiiizanon
committee. ....:.
speculation closed weak In tone with prices any
where from i-2 :o . P er cent lower on the day.
■ Bonds were Weak. Tne sales Jooud up • '7.000.
Atchi'ron ireneml fours when issued fell 1 to 75%;
Chicago Gas tirs.s. I*-* to 90 V*: Indiana, Illinois
and. lowa jours. '- to B.<: Lake *hore conso; sec
onds, l l 2 to 118; Missouri; Kansas and Easrern
lives. 1 ;o te^>: Toledo, I'eona and Western lours,
1* to 75. and Heading first preferred, li,j to 28.
Grain.
FJ.OUP. — Dull, steady. Winter wheat, low
BTa«les. $2 2. r i(ja.2 65: uo fair to fancy. $•_' 65$
1< SO: do paten;*. $3 45te.M 75: Minnesota cltar,
.. 52 M,'C+i> 10: do btraits. $srf..i Hj; r!o parents, 93 15
' (£4 lO: low extras. S!2 '£$%)£ 65; City Mills, S:-S 90
«£4: do patents, sicgU -5. Kye mixture; $2 lot£
3 -O;*sj^ertlne. t-(?.Z -0. s-ou h-ru ilour— steady ;
. coiamou to -.a:r extras, S'2 10 i"J SO; jjond to choice
do. fii 90ci live flour— Quu^. steady, $2 40ta.2 Bi.
Uackw hea: Uour, $I 'JO-ai 30.
BBCKWHKAT<-3&tac.
COKMIKAL-Qnift; yellow Western, *> 253
2 30: Brand y wine. $2 25.
UYE-Nominal.
BARLKY-Non-.inai; No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c: un
graded Western, cPd4oc.
BARLEY MALl— Nominal.
WtLEAT— Moderately ac:ive, firm: No. 2 red.
ore and elevator, 71c; etloat, 72Vic; f. o. b.. 72
."lr: ungraded red. - Ttc: No. 1 northern. "If.
Options were moderately active and firm a: 1.410J
B'gC advance; May and July incs; ac:ive. Xo, -
red, 69c for January; February, 69Vsc; Marco,
70c; May, t>Bc: June and July, b7 l ~>c.
(_iiK>— Dull; firmer. >.o. '2, 3a;; 4 c elevator;
Sb'^c afloat.
<j;.tions were dull and firm a- 14c advance.
M:iy nios; actl% p. Janaarj'.Sj^ic^'tbruiry. Sb^c;
iiay. os'»c: July, ;i62'a ( "-
OATS — Quiet, firm, options dull and firmer;
January arid February, IMC: May, 34^c. !?pot
prices are: Xo. 2, •-4V->^: fO. *2 white. 251-ic:
.N... S, -.'iUir; No. 3 white. 'Zi^^ : nuxed West
ern, l!4 l i;^isVa c ; while State and Western, 25@
FEEP BI'.AN-CO@.S2VsC
MliJDLiNCiS— 6V<i.7Oc.
BYE— Feed, 60(3,ti0c.
ProTlslons.
BEEF— Steady, ram ay, $10 10^10 50: extra
mess, 57 50®?. Beef bams, steady, Sls 50.
1 ere- b»ef, »;u:et. moderate demand; city extra
India mers. *15- 50y.17: cv: meats quiet, firm;
pickied bellies, s\fcc; do shouidcrs, 4i2&4:;ic;
do hams.
LARD— Quiet, weak: Western Bteara. $SPO: city,
$5 40«a.5 45; January, $5 B.>; refined, quiet ; Conti
nent, 9*5 "JO; couth America, 65 50; compound,
M 75(^5.
I'oKK— Firm, moderate demand. Mess. $10 25
•10 75.
BUTTER— Quiet, weaker. Sta-e dairy, 10@21c;
do creamery, 17©"Jli^c: Western dairy, 11,<i17c;
do creamery, 17i^2.°.c: do Jut.c. 15@31c; do fac
to n\ 9 Va'Slßc: ._ins. 2»c; limitation creamery,
14©ltc; roll*. 9(g.15c.
KUlis- Weak, stale and Pennsylvania. IT-'*
18~i»c: fcoiuhvrn, 16:c-17c: icehouse, i (..(«,. V '
Western fresh, 16\2(a,i7' J z i: - limed, 1 5(g; i •> -Vsc
TALLOW— Moderate demand, city, 3 coun
try. StfcC dfew
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet firm. Crude. 24®
24 I'jC:1 'jC: yellow, prime, -BV->©~9c; do off grades,
27i. 4 @27'i-,c.
I'.o^lN— Quiet. Strained, common to good, SI 60
©1 Rl
TUKI-ENTINK— Quiet, steady, 3'.'ii^34c
POTATOES— demand; easy.
RlCE— Finn. ' Uomestic fair extra, 3<gsSic;
Japan, 8*40 4 c -**' -
a: Oi.A K>— Firm, fair demand. New Orleans,
open kettle, good to choice, 27MJ37&
i ]•. —Quiet, '> points down to 5 up: Febru
ary, $13 10: March, $13 05: May, $12 65; July.
Sl'J 25; Kectember, §11 90. HpotJilo, dull, steady;
No. 7, 14c. "
SUGAR— Raw, firm: dull; fair refining, 33/gc;
cntrilugal, 98 test, 334 c. itetined, quiet: firm;
No. 6, 4V 3 c; No. 7 and No. 8, 4 5-16 c;
No. 9, 4 l»-l«c: NO .10, 43'sr; No. 11, Ac- |
No. 12, 3 16-16 c; No. IS, :-("*,'■: off A, 4%®
4£ o c: mold A, 5 3-liic: stanuard A, 4 16-ltic;
confectioners' A, 4 13-16 c: cut loaf and
crushed, 6 9-16 c; powdered ua>l cubes, 6 3- 16c;
granulated, 1 15-lbc
Produce.
HQPS — Quiet and unchanged.
WOOL— ±'air demand, firm; unchanged. .
Merchandise.
rm IRON— Qniet: American, $11 75©13 50.
« ( >} PEB- Dull; Lake. B9 :.Va9 85.
LEAD— Quiet; domestic. *a'o,3 02i<3.
•JlN— Steady; Straits, $13 05; plates, moderate
demand.
fcRELTEK-Nomlnal; domestic, 14.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, In-, Jan. 18.— Strength which de-
TelopeJ yesterday during the closing hours of the
session, and which remained in control of prices
on the curb, was still in evidence In wheat at the
ooening this morning, and with very little excep
tion held sway throughout the short session to
day. It was due more to local conditions than to '.
any important Information or imeJigenee, and the
crowd was ceneraily short of wheat, and the incli
nation to sell wus at a minimum, the demand
na urally casting an advauc*. Liverpool caoles
were firm and i^d hicher. Kradbtr^et's reported
vf-rv good cl«»arxincss Ol wheat a'icl fiour from boih
roasts '.or the w<vk, 3 -10 o<>o bosiiels. Receipts
In the Northwest showed a falling off, 409 cars
arriving as a?aiu.,t GB4 la»t .'saiiiriar, and 190 a j
>ftr«go. JCecei.'ita at Chicago were 11 cars, and ;
67.000 bushed were taken from store. Atlantic
scatjoard clearances amounted to 618,128 bushel*. '
These ehipmrnts co:;*r;buted to the final strength !
of the day. Continental cables were generally un- |
changed. May wheat opened at t>oi,4c. sold be- I
tw*en GOV&r&filc, closing' at6o^ g c, V*c higher than i
yesterday. Estimated receipts for Monday 65
cars.
CORN— TLe corn market was firm, deriving its
stimulus from wheat. Only ;\ Saturday business
was tran«^c;c-J. with shorts 1 xliioluiig more inter
est in buying lh»n in endeavoriup to increase their
!ini\«. IJverpool cables v.-ere dull and l /i@ x /b4
lower. Receipts at Chicugo ■■■•re 669 cars, and j
315.000 bushels were taken from «tore. Export
r.enrancea were very large, amounting to 713,181
bnshel«. May corn opened at 29c, sold between
28^i6'/bTfec and _ i-9ViC. closing at 29@
-SVs^ Vie higher than' yeateruay. Estimated re
ceip;jt for Monday 230 cars.
OA is— Held steady, the strength of the wheat i
and corn markets exa-nding the stid'.sinicg quality
to prices. Trade was quiet and barren of incident.
Receipts 23* car*. There were no withdrawal
from store. May oats closed Vie higher. Estl
mp.ted receipt* for Monday 215 ears.
FLAX— easy. Cash, 82c; May, 95. ,■'$
86c. Receipts were •_■: cars.
PROVISIONS— Prices of product failed to ad
vance or hold the full appreciation of the last few
days. 'I!. is was owing more to the desire on the
ran. of the holders to realize than to any abatement
of bull orders. The ho:: market, this morning early
was bigher. but the later advices quoted an easier
feeling. At the close Mar pork w»a 12 y~c lower
than yesterday. May lard 10©12i£c lower, and
May ribs 7^!*loc lower.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— January, 66 >3C: May, 60y 8 c; July,
Glo
CORN— January, 265 c; May, 29@29i/gc: July,
2vX'^a>'Soc.
O.MS- January. 18c; May 'JOi^c.
PORK— Januacv, $10: May. $10 30."
LAUD— January, $5 07V2: May.ss 87V^.
Kiß.-— January. S4 87^4; May, mi 15. ' "
MONEY— Was 6 per cent on call and 6 per
cent on time loans. New York exchange sold at
75c premium.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. i[.r... Jan. 18.—To
day's receipts of cattle were light, and were soon
disposed of at unchanged prices. The feeling was
steady. Sales of hogs were at an advance of sc.
Offerings were all taken in a short time. The
sheep market was nominally steady.
CATTLE - Receipts. 500. Fair to choice
steers, «3 B"<S,-l 20; common to medium steers.
$3 Ul<&3 stockers. $2 50;£H40: cows, poor to
good canners, $1 50^,2 40; veal calves, «ood to
choice. $5 Js'i.6 25: Texas fed steers, 1340@4 25.
UOUS— Receipts, 17.000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. S3 90@l 10: common to choice
mixed. ?3 85©1 10; choice assorted, $4©
4 10: llstht. ?;< 85@4 10: pigs, 5:1 10Q-1 05.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000.' Inferior to choice,
?2(&3 50; lambs, 3@4 65.
SEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 3%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 6.^7%. Bar silver, 67i c. Mexican dol
lars, 53iic. Sterling exchange is active, with
actual business 111 bunkers' bills a- 31 *7 : v 4 @4 89
for sixty days and $4 8914 for demand.' Posted
rate*, $4 8894 h9Vi- Commercial. bills. 84 563, i
&A 87H- Government bonds steady; State bouds
auil; rauroaa bonds Lower.
llrs-INfi STOCK*.
Am Tel A Cable.... 90 1 Norfolk A Wes"... IV4
Atchlson- l^&s' Preferred 7
Preferrea -U- 4 North American... 4%
Adams Express... l 46 ' Northern Pacific 3
Alien, Haute. 59 Preferred lly 3 "
American Expre34.HO Nortnweatern. ... yti7 d
American Tobacco. 78Vs Preferred 144
Preferred '2 N. Y. Central 963' 8
Bay btataGas 17 jN. Y. Chlcago&A.!, l'-i^
Baltimore <£. Ohio.. 38 Ist preferred 70
i>runswicK i-ati'ls.. y% \ »ci preferred 23
Kuftaio, Roch &P. 10 N. Y.&N. 11.. .ISO
Canada Pacific 63 N, .v v New Ens. 45
Canada Southern.. 47y 3 N. Y. busq & W... 9
Ctnton i-aud 60" a Preferred 24%
Central Pacific 14 /2 Ontario S>V 4
l i.es. <£ Ohio 1 A1 /2 ■ i.;«rujt Western. 33
Chicago Alton 103 [Oregon Improvmu 2' 2
I'reierrea 170 '■ Preferred. — — '
Chlcaso, H. A Q — 731 .., > Iregon Navigation. 1 •''
Chicago Jt K. 111... 41 re^ou shor; Lina. 5
Preferred t>s Pacific Mall 24"4
Cbicagouas 04 ! 4 Peona. D.& Evans. -- 1 .
Clevedt Pittsburi;.loß .Pittsburgh w pfd. 15
Consolidation Coal. 29 :Pu!lman Palace... 15 )
Consolidated Gaa..144- quicksilver... "i ',
c. C. c. A Su Louii ;-3i^| Preferred. i.m
Preferred S.'. ißeaaing 8
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 25 'RloGrande&Wesui 13 Li
Preferred 110 Preferred.. ;<9 '
Cotton oil Cert 16 ißock Islana 6:-is;
Commercial Cable. 1.5 ißomeWat <tOgdenll6 '
Del. Hudson lv-iVifc-t. L. & S. W 41/2
Uel.Lack&Westernl j Preferred 10
Denver .£ It. U.. 12 : -a St. Paul ; 6C%
Preferred 42 - 3 Preferred 12:>i~
1 DistUlers 15 - 2 St. Paul <t Duluth. 22
General Electric... ■. i'-^ Preferred »5
Erie 14-4 St. Paul & Omaha- 34
Preferred 23- 2 : Preferred 131
■Fort Wayne ltO St. P. M. <fc it. 110
Great Northern ptii.l 10 silver Uertincac... 67^1
Green Bay Va Southern Pacitic.. 2'J
Harlem ~.280 jhoutnern K. X..... 8%
Hocking Coal I*,£| Preferred. 25» 4
Hocking Valley... 1* ifeutrar Rennery....loU^s
Homestake 18 | Preferred.: 86
ii. A Texas Cent ly, Term. Coal <St Iron. 25V,
Illinois Central.... 85 .j Preferred 100 "
; lowa Central. 7i , 1 exaa Pacific. . ~s«
Preferred 26 1 01.A.A.A N.Mica.
: Kansas Texas.— 1«'14!t 01. <t Ohio Can.... 31)
Preferred 24i 4 i Preferred 65
; Kingston & Pern... 3 1 ol.St. Louis & K.O. 6
, i-*ke Erie <£ Westn 18 | Preferred 14
Preferred >j^3 Union Pacific HUt,
: Laxe Shore 141 it. P.. Den. <t UnlL 3 "
' National Lead 233^1 U.S. Cordage sV'a
Preferred 3.1 j Preferred 934
: Lonjrlsi&na 8-' | Guaranteed 1834
, Louisville & Nasu. 4314 L". S. Express 38
Louisville NaiCa. 9i/ a 'U. S. Leather.. . 93i
Preferred IVi.., Preferred, 6lv 8
Manhattan Consol. P»i C. S. Rubber 26
j Jlempnis* Charts. 16 j Preferred . S3
Mexican Central... y Utlca& B. River.. 160
! Michigan Central.. 93 tt'ab. S. L. <k Pac.. 6i 8
i 35 inn is. L. Preferred 1.., 8
j Preferrea — Wells-Fareo. 95
! Minn. <fc St. L com. 2" | Western Union.... S3
Ist preferred 7> Wis Centra* 2%
2d :ferre<l 40 (Wheeling <St L. X.. 10% I
Missonrt Pacific 2- \ Preferred 36
Mobile <& Ohio *^2! 7 j Am Cotton OU pfd. 65
Nashville Chan.... 65 W U Beef 87/ 8
Nstlonal Linseed.. 18 :L I 'l~raciion^ 171 „ ■
N. J. Central 67 1.4 Ann Arbor
<X.-'Mi bond*.
I V 4s. ree M X T2ds 68
Do, 4s coupon... 109 Do, 4s ' 83X.i
U8 4s new reg 114 Mutual Union Bs.. 115
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..115 NJ Cent Gen 65...114iA
1 Do. 2s 96 Northern Pac Ists.ll4i2
i Do, 6s 111% Do. 2ds : 101
Do. 6s coupon... .11214: Do, SCs.. 69 ■
Cherokee 4s. 1886.100 .NonnwesVconaol*l4o
Do. 1897 100 ! Do.aebCs.... 107
Do. I*9B 100 jOß<tNlsts 109
Do. 1899 100 SiL&lronMtGenSs 7v>3i
; recific6sof'9s.... St L & 8 F Gen 6s. 100
D. C. 3-6 5s 110 •St Paul Consols ...12:-!
Ala Class A 4 10, St. P. C. «fePalsts.H2
Do. C!a»i 84, ss. 107 i Do. Pac Cal lsts-loyiA
I LaConsol4s. 97 Southern R. R. ss. 90
Missouri funding. .—. Texas Pacific firsts b5
N Carclinucon 68..120 Texas Pac seconds. 1««
Do, «s 102 VnionPac lstof'B(J.
Fo Carolina 4V 3 8... 104 Went Shore 4s. ...1041/0
Tennnewsa 84 Mobile & Ohio 4s. 65
I Va funding debt... 59i a R GranaeWest lsts 74
i-'o, reg Ches t Oss 107
Do, deferred 65... 5y Atchlson 4s 72%
I Da trust rcpts st 6 Do, 2ds A..»... 21%?
Canada South 2ds.. i04%'0 H A S A 6s 105
1 CeD lstsof '95 100 ' Do, 2d 7s . " 100
Den &R Gist 11l H A Tex Cent 65..
_.**>. *« 87 Do.con6s 104
£rie2d« 71 j Reading 4. 7455
; Kansas Pa Consols 73 Missouri b» 100
Kb Pa divlo7 I ,
FOREIGN MARKETS.
"WHEAT IX LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, £.vo., Jan. 18.— The spot market
Is firm at 5s 6d@ss 7d. Cargoes are firm at 27s
' 7*6 d October shipment.
FCTtrBM.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter; Janu
ary, 5s sd; February. 5* SWI; March, 6s Isd •
.■ Hi:, is bi.fi; May, 5s 6V*d. .
BECL'BITIKS.
LONDON. Ens., Jan. 18— Consols, 107 i/ a ; sil
ver, 30 11-16 d; French Rentes, .
EXCHANGE AND BILLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 04 87
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — ■ ' 89Vi
New York Exchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — par
Fine Silver, 1 ounce ....;. — ' 67*4
Mexican Dollars 63Vi 64
EXPORTS OF PROVISIONS.
The following are the number of pounds and
value of the articles enumerated, exported from
San Francisco during the year 1895: Butter
411.059 lbs, $71,191; cheese, 250,093 lbs, .$27,894;
canned meat, 1,105.100 lbs, $160,039; salted meat
1,273.550 lbs. $67,418; tallow, 2.810,79 a lbs."
$139,601 ; lard. 885.625 lbi. $73,386.
BANK CLEARINGS.
local bank clearings last week were 863. 595, :
against if] 3 029,968 for the same week In 1895.
A gain of .64%.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Pern took out a treasure list of $266,067,
consisting of $108,662 in Mexican Dollars, $1705
in Gold Coin and 55,701) in Silver Bullion.
»
PBODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AM) OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Osborne takes for Hall 107,338
c:;s, valued at $1 12.973 -.Falls of Clyde, lor Hu;l,
27,873 cits at $30,125; Celtic Bard, for London,
63,752 ctls at $68,500.
Futures and spot grain were both firm at full
figures. No. lis quotable at $1 05@l OG> if* ctl;
choice. $1* 071.4; lower grades, V»Oc@?l 02Vi;
extra choice for milling, $1 15(a.l 18%. -
. ! CALL KOARD BALES.
Informal . Session— 10 , o'clock — May— lloo j
tons. $1 03V&: 1300, «1 0914- December-200,
SI l-' 3 i-
Rxgulak • Moxmno Session— May— 7oo tons,
*] 09: 2200. $1 08J*; 1900. $1 09Vs- December
— 100, *1 123«: 300, $1 12 ».
BARLEY— Shipment of 32.111 ctls Brewing,
valued at 27,669. and 4*9 ctls at $350, 10 Eng
land. The market is weak at the quotations.
Feed, 6?V»'*7oc ctl: choice, 711/* c; Brewing,
75@82y-.c; Chevalier, «1 10@l 20 lor No. 1 and
751©51 V ctl lor off grade.
CALL BOARD SALES. \ . l^'.ii"
I v formal Skhsio.v— 10 o'clock— No sales.
Itttruß MoßxiNa Bbssion— December— loo
tons. 6y%c .
OATS— There Is a slight .upward tendency and
several descriptions " show some improvement,
stilling are quotable at 80@8.>c f* cti: fancy
Feed, 85<a90c-%» ctl; good to • choice, 77Vs@85c
?4 ctl; common to fair. 65<g75c V ctl; Gray. tO(&
85c: lied, lor seed, $I@l 10; Illack, for seed. $1 10
&] 30: do for feed, 75§85c: Surprise, 95c@$l 06.
CORN— Is firmly heid by dealers, who are unable
to advance prices, however. Yellow, 87Va(&90c
ctl; Small Round do, 87%@90c; White, «2Va
(jeßsc ¥ ct '-
RYE— 7s£Boc 9 ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at 85c@?l » ctl, ac
cording to quality. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANLAEY 19, 1896.
FLOCK ANIJ BIILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 55©3 65; Bakers' extras, $3 45@3 55; super
fine, $2 40@2 50 f* bbl. j_ :.. ..".',
CORNME AL. ETC.— Feed Corn, 919 50@20 ip
ton: Cracked Corn. $20 fi ton. -:-^
MILLSTCFFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: - Graham Flour,
!i*4c; Rye Flour, 3Vic; Rice Flour, 7L>c; Corn
meal, @3c; extra cream do, 3i.i.e: "oatmeal,
3-Tie: Oat Croats. 4i oc: Hominy, 4^T4^c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3V"C: Farina,
4!;.- : whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4y 2 c;
IVurl Barley, 4U<&Hac; Split Peas, 4»,ic; Green
do, sVic %i it.
HAY AKD FEEDSTUFFB.
BRAN— sl3@l3 50 "£ ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 lor lower grades up to
f 2\) 50 ?* ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 * ton:
Oilrake Meal at. the mill, 521 1* ton; jobbing,
ft'J'2 50: Cottonseed Oilcake. 521.
HAY— Weak and quiet, but no lower. Receipts
are l!i;ht' owing to the heavy rams. Wheat, $8@
12 50: Oat, B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat. $7 50@
1150 %( ton: Barley, $7@9 50; Alfalfa, $6@9;
Clover. $6@B; Compressed, 87 50@ll; Stock, $6®
7 50 "^ ton.
bXKAW-35@60c baje.
BEANS AND SEED 3.
BEANS— Trade continues dull, Bayos are quot
able at $I@l 15: Small Whites, $1 25@1 60 $
cti; Pea, $1 50(§l 65: Large Whites, ?1 15@1'25;
Pink. 90c(§?l 12%; Reds. $1 35<ai 40: Blackeye,
$1 75@1 85: Red Kidney. :SI 75@1 90; Limas,
$'£ 50fa2 75; Butters, $1 tiO^l 70 %4 ct'..
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $1 95^2 05 "$ ctl:
Trieste, $2(& # 2 20; Yellow Mustard. $1 40@l 60;
Flax, $1 70@l 75; Canary, 3i/4@3y 3 c ib; Al- i
falfa 6i4@6V.jC ■& tt>; Rape, IS^^-jc %t lb; Hemp,
4c-j»lb. r ..,..,
DRIED PE AS-Nomlnal at ?1 25@1 60 Tgt cU for
Niles. -._".;■ :■'.•'•
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Volunteer New Potatoes, l@iy 2 c
? tb; Sweets, SI 25©1 50 "$ ctl for Rivers and
93 9 ctl tor Merced; Salinas Burbanks, 60@9(>c "&
ctl: Kiver Burbanks, 25@40c fi sack; Oregon Bur
banks, 50(&75c; Oregon Garnet Chiles, 6U@6sc;
Oregon Peerless, 60ra.60c; River Reds, 45@55c %4
ctl.
ONlONS— Arrivals aTe small and the market Is
higher at Ssc@sl 0* t* ctl; Cut Onions, 7O@bOc %4
ctl.
VEGETABLES— Tomatoes are practically un
salable, Mushrooms are in larger supply and
lower at 6<5,10c; Dried Peppers, " 6<310c; Los An-
Keles Tomatoes, 50@75c $ box; Green Peas. 3@
Be; string Beans. lO(*12V : «c: Dried Okra, li;i.jr;
Cabbage, 4C@soc V ctl; Garlic, 4@sc %t !U; Mar
rowfat squasn, §16@20 1* ton.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern Is announced for
to-morrow.
Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gobblers and 10@llc
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 10&123 V ft; Geese,
■£ pair, $1 Co@l 75: Ducks, 55(0,7 ; Hen*, $4.g)
5: Roosters, younc ?4 sOtes PO: do, old, *4@4 60:
Fryers, $4 50; Broilers. $■!:<:- 4 50 for large and
§?.fa.A dO for small; Pigeons, $1 60(g,2 1^ dozen for
I young and (l(g 1 26 for old.
GAME— Continues to arrive in bad condition.
Hare are quotable at $I@l 25 ft dozen; Rabbits,
j $1 25(51 50 f* dozen for Cottontails and $1 for
< small: Gray Geese, $2;g,2 25; White Geese. 60c
S«l; Brant. $I@l 25; Honkers, 92 60@3 60;
English Snipe, $1 60 o-J; Jack Snipe, $1 25@1 s>).
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Dairy descriptions have been comlnu
in more freely for a day or two, and prices are off
In consequence. Creameries keep scarce and show
no weakness.
CBKAMKKY-Faney, 27@28c; seconds, 25@26c
%S B>. •
Da ib y— Fancy. 24©25 c: good to choice, 22®
23c; lower grades. lg@2lo.
CHEESE— Stocks continue light. Fancy mild
new, ll@HVbc «4 ib: special marks higher still;
common SQlOc: Cream Cheddar. 11 2c;
Youhz America, lla,i 2c; Western, ll(S12c;-East
ern, Vlfq,l 3c V tb.
EGGS— There was no further change yesterday.
Good to choice Eastern, 21c i* doz; seconds, 18
(g;2oc; store Eggs, 19@21c; ranch Eggs, 22@24c «
dozen. -■: ' i
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Persimmons are begin
ning to disappear. Apples are weak. Persimmons,
40@75c 1» box; Apples, 75c@?l .3 box for good
to choice, 60<a65c for common to fair and 51 25
tor fancy: Siskiyou Apples, 7 5c@$l 50.
CITRUS FRUlTS— seven cars Oranges came In.
They are very dull. Limes are lower. Lemons
j are inactive. California Oranges are quotable
at $i 25@1 50 box for Seedlings and $1 . 50
(d.2 50 t* box for Navels: Japanese Mandarins,
$1 2f@l 50 f* box; Lemons, $l<a<l 60 for common
, and f 2®2 50 for good to choice: California Limes,
75c %« box; Mexican- Limes, *5 50: Bananas, 91
I @2 ¥ bunch; Pineapples, $2@5 %» dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, KAIS.>S, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— Outside of a few Jobbing sales
there is nothing doing. The following prices rule
on the Fruit Exchange: -
Carload Lots— Apples, 2i^j@3cf> Ib for quar
tered, 3@3i£c '$ tt> for sliced and 414 c\i &> for
evaporated; Peaches, 3i^@4c i> & and 5%@6c
for fancy: peeled in boxes. 12c; Apricots, IKi'Q
i 8!-2C for prime to choice, ; 9Vic for fancy and lo<g>
lie f. fi> for fancy Moorpark; Fijri, black, 2@2V>c
for unrressed: White Kites. :-iV2<a;4cir> sacks: Pears,
7c f* 1b for evaporated halves, 4<Sj,6V*iC Ib for
quarters; Prnnes.'3%c: Plums, 4c~ fi tb for pit
ted and 1%(g,2 Victor unpitu-d; Nectarines, s(<j,6c
%l Ib for prime to choice and 61, »c for fancy. * . --r
Jobbing Price*— Apples, 4@4i/2C: Peaches. S@
4c and 5c for f aucy ; peeled, in boxes, 10@12i/«{C;
I'runes, 4c tor the four sizes, 6c fi tt> for -10@50'8
and 5c for 50@60's; Apricots, 6@9y 2 c for prime to
choice and l'"(S,llc for fancy Moorpat-k; Figs, j
black, 13i@2i.<»c; White Figs, 8(Sl5c; Pears, 6V2C !
' for evaporated halves and 3<a.sV«c for quarter^.; ]
Plums, 3i^.c for pitted and i:g,\i~,c for unpitted;
Nectarines, i(<rf>c V Ib for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lot?, f. o. b. San Francisco: I
London layers, ba@9oc ~t box ; four-crown, loose, !
3 4' : 'f> *>i three-crown. loose, 214 c; two-crown.
•2c; seedless Sultanas, 4 (ai4c: see<iless Muscatels,
2V 2 @23 / i : c: three crown London layers, 70c: clus
ters, $1 35@1 60; Dehesa Husters, $2 10@2 25;
Imperial clusters, *2 bO<ij,2 75; Dried Grapes, 2>-.c
t* a>.
Jobbing Prices — Four-crown loose. Sc; 3
crown, 2J/4@'^Vic: 2-crown, 13, 4 fa2c; Seedless Bul
tanns, 34. 4 ®4c; Seedless Muscatels, 2V»c; S-crown
London layers, BDc@.sl; clusters, «1 40@l 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 26; Imperial clusters, %1 75:
Dried Grapes, 2V»c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6(gßc ? !b; Walnuts. 7®Bc
'& It for No. 1 hard and 9@9V2 for softshell, job
bing lots; Almonds, 6^7i^c lor Languedoc and
B>2@loc for paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts, 3ya@
4c fj Jb for California; Hickory nuts. s^)«c;
Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for polished; Filberts,
BC*9c: Brazil .Nuts, 7y 2 (g;Bc %* Ib; Cocoanuts,
*4 60Q5 'f 100.
HON"KY— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c ¥ Ib for
bright and Pte»9c ft tt. lor lower grades; water
white extracted, 5"7. 1 ... ■ $ Ib; 1,..-;.; amber ex
tracted, 4i 4 ra.43 /4 r; dark amber, 4c: dark, 2<s3c
BEESVVAX-24(gi27c fi Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Trade is dull. Bacon. 6c for
heavy, 7c for light medium, 9c "<s. tt> for light. 10c
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured; Eastern
bi'.gar-cured Hams, Hi 2 c 9 Ib; California Hams,
10c; Mess Ueef, $7 f, bbl; extra mess do, $8: fam
ily do. $9&9 50; extra prime Pork, $8 %i bbl; ex
tra clear. $14 bbl; mesa. $13 ft bbl; Smoked
Beef, 9V^OlOc '■$> tt».
LARD— Eastern, tierces, Is " quotable at 6c $
Ib for compound and 7va r for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 6%c for compound and 6c for pure;
half-bbls, 614 c: 10-th tins, 7c: do 6tt>, 7'a.7'4c ft Ib.
COTTOLEN'E— "Vic in tierces and Bc'*l a. in 10-
Ib tins. .-'.;
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— salted steers, 7c
Ib: culls and brands, tic; medium, 6c: culls and
brands. Cc: light. 6c; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
[ hides, »@5V»c; culls and brands, 4(g>4ior; salted
Kip, 5c » ib; salted Calf , . 8c "# Ib: eaifed Veal.
6c: dry Hides! lOffillc; culls and brands, 7(4>7i 2 c;
cry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls, 6V2 f ii"c: dry Calf,
15c: culls, 10c;. Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, 6c; j
Deerskins, good summer, 2Ss3oc; medium. Js@ I
25c: winter, 10@,15c; Sheep»kin3, shearlings, lew j
20c earn; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40 j
@50c each : long wool, 65c each. Culls of ail kinds
about eless.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 33/i@4c; No. 2, 3©
3Vic; iflned, 5%c; Grease, -Vie %i tb.
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Humboldt and
Mendocino, 7@9c; Ban Joaquin and southern, 3@
6c: free Mountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4@Sc » Ib.
HOPS-Quoted at 4@6c %* Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 10@4 15: Wool Bags, 24@26C.
COAL— Harris'on's circular says: "During the
week there have been eight arrivals from the Coast
nines with 15.379 tons of Coal, from Glasgow 1760
tons, from Australia 2400 tons.- These arrivals
only aggregate about half our actual consumption,
yet there is no visible scarcity of fuel of any special
grade; of Swansea Anthracite there is a larger
quantity in yard than at any period last year. The
rec>nt stormy weather has* materially diminished
the stocks of domestic Coals, Insomuch so that the
dealers take immediate delivery from ship's side of
all British Columbia cargoes now arriving. The
general rainfall through the interior is certain to
Induce ship-owners 10 become liberal shippers of
Coal cargoes in the near future, anticipating an j
abundant harvest this season; It is true that so far
we are behind 25% of our annual average of rain up
to date, still this last storm has been most propi
tious. The list of Coal carriers Is decreasing from
Swansea and Australia; Latterly there have been
over two arrivals here for each new name added
them. The last engagement from Swansea was
made at 14s; this shows no decline; from Austra
lia rates are merely nominal, but few charters are
being made." * Wellington quotable at $8 14 ton;
New Wellington. $8 i» ton; Southfield Wellington,
%1 50: Seattle, $5@5 60: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay,
$5: Wallsend. $6 50: Scotch,- $7 50; Brymbo,
$7 50: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania- Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An- i
thracite Egg. : Cannel,sß; Hock Springs, Castle- j
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 50 in '
bulk and $13 60 '£ ton in sacks. -
WlNE— Shipment Of 25,528 gallons, valued at
99525,' to London. "
CANNED FRUlT— Shipment of 6119 cases,
valued at $13,976. to London, by sea.
CANNED SALMON — The Alaska Packers'
Association quotes Bed Salmon as follows: in lots
of 25,000 cases. 95c: 60.000 cases, 9'2i^c; 76,000
cases, 900 if- dozen, net cash f. o. b. ex-ship.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reiinery Company
quotes terms, net cash: ; Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all ss^c; Dry Granulated, sc;
Confectioners' A, 4 v c: Magnolia A, 43/ c; Extra
<'. 41 c; Golden C. 4y 8 c; half-barrels, ' -Vic more
than barrels, and boxes i 2 more.
SYKUP— Golden, in obis, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
$gal. .- ■ ■ • ..■"• ■
SAN FRANCISCO MKAT MARKET
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 5%@6c; secodd quality,
4i,2@5c; third do, B%@4C ~tf> Ib.
VKAL — Large, s@bc; smalL 6®7c Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6ftt6y a c; Ewes. 6c ?* ft«.
I.AJIB— Lamb, 12% c; yearlings, 7c !b.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%@35^c for large and"3y a c
for small: dressed do, 5(g.60 yl ib. ;
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
. . . FDR 24 JIOLIIS.
rionr.nr. «k5 "...... 34, 751|H!de5. n0.......... 128
Wheat. ctls 2.820 Felts. Ddls..^. .. 120
Barley, ctls 2-465 Wine, gal*. 25 500
Oats, ctls. 315! Butter, ctls .". '99
Rye, ctls. —.. 230 Cheese, ctls. 64
Potatoes, ska. 1,285 Egss, doz 2.250
Onions, sks l<!BiPapcr, reams. . 2,530
Br»n, .its . 790 Wool, bis 1
Middlings, sks Leather, rolls 104
Hay. tons. Lime, bbls 201
Btraw, tons 40 : Lumber, M. feet...' 10
m» — 1 —
THE STOCK MAEKET.
. Values were lower again yesterday, the best
prices showing quite a depreciation from those of
Friday. Business continued quiet. The market
showed steadier symptoms after the board.
The decline in prices tor the week will be seen by
the appended table of fluctuations.
NOTES.
The Challenge assessment falls delinquent in
board and the Occidental ■ assessment In office to
morrow.
Cox. Cal. A Vibginia— l6so level—Con
tinued repairing and easing timbers in south drift
on ninth floor (first floor above sill floor of this
level). From end of east crosscut, started at point
170 feet in from mouth of this south drift in up
raise has been carried up on one streak found
there, and we have extracted therefrom eight tons
of ore (being all ore in sight), assaying $28 01 per
ton. On sixteenth floor (eighth floor above sill
floor 1 have drifted north from end of slope twelve
feet, n quartz assaying $5 to $7 per ton. No ore
has been extracted from this floor during the
week.
1750 level— fifth, sixth and seventh floors
above sill floor of this level opened out through
upraise No. 2 are extracting some ore north along
west side of opening showing a width of three and
six feet, assaying $30 to $40 per ton. West cross
cut No. 3 started at point 17 1 feet in from mouth
of south drift run from end of southeast drift on
sill floor of this level ha? been extended 24 feet
through quartz assaying $3 to $15 per ton. From
fifth, sixth and seventh floors from upraise No. 2
and from north end of stope in old ground of
former workings on fifteenth and sixteenth floors
extracted IH-t ions of ore, average assay value of
which, per samples taken from cars in mine, was
$41 42 per ton. Total extraction of ore from mine
for week amounted to 192 tons, average assay
value of which, per sample from cars when raised
to .surface, was $40 53 per ton.
Upraise started at the 207-foot point in north
west drift from main west drift from C. and C.
shaft on sill floor of this level has been carried up
18 feet In porphyry and quanz, assaying $2 and $3
per ton. 'i otal height, 30 feet.
1500 level— Are easing timbers and making nec
essary repairs uiong upraise which connects 1600
level drift from on. Virginia shaft on this level.
1000 level— North drift from Con. Virginia shaft
station on tnis level has been advanced 27 feet,
passing through porphyry and clay separations.
Total length of drift, 378 feet.
Following Are the Highest Prices Daring
the Past Week.
Stock. |Mon.jTues. WeU.jThrs. *TI. I S»L
Alpha... i 261 24 24 231 22! 30
Alta "9 06 ot> 07 07 06
Andes 25 22-20 21 22 20
Belcher 31 27 27 1.7 27 20
Best Belcher.. 1.00 93 94 92] 90 86
Bodie 42 41 42 41 41 40
Bullion 18 16 18 18 16. 16
Bnlwer ( 10 12 12 1* 12
Caledonia ! I 08
Challenge 31 28! 28) 28 28 27
Choliar i 78 66 R7| 63 63 67
Con. Cal. A Va. . 2.65 2.50 2.50 2.50 2.45 2.40
Confidence 1.10 1.05 1.05 1.10 1.00 ..
Crown Point.... 24 23 23 23! 20 20
Gould & Curry. 56 57 691 56 66 53
Hale & Norcrosj 1.45 1.40 1.40 1.35 1.23 1.15
Mexican 70 60 63 61 62 58
Mono 07! 06 06
Ophir 1.55 1.45 1.45 1.45 1.40 1.35
Overman 20 19 20 19 18 17
Occidental 1.20 84 72 6S 91 81
Potosi 60 63 56 63 54 53
(■Savage 3- 29 30 29 28 j 26 i
t?eg. Belcher.... 11 OP 10 10 091 09
Sierra Nevada.. 6! 60 4y 46 45 42
"ion 48 42 3* 37 J<s 35
Utah Ob 05 06 061- 06 05
Veliow Jacket..; 47 45 46 45 44 4-j
. BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stocic Board yesterday; ._■
RKOCLARMOBMtVi covvrwivcrxi AT 1 ? : 30.
Alpha 20100 «& C 53,200 Potosi.. 61
100 8e1cnrr...25 N..1.1 .100 .. 50
100 B <fc 8....8."> 300 Mono 06300 Savage... 26
200 83|lOOOccidtl.... 76200 Sec 8e1... .09 '
200 842U0 77:«>ObNev ....42 j
600 Ch011ar ... .55:700 77200 Union 35
100 56 200 0phir... .1.35 200 V Jackt 42
300 Crown Pt.l9 500 Overmn...l6l
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stools
Board yesterday :
BiionT^Tt nj^iinv — in:Tv
800 Alnha 20 500 C N V 06 900 0ccidt1....76
500 Alta 07 400 C Point. ...lP 600 ... 80
I 200 Amies 20'liOO Excnqr .07 600 0phir.. .1.35
! 300 8e1cher....2« *00 Q& C 52 100 0vrmn....18
350 Biß 85300 00 300 .; 16
400 84 300 H<fcN ...1.15400 Potosi . .51
100 Bod 41300 -.1.17y» 500 Savage.. .26
I 300 8u11i0n.... 15 600 Julia O'J 500 Scorpion. Oi
I 200 Bulwer.... 131400 Justice.... 400 S 84M..09
400 Calf-da..... 08 300 KentcK....ot> 300 *SNev 43
300 Chalice. 200 Mexican. 500 8 Hill . 0"
400 Ch0nar.... 561500 Mono 400 Union C.".! 36
500CC*V...2.40|200 Occid 79 300 Utah 05
100 C0nn... .1.00 200 78 1150 V Jacket 43
2000 Con 1m..02j100 77]
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Jan. 18-12 k.
Bi*.A*krri.\ Bld.Atk".d.
Alpha Con 19 20 Jackson — 40
Alta 06 07Jnlia _ 02
Andes - 19 20;Justlc«. 02 04
Belcher 25 '26 Kentucc 05 06
Best & Belcher. 85 86 Lady Wash.... — 01
HentonCoa.... — 40 | Mexican 58 69
Bodie 40 42 Mt. Diablo 15 20
Bullion.. ._..„ 15 16Mouo 06 07
Bnlwer _ 12 14 Nevada 04 06
Caledonia OH 09 Occidental 79 go
Challenge Coa. i! 7 28 Ophir 1.35 1.50
Choilar 56 57 Overman 16 17
Con. Cal. & Va. 2.35 2.4.» Hotosi I 52 63
100. imperial. — 03 >avnee 26 28
Confidence..... — 1.00 £ eg. Belcher... 08 09
Con.NewYort — 06 blerra Nevada. 41 43
Crown Point.... 19 21 Scorpion 03 —
EastSierraNa* — 04 Hirer Hi 11..... — 03
Exchequer. 07 03 Silver Kins 20 —
Eureka C0n.... — 25, Syndicate 02 —
liould A Curry. 51 53 Union con 34 36
Hale «fcNorcH. 1.10 1.15 Utah (16 06
'lowa 02 04 Yellow Jacket. 42 43
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Jan. 18-10:30 A. M.
UNITED STATES BON' 1)3,
JBId. Aike<L\ Bid. Atfced.
C Bis coup.. — |CS4s reg...lO7Vfr —
KISCKLLAXXOri BONDi.
Cal-stCble6s. — 110 IDo. 2d Iss 6s. — —
CalKlecL6<!.lo6 — P<fcOKy6s. — .108
CntraOWSs. — 100 P&C'h Kv6s.lO2i4lOsW|
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 85 :Pwl- t.RR6s. — 1161^
EdsnL«tP6s.lOH.y 8 10734 1 Ueno. Wl^tli — 105
F<fcCHKKBs.W6V<2 — BiverW Co6s — 100
Gearv-stKss.lo2 1 sactoP * L..100 102^4
lx>sAucl^6s. — 101 SF&NPKRSsIOO 100%
Do,Unted.6s. — 101%'bt>rU'>Ai1z68 — 95
Jlkt-stCble6sl22 — SPRHCaI6s..IIO — "-
DoKvConss..loß 1081 2 >l'Hit Calis.. — 973^
I NevCNgKßs. — 100 £PBrKCal6s. 9611 9tiVi
j PCRR6s.IO3Va - asVWater6s..l2o»il2l
j Ry Cal 65.10«JV2 — SV\Vater4s_ 99 99%
|NRyCal6s. — 103 StkinUitE6s — 103
I Oak Gas 53.1041/2 — ;SunstT<tT6s.lOO —
] Do, 2d Iss 55.104V2 — Sutter-stßss. — 110
Omnibus 65.. — 119V S VisaliaWC Us — 92
PacltoilM:6s.. — — I
water stocks.
Contra Costa. 40 — [Pan Jose 75% 98
MarlnCo .... 49 53 |SpringValiey 96f; 963^
GAS 6T(»CKS.
Capital. — 40 Pacific Light. 46 47%
Central 95 — Francaco 71&4 — '
OalcGLilL 50 61 Stockton..... — 21%
PftcGaalmp. 7l»Vi i9Mi ln
INSUBAN-CE STOCKS.
FiremansFd.ls6 — |Sun 66% —
KRCIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. — — LondonPAA.l27»4 —
Anglo-C»1... 68'/i — London&SF. — SO
Bank of Ca1.. 230 232 iMerch Ex.... la —
CaISD&TCo.. 67 62 {Nevada.. .. — _
FirstNatlonl.l7s IVBV2 father B Co- — —
Grangers.... — — I
SAVINGS BANK STOCK*.
GerSJtLCo.I42S — " ;Hnv t t Ijoan.. — 150
HumbßiL.looo — Security 210 2!>o
Mutual .. 36 ■ 41 y 2 ! Union Trust. — 820
i bFsavUnlon — 490 "j
BTREF.T RAILROAD STOCKS.
California... - Oak.SL&Hay — 100
Geary-st 60 70 1-residio 5 —
Mark.e;.-5t.... 4-ii/ 8 4 13/ a Sutier-st — —
■ - CulVUr.ii STIICXi
Atlantic D... I*s — Judson.... .. -.•'--'— ;'r'
California.... — 83, iVigont ... — 1
Giant. — 19 I .
MIfCELLANKOUS BTOCK!*.
Alaska Pkrs. 97 99 OceanlcSSCo 17% 20Va
BlkDCoalCa — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCoiMills.. — — il'ac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDocfc — — Pac I Co. — 30
Edison Light. 86% 971,4 Pac Bo!! Mill 22 —
! GasConAssn. — — |ParfPaintCo. 6 7%
i HawC&sco.. - 8 PacTrausCa — 26
HutchSPCo.. 12" 8 ISVsPacTATCo 55 —
JudsonMfgC. — — HunsetT&l'.. 40 —
MerExAssnlOO 110 'United U Co.. — 25
HORNIXa SESSION.
Board-16 California-st R R 105%: 50 Edison
Light it Power Co, 97; 6 S FGaslight, 715.«; 1 do,
71i^: 10 S V Water, 96%; 10 do, 96%; 5 do,
96%; $2000 S V 6% Bonds, i 20%. •
Street— ls Bank of California. 230; 100 Hawai
ian Commercial. 8; 100 Marsei-sl Railway. 44 1 a:
100 Oakland Gas, 5L ' •
i EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J. J. Ra'pr to Jnlea Bauer, lot on X line of Kills
street, 165 W of Gouirh, W 55 by X 137:6; gift.
■ Jacob and Mary Bobbelaar to D. C. Kane, lot on
X line of Hermann street, 197:6 E of Webster, X
25 by 137:6: $10.
Solomon and Annie E. Sweet to Edward Salz,
lot on S line of Broadway, 109:6 \V of Buchanan,
W2Bby S 132:7: $10. "
Ella E. Johnson to Oust-av L. Bre>->se, lot on E
line of Devi>,adero -street, 74:9 X of Waller, X 25
by E 106:3; $10.
Charles I. and Tina Hinkel to same. SE corner
property conveyed by James E.Johnson to Ella
E. Johuson, 1425 d 228, 74:9 X Waller street, X
25 by EH:3; $1.
Catherine C. C. Amedee to August G. Wiesmann,
lot on X line of Sycamore avenue, 1-6 E ot Valen
cia street, E 26 by N 100; $10.
Thomas McLaii^hlin to Catherine McLaujrhlin,
lot on SWline of Hitch street, 175 XW of Bran
nan, XW 25 by SW 75; gran:.
James W. and Hilda H. Hoot to Ellie Rehr
bacher, lot on W line of Twenty-third avenue, 150
If of California street, >' 50 by W 120: $10.
Lambert Hay man to Esther Hayman, lot on E
Hue of Fourth avenue, 175 X of Point Lobos, N 25
by E 120; gift.
John ana Ada M. Hinkel to Jeanne Etcheber. lot
on W line of Twenty-fifth avenue, 125 N ofClul
(Point Lolos), X 50. W 125, S 9V2 deg., E 50, E
122:9; $10.
Homestead Union to Thomas Hodge, lot on W
line of Twenty-tilth avenue, 150 S of Point Lobos,
B 50, \V 78:10, X 50. E 84: $10.
Helen M. Thompson, Annie L. Goldsmith, Abbie
J. Hunter, Lizzie C. Lefavor and Women's Real
Estate and Investment Company (by Leander
Shores, Commissioner), to George R. Williams, lot
on W line of Forty-seventh avenue, 100 S of I
street, S 75 by \V 120; $350.
AI.AMKDA COPXTT.
John F. Smith to Anna E. Smith, lot on X line of
Channlng way, 108 E of Seventh street, JS 6-1 by X
100, portion of lots 17 and 18, block 124, Corrected
-Map of Raymond Tract, BerKeley; gift.
T. J. and H ,C. Carroll et al. (by Commissioner), to
Equity B. and L. Association, lot on X line of Park
street or Thirty-fifth, 677 ;6 E of >an Pablo avenue,
E 25 by N 112, lot 4, Mitchell Tr-ct, Map 2, Oak
land; $2018. .* :
U. B. and Laura A. Pinney to J. E. Prewett. lot,
on KW line of Fourth avenue, 25 SW" of East
Ninth street. SW 25 by XW 75, portion lot 2, block
5, rcsubdi vision of blocks 4 and 5, Clinton, East
Oakland; $2750.
J. and E. W. Mattingley (by Commissioner), to
Equity B. and L. Association, lot on S line of
Thirty-seventh street, 375 W of Market, W 40 by
S 100, beinsr the W 40 feet of lot 9, block B. Mrs.
M. J. Evoy's property, Oakland Township; $682.
Ann F. Germain to Joseph H. Vlllalobo.", lot on
S line of Stanley street, 160 W of Paradise, W 40,
S 92.30, a. 40," NT 92.69 to beginning, Germain
Tract, Oakland Township; $500.
Victor H. MetcaH to Sarah E. Armes, lot on NW
corner of Dwight way and Waring street, X 160,
W 218, S 164.8, E 162.50 to beginning' lot 11,
block B, Berkeley Property Tract, quitclaim deed,
Berkeley; $10.
George E. Plummer et al. to Sadie B. Stanley,
wife of Samuel B. Stanley, lot on N W corner of
Fulton and Stuart streets, W 80 by X 134.6,
! lots 35, 36, resubdivislon block D, Blake Tract, to
I correct 412, deeds 474, Berkeley; $10.
Charles E. and M. L. Palmer to Fred B. Halsht,
lots 6, 7 and 8, block M, Amended Map Of Moss
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
M. E. Martin to same, same, quitclaim deed; 91.
John Obenauer to Elizabeth G. Fowler ( wife of
G. C), lot on N line of Central avenue, 205 £ of
Benton street, E 50 by X 150, quitclaim deed, Ala
uaeda; $5.
Gilbert a and Elizabeth G. Fowler to A. J. Sam
uel, same; $10.
Austide Brand to Luclen Brand, lot on NE corner
of Grove and Elm (or Twenty-fourth) streets, X
135 by E 9;-!, portion of lots 30 to 33, block O, Kel
sey Tract, Oakland: also lot on S line of Lincoln
avenue, 97:3 E of Park street, E 100 by 8 125, lots
7 and 9, block B, Alameda Station Homestead
Tract, Alameda; $10.
Sam* to same, lot on S corner of East Twelfth
street and Twenty-fourth avenue, SE 75 by SW
150, lots 4. 5, 6, block 3, Kennedy Tract, East Oak
land; $2000.
D. FOKevno and A. Tamaeno (by Sheriff) to E.
Martinoni, lots 53, 54 and 65, block C, V. Peralta
Reservation Tract, Oakland Township; $400.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Emma C.
Wlgg, lot commencing at stake 17 in the-center of
Panoramic way, thence XE 192 to center of
Panoramic way, thence SE 50 to a paint at XE
corner of lamia" of M. J. Wigg, thence SW 200 to
center of Panoramic way. thence X\V 50 to be
ginning,'portion of lot 11, University Terrace, ex
cept that portion of Panoramic way used for pub
lic highway, Berkeley; $5.
H. C. Morris to same, lot on E line of Olive
street, 140 X of Mountain Vlewavenue, X 119:4,
E 160, S 119:6, W 150 to beginning;, being lots 1,
2 and 3. block 27, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $10. : . ' i'-
Joseph Vasquez to Mary I. ConneU, lot 23, block
B, Fitch Tract, Alameda; $10.
Builder's Contract.
E. R. LiHenthal.with Riley it Doane, to erect a
4-story buildins a* E line of Steuart street, 137:6
X of Mission: $14,443.
• — — •
tHE CALX CALEXDAB.
;M. ! Tu. W. Th. Ir. Sa. _
i , : Moon's Phase*.
1 2 S 4 -^— ————— ——____.
1113 3 4 i (7**\La«t Quarter.
•7*M._«t Quarter.
— — ■ ' '4-' January 7.
• 7 I 8 9 10 ill — — — -— —
g& N_-# Moon.
— J4.
13 14 116 | 16 17 i 18 I
3 First Quartet
January 22.
20 .21 ; 22 23 3- ;25 ! —
I ' fi,\_ Full Moon.
! iVEV January 30.
27 128 29 30 : 31 I
OCiAS STKAMJKRS.
Dates of Departure irom San Francisco.
STEAMER. | DK-STIXATIOX j
SAILS.
| PIER.
Araco ! Coos Day i Jan 19.10 am Pier lit
Columbia... I Portland ! Jan 19.10 am Pier 24
Homer Coos Bay Jan 20. 6pm Oceanic
CliyPanama Panama Jan 20.12 if P M. _ _
City Sydney Panama Jan 20,12 m P 31 S S
Del Norte Grays Harbor. > an 20. 3pm -..
Eureka .Newport j Jan 20, Bam Pier 11
CityPuebla.. , Vie & Pitt _nd .lan'JO. 9am Pier 9
.aralion ' i an ulna Bay.. Jan 21.10 am ' Pier 2
Point J_oma. Grays Harbor, Jan 21.12 M Pier 2
Australia.... Honolulu Jan21.10..M Oceanic
Pomona ; Humboldt Bay Jan 22. _r_ : P:er9
Santa Bosa.. .an 1f1ee0....". 'Jan 22.11 am Pier 11
"State of CSil P0rt1and....... Jan 24.10 am i Pier 24
Pt Paul Newport Jan 24. Bam Pier 11
Walla Walla Vie * Pgt Snd Jan 25. 9am Pier 9
Wlllamt Val { Mexico... jjan 25.10 am Pier 11
Corona .an Diego Jan26.llAM ; Pier 11
STI:AMKI'.i TO AKRIVK.
Steamer I
— uraer
Point _0m_..... '■■
Del Norte !
.Empire...: '
Parallel
Areata
Santa Kosa.
State of Cal
Walla Wa11a....
Pomona. i
Crescent City... i
Coptic !
EtPaui |
South Coast !
Allc-Blancnard
Corona
National City...
San Bias
Araro i
Washtenaw ....
Columbia.. !
.Eureka. I
Umatilla
North F0ri.. . ...
; Coos Bay
■ Grays Harbor
Grays Harbor
Portland
, Yaauina .Bay
Coos Bar
San Diego..
Portland
] Victoria <_ Puget Sound
| Humboldt Bay
I Crescent City.. I
China and Jaoan
' Newport. ,
' Portland i
; Portland
Sun Dieeo '
Humboldt '
Panama. j
Coos Bar ..... j
Panama
Portland
Newport j
! •.'ictoria <_ Puget Sound
Humboldt Bar <
..Jan IS
..Jan 19
..Jan 19
..Jan 19
..Jan 20
..Jan 20
..Jan .0
..Jan 31
..Jan 21
..Jan 21
! ..Jan 22
..Jan 22
. .J. in 22
..Jan 22
..Jan 24
..Jan 24
..Jan 24
i ..Jan 25
j ..Jan 25
j ..Jan 25
! ..Jan 26
..Jan 28
..Jan 26
..Jau 37
SL">" AND TIDE TABLE.
'ATKK.I
IB
3
'__rge. (Small. Small. Large. His
3.28a| 2.23 a 900 a' 8.44r| 7.'
3.54 a! ______ 9.5-'». -.OB" 7.1
s.l*)lo.i.**A
f1.2011.11A
19.
20.
HYDKOGKAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Htdrographic Office., V. 3. IT. "i
Merchants' Exchange. S-
San Francisco, January 18. 189 ft. )
The fame ball on Telegrapn Hill was not
dropped to-day on account of wires being down.
• A. F. K'-."iITKI.Vk.
Lieutenant IT. S. .v.. in charge. '
SHIPPIMi INTJEI^XOiI^NCJi.
Arri vert.
SATURDAY. January 18.
Stmr Arago, Reed. 56 hours from Coos Bay; pass
and mdse. to Oregon Coal and Nay Co. "
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 10 hours from Albion;
7165 railroad ties, to I E Thayer. ?■ - .
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 75 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse. to Goodail, Perkins
&Co.
Stmr Willamette, Cushman, 4 days from Depart
ure Bay; 2350 tons coal, to Oregon Imp Co.
■ i-'-';- Cleared.
SATURDAY, January 18.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, San Pedro; Goodail, Per
kins & Co. - . - - .:.... - ...^ ...,.;._„
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanalmo; Duns
muir & Co. '.-•-;' .. « •
Stmr Peru, Friele, Hongkong and Yokohama-
P M S B Co.  •:
St mr Pomona, Doran, Eureka: Goodail, Perkins
A Co.
Stmr City of Pnebla, Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodail, Perkins <fc Co. .
Stmr Corona, Hall, San Diego; Goodail, Perkins
<fc Co. •■• ■'■ •: . ' .. -
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria; Oregon Railway
and .\av Co. -i , ,
Br ship Falls of Clyde, Title, Hull; Eppinger <fc
Co.
Br ship Celtic Bard, Jones, London: G W Mc-
Near. '
Bktn Planter, Dow, Honolulu; , Williams, Dl
mond & Co. -
Sailed.
SATURDAY, January 18.
Stmr Corona, Hall, San Diego.
Stmr Tillamook, Hansen.
stmr Peru, Friele. Yokohama and Hongkong.
Stmr Pomona. Doran; Eureka. ".:;.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, Mendocino,
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz. '.'
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— January 18-10 rtt.— Weather
cloudy; wind S: velocity 8 miles...
■ SpoKen. ; . ■'
Dec 19— Lat 2 S, long 31 W, Br ship Sierra Ne
vada, hence Sept 13. for Plymouth.
Dec 22— Lac 18 8. long 36 W, Br bark Fern bank,
from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles.
Memorandum. ,
Per Arago— Arena Harbor bell buoy adrift,
rive miles NNE of Point Arena.
Domestic Ports.
EUREKA- Arrived Jan 18— Stmr National City,
hence Jan 17.
- ASTORIA— Jan 18— ship Kirkcud
brightshire, from Newcastle, N»W,
ÜBAYS HARBOK— Arrived Jan 18— Sehr Maid
of Orleans, hence Jan 5: schr Onillie Fjord, hence
Jan 5. £%". \
■^C Foreien Port*. ! ■*. .-trV.
. NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Jan 16-Br ship
Lucipara. for San Francisco; Haw stmr Kahulu i
for Honolulu.
Importation*.
MONTEREY— Per Eureka— 6s b.\s apples.
San Simeon— "9 bxs butter, 4cs eggs, 1 dressed
calf, 4 i)k)irs mdse. ■ •
Santa Barbara— 3 bxs jelly, 50 bxs lemons, 1 pkg
mdse.
Gaviota— 9s sks, corn. 40 sks dried peaches, 23
sks crawfish, " pkgs mdse.
cayucos— s cs eggs, 40 bxs butter, 14 dressed
calves.
Ventura— s7 bxs lemons, 313 bxs oranges, 148
sks beans.- 16 pkes mdse, 4 cs eggs.
Port Harford -'22 bxs butter, 3 bxs fish. "08 sks
bones. 18% <-s eg-s, Si bdls hides. 2 bdls pelts. 4
bbls tallow, 26 pkgs mdse.
Hueneme— 8 pkgs mdse. 2 bdls pelts.
Los Angeles via San Pedro— 9 pkgs mdse, 1 bx
oranges.
East San Pedro— s7 bxs oranges,' ]bx sponge.
San Pedro— l coil rope, 1 bx oranges.
Newport— 111 bxs oranges, 21 bxs lemons, 198
sks corn.
COOS BAY— Per Arago— potatoes, 2400 cs
salmon, 80 bxs apples, 9 bdls green hides, 1 pkc
valises, 4 pkgs express, 4 bxs trees, 14 sks bark, 2
sks coin, 700 tons coai.
Consignees.
Per Arago— H Dutard: M P Detels; O C X Co-
Wells, Fargo it Co; W B Sumner A. Co: Jacobson
& Lobree; PXV Smith ; Quartermaster, US A.
. Per Eureka— Gray & Barbieri: Getz Bros * Co;
Langley & Michaels; Bruce, Bowen <fe Co: Thomas
Moran: Norton. Teller & Co; G Sansruinettl: Im
mel & Co: C Carpy & Co; Cal & Xcv Creamery Co;
Standard Oil Co: Field & stone. J>alton Bros; ('A
Parkin: Wood, Curtis & Co; D^ Martini & Co; Cal
Neckwear Co: Holbrook. Merrill & Stetson; C H
Meyer & Co; M Kalish <fc Co: J X Armsby «fc Co: M
Franklin: L Scatena ,fe Co; J H Cain <fc Co; Labor
Exchange; McDonough it Runyon : DBia«i<feCo;
11 Dutard; C E Whitney & Co; Dairymen's Union;
Dodge Sweeney A Co: Wheaton. Breon it Co; F
Blodseu: Witzel & BaKer; Hills Bros; Wm Cline;
Smith's Cash Store: Bisslnger & Co; Page & Sons;
Briaham, Hoppe&Co; Kowalsky&Co: Miller.
Bios* & Scott: Cof-hill <fe Kobn: A Levy <fc Co; M C
Dotner; J Ivancovich & Co; Baker it Hamilton; W
A Rouse & Co; A Paladini: O Camiliont & Co; A
Wyss: American Union Fish Co; L D Stone & Co-
O B Smith Co: Ross Hewlett: Kowalsky&Co;
Hilmer. Bredhoff & Hchnlz; H Kirchmann & Co:
Marshall, Teggart & Co; Hammond & Brod; f L'ri
& Co; Chicago Brewery.
For Lett* Shipping Intelligence See Twelfth Pag*.
msm* OFFICE FURNITURE
P AND FIXTURES.
AND FIXTURES.
L(feHlS C. F. WEBER & co.,
300 to 306 Post St.i cor. Stockton
4^g=ggj^j=is^ OFFICE and ■"»
.:..,; Jirsi TYPEWRITER, JES
IftLilZil-JS W. O. JtAKK;, SI
'"" *^!ii.i— 4 157 New Montgomery T^"
Two in One. Street, S. F. *3
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COSIPAM
CUT RATES
TO , ■ . • '
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class 80.00
Second Class i&3 OO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
- QOOBALL, PERKINS* CO.,
General Agents.
O. R.- o _c&3 IST.
ASTORIA AffPOfflAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont- {
gomery street.
Columbia sails January 19
State of California sails January 24
GOODALL, PERKINS <fe CO., Genl. Supts.
R P. I'OS.NOR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIP.UI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A«.
Broadway wharf, Han Francisco, as anK
follows: /
For Mary Island, Loring, Wranjjel. Jnneau. Kll-
lisnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 15, 30,
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. CO. Port Town-
■end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whaicom (Bellingnam Bay. Wash.), 9 a. if. I
Jan. 5, 10. 15, 20, 26, 30, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. JR.. at Tacoma with N. P. K. R.
at Seattle with U. K. Ky., at Pore Townaend with
Alaska steamer*.
For Kureka, Arcata aad Fields Landing (Ham-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 P. m., Jan. a, 6, 10, 14,
18, 22, 26, SO, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa !
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro. East San :
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Jan.
4. 8. 12, 16, 20, 21, '28, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M., Jan. 2. 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every
fourth day thereafter. .
For Ensenada, San Jos* del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Ouaymas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 26th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, A. New Montgomery
street.
UOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gent Agents.
.„.;-./ 10 Market at.. San Francisco.
OCEASIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
ijismlHi iih Coolgardie gold fields ;
jll&rTfO ~*Bh (Freemantle). Austra- i
lia: $220 tirst class, ;
Mgr?' nOfg^ I ,|rj» $110 steerage. Lowest 1
i*OT^i*^s^^L . rates to Capetown,
J^^\T^^, South Africa.
s^Lw/ ' ir^»i» vttk Stoamshlp Australia,
■■V/ LA <r \QA Honolulu only, I ,i-s-
M VJ^sUrf*!^^ day, January 21, at 10
lE^v SSEaF ISO Australian steamer,
/J^r MAi;i J'">A, salU via
Honolulu ami Auck-
land, l 'hursday, >eb.
'^•IkSaSsT^^^ ti ,i ■- p. a-
BrzciAi. Parties.— Reduced special rates for ;
parties Feb. 6 and 15. 18»&
Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
.;-■.• * Freight office, 327 Market street. ■
J. D. SPRECKKLa &. BROS., General Agents.
COBPAGifIEGEJERAIETRIISATLAXTIQUE
French Line to Havre.
pOMPANY'S PIER <NE\V),42 NORTH Atf<-
\J River, foot of Morton at. Travelers by ■SS&DjL
this line avoid both transit by English railway aud
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small j
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, !
first-class $160: second class, $116.
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe
January 11 _.
LA OASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
. ~ January 18,
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. Polrot,
.; ."..... Jannary 25,
LA BOTJRGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
February 1 .
J6ST For further particulars apply to
A. FOBOET, Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New Vorlc.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery, i
avenue, San Francisco.
white ma LEE.
Onlted States and Eojal Mall Steamers
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILIT-fti EVERY WEEK.
pABIN.^GO AND UPWARD, ACCORD- «,.-■>
\J (nit to steamer ami »ccom]nodf.t;oria «£^Mu?a i
•elec:»ri; second cabin. * 35 and K4O; MajbstVcTSTj ;
Teuton c »86. Steer» E c Tickets from England Ire- <
land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway "and Denmark
through to ban Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets
sailing dates and cabin plans may be nrocurwi
from W. If. AVERY. Pacific M^lDoct. or at the \
Genera office ,ol the Company. 613 Market street
nader Craad Hotel. , o. W. FLETCHER.
. ,'•■ ■ General Agent lor Pacific Coast.
royal MAII STEAMJACIET cojipaxi. |
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL am.
fortnightly . for the West Indies and &ES&&
Southampton, ( calling en rout« at Cerbourshi i
. France, and Plymouth to land passengers. •
' Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
can, «97 M. For further particulars apply to
■ ■■ .:,-,, ■ :;■> VABttOTT & CO., Agents,
SO6 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 6 P. 31. Daily, Except Sunday.
ear Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEADIER,;
T. C. Walker. • ;J. D. Peters.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
1 Xelej2hj3afi.Malß 805, C>L Nay. and Imnt. Ca.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
LOW RATES BY RAIL
TO
SUNDAY .'. JANUARY 19,
And Every Fifth I>»y Thereafter.
- Leave -from S. p. Co. '3 Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8:00 p. sc. •;
A"J C Il ? cludin » Berth in Pullman Tourist
0 1 iGU Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, inelndine'bercb in C»l X.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper, -*-" •
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
Through Tickets for I'uget Sound
i Points on S:il«« at ':.-,( ...-.-.I Hates.
For further information apply at
t>l3 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotti
Ticket Office). San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN;
Gen. TraiHc Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt
SOtTHKHS PACIFIC CO2H»AJrr.
(PACIFIC bVMSM.)
Trrtlxt leare nad nr« tine to arrlre »i
SAX I'KA.X'I.SCO.
liavb — From November 20, 1835. — Ar.r.ivi
. 6:30 a Haywards, Nilea and Way Stations.. 10:13 a
7*<>Oa Atlantic; Impress, O;<len and Kas*.. 8:43»
7:00 a Kenicia. VacaTille. KQicscy. Sacra-
mento, and Bedding via Davi3.. .. 7:19r
7:30 a Martinez. San Ramon. Nana, Calis-
toga and Santa liosi , 6:13»
•jlßANilts, fiau Jose, btocktou, lone.
- Sacramento, MarjSTii!^. lleil J.lutl
autl Sundays excepted OroTille.... 4:lBp
•8:30\ Peters and Milton *7:13r
9:OO\ San Leandro, Hay-rardit Wr.ySfns 11:43 a
9:OUa Los Angc!c3 Express, Hayiaond,
(for Yoscmitc), Santa Barbara
and Los Au Kelts 4:43r
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:45 a
1(I:UOa Ban Lcaodro, Hiywirda and Riles.. 1: 15p
liiiOOii San Leandro, Ilaytrirda & Way St'ns 2:4-1r
ltOOpNilcs, San Jose and Livermorc S:43a
•l:00p Sacramento Kiver Steamers *D:OOp
tl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stition3 t~:43*
3:OOp San L?anuro. Hayvrardsi: Way St'ns 5:43p
4:OOp San I.eandro. Ilaywirus & Way Kt'ca 6:43r
4:ooi' Martinez, San Ramon. Yallejo,
Nap.i, ("alistogi, LI Vcrano and
fianU Uosa *»iISA
«•«#-• EtiJcla, Esparto, Woodland. .".••.
■> Knights Landing, MorysTille,
OroTille and Sacramento 1 6:43 a
4tS*p Kiles, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:18*
5:00p San Le*ndro, Hayward3*V/ay St'ns 8:43»
8:30p New Orleans Kxprezs.rresuo.Bakcrs-
field. Santa l!arbara,Los Angeles,
Demine, El Paso, Zsw Orleans and
East 1«:43a
3:30p Santa Vo Koute, Atlautio Express
for Mojavo ami East 10:43 a
«:OOp European Mail, Ogilcu «\nd East.... fI:4SA
6:«OpHaynar<la, Miles and .lose 7:43 a
:7:O«pVollcjo 1 7: 13p
7:OUp Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys*
-fille. Uetiainß. Portland. I'uget
Sound ami Ea-t lU:43a
7:00p San Leandro, Haywardjt Way St'ns lO:3Op
»:00p SanLcandro,najwardsi\VayStns Ul&Hi
U10:93p "Sunset U.ailtcd," Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East |I'Sl43f
ttHtiarßanLeandro.Haywarda&WaTSfas 7:13 a
SASTA CIMZ DITISION fNarroTT G.tnge).
■ :lOa Newark. Centervilk'.Siin.lnae .Fettou,
Bonlder Creek, Santa Cruz aud Way
Stations 3tS*|
•»:15p Newark. Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Patton, Boulder Cr ck,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "11:204
4:13p Nowark. San Josa and Los Catos.... 9:S9a
t11:43p Hunters" Excursion. Kan Jose and
W»y Stations 1 \7i29r
t'»AST DIVISION i lliir.l A. TouiiM'iiil Sl*.)
«:45a San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wedcesdays only), 1:43r
•iISA.Sau Jose, Tres Piuos, Kutita Cruz,
Pacilic Orove. Paso Itoblcr, Sau
Luis Oblspo, GuadalupoaiiilPrin-
cipal Way Stations 7:05 r
10:40 a Sail Jose and Way Stations 3:»0p
11:43 a Palo Alto autl Wny Stations 3:3*1
' *2:30p San Jose, Gilrny. Tres Finos, .Sauta
. ■ Cruz, Salinas.Monterey and Pacific
Grova. «IO:4«»a
•3::t«p San Jose Principal Way Stations 0:47 a
•4:3oi>San Jose ami Way Stations •«:Ooa,
' 3:30r Sau.Toaeaii.l Way Stations *S:IBa
«::sOp San Jose ami Way Stations 6:113 a
•HI :45p San Jose mid Way Stations -t?:43»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SA.H mKCISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00*. M. 1,1:03 •2:00 t3:M
•4:00 .. ti:00 •6:Cop.m.
From OilUHß— Foot of BroJdwtj.— *6:00 800
10:00 a.m. 12:00 '1:00 JS:OO *3:CO Jl.-Ot
. •5:00 p.M. -
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
• Sundays executed. 1 Saturdays only.
1 Sundays only
tJ Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
HTuesday?. and Saturdays 6 Sundays and Thursdays^
SAS FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
S CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 9:20, 11:00 a. it; 13-S1
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays-Extra trl»
and 11 -30* M Baturd *- Extra trips at 1:59
6DXDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30. 3:3<l
6:00, 6:20 p. M. *
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55. 9:30, 11-10 A mi
12:45 3:40, 6:10 p. if. Saturdays-Extra trips'
at 1:65 p. m. and 6:35 P. x.
8U^!oO. Y 6i25 8 pl o ii. 9:4 °' 11:1 ° A - lt: 1:40< 3: **
, Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park bum
schedule as above.
• Leave in pffprt Arrive
San Francisco. Qct? 28. San Fr »ncls<».
■ Wm I Sex- D C , 1 t ? ] ?if:, on Scsr- l^jf
Days. | pati. "eitlnation. DaYS | Day^
7:40 am. 8:00 am I Novato, 10:40 am! 8:50 am
S :3O pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:S0 ah
6:10 pm , 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:30 pm 6:18 PM
Fulton.
1 :40 am Windsor, . 10:30 am
Healdsburg,
Oeyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am I Cloverdal». 7:30 fm 6:15 n
j Pleta, j I ~~~
7:40 am! Hopland &
i 8:00 am Ufclah. I 7:30 PMi 6:15 PM
7:40 am < : 10:30 am
(8:00 am GuerneTUle. 7:30 »m
8:30 pmJ j . . I 6:15 pm
: 7:40 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 10:40 «.« 8:50 aM
! 6:10 pm 5:00 PM and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
i j | Glen Ellen. j ■
: 7:40 am 8:00 am; 8 . h f1.-itonoi 10:40 am 10:30 am
! 8:30 pm 6:00 pm| H * Dastopol> | 6.06 pm | 6:lspm
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bolinas.
: Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers. .
Stapes connect at Pleta tor Highland Sprint*
Kelseyvlll*. Lakeport.
Stages connect at TTfclah for Vichy Springs, Bla«
l*ites, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Green-
wood, Meßdoclno City. Fort Brag)?, .Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Wllletts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Jos*
Day's, Liv«ly's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, acoust
and Eureica. ' '- . - ' • ■ • .
- Saturday to Monday round-trip ttckttsat redac««
"o" Sundays round-trip ticket* » all PQlata k»
yond San Rafael at half rats*.
I Tlckat Offices. 650 Market at., Chronicle buildlna,
B. a WHITING. R. X. BT AIT,
■* Gen. Manager. 3 Gen. Pass. Ag sab
W^Jt^K Trains leave from and arrive
♦gpgatggsguT^ * aiarliet-btreet Ferrj.
j SANTA FE EXPRESS
j To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Lin-
¥2E£&£Z£ 3 To 3 U r^^,e C e a p r ers n fo P JSSS
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-cars,
nnder Harvey a man» enient. Connecting trains
I leave San Francisco at 9a. m. and S :3O "1 m. daily
! The best railway from California to the East.
New railg, Be T ties; no dl -st: lnterestlnir scenery;
; and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dims*-
Ticket Oflic«-644 Market Street,
: Chroaiele Building.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
. (Via Sausalito Ferry).
• rum San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1894.
WEEKDAYS.
I For Mill Valley and San Rafael-7:30, 9-15, 11*01
. M.: 1:45, 3:45 6:15, 6:30 p.m.
: San Quen::n-7 :30, 9 :16 a. M. : 1 :4», 6:16 9. M.
! Extra trips for tian Kau. i on Mondays, Wedn«m»
days cud Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
-.]; ■-: SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rafael and San Quentln—
8:00. 10:00, 11:80 a. m.: 1:30. 3:00, »6:ll
T. M. *XK>es not run to San Quennn.
THROUGH TRAINS.
i 7:30 a. M. weekdays— Cazadero and way station*
1:45 p. M. Saturdays— Tomales and way stailoo*
>a(IA. M. Sunday— Point Reyaa ana wajrwallffns>
YALLEJO AM MARE ISLAND.
STB. MONTICEIXO,
Billy, except Sunday— lo a. a. 4«. m,
tHiaday-8 p. m. * ■ -
: . t»n U lns:, Mission 1. ritT f«
2728
I WHAT BROUGHT OUT THE PEOPLE ? I
I O Why were we buzzing with business O 1
| • during the rainy days? T 1
I ?vv i
• • •
I We Answer |
I THE THE THE I
| QUALITY PRICES CONFIDENCE §
% OF ■'.".. OF IN 1
I ODR CLEARANCE LINES. . ___JjJALE GOODS. OUR NEWSPAPER STATEMENTS. |
I dress GpoDS,|f§ NMONS.,i™S ■ ÜBft£3ggKß . M"*ens. l^lft! furnishings, SS ?
V son's selling The special lots mentioned com- in the department we call Notions are the most heen offered 'i'n* ?M« ,t i all , I<s ™^,i^V S tic stocks and Linens have been moved. We in- made before. No woman who cares to save money £%
J\ prise the majority of our reliable flrst-class si ocks. w complete and satisfactory to the average wants of _ keeoe?s- imrvi«r y< "'s a regular hotel- . vite you to inspect our new addition. can afford to mi the items we quote from this V
\f Not an undesirable yard among them. In some fj any in the city. We do not hesitate to say that If 8l W w department. Never such a rich collection. Never M\
cases we have cv the price in half. They are the ■ during the cominß week our prices are positively H nx-DTr.,^r.« 1 H such values. if ■'
%M best values we ever knew in goods of these grades. W • the lowest in San Francisco. ft BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, Irish Linen, w TABLE DAMASK, 60 inches wide, nn- OJ^C H ■ ■ £±
JL H j ' H . extra weave, good assortment of new patterns. a bleached, ail linen, heavy quality. OO l| CHIT nEF\'<! nn<?K »n n-nnim.hm.™ \r>
/> reseda, navy, garnet, etc., worth ?1 25 Yard H wide Yard H dozen. "psim to maicn, »< ana »o — ay 3 yards guaranteed fast colors, OO •»■ jr..
H .-••. __^__ • a 8 hemmed, a neat cloth and always clean Each H ».w. Ci
/% FANCY GBOS PE LONDRE SILK, ex- vavt-v ctt v nun - a i r, UNBLEACHED TABLE DAM\SK Irish Linen I LA P I^ S HOSE, extra quality. Herms- IQC
ira heavy quality, fancy three-toned ffl» 1 .00 FA>CY SILK GIMP, assorted colors, QC heavy qualily the serviceable khld "or hotels 1 dorffdye, high-spliced heels, etc., LU A.
«*— eftecis, in small figured designs, 20^1 ■ *■ « rf to 1 inch wide, value 25c a yard... J JL and rostaurants. A -^ . Jg^ were 25c .' Pair —^,
Inches wide, a special sale price Yard ' * ard 56 Inches 25c yard DOmeSIICS. ' ' IS'
SI FANCY BROCHE SILK, extra heavy OP 1.00 m T BLACK RIBBON FRINGE all Bilk IAC m T «2 inches ' 50c va?d ~m. "W ■ " — - GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS, cambric, IAC
•- grade -.swell comb nations, all staple «D>l— IV from 4 to 10 inches wide rvalue 6oc' to jO I^. 1 08 ii ches 76c yard I^T 1^ T fancy hemstitched colored border, nar^ IV —
~Z colon. 20 incnes wide, value f 1 88.... Yard I I 75c a yard Yard S^i : 'scyard f^' I UNBLEACHED MUSLIN, 36 Inches CC W%> I row or wide hem, were «2 dozen.. Each - r^
5= FANCY BROCHE STRII-E SILK, good -OO I * ..~~»«... I BLEACHED NAPKINS, % size, fine Irish Linen, i%| wide, extra heavy quality, value 8y 3 C O l^i .
fc >"« ' 'J± •- V"d |^ closed out, worth .oca^ard , ard J^ 16.M.":. 1 :?! JiSSTn S"««0 ,* 00 do.en i_\ SHEETS. 8!x 90 Inches, bleached, hem- .AC £_, Sig i «^M I iS 1 li"' « 50° 3
PANXY BLACK MOHAIR SUITINGS, CQC .. COWEED BEADED <iI.MP • y.rl.W ot Tno \^ llil" IIS SS™" "8*1! 'H'""? MkM jood gr.de.' .UgMly .oiled, 00 -"-^ IS™. "«.1"'"...*.'.."5'..?..^.' Eml,
•- season for 75c a yard, 45 inches wide Yard JK J a yard . ««v ... I^. w _„„„ m^,.r^ TD  m « __ __ r*S
FANCY SILK AND W^Tl SWIVEL, IVI — IX I -ave™'^^ ° tel Towel, hemmed, fine j^l GRAY BLANKETS. 10-4. size, value CR", .OO Ik I "Sffi^SffSfc "«* sateen rut- Of^C =S
i: small bright-colored silk dots on fancy ffl.l .OO I ■%■ JET AIGRETTES-See our showcase Q'C I 18x33 $1 25 dozen IXI »1 50. good and warm for these days.. «S)X I^l fle own front, 75c quality, fashion- OO ~^t
*T~ dark wound, sold all season for $1 25^1- ■ for display, for hut trimmings, very JL O | 20x40.... V;™v'-*'.;;'.".v'".'.'.* 15c each I •• Each I Each rS
a yard, 42 inches wide. Yard * special ."./ * Each Mb 21x41 M::".::::::::::: :::::: 20c each A » _ 1 ■ 12
c »«^iaK%ff.!?!rr!rr* J T= o G0 — sMuss 25«- ■o ■ i«-.rh". t f:.... c — I*■■1 *■■ — ~ O -ass^-^si^ O "Saßo-S"-- f£:
$150, 45 inches wide Yard from 50c a yard Yard 16-Inch BV3C yard I 17-inch 12y 3 c yard itefcT L/ fet-nerous cue Kach -^
SZ VRKM-ir \O\TITY"si : lT[\c hI ht -. r A ^^% 17-inch 10c yard | 20-inch 15c yard • • ' =5
E color effects, sold allae^aoB for" Id W PILLOW SHAMS hemstitched, faucy 25° H UCK TOWEXJ»G~I7~toche« wide 12J° O, COMFOP.TERB, Eiderdown, full Bi«e, ©Q. 75 O CHILDREN'S VESTS, natural gray 15° 12
40 tnche. wide .' Yard stamped, 2 , mches square J.O "'dLlelve, hJavJ- quality? f chance 12-° >a '" ess ««d white merino, odd Bizes, pant, to lO^
SILK AND WOOL NOVELTY SUIT- • ' ■ :hRCh for a year's supply . , H Yard & ° match Garment ---*»
**^- IVG 3-toned effect swivel figure on r~c „.._ . ■■■ ■■- •■ ■•/.■."- . . ■■ *
b S^S^SSsSr Is! ig GL^.^ R^veif 4 8 e^ sk i 2i c co^s. Kid : rdo^.^. 8 :-..^s7^ 00
iurd )ard ■ "i'ard Each $5 each, the lot to close... ' *Fa7h =S
fc: — -^>i^^stf-* •- E<kCh
I HAT F RPOS 937 ' 939, 94i, 943, 945 1
| 1 l/\l^rCf DI\UOoS /WAPK'Pf 3
INCORPORATED, lTlr\lvlVl-i 1 JIKCCI.
A NEW WATER
SUPPLY SOURCE,
Castroville Lakes to Yield
Eighty Million Gallons
a Day.
NATURAL FILTRATION.
Could Be Brought in Steel Pipes
at a Cost of Six and a
Half Millions.
-PURE AND INEXHAUSTIBLE."
Plans and Estimates for a System
That Might Solve the Water
Problem for All Time.
What bears on the lace of it the stamp
of the best and most practicable plan that
has ever been broached for supplying San
Francisco with a cheap, ample and pure
water supply is that which is now being
pushed forward by the men interested in
the Castroville lakes.
If all that these men claim for this pro
jected system be true — and the statements
appear to be such as can be readily proven
or disproven— then it seems a safe pre
diction that not only San Francisco, but
all the near-by cities and towns will
eventually be supplied with water, from
the Castro lakes system.
No definite financial plan has yet been
formed, but surveys, tests, measurements
and estimates have been made, and upon
these two of the gentlemen most inter
ested, Attorney M. E. Babb and Civil En-
gineer S. L. Hansborough, make the fol
lowing statements:
The lakes at Castroville cover an area of
over 3000 acres. Their average depth is
from thirty-five to 3-50 feet, and at all
seasons of the year they remain at about
the same level. They are fed from subter
ranean springs in the coast range, and the
water is of the very purest and most whole
some character. The early padres, in
their report to the King of Spain, set forth
that these lakes were the sink of Lake
Tulare, which is in itself one of the great
est catchment basins in the world. It is
known that although Lake Tulare has no
outlet to the ocean its banks are not over
flown in the rainy seasons, and tliat there
are many other indications which seem to
prove that Lake Tulare must have a sub
terranean outlet.
But whether the guesses of the early
padres that the waier in the Castroville
lakes comes all the way through the
mountains from Lake Tulare be right or
wrong certain it is, at all events, that the
Castroville lakes are fed by a more admir
able system of filtration than human in
genuity could devise. The lakes are about
four miles from the ocean and the Jand
immediately behind them begins to slope
tip to the foothills, which are fifteen miles
to the west. All or most of the sloping
| land above the lakes forms a great, white
gravel channel, through which the water
percolates from the mountains into the
lake. This gravel channel is several miles
in width, and one using a spade in it at
any poini readily brings to the surface a
stream of crystal purity.
Engineer Hanstorough was sent to the
region to search for a solid stream of :
water, which it was thought must pour
i cut of the mountains at some point in
• order to feed these great lakes at Castro
j ville. Instead of the solid stream gushing
j from the mountain-side or rushing down
I the gullies he found this great gravel
j channel. And he declares that he can
j convince the most skeptical by the most
casual or the most thorough examination
that this channel of line, white gravel
forms the most perfect filter in the world.
The region around these lakes is one of
those earliest settled, and the oldest in
habitant of the land, as well as the newest,
comer, lauds the purity of Castroville
lake water to the skies. The Hotel del
Monte used the water for years, before it
! put in its own pumping plant, and the in
habitants of Castroville ciaim to have
given the water, in all these years, a far
better test than the most perfect scientific
analysis could vouchsafe it. So much for
the lakes and the source of their supply
and the quality of the water. It is only
necessary to add that there are no cow
ranches near the lakes and no possible or
probable sources of contamination, either
at present or in the future.
Now, about the water system. Engi
neer Hansborough has located a solid
stream of water that runs from the lakes
to the ocean. This is called the Tembla
dera, and is a ravine eight feet deep and
twenty feet in average width, through
which there flows a steady stream equal to
thirty feet per second. At a point on this
channel, about 150 feet below the crossing
of the Southern Pacific's Monterey branch
railroad, Engineer Hansborough has lo
cated his site for pumping works. From
this point to the mouth of Lake Superior—
the largest of the Castroville group of
lakes — the distance is three-quarters of a
mile. And from this point, in the other
direction, the stream flows on down the
channel to the ocean, or rather to Monte
rey Bay, at a point about three miles from
Moss Landing.
Mr. Hansborough says that his experi
j ments at this point show a flow of 82,500,
--| 000 gallons in twenty- lour hours. These
measurements were taken at a time when
the lakos were at their lowest point, owing
Ito a long dry spell. When there is the
I ordinary rainfall each year, of course the
I How is considerably increased. Being im
pressed with the extraordinary advantages
of this stream and tne lakes which feed it
as forming the basis of a water system for
| Kan Francisco and the near-by cities the
following document was drawn up by At
torney Babb and d uly liled with the proper
j authorities. The document speaks its own
purpose and reads as follows:
NOTICE OF APPEOPKIATION" AND LOCATION.
Notice is hereby given that I, S. L. Hans
; borough, of the city and County of Han Fran
j Cisco, State of Caliiornia, a resident and house
| holder therein, have appropriated and do here
-1 by appropriate of the water here flowing in the
Tembladera Slough, at a point about 150 feet
i below the place where the Southern Pacific
I branch to Monterey crosses the said Tembladera
Slough, In the county of Monterey. State of
California, township 13 south, range 2 east
i Bolsa Nueya y Morocojo, M. D. B. & M., to the
extent of five thousand (5000) Inches.
The purposes for which I claim said water
areas follows: For sale for domestic use to
the residents of the Cicy and County of San
Francisco and to the City and County of San
Francisco for the purpose of extinguishing
fires, flushing sewers and all necessary or
proper uses thereof by the said City and
County or the residents thereof, and for sale
for domestic use to the residents of the cities
of San Jose and Oakland, the towns of Berke
ley and Alameda and of all residents of the
towns and cities and the country along the
line of the aqueduct or pipe carrying the said
water from the said Tembladera Slough to the
said city and County of San Francisco and the
I said town of Berkeley and also to said cities
| towns and residents for the purpose of ex
tinguishing fires, flushing sewers, irrigating
land?, and all necessary or proper uses thereof
said aqueduct or pipe line will follow as nearly
as practicable the route of the Sonthern Pacific
railroad from point of appropriation and loca
tion to said City and County of San Fran-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY', JANUARY 19, 1896.
Cisco and and said town of Berkeley, county
of Alameda.
The means by which I intend to divert said
water are as fo'Kows: By pumping the water
out of said Tembladera' Slough at said point
therein into iron pipes sixty inches in diameter,
one laid from said point to'the City and Coun
ty of San Francisco, and one to'the city of
.San Jose and one to the town of Berkeley.
j AVith the same pumps at the same time 1 in
tend pumping water out of Tembladera Slough
into the Pipes and will put upon the water so
pumped into the pipos a pressure sufficient to
force the same through the pipe to thi> City
and County of San Francisco, the city of San
Jose and the town of Berkeley, their respec
tive destinations, and maintaining at BUch
destination a pressure of eighty pounds per
square inch. 8. L. Hahsbobouqh,
Appropriator and Locator.
Witness: J. B. Castro.
This document is regularly sworn and
attested before a notary public, and seems
j to comply with all the requirements of
the law, so far as the preliminary steps
are concerned.
Those who have had the rmtience to
: wade through the legal verbiage of the
j document have seen that there is already
! a definite plan to pump the water from
OUTLINE MAP OF THE CASTRO LAKES, SITUATED ON THE BOLSA NUEVA V MUROCOJO GRANT.
[The lakes cover an area of over 3000 acres, averaging from 35 to 350 feet in depth, being fed by subterranean springs, forming one of the
largest catchment basins in the world.]
the Tembladera Channel to San Francisco
and adjacent cities.
Some estimates from one of the largest
g 'imping manufacturers in the world — the
oily Manufacturing Company of Locks
port, N, V.— are to the effect that for the
sum of $6,000,000 the Holly Company will
guarantee to convey to San Francisco
from Tembladera Channel, through a
half-inch steel pipe of the diameter of
sixty inches, 24,000,000 gallons of water
every twenty-four hours, with a perpetual
pressure at this end of eighty pounds to
the square inch.
And for the total sum of $10,000,000 the
came company will pump and pipe the
water to every householder in this City.
The cost of operating the pumping station
would be $100 a day.
The promoters of this plan do not hesi
tate to point out. anmng other things, the
financial advantages of the system. It is
known, they say, that the Spring Valley
system is not only antiquated' and impure,
but excessively expensive and inadequate
as weli. The people of San Francisco are
paying the interest on $15,000,000 winch
are said to be invested in the Spring Val
ley plant, and aside from this they are
paying the interest and principal of
the cost of an army of collectors and
clerks, including high-salaried officials,
whose sole usefulness is to collect the ex
orbitant tax and influence a majority of
the Board of Supervisors to keep up the
rates. Now if the municipality should
take hold of the Castro Lake proposition
and pay in cash or bonds for the entire
plain water could ultimately be as free as
air to the householders of San Francisco;
or at least the rate would greatly be de
creased, while the quality, quantity and
pressure would be well nigh perfect.
In this connection the recent report of
Engineer Han»borough to Attorney Mil
ton E. Babb and those he represents will
be of interest. It reads as follows:
San Francisco, Jan. 15, 1896.
Milton E. llahb Eta-: In reply to your inquiry,
"Is there an available water supply near this
City, and what would be the cost of bringing it
here?" I desire to reply:
I have located a supply of over 80,000,000
gallons per twenty-four hours of water that is
within seventy-five miles of this City. The
water is cool, clear and absolutely pure, and
can be delivered to this City in pipes at about
the following cost:
100 miles of 60-1 nch steel pipe 96,000,000
HiKKinc, ditclilne am! layitiK pipe 100.0 JO
Cost of three 12,0u(),or;0 gallon pump
ng-eiiKines (high duty), including
boilers and buildings 350,000
Setting up machinery, building suction
pipes, etc 50,000
Tota ' '....96.600,000
The above machinery will deliver 24,000,000
gallons of water every twenty-four hours in
this City at a pressure of eighty pounds to the
square inch, and the daily cost of maintaining
me pumping station would be as follows:
1 superintendent's salary f 5 00
'J stokers salary . 5 00
2 engineers' salary 6 00
127 tons of coal at 91 108 00
Total $124 00
The Castroville lakes are seventy-live
miles from San Francisco as the crow
Hies, but the nearest available pips route
would be nearly a hundred miles. The
lakes are ten feet above the level of high
water, an elevation, of course, that is in
sufficient to give the proper pressure. But
the Holly Company is the owner of many
patents on pressure pumps, which are said
to have revolutionized pumping methods
in the East.
In the foregoing are most of the claims
set forth by the promoters of the Castro
ville Lake system of municipal water
supply. All of which look very alluring
on a surface view, and will certainly re
pay the serious consideration of San
Francisco taxpayers.
THE CITY'S WATER,
; Judge Beawell'B Decision in a Case Involving
the Snpply. at Fires,
The suit of James F. Hill against the
! Spring Valley Water Company, which in
cluded an interesting point involving the
liability of the company when the water
supply fails in case of lire, has been de
cided by Judge Seawell. He has sustained
tue demurrer of the defendant company.
The demurrer was made upon the ground
that facts sufficient to form a cause of
action had not been stated.
Tlie suit was for the value of a $5000
building belonging to Hili which was
burned on July 11, 1885. A building on
the corner of Bryant and Fifth streets
caught tire, and as the water supply was
very inadequate the flames spread until
they finally consumed the building on
Bluxonie street, which belonged to the
plaintiff. Had the defendant furnished
sufficient water, it was contended, the tire
would not have spread to the plaintiff's
building and consequently he sought to
have the company made liable for his loss.
In the act under which the water com
pany was incorporated in 1858, occurred
the following:
All companies formed under the provisions
of this act or claiming any of the privileges of
the same, shall furnish pure fresh water to the
inhabitants of each city and county or city
and town for family uses so- long as the supply
permits, at reasonable rates and without dis
tinction of persons, upon proper demand there
for, and shall furnish water to the extent of
their means to such city and county or city
and town, in case of fire or other great neces
sity, free of charge.
Subsequently, in 1873, the following sec
tion of the Civil Code was put in foree —
section 549:
All corporations formed to supply vrater to
cities or towns must furnish pure fresh water
to the inhabitants thereof for family uses so
long as the supply permits, at reasonable rates
and without distinction of persons upon
proper demand therefor, aud must furnish
water to the extent of their means, in case of
lire or other great necessity, free of charge.
It was upon the difference between these
laws that the case was based. In the act
of 1858 it requires that the water furnished
for fires shall be furnished to the City. In
the section of the code no distinction is
made. Another inference to be drawn is
that the water must be furnished to the
inhabitants.
In referring to the plaintiff's contention
that the water must be furnished to the
inhabitants and not to the city, the court
says:
If plaintiff's construction be correct, the de
fendant has not at any time since the codes
went into effect been untler the obligation to
furnish water free to the City and County in
case of fire or for sprinkling streets, flushing
the sewers or irrigating the public parks or
squares.
No good reason can be assigned for requiring
the defendant to furnish water free to the in
habitants instead of to the City and County in
case of fire. The inhabitants are not equipped
with the apparatus necessary for the ex
tinguishing of tires. Water for" extinguishing
fires has always been supplied to the munici
pality through its Fire Department. Pipes
and mains are laid in the streets and hydrants
erected from time to time as the public in
terest requires and are used in extinguishing
h" res, not by the inhabitants as such, but by
the Fire Department of the City.
It was admitted by plaintiff's counsel
that if the law required the water to be
furnished to the City and not the inhabi
tants then the City only can recover, and
this was Judge Seawell's position. He
sustained the demurrer, with ten days to
amend if possible.
PEACE IN THE LIBRARY.
Annual Election of the Mercan
Association Will Hsto No Oppo
sition Ticket.
The Mercantile Library Association will
hold its annual election of officers at the
Library building, on Van Ness avenue, to
morrow. Polls are to be open from 9a. m.
to 6* f. jr. and from 7 to 8 r. m.
As there is no opposition this year in the
field but little attention has been given
the election by members, and so the asso
ciation misses the turmoil of a political
campaign. All members appeared to be
entirely pleased with the regular ticket, in
which great hopes are placed for the com
ing year.
"The lack of contest," said A. E. Castle,
the recording secretary, yesterday, "shows
that the affairs of the library have been
brought into pretty good condition. The
library is beginning to do much better
than before, and new members are coming
in quite rapidly ; besides, we received two
large donations that helped us out mate
rially. So the incoming board can take
up the management with quite a satisfac
tory prospect ahead oi them."
The new board that will be elected Mon
day without opposition is as follows:
Thomas Magee, president: Samuel C. Bige
low, vice-president; J. J. O'Brien, treasurer;
Charles J. King, recording secretary; William
Doxey, corresponding secretary; trustees— T.
H. Craig, T. K. Baunerman, Sheldon G. Kel
logg, J. B. Reinstein, Julius Kahn, George H
Cabaniss, T. P. Woodward, Miss S. D. Haiulin
Mrs. E. May.
Acknowledged by All.
GKEAT AMKKICAN UCPOBTIKG TEA CO.'S
Teas, toffees and Spices
Best and Cheapest. Try Them.
Pretty presents given away free.
62 Market St., S. F. Headquarters.
BRANCH STOKKS EVERYWHERE.
J'"ond of Chauipairne.
A. D, Porter of the Imperial saloon, 1016
Market street, swore out warrants yesterday for
the arrest of Fred Heyor, son or the ex-Snper
viaor, and W. Kgar on the charge of burglary
Porter alleges that on the night of January l"l
Heyer and Kgar broke into the hasement of his
baloon and stolo thirty bottles of champagne.
CHARLTON GOT HIS WIFE
The Kansas 'Man Starts for
Olathe With Her and Their
Two Boys.
SOME PATHETIC INCIDENTS.
Charlton's Story of His Wife's Journey
to Ohio and the Duplicity of
A. J. Rich.
E. L. Charlton, steward of the deaf and
dumb asylum at Olathe, Kans., whose wife
ran away with A. J. Rich and came to
California recently, induced Mrs. Charlton
to go back yesterday, and, in company
{ with their boys, the two started East.
Charlton had a bard time of it. j?or sev
; eral days his wife would have nothing
• t to do with him, and she wouldn't give up
! the two little boys, who had come across
the continent with her and Rich.
As for the fellow Rich, he kept out of
the way of Charlton, for the latter had a
bad look in his eye. Rich knew enough
to stay out of his sight.
A bronzed, sunburned man, with a dark
mustache and dark eyes, stood at the desk
of the Russ House at 1 o'clock yesterday.
He had the air of one expectant and
anxious. It was Charlton. Friends had
finally arranged for a meeting of the mem
bers of the family after much effort.
The woman had even promised to brin<»
the two boys, meet her husband and go
back with him.
"She's liable to be along here any min
ute now, she and the boys," said the
bronzed man to a Call representative as
he leaned heavily against the desk.
"Strangest thing I ever heard of. I never
would have thought it. You see my wife's
a very sympathetic woman, and this fel
low Rich — well, he just wrapped her around
his little finger.
"While at Olathe I needed some paint
ing done, and got this man to do it. This
is how he rewarded me. He had been a
friend for five or six years. As he waa
hard up I employed him.
"I have been sending my wife to her
former home in Ohio every few years. As
she needed rest, I thought", I sent her and
the boys home again. Six days after they
started Rich started too. IMiey met at
Hamilton, Ohio, and then started for gau
Francisco, via New Orleans.
'•My wife was at Marysville, Ky., twelve
miles from Manchester, where her father
lived, yet she never went to see him at
all."
While Charlton talked a slender woman
in somber garb came in through the hall
from the side entrance. It was not Charl
ton's wife, but evidently a woman who
was bridging domestic chasms for them
Charlton went with her into the parlor
and there neliind closed doors met his
unhappy spouse.
Half an hour afterward the united fam
ily sat at dinner in the hotel, preparatory
to taking the overland train for Leaven
worth. When the repast was eaten the
reunited family came out. The woman
was dressed in deepest black and leaned
heavily on the arm of her husband.
Charlton says Rich's only resources
were lrom an insurance policy'of $1000 on
his wife, who died three weeks before he
ran away with Charlton's wife. Of this r«
has but $340 left. 1S Ec
Brief work a special feature of the printing
department of the Mysell-Rollins C 0.,22. ,22 Clay."