VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 1.
LIKE A GREAT BATTLEFIELD.
Mangled Corpses Laid in
Rows on Hodynsky
Plain.
HUNDREDS CRUSHED
IN THE STAMPEDE.
Women and Children Borne
Down When the Moujiks
Rushed to Table.
THIRTY
30DIES AT THE
BOTTOM OF A WELL.
An Official Estimate Places the Num
ber of Dead at 1336— Aid for
Bereaved Families.
MOSCOW, Russia, May 31.— The city has
not yet recovered frofci the shock occa
sioned by tne frightful calamity yesterday
on the Hodynsky plain during the j;rea'
free feast and entertainment in connection
■with the coronation ceremonies, given at
the expense of the Czar to whoever de
sired to rartake.
The extent of the disaster was not exag
gerated in the first report?. As stated in
these dispatches yesterday by a represent
ative of the United Press, who was an eye
v.itness, the stampede of the great multi
tude was a sight n ver to be forgotten for
its horror. Alter the crowd had been dis
persed by the police and military the field
was strewn with the bodies of hundreds
who had been killed by being crushed,
trampled upon or oy suffocation.
A great number of children were among
the victims. In the wild rush of the
frenzied crowd they were swept away from
their parents or others having charge of
them and their puny strength availed
themnaueht when pitted against the irre
sistible icrce of the surging mob. The in
stant they stumbled and fell life was
crushed out of them. But this was the
case also with many adults. No human
strength could stand the mad on-rush of
the crowd, and safety could be found only
in allowing one's self to be carried for
ward and back in the pulsating crowd, de
voting every energy to keeping upon nis
feet.
The officials made every effort aud of
fered every facility for the identification
of the dead, but the bodies in hundreds of
instances were utterly unrecognizable, the j
facet having been literally crushed out of i
all semblance to humanity. A careful
search is made of each body for papers to
establish its identity, and a record is made
of the clothing on each corpse for the same
purpose.
It was officially announced this morning
that the total number of victims was 1136.
Many of them were Moujiks from the
provinces, a poor class of people, but
among the number were many povercy
stricken residents of Moscow and villages
in the neighborhood of the city. The fete
was particularly for the benefit of this
class of people, and tne middle class gen
erally held aloof from the entertainment
or else visited it in the plain capacity of
spectators.
The scene in the city to-day and last
nij;ht has been a most painful one. The
injured and large numbers of the dead are
taten to the hospitals and other charitable
institutions, and thither have gone thou
sands of persons seeking relatives and
friend?, hoping that the mi-ssing ones
cou'' 1 be found among those Who were only
ourt, but dread ng the worst. Many
affecting scenes were witnessed when it
was found that those who were thought to
be dead were still alive, but often terribly
injured. Sometimes when a body was
recognized by a relative, more frequently
a mother whose httie one had been torn
away from her and its young life crushed
out,' t h e scene was heartrending. The
stolid demeanor or the Russian peasant
would vanish, and the iow plaintive waif
ing and floods of tears would bear witness
to the bitter grief experienced.
Far into the night ambulances, fire
trucks and other vehicles were steadily
engaged in hauling the dead and injured
into the city. The representative of tlis
I'nited Press went again to the plain and
saw some of the effects of the mad rush.
Ditches of abandoned earthworks of the
plain had been filled to the level with the
bodies of those who had been driven into
them by the awful pressure from behind.
Here those who were not crushed to death
were suffocated by the dead and dying
above them. In the passaged between the
booths from which the free food was being
distributed there were still lying the bodies
of hundreds of dead men, women and
children — women and children predomi
nating. Some of the corpses were fright- '
fully distorted and on the faces, still in
death, there were looks of fear and horror, i
PETROVSKY PALACE, WHERE THE CZAR AND CZARINA PREPARED FOR THE CORONATION.
The San Francisco Call.
The sight was altogether a most grue
some one. The clothing had been torn to
shreds and the bodies were in a semi-nude
condition. The assertion is repeated to
day that the police were not on the scene
in sufficiently large numbers at an early
hour to handle the crowd. It is a fact that
there were only a comparatively few of
them present at 6 o'clock in the morninc,
at which time the disaster occurred. There
were then about a thousand attendants
engaged in distributing the gifts of the
Czar to the importunate mob, and to them
thecalamity is indirectly attributable.
When the thousands of persons in the
iear began to press forward on those in
I front and the latter were crushed against
I the barriers the shrieks and groans of the
dying caused the attendants to become
stricken with terror, dreading what actu
ally occurred— the breaking down of the
barriers by the enormous human pressure
upon them. In fear of their lives they
j threw thousands of the memorial cups,
i filled with mead, beer, etc., at the strug
gling mass of humanity in attempts to
drive them back. This led to a wild
scramble in the crowd. The immense
quantity of liquids thus thrown formed a
I son of pond in front of the long line of
booths aud rendered the ground slippery
and treacherous, making a foothold very
1 precarious. A gTeat number of "persons
who might have otherwise escaped thus
; fell to the ground, where the life was soou
: crushed out of them by the howling,
frt-nzied mob.
In some parts of the plain the ground
looks as though it had been newly plowed.
i This is where it was torn up by the heavy
wooden shoes of the peasants in their wild
exci'.ement.
fc!o great has been the rush of visitors at
j the hospitals to-day in search of missing
! relatives and friends that the work of the
; doctors and physicians was seriously in
! terrupted. This afternoon, therefore, the
; authorities gave orders for the transfer of
| the unciaimed bodies to the Vongan*
i koffsfcy cemetery, where tney will be in
terred if not identified within a few days.
The feeling of the Moujiks was very j
bitter against the authorities, whom they
hoid had not taken sufficient precautions,
to guard against an affair such as occurred.
After the disaster the large force of mili- |
tary and police had the greatest difficulty
in restoring even a semblance of order.
The Czar's promise to heip the bereaved
families, coupled with the published ex
pressions of his intense grief and deep
sympathy, has allayed the bitter feeling !
and the people are warmly grateful to him
for his action.
As stated in yesterday's dispatches his i
Majesty has ordered that the sum of 1000 !
roubles be paid to each family that has j
lost a member through the catastrophe.
In addition the state will pay the expense
of burying the dead, while the physicians j
at the hospitals and elsewhere have been j
instructed to spare nothing to alleviate j
the Bufferings of the injured.
Although the official report places the
number of dead at 1138, it is highly prob>
able that the exact number of victims will
never be known. The Vice-Mayor reckons '
that 1336 persons were killed and 286 seri
ously, perhaps iataily, injured. The of
ficial accounts, however, do not include
any dead and injured who were removed
by friends. It would not be surprising if the
number of deaths was largely in excess of !
the official figures.
Thirty bodies, were found to-day in an
old disused well in the middle of the plain.
The well had been covered with planks |
w .ich hid collapsed when the crowd j
'. passed o' er them. Some of the victims j
had in iheir hands the memorial cup? I
which had been presented at the toothß
before the rush b?gan. Among the bodies
in the well were two Jiving persons t who
have been made insane by the horror of
the position. Their ravings when rescued
I were terrible to hear.
Great efforts were made throughout the
day to clpar the plain, but this afternoon
it was still liuered with, fragments of !
clothing and human nair. In some places j
where the crush was greatest tho ground
was soaked with the blood of those whose
lives had been tr< dden out. Large crowds !
of people, many of them attracted by !
morbid curiosity, were hovering about the j
plain all day. The foreiirn correspondents
wereaffuried every facility for learning the
details of the calamity.
The representative of the United Press,
who with the single exception of a cor
respondent of a New York newspaper, is
the only representative of the American
press hore, went away to-day to the
Vogankoffsky Cemetery, where a great
number of the dead had been transferred
from the hospitals and the plain. Many
of the injured were also taken to this cem
etery, the hospitals being so crowded that
it waß impossible to find accommodations
for them. The scene was a sad one.
The cemetery occupies a space of about
eight acres, and all the paths were guarded
by armed . soldiers. Tne ground whs
thickly covered by the living and the dead.
Physicians who were present were busily
engaged in setting broken bones, sewing
up and dressing gaping wounds and other
wise attending to the wants of the injured.
So great was the demand for medical and
surgical assistance that physicians and
surgeons were requisitioned from other
cities and towns.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, JJJ^JKJ^Si^96.
Smiths Creek Hotel, the Rendezvous of the Sheriff's Posse in Search of
Murderer Dunham.
The dead were placed in long lines upon
the ground. There were vetv few coffins
to be seen. In fact, the supply of coffins
and caskets was exhausted early yester
day, and to-day it is impossible to procure
one in the city at any price. The bodies
were covered with sheets, and the long
line of white-robed bodies presented a
ghastly spectacle. Here alone the number
of dead exceeded the official figures, for in
the rows there were 1362 victims.
An immense crowd slowly and continu
ously passed along the paths, on both
Bides of which the bodies were laid, seek
ing for some loved one. As the sheets
were removed the living would eagerly
scrutinize the faces of the dead to see if
the features were the ones of those for
whom they were looking. The sight pre
sented by the withdrawals of the cover-
I ings was a fearful one. The faces and
] limbs of the dead were horribly mutilated
and the clothing was in shreds. In most
cases the disfiguration was so great that it
was impossible to identify tLe bodies.
At various points in the cemetery priesta
| were ottering nrayers for the dead. It was
necessary that many of the bodies should
be buried as speedily as possible, and after
the interments had been coniDl ted Father
i John Cronstadt, the miracle worker,
i passed among the mourners, blessing and
consoling them.
At the request of the Czar there will be
a solemn requiem mass in the chapel of
| the palace in the Kremlin to-morrow
! morning. All the members of the impe
rial fr rnily will attend.
The Bishop of Peterborough, who is in
I Moscow as the representative of the Estab-
I lished Church of England, preached a ser
) mon in the English church here to-day. A
| collection was taken up for th<» benefit of
the sufferers and a goodly sum was raised.
The statement that the disaster would
bring the coronation ceremonies to a close
has not the slightest basis in truth. The
i functions have not be«n stopped. A ball
j was given at the French embassy last
J evening. It was attended by the members
of the imperial family, the foreign princes,
diplomats and the highest .Russian and
I visiting aristocracy. The ball was one of
i the most brilliant that has taken place in
connection with the coronation ceremo
nies.
So far as known not a single foreigner
was killed. A trench a hundred yards long
has been dug in the cemetery, and in this
a majority of the unrecognized dead will
be interred. Borne accounts of the affair
represent the rush in an ugly spirit. These
; reports state that hundreds of persons
i broke into the booths, pillaging them of
j the contents, regardless of the shrieks of
the injured and dying. Many of the peas
ants who were given memorial cups are
| now offering to sell them for a rouble and
j a half as souvenirs, not only of the coron
! ation, but of one of the most terrible
! catastrophes in the annals of Russia.
They find ready purchasers.
The stolid and callous demeanor of the
moujiks and others in the faco of the dis
i aster is much commented upon by thoee
who are not familiar with the character
of the Russian lower classes. One news
paper correspondent questioned a mou-jik
I who was carrying a child from* the Hody n- \
sky plain alter the tragedy as to whether
he had been in the crush. The man re
plied that he had not, but, instead of be
ing thankful that he and his child
had perhaps escaped an awful death,
he complained against what he termed
his bad luck in not receiving a cup,
although he had tramped thirty versts in
the expectation of getting one, in addition
to an unlimited quantity of free food and
drink.
As an offset to this callousness, how
ever, there have been several instances re
ported of heroic rescues of women and
children from the fate that befel so many
hundreds of tho-ir compatriots.
The Chief of Police is reported to be in
utter despair over the terrible catastrophe
and has attempted to commit suicide.
SEARCHING FOR
A DEAD DUNHAM,
Many Accept the Theory
That the Demon Shot
Himself.
FOOD FOR THE BUZZARDS
Birds of Prey Continue to Hover
Over a Single Spot in
Indian Gulch.
IT WILL BE EXPLORED TC-DAY.
If the Murderer's Body Is Not Found
the Pursuers Will Admit He
- H-Tf: E.vc_, *^l.r .; <•. --, i - f! '-'. x
BAN JOSE, Cal., May 31.— Constable \
Ed Haley came down from the mountain
to-night with Al Hunks. They have fcl
lowed to a finish the Little ranch outcrop- !
pings in the aunt for Murderer James !
Dunham, and report that they do not pan !
out any better than the several leads that
have been follow-ed heretofore.
Haley was one of the party who discov
ered the horse in the »>ru~h, where Dun
ham had left It, and his complete ttory, as
told here, adds several important features
to that incident.
Among other things not before men
tioned is the fact that the part}' found a
torn piece of the San Jose Mercury bear
ing date of the day after the murder, which
was undoubtedly left by Dunham. The
paper was one containing the story of the
murder and the statement that the officers
intended to employ bloodhounds in the
chase. This would account for the effort I
of the fugitive to destroy the scent by j
wrapping gnnnysacks around his feet. '
The sacks employed for this purpose were
evidently stolen from the Parker cabin.
Haley is firm in the belief that Dun- j
ham's body will be found In Indian Gulch.
He says the search has been most
thorough and that it is scarcely witnin
the bounds of possibility that the !
murderer could get away, as every rancher !
in the mountains is on the alert for him !
i and the reward that would go with his
capture. The buzzards are gathering in !
greater numbers over Indian Gulch and
I keep up their circlinc over one particular
I dace in the gulch, and though the officers
j have searched the vicinity and found
nothing the belief remains that the de
mon's body is there.
A shot was distinctly heard shortly after
the finding of the- horse, and every man in
the mountains thereabouts has been inter
viewed and no one can be found who fired
that shot.
Sheriff Lyndon returned to Smiths Creek
to-night, discouraged over another un
successful day's hunt. He will organize
his force to-morrow morning for a thor
ough and a final search for the body
in the gulch. If the body is not
found, the search for' the living man will
also be given over, as it will then be ac
cepted as conclusive that Dunham has
made his escape through the San Isabel
Pass and is making his way on through
Red Creek Pass toward Visalia.
The expedition of the posse, composed
of Constable Haley in charge, with Al
Hanks and Harry McClintock, over to the
Little ranch was finished only this after
noon. They had heard that a man had
been prowling about the cabin of Charles
Marcene and had gone as far as to open
the window, when the intruder was driven
away by the challenge of Marcene.
The posse left Smith's Creek early Friday
morning, going out over the divide be
tween San Felipe and Los Animas. They
crossed the ridge into Slippery Canyon
and down onto the Narrow place and
thence to Cale3, and attempted to get out
through the pass, but their horses stalled
and tbey were compelled to turn back and
take another route with a horse and cart.
They arrived at Marcene's, some twelve
miles from Smiths Creek, shortly before
midnight and found Marcene in a very
nervous frame of mind. It was some time
before he would allow them to enter, and
only then in the face of a pointed revolver.
Marcene declared that he had heard the
same noise of a prowler about the house
only a short time before their arrival.
Somebody had been feeiing along the out
side of the bouse and tried the door. It
was at about the same hour that a hand
had lifted bis window on the previons
night. At the time the officers arTived
Marcene's dogs were growling and nosing
over the ground, which he said was un
usual for them.
Hal«y fol!owed the dojrs, which led him
through a wheatfield until he got tired of
following them, and he and his party re
turned to the cabin.
They made a thorough search about the
place this morning without making any
discoveries. They made a circuit of tiio
neighboring ranches and found everybody
Frank Reynolds, the Famous Man*
Hunter of Los Gatos.
{Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.]
! looking for Dunham, with nobody having
1 seen him.
At Jim McAram's place, frhich occupies
j a position commanding the exit of the
gulch in that direction (and it was consid
ered that no man could make his way
through there without being held up by
McAran's dogs, distinguished for their
vicious vigilance), tbere was no news. So
Haley came back more than ever con
vinced that the shot on Friday morning in
Indian Gulch meant the suicide of the
murderer.
Now, this is the interesting story told by
Haley to-night concerning the finding of
the buckskin horse. The horse, by the
way, was to-day engaged by The Call cor
respondent in the rnouutains for the pur
pose of following the trail in company
with the Sheriff's posse.
"We had been detailed by Sheriff Lyn
don to search Indian Gu!ch for a trail of
the murderer last Friday morning," said
Haley. "Edwards and Parker were with
aie, and Sheriffs Lyndon and Ballou
were together with the dogs. We had
gone to a point in the gulch whera
the horse was afterward discovered, and
were discussing the possibility of Dunham
abandoning his animal. lam certain that
at that time the man was within the sound
of our voices and overheard us. Our in
structions were given at that time, the
Sheriff directing us to circle the gulch
and examine the fences to see if they had
been broken through. We went in one di
rection, while Lyndon and Ballou, with
the dogs, went in another.
"Ballou first caught sight of the horse
coming out of the brush and they rejoined
ua. Parker was dispatched to bring the
horse oat. He had to make a circuit of
about three miles to get down. The horse
was brought out and the party afterward
went down and made a search through
the canyon. We found where Dunham
had had camped. Within 50 or 60 feet
from where the horse was first seen we
found where it had been tied to a buckeye
tree, around which it had tramped for
some time. A short distance away wus
found, neatly placed in a coil, the rope by
which it had been tethered.
"What convinces me that the horse had
been released only a few minutes before is
the fact that it wa? working rapidly up the
hillside, as any horse will when feeding.
CORRAL HOLLOW BANDIT SLAIN
: . • . •■ • ■ ......
' - ■ • ' . '■■:/-: •:■■'■■ . -
As I say, when first seen it was only some
fifty . feet from the buckeye tree. When
Parker got to it the animal was a quarter
of a mile away from that place. ,:-:":
: " "Dunham had heard us talking as he
lay tin the brush, ' and knowing that he
could not take, the horse with him, as he
would be seen, he untied the animal and
allowed it to make its escape while he
traveled on foot. It is out o the question
that the horse broke away, for the rope,
remember, was coiled near the tree, as
though the murderer had released the
horse as a sort of good-by to it.
"In our subsequent search in the gulch
we found the scrap of the Mercury news
paper. The head of the paper had been
torn away, carrying the date, but it con
tained something of the story of the mur
der, showing that it was later than
Wednesday. The murderer no doubt had
stolen the paper from one of the rancher's
boxes along the road, and making the dis
covery that it was proposed to put blood
hounds on his track, be stole the cover
erings for his feet at Parker's. Parker had
his washing out hanging on a rail to dry.
"There were a number of socks, all in a
row, and at the end of the row were several
floursacks. There was a break in the row
of ' socks, showing where Dunham had
taken out a pair, and some of the flour
sacks were missing. In our further search
in the gulch we found pieces of those
sacks. Now, I am convinced that this
precaution he took by binding his feet had
the effect he desired — that of confusing
the scent for the dogs. lam certain, also,
that he took that precaution at Parker's,
for his footprints were traced In the road
up to that place. At Parker's he climbed
through a window, and where, he jumped
to the ground there were two distinct
prints of his feet, and these fitted exactly
to the other prints found in the road lead
ing to that place.
"Thedoj.B could have taken his trail
from those prints, but they have been un
able to do so afterward for some reason,
and there seems to be no other explana
tion. It is said that water will destroy a
scent. He probably wet those clothes,
and that threw the dogs off. I am con
vinced that the dogs are all right. I had
a demonstration of their ability, to follow a
sceot. Al Hanks had separated himself
from our party and taken a position on a
high point in Indian Gulch where he
could watch. the flight of the buzzards.
We were -upon another point fully rive
miles away.
"Sheriff Ballou had run the dogs back
and forth to allow them to catch a trail.
Suddenly they set up a yelp and started
away at a speed that no horse could have j
matched on the level. They went directly
past me, yelping at every bound. - They
went down U»e gulch, crossed over, and I
saw them go up the other side, following
every turn that Hanks had made in his
difficult climb. We had' seen "Hanks go
up, and we no* saw the doss go over his
trail perfectly. They did; not stop until
they came to Hanks, and one of them at
tacked him. f They Knew him, however,
as -htj had with them, and he had no
difficulty n C3&troi!h'«( them.' " ■■-''"
"They seemed to know they had made a
.mistake and to feel, foolish about it, but
every little bit they would go away and
looking towards .us "utter , one of „ those
mournful howls of "theirs. No, the dogs
are all right and would get their man if
they had anything straight to work on.
"Now, about those buzzards,'' continued j
Haley. "A good many people are dis
posed to smile and say that buzzards are |
always to be seen in these gulches. But I I
am sure they have something there more
than ordinary^ I have watched the buz
zards and know something of their habits.
"I counted no less than twenty-three
buzzards this morning circling about the
head of the gulch. They do not attack a
bcoy until it is three or four days old.
They will circle about it, going closer and i
closer each day. I noticed that tbey made |
descents, and as they reached the ground
they lifted their wings. That indicates
they are feeding or about to feed. Yes, it
is true that we made a search about the
place and found nothing, but still I be
lieve the body of Dunham is there and
will be found to-morrow. I think the
buzzards will indicate the pl.".ce distinctly
to-morrow.
"The route that Dunham was trying to
take to escape was practically impassable.
His only alternative would be to return '
over his old course, and he saw the folly I
and danger of that and he fired a ball into I
his brain. A man situated as he was —
worn out by his efforts to evade his pur
suers, unable to get food, surrounded on j
every side— it Is just about the thing he
would do."
Others of the Sheriffs men take the !
' i
Continued on Third Page.
Torn Lovelady at the Head of the Campbell Party in the Mountains.
I Sketched from life by a ''(Jail" artist. J
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Bloody Battle to the Death
on the Floor of a
Saloon.
FIGHT WITH FURY IN
THE DARKNESS.
D. Sanguinetti Kills a Masked
Outlaw Wno Attempted to
Rob Him.
FAINTS AFTER THE COMBAT
IS WON.
A Well Aimed Bullet Saves His Life
Wbun at the M rcy of His
Assai.ant.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 31.— A bloody
i battle to the death was fought last nitrht
j in the saloon ot D. Sunguinetti at Corral
Hollow. The proprietor after a sanguinary
I struggle with a masked bandit who at
i tempted to rob him killed his assailant
i with a bullet when he was himself too
I weak from the loss of blood to rise to a
> sitting posture and was seemingly at the
mercy of his assailant, who had taken de
liberate aim and was about to send a oul
let into his prostrate body. For a quarter
of an hour these two men were engaged in
deadly combat and the floor of the saloon
was streaked with the blood that poured
from their wounds.
Sanguinetti was awakened at 10 o'clock
by some one knocking at •hedoorof his
place. He was in bed at the time, but at
workmen on the grade of the Corral Hol
low Railway were in the habit of awaken
ing him at night to furnish them with
liquor he thought nothing of being dis
turbed. He dressed and went from the
bedroom to the front door of the barroom
to let his customer in.
The door was locked by a long wooden
bar. Before lifting this Sanguinetti asked
'who was at the door. The man replied
that he was from the camp down the
road and that he wanted a $1 bottle of
whisky. As this was not an unusual re
quest from the graders on the coal road
he at once opened the door. As > c slipped
the bar back he saw that the man had a
cloth over his face, and at first thought
that he had been injured.
"What is the matter with your face?"
asked Sanguinettt.
"Oh, I got some sand in my eyes," re
sponded his visitor, placing his left hand
over his face to hide it from view. As he
did this he attempted to enter the saloon.
"I want your money. Give it to me
quick," he suddenly exclaimed, thrusting
the muzzle of a big revolver into Sangui
netti's face.
The saloon-keeper grasped the hand
that held the revolver and forced it to orre
side. The intruder grappled with San
guinetti and both fell upon the floor of the
saloon in a struggle to the death. Over
and over the men celled, each righting for
self-preservation and to end the life of the
other. First Sanguinetti was on top and
then the masked robber had the advantage
for tht moment. He succeeded in disen
gaging the hand holding the revolver, and
grasping the weapon by the barrel began
to beat the Italian over the head.
Sanguinetti weighs over 200 pounds and
is very portly, but he is a powerfully built
man. He fought every inch of the cround
over the floor of the saloon. The pair
fought and struggled for fully a quartet of
an hour. The blood upon tlie floor is evi
dence it was a terrible battle. Bruised and
bleeding Saneuinetti made a stubborn
fight. His head was beaten almost to a
jelly by the blows from the robber's re
volver, but he did not yield. Finally he
succeeded in grasping his assailant's arm
and wrenched the revolver from his grasp.
The door was open, as it had been lelt
when the masked man first thrust his
revolver into Sanguinetti's face. The2
saloon-keeper, as he wrenched the weapon
from the outlaw's hand, threw it out of the
door to the dryubed of a creel* just outside
the doorstep. As he' did this, the robber
disengaged himself and rushed from the
saloon.
Before going to the door, Sanguinetti
had placed a 38 caliber revolver In his hip
pocket. In the structMe with the robber,
he had lost this. He was exhausted and
so bruised from his beatin? that he could
scarcely crawl. As he put out his hand to
raise himself up, it touched the pistol that
had fallen from his pocked. He seized
this as a drowning man does a straw, and
it proved his salvation, for a moment later
the man who had assailed him entered the
door again. He had recovered the pistol
thrown inio the creek bed.
"This is the last time you will ever take
a pistol away from me," the bandit said,
advancing on the still prostrate form of
the Italian. Sanguinetti could scarcely
turn over to face the outlaw. As the rob
ber advanced again he raised his pistol
and took deliberate aim at the exhausted
man.
Sanguinetti had his weapon in his hand,
and pointing it quickly at his assailant
fired. The bullet struck the robber just
above the heart, and he fell back on the
steps of the saloon. Sanguinetti was still
on the floor, but he succeeded in crawling
over to the bar and rising to his feet.
Then he walked over to the door and
placed the bar back in its position to lock
it, as he did not know then that he had
killed his man. He went into the bed
room and washed away the blood that had
clotted in his hair and covered his face.
Then he sank upon the bed from exhaus
tion. The terrible liirtit for life had com
pletely unnerved him.
Shortly after 4 o'clock this morning be
awoke, and at first was afraid to go out
side the building for foar that the robber
was lying in wait for him. A3 he un
barred the door of the saloon he saw the
man who had assailed him the night be
fore lying on the porch. His less were on
the veranda, while his body was lying
head downward upon the etep.s. The
mask was still upon his face, and the re- j
volyer with which he had intended to kill !
Saneuinetti was grasped in his- right hand, j
The saloon-keeper saw that his assailant
of the night before was dead, and though
he could hardly move, as the result of his j
encounter with hte robber, he crawled as !
best he could over to the home of a neigh
bor, Mrs. Carroll, and had one of her sons j
drive him into Tracy. There he told of ;
the killing of the masked robber and gave j
himself into the custody of Constable
Maurice Byrnes.
The constable brought Sanguinetti to I
this city to-day, and he was placed in jail I
here as a witness. The District Attorney
offered to let him go, after hearing his
ver.-ion of th? affair, as he is a man of !
known veracity, but he preferred to re
main in jail until after the inquest on the
body of the man he had killed.
Sanguinetti was attended by Drs. Clark I
and Gibbons. It was found that he was
black and blue all over his body, where he
had been beaten by his would-be slayer.
His eyes are blackened and his scalp is j
torn in many places, where the butt of the ■.
revolver descended upon iv He is now j
swathed in bandages and awaiting the re- j
cult of the inquest to beheld to-morrow, j
afternoon.
Derufy Coroner Jory went to the scene j
of the shooting early this morning, and j
returned at 7 o'clock to-nicht with the j
b dy. Ho found it lying in the position
that Sanguineui had described, with the
revolver grasped in the right hand of the ;
dead man. When Sanguinetti rim de
scribed his assailant to the oliicers on his
arrival here this morning they were cer
tain that the robber was Dunnara, the San
Jose murderer, as his height and weight
answered thedescrintion perfectly. When
he was brought here to-night it was found |
that this was a mistake, as a number of |
the residents of Tracy identified the robber
as a man nam d Anderson, who had
worked about that place from time to
time. He is of about Dunljaru's agf and
wears a light mustache, besides haying a
beard of about a week's growth ; but there
are a number of people who are confident
that the dead man is the Anderson who up j
to a short time ago worked at Tracy.
FIERCE BATTLE IN CRETE
The Turks Succeed in Relieving
the Besieged Town of
Vamos.
At Reimo the Fighting, Burning and
Pillaging Continue— Consuls
Ask for Warships.
ATHENS, Greece, May 31.— Advices
have been received here to the effect that
Abdullah Pasha after fierce righting has
succeeded in relieving the town of Vamos,
which was besieged by the Christian in
surgents.
LONDON, E.\g., May 31. — The Daily
News will to-morrow puolish a dispatch
from Athens saying that in relieving
Vamos the Turkish troops first Carried
Tsivsra after a bloody tight. The position
in toe Canea district is serious. At Reimo
the fighiing, burning and pillaging con
tinue. The consuls at lleraclion have
asked that warships be dispatched to that
REJOICING IN THE TRANSVAAL
Widespread Joy Over President Kruger's
Magnanimity in Releasing Reform
Committee Prisoners.
"LONDON, Esq., May 31.— The Johannes
burg Standard telegraphs that the release
of all the members of the Reform Com
mittee with the exception of Messrs.
Rhodes, Hammond. Farrar and Phillips,
the four leaders, who were originally con
■-lined to death, has caused widespread
rejoicing in the Transvaal and elsewhere
in Africa. The members of Ihe
Johannesburg Exchange sent a telegram
to President Kruger expressing to him
their warmest thanks for his generous ac
tion, which they declared would have a
benetifi,! effect 'throughout South Africa.
The dispatch adds that confidence is felt
that tiie President will extend his gener
to the forr leaden who are still in
jail under sentenoe of fifteen years' im
prisonment
To ■■'■ -"> •* .\ M ■ .t.>(iASCAIt.
A trench Man » nidi Concerns England
«>«( 11,*. V nit td. State*.
PARIS, Fba>;ce, May 31.— The Cabinet
has decided to submit to the Chamber of
Deputies a bill declaring Madagascar a
French colony. This measure will enable
the trench Government, according to pre
vious agreement, to abrogate the treaties
now existing; under which the United
fatates and Great Britain enjoy a special
economic regime in the island
I'reforrr*: i,,n,n ,„ Capture.
MARYSVIL.LE, Kans., May 31.— While
tbe two were working in a held yesterday,
George Mock killed his wife with a hoe
after a quarrel and tied. A crowd stcrted
in pursuit of him. Seeing that be was
abouMo be overtaken, he cut bis throat.
WAR OVER CRETE
A POSSIBILITY.
The Situation Engages the
Serious Attention of
Germany.
ITS MANIFOLD DANGERS
Concerted Action Urged to Pre
vent Turkish Occupation
of the Island.
ENGLAND IS AGAIN CENSURED.
Bismarck's Orsran Accuses Her of
Inciting the Revolt anl Suggests
a Way to Suppress It.
BERLIN, Germany, May 31.— The situ
ation in Crete is engaging the most seri
ous attention of the German Government
ana greatly absorbing public interest as
■ involving manifold dangers to the peace
of Europe. It is an open secret that the
Government, in the event of any radical
change taking place in the relations be
tween the island of Crete and the Porte,
will support a proposal for tbe union of
the island with the kingdom of Greece.
In the meantime the question of the an
! nexation of the island of Crete to Greece
] is not one in which the Dreibund is vitally
interested, though communications .have
passed between the Governments at Ber
; lin, Rome and Vienna tending toward con
certed action on the part of the Dreibund
powers in behalf of Crete, and the Greek
! Government has asked the Government of
! German to join Greece in exerting pres-
I sure upon Turkey against the letter's
throwing large reinforcements of troops
into the island with a view of wiping out
the Cretan revolt by sheer force of num- ;
j ber?.
What Greece most wan at present is
that a sort of truce shall be established
; between the Turks and the Cretan rebels
while the Euro Dean powers confer as to
means of a final settlement of the Cretan
I question.
At present the force of Turkish regular
troops on the island is 7200 men, and 1800
additional troops are about leaving
Salonica, and an equal number are on the
eve of departure from Smyrna to re-enforce
1 them. Opposing this force there are now
j over 20.000 Cretans under arms, and they
I are.being rapidly strengthened by Greek
' volunteers who are well armed and possess
! ample supplies of provisions and amuni
| tion. This force is able to hold the entire
! island against the Turks with the excep
i tion of the fortified towns.
In an article discussing the immediate
outcome of the Cretan trouble, the Vossi
; sche Zeitung recommends t c appointment
j of a Christian Governor for Crete who shall
I administer the public affairs of the island
under the supervision of a commissioner, '■
who shall be an European. . . \ V«J
The Hamburger Xachrichten, the organ
of Prince Bismarck, blames England for
j inciting the rising of the people of Crete,
j and suggests that the European powers
settle the Cretan questions concurrently
with the Egyptian question in a way
which will defeat the aims of the English
Government. ."'".."
Among the officially inspired Austro-
Hungarian newspapers the Pesther Lloyd
expresses the same opinion as that ad
vanced by the Yossische 2eitung, and de
clares that there must be a root and branch
reform of the public administration in
Crete without delay.
The Austrian clerical organ, Das Vater
land, expresses its understanding that the
European powers desire that Crete shall be
retained as a part of the Turkish empire;
nevertheless, the Austrian officials appre
hend that the breaking up of the Turkish
empire may begin with the separation of
Crete from Turkey.
Since the first announcement in the
middle of February last of the complete
discord between Emperor William and
M. Herbette, the French Embassador, the
Emperor has adhered to his determina
tion not to meet the Embassador person
ally until he should call to present his
letters of recall, which he did last Tues
day. The meeting between the Emperor
and M. Herbette was a formal affair,
which marked the ending of an extremely
disagreeable episode.
The Cologne Gazette, in a very cour
teous article upon the withdrawal of the
plain-speaking French diplomat from the
German court, says that in leaving Ber
lin M. Herbette can feel assured that the
German officials will render full justice
to the activity which be has displayed in
the direction of maintaining peace.
M. Herbette will retire permanently
from the field of diplomacy and return to
his scientific studies. The Marquis de
Noailles, formerly French Minister and
Embassador to Italy and Emoassador at
Constantinople, who has been appointed
as M. Herbette's successor,* is a trained
diplomat of high birth, with the personal
style of a well-bred gentleman, and al
ready commands expectations of success
in court and diplomatic circles. Since
President Thiers sent him to Washington
as Minister of France to the United States
in 1872, the Marquis de Noailles has had a
good record until 1886, when he left the
diplomatic service at his own request, his
retirement being associated with his dis
pleasure at the edict issued by the French
Government banishing the Orleans family
from French territory.
The Hamburg Correspondenz says that
the nomination of the Marquii de
Noailles to be French Embassador to Ger
many constitutes a triumph for the policy
of M. Hanotaux, French Minister of For
eign Affairs, over that of the late radical
Ministry of France, who wished to send to
Berlin a democratic Embassador. The
German Foreign Office getting wind of this,'
the paper say?, contributed on its side to
compel the French Government to aban
don the idea. The presence of the Mar
quis de Noailles in Berlin, the Correspon
denz continues, will prove the intention of
France, without sacrificing any of her old
projects of revanche, to maintain relations
with Germany through an Embassador
whose social position will enable him. 10
inform hi? Government of the tendencies
of the policy of Germany in a superior way
to that in which M. Herbette was ever
able to do. - j7/'j 7 /'
By the retirement of M. Herbette, who
was the senior of the diplomatic corps,
Count Lanza di Busca, the ItalianEmbas
sador, becomes the doyen Embassador,
but as the Count is a bachelor, the wife of
M. de Szogyeny March, the Austrian Em
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1896.
bassa^or, who rs'nextiii the rank of se
niority, becomes the doyenne of the dip
lomatic body '• and wHr make all th-e pre
sentations of foreign ladies to the Empress
at court-
The case .of Louis Stern of New York,
who forfeited ins bail of 10,000 maris nn
der conviction; o^ having insulted Baron
yon ThuengeTi, deputy commissioner of
the Spa at Kissingau, last summer, has oc
cupied a great deal of attention since the
publication of the correspondence on the
subject which passed between Baron yon
Tuielman, the German Embassador at
Washington, and .Hon. Richard Olney,
Secretary of Stale. '1 he home papers have
assumed that the publication of the corre
spondence was due to Mr. Olney for the
purpose of causing inconvenience to Baron
yon Thielman and bringing about his re
tirement, but it has not occurred to them
that the correspondence was published in
the ordinary course of things, with no pos
sible bias behind its appearance apart
from the utterances of an irresponsible
press.
The position entertained in the Foreign
Olrke is that Stern did not exhaust the
ordinary legal means at his disposal to
obtain a reversal of his sentence and that
he asked the State Department to inter
fere in his case before he had gone to the
end of his legal lesources, thus causing
trouble all around which could have been
averted.
Dr. Chrysander, Prince Bismarck's
physician.Jias informed the Silesian de
putation* who has arranged to call upon
the ex-Chancellor an'i pay their respects
to him, that the state of health of the
Prince is such as to render it desirabie
that the reception of the deputation be
postponed. The dates of the reception
has therefore been fixed for June 6.
Mrs. Edwin U hi, wife of the United
States Embassador, is about to begin 3 !
series of receptions, which will be held i
at her residence in Thiergarten Strasse.
The Emperor has telegraphed tiie Czar
a message of sympathy and sorrow at the
unfortunate disaster upon the occasion of
the fete upon the Hodynsky Plain at
Moscow yesterday when upward of a
thousand men, women and children were !
crushed to death.
A meeting of the German Colonial So
ciety was held yesterday at which it was i
resolved to petition the Reichstag to grant
credits for an increase in the strength of |
the navy upon the ground that the navy I
as it is at present constituted is inadequate
to pxoteoi the expansion of the German
colonial possessions.
Prince George of Cumberland, son of the
Duke oi Cumberland, who recently under- j
went an operation at Gmendun for the re
moval of an abscess in the thigh, is still
in a critical condition, hopes of his re
covery being slight.
The Berlin dentists who were graduated
from the American College of Dentistry
held a meeting yesterday and decided to
form an organization which is to be in
corporated.
MOONSHINER TRAGEDY.
A Daring Detectwe Kills Sis Man and
Loses His Oton Life.
LEXINGTON*, Ky., May 31.— Thomas I
Holiinelds, one of the most daring de- j
tt-ctives in Eastern Kentucky, was killed \
by a moonshiner named Adams, whom he j
was trying to arrest yesterday. Adams '
also suffered death. Hollifields and an- I
other official located Adams In the house !
of his father and went in to arrest him. !
The "shiner" ran out the back way and j
was shot by Hollifields. The father, who j
had secreted himself behind a door, then j
fired at Hollitields, a load of buckshot
taking effect in his back.
CRIMINAL NEGLIGENCE.
Retult of an Inquiry Into the Harlem
Jiiver Hiaastcr.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 31.— Miss Liz
zie McKfon, one of the party thrown into
the Harlem River last mght by the col
lision of the steam launch Ben Franklin
and transfer-boat No. 5 of the New Yoik,
New Haven and Hartford Railroad, died
at the Harlem Hospital to-day. The body
of Kate Murray, who was drowned at the
time o.t the accident, was recovered to-day
near where the body sank. The body of
Mabel Wolfe, who was also drowned, has
not been recovered. Frank McHugn, en
gineer of the Ben Franklin, was taken
beloire Coroner Dobbs to-d;iy and was sent
to the Tombs in default of $20'j0on a charge
of criminal negligence.
Mangled by a lila»t.
WATERLOO, lowa, May 31.— 8y the
premature explosion of powder last even
ing, Fred Bnrmeistej and Julius Burmeis
terwere fataliy injured. Fred Burrneister
had both eyes blown out and both arms
ii;nl to be amputated Julius Burmeister's
ri^ht arm was haflly burned and one eye
was blown out. Both men will probably
die. They were blasting bowlders. Both
are single.
GaEOKCifL_cD'TZ. J*
Cco^Ct: P
CRACK MARKSMEN WHO PARTICIPATED IN THE SIIOJTI>G TOURNAMENT AT STOCKTON.
HONORS WON
AT STOCKTON.
Olympic Club Marksmen
Are Champions of
the State.
VICTORS AT THE BUTTS.
The California Target Association
Cup Will be Brought to
San Francisco,
SHIELL'S CLEVER SHOOTING.
Captures More Priz s Than Any
Other Competitor — Los Angeles
Wins a Tie.
STOCKTON, Cal.. May 31.— The second
day's shoot of the California Inanimate
Target Association's tournament was more j
successful than the first. The grounds at j
i Goodwater (T^ii^were crowded from cany !
! this mornir .■ ' JV late at night. The day j
was perfect p.r^od shooting, but in spite |
of this fact! iv \ye team shoots the scores j
did not reach tin.- marks made yesterday. !
Crowda were coming to the grounds and !
going from them all day and fully 5000
people must have witnessed the shoot be- 1
fore the last trap was pulled at dark this j
evening.
One of the first events of the day was j
; the shoot for the Golcher trophy, which j
j was scheduled as the filth event. Besides j
I the trophy for the man making the high- j
est score, there were seven money and sev- j
eral merchandise prizes. In this event j
good work was done by Fanning of the j
Olympics, Trombone (W. H. Beavers) of
the Reliance, and Suiell of the Sun Joaquin j
Gun Club, they tieing with twenty birds j
each. In the shoot-off Fanning made \
seventeen, Trombone eighteen and Bhiell j
sixteen, giving the trophy to the Reliance
man.
The chief interest of the day centered in
the shoot-off of the tie between the team
from the Stockton Athletic Association
and the Los Angeles Gun Club. Yester
day both teams made scores of 102, and to
day thousands of people stood outside the
ropes to watch them decide the mastery.
Following is the result of the contest that
gave the trophy to Southern California.
Los Augeles Gun Club — Ralphs 19, Van
Valkentorg 15, Leighton 19, Mason 17, Chick ]
IS, Parker 17. Total, 105.
Stockton Athletic Association— Winders 14, ;
Gall 14, Bchaefex 17, 1\ Merrill 'ZO, Hum 10, J
Hauxhurst 18. Total, 99.
Nexi of interest was the shoot-off of the
ties for the "Gold Dust" and tbe E. T. i
Allen trophies. There were three who
tied at twenty birds each for the first- j
named trophy yesterday — Chick of San I
Dieco, Haas of Stockton and Barney of
the Lincoln Gun Club. To-day ChicK j
made 17, Haas IB aud Uarney 17- Cnidfj
and Baruey again shot, Chick scoring 17
and Barney 15; so Chick takes the "Gold
Dust medal this year. Last year it was
held by Shiell of Yisaha, who did the
best all-around shooting of the present
tournament.
The Olympic Gun Club won the State
championship cup of the association.
Following is a summary of the scores '
made:
San Joaquin Valley Gun Club— Wood 16, j
Rice 17, Shiell 18, Fox 16, Armitage 16, Me- !
Veegh 14. Totai, '.'7.
Olympic Gun cv.ib— Fanning 20, O. Feudner j
18, WeDb 1(), Naumenn 16, W. Golcher 15, I
Uaight 15. Total, 100.
Capital City <inn club— Up«o:i 11, Rubstnller {
I'J, Tnoinas 15, Newbert 17, Yoerk 14, Nieolaus
13. Total, 82.
Reliance— Cadman 13, Gross 12 Tubbs 12,
Q 3 Eo^oEi.E_ i E3-L i £>
William JE.SS£-^
L P^y rv r
Trombone 16, Ingalls 16, Baker 16. .Total, 82.
Eureka Gun Club— Pluke 15, Russ 14, Kelly
14, Williams 13, Gamble 11, Blame 16. Total,
83. ■  : . \ ■■•■-
Garden City Cyclers— Carroll 15, F. Coyken
dall 12, Holmes'l3, Anderson 15, R. Coyken
dall 16, Heidelberg 17. Total, 88.
Stockton Athletic Association— F. Merrill 16,
Winders 13. Schaefer 14, Gail 11, Haas 15,
Hauxhurst 17. Total, 86. ■
Antioch Gun Club— Durst 17. Ross 16, Dur
ham 19, Proctor 14,Romfree 14, Taylor 12.
Total, 92. ..'3&*ws3s
S;ockton Gun Club— Merrill 18, Balkwell
19, Ellis 16, Payne 15, Jessen 14, Loujers 15.
Total, 97.
Empire Gun Club— Younjr 12, King 16, Bil
lington 17, Andrews 12, Winning 18,Quinton
19. Total, 94.
Lincoln Gun Club— Bruns 16, Karney 14,
Barney 16, Murdoch 15, Flickinger IS. Daniels
14. Total-. 93.
Amador Gun Club— Esola 13, Whitfleld 13,
Proctor 13, Voorhies 16, Solari 12, Jarvis 17.
Total, 87.
Los Angeles Gun Club— Mason 15, Chick 18,
Parker 18, Leighton 16, Van Valkenberg 15,
Ralphs 17. • Total, 99.
Spoonbill Gun Cub of Sacramento—Fitzger
ald 16, Steiger 13, Chapman 18, Soule 12,
Damm 11, Eckhardt 15. Total, 95.
The third event of the day was the
shoot for the individual championship of
the California Inanimate Target Associa
tion. Sensaboy broke 20 straight birds
and took the championship medal. ChicK
took the second prize of $25, and Heidel
berg (Dr. Barker) secured third place.
Hauxhurst of Stockton made a fine
showing in all of the shoots, as Frank
Merrill, the youthful member of the
Stockton Athletic Association's team. In
the team shoot yesterday for the Overland
trophy he made 20 straight birds, and in
the shoot-off to-day made another run of
20. The best all-around shooting was
done by Smell of the San Joaquin Valley
Gun Club, who took away more money
prizes than any other man upon the
grounds.
The honors of to-day's shoot were di
vided between Fanning of the Olympics,
who did first-class work; Shiell of Visalia,
Trombone of the Reliance Club, Frank
Merrill of the Stockton Athletic Associa
tion and Sensaboy of Visalia. Trombone
of the Reliance Club did great work with
his Winchester and made some clean
scores. He thinks that he was defrauded
out of one bird and that he should have
been given a tie with Sensaboy lor the in
dividual championship of tie State. Last
year he was the winner of this medaL
On the whole the tournament was well
managed and the committee, headed by
Charles Haas of this City and President
Allen and Secretary Schaefer of the asso
ciation, deserves great credit for the man
ner in which it arranged to accommodate
the crowds of shooters who have faced the
traps for the past few days. Never before
in the history of trap-shooting in this
State were there so many entries as in the
tournament that closed this evening, arid
there has never been a meeting,oi the men
who break bluerocks that was as success
fully conducted as this shoot of the Cali
fornia Inanimate Target Association that
has just ended.
The club members who remained in town
sat down to a banquet in the "¥osemite
Hotel to-night.* They were a merry
throng, and there was not one who left
Stockton but who was well pleased with
the two days of sport in this city.
FRESNO'S CYCLING MEET.
Farmer Wins the San Joaquin Valley
Ten- Mile Handicap.
FKESNO. Cal., May 31.— The ten-mile
bicycle handicap, open to all wheelmen in
i the San Joaquin Valley, was run at the
fa. r grounds to-day in" the presence of a
large crowd. The following were the
starters: W. A. Decker, R. G. Bar
ton and R. D. Heriot, all of
'. Fresno, and J. W. Bell, Visalia, scratch;
i Baker, Visalia, 640 yards; J. Hertwi I.
Fresno, fiM) yards: Ed Myers, Visalia, 660
yards; Baker, Fresm>, 670 yards; Ritchio,
llaniord, 6-*(J yards; Bd H'Ttwick, Fresno,
: 810 yards; Locan, Fresno, 860 yards; A.
: Hoag, Fowler, 920 yams; Farmer. Fresno,
!L0 yards; Hanberger, Fresno, 1080 yards;
i Johnson, Fresno, 1100 yards.
Farmer won the race by a little over a
! foot from Hoag. Jubnson was third and
Ritchie firurth. Decker won the time
I prize in 2^:48, with Barton second. Ed
! Hertwick, who looked like a winner, was
ruled out early in the race.
A Chinese race, one mile, was won by
Sam Sue against four competitors.
Unnlii Cruz Team Defeated.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.. May 31.—Man
ager Ely tri>ed out three substitutes to-day
! in the baseball game with the Oakland
i league team. The result was that the
i Oaklands wiped up the earth with the
I locals. The large crowd in attendance
I was disgusted with the poor exhibition,
I feeling that the local team ought to have
I won from the visitors. The score was:
j Santa Cruz 3, Oakland 17.
i
'
I
—♦
Chntnpaubert Wins the Derby,
PARIS, France, May 31.—The French
derby was run to-day and was won by
Champaubert with Champignon second
and Trebous third. There were sixteen
starters. The winner was ridden by Boon,
Champignon by Pratt and Treboua by
Arlen.
♦ •
Lower* His Itlcycle Record.
LONDON, Eng., May 31.— Michael, the
''Little Wonder," has asain lowered his
bicycle record for seven miles. Yesterday
at Olympia, Kensington, he covered the
distance in 14 mm. 3-5 sec, his time being
two seconds less than that previously
made by him.
W <D\TZ
H Ca BRlKwcl.
NATIONAL SILVER
PARTY CIRCULAR,
Strong Appeal to Friends of
the White Metal to
Organize.
TO BREAK PARTY LINES
A Political Conflict Such as Was
Never Seen Before Is
Predicted.
LINING UP FOR THE BATTLE'
All Believers in the Restoration of
Free Coinage Are Urged to
Prompt Action.
WASHINGTON.D. C, May 31.— The fol
lowing circular has been given out for pub
lication:
Headquarters National Silver Party,)
Washington, D. C, May 30. i
To the Friends of Silver : Since the founding
of this party on Jauua?y 22, 1896, the work of
organization has been steadily but quietly
pursued, and the country has been aroused to
a pitch of excitement unknown since the Civil
War. Silver is on all lips throughout the land.
It is echoed and re-echoed from the gilded
mansion to the lowly cottage.
As each hour passes it becomes more ap
parent that a political conflict the like of which
has never been seen before i 3 just at band. It
must be clearly understood at once that party
lines cannot withstand this conflict, and so far
as the friends of silver are concerned, they
must not.
The party leader who puts in bis time mend
ing party lines while the silver cause suffers
will be relegated to a deserved seclusion.
There is no time for composing differences be
tween the men who do not agree on this ques
tion. The only thing to be considered is how
thoss-who do agiee can get together. They
who say they are for free silver and at the
same time plead for tb.3 unity of parties are
not the triends of silver and the suffering peo
ple. The unity of old parties is the death of
silver, as everybody knows.
Those who look to coming years for a peace
ful settlement of this matter mistake the con
dition of the times and the temper of the peo
ple. There can be no delay. Tho conflict will
not wait. The hour has come. The secret of
success in this conflict consists in the lining
up for the battle. Those who compose the
line must be friends, striking the same blows
for the same object. This breaks party lines,
and party lines once broken will never be felt.
The meeting of the earnest men on the 22d
of January, 1896, marked an epoch and will
live ia history. The convention which grew
out of it, to be held iv St. Louis on the 22d of
July, will undoubtedly be one of the most im
portant conventions and notable gatherings
ever assembled in this country. Upon the
wisdom of its acts and that of the People's
Party Convention, to be held at the same place
and time, depends the vital question as to
whether we can have a just settlement of this
money issue in our generation. If that issue
can be clearly presented to the voters of the!
United States stripped of all other political !
questions and under astandard and leadership I
which will command the confidence of the
people it will win by an overwhelming ma- :
jority.
Our friends are urged to pnsh the work of
organization with all possible vigor, giving no
heed to those who advi>e waiting the action of
the old parties that contain enemies as well
as friends of our cause. The power of our
organization to defeat the ambition of the j
Janus-faced politicians is being recoenized by j
all parties, hence clean-cut declarations for or 1
against silver are the rule in the local conven
tions of the old parties this year.
Our purpose is to unite for action nil be
lievers in the restoration of free silver and
prosperity. This cannot be accomplished by
inaction Or delay on the part of our friends.
The Republican party is committed to the cold
standard through the platforms of 80 percent
of the State conventions, and any straddle
that may be made in its National platform
will deceive no one.
The Democratic party must not expect the
country to arcept any candidate it may namo
acquiesced in by the gold wing of tnat party.
The question of vital importance is for free
silver men to name a candidate for President
whose nomination will be readily acquiesced
in by all believers in monetary reform.
Friends of silver, look to your interests and
organize now, while the fruit is ripe for pluck
ing. Do not -\fait on the problematical action
of any party. J. J. Morr, Chairman.
REPLIES TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The Actei lork "Time*" Sums Up the
Situation of the Democracy,
NEW YORK, N. V., May 31.— New
York Times to-morrow will print replies
from its correspondents throughout the
Union to the following set of questions:
Are the Democrats of your State in favor of
the gold standard or of the free coinage of sil
ver and gold at the ratio of 16 to 1 ?
What action will 'hey take through their
delegation in the National Convention?
Will the Populists of your State fuse with the
Democrats on a free sliver Presidential candi
date?
Would this combination carry yourStntef
Do tiie gold Democrats - of your State favor a
separate gold Democratic candidate if the Chi
cago convention declares for free silver ?
In summing up the situation the Times
says : g
The replies show that the results of the con
tests that are now assured will determine the
complexion of the Chicago convention. The
cold men will contest ninety-four silver seats
in Illinois, Nebraska and Texas, while the sil- !
ver. men will contest the eight seats of South
Dakota. In these contests will be found the
balance of power. Neither the gold nor the. :
silver men can secure two-thirds of the dele
gates. A majority of 200 would be the limit.
It may be safely predicted that the Demo
cratic convention will not straddle the finan
cial issue. Everything indicates that it will '
declare unmistakably for either gold or silver.
In almost every State the Issue has been made
between the silver men and the gold men.
Moreover, the Democrats will recognize the '
financial issue as paramount in the coming
campaign. With them the tariff has become
of secondary importance.
It is doubtful if there will be a bolt of any
considerable dimensions from the National
Democratic Convention. As to the silver men
they have announced their determination to
nominate an independent candidate if neither
party nominates a silver man.
A SENATORIAL SERMON.
Catholic* Are Cautioned as to I'rexiden
tial Candidates.
FRANKFORT, Ky., May 31.— Father
Tom Major, pastor of the Church of the
Good Shepherd, created something of a
sensation in his sermon to-day. After
reading a letter from the Bishop of this
diocese directing the "Young Men's Insti
tute, a Catholic organization, to s?nd let
ters to Governor McKinley, Senator Alli
son and other Republican and Democratic
Presidential possibilitieHaskttii? them fora
written statement of their sentiments in
regard to the A. P. A., he said the time
nail come when Catholics, in self-rrokc- :
tion, should know the sentiments of can- ■
didates for office on this subject. He also |
asserted that many Catholics who voted ,
for Governor Bradley were now sorry that '
they did so. He predicted that but few of i
those to whom the letters are to be asl- ]
dressed will give an answer to the query in j
regard to the A. P. A., but indicated that \
Catholics auouid affiliate only with those
who speak out in open hostility to the
order.
SILVER DEMOCRATS JURILANT.
The Sweeping Victory of Free Coinage
Men in Kentucky. 7
LEXINGTON, Ky., May 31.— The free
silver leaders are jubilant to-day over their
sweeping victory throughout the State
yesterday. Accurate figures on returns
from the entire State show 670 free coinage
delegated to the Democratic State Conven
tion, against 240 for gold. The silver men
carried every Congressional district in the
State except the Fifth, which is the Louis
ville district. The western end of the
State, including the First, Second, Third
and Fourth districts, did not send a single
sound money delegate, and. for that reason
the leader-, who have consulted with Sen
ator Blackburn, think it will be proper to
make a Western Kentucky man chairman
of the convention. The choice will prob
ably fall between ex-Congressman Good
night of the Third District and Congress
man Stone of the First.
Senator Blackburn is disnoseJ to be
magnanimous. He said to-night: "This
is no time for quarreling. The success of
the Democratic party ought now to be tbe
aim of every true Democrat We have
fought a good right and we have won. We
ought not to say an unkind word of our
late opponents, nor censure those who
came to us at the eleventh hour."
The friends of Carlisle and Cleveland are
not so easily propitiated, for they say they
will not vote for a free-silver candidate for
President. They openly avow their pref
erence for MfKinley or any other Repub
lican for President over a silver Democrat
running on a iree-nlver platform.
Senator Blackburn will probably be
made temporary chairman of the conven
tion Wednesday. Ha is in splendid spirits
to-night over his victory, and has received
hundreds of congratulatory telegrams from
all over the Union.
THROWS UP BOTH HANDS.
Watterson Says Kentucky /.« .Vote iv the
ItepuhUcm Column.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 31. — The
Courier-Journal, in an editorial to be pub
lished to-morrow, throws up both hands
as far as future Democratic success in Ken
tucky is concerned. It says the State ia
from now on iv the Republican column.
The editorial in part says:
"They (the Democrats) have repudiated
the only President the Democratic party
has elected and seated for fifty years.
They have repudiated tbe most dis
tinguished of Kentucky's living sons and
the greatest Democratic intellect in the
United States. They have spit upon the
fathers of the party whose name and
organization they claim; have proclaimed
Jefferson an ignoramus, Jack«on a con
spirator, Benton a knave and Cleveland a
traitor.
"For the faith handed down through a
hundred years of giorious party history
they have substituted a fad rejected by
every intelligent civilization on the globe,
and for the exponents of that faith they
have substituted such npostles of popu
lism as dtewart, such exliorters of social
ism as Tillman, evangelist of anarchism
as Altgeld.
"Saturday's work makes Kentucky Re
publican for years. Before Saturday
Bradleyism was dead, but Saturday made
it possible for any Republican to carry
Kentucky over a party which binds itself
to the corpse of free silverism. The ono
thing now for t;ie Kentucky Democracy ia
that the Chicago convention shall not
ratify its stupendous blunder, and that
chance seems till too remote."
MR. CLANRSON SERIOUSLY ILL.
Succumb* to Over- Exertion After a Tour
of the Country.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 81.— Junta 8.
Clarkson of lowa is seriously ill in his
apartments at the Fifth-avenue Hotel.
Mr. Clarkson has been ill for more than
two weeks, but his illness was not con
sidered of a grave nature. Yesterday,
however, after what had appeared to be a
period of sure recuperation, he had a re
lapse and was reported to be in a danger
ous condition.
Mr. Clarksnn, who is the member of the
Republican National Committee and the
acknowledged manager of the Allison
boom, returned from an SOOO-rnile trip
about the country a lew days before he be
came ill.
He was obliged, in fact, to come back
from Washington, where he had cone to
confer with Senator Quay and other mem
bers 01 theanti-McKinley combine. Owing
to his illness a consultation of the anti-
McKinley men was delayed lor several
days, but he was not stroug enough to at
tend the meeting.
It was said that had Clnrkson been con
tent to rest quietly and refrain from undue
exertion he would have recovered more
promptly, but that he was not content to
do this.
At a late hour to-night Mr. Clarkson was
said to be about the same.
OFER AN EMRANKMENT.
PittMburff Troll eu Car Jumps the Track,
Injuring Several Persons.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. May 31.— A trolley
car on the south-side branch of the Sec
ond-avenue Traction Company jumped
the track at Six-mile Ferry this afternoon.
It fell down an embankment about fifteen
feet and turned upside down, and the
twenty-seven passengers were thrown into
an indiscriminate mass in thetopof the
car. Ralph Clark of Mount Olher re
ceived a broken arm; C. Bitrman of South
Thirteenth street had his shoulder-4)lada
broten and the others escaped with minor *
juries.
1
1 1 mill OUGH on tbe face -
that is what the sarsaparillas and iodide
of potassium— mixed are. When : you
want a good sarsaparilla that will care
: constipation, liver complaint and affec-
tions of the kidneys take
No gripe.
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edw. W. JO7 Company — Gentle-
men: For almost a year past I have been
troubled with pains in my, back and side
from liver and kidney trouble; also head-
aches, especially in the morning. I was
attracted toward Joy's VegetaDle Sarsa-
parilla by the startling testimonials in the
daily papers, and, although prejudiced
against such things generally, tbe testi-
monials seemed so practical that I was in-
duced to try it, knowing that if it was
purely vegetable it could at any rate ao
me no harm.. After taking the second
'■ bottle my. aches and pains disappeared and
I I fait like a new man, and am still taking
I the medicine, as it is very pleasant to take
and acts as a gentle laxative. I cannot
! recommend it too highly. Yours truly,
1 J. R. FOURATT,
I Chief Wharfinger, foot of Clay street, Baa
. Francisco. HSR *FUNERALS FILL
ST, LOUIS STREETS
Continuous Streams of Car
riages, Punctuated by-
Hearses.
UNDER SOMBER CLOUDS.
Two Hundred Prisoners Set to
Work on the County Hos
pital Ruins.
RELIEF FOR THE DESTITUTE.
A Calamity of the Moscow Character
Narrowly Averted at a Rail
road Station.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 31.-Grand and
Florissant avenues, the main thorough
fares to Bellefontaine and Calvary ceme
teries, were covered to-day with a con
tinuous stream of carriages following the
victims of the tornado to their last resting- ■
places. The appearance of the hearses in. ;
the sad T>rocession alone punctuated the ;
points where one funeral party f tided and
another began. There was a sunless sky
and the somber clouds dripped a misty ;
rain, as if Nature was weeping at her own ,
dreadful work. Fitty-one of the victims'
were buried to-day in this city and thirty
nine in East St. Louis.
The work of searching the mins has ;
gone steadily on. Two hundred work- :
house prisoners were set to work upon the |
ruins of the City Hospital. Health Officer '•
fitarkloff is still o: the opinion tltac a mini
ber of bodies are under the ruins, and the j
work was pushed with vigor. Up to 6 p. h.
no bodies were found. Lack of laborers in
East St. Louis hampered search work. ■•
The labor agitator is abroad in that city
and his infamous work has had its effect,
M in some cases $1 an hour was demanded
'■ r 'c searching the ruins.
Three patients died in St. Mary's Hos- !
p'.tnl in East St. Louis to-day. They were i
John Kelly, Mrs.- Ellen Hennessy and '
Adolph Hanschel. Most of the work thece ]
is directed to searching the ruins of the
Vandalia freight depot and other build
ings about the eastern approach to the
Eads bridge.
All the railroads have placed on sale j
"tornado-rate" tickets at all points within j
a radius of 250 miles of St. Louis, and to
day there are 50,000 strangers here view
ing the ruins.
Relief work has been systematized.
Rev. Dr. W. W. Boyu, chairman of the
committee, says 3500 deserving applicants i
received assistance to-day. The fund for
this purpose this morning footed up $91.
-f>6S. The mails are beginning to bring sub
scriptions from the whole country. Whiie
the demand for heiD is ereat, it is still be
lieved that the citizens of this city will be f
able to care for all wit. -out appealing for |
outside aid.
The criminal exaggeration of damage
done to larpe buildinsrs and hotels by
newspaper correspondents is to be investi
gated. Not one large hotel in this city
puffered even temporary inconvenience.
The convention aun : toriurn, which was
represented to be obliterated, was slightly
dan;age<i. Contractor McClure repairc-d
the building in a few hours, and to-morrow
it will be turned over to the Business
Men's League, ready for occupation.
The city if rapidly recovering from the
shock of the disaster, and very ?O'>n the
Etorro will be only a date In local history.
The only addition to the death-list to
day was Carlo Ajonero, a peddler, who
died at the Alexian Brothers' Hospital at
[) p. m. There are three unknown corpses
at the City Morgue. The steady shower
to-day found hundreds of families unpro
tected save by nastily constructed lean
tos against the few remaining walls.
Some were provided with tents.
Three hundred of these were sent up j
from Jefferson Barracks to-day. The
Provident Association, the Business Men's :
League ar.d the Public Relief Committe?
have provided for 1.50 families, each re
ceiving food sufficient for two weeks, and
such shelter as could be secured. All the
transfer and express companies have
hauled free the few belongings of the
sufferers who secured rooms.
Attendance at all the churches was -:n
-usually large, and the services were
memorial in character. Dr. Schuyler,
dean of Christ Church Cathedral, held a
special afternoon service, at whic'i a large
sum was contributed to swell the relief
fund. The two services at Pilprim Con
gregational Church yielded nearly $1000.
Contributions were made in all the
churches *nd pledges made to continue
the relief until the need ci-ased.
Arrangements have been made by every
society, church and guild in the city for
benefit entertainments.
A panic was prevented to-night at Union
station by the prompt work of the special
detail of fifty policemen. The 50,000 out •
of-town visitors who had viewed the ruins
gathered at the station about 8 o'clock.
The Midway, the grand hall on the second
floor, the waiting-rooms and every passage
way were packed with humanity. It was
impossible to open the gates.
Assistant Chief Keiley marshaled a
•■quad of men at the Twentieth-street en
trance ana began forcing the crowd
through the baggage-tramway to the train
sheds. It took half an hour to relieve the
pressure. Women fainted, children
screamed and men fought. Three women
were injured and eight children were
separated from their friends. There are
probably a thousand strangers in the
lower half of the city to-night wandering
helpless in the dark ruins.
SEARCHING FOR
A DEAD DUNHAM,
\ Continued .from Unit Paot.\
same view as Mr. Haley, but there are
many who are quite as firmly convinced
that Dunham has gotten through the line*
and is rapidly lengthening the distance
between himself and the searchers about
Mount Hamilton. j
Still others believe that he is still in the
mountains, and that he will be able to re
main there for any length of time that he
chooses, and in perfect safety. The cus
tom of the country is to permit travelers
who may be hungry to enter the cabins
and help themselves in the absence of
the woodchoppers &v.a herders who occupy
them. •
They say that Dunham might hide in
the chaparral, concealed from searchers
all around him, and that he could watch
his opportunity to go out for food, and
having worked one of the gulches that
M\t m the mountain could maKe on to tne
next.
But all this is theory and speculation,
one way or another.
With the so-much-trusted buzzard to in
dicate the spot where it lies, it' Dunham's
body is not found to-morrow it is only
reasonable to admit that Dunham must be
alive. If he cannot be iound in the brush,
then he must have gotten out of it and
p'Auy. Tnrn it behooves the folks between
here and Texas to look for a well devel
oped murderer, who may be riding a wheel
or a horse, either, with equal dexterity.
The most interesting bit of news from
Smiths Creek to-day was the story of the
ride of Erne May W r ard, ayoune lady of 15
ye;irs, who walloped from her fatner's
ranch, some lifteen miles on the other side
of the summit, to Mount Hamilton to tele
phone to tne Sheriff for bloodhounds to
| follow a new trail discovered on her
j father's ranch.
THEIR SEARCH IS FUTILE.
Man-Hunters Find Xo Trace of Dunham
in the Mountains.
SMITHS CREEK, Cal., May 31.— The
pursuit of Murderer James Dunham to
day , was crowned by disappointment.
T.ioug-h startling reports frequently
readied the headquarters at Smiths Creek
during the day, wnen they were investi
gated it was found that nothing had been
discovered by any of the scores of search
ers which would indicate the direction of
Dunham's flight.
The news that created the most excite
ment at Smiths Creek during the day was
received by telephone from Mount Hamil
ton about 11 o'clock. It was to the effect
that footprints made by Dunham had been
! found on the Ward & Burgess ranrh, at
! the junction of the Arroyo Bio and San
! Isabel creeks, nine miles from Mount
; Hamilton.
In coming down the creek Constable
I Coschina discovered the tracks, which he
; at first supposed were made by Dunham,
a? they were made by pointed-toeu shoes
j and were the same as had been Been by
Bhi riff Lyndon in the morning. When
; Coschina arrived-at the Ward & Burgess
ranch at 10 o'clock yesterday niorninsr, he
j stayed there ami sent Ward's 15-year-old
; daughter to Mount Hamilton to telephone
to the Slujriff. Coschina and his party
I followed up the tracks s. short distance.
The fact that this place was in the
direction in which Dunham would prob
ably, have gone had the tracks discovered
I by District Attorney Herringion and posse
I near Wandell's been" his caused Sheriff
■ Lyndon to feel that the last find would
! prove to be of importance.
Sheriff Lyndon and Sheriff Ballou, with
! his hounds", left Smiths Creek immediately
| upon receiving the message with a foojr
; horse outfit and Everett Snell !and Oscar
i Parker, accompanied them un horseback
: and took with them an extra satldle-hor-t.
j Snell and Parker went to the top of tne
mountain Dy trail. The two parties met
at Wandells and thence proceeded, down
the hillside into the canyon, and tried to
se< the hounds on the frail.
The tracts led up to Arroyo Bid. which
is the chief branch of the San Isabel. It
was thought that if. Dunham had been in
that vicinity he would have followed the
creek to San Antonio Valley and tried to
i-o through Red Creek and out into the
S-n j^aquin plains to seek refuge in the
mountains back of Visaha, where Sontag
and Evans so successfully avoided the
officers for so many weeks.
The Sheriff's posse made a thorough
search in this locality. Footprints were
visible, but they were not made by Dun
ham, and tlure was not the slihtest evi
dence that he had reached the San Isabel
at that point. The footprints were evi
dently those of a fisherman.
The Sheriffs posse returned to Smiths
CreeKs at 7:45 o'cloclt this evening.
Constable Reynolds came into Smiths
Creek this afternoon from the direction of
San Antonio Valley. He left Constable
Coschina at the Summit mine, of Red
Creek, and Coschina made his way down
tlie Arroyo Bo to its junction with the
San Isabel.
He met the Sheriff's party at the Ward
& liurgess ranch. Coschina has been out
nearly all the time since he entered the
search. He has a strong horse and carries
plenty of ammunition.
Nearly all the sheriff's posse are now of
the opinion that Dunham has kilied him
self* and this is the prevailing opinion at
Smiths Creek among those who are in
the search. Sheriff Ballou is also of this
mind.
There was a heavy hailstorm in the
gn en Thursday night. Dunham was un
doubtedly exhausted, knew tnat he was
surrounded by men, ali of whom wera de
termined :o take him dead or alive, and it
is probable that he, rather than fall into
the hands of the law, took his life.
With the occupants of nearly every
cabin in the mountains apprised of the
I crime he had committed, the probability
! that every avenue of escape would be
i guarded and starvation staring him in the
j frice so long as he remained in the
j gnlch, he likely realized that the chances
for getting away were slight. He had only
one haif-pound of bacon and two pounds
of dried, oruues for food after he robbed
Parker's caoih Thursday evening.
"GETTIBNG DONE TO CASES."
How Dunham Represented Jilt finan
cial Status to a Neighbor*
SAX JOSE, Cal., May 31.— There seems
to be much confusion as to the amount of
money Dunham took with him. He is
quoted as saying to his neighbor and ac
quaintance a few days before the murder
that he was ''fretting down to cases," hav
ine only about $300 left.
It is known that he drew out $1000 from
the savings bank here on the day before
the murder, closing his account. He is
reported again to have sold out his nursery
enterprise at Chico for $10,000, and some
people who claim to know estimate his
worth at this time to be about $12,000.
This, however, can hardly be true.
It is known that his mother left neither
of the sons much money, and certainly this
vagabond who has developed into a mur
derer never accumulated any by himself.
It is said that "Old Kate," Dunham's
mother, hated her son "Jim" because in
the quarrel that separated the father and
mother "Jim" sided with the father.
When the father went away Jim went
with him.
When Dunham was married to his
brother's nance, Hattie Wells, it was gen
erally understood that he had no money.
The young couple went away to get up
their establishment elsewhere. •
It was given out at that time that Dun
ham had a small sum, but it was generally
understood in the neighborhood by the
neighbors that the McGhncys cave it to
him, as they were a rather" high-strung
family and did not wish the idea to be
come current that their daughter had
married a penniless man.
How much of all this is true cannot be
stated, but it is certain that it was only
since he married that Dunham quit work
ing at manual labor and turned gentle
man. I;-."*'; -■'.
ffimtitm Srarch. Xear Livermore.
LIVERMORE. Cal., May 31.-Constable
Fitzgerald and Town Marshal Taylor re
turned to-niirht after three days' search for
murderer Dunham. They scoured the hills
and canyons betwoen Livermore and
Mount Hamiiton without success. They
were with Sheriff Lyndon last night at
HuoDard's ranch, thirty-five miles from
L.vermore, on San Isabel treek.
H. M. 8. Northampton has gone on a
rive month- crui.-e round the coasts of
England ;ind Scotland and the south eoa*t
of !nlan<l to recruit for the nary. She
left Chatham • fortnight ago and is cruis
ing round the coa.st picking up boys at
each port. The plan is a most excellent
one, and has already been tried with sue
cess.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1896.
THE BERMUDA'S
TRIP A FAILURE.
She Returns to Philadelphia
After a Thrilling
Experience.
CARGO IN THE OCEAN.
Chased and Fired Upon by
Spanish Gunboats, but Out
runs Them.
SHELLS FELL THICK AND FAST.
Many of Her Crew Missing— Some
Drowned, Others Undoubtedly
Captured and Shot.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 31.— A1l
! conjecture regarding the whereabouts of
i the now famous filibustering steamer
Bermuda were set at rest to-day when she ,
steamed up the Delaware River and made [
■ fast to her pier. She came from Puerto i
! Cortez, Honduras, and, instead of arms j
i and ammunition, her cargo consisted of ;
j 8400 bunches of bananas and 8000 silver j
I dollars. The silver was taken out to buy
fruit, but the strike among the fruit-cut
| ters made it impossible to secure a full j
• cargo. The attempt to land her outward j
i cargo and passengers on Cuban soil was a j
I fiat failure, and the escape of the vessel !
j from destruction by Spanish shell was j
1 little short of a miracle.
The Bermuda sailed from Philadelphia I
on April 24 in command of Captain i
; O'Brien for Jacksonville. She sailed from '
■ the latter port on Aprii 26 in command of
! Captain Riley, who succeeded O'Brien.
The expedition was made up of ninety-six
I men from Key West, Tampa and ( Phil a-.
; delphia in command of General Vidal, a \
', soldier of the former resolution and a na- i
! tive of Santiago de Cuba. The cargo. con- !
' sisted of two Gatling guns, 1000 rifles, 500.- j
; 000 rounds of ammunition and 1000 pounds
j of dynamite.
'• An attempt was made under General •
i Vidai's order to land oa the night'of May
4at a point on the coast. of Cu'ua ten miles j
west of Cardenas. A Spanish gunboat i
was seen-early in the evening, but it was
thought the did not notice the Bermuda, '
1 and eight boats with forty-nine men were i
! in :the water about one and ono-half miles j
: from the coast when a searchlight from an- 1
i approaching cruiser was flashed over the i
j entire party. Ail hands were instantly in j
j a state of hopeless demoralization, and a !
desperate attempt to get back to t! c
steamer was made. Only a few, however,
i reached the Bermuda, which was started
j at once at full speed.
She nad only run about eight miles when
a second gunboat started in pursuit, wbich '
' was kept up until daylight. There were
repeated flashes and roars of the guns on
the Spanish gunboat. Solid shot and
bursting shells fell thick and fast u t ; til the
i distance between the vesseis increased, ;
j the Bermuda beinc forced to her utmost i
! speed, and when day dawned the gunboat :
| could not be seen.
Two days later the steamer arrived at '
Truxiilo, Honduras, the balance of the !
material having been thrown overboard
I during the race.
Five or the party were drowned in at
tempting to make the landing. The fate
of ihe others is not known, but it is be
lieved that the greater number were caught
on the coast and probably shot by the !
! Spaniards. At least twenty-three of the '
party are missinn. The otner passengers !
were landed on the coast of Honduras and i
afterward at Mobile, Ala., on the steamer |
Clearwater. Ttie fate of Dr. Emilio Cabana
is unknown, but he is believed to have j
been amonsr those lost.
SENATOR MORGAN TALKS.
■
H« Flays the President for His Auto- \
cratic Conduct.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 31.— Sena- ;
tor Morgan of the Senate Committee on!
Foreign Relations and author of the joint !
resolution recognizing the existence of a ;
i state of war in Cuba ana declaring the !
; neutrality of the United States, when ;
> askeil to-day concerning the possibility of J
securing action upon the resolution before !
adjournment said: I
'Unless the House shall act upon i
Hyde's resolution, which is identical with'
j the resolution offered by me in the Senate I
that is now held up in the committee on I
Foreign Relations, Congress will probably !
disperse bofore any further action is pos
sible. That responsibility will doubtless \
hasten the dispersion of some Senators.
I The disposition of the majority of the Sen
ate committee is to devolve upon the Pres
ident a respoMbility that he is evidently
eager to assume."
"And," he says, "for a Government
with three co-ordinate departments, of
which we boa?t, we are making a strange
and rapid movement toward re-establish
ing the royal prerogative in the hands of
our executive as an uncontrollable power.
If any British constitutional power was
: destroyed in America by the revolution oi
1776 it was the prerogative of the crown.
If the President, acting alone, can substi
tute the entire body of the laws of war for
the laws of peace which now govern our !
relations with Cuba, and if he can make
this total revolution of our legal status as
citizens and as a Nattion binding upon us
by his proclamation, it is in vain that we
abolished the royal prerogative in our
Federal constitution."
Pursuing this point further Mr. Morgan
said: "In the present state of political
agitation in the country it is dangerously
apparent that a declaration of war with
Spain or the declaration of the existence
of a state of war in Cuba, made on the sole
authority of the President, would create a
fever of excitement in the country tnat
would remove all other questions now
under discussion in the minds of the
people and would control the Presidential
elsction near at hand."
Mr. Morgan d9clared that if after such a
declaration by the proclamation of the
President Congress should refuse to sus
tain the movement, a condition of anarchy
would follow, and he is firmly convinced
that the President will not venture on so
dangerous a course when Congress dis
perses.
Alluding to the actual existence of war
in Cuba, notwithstanding the paper and
diplomatic denials thereof by Spain, Mr.
Nl organ pays Spain violates her treaties
with the Un;ted States for offenses (which
he enumerates) before military tribunals
organized to convict, and the only meanß
to prevent such conduct is to declare the
existence of a state of war in Cuba, unless
we declare war and fk'ht it out.
Senator Morgan, following up the sub
ject in a substantial reiteration of many of
the remarks made by him in his speeches
on the Cuban question, asserts as follow.":
"The President has refused to iuform
Congress of the attitude of the Executive
Department as to the conviction and sen
tence to death of our citizens who were
capiured on the Competitor. That i 3 not
a negotiation. No new trenty is needed to
cover our rights on that subject. It is an
accomplished fact, nnd the victims are in
prison under a void sentence insultingly
imposed upon them. It was not the con
stitutional right of the President to with
hold these facts from Congress, but be
availed himself of th 6 courtesy of the Sen
ate to decline to give any information on
the subject in response to a resolution of
the Senate.
"Congress has no official information as
to this incident of the war, and the Senate
has by resolution requested its Committee
on Foreign Relations to report on the
rignts of our citizens under our treaties in
cases of capture like that of the Com
petitor."
The facts, he thinks, should be in
quired into, and it ought not to be left to
the "President alone to decide the fate of
the prisoners under death sentence with
out their immediate representatives in
either House being informed of the
grounds of their condemnation."
RECENT BATTLE IN CUBA.
The Spaniards Victorious, of Course.
Execution of Prisoners Gnes On.
HAVANA, Cuba., May 31.— A summary
of the official reports of the engagements
that took place on Friday between Gov
ernment troops and rebels shows that ihe
insurgents lost twenty-nine killed and two
wounded, and the troops four killed, in
cluding a captain and a lieutenant, and
thirteen wounded.
Francisco Pelaez Aguilar has been shot
at Puerto Principe for the crime of rebel
lion. Jose Rodriguez Exposito has been
executed at Matanzas for the same crime.
The authorities at Puerto Principe are
strengthening the defenses of the city,
fearing an attack by the insurgents. The
band of Emilio Collazo has destroyed the
buildings and growing crops on the Andrea
estate near Batabpno. It is said that a
filibustering expedition under Rafael
Cabrera has landed at Puma de Ganado,
near Neuvitas.
Reports received here state that three
columns of Spanisn troops, acting to
gether, met a force of rebels near Mani
caragua, in the Rpmedios distric:-, and
after a sharp fight succeeded in dislodging
the insurgents from the strong positions
occupied by them and compelling them to
retreat, leaving fifty dead on the field.
Among the insurgents killed were the
leaders Toledo and Fonseca. The rebels
also lost forty wounded. The loss of the
troops is- not stated.
General -Ochoa reports that his com
mand has defeated the rebel bands under
•Pancho and. Rodriguez near Jaruco, in the
Havana province, Kilting fourteen of the
insurgents. Three of General Ochoa's
force were wounded.
SMALLPON IN MORO CASTLE.
Sixteen Victims of the Disease Removed
to the Hospital.
KBYWEBT, Fia., May 31.— Private ad
vices received in this city last night slate
that smallpox is raging in Moro Castle,
Havana. On the "J4th sixteen cases were
removed from Moro to the hospital.
Rebels Defeated, nt Clenfuego*.
MADRID, Sfaot, May 3l. —A dispatch to
the Imparcial from Havana says that a
Spanish force has defeated the rebels at
Cienfueeos, killing fifty of them.
LOS ANGELES CHURCH WAR.
Rev. Burt Estes Howard Suspended by
the Presbyterian General Assembly
at Saratoga.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. May 21.— 1n days
! agone the First Presbyterian Church of this
: city was among the strongest evangelical
! organizations in Los Angeles. Its house
| of worship stood at the corner of Broad
[ way and Second street, where now stands
a great business block, almost in the very
heart of the business center of the city.
Some of the ablest ta'ent in that denomi
nation from time to time edified and en
tertained some of the most intelligent and
fashionable audiences that ever gathered
in Los Angeles. Those were happy and
prosperous days for the First Church.
They now, alasl seem gone forever.
The church has been split in twain, and
i one of its pastors has been suspended
from the ministry by the action of the
General Assembly at Saratoga, N. V.,
after one of the hottest lights ever known
i to its denomination.
I A division arose over the sale of the
I valuable property referred to and the
| selection of a new site, which, by the
j action of the presbytery, was settled on a
| basis of two organizations— the Central
I and the Westminster.
The dissatisfied appealed to the synod
I over the question of the money involved
I in the settl ment, wherein the Westmin
ster wing declined to divide proceeds of
I the sale. The synod reversed the decision
! of the presbytery by which Rev. Bert
j Howard was suspended, and tne session
was dissolved. The synod did, however,
sustain the presbytery in dividing the
church, but the Central people had yet the
"court of last resort" — the Genera! Assem
bly — and to this body it ".vent for redros.
The General Assembly is now in session
at Saratoga. The battle has been lost and
I won, and Bert Estes Howard is a sus
pended niiniater and the Westminster
Presbyterian Church of Loa Angeles holds
no services.
LOS ANGELES MEXICAN SHOT.
Outcome of an Old Quarrel—The Man Is
Expect'd to Die.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., May 31.— As the
| result of an old quarrel Allen Kingsbury
j shot Rafael Vajalva near Compton this
afternoon. The injured man is expected
to die.
About 4 o'clock Kincrsbury was return
ing from the aepot to his home, and when
nearly there met Vajalva walking in tht 1
road with another Mexican. Vajalva told
Kingsbury to stop, and then, so the latter
claims, reached back as though to draw a
pistol.
The weapon stuck in the pocket and
while Vajalva was trying to get it loose
Kingsbury drew a revolver and shot the
other. The bullet entered the left side
below the ribs. The companion of Vajalva
fled and Kingsbury hurriedly drove honio.
He was arrested later. Kingsbury claimed
that Vajalva threatened last Tuesday to
kill him.
PICNIC AT SAN JOSE
Pleasant Outing of the J-'ruit and Poultry
Dealers' Association.
SAN JOSE, Cal, May 31.— The first
grand outinp of the Fruit and Poultry
Dealers' Association was held at Agricul
tural Park tn-dny, and for numbers and
quietness, the affair eclipsed any of the
kind in this vicinity this season.
The; best of order was maintained all
day, and Officer* Charleston and Ward of
the San Francisco police force, who wtre
detailed to accompany the picnickers,
found little to do except to keep a passage
way clear for foot-racers and bicycle-riders
while the prize contests were on during
the afternoon.
* '!
OREGON FIRES
THE FIRST GUN.
Free Coinage the Issue in
the State Election
To-Day.
BITTER PARTY STRIFE.
Gold-Standard Men Fighting to
Gain a Senator and Two
Representatives.
MANY TICKETS IN THE FIELD.
The Erratic Ex-Governor Pennoyer
Likely to Be Chosen Mayor
of Port. and.
PORTLAND, Or., May 31.— The Oregon
State election to-morrow will have sig
nificance and interest as being the "first
gun" of the Presidential campaicn. It
will, however, be impossible for politicians
in other States to get much satisfaction
from the result because of the demoralized
condition oi the three parties. Ever since
the fighting and .shooting at the April pri
maries in this city this campaign has been
intensely exciting, and never before was
there an election which caused more
anxiety than the one which will take place
to-moorow.
Two Congressmen are to be elected— one
for each district — together with a Supreme
Judge and city, county and legislative
officers throughout the State. In nearly
every county and city there are three
tickets in the field — Republican, Demo
cratic and Populist — and in some cities
there are independent tickets and two Re
publican tickets.
In the First Congressional District T.
•H. Tongue is the Republican nominee,
Jefferson Myers the Democratic and W. S.
Vanderberg the Populist. Tongue will un
doubtedly be elected, with Vanderberg a
fair second. Tongue's position on tne
coinage question is nebulous, though he
is supposed to be against the free coinage
of silver.
In the Second Distric f , including Port
land, the nominees are: W. R. Ellis, Re
publican and present Congressman; H.
H. Northup, Independent Republican; A.
S. Bennett qf/rhe Dailee, Democratic, and
Martin Quinn of Portland, Populist. Eilis
is the regular nominee and has voted for
free coinage in Congress. Hi& friends
claim that he is yet for free coinage, while
some of them maintain that he will stand
upon the St. Louis platform, let it be
what it may.
Tne big fight is in the Second District.
The '"sound" money leaders were not
satisfied with the nomination of Ellis at
the State convention. They put up Judge
H. H. Northup, who has been conducting
a vigorous "sound" money campaign.
His election is claimed by his friends,
but it is not likely. He will draw
i: sound" money votes from Ellis, the reg
ular nominee, and a few from Bennett,
the Democratic nominee. Both Bennett
and Quinn are for silver. There are
three silver candidates and one gold
standard man. Northup may withdraw
enough votes from Ellis to elect the Pop
ulist Quinn. The general belief is that
Ellis will be elected, with Quinn a close
second.
On the election of members of the Legis
lature depends the return of Hon. John
H. Mitchell to the Senate. He stands for
free silver. Most of the outside .legislative
nominees are for silver, but possibly not
enough to elect him without the Multno
mah County members. A bolting county
convention was held in Portland, which
named legislative candidates favorable to
M itchell. The regular convention named
candiflates who are against Mitchell and
free coinage and probably for ex-Senator
Dolph.
The bolters have taken the name of
Mitchell Republicans. They named Gen
eral Charles F. Beebe for Mayor The
regular Republicans nominated D. Solis
Cohen, and the Democrats, Populists and
Taxpayers' League combined on ex-Gov
ernor Sylvester Pennoyer. The chances
of election are in favor of Pennoyer, but
with six tickets in the field prophecies are
uncertain. There are Democrats, Repub
licans, Mitchell Republican?, Populists,
Middle-of-the-Road Populists and Tax
payers' League, and never was there such
a political mix-up in Portland. Each has
named candidates, who now number 312,
for about forty county, legislative and city
offices.
LOS A NGELES DEMOCRATS.
Buckley's Fight to Control the County
/W'l/i.'liiin.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 31.— The
strife at the late meeting of the Los An
geles Covinty Democratic Central Com
mittee will be renewed at next Tuesday's
primaries. The Patton-Stephens-Harris-
Gaffey element made a winning at that
time against the Mitchell-Mnrsh-McCaf
fery-railroad faction by the small majority
of two votes, so it can be seen that honors
are about equally divided so far as the
"machinery" of the party is concerned.
As the record now stands the Patton crowd
is on top, as it won the fight for precinct
instead of ward primaries.
' The result of the primaries will deter
mine whether General Last or George S.
Patton shall be chairman of the county
convention on June 18. It is known that
Buckley's hand has been thrust into this
local fight on behalf of the Last-Mitchell
contingent. If the Patton faction makes a
winning in the primaries and the conven
tion, which now seems probable, Buck
ley's Sau Francisco following will be given
but little comfort from Los Angeles
County. On the contrary, if the opposi
tion should force to the jont there will be
an immense leverage available to Buckley
in his fight against the San Francisco
Junta.
The delegates at large from the State
will probably be S. M. White, W. W.
Foote, George 8. Patton and Barney Mur
phy, although the northern Democrats
speak of Pond instead of Patton.
WARRING FACTIONS IN FRESNO.
Cleveland Democrats Fighting to Control
the. County Convention.
FRESNO, Cal., May 31.— The Democrats
will meet in county convention to-morrow
to select delegates to the State Conven
tion, and an interesting time is assured.
The goid-.standar>« leaders have already or
ganized to run ihings Iheir own WRy, while
the silver men, although not organized aa
yet, promise to do some lively work on the
floor of the convention. A majority of the
delegates will be silver men. but neverthe
less the opposition hopes to elect its dele
gates to the State Convention.
The "sound" money Democrats here are
ail enthusiastic administration Democrats
and they would like to indorse Cleveland
! and gold in California. They are exceed
i ingly anxious to have no platform about
I anybody or anything. They are vigor
j ously advocating that no public expres
sion should be made until the National
Convention speaks on the great issues of
tariff, finance and funding. It is urired
that this should be done to prevent a BpHt
in the party.
The siiverites, headed by Assemblyman
N. L. F. Bachman, ex-Assemblyman E.
H. Tucker and others, point out that the
proposition of the gold adherents .is but a
ruse to get their representatives to the
State convention. Bachman and Tucker
have announced that they will make them
selves heard in the convention, and they
claim that when the country delegates
have matters explained to them they will,
without question, snow under the goldbug
inspirations.
Many of the gold men are in favor of
j funding the Pacific roads' debts, and an
attempt will be made to keep the conven
tion bilent on this issue. But Messrs.
Bachman and Tucker say that they will
have an anti-funding plank indorsed. It
is reported that some want to indorse the
administration of Governor Budd, but
numerous applicants for appointments
that never came will undoubtedly stop
that.
The goldites have fixed upon E. D. Ed
wards for chairman of tne convention. If
they cannot elect him they will try to
elect Judge M. K. Harris. The country
delegates will not arrive until the morn
ing, and thn silverites have not decided
upon their candidate as yet. Assembly
man Bachman will likely be the man.
The following is the gold-standard slate
for the selection of delegates to the State
Convention: E. D. Edwards. W. W. Phii
! lips. John McMullin, Dr. W. T. Maupin,
\V. I>. Crichton, James A. Burns of Selma,
1 M. K. Harris, Captain Frank Barrett of
Selma, J. P. Meux, George E. Church, L.
\V. Moultrie.
An attempt will be made to indorse Mr.
Church for delegate to the National Con
vention.
As a result of the strife the silverites
will attempt to oust the present county
central committee, of which Dr. Maupin
I is chairman.
San Mateo Democrats.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal,, May 30.— At a
meeting of the Democratic County Central
Committee yesterday these delegates
to the State Convention at Sacramento on
June 16 were appointed: Martin Kelly,
Colma; William F. Swift, Belmont; John
B. Kelly, Mrnlo Park; Hermann Schuitz,
Purissima; James McCormicK, Pescadero;
at ffcrge, George W. Fox, Redwood City.
The delegation will go uuinstructed and
will vote as a unit.
FATAL MODESTO AFFRAY.
Two Men Fight in a Saloon and
the Neck of One Is
Broken.
He Dies Ten Minutes Later, After De
manding an Apology From
His Assailant.
MODESTO, Cai.., May 31.— A row in Lv j
Comin's saloon this evening terminated in
the death of Ed Bolton. H;S neck was
broken by a kick, but he lived for over ten ;
minutes after receiving the fracture, and j
talked calmly with those about him.
Bolton, who was a laborer on the ranch
of O. McHenry, came to town to-day and
in company with two companions pro- ;
ceeded to have a gay time. When in
i omin's saloon Bolton missed his hat, and |
seeing two hats in the possession of one of ;
his con.panions, T. A. Bookman, he tried j
to obtain possession of one. Bookman |
warned him to desist. Boiton struck at j
Bookman, who struck back, flooring him. i
Bookman then kicked Bolton under the
left ear.
Bolton was picked up and put into a
chair. He told Bookman to apologize for
having struck him. Bookman approached
the chair, but his victim was dead.
Bookman ran out of the saloon, but Offi
cer Davis capiured him, booking him at !
the County Jail for murder. Bookman is !
a blacksmith, about 25 years old. Bolton I
.was about .50 years of age.
VALLEY ROAD PROGRESS.
Tracklayers Reach a Point but Three Miles
From Merced— Prospective Line South
From Fresno.
MERCED, Cal., May 31.— After a cessa
tion of six days tracklaying was resumed
o n the San Joaquin Valley Railroad yes
terday. The constructors are about three
miles from this city, and will reach the
limits on Monday evening. The delay
was caused by trouble between the bridge
contractor and his men, but the differ
ences have been settled. The grade has
been completed to the city for several
days. Contractor McDougald is pushing ;
the work on Twenty-fourth street with
dirt teams, and will have that portion in
shape by the time the tracklayers arrive.
FRESNO, Cal.. May 31.— The commit
tee of ten has received .word from Sin
Francisco that a committee oi directors of
the Valley road will be in Fresno on June
5 to confer with the local committee and
property-owners alontr the surveys of
routes south of this city regarding rights
of way. The railroad company wants
reasonable right of way concessions or it
will not proceed with" the construction
from Fresno to tfakersneld this summer.
The committee will confer with property
owners along the two survey, by way of
Visalia and by way of Hanford. It is be
lieved that trie wishes of the company will
be complied with, as the people are v»*ry
anxious to hay* the road completed to the
southern part of the valley this summer.
HERMANS LOCATED.
Seen by a Drummer on a Train a Fete
Days Ago.
SALT LAKE. Utah, May 31.— 1t is be
lieved that Rev. Francis Hermans has
been located.
O. M. Nolan, an employe of the Califor
nia Wine Company, declares he met Her
mans in his recent travels, and was on a
railroad train with him two days. From
the description given he is certain he has
made no mistake in the man.
For the purpose of receiving the reward
Nolan left this city to-day, accompanied
by two officers, to make the arrest.
He will not say w iere he is going, but it
is believed it is somewhere in the wilds in
Idaho. He ."ays Hermans will be found at
a point seventy miles from railroad or tel
egraphic communication.
♦
Pr.taluma*M Celebration.
PETALUMA; Cal., May 31.— The 4th of
July celebration committee is busily en"
gaged in securing additional attractions
for that day. The entertainment will be
opened the evening of the 3d with a bi
cycle, lantern parade, followed by a ereat
company of "Growlers." Colonel Fair
banks and Captain Maciay anticipate the
presence of the Fifth Regiment here from
the 3d to the sth.
. Attempted Suicide at Redwood.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., May 31.-John
dynes, a veteran of the late war and a
member of the local post of the Grand
Army of the Republic, attempted to com
mit suicide last night by cutting his throat.
A physician was called in and closed the
wound with several stitches, and Clynes
will recover. The attempt was probably
the result of drink and despondency com
bined.
SEATTLE'S DUSKY
PRINCESS DEAD,
Angeline of the Klickitats
Joins the Fathers of
Her Tribe.
MOURNED BY WHITES.
Years Ago She Saved Settlers
in the New Town From
Massacre.
BETRAYED A KEDSKIN PLOT.
Was a Daughter of the Noted Cnief
From Whom the City Took
Its Name.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 31.— Death
claimed one of Seattle's noted characters
to-day in the person of Princess Angeline,
daughter of Chief Seattle, from whom the
city took its name. This Indian queen
will ever be held in grateful remembrance
by pioneers of Seattle, from the fact that
she betrayed a plot of her own people to
massacre the entire population of the vil
lage, amounting to four or five hundred
souls.
Throughout 1855 many depredations
were committed by Indians on both sides
of the Cascades, white men being mur
dered in great numbers. The people of
Seattle, in the fall of that year, hanged
two or three Indians for the murder of
two wnite men on the shore of Lake Union.
This incited the red men to even greater
hostilities, and in January, 1856, 1000
Klickitat and Duwamish Indians, u^'jer
Chiefs Leschi anil Cloycu'.n. (fte'hUtiJuF
Leschi Park in this city tak« it? narue
from the former), assembled .upon the
eastern there of Lake Washington.
It was' arranged . that the attack upon
Seattle should be made at 10 «3 : clock on
this morning of Janrary 26, anc^! another
simultaneously upon Fort isJ'teilacobm.
Angeline ; imparted Information of /.Uie
proposed butchery * to, i-Jber "pale-faced
"Tiili'oanas" three or days in advance,
so the whites were enabled to make fairly
good preparations for the defense.
Indeed by chance Seattle had in her
harbor a regular man-of-war, the old De
catur. :v \V". ? - .
All day on the 25th Indians were cross
ing Lake Washington in canoes and situ
ing, preparatory to the attf ck on the fol
lowing morning, in the woods and on
the hills where are now the most beautiful
residences in the city.
Meanwhile the whites were not idle. A
few women residents took refuge upon the
boats, and on the morning of the 28th,
about 8 o'clock, the Decatur, commanded
by Captain Gansvoort, began shelling the
I hills.
A land force consisting of ninety-six
' marines and the male residents of the
j town,' divided into four divisions, com
j manded by Lieutenant Phelps, Drake,
j Hughes and Morse, kept up the attack.
The Indiana returned ar.d fought
; savagely for an hour or more, but were
! finally forced to retreat. No whites were
killed and the Indian loss was light.
Angeline was no doubt actuated in her
course by the teachings of her royal sire,
who always sought to maintain friendly re
lations with the whites on Puget Sound.
Ever after this memorable event she was
looked upon as the savior of th-? town,
and for years the County Commissioners,
in recognition for her services, have pro
vided her with whatever she might desire
in the way of the necessaries of life; but
be it said to the Indian princess' credit
that she seldom availed herself of tnis op
portunity. - '..!*"■
Some enterprising real estate men pro
posed taking Princess Angeline to the
World's Fair as an advertisement for the
State, but she flatly refused to lend her
self to any such purpose.
She was time and again tendered a com
fortable house and home by older resi
dents of the city, but she steadfastly de
clined the kindly offers, spending her de
clining years where she died in a typical
Indian hut overlooking the sound.
It was in October prior to the attempted
massacre that brave Lieutenant Slaughter
was shot down on the site of the town in
this county bearing his name, while lead
ing his men against a band of hostile
Duwamish Indians. Slaughter was a grad
uate of West Point, and he is favorably
mentioned in General Grant's memoirs.
The river Jordan makes the greatest de
scent in the shortest distance of any
stream. During its course of 120 miles it
has twenty- seven falls and descends 3000
feet.
NEW TO-DAT.
What Will His
Mamma say to the .children's
overcoats we have just received,
500 of them at $4.50. See them
in the Post-st. window — and
something similar to them else-
where at $6.50. Fancy plaids,
single o r double breasted capes,
latest effects for little shavers 2£
*o 6. Will mamma please look ?
Latest in Fauntleroy Blouse, 50c and 75c
Straw hats, many of many kinds, 1.5 c.
Have you tried us with a mail order ?
34
OLYMPIA, A GEM
OF THE PACIFIC,
Resources and Industries of
Washington's Pretty
Capital.
DELIGHTFUL CLIMATE.
Favored by Nature in Its Mag
nificent Location and
Surroundings.
A BUSY COMMEECIAL CENTER.
Inexhaustible Forests cf Fir and Cedar.
Splecd:d Opportunities lor En
terprise :nd Capital.
OLYMPIA, Wash., May 23.— Beautifully
located at the head of navigation on Pupet
Bound lies the city of Olympic, the capital
of the Bt«te of Washington and the county
Beat of Thursion County. • ■':;.•
With a population of over 5003, located
VIEW OF SOI THEAST OLYMPIA, WITH MOUNT RAINIER IN THE BACKGROUND.
From a jh tog aph b'j Dack'.ring.]
on the two sides and end of the bay which '
forms its harbor, a grand amphitheater,
with many beautiful i fines and superb
scenery, is presented. Being the capital
city, it is especially distinguished for its
intelligence, refinement and excellent so
ciety. All the leading churches, fraterni
ties and societies are here found, and the
public school buildings, all brick struct
ures, are surpassed nowhere in the North
west.
No city in the Piißet Sound country has
a liner situation than Olympia. It is not
only a city specially favored by nature in
its beautiful location and surroundings,
but it stands to-day as a powerful factor
for the future growth and development of j
the State of Washington.
As a business and commercial center the
city is compactly built on the water front,
the land and site of the city being nearly
level, with a landlocked harbor free from
wind and storms. Magnificent advantages
are offered (or warehouses and unnu- j
Jactures on her docks and along the water
front. Unlimited quantities of natural
productions and raw materials are near at
hand, and efford excellent opportunities
for mills and factories in great variety.
The ::dv;.n;aires of this location have never
been advertised to the wond, and the
ground floor is now open for the investor,
capitalist ana manufacturer.
The position of Olympia, yituatpd as it
is, with a large' harbor at the head of navi
gation on Puget Sound, is a commanding
one and must at an- early date secure the
attention of enterprising men with energy,
thrift and capital. There is no place in
the Pacific Northwest where capital can
be more safely invested in the develop
ment of the natural resources than at
Olympia. From her location she can con
trol the entire business of the lower sound
country.
The business of Puget Sound will soon
be the Mediterranean trade of America.
Her vessels already have an extensive'busi
ness with Alaska, San Francisco. Southern
California, tne Central American States,
China and Japan.
An immense amount of valuable fir and
cedar timber stands within .sasy reach,
furnishing excellent opportunities for log
ging and lumbermen and the manufacture
of lumber by mills. Washington fir
lumber and cedar shingles have already
been introduced into our Eastern. markets,
where they command the highest prices.
The supply of lumber at Olympia is un
limited and the demand for it will con
stantly increase. It is already being
shipped from Olyoapia to the Eastern
States, Southern California and San Fran
cisco.
The Descbutes Falls at Tumwater offer
great advantages. in starting manufactures
where power or water could •be utilized.
Many fine opportunities are offered in
Olympia for manufacturing; purposes, as
natural products exist in great abundance.
The fish industry is awaiting develop
ment and will certainly yield good re
turns. Olympia is furnished with good
railroad facilities- as well as the ship-carry
ing trade of the sound and Pacific Ocean.
The soil for agricultural and horticultu
ral purposes about Olympia and inThurs- '
ton County is excellent. Apples, • pears,
prunes, plums and all small fruits are
raised in wonderful profusion, and excel
lent lands can be bought for these pur
poses at a low price. In the matter of
climate farming has a great advantage
over other countries, in the 'fact that we
have no excessive heat in summer nor
extreme cold- in winter, and vegetables
remain in the ground all winter without
freezing. .-• .
The climate Is probably the most health
ful in the United States. The mean an
nual temperature of Western Washington
- ranees from 53 degrees in Lewis County to
47 degrees in Clallam County. The cold
est month is January, with a mean aver
age temperature of 37 degrees, and 'from
that month the mean temperature rises j
about four degrees a month until July,
when the maximum is reached at 63 de
grees. The weather service bureau re
ports the mean annual temperature at
Olympia at 50 decrees, and the average an
j nual rainfall to be 53 inches.
There is an abundance of warm rain
from November to April, though by no
means continuous, as many suppose.
i From May to October, the dry season of
I the year, the weather is usually fine and
; clear, with occasional showers, and owing
! to tho absence of high winds extremely
I pleasant, wuh cool nidus, affording re
! freshing re*t and sleep, while the days are
never oppressively hot. The amount of
rainfall in any country can be accurately
determined by tne rain-gauee and the
annual temperature by the thermometer,
but these alone do not give the true worth
and merit of a climate to inspire both
vegetable and animal life — to prolong the
li.c of mankind and to ameliorate the
pains and ills of mankind.
The climate of the State of Washington
is largely determined by the warm, pure
and healthful breath of soft air along the
Pacific Ocean by way of the Japan current.
This humid, mild and constant current,
mingling with the cold currentsof the north
and east, give to the Evergreen Slate a cli
mate so tilled with life and vigor that
its vegetable lile and forest growth are un
surpassed. The cheer and comfort,
strength and vitality given to mankind
by this climate is not equaled in the
United States, as can be seen by *he mor
tality records.
Olympia is in close proximity to valua
ble and extensive sandstone beds, one of
which, sixteen miles away, has been de
veloped and is doing an extensive busi
ness. These sandstone beds are of supe
rior quality, fine and close-grained, easily
worked and entirely free from flaws and j
1 seams. In this iieid alone there is an ex- I
cellent opening for a profitable business.
Coal fields hay« been found in close
proximity to Oiympia, but as yet only
cve — located at- Bucoda, in Tnurston
County — has been extensively mined.
Iron ores are well known in the Black
H ills, a few miles distant from Olympia,
but no effort has been made to develop
these resources-.
Canning factories are needed for fruits
and berries, salmon, crabs, clams, oysters,
etc., a,ll of which products we now have in
large quantities.
Details regarding any branch of busi
ness and lines offering special inducements
in and about Oiympia may be had by ad
lircising
Secretary Board of Trade.
coi UMBI j hi r i. n s rniK E.
JFi.ihertnen and Cannera /■'nil to Settle
■ Their Differences.
ASTORIA, Or., May 31.— The fisher
men's strike situation remains unchanged,
and while the statement that the strike
would end by June 1 has been generally
believed for some days past, careful in
quiry amon^ cannerymea and fishermen
Jails to locate grounds for the belief. The
present status is especially trying to those
of the canners who have a regular market
for their product.
Secretary Jensen of the Fishermen's
Union to-day stated that there seetned to
be no prospect of a settlement in the near
future. He added: '"There will be no fish
caught by union fishermen this year, or
next year either, at a rate less than 5 cents
per pound."
Arresting kingle-Tax Orators.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 31.— Frank
Stephens of Philadelphia was arresteJ in
Dover last night and committed to jail for
thirty days for speaking on single tax on
streets in this town. He is now sharing
the quietude of a rell in the County Jail
with "William lloran, who was arrested
last Wednesday night. Stephens refuses
to accept bail.
Some of the lbings Wiifcb Happen Between Conference Meetings at Cazadero.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1896.
LEAVE CAZADERO
AS MISSIONARIES,
Six Young Men Decide to
Labor in Heathen
Lands.
CLOSE OF THE MEETING.
Many Students Who Came Not
as Christians Accept
the Gospel.
WILL WOEK IN THE COLLEGES.
Their Lives to Be Devoted to the
Bringing of Their Fellows
Into the Fold.
CAZADERO, Cal., May 31.— This was
the last day of the conference, and to
night witnessed the last gatherine of stu
dents this yearfat Cazadero. As a result
of this conference some of the students
who came up here not as Christians have
accepted the gospel of Christ. As a result
of the tamest manner in which Sherwood
Eddy has told of the need of mission
aries, six young men representing the
brichtest and best of our college fraternity
have derided to make the salvation of men
in foreign lands tiieirli.'e work; as a result
of C. C. Mich^ner's work as an organizer,
the students of California and Oregon will
go back to their re-pective colleges with
an enthusiasm which they had never
known before, and a definite plan on
which to work for the betterment and final
salvation of their fellow students.
To C. C. Michener's power as a promoter
of the things t at work for the best inter
ests of the students of the Pacific Coast do
the college men owe a debt that can never
be repaid. Nor will the spiritual power of
S. M. Sayford be soon forgotten. L'nder
the influence of this man, who goes among
the colleges of the United States helping
the students to a better life, those who
have attended the conference have been
inspired to present the truth with more
zeal and earnestness than ever before.
And Beaver's laughing face and earnest
ness in teaching has cheered and enlight
ened all who have attended his classes, for
from these classes will storing up many
who will live to teach their fellow students.
S. M. Sayford delivered the principal
address to-day, on the possession and the
cultivation of the Christian graces.
"We have to-day two kinds of Christians
—carnal and spiritual," said he, "and it
was the same in the olden time. Some
hold that the scripture does not apply to
us of the present day, but just let me read
to you out of the letters of Paul to the
Corinthians, the first, addressed, 'To them
that are sanctified in Christ Jesus called
to be saints with all that, in every place
call upon the name of Jesus Christ.' Now,
Paul writes in the third chapter, 'And I,
brethren, cannot speak to you as unto
spiritual, but as unto carnal.' Even so to
day the great danger to the church is car
nality. The Christian graces, as we have
them here, are love, that indefinable some
thins we cannot understand, but which
we know exists; joy, that feeling which
cornea with sweet cogitations with the
Most High lone suffering, in which all
thin together work lor good." >■
"Kindness, goodness, meekness, temper
ance — these are the traces which embellish
the Christian character. Tbeseare the fruit
of the spirit end we possess the spirit when
we are one with the spirit. Three things
prevent the abiding of the spirit— lack of
faith, lack of obedience, love of self."
A letter from John K. Mott, who is trav
eling all over the world and establishing
summer conferences among the students
of all nations, was read and a half hour
was spent in praying for the young men in
the foreign field". The meeting to-night
was participated in by ail the delegates,
each tiring utterance to that which had
been of greatest good to him during the
conference. Resolutions were adopted as
follows:
We, the students representing the colleges of
the Pecific Coast, assembled at the first Pacific
Coast Students' Conference, held under the
auspices of the College Young Men's Christian
Association st Cazadcro, Cal., May 22 to 31,
18'J6, hereby resolve —
That we greatly appreciate the hospitality
and kindness shown by the management of
the Cazadero Hotel, and the m-.ny privileges
and favors received at its hands during our
brief sojourn in this delightful mountain re
sort.
That we express our gratitude to the press of
San Francisco for the publicity which it nas
given to the sessions of our conference by the
mil reports in Us dally issues.
That we desire to express our heartfelt ap
preciation of the work of those who, under the
guidance and blessing of God, have so won
derfully directed this conference and contrib
uted to the entire success of the gathering,
and also to the speakers and friends who have
by their presence, their personal contact and
their inspiring addresses ro largely added to
the spiritual blessing which all present en
joyed.
That we, as representatives of over 3000 stu
dents oi the Pacific Coast, realizing the great
sacrifice and labor which have made this ini
tial conference possible, and realizing also the
profound influence that it has exerted and will
continue to exert, most earnestly hope and
pray that this conference may become a per
manent annual gathering for the students of
the Pacific Coast, and we heartily pledge our
pupport In every possible way for its continua
tion. ■.•;.-.
At the close of the conference all the
ptuuents joined hands and sang "Blessed
Be the Tie That Binds." * :
MEWS OF MARE ISLAND.
Rear Admiral Kirkland Coming
to Take Command of the
Station.
Captain and Mrs. Howison Tendered
a Brilliant Farewell Re.
ception
VALLEJO, Cal., May 31— Rear-A
dmiral Kirkland will probably assume com
mand of Mare Island station and navy
yard on Wednesday of this week. The en
tire force of officers and marine guard will
assemble in full uniform to greet the new
commander, who is now en route from the
East. Admiral Kirkland is highly spoken
of by all who have been associated with
him in timeSjpast.
The retiring commandant, Captain H.
L. Howison, and his wife will bo guests of
Major Pcpe, commandant of the marine
corps, for the present. One of the most
brilliant receptions held here for years was
given in honor of Captain llowison and
his wife on Thursday evening. They have
contributed much to the social enjoyments
at the station during the captain's term as
commandant at the yard.
Owing to the lack of funds, the yard has
presented a deserted appearance during
the past week. Many men have been dis
charged from the steam engineering de
partment, and us they have to be re
registered on the books of the employ
ment office, and at the foot of the list.it
may happen that their names will nevei
be called again. And from hints dropped
it appears that when a new lot of
mechanics is employed, it will be com
posed of men of the faiih of those now in
power at Washington. The law gays that
the politics of a man shall not be" taken
into consideration, but somehow the law
is frequently overlooked. In the depart
ment of construciion to save discharges
many of the men have been granted leaves
of absence for a few days at a time. This
tends to keep the men who are well versed
in their resp ctive callings upon the rolls.
In the yards and docks department over
100 men are still at work. Their services
are of such a character that they cann«t
be dispensed with. These men include
steam tire-engine men, stablemen, jani
tors, electric-light tenders and many oth
ers, whose duty it is to remain in the yard
at night as well as during the day.
After July money becomes available for
the new fiscal year, and by the lust of July
the force at the yard will b» increased to
nearly 1000 men.
FOR T STEVENS TARGEDY.
Andrew Jackson Kill* a Man Who Eloped
With Mr*. Jackson.
PORTLAND, Ob., May 3L— Andrew S.
Jackson, a lumberman at Fort Stevens,
shot and instantly killed John Fisk on
Friday evening. Mrs. Jackson and Fisk
were on the point of eloping when Jack
son followed the pair to a wharf. "When
he saw they meant to go aboard a steamer
he drew a revolver and shot Fisk through
the head. Jackson then took his wife and
marched her home at the point of the re
volver. Jackson has not been arrested.
Suisun Defeats itrnicla.
SUISUN, Cal., May 31.— Suisun de
feated Benicia in an exciting game of base
hall this afternoon by a score of 9 to 8.
The game was warmly contested and a
large crowd of spectators was present.
THREATENING TO
LYNCH A FIEND,
Friends of Florence Ready
Looking for Wesley
Lewis.
HIS SCHOOLGIRL VICTIM
In All Innocence She Consented
to Ride With Him as Far
as Irjgleside.
MEMBERS OF ONE CHUECK.
Simpson Memorial Congregation Thor
oughly Aroused— Police Search
for the Guilty Man.
There is a talk of lynching in Hayes
Valley and Wesley T. Lewis, 407 Octavia
street, a clerk by occupation and inciden
tally prominent in religious circles, is
wanted by the roJice for a criminal
assault on Miss Florence Ready, just turn
in? fifteen.
The crime was committed just one week
ago to-Mightand though Captain Lees with
the assistance of some half a dozen of his
best men haa been continually on Lewis'
trail since that time, be has so far evaded
arrest.
The offense with which Lewis is charged
is one of the most revolting in the crimi
nal calendar. To accomplish his purpose
tne accused man resorted to fraud and
forgery, in which tne mother of the vic
tim was innocently made to bring about,
her daughter's betrayal.
According to direct testimony the accused
set about to accomolisb the young girl's
ruin. He pacKed up all bin household fur
niture, marKed the same to Seattle, and,
telling his wife that be was on business
bent, left the bouse. The later develop
ments of the case as amply confirmed by
witnesses may be briefly told as follows:
About 8:30 o'clock last Monday night
Lewis appeared at the home of Mrs.
Ready, 330 Hickory avenue, and informed
her that Captain Goodall of Goodall, Per
kins & Co. would like to s«»e her daughter.
He had instructions, so he said, to take
her to Captain Goodall, and if Mrs.
Ready would write the principal of the
Lincoln ni^ht school, where the young
girl was a pupil, he would see to it that she
reached her destination in safety.
Mrs. Ready, having the utmost confidence
in Lewis, or rather the story he told, wrote
the note as desired. About 9 o'clock Lewis
appeared at the school and in a short time
the girl, all unconscious of the danger
ahead, was beside him in the buggy, which
he had in waiting.
Instead of driving to Captain Goodall's,
Lewis went rapidly in the direction of
Ingleside. His fairyouns; charge, alarmed
at the course he was taking, protested vig
orously, but tae schemer soothed her with
the assurance that it was only a pleasant
drive they were taking.
Once at Ingleside, however, his whole
demeanor changed. In the thickest part
of the woods traversed by the public thor
oughfare Lewis brought his horse to a
sudden nait.
Under some pretext the young girl was
induced to leave the buggy, buthardiy had
her foot touched the ground before her
companion made known his fell purpose.
Shortly afterwards a buggy came rapidly
down the road. Tearing herself from the
grasp of the fiend she sought the protec
tion of her unknown and unwitting res
cuers.
In a voice weak and quivering the girl
implored the newcomers to protect her.
As rapidly aa possible she explained what
had occurred, telling, in addition, who she
was And requesting that she be given safe
escort to her home.
In the meantime Lewis Btood some dis
tance away, listening intently to all that
was .«aid. When tiie pirl finished telling
her story he fled precipitately. The echo
of his retreat in the shape of breaking
twigs and cracking undergrowth was
plainly audible to the terrorized child and
her companions.
About midnight last Monday M. V.
Ready, a brother of the cirl, appeared at
the Central station in a highly excited
condition. He told Lieutenant Birdsall
that his sister had mysteriously disap
peared, following this up by relating the
visit of Lewis to his mother earlier in the
evening In the course of the conversa
tion Mr. Ready mentioned Captain Good
ali's name and how it came about that
Mrs. Ready wrote the note already men
tioned.
Lieutenant Birdsall assured his visitor
that the disappearance would be reported
to the Chief of Police and all vigilance ex
ercised in rinding the missing i_irl.
At 1 o'clock in the morning Mr. Ready
returned home, and to his joy found that
the young sistei had just arrived. His
happiness, however, was turned to grief
and rage when the child had told her
story. Young Ready posted back to the
Central fetation, and in agonized tones told
the story of Lewis' treachery.
He implored the police to watch Lewis'
home, as he was sure that he would re
turn before morning.
In this he was mistaken. Lewis did not
appear at his former residence, nor has he
at any time since then been seen in that
neighborhood.
Night and day has his residence been
under strict surveillance, but so far as can
be learned, the much-wanted man has not
been anywhere near his former home. The
impression prevails in police circles that
he is in hiding in the City, and is only
waiting for tne present trouble to quiet
down a little before appearing in his ac
customed haunts'.
The news of the horror, told as yet in
whispers, has evoked a veritable tempest
of indignation among the members oj the
Simpson Memorial Church, which the eirl
attended. Florence was also a member of
the Sunday-school, where her kindly na
ture and ladylike ways made her a general
favorite.
In the church in a small feat near the
northwestern corner Sunday after Sun
day .she was '.vont to listen to the sermons
and add her voice to the weekly chorus
of prayer an<i praise.
Toward the opposite side of the sacred
edifice in pew 65 Lewis and his wife oc
cupied sittings.
Members of the church display much
reluctance to ppeak of the dreadful affair,
ana accounts of the manner in which she
was enticed from school are somewhat
variant. Some say that the girl's
mother was led to believe that the wife of
ex-Governor Perkius desired to see
Florence.
At ail events the hapless mother was lea
to contribute, innocent of every thought
of evil, to her innocent Child's wronging.
Lewis is not a persona grata among tho
church people, though he and his wif«
have attended the Sunday services with
some regularity.
''The man Lewis is a bad egg, aa tho
prison records will s> ow,'" observed Oni "i
the i illars of the church last niglit, ftfter
be had been assured tbat his nutnc would
not appear.
"Lewis' aged parents live out at the Min
sion and are valued and honored me tubers
of Grace Methodist Episcopal Church. For
their sake L«wis was xiven a chance to rt ■■
deem his good name.
"H.» was made sexton of thio church, a
! position which be retained for jbout a
year, when h* was discharged on account
of his notorious intemperance.
"His wife and he continued coming to
the cl.urch, however. Lewis then began
to harass many of the church members Dy
ordering provisions, ostensibly for them,
from various tradesmen, which provisions
he took, or had taken, to bis own abode.
"Each collection day brought about
wrangles between customers and vendors,
until at length Lewis' game was found
out. I understand several person* were
rfady to brine suit against him, when this
shocking affair made it apparent that he
was something worse than a thief. For
the innocent victims there is nothing but
profound sympathy.
"I believe that every effort is being put
forth for the apprehension of Lewis," con
cJuded the ?ood man, # 'and for the j-ake of
justice, of right and of purity I hope he
will he caught and so severely dealr with
that his punishment may inspire all hia
kind with a wholesome fear of what they
may look for in case they foliow in his
loathsome trail."
CONTROL COSTA SUFFRAGISTS.
Eleventh Amendment Champion* Open
the i utility Campalyn.
MARTINEZ, Cal., May 31.— The Contra
Costa County equal suffrage campaign
opened in Martinez last week. The ad
dresa of welcome was delivered in the
opera-house by John Swett, and the con
vention was opened by Miss May G. Hay,
State organizer and manager. The sur
rounding towns were well represented.
Papers were read by Miss Louise Schott
of Antioch, Mrs. Oma Miller of Clayton,
Miss Edna Needles of Walnut Creek and
Mrs. Joseph Merrall of Clayton. The
music "was supplied by a volunteer
ladies' double trio, and Miss Marian B.
Taylor, lately returned from the Paris
Conservatory, kindly entertained the gath
ering with a solo.
Miss Elizabeth U. Yates spoke the first
evening, and the address was a most forci
ble, convincing and eloquent argument for
woman suffrage. Alis-s Anna Shaw, on
the second evening, won the hearts of the
people she addressed. Her aboundine
h'.imor, her unanswerable statistics and
clinching arguments are the topics of
town talk.
Miss Hay, in her address, took occasion
to remind the audience of what the women
owed to the San Francisco Call, and
urged them never to lose an opportunity
to speak a good word for the newspaper
which had stood for the rights of all.
LECTURES AT VISALIA.
A Tulare County Audience Ad
dressed by Father Yorke of
San Francisco.
'True Americanism" the Theme of His
Discourse — Charges Against Cath
olicism Answered.
VISALIA, Cal., May 31.— Every seat
at Armory Hall was occupied this after
noon. People came from Fresno, Han
ford, Bakersfield and every town and
village in Tulare County. Nearly fifty of
Visalia's representative men of all pro
fessions, irrespective of religion, acted as
vice-presidents. Hon. W. H. Alford, in
introducing Father Yorke, the speaker of
the occasion, saiu :
"I deem it a great honor and a pleasure
and gratification that I, a Protestant my
self, mindful of the interest of and de
voted to my country, introduce to this
audience of my neighbors and friends a
Catholic priest to address you on true
Americanism."
Tremendous applause followed and was
continued when Father Yorke stepped j
forward. Father Yorke said :
Ladles and gentlemen: Coming from the \
fogs of San Francisco, I can say with truth
that the climate of Tulare County at lea>t
gives one a warm welcome. [Laughter.] I
may remark that he, f»s a Protestant, should
introduce a Catholic priest, standing under
this flag, symbolizes more than anything else
that broad toleration of which that flag is a
symbol, that toleration without which there is
no true Americanism. I come to speak to you
as a Catholic priest and an American citizen.
1 am here to answer rharsres against me and
mine, tiiat we may talk over our differences us
American citizens. These people are afraid
we will swoop down on the little red school
house and elope with the school inarm.
The speaker said he was opposed to any
Bible or doctrine in the public schools or
any division of the public school moneys.
He paid his respects to Henry French and
the trustees of the Normal School of San
Jose and credited Mr. French with intro
ducing the Bible into that institution. He
called attention to our present City Super
intendent of Schools, Rev. Dr. Pender
grass (Cumberland Presbyterian Church),
saying:
"Wouldn't there be a howl if Father
Farrelly even attempted to ask for the
office."
"In reference to the charges made by
Am rican Protective Association lecturers
in Visalia, he showed by facts and rimires
that the Catholics held not over 6 per cent
of National and State offices; and by
statistics re^ardinsc convicts that the
parochial schools were not responsible for
them. He toid of James G. Elaine's love
for his mother's religion, and paid a touch
ing tribute to Memorial day. He showed
that the State paid $60 for an orphan's
care and $400 for each child at Whittier.
He spoke at great length on the loyalty
of Catholics and the Irish race to "Old
Glory.''
After listening to the eloquent speaker
for two hours the crowd, after congratu
lating Father Yorke, dispersed.
KEY TO-PAT.
The Best
Is None Too Good
in anything that
concerns the future
of your family. The
best life assurance
company is the
Equitable. The best -
policy is the new
Guaranteed Cash
Value Policy of
THE EQUITABLE
UTS ASSURANCE SOCIETY
180 JJROAIl W AV,
N.Y.
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICE: .
Crocker Building, Market, Montgomery
and Post Streets.
OOSMOPOLiITAKT.
<)|)j«)8lie U. a Mint, ! 100 and - Ida Fifth St., ->*a
>rancl6co, Cal.— Tho most select family hotel la
the city. 1 Board aui room, *1, SI !i5 and $1 id per
day, aoaordlnf to room. Meals 25c. itconu. alb
•aid 7 bo a day. tit* coach to and irom (ha tiOMt. :
icon tor the coaou buurlngthe name of tin Co*.
luopuuittu iloiei. WiL iAilli^. i'topnoiofc •
Whenever you
an think of a man In
Lnornrif a " "'* powerful
1 In! V I manhood you al-
&■ Ifl 1 £*) ways think of his
• T™^ energy. Now,
■■ ' ■ some m m lack
Lnornrii energy and others
D II 111 7* h>ve |f> " rriUfh
Mlßlll fry f energy The'most
Vl^ # unfortunate is ||M
■d fell ,'h who f*<.k» .
Lnornrif cn "*> M*f*»»w
« IBrsi V W a house Wilkout a
LIIUI &f window, A I;.^ ci
*^ energy soou pro-
am duces Otb#f !. .-:
Lfiorflfu and the ° c ' j '" jxi
1 IHI M ■ prematurentii -.'
ImIIUI $3 I the discharge. M
**^ m . you are suffers *
am from this you
Lnm*fY|f should use dM
r II HI U M great remedio-
faiilUl j( treatment, Hud-
yan. Hudyan
■a stops quickness of
Lnf}l*nrU the discharge in
i 1 I 111 M V lwent y days and
Ball HI Xl thus cures the
■ * B^ 1 * first of evils.
■■ Hudyan cures Lost
tUnOrlYl^ Manhood, Emis-
l HI fa I V ■ sions, Nervous
■■lI VI HI Debility, Neuras-
* —F^ thenia, and makes
■■ man anew. Hud-
fl Q I" fig If y° n can be had
IfjlM V only by your call-
■■ll VI fr%J Ing for or wriiinz
to the old doctors
■■ a of the Hudson
I- nQI" IT If Medical Institute.
' II El CL V No one else haS
■■II Wl ya^jg rtudyan, no one
else can give you
pMAuAin Hudyan. Certainly
lailOl fl&l > (U should have
HIIOI V i proofs of the Hud-
|B " Vl qJ yan t men t.
■ This you can have.
Call or write for
• HUDYAN PROOFS. •
• •
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and lAlu Sn. ; ;-.' ' '-'.
BLOOD TAIXTS SKOW
Pimples. : r__^.'-
-- — Copper-colored spots. — —
. -V— — . Sore mouth. ~—
Sore throat. ■ — —
Faliing hair. — —
— —' Enlarged lumps.
.-r— Glandular lumps. — '—
■^■'-—'}^ Skin eruptions. • --: — ■
— — Partial loss of eyebrow, — —
- Sore eyes.
When in this condition don't «ro to hot
springs — go to the old doctors of Hudson.
You can sometimes arrest the poison In
thirty days.
j BLOOD
: cures :
: free. :
•CALL or write
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market an Eflis Sts.
Signature Is printed la ' JJ
BLUE diagonally /afi^
across tho x x""X !/• f
OUTSIDE (I jf*^}
wrapper/ ' MjZ/y^
1/J / of every
iT ■ / bottle of
* rl j / (the Original
n n AS* / and Genuine)
/I \L/ if '^Worcestershiro
SAUCE
- . As a further protection against .
all imitations. .-,-;,
<■ Agents for the United State* \
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. N. V.
HOTEL EMPIRE,
nuifiis fiiriiiiiij]
FIRE-PROOF. '
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with laths,
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths* .
10 minutet/rom business and theatrical centres. s
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson Rirer>
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS. , ,
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take cither
6th or 9th aye. " L. ' to 66th St., or Broadway cablo
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan,- SI up. American plan, $3 up. Moet com-
pletely equipped anil moet liberally managed hotel
in New *ork. ,W. JOHSSOH ftUIHN, MfiT.
WJI. N0BL&, Propr. .. : .
IS THE VERY BK&T ONE TO 'EXAMINES
J. your eyes and (it tnem to spectacles and Eye* '
glasses with insir imeots of inn own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled.' My suc-
cess liiia been due to the meriu ot my woric.
Office Hours— l 2 to *p. M. ,
Baja California '
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for tti*
■exual and urinary organs of both sexes, and %
great remedy for disease* of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative. Invigoratoraud Nervina.
Bells on i its . own Merits— no lojig-wiuaoJ tesU*
donlals necessary.
> i.U, - 1.1".S & BKD.NK, Agent*.
333 .Market St., 8. t-endl tor Circular.) !
TO EXCHANGE.
Al2-ROOM OAKLAND RESIDE.VCE: tOT
140x250: highly improved : no Incumbrances;
will exchange for property in Southern California
or at Spokane. Address Owner, 330 .Pine St., room
58, San Francisco, Cal. ■FOR HARMONY IN
REPUBLICAN RANKS
The Executive Council and
Its Aims and Prin
ciples.
CLUB REPRESENTATION.
How This Powerful Organization
Is Formed for Party
Control.
PRECLUDES ONE-MAH POWER.
The City and State Are Brought
Into Close Touch by Its
Existence.
The Republican Executive Council is, as
its name indicates, the nucleus of an or
ganization formed in San Francisco in 1894
for the purpose of elevating the Republi
can clubs and bringing their members into
closer union with each other by having a
ri presentation in this executive body,
where, if need be, a line of concerted ac
tion can be had and plans formulated by
xhich the entire machinery of the party
may be concentrated for effectual work.
As a party organization it does not in
any manner trench on the duties,
powers or prerogatives of either the State
Central or County Committee, or the indi
vidual clubs, but acts as a harmonizer if
any exigency should arise in the ranks of
the party.
The tirst article of the constitution ex
plains the object for which the committee
is called into existence.
Sec tion 2. Its objects are :
First— To create, foster and promote har
mony in the Republican party of the State of
California.
ind — To maintain and advocate the prin
ciples of lhat party as they may be from lime
to time proclaimed and enunciated by its re
cognized convention*.
Third— To use our best effort* for the nomin
ation of loynl Republicans and honest and
».a; able citizens lor uffice.
Fourth— To do nil In our power to secure the
election of all regularly nominated candidates
of the Republican party.
Fifth— To give such 'aid and counsel to
elected Republican officers during their term
of office as the conduct of such officers shall
merit.
Sixth— To increase the bonds of union and
goodiellovrnhlp between the members of this
council and the members of the several organ
izations represented therein, and to advance
anil protect their interests at all times and in
all cases, according to qualifications and
merit.
Seventh— To assist in all Republican work
and to promote and perfect organization within
tue RepuDlican party of the State of Cali
fornia.
In 1894 the Union League, then and now
a powerful. Republican organization, com
posed of the best and most influential
members of the party, conceived the idea
that the forming of a political organization
where the league and regularly established
Republican clubs having a membership of
I<X> or more members should meet and
consult for tUe best objects of the party,
elected representatives, who with others
formed the first council by electing the
following officer?:
John D. Sprectels, president; Edgar Briggs,
first vice-president: Robert A. Friedrich, sec
ond vice-president ; William Clufl, treasurer;
John M. Days, secremry.
Executive committee— John T. Dare (chair
man), M. Cooney (secretary), A. G. Booth, John
C. Quinn, Edward Holland.
During the following year the same offi
cers were re-elected, with the exception of
the secretary, OscerTolle having been sub
stituted for John M. Days.
In June, 1895, the following officers were
elected for the term of one year:
M. Cooney, president; Edgar Brings, first
vice-president; Robert A. Friedrich, second
vice-Dresident; F. Hansen, treasurer; Oscar
Tolle, new City Hail, secretary.
Executive committee — H. C. Firebaugh
(chairman), J. A. Whitesides, new City Hall,
San Francisco (seer<-tary), General John Me-
Comb, James E. Field, A. L. Ballou, HI W.
Quittow, General S. \V. Backus, T. B. Morton,
I . Hansen. One member from each delegation
added to the executive committee.
The following named organizations are
represented: The Union League Club,
Bear Club, Morrow Club, Legion of Repub
lican Clubs, Beaver Club, Veteran Soldiers'
and Sailors' Club, Unity Republican Club,
Austrian - Slavonian Republican Club,
United Railroad Club, Rank and File
Club, Woman's Centra! Republican Club,
a number of district clubs and the Afro-
American League, wbich organizations
represent as a whole over 14,000 voters,
bat not including the Woman's Club,
which as yet has not but soon hopes to se
cure the bailot.
At a recent meeting of the executive
committee of the council it was decided to
nominate a representative in each Sena
torial district of the Btate to carry out the
objects of the council with a Tiew to have
the entire State interested in the silver
question and in the National Convention. !
As new ciubs are organized their dele
gates are duly accredited to tne council,
and in this way each Assembly District is
fairly and equally represented. This
would prevent the possibility of centraliz
ing the power of the party. The object is
to have the people take charge of and
manage the politics oi the party, makme
it an impossibility for one man power to
dictate the policy, or tne actions of the
whole.
The council at all times upholds the
principle that of right all power belongs
to and should emanate from trie people,
and furthermore, that the voice and will of
the people, through their oreanizations,
shall ever he a fundamental and control
ling principle.
As a prerequisite for membership in
the council every delegate shall take and
subscribe to the following pledge, viz. :
I have read the constitution and by-laws of
th* Republican Executive Council, and I fully
indorse the same, and hereby pledge myself
to support the principles and platfoim of the
K'-pub.ican party as irom time to time enun
ciated by the party organization, and I also
pledge myself to support to the best of my
ability the" ticket indorsed or nominated by
this council, and in all political action to give
my first allegiance to the council untram
eled and uncontrolled by any aud ah outside
influences.
The good already accomplished by this
Executive Council shows the wisdom of its
founders, as it has cemented, so to speak,
the Republican party not only in tbwCity^
but throughout the entire StaU, and
raucn benefit may be expected from us in
fluence in the coming campaign.
After the annual election of officers next
month stepa will be taken to infuse vigor
and renewed activity into the clubs al
ready organized, and in districts where no
clubs have yet been established the crowd
will take action and see that every Sena
torial and Assembly district will have
clubs and representatives in the adminis
tration of the party.
Alta Gun Glnb.
The weekly shoot oi the Alta Gun Club was
held yesterday at the Seven-mile House. The
conditions were 25 blue rocks, known traps,
unknown angle*, and the following was the
record of break*: Holden 17, Vernard 11, Rob
ertson 10, Stenge 10, Bucs 15, Cull 20, J.
.N'unan 13, Adams 5, J. Nunan 16, F. Walpert
13.
•—• — • — •
Deafness is more prevalent in cold than
in warm countries, the ears being sonsitive
lo changes of temperature.
PRINCIPAL OFFICERS OF THE REPUBLICAN EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
CROWDS AT THE BEACH.
A Possibility That the Sutro
Line of Cars Will Pay
a Dividend.
Floral Curiosities in the Conserva
tory — II ness of Superintend,
ent McLaren.
The people who went out yesterday for
recreation and pleasure and chose to find
divertisement on this side of the bay di
vided into three parties, the majority vis
iting the ocean beach and the attractions
there, and others the park and the Haight
street grounds.
During the early part of the day the
ocean-bound railroad cars did a good busi
ness. Superintendent Van Frant of the
Sutro line, speaking of his road, said: "It
has been doing well, and if we get through
with the montn of Jane without any acci
dent it is very likely that the road will be
able to pay a dividend."
Superintendent McLaren of Golden
Gate Park has been confined to his home
for several days by an attack of bilious
ness, but yesterday he was very much im
proved, and he will be able to be out in a
few days.
Considerable improvement is noticeable
in the grounds around the new music con
course, and the trees recently planted
there have all taken root and are flourish
ing. The road* around the court are being
put in condition for teams and bicycles.
The annex to the museum is rapidly ap
proaching completion, and were the cases
in which the exhibits are to be placed
ready it would not be many days before
the annex c^uld be thrown open to the
pubiic. A remarkable fact is that two
| week have passed by without any dona
"tions worthy of mention being made to
the museum.
Head Gardener Holbrcw, in charge of
the conservatory, is happy because he has
some new and interesting blossoms to
show. Over the entrance to the western
section of the large glass house are creep
ing vines, that meet and form a beautiful
canopy of dark green foliage, showing be
tween the leaves some yery pretty purple
flowers.
"There," said Mr. Holbrow, "is the Mex
ican morning glory; very much like our
own, but of a more brilliant color. Then
here we have the California pitcher plant,
which comes from the vicinity of Castle
Crags, and here in the camelia house is in
full bloom a remarkable flower.
"Botanically it is called Anstolochia, but
the common name is the duck flower. As
you see it is brown and black, and from a
short stem is an appendage shaped like a
large ivy leaf. One portion of the flower
is like a duck's head, and if you place the
| JeaMike portion of it over the stem you
have a perfect imitation of a duck.
"We also have," continued Mr. Hol
brow, "a very pretty orchid, a white and
purple flower, patterned somewhat after
the Holy Ghost flower. It manages to
bloom, though it does bear the name of
Odontoelossum crispum. It is from the
high altitudes of Colombia, south of Pan
ama. We also have in bloom two magnifi
cent flowers, white and pink, bell-shaped,
and each looks as if it were made of pure
wax."
Outside the conservatory near the large
stairs that lead to tne Fnlton street en
trance there is now in full bloom a speci
men of the Yucca WhipaPei, that grows
in the Majave desert, a beautiful flower,
cream white in color.
There were many people in the Sutro
baths and among the attractions pre
sented were taces for which prizes were
awarded, living lableaux commemorative
of scenes of the war of the Rebellion and
exhibitions of swimn in^'. Manager Rob
inson is making arrangements to have a
lady co to the bottom of the tank in a
diver's suit. He wiilalso send a balloonatic
from a vessel in the ocean beyond the
seal rocks. He is also busy finishing the
scenic railway which he hopes to have
ready within two weeks.
Ernil Markeberg made a successful as
cent from the Haight-street grounds by
means of a strap fastened to the parachute
attached to the balloon "Chutes." He
hung by his teeth to the strap, and in that
way left the grounds. He landed on Sev
enteenth street, at the Mission. In the
evening he made another ascent.
During the afternoon the park police
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1896.
responded to a still alarm of fire. It was
for a brush fire in Buena Vista Park.
COURSING IN THE PARKS
Result* of the Stakes Decided Tester
day at Ocean View and Ingle
side KeMorts.
No better coursing weather than that of
yesterday could be imagined, and as a
consequence the parks were well patron
ized.
At Ocean View a thirty-two dog stake,
in which many local favorites were en
tered, brought out a good crowd of the
betting "fancy," and while short-end win
ners were numerous the interest did not
flag until Electric put out White Chief in
the final.
The hares were a lively lot that gave the !
dogs plenty of trouble to catch them, and
the judging and slipping were of the best.
Following is the result of the run-down :
A. Merriil's Ben Brush beat J. Sexsmith's
Mission Boy, A. Merrill's Snow Bird beat D.
(hiila's Happy Day, Villa Kennel's Electric
beat S. Lehman's Nellie C, W. D. Murphy's
Fireman beat M. O'Connor's Oregon Boy, J.
Baxter's Yankee Doodle a bye, Valley Kennel's
Gold King a bye, P. Litter's Abbey Lass beat
\\ . Greeley'a Never Sweat, J. segerson's White
Chief beat J. Kerrigan's Wnite Cloud, P.
Ryan's Barney a bye, E. Campbell's Cocktail a
bye. M. <'as-erly's California Violet beat J.
Kerrigan's Dashaway, D. Burfeind's Tricks a i
bye, H Burns' Lucky Dog beat D. Toland's
Twilight. T. Walton'? Bobolink a bye, A. Mer
rill's Tummy Hall beat T. Flynn's Captain
Jim.
First ties— Eieitric beat Ben Brush. Snow
Bird beat Bonny Lass, Fireman beat Yankee
Doodle, Gold King beat Abbey Lass, White
Chief beat Barney, Cftlifnrnia Violet beat Cock
tail, Lucky Dog beat Tricks, Bobolink beat
Tommy Hall.
Second ties — Electric beat Snow Bird, Fire
man bea; Uoid King, White Cloud beat Cali
fornia Violet. Bobolink bea.t Lucky Dog.
Third ties— Electric beat Fireman, White
Chief beat Bobolink.
Final— Electric beat White Chief.
Prizes— s2s, $10. $ti end $6.
Judge, Ed Canavan; slipper, John Cranston.
At Ingleside a fair crowd saw the Inter
state stake of the previous day run to a
finish, as follows:
Nellie Conroy beat West Side, Sky Ball beat
Lis.-ak, Wayiarer beat Laurelwood.
Third ties— Siy Ball beat Nellie Conroy,
Wayfarer a bye.
Final— Sky Bali beat Wayfarer.
In the consolation that followed Moon
dye won tirst, Flying Buck second, West
side third.
Next Sunday at Casserly & Kerrisrah's
Ocean View park will be seen a forty-four
dog stake at $1 entrance, to which the
management will add $20. The drawing !
will take place at 909 Market street on j
Thursday evening.
BECKER AND CREEGAN.
The Two Men Accuned of Forgery Ar
rived Last Night From the K;nt.
Detectives Ross Whitaker and Sey
mour arrived about midnight from New
York with Charles Becker and James Cree
gan, the two forgers accus d of commit
ting, along with A. H. Dean, the $22,000
forgery on the Nevada Bank last De
cember.
Capt. Lees and Captain Haines of the
Pinkerton Agency were in waiting in the
former's office. Becker and Creegan were
taken before them, but they positively re
fused to -ay anything. They were sent to
the prison and loctred up for the night.
They also declined to make any statement
to the press representatives, saying they
wished to consult an attorney first.
Becker is a short, stout man, very unlike
the one supposed to be the prince of
forgers. Creejan looks more like a dude
and smoked a briar-root pipe from the
time he reached the prison until locked up
for the night.
The defectives spoke of the courteous
reception they had been accorded in New
ark, N. J., and in New York City.
»—» — ♦ — •
Private Secretaries.
When a man gets hold of a good private
secretary he generally pushes him into a
comfortable berth for life. Many of the
foremost men of the day in various walks
of life were private secretaries. Dan La
mont is a conspicuous example. Colonel
Timothy Williams is another. Williams
was the reporter who attracted Governor
Hill's attention and became his secretary.
He was also secretary to Governor Fiower.
He is now on the high road to prosperity.
Besides owning a large interest in a news
paper, he is secretary of a prosperous rail
road company in Brooklyn. By and by
we shall have Lamont & Williams, the
greatest street railway magnates of Greater
New York.— N. Y. Press.
THE CRICKET GAME ENDS,
Alameda Is Victorious Over
Golden Gate by Half a
Century.
The Best Exhibition of Cricket Given
on Local Grounds This
Year.
The second day of the "Ground vs.
Ground" cricket match opened yesterday,
the weather being ideal, and, with the in
terest felt in the isMie of the game, attract
ing a very respectable gatueriue of specta
tors to the scene of the contest at Alameda.
West and Cookson of Golden Gate re
sumed their places at the wickets.
They and the three other men to go in
just managed to put up 28 runs, bringing
up the total to 84, or 64 less than their op
ponents on the first inning. -1- '•,
The Alamedas started their second essay
with Captain Hogue and Price at the
wicket. The former was disposed of for a
cipher, West catching him on one of Billy
Robertson's off breaks. G. Theobald of
the Pacifies having contributed a half
dozen, and G. A. Mutch, the Pacifies'
"savior," following suit with twice that
number, they were followed by the ever
reliable Teddy. Hood. He seconded his 5
\ of Saturday with a well-played 46, when
he was caught by Martin. Cassuly (Pa
cifies) added 10 runs more. There were no
other double figures, and the total at the
end of the innings was just 87.
With 151 runs against them the Golden
Gate men started their second inning.
Their captain, "the only Robertson,' was
unfortunate enough to succumb to a
yDrkerof Peel's for a single. Had it not
been for Martin, Townsley, Smith and
Thomas— all of whom played a plucky, up
hill game — the side would not have made
so creditable a showing as it did. As it
was, a total of 95 was compiled, making
the grand total 179, and giving Alameda
the game by 56 runs. The fielding on both
sides was excellent and the game, as a
spectacle, was a treat. The score :
AI.AMKDA GKOI'ND— SECOND INKING.
R.B.Hoguec. West D. Robertson 0
. F. 8. Price b. Robertson .•: 1
G.Theobald b. Robertson «
K. A. M etch b. Cookson. 13
E. Hood c. Martin b. Kober son. 46
E. B. Wise ran 0ut.'.;.... '2
G. Wiseman o. Thomas b. Robertson 8
W. Myers runout...'... . ... •£
H. C. Casldvc. Thomas b. Robertson ...10
J. .1. K. Peel b. Robertson O
T. J. A. Tiedemann not out ; 2
Extras. .. 3
Total '. , 87
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Balls. Ilnns, Maidens. WlcKets.
Robertson 91 36 3 7
Cookson. «6 38 2 1
Pollock 24, 11 0 . 0
GOLDEN GATE— SECOND INNIJTO.
E. Robeitson b. P. el. . 1
Dr. Bowhill b. Peel 6
W. R. West run on; 8
G. Pollock b. iHSitlv 5
S. B. Martin' st. Theobald b. Hogue..... 15
C. Townsley c. TVdeinann b. Peel , 16
J* Smith run0ut........ ....' 16
J. Brookes c. Peel b. Hogue..... 9
P. Thomas c. Meyers b. Ilood n
H. H. Cookson not out i
W. Reeves c Tiedemann b. Casidjr... 2
Extras 5
Total.. :. :..; ....95
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
Casidy 84 28 3 2
Ptel 96 29 6 3
Hosrue ...24 28 0 2
H00d....... ..18 6 0 1.
: Grand : totals— Alameda ■ ground, 235; Golden
Gate ground, 179.
FOUND DEAD IN A CHAIR.
Charles Kkm% 1, Lately Diacharged
From Agnewn, Shnotg H in self.
Charles Ekman, sitting in a chair in nis
bedroom at 411}£ Natoma street, with a
bullet hole in the right side of his head,
was what Edward Tracy saw when he
looked into the apartment yesterday.
That it was a case of suicide left no
doubt, as the pistol with which the deed
bad been committed was clinched in the
right hand of the deceased.
An examination of the dead man's ef
fects by Deputy Coroner Tyrrell showed
that He had but recently been discharged
from the Ajznews insane asylum, as a doc
ument bearing Dr. Hatch's signature cer
tified to that fact
Ekman, previous to his being commit
ted to the asylum, waa occupied aa a
waiter in a restaurant.
THE FLAG WENT
UP FOUR TIMES,
Shooting for Cash Prizes
at the Shell Mound
Range.
ONE DOLLAR FOR A FLAG
D. W. McLaughlin Won the
Fifty- Shot Rifle Match
Yesterday.
F. 0. YOUNG WAS SECOND BEST.
Smith Carr Bsat Ei Hovey in a Small
R.fle Contest— Colonel S. Beav
er's Fine String.
It was an off day among the riflemen
yesterday, but an interesting match was
shot at the Shell Mound range. It was
made up by several members of the Co
lumbia Pistol and Rifle Club three weeks
ago. The conditions were fifty shots at
2»DO yards, offhand, $5 entrance, open to
all comers. It was decided that every flag
for a hit in the inch center would entitle
the lucky marksman to $1 for each, and
after the flags and expenses were raid the
man making the best fifty-shot score
should have 60 per cent of the remainder,
and the man making the best ten-shot
score would receive 40 per cent. By this
arrangement the poorer shots had a
chance of winning a prize.
As stated, the matter was open to Tall,
but the Columbia's men were the only
ones to enter the contest. A number of
remarkably good runs were made. One of
the riflemen in particular, E. F. Mason,
astonished those who wiinessel his per
formance. Mr. Mason shoots in the sec
ond class, but yesterday he held his own
among the champions. In his second run
of 10 Mr. Mason kept all of his shots
within the 8 ring (Columbian target),
which would have been a possible on a
Creedmoor. On the total he was only four
points behind W. Glinderuann, who is one
of the best shots on the coast.
f. O. Young was another to make a
Creedmoor possible in his last string. At
one time it was believed that Young was
going to carry off the prize for the best
total, but D. W. McLaujthlin got in a
couple of good strings and went out ahead j
by 23 points.
A. H. Pape came near getting left out in
the cold, but. on his forty-ninth shot he
brought up Old Glory and won $1.
In computing the scores by the German
ring target system it was founa that sev
eral runs were better than a 22 German
ring record.
On the Columbia target a score of 60 is
equivalent to a 22-German ring average,
and yesterday three men beat a 22-average. !
In the following scores it will be remem- 1
bered that on the Columbia target each I
ligure repre>ents the diameter of the circle
hit, in inches. The scores and totals
stand:
D. W. McLaughlin—
2 6777 313 4 9 8- 66
337467115 12 10— 68
6 !i 16 3 5 8 S 7 2 4— 55
2 4 411 3 tt 7 5 5 8— 55
13 5 8 6 4 7 11 911 4- 72
Grand total 316
F. O. Young—
7 587 7 6 720 6 10- 77
4 5 511 7 313 6 4 3— 57
88 6 974 10 16 4 11— 82
811 14 t) 5 8 8 6 2 6- 74
727338444 7- 49
Grand total 339
A. H. Pape—
6 516 810 510 19 8 4- 90
454 12 8675 10 14- 74
5 7 a 610 Z 310 9 9— b3
3 8 7 i 10 9 4 8 T 9— 69
6 4 3 914 4 617 1 6- 69
Grand total 365
William Ulindemann—
3 8 5 5 7 16 4 1 7 6— 61
b 8 6 9 4 6 8 2 5 3— 54
311 7 9 915 3 425 20— lOli
8 7 tt 7 6 6 513 15 4- 77
9 8 6 3 710 8 11 13 8- 72
Grand total 370
t?. E Mason—
15 8 4 10 313 8 310 12- 88
8 3 3 2 6 5 5 7 6 8— 53
2 9 5 2 8 11 10 7 10 5—69
15 15 7 7 9 8 5 6 8 'J— 6!)
11 3 619 910 71a 9 11— 97
Grand total 374
McLaugnlin made the best 50-shot rec
ord and won the 60 percent cash pr.zc.
Young for the best 10-t«hot string got 40
per cent. Cash for flags: Ycung 2, $2;
Pape 1, $1; GHndt-mann 1, |1.
There was considerable pistol practice
among the members of the Columbia
Pistol and Rifle Club on the 50-yard range
near the rifle range. Colonel Samuel
Beaver introduced a 25-caliber 10- inch
Stevens and with Carr, Ed Hovey,
Mr. Kenister and Young made some ex
periments in black and nitro rim fi:e cart
ridges. It was found that bo.h kinds of
ammunition work well and fine results
were obtained from this pistol which has
never been oxtensivelv used on this coast
in target practice. Attaching a skeleton
rifle stock to the firearm Colonel Beaver
sent lour bullets into the one inch center
bullseyeat 50 yaris. His fifth shot was a
2. This is tne nearest that any one has
ever approached a possible on the Columbia
target.
For a while there was considerable inter
est manilested in a L'2-caliber, 50-shot rifle
match between Smith Carr and Ed Hovey,
distance 50 yards. Carr made a run of five
centers in six shots, which put him in the
lead which he kept to the end of the
match, which he won by 18 points. The
scores were as follows:
Smith Carr 3 236222411— 26
1 1 4 1 3 3 3 2 4 1— 23
1 3 1 2 4 7 3 1 1 4- 27
8 1 4 3 3 1 2 4 3 5- 29
8 4 2 19 2 4 14 1— 31
Grand total 136
E. Hovey 2 14 2 4 4 2 5 2 4— 30
3 2 7 2 4 4 2 2 4 2- 32
4 2 2 5 3 2 2 3 4 5- S3
b 5 3 3 2 3 2 IS 1 3- 29
851214344 1— 31
Grand total 154
DEEDS OF MISSION TOUGHS.
An Aged Pftridler Assaulted and a Sa
loon Raided by the Gang.
Fred Mills, a peddler, aged 60 years, was
set upon in the Mission last night about
7:30 o'clock by five young tougns named
Alexander McDonald, Joseph Walsh,
James Burns, Thomas Murphy and Henry
Dcyle.
McDonald, who acted as ringleader,
Mixed i stick which the aged peddler had
and struck him over the leftarm, breaking
tbe limb. Thus disabling the helpless
man, they despoiled him of his little
stock, leaving him suffering on the street.
Not Hatistied with this, the gang next
raided the saloon of S. Busbo.
The police were informed and Mounted
Officers Smith and Wenzler. with the
assistance of Patrolman Nyhan. rounded
them up and took them to the Seven
teenth-street station, where Mills identi
fied McDonald as the one who assaulted
him.
McDonald was charged with assault with
a deadly weapon, and the others with
malicious mischief.
The injured man was taken to the City
and County Hospital for medical treat
ment.
DR. JOSEPH PESCIA, THE NEW ITALIAN CONSUL-GENERAL.
DR. PESCIA AT THE HELM
To-Day He Will Assume the
Office of Consul of
Italy.
The Italian Colony Hope That the
Gentleman Will Long Retain
the Position.
To-day Dr. Joseph Pescia will assume
the duties of the office of Italian Consul in
the place of Chevalier Francesco Bruni
Grimaldi, who has been called borne to
look after his personal interests.
The fact also that Mrs. Grimaldi is in
Armenia gives him great anxiety and has
hastened his departure, whicli, but for the
resignation of bis secretary would have
been made a month earlier.
Dr. Joseph Pescia possibly will take the
position only temporarily, as he is a man
of large wealth and though yet young is
even now trying to light-en the duties
which his profession exacts of him by
turning over the larger part of his prac
tice to two other physicians.
The doctor some years ago married one
of the <laui:ht<TS of the late millionaire
Myles L>. Sweeney, who was president of
the Hibernia Bank, and thus he added
another fortune to his own, which was
then of generous proportions.
Eight years a^o he was elected Super
vi>or, running ahead of his ticket by a
large majority. Since that time the doc
| tor has twice rejected the Democratic
I nomination for Mayor, and has also re
fused to no to the Legislature.
He is looked up to by members of the
Italian colony more, perh&ps. than any
other citizen "of the Pacific Coast, and they
express the hope that he will retain the
othce as long as possible. The position is
worth nearly $10,tX>0 a year, but the doctor
is not in neru of thi*.
TO FORTIFY SAN DIEGO
Mayor Carlson Returns From
Washington With an Ap
propriation.
Two New Roads Soon to Be Built Into
the Southern Port— The M tyor
to Run for Congress.
W. H. Carlson, Mayor of San Diego, ar
rived in this City yesterday on his way
home after a three weeks' business and po
litical trip to New York and Washington.
He i-< personally and politically interested
in the construction of two short railroad
lines soon to be built, with San Diego as
their common terminus.
One of these railroads, to be known as
the Southern California and Salt Lake
Railroad Company, will connect the places
indicated by its name. When completed
it will give the southern part of the State
a line to Salt Lake shorter than the Santa
Fe road by 1247 miles, and shorter than
the Central Pacific route by 500 miles.
The new r.iad will he from Manvel, sixty
miles from The Needles, to Milford, a dis
tance of 260 miles. Five years ago the
Union Pacific built forty miles on the
prospective line, and in addition to that
the road for a distance of 100 miles is
graded. So the actual work will be to
construct about 150 miles of roadbed.
In conjunction with the s'lort line to
Salt Lake* the same promoters purpose to
build a line to Yuma, to be called the San
Diego and Phcenix Railroad Company.
As a guarantee of the road's success a
committee of San Diego citizens — ex-Mayor
Sherman, Alderman Prout and State Har
bor Commissioner D. C. Reed — has been
appointed to raise $480,000 to insure 4 per
cent of the net prorits for the first three
years and also to obtain rights-of-way for
the entire distance and all needed terminal
depot grounds in San Diego.
Mayor Carlson says that work will be
begun on these two railroads in ninety
days. The intention is to have them com
pleted in a year and a half.
His visit to Washington was to secure
an appropriation for fortifications for Sun
Diego harbor, the City Council having
passed a resolution to that effect in spite
of Congressman Bowers' assurance that
there was no use to make tne attempt.
Mayor Carlson went en and, by Senator
Perkins' assistance, aa he explains, San
Diego got $400,000 for fortifications. It
seems that twenty-s«ven years ago, at the
request of the War Department, San Diego
gave 1400 acres on the bluff about Point
Loma for fortifications to protect her ex
tensive harbor.
These grounds will now be used for the
purpose intended and San Diego given a
battery that will not permit of a repetition
of the Itata incident of five years ago,
when the Chilean vessel deliberately sailed
out of the bay without any power to hin
der her.
Mayor Carlson, although but 32 years of
age, is now serving his filth term as chief
executive of San Diego.
He has always run on the independent
ticket, and at one election got more votes
than the regular Republican, Democratic
and Populist candidates combined. The
platform on which he has been elecied
was one declaring for competing railroads
into San Diego, and his present work is in
conformance with that principle.
He says that Spreckels by building the
Valley road has (lone more to settle the
railroad question of freights and fares in
California than all the commissions ever
in office for that express purpose.
Recently at the urgent request of his
friends Mayor Carlson has come out as a
candidate for Congress to represent the
Southern District from San Diego County
north to Stanislaus.
"There are just three sections in my
platform," said he last night at the Grand
Hotel. "One — I favor high protective tar
iff on foreign fruit, for the benefit of the
fruit-grower? of the district I aspire to
represent. Two — I am in favor of an ap
propriation for a public building in each
county seat in that district, in order
to save paying rent. Three — I believe in
railroad competition a 9 a means for assist
ing in the full development of California's
great resources."
As to local affairs San Dieco's Mayor
says that an eie tion is called for June 27
to approve of the contract entered into be
tween that c:ty and the water company,
by which the city would purchase the sys
tem for $1,51)0,000. San Diego's lemon in
dustry is increasing to such an extent, Mr.
Carlson says, that it is estimated that the
year after next, from present indications
of productive trees, San Diego will ship
4000 carloaus of fruit, or over ten carloads
a day.
A collier says it takes eight pounds of
gunpowder to loosen 100 tons of coal.
NEW TO-DAY.
\f JL _QiOL
Vigor and the Ability to Enjoy '
Life Come Only With a Healthy
Body and Mind.
Thousands of middle-aged and old man
are suffering from want of strength and
manly vigor, induced from a variety of
causes, such as fast Jiving, early excesses
and indiscretions, overwork, mental anx-
iety, brain fag, etc., who might instantly
regain full possession of mental and phys-
ical powers by using •
DR. SAXDE.VS ELECTRIC BELT.
Wonderful cures are reported daily and
grateful friends send the most interesting
accounts of how, under this splendid sys-
tem of self -treatment, their eyes begin to
sparkle, their blood to bound through
their veins and their muscular and nerv-
ous systems regain all the elasticity of
early youth. , -/'.•'-'■'■
Manhood Quickly Restored.
Westminster, Orange County, Cal., )
May 18, 1896. j
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: The Belt which
I bought from you some time ago has cured me.
My disease was seminal weakness of five years'
standing. I had emissions on an average of
rive times a week, and ninny times three in
one night. I used all kinds of drugs and pat-
ent medicines, and was, when I began your
treatment, in a very weak condition, both
from my trouble and the many different drug 9
1 had taken. As soon as 1 applied your Belt I
fouud relief from my losses, in three weeks a
general improved condition, and 1 am now
entirely cured. I cannot say too much in
praise of your Belt. Yours truly,
• J. M. HUBBARD.
DR. SANDENS ELECTRIC BELTS
Cure the worst cases without medicine and
cases which cannot be cured by medicine.
A pocket edition of the celebrated elec-
tro-medical work,
■ "THREE CLASSES OF MEN,"
Illustrated, is sent free, sealed, by mail,
upon application. Every young, middle-
aged or old man suffering the slightest
weakness should read it. It will show an
easy, sure and speedy way to regain
strength and health when everything else ■>
has failed. '■ .^-:';.'.H'
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Ollico hours; s A. K. to
: 8:30 P. it.: Snndays, 10 to 1. .
OFFICES AT:
I .LOS A.NUELES, A 1... I PORTLAND, OR.,
; 204 bouti) Broadway. | 25H Washington street
'P»:oqb8B^ . c«>:«:*:*>xjjg
-.- MONARCH „
v 1 -ao.yiiLi.il ci'jiiE jiiu'r'ACTCßne co M §
X 3 and 5 Front St., San Francisco. H
£ CHAS. BROWN <fe^O.\, 807 Market, Ag-t. ft
-*> C. K. SALOMOXSON *<•().. Twelfth and •*.
■ Franklin streets, Oakland,^ gent. »*<
lßli->»»r»r*j j • io5?i»%r»»!^l
The most certain "and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
Throw" B™2, Cares all Colds - Hoarsened ™£
Throat, Bronchitis, Congestions and Inflamma-
] tions. 60c per bottle, bold by DruwUta ™ m "
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily ted Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally end Sunday Cai.'i., three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall l- 50
Weekly Call, one year, by mall •• l -*°
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you po mp to the country on a vacation? If
co, It is no trouble lor us to forward THE CALL to
your address. >Do not let It miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Franci6co, California.
Telephone.. Maln-18»
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street
T^rlione ."~Z.. ..Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay; «pc» until
9::-:0 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lsrkin btreet: open until 9:80 o'clock.
h\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
113 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
-
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 32, 'M Park How, »w York City.
DAVID M. FOIiTZ, Special Agent.
MONDAY JCXE 1, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
June is with us and now the cry ia "on to
St. Louis." _
It will not be lons now before we know
who is to be next President.
One by one the prediction bureaus are
being silently slid out of sight.
To the British hog the free trade tarifl is
a swill trough and he is in it with both
feet. ___^__
One of the most completely wrecked and
lost thincs of the season is the Carlisle
boom.
Is it possible we are to have this McDag
and Nabit combination inflicted on us all
summer?
The summer that begins to-day will be a
glorious one for patriotism, protection and
prosperity.
The passing show in Europe will now
shift from Moscow to Budapesth and the
scene will be brighter.
The secret of the veto may lie in the fact
there was no appropriation for Buzzard's
Bay in the uarbor bill.
Gold bug Democrats in the East are now
announcing that there is such a thing as a
divind right of bolting.
The treasury reserve is rapidly sinking
to the danger limit, and Wall street begins
to feei its appetite revive.
The defect in the criminal procedure of
our law is that it allows too much license
to the proceedings of criminals.
Is there any Democrat in sight in any
part of the country showing a desire to cut
bait for Cleveland this summer?
The Italians and the Abyssinians haven't
made r>eace yet, but neither side shows
any desire to do the other thing.
Another agitation is getting a move on
to strike Congress at the next session. In
dian '.territory wishes to be a State.
It is time for Republican clubs to begin
mating preparations in earnest for the
grand rally of the ratification meetings.
The trampling to death of so many per
sons at the Czar's banquet to the people
will go on record as the crowning horror.
It is the popular chorus of protection,
prosperity and patriotism that is going to
make life in this country one grand, sweet
song. t
Already those who are willing to bet on
the result of the first ballet at St. Louis
are beginning to content themselves with
prophesying. .
It would be a neat and popular move if
the Market Street Company would drop
the transfer nuisance without waiting for
the law to force them.
At the present time neither faction of
the Democratic party is denouncing bolters
for the simple reason that neither is quite
certain it wiJl not be a bolter itself.
Pattison of Pennsylvania says he will
not be a candidate on a free silver plat
form and it is more than even betting that
he will not be a candidate on any plat
form.
Congress should not only pass the river
and harbor bill over Cleveland's head, but
make the passage feel to him something
like that of a club with a bunch of knots
on the head of it.
St. Louis need hardly trouble herself to
put a roof on the convention hall. If she
■will put the material somewhere in the
vicinity the first California orator that
comes along will raise it.
The electric fans which were expected to
be bo beneficial in cooling the heated
Easterners during the summer months are
said to have the defect of overdoing the
thing. Nearly everybody who sits in the
draught of one catches a cold.
The Democrats will hold their State
Convention at the same time the Repub
lican National Convention meets, with the
idea, doubtless, that they will be over
shadowed and thus enabled to get in some
shady work without being noticed.
There are rumors that Cleveland will
drop a bombshell message on the Cuban
question just in time for the report to
make a noise in the Chicago convention,
and then an effort will be made to carry
the administration programme through
before the smoke clears away.
The Philadelphia Record notes with
pride that the Nurses' Training School of
that city has attracted a student all the
way from California, thus showing that
the very presence of one of our girls is j
sufficient to cast a luster on'a school, even
when situated in ho secluded a locality as
the one in question.
The Sonoma festival in celebration of
the raising of the bear flag will be one of
the bright incidents of California life dur
ing tiie month of June, and pleasure
seekers who arrange to atten.l it can count
on a delightful holiday, as well as a chance,
to take part in the observance of a patri
otic ceremony.
AN IMPORTANT QUESTION.
From a very small beginning Mr.
Carnegie has accumulated a fortune which
he counts by the tens ot millions. It was
his right to do that; besides, the public
admires a man who makes a great suc
cess in any laudable enterprise, and, gen
erally speaking, his advice is worth listen
ing to when he does not depart too far
from the field in which he achieved suc
cess. But Mr. Carnegie makes a great
mistake when he assumes that a fortune
has an inherent understanding of every
thing in all fields of human action which
it confers upon its owner. Knowledge
does not come that way. A man may
make a great deal of money in the iron
business, for instance, and still know very
little about the science of government or
the philosophy of economics.
Hence when Mr. Carnegie says that "the
dollar of the Republic should mean a
dollar in gold, worth its face in all parts
of the world," he shows very distinctly
that he knows a good deal more about
converting iron ore into finished product
and gathering in the accruing profits in
dollars than he knows about what it is
that makes dollars money. This becomes
all the more apparent when he says that
all other economic questions should be
subordinated to the work of establishing
the gold dollar as the standard of values
and money of redemption. Mr. Carnegie
is a creditor in the commercial world, and
if he could have his bills receivable paid
in money that is always at a premium,
but which he receives at par, he would be
the gainer; but, as an ethical proposition,
it is faulty at both entls and in the
middle.
Why Mr. Carnegie is so interested in
having our dollar "worth its face in any
part of the world" is clear enough. From {'5
to 97 per cent of the entire trade and traffic
of this country is with our own people. It
is easy enough, too, to understand why
England should adhere to the gold stand
ard. Her trade is with ether nations.
£be exchanges finished products for dol
lars all over the world, and if dollars that
are at a premium come to her at par she
secures an additional profit, besides
the advantage which she secures fronj
paying for raw material in money that
commands a premium. Great Britain and
Mr. Carnegie know that so long as the
gold standard can be maintained there
wil 1 be a scarcity of money and that their
debtors will have to pay them in dollars
that rule at a premium.
But here in the United States, where our
commerce with the outside world is only
from 3to 5 per cent of our total business
transactions, it is really of no consequence
whether Europe, Asia and Africa like our
monetary system or not. The point for
us to consider is, Shall onr volume of cir
culating money be equal to the require
ments of producer and consumer, with it
always at par, or shall we hold it far
enough below a sufficiency to keep it above
par? If it were kept above par thegre.it
middle class, which is all of SO per cent of
the population, would have to pay the pre
mium, thus decreasing the commodity
purchasing power of their labor. If the
volume were sufficient to meet all de
mands, the business of the country would
be done with dollars ruling at par, which
would give the creditor no advantage over
the debtor.
Mr. Carnegie belongs to a class of pro
ducers who are to the industrial world
what the money-lender is to the financial
world. The people are obliged to have
money and they are obliged to have ihe
products of industries that are owned by
the Carnejrie class. The money-lender
wants a premium on his money and a
high rate of interest for its use. The Car
negies want pay for their commodities
in money that commands a premium
because of its scarcity, so that they will
have double profits on their products. By
making gold the standard of values and
redemption money, the money-lender and
the Carnegies would be masters of the sit
uation. By the free and unlimited coin
age of silver at the old ratio the volume
of money would be expanded to wbere it
would rule at par without variation. Then
no individual or combine could be master of
the situation. The question, tlen, which
confronts the people and is waiting for the
people to answer is, Shall the silver dollar
be reinstated, that there may be a suffi
cient volume of money to do the business
of the country, or shall 80 per cent of the
population be obliged to continue to pay a
premium in addition to high interest rates
for money by limiting our circulating
money medium to gold dollars?
THE BONDOCEAT'S OKY.
No one should be alarmed over the cry
of the bondocrats that "bankruptcy" and
"repudiation" would swoop down upon
the country the moment it is decided not
to issue any more Government bonds. It
is a Wall-street scheme to scare the public.
The Morgan-Rothschild syndicate is get
ting hungry lor another block of bonds,
and, knowing how determined the public
is in its opposition to needlessly increasing
the National debt, the- cry is raised that it
is more bonds or bankruptcy and National
degradation. The quickest and easiest
way to squelch Wall street woula be to
enact Senator Butler's bill into a law to
prohibit the issuance of Government
bonds, or any other kind of interest-bear
ing obligations without first being author
ized by Congress.
To be sure, Secretary Carlisle could stop
the outflow of gold by paying the Govern
ment's obligations in silver, except inter
est on bonds, which are payable by con
tract in gold; but as he refuses to do that,
and insists that in selling bonds for gold
he is obeying the resumption act, there
appears to be no way to prevent another
issue of bonds early in the coming fall,
and still another about the first of the new
1 year unless Congress shall provide against
it. The way that Wall street and Europe
are taking gold from the treasury the re
| serve will be below the required sum by
the middle of this month. In fact, that is
expected, and preliminary negotiations are
already tinder way, it is said, to market
another block of bonds before autumn if
the raids on the treasury are kept up as
they have been the last two months. The
country appears to be in the hands of
Wall street instead of an administration
at Washington. But the cry of "bank
ruptcy" and "repudiation" is nonsense in
any event.
A PUTILE APPEAL.
It is amnsing to listen to the appeal of
the old wheel-horses of the Democracy to
stop the internal strifes that are raging
in the party lest the party's chances to
carry the country next fail be destroyed.
The faith of these sincere but blind old
timers is sublime. If they could only see
how the land lies they would know that
their party has not a single chance to
carry anything but the condemnation of
the people. This does not mean that the
Chicago convention will not be a pictur
esque affair, for it will be all that, ana it
will attract the attention of the whole
country.
Those who have not been watching the
storm center of the Democratic party mov
ing in the direction of Chicago can have
no idea how terrible and destructive the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1896.
faction war will be. Government office
holders everywhere who are loyal to
Cleveland are working to prevent the intro
duction of a resolution denouncing Cleve
land's administration, and the opposing
factions appear to be determined to be sat
isfied with nothing less. No doubt a ma
jority of the delegates thus far elected in
the several States that have held conven
tions are decidedly opposed to giving any
quarter at all to the President or Secretary
Carlisle. An effort is almost sure to be
made to practically read Cleveland and
his following out of the party if they do
not wheel into line in the rear rank and
obey orders.
It is reported that in lowa and Missouri
more particularly not a few Postmasters
have come out flat-footed against the ad
ministration's financial policy, and dare
Ihe President to remove them because of
holding views that are not in accord with
the past and present theories of Cleve
land. It is surmised that many of them
would rather be removed than not for the
political capital they could make of it.
But anyway, no administration ever had
as many disloyal appointees as the present
one. To be sure, ingratitude is one of the
basest attributes of the human heart, but
somehow it I.? in the air that the correct
thing for Western and Southern Demo
crats to do is to join in the crusade against
the President. No chance for carrying the
country will be destroyed, however, for the
party has not even the ghost of a chance
to be destroyed.
WORDS IN COLOR.
Edwin Arnold is one of the most bril
liant newspaper corrf-spondents of our
times, but he "fell down," as newspaper
men say, at Moscow the otlier day. That
is to say, he fell down in his own estima
tion, but not in the eyes of the public.
Arnold has traveled all over the Orient
time and again as a newspaper corre
snondent, and hig descriptive letters have
never been surpassed, but at the climax of
splendor of the spectacular exhibition
which was given in honor of the corona
tion of Nicholas he threw down his pencil
and exciaimed, "Why cannot one write in
colors?"
He wrote in "colors" when he concluded
his description of tbe pageant by longing
for something that would tive to his read
ers a better understanding of the magnifi
cence and glory of the scene before him.
In his description he carried the reader
through camp and street and palace to
the throneroom of the great autocrat.
From first to last his pen pictures were so
clear and so graphic that when the climax
was abo Tit to be reached the reader's mind
was lost in what was transpiring in Mos
cow. He saw it all through Edwin Ar
nold's eyes, and when the glory, the pride
J and the chivalry of all the Russias
were concentrated before the mightiest
throne upon the earth, and the crown
of the Romanoffs paused for the moment
in midair before transforming young Nich
olas into the authorizad vicar of Jesus
Christ, the Son of God, and absolute ruler
over more than one hundred million peo
ple, scattered over and holding Dossession
of one-sixth of the land of the globe, the
imagination of the reader painted the
scene in color more brilliant and more
lasting than any words of Arnold could
have done. In fetching his reader by roads
and ways tnat were lined with events and
scenes of increasing interest to the dizzy
height of wild, intense expectation. Ed
win Arnold did more than "write in col
ors." He satisfied the imagination of his
read erfrorn afar. When a writer makes
his reader stand in his own place there is
no bej'ond in description waiting for him.
KATE FIELD.
Not only readers of newspapers, but the
newspaper fraternity, will lament the
death of Kate Field. She was a descrip
tive writer of tmusual ability, and she
could dig as deep into problems of science
and political economy as many of those
who had made it a life study.
No doubt she made enemies, but strong
characters always do, especially when they
attack the public as fearlessly as Kate
Field did. She was a radical thinker and
condemned right and left, but not un
justly, she thought.
Although pretty well known before, it
was Kate Field's Washington that revealed
the true character of the woman to the
pubhe. It was a weekly journal, and not
long after its introduction to the public
was it that Kate Field was regarded as a
woman that America might be proud of.
She marched close to the front of the
column that was pushing aside those
tilings which impede humanity' 3 onward
march, and if she did get ahead of the
procession once in a while good came of it.
COAST EXCHANGES.
The Trinity Journal reports that work on the
construction of the Weaverville-Douglas City
Telephone line is progressing. The line has
been staked out, the poles are now being cut
and all the holes will be dug by the time the
poles arc ready.
The results of th c new census of ?anta Mon
ica occasions the Outlook of that city to point
with priile to the fact that the place has in
creased 87 per cent in population since the
United States census of 1890. Then Santa
Monica had 1600 people; now it can boast of
2928.
D. A. Coddington of San Bernardino has dis
covered a new vegetable fiber which is causing
no little interest nnaong those who have seen
it, and the discovery may prove to be an im
portant one. The San Bernardino Times-Index
furnishes the appended description:
It consists of vegetable fiber which looks very
much like horsehair, and which is double Iho
strength of hemp or any other vegetable fiber
known. One strand of it Is as stronc as thread of
the same size, and when five or six are twisted It
forms a corl which Is not easy to break with the
Inn. its. Jlr. Coddington bus not made public the
name of the plant Jrom which the I. her is ob
tained, but says it grows luxuriantly with but
little irrigation, and from the length of the fiber
It must produce an uujuinted stalk not less than
four feet in length Mr. Coddlngtoa found
the fiber in water, the "pethy" part of It
being decomposed by the water, and leav
ing a bunch of fibtrs, which are perfectly
smooth, somewhat elastic, aud which may be
twisted or doubled without being brittle enough to
break. When the bunch is rolled or twisted with
a cord it will sustain a surprisingly large weight,
and is probably twice an s:ronj; as a hemp cord of
equal size, which would nl once suggest thnt It
might be used to advantage in the manufacture of
rope. Of course the question of its durability
would be something still to be tested, but alter the
rotting process by which the vegetable matter is
removed, the strength Is uninjured and It would
seem to ha lasting. It Ij suggested that it might
bo nscd in the manufacture of hues, which would
be almost indestructible, while a dozen methods of
usiug It have already been suggested. Mr. Codd
ington is experimenting with the fiber and will de
termine v.-hftl uses it may be put to and how his
discovery may be turned to advantage.
A. 11. Chessmore, having purchased an in
terest in the S'moma AVii'g, will hereafter be
associated with Nicholas ten Bosch in the pub
lication of that paper. He is convinced that
Sonoma is an excellent field for a live, newsy,
reliable weekly, and makes this declaration:
"We have no political aspirations, enemies to
fight or friends to laud, but will be indepen
dent and outspoken on all subjects, political
and otherwise, pertaining to the public wel
fare."
Oakland has another morning publication,
the Observer, the proprietor of which is Frank
H. Robinson, a former city editor of the Oak
land Times and recently connected with the
Alameda Telegram. Mr. Robinson has plenty
of ability and will without doubt issue a paper
that will commend itself to the favor of pro
gressive people in the Athens of the Pacific.
The Fresno Republican is now printed by
electricity, supplied from the waters of the
San Joaquin River, thirty miles distant. The
paper says:
The lamps which will light the city will soon t»e
in place. There has been some delay on account
of inability to get poles for the lamps. The poles
come from Mendocino County and are now on
their way. The motors for the Hughes Hotel,
Madary's mill and several others are in pj«ce.
Since the hot weather set In a number of people
have ordered fan motors, by which to keep cool,
from present appearances Fresno will soon be
come what it has already been named— the Elec
tric City. "
More electric power is promised the mines of
Tuolumne. According to the Sonora Union-
Democrat, Captain Youngren and Lester E.
Walker have filed notice that they have located
and claimed 50,000 miner's inches of water on
the Tuolumne River, the same to be diverted
therefrom through a canal for the purpose of
generating electricity for power. "The point
at which the notice is posted and from where
it is proposed to start the canal is 500 feet
above the Moffit bridge. No indication is given
in the paper as to the location of the power
station. It. is generally understood that the
gentlemen can raise plenty of money to carry
the project through. They are evidently more
or less enthusiastic over the success of the
plant recently put in on Kings River In Fresno
County, and are casting about for a good loca
tion Id which to become interested in such an
enterprise. With the Mammoth, Shawmut,
Eagle, Blue Gulch, Wheeler & Hill and other
mines opening up near them, the site would
seem to be a good one.
Says the Pasadena News: A. R. Smiley is
credited with a purpose to build an electric
railway from Rcdlands to the top of the San
Bernadino range north of that city at an ex
pense of $175,000. Mr. Smiley is able to build
and ray for the road if he chooses to do it. It
would be a great card for Redlands and South
ern California in general. Any one who should
make the mountain ascent at Redlands would
be all the more bent on taking in Mount Lowe.
San Diego is to have a new gas company. The
Sun says that the intention is to begin supply
ing gas there within ninety days or four
months at the latest. Contracts have already
been made with many consumers. The proposi
tion is to capitalize the company at $200,000
and bond it for $100,000. The citizens of San
Diego are asked to take $35,000 of the first
mortgage bonds only.
The first carload of oil from Coalinga to
Fresno amounted to about 6500 gallons and
was shipped from the wells owned by the Pro
ducers ana Consumers' Oil Company, of which
Captain Barrett and Captain McClurg of Selma
are prominent members. "This new industry,"
says the Fresno Watchman, "will prove the re
demption of the West Side country, which has
heretofore been at the mercy of the fickle wind.
Fresno will hail the day with great rejoicing
when the output from the West Side oil wells
will require numerous refineries to skirt the
western foothills.
The Yreka Union is in its forty-fourth year.
It is one of tne earliest pioneers of newspaper
dnm on the Pacific Slope, and despite the fact ;
tiint it Is uncompromisingly Democratic, it is a
pnper that, like wine in bottles, grows better
with age.
Riverside has a big shoe manufactory in
prospect, the stockholders of the Los Angeles
Shoe Manufacturing Company having under
consideration the establishment of such a
plant there. The Riverside Enterprise has the
following concerning the matter:
They proi>ose to bring their shoe factory here
nnd reorganize, or rather organize an entirely new
company with a capl;al stock front $'J5,0()0to
.$5U,000. The gentlemen state that there Is a good
opeutni: for the manufacturing of shoes In Califor
nia, as about 95 per cent of a.l our shoes come
from the East. A great deal of tne leather used
in the Kast. is manufactured here, shipped East
and then returned in shoes. This brings up the
price, as freight has to be pail across the conti
nent both ways. This shoe factory would stimu
late tanning, and that would give employment to
more men. CanaiffTO tanned leather is good, and
wiih the facilities the city has for that business,
won d acM another ir.rge branch of industry to this
city's resources. The movers in the matter pro
pose to organize an entirely new compuny, with
Uiverside people hoioing a controlling interest.
The Sunset Telegraph and Telephone Com
pany is about to extend its lines over Amador
County and that portion of Calaveras County
not already reached by telephone. In this re
gard the Stockton Independent furnishes this
information:
The entire distance to be covered will be about
156 miles, and the double wiring for tbe copper
circuit for ail bnt 40 miles of it means 272 miles of
tviro to be used. It will not be an easy line to
build, but 1 will bs a s;ooa line for Stockton and
for •Stockton business men. In all of the sections
into which the llnp will run tliero Is bnt poor com
munication with the Gas City. The telephone line
will open up the desired communication, and
much business for Stockton dealers will be the re
sult. At present the communication even by tele
graph Is slow and business will seek the other
channel because it will be quicker.
Tbe Visulia Times states that Z. D. Johns, a
plumber of Unit city, has npolicd for a patent
on an apparatus for heating water for domes
tic purposes. A coil of about twenty-lour feet
of inch iron pipe is placed within a cylinder,
through which tbe stovepipe pusses. The. heat
of the pipe keeps the water warm. Mr. Johns
has already been offered a goodly sum for an
interest in his patent, but he will place it in
the hands of a company, already partially
formed at Hanford, for introducing it intogen
eral use.
ALONG THE SKIRMISH LINE.
Prosperity coming— why, the Canton hotel
keepers are already feeling the effect of the
McKiuley boom.— Wichita Eagle.
A largo number of Democrats must either
bolt the Chicago convention or bolt unlimited
quantities of crow.— Kansas City Journal.
The imperative demand is for a fair and
square statement from McKinley in answer to
the question: "Are you in favor of the gold
standard?"— News.
McKinley's dignified reticence is Increasing .
public respect lor him every day, because it
proves that he is a statesman .who cannot be
stampeded.— Louis Globe-Democrat.
We are convinced that McKinley's strength
is greatly overrated and that the exercise of
common sense at St. Louis will scatter his
forces and clear the political atmosphere.—
per's Weekly.
. A contemporary inquires: "Are the Demo
crats all dead?" A careful survey of the field
would seem to warrant the belief that a good
many of them heartily wish they i were.— St.
Joseph Herald.
We infer from some more remarks by Thomas
C. Platt that he has not yet been invited to
Canton. Also that he is not likely to be in
vited thither. He will see the major in Tophet
first.— Boston Herald.
Senator Brice is said to have Riven up the
fight for gold in Ohio, believing it is impossi
ble to get the Democrats to declare for sound
money. The party has always been honey
combed with financial heresies in that State.—
Brooklyn Eagle.
Tne McKinley band wagon has been filled
and there is no sign of Cullom or Bradley
among its occupants. The battered appear
ance which they presented after the conflict in
their States would be a sad disfigurement to
the procession.— St. Louis Republic.
Mr. McKinley has not been backward in
making a platform on protection.,. He has not
been at all afraid to enlighten the people upon
the tariff. Why should he Khun silver? He
has practically indicated the platform except
in regard to this one question.— Philadelphia
Inquirer. . %
Since Mr. Cleveland has exercised the influ
ence of a President in directing the Democratic
party the duty and the \ credit of- defending
American institutions and of preserving Amer
ican sentiment has more and more manifestly
been transferred to ■ the ■ Republican party. —
New York Sun. . ' -'■- ■ i \: - ,
THEY NEVER WILL.
Porterville Enterprise.
Thb Call is a v*ry consistent paper In one
thing. Its editorial columns are filled with
protection, protection, protection. Will the
people ever get tired of the old song ?
PERSONAL.
Dr. D. Campbell of Butte is in town.
£. £. Biggs, a banker of Gridley, Is here.
H. J. Wylie of Washington, D. C, is In town.
Mayor W. H. Carlson of San Diego is at the
Grand.
John W. Howell, a Merced banker, Is a guest
at the Lick.
G. M. Gouyard. an assayer of Everett, Wash.,
is at the Palace.
F. D. Kendrick of Bismarck, N. D., ii among
the Grand arrivals.
John T. Gearin, ex-District Attorney of Port
land, is at the Baldwin.
George F. Home, a manufacturer of Nash
ville, Term., is at the Russ.
A. S. Flournoy of Los Angeles is staying at
the Baldwin for a few days.
A. J. McGowan, an attorney of Carson City,
Nev., is staying at the Russ.
C. A. Warn" eld ot Merced, the County Sheriff,
is at the Lick for a few days.
H. W. Crabb, an orchardist of Oakville, ar
rived at the Grand yesterday.
L. A. Spitzer of San Jose. Treasurer of Santa
Clara County, is at the Grand.
D. W. Blamer, U. S. N., is down from Mare
Island and registered at the Palace.
Jauvier Zampella, a wine merchant from
New Orleans, is a guest at the Grand.
Among the recent arrivals at the Palace is
C. B. Pitbiado of Winnipeg, Manitoba.
R. P. Quinn, a real estate dealer at Watson
ville, has apartments at the Baldwin.
Dr. W. A. McCormack of Mendocino arrived
at the Russ last night, with his family.
John F. Doyle Jr. of New York City has re
turned to the Palace after a visit to Del Monte.
J. J. Trabucco, District Attorney of Mariposa
County, is registered at the Lick with his wife.
Douglas Hall, a wealthy English tourist, is at
the Palace with his wife, child and two serv
ants.
John J. Pearce, who Is interested in mines at
Pearce and at Brisbee, Ariz., is a guest of the
Russ.
Otis M. Halstead, a prominent resident of
Los Angeles, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel are G. A. Brown and wife of Port
land, Or.
F. B. Jack, the San Luis Obispo banker and
capitalist, was among yesterday's arrivals at
tho Grand.
James Yoman, a we«lthy landowner and
stockraiser of Sutter Creek, is registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
C. \V. Waldron, one of the proprietors of the
Santa Cruz Sentinel, is at the Occidental, ac
companied by Mrs. Waldron.
Mrs. I. N. Payton of Santa Cruz returned yes
terday from a visit to Santa Barbara. She is at
the Palace, accompanied by Miss Payton.
W. A. H. Cleary Jr. of Stockton, who recently
bought a mining property in Calaveras County
for $800 and sold it for $28,000, is on a visit
here.
Judge C. E. Mack, Superior Judge over five
counties in Nevada, is among the recent arri
vals nt the lluss. He is registered Irom Vlr-
I {.inia City.
N. A. Covarrubias of Los Angeles, United
States Marshal for Southern California, is in !
town on official business. He is making the !
Palace his headquarters.
J. G. Waterman, a young capitalist and
former society man of Santa Barbara, is at the
Palace with his wife and two children. They
are on their way to Egypt, after a sudden de
parture from Santn Barbara, that proved a sur
prise to their friends.
■ John A. Gill came down from Sacramento
yesterday and registered at the Grand. He
has been appointed joint Pacific Coast freight
agent for the Vanderbilt system, with head
quarters in this City. He is an old railroad
man, huving been with the Union Pacific for
fifteen years, with the Southern Pacific for
three years, and with the Armour Car Com
pany for one year.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 31.— R. S. Stewart,
Los Angeles; H. C. Wood, San Francisco; T.
Somes, Sacramento, are in Washington.
KEEP GOING.
If yon strike a thorn or rose,
Just keep iroiug!
If it halls or if it snows,
Just keep jjoing!
'Ta!n't no use t> sts t and whine
When the fish ain't on the line;
Bait your hook and keep on tiyln'—
Just keep goinj,'!
When the weather kills your crop
Just keep going!
When you tumble from the top,
Just keep going!
'Sppse you're out o' every dimef
Gettln 1 broke ain't any crime;
Tell the world you' re 'feel in' prime-
Just k<ep going!
When It looks like all Is np,
Just keep going!
Drain the sweetness from the cup-
Just keep going!
See tha wild l>irdn on the wing—
Hear the bells that sweetly ring!
When you feel like slKhln'— sing I
Just keep goiue !
— Atlanta Constitution.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The German Emperor will visit Cowes during
regatta week.
Harry Furniss has arranged to lecture in the
United States in the autumn.
Captain Lord Charles Beresford is spending
some of his leisure time mastering the bicycle.
Charlotte Bronte's husband, the Rev. Arthur
Bell Nicholls. is still alive, though he is in
feeble health.
EbenezerXelson, the senior editorial writer
of the Boston Transcript, who has just died,
was connected with that paper for forty-five
years.
The present King of Denmark was so poor
during his early married life that he used to
give drawing lessons under the rose in the
families of the rich Frankfort merchants.
The postmistress of Gibraltar is Misi Mar
garet Cresswell, who receives the handsome
salary of $3500 a year. She is also superin
tendent of the various postomces on the North
African coast.
There has probably never been such a large
sum of money spent in wreaths as in the case
of Colonel North's funeral. There were nearly
100 anchors, crosses and wreaths, and the
total cost is computed nt $25,000.
Willard C. Goups of Hartford, Conn., has nn
earthed an important document in the shape
of a deed signed by Jefferson Davis. The deed
records the transfer of land at Harpers Ferry
in 1857 by Jefferson Davis to the father and
uncle of Willard C. Goups.
The name of the new Assistant Commis
sioner of Patents 13 Napoleon Jackson Tecum
seh Dana. It is related that when Lincoln
signed his commission as brigadier-?eneral he
wrote in the full name and remarked that it
"would certainly frighten the enemy."
Thomas Nast. the famous cartoonist, recently
painted a picture of Sir Henry Irving, which
Mr. Nast called "The Immortal Light of
Genius." It ia said that when Sir Henry saw
the result of Mr. Nast's labors he was so pleased
thai he at once sent the artist a check for
$1000 in excess of the commission.
The hovel in which the Marquis of Salisbury
lived while he was goid digging in Bendigo,
Australia, in 1852, the year before he entered
the House of Commons, is, it seems, still to be
seen. On the place being pointed out to Lady
Hopetoun and some anecdotes related to her
about Lord Robert Cecil's adventures, she is
reported to have remarked: "O, the dear old
man ! I suppose it was the digging that made
him so round-shouldered."
"SPEAKING FOR ALL."
The Bedding Searchlight.
The late convention received notice from all
City papers, including very favorable editorial
comment from some of them, but it remains
fcr the San Francisco Call to take a new stand
with the avowed purpose to speak for all by
admitting sound People's party doctrine from
so able anS eminent a writer as Joseph Asbury
Johnson to appear regularly in its columns.
We have received assurance from a source,
the reliability of which can only be shaken by
a complete backdown on the part of The Call
Itself, that this departure will not be of
an ephemeral character; therefore, we deem
it the duty of all Populists to encourage so
broad and liberal a cause by taking The Call
111 preference to any other City daily.
So unusual is the avowed course of this jour
nal, when misrepresentation has been the
keenest weapon wielded by the opposition,
that it is not surprising when many earnest
workers in the ranks of reform are inclined to
doubt its sincerity. Those feeline thus in
clined, and all Populists, will remember the
editorial of May 17, from which we clip the
following:
"During the whole course of the campaign
now approaching it will be the aim of the
editcr ot this paper to keep it true and faith
ful to the motto, 'The Call speaks for all.'
The heat of the co:;iliPt will not warp The
Call from its established course of publishing
the truth, and it will give the public the full
est and fairest reports of the proceedings of all
parties at every stage of the great canvass.
"The fair, accurate and complete reports
fiven by us of the Populist State Convention
uring the past week may be taken as an ex
ample of the method in which we shall treat
every important feature of local news. * * *
The readers of The Call will get the news
Jrom both sides on every issue, and will get it
as accurately as our own reporters or the
United Presscan obtain it in the rush of daily
events."
While the above quotation simply substan
tiates the charge made by reform papers that
old-party journals and the Associated Press
misrepresent the party of the people, it is also
a promise that The Call will not do so. While
this promise remains inviolate Populists can
not afford to divide their patronage with such
as will not be fair in return.
CURRENT HUMOR.
Bess — If I were in your shoes-
Madge— Don't talk of impossibilities.— Boston
Courier.
Nothing makes a man quite io mad as to
have a man of about his own age call him
"uncle."— Atchison Globe.
"That is a remarkably ugly Panama hat you
have on."
"Yes; I had to get an ugly one so my sisters
wouldn't wear it all the time."— Chicago Rec
ord.
The bold, bad caterpillar soon,
All snugly hid from view,
Will murmur to the summer girl,
"I have a drop on you."
PiUsburg Dispatch.
Agnes— Jt seems wicked to eat those dear
little spring lambs that gambol on the green I
Paul— Don't worry, dear; they are never
eaten while they are able to gambol.— Detroit
Free Press.
"I was so disappointed I was out the other
day when you called, Miss Percival."
"So was I. I felt sure I'd find you, because
as I turned the corner I saw you go in."—Har
per's Bazar.
Dick— You know that fellar workln' In
shaft 17 who was always kickin' for a raise?
Mick— Yes.
Dick— Well, he kicked over a can of dynamite
to-day, and got it.— Up to Date.
Mother of the Only Baby on Earth— Aren't
you going to kiss him, George?
Brother of the Mother, etc. — Why not stick a
pin in him? He'll howl just as loud for that
as he would for me kissing him.— lndianapolis
Journal.
A newspaper published In an Oklahoma
town, where the women recently carried the
election, sent the following order to a supply
house: "Please send us one small cut of a hen.
Women carried the election here, and I sup
pose we will have to swing out a hen instead
of a rooster."
"1 never seem to be able to agree with you,"
she said.
"Yet," he retorted, "I distinctly remember
your bein^ on my side upon one occasion."
So saying, Adam threw a triumphant glance
at Eve and took a turn around the garden
alone.— New York World.
"Come, old man," said the kind friend
"cheer up. There are others."
"I don't mind her breaking the engagement
so very much," said the despondent young
man. '"But to think that I have got to goon
paying the installments on the ring for a year
to come yet. That is what jars me." — Indian
apolis JournnK
A DAINTY NIGHT GOWN.
The lingere to-day is affected most decidedly
by the prevailing styles, adding much to its
picturesqUeness and detracting none from its
comfort, for the large sleeve is in night dresses
a great comfort and certainly wears well, sav
ing the strain on the yoke often occasioned by
fitted dresses.
The gown shown here is made with a yoke
back; a very shallow yoke in front holds the
gathers in place. This is finished in some
gowns by a small turn-over collar, which may
be made of embroidery or the goods. The yoke
points may be edged with a ruffle of the same
embroidery.
Other gowns have a large round or sqnare
collar of the goods or of all over embroidery,
or of alternate stripes of lace and the goods.
For ordinary use a gown of white muslin is
most sensible. This may bo made very pretty
by makincr the large collar of lawn, or the col
lar re«y be of colored batiste, which washes
very p wo!l.
Very elaborate gowns of nainsook are tucked
down the front or trimmed with narrow inser
tion.
This same shape is seen in misses' lounging
robes, which may be of any material from the
chenp outing flannels to silk wadded or lined
with flannel.
A dainty gown of pink flannel had the large
collar of white batiste trimmed with a narrow
edge of Valenciennes lace and insertion to
match brought but half an inch from the edge.
An outing flannel of blue with white stripes
had a round collar of white China silk, edged
with a ruffle of lace.
Another of wool challie with a yellow flower
on a white ground had a collar of yellow China
silk with lawn and insertion of Valenciennes.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
An Actok's Address— E. J. S., San Jose, Cal.
The address of Thomas W. Keene, the actor, is
West New Brighton, Staten Island.
Ahctibishop Alemany— A. S., City. The late
Archbishop Alemany resigned his see in De
cember, 1884, and went to Valencia, Spain
where he died April 14, 1883.
Father Yobke's Answer— J. H. M., City. The
answer of the Rev. Father Yorke to the charge
that "Abraham Lincoln was assassinated by
Roman Catholics," appears in the Monitor.
January 11, 1896.
Midwinter Fair Ftjjjd— H. T. , City. The bal
ance of the Midwinter Fair fund has been used
in part by the Director-General in the pur
chase of many curios which are to be placed in
the Park Museum.
State Printing Office— A. B. W., Lathrop,
Cal. The building in which the State printing
oflice is located is called the Governor's man
sion because it was originally intended as an
executive's residence.
Free Coinage of Silver— W« H. W., Delano,
Cal. Free coinage of silver is the taking silver
bullion to the mints in the United States and
having it coined on the owner's account the
same as gold bullion is coined.
Elaine— F. H. J., City. The painting of
"Elaine" by Toby Rosen thai was cut out of ita
frame and stolen from a picture-store, corner
of Kearny and Morton streets in this City, on
the night of the Ist of April, 1875.
Atlantic Cable— Theo, City. The first cabla
across the Atlantic was finished in 1858, and
the first message sent over it was one of con
gratulation from Queen Victoria to President
Buchanan. This cable proved a failure. The
first successful cable was completed in 1800.
Going Up^-R. O. T., City. In going along
Sixth street from Bryant to Market it is per
fectly proper to say, in starting from Bryant
street, "1 am going up to Market street," for
the reason that Market street is twenty-four
feet higher than Bryant on the line of Sixth
street.
Women's Rights— H. T., City. In this State a
woman has the right to engage in the saloon
business if she chooses to do so. Section IS,
Article XX of the Constitution of this State
says: "Ko person shall, on account of sex. be
disqualified from entering upon or pursuing
any lawful business, vocation or profession."
A Coward's Act— L. Iff. 8.. Benicia, Cal. C.
L. Stone of 8 Dale place, this City, informs this
department that "Sergeant Reply," by
A. H. R., in which occurs the sentence, 'It is a
coward's act to shoot ct one that can't resist,"
appeared in the Post of this City some years
ago, that he has a copy of it in his scrapbook,
aud that L. 31. B. may send to have it copied.
Fip.st Papers— A. W., Dixon, Cal. If you ob
tained your first papers in San Francisco, and
have lost them, you can obtain a copy of tha
same by writing to the court out of which they
were issued, li issued out of a department of
the Superior Court, you can obtain a certified
copy by addressing the County Clerk, giving
the name of the court that issued the papers,
and the date.
New York City— a. S. G., City. Tho area ol
the city of New York south of Harlem River is
12,575,810 acres. The area of the Twenty
third Ward 4.276,023 and that of the Twenty
fourth is 8,050,323, making a total of 24,893,
-156 acres. The area of the entire city is t>3
square miles. The area of London is 122
square miles, that of Paris is 30 square miles;
that of Chicago is 189 square miles, Philadel
phia 129, and San Francisco 42.
Collection Day— Reader, Lathrop, Cal. At
one time— that was before the advent of the
railroad across the continent— the merchant*
of San Francisco were in the habit of making
their collections on the day before the de
parture of the steamer of the Pacific Mail Una
for Panama, aud the day on which bills were
presented was known as "steamer day." In
after years it was found that what was known
as steamer day would no longer answer busi
ness purposes; therefore the merchants agreed
upon certain days on which collections should
be made, aud these are now known as "collec
tion days."
United States Finance.— C. E. R.. Waterloo,
San Joaquin County, Cal. From figures pre
pared by the Treasury Department at the in
stance of Senator Cockrell It appears that
when Grover Cleveland entered the White
House on the 4th of March, 1885, the publio
debt was $1,196,149,600. During his first
administration the debt was reduced $338,
-043,380. The interest paid during the first
Cleveland administration was $188,258,903.
In interest, premiums and principal there was
paid in the four years of tne first Cleveland
administration $551,000,000.
When Harrison entered the White House he
found the public debt to be $858,106,220.
When he left at the end of his term it had
been reduced to $5^5,034,260. The reduction
of the principal during the Harrison admin
istration was $128,521,436. The payment oa
principal, interest and premiums during Har
rison's term was $423,000,000.
Last March Cleveland completed the third
year of his second term. When he was in
augurated thesecoud time the debt was $585,
-034,260. At the end of his third year-
March 3— it was $822,000,000, an increase ol
$237,000,000. The interest paid in the third
presidential year of Cleveland's administra
tion was $34,000,000. In the third presi
dential year of Harrison's term the interest
charge was $21,000,000. In the first fiscal
year of Cleveland's second adminis tration tha
increase of the debt was $50,000; In the
second it was $81,000,000. The third full
year will not be ended until the 30th of June.
It will include the February sale of $100,000,
-000.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Towniend't.*
wi. — •—»• — »
Special Information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Prea*
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
A Live and Fearless Paper.
See what James H. Barry in Saturday's Star
has to say about Judge Wallace's property and
Jailing memory, Maguire and Buckleyism, The
A. P. A. Bigots, Blackguards, Blatherskites and
Bilks, the Democratic Convention, Defects o.'
the New Charter, Bank Investigation and other
live articles of the day ; 5 cents. The Star for sale
by all newsdealers. Subscriptions $1 50 per
year. *
•— ♦ — «
Miss Delia— What was the highest wind yon
ever encountered, captain?
Captain Olesalt— Soda water at 23 cents a
glass.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
Via Union Pacific,
__ Sl * DAYS TO CHICAGO— 3%
OJ!(LY 4Va DAYS TO NEW YORK-4Vi
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, daily without
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between Bait Lake City, Ogden and Chicago.
Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers. San Fran
cisco to Chicago, daily without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to St. Paul
and Chicago every Friday.
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe. -
D. W. HJTCHCOCK, General Agent.
» ♦ — •
Yellowstone Park Excursion.
Watch this ad tor full particulars regarding oar
great excursion to the Yellowstone. Farty leaves
here the 12th of July. Weekly excursions in up
holstered touriit cars. No change. Lowest rates
to all points East. T. K. Stateler, agent Northern
Pacific Kailroad, 638 Market street. San Francisco.
•—• — • — »
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mothers
for their children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay*
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other cause*. For sale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and as!c
for Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 250 a botUa.
- t i
Cohojtado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists eon.
mon farther north. Kound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel .I*l
Coronado, $60; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4Kew Montgomery st., San Fra-iciaco.
'■•-»«
Jabbs— Gibbs says he doesn't owe anybody a
cent. Is it possible he tells the truth?
Grubbs— Yes, the exact truth— as .to the
amount.— Roxboro ugh Gazette.
NEW TO-DAY.
EB§h uIIIUQ HQI v
——AT —
MONEY-SAVING PRICES.
Cups, Saucers and Plates, decorated, 7\4a
each. , "
Decorated Pitchers, Porcelain— lsc, 20c.
• 25c each.
Crystal Glass Berry Sets, per set, 25c, 35c,
50c. •.
Table Tumblers, per set, 20c, 25c, 30c.
Decorated Dinner, Set, complete, 60 pieces,
$4 65 and $5 25.
Decorated Toilet Set, complete, $1 65.
Genuine Carlsbad China, exquisitely decora*
■ ted, Dinner Set, 100 pieces, $15 00.
The kind and quality others charge fts.
AT
Great Americanlinportißa; Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st. '
3510 Mission st. .'•■_. 218 Third St.
140 Sixth st. 3008 Fill more st.
617 Kearny st. i-j. •. 965 Market st. .
1410 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
53! Montgomery aye. 104 second st.
333 Hayes st. 3250 Mission st.
53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. F.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St."
i3i San Pablo aye. 017 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park st., Alameda.MuNDAY JUNE 1. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Ealbwijj Thiatkr.- "Twelfth Night," ■ ■
Columbia Theater— <k The Two Escutcheons. "
Mobosco's Opkra-Housk— "The Soudan."
SIVOLi OPKBA-Horsit.— •Olivette-"
OKPHErM— High-Class Vaudeville.
!-itko Coney Island— Baiiiing and Perform-
ances. . .■ ;■ :•.•;•: '/'■■. '•: . ' : .
EnooTTKECHVTKs-DaUy at Ilaight street, one
tlock cast of the Park. \
Hacdgxovvh Thkatib (Oa«lavb) — "The
Strange Adventures of Miss Brown," to-night.
B J *>-■>> X Coast Jockey Club.— Races to-day. ■
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EXCCRSIOK to THE SANTA Cruz Mountain*—
ThUi-saay, June 4. . ; '
AUCTION SALES. .':.
By Geo; F. liAMsoir-^This day, June 1, Groceries,
at 1115 I-Oisom street, at 1 1 o'clock.
By Ij. H. Briu>— This day, June 1, Furniture, at
883 O'Farrell street, at 11 o'clock.
By L. Vincent- '1 day (Monday), Furni-
ture, at 1416 Clay street, at 11 o'clock.
By 9. Jlapcjt— This day (Monday). Furniture,
etc., at 319-321 Sutter street, at 10:80 o'clock.
By Kaston <£ Eldriuqk — To-morrow, June 2,
Real Estate, at €38 Market St., at 12 o'clocK noon.
I'y G. H. Vmesex <t Co.— Monday, June 8,
Heal Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
ai 12 o'clock noon. ; :
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Heavy artillery practice will begin at the
Presidio to-day.
"Fair Monday; warmer."— Forecast
Official McAdie. :■ .
Dr. Joserh Pescia will assume the office of
Italian Consul to-day.
Local Socialists will put a complete political
ticket of its own in the field.
Trinity Sunday was impressively observed in
all the Episcopal churches of the City yester
day,
Electric won the dog ttake at Casserlyi
Kerrigan 1 Ocean View Coursing Park yester- ;
day.
Kate Field's death evokes memories of the
great work which she has done for the political
rights of her sex.
Charles Kkinan, who was recently discharged
from the insane asylum at Agnews, committed
suicide on Minna street yesterday.
The two days' cricket match between the
Alaineda and Golden Gate grounds ended yes
terday in a win for Alameda by 56 runs.
J. F. Fugazi gave a banquet to his friends
Bntnrday evening, it being the thirty-sixth an
niversary of his arrival in San Francisco.
A reunion of all the sodalities of St.
Joseph's parish was held yesterday afternoon
at the church, Tenth street, near Howard.
At the San : Francisco Handball court yester
day Coast Champion Riordan and J. J. Feeney
were defeated by J. C. Xealoa and R. Lenihan.
St. James branch of the League of the Cross
held its regular quarterly rally yesterday
afternoon at Mission Parlor Hall on Seven
teenth street..
James Dixon was treated at the Receiving
Hospital for injuries to his back and head,
which he received in falling from a Mission-
Etreet cable car. ■:•.:!
Captain Vhitelaw is almost ready to lift the
sunken Blairmore to the surface. Yesterday
he loaded up two barges of machinery to be
used at the wreck.
Picnickers on the ferry-boat San Rafael re
turning home last night engaged In a battle
and George Hildebrandt, a brewery employe
was seriously hurt.
Quartermaster-General Batchelder visited
Benicia Arsenal and Barracks yesterday. He
was accompanied by Major Davis, the repre
sentative of the Secretary of War.
Richmond district is greatly agitated over
the reported burial of a large sum of money
in Calvary Cemetery by a man who died be
tween twenty and thirty years ago.
A small fire at the ferry depot, in a building
belonging to the State and occupied as a store
room by the Southern Pacific Company, called
out the department yesterday at 12 o'clock."
The committee of the French Benevolent So
ciety has published an address to the public
giving their reasons for not wishing Dr. C b'
Brigham as suTceon-in-chief at the French
Hospital. .. .; '■-}. '-.
The Catholic services yesterday in commem
oration of Trinity Sunday included a special !
five minutes' sermon, preached by Father Ar
thur M. Clark, at St. Mary's, and "a children's
first communion. ; ■.■ ■■
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry spoke to a large audience
in . Metropolitan Hall yesterday afternoon on
the subject of why he bated political Roman
i£m> and in the evening he addressed an as
semblage at Odd Fellows' Hall on why he re
jected religious Romanism;.
: J. Cleg'*.-. Wright delivered the last of his
course of lectures at Golden Gate Hall last
night. He attacked the Christian doctrine of
atonement. Dr. Robbins had a good audience
in Washington Hall, where he spoke on the
recent spiritualist convention.
Central Market, on Sutter street, will be re
moved four months hence to a spacious new
building to "be erected on Powell street. Its
name will be changed to Union-square Market.
The o!d building on Sutter street will be re
modeled and occupied by D. Samuels.
Many prominent scientific ana medical men
have expressed themselves on Dr. Eisen's re
markable .discovery that the centrosome of
animal cells are living organisms. David
Star .Jordan, of Stanford thinks it of the
greatest, importance. Charles Otis Mitchell
thinks it : will be most far-reaching in its re
sults, and many others hold the same view.
BOTTLES THEIR WEAPON
Returning Picnickers Kngagn in a Wild
■ ■;. '■' Fight Over Win* on » Ferry- i
./..';,:.; ;.":■'•' ;.■ -Boat. ; .' ■; ■■/;■ . . .
• Passengers : on the. 6 o'clock boat from
San Rafael last evening were treated to
the: : aftermath of a Sunday piciiip. : ■
<In the boat was a private party return
ing . from a Sunday outing. They: had
several: bottles of wine that had not .been
.consiiined, : and which were placed in
: charge of an old man.. .:? ''■■] ;; ■ •
These full bottles caught the eyes ol
some of the returning sports and it did
not take them long to make a raid on the
stock. • ;■■:; ■-.- ■■'-' ..,.-.'.•; - : - .'■ ' ;jM
This liberty caused a protest oh the part
of the custodian of the beverage, which
] recipitateda general row. i^eerpots and
wine bottles v.ere thrown at a reckless rate.
One of the flying missiles struck George
Hildebrundt, an employe of the Philadel
phia Brewery, making a long gash over
his ieft eye. \ . r
In consequence of there being no peace
oflicers on the boat there were no arrests
made. : .
A Moonlight Picnic.
The Improved Order of R»d Men held its
annual picnic yesterday at fcheil Mound Park.
The Ked Men left their hall at 9 o'clock, and
headed by the r-chuetzen section marched to
the boat. A pleasant time was had find the
children enjoyed their outing, for prizes had
been provided for every youngster on the
grounus. Among the other features were
raffles and prizes for bowling. Very few went
home at sundown, lor the picnic lasted until
the last train left for San Francisco.
NEW TO-DAY.
FACE RAW
AND
My little boy was afflicted with Kczema In
acme form for a year, dvi intr which we tried
without success every known remedy. The ilia-
order appeared on the right cheek acd was of a
blietery and bloody form. His pillow, mornimiß,
■would bear the bloody imprint of the aide of his
face, while it was impossible to prevent him
from scratching his face owing to the itching.
Advised to try Ccticcra, I bought a box. The
first application was made at night, and tt is a
fact, that the appearance of the affected parts
showed a noticeahU.improrement the next morn-
ing, and, continuing the treatment, as a result,
my child has at fair aud smooth skin as con be
found anywhere.
W. 8. NEEDHAM, Pataskala, O.
BrEKDT Cl'ltl TBBATMEST. — W«rm bath*. With
Ccticpsa Bf>AP, crntle «ppli«ition» of C'TirnßA foint-
mtnt). the creat >kin cure, mul ra'.ld (ioie« of lliiciba
Kesolveut, greats* of burner cure*.
Sold throughout the »orld. Price, CcTiotraA, 50ct
Poai, 2V.j Rbm)LVl!<(t. Mr. ond •!■ Pomtß Ssro
i.in Cum. C'ikf.. Sole JPropt., Bi~iton.
IW " Uow to Cure Every bkin Disease." m»i'ed frc*. ■
HIGH-LOW JINKS
UPON THE WATER.
Dolphin Club Swimming
and Boat Races at
North Beach.
CANOE RACER CAPSIZED.
James Coughlan Won a Diamond
Medal Presented the Club by
A. P. Rothkoph.
CANOE VS. A BICYCLE BOAT.
A Large and Enthusiastic Crowd at
the Eeach— Funny Stories and
Music in High Jinks.
Piers and a etretch of sandy beach
thronged with people, boat club co'ors
flyinsr in the wind, a race course on the
water and many small boats ana white-
winged yachts beyond was the acene at |
North Beach yesterday at noon. The an
nual regatta and high jinks of the Dolphin !
Swimming and Boating Club brought the \
crowd. Many members of other boat clubs
of San Francisco were present. The water i
was rather choppy, bat it was pronounced
not bad. Time in none of the races was i
taken. The stiff breeze would have made i
it slow if it had been.
The tirst event was a 100-yard swimming '
race. It was pulled off at 11:30 o'clock. ]
The entries were J. Coughlan, Captain W.
O. Patch of the Dolpins, J. Cronin, J.
Marron and Ed Sullivan. The swimmers
were pretty well bunched for thirty yards,
when Couehlan, Patch and Marron began
to pull away from the others, and tuey
tinishel in tue order named, though Patch
was in the race to the linish.
There was a prize in this race, the only
one of the (Jay in whicti a prize was offered.
It was a glittering gold and diamond me.lal
presented for the race by A. I. Kothkoph,
an old member of the Dolphiu Club.
Coughlan, the winner, now wears it.
For the three boat laces J. Sullivan was
starter, A. Rotbkoph and F. W. Staib
were judges, and P. W. Woerner was re
feree. Ihe main course was about one and
a half miles, three-quarters of a mile to
the stake boat, extending from Hyde to
Fillniore streets.
For the out-rigger one-mile skiff race,
Tony Itouard and Captain Patch were the
only: contestants. They pulled away amid
prolonged cheers from the crowds and en
couraging shouts from their friends. It
was a close puil long after the turn when
Kouard's wind and strength began to show
to advantage and he finished a pood win
ner.. Owhis; to the wind and short sea the
pull over the course gave the racers all
ihe exercise they wanted in one heat.
The second event was a unique race be
tween a bicycle Doat, owned by Captain
Colin Thompson, with Jtck Cobghlah in
the saddle, and Captain Patch in a canoe.
The bicycle boat is a strange looking craft.
Imagine two inclosed cigar-shaped shells
lashed parallel in a steel frame about two
.e^t apart, a bicycle minus the wheels on
t-'. with every revolution of the pedals
giT^ng lour revolutions to a small pro
ijdle. in the water in the rear, and you
have a picture of the bicycle boat. The
shells are painted black, and the bicycle
r^ine is black. The contrivance look 3
top-heavy with a man up, but Captain
Thompson say? it is not; that a speed of
from eight to ten miles an hour may be
made, and that it is no smooth water craft
either.
The spectators became very enthusiastic
over thia race. Captain fatch in the
The Water Bicycle Which Attracted Mnch Attention at the Dolphin riub Jinks.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1896.
canoe made Jack Coughlan pump those
paddles as he never had before on a wheel,
but an accident spoiled the finish. They
got only as far as the staKeboat, which
the canoe turned first amid great cbeerin?
and waving of co'ors, but in trying to
make too short a turn with the bicycle
boat Coughlan broke the handle-bar from
its connection with the steering gear, and
the bicycle-boat tossed helplessly on the
waves. It was towed into port.
The third and last event was a> canoe
race between Captain Patch and J. Cough
lan. The former was more in his element
than Coughlan and won ea3iij by a quar
ter of a mile. When about 200 yards from
the linish line Patch's canoe capsized and
he swam in with the canoe, winning the
race.
A barge race was on the programme, but
it did not come off. The reason was that
the water was too rough for the crews
from Long bridge to come around Lom
bard street. The Pioneer crew was the
only one which attempted it, and they
came through safely and attended the high
jinks in the afternoon.
The high jinks took place in the second
story of a Iranie building— a part of the
old woolen-mills on North Point street.
The high jink 3 comprised vocal and in
strumental solos and duets and telling of
funny stories by local people. The high
jinfcs was quite lively, and many kegs, do
nated by local brewers, added a little more
spirit to the occasion. Among those on
the programme were: Farrell, Fisher and
Murphy, b'injo and guitar; Cox and Mas
ters of the Aneeline Social Club, mandolin
and guitar; C. Ward of the Angeline So
cial Club, solos; Charles Sidney O'Brien,
the colored composer of *'Ma Angeline,"
sang "Ma Angeline" and the crowd
joined in the chorus; Patton and Quinn,
mandolin and guitar; James Hansen,
Swedish melodies; J. Custer, banjo solo;
Ed Sweeney, funny stories; Mr. Kline,
harp and harmonica; Gilbert ana Goldie
of the Tivoli, songs; F. E. Furness of Sac
ramento, piano solos. There was also
some friendly sparring by S. Gilbert of the
Olympic Athletic Club, Ed Sullivan of
Watching the Aquatic Experts of the Dolphin Club at Its Regatta Yesterday.
the Dolphin Club and Stewart Carter of
tne Olympic Athletic Club.
The crowd in the hall was bo large that
at one time during ttie afternoon it was
thought the floor would collapse. No
more people were allowed in the building
or the grounds till props had been put up
and the floor strengthened.
Next Sunday the Dolphins will give a
picnic at Sunset Park.
The Dolphins and their friends as
sembled in a large room of the old woolen
mills adjacent to their clubhouse. 60
larce was the crowd that its weight over
taxed the floor.
The joists began to show signs of giving
way, and immediately the men in charge
cleared the place. This was done so
cleverly that it was not generally known
how dangerously close to a disaster the
merry party had been.
Joseph Donahue, an all-round amateur
sparer, while imparting knov/ledge in his
line to a friend at the high jinks of the
Dolphins, was knocked out and down by
his pupil. He had hij left shoulder frac
tured.
APPEAL OF PRINTERS.
Typographical Union No. 21 Thanks
the Signer* of Their Bequest to
Employers Using Slachinos.
At the repular meeting of San Francisco
Typographical Union No. 21 held yester
day it was unanimously resolved that the
thanks of that body be tendered to the
signers of the following appeal, and that a
copy be furnished to all the daily papers:
AN APPEAL TO THE EMPLOYEES T'SING TYPESET
TING MACHINES.
San Francisco, Cal., May 12, 1896.
I"'kap. Sib: We. the undersigned, most re
spectfully recommend to you to set aside your
typesetting mnchines for the present and re
store the hana compositor lor the following
reasons:
The financial and industrial distress that has
prevailed throughout the United States, and
more especially on the Pacific Coast, during !
the past few years still continues to exist, and
! lias so impoverished the idle mechanics as to
i have a very perceptible financial bearing upon
the business public, more so in the retail dis
trict.
While this tidal- wave of financial depression
is visiting our coast you have introdticcd a
labor-saving deyict- which, when manipulated
by an expert, displacs four or five skilled me
chanics whose minimum earning capacity was
$4 50 per duy.
Up to the present date upward of 250 men
have been torced into the ranks of unskilled
and unemployed labor, thus destroying their
earning capacity of over $200,000 a year.
Many of these mechanics arc too old to follow
any other occupation, and their families are
thereby visited by the vulture of famine, and
their children deprived of the comforts that
all American-born children are entitled to.
As alove stated, oue machine displaces from
fpur to five men who formerly raid house rent,
purchased food and raiment, visited places of
worship and amusement, and purchased tne
various necessaries of life, thereby giving a
general distribution of the $250,000 through
out the business community.
Brown Bros. <fc Co., 121 and 123 Sansome street;
Hyams. i'auson * Co.. 25 and 27 sun some. ;
Columbia Woolen Mills, 641 Market.
Chicago Clothing Company, 34-40 Kearny.
Union Clothing Company, 112-116 Kearny.
Charles Kellus *Co.. Kearny and scatter.
Benedict <fc Turner, Montgomery and 9 utter.
Baldwin & Hammond, 10 Montgomery.
G. 11. Umbsen & Co., 14 Montzomery.
CV liter A: Spader, 30 Montgomery.
Edward B. spenr & Co.. SI Suiter. ■
Carison-Curn.-r Co.. 6 butter.
O. *'. yon Kliein & Co., 513 California,
San Francisco Savings Union, by Albert
Miller, president. 532 California. .
Joe Pohelm. 201 and 203 Montgomery and 724,
1110 and 1112 .Market.
McAfee Bros., 108 Montgomery. !
Bovee, Toy & Eontag, 19 Montgomery.
O'Farrell <fc Co., 11 Montgomery.
Madison & Bnrlce, 626 Market.
A. M. Speck <fc CO., 602 Market.
William W. A vies. 6OJ Market.
Young & Lan;:, 602 Market.
Hueh Shtels, 602 Market.'
A. J. Rich & Co., 112 Montgomery. .
B. P. Oliver, 114 Montgomery. .
- Murphy, Grant & Co., 100 Sansome.' .j -
Joseph Fredericks & Co., 649 Market.
Raphael's (Incorporated), 9-13 Kearny at.
Shainwald, Buckbee it Co., Mills building.
Greenebaum & Co., 115 Rush.
Lev! Strauss & Co.. 14-16 Battery. '
L. Dinkelsplel & Sons 37-39 Battery. * ,
-Wangenh ira, Sternheim A Co., 528 Market. "
John B. Knssell, 704 and 706 Market.
Davis Bros., 718 Market.
Eaglcson & Co., 750 Market. , •
Nolan Bros, shoo Co.. 812 and 814 Market.
Hale Bros. (Inc.), 937-941 Market.
M. A. Hamburger (The Maze), Market and Tay
lor. -■ "-■■- ■ • ' : ■■.■-■---■•■
Charles Lyons, 1212-1818 Market.
J. J. O'Brien & Co.,' Market and Jones. .
Joe Rosenberg. 40 and 42 Cieary.
O. Verdier A Co. (City oi Paris), Geary st. and
Grant aye. ■=- .''■.. . , ■
A. Calilean. cor. Geary St. and Grant are.
Greenoertr A Greenberjr. 31 Urant aye.
Davis, Schonwasser <& Co., 134 Posu
lioos Bros.. Kearny and Post.
Kaiton, Eldridije •£ Co., 63S Market.
Koblberg. ntrauss & Frohman, 107 and 109
Post and 1229-1224 Market.
O'Connor. Mofftttt Co.. 111-121 Post'
D. bam ut-ls' Lace House. 123 Post.
\V. &J. Sloane & Co., 641 Market. -
California Furniture Manufacturing Co., 117
Geary .
W'akefleld Rattan Co., 125 Geary.
Pope Manufacturing Co., 344 Post.
Sperry lour Co., 134 California.
11. G. Prince, 116 California.
\W A. Debar, 204 Front.
J. G. Paten, '.'O4 Front.
H.H.Henrlci, 204 Front.
F. T. Rossiter, 204 Front.
Dunham, Carriran * Hayden Co., W. H. Blxey,
cashier, 17 and 19 Bealo.
• ■ William Blaisdell, st. Nicholas riotel, Market. i
ltadam's Microbe-Killer Co., 1330 Market. ;-,■; -,■ - " •?*
THE FESTIVAL OF
HOLY TRINITY.
Impressively Observed in
the Episcopal
Churches.
REV. MR. WALK'S SERMON
Speaks Eloquently on the Trin
ity and Border-Line of
Mystery.
MANY CHILDREN AT ST. LUKE'S.
Sunday-Schools From All Orer the
City Hold Afternoon Services in
That Church.
The annual festival of the Holy Trinity,
or Trinity Sunday, was observed yesterday
with impressive and beautiful music and
appropriate services in the different Epis
copal churches throughout the city.
At Trinity Church every pew was occu
pied. The music was especially arranged
for the day by the organist, H. J. Stewart.
The "Te Deum" was composed by Mrs.
Stewart and was particularly beautiful.
An offertory was sung by the contralto,
Mrs. Olive Reed.
The sermon delivered by the rector, the
Rev. George Edward "Walk, was on the
subject of the "Trinity and the Border
line of Mystery," based upon the epistle of
the day, tne fourth chapter of Revelations.
"The 'thrice holy' mentioned in the
chapter," said Mr. Walk, "has to deal
with the Trinity. The best definition of
the Trinity is found in the language of
the Scriptures themselves. We may not
be satisfied with the metaphysical disqui
sitions of the schoolmen, and after the
best they can do has been uttered the
mind coming back dissatisfied is finally
compelled to rest upon the fact of Father,
Son and Holy Ghost.
"God the Father, speaking from heaven,
commended Jesus the Son, and anoints
him for his holy work by causing the Holy
Spirit to descend upon nim, and his voice
is heard from out the unutterable glory,
saying: 'This is my beloved Bon, iv
whom I am well pleased.'
"The limitations of knowledge tnat sur
round such a topic are very great. We
stand l:ke St. Jonn on the border-line of
mystery; we attempt to Deer through the
j open door; visions spring before our gaze
j and the limits of the known and unknown
are dimly defined. #
"Men say that these are mysterious
; }hing--, but they are no more so than the
I limitations which surround Inquiry into
physical things. Scientific as well as
theolojical researches are surrounded by
the same mysterious limitations whic"
I bind human effort. Christianity professes
i to mane men wise unto salvation. It makes
! plain the path of duty, but it pauses at
the boundary of utility.
"The Holy ADOstle, caught up into the
third heaven, saw things which he tells us
were unutterable and things which it is
not lawful to repent. There are many
things which are apprehended, but which
may not bo demonstrated by the mathe
matics of pure reason, and yet they are
not unreasonable. They are simply the
things belongine to the infinite which are
beyond the power of mortal ken."
At St. Luke's on Van Ness avenue the
church was tilled with the bright faces of
miniature Episcopalians. The following
Sunday-schools were present: Trinity,
St. Luke's, Grace, St. John's, St. Peter's,
Advent, Good Samaritan, St. Mary's, St.
James', St. Stephen's and St. Paul's. Be
sides these the children of the Protestant
Episcopal Orphan Asylum were present
under the Rev. Mr. Kip.
The opening address was by Rev. Mr.
Moreland. Before delivering it, however,
be read a telegram from Bisnop Nicholi,
sending greeting to the children. In his
brief sermon he explained to the children
the meaning of the TTinity, and held a
glass prism in his hand to show tnat were
a beam of white light passed through it
the beam would be into three
prominent colors — red, yellow and blue.
"Christ," said the speaker, "was the
prism who showed us that God, although
being but one is at the same time three."
The Rev. Mr. Lion of St. Stephen's then
addressed the children on the same sub
ject, carrying the trend of Mr. Moreland's
remarks still further. "We must not
only have a true faith," said he, "but we
must continually be doing good. One act
of kindness every day is a splendid rale to
follow. Let us do what God calls us to do
in our own way, and we will all be mis
sionaries to carry his truth to all the
world."
FIRE AT THE FERRY LANDING.
A State Building and Southern Pacific
Stores Damajcil,
A small fire at the foot of Market street
caused an alarm to be turned in yesterday
shortly before 12 o'clock.
The cause of the fire was not ascertained,
but the building, which belongs to the
State find is occupied as a storeroom by
the Southern Pacific Company, was wel
scorched by the time the department en
gines got there.
The entire damage, however, did not
exceed $150.
THE THEATERS.
Attractions Offered With a View to
Please the Audience*.
The event at the Baldwin Theater this
evening will be the revival of Shake
speare's "Twelfth Night," in which Miss
Ada Rehan will appear as Viola. It will
be put on with fine scenery.
The Frawley Company will open at
the Columbia Theater to-nighc in "Two
Escutcheons,'' which will be presented
here for the first lime. There are Beveral
new people in the company.
Leslie Morosco, after an absence of six
months, will reappear at the Grand Opera
house to-night in the spectacular produc
tion, "The Soudan," which is to be ef
fectively staged.
The lively operetta "Olivette" will be
presented at the Tivoli Opera-house to
night, with Josephine Gassman in the
title role and Ferris Hartman as Coquel
icot.
The Meers brothers, high-wire perform
ers from London, will appear at the
Orpheum Music Hall. They, it is said,
introduce a great number of novelties.
"The Three Rubies" will appear in com
edy sketches.
Eddie Foy will appear in Oakland to
night. He will bring out "The Strange
Adventures of Miss Brown" at the Mac
donough Theater, and the performance is
to be given for one me tit only.
SPIRITUALISTS T WORK
Why They Do Not Organize
in One Great Asso
ciation.
The Doctrine of Atonement Assailed
by J. Clegg Wright in Golden
Gate Hal.
J. Clegg Wright, Inspirational speaker,
delivered the last lecture of the course at
Golden Gate Hall last night to an audience
good in point of numbers and appreciative
in point of interest. Mr. Wright ap
peared in evening dress, and although his
gestures were not in accord, being rather
awkward and far-ietched at times, the
matter of his lecture more than compen
sated for whatever defects there might be
In the manner.
He exhorted his hearers not to be re
ligiously narrow.
"If Jesus Christ is not your Savior,"
said he, "he is no more to you than the !
Mayor of this City or any other man. The
whole fight for intellectual liberty is to
clear the mind of man from the doctrine '
of substitution, and to get rid of that be
tiei is the hardest task of all. Men seem i
to be afraid to say that they don't believe
it. Man must be educated to understand
that there is nothing in the atonement;
that Jesus Christ is an idol. Unitarianism
is a philosophy rather than a religion,
while Spiritualism is a ecience and philos
ophy buth.
"In place of religion you eet morals.
When the religions go down morals lise.
Religions talk of duty to God. but man
owes no duty to God, for how can the
finite be under obligations to the infinite?
The tiniu; is powerless to discharge any of
those obligation?.
"Christianity is the most powerful re
ligion for winning the hearts of corrupt
men. It teaches "that through the inter
cession of Jesus Christ righteousness snail
be vindicated nnd the rogue and the thief
shall goto glory."
As may be seen from the foregoing quo
tations Mr. Wright's lecture abounds in
quaint Sayings which are rather shocking
to Christians. After praising the republi
can form of government as one of the best
for the present age and people he said:
"When the intellect of the Nation is a lit
tle h'gher you will have no President, no
Representatives, but the people by direct
vote will say what shall be law and
what shall not be the law."
In another place Mr. Wright, speak- ■
ing of inspiration, said:
"When the god of inspiration wants to
make a great man he makes him out of a
common man. From the peasant's hut
comes the hero; from the log cabin came
Abraham Lincoln.
"There is a tendency in this country to
carry people back into Christianity and
to reverse the victories of the past. Stand
by freedom ana the schools. Fight
against laws that will enslave the me
diums."
At the conclusion of the lecture Judge
Moore offered a series of resolutions
thanking Air. Wright for his series of lec
tures. The resolutions were adopted
unanimously.
Before and after the lecture Miss Lillian
msw iodat.
Luck is a good thing in
business, so far as it goes ;
"know-how" is better — goes
farther.
"Know-how" got us 8
dozen rocking-chairs away
below regular price.
Good luck and knowing
where to buy gives you half
the gain — $4. 75 buys one,
instead of $6.50.
Solid oak: highly polished; hand-carved: cob-
bier-seats (sole-leather).
Buy if you want to, but
won't you accept our wel-
come to come and look.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street
Coleman sang several solos, in which she
displayed a sweet voice of more than
ordinary mellowness and power. She
was accompanied on the piano very satis
factorily by her sister Emily.
There was a good attendance at Wash
ington Hall to bear Dr. Robbins speak on
the spiritualists' convention and why
spiritualists do not organize. It appeared
from the gentleman's remarks that he had
not been invited to take part in the con
vention and therefore had not attended.
He sai:i that spiritualists had not formed
a great organization because spiritualism
was too big to be confined by rules or
within sects. Its devotees were to be
found in all the Christian churches, and
even judges on the bench consulted me
dium-s to ask what they should do with
criminals who were to be tried befor*
them.
The system of numbering houses was
unknown even in London and Paris till a
century aeo. In 1795 the practice of num
bering private houses was begun in Berlin.
Vienna claims the honor of having Inaugu*
rated in 1803 the method of placing the
odd numbers on one side of the street and
the even on the other.
KEW TO-PAY— AMUSEMENTS.^
Tni:OLATlOtß.OOraop« <?• u»t3An»rwtMMS--
THEY mM TO-NIGHT.
The popular favorites of the Pacific Coast,
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Evc^y Evening, including Sunday.
iMutinoo Saturday only.
For the firs', time in Bml Francisco,
That rare, delightful comedy,
: THE TWO ESCIITCIIEOjIS. _.
First appearance to-nl«ht of
MAXIXK LLIOTT,
FRANK WOBTHIJfO,
TYRONE POWKK,
HAKKY COBSOM (XARK,
OKKTUI I)K KLLIOTT,
And the leading members of the original Frawley
Company.
Entire new scenery anil stage mountings.
MAOXIPJCENT COSTOMKS.
Reserved seats. Vsc, 50c, 75c nod $1; box and
loge seats, $1. .
MONDAY. JINK 8.
\yill!am 1 1. Craof/s greatest^succpsg.^^^
BALDWIN THEATER
Al Hayman- A Co., (lncorporated) Proprietor*
Beginning To-night (Monday), Juno 1.
FAKKHEI.L TVKKK —
MISS ADA REHAN,
Under the Management of Mr. AiiKus'.ln Daly.
A GUEAT'REPEBTOIREi
Monday and Wednesday Kvenln23— Klaborate
viva! of Shakespeare's
"TWELFTH NIGHT."
Tuesday evening and Wednesday matinee,
"SCHOOL, FOR .SCANDAL."
Thursday Evening—Great Double Bill—
"THE lIO.VKYMOd.V" uml " BELLE'B
STRATAGEM"- Miss Relian In 2 Boles.
' Friday evg., Saturday matinee and Saturday evg.
JHss Rehan's Shakespeare's
Merriest Comedy,
"TAMIMi OF THE SHREW."
Monday. June 8-XAT (J. UOODWIH In Thomas'
i successful character comedy, "In Mizzonra."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. >■■—!!■■ Krfi.i.s-.-). Propriewr ifc .Unnagae
EVERT EVESINO.THIS WEEK.
THE SUCCESS OF TWO COXTIXKNTSt
Audrau's Favorite Opera t'omlqae,
OLIVETTE!
"The Torpedo and the Whale I"
Special fc'cenery ! Great Cast! Correct CostumMt
NEXT OPERA
l:ellinger s Romantic Work,
"liORRAINE I»»
First Appearance of l'.eappearnnce ot
Miss Marie Mii.i.ard, Miss Louise Hovel,
Prl ma Donna i?oprano. The Favorite £oubrette.
LOOK OUT FOR ■ -
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON 1"
Popular Prices— 2so and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America,
WALTEK iIOKOSUO. 3ole Lessee ana ilaoasee
TUTS KVKMN'O AT EIOHT.
MATCHLESS SPECTACULAR PRODUCTION
of the Great Military Melodrama,
"THE SOUDAN!"
Reapp?aranc?, After an Absence of Six Months,
or the Popular Favorite,
. LtSKIE MOIiOSCO.
Txicsixn Prick.*— 2s3 anl STi
Family Circle and Gallerr. VJx
r«nnl »ln»ineo4 SH»tur<l»y ana Sunrtif.
OTarrell Street, Between Stockton and Powe.lL
Week Commencing Monday. Jane Ist,
CZAICS OF XUK VAUDEVILLE!
MEKKS BROS.. HAVES and POST,
JF'.A.FXISTT.A. !
New York sun Bays; "X'apinta is La Loie Fuller
multiplied by five."' •
- I>IXU>-, BOWK'<S and niXOX
And a Stronif Vaudeville Company.
Reserved »eat<i, "Joe; Balcony, 10c; opera Chain
and Box Seats. 50c.
Coming— Edison's Wonder. "The Vitaseope." ,
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
TO-NIGHT .(Mondavi— One Night Only,
; The Comedian KDDIK FOV in \
The Strange Adventures of Miss Brown.
The Funniest Play of the Century. Prices 'lie to fl«
: SUTRO_BATHS.
. PWIJIMI\<; SEASON NOW OPEN! •
RAIN OR SHINE CALM OK STORM,
Atmosphere Always It Degrees.
FCKK OCEAN WATEK-80 DEGREES.
SPECIAL TANK FOB LAI) IKS.
GENEKAL ADMISSION-
Adults. 10 Cents. Children, S Cent*.
THE CHUTES!
OPEN SATURDAYS AND SUNDAYS
AND EVERY PLEASANT EVENING
Until Completion of Improvement*.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN Oil SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. I*l.
/ ADMISSION 81.00.
Take Southern racltic trains st Third and Tow».
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. k.
Fare for round trip. Including admission to %t%vA
stand, 91. 'lake iilssion-atreoi electric line diraot
to track. ''WSOXiS3B&
A. B. SPRKCKEL4 W. S. LEAKS,
-■ i-:«-i:.ienu Kecretar^
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
FAMILY EXCURSION
TO
SASTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Personally conducted by WM. H. MENTON;
Excursion Passenger Agent 8. P. Co. :
. THURSDAY, JUNE 4th.
round trip at»-q /r^ r=r«
TICKETS, «^JLb«-S^s
From San Francisco, Oakland and Alameda. Foi
full Information see poster advertisements or an-
ply at Grand Hotel Ticket Office,
613 Market street, S. F.
78
REASONS WHY HE
HATES ROMANISM.
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry Detailed
Them to Two Large
Audiences.
TWO PHASES TREATED.
The Catholic Church as a Politi
cal and Religious
Institution.
HIS ADMIRERS ENTHUSIASTIC.
A Flutter of Excitement Created by
the Interruption of a Woman
Among the Auditors.
Enough people were desirous of hearing
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry detail his twenty rea
sons, "Why I Hate Political Romanism,"
to more than comfortably till Metropolitan
Hall yesterday afternoon. He spoke un
der the auspices of the Good Citizenship
Committee. The reverend speaker showed
that be had lost none of his old-time tire
nor the knack of imparting his enthusiasm
to the audience. At frequent intervals he
had the bouse in an uproar of handclap
ping and cheers, accompanied with wild
waving of hats and handkerchiefs.
After the customary preliminaries of the
Sunday afternoon Good Citizenship meet
ings, including on this occasion a prayer
by Rev.. A. M. Russell and a patriotic solo
by Baby Burns, a six-year-old child, ren
dered in excellent style, Rev. Dr. Goodwin
made a few remark* tinged with satire. In
speaking of the reason that brought Dr.
Henry to this scene of action, he said:
"He is here by the express invitation of
Father Yorke, [Applause.] Here's the
invitation he gave him at Uaywards.
Father Yorke there said : 'We must show
Catholicism as it is.' Therefore we have
pent for Dr. Henry. Father Yorke also
i that the Catholic church must be
shown iv its true light so that the people
uiust learn to love it. Therefore, we have
sent for Dr. Henry."
Tue speaker continued in this strain for
a few minutes and fhen stated that the
charge made by the Catholics that
Prote-iantism wa.- dying out in. this coun
try was not correct, aud quoted figures to
bud port his claim.
['resident Hudelson honored the occasion
and Dr. Henry by his presence, and on
beini: called upon by Chairman Quitzow
for some remarks responded as follows:
"We have been told by our enemies that
we began thi* warfare. I want to state as
a fact, susceptible of proof, that this con
flict in the State of California was begun
by an attack of Archbishop Riordan on
.Myers' medieval history.
"I read a few days ago that the Repnbli
can party had gone over to tne A. P. A.
This was Kiveii out by tue Roman Catho
lics for the purpose of creating the impres
sion that the A. P. A. was an adjunct of
the Republican party. I want to deny the
truth of this assertion. The A. P. A. is
not an adjunct of the Republican party
any more tuan it is of the People's party,
the Democratic party or any other party.
It is an independent party and represents
the principled of all true American men
and women.
"I see that W. W. Foote has announced
that he will go to the Democratic State
Convention and introduce a resolution de
nouncing the A. P. A.
"If tuat resolution is introduced in the
Democratic Convention and adopted it
will lose that party 25,000 stanch Demo
crats. Let ihem introduce such a resolu
tion if they dare. I defy them to do so.
We are not to be intimidated."
When Rev. J. Q. A. Henry appeared to
speak he was given a mighty ovation. The
thunderous applause, bat aud handker
chief waving continued for some time. At
its cessation he stated that he intended to
explain and exiatiate upon "Twenty
Reasons Why I Hate Political Romanism."
After expressing his pleasure at being
again among his ban Francisco friends, he
said:
"If the power of Romanism can be
broken in the City of San Francisco and
in the State of California it can be broken
anywhere, for nowhere on the continent is
the power of the Roman hierarchy more
potent and widespread."
Reference was made to there beinn 60,000
members of the A. P. A. in tb.2 State and
6000 members of the Y. M. I. Then Mr.
Henry continued, "We will just surround
the \. M. I. and every other un-American
organization and we will wipe the earth
with them. And I will do all 1 can to help
on the work and to accept the invitation
of Peter — not Peter the Great, but Peter
the Small. I helped him into this fight
and I will now help him out, and I believe
he will soon be out— that it will be a case
of Peter out. "
In speaking of his coming week's work
he said: "I want to see that the principles
of true Americanism receive such an im
petus during my visit that they will not
recover from It until after next'election in
November."
Proceeding he spoke as follows:
"Unless Romanism is a political power,
a political machine and a political force in
this country, the A. P. A. had better get
down on its knees and apologize to Peter
C. Yorke and the other representatives of
the Catholic Church. If the Archbishop
of this City or any priest can give twenty
reasons that are positive that Rome never
interferes with the liberties and peace of
this country, then I stand ready to write
the apology to which I have just referred.
I may say, however, that if i should live
to eternity I should not expect to write it,
because Rome has never been out of
politics.
"We hive no controversy with the indi
vidual '.nembers of the Catholic church,
but wi<.h the hierarchy. We have respect
for the individuals as law-abiding citizens.
It i? the institution and system, the powei
as a whole that is being criticized. We
are not battling against Romanism as a
religion, but against Romanism as a politi
cal machine.
"If it had not been for the scnrrilously
immoral remarks of Peter C. Yorke in the
assault he mn.de upon rr.y moral charac
ter. Romanism would never have been
drawn into the controversy, so far a3 I am
concerned. But his malignant and slan
derous attack iorced me to defend myself
against the intriguing of the representa
tive of the Catholic church.
"If the Archbishop had not allowed
that communication assailing our public
schools to be sent by his priests to the
Board of Education I would never have
entered this controversy."
One of his reasons for "hating political
Romanism," ho said, was that "no other
organization has arrogated to itself the
right to prostitute the sacred institution
of our schools for the purpose of aggran
dizing itself. Yet that," he added, "is
what is being done oy the Catholic hier
archy with the parochial schools."
He gave his further reasons as follows:
"No other organization has claimed the
right to a division of the school fund for
sectarian purposes. Rome has always had
her hand in the public crib, and we now
say to her that if she don't take it out we
will cut it off.
"They have assumed the special right to
teach their theology in our schools. They
have their parochial schools in this City,
but do you think that you can go into
them and inspect them? Just try it and
you are likely to get a shillelah over the
pate. The public schools are always open
to inspection." .
Here there was an interruption from the
gallery caused by a woman who took ex
ception to the imputation of the speaker
on the parochial schools. Attention was
diverted to the part of the house whence
came the trouble and drew the speaker's
attention to the woman and elicited the
following remarks from him :
"I don't hear very well, but if there is
any one here who" has anything to say
they had better not interrupt but get out,
or they will get helped out."
Ihe woman was quickly escorted out,
but not before nearly the entire house was
on its feet and general confusion was for a
second or two threatened. The speaker
continued, when order had been restored,
as follows:
"That is the way with these bieots. Their
priests hare been making this platform
hot with their trash, and all we want is
the same opportunity. No member of the
A. P. A. has ever come here to insult any
representative of the Roman hierarchy.
Even if Little Peter were to stand here
this afternoon I think 1 have got decency
and self-respect enough to listen to his
story and then tell him what I think of
it."
Returning to his list of reasons, Dr.
Henry said: "No other organization has
ever attempted to reprimand a priest for
mildly praising the public schools. Such
words caused Father McUlynn the loss of
St. Stephen's parish.
"'No other organization has claimed the
right to refuse to conform to American in
stitutions and American laws.
"No other organization has claimed the
right to assume supremacy over our secu
lar government and attempted to put
their organization above the law of the
land.
"No other organization has ever claimed
the right to obey a foreign potentate and
the laws ol that country."
He quoted from Father Sherman, a son,
he said, of the late General \V. T. Sherman,
to illustrate this point as follows:
"If the-re should ever be a point of differ
ence between the United States and the
Pope we will put the Pope above the
L'nited States."
"They will never do it," shouted some
one iv the audience.
'I trust not," responded the Rev. Mr.
Henry.
"Noother organization has assumed the
right to antagonize the system of Ameri
can education.
"No other organization has claimed the
right of exemption from paying school
taxes on account of having parochial
schools.
"No other organization has ever as
sumed to seclude its women in convents,
and thus deny them the liberties granted
by the constitution of the Vnned States.
We ought to use our influence to compel
Congress to oi'en these doors.
"No other organization has ever taken
the right to deprive innocent children of
the best possible education — a public 1
school education.
"No other organization has been guilty 1
of so many insults to Old Glory, the flag of !
freedom.
"No other organization has sought to
throttle free speech, forbidden liberty of
thought or freedom of the press.
"I <-ay Rome has put herself on record
as a political party and has interfered with
our liberties and privileges. &n<\ this ex
plains the origin of the A. P. A. and other
kindred organizations.
"We want Roman Catholic children
educated in the public schools. \Ve want
them to get their religious training in
some other place, outside of the little red
school house. We want them to know as
much theology as the priests do. We want
them to be good loyal citizens and to give
their allegiance to God and the country
they love."
In conclusion he adverted lo Cato's in
cessant demand that "Carthage must be
destroyed," and thei said:
"Not Carthaee, but political Romanism
must be destroyed, and we shall never
ground our arms and never turn tail to
the foe until we shall be able to Bay all
over the uroad land— the day has dawned
in which there are no political Romanists."
AT ODD FELLOWS' HALL.
In the Evening the Reverend
Speaker Told Why He Rejects
Religious Romanism.
Another large audience greeted Rev. J.
Q. A. Henry at Odd tellows' Hall in the
evening, when he told his reasons for re
jecting Romanism as a religion. He spoke
as follows:
"When we come to the defense of one
country, one constitution, all other differ
ences must be lost sight of. 1 have come
to speak to you on the religious aspect of
Romanism.
"If Romanism had appeared before this
country simply as a religious institution
there would not be this controversy to
day."
Turning aside from his main theme, he
continued:
"I come to denounce as a malicious lie
that the A. P. A. or any other patriotic
organization seeks to bring about any dis
ability upon Catholics because of their re
ligious faith.
"Wuen the Century of the current
month states that the A. P. A. was seek
ing to violate one of the fundamental
principles of the constitution — that of free
religious worship— Mr. Gilder, or whoever
wrote it, wrote an infernal lie. We are lor
religious freedom for every one, in the
broadest sense. But we are for taking re
ligion out of politics."
All Catholic church property, he held,
should be taxed. He then paid his com
pliments to tho Alameda jurist:
"If Judge Tappan or any one else says
says that the members ol the A. P. A.
take an oath not to employ any one of the
Catholic faith he tells a lie. When Judge
Tappan undertakes to prououce upon the
American Protective Association he should
know what he is talking about."
Returning to his subject proper be said:
"One of the reasons why 1 reject the re
ligion of Romanism is that it denies the
private reading of the Holy Scriptures and
the private interpretation of the Holy I
Scriptures under divine inspiration. The
Roman Catholic church withholds the
Bible from the common man.
"Romanism inculcates the worship of
saints and relics. This is another of my
reasons for repudiating Romanism, for
this practice is forbidden in the Ten Com
mandments.
"Again, they believe in transubstantia
tion; that is, that the wafer of bread used
in the communion service is actually con
verted into the blood of Jesus Christ.
"They withhold the cup from the laity,
in direct violation of the words of Christ,
Out the priests may drink without stini.
"It believes in the sacrifice of the mass,
and it also demands that our sisters,
daughters and wives enter into the con
fessional alone with a priest and answer
questions that neither brother, father nor
husband would dream of asking, and so
destroys the purity and chastity of their
thoughts.
"Romanism demands unquestioned ac
quiescence in the ecclesiastical laws.
"It teaches that the Pope is the vicar of
Christ and speaks with infallibility.
"It teaches that Mary, the mother of
Christ, lived without sin in word, thought
or act, and so exalts Mary above Christ.
This is not Christianity ; it is Maryology.
"Another reason why I repudiate Ro
manism as a religion is that its theology
encourages the violation 01 every part of
the decalogue.
"They believe in a celibate priesthood,
and this is an unscriptural, unnatural and
immoral doctrine.
•'Romanism. Is the foster mother of
crime. I appeal to the difference between
Protestant and Catholic countries. One
seventh of the population of this country
is composed of Catholics, and 70 per cent
of the crimes committed here are by Cath
olics.
"Rome is to be repudiated because her
hands are dyed witn the blood of 70,0^0,000
people in fifteen centuries.
"And last of all the reasons and the
most important is that it presents to the
devotees no Savior, no hope, no heaven.
Unless the dying man receives final abso
THE SAtf FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE I, 1896.
lution he is doomed to purgatory — hell,
and for eternity.
"While I despise Romanism as a politi
cal system, at the same time there is not a
thing I would not do to see the individual
members of the Catholic church assured of
spiritual salvation. I love the Romanist,
but I hate poiical Romanism, and I take
great pleasure in saying that within the
past year I have baptized twenty-five Ro
manists into my church upon a confession
of faith in Christ.
'■Just as we sent missionaries to China,
Japan and Africa, so should we send them
:o France, Spain, Italy, Austria, mexico
and the republics south of us.' 1
AN ELABORATE BANQUET
J. F. Fugazl Celebrate* the Anniver
sary of Hit Arrival in San
Francisco.
J. F. Fugazi gave an elaborate banquet
to his friends Saturday evening. It was
the thirty-sixth anniversary of his arrival
here on board of the old steamer Califor
nia — a vessel long since broken up in some
forgotten shipyard.
The menu card was most fitting to the
occasion. It contained a pretty blue
tintea picture of the California entering
the bay of San Francisco, with the Golden
(iate showing in the distance. Over this
was printed the'bill of fare, which was dis
tinctly Italian throughout.
The banquet was presided over by tne
Hon. E. C. Pulmieri, and the toasts were
responded to by Joseph Pescia, A. D.
Splivalo, Robert Capelle, J. F. Cavagnaro,
G. B. Cevasco, A. Sbarboro, P. A. Morbio,
J. A. Spinetti, E. Ruggiero, Dr. Rottanzi,
Dr. G. Caglieri, George F. Cavalli and Dr.
H. Sartori, J. A. Devoto.
Congratulations were received from
Kalian Consul-General Grimaldi, General
Agent Wadleigh of the Rio Grande West
ern Railroad, of Salt Lake, and others:
The following guests were present:
Dr. Joseph Pescia, Hon. E. C. Palmieri, P. A.
The Work of Raising the Sunken British Ship Blairmore Is Being Pushed. Big Timbers Have Been
Mortised Into the Hull and Tanks Hung on Them. The Tanks Will Be Gradually Filled
Witn Water and These Are Expected to Pull, by Their Own Weight, the Vessel Onto an Even
Keel. She Will Then Be Towed Into Shallow Water.
[Sketched by a " Call " artist.]
Morbio, Paul Barbieri, Dr. V. Vaccari, Dr. C.
Barsotti, Dr. G. Ca<rlieri, J. F. Cavngnnro,
lion. A. D. Sp'ivalo, Florenzio ("avagnaro,
Antonio Cbicbixola, A. Jipvoto, E. Moro,
P. Micheletti, Joseph Cuneo, D. Biagi, Gio
vanni Cuneo, G. Baeiealupi, T. Rottanzi, P. F.
Guinasso, G. Bazzr.ro, A. 11. Zappeitini,
G. Raggi. L. Scatena, V. Devoto. J.
A. Spinetti, C. Masoero, G. Costa,
F. N. Belgrano, M. L. Perasso, A. I'etri, A. A.
Micheletti, G. Saccheri, L, A.Albora. A. Quiliei,
A. Fodera, G. B. Cevasco, G. F. Cavalli,
G. Musso, E. Ruggiero, J. c:. Saia, J. A. Devoto,
H. Sartori, Robert ( apelie, Captain L. Bag
lietto, J. Podesia, P. Simi, A. Sbartjoro, Dr. A.
CaSerata, C. Cre«pl, Edward Holland.
SOCIALISTS IN POLITICS,
Their Local Labor Party Pre
paring for an Active
Campaign.
It Will Have a Complete Ticket of
Its Own in the F.eld This
Year.
The members of the Socialist Labor
I party of this City and State are not mak
ing much of a stir, but they are laying out
the work for an active political campaign
this year. Its branches and sections are
busy. The sections are made up of
branches, and at present there are sections
in San Francisco, Oakland, Los Angeles,
San Diego and San Bernardino.
These sections have recently selected a
State Executive Committee of fifteen mem
bers. Section San Francisco's delegates are
H. F. Sah lender, Edel Hecht, Theodore
Lynch, Emil Liess and G. B. Benham.
The committee will meet on next Monday
and formulate plans for carrying on the
worK in the towns of the State.
The local executive committee is advo
cating the establishment of headquarters
! for both committpes on Market street and
the matter is being discussed in the
branches. The latter are also considering
I plans for districting the city for political
purposes, and as soon as a plan is adopted
City Organizer S. Seiler and others will be
gin the work.
The local socialists will put a ticket of
their own in the field and will not indorse
the candidates of any other political party.
Section Los Angeles will do likewise, as
it has a large number of capable and ictive
workers in its ranks. It isdoubtful if the
other sees ions will enter politics »s a
party, although Oakland and San Bernar
dino may do so. If Section Oakland does
not it is safe to say that it will not have
anything to do with the Populist party,
which the Socialists say did not act in
good faith with them at the last election.
P. Ross Martin stated that the local and
entire vote of the United States will be a
surprise to the public in general.
Some idea can be bad of the increase in
the strength of the party from 1888 to the
present year. The gain claimed in the
United States is an follows: In 1888, 2068;
in 1890, 13,331; in 1892, 21,157; in 1894,
33,133; in 1895,42,954.
This year many believe that the last
figure will be at least doubled. Recent
labor troubles and political disturbances
they think will cause many to vote with
the socialists if for nothing more than as
a protest against existing conditions.
A time-honored prerogative of which no
one exactly knows the origin is enjoyed
by the natives of the Spanish village of
Espinosa, who for centuries have pos
sessed the curious monopoly of watching
over the slumbers of the ruler of Spain.
When Baby was sick, we gave her Castoria.
When she -was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, sho clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
RAISING A WRECK
WITH NOZZLES,
Actual Work of Righting
the Blairmore Begins
Wednesday.
NOVEL METHODS USED.
Divers Use Fire Apparatus to
Drive Away the Accu
mulated Mud.
HATCHES HAVE BEEN CLOSED.
Tanks Have Been Rgged on Spars
in Order to Get the Vessel on
an Even Keel.
Work on the raising of the ill-fated
Blairmore is progressing rapidly, and a
few days will see the hull in shallow
water if all goes well. Captain Whitelaw,
I who is superintending the raising of the
vessel; Captain Burns, who represents
the English underwriters, and Captain
Caw, who represents tue owners, are all
working night and day to get the sunken
ship into shallow water. All the masts
have been cut away, but all the yards
have not yet be^n got from under the ves
sel. The fort main and lower topsail
yards are Imprisoned, and every attempt
to release them has fniled. Divers have
fastened cables to them and the wrecker
Wnitelaw has used all her powerful ma
chinery, but the cables will not stand the
strain.
The wrecker is anchored almost over the
sunKen ship and in order to pull away the
yards she would have to haul the iJlair
more on an even keel. A tug will have to
be employed to clear away the wreckage
and to-morrow the Fearless will be put on j
the job. Once everything is clear the
work of raising will begin in earnest.
Captain Burns has conceived a novel
plan of getting the Blairmore on an even
keel. He has built on the bili;e what may
be called the side of a house. Small holes
were cut in the hull by worKmen from the
Union Union Iron Works and in theae the
supports rest. The timbers that hold the
wall in position are also socketed into the
iron side of the ship and the whole is
braced in the most substantial manner.
Hanging from the apex of this leaning
wall are about eighteen large iron tanks.
When all is in readiness the idea is to
till these tanks gradually with water, and
if everything goes as Burns expects the
increasing weight will gradually bring the
Blairmore on an even keel. A tug will
then be in readiness itnd she will be towed
into shallow water as quickly as possible.
In preparing for the great attempt no
point has been overlooked, and the divers
have been kept constantly employed.
Since the vessel went down she has suuk
considerably into the mud and a great
deal of silt haw gathered around the bull.
This the divers have been removing, and
in doing so they have followed a novel
plan, tire hose has been brought into
requisition and big nozzles borrowed from
the Fire Department.
Equipped with these the divers descend
into the bay, and when two of them are in
position ttie water i 3 turned on. A full
jet is worked gradually around the hull of
ihe sunken ship, and in this way the bed
of mud that surrounds her iw being worked
away. All tlie accumulations in the hold
have been washed out as far as possible,
but none of the bodies came out. They
probably are floating against the upper
bilge. The hatches have been put on so
that there is no chance of their escaping
now until the hull is raised.
The expenses of raising the Blairmore
have so lar been very heavy, and the
chances are that when all accounts are
squared the cost of raising will amount
to more than the value of the vessel. If
all goes well she should be on top of the
water again before the end of this week.
Yesterday Captain Whitelaw was busy
at Howard-street wharf loading boilers
and engines aboard lighters. These are to
be used for the purpose of driving the
water out of the Blairmore's hull. All of
the openings in the wreck have been
closed, except where check-valves have
been placed.
When air is being pumped into the hulk
the water will escape through these valves.
The air will enter through the upper part
of the hull and the water be forced out
through the lower porlion.
To assist the tank-counterbalance built
on the wreck Captain Whitelaw will move
two heavy lighters above the sunken ship.
These will be provided with powerful
engines that will hoist away on wire
cablea attached to the lower masts, or
lower rail of the wreck. When all is ready
the different plants of machinery will be
started, and if the Blairmore. is not
whirled up then a vast amount of prepa
ration and a large sura of expense will
have been wasted.
With three such experienced wreckers
and shipmasters as Whitelaw, Burnes and
Caw working over her, the Blairinore can
not remain long under water.
Along the Front.
The bright, sunny day took many peo
ple over the bay, consequently the ferry
boats were crowded. Sausalito, Tiburon
and the Oakland shore received their share
of the visitors, while a big picnic at Ei
Campo carried several hundred out of the
City. Three tug« carried visitors to the
warships in the harbor, and the wharves
were crowded by those who preferred to
inspect the water front from a solid stand
point on the shore.
Most of the fishing fleet carried the
Italian flag at half-mast yesterday, as a
mark of respect for the late Mrs. Laura
Cinolltf, the wife of Pietro Cinollo, a prom
inent raembor of t: c Italian colony. The
deceased lady was well and favorably
known among her country people of this
City.
Captain Barman of the bark Genera!
Fairchild has won a suit of clothes for a
fast trip. He yesterday arrived eight and
a half days from Nanaimo, having made
the round trip in twenty-two days.
CADETS HOLD A RALLY.
St. James' Branch of the League of the
Croaa Entertains Its Friend*.
The regular quarterly rally of St. James'
Branch of the League of the Cross was
held at Mission Parlor Hall, Seventeenth
street, near Valencia, yesterday afternoon.
The rally was attended by Company E,
L. C. C, in full uniform, under the com
mand of Captain Daniel McCarthy and
Lieutenants Ed Crowley and R. RirK
wood. A large number of the company,
which at present numbers some fifty
members, marched together, making a
very creditable showing. Besides tin
uniformed cadets the younger members of
the league were also present, some two
score strong.
The hall and gallery were filled with the
friends of the boys, it being quite notice
able that many families were present.
The temperance essay contest, which was
a feature of yesterday's rally, aroused
great interest.
The subject of the essays was "What
Drunkenness Costs," and the contest was
between Captain McCarthy and Sergeant
Phillip Martin.
The following excellent programme
was rendered, each number being vigor
ously applauded :
Hymn. "Come, Holy Ghost," audience; open
ing remarks, try the chairman, W. A. Breslin;
vocal solo, Professor Bunnell; essay, "Cost 01
Drnukenness," Sergeant I J . Martin; vocal solo,
Miss A. Doyle; vocal trio, Misses Doyle, 1 urtiz
ami Murphy: address. Hon. EL J. P'Kfford;
"America," by the audience; e^suy, "Cost of
Drunkenness, Captain McCarthy ; vocal solo,
Mr. DinneKan; gong, C. M. JSwingg recitation,
Sergeant McCrystai ; cornet dnei, Miss-e- Lycett
and Cadogan; piano duet, Miss Gilfenthcr ;
closing remarks, Rev. Philip O'Ryan, spiritual
adviser of the League; Te Deum, by the
audience.
ERRORS IN THE PLANS.
One Design for the New Munici
pal Building Has Short
comings.
Apprehension That Plans for the Struc
ture Are Defective and Need
Examination.
Merchants and professional men
throughout the vast business section of
the City east of Kearny street and south
of Washington are concerned in the pro
posed new building to occupy the" old City
Hall site.
One set of plans submitted to the Board
of Supervisors does not provide any en
trance to the main floor of the building on
the Merchant-street or southern side.
Property-owners and others deeply in
terested have discussed the subject with
some vigor during the past week, ana an
effort will be made to convince the Super
visors that plans which do not provide the
facilities demanded by a vast population
should not be accepted.
Many features of the building, apart
from the entrances, have been discussed.
Complaint has been made that one of the
plans, presented and one which seems to
have some strong advocates, gives for
juryrooms insufficient space and no mod
ern convenience's. It is also said that
rooms for the Prosecuting Attorneys and
Judges' chambers have no direct connec
tion with the corridors. Some of the jury
rooms are as small as 10x14 feet.
The space assigned to the District Attor
ney, the detective force and the criminal
department of the County Clerk's office,
in the same plan, is said to be wholly in
adequate.
The requirement that a space of forty
two feet should be left between the build
ing and the Morgue has been ignored also.
The defects of interior planning concern
chiefly the officers who will occupy the
building, but the denial of an easy and
accessible entrance on Merchant street
would compel thousands of citizens to
travel a block out of their way to enter on
Kearny or Washington street.
When the municipal offices were down
town in the old City Hall more than one
half the admissions were from Merchant
street. Naturally persons coming from
Battery, Sansome, Front, California, Bush,
Pine, Sutler. Post and the other leading
streets east of Kearny would go along
Montgomery and cut through Dy the
shortest route to the hall. For a day, a
week or a month the going of a block out
of one's way would cut no particular fig
ure, but it would make quite a difference
when years were calculated.
There is an apprehension that the Su
pervisors have not given this subject the
study that it deserves, and that some steps
will be taken to-day towards accepting
plans which do not fulfill public require
ments.
MANY MAIDENS
CLAD IN WHITE,
Impressive Ceremonies Held
at St. Joseph's
Church.
REUNION OF SODALITIES
Nearly Eight Hundred Boys
and Girls March in
Procession.
&AY DEVOTIONS TERMINATED.
Rev Father Sc&nlan Preaches an
Eloquent Sermon on the Duties
of Children.
St. Joseph's Church on Tenth street, near
Howard, was thronged yesterday after
noon with parishioners and especially the
yonng folks of the church composine
the various sodalities. The occasion was
a reunion of all the sodalities of the par
ish and formed a fitting close of the May
devotions that have been held at St.
Joseph's during the past month.
At 2:30 o'clock the various sodalities
assembled at their respective meeting
places and marched in procession around
the blocs and into the church. The spec
tacle was both imposing and beautiful.
Between seven and eight hundred child
ren and young folks, the young girls clad
and veiled in immaculate white, and the
b"vs wearing sashes of red and blue and
gold, filed up the broad stairway and into
the church, where swelling strains from
the organ greeted their approach. Many
a spectator crowded the entrance to catch
a glimpse of the demure countenances of
the innocent maidens hidden beneath
their filmy veils.
Within the church the rich decorations
of the altar and the walls, the scores of
flickering candles, the Hitting altar-boys,
the mass of white presented by the veils
ana garments of the young ciris as they
sat together in one section of the church
and the eager faces of the hundreds of
worshipers and spectators who tilled the
spacious edifice made the eight a wonder
fully impressing and awe-inspiring one.
Many of the members of the sodality be
long to St. Joseph's School, which has an
enrollment of about 900 boys and girls,
although besides the scholars there are a
larger number of older members of the
parish — young men who have grown up in
the church and are now engaged in their
professions or business, and young ladies
who, although they have passed their
childhood days, nevertheless cling to the
old associ.'it<>ms which they have formed
in early years.
Tue three principal sodalities of St.
Joseph's parish are the Sodality of the Im
maculate Conception, composed of young
men and boys, and divided into three divi
sions of about 100 each under the charge of
one of the Brothers of Mary who teach in
the school, and the Sodality of the Chil
dren of Mary, consisting of about 100
young ladies over 17 years of age, and the
three branche c of the Holy Angels Sodal
ity, of about 100 members each, composed
of irirls between the ages of 14 and 18.
The branches of the girls' and young
ladies' sodalities are in churge of the Sis
ters of th Holy Name, just as the boys are
under the Brothers of Mary. Besides
these young people, all of whom have
taken their first communion, a large num
ber of the younger children of the parish
took part in yesterday's procession.
The impres ive ceremonies within the
church consisted of the crowning of the
statue of Our Lady, an instruction and
solemn benediction of the blessed sacra
ment. The church choir, consisting of
Messrs. Scullin and Smith, Misses Rot
tanzi and Eastman and Organist Sullivan,
rendered the following selections: "Salve
Regina," "Queen of the Angels," "The
Memoraie" and "Te Deum."
Rev. Father Scanlon preached the ser
mon, which was addressed especially "to
the children and young folks present. He
congratulated them upon the appearance
they made on the occasion, and spoke
feelingly of the good work that had been
done and was being done by St. Joseph's
Parish. In his sermon he reminded the
children of the duties they owed to their
parents, their friends and their country.
"The word 'religion' signifies a chain,"
he beean ; "it is the chain which binds
together Creator and creature, God and
man. Many separate their religion from
their every-day life — ti.ey put off their
religion with tne Sabbath sunset. Such a
person may be a «ood business man, but
he is a poor Catholic. Because the church
consecrates one day a week to religion, it
does not follow that the other six should
be given up to the world, the flesh and the
devil.
"Boys and girls, you must all be saints
throughout your whole life. Not saint as
it^is sometimes conceived of, as insepara
bly related to monasteries penancy and
martyrdom, but such a condition as will
enable you to enter the kingdom of heaven.
You may all be saints, for even the great
saints, even Paul, were once great sinners.
You must not treat relieion as a thing to
be put off with the Sabbath, but as a part
of your very being.
"You must show your good works. 'By
their fruits shall ye know them,' and the
fruits of your religion should be shown in
your home circle. Obedience, respect,
love, sympathy and bearing your own
burdens in the home— these are "the duties
of your catholicity.
"If you remain true to your present
principle?, if you stand steadfast in your
present faith your reward in this world
and the next will be exceedingly jrreat;
and when finally the welcome hand of
death shall be laid upon you you will meet
with joy at the L-ates of heaven Mary your
queen, Joseph your patron, and wifl be
judged mercifully by Jesus vpur judee."
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Coast Champion Riordan and J. J.
Feeney Defeated by J. C. Nealon
and R. Lenihan.
The attendance at the handball courts
was not so large as usual yesterday, but
those present witnessed a number of in
teresting games. At the San Francisco
court the attraction was a match between
John Rio Man, the coast champion, and
J. J. Feeney and J. C. Nealon and R.
Leniban. The two latt er played a great
game, Lenihan. in particular sur passing
himsel f in his service, and they won in
NEW TO-DAT. "
11 II iii»k— H^—lllMll ■■■!!■ 1111 ■ n
Take No Substitute-
Gail Borden
1 Eagle Brand
'• — CONDENSED MILK ;
Has always stood FIRST in the estirtu-
I ; tion of the American People. No other is :
"just as good." Beat Infant Food. -
three straight games amid the cheers of
the spectators.
At the Union court the event of the day
was a match between James Wren and J.
Lavigne and Terry McManus and v\ .
Stansbury. After an exciting contest Mc-
Manus and Stansbury won the final by
four aces.
It is likely that the return match be
tween T. F. Bonnet and J. Harlow, ex
coast champion, will be played in the San
Francisco court next Sunday. Harlow
was the winner on the previous occasion,
but Bonnet's friends are confident that he
can win if he chooses to go into active
training during the week. The match 13
being looked forward to with the greatest
interest.
Following were the games played yes
terday :
San Francisco court— M. McNeil and G. Mc-
Donald defeated W. Manning and Dan Rod
gere, 21—13, 14—21, 21—18. M. McNeil and
Dun Rodjrers defeated \V. Manning and G. Mc-
Donald, 21—15, 17—21, 21—20. W. Carruth
and C. Sullivan defeated J. Hurley and D.
O'Brien, 21—13, 15—21, 21—18. Pan O'Brien
and W. Stanbury defeated C. Sullivan ana J.
Hogan, 21—14, 16—21, 21—18. J. Collins and
M. Edwards defeated J. White and R. Murphy,
21—14, 16—21. 21—18. G. Hutchinsou and
•Al Pennoyer defeated P. Kelly and P. Hutchin
son, 21—16, 18—21, 21—20. R. Shay and R.
ShieMs defeated T. Sullivan and U. Ward,
21—12, 14—21, 21—17. J. Riordan (coast
champion) and J. J. Feeney were defeated by
J. C. Xealon and R. Lenihan, 17—21, 12—21,
14—21.
Union court— Professor Lynch and T. M.
Coleman defeated D. Regan and J. Hogan,
21—17, 16—21, 21—18. \V. P. Doran and P. F.
Madden defeated the Wessling brothers,
21—15, 19—21, 21—20. Tim Jordan and T.
Lenihan defeated J. O'Donnell and G. Mc-
Guire, 21—17, 16—21. 21—14. J. Howard and
Ed Nannary defeated T. Fay and C. Taylor,
21—16. 18—21, 21—19. H. McKenney was de
feated in three straight games by H. Batzner,
21—17, 21—13, 21—6. B. Ward and L. Conlon
defeated T. Conlon and William Riordon,
21—16, 19—21, 21—18. Terry McManus and
W . Stansbury defeated James Wren and J. La
vigne, 21—15, 17-21, 16-21, 21—19. 21-17.
A REMEDY FOR COLDS.
Mentholated Chloroform and How to
Apply It.
Professor Wunsche says menthol dis
solved in chloroform is the most efficacious
of all remedies. A solution of one to two
parts of menthol in twenty parts of chloro
form will not only arrest the progress of a
cold in its initial stage, but is also an ex
cellent influenza prophylactic. From four
to six drops of the solution should be
placed in the hollow of the hand, quickly
rubbed between the hands, the two hands
tightly pressed together, placed before the
face, ana the remedy alternately inhaled
through the nose and the mouth. It will
be immediately noticed that the volatile
parts of the solution thoroughly impreg
natethe mucous membranes of the nose,
mouth and throat, and even penetrate
deep down into the air passage. During
the first two or three inhalations the
sweetish chloroform vapor predominates,
afterward, however, oniy menthol in an
at ten Mated condition is inhaled, odor ami
feeling remaining apparent for some time
after inhalation.
As a rule, the first inhalation suffices to
cure the severest tendency to sneezing,
and often to arrest the progress of the cold
altogether. Two further applications of
the remedy in the course of the day suffice
to repress the attack completely. The
first inhalation at first slightly increases
the flow from the mucous membrane of the
nose; afterward, however, this symptom
diminishes quickly. Fains in the pharynx
and larynx may be quickly eased, and
often entirely cured by the remedy. When,
a few months ago, the influenza made its
reappearance, I preserved myself and my
family from the epidemic by means of
chloroform-menthol inhalations, and this
in spite of the fact that I was brought in
contact with sufferers from influenza, and
that I had fallen a victim to the complaint
in every previous occasion of its appear
ance. A small vial containing about 5
drachms of chloroform and a half drachm
of menthol could be kept as a reliable
remedy in every household. — Popular
Science News.
There are 300 livings in the Church of
England wortli over $5000 a year each.
HEW TO-PAT.'
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGQIONI KID GLOVES.
Another
Surprising
Big Value!
COMMENCING MONDAY AT 9 A. M.
SILKS
AT—
HALF PRICE
■ Hundred of "yards of New Silks almost ;
given away. 
Black Brocaded Silks
COMPRISING — -
BLACK BROCADED TAFFETAS,
BLACK BROCADED DUCHESSE,
BLACK BROCADED GROS DE LONDRE3
At SOC Per Yard
Regular Price $1 Per Yard.
This Is the greatest bargain ever offered in
this City. New goods just placed on our coun-
ters, not old shop-worn silks.
PAI 1 CADI V For ftt the P rice tneg °
UALL tAilLl, silks will sell fast.
Special
• • IN OUR
CLOVE DEPARTMENT.
UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE
We will sell our well-known Ladies' 4-Button
i celebrated
ENNEL'S KID GLOVES
At $1.25 Per Pair.
ALL COLORS. ALL SIZES.
These gloves are fitted to the hand by our
experienced glove-fitters and every pair Is
guaranteed.
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
■EWMAH &. LEVIHSOfIL
125, 127, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORK— 742 and 744 Market
Street.DR C, B, BRIGHAM
WAS NOT WANTED.
The Committee of the French
Society Is in Open
War.
A SCORCHING ADDRESS.
It Takes in the Physician and
Ex-President Sylvain
Weill.
:OMMITTEEMEN ARE ELECTED.
A Bitter Fight Has Split .the French
Colony Into Two Aggressive
Factions.
The pot is boiling, not to say overboil
ing, in the affairs of the French Benevo
lent Society. Some rive weeks ago, when
a committee of fifteen men disagreed upon
the appointment of Djs. Hrignam and
Boyd, a strong majority preferring to elect
Drs. de Marville and Meyer, the president
of the fcjociete Francaise de Bienfaisance
Mutuelle, which is the French name for
the institution, declaied himself there and
then as having resigned his office.
This gentleman, Sylvain Weill, who had
presided over the organization for very
many years, wanted the election of Dr.
Brigham and, not getting it, stepped down
and out.
His action produced something of a
diminutive St. Louis cyclonic effect. Of
the tifteen committee men who had voted
for Dr. De Marville ten declared their vote
to have been nastily civen in a moment of
thoughtlessness. They could not withdraw
it, however, and in lieu of that they fol
lowed President Weill'fl precedent and
likewise resgned from the committee.
Subsequently six members who had re
signed were prevailed upon to withdraw
their resignation, but four committeemen
and the president refused to go back.
Tnese nve had to be replaced and wire
pulling has been strong for several weeks !
to get some men to offer themselves in j
their place. -oiy^-i : -
The elections took place yesterday after
noon in Union-square Hall. The only
live candidates presented were elected.
They are J. B. Cotte.. Henri Fabreque.
Thomas Lacoste,: J. B. Lartigau and Dom
inique Polidori... ; .
0. Bpzio; presided at the meeting and re
fused, to have the elections postponed so
that other candidates might be secured." .
The object of those asking fox a post
ponement was to establis > harmony and
perhaps get ex-President Weill to recon
sider his resignation, whereupon it was
believed the others who Jiad followed nim
would resume their sea ts; ' ; .' ; ;- :
.But Mr. Bozio, iruo was himself seated
comiortablv, refused to hear any proposi
tion tending to dethrone him, ana the
elate wen: through- ..- .;':'■
Tne tight in the French society lias
been very bitter, and not only the 4000
ruembirs but the entire French popula
tion of the State is interested.
Th« Petit Caiuomien, a semi-weekly
paper published here, has been very bitter
in its attacks on the commitieemen of the
society. it has called them "The Solid
Nine" and a few other terms hardly to be
translated into J&aglu and at which the
said nine have become angered.
As one way of cleaning their skirts of
charges of unfair and dishonest dealings,
these gentlemen felt it incumbent upon
themselves to i.-sue an address, which was
published yesterday. in l,e Franco-Califor
nien, the otficial uaily French paper of
this State, and in which they review the
Bituatiou regardless of whose ringers they
rap. la consequence the French colony
h/s become gre-itly divided, and it was an
impossibility; :. yesterday to ; bridge the
chasm, -'s:- ■••■•.■•' : •.•.;■■•'. . ; ••:'•;•••"..
.am Weii!, the ex-president of the
society, deprccatea the address of the com
mitteeof liioe. -. . •".' . . :. ■
"It is not only ill-advised and calculated
to injure oar. society by airing its troubles,
but in one stance at least rank, falsehood
has been indulged in to iortify statements
that are slinky, to say the least, I allude
principally to the comparison of the tarn
ings of Dr. Brigham and Dr. Meyer, and
the staietiieijts ■aiad.e in that connection."
1 be address of. the "solid nine," trans
lated from the French reads as follows: ..
To the Member* of the French Mutual Benevolent.
Society: We woot'di prefer- not:, rushing into
prini, whicti we consider/as «gitir|st out dig
nity, but as calumuies i-ontinue to. be heaped
upon us through that channel we Qwe.lt to you
and ourselves to enlighten you. ' ' .
We, nine members of tne committee, are. ec
cni'eti of haying ipippsed an unmerited affront
on Dr. Brigham. We do no.t-.admit any.jbiffront
has been inflicted. All we know is that an
election of physicians whs;. held.and in the
course of event* some elected and otners
defeated. : But ii It is insisted! upon that,, an
sffroul has been imposed, gentlemen Of the
society, we are not the ones who are guilty of
the deed. ■ . •-. • ■■ .■ ,-■ . /' ;.:•. ;-. ". •
The president of a society is: its representa
tive. Upon htm repose the honor and dignity
as well as the prestige of the.ROciety. He more
than any other has. as :a ' mission to properly
represent ice executive committee of the
society. ' ■ '•...". - ■■"':' -" ■ •■ :'■'
Tnii committee, desiring to avoid any dis
agreeable surprises, believed it in duty to in
form the president by its vote one week in ad
vance that Dr. Brlghaa must not be re-elected.
The reasonable' supposition was that the presi
dent, representing The committee, would take
the nec9!>s<iry measures to avoid that physician
placing himself in a position to receive an un
avoidable deieat. It was for that purpose only
that the majority of the committee voted to
have the elections for specialist' doctors post
poned for a week.
But why hot re-elect Dr. Brigham?
Gentlemen of the society, because right or
wrong, we believed it to the best Interests of
the society's hospital to elect some other phy
sician. This was not thought of lightly. We
heard com plaints and sought ail possible in
formation from outgoing committeemen.
Seven of the latter and two of the present
committee wereseen and heard on the subject
of the surgeo»-in-chief. While rendering him
due honor as a practitioner we were unani
mous that he was an impotsiblity in our insti
tution for many reasons, the principal ones of
which are these:
We learned that he exacted a price beyond
people's means who were to be operated upon,
and many times this caused ' heated discus
sion* between him and the superintendent,
who, at any price, wanted to retain all paying
patients. But more than that, we learned that
he wanted to assume all authority in the hos
pital, and through this desire he could agree
with no one else. _
When he returned from Lnke Tahoe he
learned of the good work of Dr. B. de Marvilie,
who had taken up his position while lie was
away. This work had been warmly received
and appreciated by the committee. Dr. Brig
ham relented this by behaving in such a man
ner toward Dr. de Marville that the latter felt
obliged to send in his resignation. May it be
said to the: glory of the committee, the resig
nation was not accepted. By a unanimous vote
the resignation was returned OB account of
the services rendered by Dr. <Ie Marville and
others tit; was expected to render. Subse
quently the surgeon-in-chief sought trouble
with the resident physician, causing him to
«end in his resignation. Later he had trouble
with Dr. Villain. .
No doctor in the hospital excepting Dr. Boyd
was acceiitable to him. We learned also that
he "wa* unsympathetic with the better element
of the medical fraternity, and that they would
send us few ft any paying patients so long as
he was -connected with the hospital.
It would seem that he wanted to be at the
Fame time doctor, superintendent and com
mittee. :;.-■•••.: ■.- : . ■ .. -:-,.
Alar vie be permitted, sir.es n have to enter
Into details we would fain liave not divulged,
to state some of his encroachments upon the
prerogatives of the committee.
; Of his own accord he ordered the stone en
graving for diplomas and ordered medals to be
struck off at the expense of the society.
Nurses must be furnished with his diplomas,
which edict was contrary to a decision pre
viously rendered by the committee. Another
thing is the circulars he caused to be printed
notifying all doctors desiring to operate on
patients at our hospital that they must furnish
their own instruments, as they wou'd not be
permitted to use those of the hospital. The
circulars, sent out without the knowledge of
the committee, were unknown to us excepting
when he desired us to foot the bill for their
production.
Much more could be said in this vein, but
we do not wish to disclose all we have learned.
It would be inadvisable. We want to hold
back certain points out of regard for others
who apparently have none for us.
Having informed ourselves amply upon all
that took place in the hospital during the past
tern we asked ourselves, as many members
will upon rending (bis address, why the pie
ceding committee in its annual report so care
fully abstained from making any mention of
the mnch-to-be-regretted facts wMcb we pre
sen; to you?
We have learned that tie members of the
preceding committee thought i. their duty to
act as they did in order in avoid placing be
fore the eyes of the public and strangers
incidents which they thought prudent to pass
in silence, and that in so doing they proposed
to advise the incoming committee as to the
true state of affairs, to give these an oppor
tunity to brng about changes which it was
impossible to effect during the preceding term
without injuring tne interests of the society.
Now, gentlemen, examine into the [services
rendered by the ex-surgeon in chief, the im
portance of which have, no doubt, been ex
aggerated to you.
He commenced on July 1, remained three
days at the hospital, and left on July 5 for
LakeTahoe. He returned October 7, working
until May 1. Therefore he kindly served dur
ing six months and twenty-seven days, fox
which he was allowed his just share of pay
ments made for operations.
bile in tern c lie brought fourteen people
to the hospital, their payments amounting to
£834 50.
li is well, in connection with this, to remark
that another physician (Dr. Meyer) unattached
to the hospital brought In $909-28 from pav
ing patients in three months' time. The latter
physician was soon given to understand he
must take his patient* to oilier hospitals,
where they were received with open amis. No
doub: it was believed a comparison of the reve
nue accounts from the differ* physicians at
the end uf in* year might be not in favor of the
chief Mirgeon.
Members of the society, in our opinion, we
do not think that the hospital needs a surgeon
in-chi(f who practices as a matter of gratifica
tion subject to his whims, and whose inde
pendent position allows him to be as auto
cratic as tut- Czar of all the Russian. We need
Ciever physicians who encourage harmony
and who are disposed to work in our interests
for the prestige our grand institution may give
them.
We require doctors who are liked and well
ri cognized by the medical fraternity whose in
fluence preponderates in the success of estab
lishments such as ours.
["he preceding committee has left us with a
heavy burden we must not overlook. We owe
$100,000 at 7:7 :l 4 per cent. We .have law
suits on hand ami we have been obliged to ap
peal to a German bank to repay money we
owed to the Union Fraiicaise,
There is much more to the address, but
it is not so much to the point as that por
tion published here. It is simply an ap
peal asking for the indorsement of the
members of the society as against Dr.
Brighum, who is accused of making a
canvass by circular from subscriber to sub
scriber asking that the committee should
receive a vote of censure.
The address is signed by 0. Bosio, P.
Cameo, Y. A. Bergeror, Leon Bocqueraz,
E. A. Lemoine, Louis Carraine, Francois
Fagot hey, Jean Bergez and F. Queyrel.
iJr. Brigham, when seen last evening,
stated tr.at lie had not seen the report of
the committee ! and until he had read it
care wily he would not care to say any
thing about the matter.
Friends of ti.e doctor who have watched
the trouble in the hospital for some time
say that there is no reason why the doctor
should feel annoyed at the report made
and that it will not be long before every
act of his during the time he was in the
Hospital will be justified and found to have
been for the best interests of the institu
tion. -•; : .-.;■■ . . .
STRANGELY POUND.
A Bine Lost in a Cottonfield Picked Up
by a 3lagnt't in a Cottonseed Mill.
One of the UnioD Oil Company's big
miils is located zt this place, and it i« sur
jirising the number of queer hnds that are
made in the cottonseed that is ground
here, so tne engineer tells.
An interesting attachment in connection
with the intricate machinery of the mill
brings this about. Before the seed is
crushed it is necessary for it to pass
through a very close ginning process,
where saws with almost infinitesiinally
small teeth do the nipping. Of course the
smallest bit of metal that might make its
way with tQe seed would do infinite dam
age if allowed to strike these fine saws, and
to prevent this a very ingenious device is
used. This is nothing more than a power
ful magnet, over which the seed ia com
pelled to pass in reaching the gin.
It falls so gently that the least bit of
steel or iron that ru ay be with the seed
clings, hard and fast to the magnet. It js
almost incredible the number of nails,
screws, pins, bolts 'and siicti things that
are capturaa in this way— things that have
made their way into the seed through the
varying processes that it must undergo.
CM course a man is kept busy watching the
niagnet and .-removing, whatever may lodge
upon it, else the weight of the seed wouid
ev. -jitualJy sweep them on again.
One day last month this magnetman
(■hanged upon a most curious find. Cling
ing to the magnet,- in the midst of an un-
Usual number of mails and taps, he dis
covered what seehied to be a black ring of
?iiiL'uiar workmanship, set with a dia
mond. The.rnaii at once reported his find
to the; manager, witio in turn submitted it
for insp€cuofi to an expert jeweler.
T tie jeweler /■ nronounced the ring a
valuable one; of jwroaght iron oi intricate
workmanship, and set with a diamond of
the fifert wut'-r. The manager al once ad
vertised the rri n g, aiid iyesterday H. C.
Navafro ot San. Antonio came h*re to
claim it. Navarro proved his ownership
beyond a doubt, and the ring is now in his
possession.
He says that the ring disappeared from
his possession live s'eara ago, when he
strongly suspected a half-breed cowboy of
Having stolen it. An attempt to capture
the supposed thief was male without
avail. Nothing was heard ot him until re
y, when the authorities discovered
that he was working in a cotton gin in the
neighborhood of Gainesville. Navarro
says he hasn't a doubt that the ring was
lost by the half-breed whiie he was gin
ninp, finally making its way to I)pnison in
a consignment of seed. The authorities
have been notified, aud the thief may yet
be caught, but . in the meantime N'avarro
is overjoyed with the return of his ring,
which is a valuable heirloom. — Denison
(Tex.) dispatch to Philadelphia Times.
What an Archbishop Has to Do.
The Archbishop of Canterbury is a busy
man. He is the Bishop of Kent and part
of Surrey. That means much traveling
about. He has to act as final referee in
affairs of the English church all over the
world. That means selecting bishops and
settling difiieult questions.
He is head of all the English bishops,
and has to hold frequent meetings to dis
cuss all questions touching the church.
He is governor of several great schools,
and has to consult with other governors as
to how they are to be managed. Then he
must attend the Honse of Lords, where
the Archbishop is bound to be a party
man.
So much for the Archbishop's duties.
Now about the way he performs them. To
a large extent by writing letters, in an
swer to the missives which pour into
Lambeth .Palace trorc early morn until
DigßjU The Archbishop opens as many
| letters himself as he can, always himself
reading tho^e juarked "private," and the
secretaries, three in number, do the rest.
Then the secretaries come in wnn their
baskets, read the letters out and take
notes, wh'le the Archbishop says how they
are to be answered.
All day long tnis is going on; when
ever there is a spare moment it is "letters,
lef.ers." The secretaries diive with him
sometimes as he goe? to a meeting, and
read letters to him all the time as they
go.— London Ti<HJits.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1896.
JUVENILE DANCES
AND RECEPTIONS,
Local Society Steps Aside
for the Little
People.
YOUNG DANCERS REVEL.
Frost Fete Champ? at Sun
set Park is Hugely
Enjoyed.
BURTON BIRTHDAY PARTY.
Club Gatherings and a Musicale—En
gagements — Party Per
sonals.
Standing room was at a premium «t Mrs. Ada i
Clarke's academy Saturday evening. A good
natured crowd, men and women of the fashion
able world, jostled one another and trod upon
their neighbors' toes in futile efforts to witness
the bewildering dances that constituted the . -
graduating exercises of the school.
Pale-biue bunting radiated for the chande
liers to the four corners of the wall, forming
overhead a canopy of azure, from the center of
■which swung an immense basket of roses, car- !
nations and ferns.
Promptly at 7:30 o'clock the music struck up I
for the grand march, and as the handsomely [
attired little misses and sturdy little men j
| moved through the graceful and intricate fig
ures they presented a scene most beauteous to j
behold.
After the march there was an interesting
programme of fancy dancing. The graduates
of the evening — Miss Leonie McColgan and |
Miss Emma Herrscher— acquitted themselves!
to the delight of their parents and friends. j
To little Miss Herrscher.'a gipsy of eight
summers, fell unusual honors. Her dance, !
"La Belle Jardiniere," was applauded to the ;
echo.'
All the little ones who participated in the
exercises were awarded prizes, and nearly all
the budding belles carried off armfuls of flow
ers, the gifts of admiring friends. The even
ing's programme was as follows:
Grand march, by trie school; tambourine dance,
Miss McCardle; highland fllog, Miss .Leonie Me-
Co'gan : and Master !?hoUne: me cachucha, Con
stance Wamble: sylvio. Neilie JBol»n: flag da ca,
:■; v Seaton; scarf ballet, by the class: pastoral,
the Misses Cash; tambourine, Miss Van Vorst;
ziugareila, MiS4 *«aveyand Master Dow ; Hunga
rian d»'nce,.Miss Herrscher and Master Bailey : sail
or's hornpipe, Master Morgan; "i.a Bella Jardi
niere," Miss Emma Uerrsclior.
Mrs. W. H. Frost, daughter of Luther Fill
more of Ihe Narrow Gauge Railroad, gave her
annual birthday picnic to her many mends
en Wednesday last at Sunset Park. Mr. Fill
more wiih his usual generesity placed a special
train, consisting of his own private car, "san
Francisco,". and a day couch, at his daughter's
disposal. /
1 ■■■■ train left Fourteenth and Franklin
streets at Ba. M. A quick run was made to
Sunset Patk, where all enjoyed lunch and the
beauties of the place. The train then pro
ceeded to the Big Trees, where all enjoyed the
splendor of those majestic giants.
Those present included Mr. L. Fillmore, Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Frost and daughter, Mr. and !
Mrs. Walter Adams of San Francisco, Mrs. ;
Judge Brown of Laramie. Wyoming, Mrs.
George Fillmore and daughter, Mr. mid Mrs. >
D. B. Hunter, Mr. and Mrs. T.M.Humphrey,
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Lackie', mother and sister, j
Dr. and Mrs. Bluett, Mrs. Frank Elliott of San
1-rancisco, Mrs. J. Stetson and daughter of San '
Francisco, Mrs. N. Sheldon of Oregon,' Mrs. M. j
N.-llartraan, Mrs. J. Newman. Mrs. Cameron; I
Mrs. Williams, Miss Ruth Adams, Miss Al- j
bright, Miss Walker, Mis.s Regina Champion, :
Miss "belaud of San Francisco, Miss Annie I
Hartman, Miss Stella Hartman, Selby Adams,
. G. C. Champion, a. B. Champion. Grove Tink
ham, Charles 11. Wood, Vere Hunter, J.
\\ illiams, Lenze.
There was a delightful juvenile party on |
Saturday afternoon at the Benton residence,
corner Filbert and Hyde streets, in honor of I
the eleventh birthday of Miss Lottie Benton. !
Twenty little girls spent the afternoon hours
with their hostess, passing the time merrily i
. with games, music and dancing. At 5 o'clock
the party marched to tne. dining hall, where j
1 refreshments were served. Mh>s Benton re- !
ceived many charming gifts from her little.!
friends, who united in wishing her many re
turns of the day.
Dr. J. L. Cogswell has issued invitations for
the marriage of his daughter, Emily May Cogs
well, and John 11. Samrni, on Wednesday !
evening, June 10, at 3110 Clay street.
Mrs. C. M. Johnson ana family of this City
departed on Friday night lor Nashville, Teiin., j
where they will remain during the summer :
with relatives ami friends. They will attend
the centennial exposition at Nashville, which
will open in a short time. They were escorted ;
to the train by several friends, who wished
them a pleasant trip.
A very enjoyable birthday party was ten
dered to little Myrtle Strohmeier by her
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Strohmeier, on May 23,
nt their residence, 111 Twenty-seventh street. !
Those present were: Gertie Leahy, Lena
Rotnchild, Alice Kane. Hazel Cochran, Alice j
McGrath, Alice schmeltz, Irene I. -any, Fiossey |
Leahy, Barbara Monitor, Muster Gussle
Mooney, Mams Golds-am, ' Herman Goldsam,
Alex Monitor! Edmund Bergh, J'ddie Stroh
meier, Ernest Strohmeier, John Edmund Ken
nedy and Jay Rothchild.
A surprise party v. as given on Saturday even
• ing, May 23, by America Circle 128, C. O. F.,
to John" Muensey, a member of the circle and
a resident of the Potrero. The members of
America Circle, with their friends, met at the
corner of Twenty-fourth street and Potrero
avenue. They formed in line, and headed by ;
music marched to the house and serenaded '
Mr. liuenaey. Those present were: John !
Muensey, Miss Lena B witter, Mr. and Mrs. F. j
Behnke, -Mr. and Mrs. William Haack, Mr. and i
Mrs. ;R.; R. Marquard, Mr. and Mrs. J. Barduhn,
Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Aldis, CH.Thoes.ter and
daughter, Mrs. Forbes, Mrs. D. Hemenez, Mrs. ■
L. Albin, 'Miss K. Lynch, Miss M. Lynch, Miss i
A. Lynch, Miss A. Desmond, Miss M Desmond,
Miss B. Steinwcg, Miss T. Davis, Mrs. C. Finkel
dey, Mrs. 11. Kenney, H. Kenney, W. Fawke, P.
Rishert, li. Morrio, H. Uarquard, A. Lund
green, H.-Hackenreuder, C. W. Heggum, P. D.
Sheridan, T. Hyland, Fred Isaacson, T. Walsh,
F. Zimmerman.
On Friday evening Miss Loidett gave a musi
cale at her residence. The programme was a
■ delightful one. Among those who participated I
were: The Misses Buck, the Misses Meyer,
Mr. Sullivan, Mrs. Yufigbluth, the Misses
Ohlandt, the Misses Hromada.
The Western Addition Literary arid Social
Club will tender a testimonial benefit to
Arthur W. Jones on Wednesday evening next
at Native Sons' Hall.
Mr. and Mrs. 8. H. .Scharrer have gone to
spend th<> summer months at the residence of
Dr. W. Allen, Aahby avenue, Berkeley.
The eighteenth concert of the Music-teach- |
ers' Association of California wa& a most de
lightful affair and drew a large and fashion
able audience.; The following programme was
well rendered and received with enthusiasm: I
Address by the president, V. A. H. Horlimy. i ;
violin and piano, sonata in F, op. 24 (Bee
thoven), Allegro, Adagio Molto Espressivo, '
Scherzo, Rondo, Mr. and Mrs. A. Joaanusen;
Bopranu solo,"Polonaise" "Thomas),
Miss Jennie Johannven, pupil of Mme. Cour- 1
sen-Rbeckel ; piano solo, "La Lls-onjera"
(Chaminade). li.W. Patrick; vocai solo, "Indian
Serenade" (Metcalf), Mine. CourseD-Ro«Clce>l;
Bchottische (a) "Club Flirtation," Mansfield;
imizourka (6) 'Quedito," Mansfield; man
dolins—D. Mansfieid and his pupil, Miss Nellie
Chase; mandola— A. Zaine; guitars-
Miss Kate Ralston, Mrs. J. Gilson,
assisted by G. Mansfield, . violinist.
Contralto solo, gavotte, ("Mignon," Thomas),
Miss Nell Couch (pupil of Joseph -Rockel);
trio, "We Come to Greet Ye' ("Magic Flute,"
Mozart), Miss Grace Sherry, Mrs. ,H.
Lewis and • Miss Tiilie Mlley (pupils
of tie Coursen-Koeckel Vocal Conservatory);
piano solo, polonaise in A major, Op. 40, No. 1
(ChoDin), Miss Phcebe Volte, pupil of A. V. H.
Huffnieyer; vocal duet*, (a) "Beaedictus"
(Roeckel), (6; "Go, Pretty Rose," two-part
canon (Marzials), , Mile, Elena Roeckel uud
Mine. Coursen-Roeckel; Joseph Koeckei ac
companist. The reception committee con
sisted, of Mrs. P. O. Peterson, Mrs. J. A. White
.-Me and Miss Alice Carrington.*:
• The Welcome* gave another one of their suc
cessful social- at California Hall last Wednes
day evening, the 27th inst. The hall was pio
tusely decorated with ferns and bunting, and'
handsomely illuminated with . incandescent
lights. L. H. An thes was floor manager, and
was ably assisted' by Messrs. Nienstedt, Goetz
aud Witt. icecream was served during the
evening.
Aqua Fura Social Club gave another of its
popular monthly socials last Wednesday even
ing. May 27. at i'ythian Castle. It was styled
n "Match Tarty," and proved very successful.
Those having Charlie <>1 the arrangements
were Miss Sadie Burke, Charles Groat and Miss
Dolores Davi-. Th« floor was under the direc
tion of lieruld Wils, who bad as his assistants
Harry Simard, Mi^s bertha Wallace, Gus Ham,
James Lockie and Miss llattie Kreiger.
Friday evening the members of the Thistle
Club held a most enjoyable meeting. in the
early p«rt of the evening the regular meeting
was held with J. D. Carlie, royal chief, presid
ing, and George W. Paterson officiating as
recorder. Captain John Weir of the ship Gun
ford was duly elected an honorary member in
recognition of many kindly favors bestowed
upon the club. Professor Hill presided at the
piano throughout the evening and the follow
ing contributed numbers to the programme:
J. Gillies, George Watson, G. "\Y. Paterson,
Messrs. Roprers and Thompson, David Brown,
Professor Kintral, Mr. West, James Fraser and
Jaints Niven. The affair throughout w«i most
enjoyable and was brought to a happy close by
all present singing "Atild Lang Syne/ During
the evening long pipes and liquid refreshments
were served. ....
-■ The engagement of Miss Martha Kuner,
daughter of Mr. anil Mrs. Albert Kuner, and
the Rev. Herman Gehrcke, rector of St. Math
ew's (German Lutheran) Church, lias been
announced.
The silver-wedding anniversary of Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Prien was celebrated on Thursday
evening by a ception in California Hall, on
Bush street. The ho.- 1 is a prominent member
of the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein and
leader of the baLd of thai society. The affair
was attended by nearly all the members and
their families.
A committee of the Verein, composed of Cap
tain John F. Bolts, Lieutenant Tbode and 11.
F. Mans, had eh arge. of the arrangements, and
John Lankenau cinelated as floor manager.
A beautiful floral piece representing a ship,
full rigged, with a silver anchor, was sent in
by Mr. and Mrs. F. Hagerman. It occupied a
prominent position in the center of the hall.
Early In toe evening Mr. and Mrs. Prien were
caled'to the stage, and 1). B. Faktor, -president
of theSchuetzen Verein, presented them with
a beautiiul case of silver, numbering thirty
two pieces. Later all fat down to the banquet
served in the lower hall. The festivities were
kept up until a late hour.
A delightful party was given by Mr. and
Mrs. Jackson in honor of their son John's
twenty-first birthday on Monday evening.
May 25, at 12 Middle street. The evening
wits devoted to music, .games, songs and
dnucing. Among those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. a. Jack-on, Miss Alice Allen, Miss
Minnie Platz, Miss Lizzie Mordt, Miss
Eva MclnerneVi Miss Lizzie Haub, Miss
Mary J. McCann, Mi a Kate Robertson, i
Miss Mary Donnely, Miss Isabel Gallagher, \
Miss Ella McCann, Miss Theresa Nunez. Miss !
Mane Baraty, Miss Jennie Baraty, Miss Mollle i
Maboney. Miss Ullie Shoemaker, Mis.- Frances !
Platz, Miss Munroe, Miss Florle -Klnread;
Messrs. John A. Jackson, Arthur E. Scannell,
John Long, Neal Mahoney, Joseph Brown. Fred
Jaggi, Sam Kasser, Archie Alexander, Frank
1). Worrell, Gus:ave C. Gallagher, August
Brenkman, Thomas Kent and George W. Jack
son.
A most delightful birthday jmrty was given
at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Alwin Schuette In
honor of their little daughter Mabel on May
23. After numerous games the guests were
banqueted in' the beautilully decorated dm- I
ing-room. Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Louis Winters, Mr. and Mrs. William Benaette, I
Mr. and Mrs. William McQruery, Mr. and Mrs. I
J. King, Mr. and Mrs. Alwin Schuette, Miss
Metta Gailaliorn, Miss Louisa Winters, Miss
Williams, G. Ralmus, William Schuette. B. F.
Noble and others.
SAT IN A HISTORIC SENATE.
Thomas L. Clinginan Was Colleague of
Clay ami Webster.
. The news that ex-Senator Thomas La
nier Clingman has entered a home for
Confederate soldiers in North Carolina,
broken in health and in purse, has excited
the deepest sympathy among those who
knew the old man in his palmy days and
in recent years. He has been a familiar
figure about the Capitol, and it was only
lately that his presence was missed from
the corridors and the floor of the Senate,
bays a writer in the Washington Post.
It was.a daily sight, just after the ses
sion of the Senate began, to see the gaunt,
gray figure, straight as an Indian, despite
the burden of age, walk into the chamber
; and take a seat in an unobtrusive corner,
i Snow-white hair, scant of growth, partly
} covered his head, and snowy whiskers
served to hide the hollow cheeks. Occa
t sionally a Senator would stop for a word,
I and the aged solon would seize the oppor
| tunity to tell of his anti-tobacco cure,
I which has been his hobby for many years.
To see Clingniau in his poverty-stricKen
! old age one found it hard to picture him a
i power in a body jf great men, such as
j Clay, Webster and Calhoun. Yet he was
j quite as prominent, if not so famous, in
tne proceedings which marked the historic
time when tney were his colleagues. Clay
j was his idol, and when Webster made his
i great 7th of March SDeech he .sat on
i the arm of Clay's chair, his hand
! affectionately resting on the great Ken
i tuckian's shoulder. That was in the old
j Senate chamber, where the Federal Su
; preme Court now holds its sessions. With
Andrew Jackson as his companion, he led
j the Senate into the old hall of representa
j tives, now statuary hall, to hear John
i Quincy Adams deliver his eulogy of
; .Lafayette. His friendship .for- Clay
: led to a duel between himself and Con
! gressman Yancey of Alabama, grow-
I ing out of a speech delivered about
; the causes that led to Clay's defeat. The
' ground selected for the- meeting was near
Washineton, perhaps at Bladensburg.
1 Pistols were the weapons and one shoe
was exchanged without effect. Here the
| seconds Charles L. Jones, the noted expo
! nent of the code duello, for Ciingman, and
I Congressman Huger of South Carolina,;
| for Yancey, endeavored to bring about
i an adjustment, and they finally arranged
i the matter satisfactorily. During the
| very first week he served in Congress i
; Clingman had a passage at arms on the
floor with Henry A. "Wise of Virginia.
The public career of Senator Clingman
has been a remarkable one. He is now 83
years of age, and more than 20 of these
were spent in legislative assemblies.
Graduating from the University of North
Carolina at 20, he was soon alter elected
to the State Legislature, and in 1840 was
: promoted by the electors to the Slate Sen
ate. From December, 1813. to June, 1858.
i he served continuously as a representa
i tive of North Carolina in Congress, with
I the exception of one term, participating
i during this extended period in nearly all
i important debates, particularly in those
j relating to foreign affairs from his prom
inent position as chairman of the commit
tee having that field in charge. During
this service he established a record for at
tendance, never missing a day's session.
His Senatorial career began in 1858
throueh appointment to fill the unexpired
term of Senator Asa Bii-'gs, who resigned
to accept a Federal judgeahip. He was
| subsequently elected to succeed himself
from arch 4, 1861;* but the term was never
begun. In the preceding January Cling-;
man withdrew from the Senate with other
Southern members, participated as a com
missioner from Norta Carolina in the Con
federate Congress in May and in July was 1
formally expelled from the Senate. Then i
he entered the Confederate army ana be
i came a brigadier-general, and did not
figure again in politics atter 1868, wlren he
went as a delegate to the Democratic Na
j tional Convention.
For years prior to the war and for a long
' time thereafter Senator Clingman had de
i voted himself to scientific pursuits, and it
is a tribute to his knowledge and: enthusi
asm that he determined the highest points
j of Black Mountain and Smoky Mountain,
] Loth of which have been called in his
honor. North Carolina's valuable mineral
deposits were also made known through
his efforts. •
Fashion in Calling Carda.
The Roman or block letter is becoming
more popular as the style of engraving for
visiting-card dates, while the fashionably
thin card oi two-sbeet quality is eminently
proper. Cards for loth men and women
are considerably smaller, and the script en
gravin- is liner m consequence, following
more closely the English style than the
Parisian, which is large and with flourishes.
The block or Roman letter plate is very
English, and with those affecting London
styles it finds great favor. The price more
than doubles that of script engraving.
Ladies use the block style now on their
cards for teas and receptions, as its admits
of the necessary engraving of days within
a smaller space than the script and enables
a smaller card being used.— May Ladies'
Home Journal.
— • — •— •
Tne origin of money is very remote. It
is mentioned as a medium of commerce in
the twenty-second chapter of Genesis.
REALTY MARKET REVIEW
Depressing Effect of the Proposed
Heavy Increase in the
Tax Levy.
OPPOSITION F&OM DEALERS.
They Say That a Levy as Great as
Last Year Will Kill Realty
Va v s.
The extravagant demands that several' de
partments of the City government have made
for appropriations for the ensuing year has
aroused real estate men, and they are deter
mined to do all in their power to defeat a tax
levy that will provide for the laising of these
amounts. The. real estate innrket is dull
enough at the best, and has been for a long
time, and it is the consensus of opinion among
real estate men that if there is anything calcu
lated to kill the market absolutely it is the
prospect of another outrageous tax levy like j
that of last year. The following extracts from j
the Real Estate Circular of Thomas' Magee &. \
Sons for the present month voices the general
sentiment that prevails among real estate deal
ers on the subject:
SO HOPE FOB RKAT. ESTATE IP THE LAST TAX
BATE IS UKI'EATKD.
The City real-estate dullness, which becan In
May, 1891. and which has ever since been exhib
ited in decreased volume of sales and constantly I
increasing depression of prices, has at DO time
since that year been so noticeable as at present. j
For 'wo or three years subsequent to 1891 only ■
suburban lands suffered. They had been l;oo •• ed i
between ISSB ant 1891 to most inflated prices. ;
j For four years subsequent to "May, 1891, there was
; as strong a demand for good business property as
! at any time in the previous years, when the»de-
I manri was strong and when the prices of all kinds
of real es'ate were climbing, but since the Im- |
1 position of the $2 25 tax rate the feeling las j
; inereasinely prevailed th<t it Is possible |
for the Assessor, the. state BoaiW of )• qualt/.at on I
and the majority la the Board of supervisors— a j
triumvirate really responsible to nobody—practi
cally to confiscate real estate. A piece of property j
on which there was a tliree-stor,- brick building ,
and basement was lately . sold on Market street, j
southwest of First. Three and a half months of j
the gross rents of this property were consumed by i
last year's taxes. The City and &tate taxes on an
other much larger niece In the same block last :
year amounted to $7875— exactly three and a half ,
months of the income. The block is ■ no eel one !
I for frequency and If n;th of vacancies, but the |
tax leeches care no hiiiic for th*t, nor for the (ten- |
j eral large reductions In rents because of dullness of ■
| business. They demand their official blood \
Money, end in spite of ail these existing facts
frequently increase rather- than reduce assess
rnentK, Never since the Fraser Kiver excitement
of 1858, when Pan Francisco was deserted for Fra
ser Klver and Victoria, was there such vital need
of low taxes as last year, but they never were of
such crushing welch t before. If we <re this year j
to have a rep tit ion of anything like the same high
assessments and Cltv and State tax rates as those
of last year, then it can be confidently asserted
that there will be no market for any kind of City
property. The i ricps of even the very best of it :
will drop to a point never before known in any de- !
pression, and we have had some very severe de- !
pressions since 1869. People only buy real estate ;
for what rents they can get from It and with the i
hope of fluore increase in value. ■ Bat if the j
Assessor, Supervisors and State Board, with j
power almo<t unlimited in their hands, take
three :o four months— not of the net,
but of the gross rents— tin* owner taking
the lisle of vacancies and having to imv, as he
always does, for repairs i»n 1 insurance, there will
be so little left that would-be buyers will wisely
let real estate severely a'one. The most exaa- |
para 1 Ing feature of the whole business— an exas- I
peration justifying a local revo'micn— is that the ■
worst year for business, low renis ami widespread
vacancies of both stores an ! dwellings ever known j
here, should have been selected for the heaviest
Infliction of city and .-Hale tax robbery ever ex- >
acted In the history of the city. Each or the per- :
pptralors of this robbery, too, has his or t eir plau
sib'e excuse for infJlctins it. The Assessor said
that he could not help keeping assessments
up. or of even Increasing Mi m, because, if!
he did not, the state Board of qaattaaU< n would ;
I Ret after the city— as though it would not do this ]
I anyway; whether he did. or did not put lighter |
screws on assessed values. The fact is, as we then
un lerstood it, being that, but for an unexpected \
combination between the representatives of this
and the I.os Angeles districts, the. so-calied Hoard
of i ■ i].i;i:i/!irnri would have put a still heavier load
of taxes on this City. The jobbers in tlie Board of
Supervisors excused their acts of tax robbery by i
asser lag that the last Legislature authorized them
to build a home for drunkards, to buy up three
lots to art'!, utterly unnecessarily, to toe size
of th« old City Hall lot, and also to erect j
thereon a new building-. There was no
penalty whatever for disobedience of these unjus- ;
tifiable ordt-rs of the Legislature, and they could .
and should have been Ignored. The.state Board's
claim was that Its duty wai simply minis —
that was, to raise BO much money under orders of
the Legislature. ■ It, too, could have lightened the I
State and City burdens by at least $1,000,000,
but, like the other officials, it let taxes pile p. I
We therefore have farmers, manufacturers, mer- ;
chants, householders and real estate owners all'
alike sulTcring from unprecedeniedly hard times, ;
and at such a period having the last straw put
upon their backs by the Infliction of nearly double
rateaol taxation. If last year's tax rate is to be
repeated - this year the Tax Collector and the
Sheriff wilt alone be busy in real estate.
OUTRAGEOUS DEMANDS FOR MONEY.
Mr. Ashworth, Superintendent of Streets, wants
*1 ,000.000 more for the Street Department than it
got lust V ar, the year of the .$2 25 tax rate. The j
Chief of Police wants $12p,000 extra for his de- |
partment, wbil» the Beard of Education wants
nearly £600,000 additional. Only three depart
ments have thus far been heard from, oust-;
quently the returns are not all in. No doubt all of
the deportment* will want corresponding!.- targe
increases. We think, therefore, and hire sug- .
gest, that the property-oncers of the city, a* a
body, may as well here and now deed their prop- \
erty as a whole to the city, and have - done j
with it- "We feel sure, too, that, even if this were j
done, there would soon be a deficiency. city and
State governments ore such pure, such perfect,
such Inestimable bless. ngs, that no cost— not even !
every man's savings ant! property— wouid b- too
hUh a price, to. pay for It. * c only ask, and we ;
ask the question very meekly— the total,
property of the city and county prove tube not j
enough to satisfy the omee-holiiers. and to conduct ,
our dual government, how wUI the deficiency j
then be made up? .France, before the Revolution,
was In this condition. Taxes swallowed up every
thing the real workers could produce, and, aftei
taking everything from them they were kicked,
cuffed and imprisoned because they did not pro
duce more.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were sixty-six mortgages filed for rec
ord, last week, aggregating. $199,402. The
principal ones were: .
By ward J. Le Breton, 912.000 for one year at
19 per cent on the eatate of ■•• i.;i..m 'shield; by the
Illbernia savings and Loan Society for < n ■ year at
t>Vfe per cent, 414.000 on property on the-, north
west line of Howard street. 'Jfi:3-Va feet southwest
or i nth. southwest 25 iS 1^ by northwest 80: by
the same ior one year at j ,t> per cent, $10,000 on
property at north west corner of ; arkin and Geary
Streets, north 6't by west 80: by the German Sav
ings and Loan society, for oneyear, at 6Vs percent,
?>2-,500 on property at the northwest corner of
| Hyde and McAllister streets, west 70 by nor. h
114:6* the Jlibernln Savings and Loan Society,
for one year, at 6Vis ter cent, $10,000 on property
on the south line oi Washington street, 137 :ti west
of Hyde, west bO by south 137:0.
• Thirty-three releases we're recorded ■ last
week aggregating- $151,045. The larger ones
were: . - v
By the Illbernia Savings and Loan Society to
Hermann J. Meyer, $'20,01)0 on property on the
southeast line of Market a reet, 525 t'em weal of
Sixth, southwest 2.'> by southeast 165; by the San
■Francisco Saving* Vnl- . n "to Jumes 11. Cavanasn,
$87,500 on property on 'the north line of .Jessie
street, 1 7:6 fee: east of Fourth, eas: 137:6 by
north 85, and by tl.e Mutual > avings Muni to Ann
MtJQnade, $12,000 on property on the southeast
lln« of Mevonson turret, 175 feet .southwest of
beveuth, southwest 155 by southeast 75.
Fourteen building contracts, the particulars
of which wore published each day in The Call,
wore filed last week, aggregating $66,294."
-> \ • nty-iiine transfers were recorded last
week. The total number of transfers recorded
in May was 302, aggregating $1,206,230.
■ AUCTION' SALES. .
To-morrow Easton, Eidridge & Co. will hold
a tale of miscellaneous properties. .The list is
as follows: ,
Business property, south line (125 and 127)
of Ellis St., 87:0 feet east of Mason: large lot, 6Ox
100 feet, with half right in brick wall on west line
of lot. iioideu Uate Improved property, south-nsc
cornerOT Oak and Lyon sts., 13*i7 Oak and 124
Lyon; improvements 2 French flats; each con
tains salon parlor, drawlnK-roum, kitchen,' 4 bed
rooms, bath, laundry, etc. i lot 25x91 :2 feet. Mis
sion French flats, west line (326-332) of No ■ St., 30
fart north of Seventeenth; improvements 4
French flats of 6 and 7 rooms an<l but h each; lot
50x95. feet, with 5-foot alley to .-eventeeuth st.
Mission residence lot. west line F or.itu st., 234
feet soutn of Twentieth; lot .26x100.
Ool.'en Uate-avenue residence, north line (1:002)
of (io den avenue, .-4 feet west of Lyon; two
story ■ Day-window; : lot 30x100. l-'olsom-street
business "lot, southeast line of . Folsom street, 125
feet southwest of Ninth* lot" -5x95. Mission
French flats, west line (432 and 432 V-! i Of Sanchez
sir- et. 53 feet north of Ki^hteenth: 2 French flats
of 5 rooms and bath each: lot 25x100. Mission
sunny cottage, west line (480) of Sanchez street,
78 feet north of Eighteen- h ; cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; lot 25x100. Mission busiues* and residence
Io 8. fronting -"•an Jose avenue, Twenty-ninth and
Tiffany streets, 1 cated at tbe larinlntis of the
•Valencia-street cable and within one block of the
Mission electric cars, while the San iranci«co and
sun Mul t-o electric [asses in front of the properly:
16 ion. 4 of which front Twenty-ninth street, 6
front san Jose avenue and 6 Tiffany street. - , • .
. Oa Thursday of Una week (tae 4th inst.)
•;"■■'■ ■ ■ .- • -.'■'■- *
5 .--■•■■ .
OTarrell & Co. will offer at auction an assort
ment or miscellaneous properties. The cata
logue includes the following:
Taylor street, west side, 187:6 south of Ellis: \
two-story hou^e of 8 rooms and bath. Adminl»- '
trator's — hryant street, south side, 225 feet
west of >;xth, Nos. 819. 821 and 823: three ci)t
taci's of 4 rooms 1 and basement each: lot 50x75.
! Fine lot on the north side of Oak street, 127:6
wise of Hilir.ore; siie !25x137:6. West i Bide
ilason street, 118:7 feet north of Lombard: four
flats, one of 4 rooms, three of 5 rooms each; s" able
in rear; lot has two frontagta: size 19:6x122:6 to
rear street. Tenth street, east side, commencing
100 feet, north of *"oli>oni: five business
lots; size, four lots 25xi00 and (>iie S6x)oo.
P32 Oat Ftreet, two-story modern house, seven
•rooms and bath, lot '^6x100: referee's sale of two
lots, 'J&xli'O each, west side of Kleventh avenue,
l-'B feet south of Point l.obus real: two flats, 9
and 11 South Brcderu-k street, six rooms and bath
each ;-Howp.rrt street, north si!e, "_'^.i net east of
Seventh— lo66, 1066Vg and lOO6l4— store and two
flats of tive and seven rooraa uiul i.iith: wo lots on
the w. st Hue of Valencia street, 101 fee- north of !
Twenty-fourth: each lot 34 :3x90. .Administrator's '
sale— Bryant street, south side, 121:3 teet east,
of Third, 457 and 4a7Va Bryant street; two flats,
one (it six rooms and but and one. of three rooms.
82x80 to Park- lane. Clinton Park— lfc'O feet east '•
of Dolores street, cottage and lot 25x75; 140 i
I'hesuiui street, two s ory bouse of eight room-*.
divideJ into two tenements; lot 2^:6x122:6 10 j
alley.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will offer a miscellane- i
ous list of properties at auction Monday, June
8. The principal piece to be disposed of is the
old French Hospital property, located on Bry
an: street, between Filth and Sixth. It com- j
prises four fifty varas, and the improvements
thereon consist of a three-story brick and
some smaller buildings. The owners were re
cently offered $50,000 for the entire parcel.
• "■ MISCELLANEOUS NOTES,
Jacob Heyman, owner of the well-known
Hey in an tract in the !s*oe valley, and who
makes a specialty of building homes and sell
ing same on the installment plan, has re
moved his office from the second floor of the
Crocker building to 11 Montgomery street. In
his new location Mr. Heyman will have a more
convenient office for the accommodation of his
many customers. ■
The Royal Eagle Distilleries Company are
having plans prepared for the erection of a s
story building at the northeast corner of
Powell and Ellis streets. The lot fronts 64 feet
on Ellis street by 115 feet on Powell. It is
expected that work will be commenced on the
new structure in about another month.
E. J. Le Breton has purchased at Sheriff's
sale for^l2,oßo, the lot GH:i>xl37:o', and im
provements, on the northeast side of First
■ street, 200 feet foutheast of Harrison,
formerly owned by Mrs. Louise C. Racouillat.
A. M. Speck &■ Co. have leased to Mrs. Bosquet !
' the General Keyes lodging-house, lor-ated on |
Stockton street. The rental is to be $3000 for j
i the first year and $4800 per year for four years, ;
the term of the lease being a va years.
Thomas Magee & Sous are negotiating the
sale of two more pieces of property belonging
to the fan Francisco Gaslight Company. One
piece has a frontage of 240 feet on the west
side of Second street and 275 feet on the south
line of King and north side of Berry streets,
facinz the bulkhead of China Basin. It is
valued at 10,000. The other piece fronts
400 leet on'Town&end street and 75 feet on
Second street and is held at $120,000.
Ab noted last week, the building operations
for May were very light; lighter, in lact, than
for any similar month since 1882.* The follow
ing statement is taken from Wolfe's Building
Review. Number of contracts let and amounts i
of same for the month of May daring the past j
ten yeara: .- f
For the first five months of each year the
record is as follows:
A syndicate comprising twelve or the ten
ants "of the Center Market, at the corner. of
Grant avenue and Butter streets have entered
into an agreement with George D. Toy whereby
the latter is to construct for them a building
for marker purpoaes on t lie L shaped piece of.
property that he owns fronting on the west
si-le of I'owell street and the north aide oi
CTFarrell street. There will be a basement
under the entire building, fourteeu feet high.
The general floor will be twenty feet high and
for a depth ot fifty feeet the building will be
two stories high, the upper floor being utilized
for oflices.
The rear portion of the market-room will oe
covered witn skylights, thus affording ample
light. The frontage on Powell i« 68 feet by a
<1. -i-th of 137 feet, while tne O'Farrell street
portion of the lot has a frontage of 43 feet and
a(I j>th of 68 feet. The structure is to cost
$30,000, and Mr. Toy is to receive a monthly
rental for the same of $1100, the term oi leas-e
being ten years. The members of thesyndi-
Citearc: X S. Miller, Atchinson & Co., Joseph
Marshal , 1). K. Avery, I. Ben 6: Co., Darbee &
linmell, Stephens & Co., If, J. Kelley & Co.,
Baltaer & Vermeil, Adam S. Karl, H. A Rosen
biium and Jules Le Maitre.
Powder-MillH the Better Risk.
A well-known insurance broker said, in
speaking of lire insurance risks: "Con
j trary to the general idea, insurance com
panies would rather take a risk on a pow
der magazine or a powder manufactory
thiin on an iceliouse. In the case of a
: powder manufactory there is the greatest
care taken by those who work in it, or
; who visit it. There is no need of signs
; hanging about warning persons not to
I smoke, for they wouid never run the risk
| of entering with a cigar or pipe, even it"
ths rules of the place allowed it. Now
with icehouses it is different. Go into
I any of them and you will tind. the no
sunikiiig fciu.ns in plenty. There is but
: little care, however, for many people think
; such piaces will not burn. They do burn,
however, and the result is the insurance
companies charge the higher risk on the
icehouse property." — Washington Star.
NEW rO-DAT.
Neglected Colds
mark the beginning
of every Spring-time ?
and only too often they
are the beginning of the
story of which Con-
sumption is the encL
Scott's Emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil with the
Hypophosphites will
soothe a cough, he a*
the inflamed mem-
branes t and restore the
parts to a healthy con-
dition* It will do this
promptly and perma-
nently if taken in time*
An ounce of prevention
is a bottle of Scott's
Emuision* Don't ex-
periment with sub-
stitutes when you can
get Scott's Emuision
for a few cents more^
TO-DAT.
RrurniFO
bMEUIto
CURE.
Professor Munyon — Dear Sir: 1 write to
inform you that my little daughter, Pau-
line, 3 years of ajje, lias experienced the
beneficial results of Munyon's Remedies.
For some time past she lia^ suffered greatly
from pains in the right ahoulder, and. al-
though I looted upon them as growing
pains, nothing in tlie nature of liniments
or pias:ers appeared io give htr wax relief.
Mrs. Roese, a friend who resides with me,
spoke of the effects of your cure on her
rheuma.ism, and I decided to pive it a
trial. The chiid greatly improved in gen-
eral health, and the pains DO longer give
her any trouble.
MRS. E. PACHECO,
1031 Jackson St., San Francisco, Cal.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom faili
to relieve in 1 to 3 hours, and cures in a few
days. Price. 25 cents.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach troubles. Price, 25 ceuta.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25 cents.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coiuhs,
night sweats, allays soreness ana speedily
heals the lunif*. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily curei
pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Monyon's Headache Cure stopQ head-
ache in three minutes. Price 2oc.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively cures
all forms of pile^. Price, "_'> cents.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25 carats.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon
to all women.
Munynn's Asthma Remedips relieve in 3
minutes and cure permanently. Price. $L
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure— price 2.3 c —eradicates
the disease from the system, ana the Ca-
tarrh Tablets — prrce 2oc — cleanse and heal
tne parts.
Munyon's Nerve Cure is a wonderful
nerve tonic. Prioe, L'j cents.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost vigor.
Price, $1.
A separate cure for each disease. At
all druggists, mostly 2o cents a bottle.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia. Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
I AT AUCTION
TO-MORROW,
TUESDAY.....;... JINK 2, 1896
At 13 o'clock noon,
AT OCR SALESROOMS MARKET ST.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
South line (No*. 125 and 127) of Kllii
Street, 87:6 fVet east of M i.nu.
; This Is an eleeant piece of business property In
1 reeond block from Mnrtet st. cither east or south ;
; Also in rear of the Tivoli, and adjoins the Hotel
LanfCbam. Improved; would pay mrselyon invest-
J ment. Kxaniiue this for ail investment. Large
lot, fi oxloo feet, with one-half right In brick wall
on west line oi lot.
GOLDEN GATE IMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
Southeast corner of Oak and Lyon Sts.f
>'q. 1337 Oak and No. 124 I. yon St.
Improvements: 2 French flats. Bach contain*
, , salon parlor, drawing-room. kitchen, 4 bedrooms,
i bath and laundry, etc. Klezantly finished; mod-
j crn improvements, Oppoaiie the Co. Jon Gate
[ J'arlc. : Examine this tor investment. Rents
} readily. Choice neighborhood. Several electric
j and cable roads. Lot 5 9 1 : - feet.
MISSION FRENCH FLATS.
j West line (N"os. 326-332) of Koe St., 30
feet north (if Seventeenth.
Improvements; 4 French flats of 6#nd 7 rooms
| and bath each. Brick foundation. Street macada-
i mized. Castro cable; Hixteentb-st. electric-cars.
! Large lot, 50x95 feet, wiih 6-root alley to Seven- .
| teemhst. • ; . * *!■'--.• i'.V^'V ■-;,
MISSION RESIDENCE LOT.
West line Florid i St., 884 feet south of
Twentieth-
Lot ready for building; street sewered and mac- .
adamized; plank walk: Potrero cars; loi2t>.\loo.
' GOLDEN GATE AVENUE RESIDENCE.
"North line (.Nn..-UO2) of Golden Gate
Aye., 34 feet west of Lyon. . :
Two-story bay-windows; seven large rooms and .
bath and large yard; choice tioner-yard: must be
sold; examine it: .McAllister cable and electric-
I cars: large loc 30x100. .. -.-
FOLSOM-STREET BUSINESS LOT.
j Southeast line Folsnin St., .135 feet
.-■;*.; southwest of Ninth. '. :
This choice !o. is in a business location, all ready
for building. With proper improvements would
pay well. Street in basalt stone; electric and ■
cable cars: lot '25x95. . :■'.■■■"■.- ...
MISSION FRENCH FLATS. ■ ■
: W. line (Xo*. 433 and 432',) of Sanchez
' St.,. 63 fret N. of Eighteenth.
Handsome building, with bay-windows, contain-
ing 2 French flats of 5 rooms and bath each; briclc
. foundation; . high basement; . street bltuminized;
rents $30; S. F. and S. M. e.e.ric-road; lot, 25x ■■
; 100. . . :■■....•-'
MISSION ST)NNY COTTAGE.
• "W. line (No. 430) of Sanchoz St , 78 feet
X. of Eighteenth.
| Cozy cottaee of 5 rooms and Imth: brick founda- - :
■ tion ; street bitu.inlnlzed: rent $14: 8. F. and .s. m. a
• electric-road.; this property adjoins the above; lot •"
! 25x100. • ..'. ' - .'
IG-16-16
MISSION BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE '.
•.,.;•,:'-:. .-'-: LOTS, •• •■' ' ;■■■ ■. .'
i Fronting; San Jose. Aye., Twenty-ninth
'.. . • ' and Tiffany St.. : .' ..'
I . This line : of business .and residence lots Is very ■ " '
! favorably located, bin:; at the terminus of- the •
Valencia-st. cable' and within one block of the '
: Mission electric-oars, while the San Francisco and '
San Mateo electric passes in front of the property;
' there are 16 choice lots. 4of which front Twenty- '
' ninth St., 6 front ban Jose aye. and 6 Tiffany St. ;
I these lots are all ready for liliim.nii; s teet sew-
ered : new plank walk In front of the premises.
; TERMS- One-third cash, balance in I and 2
years; interest 7 per cent per unnum. '. -
KASTON, KI.IIIUUOK .V CO.,
... - Auctioneers.
Salesroom. 638 Market Street.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE. •
A fine Ranch situated in Sutter
County, Ca!., of fruit and general
j farming; 300 acres in fruit, 250
i acres in hay and vegetables. The
! owner will exchange this fine
', place for good business property,
\as his business is such that he
| cannot attend to the ranch. For
| particulars apply to
ED. P. HUSTON,
Woodland, Cal.
§J& f§ PRIVATE DISPENSARY
OFBCIALTY-DIBKABES OF MEN' inct
O|a« Hi! forms of Wood. Skin ami Xt rvoiia I) ,
eases of n private nature. f^nSOyetA>xperieiice!
Book sprit fre 1-a.fents cured at Home. Te mi
reasonable, Office *lonrs. I) to 3 daily; e!» tni'-ifl
! evenlfK*. .Sundays, 10 to 12. Omsuluuloii *"*"
sacredly confidential. Call or f.ddresS We eaud
.- P. bos* Sf.MiTv, M. »..
26 Kearny Street, Wan I'ranclicu, C»l.
jM&B&jUjU, FIFTY-DOLLAR^
|fPPi§§ELECTn!C BELTS
f^t^O^felfW : Vi )R 5: MO BELTS .
®MsoS^m32P^* 4 F *!£ *'JO, and jj^o Beits
I'^.T^jfPv^Vi for?is ; also good bells for
? 5 - L »test latent and all
v* <^fi, "nprovements. Jfs*.Call
flii ssl or write for - new pamphlet
PIERCE & SON, 701 Sacramento at., corflCearnyl
second, third and fourth floors, «an trancisco. .
910
4fjff '^^^sM^^M^^^M^i : piyillgf *
Official Assessment Table.
Order of the Euatern Star.
. Last Monday Grand Patron Merritt visited
Beulah Chapter at South San Francisco an]
witnessed the initiation of one candidate.
Other visitors to the chapter, which meets in
Masonic Hall, were Most Worthy Past Grand
Matron Mary Ellzaoeth Partridge and Grand
Conductress Clara Abbott Giberson. On Tues
day the grand patron visited the chapter in
'. Healdsburg, on Wednesday he was with the
one in Stockton and on Thursday he organized
a chapter at Lodi.
. Associate Grand Patron R.P.Hewitt insti
tuted a new chapter at Anaheim last Thursday
night.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
At the office of the grand secretary, Grand
Secretary Shaw and Grand ■ Scribe Barnes are
very Dusy at this time preparing the report of
the Grand Lodge session.
Reports from various parts of the State show
that there is an increased interest in Odd Fel
lowship siuce the adjournment of the Grand
Lodge. . : .-.
There is also an increase of interest in the
work of the Rebekahs and the prospects are
that be Jo 'the term is over there will be a
large gain in members* ip.
A new encampment was instituted at Benicla
last Saturday.
Grand Patriarch Reid will visit as follows
during June: 3d, San Jose; 9th, Sacramento;
10th, Capay; lltb, Woodland; 12th, Chico;
13th, Meridian;' lsth, St. Helena and Itsth,
Salinas.
Marion Greenwood, recently elected grand
president of the Rebekahs, will be tendered a
reception by the lodges of District 1 of Stock
ton.
The seventh monthly entertainment of the
literary and social committee of the subordi
nate and Rebekah lodges last Friday was a
successful and pleasant affair.
Ancient Order United Workmeu,
Edwin Dan forth. George B. Katz> nstein and J.
N. Young, representatives to the Supreme Lodge,
will leave here on the 10th of June. They will be
accompanied by Past Supreme Master Workman
\\ . H. Joraan. a member of the arbitration board
°f the Supreme Lcnl^e.
The superior Lodge of the I>pcree of Hoi'C will
meet in Buffalo, N. V., on the 12ih lost. Mrs. M.
.r. >tewart anil D. S. tiirslibe.rsr. 'representatives
I rom this > tate lo that body, will leave for the
East on Thursday next.
• irand Medical Examiner Georee W. Daywalt
cfficiKlly rtslted Cloverdale Lodgv las: Monday.
There was a large sttendance at Valley Lodge
last Wednesday to witness the conferring of the
Workman's degree on eistht candidates. The work
was given Tn the ampiiried form, with the aid of
the stereopticon. by the Oakland drill team, Past
Master >Vorkman C. H. Dtitton delivering the
lectures, At tl.p conclusion of the ceremony there
was a tine spread that was enjoy en by all.
I Up Workman, the new otliciai organ, will make
its appPßra:ire on Wednesday.
The hoard of arbn ra, ion veld a meeting in the
office of the craiin recorrtpr last Thursday.
Keystone Lodge will iui.iate a number of candi
dates to-morrow evening and on tt-uight Temple
LodJte will Initiate several candidates. Thearill
te H ni will assist.
The members of the HoculHan Degree will hold
no interesting meeting tin - evening,
.^ne -Workman's Guarantee Fnnd has called for
. . two assessments for Ihe month ot .lime.
The Workmen have levied four assessments for
June.
Doerpe of Honor.
Ihe grand chief of honor has named the follow
ing <lepiit.es; F.ll No. B, Mrs. Jane Jarman; No.
11, Miss Grace Walker; Nos. 84 and 49, Nina
RObertt: -No. :■??. Mrs. r v . F. Talliafero: No. 39,
MrS.K.M. iiossraan; No*. 40 and 53, Mrs Klla
o'tl.:' NO- 4:-(, Mrs. Delia 1)U auay; No. 41, .Mrs. B.
i iif-rvolr Nil. 45. Mrs. Anna West; No. 46. Mrs.
M.iy Kajidall; No, 18. Mrs Anna I^eal; No 50,
Miss Josli Fanaqe: No .'4. Mrs. K. A. Kichmoud,
nn<l No. 35, Mr-. Louis l'.a\ter.
b.urinc the month Of Maj 1 vy Lode* of i >akla d
increased its momwri lip hy eight and is vow the
biiuner lodge, with 13a names on the roll.
\ncieiit Order of Inrestcis
Lit. George M. P. Very has been elected medical
■.examiue.r of the endowment fui d. '■;'
George w. Luht, high court trtaaarer, was ten
dered a reception by court Excelsior lust Tuesday.
■. Court Victor©, the French court, was visited last
Thursday by. Court Lincoln; <•. H. I. Shay of :-an
; Diego, ' hign court junior woodward, who was
present-,' delivered a short address.
. Court . Bohemian received a special visit last
'Tuesday from High Court Junior Woodward Shaw
and lir:.J.; F. Kckard of. Honolulu, H. I. The last
named went Kasi last week on a tour of inspection
of the hospi'>ala of Uie most prominent cltiert.
.High Court Sub-Chief Ranger St. Boehm and
.High Court Junior Woodward Shaw visited Court
Oak Grove on Wednesday.
j. J. sctileimpr ' wUo> was delegate from San
..Diego to the Subsidiary High Court, after- visiting
a number of conris in this City, left for 13 home
on. Friday; accompanied by his wife.
High t-bief Hanger Dr. Case has issued a circu
lar to the courts asking tnai each one recom
mend some one who would make an acceptable
deputy In the district.
Court Lincoln will give a oarty, in the Foresters'
building in the near fu:ure that promises to be a
grand affair. -
The executive council has decided to hold its
meetings 011 the first Saturday In each month.
The first regular meeting will be held on Saturday
next. ,
Companions of the Forest, A. O. F.
There-does not appear to be any chance for heal
ing the breach that has made itself manifest in the
ranks of the .Companions of the Forest, A. O. F.
During the pas: week Oak Grove Circle, Queen of
the Redwood- Circle and Victorie Circle have
jrltadrawn from tae order an 1 will be organized
. nto an independent club.
Forester* uf America.
■ Last Thursday evening R. B. Vellace. grand
chief ranger, was the guest of honor at a reception
and banquet tendered, him by Court United States
of America No. 38, In Oakland. This was In recog
nition of the fact that it Is. the first time that the
Foresters of- America of.Alameda County have
had^he nigh otnee of grand chief ranger conferred
on of their number, and the further, fact that
the present grand olllcer has long- been a favorite
of Court United States of America. The committee
in charge of'ibe affair spared no effort to make the
event one worthy of the. guest, and one long to be
remembered by all who oartlcipated. Early in
the evening the court' he d an Interesting und
enthusiastic meeting, after which followed the
. enjoyahlK surprise that had been planned by the
: committee whose labor entitles them, to a great
deal or ere. When an adjournment was taken
to the banquet hall, those in attendance partook of
a supper that was as dainty and delicious as It was
Ptlng and tasteful, «nd it was discussed amid
Jollity^mirth, wit, reparteeand song. Chief Banger
■ (•avlord was the toast master, and in a few words
w elcoroed i.lie special guest. . . '
Ihe grand chief ranger responded with a
_^v_ FINAJTCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
. - WhhLiLiiCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff st., Tel Ma in 1954.
*••'"' ' ' BRANCH OPKIUK
■623 Market SbVPatace Hou.i. 'Tel. Main £828.
: , ■• J. f>. I'UKDY, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market nuo-
-. tation-s. Reference Ist National u*nV- * V ■
. CHiCA.GU. PIUVAIK WIHK.'^W VUUK.
characteristic aaarPßsin wnicn he pledged his zeal
anil unfaltering devotion to the interests of the
order at large and those of Alameda County in
particular. Th- following were the toasts Of the
evening: "Welcome." G. E. Gayiord, >• R.S
••order," R. B. Vellage, G C. H.: soag, C. H. iah- ;
meyer. Court C. 8, ; "I >ur i.vest," F Jacobs, P. C
R : manuolin solo. A. \'ictor. Court 8 .: "Grand
Court," B. Bescovieh, P C. R.: !«oug. D. I.cwin,
Court U. s.; -our Motto." T. l. Ho.den. P. C R :
music, Barney, Vie or and Ross, Cour; V. s. ;
"Companions." F. Barnett. Court I. S ; special
ties, F. S. Lewin. Court V. s. -Sister Courts,"
A. H. Rhein, D. G. C. X.; Goodnight (closing ode),
assemblage.
Knights of Pythias.
There will be a strong representation of Califor
nians In Columbus, Ohio, next August. The Grand
Lodge will be represented in the Supreme Lodge
by Ptanton L. Carter, J. Crowley and Frank
McGowan. Brigadier C. F. McGlashan will be
there as a representative in the Supreme Council
of the California Brigade. Mrs. Wessle Katzen- !
stein of Sacramento will represent the Rathbone
Sisters in the Supreme Temple meeting, and Her- I
man Schaffner, grand keeper of records and seals, j
will be in attendance at the Sup.cme Palace, |
D. O. K. K. session, as imperial ntwab for Cali- ;
| fornia.
-i;;nton L. Carter of Fresno has [ been chosen
chairman of the Pythian Home committee of the
Grand Lodge, H. W. Vincent of .-an Diego secre- '
tur.v, and the Union Trust Company of San Fran
i cisco treasurer. The committee lias received an
offer from Ban Diego of grounds and buildings in
! trust that are well adapted for a home, subject to ;
; the passage of an act by the Legislature authoriz- j
I ing such a transfer.
' Colonel C. F. McGlashan of the Second Regi- ,
' ment has d 'en elected brlsra.iier-general -for four :
years. This officer will. Institute Co! fax. U. R. K. '
of P., at Col fax next baturday. There are more
than forty names on the char roll.
i he grand chancellor hM named the following j
j as his deputies: For California No. 1. Damon No.
2, Golden Gate No. 8. F. W. (S. Morosco: Unity' I
No. hi Ivy No. 65, Ray City No, 117, Sequoia No. j
188. Mars No. 202, M A. Samuels: \lain<iiiia No. j
8. >outh San Francisco No. 45. Golden City No.
63, Henry Strieker; Kureka No. 9, Ilarmonie No.
15, Metropolitan No. 24. Justice No. 85, F. D. j
Worth: Kxcelsior No. la, Myrtle No. 16. Svra- !
cose 58, lsiidor Wolff; Laurel No. 4, Ivan
hoe No. 5. Fairtnount No. 108, George 11. Wolfe;
I Koma No. 147, G. Calegaris: Jefferson No. 179, ;
I Louis Carrodo; live Oak No. 17. Oakland No. 103, '
Piedmont No. 172. H. C. Aid rich; Brooklyn No. '
32, Alameda No. 49. Amazon No. 181. C. J. H. I
I.uth: liberty No. 35. West Oakland No. 141, i
Charles dcs Cormelrs; Rising star No. 152, Uni- ;
versity No. 162. H. H. Lockyer: Charter Oak No. ]
20. Centennial No. 38, Willow No. 55, Nemo No.
161, H. J. Armbrust: Lodi No. 41, Duroc No. 50,
Gait No. 83. Vesper No. 94. D, L. smith:
Union No. 169. A. A. Grant: Angels No. 195. C. I!.
Hawley; Sacramento No. 11, Columbia No. 42,
Confidence No. 78, Capio! No. 157. Folsom No.
167. William Quititon; Selby No. 192. Theodore]
Moites; Washington No. 7, O. hello No. 31, Frank
lin No. 99, Benicia No. 99, Suisun No. 111, George i
H. Blume: Kiver View No. 165, W. J. Kniigh; I
Fidelity No. 23, Pluto No. 130. A. B. Swart
out; Santa Rosa No. 87, Friendship No. !
91. Petaluma No, 100, G. H. Bush: j
, Tamalpais No. 60, R. Maenes; Redwood City No.
82, George W. Winter: Triumph So. 47, san Jose i
No. 125, -Mount Hamilton No. 142. Los Gatos No. I
j 175. Cinnabar No. 199, F. L. Donahoo: Avalon r
No. 89. lolanlbe No. 113. F. J. Lennard: Beatrice ;
No. 154, San Ardo No. 171. T. W. Hayes: Mon
terey No. 180, t-"aliuas- No. 183. H. V. Miiller: Ar- j
| royo Grande No. 170, Nipomo No. 164, E.
C. Loornis; Santa Barbara No. 25, Seaside I
No. 64. Castle Rock No. 151. B. A. Lloyd: !
! Lompoc No. 57, H. C. Dimock: Santa Maria ;
No. &0, O. P. Paulding: Gardenia No. 127, Pasa- j
: dena No. 132, T. D. Ailin: Gauntlet No. 129. Sam- .
son No. 148, Marathon No. 182-, Los Angeles No. |
1 205, George S. Adolph; IBtnm No. 107, Nero No.
177. John Lee; Santa Ana No. 149, a. D. Bishop;
; San Diego No. 28, Red Star No. 153, I/mm No.
159, B. V. Dodee; Themis No. 146, Oceanside No.
i 156, J. H. Anderson; Snnnyaide No. 112, Ijike |
I Klsinore No. 14U, Perris No. 190, W. A. Correll;
Val'ey No. 27, Colton No. 137. Kedlands No. 186, i
F. B. Daley; Kern No. 76 Bumner No. 143, re- ]
I hachapi No. 191, W. H. Mil lard; Visalia No. 121, j
i H. M. Maddox: Porterville No. 93. George a very; .
; V itieiand No. «7, Fowler No. 71, Madera No. 134. ]
( Fresno No. 138. Selma No. 155, danger No. 178, I
I W. M. Barr; Newman No. 139, Sunset No.
I 193. F.mil (."runic: Modesto No. 81, P.
jJ. Hazeu; Yosenii:e No. 30, Coulterville
No. •JIM, Mariposa No. 204. J. F. Kins: ;
i Amador No. 46, Thomas Richards; Placer No. 52, i
: Oak Leaf No. 86. Auburn No. 198, J. H. Oldham: ;
: Placerville No. 70, C. J. Green; Bald Mountain ;
No. 44. E. B. Sanford; Spartan No. 37, Jos lab.
• Glasson; Milo No. 48, Olympic No. 74, Charles
i Pecor; Summit No. 54, F. M. Rutherford: Damo- |
I cles No. 33, Pychian No. 43, Golden Seal No. 110, ;
jJ. H. Wright; Kathboue No. 166, L. !
H. AbramofsKy; Pride of Butte No. i
j 63. Eden No. 101, J. W. Barker: i
i Castle No. 62, Louis Karmel: Vita Nouva No. j
j 187, V. H. Games; Eagle Cliff No. 163, Yreka So. j
I 168, Lily No. 184, W. D. Nunamaker; Persever- i
i ance No. 77, W. H. Woodbury: Lincoln No. 34, |
! North Star No. 69. Aurora. No. 51. Morning Star |
! No. 84, Mattole No. 92, Sprlncville No. 150. Mad I
' .River No. 185.A. C. Kdson: Centerville No. 170, J. I
W. Robertson: West Side No. 118, Lathrop No. I
119, Dan. Dnscoll; San Pedro No. 126, Samuel |
I Bennett: Maverick No. 174, 1). W. Jenks; Orosi
No. 176. D. L. Reed: Mussel Slough ;
No. 66. Hanford No. 194, Henry Buck: .
Mojave No. 122, S. J. Lewis: Fern Leaf No. 197, J
C. A. Burleigh; cedar No. 196, i olfax No. 200, J. i
M. Newman; Buena No. 120, B. T. Williams.
The following Grand Lodge committees have j
been named:
Grand tribune, three years, George W. Fox, Red- ;
I wood City No. 82. Committee on law — if. R. :
! Arndt, San Diego, chairman: E. I. Wolfe of No. |
' 117, s-au Francisco: W. T. Jeter of No. 89. Santa (
I Cruz; C. W. Ncvin of No. 16. San Francisco; J. ■
! H. Liggett of No. 157, Sacramento. .State of the j
1 order— George Samuels. P. D. G. C. , Oakland; Carl
I }•'.. Lindsay, P. G. ('., Santa Cruz; W. C. Graves.
P. '.. C San Francisco: J. H. Gyselaar, P. U. C, j
Eureka: George K. Church* P. G. c., Fresno.
Petitions and grievances— W. A. Muckindernf No. j
130, St. Helena: F. J. Brandon of No. 47, San
Jose: N. A. Dalrympleof No. 133 Pasadena; G.
I <• nns of No 47, Shu Francisco; S. N. Reed i
Of No. 76, Bikersficld. Rules— W. C". Green of No.
41. Lodi; A: C. Daunuiney of No. 34, Eureka: Rob
ert Ross of .No. 87, Santa Rosa. Foreign corre
spondence — F. M. Rutherford of No. 54. TruoKee(
B. M.MAddox of No. ISSU VlHalia; >ig. r-teiner
of No. 146. Kscondido. Endowment rank-- |
John Hnber of .-o. 1, San Francisco; J. j
A. Wilson of No. 108. San Francisco: j
Aaron Waseb of No. 58. San Francisco. i
Uniform Rank— X. T. Blackmer, P. S. P., san
Dieiio: J. W. Guthrieot No. 42, Sacramento; W.
H. Lehman of No. 149, Sant i Ana. Finance— C.
S. Hoffman of No. 16, San Francisco; 1!. S. Rec
tor of No 48, Nevada City; M. A. Samuels of No.
65, San Francisco. Credentials— George W. Lovie
of No. 82. Redwdßd City; T. F. Carrigan of No.
30, Merced; D. W. Jenks of No. 174, Alturas.
Reports— E. E. Katz of .-.0. 27. Han Bernardino;
c. R. Hawley of No. 195, Angels Camp: J. E. Has
fctll of No. 111, Suisun. Mileage and per diem—
G. E. Bittenger of No. 112, Riverside; G. H.
Wolfe of No. 4, San Francisco; O. Norcroas of No.
I 5, San Franci3CO.
U. A. O. D.
The officers of Acorian Grove No. 86 of Sacra
mento were publicly installed by District Deputy
Grand Arch J. S. Santos. The ceremony was wit
nessed by a large gathering of Druid's from Wal
halla Grove No. 6 and Orange Vale Grove No. 102
and friends of the members of the groves.
Roma Grove No. 95 of Oakland initiated four
members and conferred the second and third de
grees on three members. ■
Oakland Grove Initiated two members at their
last meeting and conferred the second and third
degrees. This grove is doln?gooi work.
Galileo Grove Initiated several candidates and
conferred the degri es on several members.
Volta Grove conferred the second and third de
grees on two members last Friday evening.
Elvln Grove Installed its officers last Friday and
elected as grand representatives to the Grand
Grove J. Mutton and J. V. Currie.
Hesperian Grove elected the following as repre
sentatives: H. J. Goller, A. Malnzes, F. J. worn,
U. Hnrms.
Kt. Helena Grove No. 41 and Olive Circle will pic-
Die at Hunt's Grove, St. Helena, on the 7th of June.
Coccordia Grove and San Joaquin Grove will
give a joint picnic on June 14 at S;ockton.
The grand officers «ill pay ollicial visits in Santa
Clara County during the month of June.
Order of Choo-n Friends.
• The initiatory team has been kept butty of late.
Last week in the half of sunset Council it initiated
eight candidates for various councils.
Grand Councilor Boehm has Issued a circular ad
dressed to the councils of San Francisco and Ala
meda counties asking the members to make ar
rangements for and to take part in the grand pic
nic to be given by the order at San Jose on the
:<!7th inst. Garden City Council will decorate
many places in the city and the grounds, an. l will
act as a committee of reception. The railroad com
p;<iiy has for this occasion reduced the fare to 75
cms for the round trip for adults, and to 36 cents
for minors. It is expected that more than 100U
persons will attend. -
Past Grand Councilor Selvege while in . New
York City on the 16th of last month, paid a visit
to Supreme Councilor M . 11. Morse.
i .rand Secretary Wj.li is, who has been on a visit
to the Eusl, is on his way home, and will probably
reach here on Wednesday. " '
Eclectic and Washington councils will be consol- I
idated on the occasion of the last meeting in June. I
) . Hi i ire Council has', taken headquarters at V 0
Eddy street. v!,." v - •< *''""
The board of deputies of thu City mid of Ala
meda County met ■ with Grand Councilor Boehm
last Saturday night and made arrangements for a
number of district meetings.
Grand Councilor Boehm visited Sunset Council
las' Saturday. .
The seventeenth anniversary of the founding of
THE SAN FRANCISCO (ALL, MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1896.
the order was celebrated in B'nal B'rith Hall by an
address and -a dance glvA -under the auspices of
the Progressive Councils. There were more than
eight hundred persons present and a very enjoy
able time was had. The address, a very interest-
Ing one, was by H. W. Hut ton, P. O. C.
Knight 'i of Honor.:
Three assessments have been levied for June.
The order at this tim ( » has a membership of 117,
-512. Since . the organization of the Knights in
1873 the benefits disbursed amount in the aggre
gate to $54,509,495.
Grand Dictator Archibald visited Polar Star
Lodge a week ago last Friday. Last ' Friday he was
at Newman.
Last week Grand Dictator Archibald and Grand
Recorder Curry visited the lodge at Modesto.
A committee composed of delegates from the
various lodges is at work making arrangements for
the celebration of the twenty-third anniversary of
the founding of the order.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Grand Trustee Emil H. Bourglgnon of Mistletoe
Lodge, San Jose, has come to this City on a visit
and is registered at the Savoy.
Grand Protector Lander has announced the fol
lowing committees: Laws and supervision, P. J.
Joyce of : Magnolia, J. J. Cahill of Harmony, Miss
E. G. Parker of Star; finance, J. B. Carrington of
Oakland, E. T. Whitten of West End and F. shii- ''■
bey of Empire; state of the order, H. K. Cum
mingsof Oakland, Mrs. E. M. Vincent of Pacific
and Jennie Coppage of Magnolia; credentials ana
! returns, Adna Phelps, Mrs. E. H. Waldron of Bay
City and Mrs. K. J. Colambcrt of Yerba Buena;
foreign correspondence, Mrs. E. R. O'Donnell of
Empire, H. C. Trephagen of Mistletoe and • izzie
Rapp of Aurora; honored dead, George J. Vincent
: of Pacific J. H. Kruge of Golden Rule and Mrs.
E. E. Hall of llealdsburg; printing and supplies,
'I. A. Lauder,- grand protector, Belle W. Conrad,
grand viee -protector, and S. B. C arlton. grand sec
retary; press, J. A. Colquhoun of Oakland, Mrs. E.
M. Carleton of West End and Mary A. McDonald
i of Yerba Buena.
The tolluwiuu is the list of deputies appointed by
the grand protector: District I, Aurora and Em
pire lodges. C. Laronzen: district 2, ! \y City aud
Pacific lodges. Lizzie E. Kerrlson: district 3,
; > -olden Rule and West End lodgt-s. Dorria J. Kap
! lin; district 4, Magnolia and Excelsior lodges,
' Sarah J. Whitcomu; district 5 II art ha and San
: Francisco lodge!, Charles llahn: district 6, Oak
, lund Lodge, W. B. Greenbaum; District 7. Palmet
to and Seal Rock lodges, Mr.t. Ella Wever; district
8. .-tar Sonora lodges, calida Fnxon: district
9. Ye: ha Buena and San Jose lodges, L. A. Hul
burt: district 10, Mistletoe Lodge, J. M. Ricietts;
District 11, Laurel Lodge, J. S. Hall; district 12,
JJarmony and Equity lodges, Silas Orr; district 13,
Angel City Lodge, D. M. True; district 14, Marys
ville. Lodge, John Learmont; district 15. Berkeley
Lodge, Mrs. O. A. George.
American Legion of Honor.
Assessment No. 366 has been levied, payable on
or before the last day of the current month.
Last Tuesday evening several of the grand offi
cers and a delegation of the Associated Councils
paid a visit to Washington Council. A candidate
was initiated and short addresses were made by
Grand Commander Filben and Commander Dross
of Protection Council.
Protection Council was also visited by a number
of the grand officers and a large delegation of the
Associated Councils. Among the visitors were:
Grand Commander Thomus Filben, supreme
Orator W. D. Mansfield, Grand Secretary C. O.
Burton and President W. A. Dunbar. of the Asso
ciated Councils. Two candidates— one the wife of
the commander and the other that of the medical
examiner— were initiated, short addresses were
made by the grand commander, the . supreme
orator and the. president of . the Associated Coun
| cils. At the close of the council session the execu
tive committee of the Associated Councils held a
! business meetiug and arranged forlhe future work
of the association. Arrangements are being per
fected to present a series of public meetings and
entertainment that will inure to the benefit of the
order.
The statement for May shows seventy-seven
deaths, which called for the payment of'benefi
ciary certificates amounting to $237,000. The in
come was $257,456 78 and the disbursements
*25b,000.
Native Sons of the Golden West.
The new ritual will be ready for distribution on
the 20th inst.
Steps have been taken to institute parlors at
Lodi, Riverside and at Blue Lakes, Humboldt
County. V*-;' :
The following is the list of district deputies
named by the grand president, Henry C. Qesford:
J. P. Crawford, Del None; J. F. i arraher, Siski
youj R. W. Stiller, Trinity; Lloyd Carter, Shasta;
J. H. Mitchell, Humboldt; H. P. Chalfaut, Men
doctno: F. P. Cady, i as.-e-n ana Plum as; E. A.
Light, Butte: J. Leathers Jr.. Yolo: F. R. Wehe,
Sierra; F. A. Dnryea, Nevada and Placer; C. R.
Runkel, Nevada and Placer; C. H. Treve
than, Yuba and Sutler: E. L. Webber,
Napa; J. A. Kesey, Lake; J. M. Laugh
lin. Sonoma: F. F. Williamson, Sonoma;
Thomas P. Boyd. Marln; C. F. Montgomery,
contra Costa; l!oyd Parker, soiano: H. L. Lut
tre'.l, Sacramento; G. c. Cook, Amador; S. K.
Davis, Amador; 8. B. Redmond, Caiaveras; D. M.
Ortega, Tuolumue; «5. E. Catts, San Joaquin; W.
H. L. Haines, Alameda; J. R. Knowland. Ala
meda: G. E. Kusseil, San Mateo; Homer Prindle,
Santa Clara; Ed McCabe, Santa Cruz aud .-an
Benito: M. R. Mtjrritt, Monterey; J. G. Muuoz,
San Luis Obispo; J. F. Fielder, San Luis Obispo;
A. T. Hyde. Merced, Madera and Fresno; J. H.
Ridgeway, Mariposa: Susman Mitchell, 'iulsroj
B. L. Brunda;e, Kern; J. •B. Elkins, Santa
[ Barbara; Robert Curran, Sania Barbara
! and Ventura; I). W. Edelman, L«s Ang lea and
! Orange; T. M. Dugan. San Bernardino and River
■ side: T. J. Dowell, san Diego: J. A. Devoto. San
1 Francisco, Rincou No 72, Yerba Buena No. 84,
i National No. 118; Thomas F. .v.ack, -»v Fran
! Cisco, .Mantle No. 105, Columbia No. 121, Heape
i nan ' No. 137; R. J. Mler, San Francisco, El Do
! rado No. 62, Alcalde No. 154, Sequoia No. 160;
: auk Bragg, San Francisco. Golden Gate No. 29.
i South San Francisco No, 157, Precita No. 187; J.
E. O'Donnell, California No. 1, Olympus No. 187,
: Stanford; W. K. McCreery, San Francisco, Pacific
! No. 10, Mission No. 38, San Francisco No. 49.
j District deputies at large — J. F. Davis. Excelsior
; No. 31; E. A. Meserve. Ramoua No. 109; L. J.
; Chipmaa, Observatory No. 177; J. J. Allen, Oak
land No. 60: H. K. McNobie, Stockton No. 7: c.
K. Heverin, San Francisco No. 49; A. F. Vincent,
i Liberty No. 195; H. M. Canipe, Alcatraz .o. 145;
■ J. It. Sinnot, Golden Anchor No. 182; C. A. Bolde
| Tnann. Caliiornia No. 1; .-aul Manner, Bay City
! No. 104; G. G. Kaddiff, WatsonvUle No. 65: H.
; 1). Lansing, I'recita No. 187; F. G. Norman Jr.,
! Hesperian No. 137 :
Young Men's Institute.
At the first meeting of the new board of grand
directors held on the 21 SI of last month A. F. St.
i Sure was elected president. Grand Secretary
j Stanley and Grand Treasurer O'Donnell ere ex
oflicio officers of the board. The next meeting of
the board will be held on the 13th inst.
Grand President John Gallagher of Fresno was
in the City on Saturday.
Requiem mass for the. repose of the dead of Pio
neer Council was celebrated on Saturday in St.
Mary's Church.
Washington Council will hold an open meeting
in Alcazar building to-morrow.
. Cooper Council at Ocean View held an enthusi
astic meeting last Thursday. It being an open one
there was a largo attendance.
At an open and well-attended meeting of Borro- ;
mean Council las: Tuesday addresses were dcliv- I
ered by Rev. lather P. K. Mulligan and Supreme
Delegate Krank McGlynn. On me sth inst. this
council will listen to a lecture on Mexico by Paul
v. Hay, who will illustrate it with views.
Washington Council will give a picnic at Scbuet
zen Park ou the 11th inst.
line B'rith.
Grand President E. I. Wolfe, who baa just re
covered from an attack of illness, left on Saturday
on his southern tour of visitations. To-night he
will be with the lodge in Sun Bernardino and will
take part in the memorial service. He will he ab
sent about three weeks. .
The struggle for the nrize offered to the lodge '
securing the greatest number of, members has
awakened many of the lodges. Secretary JJlum of
a Portland lodge last week sent a request to (..rand
Secretary Levison for 15J application banks.
That lodge expects to increaso its membership by
a hundred.
.Since the first of the year fifteen deaths have oc
curred In the membership of District No. 4. Tiiere
was but one death in April and two in May. AH
the beneficiary certificates were paid within sixty
days aft*r notice of death. .
District. Lodge NO. 10 of Austria shows for the
year 1--95 seven lodges with a membersnip oi H»5.
The majority of , member* are professional men.
The income for the year, was 2^5,491 Kreu.zer,
and the outlay for assistance was 18,4*7 kreutzer.
The district is reported as being in a flourishing
condition. •
Luring the past week De Hirsch memorial serv
ices were held at Los Angeles, ' Mary a vilU;, fitocK
ton and Salt Lake. ■■ .- . ■
Junior Order of United American Me
chanics.
The various councils are ousv at this time mak
ing nominations for the annual elections which
must be held on the Tuesday preceding the 16th
if June. '
State Councilor Schaertzer. paid an official visit
ast Friday to the council in Placerville. : .
A committee of three from each of the City
;ouncils will meet with a like committee from
Alexander Hamilton Council this evening to make
irraiueinents for taking part in the celebration of
he Fourth of July. - ■ .
The entertainment given by Paul Revere Coun
;il at Bericeley last Thursday was a very success
ful one. : "' ..■■
The National Union.
" Assessment ;?o. 8 will be delinquent on the 10th
nst. •
San Francisco Cabinet will meet on Wednesday
.0 consider important matters and elect a senator
,0 the senate.
Next Thursday Deputy Wells' will leave for Sac
■a-nento to work tor the council of that city. On
his return he win remain here a short time aud
then leave for Texas.
Next Wednesday evening California Council will
given smoker tolls friend*, and give nn opportu
nity 10 thorn* who innv wish to join to come in at
reduced rates. There will be a good programme
and a fenst.
Vosemlrb Council had a well attended meeting
In Foresters Hall lust Monday. Three candidates
were Initiated and a number of applications were
received. . During the evening there were speeches,
music, and nongs.
Lust Friday Mission Council received five appli
cations. There were a number of visitors present,
and they took part in the discussions that were
brought up.
I he heirs of C. W. H. Coney of San Francisco
Council ami those of L. Noyal of Pacific Council
were paid $.">OOO recently, amount to each bene
ficiary ceniiicate. : .
Woodmen of the World.
Golden Gate Camp on last Wednesday elected the
following named as delegates to the district con
vention of Woodmen 1 of the World, which will
meet In this City on the 19th Inst.: M.F.Moses,
C. H. Naylor. J. L. Geary Jr., H. P. Wynn, W. E.
Kimball, George H Wilson, D. Oliver Jr., H. A.
Hoyt, George J. Strong, J. P. Farrell, W. K. Hinds,
Richard Fahy, Walter Browne, W. P. Jones, J. F.
Bright, -John Boyle. The convention will elect
representatives to the" Head Camp session that is
10 convene at Helena, Mont., August 10.
Next Wednesday Golden Gate Camp will hold an
Increase meeting" and give its 'fifth anniversary
jubilee entertainment in Social Hall, Alcuzar build
ing. :
Order of Pendos.
During the month of May four new councils
were organized and one hundred reiief certificates
were Issued.
Deputy Supreme Conncilor Huson has three
new councils under way in New Orleuns.
On the evening of the "J3d of last month Alpha
Council gave un entertainment and social in
Butte, Montana, at which there were present more
than 200 guests. This council, but 4. weeks old,
has a membership of 94.
A new council will be organized at Meadevllle
this week. 1 here is a prospect of new councils
being or^ftnizpd in Helena, Great Falls, Bozeman,
Missoula aud Livingston.
The (irand Council for the States of Washing
ton, Idaho aud .Montana will b organized on the
15t h inst.
Knights of the Golden Kagle.
Golden Gate Caatle has changed its quarters to
the Alcazar building, where It will meet for the
first time ibis evening.
Pacific Castle conferred the third degree at the
last meeting Several t-rand officers were present
and co ni pi iin en ted tne otlicers in their work.
California Castle No. 1 will confer the first de
gree upon several candidates at its next meeting.
The team In No. 1 intend to ill llenge any team
In the state for the best work.
Alpha Temple No. I, Ladles of the Golden
Eagle, will iu.tiate a larpe number of candidates
June 12. A banqnet will be given on this occa
sion, also plenty of music and dancing to make
the evening an enjoyable one.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
. GRAND HOTEL.
G M Gordon, Cal W Willis. R V
J M Mi 11 rap. Vallejo J Q. Wilson, N V
X C Hart, Sacrnn>eento A I. BegUe, Cal
W Wrigat, N V City A Browq, Alameda
I Shepherd, Cal 1. I lerpont, Noidhoff
W Mclionald, Vallejo J -Me. wren, Vallejo
J Judd, Sacramento J Mills. Stockton
C F Choate.Benlcia W I'la c, San Jose
EI) Mi-Cube. Sacto G F Mering, 010
N H Lang, Cal to Muernch, Virginia Cy
J M PettUrew, Cal b Young, Oakland
W a B"iider, Cal J H Niggard, Springfield
E A Cunuau, sta Crur ACJ liinman, San Jose
Miss i' Johnson, 8 Crus T E Johnson, sta Crux
J (J -orijen, Cliica?o F G Keiulnck, BismarcK
J Zampella, N Orleans W H bavis. Detroit
I) Miller, Sacramento Mrs J C Keyes, Stocktn
J Smith, Los A ng W H Carlson, san Diego
J A Andrews. Los Anp W J Homer, Sacto
A L Landis, Pomona H •. Coais&w. Petaluma
F P Stmih. Guaiemala . A F l'oole. Stanford
1 C Woodworth.SutterC FC I'r.nch, Boston
A C Hlhn &w, S Cruz H W Crab. Oakville
A i>evinsky, Stockton C A Jones <few, Stockton
B Christie, IXM Ang F B Jack, SL obi«po
F P Biaek. San Jose Mrs A J Stoker, s Diego
S G StoKeS, Stanford
KUS9 HOUSE.
C C Duhaln, Sacto E P Newhall. Sn Jose
A W Maydell, Sn Jose T W Sargent, s» mas
J O ClarK, Siskiyou H L Fenzel. Vallejo
J Avery. Oakland F L-ather <tw, Seattle
T Davey, Idaho N S Hppncer, Erston Ci
Mrs A D Lancaster, Wis I) Connell Aw, 1 t Costa
F W Price. Fresno It B Trnitt, Healdsburg
E A Ijeason, DC KG Williams. Stockton
M Lnchman, Sonora J M Harthy, Vallejo
J J Sullivan, Los Gatos J R Whipp.e, Dpco.o
UC Kuhaln, Sac CD 11 ay ward, Woodside
A LWathm^ton, Oakland J W Crispin, Fresno
J W Gonell, Fres.iO F Niui-z. H L Obispo
MlssHG i- loyd.san Jose BH Ainynurd, Vancouver
1 W Bowman, Vallejo MrsllScott*3ch, Victoria
C E Mack, Virginia, Nev J L A arshiill it w, Gilruy
A Crawtord, CJiiveroale H L Davis. Vallejo
J McKay, Port Costa EcCroush well. Port Costa
1 M.adS')U, Fresno F X v al ick «t d, lowa
C F CronUl, Los Angeles W J Lloyd, hnglaud
J .1 Pvarce, Ariz Mrs Mc(.uier<!tvc, ftDlejto
WLPros-t r>vw. Martinez ■ J McGowen, carson City
LWBorten.'irand ItapidsCH saunders. s sSan Bias
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P.I Johnson, Chicago (i H Hooper, Holllster
1)1 Met. nrtv.lludletown C Kloep{el, Vallpjo
L B Baney. Vallejo B B Love, Baden
Miss Ellis, Victoria W W Woods, Victoria
C H Hardy, Vtsalia C M Morris. Nana
L B Lucy.' Napa Mrs .t f, Napa
D J Little A w. i hico B 1. Sons. N V
B I Thomas, N V M B BniliSS. Cal
Miss Long, Boston .1 Warfield. Boston
B Sommers. < al J Wells, Virginia
M M Russell, Virginia W Hyden, Virginia
J J Price. Chicago R Piper. Chicago
H Keys, -salt Lake Miss Koork, salt Lake
BALDWIN HOTEL.
S Riordan * w, Cal Q C Fly. Napa
1) J Davis, N V T X Barkworth, R V
J H Todd, sacto C H I akemand, Cal
GM Dtipn, Chicago C L Can Hold <few. Chicago
Mrs H.l Cox, St i.ouls O S Flour. .oy, Sacio
ECJ Breecher, Chicago P X (iordon, Chiiano
JD C Brown Aw, (al (5 I Briuvs. N V
(i Rotlifrniel, San Jose A W Baker. Red Bluff
M s Friedman, St Louis J B McCuiie, Boston ,
R P Qui-in, WatsonviUe I) J F Stranack, N V
Miss Srnith.'Fresno H Milligan, Seattle
F Williams, i'ortland
PALACE HOTKI^.
J ?:hrman, N V E J Sayer, Hanford
Mrs Peyton. S Barbara W T Aldridge, Rochester
Miss Peyton, B Barbara F Montgomery, Boston
A L Terry, N V D Hail, Kngiaud
P L Davis, Phlla>telphla CO Ciriinih. Spokane
T Wilson. Philadelphia A Weather. and, Ohio
J T Doyle, N V
Kxplanatlon.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperatur° for tho
•ays; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melied snow In Inches and hnndredths,
• uring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
llßes, coumct points of wji;al air pressure; a—
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. '1 he
word "hleh" means hi»h barometric pressure and
Is usanlly acfombfinicd b}' fair weothni: "low"
refers lo low pressure, and is usually preceded
• nil accompanied by cloudy weather and rams.
"Lows" usually firs"! app.'&r on the M» B hln?ton
coast. Wh' n ihe pressuie is high in the interini
and low along 1 the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain soulh of Oregon is nnprob
aole. Wlih a "Mch" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
tne pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be eipected in summer arid colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
•ill produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BEREAU REPORT.
United States Dkkaktmknt ok Aoßrcri.
ti-rk, SVkathkr Bureau, San Francisco, May
SI, 1896, 5 p. m.— Weather condi ions aud ceneral
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of samr date last season:
Eureka 51.70, last season 46 33; Re I Blaff 22.43.
last seasoa 29.71; San Francisco 21.25, latt sea
son 26.70; Fresno H. 16, last season 14.67; San
Luts i ibispo 17.70. las: season 26.04; Los Angeles
f1.35, last season 16.10; San Diego 6.92, last sea
son 12.20: Vunin .B>*, lust seaeou 8.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 58 Ked Bluff 84, san Frani-isco 62,
Kresmo 80, .-an Luis obispo 80, Los Angeles 78,
San Diego 68, Yuma 102.
ban Francisco duta— Maximum temperature 62,
m iiilnmm 50, mean 56.
An area of high pre&surd overlies the northern
half of the Pacific slope. Tlie highest pressure ts
H0.38al Kort Can by. The lowest pressure on to
nijiht sinn|i la 29.70 at Ytiiua. Th<: pressure has
fallen during the past twenty-four bourn over Cali
fornia, but elsewhere has been practically station
ary.
The temperature has remained stationary
throughout the coast region: but over Utah has
risen as much as 'i 0 deg. within the past twenty
four hours.
Conditions are favorable for warmer weather
Monday In the valleys of California.
'i he weather has been generally clear over the
Pacific slope. Conditions are favorable for fair
and warmer weather Monday over the l'acific
slope.
Forecast mode at San Francisco for thirty hours,
enrtitiK midnight. Monday, June 1, 1896.
Northern California— Fair Monday; warmer in
land; fresh northerly winds.
Snnthern California— Fair Monday; light aorth
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
I'tah— Fair and warmer Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Fmnctsco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
warmer; fresh westerly winds.
ALKIAVUKK G. MCADrK,
Local Forecast Ollicial.
THE CALL CALENDAR,
Junk, 1896.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Devartnre From San Francisco.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. P. Coast and OitonitTio Sttbvst Tidi)
Bulletin Pcblmhkd bt Official V
AUTHORITT or THB SJUPKBINTBITDE3CT. )
Monday June 1.
Sunrises 4.48; Moon rises 12.01 am
Sunsets 7.28|M000 sets
June— 1896.
rxoTK- In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence ai to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third ilde, and the last or right
hand colu-r.n ?ives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occum. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
chnrts. except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
bcighr, and then the number given Is subtractive
from the depth given by he charts
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SUNDAY. May 31.
' Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, 13 hours from Men- |
doclno; pass and mdse, to Mendocino Lumber Co. I
' Stmr Weeott, Whitney, 19Va hours from Eel
River; pass and mdse, to Russ, Sanders <fc Co.
Stmr Farallon. Roberts, 45 hours from Yaqulna j
Bay via Coos Bay; pass ana mdse, to Meyer A ,
Akmann. ..;;..
stmr Crescent City, Allen, 35 hours from Crei- j
cent City; pass and mdse, to Hobos, Wall A Co. .
Stmr Corona, Hall, I'^'Vb hours from San Diego i
and wav ports; pass ana nidge, toGoodall, Perkins i
& Co. . . . .
Stmr Noyo, Levinson. 14 hours from Fort Bragg;
.pass and mdse, to J S Kimball.
stmr Geo Loom is, Briagett. 38 hours from Ven
tura: oil, to Pacific Coos* oil Co. Up river direct.
Stmr National City. Andrcsen, 21 hours from ]
Eureka; bound for southern ports, put In to land
passengers. • • • ' • .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 27 hours from Moss Landing,
etc; produce, to Goodall, Perkins «fc Co.
Ship Dashing Wave, Morenouse, 7 days from :
Tacoma: lumber and laths, to Hanson Co.
Bar* Tidal Wave, Lancaster, 7 days from Ta- i
! coma; lumber and laths, to Hans n A Co.
HarK Geneva! Fairchild, lirannan, Hi/ 3 days from !
I Nanatmo; 2327 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's
Sons. . ■ •■..-■
schr Five Brothers, Kasmussen, 10 hours from
FUnermans K'.v; wood and posts, to J Johnson.
' BcbT Bobolink, Nelson, 'SM hours from Mendo- |
clno: 191) M ft lumber, to Mendocino Lumber Co.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Coistrnp, 14 hours from ■
Stewarts 'Point; wood and bark, to HigginsA Col
lins. . . ■ . ■-•■■■•.
Schr Equator. Randelin, 17 days from Chignik !
Ray ; ballast, to J Hume.
■ Schr Christina stiffens, Nordling. 17 hours from
Flski Mill: 75 cd« wood, to R A Gilbride & Co.
Schr Mary. C. Campbell, 10 hours from Bodega; :
i 90 butter, to Ross & Hewlett.
Schr Nettie ],ow. Low, 0 hours from Point
Reyes: 40 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer Co; 100
CS cream, to California Creamery Co.
v ''/;■ , : Sailed."- .
. SUNDAY, May SI.
Ktmr at Paul, Green, San Pedro.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Christiansen,' Coqutlle
River. , .
Schr Bessie K. Anderson, Albion. . |
Telegraphic.
roiNT T-riBOS. May Hl— lo ». M.-\7eatliar |
hazy wind NW; velo :ily, 20 miles.
• V r ' • Domestic l'orts. • ■
REDON DO— Arrived May 31— "Vtar Protection,
from Port Los Angeles; bktn Portlana, from Port
laud.- i >..•••---
BOWENS LANDING— Arrlvea May 30— Schr i
Nettie Hundborg. from A bion • :f
. . Sailed May 30— Stmr Navarro. frora P.smo. '
ALBIONr-Arrived May 30— Stmr Albion, hence I
May 29. , - -
Sailed. May 30— Scbr Nettie Sundborg, for j
Bo wens Landing.
. MENDOCINO— SaiIed May 31— Stmr Point '
Arena, for San Francisco. ; . :
UsAL-SaUed May »I— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco. . •; ■•
SEATTLE— Arrived May 31— Scr Lena Sweasey,
hence May 15. - .• ■ ■ ■ • •■ - . • • ,
NEW WHATCOM-Sailed May 31-Ship B Pi
Cheney, for Shanghai. .;;'■ :> •
SAN DIEGO-Arrived May 31-Schr Joseph I
Russ. from Whatcom. • ; . :•■
FORT BBAGG-bailed May 31-Btmr Rival, for i
San Francisco. ■■■ • ■■• ' 
GREEN WOOD-Sailed May i 31-Stmr Alcazar, i
for San Francisco. .
COOS BAY-salled May 31-Stmr Arago, for San
Francisco. "• ■;•:*. •■■ .
SANPEDRO-Arrived May 3.1-Schr Meteor
from fort Gamble; schr C 8 Hoimes, from Port j
Blakeiey; schr Alice, from Eureka. ■ .
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*. |
QUEENSTOWN-Sailed May 31-Mtmr Etruria,
i for New York. ■ ■ '
SOUTHAMPTON-Sailed May 31-Stmr Saale.
for New York. - • -' ; -.-'-..
LlZAßD— Passed May 31— Stmr La Normandie
from New York for Havre: Btmr U. H. Meier
from Bremen for New York.>, .-..-.: - .i ...
ISLE OF \VIGHT-P»B.i«kl. May . 31-Stmr
Werkt'n<<am. from Rotterdam for New York. •■
Importation*.
SAN DIE.GO— Per Corona— bx surgical instru- !
ments. 10 bdlsdry fish, 12 bdls pickled fish.'l i.m i
rubbers, 1 bbl Irons, :>i> pcs curbing. ■; 5 ska mill- i
work, 1 cs tongues, 2 bxs groceries, 4 bxs limes, 3
pkgs beeswax, 148 bdls hides. 20 hbls tallow, 1 '
pkg handles. 4 mortars, 1 cs eels, 2 idls hose. 1 sic :
nuts, 'l brtl(j iron, 2 bb.s olives, 1 cs gum, 25'bxs ■
type, 46 bxs oranges, tils bxs lemons, 6 pkgs mdse, I
2<s brandy, 19 sks concentrates. -./ ;
; Newport— l pkg mdse, 13 bxs lemons, Ikg chow i
chow, 195 bxs oranges. : -^ , . i--,e
'.' Rbdondo— 97 bxs lemons, 25 bxs oranges, 3 bxs I
stationery , 2 pkgs mdse, 'i bxs sheep-shears, 1 keg
wine. .:■■.; ; : '.':".''.■ ■■;
Port Los Angeles— 9 bxs lemons, :6: 6 pkgs mdse,' 9
bxs squash, 15 bxs tomatoes, Ibx pepper. : -■
■ Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— l b.id piano, j
8 cs " cloc.is, 4 bxs oranges, •15 bxs lemons, '6 cs '
wine,.7 pkgs mdse. . , ' . ■-• ; . ■ - •
• Santa Barbara— l collar. Ipr shafts, 2 bxs signs,
1 bx tobacco, 198 rrxs lemons, . 1 bx groceries, 13 ' '
plcgs mdse, 1 pk« citifies, 1 oJI shear". 6 rolls > ',
man in-'. 5i bxs oranges. , , , . . •'■ •-..,..
Ton Harford — 2 l.xs rish, 1776 s>cs barley, -1399 i •
•sits bsans, -itiOsks bit rocK. i dressed calves.'l bdl
dry goods, 1 pug mdae, 98 bdls hides, ' 1 sk tails. 4
tubs 'i Kegs 126 bxs butter, 29 csegea," 1 cssaoes.
■ PORTLAND-Per Empire— ;'2s sks potatoes; 60
slcs glue stock-, 40 bdls scrap iron, 300 M ft lumber.
840 aks bo nes, 10 bbls vinegar, 1 ( kegs Deer, - .'6B
bdls maple. "i| ii i my mi^uLijjiijw uf|j iiij ii ii'ii_j_ ilj.jm
• FOBT BKAGC4-Per Noyo-252,1«9 . ft lumber.
13 t>!<zs mdse. ' - n-'ri-.i 'TinfMHwn 11 :
CRESCENT CITY-Per Crescent City— S3 kegs I
28 tubs 60 bxs butler, 11 calves. 1 plcg mdse, 2
crts bikes, lumber. i«fegßaMjßl
PORT KENYON— Per Weeott — 1 cow, 12 tubs
265 bxs butter. 3 bdls dry hides, 1 sk bear skins. 2
pfcgs furs. 34 sKs 31 bdlsgreeu hides, 3 bbls glass
ware, a coop*' turkeys, 35 pkgs mdse, 30 eds slave
bolts, 38 dressed calves, 3 crts bikes.
YAQUINA BAY— Per Faratlon— lo47 sES oats,
700 sks wheat, 74 ska bark, 100 bbls 350 nf sks
1612 qr sks flour, 229 sks potatoes, 27 cs eggs. Va
bbl pickles, H coops chickens, 8 cs salad dressing.
'i kegs 6 bxs butter, 170 tons stone, 5B cords stave
bolts, 4 pkgs mdse, 4 bdls flannels, 29 sks oysters,
1 cs clocks.
Port Orford-15 M ft lumber 40 sks black sand.
Eureka— 7 pkgs mdse, 44 sks bones.
MOss LANDING— Per Gipsy —Vs bx butter, 2
cs eggs.
S Watson vllle— 1 bx soap, 1 cs groceries, 6 bdls PS
plates.
■Salinas— s pkc* mdse.
, Santa Cruz— ll cs cheese. 5 bxs butter, 24 bales
hair, 9 rolls leatner, 1000 bbls lime.
Pig-eon Point— s9 drums 40 cs cheese. 58 sks
iron, 61 sks beans. J<2 ski bones.
Amespori— l6 tubs -Va IjXB butter, 11 cs cheese.
POINT ARKS a — Per Point Arena— l cs eggs. 42
bxs butter, 1 bx fish. •
Mendocino— l bx butter, Ics eggs.
Navarro— 6oo2 r r ties.
Coniiene**.
Per Corona— Selby Smelting and Lead Co: H O
Greenhood; Wetmore Bros; Amer Press Assn: Del
Monte Milling Co: J 1 va :n*ovit:b <fei O; Goody»ar
Rubber Co: Dunham, Carrigan & Co: Hills Bros;
Wellman, Peck it Co: W Sumner & Co; Roseu
be g ;rus; I- Se:itono<fc Co; D X Allison &Co ; A
Vi»nier A Co: Wolf & sou; X B Stevens & Co; W
G Smith: M T Freitas it Co; Gray it Barbierl: J w
Ferguson: Cunningham, Curtiss«fc Welch; Ne-.vton .
Bros; Hooker \v: to; Dodge, Sweeney &Co: Immol
Co: Baker & Hamilton: W.F Mitchell; Pacific
Ammonia an . Chemical Works: Kowalsky .it Co:
Paiton Bros; Russ, Sanders A Co; H Duiard: W X
Jackson: Dairymen's Union; Smith's Cash otore:
Moore, Ferguson & Co; Bassett & Bunker; Pacific
count Fish Co; 8 Brunswick: G CamlUoni <fe Co: A
Levy & Co: Lewis Packing Co: M Levy & Co: W
B Lake; Wltiland Produce Co; C Titzen; Dalles
Commercial Co; McDonough & Runyon: Bell A Co;
Goldberg, Bowen <fc Co: Lev! Speigel ; Magglni
& Garcia; FH Emerson * Co; O Becht; L J
Hampton: W M»cki\v: Taylor A Taylor: F P &
J A Hooper: Slnshelmerßros: HHeckmanACo:
Enterprise Brewery; Bnttalo Brewery ; s) Strauss;
Hllmer. Bredhoff A Schulz: Ueo Barrett; Watson
A Co; M J Br:*ndensein A Co; Morris Wendt:
D Hlrschler: Labor Exchange.
Per Point Arena-Standard Oil Co: Mendocino
Lumber Co; Ross A Hewlett;' Wilson A Baechtel;
American Union Fish Co; Dairymen's Union;
Itohlfs & Oerdau. „ „ ' *
Per Gipsy— Wheaton, Breon A Co; H Dutard;
Hilmer. Bredhoff A Schulz; Martin. Feusier A Co>;
Brigham. Hoppe A Co: Herman G R ParKs;
Norton, Teller A Co; TUlmann A Bendel: Charles
Jacobion:-Dodire. Sweeney A Co: O B Smith A co:
Dairymen's Union; HCowellACo; Pacific Bone
and Fertilizer Co; AW Fink A Co: Pacific Fruh
Co; Buffao Brewery; Kron Tanning Co; H T
Holmes Lime Co. „ , .
Per Crescent Ci-.y— C X Whitney A Co; F Url A
Co; Dodge, Sweeney A Co; OB Smith A Co; AC
Muller: • Hllmer, Bredhoff A Schulz: F B Haight:
Wellman, Peck A Cl ; Hobbs, Wall A Co; Overman
Wheel Co; C Koblcke: H Llebes A Co.
Per Noyo— Frederlcksbnrg Brewery: Sbarboro
A Co; H Levy A Co; Union Lumber Co; w W
Miller.
Per E mpire-C Carpy A Co : E R Stevens A Co ;
ChasHarleyACo: Dutard: F A Jones; Pacific
Bone and Fertilizer Co; California Glue Works:
Sa:i Francisco Furniture Co; Captain Polemann;
Pacific Vinegar Co; Order.
Per Farallon— Moore, Ferguson A Co; H Dutard;
C J Leist A Co: WC Price A Co: Morgan Oyster Co;
E R Stevens A Co; Wood. Curtis A Co: Anspacher
Bros: Wolf A Son; BORu&IACo; J P Thomas:
Tillmann A Bendel: Pacific Commercial Co: WL
Gilbert: Levi Strauss A Co; C Jacobson A Co; V E
Tuli; Pacific W W Co; Stauff'jr A Co; American
Biscuit Co: Washington Mfg Co; T J Golden: L A
Elam: Risdon Iron Works; N Ohlandt A Co; C
Eld ridge.
Per >Veeott— Sanders & Co; F B Haight;
Wheaton, Breon A Co; Brlgham, Koppe A Co; D
Dellosse; Ross A Hewlett: Norton. Teller A Co:
O B Smith A Co; Witzel A Baker; Kowalsky A Co:
Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Nathan, Dobrmann A Co;
C X Whitney * Co : W B Stunner A Co ; Carroll A
Carroll: HLiebesACo; Wieland Brewing Co: D
de Lucca; Lev! Strauss A Co; W C Price A Co; J
McDermott; Deere Imp Co; Schweitzer A Co.
Tor Late Shipping Intelliaence Set Thirteenth Page.
OOEAH rnSAMSHXPO;
WAiPORTLANI
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
State of California 5ai15........... June 2, 12 and 22
Columbia sails June 7, 17 and Vi 7
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m,
eOODA-LU PERKINS A CO,' Oenl. Hupts. .
i. i\ CONNOR, General Agent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAST
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
Pir»t Class 68.00
! Second Clan* 6000
Meals and berth included.
! Ticket Office— Sew Montgomery Street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS** CO.,
General Agents.
! PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP €OMPAH¥
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM /*£»_
Broadway wharf, Han Francisco, as tttfiS
I follows: -_ ,
For Mary Island. Lorlnir, Wrangel. Jnneao. Kll-
llanoo ana Hltita (Alaska), at v a. m., June 3,
j 13. 18. aH. July .i, IX, lit. &
I For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
: send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, A nacortes and New
, Whatcom . (Bellin^ham ■ Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
.Inn.- 3. -. la. 1 ,. 38 -2H. ana every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. H. X., at Tacoma with N. P. R. It,
at Seattle with O. N. By., at Port Townsend wlttj
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
' boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2p. M.. June 2, 10,
14 is. 'is, 2i>. X i and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cror, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco*
i Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
I Barbara. Ventura. Kueneme. San Pedro, East San
' Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Juno
\ 4. 8. lii. 16, -0, •_'!. 28 aud every fourth day there-
: after.
For San Plego, " stopping only at Port TTarforl
1 (Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Kedondo (Los Aneeles) and Newport. 11
!a. m.. .in >■ '-' •'■> li», 14: i B, 22, 26. 30 and every
! fourth day thereafter.
' For En.ienada, Han Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. m.. June '-'. 27, ana 25th of each month tliere-
j at* r. ■ " '
I Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
I GOODAIiL, PERKINS <S CO., Gen'l Agrents.
• 10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /V U DAYS to
HAWAII. SAMOA, £*. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, 111 by
AUSTRALIA. \jS.S. AUSTRALIA.
(J. a AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Tues-
j day. June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party ra is,
S. S. A LAM "DA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
at 2p.M. ■ • ' , , .
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. KPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Afrts.
- 11l Montgomery st.
. Freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco.
1 COMPACIIE GENERAL TRAmTLAimqOB
Frenoh Lin«» to HavT*>.
COMPANV>riKR (NEW), 42 NORTH A««l
\J River, fool of .Morton st. Traveler* by &*3(&t
; this line avoid both transit oy English railway ttu I
i the discomfort of crossing the channel la a -lmitil
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Parti,
first-ciass If 1 60 : sfCoud-cluas. *11«.
1 A TOURAINE. Capu Bantelll....May 2* 8 a. m.
LA N0RMAND1E. ........... ......May -'3, 8 a. M.
LA GAbCOGNE ...Jn 0 20, 7 A. M.
LA -NOR 'I AN Kir. July 4, 6 a. M.
I LA GAt-COGNE.. July 25. 11 a. Sf.
LA SOU .(ANDI K. ....August 1, 5 A. M.
LA BOUROOGXE. Cnpt. I>b -euf. .June 6,7 a. v.
Kg- For further partlcatara apply to p
> „ A. FOP.<*Kr, Agent,
No. 3 Bo -V mi.i ni . Gran, >few.Yorte. •
J. F. FUGAZr. A CO., Agents. 6 -Montgomery
•venue. San Francisco. .
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPAQ.
STEAMERS LEAVE • ARPIN'WAT-L >|«MU
fortnightly . for the West Indies aud -^VSBa
i Southampton, calling .en . route nt C<?rbour<;h,
! France, and Plymouth to land passengers. • '
ThrouKli bills of lading, in connection with the
! Pacific Mail S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treas-
i nre. to direct ports in Eneland and Germans.
; ■ Tlirough tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth. I
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $19.">: third'
I Class, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT A- CO., Agents,
/ : Mii California st-
STOCKTOiI STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At ,> I*. Jl, Daily. ■
Sunday at 7 P. M.
IS" Accommodations Reserve* by Telephone.
; •;■ .. '. ' S'IJSAJttKKs::; " : j
T.C.Walker,' J. D. Peters, j
. Mary <Jarratt, ' ' City of Stockton.
; ..Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and Impt. Co '
FALLEJO, MiM iNii i\i>. BKHIIA, POftl \
. COSTA AIB CROCKETT.
> STR. MOXTICELLO,
i Daily, except Saturday und Sunday— lo:3o a. a
'. and 4r.M. : Saturday, 1U:3O a. m., 3:30 r. Ml "
- ,• Sunday— B r.'K. • - v -V
*♦». itoiily.
Landing, Missioa 1. Pier 4.
: RAILROAD TRAm: ' ' :
BIG REDUCTION JIV RATES BY RAIL
a  .. .... . '■,• ' T0.... : ::>■,■'.■
IP ORTJLjAJXro^rOII.
TUESDAY 1......:.;..... ./.... JUNE 2,
And Every Fifth Pay Thereafter. ; :
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot : :
of Market st., at 8 p. m.
far f\ n— Including Berth in Pullman Tour-
O O. U U :i Ist Sleeper. .• .. ._ ■;-; ; ;v-
-....AL5U....
First-class tickets, including berth In Q] fi'OO
Pull man. standard Sleeper. . • €D±\J—.
SPECIAL NOTICE
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pat-
senders at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points. ■
£tf~ Through Tickets for Piia;et Sound
Points on Sale at Reduced Kate*.
For further information a .ply at
613 MARKET STKUhT (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco. - •
RICHARD GRAY, T.U.GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTHERN |-A«'IFI« - fOJirAST.
■'.;.■; (PACIFIC SVBTEM.)
Timlm* leave nml ns*«l <ltic to nrrltr at
SAM IHASIIMO.
leave — Fi:o.m M*y 3, 1896. — »r.mv»
"•r»:OOA Nilcs. Han Jc«o "Way Bt ktions.. . J."i\
7:(»Oa Atlantic KzprefS, Dg'li-n and Cast.. 8:43p
7:00 a Benicia, VaearU-'e, Rums; y. Sacra-
mento, and Reddins via Davis 6HISp
7:«0a M»rtiu(7, San Ramon, Napa, Caliß-
toga and bantu Eosa •i!3p
•iSOa Niles, San .lose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Murysville, He 1 Bluff
aril Sundays excepted Oioville.... 4:15p
•S:3«\ Peters and Milton »7:15p
B:<h>a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Lou Angeles 4:43p
9:00 a Martinez and 5t0ckt0n......... "..... lO'l .l a
9:O() a VaUejo 0:1 5p
1 :OOp Nile*. San Jose and Livcrniore «:-Ssa
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers 'OMiOp
|l:30p Port Costa and Way Stations t?:-*3p
«:OOi- Martinez, Han Ilamon. Valluj",
Napa. Calistoga, El Verano and
Kuntaltosn 9:13*
«:••? Benicia, Vacarille, Woodland,
Knislita Lar.i'.ing. MsryßTillo,
Oroville ami .Sacraineuto I*:***
4:3#p Nilcs, San Jose, LiTermore and
htuckton..^ 7:13r
4tBOp Morced. Bcrenda, Raymond (for
Yoscmite) and Fresno 1 lHUaa
s:**! 1 Now Orleans kUpress, l r«8no. Bakers- *::•.:•
' . Held, ban (a Rnrljara,l«s Angvlen, *
. ' _; t)eming, El Paso, Naw Oi leans and • . : .
East ............................. 1• . 1 4 * ' '
S:OOp Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express > •'•' •■ ■• ■■
for Mojav* and Last .' lOjllla ':';'■■
VaUejo .; 1I:».1a
6:O<*p r.un>\i<>;iii Mail, Ogden and 1-last.... 9:15*. :
«:OOp Haynards. Niltsand Han. lose 7:45 a
J7:O«r Vallejo t7«43p ;
7ioop Oregon Kxprens, Haoratiiento, M«r*s- ; ; :■-
-»ille, Iteilding, " Portland, P'.iget : '•
S.IHIIII a:nl E;i«t lO<4Sa '. ;- ;
SANTA CUD/ DIVISION (Narrow t«»ugfj. ; '•'■
17:43 a Santa Cruz Exriirsion, fanta Cruz * : :
■ and Principal Way Stations :■:•»» i" •
SilSa Ne»T«ik,Center»illo,Si\n ,lose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way ';.*.:•
Stations Sis«p
• l:lSr Newark. CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Crrelt.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations.... ...Ml:3«a
4:lSp Newark. San .lose and Los Gains. . . . 9:3* a
COAST IUVISIOS (liilnl ft lounsenil Six.)
"•6:45a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) •l:4ir
17:3<U. Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cmz, Pacifio Grore, and
Principal Way Stations \BiZ*f
• :18 a Sail .)■■••". Tres Pinos, .Sunta Cruz,
■ l'acilic Grove, Paso Rubles, San
Luis Oliispo. Gnatiahipe and Prin-
cipal Way (Stations 7:»5p
J»:47APalo Alto and WayPUtio.:s ti:4sr
IO:IOa San Jose W«y Stations 5:0»p
11:45 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 5:30p
*2:30p Sail Jose, Gilrny, Tres Pino*. Santa
Cruz, Salinas,Montere]r and PaclQo
Grove ♦10540 a
•n::iop San Jose and Principal Way.Stations »:47a.
•4:30p San Jose and Way Stations *N:oaA
S:3op San .Vise and Way Stations...: "N:4Ba,
6:^op San Jose and Way Stations «">::!.">a
tll:15p San Jose and Way Stations +7t4sr>
NAN I,HA!iUKI) AM> HAVWAKUS LO»:AL.
(*6:ooa "I ~ r ~7 7»15a
8:0« a • t9:45A
12. ! 50t Melreee,Be«l»ery Park, XmS>l
ill:OOA nuhbnrg, Kan Le^dr. 12»48p
»:00p "MBDlirg, »«H liMKOr* Jl:4Cp
S:OOp --* • 4:43p
4:OOp «■ m B:tsr
S:OOp | unr j. O:I3p
ti:3op «aywar». 7-.tXr
7:»Op 8:43 p
Sloop ' Runs through to Nile*. lf>'r-Or
tfl»:lspJ tFromNiles. [ ftl2:Qop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS FRANCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— -
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. :l:00 *2:00 t3:09
•4:00 ■ tS:CO •6::3 p.M.
Foot ofßro>dwiT.— *6:00 8:0«
10:00 a.m. U2:CO *l:03 t2:CO *3:CO ♦i CO
«5:00r.M. '
A for Morning. * " " P for Afternoon. "
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
1 Sundays only.
tt Monday. Thursday ar.d Saturday nights only.
MS FRARCISCO & JVORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWIY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12-39
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdaya— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m. ■.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3;3»
6:00, 6:20 P. it.
• San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:10, 11-10 a m-
-6U w^p 35 *. 9 * 5 ' li:io * "■' I: *°- 3:4 »
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park aamt
schedule as above. . -.
San Francisco. In pffprt Ban Francisco.
i B * n traacisca April a Ban t'rincisoa
, Days.^ i>ays. destination. DAYS j Day*. '
j 7:30 am|7:3O am I Xovato, j 10:40 am] 8:40 Alt
3:30 rii 1 9:30 am I Petaluma,, 6:03 pm 10:10 ah
j 5:10 5:00 pm| Santa Kosa. 7;30 pm 6:15 p*
• - Fulton, ; ■■:. -
7:30 am ■ Windsor, 10:10 am
• . HealdsbiiJEg, : ■. : ' . .
Geysorrille; . • ■ '■■■-.
I 3:30 pm 7:30 AM! Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
. Pieta,- : '.. . -.■■.'.
7:30 am . I Hoplar.a A ! 10:10 am
3 :3U v M 7:30 am 1 Ukiah: 7:30 pm , 6:15 pm
7:30 am' = I ~ ~~ 10:10 am
7:30 am Guerneville. 7r3OPM
3:30 pm; ••■•{;'• .. 6:15 pm
•7:30 am 7:30 AM! Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 I'M 5:00 pm ! . and 6:05 fm 6:15 pm =
! - I Glen/Ellen,. . : ; \ ..;.-, .■;
7:30 am|7:3o amj «»*,«;:,„.-, 110:40 am; 10:10 am
3 :30 pm 1 5 :00 pm I S€oaBto P< > l- ) 6:05 pM ; j . pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprinprs: at -Geyservllle lor Skasrgs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for ' -Hlgiiiand
Springs, Kflservill*. Soda Hay and LAkeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and. liar' ett Spring*: at '
• Ukiah for Vichy (Springs Saratog 4: Bprjnga, Blue. -
Lakes, Lav- Dell Lake. Upper LaKe, Porno, Potter
Volley, John Day's, Lierley'g, Bucknelt's, ?*an-
hedrin Hpights. Hullville. Boone.vllle. Green
wood. Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort
Braetc, West port, Usal. WUlets. Cahto. Covelo,
Laytouviile, Harris, Scotia and Knreka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rate a.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Ra'fael at half rates.
■ Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle budding.
H.C.WHITIM;, R.X.RYAV.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agenb
Atlantic
Trains leave from and arrive ij i H&2coJr'^JS9fc
at Market-Street Ferry. \S^aFjLQ*' '^™i
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicagr> via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. M.. carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago . .
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
louver and St. Louis. - ■ s '~" • ; ' '■'■'■
in,- >-oiu «r s.v.>TA FB ROUTE: EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON .
nitii the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
! sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
tl>rouzh to inntio'i ",/.-. ' ■■'
■ The best . railway from California to the East. ."
New mils, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery; -
and .good meals in Harvey's dining-room -
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street, -
■ - ' ' . ' Chronicle BnlUUne- :
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Com m n ing March 29, lift.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Hafael — 7 :CO, 'Stoo
•9:1& XO-.16, 1:45. a. *.: 1:45, -...O, 4:15,
• 5:16. *»:(>. . 35 p. m. • 7
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wadaa* -
aays andJS»turdays a; 11 :30 p. «. \? ■
_, SUNDAYS. '.:
WOt MIU Valley and San Kufael-*8:0O. *9>OO
iilooa L '"' Bxu f** ri * » ■*«t»iito»s
Trains marked * run to san Qnentin. ••12i?b
*. m. does net run to Mill Valley. . *«•«•
-■■;;■■•'• THROUGH TBAINB. -
R-nn T" w" and way station*
SSn t' if" Saodays-Caradero and way stationiT
9«0 a. v. Suadftj i-polat Rej ta »uu wwrstauoakSYMPATHY FOR
THEIR COMRADES.
Punishment of Suspension
Not Confined to Lyon
Post.
MEMORIAL DAY LESSON.
Why Many Parents Are Eager
to Send Their Boys
to lone.
BARATEAU IN A DILEMMA.
Has No Idea of Trying to Have Miss
Frankie Lane Elected to
Congress.
Oakland Omcx Ban Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May SL )
Not till yesterday did the members of
the G. A. R. realize the full import of the
punishment inflicted upon Lyon Po3t of
this city by its ninety-day suspension. At
the Santa Cruz encampment the refusal to
Fa: the delegates was looked upon with a
great deal of sympathy by other posts,
bat this was nothing compared to the feel
ing exhibited yesterday in connection
v, ith the Memorial day exercises. Tlie ab
eencQ of Lyon Post was commented upon
end no one regretted its absence more than
the other posts in this cit3\ Nature thins
tiie ranks of the Grand Army each year
and there is an indescribable pleasure de
rived by an old soldier from marching
fide by side with those who once marched
where the s>moke of real war was in their
nostrils. Notning else on earth can supply
this pleasure and the bigger the muster
the greater the cause for mutual congratu
lation.
Yesterday the absence of the members
of Lyon Post caused a sorrow only second
in degree to that felt for those departed
comrades whose graves they strewed with
flowers. There will not be a Grand Army
forever, and, knowing this, the old com
rades rejoice mntually every time they
meet aud march to the tattoo of the drum.
The punishment to Lyon Post was severe,
but it was equally bo to the other posts on
Memorial day. It was hard to be required
to keep out of the march, but it was also
hard to miss the faces which are getting
Less numerous each year. The opinion
was freely expressed that the order of sus
pension would only have tempered charity
with justice had it permitted Lyon Post to
bave taken its rightful place in the line of
march. Before next Memorial day some
members of the absent post may lie be
neath the flowers, and then yesterday's
regrets will be intensified a thousandfold.
A great deal has been said on both sides
regarding the suspension of Lyon Post,
but it is a question of unusual signifi
cance. The post is the oldest one in this
county, and in it is vested tha title- to the
eoldiers' plot at Mountain View. Not a
word of reproach was uttered against those
responsible for the order of suspension, but
taking all the facts into consideration the
j ost has certainly suffered the maximum
punishment for its indiscretion.
A most remarkaDle, but not at all inex
plicable, condition has followed the visit
of an official from lone some months ago.
He came to Oakland with samples of the
■work done by the boys under his charge,
and invited the parents to meet him. It
was a very quiet gathering, and each one
in the audience was dealt with separately
and told how their children were doing
and what they were learning and the mes
sages they sent.
It was the first time anything of the
kind had ever been attempted, and the
impression made by the teacher removed
much prejudice that had existed regarding
the industrial school. This has produced
a desire on the part of many parents to be
rid of the care of these children and so
tiirust their responsibility upon the State.
During the past three months several
parents havo bad their children taken be
fore the superior judges on all manner of
flimsy pretexts and asked that they be
cent to an industrial school. Very few of
the applications, however, have been
granted. In most instances the parents
have been severely reprimanded from the
bench and have been told to do their duty
by their offspring. The knowledge that
their children can be better cared for and
trained at a State institution than in a
home where poverty and indifference can
be found has proved in many instances a
temptation too great to be overcome.
Baron Alfred Baroteau, the well-known
politician and linguist, is greatly sur
. prised at the latest published story regard
ing him. He has been represented in
print as the manager of a campaign in
favor of Miss Frankie Lane, Alameda
County's, independent lawyer and Popu
list orator. It has been stated that if
Miss Lane cannot get the appointment of
clerk to the Chief of Police the Baron
will at once inaugurate a boom for her as
a candidate for Congress. Nobody knows
better than the Baron that no lady can be
elected to Congress tinder present condi
tions. Altb-ough a great believer in all
movements tending to give the suffrage to
women and an earnest worker in the
:ause, he objects seriously to posing as
the champion of the impossible. If the
Baron had his way there would be no
Congressmen. He would fill every seat
iv the National hall of legislation with
women. Baroteau it doing a lot of button
holing in the interest of Miss Lane for
police clerfc, but he emphatically stated
:o-day that he draws the line at making a
Congressional fight at this time. The
Baron fought under Napoleon and has
rescued many people from drowning, for
which he now wears medals, but he has
jiscretion enough to know where valor
ibould cease. S. W. B.
HAMILTON HALL HISTORY.
Rev. Kdnardi Davli I'reaches a Remi-
niscent iSermoii.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 31.-Pvev. Ed
wards DavJs preached to a crowded house
ast night on "A History of Hamilton
Hall." The subject had drawn largely
*om those who revered the name of a
leparted man of distinction and virtue.
The sermon was not only a tribute, but a
:ompari-on of faiths.
The preacher began: "We have as
lembled in a sacred place, a holy house of
Sod, made hallowed by its history. I
nimbly stand where a depaited nobleman
las stood, and after these long intervening
years I speak the praise of one whose
crown was not won from men.
"After a prosperous pastorate a theo
logical difference separated his first con
gregation; then in the year 18G9 followed
the famous trial of Dr. Hamilton, the
ready response of a sympathetic people
and the immediate upbuilding of this
splendid memorial.
"After a ministry here of over a decade
this man that was unliice most men, after
discouragements and disappointments,
before a loyal following, fell in his pulpit,
dead."
The speaker recounted the various suc
cessors of the hall and referred to the line
of ministers that as co-laborers had
preached in this city, mentioning es
pecially the names of Akerly, McLean,
Dille and Coyle.
The State evangelist of the Christian
Church assisted the pastor in raising fully
$500 in pledges yesterday for the support
of the present undertaking and a bright
future seems to be before the congregation.
HUNT OR STARVE.
Condition* on Which High School
Student* O.> Camping.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 31.— Next Satur
day a party of eleven High School lads
and four Stockton boys will leave with two
teams and spend a month in the moun
tains south of Redwood City. The amount
of money to be carried has been limited to
$8, the motive being to make each camper
hunt for his food.
Lads who havo the luxuries of life at
their command and who have never
known what a privation was will be com
pelled to fish and hunt in the hills near
Pescadero in order to subsist. They will
have to make the return trip through a
rough country, getting food in this way.
The party as now formed is as follows:
Ernest Mahar, Duray Smith Jr., Arthur
Baker, Horace Steward, Charles Smiley,
Seymour Phelan. Frank Graham, John
Storms, Philip Gilman, Archie McDonaid
and Thomas J. Thompson. Besides these
there wili be four young men from Stock
ton wiiose names have not yet been an
nounced.
While the jaunt is a High School affair,
there will be a few lads in the party who
are not students at that institution, among
them being members of the Young Men's
Christian Association and two law stu
dents.
FEAST OF THE HOLY GHOST
It Is Celebrated in Oakland by Portu
guese Residents.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 31.— The feast of
the Holy Ghost was celebrated in North
and East Oakland to-day, and in both sec
tions there were very pretty processions.
The services at East Oakland were held
at Nineteenth avenue and East Nine
teenth street, where there was an immense
assemblage of people. The Liberty band
of Oakland supplied the music Fathers
Gloria and Fernandez officiated and deliv
ered eloquent addresses. One hundred
and fifty girls dressed in white and about
two hundred men took part in the exer
cises.
Some little excitement was caused by
the floating of a large Portuguese flagon
property belonging to Manuel Enos.
Lieutenant M. D. Bird and Privates H. F.
Hobson and H. Woodcock of the Boys'
Brigade asked Mr. Enos to take down the
flag and hoist the stars and stripes. After
some discussion the request was granted
and the American nag was hoisted over
the Portuguese colcrs.
At Ternescal Father Serda officiated at
the exercises. About 130 little girls dressed
in white were in the procession and the
attendance was very large.
Ready for a Trial.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 31.— T0-morrow
the first electric cars will be run on the
Laundry Farm Railroad. For several
weeks the change from steam to electricity
has been in progress, and now everything
is ready for the trial trip.
JOHN HULL'S VENTURE,
Rent Became Irksome So He
Decided to Become His
Own Landlord.
Now the Spirit of a Past Age Keeps
Him Company While He
Works and Thinks.
Oakland Office Sax Fkancibco Call,)
90S Broadway, May 31. f
Fortune has not been any too favorable
to John Hull, a shoemaker, and when ho
found tbatalarge proportion of his earn
ing i were paid out monthly for rent he
decided to make a change.
Not long ago Hull was in Alameda and
alongside the power-house of the new
electric road he saw some relics of a by
gone age, when electric-cara were regarded
as dreams and when the one-mule car was
a privilege. They had long since passed
their days of usefulness as horsecars or
cars of any other kind, but tbey were still
strong and the roofs were ti^ht, and al
though the glass was out of the windows
the frames were still there. Hull thought
he could establish a store in one if" he had
it in tijp right locaiity, and he at once set
out to become proprietor of one. There
seemed to be very little choice among
them, but finally Hull decided that No. 3
was the stanchest and lie purchased it for
$10. He rented a piece of vacant lot
where Adeline street runs into San Pablo
avenue and thither he transported his
new store or. an express truck and opened
up for business.
He claims to have the cheapest store in
Oakland.
"This is a remarkable old car," said
Hall, while at work on a half heel. "It is
just full of the past. The old thing must
M twenty-eight years old. Old Theodore
Meeiz operated the road for twenty-five
years and 1 guess that 'Xo. 3' was one of I
the first cars. Till three years ago it was i
the only connection between Alameda j
and Oakland, unless you went a ten-mile j
ride around by the mole. As I sit tapping
at my shoes I think sometimes I can see
some of the old backs that have helped to
rub the paint off the inside. A generation
has pa=sed away since this car was run
out of the shop where it was built, and
after being jolted across the estuary for a
quarter of a century it seems to contain
some of the elements that make a grave
yard hallowed, li isn't the same Oakland
to-day as it was when the paint on these
seats was new, and altogether I think that
an old streetcar is one of the most remin
iscent places in the world."
Richard Wheeler Found.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 31.— Another
mysterious disappearance story was
cleared up to-night. Six weeks ago Rich
ard Wheeler left town su Idenly ami noth
ing was heard of him until yesterday. On
the day he left he was sent to purchase
some goods and failed to return. A letter
was received by the lodging-house keeper,
Mrs. Knapp, yesterdrfy that was written
by Wheeler. He is in Sonoma County,
and promises as soon as he is able to re
turn and see his friends here.
The lodcring-house keeper refused to
divulge tb^e details of his letter. He
was prominently identified with Y. it. ('.
A. work, and jrreat surprise was expressed
at his sudden dropping out.
The children at Bethlehem are told by
their mothers that on Christmas eve a
choir of angels always sing above the place
where Christ was born. Travelers say
that on this evening scores aud some
times hundreds of children may be seen
in the opeu air, looking up into the sky,
waiting to hear the angels sintr.
The ears of the cuttle-fish or octopus are
Jocated in the creature's body, near to the
base of the feelers.
THE SAX FEASTCiSCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1896.
THE MAN WHO LEFT HIS SAVINGS TO CHILDREN.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 31.— George W. Teasdale first landed on this side of the
bay half a century ago. H© moved from Oakland to Los Gatos, and after living
many years died in 1873 and left a will by the terms of which the interest from his
little estate was to purchase candy for school children. His gift was distributed
yesterday. G. W. Teasdale was an Englishman who never married, but throughout
his life he was always the friend of children.
ADVENTISTS IN CAMP,
They Spend Sunday From
Dawn to Dark in Religious
Exercises.
Wheelman Gibbs Reaches New York
After an Easy Journsy From
Alameda.
Yesterday was a successful day at the
Adventist camp-meeting in Alameda.
The worshipers rose at 5 o'clock, re
paired to the large pavilion and united in
a prayer and praise meeting. Tne testi
monies were spirited and earnest. As
many as fifteen to twenty were on their
feet at the same time to express gratitude
and praise for the special blessings of the
previous day— the day observed by the de
nomination as the Sabbatn. At 8 o'clock
family worship was conducted in the
tents.
All gathered under the large tent at 9:30
to listen to the proceedings of the first
meeting of the California Sabbath-school
Association. After devotional exercises,
the secretary of the association presented
her annual financial report. The
total receipts for tne year from the
Sabbath-schools of the conference was
$'JGI6 15, of which $1923 20 was applied to
foreign mission work; $300 was used in
assisting promising young men and women
to obtain an education at the Healdsburg
College; $200 is used annually for the sup
port of a missionary bed at the sanitarium
located at Pt. Helena.
Eider Knox discoursed on how to make
Sabbath-school teachers' meetings profit
able.
Af ler the appointment of the usual com
mittees, the meeting was adjourned to the
call of the chair.
Preaching services followed at 10:30
o'clock. Elder E. E. Andross, professor of
Biblical exegesis and and ancient history
in ti:e Heal isburg College, preached trie
sermon, basing his remarks on Matthew
ii:2B-29: "Come unto me all ye that are
weary and heavy laden, and I will give
you rest."
At the afternoon service the capacity of
the large pavilion was taxed to Us utmost,
there being at least 2000 people present.
Elder R. 8. Owen, superintendent of tne
Los Angeles Conference district, preached
the sermon, his subject being "The New
Covenant."
Twenty ministers of the denomination
were in attendance. Elder A. T. Jones,
editor of the American Sentinel, pub
lished Id New York, will be present from
Wednesday morning to the end of the
meeting.
An Adventlst'g Claim.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 31.— Suit has
been instituted in tne K-corder's Court by
J. L. Beal, through his attorneys*, Tappan
& Simuson, against Mrs. H. Saunders of
the Alameila Hotel, for the return of $1
and the sum of $29y 99 as damages to his
injured feelings and loss of titn . Mrs.
Saunders, who is well known and highly
respected, is exceedingly put out at what
she terms his "unchristian impudence."
She says Mr. Bpal is an Adventist and
came over from San Francisco last Sun
day, with hid wife and child, and
inquired if he could have a room as he was
attending the Aiiveatist conference. She
showed him one and a bargain was struck,
whereby he was to have use of the room
for $4 for a fortnight. He said he had a
tent on the camp grounds on Buena Vista
avenue, but he was frightened by the
weather. Mrs. Saunders wanted him to
take the room tnen a and there and pay for
it, but he said he wSulct pay if I deposit and
return not later than Wednesday, pay the
balance and take possession. He did not
keep his appointment, and on Thursday
evening, he nol having turned up in the
meantime, Mrs. Snunders let the room to
another Adventist, named Sibson, from
Los Angeles. She claims she could have
let the rooms three times over, but kept
them for Beal. After giving him a day's
grace she reckoned he had determined to
use his tent, though she thought he might
have had the courtesy to tell her of his
intention.
Now she has laid the whole case before
the elders of the camp meeting as num
bers of tbe Adventists are siding with her
in the matter and Mr. Bual may be called
upon to explain his conduct.
Grand Army Exorcises.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 31.— Joe Hooker
Post No. 11, G. A. X., marched to the park
yesterday morning and unfurled "Old
Glory" half-mast, when Judge A. B. Hunt
delivered a short speech appropriate to
the occasion. It afterward journeyed to
Oakland to tafce part in the ceremonies in
cidental to the annual decoration of the
graves of their dead comrndes. In the
evening a free public entertainment was
given in Linderman Opera-house.
Lost His Foot.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 31. — A man
named Fred G. Schroeder, living at 892
Union street and working for F. N. Dela
noy, met with an accident this morning.
H e was unloading a wagon of electric light
DOIM at the corner of Central avenue and
Paru street, when in some manner his
right letr got fixed underneath the poles,
ilis right ankle was crushed. The foot
was amputated yesterday at Fabiola Hos
pita 1, Oakland.
Gibbs Keachea Now York.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 31.— A. W. J.
Gilbs, who left Alameda nine months ago
on a wheel to make a trip across the con
tinent, has reached New York City. Mr.
Gibbs has taken tne journey very leis
urely, stopping at various placns on the
way where he has lectured on the advan
tages of California and done hi 3 best to
advertise the resources of the State.
■\Vhat Do You Call It?
The inability of the Englishmen to ap
preciate American humor ia proverbial.
This was the subject of conversation be-
tween a German and an American in the
lobby of the Continental Hotel yesterday
afternoon. Said the American: "I once
told the Englishmen about the enormous
trees out in California, and about one in
particular, which was so tall that it took
two men to see to the top. The English
man never saw the joke." Imagine the
American's consternation when the Ger
man exclaimed hotly : "Choke! You call
dot a choke? I call dot a tarn lie!"— Phil
adelphia Record.
Colonel North and the Shareholders.
"To tho last, says a writer in Tne
Sketch, "alt liout'h reveling in wealth,
Colonel North retained the rugged man
ners of the artisan, and those who were
present at the famous meeting of the Lon
donderry mine, when he had to face an
angry crowd of shareholders who regarded
themselves as defrauded, will not readily
forget how he hurled at the meeting a
great number of share-certificates, in
order to show how absolute was
hi.} proposed restitution. The roll
struck a reporter on the top of the head,
and the enraged srribe at once seized on it
and sent it hurtling back to the 'platform,
within an inch of the colonel's ear. That
was the sort of incident that pleased him
beyond measure, for the meetings of his
companies were surely the most uncon
ventional assemblies of the kind ever held.
His manner was so brusque that the usual
amenities of civilization were forgotten in
his presence, and, after he had bullied a
meeting through the business of the day,
it was frequently the case that nobody felt
sufficiently grateful to propose the usual
vote of thanks. But the colonel would
never be balked of his dues. "Well, now,"
he would shout, "who's going to propose a
vote of thanks to me? I shan't leave this
chair, you know, without a vote of thanks.
Come "along, now, some of you, and givo
me mv vote of thanks!"
SHIED AT FLYING STEAM.
Serious Accident on the Webster-
Street Drawbridge Caused
by an Engine.
The Timely Stopping of the Train
Undoubtedly Prevented
Loss of Life.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, May 31. »
Had not the narrow-gauge train from
San Francisco at 2:30 this afternoon been
brought almost to a standstill there would
have been a serious accident.
A family named Rawson, consisting of
the father and four children, was driving
across Webster-street bridge as the narrow
gauge train was approaching Oakland.
Some escaping steam frightened the large
iron-gray horse and he kicked and reared
and plunged, exposing to imminent dan
ger the occupants of the wagon.
The engineer saw the predicament and
shut off the steam, but the animal was so
thoroughly excited that the moving train
continued to frighten him. He threw over
the wagon and some of the occupants were
landed on the bridge. It was seen that a
fatality was certain unless the animal was
quieted, so t;;e train was slowed down.
By that timo the horse had kicked one
wheel off ana hud ditched the wagon, but
beyond a severe shaking up no damage
was done to the family. The wagon was
too badly broken up to continue the jour
ney, and after leading the horse off the
bridge the train again moved uptown.
Some men rendered very signal aid in re
straining the horse and showed a good
deal of bravery.
THROWN TWICE IN A DAY.
Colonel Watkinson Meets With
an Accident in a
Canyon.
While Being Brought to Town With
a Broken Leg His Horses
Run Away.
Oakland Office Sa>" Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 31. J
Colonel Watkinson, superintendent of
the Contra Costa Water Company, was
thrown from his horse in Bollinger can
yon, near Haywards, this afternoon and
his left leg was broken above the ankle.
As he was being brought into town the
horses bolted and be was again thrown
into the road.
Mr. Watkinson was riding through
Bollinger canyon on horseback when his
horse missed bis step. Becoming fright
ened, he reared and threw his rider with
great force. Watkinson's leg was cut as
well as broken. As he was lying in the
road, Henry Peters rode up with hi 3 team
and lifted the injured man into his wagon.
As Peters approached Hay wards tne pole
of his wagon broke and his horses ran
away. They flew into Haywards, and, as
they entered Main street, the vehicle was
turned over and Colonel Watkinson was
again thrown into the road. He was car
ried into a near-by druastore, and, a doctor
beins sent for, the injured limb was at
tended to.
The Colonel is one of the most active
men in the management of the Contra
Costa Water Company and is known as an
expert horseman. Owing to Im serious
injuries he will be conuned to his home
ior several weeks. He met with no further
accident whiie being brought to his borne
on Merrimac stieet.
TEREDOES BUSY
AT THE BATHS.
The Destructive Creatures
Not Contented With
the Bay.
LURLINE TANKS VISITED
Submerged Steps and Scantlings
Completely Hcney-
Combed.
THBIVE IN THE WARM WATER
All Woodwork Being Now Replaced
by Bronze, So the Pests Will
Have to Go.
The destructive teredo has been quietly
getting into the submerged wooden stepa
and staging at the Lurline baths.
This tenacions little wood-eater, after
traveling half a dozen miles through an
iron pipe and being warmed with the
water for the baths to a temperature of
nearly 80 degrees, commences his bor
ing and soon has all the woodwork com
pletely honeycombed.
All the wooden stairs and timbers sup
porting the chutes and slides at the baths
are beinor replaced by bronze, so the little
wood-eater will soon be without his means
of subsistence. An old wooden stairway
that had recently been removed from the
tank was examined yesterday. The wood,
although it had been coated with paratline
and appeared on the surface to be per
fectly Eound, when gently pried with a
penknife readily crumbled, and the in
terior was disclosed, all but the thin par
titions between the holes having been
eaten away.
When lirst examined it was thought not
to be a teredo because it had cut not with
the grain, but through it. It is commonly
supposed that teredoes work with the grain
of the wood, because in piles, where they
are almost exclusively observed, their bor
ings are up and down. Some of those who
examined the woodwork at tne baths,
therefore declared that the trouble had not
been caused by teredoes, but by another
species of crustaceans called limnoria.
Howard C. Holmes, chief engineer of
the Harbor Commissioners, who is per- |
haps as well acquainted with the teredo
and its allies as anybody in this City,
when questioned yesterday in regard to
this rnischevious pest, said:
"Although 1 have not examined the
wood at the Lurline baths, from the de
scription I have no doubt the pests are
teredoes. The fact that they bored
through the grain does not prevent their
being teredoes. In standing piles the
cavities generally run longituuinally, but
ttiis 13 not because the teredo worKs with
the grain of the wood, but becauss it al
ways works upward. In the wooden steps
at the baths one would naturally look to
I tind the tubes through the grain, because
this would be the perpendicular direction
in which the teredo builds.
"Tho reason the teredoes at the baths
have not built sued large tubes as tfcose in
the bay is because they bave not had so
much wood to work on and nave worked
so fast that they have eaten out all the
wood before they have reached their
growth. The rapidity with which they
have multiplied and eaten out the wood is
due probably to the warmth of the water,
for in warm water they grow much more
quickly than in cold water. Thus in the
waters of the tropics the destruction
caused by these pests is much greater than
here.
"It is a mistake to suppose that it is the
limnoria that is causing the trouble. The
limnoria works from the outside and their
work can be detected upon sight."
Suicide of an Abuned Horse.
Hundreds of employes in the yards of
the American Steel Barge Company wit
nessed a singular occurrence. A bony,
played-out old bay horse walked into the
shallow water in the slip known a3 How
ards Pocket nnd slowly moved further out
into the deeper water, unmindful of the
shouts and missiles of the spectators on
the shore. When in about three feet of
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleslde Track.
In races whore tbe borses have no record » t Uie distance to bu run tbe records at the next nearest
distance are plven.
ADbrevlntlons— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
— . — . _______——————__ — •——
LAURENCE YIOTT,
LaliiljlMr/ ILtUiiil,
. Auctioneer and Commission rierchant,
Office 609 and 610 Spreckels Eldg., 927 Market.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
THIS DAY. .
Of Elegant Drawing-room, Parlor. Library, Cham-
ber and Dining-room Furniture: Klegant Pictures,
Bric-a-brac and Body Brussels Carpets.
Parlor Set made to order;, COM $-50; Elegant
French-plate Mantel Mirror: KU-Rant. odd pieces
of Parlor Furniture; Point Lace Curtains, Magniri-
ccni .Mahogany chamber buit.with Cheval French-
plate Mirror Dressing-case, cos; £326; Carved Oiifc
Chamber Suits: While Cnrled-hair Mattresses:
Fine Bedding: Elegant Hall Stand; Elegant Din-
Ing-room suit In French Walnut; Chairs Up-
holstered in Turkey Morocco: Chinaware, Glass-
ware; Body Brussels Carpets; Fancy Rugs;
Gran i Range, with water back, and an immense
quantity of useful Household Furniture too nu-
merous to mention.
THIS DAY,
Monday June 1, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
1416 CXJ-A.75T STREET
Bet. '.Washington' anil Clay.
LAURENCE VINCENT, Auctioneer.
ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Antique and Modern High Art
419 KEABNY ST.
THIS DAY.
Monday ....Juno 1, 1896,
AT 2 P.M.
More than 100 cases of new (roods ex 8. 8. China,
opened and now on sale, consisting of every kind
of Japanese and Oriental goods, including Rags of
every size, Antique Bronzes, Kagu Satsuma, Awata,
Cloisonne, Blshue, Kochi, etc., etc.
Two elegant presents given to the ladles dally
attending the sale at 2 p. m. Chairs for the ladles.
F. T. KEELAR. Auctioneer.
water the poor animal cast one wistful
look around, then deliberately put its
head under water and held it there until
life was extinct. In a short time after this
the owner, a peddler, appeared upon the
scene aud almost committed suicide him
self when he learned of the astonishing
deed of hi 3 four-footed servant. The
horse, it is said, had been poorly fed and
overworked. — Superior dispatch in Chicago
Times-Herald.
OLD ARABIAN ART.
Successful Efforts of a Commission in
Preserving It.
It is more than twelve years since the
Times drew attention (July 30, 1883) to tha
excellent manner in which the then newly
founded "Commission for the Preservation
of the Monuments of Arab Art" had set
about its important duties. The annual
reports published by tho committee, and
the testimony of numerous artists and
travelers have informed the public from
time to time that the work has not stood
still; that the commission has not relaxed
its efforts to preserve the mosques and
private buildings of medieval Cairo, and
that, on the whole, its energy has been
tempered with discretion.
A recent detailed inspection of its more
important labors has strongly confirmed
this favorable impression. There can be
no doubt that the commission fully
realizes its responsibility as guardian of
monuments, and has succeeded in doing
a very valuable work in spite of much
difficulty and opposition — work which has
never yet been adequately recognized or
supported, but for which artists and
archaeologists, to say nothing of the mere
lovers of the beautiful, should be grateful
for many generations to come.
But for the watchful care of the commis
sion many of the most interesting monu
ments of Cairo would now have fallen,
either by natural decay, aided by neglect,
or by the rude hand of the modern street
improver who, within memory, has cut a
mosque in two or demolished a mediaeval
palace for no better reason than tbe cor
rect alignment of a hideons new boule
vard. These things cannot be done now;
they become impossible since the monu
ment commission began to exercise its
legal power to prohibit the smallest inter
ference with a historical monument.
That veto has been firmly used during
the past twelve years, and the negative
work of restraining the destroyer and
warding off the predatory collector "has been
supplemented by the positive work of
repairing decay and counteractine the ef
fects of time and weather. The result of
much patient labor and vigilance may be
briefly stated. The Arab monuments of
Cairo are now in a far better condition
than they were a dozen years ago; decay,
which once seemed as inevitable as fate
itself, has heen arrested; as far as can be
determined, no monument of importance
has been allowed to grow more ruinous,
but on the other hand, many mosques
have been put in a thoroughly safe condi
GEO. F. LAHSOI AUCTIONEER.
Office— 410 Knamr Street.
__ . THIS DAY,
Monday.. ......; June 1, 1300,
. .. n _~_ at U o'clock A. H.,
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
on the premises, '
1115 iolsom St., Corner Langton,
GRAND a STOCK
of fresh Staple Groceries, Wines and Liquors. By
order of C. Tiedemann, 1 will sell his entire first-
class stock of seasonable Groceries, comprising
Flour, Sugar, Coffee, Tea, Oils, Rice* assorted Can
Goods, Soap, Bacon, Hams. Spices. Sardines, Break-
fast «ems, Candles, Jellies, Jams, Lara, Starch;
also Wines and .Liquors in giass, (Syrups, Cordials,
Crockery, Glassware, Wooaenware, Ironware, etc.
Also contents of Bar, Bar Furniture, etc., with
grand Coffee Mill. The above choice stock will
be offered as a whole at commencement oi sale, and
lr'not so sold will be retailed out In lots to suit buy-
ers. Open for inspection from 8 o'clocs morning
of sale. •> : x ■
__. ■ GEO. F. LAMSON. Auctioneer.
PAVILM AUCTION HOUSE,
. 319-331 Sutter St., Above Grant Aye.
AT SALESROOM TO-DAY.
MONDAY, June 1, 1896, at 10:30 a. m., I will
sell the complete furnishings of a 40- room lodging-
house and 3 private house*, consisting of a large
line of Parlor Upholstery, Mirrors, Bric-a-brac aud
Pictures, an enormous line of Bedroom Sets In oak,
walnnt and mahogany, Three-quarter Beds, Odd
Bureaus, Bedding, Sideboards, Extension-tables,
Chairs, Desks, Bookcases, Couches, Bed-lounges,
Rags, Stoves, Crockery. Glassware, Carpets, Lino-
leum, etc. S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
Note— The attention of dealers and house-
keepers in general is called to this s\le, as these
goods will be sold without limit or reserve to make
room for other consignments. - '
L H. BUD, AUCTIONEER,
Office and. Warehouse, 211 larkln St.
WII.I. SELL, THIS -DAY,
Monday.. June 1, 1896
AT 11 A. 11., • ■
823 O'FARRELL STREET,
The Fine Furniture of Private Residence of 8
rooms, consisting of Odd Pieces Parlor Furniture
Oak, Walnnt and Cherry Bedroom Sets, Fine Car-
| pets.Bed-lounges, Sofas, Curtains. Oak Dinina; Table
1 and Chairs, Chiffonier and Kitchen Furniture.
■ This is a fine lot of goods and on account of im-
; mediate departure I am Instructed to sell without
i limit or reserve. L. 11. BURP. Auctioneer.
tion and a few have been or are being com
pletely restored.
Comparing the state of the mosques in
1883 and now there is very little to regret,
but much to be thankful for; and the body
to which we are indebted for the present
state of preservation of mediaeval Cairo is
solely the "comite de conservation dea
monuments de l'art Arabe."—Correspon
dence London Times.
IS FAR AWAY SIAM.
How George Washington's Birthday Wai
Celebrated at Bangkok.
As briefly stated in our last, Saturday
being the one hundred and sixty -fourth
anniversary of the birth of Washington,
was specially observed at the American
egation, for the first time in the memory
of American residents, although at home
it is a general holiday. The legation was
specially decorated for the occasion, tho
American ensign and a portrait of Wash
ington being prominent features. In the
evening Mr. Barrett, as the United States
Minister, held a reception, at which prac
tically all the American community were
present. At intervals during tho evening
patriotic son^s were sung, or short rive
minute speeches made on the subject of
the day, the rest of the time being plea
santly occupied in conversation.
The first song was "Columbia, Gem of
the Ocean," after which the Rev. Dr. E. P.
Dunlap spoke briefly on Washington's
life. The Misses Cooper, Bates and Dun
lap sang a humorous trio, and the Rev.
J. A. Eakin spoke of Washington and the
cherry-tree incident. "The Star-Spangled
Banner" was next sung. Mr. Barrett then
spoke of the approaching departure of
Mrs. Hays and expressed the kind wisnes
of the American community for her jour
ney and safe return, Dr. Hays responding
on ncr behalf. Mr. Barrett again arose to
say a few words of welcome to the new
comers, mentiuning especially Miss bow
man, the lady doctor," whose arrival, he
said, was an innovation upon local mis
sionary work. Miss Bowman herself re
sponded in a few words anticipative of the
interesting nature of the work before her.
Another song, "Hail, Columbia," was
then sung, and the Rev. F. L. Suyder
spoke on Washington as the "Father of
His Country." Miss L. A. Cooper next
recited an original poem on "Martha
Washington," after which a short musical
sketch in character was given by the
Misses Bates, Cole (Martha Washington),
and Dunlap (Pocahontas), and Dr. G.
MacFarland (Washington), the costumes
being those worn in Washington's time.
"Auld Lang Syne" concluded the pro
gramme in time for supper. Dr. S. G.
MacFarland afterward spoke on "Wash
ington As the Ideal American," and was
followed by several comments from vari
ous members of the party, after which
"Home, Sweet Home," and "America"
were sung.
Three cheers tor the President and for
the homeland concluded this distinctively
Washington-day gathering, . which, "al
though the first of its kind in Bangkok, is
not likely to be the last by many. — Siam
Observer.
* — «—« — • — : ■ .
The average number of working days in
a year in various countries is as follows:
In Russia, 267; in Britain, 278; in Spaiq,
200; in Austria, 295; in Italy, 20S; in Ba
varia and Belgium. .300; in Saxony and
France, 302; in Denmark, Norway and
Switzerland, 303; in Prussia, 305; in Hol
land and North America, 30S, and in Hun
gary, 312.
♦ — ♦ — • .; • •
A German made a cup of common pep
percorns, which holds 1200 other ivory
cuds, with a handle to each, all gilt on the
edges, with room for 400 more.
1 {y^^^^^^p, ij
ilitepepl
pgfisg
A smart Broadway, New
/ A York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it , any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his ' clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one; of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ; - .
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has .
such a .motto ; as that.
Dr.jGibbon's Dispensary,
J3^|gh [ |||G25 KEABSY ST. > Established
fill , »i3*i» '*■"** *" r the treatment of Private
JHLw"V&i% Dise»i3>>s, Lost Manhood. Debility or
okkJU disease wearing bodyandmindftnd
- Ij^MgHHflul SSkin Diseases. The doctorcures when
jHD«g| others fail. Try him. Charges low.
/.NiSJIUtSISJ Ciir<-<<-iiar;inti'i'<l. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. 1". olUlti>>, ISox I'Jdr.Sau Jt'raudsco.
II12
SERVICES AT ST, MARY'S
Held in Commemoration of the
Feast of the Holy
Trinity.
A First Communion of Children and
Special Sermon by Father
A. M. Clark.
In the Catholic churches yesterday Trin
ity Sunday was characterized by but few
specially solemn features.
At St. Mary's there was a children's first
coninmnion at 7:30 a. m., and at 11 a. m.
Father Arthur M. Clark preached upon
"Ctiristian Unity."
His sermon, hearing special reference to
the day, was delivered at the early masses
and occupied only five minutes.
1 Having placed before us," he said, "the
great myteries of our redemption and
sanctification the church to-day directs
our attention to the first great mystery of
religion— the mystery of the Trinity— one
God and three divine persons. One God,
eternal, incomprehensible, omnipotent, in
finite, in al] his attributes and at the same
time three persons having one and the
same nature, equal in all things,
in perfection, glory and majesty —
the Father, the Son and the Holy
Ghost. We cannot comprehend tnis mys
tery, for it surpasses our understanding.
We know it not ot ourselves, but by the
light of faith, the revelation of God, and
yet to know and firmly believe it means
life everlasting and is necessary to its at
tainment. 'He that is a searcher of
majesty shali be overwhelmed by glory,' I
nevertheless the invisible things of him
from the creation of the world are clearly ;
hp. n. beinc understood by the things that ',
are made: His eternal power, also, and
divinity," and it is after the ima^e and
liken- S3 of God, one in essence and three
in person, that we are created. 'Let us
.: make man to our iraane and likeness,' ana f
tlii/ saulof man was created one in being i
with the threefold power of memory, un- i
■'demanding and free will— placed a little
below the angels, as it is written, 'Thou ,
hast made him a little less than the
aiieels.'
"The understanding with which God has
endowed man is as a light— the light^of thy ]
conn tena nee, O Lord, is signed upon us—
by which ne know< and comprehends the
truth; it could hardly be made without
some knowledge of that being by whom it j
called into existence. The human j
soul needs no proof of God's existence, lor j
taught by reason it cannot doubt; and
when illumined by revelation it is brought
into immediate communion with its
maker, who in the highest sense is its be
ginning and its end, God is everything. ;
He lias in himself all realities, all powsr, j
all truth, all goodness, all beauty. He is j
the illumination of the intellect and the
object of its vision, at the same time the
iigbt by which it sees. He is the sovereign i
goodness, the only true object of the affec
tion, the only real resting-place of tne |
creature's heart.
"His beauty when revealed attracts and i
trans-forms the soul, produces in the ere- j
aied the likeness of the uncreated. And •
man was made to give praise to the power, :
wi-dom and virtue which have been mag
nified in His visible works. As the sun
pours down its beams and opens in varied .
colors all the beauties of the universe and
the eye alone sees them, so the splendor of j
the divine perfections shines in all crea- j
tares of God, yet the spirit of man alone ;
perceives them. How fearful is his power! j
How incomprehensible his intelligence!
How overwhelming his beauty, '0 the |
depth of the riches, of the wisdom and of
the knowledge of God! How in compre
hensible are his judgments and how in
searchable his ways!'
"But we were made to serve God as well
a- to know him, and there is a greatdiffer
ence between knowing and serving. There
are thousands of men who know God well
enough, but are far from serving him.
we must serve him in humility.
•What will it avail thee to discourse pro
idly of the Trinity if throng!) want of
humility thou be so disagreeable to the
Trinity?' Humility of mind and heart is
the most agreeable homage man can pay
to God. 'Heaven is my throne and '.lie
earth my footstool. My hand made all
things, but to whom shall I have respect
but to him who is poor and little and of a
contrite spirit and that tremblet i at my
words?' How can we be otherwise than
humble if we realize to him is due glory
fo. ever, -For of him, and by him, and in
him are all things.' "
UNION-SQUARE MARKET.
The Model Establishment to Be
Erected on Powell
Street.
Conversion of Central Market Into a
Lace House — Historic
Memories.
Very soon San Francisco mil have a
model market. It will be located on the
west side of Powell street, north of O'Far
. reil. The imildins which is to be a two
3tory and basement brick, will cost, ex
clusive of the interior equipments, $:Jio,ooo.: J io,ooo.
The lessees are Messrs. B. Miller, B. M.
Atcliinson, J. V. Vermeil, Joseph Mar
shal, Dean R. Avery, Jules Le Maitre, J.
Hertz & Go., H. A. Rosenbaum, M. J. Kelly
& Co., Stephens & Co., Adam Karl, and
Darbee it, Immel.
Ihese persons, with others, are now in
business at the old Center Market on the
southeast corner of SuUer street and
Grant avenue, which is soon to be vacated
and converted into a fashionable dry
goods establishment to be occupied by D.
Samuels, the proprietor of the Lace House,
now at 128 Post street. The story of the
change involves some old historic associa
tions.
The old Occidental Market was formerly
located upoti the site of the Hobart build
ing, where are now the general orhces of
the Southern Facitic Company, at the
northeast corner of Market and Montgom
ery streets. This place also used to be the
home of the Olympic Club.
In June. 1X74, the market removed to
the new building erected for it, on Sutter
street, by Charlie Peters, who leased the
land from the late James Pheian.
For the accorunioiiatioi: of the San Fran
cisco Verein a second story was sub
sequently added. Two years ago the
club removed to its new home, corner of
J'o-t and Leavenworth streets, since which
time its old quarters have remained va
cant. In 1894, upon the expiration of the
lease, the title to the property reverted to
Mrs. Frank J. Sullivan, the daughter of
James Pheian.
The lease of the building to D. Samuels
wilU it is expected., be signed to-day and a
■'•formal notice will then be served upon the
tenants of the market, giving them four
months in wnich to vacate. Then the old
buildiiig will be remodeled and improved
at the i expense. of. the owners so »s to suit
the husiness requirements of the new
tenant, . . ■ , A
The construction of the new market on
Powell street wiJI then be commenced and
hurried to completion. A lease fo? ten
years a* $13,200 a year will be taken by the
syndicate mentioned and it will be fitted
w-ith all modern conveniences. The lot, a
SO vara is owned by George D. Toy, the
rp«l estate man. It wiil have a frontai-e
of 6* feet 9. inches and a depth of 137^
' e vVitb its L. the building, a two-story
brick witft first story 20 feet high and the
second story 50 feet deep, will make a con
tinuous market, extending southerly from
Powell to O'-t'arrell street.
Plan 3 for the new market, which will
probably be called the Union-square Mar
ket, are now beinc arawn by the archi
tects, Herman _ Swain.
It will be lighted in the rear by sky
lights and will be illuminated by both gas
and electricity. A few rooms in the upper
story will be let for offices. It is the inten
tion of the syndicate, who will manare
the new market and sublet the stalls and
restaurants, to have a model establish
ment.
The first races at Epsom were com
menced about 1771. The first race for the
Derby was in 17*0. won by Dioraed.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caii~
?10 Market street, open until 12 c clock everj
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
gW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opei
antil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
110 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS. \
jttßs* SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER V"
iS~£' No. 1, Royal ,\rch Masons, meets.^%^ i
THIS EVENING for business. 152?
H. O. PRINCE, secretary. 'V N j
_f-—K» OCCIDENTAL LODUE No. 22, •
B^®' F. and A. M. — Stated meeting _ji~_^
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, June 1.-TSJT
at 8 clock. ' ~«^ x
EDW. F. DELGER, Secretary.
■rag- HERMANN LODGE NO 127, F. ■ i
Etuis' and A. M.— Stated meeting THIS m J\ m
DAY (Monday), June 1, 1896. at 8 o'clock ~K_3~
p. _. By order of the W. M. 'V^
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
lf_^_?» CALIFORNIA lodge NO. -_iiyy_-
_— ? 1.1.0.0. F., will elect officers iwSSS^r
TO-NIGHT, June 1.
WM. C. RILEY, N. G. -^//IN^
G. W. Datvalt, Sec.
B_— FRANCO-AMERICAN <^^^_v. .
H?^ Lodge No. 207. I. O. O. F.— The
officers and members are requested to ~?5v5^~~~ 1
meet nt their hall, WED .ESDAY, -^//"^ <
June 3, 1896, at 1:30 P. M.. to a- tend the funeral '
of our late brother. FRANK I DA,
TH. SCHABIAGUE, N. G.
R. I AVIONE, Sec. ;
c?^3V» POHONACHEE TRIBE NO. <?\
CF^ 10 Improved O. R. M.-Memo-rs^k.
are notified to attend the next council ______>■
MONDAY. June 1. Elecion or officers will be held. I
W. NUTTALL, Sachem.
M. Campbell. C. of R. . j !
■Psp~ REV.. I. Q. A. HENRY WILL LECTURE
St^" at Metropolitan Temple. MONDAY. June
1, at 8 i l . M., under the auspices of No. 118 — O.
L. : subject, "lerils to American Protestantism." '
H_^s= NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEET. ;
Sees' ing— Pacific Coaa: Jockey Club. Notice is
hereby. Riven that a meeting of the stockholders 1 ,
of the I'aciflc Coast Jockey Club, a corporation,
will be held on TUESDAY', the Jil day of June,
1896, at hour of 11 a. m.. a' the office of the ,
company. Parlor A, Palace Hotel, in the City and ,
County of San Francisco, State of California, for I ,
the purpose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year and transacting such other business
as may legally come before the meeting.
A. B. SPRECKELS, President.
W. S. Leaks. secretary.
San Francisco. Cal., May 15. 1896.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Bf^S* NOTICE— PART OF THE PRIZK TICK- j
&<& ets has been missine of the Retail Fruit and
Poultry Dealers' Association, at their picnic held
In San Jose yesterday, therefore all dona ors are 1
kindly requested to keep their donations until «!ti-
plica'.'e prize tickets are issued by Hie association.
By order of the COMMITTEE.
Ks> CoFFiSY'S COLLECTION CO.. 235 j
BF-^ Kearny St.. ejects bad- tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364.
H__3y 3 BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4: '
»--» collections made, city or country. Pacific j
Collection Co.. 415 Montirv s"t.. room (5. Tel. sjBi).
SITUATIONS IVANT_I»-F_MA__.
VTEAT YOUNg"fRfTnC'H (URL DESIKES SIT- ,
L.N uution at housework: $lf>; references; or as '■
nnrae. MISS CULLEN, 328 Sntter. j
BB^T HELP SECURED AT MRS. LAM- |
BERT'S, 306 Mason si.
pi FINED YOUNG LADY. OVER 20, -WANTS
XV home and light work in nice family: very liuht
compensation expected. Address L. C, box 99,
Call Office.
MAL,LC'rRL WANTS A PLACE FOR PLAIN
light he vork. Call 318 Brannan st. for two j
flays. i
LDERLY WOMAN WANTS A SITUATION; !
is a good, plain cook anrt laundress: city o
country; wages no object. Address T., box 9. Call
DESPEC r_B_E WOMAN WANTS UK N h Ra L
Xl housework, plain cooking, washing or lake
care ot child in small family. Call or address 810
Howard st. '
pOMPETKNT NUI'.SE DESIRES A PLACE:
V has u'ood city reference; will go into the coun-
try. :-!13 Jessie st. j
\V OMAN "DESIRES A SITUATION TO DO j
»» general houseworic: no objections to children;
is good plain cook. 313 Jessie st. ■
p ERW A N WOM A N W A NTS WORK BY THE i
VI i!av; washing, ironing or house or ofhee '
cleaning. Call or address 612 Mlnnajsu
TTOT7NO GIRL W %N 1 sru Do LIGHT HOUSE-
-1 work and plain cooking. Call or address 257
Tehama su, off Fourth. j
OUSKKi EPER~WISHES A SITUATION; ;
country preferred. 148 - xtfa st., room 66.
\Y"a> 1 KI— THK LAUNDRY WORK OF _
'» restaurant; satisfaction ; good re f- j
erence. Address D. T.. box 29, Call Office.
A MIDDLE-AGED WOM'aTT WISH B B SITU-
A atiou to assist with light honsrwork and care
of children: small wa«es. 264 V 2 Tehama St.
\\r OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY I
»» washing or cleaning. Call 919 Natoma st.
TrOUNG WOMAJN WANTS HOUSECi.EAN- i
1 ing, wasiiing or ironing by the day. 448 Na- j
toma St., lirst floor. |
VOUXG SWEDISH GIRL DESIRES HOUSE- j
1 work byttreday: sleep at home. 742 Folsom |
sU, between Thir I and Fourth. ;
E XPERIENCErT" SEA—STREBB WISHES !
"situation: city references. Call or address i
2505 V. Mission st. |
TNVALID'S NURSE— COMPETENT REFINED I
Jl Datiisli Kirl desires si! nation to wait oa lady or
care for invalid; lir-it-class references. Address
1607 California st.
/ IXBMAN i ; I IIL DESIRES SI TUATION AS I
VJ chambcnuKid: good seamstress: city refer- [
ences. Call at 126 Fourth st., room 3.
pOLORED GIRTi WANTS PI.ACF.~FOR GEN-
\_-' eral housework. Call 1130 Pacific, lower flat. I
SITUATION WANTED BY I~ TT~D~~~~aTTT7d !
woman to do chamberwurK 'jt liitht house- I
keeping: wages $15 to $20. M. W., boi 4*2, C_L
VJ BAT, REXJABLE A^OMAN vV A NTS A FTJR-
— ' nished house or rooms to take care of in ex-
change for living rooms. 1., box 1 1 8, Call Ollice.
i) RT:siP_CTA"BLr; STOUKG SWISS GIRLS, 21
— • and 23. pood conks, want situations in private j
fanii ics; good references: wa^es not under $25.
I'lca.HP call or address Monday and Tuesday, E. D.,
4134 Nineteenth St., near Castro.
M" IIiDLE-AGKIT" WOM \ X WOULD ~~LTkT~
housfworK in siuall family. 733KCIementina. j
lir A X 1 ED— B ITU ATIO N BY COMPET K NT j
• ' woman: i;oo(l cook and lauidru ss: willing to ;
do general housfwork. 33 Itups St.
GE It.MAN (i I KL W I.SH ES POSITION";
chumberwork or light housework. J., box 46,
Call oilier
ST X " N LiTiS DUSTRIOUS, HONfTsITwOMAN
wants situation in hotel or board ing-liouse or
In the count;y : is willing to work. Address A. D.,
box 37. Call Oflice.
ADY ~WI~HES SITUATION AS HOUSE- j
keeper or charge of rooming-house; ai.so situa-
tion for daughter, need 15, as i)urs<'(.'irl or light
huusework in family of man and wife. Call for 2
day* 1031 Market st., room 10, top floor.
I VKESSMAKEIt, FIRST (LABS, WISHES EN- I
XJ gacement by the day or take work at home;
terms -fl 25 a day; suits made from $3 up. Call
405 a .Minna St., near Sixth.
1" ""but -atl~s~~lTrman lady desires po-
.- sition in widower's family or by an ai;efl couple;
uMii- Is suvitig and unilerstands hnusekeeping,
s°wmg and cooking thoroughly. Address E. E.,
box 82, Call Office.
I VOC-Nli LADY, A STANFORD STUDENT,
X would iikn ]>osition as governess for the snm-
m»r; boat of retneooea. For particulars address
A. L. BR iWN. 413 Eddy st
j~~ !_ I'i . 1 I N I. K*E_~A~ir.K WOMAN WITH
\. c i!il 8 n:onths old wants situation on a ranch
to do cooking and houHework. AdUress L. ( box
U Otlice.
SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN WANTS POSI-
O tion to do auy kind of light work. Address S.
B. A., box 58, Call Office.
\\r a"nt_d— position as housekeeper,
»* companion or nurse to a lady; domesticated
and fond of children. Address B. 8., box 73, Cull.
E~ I~DERLY~A.MERICAN WOMAN wTsil is
hnusework and cooKitig for small family; no
Objectio-i locouu'.ry. Call 2XO El»-vi ntli st.
/1 1 . B 1A S )•. U I'iX)YMENJ OFFICK; BEST
VJT helD secured. MKS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason.
ITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGKD
woman to care for elderly lady or gentleman,
or as housekeeper or child's nurse; none but re-
fined parties need apply: best ot references given;
city or country. Address Prescott House, corner
Kearny and Pacific sts.
yOUXO WIDOW FROM NEW ORLEANS
A with a child wishes a housekeeper's pos tion or
some light work to da Please call 917 Market st.,
room 18.
VOUXG LADY WISHES" ~PLA~CE IN P R I-
-1 vate family: rrspectable Jewish family pre-
ferred. Call 448 Natoma St., near Mxth.
"Finches . er house. 44~thTrd bt.. nr.
»• Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 6u per night:
$1 50 tos6per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to aud from the ferry.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
/-VERMAN^ WOMAN WANTS WORK BY 'THE
It day; washing, ironing and cleaning. 358
Eleven Ih st.
V~JUNG LADY RECENTLY FROM THE
X East desires plain sewing and mending by the
day. Room 8. 472 Stevenson st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
UNT_B A CO., CHIN»_C iAPANESB
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
Yal'A INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. , 413
J Stevenson St., bet. Fifth and Sixth. __^_
OHIN_SK~AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J othce: best help. 4141-2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
PEKINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
Lhelp; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY 640 Clay.
I~y e.G. COOK'S *.»''. sUPPLihS COOKS: ALL
, branches notice. 14 liearv. tel. Grant 4t>.
T W.JIM, CHINKSE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
J . merit office. 637 Commercial. Tel. Black 1261.
AI'AMS."<E AM) CHINESE EMPLOY. ME NX
office: best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
F.LI ABLE YOUNG MAN OF FAMILY DE-
Ji sires position as janitor, watchman, driver or
i>or er; references if required. Address Lt. C,
315 V. Birch aye.
YOUNG MAN. WHO THOROUGHLY UNDER-
X stands designing and cutting ladies' cloaks, de-
Ures a position; first-class tailor; good references.
141 Natoma si.
STEADY YOUNG MARRIED MAN WISHES
0 position as driver or porter or any steady place;
mII acquainted with city. Address S. E., box
28, this office.
TUIOKOUGHLY competent and INDUS-
x trious man desires garden-work; is handy with
carpenter tools. 629 California st.
\'OUNG MAN WISHES POSITION AS JAN-
X itor, porter or coachman: city or country;
thoroughly competent and willing; oest of city
references. Address D. A., box 55, Call Office.
ELI ABLE first-class man WANTS A
-IV situation around a private place; Is good driver
md fair gardener and is handy with tools. Ad-
dress H. 8., box 63, Call Office.
■\ V 6UN~G MAN DESIRES SITUATION AS
I bookkeeper, etc. ; expert stenographer. K. D.,
box 163, this office.
ENTLEMAN OF 13 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
wishes position as steward or manager in good
hotel; city or country: the right man for the right
place. Address Manager, box 34, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN, AGED 20, WISHES WORK
X of any kind. Address J. M., box 164, Call.
p A R 1 J N T E R AND PAINTER WITH TOOLS
V would like to obtain position in a private house
or an institution. Address 11., box .(). this office.
AN AND WIFE ARE DESIROUS OF OB-
taining a situation on a ranch or mining camp:
wife is a good cook: husband is able to do any-
thing and is a cood teamster; no children. Ad-
dress L. A., box 13, this office. ■
ITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
cutter: able to take charge of first-class tailor-
in? department; best city references. L., box 19,
Pall Office. ■
COMPETENT HOUSE PAINTER, WiJTH
J tools, wants work by the day or piecework;
city or country; will work cheap. Address Painter,
23 Pleasant st. '
VOTING MAN" DESIRES A POSITION IN A
X lawyer's office; first-class references. Address
C. E.. box 78, Call Office,
QITUATIONS WANTED BY GERMAN COU-
C 5 pie without children ; wife as cook, housekeep-
er or chambermaid; man to take care of horses,
cattle and garden, or as porter: references. Call
or address E., 319 Ellis st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per nlftht; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AN AND WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE ;
man understands general work on private
place, horses, cattle, poultry; wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work; references.
Address T. 8.. box 63, Call Office.
OTEN OG X EXPERIENCED IN LEGAL
~^ and commercial work, desires position: per-
manent or temporary; references. Address S. P.,
box 89, Call 1 ftlce.
I, I RKT-C I. ASS FRENCHMAN WANTS SITUA-
■ tion as bedmaker: has good reference. Call or
address 621 Pacific st.
WANTrD BY STRONG YOUNG MAN—
* » sition In a wholesale house or with a shipping
or commission firm; not afraid of hard work. Ad-
dress S. M., box 151. Call Office.
pOACHMAN— SITUATION WANTED; UN-
Vj derstands thoroughly the care of horses, cows,
garden, etc,; also careful driver: city or country;
reference, v Address C. D., box 99. Call.
yot'No MARRIED' man, compositor,
X speaking and writing English and German,
with small amount of money, wants position; is
no: afraid to change his trade. Address Composi-
tor, Oakland call Office.
■EXPERIENCED WINEMAKER AND CEL-
XJ larman (German), for the past 10 years fore-
man in large California wineries, with first-class
references, seeks employment: country preferred.
Address box 1, Call Office. Los Angeles.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baeeaire to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
A NTED— 4 W A IIRESSKs" AN D CHAM*-
'» bermaitis hotels, etc.,s'JO: Institution cook.
$30; Protestant second girl, $20; 3 cooks, German
style, $25; French or German nurse. $$20. and a
large number of girls forcookiueam! housework in
city and country. J- F. CRoSETT A CO., 312 Sut-
ter st.
O LADY IRONERS. EC' TEL WORK. $30,
-» board, etc.. call eariy; woman as. pastry cook
in an institution; waitress. $15, room, etc.; wait-
ress, $4 a week ; waitress, $20, room. etc. ; 2 girls
for housework. $25: 10 house girls, S2O; 23 bouse
girls, $15, ec: 15 young girls, assist, etc , nic?
families, $8 $10 and'sl_ per month. MARTIN'S
Employment Agency, 749 Market at.
\\r ANTED— FIRST-CLASS GERMAN OR
>» French cook, $40: Swedish second and seam-
stress, $25; 2 German housework girls, $25; 2
French sins for housework, $20 and "$25; young
girls to assist. LEON ANDKE, 315 Stockton st.
C" 1 ERMAN OR SWEDISH COOK FOR BOARD.
X ing-house: 10 to lb boarders: $25. J. P.
JOHNSTON A CO., 872 Broadway, Oakland.
p ERMAN OK FRENCH NURSE, CHILD 21/2
VX years, $25; German governess. $25: cham-
bermaid and seamstress, $25: cook, Alameda,
$25; 20 housework girls, city and country, $20
and $25: 6 young girls assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Suiter st.
EFINEH working housekeeper, s2o.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutterst.
OMAN WITH A CHILD AS HOUSBKEEP-
'» er, $12. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
Y\T ANTED— COMPETENT NURSE FOR TWO
»' children to go to New York and return, $25,
see lady here, references and experience necessary;
also a nurse to care for infant to travel to Europe
and return, wages $20. Apply this morning to
MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
"VTEAT YOUNG WOMAN: HOUSEWORK:
i.'l nice country place. $20; waitressesand cham-
bermaids, $15; second girls. $-0; cooks, house-
worK and other places. MURRAY' A READY,
634 Clay st.
SWEDIB] fG GKNKKAL HOUSEWORK,
$25; German house girl, $20; second girl, $25;
hotel waitress, $20; cook, $-5: house girl. $15: 2
girls, country, $20 each. Apply at 315 ..utter st.
«; ANTED-EXPKRIENCKD I BONERS ON
** ladies' and children's clothes. Apply at
United States laundry. Sixteenth and Valencia
ats., 9 to 10 o'clock a. m.
EXPERIENCED BHOESTITCHERB. APPLY
in person California Shoe Company, Sixteenth-
street station, Oakland, Cal.
/ 1 ERMAN GIRL FOR UPSTAIRS WORK AND
" J care of child of 2 years; wages $15; reference.
Call Monday from 8 to 12 at 1305 Van Ness aye.
\\r ANTED— ELDKRLY WOMAN TO TAKE
'» care of lady during continement; daytime
only. Apply 216V_ Sixth «t., room 17.
EXPERIENCED OPERATOR FOR TAlLOR-
ing work: good wages. Apply 9 Stevenson st.,
top loft: come early.
WANTED-GERMAN GIRL FOR COOKING
'» and general housework. 3216 Jackson st.
IKL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; $10".
Call befoie 11 a. m.. 937 Fourteenth st.
I~RONERS WANTEU. PA It Isi E N LAUNDRY,
X Twenty-ninth and Dolores sts.
pIKL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AMD
VX cooking. Apply 2126 Post st.
G~~~ irl FOX GENERAL housework AND
mind baby; referenc.-. t>36 Page at.
0 A GIRLS; BRING .'SCISSORS. 9 STEVEN-
— \3 son st., top loft.
Al7 ANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
»" housework; wage* $10. 1920 Sinter St..
"\7"OUNt^cTfRL WANTED TO ASSIST IN GEN-
X eral housework. 1519 Post st.
XI'EHIENCED WAIT R ESS.- CALL AT 26
X^ Fourth st. . ■
OAT FINISHER. 1028 MARKET ST.,
room I.
T\T ANTED— GTRL TO HELP ON TAILORING.
»i 483 Tehama St., cor. Sixth.
\ ' (1 1 ■ N G GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
x work; small family; wages $10. 1203 (lough.
r~~K I SHER ON C U STOM COATS WASTE D.
1 steady work. 441 Natoma st.
TRONG -GIRI. FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
~S work at 1717 Post st.
VVT ANTED— EXPERIENCED WAITRESS. 26
'» Fourth St., city. ■ '
'}. RIGHT, WIDE-AWAKE LADY ANTED
I- tor a quick-selling article. 36 Page st.
/ EKMAN OK SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR
A * general housework. 1633 Turk st.
G" "OOD" BUTTONHOLE-MAKKKS AND FlN-
ishers on custom coats. 108 Battery st.
W ANTED — PUPILS FOrt MILLINERY
»» school: course thorough, practical; satisfac-
tion guaranteed: reasonable. ' 410 Leavenworth st.
OOD FINISH IK ON PANTS. CHARLES
VJ COOPER, 62a Clay st., room 1.
\\T ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
>' school : class now forming for lull season;
course thorough, practical: satisfaction guaran-
teed; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth st.
'.1 A NTED- APt'KENTICE FOR D KESSMAK-
"Ing. 1007 Larkin st., rooms 8 and 9. }
ANTKD - A BRIGHT WOMAN WHO
'» knows how to sell; young girls need not ap-
ply. Address M. M., box 39, Call Office.
HEIP "WANTED— Continued.
GIRL TO~~W?^K^N~R^TXuItANT: $10;
sleep home; no Sunday work. 624 Sixth BU
adTes to learn hairTjressing,
manicuring and beauty-culture. 131 Post, r. 20.
Poat-finlshTrs wanted. 541 market
\J street.
A~PPRENTICER~SPECIAL LESSONS EVERY
Tues. in dress cutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
M^ osr convenTent and~"respectab__T
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6
per week : free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
AIRDRESsINO, 25c AND 360: MORNING
and eve classes; 10 lessons, ft 60. 1248 Mission.
RESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught; new styles* perfect fitting patterns
25c on MeDOWELI. Academy. 213 Powell St.
MALE Hi_l__ > WANTED. ~
V]^ ANTED— 2 MlN_B_ri_6" AND ~"OT7ND;
'» farmer and wife, small ranch, $30; milkers.
$25; 6-horse teamster, $30; farmer, $200 year;
plain carpenter for ranch, $20; waiter, country
hotel, if 2s: cooks; German clerk for lodging-house,'
$35; man and wife to rent hotel, and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CKOShiT _ CO., 6^B Sacramento St.
fjlWO MINERS, BUKLEIGH DRILLS, $50
X and board: 16 sawmill and woodsmen, sum-
mer's job, $20 and board; 6 farm hands and hay-
maken: 2 plow hands: ranch teamster and wife,
S3.V. cook for few men, $18. R. T. WARD <k CO.,
6UB and 610 Clay st.
j A LABORERS, *1 60 DAY, CITY WORK; 6
J" laborers, $20, for * large company: 3 sand
teumsters, $26, city. MURRAY A READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. ■ \
>lf) MEN TO DO LABORING WORK AROUND
—V sawmills and woods; no experience required.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
OA TIEMAKERS, 8c AND 10c EACH; 6
A\J woodchoppers. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. . • • -
BLACKSMITH FOR VINEYARD and OR-
IJ chard; $26 and board; charcoal burner. MUR-
RAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BU GG Y- WASHER AND HARNESS-
cleaner, $30 and found; foreman stableman,
$32 50. MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
(' MILKERS, $25; 3 BUTTER-MAKERS.
U MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
OA FARMERS, ORCHAND AND VINEYARD
hands. $20 to *26: 2 boys for ranches, $20 ■
and 815 per month and found; small boy, 16 years
old, $20 and found, see boss here, for ranch, can
CO to night schooL MURRAY A READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
4-HnUSE TEAMSTERS FOR VINEYARD
-i and orchard; $26. MURRAY _ READY, 634
and 606 Clay st.
i a Laborers TO dig DITCHES FOR a
X v large company's ranch; steady job at $20 per
month and found. MURRAY' _ READY, 634 and
I 636 Clay.
O.A HAYMAKEHS,S2O AND $25 PER MONTH
—i\J and found; 2 men to run hay derricks; man
to herd hogs. MURRAY & KEADY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
Or A MEN for ALL kinds OF WORK, CITY
— O\J or country, from $15 to $90 per month and
found. MURRAY ARKADY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay su
OOK FOR MINI HOTEL, $40; 4 COOKS,
1 $35 to $60: 5 waiters, $25 to $30: 3 dishwash-
ers, $10 to $20: kitchen-hand. $20: 2 waiter-boys.
MURRAY A; READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
PASTRY' COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $40 AND
X found: baker, country shop, $6 week; cook
and wife, $35. MURRAY <fe READY, 634 and
636 Clay su -
WAITER, $30~PER MONTH. MISS CUL-
»> LEN, 323 Sutter St.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
W ANTED— AN ELDERLY MAN FOR PLAIN
I' cooking: wages $5 per month; If party under-
stands chickens can work on commission. Call
512 Haight St.
\\/' ANTED— BOY IN DRY-GOODS STORE TO
11 run errands and make himself generally use-
ful. Address in own handwriting A. NATHAN,
2004 Market St.
pLEKK, EXPERIENCED, FOR ROOMINO-
V.' house, $35 and room bellboy. Columbia, 128
Fourth st.
\\r ANTED - BLACKSMITH AND WOOD-
-11 worker on general jobbing. 368 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
EXPERIENCED CLERK FOR LODGING-
house; German preferred; references. ROSE-
DALE, 321 Ellis st.
Honest MAN WANTED .at Joseph's
horseradish stand, 707 Market st: good wages
to right party.
"EXPERIENCED OPERATOR FOR TAILOR-
J ing work; good wages. 9 Stevenson st., top
loft; come early.
I TRONERS 'wanted. ;parisien laundry,
X Twe-!ty-nin:h and Dolores.
\U ANTED— YOUNG, STEADY GERMAN FOR
1 1 cleaning In coffee-house. '.'6 Sixth st. •
YOU.Vii BUTCHER TO DRIVE WAGON.
1 611 Pacific st. . -
\\r AN TED-DISHWASHER AT 1653 MAR-
II ket su . ■ .
WANTED— A GOOD TAILOR TO WORK IN
1 1 store. 202 McAllister st.
WAITER WANTED AT 407 MASON ST.
II Call 8 a. M. ■
WANTED— A GOOD WAITER AT 427 LAR-
VV klnst:
I RSI -CLASSTCOOK WANTED. 15 STOCK-
£ ton st.
\V ANTED — BOY TO SELL PLANTS ON
11 commission. 512 Haight st.
OOK WANTED AT 49 SECOND ST. CALL
early.
pOOI» BUSINESS MAN TO TAKE CHARGE
" X of an office at san Francisco; must have $500.
! Address HoTCHKISSi, rooms 122 and 123, Wilson
j block, Los Angeles <
AI'.BKK SHOP FOR SALE; 18-CENT SHOP:
Western Addition; clears $20; cheap. Apply
Call Office.
WANTED— STEAD* MAN TO LOOK AFTER
M office, handle cash, etc.: duties easily learned;
clears $6"> to $75 to each • capital required, $175.
GEORG E STEWART, 602 Market st.
"(Jt I UK NTS, ATTENTION! PLEASANT AND
~5 profitable employment for several young men
and young women during summer vacation in
every city on the coast; a few hours' work each
day among your friends will bring you a good in-
come. Address J. G. H., box 102, Call Office.
TJUSTLERS— FINE PROPOSITION IN CITY
XX and all outside towns. Room 29,109 California.
IiARBERS, ATTENTION-3-CHAIR OUTFIT,
■ » complete, for sale at a sacrifice; must be sold
on account of removal. Apply to STOLTZ, 630
j Market st. .
I A TED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
ery st., clerks and laborers to call If they do
not receive their just dues; no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
WANTED— GENTS' FURNISHING GOODS
11 salesman: one with knowledge of clothing.
Apply 523 Market St., room 7, from 9 to 12.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL BEC-
re'.arv Barbers' Asso.. 325 Grant are. 8. FUCHS.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
J-> menu Secy. P. C. Hamann, "J:-9'/2 O'Farrell.
MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS BAND-RESa"W~
■I'l ins, scroll-sawing and shaper work. Apply
Minna st.
A'OUNG MAN "FOR OFFICK WORK; MIST
1 have small capital. R. E., box 1 36, Call Office.
VI EN'S %-SOLINO. 50c: LADIES, 40c: DONE
ill while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
ANTED-RESIAUKANT AND KESTAU-
- 11 rant furniture; spot cash paid. Columbia, 128
Fourth st.
PK sION.S-J. H. SHEPARD A CO., THE OLD
reliable attorneys, 1068 East Sixteenth St.,
I Oakland, Cal.
BEsi~j>LACE IN TH"k~CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $H: ladles', gent 3 ' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. j
ELCHO HOUSE, 863 Va MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c night; $1 to $5 week.
JUST OPENED; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
tJ Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price, 6c,
10c, 15c per night: clean beds, sunny rooms.
VV A , NT " ED — FOR THE UNITED STATES
11 Marine Corps. U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak Kngllsh properly; only citizens of
the l nited states or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will bo
accepted; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further Information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
I- HI. I ■ . .
riALI' SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
\J half-solelUß 25c up. 969 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
ASTHMA CURE GUARANTEED: • DR. GOR-
>> din s Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, iir. Clay.
VV JJfCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
V S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; _OT-
xj. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents, [
VV ANTED - Ji EN TO LKARN BARBER
I 1 trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1616 Howard.
YV ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
11 somo simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ineas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & r>o., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
/KLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\J acts adjusted. RATIO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
EST IN CITY— HING' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night, $1. $1 25, SI 1 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
ROOMS 160 TO 75c PER NIGHT: 600 TO *1 60
J-t per week. Oriental, 226 Drommst. ...
v\r ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES due labor
11 ers&clerks. KN ox Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
WHAT CHEER HOUSE, 639 SACRAMENTO
''st,-. 200 rooms; ■ best in i the city I sing;e roon_
20 and 25c a night. Ha w<»ek: meals 10c. , '
ANTED-_,ABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver ■ House, 217 Third St.; 160
large rooms; 26c per nigh:; $1 to $3 per week. '
1 IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
X.I its.; single furnished mis 75c week, 16c night.
. HELP WANTEP-Contlnned.
Tjn7TMiE^r^o~TTKTrTolM^^
XV.IV/ and 20c a night, including co9e« and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
lit one-half the usual price; done while you wait
662 Mission St., between First and Second sts.
Til EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
If 1 all grocers keep it.
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, bOMK
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission. .
REE BEER-TWO BCHOONERS FOR 6c;
also a bottl «of lager. 6c, at 637 Clay st.
TRY ACME HOUSE. H.>7 MAKKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room: 'Joe a niuht: $1 » week.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
v«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
read lng- room: daily papers. Mi Clay st. '
AGENTS WANTED.
TIT ANTED— 7 GOOD SOLICITORS TO CAN-
' • vass for members for Union Fraternal J.eHKue;
the order pays sick and accident benefits from $7
to $14 per week, and disability benefits from $250
to $1000, and death benefits $250 to $2000; we are
paving good workers $3 to $9 per day. For terms
call or address Union Fraternal League, 124 Turk
St.. S. F., Cal. ■ '
WANTED— SEVERAL SUBSCRIPTION SO-
* " licitors on a high-class semi-monthly publica-
tion; extra liberal commission. Address J. G. H.,
box 10, Call Office.
NDER BOTH FLAGS"; ENTIRELY NEW;
U unrivaled success; the story of the war as told
by the actors on both sides, without party preju-
dice or sectional strife: how the battles were won;
great war pictures ty great artists: agents wanted
everywhere. THE J. DEWING COMPANY,
Flood building, S. F.
KOOMS WANTED.
rPH O RO UGH~TE ACHeIToF VOICE~ CTjJ
x ture, elocution and piano will exchange lessons
for unfurnished rooms. Professional, box 58, 339
Hayes st. '
WAXTKD-MISOBLLAiNEOUS.
< % N_r^oTLE-C^i^O^iaSoßSE
~5 power. Grocers' Union, Oakland. ■ -■.<■
L^IRST-CLASS DENTIST: WILL EXCHANGE
X 1 dentistry for furniture. D., box 16. this office.
IGHENT PRICES PAID LADIES', GENTS',
children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN'. 109 sixth st. : send postal.
EDUCATIONAL.
L' S CoTLEGX^iFMARKET
•TV su The very best individoal instruction:
20 trial lessons in shorthand. Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
DR. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets from date birth by mull, $2. :>OV_ Geary
PRIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING;
X es Tnes. and Frl. j Misses HU DP Y, 6a Hyde st.
■VT EW PROPOSITION IN SHORTHAND
— writing; common wrl ing requires an average
of 5 up or down strokes ocr sound, and writes 25
words per minute: therefore, if you write every
sound by one up or down stroke you may write
125 words without abbreviations. HECHI'S
school of ten-letter shorthand and typewriting
(two months' course $25), room 706, Spreckels
building, 927 Market si., San Francisco.
BOOKKEEPING BY TAKR; ONLY ACCOUNT-
X> ant teaching; 1/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
XT violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
"JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st
OOKKPNO, WRITNG, ARITHMTC, GRAM R
X> day>tnl^ht;noclasses:ssmonth. 84 5 Mission
p UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTIIAUS, 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w.; $3 m. Maze b1d,,r.; .7.
PUNISH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
• Mei.iter.se haft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell 1.
YKES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; Individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
L/ ELA SCO' S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
-D Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mku
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, MB-
~> chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 7382110.
HEaTD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE , .4 POBTBT.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modara
languages rapidly taught, write for catalogue.
V KjlirS-CHUOLUIKALD . BIS. IMLLKHKiJt
i> )*n«t •<nmm°Tln' »''"r'jnTl, Knillsh* nw ~»<
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A A
50 cts and $I— 6o cts and $I—so cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWER."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PKOFS. EUGENE AND VAN 1)K VERB,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. AU
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of Interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation. Investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property, Interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil influence-, in half the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in Sau Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to Bp. m. Sundays 2 to 6e. — .
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE A VAN DE VERB,
1728 Market St.
O"~NbT~FAIL~TO CONSULT PROF. M. h.
Carnelle, the celebrated clairvoyant and busi-
ness medium; he gives correct information on
love, courtship, marriages, journeys, lawsuits,
mining speculations and all inmily affairs: tells
you where to go and wnat to do to be successful,
reunites fie separated and causes a speed y mar-
riage with the one of your choice: letters with
stamp answered. 220 Eddy St. ; hours 9to 9.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGII-
ter, is a born medium, guarantees yon a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes
b fore your own eyes so you can see no frnud is,
practiced upon the'public. for 60c and $1; cail mid
be convinced of her wonderful gift. Rooms 3 and
4, 917 Market st.
P~ ROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET ST., NEAR
sixth: wonderful power; advice on business,
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc. ; tells of
friends aud enemies; 9 to 8, also Sunday.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card-reader, born with a douDle veil aud
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MME. RAVENA HEADS LIFE FLUENTLY:
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
VPslf LlrE-READER; LADIES, '25c;
gents, 50c ; readings daily except Sun. 5 7th.
MmeTlegette": "prksknt. past and fu-
lure. 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee a 5 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
MX. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the Dictureot
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
erand clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter;
read canls since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; indies or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
ETURNEH, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
;v regent and future: prices nioilentte. 85)< Mission.
SFIKITUAiaSiH.
HHEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; 10c. MMX.
1 YOUNG, 605 McAllister st. Skeptics Invited.
/CLAIRVOYANT; LADIES ONLY; FEE 25c.
v 41 Minna St., basement.
VI ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
-LA yra. Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1; letter $2.
Vf RS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
i»I trunce medium : siltiTigs $1. 21H Sux:kion s'..
fOX SA_E-MISU___AN_OUS.
BARGAIN — COUNTER, RAILING, PLAT-
form, scale, truck, etc, 105 Sacramento st.
OW AND CALF FOR SALE. 42S7~fWEN-
ty-third St.
ANDSOME GKEAT DANE PUP; 10 MOS.
old: large pedigree. 3.' Pearl st.
C AA CHICKS; 10c EACH; HATCHED BY
O\J\J Schule's self-regulating hot-water incu-
bator; best In the world. 1213 Valencia st.
T/ORSxLE— 2 MALTESE KITTENS, CHEAP.
.F 1 Little Russ 31.. off Howard.
VTEW _2ND-HAND~"~9S" BICYCLES, $25 TO
i-^i $65. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes sts.
OUNT X R 8, SH BLVI NC^ SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 1121 Va Market.bet. 7th & Bth.
QIX-HOItSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE
~) engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay st.
If 1 RST-C LASS SECOND-HAND WASHING-
ton hand press; alsoeighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this office.
ECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE KN-
gines; vanoussi7.es; guaranteed perfect order;
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call.
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES:
write for prices, typewriter Kx., 310 California.
OILERS, ENGINES.2D-HAND MACHINERY,
waterptpes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission
... UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
I ; doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
lire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market n.
LURE AND BT.I~~LAR SAFK, LETTER-
X press, platform sca>s and desk; cheap. 10J Clay.
~T T E\V RANGES" CHEA PER f_XN~B_COND~
1> hand. \V. S. RAY Mf; Co., 12 California st.
:■/. TYPEWRITERS.
"\T OST, $30; CA LIQRAPh7"S2S!^ SEND FOR
— sample work. ScOTT _ BAN NAN, 333 Monty
' BUSINESS CHANCES.
mOtAA • FINE 'TTo^NER^GROCERY AND
«Jp_iUUl/. bar; choice portion Western Ad-
dition; elegantly fitted up; has a well-paying
trade: best class of custom; big bar trade; good
outside route; cheap rent; owner's; time occupied
in another business which prevents him attending
to this. M. LESS A CO.. 783 V. Market st.
<_1 XAfk RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
fIPI«Jv/l-'. house in extra good location, north
of Market st. : elegantly fitted; everything first-
class throughout: dining-room taxed to its utmost
capacity; highest class of custom; bent prices;
owner going out of the State. M. LEsS _ CO..
783 Market st. . .
«B*_inr. CORNER GROCERY" AND BAR,
»Jp -tUV/. north of Market, selling on account of
death in family. M. LESS _ CO., 783y a Market
ffljO,*; [\ RESTAURANT LOCATED TWO
{JpO«Jv. blocks ;rom Crocker building: excel-
lent business; receipts over $30 daily; old , estab-
lished; rent only $35. M. LESS <& Co., 783%
Market st.
a»"QX?T~BRANCH BAKERY ON A BUSY
ig)Oo\J. street; central: good stock; nice fix-
tures: living-rooms; choice place. M. LESS _
CO., 783V_ Market st.
VfOTICE TO BUYERS AND SELLERS: GUS
JA STRAND, the well-known real estate and
business agent, has removed his office to 917 Mar-
ket St.; if you want to buy or sell a business of any
kind see him; establish.! 1881. GUS STUaND,
917 Market st.
m* Uf\f\ CORNER BAR, WITH 8 ELEGANT-
iS)t)\J\J . \y furnished rooms, all rented; very
best location lease; rent $65; sacrificed account
sickness. WILKE A WOLF, 681 California st.
CT»-| f»f\(\ $850 CASH, COFFKE SALOON
»4j5 XUUU. and restaurant: oneof the SALOON
IDUU. and restaurant: one of the finest loca-
tions in the city, near Market st. ; elegant fixtures,
well established, trade runs from $50 to $60 per'
day; best of reasons for selling. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market st. -
*9' f\ LEGITIMATE MANUFACTURING
<Jp_itJU. business; partner wanted; manu-
facturing standard goods in general use every
where and in great demand; trade increasing;
money to be invested to enlarge plant; carries full
stock; is absolutely necessary to double present
capacity to meet and fill wholesale orders coming
in: will double in six months: fortune for steady
man. GEORGE STEWART. 602 Market st.
|.9(1fl FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE;
«iP_uU. horse, wagon; rooms; daily receipts
$10; rent $ 12; snap. BARRETT _ SKIFF, 921
Market st.
<JL'O?_r_ BEST CORNER CIGAR-STAND IN
ijp^clW. city. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market
<n*7rrv WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
tjp I O\J and notion business; clearing, over $100
month; building included: ground rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market.
ICn COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE
I OVJ. worth $750; established 5 years; clears
$100 per month: good reason for selling: trial
given. BARRETT <fe sKIFF, 921 Market st. '
81 xnfi 60-room"~hote l, near union
tjp I O\J\). Iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market.
QjrnA CORNER BAR; WESTERN A DDl-
'ft'Oyjyj. tion; club and living rooms; lease;
money-making place. WILKE, 531 California st.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
lodging-house come see me, as I have customers
on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
fQ- 7-ROOM HOUSE; ALL FURNISHED;
#Oi). the roomers pay more than the rent for
one-half the use of the house; it is .a snap and see
It quick; everything furnished complete. T.
LUbELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ffl»t>7P. FINE BUTCHER SHOP WITH
tJpOl U. three horses and one wagon and all the
tools: fine location in an Interior town; good
trade; investigate this fine country place and you
will buy it. S. LUBELSKI. City Hall aye.
(•O^iA GROCERY AND BAR; ELEGANT
•IT— lO' 'V. corner stand; doing fine: rare chance
for fine grocery investment: see this place at once:
the fullest Investigation; located north of Market
st. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
JUI OAA GROCERY AND BAR; DOING
«3PXOW I/, fine business; corner stand: cheap
rent: big stock; rare bargain: come see this splen-
did buy: also horse and wagon. T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye.
dljr C(\ ELEGANT STATIONERY AND CON-
i^OtJyJ. fectionery, with soda fountain: finest
locality; cheap rent and 4 fine living-rooms; see
this fine place at once; paying well. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
CjOXn PARTNER WANTED IN CHOP-
•J-OU. house; excellent paying place: owner
first-class cook. WILKE _ WO F, 531 California.
<lli tV\ (\ CORNER GROCERY. BAR; WEST-
tJpUtJU. em Addition; well established; rent for
building only $35: 4 sunny rooms; good place tor
man and wife. STE NBERU CO., 629 Market st.
1 Q QOrt ELEGANTLY~FITTEIVUP SA LOON,
♦JpOV/U. with private rooms; north of Market
st.; fine cash-register; big bargain. STENBERG,
6>'_ Market st.
'j>Qnn SALOON IN BUSY PART OF TOWN;
(■tPOv/U. cheap rent: don't miss this bargain.
BTE.NBERU _ CO.. 632 Market st.
C!»l £n,Oi CORNER RESTAURANT, NEAR
tip I «JUU. transfer point, Western Addition;
handsome private rooms; owner 3 years; no bet- ,
ter offer in market; rare bargain. STENBERG
CO.. 632 Market st.
CjqaaTJ partner wanted IN well-
tiPOv/V. established steam-laundry In first-
class running order; has the trade of leading lodg-
ing-houses . ana restaurants: valuable outside
routes; horses and wagons; business sure to in-
crease if properly attended ; books open for inspec-
tion: full Investigation. &TENBERG CO., 632
Market st.
Q»QAA CORNERSALOON; NICELY FITTED
V/U. up: good location; wholesale district;
offered at a sacrifice: owner has 2 places. STEN-
BERG CO., 632 Market st.
Q_t?_n CIGAR-STAND^wffH LARGE PAT-
»^'x«J''. ronace on Kearny st.: establish ed
years; rare chance. WI_KE A WOLF, 631 Cali-
fornia st.
TO LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
county, Occidental Hotel and bar: rent $25.
Apply C. DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st.
THIRST-CLASS PAYING STEAM LAUNDRY
-T for sale; good location: established 20 years; 5
or 10 years' lease of ground and building as de-
sired. Address J., box 164, this office.
BARGAIN— STATIONERY STORE; GOOD
corner location; cheap rent. Address H. 8.,
box 101, Call Office.
qj»r?;r A CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
«Jp I t)\J . with living-rooms, on Larkin st. ; low
rent; good place; kept by owner for years; rare
chance. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
yOUKG BUSINESS WOMAN TO MANAGE
X boarding-house for share of income. H. W.,
box 146, this Office.
OG BUSINESS FOR SALE; 86 HEAD OF
hogs: breeding .sows: horse, wagon, swill
route: outside city; all for $250. Apply at 724%
Natoma st.
p KOCERY AND BAR; WELL STOCKED;
VJT cheap; make offer. 2201 Fifteenth, cor. Noe.
Ii OR SALE— SO 9 POST; SUNNY DIKING
parlors ; rent paid in board.
T^OR SALE— CHEAP FOR CASH; NEW ENG-
X) land home bakery. 1817 Powell.
p ROCER Y AND BAR; TRANSFER CORNER;
AJT no agents. Apply Call Office.
urn 7;: RESTAURANT FOR SALE. 917
«IPX 4 O. Mission st. ■
© 1 P\A EXPRESS HUSIN ESS; GOOD
«JpltJU. stand: clearing $80 per month; sold
on account of sickness. Apply cigar-store. 205
Larkin st.
EST BARGAIN ON EARTn, HALF IN-
terest in restaurant doing $50 to $60 per day;
old established: profits, $10 to $16 per day; full
investigation before buying; will take good secur-
ity or trade: a snap; cheap. COLUMBIA, 128
Fourth St. !
X\T RESTAURANTS AND RESTAU-
II rant furniture; also lodging-houses; we have
plenty of money to speculate on bargains. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth st. •
IF YOU HAVE ANYTHING TO BUY, SELL,
trade or exchange, see us at once; will sell your
business In 3 days or treat; we have snaps for
buyers. Columbia, 1 28 Fourth st.
p ROCERY-STOKE WITH GOOD ASSORTED
VX stock, doing large family trade. This Is a fine
opportunity to get good paying business. Particu-
lars of J. B. MI HAN. 609 Kearny st.
\TICE GENTS' FURNISHING AND NOTION
Xi store for sale, in the Mission; 3 years' lease;
price $750; $300 cash, the balance monthly. Ad-
dress C. A., box 68, Call Office.
pROCERY AND BAR; S LIVING ROOMS;
vl good location." Call at 28 Rausch su, bet. sev-
enth and Eighth, Howard and Folsom.
ANTFD— RESTAURANT CHEAP FOR
cash. Address S., box 2, this office.
GROCERY AND BAR. 813 BRYANT
i&O I O, street. -
BOARDING-HOUSE; GOOD BARGAIN; ON
account of s ckness. Apply Call Office.
©97C BUTCHER-SHOP, FIXTURES, 2
(?*• " •■'. horses, wagon, cart; a whole outfit; old-
established, good trade. For particulars see
LUHRS BROa, 144 First st. '
p E NT__M AN PARTNER WANTED 57
vj lady of means, $35 capital. 12 Mason st., mi. 2
IpOR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OK DEPARTURE,
the. finest restaurant and ovster-houso In the
city; best location. Apply 112 Ellis, Tivoli Oyster
Cafe. . _______________
L-<OR SALE CHEAP— BAKE AND COFFEE
X* saloon, with living-rooms: rent low. 306 Fourth.
IiARGAIN— SI-5; OLD-ESTABLISHED CI-
■I * gar, candj^ and noticn store; large garden and
summer-house; opposite University gate, Berke-
ley Junction Telegraph-aye. ■ electric road; cars
stop in front of store. Apply on premises.
RANCH BAKERY . AND VARIETIES;
good business; corner; 6 living rooms; large
sunny yard. ; Apply 449 Guerrero st.
A LOON: LONG ASK AND LOW RENT.
Apply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific .
OK LOCKSMITH, MACHINIST AND
grinding shop, well tooled up. 1003 Mission su
l_"KfW) CHICKEN RANCH IN PETALUMA:
tJpOUVf. good investment. Inquire Cosmopol tan
Hotel, Petaluma. ■. ;> ■:;■.
p RKAT OPPORTUNITY— SSOOO WILL PUR-
"I chase retiring manager's Interest," worth
$10,000. and secure permanent position on salary
in one of the greatest dividend-paying businesses
of the century: not a mine: serious illness com-
pels sacrifice; none but competent men with' cash
considered. Address Chronos, box 67. Call Office.
T?OR SALE— FRENCH LAUNDRY, DYING
-T and cleaning; good reasons for selling. Address
by letter :C. BONN ARD, 218 Fourth St., Sauta
Bom, ; " ' ' ■-■ ; ■
BUSINESS CHA"CES-Co-tlnne_U^_
RE-TAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE:  FOR
sale cheap on account of sickness; ; w 1 ex-
chance for property or business of equal value In
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Cnllor address 3281 Misiion. .
OR KENT. UNFURNISHED— THE RAN-
T ite House," Folsom. Cal., a 2-story frame ho .el.
conta'ning parlor, dining-room, barroom, ki tcheu
and 22 bedrooms: in good repair and fine location.
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous or
going into the hotel business:- extra inducements
offered. Address LOUIS KLUMPP, J;olsoni_._Ca_.
A NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
A. for cash; city or country. M-, box 2, Call.
WANTED— YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
with us: will sell It in 3 days or treat; we have
buyers for all kinds of businesses. . Columbia, 1.8
Fourth st. ■ •
IP LOUR- SACKS FOR SALE: NICE CLEAN,
X 1 and in good order: always plenty on hand. J. a.,
322 Pacific st., basement. _____________
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
i"c"roomsTfine corner ?i5O
i 010-room house, worth $1000; price...... 400
40 rooms; fine for transient 700
20 rooms on Fourth St., only 600
46 rooms on Market st „■"'_*
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Oyl-ROOM CORNER HOUSE. $1000: WORTH
-4 $2500: must be sold. DE' KER, 1020 Market.
O ROOJIS, VKRY nice, ONLY $200; 15
O rooms, on O'Farrell St.. see it, $675: 36 rooms,
actually- clears $100, $1500; other bargains.
SPECK A CO., 602 Market st. ______
<_7HA LODGING-HOUSE: 36 WELL-FUR-
«Ip I \J\J. nlshed rooms: rent $75: long lease:
fine location; north of and near Market St.: house
filled; paving $150 clear per month; rare bargain.
KENNY _ CO., 766 Market st.
OQ WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH OR-
— O gan; low rent; bargain. Grocery, 40 Sixth su
FinMTLKK I'OK SALE.
<Hl 1 QM furniture 6 rooms, address
tjp JOU. Change, box 34, this office,
O BK SOLD CHEAP— FURNITURE OF 7
rooms; no dealers. 32 Grove St., first flat.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time; open evenings.
•fIRE SALE !
X 1 Prices stand till cooda ar« completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed seta , fIH 51
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves - 759
Carpet*, peryard 65
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, peryard HI
iiil our new building is erected these prices will
stann. Till such time we an conducting buslneai l
a; SE. corner (Seventh and Mission sta, J-
NOONAN.
AtUl CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding- bedi,
$10; bed- onnges. $7. T. I). McOAKTHY 113 4th.
FUKNITL'KE WANTED.
"o "econd-h a ; nTTfTjrn it ure wa nte d to
O till country orders: I will pay good prices, T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
M ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MOBS
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth »v
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
FFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURB
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1133 Marknt: 'el. Jessie 761.
CARPET CLEANING.
T^REA^-A^-RnlsTiJaM CARPiTcIEAS-
VJ Ing Works. TeL So. 676; 14 Bth st. B. Gbant.
JONES CO. CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office '2s and 27 Bth.
PARPETS CLEANED, 3c A YARD; LAID 3d.
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama sU: tel. so. 40.
pONKLIN'SCARPKT "EKATINiJ WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
ITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
p REAT WESTERN STEAM CAKPET-BEAT-
VI Ingwork»( latest improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE, office 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
PARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON. <fe CO., 23 Tenth: teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH _ Co.. successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 340
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RES-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: ml. south 223.
musical instruments. ~
■\Ya'gnific_nt hardman'upright" in
liX first-class order, must be sold at ouce; a gen-
uine opportunity to secure a splendid piano at a
fraction of its value. Koorn 21, 809 Market st.
IJEAUTIFUL STEINWAY UPRIGHT. SAC-
X 3 rificed; must be sold at -once. Room 10, Flood
Building, Fourth and Market sts.
LEG ANT UPKIGHT PIANO : LITTLE T Sl-J • . ;
bargain. Sheriff's warehouse, 211 Larkin st.
&7n ROSEWOOD UPRIGHT FOR SALE
tJpTiv/. on $6 installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
\| AGNIFICENT GRAND UPRIGHT PIANO;
i'l Hallet _ Davis makers: sold to pay cost and
charges. 1921 Sacramento st. ■',■;■■;
A FEW MORE DAYS ARE LEFT IN WHICH
to take advantage of the great annual May
clearance sale of pianos an' i musical instruments
at MAUVAIS', 769 Market su
ARE CHANCE TO SECURE A PIANO
from the F. W. SPENCER CO., 338 Post St..
before they remove June 1 to their elegant and
spacious warerooms at 933 Market St., opposite
Mason: bargains in different makes to save ex-
penses of removal. .
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
X) A Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 324 Post st.
(CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins, $1 35: mandolins, $3 35; guitars, $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for Instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St., Spreckels bnllding.
„. lOr FINE CHICKERING: SCHMITZ, 16
_«J. McAllister st., next to Hibernia Bank.
OHMER. STECK. STEINWAY. STATHAX
second-band uprights cheap. 106 McAllister.
_■ 1 Art MARSHALL UPRIGHT; SHERWOOD
I UU. upright, $150. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
QHERMAN, CLAY A CO,, STEINWAY REP-
C? resemattves, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments; everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Sntter.
SHAW, $575; STEINWAY, $216; SQUARE,
$25; rented $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A BRIVED— OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
A grade T. L. Neumann pianos; prices and terms
moderate. ■ H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st.
pHICKEKING, ABE, STECK, VOSR. BTER-
VJ ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos)
:or renu BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'Farrell.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMEB,
: Newby A Evans, Brings and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD A NEW
O H. MU LLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
HF.AI V ST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
WEEK \Y CALL, sent to any address In the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
ace free. '■■•:
HOKSES.
bob'^^RS^^TND^WAGON", NEARLY
new; also large hand truck cheap. 869 Mis-
sion st.
OR SALE— GOOD STRONG DELIVERY
horse: drive single or double; cheap. Apply
159 Second st.
ORSK AND DELIVERY WAGON, WITH
harness, cheap: only $50: also 1 dozen fancy
chickens. Apply 2425 (rough St., near Broadway
A~ UCTION ' BALES of houses, BUGGIES.
-fV. wagons, harness, etc. at Derby stables, 645
Geary ,cor. Leavenworth. everv Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
PA A SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
U\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy.wagon, cart*, surrey
it rock:iwav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
J/kUOIiBES FUtt SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
ri\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market. 327 Sixth su ; auction soles every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial su ~
1 r A SETS NEW A i-' t-JSLO.ND-HA.M' HAK-
-IOU ness: all kinds; wagons, bugcies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st. -. ■ - : ■
R. C. H. WbSTPUAL, VETERINARY SUR-
-1,-eon for 8. F. Police Department. Office ani
hospital. 121 Oity Hall aye.: telephone fnn'.h 401.
WAGONS AM) CAKKIAGKS.
ITIOR RENT— FIRST-CLASS CAMP WAGON;
' suitable for 4 persons; with baggage, etc.;
with or without stove and tent. L. F. SALBACH,'
310 E»«t Channel St., Stockton.
T..NDING-TOP nt)<riOK'> PHAETON: GOOD
as new. At ROBERTS', 1613 .Market. '
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING LOVES;
samples. H. M. HEINKMAN, 109 Sansome sU
MEW AND second-hand bakers', la un-
i-i dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 tine buggies. .828 Harrison St.
STORAGE.
TO RENT— VERY LA^OET'rjß^Yr^UN^." V
basement for storage; reasonable. 410 Leav-
enworth su / ■ =:■;; ;■•-.■ . ...
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FIReT
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
T^URNITUR_7 PIANOS, TRUNKS; ~~ ad!
X 1 vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR, 204 Post.
TH. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— AT
■1 • reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
LOW RATES-FURNITURE. PIANOS*
household goods, etc. J. M. rce, 735 Market!
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELHS~
x— .low rates: flre-proof building; Eastern plat;.'
APPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNI."
ture, etc SHIREK _ SHIREK, 747 Market,*\;/. NorsEs to let.
i}()p£Aiiy~?{EA^^ AND MISSION- 4
** M pice sunny rooms: rent cheap.
a*ti - JACKSiIN ST.. bet.- laurel AND
Otl (Locust— modern house of 9 rooms
and batn; must be seen to be appreciated.
' ' : +09 i.annl st. -rNew-mOtitru cottage of & rooms
and. bath.;' Tent low.
: • WILL i: FISHER * CO., 14 Post st.
\m IC\ LOWER FLAT OF 3 KOOMS AT 2507%
5p X.V* -Slission st. ■: ' '
<£ i 1 (< 12281-Sj PINE, NIC HYDE— 2-STORY
• I .")• tiOQse: 6 rooms. ■ ' ... ■
T ; tp.USE OF 3 OR 4 SUNN V ROOMS; RENT
■9 10.; 168 Silver St., near Fourth.
- 9 j POST, . BET. : JON EH ' AND I.KAVEX-
I "— *1 worth— lo rooms and bath, iii perfect order;
an downtown location; only $80 rent,
MADISON — BUR XX. : V. :
iTTEDUCIiD TO $45!; 2512 CA LIFORN I A— 7
J\ .li'i-itn-s.: .bath, laundry, servants' and billiard-
rooms: i;-iisiirpassml for sun; large yard. MADI
SO >T : A- BURKE, 626 Market st. ■ " ■
|,| - HYDE, NEAR O'FARRELL — CHOICE
*l 1. •/ residence; 7 rooms, ha- h and large yard;
centrally located: low rent. Apply MADISON <fc
RURkJ;:, 626 Market St.
11 i- HYDE^HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
•1 1 X) bath. Inquire at 418. '
.rrn Ax yev c— lower flat 4 rooms"-
-.1.1— bath; light, sunny yard.
< •>/ \ RA 619 FELL ST.: EIGHT ROOMS;
tp%j\J.fJ\J, modern conveniences; sunny yard.
.^ •> - j :,jY. SEE THAT ELEGANT NEW
<S'\— V V -sunny 6-room house. 612Guenero.
TTOUSE to LET; 5 BOOMS AND STABLE.
■ XX;- 129 Langton st. ' '.
•;>)(.> > LEAVEN.WORTH — HOUSE 10
--"jrooms; ■ -beautifully situated; lar*e
.rent very moderate.
7 i 1 SUTTER, NEAR TAYLOR — VERY
£7-aj -r- choice ; elegant; spacious: reasonable.
I^V- PPRI «IV TED IF SEEN— 3O MORRIS AYE.,
sci:; off Harrison st.. near Sixth: sunny bouse of 5
rooms; good order; $13: water free; yard; cellar.
XV: I'l'KHi IATH.D IF SEEN— B29I/a SL'TTEB,
: ;^gV;nea'r Jon*s: choice for doctor or dressmaker.
Hjj ROOMS; BATH: mudLrn IM-
: ;provement.s: garden. 730 Catip st.
'^VV'^ -IN 1 MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
'» 'treat; people rißht. BALDWIN _ HAM-
;. : M ND 10 Montgomery at . U^'ffia
FUKNISiIKL* HOUSES.
-1- ELLIS — FURNIsIfiITd~HOUSE~OF 9
■I'll rooms and bath. Apply on the premises.
TM'iIVITURE OF 4 ROOMS CHEAP; RENT
1 41Q. ■-■'-. i. a Moss St. ■" ■
tOTTAGKS TO _XT.
\<-}-. $11; -l ROOMS AND B A SE-
-1 !. bet. Eighth andNinih.
-• . - I L_O \'. A V E— CO ITAGEOI~S ROOMS.
• •'• ' ■ '00 Grove st.
iTTAO- 4) BUNNY BOOMS;
yard; rent moderate.
w IN N V COTTAItK ; 4 AN D 6 ROOMS, BATH,
-eraent ami laree yard. Dolores and 15th.
O.j Ki'iOlS; COTI'AtSK; YARD;
•_ •'• v. ,i:er free. Jersey and Sanchez st-s.
/ "'O'itaVk : .'.'ll l4 i ; 1 ; \ a N r . ST. : o rooms,
* hath, laut.drv. lwrn'- stable.
v^?K ;; V fikmshed . FLATS.
tM*STN^FIT£NT>§^)MT£L?F^^
M I rooms, bath, etc.; suitable for family: new
carpets and furniture; very reasonable. 913 Polls
*;;.;' near Geary, '. . '
1 ■ i: M-FL'KNIMIKD FLAT :>I'N.NY CORNER;
I '■ :1.10ms: reasonable: afternoons. 800 a Webster.
p'ItS'iSHED HOUSE TO RENT,
i: : 2 -.36 Pacific aye., NE. corner Killmore: loca-
-1 on among the choicest. O. F. YON RHKIN
A CO.. 513 .California st.
FLATS TO LET.
Q-] /i 417 1. 11 l-'N;: YE ROOMS; NEWLY
0 1 ' '. cleaned ; garden and yard.
(JJ»9F 1725 MCALLISTER ST.. NR. BROD-
•_—•'. erick— B rooms and bsxh; large outside
oiuing-room. with..fine view. ASH TUN &GARD-
INKI;. fit? . Montgomery St. ;
UPPE LOO 11, 6 HOWARD COURT, NEAR
• : Fourth St.; 5 rooms: $14: water free.
r SUNNY.HOO.MS: BATH; 2219 FIFTEENTH
O st.; rent $14; water free; cars 1 block.
7 Of* TWENTY^FIRST, BET. VALENCIA
I OO and Guerrero— l'pper flat of 3 very sunny
rooms, unfurnished, for housekeeping: no children;
location and-. suiroundings unexceptionable; rent
$15. .-,';-.-■ ■■■-. . ■ - - - ■
TTPPER SUNNY FLAT, 4 ROOMS, 29V2 Zolj
L, bei Third and Fourth, Bryant and Brannan.
£.<.)>) JESSIE.: NR. SIXTH-UPPER FLAT; 6
UjuZi rooms v caper d: i.ot and cold water; bath,
pas and laundry; rent $23. _.
£.<•)[ GOLDEN .GATE-FURNISHED FLAT;
•)— 1 suitable for housekeeping.
all ; FOUR NICE BOOMS: 615 THIR-
«3> 1 X . teenth !st,, bet. Guerrero and Market.
C\H£A r i;i:.N I-; FLATS m.,,\i-K TURK
AJ. and Xjarbin sts; : 5-rodms and bath; see these at
o 31 A I'l SO -\ A BUHK K. ■ •
91 O. I P'FARRKLU NR.B RODERICK— SUN-
.-.LOdfc ny side, larxe 5 room flat with bath and
other modern convenincfs: has "J extra large sep-
arate rear rooms; rented reduced to $20.
Vi-.w. SUNNY, '■■MODERN 4- room flat;
i\ porcelain bath: tile sink. 4 Tremont aye., nr.
\y-ailer st. r Golden Gate Park. ■ .
1 ' PPKB SUNNY ") -'LA i OF FIVE BOOMS:
L bath; all modern improvements. Hampshire
at., near Eighteenth. ;
i'-»7»> ELLIS — FLAT: 2 LARGE SUNN
'•_«, rooms; .separate entrance; yard; rent
cheap. '. ;. ■•■-... :. .' ■■ \\ ' . -.
HEAP; FLAT 4 SUNNY ROOMS; YARD:
VJ stable, etc. 412 Eureka st.
ANDS ROOMS; BATH ; SII. $12, $13; ELEC-
tic lines.- 4585 Eighteenth st.
1 1 I*l 1 I' LTO v-i ,OUD LuWLR FLAT OF 6
1 i Dm rooms add bath.
■- £1 A CONVENIENT SUNNY FLAT OF
r^i'". :th'tae- rooms on wide street. 22 Rausch.
$& I ■ •_> ' N IC AT~ O F SIX ROOMS. 226
j^pXO.. Shipley St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
"l OWkB FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
-Lj 100 feet from Castro cars: 4 rooms: bath; large
;.y.ard;.suh all day; rent $14; water free.
;wri 6. ROOMS; BATH, RANGE: LARGE
•,11. sunny porch; water free. Jersey and
Sanchez sts- '■ '..-■: .';-. - ■"■'.' ■;■■" ; - -
C?l *) 5 l:oo.\J^ IN GOOD ORDER; YARD;
% J --. cheap; 312^ Eighth st.
- • '.1 ■ 3 McALLISTER-SUNNY UPPER FLAT;
,1 _ I ).\ 4 rooms .'. - . ' - .
l-TN ; NY FLATS: 3 ROOMS; YARD; BASE-
■ : : ;..'nt : $20. 810 and 812 Ellis st.
j .. \X^l r 6 AND 6 SUNNY BOOMS: BATH:
f ■l-aunary; from $13 50 up. 1513 a Mission near
Eleventh; ;■'•■■'■;•;. : -. : - : - -. -. : . ■".' ...
7. j  3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIR-
V lOi teentfa st. . above Valencia. : :
[' ATS; 5 ROOMS; : RKNTS $13 AND $14.
:.J 4061 Eighteenth at., near Castro.:- :'.-'.
.i(jl BUSH— UPPER FLAT OF 5 SUNNY
rii.JL/.JLOjj :rooßosand bath .rent reduced; good view.
"■fv'l'lT sTEINE k7 NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
J I . U; I ; flat: . 5 modern large sonny rooms; bath.
\V E RENT MANY FLAT-. BECAUSE WE
■'» il*at people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, It) Montgomery gt. .-.-■.
L'LAT 3 ROOMS; SEPARATE ENTRANCE;
r rent $10. 132$ rfe*cram<nt<> st, . . -. .-■-.' ;.-
I 1 i-< 1 TWENTY-THIRD; 100 FEET FROM
~t U lis CastrO.oan; lovely suuny upper flat of 5
rooms: modern, Improvements; ■ rent only $16;
water free. ' . j . - ■ ■ .
l^l-Jv-Jant NEW flats, SEVENTH ST., bk-
.Ci iow.iJ-ryaht. 5 and 0 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
~\ WEEK'S" NEAV'S FOR 5 CENTS — THifi
-V WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
llOthi.Kt.i.l'lNti BOOMS.
s- 1 ;..:;.:-../.. ■••:..■. •■ • Capp Street.
- jr. .CAPP^-NIGELY FURNISH ED ROOM,
' I IO -with use of kitchen and parlor; also single;
.-- II) fid $5. ." : ■ ■ ..-.■. ; ;■ ' ■ .
juddy street. :
- QA EDIJY— FURNISHED; DOUBLE, CHEAP
• '» > * hoosekeeplng;. single, $1 per week. ,
;s*^;\O. " ; . ; ".- Eddy Place. :.
.> ir.nY PLACE— 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
—ti r hotisekeepipg. . . : : . •'
•■•v lA\\% .-treet.
- QO ELLIS— FOUR SUN! NY UNFURNISHED
• 1 « t — rooms, with bath. ■■ ■■'. ■
I -(\P ELLIS— 3 NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
a|.;:U..p.ny rooms, complete for:housek«eping.
te-:V ■:_;. I- 1 ftli : . Street. .'.
jwifj > ; iFTH-2 SUNN Y FRONT HOUSE-
•)I 4. keeping rooms; elo.set; bath; no children;
p;riTat«.;jio; : -•■• :. --. -■■■■• ' '
S>: :^ '.;■;.: ■;' :■'■■ '. ¥•"» Street. ' ■
&<V A FIHST— S JSU.N N V HOOMSFOB HOUSE-
i&Qy keeping; rent moderate. •
fourth Street.
*>Vr* I 'I P..T H — SUNNY ROOMS; SINGLE
_!'> uiiil hbu!«ekeepinc; z famiies; newly fur-
ijfshedi day,: week or month. '. ■
: mm 7 FOCBTH' V UR x ISU ED HO U S KKE X P
r>y. I -ing- rooms bedroom: and kitchen; $8 and
i?:'^:-.'. ■ *"J .' ■'■■:'■."::'■'. . ■ • ' . . • "
.-<*.• .'■.;.•• ,' :....; ticHry Street.' .
.-.1 -! ; GEAUY (ReTrT-8 SUNNY HOUSE-
I ke<? ping rooms. Key, 217.
Vt-'n V*''' 1911 GKARY, OPP. PARK— A LCOVS
>> 1 U. suit«)» a<ljol.nlngropnl,wlth porcelain sink,
Upsets, bath: furnished hoasekeeplng rooms.
••j'J 5 COMFORTABLE ROOMS; BATH;
,"^> 2i«J . alf. thlugs necessary! 2 beds. 191? Geary.
~ r ~7.~- Harrison street. .'
i 1 - H >. BEDROOM AND Kill HEN
ill furnished for housekeeping: $8. -
•;:.V:-.-\'; ••■'.■• ■•: Hermann- Street.
■ci~l HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA-1 OR 2
— 0 rooms: :. nicely turnlahed with or without
ten en; gas and bath.- .; . •
HOUSEKEEPING KOOSIS - Continued.
iiu«;ti<i Street. ■
t\(\A HOWARD— NICE FURNISHED SUNNY
UI/1- housekeeping rooms; Ist floor: rent $10.
me HOWARD. NEAR FOURTEENTH—
J. i rja Sonny bay-window alcove; gas; bath;
kitchen; reasonable; gas stove.
94-90 HOWARD— 4 OR 5 NEATLY FUR-
— ' J^-<V/ nished sunny bay-window rooms: fine
location; garden; $25.
liycle Street.
61 HYDE ST.— 2 OR 4 UNFURNISHED (CaR-
-2 peted) housekeeping rooms: bath.
9] A HYDE ST.— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED
— 1 \f rooms. complete for housekeeping; no chil-
dren.
.1 «->■«■ Street.
OOj JESSIE— 2 ROOM FURNISHED FOR
O—l housekeeping: $10.
Lark in Street.
09C LARKIN— ELEGANT SUNNY APART-
«J—U ments, furnished complete for housekeepg.
Ql 7 LABKIN— NICE HOUSEKEEPING, SlN-
>.*!- I gle and double furnished rooms; $7 aud up.
Jiillin.c - 1 lee..
9OT MINNA-2 HOUSEKEEPING; COM-
-OI plete: cheap; also single.
CjQ MINNA. ST.— TWO LARGE ROOMS FOR
U"1O housekeeping.
r/jr MINNA— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS FOR
«J 1 «J housekeeping.
Jilhfcion v ir«B!.
QQQ MISSION — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms; $10, $8 and $7 respectively; single
front sunny, *5.
QAH MISSION— 3 OB 3 ROOMS, FURNISHED
xj jc I complete tor housekeeping^
Montgomery Street.
71 (A MONTGOMERY— NICELY FU RNISH-
IID ed rooms for housekeeping; yard and
washroom; c leap rent.
•>aionm Street.
'Cf\^\ NATOMA— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
Out) housekeeping; also single.
rr t 1 NATOMA ST.— 2 FURNISHED FRONT
i '1 1 rooms; light housekeeping; bath and gas.
Ninth Street.
f)AQ NINTH— FRONT BAY- WINDOW SUITE
_Ut7 and kitchen: single rooms; $16: gas and
water.
Folk Street.
Ol Q POLK— SUNNY. HANDSOMELY FUR-
t/J-O alcove, with kitchen, bath, running
water, gas, etc.: new carpets and furniture, com-
plete lor housekeeping; aiso sunny, flat, 4 rooms;
reasonaole.
Powell Street.
Ql (\ POWKLL— 3 SUNNY FURNISHED RMS.
01 v' complete for housekeeping: reasonable.
Scott Street.
1 ft! A SCOTT— 3 OR 4 UNFURNISHED
JLO La: rooms: bath; garden; rent reduced; call
afternoon.
Silver Street.
-I nr SILVER, NR. FOURTH— FURNISHED
JLO«J tunny rooms for housekeeping. •
mxili street.
COQ SIXTH - 4 GOOD UNFURNISHED
%j£'J rooms and cellar; also 2 sunny unfurnished
rooms.
heventli Street.
■I <yn 7TH— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
J OO housekpg rooms; verauaa; yard: reasonable
••teveijson Street.
A(\O STEVENSON, CORNER FIFTH-FUR-
"U«J nlshed rooms for housekeeping.
'laird >iie»
1 \ Q THIRD — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
1 "tO complete front, first floor; bath, gas.
' 1 (i TH RD, COR. rOL'TH PARK— SUNNY
Ol • * rooms for housekeeping; range and run-
ning water.
Washington Street.
-r\C) WASHINGTON— SUNNY UNFURNISIi-
! OU— ed housekeeping rooms; running water.
1 A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — IHU
1 J\. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
BOOMS TO LET.
l.u-U street. \'\"
Ql Q BUSH-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
QJLO rooms.
Clara Street.
9"I CLARA — FURNISHED FRONT ROOM;
—J- rent cheep: board if desired.
Octavia street.
i 41 (* OCTAVIA, NKAR HAVES— 2 NICELY
'iID furnished sunny front rooms: reasonable.
Eddy Street.
QH7 EDDY— FRONT ROOM; GAS; BATH;
O\J I private family; low rent.
Edward Street.
11' F' D WARD — NICEL? FURNISHED
llu rooms; $3, $4 and $5 per month.
1 itmli street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUbB, ?H BTH
St., I, ear Market: furnished an 4 unfurnished.
i.ili» Street.
ITIHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
1 MART, manager— A quiet house; centrally • lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot cold water.
DOSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIH-100 ROOMS
11 at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night.
Everett Street.
9.4 -\ EVERETT— FURNISHED BOOMS, $3.
«-*I»J $4, $5 per month.
Fell Street.
QAO FELL. NR. GOUGH— FURNISHED RMS.,
« )U 'J single, double and for housekeeping.
1 oiHom Street.
■BURNISHED FRONT ROOMS SUITABLE
1 for doctor; also single rooms. 1583 Folsom st.
l.tary Mreet.
9"] 7 1 GEARY, REAR— TWO FURNISHED
-1 I -; rooms; key 217.
'1 Q GEARY— ELEGANT SUITE OF PAR-
i)lu lors; other rooms; light housekeeping If
desired.
AOQ GEARY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
TOO sunny corner suite; also sunny single front
rooms.
(>oltieii <;»re Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE- SUNNY FRONT
_. 1 V rooms, suitable for t; also single: $5 up.
r -1 t' GOLDEN GATE AYE.— HANDSOMELY
OX\) furnished rooms, suitable for 1 or 2 gentle-
men.
COX GOLDEN GATE AYE. —'1 SUNNY
O^O rooms suitable for lor 2 persons; $8 and
$10-
Grant Avenue.
ml GRANT AYE.— FURNISHED ROOMS
2 by day, wet-k or month; transient.
Howard • Street.
1 (\lC\ HOWARD-SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
IUIU hot and cold water; $6 month.
Harrison Street.
LARGE SUNNY FRONT 110051, WITH
JU kitchen. 954 Harrison Rt.
tlonnn Street.
nrj JONES- NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
• single rm.; also sunny alcove rm. : private.
9H7 .'ONES-TUE VAX WINKLE: NEW
Z.\.t I management: elegant tunny suites and
single: newly ltirnisheil; bath, ate.: *IO to S:iil.
Xl Q JONES. N&AR GEARY-$6: SUNNY
0 1 •/ front. room.
Luguna Street.
-I 9A,"v LAGUNA-2 NICE SUNNY FRONT
I— MO rooms: furnished or unfurnished.
'■eurnjr streo 1..
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 327 KEARNY-FLKA*.
ant tunny rooms, en suite and single; smlcliui
:ii 1 very respect: terms reasonable
.' . IMHike Stretu.
TTOBKMITE HOUSE, 1043 MARKET -PER
-1 night, 36c to $1 ; week, $1 60 to $5 : families.
Mary Street.
91 1 MARY, BET. MISSION AND HOWARD-
£>X'Z Neatly furnished rooms: cheap.
Mason Street.
41 rr MASON- FURNISHED ROOMS;
XX • suites and single;' reasonable.
.»i 111111 *-Tr«et:.
(\(\l MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
797 I MINNA — FURNISHED SUNNY
I — I » double room; gas; bath; $7.
.'. lajtlftn lee. .
THE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION. NEAR
1 Fourth— New fireproof building: 80 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern Improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite; 26c tosl SO a day.
nil. MISSION— NICELY "FURNISHED SUN-
*:IO ny suites, or sip^ie; reasonable; board op-
tional. :
O'J ai-rell Street.
1 99 O'FARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
1 — — room for a gentleman; all conveniences;
central; ST. ■'-
VI c 1 . SUNNY ROOM; f6: USE OF BATH.
IN 535 O'Farrell St.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1896.
?■ ROO3IS TO Continued.
Post Street. '■
907 POST— SUNNY FURNISHED rooms, l
Z.\) 1 suitable for downtown clerKs: $6 up.
Q 1 0 • POST— ROOM FOR «.'NE OR TWO
V JLU gents., closet, running water, ref.: $Borslo.
. Sixth S-,r<»ei..
Alt) SIXTH — SUNNY SINGLE FRONT
a— .O room. •. : ■
■1.! ;<•!■ street.
7f|f) SUTTER. COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANT
I vO furnished rooms, all new, by the mouth.
TTNF&RNISHED* ; ALCOVE" ROOM;" itENT
U $10. 835 sutter st.
1111 GUTTER — NICELY FURNISHED
1111 rooms, single, suits, also housekeeping. ....
Taylor Street. •-..--'
3 NICELY FURMSHED ROOMS; MODERN
improvements; rent rtasonaDle. 410 Taylor st.
an >ess Avenne.
■J7LEGANTLY FURNISHED PARLOR SUITE
Xi or single rooms.' 502 Van Nes3 aye.
rrnjVAN NESS AYE. — FRONT SUNNY
I »/"! hall room. $6: no sign. -
BOARDING AND KOO3IS.
aSttJCD — SUMMER BOABDKBS; ROITB
»» cooking: convenient to electric and local steam
cars. 1142 Seventeenth St., East Oak'and.
A RGB BUNNY FRONT SUITE, WITH
■i board; also a single room; all strictly lirst-f lass;
in prlvat* family: references exchanged. Address
M. X., box 43, Call Office.
1 990 MCALLISTER— FINELY FURNISHED
X.£i£i\} sunny roams, with or without board.
CQQ ELLIS — PARLOR FLOOR, 3 ROOMS;
OUO also others; references. ■
"1 1- -1 X POLK (NO RMANDIE)— ELEGANT
-L I 1 «) rooms, single ana suites; newly fur-
nished: opens June 1 as a first-class family hotel;
references. . . , . . ■
HO i L BERTLINO, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given aud required; all mod-
ern convenience*. ■ . ' ■ • ■
CHILDKISN BOABOBD.
\V^o urfTLl ke"t wcTSipTHßisß'cSnS rkn
'» to board: nice home: mother's care; best of
references. 1205 Laguna st.
WIDOW WISHES INFANT OR TWO CHIL-
'» dren to board; healthy locality. Address C. F.,
box 78, Call ottice. . .
L? O j PINE ST.— INFANT OR CHILDREN TO
U*-l board; refined home; best of care.
T> ES PK CT ABLE "GERM A N FA M I LV ' WANTS
JVlor2 children to board and care for; large
play-ground; garden: first-class home cooking;
all plain and fancy needlework taught free to
girls: reasonable. Address W. E.. box 81. Call.
SUMMER KESORTS.
HOTEL VICTORIA, BONORA, CAL,. THE
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland: altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise: the accommodations of
the Hotei Victoria will be found of the h!irh»st
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
RISON, lessee.
CH ILD EN BOARDRD AND W] I.l'- ED
\J for (iur.ng summer vacation on I*i«»ister ranch,
25 miles from city: plenty of milk and fruit;
rates reasonable. Address X., box 64. this office.
STORKS TO LET.
JAKGE STORE^NTrLT^^rL^^E^TFTTL^vX
J-J tor; Mission «t.. bet. Third and Fourth: rent
reasonable. . Inquire E. PETERSON, 324 Bush st.
rpo LET-PAR 1 OF STORE. 1041 STOCKTON
1 street. ■ -
OFFICKS TO LET.
O^TlHT^S^SU^N^^FTlciSs^ro^inOTT^D^^
tor called to Europe; reasonable. Apply Call
OtHce.
1 (JO TAYLOR, COR. TURK-ESTABLISHED
I"'—. doctor's oflice; corner; sunny; rent rea-
sononab c.
Dl .-> X iI") ST, MILLS BUILDING. ROOM 6,
Sixth floor. ■ ■ •
Q9QI AND 707 SUTTER-CIIOICE FOR OF-
C-j£/^ lices and residence combined: reasonable. j
O'FARRELL- SUNNY FRONT OFFICES,
— -V/ electric lights, elevator and janitor services.
qoq MARKET. OPP. mason— lofts OF
«./»># J various sizes; new, modern building. In- i
I quire on premises. . .
CI'HKCKKW BUILDING, 927 MARKK1 1 —
O Elegant sininv offices. $12 50 up: electric-llsht;
heating and janitor service fr<*e. Apply at building !
fr '.. li. I.MHsKN & CO., 14 Moiit-:om'-rv st.
ATTOKN'EYS-AT-LAW.
DTK^E^FItEE^DTv^R^E^LA^TX^P^CI^
ally; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended io. G. W. HOWS, att'y-at-law, S5O Markeu '
T E. PHILLI PS— U. H. AND STATIC COURTS;
■I' K. E. titles and wills: money to loan on i-.h-
-tates; charges moderate. Offices 508 California st.
J. NOLEN, ATTORNEY-AT-L_.W. 719
• Market st. : aq vice free. - .
r\\ J. MURRAY, ATT' Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X . Jaw: advice free. 24 Sixth st.. rooms 14. 15.
\\ r W. DAVIDSON.ATTORNKY-A l'-LAW,42O
" . California St.. rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
SHKKIFF SALKS.
SHERIFF'S SALE- WILLIAM HOLLIH.
O Plaintiff, vs. B. Q. CHANDOs. JENNIE
OOODRIcH. BARAB E. HARDKSTY, LUCY
ROUNTBBE, ALFRED McMAHO.v. E. W.
SCOTT, A. KVBBKTT R\LL, PACIFIC LAND
ASSOCIATION, and JOHN LLOYD, Assignee of
LI.VKIIRTH, KELLOGG & CO., Defendants.
No :<9, 131— superior Court, Department Eight.
Order of Sale and Derree of Foreclosure of Lien.
Under and by virtue of an Order of .-ale and De-
cree of Foreclosure of Lien issued out of the Supe-
rior Court. Dt-purtment No. Eight, of t he city and
County of 5.1.1 Francisco, statf of California, on
th" lith day of May, a. I). 1896, in the above en-
titled action, wherein WILLIAM HOLJLIS, the
above named plaintiff, obtained a Judgment and
Decree of Foreclosure of i.teti against B. 0. Chim-
dos. Jennie Goodrich, Sarah E. Hardestv, Lucy
Rountree. Alfred .'•(cMahon. E. W. Scott, a".
Everett Ball. Pacific Land Association, and John
Lloyd. ass:gnee of Liuforth. Kellogg A Co., defend-
ants, oa the 14th day of Man-h, A. D. 1H94. whhh
said Judgment and Decree was 0:1 the ltfth rti.y of
-Murch. A. D. 1894, recorded In Judgment Book 17
of sbUI Court, at 1 uje r>44, 1 am commanded 10 sell
all those certain lois, pieces or parcels of land, ait-
me I 'ing, arid being in the City and County of
r-sn Francisco, state of California, aud bounded
and described xs follows:
First— commencing on the southeast corner of
Potrero avenue nnd El Dorndo street, thence south
along the east line of Potrero fvenne fifty f et,
thence east at right » nijles one hundred feet,
thence north Ht n_ht angles fifty feet to the south
line of El Dorado street, theuce west filon^ the
south line of El Dorado street one hundred feet to
point of beginning.
second— Commencing on the easterly line of Po-
tri-ro avenue li.y teei south of the corner of Po-
trero avenue and El Dorado s'reet, thencfl south
ul'.n.: said east line of Potrero avenue forty feet,
thence ens' at right angles one hundred feet.
thence north at right angles forty feel, thence west
at right angles one hundred feet to the jxjim of be-
ginning.
Third— Commencing on the easterly line of Po-
trero a\-enae ninety feet south of l-.l Dorado street,
th-nce south along the easterly line of 1 otrero
avenue fifty-one and six-twelfths feet, thence east
at right angles one hundred feet, thence nor;h at
right angles fifty-one and six-twelfths feet., thence
west at right angles oue hundred feet to the point
of beginning.
Public Notice Is hereby given that on TUBS-
DAT, tbe 28d day of June, a. D. 1896. at 12
O'clock noon of that day. in front of the New 1 1- y
Hall. Larson street wing, In the City and County of
San Francisco, I will, in obedience to suid Order of
sale and i> cr il Foreclosure of 1 ten, sell the
above de crlbed property, or *o much thereof as
ma> be nccess.ry to rinse sufficient money to sat-
isfy said Judgment, with interest and costs, etc,
to the highest and best bidder, for lawful mouoy of
the United States.
RICHARD I. WHELAN, Sheriff.
f»an Francisco, June Ist, 1896.
D. H. WHli'l Klli'iii-,, No. 318 Pine street,
Sun FrandtpO. Attorney for Plain; iff.
TKUSTKKS' SALKS.
mRUSTEES' HALE-IN ACCORDANCE WITH
I • ii • terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by OTTO BRANDT,
party of the tirst part, to HENRY c. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, parties of
the second part, and the San Francisco Saving*
Union, party of the third part, dated February Bth,
1893, and recorded in the office of the County Re-
corder of the county of Tulare, State of California,
In Liber 10 of Trust Deeds, at pago 265. ami follow-
ing: and in pursuance &f a resolution passed on
the 14th day of Muy. 1896, by th.- Board of Direc-
tors of said San Francisco ;»avlu«B Union, a cor-
poration, and the holder of the note (No. 12,292),
to secure payment of which tbe aforesaid deed of
trust was executed, declaring that default had
been mode in the payment of the principal sum
and other sums, doe under .said note and deed of
trust, and requesting and directing said HKNKY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDKUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said Indebtedness.
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KKNT, Trusted, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 23d day of June, A. D. 1H96, at 12
o'clock noon of that ''ay, and ai the auction sales-
room of Kaston, E drill-." & Co.. No 608 Mnrket
street. In the City mid county of . San .-Francisco, i
Bute of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
, United Stales, all the pieces or parcels ol land .sit-
uate in the county of Kings (formerly part of the
county of Tulare), State of California, described us
follows, to wit : -■- ■'
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of th« Government of the United States:
In township nineteen (.19) sontli, rangr; twenty-
on& (21) east, Mount DlHbto base and meridlnn.
Of section thirty (30). the northwest quarter
(NW. 14). ;
Of section thirty-two (32), the northwest quar-
ter (NW. 1/4).
Containing three hundred and twenty (320)
acres of land, more or less.
- Together with the appurtenances.
Terms of sale— Cash in gold coin of the United
states; ten per pent payable to the undersigned on
the lull of- the hammer; • balance ou delivery of I
deed: and if not so ptid, unless lor want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited aud the sale to be void.
Acts of Bale at purchaser's expense. ,
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, )_.„_.
.THADDEUS B. KENT; JTrust*«s.
PERSONALS. ;
TT^^^O^E^ST^Tu^rT^rcTL^r^Oß^NOON
*'» of to-day, Tuesday, Thursday or Friday. J. G.
PEWARD— THE MASTER PAINTERS' A -
It sociatlon offer a reward of $20 for information
leading to the arrest and conviction of any one
stealing tools or material, from. any of the places
where work is being done. ■ -:■-■-
ONES— GET YOUR HAIR DRESSED ~TO-
night at Q.:LED_;RER'S, 111 Stockton st.;
don't get him mixed up with the others; be is ;
nearest Geary St.: he Is undoubtedly the best and
his price Is only 25 cents. BESS. :
ANTED-TO KNOW THE WHEREABOUTS
M of Australia. Jack Dock, the 'teamster, and
George, the engineer, John Decorsey/and Hunter
Smith, and any other friends of George M. Drum.
Kindly communicate or call at 110 Fourth, room 6.
A.TCH, JEWELRY REPAIRING: LOW
II prices and first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J . N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
AIR DRESSED. 25c: SHAMPOO, 25c; M A -
icure, 25c. BUTLER'a. 131 Post, r. 20,eIevtr.
fv your DRESS GOODS, table LINEN,
JJ lace curtains, lowels, hosiery, underwear, para-
sols, corsets, embroidery, luces, buttons., linings,
threads, handkerchiefs, veilings, bedspreads, etc,,
very cheap at Pioneer Dry Goods store, 105 Fifth.
ONSUMPTION TREATED BY a NEW
method. DR. AMERICAN. 36 2 Geary st.;
hours 12 to 2:30.
DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A spk-
cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, coll--ctlous wills, <le<=ds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-ayaw, 880 Market st
80. W. PHELPS, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 215
Sansome St., room 4. 
"PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X course taught In six weeKs; competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye. -
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guarantied parties. $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorinj; Coiupauy,Ul7 Market St., bet 7th and Bth.
THK ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
40, 46 Sixth st ; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c: cats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
T IBk&AL AT-VANCf.3 OS DIAMOND^, ji,A'-
JU elr>% etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
5 PECIAL— SOL. SHIPPER & CO., MERCHANT
Tailors. Bpreekela building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self-measurement
card* sent free; country trade solicited. .
TRUN MOV Kl\ 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
J- Transfer Company. 43 Sutter it.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us. ■
1 i\l\C\ CARDS, ">1 50: SHOW CARDS, 15c;
IUUU tel. Bi&ck 141. HILL. 22 Geary B u, r. 39.
SK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash: cures scalp diseases: take no other.
AZOK EXCHANGE, 030 MARKET ST.;
-IV fine edge put on razor for 25 cent*.
TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TERMS YOU
-^'V can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : aiso
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CJI I I.D'.S, 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings,
LECI r R I C LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and bag?at;e to and from the ferry.
KTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
"OARTLNGTON'si SCHOOL Ob' MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes; Instructors. J. H. K. Partlngton, Gertrude
Partlngton,R.L.Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
CITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, remcTed from Larkln st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JaUSSaUD.
IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICONSHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisements in living liuht; promoters of buji-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
01.D GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
CLOAKM, CAPES AND SUITS RKTAILKD AC
mfrV rout. Factor*. .-' ■■;in«nm° *.:.. inn:v^
DUKSSMAKKKS.
DRESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP:
lawn $1 up. 605% Natoma Bt., above Sixth.
yIIATA V LO R - E I K< ■ A XT STYLISH SUITS,
1 L*> $5 un: ilrnn»« Mm!.- ov>r.
SIKDICAL.
ALL CASES oF^IRREOULAUITIES 'UE-
■i\- stored In a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
: vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the
: doctor before going elsewhere: you will save time
, and expense; consultation free and confidential.
% MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Pos: St., near Larkln.
UELMATISM CURED BY MAGNETIC.AND
iV electric treatment. WALLACE, 20V 3 Stockton.
. 1 A DIES, CpNSULT FREE MKS. DR. SOOTTi
JU 216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
"DKCARD'S PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty: also "line Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
> MacDonough building, Oakland.
MK>. DR. WEGENKR TAKES LADIES BE-
I'J- fore And during confinement: infants adopted
: Into good homes; tr>u:sall female complaints or
irrogularltlea successfully. 419 Eddy st. '
ITT 188 H< ,n.AIi"OR A.NY- FEMALE Dis-
ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 264 Vi Fourth st.
ICS PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT;
-L' all female diseases treated: expert physicians;
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearny st., room 9.^
A MBS. DR. WEGEA'ER, PRIVATE "HOME
. for ail female diseases: separate rooms for la-
dies before and durinz confinement; all female
I diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and
I arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish tablets, $2; infallible preventa-
tlves, $1. 419 Eddy st.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
tnent or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for ■ all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day:
helped at once; can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, ;-ilB Kearny st.
[PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT" MRs!
X DR. FUNOKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
DR. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market st., near Sixth.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
! their sex: latest, improved method of treatment;
! never falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
1 effects; never makes them sick to make them
I well: travelers helped immediately v prices to suit
: tbe times; home in confinement. DR. <S Mlts.
! DAVIE4, 14 McAllister su, next Hlbernla Bank;
; consult free. ■ French regulating pink pills, £2.
US. GOODWIN MAKES 'A SPECIALTY OF
DRB, QOODWIH MAKES A bPECIALTY Of
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
I regularity in one day; cure or no charce; separata
home for patients; best skill; medical altend-
uce: low ites; regulator $'<& 1370 Market at.
SURE CUKE FOR ALL FEMALirDLSfcASES,
from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
Mils. DR. GWYKIt, 226 Turk st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE,
don't fall to see MRS. DR. PUETZ, 254^ 4th.
DR. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER MKEKT, NEAR
;Jonfi. Diseases of women and children.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
A ladles troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 v-xprees C. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Col.
riHDAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $100, post-
ag free. ' v. ■■->■
DENTISTS.
T7lin^Cl^Alss"^^rTsTR V :■ FIRST-CLASS
X prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C HAR-
DING, C.M., M.D., 600 Sutter St., corner Powell.
R. DUCKETT, 1703 P(i-'f ST., NEAR BU-
X) cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
DR. L. T. 1 KAN Z-EXTR ACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and terth wlthoa;
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ava.
f ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
' ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1 ; extracting 6.0 c, with gas $1.
HON~KST WORIC: VERY LOWEST PRICEsT
DR. HARDOA'jTLK, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
(_?7 A NET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
«Jp 1 good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 980 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
l \R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET si.
AJ near Eleventh: no charge tor extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. ■
"LTLL -Sis. i' OF TKKTiI, $7; WARRANTED
J? five years. > DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 Sixth SL
SET OF TifiKTH WITHOUT A PLaTK. DX IL
k5«.. YOUNG. 1841 Polk si. .
, 1 vR. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE -GENUINE
AJ Leek dentist, discoverer of nalnl<-M extraction
and patentee of ■ Improved .bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
"PAINLKSS EXTRACTION. 600; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 rears'
experience. R. L. WA Lsll. 1). D.s.. s :,.\ A Geary.
I iK, 11 H. SHAW, 224 KEARN V — ERIIiUE-
AJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
/ OIiTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. bOti AlAii-
ketst. DX. CHARLES W. DKCKSR.
It. J. J. LEEKriSOO MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open STenlmpl: Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WA.E- .
ranted. DR. J. W. KliY, 1129 Market st.
'MIEAPESTAND BEST IN AMERICA— TUB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent -to any .address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
nyn free. - - ' - '.- j__'i... :'.'-' ■-■--■-
PHYSICIANS. :
T)ET«m'"E^n^t"iX^Tl7D^N?rKLT^T^T2OB
AX Market St. : diseases of woman a specialty. .- . . ■ ;
D~ ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market : st. ; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
M.U'- worst cases treated satisfactorily by moil. -'■
- . ;, ;• ~ IdtWINO MACHINES. "~
Ct"9rT~AT MOST Nl-AV: 7-dra wer domes-
•lpZt). tic 'sewing" machine; complete. • 1915
Mission St., near Fifteenth. -■--,-.- '■■-- -■■- . -.--.-• ;
ALL KI N DS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,"
rented, repaired: lowest ratm."^ -Mo Fourth at. ;
" ~~ BICYCLES. -: ~~ -—• — —
PARK CVCLEHV-NENV W 1 1 K K L3 ~TO~LE"f ;"
' I best . accommodations. ;> Terminus Geary, Mo-
Aiiister und Powell su car line* j
[ CITY REAL ESTATE.
ACO_r~H X \M AN. RE A L ESTATE, HAS
removed to 11 Montgomery St.. .
"I?OR SALE— A CABINET-FINISHED KESI-
-1. dence; all natural wood; no paint or graining:
quarter-sawed oak, blrdseye muple, mahogany
and curley redwood; Roman brick-mantels: it
will pay you to 'look a: It if you want .1 boma;
every room sunny; unobstructed marine ■■ view.
Apply to owner, cor. Clay and Laurel sts.
ARGAIN; SACRIFICE; NO REASONABLE
oiler refused; beautiful home; grand view;
large grounds; water, stable, etc.: would exchange.
SHADBURNE. 415 Montgomery st.
A -LITTLE 12-KOOM PACIFIC
Heights home; 813,500; 1/3 cash; balance
$100 per month. Address S., box 62, Call Office.
dj»:r/-\rv CASH: BALANCE LIKE RENT:'
<J5«-)U"L/ fine 2-story bow-window residence, 10
rooms, bath and modern conveniences; lot 25x
100: McAllister St., bet. ■ Broderick and Baker:
cable-cars pass.
THOMAS M AGEE & SONS, 4 Montgomery st,
T/'OR SALE. CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES:
Jl lot 27 :6x85 ; :7 • rooms: ; bath ; finished base- .
ment; rooms decdrated; electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller St., near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park. . .
(Jj . ) . 'Afk SMALL AMOUNT DOWN, WILL
<_5»30U1/. buy a lovely 7-room cottage located
on E. side of Castro st., near 23d; lo: 25x105: line-
ly decorated spacious rooms: stairs in front, hall to
attic: porcelain tut): everything modern through-
out; $30 per month; don't fail to cull and examine
it. S. A. BORN, owner and builder. 4075 24: h st.
QAN RAFAEL LOT WORTH $3000 ..'FOK
i~ $1600: nicest lot, in town: on accep.ed street;
75x130. J. R. ROCHE, San Rafael.
OTS $160 — FRU IT VALE TERMINAL
tract; $5 mo. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
C' HEA P; HIGH LEVEL LOTS IN WEST
) Berkeley; near station: near good schools.
$375— Lot 39x135 ; !?r>o down. $5 monthly. I
$200— Lot V:5x130: $5 down, $5 monthly.
$550— Lot, 50x120; sewered; $23 down, $10
monthly. - ' ■
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
ODEBN 2-6 TOBY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basemen: and attic, built for $2500:
fiats and cottages built at most reasonable lawn.
Call and see plans. J. McCONAIIEY, 1149 Mission
T.IOR SALE — ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSE,
J: just completed, opp. Park: modern. 1917 Oak.
Oil C\(\ CASH; . BALANCE SAMS AS RENT :
-LUU cheap cottage home in Mission. Me-
EWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
A N ELEGANT WOW 1) BEDROOM SET
x\. for sale cheap. 843 Castro st.
<2<inn ■ NKW COTTAG B AND LOT; FIVE
t^)O\J\J. rooms: hnrd litiisbed. Inquire LEiS-
ER'S grocery ore, 3430 Mission St., near Thirty-
first. -
ffl. 1 j'ft RARE CHANCE FOR a home:
t©JL I»JU. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms; corner
lot, 50x50. Holly Park; small payments, same as
rent. CADENAS.so St CO., 512 Montgomery st.
nf\(\ NEW RESIDENCE OF 7 ROOMS.
<j7"x I( UU. bath and modern Improvements;- lot
28x125; half cash, balance at 6Vji percent interest.
Apply BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery St.,
Or 15 Chattanooga St., nr. 21st.
WANTED— SMALL SUNNY COTTAGE AND
>> lot; state particulars. C L., box 34. Cal I Office.
COUNT JIY KKAL ESTATE.
aIiIN~COUNTY— 3000 1 ACRES _6 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble lan. l; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
GRAND RANCH, OFI- EitED ASA WHOLE
or in visions to suit purchaser: you could
not imagine a more desirable location nor a
better tract of very rich, deep, black loam,
than every square foot of this 2 43% acres
really is. It's gilt edse and must be so.d, and so
I jure you to improve the Men opportunity of
securing the cream of that lovely Napa valley by
secnrinK at least a portion of this ranch for
half its actual value: splendid . fruit,
vine, corn or vegetable lan 1 ; now all In very
thrifty crop of srain, except the beautiful grounds
surrounding the COMPLETE AND GOOD SET
OF BUILDINGS and the 6 acres of assorted
I varieties of full-bearing fruit tres: sprinkled
I county road forms , the three-quari-er mile
of front boundary and Napa River the rear;
i a 2%-arp deep, clear lake, full of fish, fed by
never-failing springs, is an unusual and valuable
; feature: also splendid well: abundance of fuel and
! shude from large oaks alone bank of river aud
scattered over place and the Vj mile shaded en-
trance avenue; k'.» simply grand; would exchange.
>. D. NICKELS,
....THE....
LAND AGENT, >- > .
620 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, S. F.
s.]] tl||A 1 HAVE 6 IMPROVED STOCK
'_ L LwUUVi ranches, neareachothT, all olenr,
aggregating 1120 acres; will exchange: tine resi-
dence in GUroy. $4000, and San Jose. $3500: 20-
-acre ranch, Sonoma County, $1000; 30 acres fruit
laud near Napa, $2200; 2 acres in Nupa, $'• 500;
leva acres vineyard at St. Helena, $1600; all
clear; elegantly furnished Bummer villa In Santa
Cruz Mountains. CHA a COLTON, 906 Market st.
*|?ob. HOMES IN LOS(J\TOB OR OROIIARDS
J? in the vicinity or in ana Cruz Mountains call
or address C. K. BTKTSON.TMX 298, with B. H.
Noble & Co. ••■''-.- '
TO (SAVE FORECLOSING MORTGAGE —
Choice lands $35 per acre; 1 Va hours from city.
Alameda Land Company, 57 Chronicle building.
' /IONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
\J send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez. CaL
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD 110.MK3
for sale. WOOST ER A WH ITTON. wan Jose.
T ITTLK HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: IM-
-LJ proved: easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 act 9
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with email house, etc. D. H. TW'LNU, bouom-
<.'l:v. Itmntre tilij Market fit.. S. F.
PKOPKKTY WASTED.
T^XntT^AN T E D I N "L.VRGTTI^DIi^snniOM'
li 1000 acre 3 up; improved or unimproved; will
deal with owners only Address Farm, Field and
Fireside, Homeseekers' Department, Chicago, ill.
\y ANTED— RESIDENCE, FOR STOCK AND
'» hoe ranch, owner. 20 O'Farroll St., room 4.
31on.ey to loan.
WILL~LbAN~f 'JOOO ON MIXIN^Jc^REAL
I pro erty. !•-., box 3, Call OllH-e.
mo LOAN HY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
A to $5000 on good security. P.O.box 444, Oakland
"1 OANS ON REAL 1 STATE IST CR 2ND
i-'mortgases, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates.. BECKER, H-H Montgomery.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
J\- jewelry, also 00 furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market st.; open evenings.
A NY AMOUNT: IST. 2D or 3D MORTGAGES:
A estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate. AIcCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, room 3.
I CANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WaTCHEs,
J jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments; Interest low; private entrance: private
rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
16 Grant aye.
\f ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
IM, est per month for each 81000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance.. Coin, bo.x 2. Call.
ONEY LOANED ON JtWhLKl' . AN O
other valuables at the Pecnrity Loan Otncv
110tJMarketsi..nr. Masont private entrance 7 TurX.
I 41REOTON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
AJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. Rm. 69, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market st.
JOS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
v life Insurance policies, ■ 33i) Pine st. '
LOANB ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
•»6Tdc2D MORTGAGE*; IN'I'ERKM TS IN X*
lutee:iowes: rates:no dfIuv.MURt'HY.U'JS airkt.
\ DVANCKSON DIAMONDS,JK\VELKY. etc
-'\ (olnmblu U'»ii X co'lim-ral OfHoo. i' Grant ova.
. ■ I>AW>'UKOK£JU.S. .
A~~T~T26~~KEA BHT : ST~ ROOM 9-MONB Y
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pa-
vate room < elevator: pledjtea for sal » cheap.
LIiGAL, NOTICES.
ickt. i t REDITOBS— EST ATE I ■!•■ BLIZ
IN R. HILL, deceased. Notice Is hereby given by
the undersigned, admin sirntor of - the -estate of
ELIZA R. HILL, deceased, to the creditors of and
all persons having claims against. the said, de-
ceased, to exhibit them with the necessary vouch-
ers within four months after the tirst publication of
this notice to the said administrator at the ollice of
M. S. TAYLOR, City Hall, Alameda. County of
Alameda, State of California, which said oflice th'-
undersigned selects as his place of business in all
matters connected with sold estate of ELIZA R.
HILL. dece«sed. t GEORGE A. HILL,
Administrator of the estate of ELIZA R. HILL,
deceased.
Dated Aiameda, May 29, 1896. .' '
TVTOTICE — NOTICE ■" IS. HEREBY GIVEN
li that the Ci y Treasurer of Los Angeles, Cat..
Is prepared to nay funding bonds, Nos. 11, 12, 13,
14, 1 5, 18. 17, 18, 19. 20, 21, 22. as. 24, 25, 26,
for the sum of $500 each, issued in 1881, with all
Interest accrued thereon, on presentation at the
otHce of the City Treasurer of LOa Angeles, Cal.;
and. if the some are not presented for redemption
within forty (40) days after ■ tliM first publication
of this notice the Interest stud bonus will ce->se.
, W A. HAIITWELL. City Treasurer.
Los Angeles, Cal- May 28. 1891.
NITKD STATES CIRCUIT COURT. NI.n'TH
U Judicial Circuit, Northern District of Cali-
tornlu. ■-- -...-• '-.■.:
in the matter of a special session of said Circuit
Court.
Pursuant to section 634 oi the Revised Statutes
of th United States it Is •
Ordered that a special , session of . the Circuit
Court of the .United States of America of the
Ninth Judicial circuit, In and for the Northern
Dlgtrlotof California, be and hereby Is nppolnted
to be held at the courtroom of said court In the
United States Appraisers' ■ building, '- In the City
and County of Sail Francisco, In said district, on
Friday, the 12th day of June, in the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.
. Witness my hand and seal at the. City and
County of San Francisco this twenty day of
May, A. D. 1896.
Sea!. I Signed] JOSEPH McKENNA.
Uni'ed States Circuit Judge, Ninth Judicial Dis-
trict. "?»<aia3j_s«i«« -■.--. . ■ . ■- ,-■-:.■
To BARRY BALDWIN Esq., United States
Marshal, Northern District of California, :
And W. J. COSTIGAN Esq., Clerk I' nlied States
Circuit Court, Northern District, of California.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND liKAt KB*AT». - _
BARGAINS, BARGAINS, BARGAINS FOR
the times.
dTjioriri 5 ROOM COTTAGE; NEWLY PA-
<JP-L^-UU. pered and pain:ed: deep basement;
lot 50x150: situated near 13: have.. Kaic Oakland.
<2*l aflfi 5-ROOM COTTAGE WITH BATH,
«3plul»U. laundry. hUh basement, water, gas,
sewers, etc.: situated on 19th aye.: o^ily ?150
cash, balance in installments oi $18 or $20 per
month.
TWO COTTAGES OF 9 ROOMS;
tIPOUUU. lot 60x140: located on East 14th st.,
within one block Of business center of East Oak-
land; also within one block of two car lines and
only three blocks from broad-gauge station; both
cottages now rented. '
ffI;PKAA BEAUTIFUL 10ROOM HOUSE;
tP\JO\J\J. near new Peralta Heights, East Oak-
land: reception hall: porcelain bath; 2 elegant
mantels, one of them solid maho;any;. bouse done
in panel work throughout, with b-an:ifu ly fres-
coed cup ceilings: hlgn ground; fine view: prop-
erty cost owner nearly $9000; terms half cash,
balance time to suit purchaser, with interest at 6
per cent. '
We have dozens of other houses listed on the
same low basis as the above-mentioned, all re-
duced from one-third to one-half In price, in order
to sell them: we have also many fine building lots,
on which the owners would be very glad to realize
two-thirds of what they have been offered for them
in the past. Money! Honey!! is what they want
and must have. Have you sot money? And do
you want a home? | If so, now 13 your time to get
it before the tide turns.
B. H. WELCH & CO., real estate, cor. Fifth aye.
and Eighteenth si., East Oakland.
S N AP— sBoo; HOUSE OF4 ROOMS; CHICKEN-
house: good well and water: lot 75x114: nil
fenced; near Frultvale aye.: easy terms. Fruit-
vale Land Company, Fr'iitvule station.
XT' OR RENT— AN KLKGANT RESIDENCE OF
-T 10 rooms on Fruitvale aye.: furnished or unfur-
nished; beautiiul grounds; profusion of flowers.
fruit and shrubbery ;' carriage-house, barn, etc.
Fruitvnle Land Company, Frultvale station.
T OOK! $100! LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS;
XJ no interest; near local trains and electric car*.
H. B. PINNEV, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
HOUSES-$550, 3 ROOMS; $900. 9 I'.OUMS:
$1100, 4 rooms and hnll: $1200, 8 rooms: all
near local train. LODGE & POWELL, Fruit-
vale Station. ' ■
OUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale s:a-
-lioh: 45 minutes to Kan Francisco: 18 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
gas and water In. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, KDWARD DICK, ugcut, Fruitvale ata-
lion. - - ' ■ ~
OAKLAND BOUSES TO LET.
IT'OR RENT— SI 7 50 ON V, 7^tOOM^FLAT;
1. no dark or inside rooms: -losets: stoves all set;
water; dumb-waiter; 956 Union St., Oakland.
A. 11. Hl'. Xl- .!> A- I- .. 460 Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FtKNITUKJC fOX SALE.
"2Toe\ fT7t>rrT7 r TrE~4^{T)T)Sr«r hTscheXi^
s < O. HAAS'. 403 Eleventh <■: . Oakland. . .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALA3IKI>A REAL KSTATK.
ARCUSE~& R^MMKLJ CONTRACTORS
and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
$2200—825 cash, $20 monthly; 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
$2450— $25 cash, $22 50 monthly: 53x117; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 35x100; sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
83000— No cash: $25 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 6 room
$3250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, in
elegant location.
Several special bargains in lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
I "TOR SSALE— COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS AT
' very low price: also two unimproved lots. Ad-
dress 908 Ea^'le aye., Alamo-do.
OOK— s3so FOR LOTa HALF A BLOCK
from Park st., Alameda, on installments: fins
location. H. B. PINNEV. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
IfRUIT ORCHARD INVESTMENT; WILL
net 30 per cent: 30 acres peach, apricot, prune
and pear, selected especially for canning and dr.,-
ins; canuery near that will make live ear's con-
tract for fruit; best and safest fruit orchard propo-
sition In the State. JOHN T. HALL. Alameda, Cal.
pOTTAGE, 4 ROOMS AND BATJI, LARGE
\J lot, $1800, $200 cash, balance easy terms:
cottage, 4 rooms, large lot, $1000 cash. THOS.
F. BAIBD, 1303 Park st. ■
iafo-~nn choice new 6-room cottage.
»3!_OUU. lot SSxlO9, all street «*: $200
cash. $25 a month; nice cottage. 4 rooms, lot,
$1500, terms. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
Hi ).M !-.S~~£i:iLT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of ail ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 6, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. R. DENSE, real estate, architect and
builder, 1502 Seventh St.. Alameda. ■ ' .
A SNAP— IF YOU WAN'jJ TO SEE A PRETTY
-lV house look at the one just finished on Central
aye., between Oak and Walnut sts.,' Alameda: I
am sure If you wished to buy It will suit you. as it
Is for sale: 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and
finished; open most every afternoon. GEO. B.
M. GRAY, 453 Ninth St.. Oakland.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 , CENTS — THIS
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailiaa.
ALA3IKDA HOUSES TO LET,
TO RENT— NEW COTTAGE; 5 KOOMS; ALL
modern Improvements; lawn: flowers: rent
$20: water free. 1434° Ninth St., bet. Mastlck and
Kncinal station, AlamcdK.
UKKKKLKV KKAL KSTATK. '
I|>OR SALE— A LOVELY NEW HOME IN
Berkeley; close to station and univrslty; 9
rooms; entirely modern: a genuine bargain: only
$3150. O. G. MAY <fe CO, 2123 Center. Berkeley.
|O>KPn J. Mason, real ESTATE A D
•J insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank. . :
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
"JT on easy terms. O. G. MAY it CO., real estate
and hulldii!'*. 2123 Outer St.. Berkeley.
i;i-.i:ki:i.i v houses.
OR £«NT^^HOIGKBT~ LOCA Tlosr'"lN r
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; to lintt-class tenant long term, See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley. ?
L'OK KENT— FURNISHED HOUSE: 5 ROOMS
I and batn; piano; $30. 1014 Virginia St., near
Shattuck aye.. Berryman station.
' PKOPERTX TO EXCHANGE.
&(*•( LARGE COBJNXbT LOT~~I W VuTTkS
QUO. City; worth #200. DECKER, 1020 Market.
'nA BARGAINS— WHAT . DO YOU WANT?
iJUU 20 houses nnd lots from $1260 t0.. .510,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to 80,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,O<K)
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $-00 to. 3,000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
WANTED— TO EXCHANGE LOT IN AICH-
"' moiid district for small place in the country;
call at 207 Point Loom aye. J. J. MILLER.
L^XCUANOE-FOR IMPROVED RANCH. UN-
JU lricumbered. lot in San Francisco. 47x114 feet,
on Twenty-fourth St.. No*. 932 and 934,w1t1i build-
Ings In cood condition 1 2 stores; large hall com-
pletely fitted up; 4-rooni cottage: eleotric-cai-s on
street; valuation $8000; mortgage $3000. J., box
4, Call Oflice. - ' ' -
1 9fifi ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
J <-jOw wnter: fine for catlle-ratslns. N..bx.l6.Cail
~~~— * . . -,
PROPOSALS.
S~~PI?IN(P VALLEY ATE R WOR~KS?~6I6
o California street, San' Francisco. —sealed bids
will be received at the Secretary's office of the
Spring Valley Water Works, 516 California street,
up to 12 m. on the first day of June next, for any
part of live thousand (5000) shares of the stock of
the company, in lots of not less than ten (10)
Bhares. - -
All stock allotted on said bids will be ready for
delivery on the. 11th day of June following, nnd
must be taken and paid for on or before the 15th
of said month.
- All bids must be accompanied by a deposit of
five ($5) dollars per share, iv gold coin or certified
check.
No bids will he entertained at less than ninety-
nine (399) dollars per shorn.'
By order of the Board of Trustees.
PKLUaM W. Anus, Secretary.
San Francisco, May 21, 1896.
PROPOSALS— STATE PRISON SUPPLIES.
X Sealed proposals will be received at the oflice of
the clerk at Suite Prison, Kan Quontln, until 10
a. m., Saturday, the 13th day of Juno, 1896, and
at the office of the clerk at State Prison, Folsom,
until 9:30 a. M., Saturday, the 2(>th day of June,
IS9G. a* which times and places tbey will be
opened in presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, consisting
of subsidence, stores, forage, fuel, clothing, medi-
cines, lime, cement and other ' staple supplies,
Jrom July 1. 1898.-to June 80. 1897, Inclusive, on
conditions as per printed schedule, which wi 1 be
furnished upon application at either or tho abovo.
ot'ii' 1 I -...;•■ 1
No bid will be considered unless made upon said
schedule*, nor unless accompanied by the certified
check therein -. required, nor from any other
parties than : bona-fide dealers in tho classes
of articles to be furnisned. Each bidder must
accompany - his • bid with ;'.' a certified check
upon some ; well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount, payable to R. M. FITZGERALD, presi-
dent of said board, cf : his bid, conditioned that the
1 bidder will enter into a contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance as required by law. '-.
; BldsMor either priitou must, be marked sepa-
rate. - All payments made on contracts will be
paid in cash or Controller's warrants. ■
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions of
the schedules. •• ■-. •• :■- .. •■. •■•■■-..•
The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public interest may require, and to or-
fler any quantity over or under the amount speci-
fied. ■ •■ R. M. FITZGERALD, ITeiidenU
J. V. Ellis, Clerk. . :
LOST.
T OST- 1 TiiTaTFTrY "o.^s^tijrdayTmay
i-i 30, a. srarfpin, emerald and diamonds. Suit-
able reward will be paid on I leaving at I PRESS
CLUB. -.'■•■■■ - :_■■■{■. -,-..-■■
1 OST— A BIRD DOG; WHITE WITH BROWN
-I -i spots: 910 reward.' 961 Howard st.
OST— GOLD WATCH; MONOGRAM J T;
suitable reward. , 1459 O'Farrell ss. ■ :■ ; ■■
7 OST— $25 ~rTwa it I)- M ALL DOG; TAN
JJ color: blacic stripe down back; white ring
around neck; white feet and tall. The above re-
ward will b» paid by retarolng same to W. T.
CLARK. Windsor Hotel. Fif:b ,ml Market sts.
I OST, MONDAY— BROWNISH IIED MEMO-
JJrandum book, going from California Hole: to
Palace..- Reward it' leturned to Palace Hotel
laundry. * ; . '.';'-•
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THK UIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco. in
the name of A..CUP.I. .No. 146570. The
finder will please' return to bank. .»
LAIMI SHUTiMi INTiiLLItiIiNCJ!:.
"~~ ?;■ .T^ Arrlvoii. r ~~~*
' %- : ; " "" SUNDAY, May 31.
Stmr City of Everett. Bucknam, S3 hours from
Nanaimo; 3640 tons coal, to John Kosenfela's
Sons.
■ Sclir .1 G Wall, Gallup. 3 days from Eureka;
140 M ft lumber, to Chas Nelson. . . •
. Schr Laura Pike. Johnson, 37 hours from Eu-
reka; lumber and shinKles. to Cims Nelson.
BtKTIIS-^M A S|IM AOI^— DEATJkT
(Birth, marring" and death notices sent by mill
will - not be inserted. They must bs handed In at
either of the publication otllfies and be indorse!
with the name and residence of persons authorlzal
to have the same published.] "'.
15ORX.
ABMKS-In Los Gat May 28, 1896, to the wlf«
of. Clayton Amies, a son. , ■ ;"-V-'.-:.>J^
DAVIS— In this city. May 31, 1896, to the wife of
Andrew M. Davis, a daughter.', r. •V: .;%\iK
HOGAN— In this city. May 28, 1896, to the wife of
M. Hoxan. a daughter. ; : •■ ,
SILVER— To the wife of Otto Silver, a daughter.
WARREN— To the wife of William P. Warren,
a dau Bluer. ■ . . . :.
MAKliltll).
PMITH-MUItTHA— In this dty. May 30. 1898,
by the Rev. William li. Tubb, William SmitU
and Katie Murtha. both of San Francisco.^
.: Ultlt.
Re hn arm. Carl M. I.urua, Francois ■:'■•
Callachan, Kate i. Louse. Nlcbolaus ■ .
Chervin, Fannie' LusK, Sirs. I'uzabeth
Cooper. Minna > ' ' Pel r<on, Aniers .
Cox. James P R«t»xdon, Edward D.
DavMabn, Jacob Kobcke, Sophia , :
Dolan. Minnie . Bftftlg, J..G. . ■ - : : :
Fiizpatrick.CatherineT sweet, Tom G. ' •;', •
Johnston, William P. artley, Kate M.
Kelton, Charles I. We.inian. ii-ori;e 11. ■
Klttler, May Kvit Wilson, Hannah T.
BECHMANN— In West Berkelpv, May 29, 1808,
Carl M. Bechmann, a native of San Francisco,
aced 1 year and 9 months. '. •': ■•"■ •
CHERVIN-In this cltr, May 30. 1896, Fannie,
beloved wife of Sam Chervin, and daughter of
Mrs. Theresa Altaian, a native of San. Francisco,
aged 31 years. ■ , •'. ■ •
XT' Friends and acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 330b seventh street, thence to hills
of Eternity Cemetery by 11:45 o'clock a.m.
train from Third and Townseu'd streets. : ■ ■;.
COOPER-In this city, May SO, 1896, Minna, be-
loved wife of Salomon Cooper, a native of Kepln,
■. Poland, aged 85 year 3.
COX— In this city. May 30. 1896, James Peter, be-
loved son of Hannah and the late James A. Cox,
a native or San Francisco, aged 6 years 10
months and 8 nays. '■■ ■ ■
, JKJ-The funeral will take place THIS DA
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock p. M., from the
mother's residence, 236 Noe street. Interment
private, Holy Cross Cemetery.
CALL AGUAN— In this city. May SO, 1896, Kate,
beloved sister of Thomas and Peter Canadian,
a native 01 Klllmairiham, Kells, County Meath,
Ireland, aged 63 years. ■'. ■ • .
fiSTFrleneu dhd acquaintances are resnect-
fniiy Invited to attend' ti:e funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street,
• thence to st. Patrick's Church, where a solemn
reg iiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
other soul,' commencing at 9 o'clock A. M.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ■ .
DAVIDSON— In this city, Ma- 31. 18°6, Jacob,
husband of Sarah Davidson, father 01 Dr. Joseph
X., bamuel and David Davidson, and brqtberof
Mrs. A. Heinobsr?, a native of Tecklenber?.
Westphalia, Germany, aged 71 years 1 month,
and 7 days. [New York I ity. Philadelphia (Pa.)
and Portland (Or.) papers pleaso copy J
WTlii" funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from -th«
family residence, 411 Golden Gate avenue. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery by tram from
Third and Townsend strre, sat 11 o'clock a.m.
DOLAN— In this city. May HO, ISM, Mlnnie.dearly
beloved wife of Thomas 1-. Dolan, and ulster of
John. Annie and Sarah O'Hanlon. a native of
County Armaah, Ireland, aged 29 years.
ft «l" Friends and acquaintance are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral TH's DAY
(Monday), atfl:3o o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 136 Ash avenue, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral. Van Ness avenue, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy Crojs Cemetery.
FITZPATRICK-In this city, May 31, 1893.
Catherine Teresa Fltzpatrlck, beloved mother of
Mrs. W. O. Dic^sou, Mr*. Otto Hessmann, Far-
rell J., Joseph A. and Laura Fltzpatrlck, a na-
tive of Roscoiimon. Ireland, aired 50 years 2
. months and 10 days. : •
B3J* Friends and acquaintances ar«> respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
. (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 2106 Hyde street, thence 10 st. Bridget's
Church, corner Van Sena avenue and Broadway,
where a. solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her sou . commencing at
10:30 o'clock a.m. .Interment Mount calvary
Cemetery.
JOHNSTON— WiIIiam Presley Johnston died in
this city. May £0, 1H96, .mcd 50 years 3 months
and IS days, a native of Kittanning. Pa.
flfyTiie deceased leaves a widow nnd three
children— Mrs. Harrie; Johnston, Presley T.,
John R. and lie le ii. Johnston. Interment
Sacramento. Funeral to take place from Cali-
fornia Undertaking Parlors, corner Stockton and
Geary streets.
KKLTON — In this city. May 31, 1896. Charles L.,
only and beloved son of L. C. aud Matilda E.
Keltou, a native Of >hii i ranclaco, aged .3 years
9 months and 2 • days.
KITTLE «— In this city. May 30, 1896. May Eva,
youngest and beloved a.iu#bter of W. C and
Josephine Klttler, a native of San Francisco,
aired 18 days. .
LARVA— In this city. .May 31, ISM, Francois
Lnrua, a native of France. a;ed ii years 10
months and 20 days.
LOUSE— In this city, May 31, 1896, Nlcholaus,
beloved husband of Julia Lo'isi;. and father of
Mrs. It. A. Wolf and Katie, Fred, Julius. Nicho-
laus. Thomas and Amy Lohse, and brother-in-
law of F. ■ W. B.irkhaus, a native of Flemlmr-r,
Ho:s'.eln, Germany, aged 66 years 3 mouths and
17 days. .
aS"Frlends and acquaint nr" r»si>ec>
fi'"y Invited to attend rue funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock v. m.. from hia late resi-
dence, 111 a. Franklin str»e:. thence to Masonic
.Temple, where th" funeral services will be held
unier the auspices of Hermann Lodge No. 127,
F. and A. M.. at 2 o'clock p. m. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
LI SK-ln thlsCit -, May 30, 1596. Mrs. Elizabeth
Lusk, a native of Ireland, aged 55 years.
PETKRSON-In this cay. May 29. IS9o, Anders,
belove.l husband of Kati» Peterson, and father
of Emy. George, Oscar and Frank. Peterson.
anailveof Norway, age« 36 years 8 months
and 18 days.
JOT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral To-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors or H. P. PetersfU & CO., 228 McAllister
street. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RKARDON— A requiem high mas* will be eel e-
br.itei at St. Ignatius Church TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), v: * o'clock P. M.. for the repose of
tbe soul of Edward D. lleardon, who was lost oa
tbe earner Collma.
ROBCKK— In this city. May 31, 1893, Sophie, be-
loved child of Chart en K. and Johanna Robcke,
a native of san Francisco, aged 8 months. ...
SAFTIG— In this city. May 30, 1896, at his late
residence, 912 Filbert street, J. G.. husband of
Marie S:irtit<. and father of Mrs. C. Mls*onier.
F.me? t Sftftiß, Mrs. V. Le Grand* and J. G. s<af-
tu Jr., and' grandfather of Elua and George
Emeol piiJ Em -st -a. tig Jr., a native of Prussia,
aged 53 years, v
flfg-Ofllcers and members of Teutonla Council
No. 86, O. C. F.. and San Francisco Stanim No.
246. U. O. K. M., and friends ar- respectfully in-
vited to attend the funeral Tills DAY (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock a. M., from the residence, Ul2
1 liber; street, thi lice to Red Men's Hall. 510
Bush street, where funeral service will take
place. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SWARTLEY— In this city, May 31, 1896,' Kate
M., beloved wife of William Swartl'-y".
BWKKT- In San Jose,." May 29, 189tf, Tom a.
beloved husband of Ail Hweet, and father of
Kloise eel, a native of Black Hills, JJak., aged
2* years. - . ■ . :
WELLUAN— Suddenly, at Fairfax. May 30, 1891,
lieorij** ■ *( b"iovel husband of Eleanor ell-
n maa, and father of Beatrice M. Welltnan," a na-
tive of Lynn. Mass., aawd 49 years. ,■■.■
is_>-Frljnds and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend be funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock v. m-, from the 'third
Congregational 'Chur-'h. Fifteen;^ street, between
' -Mission • and' Valencia. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. •• ' . •-' ■ -
WILSON— In this city. May 29. 1826, Hannah T..
beloved wife of' fh.iries a. Wllion. and sister of
Frederick O. Bobbins', a native of san Francisco,
aged 31 years 8 months and 10 days. . . ■
ay Friends and acquaintances are resoecv
fnlly Invited to attend tho funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. M., from Ihe residence
of C. L. Tildeii,-1113 Golden Gate avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. •
I ■ UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Every thing Requiilte ior FirsHclasi Funer_lj
: . ! - ' at Reasonable Rates. • ;
Telephone .sou. a 167. 27 and 29 Fifth I
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER, \ T
I FUNEKAL DIBECTORS & KMBALMKB*,
1 tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
I' . .I: .' Telephone 8080.
1314
DR, EISEN'S GREAT DISCOVERY
Scientific and Medical Men
Verify His Views on
Biology.
MOST REMARKABLE FACT
IS REVEALED.
An Important Step Toward a
Thorough Understanding on
Nature's Forces.
DAVID STARR JORDAN'S IDEAS
GIVEN IN DETAIL.
Professor Ritter, George Otis Mitchell,
Carlos Troyer and C. C. Riedy Also
Talk About the Centrosomes.
The publication in The Call yesterday
morning ot' a most important biological
discovery, made by Dr< Gustav Eisen of
this City, has attracted general attention
from scientific and medical men. Many
of them have not yet had time to study
the article in detail, but are aple to say
t;mt it is one of the most remarkable facts
ever revealed by the microscope, It has
interested many who look at the subject
in different ways. The scientist sees a
big step made toward a more thorough
Understanding of the forces of nature, and
Uie niodical man has been made aware of
a few facts haying a direct bearing on em
bryology. Those who consider the matter
from a spiritual point of view feel more
ttnuly convinced than ever that God will
yield up the truth to those who search for
it. The great importance of the discovery
js conceded by all, and the general opinion
is that Dr. Eisen is at the head of the
microscope workers of the world.
The position that Dr. Eisen has occu
pied heretofore entitles his wort to the
greatest consideration. Four years ago
th# great university at Upsala, Sweden,
issued a souvenir of tne great microscop
ists-.of the wprld' and gave Dr. hlisen the
third pla<Ce. Since that time his micro
tomic work with the earthworms of Cali
fornia has called forth praise from the
great scientific centers of Europe and
America.
PROF. JORDAN'S OPINION.
Expressing: the Greatest Confidence
. In Dr. Eisen's Latest Dis
' ; covery.
MA>'F OR D UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
In an interview with a Call repre
sentative this: afternoon Dr. Dsvid Starr
. - lan said in regard to the recent discov
ery, ot' Dr. Kit-en of life in the centrosome
■<! the blood: "I have seen Dr. Eisen's re-
rkablo series of drawings; of the blood
(■•rpus.cleS and their associates in the
blood Of: our large, salamander. 1 have no
means Of test-tig the correctness of these
drawings, but I have fall confidence in the
accuracy of Dr. Eisen's work. I am,
however, not enough of a histologist nor
physiologist to recognize the lull bearings
of his discovery. " ■' '/.
p ;; "The centroiome, with its associated ra
diating 'lines .;• or ■ attraction spheres, has
been supposed to be a temporary structure
developed in the protoplasm for the pur
pose of. cell-division. . There is not much
doubt, that the physical basis of heredity
res-ides .in the nucleus, the division of
which accomplished ;by means of these
'structures.' •:•." : / ': ;; r .
;.. Dr. Eisen's observations tend to show
the. permanence of the centrosome. and its
close association with- the phenomena of
dynamic life, as the nucleus is associated
with the static continuance of life charac
ters. ."This ..permanence must have a very
important relation to our conception that
which,; for the want of a better idea, we
have called 'vital force.'
. "It. must be considered in all discussions
of cell-izrowtb: and of heredity, and histol
ogists must look sharply at the life-history
not. only of the centrosomes of blood
coTpuscies, but at those of* body-cells and
germ-cells as well, to see v.-hat these struc
tures may. do in other relations. i
"Since the discovery of the centrosome
it has received, an increasing amount of
attention, while the old idea of the sim
plicity.: the substance called protoplasm
in disappearing as its highly complex
character has become definitely known.
• '•I doubt if the reporter is correct in speak
ing ;of the centrosome ;■ as 'a distinct j
entity with ; a vital center that may be j
similar to a brain.' We gain nothing in
laying stress on such remote resemblances.
To attribute the complex consciousness of
the co-ordinated cells that make up a man I
or 'insect, crawling on an apple" to a
structure of a single cell, is a mere figure
of speech. ;: Brit this confusion of ideas is
not found -in Dr. Kis-n's paper, nor is it
made necessary by the discovery in ques
tion. , •'•'.- ;
■ "I shall, read with great interest "the j
opinions of -hlhtologists and other workers
NEW TO-DAY
Jamaica
Ginger
• :/.v;fias \ maintained its
,■ k ■■■■'.}. ; reputation for 75 years
*£<£ as the most efficacious
• '•remedy ; for all com-
■:' '■:■: plaints of ; the stomach.
: :r : .; ■ Soothing in action, 'it .
■ . quickly banishes pain
'■■ ■■ ■of every nature; stimu-
.'-;'■■■..■ ;• lating '; in ; effect, it
•••■;";. greatly ; benefits the
' : system without reac-
-1 tion. Keep it by you
• , ' • in case of emergency.
■.': t:.^ Ask for ; Fred Brown's.
'. * - Sold everywhere. ■ .-. .
.. .: " MILD BItOWM CO., I'hlUdeipblfc
!in the same field. These alone are com-
I petent to estimate the value of tnis inves-
I tiKation."
FROM BERKELEY.
Dr. W. E. Ritter, Professor of Bi
ology, on the Importance of
the Discovery.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 31.— Following
is what Dr. W. E. Ritter, assistant profes
sor of biology at the State University, has
to say with regard to the supreme impor
tance of the discovery of Dr. Gustav Eisen:
The very important discovery made by Dr.
Gustav Eisen concerning the centrosome in
the blood cells of batrachiseps, an account of
which was published In yesterday's (Sunday's)
Call, is a subject so involved in Uie subtleties
of celhilar biology as to make a discussion of It
that >hßll be Intelligible to the unlearned in
the science exceedingly difficult if not quite
impossible.
Tnat the discovery Is of the highest impor
tance, if it snail be fully confirmed and ex
tended to other animals, there can be no
doubt. I have examined Dr. Eisen's beautiful
figures somewhat critically, and also his i>rep-
I arfciions to some extent. The investigation
| !ir> i , carried on with much care and tech
nics sLih, and 1 can see no ground for iloubt
iu^ that the tacts are essentially as the author
has presented them.
It v posMbie that farther study may modify
them somewbat— the case would stand almost
alone among scientilic discoveries should it be
otherwise; «nd the final interpretation of
them will in all probability differ somewhat
from that made by Dr. Eisen— this, too, will be
;n accordance with tne almost invariable
course of the growth of scientific knowledge.
But in spite of this the discovery is, 1 be
lieve, bound to stand out bs A distinctly en
riching one in this supremely important do
main of biological science. To my mind the
real significance oi it. brought down to the
limits of » nutshell, is this:. It shows that the
nucleus of the cell is less fundamental to the
life and functions of the cell than is held to be
the ease by the eel] theory as it now prevails.
<ir, stated iv another way, it shows that the
! so-called cytoplasm, or cell-protoplasm pos
sesses in itself, i. c.. Independently of the
nucleus of the cell, greater capabilities than
are attributed to it by prevailing morphologi
cal and physiological doctrines.
A few explanatory sentences may, perhaps,
bring into the lielfl of vision of t lie unbio
logical the real meaning of this boiled-down
statement.
It is now known to all educated people that
protoplasm is accepted by science as the
physical basis of life, and that it is the simplest
form of organized, living matter known to
science. Now, this being accepted, the theory
of organic evolution, which Ls at present re
jected by so few people that we are justified in
s pea-king as though ils i»e<eptance were uni
versal, is compelled to BuppoM organisms have
existed at some time, BOniewhere, wlncti were
composed exclusively of protoplasm.
Do organisms thus simple and primitive ex
ißt at the present time? 'J his is « very legiti
mate and necessary question to ask the biolo
gist, because no fad about organic beings is
more obvious than that they constitute an
enormous series as regards their grade of or
ganization, the highest of which are exceed
ingly complex, and the lowest that are well
known are almost iniiuiteiy simple as com
pared Kith the Highest. Why, then, may not
sufficiently careful search discover organisms
a» simple as the doctrine of evolution requires?
Well, such crentures have been much
searched alter and iroin time to time they
have been described and pictured. Hutagdiu
and iigain sufficiently searching study with
the more and mure nearly perfect microscope
has compelled them to descend from their hs
sumed exalted place as tne true primal
organism. In other words, they have been |
found to be more complex than was at first ;
supwsed.
Now all the while that search after the
primal organism iias beon proseoutea, investi
gations on the ultimate composition of the
bodies of higiter organisms have been as
assiduously carried on. The outcome ot this
I hRs been tne establishment Of the cell doctrine. I
j This docirine recognizes that the constituent
j protoplasm of all organic beings is formed into
I exceedingly small but very definitely con
stituted bodies called cells which are the real
ultimate elements both of all organization and j
of all function.
The point of prime importance in connee- '
tion with these elements, the cells, is that they .
are by n» means unmodified, simple proto
plasmic masses. In fact they are really very
complex structures, particularly when their {
entire life history is regarded. The prevailing ]
! view is that of "the various parts of which ;
: almost a!l cells are composed. Two are wholly I
essential to its life and activities. These are.
the cytoplasm, or cell body, and the nucleus
Ami of these two there "has been a strong
tendency in very recent years to look upon
the nucleus as somewhat more fundamental!
than the cytoplasm.
Now this discovery by Dr. Eisen seems to
show that in this case at least the cytoplasm,
i. c., the part oi the cell supposably least niodi
-1 fled from the original protoplasmic condition,
does have in itself capabilities of doing work
without the mediation of the more highly
differentiated organ of the cell, i. c., the
nucleus.
It ought to be said here that quite recently
other observations have been published that
| tend somewhat in the same direction; i.e.,
I that tend to attribute to the cytoplasm greater
j relative importance in the economy of the
cell than prevailing views admit.
Just what role the centrosome plays in this
independent life and activity of the cytoplasm
is a question of great interest and importance,
but at the same time one of great obscurity,
and it seems to me secondary in importance to
the point upon which I have dwelt.
w. JE. Ritter.
A TRIUMPH IN PROSPECT.
George Otis Mitchell Thinks the
Discovery Promises Advances
In Science.
"We are certainly on the cv« of a great
and wonderful discovery," commented
Georpe Otis Mitcnel, vice-principal of the
Girls' High School. Mr. Mitchell is well
! known among local and foreign micros*
fcopists for nis extensive researches in the
mystic realms of things minute, and ie !
considered an oracle by tne hair-splitting, j
I cell-dividini; fraternity.
"It might be said, in fact," went on Mr.
Mitchell, "that Professor Eisea has al
ready made a great discovery. He cer- j
tainly has opened the door to a vast do- I
main of hitherto unexplored and un- i
dreamed-of k nowledge. The mere notion
of the exquisite and complicated system of
cells which is found in all forms of ani
mate and inanimate life has always had
for me a singular fascination.
"The baffling mystery which seems to en
veloi>e the entire subject, while perplex
ing, and to some students discouraging,
has always whetted my desire to add «onid
I little mite to the mediocre modicum of in
j formation on the matter which the ecien
i tific world at present has.
"Professor Eisen's discovery, it seems to
! me, has given the signal for a grand tri
amph of science in the world of atoms.
We know in the first place that things
which grow have life — either plant life or
animal life. The life in the centrosome
I in a blood corpuscle, granting it to have
life, mint be animal.
"1-lere we come to a most interesting
point. Professor Eisen's researches seem
to have led him to the positive knowledge
j of an almost independent life or system of
j countless lives in the body of one being.
As far as his investigations have gone
their result? are in the highest degree im- I
portant to the world of science. But if his |
strides could be continued and brought to
further development with the aid of some
of the more powerful microscopes, of which
we have none here, the ground gained
would be incalculable.
'•I refer particularly to the process of re
production. We have seen that these mi
nute living organisms crow. Now the i
question arise-, How do they come into j
existence? How do they perpetuate their j
kind? Are they distinct in point of sex |
or are they hermaphroditic in character?
"These are questions which the micro
scope alone can answer and I doubt if we ]
have an instrument of sufficient Dower in I
ihis entire country for a satisfactory solu- i
tion of ti:em. The matter of sex in the
centrosoms seems to me of paramount im
portance. Advocates of the spontaneous
generation theory will doubtless f.ry to
make of this di-covery a hook upon which
to hang the well-worn trappings of their '
bobby-horse, while the opponents of that ;
school will leave no stone unturned in or
der to prove tliat for the propagation of
the tiny centrosome a perfect union of two
principles distinct in regard of sex is nec
essary.
"Hence we may look for some interest
ing battles to be waged by tongue and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1896.
I quill between these two schools of scien-
I tific thought. Meanwhile the microscopist
.has only one thing to remember — the mat
ter is not one of arguments, words or the
ories, but of fact. Facts present a wall of
adamant to arguments;" they cannot be
explained away by words and they knock
all opposing theories into a cocked hat.
"Professor Eisen, it would appear, has
opened to microscopists a wide and varied
field, not of speculation nor of fantasy,
but of positive physical fact. Throwing
the gate open he says to us: 'Now, gentle
men, go in and win.'
"As in a duel, other circumstances being
equal, the victory falls to the best-armed
combatant, so in this invasion of the
centrosome's kingdom, the man who has
the best microscope will achieve the best
results. The Call's enterprise in bringing
the first fru.ts of this great discovery to
the notice of the scientific world will
undoubtedly lead the public to look to its
columns for news 01 further developments
in this fascinating field ot research.
''I have been encaged more in expert
analysis, examination of ancient manu
scripts and botanical researches of late,"
said Mr. Mitchell in conclusion," and I
regret exceedingly that my biological
work has been somewhat neglected. I
shall follow tne centrosome in future, how
ever, and perhaps I may catch him and
his wife, and get an interview with them
which will show the spontaneous genera
tionists that they must look elsewhere for
some living organism willing to bolster up
their theory."
BEARS ON HEREDITY.
Carlos Troyer Thinks the Centro
some May Have a Char
acter.
Carlos Troyer, who is one of the best
students of biology in San Francisco, and
was for many years connected with the
Academy of Sciences, is preatly enthused
over Dr. Eisen's discovery and thinks it
will be far-reaching in its results. When
speaking of the matter yesterday, he said:
"I was never more surprised in my life
than when I picked up Thk Call this
morning and saw the account of Dr. Eisen's
disaovery. I have known for some time
that he was working hard on something of
the kind, but had no idea that it was any
thing of such great importance.
"It is difficult to consider the mutter in
its entirety on such short notice, but to
me it seems almost like the discovery of a
new world, inhabited by beings that we
don't know anything about. Of course,
we are now certain that the centrosome is
a living organism, but how far does its in
dependence go? That remains to be
found out.
In fact, the real importance of the dis
covery Jies in the field of study that it
opens up. The microscopist can now look
among the fiiaments of Drotopa««rn and
find things he did not know to exist there.
These centrosomes may have dilferent
kinds of characters that can be seen if we
have the right kinds of lenses. This will
account, to a large extent, for heredity.
MORE FACTS TO COME.
C. C. Rledy Thinks We Are on the
Eve of Some Wonderful
Knowledge.
C. C. Riedy, the well-known microscope
expert, said whea speaking of Dr. Eisen's
discovery as given to the world in The
I Call yesterday : "it seems to me that Dr.
Eisen has made a discovery the real im
portance of which will not be known for
some time. Of its complex relations to
biology I am not prepared to speak on
such short notice, but I will say that Dr.
Eisen has found something really new.
"A great deal remains to be seen in
those slides yet, and undoubtedly will be
■ when they are examined under more pow
| erful microscopes than are to be found in
this part of the world. But as it is, Dr.
i Eisen has proved many things tliat were
only wild theories at the best, and has
j also opened the way to muon speculation.
! By this I mean that the centrosome, being
j proved a living organism, is capable of
' many things of which we at present know
' nothing.
"There is no doubt about its independ
; ence, nor its assimilation of food, but.
i whether it is capable of motion through
, the blood serum still remains to be ascer
tained. Its change, from a mere speck on
the nucleus to an independent organism,
is little dilferent from the evolution of a
germ of any kind to an animated being.
"As the centrosome is now proved to be
the center of the cell, the cell itself occupies
| a much lower position in scientific research
than it did formerly, and in ;that respect
w. : ll change all course of study.
"The reason that Dr. Eisen made his
discovery is due to the use of a stain that
rendered the differed spheres of the plas
mocyte visible. His indefatigable efforts
to have proof of his discoveries of course
must be given credit. lam sure tliat he
made many hundreds of slides before he
felt that he was on the road to anything
new. i:an Franci<" > has great reason to
be prodd of having such a man as Dr.
Eisen In her midst Dr. Eisen must be
conceded to be at the head of the world of
microscopic science, and San Francisco
has a great deal to be proud of in the fact."
SIXTH SENSE FOR MAN.
Countess Wachtm« inter And Mr. John
sun Oo Not Agrnn on the
Sdbjoct.
In reading a paper on "The Destiny of
j Man" at the Tlieosophicai Ilall at 320 Post
| street last night, A. J. Johnson of the
American Theosophical Society declared
that mankind was on the eve of the estab
lishment of a new race and the develop
| ment of a sixth sense.
He said: "America will be the first home
j of the new race, and that intuition is the
forerunner of the sixth sense. There were
signs to show that the sixth sense will be
manifest in a third eye, the u?e of which I
will be not only to foresee the future, but
110 look away back into the past. London
physicians who had noticed a physical
change in the last generation of London
infants inquired of the late Mme. Bla- j
yatsky, the revered theosophical seer, why
it was so.
"She told them it was a sign of the com
ing of the sixth sense again, and that it
was taught in theosoDhy that mankind
once possessed this sense, eons ago."
Mr. Johnson, continuing, said there
would be established in this country in
the near future a school to teach mysti
cism, antiquities and esoteric secrets, of
which a real adept is to be the head.
The Countess Wachtmeister lectured
last night at Native SonM 1 Hall, at 414
Mason street, on "Hypnotism and Its
Dangers," to a large audieme. She is at- 1
tached to the "old school" of Theosophy.
of which Colonel H. S. Olcott is president.
When told, after her lecture, what Mr.
Johnson had said about a new race, a
sixth sense and an occult school, the
Countess seemed disturbed.
She said: "Oh, pshaw! They are mak
ing themselves ridiculous; they are tear
ing down the teachings of theosopby.
Mme. Blavatsky said we are not to have
the sixth sense lor a very, very long time |
yet— and we are not. The same also in |
regard to the new race.
"Mme. Tingley, a medium, the new
esoteric head of the American section,
claims to have an Egyptian adept behind
her. and if this school is to be established
he is the adept meant. You know Mme.
Blavatsky's adept was a Hindoo, and she
met him in the ilesh in London and also
in India.
"I don't approve of this theatrical,
spookical theosophy, of Mrs. Tintrley mas
querading in a white sheet at a wedding
ceremony, and I don't believe Claude
Falls Wright met his bride thousands of
years ago in Egypt, or that it is possible
for him to know it if he did."
The Countess will go to Los Angeles for
a two weeks' visit, but will return here
and lecture at Native Sons' Hall June 14,
on "Man, the Master of His Own Destiny."
■ — •—•• — •
On the 6th of July the earth is farther
away from the sun than at any other time.
EACH NEW BLAST
MAY UNEARTH GOLD
Richmond Watching for
the Discovery of
Treasure.
AN OLD MEXICAN'S TALE
Story of an Immense Amount of
Money Buried in Calvary
Cemetery.
MYSTERIOUS SEEKERS SEEN.
Were Observed to Leave for Town
Carrying a Heavily Laden
Sack.
At no time in the history of Richmond
has so much interest been taken in the
widening of a sidewalk as at present. The
Geary-stneet sidewalk is being widened
just beyond Central avenue, and the
citizens of that quiet district hover in the
near vicinity and watch with eagerness the
result of each new blast tho workingmen
under Contractor Broderick fire to loosen
the earth of Calvary Cemetery that over
lays Geary street at that particular point.
The reason of it all is that there are
rumora afloat of a fabulous treasure buried
in the cemetery ground close to the Geary
street fence.
Day after day the enrious inhabitants
have watched the workmen as they tore
down the high bank of earth, expecting to
see a box tilled with gold roll down. But
they have waited in vain. The six work
days of the week passed without an inci
dent. It remained for the seventh day to
bring to pass what has been so long and
earnestly looked for.
Yesterday two well-dressed men were
observed creating great landslides of sand.
They began early, almost before the sun
was up, but before half of the afternoon
had worn away they were seen to take a
large sack from the excavation they had
made and bear it triumphantly toward
town. The names of these men could not
be ascertained, but it wa3 noted by these
same curious observers that the bag they
carried taxed their united strength.
Whether these unknown treasure
seekers were successful in unearthing a
veritable find is a matter of speculation,
but it is a well authenticated fact that
there are strong grounds for beiipving a
large fortune is buried in the precise spot
where Contractor Broderick's men are now
at work.
Some twenty-eitrht or more years ago,
when Mike O'Brien owned what is now
I called the "Avpnue R sort," at the corner
' of Central avenue and Geary street and
I when the toll-gate was stationed just be
j yond in the direction of the Cliff House,
I the Calvary Chanel, which now stands on
I the southeastern end of the cemetery, then
! stood directly opposite the Avenue Resort.
I At that time an old pioneer died who was
| reputed to be possessed of great wealthi
i He left no will, but a tradition has de
| scended that he buripd all his money in
| t .c plat where his family were buried, and
this was close to the site on which the
chapel originally stood.
This story had been forgotten, and
would probably have remained in oblivion
had not the Street Committe determined
to widen the sidewalk five feet north on
Geary street from Central avenue.
While the men were at work one day an
old Mexican drove past and said that in
the very place where they were at w >rk
was buried at least $100,000. He told the m
this same story about the old pioneer.
Since then Richmond has been on the
gui viye. Colonel Coakley, proprietor of
the Midwinter Fair Hotel, directly oppo
site, has watched the movements of-ihe
laboring men with consuming interest.
• "I saw two men there to-day digging as
though their lives depended on it," said
he. "They went away with a sack, but
whether it was gold of dirt I am not in a
position to tell. They were not laborers
either, but they handled the pick and
shovel in a way that would have done
credit to the host laboring man I ever saw.' '
GREAT GUNS WILL BOOM
Annual Target Practice at the
Presidio Begins To-
Day.
Military Posts of the Harbor In
spected by the Quartermaster-
General.
General James W. Forsyth, command
ing the Department of California; Gen
eral R. N. Batchelder, Quartermaster-Gen
| era! of the army; Major George W. Davis,
the representative of the Secretary of War,
and Colonel A. S. Kimball. Chief Quarter
master of this department, left the City
j yesterday forenoon at 10 o'clock on the
Government steamer McDowell for a visit
to Benicia barracks and Benicia arsenal.
On the return trip the party stopped at
Mare Island Navy-yard.
General Batchelderand Major DaVis will
leave the City for the East some time this
week. They will return to Washington
via Halt Lake and Denver.
The Surgeon-General of the army will
leave Washington this week on a tour of
inspection. The trip will be extended to
the Pacific Coast.
It is the expectation in army circles that
Colonel Charles G. Sawtelle will be pro
moted to the head of the Quartermaster
Department on the retirement of General
Batchelder next month.
Provision had been made in the fortifica
tion bill for placing fifteen guns of six
teen-inch bore at New York and ten at
San Francisco, but much to the disap
pointment of the army men, the Senate
struck out the allowance for sixteen-inch
guns. As soon as the money is available
under the measure agreed upon, active
work will be resumed on the harbor de
fenses of San Francisco.
To-tiay, June 1, annual practice with
heavy artillery will begin at the important
army stations of the United States. The
firing will commence at the Presidio this
morning. The eight-inch smooth-bores
will be used first. In due time the prac
tice will extend to the twelve-inch breech
loading rities, the new mortar battery, and
possibly to the dynamite guns.
As previously announced, Light Battery
D, Cantain Frank Thorp, and Light Bat
tery F, Captain Charles Morris, will leave
the Presidio to-day for the summer prac
tice march. In the field the batteries will
be commanded by Major McCrea. The
artillerymen will move by easy stages to
the Sierra and return, so as to reach Mon
terey early in July. The batteries will
participate in the celebration appointed to
commemorate the landing of Commodore
Sloat and the first hoisting of the Ameri
can flag at Monterey. The celebration
will take place from July 4 to the 7th.
Major C. A. Woodruff, U. S. A., who
gained quite a reputation for oratory in
California, nas acquired new laurels as a
public speaker during his tour of duty at
the National capital. He has been ordered
to New YorK for duty in the subsistence
uepartment, and much regret is expressed
in Washington tlrat he must leave the
capital.
The three double brick barrack build
ings now finished and occupied at the Pre
sidio, and two more structures of the same
character just authorized by the quarter
master-general, will provide superior ac
commodations for a Karri.son of ten com
panies. In some respects the new build
ings may surpass the three alreadyjin use.
The plans will provide for better use of
the attics. Each of these buildings cost
about $37,000. Similar buildings in the
East cost the same.
The same general plan of architecture is
observed at all the leading military sta
tions.
The purpose of the War Department to
continue extensive improvements at the
Presidid seem 3to be well formed. The
policy is to make the Presidio the great
military station of the Pacific Coast and
to provide accommodations there for the
concentration of a large number of troops.
The water supply is an important factor,
and to render that service independent
and adequate in all respects a tunnel will
be constructed through the Presidio hill
to diminish the cost of pumping and to
increase the flow of water.
WANT A "CHEMICAL."
Richmond Without Fire Protection In
Case of a General Alarm.
The Western Addition Improvement
Club will pass at its next meeting resolu
tions to petition the Board of Supervisors
to replace the chemical engine that has
been taken from engine-house 15 and re
moved to the corner of Polk and Eddy
streets.
In case of a general alarm of fire the
Richmond district would now be wholly
without fire protf ctior, as a chemical en
gine does not respond to any alarm out
side ot its own district.
During the fire at the Cliff House and
the fire on Seventh avenue the chemical
engine was' first on the eround and did
excellent work. Without it, should a
general alarm be sounded, the engine of
house No. 15 would respond, and in the
meantime, if another fire should break out
in Richmond, there would be no way
whatever of extinguishing it.
HOW KATE FIELD DIED,
She Laid Her Burden Down
Under the Palm Groves of
Hawaii the Blest.
A Woman Who Did Much for the Cause
of the Political Rights
of Women.
The cause of woman suffrage lost one of
its moat powerful advocates and one of its
most shining exemplars when Kate Field
died in Hawaii the Blest, within sight of
the silvery shimmer of the sunlit sea.
She was a brainy woman, with that ar
tjstic instinct, that perception of the ideal,
that sistership with nature which make
up the atmosph're of the true Bohemian.
Stricken with the fatai disease of pent-up
cit.es, wearied with a brain burden that
seemed never ending, she sought the
rippling blue of the placid seas, with their
gums of pink coral and teeth of 'white
foam, and on the bosom of the isle of
eternal summer she lay her head and
passed into the dreamless sleep.
Miss Field did much for women. Her
life was a continual struggle for the rights
of her sex. Early in the eighties she in
terested a number of wealthy ladies in
i New York city and with the capital fur
nished by them started a woman's co
operative store on.Twenty-third street, be
tween Fifth and ISlxth avenues. It was
in one of the finest blocks in the city and
was fitted and furnished in a superior" nian
j ner. It was, in fact, an incipient idea that
has been thoroughly elaborated in many
cities since then, and of which the Em
porium in this City is an exemplar. Offi
cers were chosen; a board of directors
elected, and the entire establishment ar
ranged in departments, each under a spe
cial management. Everything that a lady
could desire was to be procured there, and
in order to accommodate uptown or out-
I of-town patrons an elegant restaurant,
presided over by a high-priced chef, was
opened on the top floor. The merchants
took Kindly to the scheme and were lib
eral with their credit, knowing full well
the responsibility of the stockholders.
The entire business was carried on by
women, and Mins Field was tlu- general
manager. But, somehow or other, the
patronage was not sullicient to meet the
obligations as they fell due. The nier
! chants began to clamor for their money,
and it was not forthcoming. A meeting
of the creditors was called and Miss Field
was asked for an explanation. She could
not satisfy them. She knew the store was
j crowded daily, and thought that the daily
sales oueht to enable them to meet all de
mands, but, somehow or other, the cash
did not materialize. It was the old story
of incompetency.
The ladies were out of their element.
They did not have the experience neces
sary to carry out the original design, and
the consequence was lailure. The cred
| itors were satisfied with Miss Fielu's hon
esty, and most of them were in lavor of
allowing an extension of time and placing
a competent man at the head of affairs in
order to straighten out the business, but
Miss Field was tired of the whole thing
j and declined all overtures. An assess
i ment was levied on the stockholders, the
debts were settled and Miss Field dropped
out of mercantile life.
For several months she resided in San
Rafael, under the shadow of scarred Ta
malpais, and wrote some of her best arti
cles under the influence of that poetic
environment. She gave successful lec
ture entertainrn«nts at Union-square hall
in San Francisco during Obtober and No
vember, 18S7, under the business agency
of Marcus M. Henry. It was the literary
lady's initial visit here. Her subjects
were Charles Dickens "Eyes and Ears in
London," "The Mormons," and other
topics. When she departed for Honolulu,
December, 1895, it was understood that
Mr. Henry was to expect her return in
about three months and was to arrange a
series of talks on Alaska, Hawaiian Is
lands, Mormonland and "America for
Americans. 1 '
But she grew weaker and weaker. While
she felt at ease in the land of sunshine the
dread disease had made inroads too great
upon her system, and she was unable to
risk the harsher airs that blew farther
north. So she remained among the banana
groves and dosed her eyes where Mother
Nature was kindest in all her moods, and
died at peace with all the world.
The most conspicuous literary venture
of the deceased was a weekly paper en
titled Kate Field's Washington, which
ran from 1890 io 1895. In this journal Miss
Field made a gallant fight for the right 3
of her sex in particular and of humanity
in general.
Dr. Brown's Congregation.
Rev. C. O. Brown preached both morning
and evening yesterday at Golden Gate Hall.
The smaller meeting-room upstairs was rilled
on each occasion. His morning sermon was on
the subject of "Morning Voices." and In the
evening he preached on "The Tabernacles of
God With >fan." Sunday-school and t hrlstian
Endeavor services were also held during the
day. On Sunday next the main hall will be
secured for the services.
• — ♦ •»
The common mode of performing the
operation of rice-cleaning in India and
China is by beaiing the grain in a rude
mortar of earthenware with a conical
stone attached to a lever worked by the
hand or foot.
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
SALE
op
FRENCH
PRINTED
CHALLIES!
Commencing Monday, June Ist, we
will offer our entire stock of KOECH-
LIN FRERES' Best Quality FRENCH
PRINTED CHALLIES, all this sea-
son's importation, and all elegant de-
signs, at
per Yard,
Former price 4OC and 50c per Yard.
We will also continue the sale of
our Printed Lace Dimities at
1 22C per Yard.
ill, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
■ uV >B Vb £&m& SSI tt^^^^^ IKb bs
Begin the new month well,
not cheaply, no one wants to
live cheaply, but have better j
foods, true economy is in \
careful buying. If you ob- !
serve prices and quality care-
fully we'll have the benefit. ;
importation for sale directly
to families helps you and us. j
SPECIAL SAVING SALE. i
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday j
Puree de foies gras. .tin 20c
Regularly 25c
This special is less than the whole-
sale price in rase lots.
For picnic luncheons it's unsur-
passed. ::- i"V :
Anheuser-Busch Beer
Quarts regularly $2 25 doz $2 00
Pints " $1 50.... $1 25
Fresh car just arrived from St.
Louis
White glass bottles
Cocktails .. ..... .bot 75c
Regularly $1 00 our bottling
Last sale of the season
Martini, Manhattan, Vermouth,
Gin. Whisky, Old Tom Gin.
Tomato Catsup . . . bot 15c
Regularly* 20c
Sells elsewhere at 25c and 30c
We buy in casks from Gordon &
Dilworth, Now York, and bottle
here.
Fruit Syrups. .... bot 40c
Regulany 50c
Delicious summer beverage
Pineapple, Raspberry, , Lemon,
Gum Orgeat, Strawberry, Vanilla.-
Grenadine.
Special reductions in regular selling prices:
Franco- American Soups qts t0..35c
" " " pts t0. .20c
Bear Lithia Water 12}£ gallons, ;
case t0.........'....;. ....$5 00
41 " " 50qts,cs tos6 00 !
" ■■•-'. " 50 pts, cs to $5 00
. An excellent medicinal water.
Candles 20 lr> box 16 0z :...... $2 85
" 20 lb b0xH0z....... 2 25 ;
" 201b box 12 0z... 190 j
A benefit for campers.
"CLEANLINESS IS NAE PRIDE, DIRT'S NAE HONESTY.' 1
COMMON SENSE DICTATES THE USE OF
SAPOLIO
Special Sale
This Week!
New Office in the MILLS BUILDING
The Water bury Watch Co.
„ SAN FRANCISCO. ';■
. „ worn ■ '
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to -,
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR. ■■ : :
PANTS made to order from $4.01
SUITS made to order from $15.00
MY $17.60 and $38 SUITS
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. But
„ 724 Market St. ■ 1118 & 1112 Market St
SAN FRANCISCO. ;
THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASOS
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
— OB" THK ■. .,:-.,-.'':.:
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
. OPJEN U IS TIL MIDNItiHT. \. J.".
oppression, niinrn ny
SUFFOCATION, CURtD BY
NEURALGIA. Etc., UU V T*
ESI'H-'S CIOAUKTTKS, OK POWDKB.
l*«ris, J, E3jPIC; New York, K. FUUUKBA :
<& CO." ; Sold by all DrugtfUlh ::. : .•';';
i.en ordernii; pleua mention call. .
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHAKUCS H. PHILLIPS, £TTORNEY-AT-
\J l»w and Notary Public, (538 Market st» oppo
■ita Palace .Motel. .Telephone 670. Bealdano* IBM
I'ell «v Telephone. "Pine" 2501. >• . : .