VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 38.
CLOSING IN ON
CUBA'S CAPITAL.
Insurgents Invading the
Towns in the Vicinity
of Havana.
PLANTATIONS BURNED
General Gomez Enters San Fe
lipe With Four Thousand
Followers.
VILLAGERS FLEE FOR SAFETY.
From Spain Comes a Report That
Captain-General Campos Will
Resign.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 6.— The stations
of t!ie Villa Neuva Railroad at Melana and
<inara, a few miles to the westward of
(iuino? in this provin c, have been de
stroyed by tiie rebels. The insurgents
ihen marched on the town of San Felipe
at the junction of the Hatabano and Villa
Nueva railroads.
The Mayor of the town was warned of
their approach a:ul gathered 200 men with
whom he intended to defend the town.
Maximo Gomtz. the rebel leader, sent
word to the mayor that if the insurgents
were tired upon he would burn the town
to the ground.
The inhabitants begged the Mayor to
make no resistance, as they did not want
to lose their property, and the Mayor
acceded to their wishes and notified
.t no defense of the town would
The latter, at the head of 4000
men, then entered San Felipe. No dam
ape was done to property.
In the zone of Huivican, Duran and San
• the rebels have destroyed the sugar
Salvador, Julia, San Augustin,
Mercedita, Santa Teresa, Mora and Mi
A number of families fleeing from the
at Melena have arrived at Jesus del
Monte, a suburb of Havana. The Govern
ment column under command of General
Suarez Valdez arrived last evening at Re
gala, a small town situated a short way
from Havana.
A train on the Villa Nueva Railroad,
which arrived here at 9 o'clock last even
ing, brought a number of families from
>mi Felipe, Bejucal, Duran, Melena and
Juara who are seeking safety tinder the
guns of Havana. The train also brought
a detachment of troops from the Barrito
estate at Duran.
Passengers from Melena state that the
rebels entered that town and made an at
tack on the church establishment. The
Mayor tried to oppose them and was
Idik- i. A body of rebels also marched
into Quivican, where they captured a
■ ity of arms and ammunition. The
railway station was set on fire and de
stroyed.
At San Oabriel the rebels burned the
town and the station of the Western Rail
•iinpany. Inhabitants of the place
took refuge in the bushes. Only three
in the place were left standing.
A petard was exploded in front of La
Corina cigar factory in this city. The ex
:i caused much excitement in the
vicinity, but no harm was done. An iron
bonit) was also exploded near Alvarez. A
was damaged and a large hole was
wade in the ground.
The troops that have been ordered to
proceed east fruin the province of Santa
in order to kin forces in the prov
inces of Havana and Pinar del Rio, are ar
riving at Batabano, the southern terminus
of the Havana an i Batabano Railroad,
whence they can be quickly transfered to
Havana or points in I';nar del Rio.
Tne rebels still avoid fighting a decisive
battle with the Government troops, always
retiring after exchanging a few shots with
the soldiers.
A- these are the tactics always followed
by Uiem it has- been thought advisable to
surround them and then to gradually close
the line 3 upon them, driving them to a
stand in the centers.
Orders to this effect have been issued
and the troops are reported to be rapidly
surrounding the insurgents.
The trains on the railroad running west
from Havana do not go any further than
La Salud.
WILIj CAMPOS RESIGN?
Severe Criticism of the General in Mili-
tary Circles.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 6. -An official
dispatch received here states that the
westward march of the insurgents in Cuba
has been arrested by Government troops.
The dispatch adds that General Navarro
has defeated the rebels, but gives no de
tail. The Heraldo claims to nave knowl
edge that it is the intention of Captain
(ieneral Campos to resign on Februarys.
The spread of the rebellion causes great
une^iness here. In military circles Mar
shal Campos is severely criticized, but the
BStwof opinion is that the Govern
ment will not remove him from the com
mand in Cuba.
A dispatch from Havana to a news
agency says that a band of rebels exploded
dynamite under a train on the Nuevitas
Puerto line containing 300 passengers,
«everal of whom were injured. Troops ar
rived and dispersed the rebels, who, the
dispatch asserts, were about to massacre
the passengers.
AMBCSi CADES AHE PLACED.
Hut Gomez Continws Bis Advance to
th<- Wttit.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 7.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Havana
says:
A train from Matanzas, which managed
to Let through Sunday night, brought two
generals and several thousand troops to
re-enforce the troops in Havana and
strengthen Campos' new strategic line
between this city and Batabano, broken by
Gomez and Collaza, on Saturday, as they
marched toward Pinar del Itio.
By strengthening this line Campos now
The San Francisco Call.
hopes to pen Gomez in the west, break his
communication and, cutting him off from
re-enforcements and supplies, eventually
defeat him.
Gomez, however, unconscious to all ap
pearances of the ambuscade prepared for
him, continues to advance further west.
Ambuscades are being placed in the out
skirts of Havana.
ARif ES TiyG THE irOMEX.
Indignities Inflicted by the t>pani»h Au-
tharitiea.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Cuba, Dec. 26,
via Key West. Jan. <>.— The Spanish au
thorities here are not satisfied with im
prisoning men, but are beginning to arrest
women also.
On the :.'4th inst. Mrs. Manuela Sancino
de Beola and Mrs. Juano Quintero were
brought here from Manzanillo ana were
taken through the streets on foot to jail,
surrounded by soldiers, who would not
allow them to take a coach, hoping by this
to humiliate them the more.
Mrs. Beola was the principal of a public
school in Vicana jurisdiction of Man
zanillo.
More than 400 men have gone to the
field from this city, Guantanamo and
Manzanillo during the last week.
OFF FOR WASHIXGTOS.
Members of the Junta to Give Information
to Congress.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 6.— Senor
Estrada Palma, Minister ' Plenipoten
tiary of the provisional Cuban re
public, General Gonzales de Quesada,
secretary of the Cuban legation, and
Horatio S. Rubens, legal adviser of the
Cuban Junta, went to Washington this
evening for the purpose of laying im
portant information before the Congres
sional committee lately appointed to se
cure facts concerning the actual situation
in Cuba.
It was said at the Cuban headquarters
to-day that the friends of the insurgent
cause who were in Washington were about
to mate a vigorous effort to secure Gov
ernment recognition of the Cuban belliger
ency. ';".'
One of the commissioners from Las
VilJas who arrived at the Junta headquar
ters last week and brought the documents
which the members of the legation have
taken to Washington said:
"I will tell you a secret which, has not
been mentioned except to the few leaders
in this country. If the "United States will
recognize our plans of belligerency it will
save Ciiba a great loss of blood and prop
erty.
"If the United States insists upon more
proof of our ability to do whatever we
please with Cuba, then we will attack the
only city on the island which the Spanish
say we cannot enter, and that is Havana.
If we must do it we will enter.
"But if we do there will De a scene of
terrible carnage. There are several
thousand men in the population of Ha
vana who would flock to General Gomez the
moment he enters. The slauehter would
be fearful, besides the city would be given
over to dynamite and flames." ' v" ,' : j
TO KILL A BENEFACTOR.
Arrest of Two Brothers Who
Plotted to Commit
Murder.
One Had Been Reared by the Intended
Victim and Desired to Get
His Position.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 6.— W. J. Weber
and Gus Weber, brothers, were arrested
this afternoon charged with plotting to
killE. V. Hamlin, secretary of the Kilmer
Steel Tile Company. Hamlin has been
absent for a month or so resting in Florida
for his health, and during his absence the
elder Weber has filled his position. The
secretary has just returned to the city, and
it is alleged that Weber planned to kill
him so that he could retain his job.
Weber was picked up from the street by
Hamlin twenty years ago and was edu
cated by the latter and supported until he
reached manhood. His brother Gus is a
tough about town and has been in the
Bridewell several times.
According to the police report Gus this
afternoon confessed that W. J. Weber of
fered to pay him to put Hamlin out of the
way, and he accepted the job. Gus took
with him as a partner in the prospective
murder another tough named Dick Malo
ney. and the two were titted up with new
clothes and weapons by the man who
wanted his benefactor killed. Sunday
evening the two would-be murderers
boarded a West Side car upon which was
riding Hamlin, the intended victim. Mr.
Hamlin left the car at Laflin street to go
home. It is in a dark neighborhood, and
it was planned to kill the old man before
he reached his own house, but Maloney
weakened, and Weber, not wishing to do
the job alone, postponed it to get another
partner.
A few words overheard spoken between
them led to an investigation. Both Web
ers are locked up and Maloney is held as a
witness. Hamlin is reluctant to believe
the man he raised from boyhood has
plotted his destruction.
THE ANA'A LEE DISASTER.
People of Victor Charge the Mine's Own
era With Carelessness.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Jan. 6.-
The situation at the Anna Lee mine at
Victor, the scene of Saturday's cave-in, re
mains practically unchanged. None of
the entombed miners have yet been
reached, and as the time passes the work
of removing the great masses of rock and
timber grows extremely dangerous. Ud to
a late nour to-night {he cage had not been
reached. The people of Victor are very
bitter against the Portland Company,
which they charge with criminal careless
ness in permitting the workings to become
so unsafe.
WILL rMOVEIiIi TO TTJRKE*.
Warships to Back Up the Demand* on
the Sultan.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. e.-Tbere is
no longer any denial that the big armored
cruiser New York and probably two other
vessels in Admiral Bunce's squadron if
noi the entire fleet now lying in readiness
at Hampton Roads, have been ordered to
be in readiness for a voyage across
the ocean to Gibraltar in case the Turkish
Government does not promptly acquiesce
in Minister Terrell's peremptory demands
from tiie Porte for immediate and full
reparation for destruction to American j
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 1896.
THE BOND MACHINE AT WORK AGAIN.
The Banker Touches the Button and Qrover Does the Rest.
property and injuries to American citizens
by Turkish subjects.
In any event, it is understood that the
cruiser New York may leave for the Medi
terranean at any moment.
GRABBED ALL EXTRA SALARIES.
The Grand Jury instructed to Indict the
Mayor and Aldermen of
Dubuque.
DUBUQUE, lowa, Jan. 6. — Judge
Husted to-day instructed the Grand Jury
to indict the Mayor and Aldermen m case
they found they have taken public funds
for salaries in excess of le^al allowances.
The Council, after the Mayor's re-election
last spring, increased his salary from $1000
to $1500, the limit allowed by law. Then
the Council raised the salaries of its own
members from $200 to $500 each and
ailowed the Mayor $500 extra for services
as ex-officio chairman of the Board of
Health and allowed some of the Aldermen
extra compensation for services as com
mittee clerks. Mayor Olinger and Alder
men Shea, Halpin, Cullen, Vogler,
Schuztz, Crawford and Bauer have taken
the extra compensation. Judge Hasted
talked to the jury two hours and declared
the members would violate their oaths if
they failed to find the indictments.
AX ASSAILAXT JCILL£D.
Patrick Galvin Shot After Wound ih>j Two
People.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. 6.— Shortly
after 12 o'clock this afternoon Pat
rick Galvin of 158 De Los street,
shot Samuel Paugh through the stomach
and Mrs. Moliie Murphy through the
abdomen and was in turn shot dead with
his own revolver by the husband of the
injured woman, W. B. Murphy, an em
ploye of the Consumers' Gas Company.
The houses of the two families adjoin on
De Los street, and as a result of family
trouble about to years ago they had not
been on speaking terms.
Mrs. Murphy and her daughter claimed
about two years ago that Galvin had been
guilty of an indignity to them, and grow
ing out of this Murphy had trouble with
Galvin, which caused all friendship be
tween the two to cease.
Samuel Paugh boarded with the Murphy
family, and did not even know Galvin by
sight. It is thought Galvin was tempora
rily insane.
Thrown Itown a Shaft.
SHAMOKIN, Pa., Jan. 6.— While Pat
rick Lynch, Peter Roberts, Stephen Mau
rute and John Maurute were being lowered
in a bucket down the 900-foot shaft at the
Luke Fiddler colliery this morning the rope
caught 300 feet from the bottom and the
men were thrown headlong down a shaft
and instantly killed.
THE PALACE BUILDING, JOHANNESBURG.
[United Slates Consulate located on the second floor, over the main entrance.]
CAN GAIN GOOD WILL
England Has a Chance to
Settle the Boundary-
Dispute.
TURNING OF THE TIDE.
Public Opinion Changing in Ref
erence to the Venezuelan
Controversy.
WAR WAS HARDLY EXPECTED.
Correspondent Norman Present", a
Golden Opportunity for Great
Britain to Embrace.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 6.— The American
correspondent of the Daily Chronicle,
Henry Norman, cables to the paper from
Washington to-day as follows:
"The tide of opinion here regarding j
England seems to me to be distinctly
turning, owing I believe both to the j
Chronicle's utterances and to England's
foreign crisis. Yesterday I quoted sympa- j
thetic words from the New York Sun and i
to-day the Tribune says there is some
thing magnificent in the way the British
themselves face their international situa
tion. The Tribune speaks of the ever
lasting birthright of the British people in
the memories cf Agincourt, Plassy and
Trafalgar and declares that the present
opportunity is equally momentous and
advantageous to both countries. It adds
that worthy diplomacy should now make
eaby the way for an equitable and arnica- '
ble settlement with Gieat Britain. Upon I
the Governments of Washington and
Westminster it rests to determine whether
this noblest opportunity of the age shall
be neglected or shall be improved to the
perpetual profit and glory of both the
great divisions of the English-speaking
race.
"Many similar utterances prove the
truth of my assertion that all the best
American opinion is earnestly desirous of
a friendly and dignified settlement. To
day I had a conversation on this subject
with Senator Gray of Delaware, an inti
mate and devoted friend of Mr. Cleveland,
and a prominent member of the Foreign
Relations Committee. Senator Gray said :
'I do not think the President made or in
tended to make a threat toward the Brit
isn Government in his message, but he did
mean to express, in the strongest way pos
sible, his own feeling and what I believe
to be the feeling of all the people of this
country regarding supposed British refusal
of arbitration in the Venezuelan matter,
except with reference to an arbitrary line
made by the British Government itself. I
know there is sincere regret and dismay
among all right-minded people here that a
more conciliatory disposition was not ac
cepted by Lord Salisbury in regard
to the general principle of arbitration.
If the British Government should show a
kindly disposition toward this principle I
believe it would be greatly welcomed by
the people of this country. So far as
there being any loss of prestige to the
British Government in its course, it
would make me more hopeful that the great
principle of arbitration will find expres
sion in a convention between the two
countries covering all questions that
might arise.
"The New Yorfc Times also describes my
statement of the American case as supe
rior and entirely truthful.
"The present moment is a golden one to
secure American good will. Can England
afford to lose it? If Lord Salisbury takes
no step and sees no way then let him re
flect that his attitude is identical with
that fatal one which lost Great Britain
her American colonies more than a cen
tury ago. The American people are eagerly
listening for some word from him. The
cost of it would be slight and the gain
colossal."
The Chronicle commenting editorially
on the foregoing will to-morrow say:
"Was there ever a situation which called
more imperatively for an advance to meet
a contention which seems to us to offer no
kind of menace to our interests or honor?
We call for expressions of opinion on this
matter. Surely Lord Salisbury, surely Mr.
Chamberlain will see the wisdom and
necessity of finding a diplomatic equivalent
for the American desire for arbitration.
If diplomacy has no such expedient left to
it then we are indeed governed by forces
that light against peace, mutual forbear
ance and all the good and promising
relations of mankind."
WOIiTB FIGHTiya FOR.
The Times Saya England Cannot Sur
render Principles.
LONDON, Emj., Jan. 6.— The Times will
say to-morrow:
"Not allowing that anything has oc
curred since President Cleve! »nd sent his
Venezuelan message to Congress to sub
stantially alter the position, we would wel
come any reasonable method of settling
the dispute without a report to force.
"There is no perticular sanctity in the
Schomburg line, but it was regarded by
Great Britain as marking off verbally
settled districts from those still unoccu
pied.
"It ought not to be difficult to determine
which districts have been actually occu
pied by each nation and excluding these
to arbitrate on the unsettled districts as a
whole.
"It would not then be necessary to deal
with the Schombur^' line at all, while the
object of Lord Salisbury's restriction
would be attained. But the people of
the United States must not suppose be
cause we share the desire of the best
among themselves for a peaceful ending of
the dispute, that we are willing to surren
der, whether we have troubles in Europe
and Africa or not, the principles for
which we have contended."
The paper urges a strengthening of the
nation's defenses, and concludes:
"Our position is purely a defensive one.
We have attacked nobody, insulted no
body, but to defend the British empire i«
no light task. It will make large demands
upon our resources, but what we have to
guard is worth lighting for. Fighting
probably will not be needed if wo show
that we are strons, prepared and thor
oughly united."
JSOT RECEIVED WITH FAVOR.
British Ouinnans Ho Sot Like the Arbi-
trillion Iden,
GEORGETOWN, British Guiana, Dec.
21. — President Cleveland's special message
relative to the boundary dispute is the
topic of conversation in every circle, and
the situation is considered critical.
General confidence is expressed in the
statesmanship of Lord Salisbury, but on
the other hand there are indications that
the question of the right of possession of
the contested territory, even to the Schom
burg line, is a matter of doubt.
Of course the proposal to arbitrate
within the Schomburg line is not received
here with favor, but it is just possible that
the recent utterances of the administra
tion of British Guiana have more to do
with this than anything else.
C tTy AX DOYLE'S LETTER.
Pleads the American View of the Vene-
zuelan Dispute.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 6.— Dr. Conan
Doyle, the well-known writer, lias sent to
the Times a letter which that paper will
publish to-morrow.
Dr. Doyle lengthily discusses the feeling
of bitterness between the English and
Americans and pleads the American view
of the Venezuelan dispute. He ex
poses the faults and arrogance of
the English Yankee - haters and pro
poses tliat an Anglo - American
Society be started in London, with
branches throughout the empire, with a
view to promoting good feeling and fur
nishing the English with the American
side of questions that may arise and vice
versa.
ANSWERS TO CRITICISM
Views of President Bartlett of
the Nicaragua Canal
Company.
Commissioners Condemned the Work
of Others Without a Proper
Examination.
[Correspondence of The United Press.]
LONDON, Exg., Dec. 21.— 1n an inter
view with J. R. Bartlett, president, of the
Nicaraguan Canal Company, in London
yesterday, a United Press reporter was in
formed by that gentleman that he had just
returned from a visit from the Manchester
ship canal.
"I was most gratified at what I saw and
surprised at the magnitude of the worii,"
said Bartlett. "The amount of excava
tion in constructing the canal was in ex
cess of 46,000,000 cubic yards in rock and
earth, nearly as much as will be required
in the entire construction of the Nicara
guan canal.
"The cost of the Manchester Canal,
about £12,000,000, was largely entmnced by
reason of the land damages and the build
ing of viaducts and bridges. Sewers, gas
pipes, water pipes, rivers and canals all
had to be taken under the river canal, a
work of great expense and magnitude.
"None of this extra work will be required
in the construction of the Nicaragua canal,
as it runs through a country not popu
lated and where no railway bridges have
to be constructed to secure right of way.
"I am, therefore, satisfied upon exami
nation of the physical facts and the items
of cost that the entire excavation in rock
and earth and building of locks upon the
Nicaraguan canal will not exceed that of
the Manchester canal."
Bartlett further said it had also been
commented on here that the commis
sioners evidently went to Nicaragua
to criticize and condemn the work
of others, and it was considered
significant that they only spent
fourteen days examining the line of the
canal from the Atlantic to the Pacific and
then were loud in criticisms of the work
of experienced men who spent years in
surveying the route and making plans
with care and at a cost of several hundred
thousand dollars.
EXCITEMEyT IS IST ENS E.
Premier liowell Will Attempt a Cabinet
Reconstruct ion.
OTTAWA, O.nt., Jan. 6.— The excite
ment in political circles here is intense.
So far the general opinion is that Premier
Mackenzie Bowell will endeavor to recon
struct his Cabinet, and it is thought by
some prominent politicians that ne will
succeed in doing this, but others say that
he will not be able to do so. The Con
servative caucus, which has been called
for to-morrow, will decide the question.
Wreck of a Passenger Train.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 7.— A dispatch
from Cape Town says that a railroad train
which had been delayed and was running
at a high rate of speed between Johaunes
biirg and Durban, on December 31, was
thrown from the track and twenty-eight
passengers were killed and twenty-three
injured.
Death of a y<trd Sculptor.
PARIS, Fka>-ce, Jan. 6.— Alfred Henri
Marie Jacquemart, a well-known French
sculptor, died last Saturday. He was born
in Pans, February 22, 1824. He was a
member of the Legion of Honor. His
works are numerous.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
RESCUED BY
THE UITLANDERS
Dr. Jameson Reported to
Have Escaped From
Prison.
STORY OF AN UPRISING.
Sensational News From the Dis
turbed Transvaal Not Yet
Verified.
ON THE WAY TO CAPE TOWN.
England Said to Be Hastily Sending
Troops to Help Out the
Invaders.
NEW YORK, N, V., Jan. 6.— A special
cable to the Evening Sun from London
says:
The news from the Transvaal Republic,
which the British Foreign Office has been
suppressing, turns out to be of the most
sensational description.
Tne London Consul of the Transvaal
Republic is authority for the statement
that he has received a private dispatch,
from Johannesburg announcing that Dr.
Jameson has been rescued by the
Uitlanders.
The presumption is that a rising has oc
curred and that the Boers, who had the
custody of Jameson and his men, hava
been overwhelmed.
The same dispatch also states that the
British Government is rushing troops to
Cape Town. Twelve hundred soldiers left
Bombay yesterday and more are to follow.
LUSCIt EDI TED J.V l OXli OS.
Dental of the Story of the Jilting of
Uitlandera.
LONDON, Eng.. Jan. 6.— Frequent and
prolonged conferences have taken place
throughout the day among Joseph Cham
berlain, Secretary of State for the Colonies,
and G. J. Goichen, First Lord of the Ad
miralty Department. General Wolseley,
conimander-in-ohief of the British forces,
and the entire headquarters staff busied
themselves at the Horse Guarus until a
late hour to-nijrht.
The Colonial Office has heard nothing of
the alleged rising up of Uitlanders against
President Kruger of the Transvaal repub
lic, nor have the authorities of that office
received any information that Dr. Jame
son has besn rescued by the Uitlanders.
Both reports are discredited by the colon
ial authorities.
In regard to the report that the British
Government is rushing troops into Cape
Colony and the story that 1200 soldiers
left Bombay yesterday and more are to
follow it is learned at tne War Office that
no troops have been specially ordered to
the Cape.
The only transport ship conveying
troops from Bombay is the steamer Vic
toria, which is bringing 1200 soldiers
home from that dace. The Victoria was
ordered to call at Cape Town on her way
home to learn if the men she has on board
would be needed in Ashantee. The report
that troops were being sent from Bombay
to tne Cape undoubtedly originated in a
misconception of the destination of the
men on board the Victoria.
The Central News says that it has been
decided to land at Cape Town the 1200
troops who were recently ordered home
from Bombay on the transport Victoria.
The transport is due to arrive at Cape
Town on January 16. Some of the soldiers
are invalids while others are men whose
time has expired.
In an interview to-day Sydney Buxton,
who was Parliamentary Secretary of the
Colonial Office in Gladstone's last admin
istration, said the Government would
doubtless receive the unanimous snpport
of ihe country in its policy in the Trans
vaal.
He cited statements made by the late
Government in the House of Commons,
the purport of which was similar to those
made by Colonial Secretary Cnamberlain,
to the effect that the Government would
adhere to its obligations under the con
vention of 1884, anil would uphold that
convention in all its provisions.
The Times will publish to-morrow a dis«
patch from Cape Town saying that Dr.
Leyd, Secretary of State of the Transvaal,
with a secret fund that was placed at his
disposal, has floated a German coloniza
tion company, which will introduce 5000
German military settlers into the Trans
vaal.
The dispatch adds that President
Krueger has stopped food supplies from
entering Johannesburg. The whole
national reform committee has been ar
rested, isobedy is allowed to enter the
Transvaal without a passport bearing the
vise of President Krueger.
On January 1. despite their own griev
ances, the Germans in Pretoria sent a
cable dispatch to Emperor William through
the German Consul imploring his Majesty
to brine: pressure to bear on England not
to interfere in the Transvaal.
A dispatch from Johannesburg, dated
January 1, says that the German ana
American residents of that city, after un
satisfactory interviews with the Govern
ment, joined the National Union of
Uitlanders, which is now a united body.
RECOGMZES ISDEPESDEXCB.
Germany to Send a Resident Coniul to
I'retoria.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 6.— The Em
peror gave audience to-day to Dr. Leyd,
Secretary of State of the Souch African re
public.
It is said that the Emperor promised
Dr. Leyd that Germany would recognize
the independence of the Transvaal repub
lic by appointing a German resident Con
sul at Pretoria instead of a Consul, as
heretofore, and also assured the Transvaal
Secretary of State that the Triple Ailiaace2
would also recognize the independence of
the South African republic
The Frankfort Gazette supports the
statement that Emperor William prom
ised l>r. Leyd, Secrelary of State of the
Soutn African Republic, that Germany
would recognize the independence of tho
Transvaal. The paper says that the Ger
man Government will appoint a Consul-
General at Pretoria, "who will exercise the
functions of a diplomatic agent.
FAZE OF jAMf.SOX'S BROTHEJt.
Jiitd in Omaha After X, i n<j Clubbed by
it I'ollcanan.
OMAHA, Kbbb., Jan. 6.— A. G. Jame-
Bon, a brother of Dr. Jameson of South
Africa, was a young Scotchman with a
medical education who came West seeking
a location, stopped over in Omaha and
studied in the office of Dr. Leisenring
about seven years ago. He was a bright
and capable fellow. His greatest fault was
his drinking, and while under the influ
ence of liquor he was wild and unruly.
He did some newspaper work in tne city
and had many friends in that profession.
He was a dashing and brilliant man. In
April, 1 ».<«., Jameson, while intoxicated,
was arrested and severely clubbed in the
ecuttie ensuing by the officer. Jameson
died a few days later in the hospital, and,
in the investigation following, the doctors
stated that Jameson was becoming sick
with 6carlet fever when arrested, and that
his death was really due to that.
W. William Meklrum, a taiJor, who was
prominent in Scottish circles, received a
letter that summer from Dr. Jameson,
thanking him and others for the kindness
shown his brother.
LOYALTY AT VASCOVTEIU
r.nrtlishuitn liendy li> Fight Germany or
Any Other l'oieer.
VANCOUVER, B. < .. Jan. 6.— News
from the Transvaal and the comments of
the London press on the message from the
German Emperor to President Krueger has
I great excitement here. The Even
ing World gives expression to the general
feeling in an article headed "War! War!
a.- follows:
"Thrilling are oar dispatches to-day, and
they Mir the blood. The feeling thai per
vaded Vancouver to-day is the same that
possesses the dear old motherland, a fer
vent loyalty that nothing can shatter. It
is a proud boast that we belong to an em
pire that draws r.s so closely together in
the bonds of affection and sympathy.
England can whip them singly or to
gether, men said, and they would gladly
periorm their duty should the necessity
arise. Let ns all hope and pray that peace
will reign, but if battle must come, we in
i olony, which Britain has protected
and cherished, will stand by the old flag
and those whom it enf<
CAPTAIX COFEJffTJSI'B DEATH.
I'trisiud hvotti Wound* Jlercired During
tlir Jiattle.
LONDON, ]".%<;., Jan. 6.— The Colonial
Ofhce is informed that Hun. Charles Cov
entry, captain in the Bechuanaland police
and Bon of the Earl of Coventry, has died
from the wounds received in the battle
between the Boers and the followers of
Dr. Jameson.
AN OIL TANK EXPLODES.
One Man Instantly Killed and
Three Others Badly
Injured.
Seven Workmen in the Immediate Vi
cinity Have a Narrow Escape
From Death.
BROOKLYN, N.Y., Jan. G.-One man
was instantly killed and three badly in
jured in an explosion which occurred this
afternoon in an oil tank in the factory of
the United States and Canada Decreasing
Company. Seven men working in the im
mediate vicinity of the tank had a miracu
; c from death.
Without a warning the bi<;naphtha-tr.nk
exploded, scattering oii and debris in every
direction. The list of the killed and in
jured is as follows: An unknown man,
burned beyond recognition ; William Mil
ler, badly burned by boiling oil; George
Miller, scalp and face wounds; Alfred
Parker, foreman, severe scalp wounds and
shock.
The injured will recover. As a result of
the explosion the building was set on fire,
but the flames were confined to the sec
tion of the building where the explosion
occurred. The machinery in the room
was shattered to fragments. The total
loss to machinery and building wa s $8000.
GAVE STOCK AND NOT MONEY.
Heirs File Serious Charges Against the
Executors of the Marder
Estate.
CHICAGO, lix., Jan. 6.— A petition was
filed to-day in the Probate Court by Her
bert C. Luse, one of the heirs of the late
A. P. Luse of the big type foundry firm of
Maraer, Luse & Co., asking for a citation
against John Marder and Albert B. An
derson, executors of the estate. It is
alleged the estimate of $:X)0,000 has been
dissipated, including $230,000 worth of
stock in the foundry. The executors are
accused of paying the heirs only small
sums of money due them nnd giving them
stock in the American Type Founders'
Company, a concern which was in the na
ture of a National trust, but the stock of
which is said to be valueless now. It is
alleged that Marder was the prime mover
in organizing the trust and turned the
assets of the Chicngo firm over to the trust
in exchange for stock.
JJV VESPER ATE STRAITS.
Serious Condition of Italian Troops in
Erythea.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 7.— A cable dis
patch to the Herald from Berlin says:
Serious rumors are in circulation here
regarding the situation of Italians in
Erytbea. Their position is said to be
almost desperate.
It is learned that the tension between
England and Italy, in regard to the re
fusal of the former power to allow the
latter to disembark troops at Zeilc, has be-
come very serious.
ImjaU's 'A"ame Dropped.
LEAVENWORTH, Kaxs., Jan. 6.— Ex-
Senator John J. Installs of Atchison was
dropped from the roll of memDership of
the military order of the Loyal Legion of
Kansas at the monthly meeting held in
this city. The ex-Senator desired eleva
tion from the third to the first rank, but
only ex-commissioned officers are ad
mitted to the rank. Correspondence fol
lowed and a strained situation resulted.
Xorthern Pacific Earnings.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 6.— The gross
earnings of the Northern Pacific road for
December were $1,501,555, an increase of
$185,775. From JuJy 1. 1895, the gross
earnings were $11,988,149, un increase of
$1,652,533.
FRIENDLY TO SILVER
Free Coinage Substitute to
the House Bond
Bill.
WILL OPEN THE MINTS.
Greenbacks to Be Redeemed in
Either Gold or the White
Metal.
USE FOR THE SEIGNIORAGE.
Republican Members of the Senate
Will Caucus to Consider the
Tariff Bill.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 6.— lt took
the Senate Committee on Finance this
afternoon less than rifteen minutes to
order a favorable report on a free-coinage
bill as substitute to tne House bond bill,
which has been before the committee for
beveral days.
On motion of Voorhees, former chair
man of the committee, the enacting clause I
was stricken out and the following sub
stitnted:
Bsctioh I.— From and after the passage of
this act, the mints of the United States shall
be open to the coinage of silver, and there shall
be coined dollars of the weight of 412% grains
troy, of standard silver, nine-tenths fine,
as provided by the act of January 18,
l s :>7, and upon the same terms and subject
to the same limitations and provisions of law
regulating the coinage and legal tender qual
ity ol gold; and whenever the said coins
herein provided shall be received into the
treasury certHicates maybe issued therefor in
the manner now provided by law.
Pec. 2— That the Secretary of the Treasury
shall coin standard silver dollars as soon as
practicable according to the Drovisions of sec
tion 1 of this act from the silver bullion
purchased under the authority of the
act of July 14, 1890, entitled, "An act directing
tne purchase of silver bullion and the issue
of treasury notes thereon and for other pur
poses." That portion of said silver bullion
which represents the seigniorage o» profit to
the Government, to wit: The difference be
tween the cost of the silver purchased under
said act and its coinage value, and
said silver dollars so coined shall be
used in the payment of the current
expense of the Government, and for the pur
pose of said .seigniorage immediately available
for use as money, the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized and directed to issue
silver certificates against it, as it it were
already coined aud in the treasury.
•Sec. 3. That no national Dank note shall be j
hereafter issued of a denomination less than '
$10, and that nil notes of such banks now {
outstanding of denominations less than
that sum shall be, as rapidly as practicable,
taken up, redeemed and canceled, and notes
of $10 and larger denominations shall be is
sued in their stead under the direction of the
Comptroller of the Currency.
.Sec. 4. The Secretary of the Treasury shall
redeem ihe United States notes commonly
called greenbacks and also the treasury notes :
issued under the provisions of the act of July '
14, 1890, when presented for redemp
tion in s-tandard silver dollars
or in gold coin, using for redemp-
tion of said notes either gold or silver
coin, or both, not at the option of the holder,
but exclusively at the option of the Treasury
Department, and the notes commonly called
greenbacks when so redeemed shall be reis
sued, as provided in the act of May 3i, 1878.
This measure was agreed upon at a con
ference of the silver men of this committee
this morning, all the silver men being
Democrats but Jones of Nevada.
Immediately upon the reassembling of
the full committee this bill was presented
and a vote called for. There was no de
bate. Tlie bill was read, and by a vote of
eitjht to five a favorable report was or
dered to be made.
The report will be made to the Senate
to-morrow by Jones of Arkansas. "Whether
there will be protracted debate remains to
be seen. The result can be easily foretold.
The majority in the Senate in favor of free
coinage is at least ten and it may reach a
dozen.
REPUBLIC ASS TO CAUCUS.
Several Chancres in the Pending Tariff
Hill Contemplated.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 6.— The Re
publicans of the Senate will hold a caucus
to-morrow morning at 10:30 o'clock to con
sider the tariff bill now pending before the
Senate Finance Committee.
The Republican members of that com
mittee were in conference for upward of
two hours to-day. Several propositions
were submitted to raise the House increase
of 15 per cent on all schedules of the Wil
son act to 20 per cent in the schedules cov
ering agricultural products, crockery, to
bacco and spirituous liquors.
Jones of Nevada insists that the duty on
raw sugar, •which was not touched by the
House, shall atso be increased by 15 per
cent, and he is indorsed by the Senators
from Nebraska and California.
As the vote of Jones, who is now ranked
as Populist, is necessary to enable the
Republicans to report their bill from the
committee, it is thought that if he persists
in his views with regard to the schedule
he will compel the change to be made.
At this meeting a full interchange of
views will be held and an effort made to
get the Republicans to agree upon some
policy that will find them standing to
gether when the bill is reported and ready
to vote down any and all amendments the
opposition may offer.
If they can maintain a solid front they
expect to eventually carry the bill through
the Senate. The caucus to-morrow will
indicate the success or failure of the tariff
bill.
HARRISON MAY SOOX WEI).
Gossip Concerning the Ex.- President's
Engagement to Mrs. Dimtnick.
INDIA>APOLIS, Ind., Jan. 6.— The ac
cidental discovery that ex-President Har
rison will leave for New York some time
during the present week has revived the
gossip about his intended marriage. His
friends generally balieve that the reports
regarding him and Mrs. Dimmick are
true, ana it is not improbable that his
marriage will take place during his ab
sence from the city on the present trip.
There have been no recent developments
in the case here, but it is said that the im
provements at the North Delaware-street
homestead are now complete, ana Gen
eral Harrison's goinc; East just at this
time is regarded as significant. Within
the last month the decorators have
been at work almost constantly, and the
walls and ceilings of the lower floor de
partments have been handsomely papered
the floors recarpeted and severa"! pieces of
ne;v furniture added to the house. Simi
lar but not such elaborate improvements
have been made on the apartments of the
second floor, and the house is now one of
the most attractive homes in the city.
As Mrs. McKee had taken up her resi
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1896.
dence permanently in the East when these
improvements we're started, their signifi
cance was not understood at the time, but
; the reported engagement to Mrs. Dim
■ mick has explained them and seems now
! to the ex-President's friends indubitable
I proof that bis early marriage is a cer
; tainty. His friends will not be surprised
i to hear of his marriage at any time after
I he reaches New York.
WAS A HEAVY DEFAULTER.
That /s Why Arno Korb. a Bookkeeper With
a Big Salary, Committed
Suicide.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 6.— lt came
out yesterday that Arno Korb, who was
head bookkeeper for Victor & Achelis, and
who committed suicide the day before
Christmas at his home, had robbed the
firm of many thousands of dollars. He
and his wife agreed to die together. The
man died, but the woman gashed one
wrist a little and was partly asphyxiated
by gas which escaped into the room from
the tube by which her husband inhaled
enough to kill him. Mrs. Korb was soon
out of danger and was discharged in the
Police Court.
Four days before his suicide Korb had
confessed to his employers that ne had
robbed them, but only of about $5000. He
had a credit of $2000 or $3000 with the firm
and said he would make up the deficit.
Besides being head bookkeeper he was the
treasurer of the Underbill Knitting-mills
at Nutley, N. J., controlled by the firm.
His salary was $4000.
It soon became apparent to the account
ants that there were serious irregularities,
and after the suicide it was found that
there was a deficit of between $70,000 and
$80,000. Investigation disclosed the fact
that he had bought railroad bonds from
time to time, and after much search by the
police these bonds to the value of more
than $70,000 were found in the hands of a
number of brokers, where they had been
put for sale by Mrs. Korb, who had per
sistently denied that she knew anything
about them.
CHICAGO BEEF COMBINE
Agents of the Government Secur
ing Evidence Against the
"Big Four."
Big Packers Accused of Forming an
Agreement to Buy Stock Only
at a Fixed Price.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 6.— Kennesaw M.
Landis, who was late the; Secretary Gresh
am's private secretary and who was recent
ly appointed by Attorney-General Harmon,
special attorney to prosecute the alleged
combination of the big beef-packers of this
city, has been summoned to Washington,
ostensibly to confer with Secretary Mor
ton and the Attorney-General regarding
the evidence obtained by the special agents
of the departments of Justice and Agri
culture and as to the mode of procedure
against the alleged violators of the anti
trust law.
Since Mr. Landis received his commis
sion he has been in daily conference with
the chief special agents of the Govern
ment and with District Attorney Black. It
is known that strong cumulative proof of
the existence of a beef combine has been
obtained in Chicago and the Northwestern
States within the last three months by
Edward Sheldon, agent of the Agricultural
Department, and half a dozen deputies.
Sheldon has made Chicago his headquar
ters and worked quietly with his men
among the shippers, buyers, commission
men and cattle-raisers who do business at
the Union stockyards and with the "Big
Four," Armour, Morris, Cudahy and Swift
These are the firms against whom the Fed
eral prosecution is directed.
The Attorney-General has had agents in
this city and the Northwest co-operating
with Secretary Morton's emissaries, and
although all concerned on the Government
side are usually secretive, enough has
leaked out to warrant the assertion that
when the case comes to trial there will be
a surprising revelation. In substance the
big packers are accused of having formed
an agreement not to buy stock except at a
fixed price and not to bid against each
other. After the smaller packers and buy
ers of fancy stock for the East and export
have made their purchases it is alleged
the big ones offer to buy at a low figure,
and appear indifferent as to closing sales.
When the stock is offered to another
packer it is said he will not bid a higher
price, and the cattle-owner or the commis
sion man has no alternative except to sell
to stop feeding expenses.
OXLt OXE Bin RECEIVED.
Financiers Xot Anxious for the Lombard
Company's Assets.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 6.— The bids
for the assets of the Lombard Investment
Company were opened by Edward H.
Stilus, muster in chancery, at 3 o'clock this
afternoon. It was understood that Attor
ney C. Flower, representing the associa
tion of creditors, would bid in the assets.
Stiles approximated the present value of
the assets to be sold, which are lands and
mortgages, at about $370,000.
The only bid received was one of $200,
--000 from Mr. Flower's committee for the
assets of the Lombard Company of Mis
souri, the Lombard Company of Kansas,
the Alliance Trust Company, the City
Real Estate Company and the Valley Loan
and Trust Company. Stiles can receive or
reject the same within ten days.
MITjTjIOXAIRES VOTKI).
Baler He-elected President of the Chi-
citf/o Hoard of Trade.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 6. -The annual
Board of Trade election to-day resulted in
another triumph for President William T.
Baker, he being elected for a fourth term
by a majority of 215 votes in a total cast of
1357.
His opponent, Thomas A. Wright, was
classed as the friend of the elevator inter
ests, and, although his ticket was headed
"Anti-bucket-shop," the conservative ele
ment on the board was opposed to him.
The contest was fl^e most exciting known
to veteran traders. It brought to the floor
to cast their ballots millionaires who are
rarely seen there, Marshall Field and three
of the Armour family, including P. D.j
being among the voters.
Judgment Against Allis.
LITTLE ROCK, Aek., Jan. 6.— Judge
Williams of the Federal court to-day gave
Receiver S. R. Cockrellof the defunct First
National Bank judgment to the amount of
$213,382 62 against Horace G. Allis, ex
president, who is now serving a five years'
sentence in the Brooklyn penitentiary for
wrecking the bank. The judgment is on
notes, drafts and ooen accounts due by
Allis to the bank. The proceedings were
merely a matter of form, but will be held
over Allis' head.
Stabbed the Peacemakers.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Jan. 6.— C. L.
Lewis, who lives five miles east of El
Dorado, Ark., stabbed and instantly killed
Sam Delong last night and dangerously
stabbed H. T. Thompson, his father-in
law. Lewis was drunk. It was a family
row, and the peacemakers were assailed.
FEELINGS OF RELIEF
Political and Financial Cir
cles Pleased With the
Call
FOR A POPULAR LOAN.
Difference Between the Present
Bond Plan and the Previous
Issues.
PLENTY OF MONEY EXPECTED.
Some Bankers Say That No Trouble
Will Be Met in Repairing National
Finances.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 6.— A feel
ing of relief is experienced in political and
financial circles here over the fact that the
administration has at last announced its
position on the question of selling bonds.
The tension of the past ten days has been
extreme.
The bond proposal differs from all the
other three that have gone before it in that
it is alternative in character. It opens the
way for the acceptance of the bonds on
terms prescribed by Congress should Con
gress Bee fit to act before February 5.
Under the clause reserving the power to
reject any or all bid^, the administration
can sift out from the proposals, should
Congress act before February 5, whatever
bids may be considered most favorable to
the Government, and should Congress not
act, then under the administration's popu
lar loan proposition, those proposals most
favorable can also be accepted and those
not can be rejected.
Thus, while inviting proposals for
$100,000,000 of 4 per cent thirty-year bonds
less than that amount may be accepted
should tne terms proposed be considered
unfavorable.
The bonds sold to the Morgan-Beimont
syndicate are now bringing in the open
market 115 and over. The public is now
criven an opportunity to determine the
disputed proposition whether a popular
loan at present market prices can be
floated by the United- States within the
United States.
So far during this administration three
bond issues have been -made, aggregating
$162,315,400. for which $182,000,000 in gold
was received.
On March 1, 1893, the public debt in the
United States, including certificates and
treasury notes, aggregated $1,5<)5,110,098,
and on January 1, 1895, the public debt,
including certilicates and treasury notes,
aggregated $1,693,349,135, or an increase of
$123,239,037.
On March 1, 1893, the general cash
balance of the treasury was §124,000.000,
of which $100,000,000 was in gold, and on
January 1, 1896, the general treasury
balance was $178,000,000, of which $03,
--000.000 was in gold.
Since July 1, 1892, and up to January 1,
1896, three years and a half, the expendi
tures of the Government have exceeded
the receipts in round numbers by $127,
--0
The treasury gold reserve to-day stood
at the close of business, with all with
drawals out, at $61,351,826. The with
drawals to-day amounted to $166,000.
JtAXKERS SOT JIGKEEI).
But Some Hay the. Amount Will lie Sub-
nnilicrt For.
CHICAGO, 111, Jan. 6.— While there is
some difference of opinion among Chicago
bankers and brokers in regard to the ac
tion of the National administration in
issuing a call for a popular loan of
$100,000,000, the general impression is that
the President did the proper thing and
that Chicago capital will do its part in
floating the bonds. President John J.
Mitchell of the Illinois Trust and Savings
Bank said :
"There is no doubt abont the amount
called for being subscribed for many times
over. It was the only thing the President
could well do under the circumstances,
and was necessary for his vindication in
the eyes of those who opposed his policy
in such matters in the past."
Mr. Mitchell thought bids would range
from par to 4 per cent premium.
President Lyman J. Gage of the First
National Bank said:
"As a matter of patriotism there will
doubtless be ample bids, but people are
beginning to think Congress should exhibit
a little more patriotism in such matters.
I do not think the move altogether advis
able when the country is in its present
linancial situation and with the air full of
war rumors. It would have been better,
particularly from a cold business point of
view, if the President had arranged the
matter with a syndicate. That would not
have been an experiment. This arrange
ment is."
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. C— There is
great diversity of opinion in Wall street
regarding the nroposed bond Bale of the
Government. The call leaves it ODen for
both small investors and the capitalist.
As subscriptions will be received for nearly
a month it will also give foreign investors
plenty of time to make their engagements
of the bonds. In the matter of paying for
the bonds the installments are so placed
as to prevent exhaustive withdrawals from
the treasury. The arrangements for sub
scriptions for another kind of bonds, if
authorized by law, it is thought will silence
criticism in Congress.
The market for securities took a favor
able view of the matter at the start, but
later on there was a decided change in
the sentiment and prices dropped 14 to
2 per cent. Bank officials were not will
ing to be quoted, although some of them
said that it was evident that the difficulty
of obtaining big blocks ot gold without dis
turbance to the financial and commercial
situation was not fully appreciated in cer
tain quarters.
The first effect of the call on the bullion
market was the disappearance of the pre
mium on gold. Operations for importing
gold have also come to a standstill. As
to the amount the subscriptions are likely
to reach, bankers cay it is too early to
make any predictions and that Congress
has to be heard from yet.
■REPUBLIC AAB SATISFIED.
Senators Who Think the Hand Call Care-
fully Drawn.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Jan. 6.—Repub
lican members of the Senate Finance Com
mittee look upon the bond call of Secretary
Carlisle as carefully drawn and capable of
covering every contingency. While they
will not permit themselves to be quoted,
they say that the call bears upon its
face an evidence of the desire of the treas
ury to be fair iti the matter and place the
loan in the usual manner. The public no
tice thus given is pleasing to those who
were opponents of the arrangement that
was alleged to be under way with the New
York syndicate.
SESSIO\ OF THE HOUSE.
-Vo Public Reference Made on the Sub-
jeet of >;..,,•/-.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 6.— The
.Senate not being in session to-day all in
terest in legislative matters was centered
in the south wing of the Capitol, where there
was some expectancy that there might
be a flurry of some kind in connection
with the thirty days' call for bids for
$100,000,000 worth of 4 per cent bonds pub
lished in this morning's papers. No pub
lic reference, however, was made on the
subject.
After some preliminary routine business,
unanimous consent was asked by Broder
ick (R.) of Kansas to have Clarence E.
Allen sworn in as a Representative from
Utah. That State, he said, had been ad
mitted into the Union last Saturday and
Allen had credentials signed by the Gov
ernor and Secretary of State, though not
in their official capacity a3 they were only
to be sworn in to-day.
Objection wa9 made by Crisp (D.) of
Georgia and the matter was referred to
the Judiciary Committee with leave to re
port at any time.
Hitt (R.) of Illinois offered a joint reso
lution appointing William L. Wilson of
West Virginia a member of the Board of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution in
place of Henry Coppe, deceased, and it
was passed.
The House then, on motion of Dingley
(R.) of Maine, adjourned until to-morrow.
TIME OSJLS WILL TELL.
The Bond Syndicate Will Think Over the
Matter.
NEW YORK, N.T., Jan. 6.-J. Pierpont
Morgan, the head of the bond syndicate,
said tbis afternoon :
"I am not prepared to say what course
the syndicate will pursue. There is thirty
days in which to think over the matter.
No one has yet withdrawn from the syn
dicate. Ido not see why people who de
sire to bid for bond 3 should not be able to
get gold. The syndicate has no corner in
it."
THE RATE IS TOO LOW.
German Hankers I)o JS'ot Want A.ny of the
Loan.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 6. — The
Deutsche Bank group which proposed to
take part of the new American loan, upon
learning that the bond issue called, for by
Mr. Carlisle would be a home loan for
which 103 would be offered in the United
States, have announced that they consider
i: impossible for the German banks to take
any part of it. They assert that there is
no market in Germany fora 4 per cent coin
loan at 103. _^_
ECHOES OF A SCANDAL
Opening of the Trial of Chap-
man, Who Refused to An
swer Questions.
Now There Is a Prospect of the Sugar-
Trust Bribery Charges Being
Aired in Court.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 6.— The
first of the sugar trust Senatorial bribery
cases was called this morning in the Dis
trict Court, bting that of E. R. Chapman
of New York, on an indictment for declin
ing to answer the investigating commit
tee's questions. A jury was impaneled on
Saturday and to-day was occupied with
the opening addresses of counsel on both
sides.
The court overruled the objection to the
introduction of the Senate journal upon
the certificate in which there was an al
leged variance with the indictment and
the defendant's attorneys stated they
would make general objection to all such
certification.
It was alleged by the prosecution that
the effect of the Wilson bill was ruinous to
the sugar trust and that steps were at once
taken to defeat its adoption by the Senate.
Its stock fell immediately upon the adop
tion of the bill by ihe House and by reason
of the amendments proposed by the Senate
Finance Committee and by Senator Jones
of Arkansas, respectively, the value of the
stock was at once restored. This caused
the scandal and actuated the charges pre
ferred by the newspapers that brought on
the Senate inquiry.
William A. Fields, employed by the Sen
ate as a clerk, and William C. Prentiss,
who mado the stenographic report of Mr.
Chapman's testimony before the Senate
investigating committee, testified to the
fact. Upon Prentiss' cross-examination
Attorney Wilson requested the witness to
begin at the beginning and read the en
tire proceedings before the committee.
District Attorney Birney objected to this
and the objection was sustained by the
court, and after some further talk the court
adjourned until to-morrow, when counsel
will submit authorities and arguments on
on this issue.
PRODUCT OV TBE 3IiyHS.
figures of the Mint Jtirector on the Gold
and Silver Output,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 6.-R. E.
Preston, Director of the Mint, has re
ceived an approximate estimate of the
gold and silver product of the United
States in 1895 from the mint officers and
other agents employed to collect these
statistics. The value of the gold and the
number of tine ounces of silver produced
by the several States and Territories is es
timated to have been $52,614,000 in gold
ami $51,000,000 in silver.
The Director of the Mint is of the opin
ion that the estimates of the gold product
of Oregon and that of Montana and South
Dakota are excessive, and that when the
final figures are compiled the production
of gold by the mines of the United States
in 1895 will be found to have been from
$46,000,000 to $47,000,000 and the silver
product about 46,000,000 fine ounces.
The Jtam Kutaltil in.]
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 6. -The
Navy Department will issue orders with
out delay sending the ram Katahdin,
which became a vessel of the new navy
Saturday through the approval of the joint
resolution for her acceptance, to the New
York Navy-yard for some minor finishing
touches necessary to place her in condition
for service. Part of the officers and crew
of the Texas will be transferred to the
little ship.
Appointed a Correspondent.
WASHINGTON, D. p., Jan. 6. - The
President to-day appointed Francis E.
Leupp, a Washington newspaper corre
spondent, a member of the Board of In-
Indian Commissioners, vice William E.
Russell of Massachusetts, declined.
Aroused bit nil Earihrmnh-p.
HANOVER, N. 11., Jan. 6.— An earth
quake of sufficient force to awaken people
from sound sleep and shake buildings was
felt here at 4 o'clock this morning.
PECKHAM IN OFFICE
Seated on the Bench of the
United States Supreme
Court.
WELCOMED BY THE BAR.
Large Gathering to Witness the
Induction of the New
Justice.
ADMINISTRATION OF THE OATH
The Simple Ceremony of Installing a
Member of the Highest Federal
Tribunal.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. C— The in
duction into office of a new member of
the Supreme Court of the United States is
an event rarely occurring in Washington,
and to-day it attracted a crowd that more
than taxed the capacity of the small
chamber in which it took place. To-day
when Hon. Rufus W. Peckham of New
York, the new associate Justice, took his
seat on the bench, the restricted accommo
dations were occupied some time before
the hour of noon, at which time the court
meets.
There were present within the bar, be
sides a full representation of the Depart
ment of Justice, headed by Attorney-
General Harmon and a large attendance
of the bar, Mr. Van Yu, the Chinese Min
ister, accompanied by his secretary and
Rufus W. Pcckhara, the New Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court.
interpreter. Their costumes were the only
relief to the prevailing dull gray-black of
the color sceue within the rail. The seat 3
reserved for the families of the Justices
were rilled with the ladies of their house
holds, Mrs. Peckham being among them.
Shortly before noon Mr. Peckham
reached the Capitol and proceeded at once
to the reading-room of the Justices, where
he joined nis new associates, ail of whom
he had previously met. Donning his
robe, made by Mrs. Stringer, the court
costumer, from a magnificent weave of
American silk, the statutory oath was ad
ministered to the new Justice by Chief
Justice Fuller.
Promptly at 12 o'clock the impressive
procession of the members of the court,
led by the Marshal and headed by the
Chief Justice, appeared in the courtroom
and the audience rose to its feet, remain
ing standing until the members of the
court were seated. Mr. Peckham took a
seat just below the bench, alongside the
clerk, J. ri. McKenny, Order being re
stored, Chief Justice Fuller said:
"It gives me pleasure to announce to the
gentlemen of the bar that Mr. Rufus W.
Peckham, a citizen of the State of New
York, has been appointed to a seat on this
bench. Mr. Peckham is present and pre
pared to take the oath after his commission,
which will be entered on the records of the
court, has been read by the clerk."
Mr. McKenny read the commission and
then with a copy of the oath in his hand
the new Justice read it in a firm, fine tone.
During this the court and audience were
standing and remained so until Justice
Peckham had taken his seat at the extreme
left of the bench next to Justice Shiras
until now occupied by Justice White.
As he stepped on the platform Justice
Shiras welcomed him with a handshake
and all the other members with a formal
bow. Returning this Mr. Peckham
dropped into the luxurious armchair pro
vided and the ceremony wa3 over.
IX THE SUPREME COURT.
Stotion to Jtetax Coats in the Oakland
Water-Front Case.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 6.-In the
case of the State of California vs. the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company in the
Supreme Court of the United States to
day involving the title to the water front
of the city of Oakland, which was heard at
the last term of the court, a motion was
made to retax the costs, assessed at some
thing over $7000. The case came to no
conclusion in the Supreme Court of the
United States, the parties being relegated
to the State courts for preliminary action
Sam Downing alias Sam Hickory who
has been twice convicted before "judee
Parker of the murder of Joseph Wihon a
white man in the Cherokee Nation was
granted a new trial. Justice White an
nouncing tne opinion .severely criticized
Judge Parkers charge. The sentence of
death, passed by tbe same Judge upon
George and John Pierce for the murder of
A Chill
To the surface of the body drives the blood
to the heart cold and vitiated. Then fol-
lows catarrh, indigestion, ■ heart disease
The blood must be enriched and vitalized
by taking •- :i- - .
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. $1; 6 for $5.
Hond*<? Pi 1 1 c . U! i e biliousness and
* IUUUO rillb slck headache. 25c.
William Vander in the Indian Territory,
was affirmed.
OF XSTEHIiST TO THE COAST.
The House Committee on Pacific Roada
in Organize.
WASHINGTON, I). C, Jan. 6.— The
House Committee on Pacific Railroad 9
will meet to-morrow for the purpose of or
ganization. Powers of Vermont was seen
by The Call correspondent to-night. He
said:
"Inasmuch as this will be our first meet
ing I am unable to form an opinion as to
the several or collective views of its mem
bers. Two-thirds of the committee are new
members and no one knows how they will
vote. The bill I will propose is onjhe
lines of Reilly's bill in the last Congress
with some modifications and, I think, im
provements.
"I am not able to make any prediction
as to what the fate of such would be either
in committee or in the House. The fact
that most of those who supported Reillj's
bill in the last Congress were Republicans
and that this House is overwhelmingly
Republican does not, I think, warrant any
inference that a funding bill would pass. 7 '
Mr. Maguire said to-nitjht that he be
lieved the house committee would report
a funding bill. Just what its features
would be he was unable to say, but thought
probably it would be simiiarto what Frey
introduced in the Senate last year. M;;
--guire said he thought the House Com
mittee would deny a hearing, but The
Call correspondent was informed by
Chairman Powers that a hearing would
be given each side.
The following pensions have been issued
to California: John Furlong, Sun Fran
cisco; Manuel F. Sidelinger. Grass Valley;
Annie E. Bash, San Francisco.
Thomas B. Bond of Lakeport is at tho
Riggs House. He is to argue the celebrated
Wright irrigation case.
SUBJECT TO ARMY RULES.
Major Armes Can Now Be Pun-
ished for Insulting Scho
field.
An Opinion by the Court of Appeals
Reversing the Judgment Ren
dered in the Case.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 6.-The
District Court of Appeals to-day handed
down an opinion in the case of Colonel
Henry "W. Classen aprainst Major George
A. Armes, reversing the order of Judge
Bradley of the District Supreme Court,
discharging Armes from the custody of
the military authorities and remanding
the case to the court below with directions
to issue its warrant to the Marshal of this
district for the rearrest of Major Armes
and to remand the appellee to military
custody.
This leaves the Military Department free
to visit any measure of discipline it may
think proper against Armes for his alleged
violation of army regulations in writing
an exceedingly intemperate and improper
letter to General Schotieid, then command
ing the army, charging him with having
dealt with him (Armes) in an unfair man
ner, and vigorously denouncing him for
alleged grievances, etc.
The court in its opinion said this wa3
not the case of a civilian ruthlessly im
prisoned by arbitrary authority, but an
officer of the army, subject to statute rules
and articles of war, and that the force of
the statute was not broken by the fact that
the duties of a retired officer, such as the
appellbe is, are of exceedingly limited
character.
Unless appealed to the United States
Supreme Court the judgment rendered by
the Court of Appeals will give the whole
case again into the handa of the military
court.
There are between 160,000 and 200,000
children in the Wesleyan day schools in
England.
jjf ; \//fi&ijSs
"Why are Roos Brothers like this boy?"
"Because they are always on top."
There are two kinds of tailors— real tai-
lors ana wood-choppers.
The Cheap tailor knows that "made to
order' covers a multitude of sins. It
makes men imagine their clothes fit them
It provides a new outlet for goods with
■which Cheap John stores are overcrowded
\\ hat we sell you at $7 50 to $15 is rit to
wear.
All-Wool Ulsters, $9.
| ' Black Cheviot Ulsters, $12.
We know how to please mail customers.
■ - -
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for th*»
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and ■
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and bU'l-
der. A great Restorative, invigoratorand Nervine,
Sells on its own Merita— no long-winded te»tl>
monials necessary.
NABKK, AI.FS & BRINE, Acentg,
333 Market St., S. *'.-Q-end for Circular.)
ak j?r«Oibbon»s Dispensary,
W Diseases. Manhood. Debility or
-Jwmsm
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHARLEg h. PHILLIPS, ITTORVkt m
Wrigit's Indian Tesetalile Piils
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona whn
"^ EA E, OIDDIN'KSS, CUXSTIP4
Sfflo^! Ver ' WCftk StOmach PimpleV^J
psSsliilS
With this remedy persons can ran i 1 ,
without the le**t exposure, <• lln ' oi ,\u\ '*
change in application to business 8 Th/j. '!!<•■ or
contains nothing that ia of the leJst , . f ni ' f1 "'""
constitution. A^yourdna^tfoHt/Tri^^REJOICING IN UTAH.
Statehood Welcomed by the
Din of Cannon and
Bells.
SALT LAKE CELEBEATES.
Immense Street Parade Precedes
the Inauguration of
Wells.
ADDREoS OF THE EXECUTIVE.
Wealth and Attractions of the Com
monwealth Portrayed in Elo
quent Words.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Jan. 6.— The people
r.f the new State of Utah observed to-day
as a triumphal holiday In celebration of
the entrance of the Territory upon her
. .ir. cr as the forty -fifth sovereign State > f
the Union. This city, the capital, was
clothed in banting and decorations of great
variety and bear/y.
The day with the boon
cannon and the ringing of joy bulls. Tins
was followed by an immense street parade
of soldiers of the Sixteenth Ui
Infantry, .lina, pi
and i'.wc officials, fraternal societies,
organizations of various kindsand
citizens. The streets w< d by
visitors from all part? of the State, and the
cession culminated at i!ie great
Mormon tabernacle, where the exercises
were held.
Governor Richards, in the ab
sence of Governor West, shortly after
noon called the ' order and
led daring I which in
cluded his sum "c oHice to the
Governor, Heber M.Weils. Wilford
Woodruff, presio it and head of the Mor
mon church, led in prayer, after which the
oatn of office was administered to the new
State olricers by Chief Justice Zane.
tremor Wells, on assuming his office,
delivered an inaugural address, in which
he congratulated the people of Utah on
ihe a.: - ecasion which had called
them together, and expressed the opinion
lited States was to be congratu
ihe State of Utah.
'• L'tah,'' he said, "offers the country as
se f^r statehood the gold and
lead and cot>per and iron of her
the luxurious soil of her val
a matchless, life-saving climate, a
• ,'ublic-schooi system, and
gratitude of a happy, homogeneous,
tple. She offers homes to set
tler?, investments to capitalists, work to
laborer?, health to invalids, attractive
ness to pleasure-seekers and opportunity
to fortune-hunters. Utah to-day stretches
forth her arms and beckons to the densely
...d districts of the East to come out
are her giories."
The Governor enumerated with consid
erable detail the seven previous unsuccess-
ful applications of t lie people of Utah for
admission to the Union of States during
ist forty-live years, and gave short
outlines of the most important features of
the proposed constitutions, referrin g with
approval to the clause in the accepted
titution forbidding polygamy. Said
be:
"The assessed valuation of property in
Utah in 1595 was $97,983,525. The total
I value of the mineral product in
as $8,312,352. Computing the gold
and silver at their mint valuation and
other metals at their value at the seaboard
would increase the value of the mineral
product to $14,519,959. We have 19,516
farms in Utah, and 17.684 of them are ab
solutely free of incumbrance. The total
acreage irrigated is 417,455 acres. The out
put of ranch and range was (1,259,566 in
L 894. The number of our industrial con
; was 880, employing 5054
laborers, paying in wages $2, .75,1 IS, repre
total capital invested of $5,476,
--irnmg oat a product of $6,678,"
11- annually. With s>uch credentials as
. and the great strides that are being
made in the development of Utah's gold
mines, and a thrifty and enlightened pop
ulation (A 247,324. souls, it is no wonder the
admission gates are thrown wide open.
What l"tah now needs most for her contin
xied prosperity is the free coinage of silver,
a railroad to the Pacific and the opening
of the Uintah and Uncoropahgre Indian
reservation
The Governor extended the hand of
greeting to the female voters who were
under the State constitution, ad
-1 to equal suffrage with men.
"We are now endowed with
rnent in State and local affair-. With a
deep sense of gratitude we cherish these
great privileges. Our patriotism must
never falter. Our allegiance to the Na
tional Government will ever remain su
j.reme. Teach our sons and daughters
that patriotic love of country perpetuates
liberty. Through the vicissitudes of time
our strength for good must and will be
felt. If ever clouds of war hover over the
land I" tali's sons will be found in the van
guard delending National rights and honor.
I town the stream of time, through all age«,
may Utah be one of the brightest stars in
irious constellation."
In the evening the city v, as illuminated,
an I a grand baU. attended by the retired
and new State otilcers and tlie elite of the
brought the proceedings to a close.
Legislature met and organized.
yXW FLA.GS OItVERET).
Tiny WUI Contain an Extra Star for
rtali State.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 6.— The
War Department has already taken steps
toward adding another star to the field in
the United States Hag, in recognition of
the admission of Utah into the Union.
As the law provides that stars shall be
added only on Independence day. orders
will be issued by the Secretary of War and
the Secretary of the Navy directing the
addition of the star to tlie flag. In antici-
pation of these Olden the War Depart
ment is having new Hags manufactured,
which are also of the dimensions proposed
by the revised army regulations.
In the navy all that will he done when
the oflicial order is issued will be that the
,ker will bew in a blank space a star,
and whenever the addition is made on
hoard ship there will be a little celehration
in honor of the occasion.
S.ty. MAll.o n:i. t:/'HO.\ E USE.
Wires to Ji« Strung i'"ro»u San Francisco
to I'altt Alto.
REDWOOD CITY, Cat.., Jan. 6.— The
Bourci of Supervisors to-day granted Wal
ter F. Shelley, an electrical expert, a per
mit to erect telephone wirea along tne
main county road from the Six-mile
House, near San Francisco, to the south
ern boundary of San Mateo County at
Palo Alto. This is virtually a franchise.
The Supervisors would have granted Mr.
Shelley a franchise to-day were it not for
the lav,- provides that such a franchise
shall be sold to the highest bidder.
A telephone line will be constructed at
once as a private enterprise by Shelley and
his two associates. Everything is settled
so far as construction is concerned, and a
sufficient mini her of subscribers has al
ready been secured to warrant the under
taking. It will be an all-night service,
with city connections.
NEWS OF SAN JOSE.
Nathan Strickland, a War Veteran, Found
Dead in His Bed— A Corporation to
Deal in Garden Seeds.
SAX JOSE, Cal., Jan. 6.— Nathan
Strickland, an old soldier, was found dead
in his bed in the New York Exchange
Hotel last night About three weeks ago
he secured a pension of $6 per month and
$148 back pay. This so pleased him that
he took to drink, and has been on a de
bauch ever since . He was 66 years of age
and a native of New 1 ork.
The dccc ased had served in Battery I,
Second United States Artillery. An
autopsy showed that death resulted from
heart aisease.
TKAJrTIC IS GARDEX SEEDS.
Of>.jects for Which a Santa Clara Com
pany is Incorporated..
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 6. — Articles incor
porating the C. C. Morse Company were
liled in the County Clerk's ofiice to-day.
The principal place of business is to be
Santa Clara, and the objects of the incor
poration are to extend and carry on the
i. \iving, Belling and growing of garden
The capital stock is placed at
00, divided into 2000 shares, all of
which is fully subscribed.
The following are named as directors:
C. C. Morse, Lester L. Morse, Eva A.
Morse, M. J. V. Morse and B. W. Morse,
all of Santa Clara.
SUES FOR It AM AGES.
Action Brought by a Woman Against a
Streetcar Company.
SAN JOSE, Cm.., Jan. 6. — Roenah
FpraKe to-day began suit in the Superior
Court against the San .lose Railroad Com
pany to recover $10,00*0 damages for in
juries sustained while alighting from one
of the company's streetcars on Delnias
avenue. The complaint recites that the
plaintiff sustained a dislocation of a wrist
and was otherwise braised and mutilated,
and suffered a severe shock to her nervous
system. Negligence on the part of the
motorman is charged. Besides the $10,000
damages, the plaintiff asks for $50 physi
cian fees and the costs of suit-
Piercy Testifies.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 6.— The Pyle-
Piercy $50,000 breach-of-promise suit was
resumed in Judge Reynolds' court this
morning. The defendant, Piercy, was on
the stand all day. His story was mostly a
denial of Miss Pyle's statement.
WORKING FOR STOCKTON
Congress to Be Memorialized
in the Interest of Im-
provements.
Construction of the San Joaquin Val
ley Railroad Depot Will Soon
Be Begun.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 6.— At a meet
ing of the Commercial Association this
evening it was decided to call a mass
meeting to urge the passage of the ap
propriation bills now pending in Congress
for the improvement of the San Joaquin
River and the erection of a Government
building at Stockton.
The association is making good progress
in finishing tip the business in regard to
the Valley Railroad, and it is stated un
officially that Vice-President Watt has
said that as soon as the block is secured
work on the depot will be begun.
An effort will be made to secure some
kind of an agreement by the association
with the Corral Hollow road, by which
gravel may be obtained for the grading of
the county roads, and the association
will, from this time, pay particular at
tention to this feature of internal im
provements.
REPLIES TO THE GOrERXOR.
Ex-Director Shippee Challenges Mr.
Jltidd's Veracity.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. s.— Governor
Budd's anger has been aroused by the
recent strictures of President L. U. Shippee
of the San Joaquin Fair Association on
his course in relation to bookmaking and
poolselling at the late State Fair.
Mr. Shippee is seemingly not perturbed,
and this evening gave a Call correspond
ent the following comments in regard to
the matter under discussion:
"The Governor overlooks the fact that
the pool-sellers collected 5 per cent at the
last fair for commissions, which is nearly
double the percentage ever allowed them
before, at least for ten year 3 or more.
"The board has always questioned the
advisability of allowing bookroaking at the
State fair. If the 5 per cent had been col
lected in 1^94, as >.n 1895, the income to the
society would have been nearly double
what it was.
"The additional three days this year
would have, at ttie old rate, brought the
receipts up to $10,000 without any book
making, and the directors alone are re
sponsible for allowing" the raise from 2%
or 3 per cent to be collected. In regard to
John E. Budd the Governor should recall
that the State board held from eight to
twelve meetings from the time his brother
was appointed until the close of the fair,
and according to the Governor's own claim
his brothel was at only two of the ses
sions.
"I assort that John E. Budd was not at
?. single meeting held during the actual
progress of the fair, nor did he assist in
any of the work of the board. At one of
the two meetings he attended the sale of
the bookmakhiK privilege was let to
George Rose, ar.d lie voted for it.
"The Governor says the association is in
fine condition. The fact is, without State
aid the meeting ironld have run from
$sooo to $10,000 behind.
"In 1894 no gambling was allowed pub
licry in Sacramento or at the fair, but in
1895 the gambling was allowed to run at
will, according to common report.
'•In regard to the Killip pool matter I
Btated that I was opposed to taking per
centage from Killio or any one else, and
thought that the privilege "should, if sold
at all, be for actuai consideration and not
a percentage. Killip sold pools in LBB3
and 1894 at 2)£ to 3 per cent commission,
and this year he was allowed to charge 5
per cent and it came from the pockets of
those attending the fair.
"The insinuation of the Governor that
be dirt not promise ray re-appointment is
nothing less than a falsehood. You do
n. t h;ive to take my word for it, but ask
Hon. John I'">ggs and other members of
the board of directors. Although re
elected president of the local board, I shall
decline to serve. For twenty-three yeara
I have contributed my time and money to
the aid of the State Association, and am
willing to j,;ive the new board a chance to
show its superior ideas of mauagemeut."
THE SAN FRATSCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1896.
SPORT AT TRUCKEE
Visitors Revel in Snow
in the Mountain
Town.
PLEASURES ON THE ICE.
Skating Continues to Occupy the
Attention of Most of the
Guests.
SHOOTING THE TOBOGGAN SLIDE
Overland Tourists Find Time to Test
the Quality of the Exhilarating
Exercise.
PALACE OF THE ICE KING, )
BEGINNING TO FREEZE AGAIN. V
TRUCKEE, Cai., Jan. 6. )
There are more visitors here to-day than
at any previous period of the carnival sea
son, and the town is bustling with gayety
and sport. A big excursion party is com-
A FAMILY SLEIGHING PARTY FROM THE NEVADA DIRECTION.
[Sketched at Truck ee by a "CaU" staff artist.]
ing from Reno, Nev., to-morrow. An un
favorable thaw set in this afternoon, soft
eninc somewhat the surface of the snow
and the ice on the ponds, but the ice castle
did not suffer any.
As soon as the sun had set, however, the
mercury dropped away below the freezing
point again, and to-night the weather is
excellent for the carnival. The skating
floor of the castle was flooded and frozen
anew last night, and that is the center of
On the Ice at Henry's Pond in Truckee.
[From sketches made by a"Call" staff artist.]
attraction in the evening, while in the day
time the ponds are well occupied.
Every overland train that comes through
Truckee stops twenty niintes. and as the
ice palace is close to the railroad, right
opposite from the station, the tourists find
a great attraction here. Some find the
time ample for a test of the toboggan.
There is no doubt that the carnival will
be a success, but this year the hopes of the
projectors are principally in making a sat
isfactory beginning for the years that are
to come. California is to have its ice car
nival in the Sierra region every winter,
the Truckee people say, and on the pat
ronage this season will depend the magni
tude of next year's undertaking. It i 3 the
plan to make Truckee a favorite winter re
sort.
ON ICE AND SNOW.
General Features of Carnival Life at the
Town Near the Sierra
Summit.
TRUCKEE, Cal., Jan. 6.— There are four
great features of winter sport at the ice
carnival to-day, and the entire region about
here are given up to these: Skating, to
bogganing, sleigh-riding and coasting;
and the greatest of these, as judged by the
number of devotees to each, is skating.
The rink floor at the ice palace has been
planed and put in readiness for the skaters,
but the natural skating-ponds have a fas
cination that no artificial contrivance can
overcome. It is not tlie palace oi King
Frost that constitutes the carnival, but
this whole region of ice and snow. The
palace is merely a central feature, the
abiding place of the ruler. The sounds of
the carnival echo from peak to peak
through all this mountain land.
Truckee has three ponds on which the
skating is good. Morrison's pond is about
two miles out of town, toward Dormer
Lake. The area of the skating surface is
twenty-rive acres, but the ice harvesters
are there at work, and, besides, the ice is
rather rough. Parties go there in sleighs
to combine the two sports and to see the
ice-cutting.
Henry's two ponds are right in town.
The largest of these is reserved for adults
and the girls, and the smaller one is given
up to the boys. The ice on the smaller
pond is the best in Trnckee, smooth and
black, and the expert skaters usually join
the boys. It is on the little pond that all
of the reckless and rough skating is done,
and from there the "pullaway" shouts
resound all over the snow-mantled hills.
The visiting Californians seem to go
almost wild over the skating, and in the
clear, cold and raritied air of the high
Sierras, the exercise is a perfect one.
Tobogganing is something like falling
off a house and then shooting right along
for half a mile without getting hurt. There
is a wild, exultant swoop about the start
ing plunge such as the Sierra eagle, darting
upon Tahoe, may understand. The
Truckee deer could hardly keep pace with
the toboggan on the level of the slide, but it
is the preliminary fall through space that
startles and astonishes and delights.
Coasting, or sliding; down hill, is very
different from tobogganing. And most
Americans will agree that, after all, the
Canadian sport is inferior. A toboggan
cannot go wrong; the groove is made for
it; but the master hand of a fearless
navigator is required on the double-ripper.
Many and many a time the coolness,
bravery and dexterity of the American
boy have been the qualities to determine
the fate of a dozen companions, boys and
, girls, at the sharp turn of an icebound
hill when some unexpected obstruction
has taken the path of the tearing sleds,
but not once in ten thousand emercencies
has the youthful steersman wrecked his
crew. Tobogganing has its own peculiar
form of exhiliration, and yrown-up people
take to it more readily, but it certainly
Jacks the spirit of adventure and the re
quirements of intelligence and skill that
make "good sliding" so dear to the boys
and girls of this country.
Truckee has no very long hills for
coasting, and the speediest of the double
rippers are not in use here, but there is
good opportunity for the sport, and
every visitor from Warmer California
should try both of the downerade flights
and make his own comparisons.
As the territory is occupied at present
the toboggans and the sleds cross the
track of each other at right angles, and
unless th« carnival managers make some
new arrangement collisions will be in
evitable. And in a collision the double
ripper ?tands a fair chance with anything
less substantial than a freight-train or a
high stone wall.
The big sleighs and the easily over
turned little cutters and the jingling
bands of bells that the horses wear afford
a pleasure that everybody— men, women
and children — can asree upon and equally
enjoy. Better sleighing could not be de
sired.
"Straw rides" in the big sledges were
always popular and always will be. And
these cold nights, when the moon rises
late, what could be better for a party of
twenty or thirty?
If there is anything better on runners it
is probably the little cutter with barely
room for two.
Dormer Lake is the objective point of
most of the sleighing parties, for nearly
every visitor has read of the romantic lit
tle body of water and the tragic experi
ence of the pioneer band from which the
lake obtained its name. The lake is
only three miles out of town, and the trip
to it is the sleigh-ride provided for rail
road excursionists on the coupon plan.
An eight-mile ride is to Boca, where ice
harvesting is the main attraction.
The ride to Lake Tahoe has not been
opened up since tiie last heavy snowfall,
but it is quite possible to make the trip on
snowshoes.
ONE OF THE COLD WEATHER INDICATIONS IN A TRUCKEE HOTEL OFFICE.
[Sketched by a "Call" staff artist.]
"We find lots of dead men every spring,"
said Editor Calkins of the Truckee Repub
lican, in sneaking of these mountain trips
to-aay. "But the great danger," he
added, "is in a man going alone and with
out snowshoes."
Last winter a man started to co from
Soda Springs to the Summit. He was on
snowshoes, and his dog followed him. On
Frank Meloche, the Hamlet of the
Sierras, and the Yorick Skull From
the Snow.
[Sketched at Truckee by a "Call" staff artist.]
the way to the Summit one of tbe long
snowshoes broke, and the mountaineer
tumbled over a cliff. Two weeks later
Joe Golding, the landlord at the Summit
Hotel, sent two men out in search of the
fellow, who had failed to arrive at the ex
pected time. The doer was found still
alive at an abandoned cabin, and a trail
that it had made led down to the base of
the cliff. A single snowshoe set upright
marked the end of the trail, and there was
found the body of the traveler, who had in
that way erected his own monument. In
the fall over the cliff one leg had been
broken, and unable to get away the man
iiad frozen.
Frank Meloche, the owner of the Main
street cafe, has on exhibition the skull of
a Truckee man who was caught in the
mountains during one of the Sierra storms,
whose Tiolcice and suddenness have not
been exagcerated by Bret Harte. The
man found temporary refuge under the
trunk of a fallen pine, but when he saw
that he could not survive the storm he
Bhot himself.
".Proof!" says Mr. Meloche. "Here's
the skull, anil I knew the fellow well. "
Bat these incidents are not strange where
the Dormer party perished.
The Tahoe road leads through the
wildest and roughest part of the region,
and the possibility of travel over it would
be important at the carnival.
T. E. Nukah.
FRESNO FAIR AWARDS.
Blue Ribbons Given to Successful Exhibi
tors at the Close of the
Exhibition.
FRESNO, Cat-.. Jan. fi.— The Fresno
County Citrus Fair closed to-night, and
the four days and evenings, during which
it has been visited by throngs of people,
many of whom were visitors to the city,
mark one of the most gratifying successes
ever scored by the live citizens of Fresno.
The attendance this evening was by far
the best, and the literary and musical
programme rendered was of unusual
merit. The managers o f the fair had es
pecially desired to have it close in "a
blaze of glory," ana they were successful.
Everybody is enthusiastic over the fair,
and one for next year is now talked of.
With ample time lor preparing exhibits
a much more creditable display can be
made. The next fruit exposition would
be held early in December, two or three
weeks before tiie picking season in South
ern California.
The following were the principal awards
made to-night by a committee consisting
of R. H. McDonald of Porterville, State
Horticultural Commissioner I. H. Thomas
of Visalia and Charles H. Wyer of this
city:
Best general display of fruit grown by ex
nibitor—First diploma, George C. Roeding;
second, John D. Gray.
Best general display exhibited by firm or
organization— First diploma, William G. Ur
idge <fc Co.
Most artistic display by producer— First
diploma, Berry & Wallace; second, Dr. G. A.
II are.
Best general display of budded oranges
grown by producer— First diploma, Crockett
Douglass; second. Mrs. J. W. Ferguson.
Bent general display of seedling oranges,
grown by exhibitor— First diploma, F. 11. Chit
tenden; second, A. B. Butler.
Best display ol lemons— First diploma, Berry
& Wallace; second, George C. Roeding.
Best limes— First diploma, Williams Bros.
Best box of packed oranges ready for ship
ment — First diploma, T. J. Hammond.
Best twelve Washington navel oranges — Dr.
J. W. Baker; second, Mrs. Slossen Viau.
Best twelve Mediterranean sweet oranges—
Fir^t diploma, Mrs. J. W. Ferguson; second,
Crockett Douglass.
Cash prizes offered by the Hundred
Thousand Club were awarded as follows:
Best ana largest exhibit of citrus fruits—Ful
ton G. Berry, $20; second best, Crockett Doug
lass, $10.
Most artistic exhibit— G. 9. Roeding, $12 50;
second best, John 1). Gray, $7 50.
The committee on these awards were :
Lewis Leach, Mark Webster and Chester
Rowell.
The "Era of the Olympiads," or the
"Olympian Era," began July 1, B. C. 776.
An "Olympiad was a period of four years,
the games being celebrated every fourth
year.
SACRAMENTO'S CHIEF
Mr. Hubbard Outlines His
Policy to the City
Trustees.
ECONOMY IS FAVORED.
Needed Improvements Will Not,
However, Be Checked Dur
ing His Regime.
DESIRES HARMONIOUS ACTION.
He Does Not Believe That the Board
Should Interfere With His
Appointments.
SACRMI'.XTO, Cal., Jan. 6. — Sacra
mento's newly elected Mayor, C. H. Hub
bnrd, assumed the duties of His office at
8:30 o'clock this morning, and at the meet
ing of the City Board of Trustees this
evening he delivered the followine address,
outlining his idea of the policy to be pur
sued during his administration:
We have been selected by the citizens of >nc
ramento to attend to their interests for the
ensuing two years. You are expected to legis
late and pass such ordinances and mate such
rules and regulations as, in your judgment,
will be conducive to the comfort, protection
and safety of all within our city's limits: while
it is my duty to ccc that the ordinances, rules
and regulations which you may see fit to enact,
ami which have been heretofore enacted, and
not repealed, are enforced.
Some of you, for the past two years, have
had experience in public affairs. Several of
us, who were but recently elected, are inex
perienced in the work upon which we are to
engage, and we shall look to the old member?
of the board to guide us in many matters. We
have to work under what la known «s the new
charter, under which our municipal govern
ment has been regulated during the past two
years. In tbU charter it is conceded that there
are many defects, and, by reason of these de
fects, discoTerod subsequently to the enact
ment of the charter, in many instances the
spirit of the charter has been lost or miscon
strued; still, it is the law under which we
must work, nnd must be the guide of our offi
cial acts. Undoubtedly, occasions will arise
when we shall disagree as to the meaning of
our charter, but if such disagreements should
occur, we ought amicably to discuss the dis
puted portions, and endeavor, if possible, to
agree upon a correct interpretation of the in
strument. If we have but the common inter
est at heart, ana desire only that which will
benefit our people and carry into effect the in
tent of the framers of the charter, we ought to
be able rep.dily to reconcile any differences
that might exist between us, in relation to any
disputed portions of our organic law.
It is my earnest hope and wish that wo shall
work in harmony during the two years we
shall serve together. Forgetting all past differ
ences, we should have but one aim in view —
that of doing at all times what we believe to be
for the best interests of all the people of our
city.
We must carefully gutird against the useless
expenditure of the public money, ami en
deavor, as economically as is consistent with
good government, to regulate our expendi
tures. Wo must recognize that In tirm -
as these the burden of taxeticn falls heavily
upon ell our citizens, and that it has been ditii
cult for many of them to contribute their quota
for the expenses of our government. While it
is essential that we should be economical with
the public funds, yet I believe it to be neces
fary for the progress of the city that our im
provement of streets, sidewalks, sewers, etc.,
should be pressed with all convenient dis
patch. Of course, in particular cases, circum
stances may arise when it would be unwise to
insist upon immediate improvement; but, un
less unforeseen obstacles should occur, I think
these improvements should be vigorously
pushed.
There arc several important matters that
must ultimately be considered, such as a new
or improved sewerage system, a new city hall
and a clear water supply. But until the
bonded indebtedness o f the city is paid I do
not think the citizens generally would approve
of any action in this direction.
One of the most important things with which
our city has to deal is its bonded indebtedness.
While our debt is supposed to be very large,
such is in reality not the case. On the con
trary, our iinancial condition is good, and
under the present arrangements (which can
not be changed) we are paying off this debt
very rapidly— so rapidly, in fact, that it is a
great burden to our taxpayers. This, however,
owing to existing circumstances, cannot be
avoided. There is, though, one great satisfac
tion arising out of the arrangement with the
holders of bonds against our city, and that is
that with three more assessments at the pres
ent rates of taxation we will pay off the entire
debt, and our city will then he in a better finan
cial condition than any other city in the
The tax levy made last August, which is to
cover our expenditures for this year, was made
at the very lowest limit, and upon investiga
tion you will observe that each department oi
our city government must be conducted with
great economy, in order to keep within the
amount allotted to it.
In selecting persons to manage the different
departments of the city government, I shall
endeavor to nominate those who I have reason
to believe will meet with your hearty approval.
I shall be guided in these appointments by the
recognized ability and fitnes3 of the person for
the office to which he may be appointed, and
by what, in my judgment, is for the best Inter
ests of the public. No other consideration
than the public welfare find the desire on my
part to obtain for the city the best and most
capable public officials will weigh with me in
choosing these appointees whom it is my duty
under the darter to select. Guided by this
rule I am certain that those whom I name will
meet with the approval of the citizens gen
erally.
I do not think it was the spirit or intent of
the new charter that the Mayor should be
hampered or dictated to in any matter in re
gard to his appointments. These persons are
his personal staff of assistants, to aid him in
carrying out the law and such ordinances as
you may enact, and unless the persons so ap
pointed are without the requisite qualifica
tions, or lack the necessary ability, or are not
honorable and respectable citizens, I do not
think your board i 9 justified in refusing to
confirm them.
||\Veare now organized for our work, and I
trust, through the kindness of Providence,
that we shall all be spared to serve our terms
of office and that the two years we shall act
together as officers of the city will be a pleas
ure to us all, and that the citizens, whom we
represent, will be able to say at the expiration
of our terms of office that we have not be
trayed the trust and confidence which they
reposed in v«. C. H. Hvbbakd. Mayor.
TREAS VR F BFA TEN EXT.
Report of Receipts and Disbursements for
December.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 6. — The
statement of receipts and payments of the
£tate treasury for the month of December,
1895, carefully prepared by Deputy State
Treasurer F. W. Judson, shows numerous
facts of general interest.
Tne first installment of State taxes for
1895, which was payable in December, was
received from fifty-three counties, only
four counties failing to make their settle
ment and being theiefore declaied delin
quent. The second installment is payable
between the 15th and 30lh of May, 1896.
The total receipts from the counties last
month amounted to $6,226,785 40. This
urn, added to receipts from other sources
during trie month and the balanco of casu
on hand brought forward from November,
giv:-s a grand total of treasury receipts for
December ol" $7,107,896 7 s . The payments
for the same month were on State war
rants $1.0H7,920 30; on transfer pay
ment $4631, making tho grand total of
December payments $1,042,551 30. The
balance of cash in tho Btate Treasury on
January 1, 1896, wa5 58,065,406 48.
The first installment of taxes for 189.".
paid last month by the County of San
Francisco made tho very appreciable sum
of $1,553,283 21. Of this amount $983,372 55
went into the State general fund. -
345 01 went to swell tho State school fund
and $51,565 0,3 was distributed to various
other funds. Alameda County paid the
second highest amount, $456,176 30, and
Los Angeles is third on the list with ■ pay
ment of $370,268 lit. Santa Clara County is
fourth from the head of the list with $263,
--872 15, followed by Sacramento with $10'-,
om 2L
December was the heaviest business
month of iso,"i for the State treasury, the
Official force having been kept busy night
and day working on the tax installments
and heavy presentation ol warrants. The
report shows, for instance, that nearly
$700,000 was paid out of the general fund
on warrants which had been held. •
to the exhaustion of tne general fu.id,
since last July. .Nearly all such warrants
were paid during the closing week of De
cember. Since the new year opened the
State Treasurer has i>akt about $400,000
more on account of warrants similarly pre
sented.
The office force at the State treas
small for the amount of work required,
and State Treasurer Rackln'fe ha
prevented for weeks past, by real
illness, from attending to official business.
Mr. Judson, however, Ims been a worthy
lieutenant, and has allowed nr. part of the
Btate treasury business to fail behind.
When, it is knowo that over 11,000,000 was
paid out in warrants between December 15
and January t it may bo judged t:;at
is plentiful'm the ollice of the custodian
of the State's money.
vi w i i > kx's w wj noy.
Attention of the OuriOMM 7>rm«u to tlie
(Juinn Uirorce 4 its'.
SANTA BARBARA, (\i.., Jan. «.—
About sixty witnesses and (nany more
spectators are down from Santa Ynr-z in
attendance upon the divorce case ol Quinn
\.~. Quinn, which will be succeded by th.
cause ol Quinn ts. Brown, in which Quinn
sues J. Brown, a Santa Ynez man. for $I.V
UOO for alienating his wife's alTo.
Brown is a salcon-keeper who ha
been tried for selling li«iuor to Indians,
both trials resulting in failure.-, to conrict,
while costing the county many thout
of dollars.
At the opening of the Quinn case to-day
a jury trial was demanded, hut when the
jury was drawn the o>!irt l>.-;ir'icd that
neither party bad sufficient funds to pay
the jury and that body was consequently
discharged.
oueoos Mixrns one. am/ i .
They mil Work to Secure Protective
legislation.
GRANTS PASS, Or., Jan. 6.— ln answer
to a call sent out ten days ago forty repre
sentatives of the leading mining com
panies of Jackson, Josephine and o;her
counties assembled here to-day and
effected a permanent organization of the
Southern Orecon Miners' Association.
Officers were elected and future meetings
arranged for. The object is to secure
better legislation for the protection of
mining lands and property j the discussion
of improved mining methods ; protection
of mutual interests, and a diffusion of
knowledge of interest to miners generally.
NEW TO-DAT.
Will It Cure?
■
This Question Occurs to
People Who Are Not
Certain as to the Power
of Dr. Sanden's Elec-
tric Belt. Read the Evi-
dence Following: and
Be Satisfied.
\S*Jj' *Dr Sanoens Wsrl]
,Tnrn a small screw .Sig^- ' $5000 will be paf/fc
to right or I*>rt and C**^—. or v" r Sanden»
you can make the ZZss''XL Electric Belt'
current stronger or ' -iLf.i-JiVc which will not>
milder at your Ss^^Cl^ give a stronc cur-
pleasure. • 'VValVv** rent of electricity
when charged a"»
directed.
These Men Are Cured
And You Can Find Them All at
the Addresses Given, Glad to
Certify to the Power of Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt.
NERVOUS DEBILITY— "In four months yourl
wonderful Belt has cured me of Nervous*
Debility."— L. C. MIX YARD, Napa, Cal.
VARICOCELE— "Your strong Belt has cure*'
me of Varicocele and weakness of 20 years'
standing."— L. L. JACCARD, Jeweler, Saa
Leandro, Cal.
IMPOTENCY— "PubIish to the world the fact
that I am cured of nervousness, night losses*
impotcncy and lame back by your Belt, and
I am now able to do as much work as any
two men."— J. A. SXYDER, Coeur d'Alene,
Idaho. ■
PARALYSIS— "Your Belt has almost com-
pletely restored my health after suffering
tor t> yesrs from partial paralysis."— JOHN
CURRAN, 1419 Folsom street, San Fran-
Cisco.
NERVOUS DEBILITY— "Your Belt has cured
me of Nervous Debility in three months,
after barrels of medicine had failed." — WIL-
LIAM DAWSON, 1422 Sutter street, Saa
Francisco.
LAME BACK— "I would not take $100 for the
Belt I got of you six weeks aga."— CAPTAIN
HENRY BECK, 240 Montgomery street,
San Francisco. ■■■: : s • \i-rj.
NERVOUS DEBILITY-" Belt has cured
me of Nervous Debility tnat was so bad I
could not ivaIk."— THOMAS RAY, Ameri-
can Exchange Hotel, San Francisco.
ASK YOURSELF.
Ask yourself the question, "Is It not strong
proof?" It is, but it is not half as strong as
can be seen in Dr. Sanden's office. Letters from
prominent merchants, lawyers, and even doc-
tors, who have acknowledged thi3 wonderfui
Belt more effective than medicine.
You have everything to gain by discarding
drugs and trying this Belt. A three months'
doctor bill will buy the best Belt. Get the.
book, "Three Classes of Men," free, with price-
list and full information.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO..
632 Market Street, San Francisco, ,
Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco. Office
hours, 8 to 6; evenings, 7 to 8:30; Sundays*
lOto 1. ....■-■-..■ -4
paiU&zul (Oregon) office. 255 Washington «t-
MAYFVTA T'Alii! promptly, with
TlWiiri I I U I mil 11 liberal advances upon
IIIVHIJI I V UVmi lipl roved Real Estate
and improvements, for repayment in a DEFI M i h
Nl'MllKK of monthly installments, to suit bor-
rower. ApplvtotheCALJFOKNlA GUARANTEE
i INVESTMENT CO., 3'JB Montgomery St., S. F.
34
WAR AT THE CAPITAL
Governor Budd Angered by
the Profligacy of an
Official.
RAYMOND AT FAULT.
Thousands Spent in Revising a
Single Text-Book for
the Schools.
NOW DECLARED WORTHLESS.
Three Expensive Employes of the
State Who Labored for
Months in Vain.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. B.— At the
meeting of the State Board of Public In
struction, held in the Capitol building this
afternoon, the subject of the cost of State
text-books was introduced, and before
the session adjourned \Y. H. V.
Raymond, who is dubbed "school
book editor" and draws $250 a montn from
the State, had it vividly impressed upon
his mind by Governor Budd that in the
future he would be required to further the
work of compiling at more speed, as when
the fund for that purpose was exhausted
no deficiency would be allowed to be
created.
"Rush the work along," said Mr. Budd,
for when the money is gone you will strike
a snag.'
"No I won't," retorted Raymond, "for
I'll sail right to the mouth of the stream."
The lirst text-book to be considered .ras
the new English grammer, the compiling
of which ha? occupied the attention of Mr.
Raymond and his two assistant*, Miss
George and Miss Murphy, for upward of a
year.
I'rofessor Lange of the State University,
to whom the work had been referred for
criticism, gave it a thorough going over
that was by no means creditable to Mr.
Raymond.
The work in its present condition was
unlit for publication, he declared. Simple
problems were thrown into prominence
and difficult ones were obscure. It was
not strong in any particular, and if it pos
sessed a system he failed to discover it.
If the questions were grouped according
to the arrangements of the text it would
result in mental chaos. Errors were preva
lent, in interpretation and classification
and distinctions of gender were excluded.
These errors ran through the entire work,
which in places would have to "be entirely
rewritten.
Professor Pennell of Chico said that he
had placed the work with an authority and
the verdict was: "Too bulky; it begins
nowhere and ends in the same place."
"Then it is in such shape,'' interrupted
Governor Budd, "♦hat another appropria
tion will be required to revise it."
"Well," rejoined the professor, "the
work impresses me as having been con
structed with the idea that teachers were
ignorant of grammar altogether."
"Mr. Raymond," questioned the Gover
nor, "is this book in type?"
"No: the proof waa taken and the type
distributed."
•What!" thundered theexecutive, "Has
oil this to be set up again?"
'That's the rule," answered Raymond.
After discussing the length of time
which had been consumed in compiling
the work by Raymond and his assistants,
Governor Budd said:
"The work of your assistants for eighteen
months at a joint anlary of $300 amounts
to $5400; your own time for six months at
$200 amounts to $1500, a total of $6900. Do
you mean to say that it cost nearly $7000
to get up that almost useless proof and
that it will take two months longer to re
vise it?"
"Yes, sir,' replied Raymond.
Then the Governor sank bacK in his
chair and used his handkerchief vigor
ously.
At this moment one of the board asked
Professor Lange if he considered that
those who had compiled the work were ca
pable enough to revise it. For a moment
he refused to answer, and then he slowly
said:
"I don't consider the question fair."
The Governor coincided and the matter
was dropped.
Professor Pierce said that the grammar
in use was radicaily wrong, and the rest
all agreed. Then Governor Budd gave
Mr. Raymond a specimen of his official
cross-questioning which so many occu
pants of public offices throughout the
State who have been thought derelict in
their duties have sampled in the past.
"Mr. Raymond, did you write the man
uscript of this gramma'?"
"I wrote a littie of it— a very little— but
I furnished lot of material."
"Clipped?" laconically asked the execu
tive.
"Clipped some; not much."
"Then you took the easy part and let the
ladies rustle with the other. Now, I want
to call your attention to the fact that the
act of the Legislature provided for the re
vision of these schoolbooks, and you have
taken it upon yourself to say what the
word 'revise' means."
"Well, among publishing houses it has
always been defined."
"Never mind the publishers; get the
dictionary."
Then the word was sought out and the
definition read. The act of the Legislature
was then read, and it was found that ihe
history waa to be compiled and the other
books revised.
This provoked a discussion that at times
verged into warmness. Several of the
members of the board said that they
deemed an entirely new book necessary.
"It makes no difference what we think.
We must be governed by the law; we can
not govern the law," said the Governor.
"The Legislature ordered a revision,
and that does not mean to compile.
Mr. Raymond, at great expense to this
State, has done what the Legislature
plainly said shall not be done. All the
expensive plates on hand that couid have
been used are wasted, and this is what has
brought the printing of textbooks by the
State into disrepute.
"My attention was called to this matter
by State Printer Johnson, who, hearing
that this matter was coming before ths
board, thought lie would be blamed. I
have never thought Johnson was to blame
in this matter. The blame lies elsewhere,
and " the Governor cast an expressive
glance toward Raymond.
Secretary of State Brown introduced a
statement giving a full history of the print
ing of textbooks by the State and the
tabulated cost. The readers and uncom
pleted grammar had cost $13,883 06 in the
compiling.
In conclusion, his report says there will
be a total loss on the 10i!,475 books on
hand July 1. when M>ld of $4370, but when
the number to be printed and sold reaches
the estimate made by the Board the .State
would be reimbursed, if the surplus was
not used in revisions. The process will
consume at least ten years.
At the conclusion of the report, which
was statistical and lengthy, it was moved
that the matter of textbooks be referred to
Superintendent Black, he to associate with
him Secretary of State Brown and the
State Printer.
It was agreed that further correction of
the grammar be in the line of revision of
the old one, and that the same committee
appointed for a critical examination of the
grammar be authorized to provide expert
assistance needed by the regular editors
in the completion of the work.
MEDLAXnS' ALLEUEii FORGER.
If. S. Jlmllrff to II- Tried in a San Hcriiar-
ditto (<mvt.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Jan. 6.— The
case of W. S. Hadley, the alleged forger,
comes up in the Superior Court Thursday.,
and sensational developments are looked
for. Hadley is to be tried for passing a
bogus dmtt for |tj4s on the Hillsdale .Bank
of Michigan, lie cashed the draft at the
First National Bank of Redlands.
A hard right is to be made to save Had
ley from State's prison, as friends in Mich
igan have interested themselves In his be
half and employed able counsel. Hadley's
defence will be that he got the draft from
Joseph Brown who formerly lived at Hills
dale, and whom he met in Los Angeles a
a itw days prior to the cashing of the
draft.
EUREKA-ARCATA RAILWAY
All Needed Rights of Way for
the Branch Line Have Been
Secured.
A Crew of One Hundred Men Now j
Engaged in Throwing Up a
Grade.
EUREKA, Cal., Jan. G.— Right of vrays |
have now been secured for the Vance
Brothers' railroad, which, except for a \
short stretch of water, will connect Eu- !
reka by rail with Arcata. A crew of about
100 men is now busily engaged breaking •
ground on the Aicata end of the road.
This road is an extension of the Hum
boldt Bay and Trinidad Logging Kailroad, ;
better known as the Vance road, which at
present follows the course of Mai River
from a point opposite Arcata to the Vance
Company's logging woods, about ten miles
up the river. The extension will cross
Mad River near the county bridge, tap the
rich. lands of Arcata bottom, and, follow
ing the bay along the peninsula for six
miles, terminates at oamoa, directly oppo
site Eureka. A ferry will connect Samoa
with Eureka.
Samoa, where the road will end, is on
the main channel of the bay, where thirty
feet of water is obtainable at low tide, anil
is the natural shipping-point on Humboldt
Bay should a transcontinental railroad
connection ever be secured. Later on a
branch of their road will be extended to
Trinidad to tap the rich northern timber
belt.
The purposes of this road are to open
up the rich timber belt of Dalboer and
Carson on Mad River, adjoining VanceV,
and to dispute the passenger and freight
traffic with the Korbel Bros.' Arcata and
Mad River Railroad, which has heretofore
enjoyed a monopoly of the trade between
Eureka and Aicata. The new road will
be completed by April.
STAFFORD'S DO O IIS REOPEyED.
lieginning of the Second Semester's Work
of the College Jear.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cat,., Jan.
6. — Stanford Dniveisity io-day opened its
doors for the second semester's work of
this college year. The old students are
nearly all back for registration, and in ad
dition there are numbers of new students
who desire to enter at present instead of
waiting until next September.
Registration day is an unusually busy
day at the university. Students "before
they may register must see their major
professor and get his advice on and con
sent to the studies they may wish to take
up for the ensuing semester. Every pro
fessor, therefore, especially heads of de
partments, is besieged from morning till
night by students. Dr. Elliott, the regis
trar, is another man who is overwhelmed
at these times. Questions of all sorts and
sizes pour in upon him, and he is expected
to answer them all offhand. The registra
tion will be very heavy this term and will
certainly reach 1100.
TißUJtoy isLAxn CAyyißAzs.
Professor Slctiee Returns From His
Searching Expedition.
NOGALEZ, Ariz., Jan. 6.— Professor J.
W. McGee, the ethnologist in charge of the
Smithsonian Institution expedition, passed
Nogaies to-day on his way hack from
Tiburon Island, whither he went to search
for curios and study the habits of the
cannibal Indians. "He brought many
curios, but saw only one Indian to speak
to. All the others ran away when the
party came in sight. NcGefl had eight
men in his party.
But few white men who ever visited the
island have got away alive. R. E. L. Rob
inson, who made the last attempt to pen
etrate the island, was killed and eaten,
and his two companions barely escaped.
CAPTURED AT SPOKAyE.
A Chicago Defaulter Enticed, Across the
Canadian JAnr.
SPOKANE, vYash., Jan. 6.— R. ,T. Bur
ton, defaulting cashier of Swift & Co. of
Chicago, was captured in this city to-day.
Burton created a sensation in this city
two months ago by suddenly disappearing
from the Hotel Spokane, leaving all his
effects behind. It was generally believed
that lie had met with foul play.' Later it
was discovered that he was a fugitive from
justice and had gone to Rossland, B. C.
He was enticed across the lino to-day,
when detectives nabbed him. He will be
returned to Chicago as soon as extradition
papers arrive.
SAXTA JtA.lt It Hi A JtOVXTT.
Howard Offered for Squirrel and Gopher
Scalps.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 6.— The
County Board of Supervisors to-day re
stored the bounty on gopher and Bqairnl
scalps, amounting to 2 cents a head.
While this is apparently a trifling matter,
it aggregates annually a sum running into
thousands of dollars. On the other hand,
as the bounty goes into the pockets of
farmers' boys, it may be regarded as a
wise return to deservine persons of funds
raised by taxation. There will be great
rejoicing throughout the rural districts.
Santa Uarbarn Jeweler Attached.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. G.-M.
E. Campbell, a local jeweler, has been at
tached by Piielps A: Miller of San Fran
cisco for the num of $5l)0. Campbell trans
ferred his interest some time ago to a sis
ter in Chicago, and a brother of hers is
here in charge. Persons claiming to know
say that tbe sale to Campbell's sister was
not bona tide. M. E. Campbell came here
two months ago from Petaluma, where he
claimed to have carried on a large busi
ness.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1896.
SWEETWATER IS DRY.
Water Shut Off by the San
Diego Land and Town
Company.
ORCHARDS WILL SUFFER
The Move Made to Compel the
Payment of Increased
Rates.
PLIGHT OF NATIONAL CITY.
Inhabitants Must Draw Their Supply
From a Few Scattered
Wells.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6.— The San
Diego Land and Town Company, owner of
the great Sweetwater irrigation system,
took heroic methods to-day to secure the
payment of its new irrigation rate of $7
per acre a year.
Suit was begun in the United States Cir
cuit Court at Los Angeles by Charles D.
Lanning, receiver, against all consumers
outside of the town of National City who
have not accepted the new rate, praying
the court for a decree that the rate of $7 is
reasonable, and that the company has au
thority to impose the rate, and also pray
ing for an injunction restraining the con
sumers from beginning suit in the State
courts to contest the charge.
To back up this suit and to bring con
sumers to a realizing sense of their con
dition, the company this morning shut the
water off at Sweetwater dam, leaving 4000
acres of cultivated land, most of it in
lemon and orange orchards, without a
drop of water. The town of National City
is included in the system, and its inhabi
tants are without water, except such as
may be found in weJls here and there.
The move came as a complete surprise
to all, as no one was prepared to believe
that the company would go to such an
extreme measure. Last summer, when
the new rate was to so into effect, the peo
ple of Chula Vista, which is the most thick
ly settled commuuity in the system, got
together and refused to pay the rate,
threatening to incorporate into a munici
pality and thereby gain the right, through
the board of trustees, to impose the town
rates. The company agreed to postpone
the time for fixing the new rates until
January 1, and this was done.
In the meantime measures had been
taken on each side for protection, the con
sumers having employed attorneys to ad
vise them. The latter advised that con
sumers refuse to pay the new rate, but to
offer the old rate of $3 50. The company
has refused to accept the old rate and the
suit and the shutting off of the water is
the result.
It is not piobable that the flow will be
withheld for any length of time, as the
company has 150 acres of orchp.rd itself in
the prescribed territory, and arrangements
will no doubt be made to patch up the
difficulty temporarily. At this season the
trees will not suffer greatiy, even if the
shut-off continues for some time.
The company in this complaint alleges
that the total sum expended on the sys
tem to date is $1,022,473 5-1, and values it
at $1,100,000. The annual expense of
operating and paying the interest on
bonds is $33,034 S*».
It alleges that it received $25,715 last
year, and adds that, to yield 6 par cent on
its investment, it should receive $119,
--7S»I 60", which cannot be collected while
the rates are only $3 50 per acre per year.
It alleges that the rate of $7 is reasonable
and il;at it has the right to impose it.
The consumers are indignant at the
course of the company and express them
selves as confident that they will beat it in
court. They point out that the company
has no right to fix rates, and that*where
the Supervisors have failed to lix rates, as
in the present case, the rates lirst fixed by
the company shall govern.
They allege that purchase of water
rights released them from paying interest
on bonds, which the company alleges is
part of its expenses, and they claim that
to extort interest on bonds from owners of
water rights, is to really sell the system
twice over. A mass-meeting is to be held
at Cbula Vista this week, and it is prob
able that a spirited fi-ht will result.
ELECTRICITY FOR FRESNO.
Enormous Plant on the North
Fork of the San Joaquin
Nearly Up.
Current to Be Transmitted Over a
Distance of Thirty-Five Miles
to the County Seat.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 6.— Work on the
enormous electric plant on the North Fork
of the San Joaquin River, from which
power will be transmitted over a distance
of thirty-five miles to this city, is progress
ing rapidly and it is expected that a cur
rent will be turned on within six weeks.
The power-house at the river is nearly
completed, and poles are being set up
toward this city at the rate of a mile a
day. Work has already been commenced
on the sub-station in this city.
The people of Reeiley and Sanger, in
the southeastern part of the county, feel
confident that they soon will have cheap
electricity for light and power. They do
not expect it by the time Fresno receives
its installation, but look for it within a few
months.
It is said that a company of Eastern
capitalists--, with them Jesse Grant of San
Diego, son of General Grant, has made
surveys and is now securing rights of way
for a canal, four miles in length, to carry
water from the mouth of Mill' Creek to the
"Cobble House."
At this point a power-house will be
erected. It will generate 4000 horsepower.
The fall will be forty-live feet.
Foreclosure Suit at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 6.— A complaint
filed to-day in the Federal court gives
notice that the Farmers' Loan and Trust
Company of New York has commenced
foreclosure proceedings against the Oregon
Improvement Company to recover interest
due on the consolidated mortgage. It has
been about ninety days since the company
defaulted in the payment of interest,
local railroad men believe the proposed
loreclosure is merely a reorganization
movement of the bondholders.
for a Su mine rlu nd Wharf.
SANIA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 6.—
There is great rejoicing among Summer
land oil men for the Supervisors to-day
>rranted a franchise to the Summerland
\\ harf Company, a local organization,
which will at once procted to construct a
whan 600 feet long, so that oil lrom this
productive district can thenceforth be
shipped independent of railroad service.
B ALEX ASTJjC-M SUICIDE.
An Aged Inmate Flunaet From a Third-
Story Window.
SALEM, Ob., Jan. 6.— Esop Fox, an in
mate of the State insane asylum, com
mitted suicide by jumping from the third
story of the main building. The fall broke
his neck.
Fox was 95 years old, and was committad
from Jackson County in 18<J4. This ia the
third case of self-destruction at the asylum
farm within three months. The careless
ness of an attendant made Fox's act pos
sible.
XOCKFORD'S TRAGEVX.
frmnk Dtnixin Shoots and Kills His
Unfaithful Wife.
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 6.— Frank Deni
son of Kockford returned home unexpect
edly last night and found his wife and
Patrick Hickey together. Denison emptied
botli barrels of a shotgun into his wife,
killing her. Before he could reload to kill
Hickey the latter escaped. Denison was
arrested while in pursuit of Hickey. Den
ison and Hickey are leading business men
of Rockford.
OVERDUE AT PORTLAyit.
The China Line Steamer Rhoaina Aot Tet
Slfihted.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 6.— Anxiety is
felt in shipping circles for the Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Company's Portland-
China line steamer Rhosina. The vessel
is now ten days overdue. It is thought
she has been delayed by the stormy weather
which prevails 'in the North Pacific, or
that she has fallen in with some vessel in
distress.
SONOMA COUNTY HEIRS
Twenty Relatives of the .Late
Hollis Hitchcock Enriched
by His Death.
Others Against Whom He Had a Griev-
ance Cut Off With Small
Sums Each.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 6.— Hollis
Hitchcock, the late deceased millionaire,
has acted generously toward most of his re
lative?. His will has not been filed yet, but
is expected here by to-morrow. From one
of the witnesses to the will it ha? been
ascertained that he directed that his es
tate, outside of a few specially named be
quests, be equally divided among twenty
of his relatives, share and share alike.
To H. M. Le Baron, his nephew and
business agent, he left, in audition to the
regular pro rata, a sum of $20,000. He
seemed to have had a grievance asrainst a
few of his relatives, as he left them but
$100 each. To the Bodega Road District
he bequeathed $20,000. This latter eift is
to be placed in the hands of three men,
who will superintend the expending of
it; $2000 with the accumulated interest
will be spent each year until the whole
sum is used up.
Just what the estate will be worth is not
known. At one time it was worth a full
million of dollars. Land, which forms the
major portion of the dead man's wealth,
has depreciated of late years, and proba
bly |800,000 would come nearer the mark.
This would give each of the twenty heirs
about $40,000.
The executors are George McNear of
Petaluma, 11. M. Le Baron of Valley Ford
and H. E. Lawrence of Petaluma.
FAKMEItS ARE JVBILAST.
smissal of a Case Involving Many
Land Titles.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 6.— Judge
Dougherty to-day struck from the calen
dar the case of William Fitch against
Matilda Archambeau. Fitch's case, if
successful, would have dispossessed a large
number of landholders in Dry Creek Val
ley of valuable lands. The* reason for
dismissing was that a year had elapsed
since the oommencementof the action and
no summons had been issued or sent to
the numerous defendants.
The action of the Judg« relieves a large
burden of uneasiness from scores of farm
ers who, while not thinking that Fife i
would triumph, were handicapped in sell
ing property by the shadow that rested on
their property."
SAJfIA AX A COURSING MEJST,
Several Exciting Coittegtg, and the Meet
Mint Satisfactory liver Held.
SANTA ANA, Cal., Jan. 6.— Thirty-six
members of the Los Angeles Coursinc
Club contested with eiphte n greyhounds
on Aiimitos Plains, northwest of this city,
yesterday, for two silver cups, presented to
the club by Mart Murphy.
The cups cost $56 and $37, and go to first
end second best dogs. The officers of the
day were: B. J. Hall, judge; William
Cota and Tom Rice, slippers; W. T. Bar
ber Jr., clerk of course; Luke D. Cahill,
field btewurd; Henry Preston, flag stew
ard.
First course winners were: Frank Bing
ham's Ponto, W. Michelson's Fleeter,
Frank liingham's Wallace, J. Relihan's
Corbett, William Cota's Trilby, Dave Ca
hill's Rory O'Moore, Tom Rice's Tom,
Tim Hartnett's Sport, P. Parrell's Gypsy,
Albert Devey's Soonerd.
First ties— Fleeter beat Ponto, Wallace
won over Corbett, Trilby defeated Rory
O'Moore and Rice's Tom lost to Sport by
breaking away from slipper.
The race between Gypsy and Soonerd
was postponed nnd will be ruu next Sun
day at Long Beach, when Fleeter and
Wallace and Trilby and Sport will run oft
the second tie.
The meet was pronounced most satisfac
tory, and Judge B. J. Hall was highly
praised for his impartial decisions.
2. 0S AXOELES Oil* JEXCHAXOE.
A. Vigoroua System of Retrenchment
Adopted and Methods Changed.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. The Oil
Exchange is adopting a system of vigorous
retrenchment. •
All outside agencies except the one at
San Francisco, probably, will be aban
doned. Traveling agents will not be em
ployed, but circulars and letters will be
relied on instead.
The exchange is shipping oil to a con
siderable extent for private parties, and
the small charge made for this covers the
salary of the shipping agent.
Along with this reduction of expenses
comes a new system of payment to de
positors of oil. Transferrabie certificates
will be issued very shortly, and about
February 15 a pro rata payment will be
The exchange now has on hand, in cash
and securities, about $3000, and lias lia
bilities of $1700.
With v good start, reduced expenses, a
squared-up account and a possible with
drawal of disgruntled members, the ex
change may hope for a new season of
prosperity beginning with t is year.
Prtalunia's Egg Crop.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. 6.— lt is esti
mated thut by the members of the Poul
trymen's Association alone a half million
dozen of eggs will be marketed in this vi
cinity daring the year.
LOS ANGELES REFORM
Improper Pictures Must Be
Excluded From Bill-
Boards.
LAW ON THE SUBJECT.
The City Attorney Instructed to
Draw Up a Stringent
Ordinance.
STATE PRISON INNOVATION.
Hardened Criminals to Be Separated
From the "First Offense"
Class.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. G. — The
"loud" chromo-lithojrraphic pictorial ad
vertisements which have been very much
in evidence of late on the bill boards about
town, have caused a burning sensation in
Councilman Kingery's eyes. That is what
the gentleman from the Fourth Warn in
formed the council this morning. He ob
jected especially to those advertisements
in which the words "kick for it" appeared.
Mr. Kineery said it was no credit to the
city to permit this kind of advertising to
be posted. The pictures, he said, were
frequently obscene and not fit for any boy
or Kirl to see. On motion of Mr. Kingery
the City Attorney was directed to draft an
ordinance prohibiting the posting of im
proper advertisements on the billboards of
Los Angeles.
EJECTED FROM A TJtAiy.
A Xeto iorJe Commercial Traveler Will
Sue the Southern l'tteiflc.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 6.— E. R.
Cowles, who is traveling for the wholesale
clothing firm of 8. M. Boudy & Co. of New
York, is a very indignant man and feels
that his feeling and his business hare
both been very much hurt by the Southern
Pacific Company in the person of its
trainmen.
Mr. Cowles left Chicago some time ago
for California, having purchased, accord
ing to his own statement, a round-trip
ticket via the Burlington and Rio Grande
roads at the ticket-office of the Burlington
route in Chicago. The ticket was good
for two months going and seven months
returning and cost $110.
In due course of time Mr. Cowles reached
Los Angeles and registered at the Nadeau
Hotel last Friday morning as "E. R.
Cowles, New York."
Yesterday Mr. Cowles bade good-by to
his friends, among them J. Lesser, of Les
ser Brothers, wholesale dealers in cloth
ing, and took the Southern Pacific 2:30
train for Tucson, where he expected to sell
goods.
On presenting his ticket to the conductor
the latter stuck the customary check in
his hat and passed on, but the ticket in
spector, who came along later on his search
for scalpers' ticket", made a closer exami
nation of t lie ticket ami found grounds for
suspicion that Mr. Cowles was not the man
to whom it was originally issued.
Mr. Cowles admitt'-d that he had shaved
off his mustache, but offered evid nee of
his identity in an accident insurance policy
in his name, in his pocket-book bearing
his name, and in the initials engraved
upon his cane, besides the identification of
him by W. H. Hamilton of the Los An
geles Crockery Company, C. A. Rathnurn
Of Las Vegas, a shoe salesman, and A.
Kaempfer, a clothing salesman of New
York, all of whom had Known him four or
live years.
The inspector was obdurate, however,
and demanded fare. This was refused by
Mr. Cowles, who was then ejected from the
train at I'uente.
Mr. Cowles will consult his attorney to
morrow, and expects upon the hitter's ad
vioe to brinu a suit for (10,000 damages.
REFORM IX THE PRISONS.
San Quentin to Receive Only Xotoriout
Criminal* Hereafter.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 6— Superior
Judge Smith has received a communica
tion from the State Prison Board request
ing him, in common with the trial courts
of criminal jurisdiction, to sentence
prisoners who have been guilty
of first offenses and those who are
very young to Folsom Penitentiary, while
those" who are hardened criminals to San
IJueutin. It is stated that the purpose is
to make two classes of the criminals, and
to undertake measures of reform at Fol
som. which, owing to the different class of
criminals, would not be introduced at i'an
Quentin.
SHOCKED liV A LIFE WlttE.
Lineman Tedford Want* Damages From
OH Electrical Company.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 6.— Thomas
11. Teiiford has brought suit against the
Los Angeles Electrical Company to re
cover $'-'5,000 damages for injuries alleged
to have Deen sustained while in the
erauloy of the company through its
neglect.
Tedford states that he was employed as
an unskilled laborer, but was made to do
the work of a lineman. While aloft on a
pole he was shocked by a live wtre, and
fell eighteen feet to the ground. His skull
was fractured, and he sustained other in
juries. He also claims that the company
was negligent in not furnishing him with
rubber gloves.
AX JEXIi 1O 1-t.OODS.
Breakicater Dam in the Calarcrns liiver
Completed.
STOCKTON. Cal., Jan. The dam in
the bend of the Calaveras River, on the
Moore ranch, four miles above Stockton,
built under the direction of the Board of
Supervisors, has been completed and it is
regarded as a very important, Piece of
work in view of the fact that it will confine
the river to its bank at that point shut
out a large amount of the water that has
flowed down upon Stockton through the
Sanguinnetti. Weber and Sperry ranches
in past years, It is constructed on the
south side of a big bend, waich has always
been regarded .as one of the most danger
ous points during the high water.
Tiiis, with the large number of other
improvements made on the river durin :
the pa t year, makes it hopeful that the
periodical floods above Stockton are a
thing of the past.
• -■ . ■
VHtEXIX 1)HOOT1\G TOUR* AMEXT.
The 'Teams of Tucson. I'rcscoit and Pltoc-
jjix in tlie Content.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Jan. (3.— To-day was
the second day of the competitive snooting
tournament ot the Arizona Sportsmen's
Association.
Those competing were from Phoenix,
Pre^cott and Tucson.
The first event was for a diamond pin
and the championship of Arizona, teams
of four competing.
This was won by Fbcenix, the team be
ing composed of T. W. Hine, H. Fowler,
T. M. ScofieldandJ. H. Holmes. The score
was 136 out of a possible 200.
The individual live bird championship,
which carries a cold medal, was won by J.
H. Holmes of Phoenix, who made a clean
score of twelve live birds.
The Phcenix club will entertain the vis
itors by a two days' hunt on the Gila River,
the party leaving to-night.
-* !
BANT A ASA ItLX; EROCK HMOOTISG.
Rivrrflde Trntii BefMUtd by the Home
Marksmen— Scarr, f»8 to 111.
SANTA ANA, Cal., Jan. 6.— The River
side crack bluerock marksmen received a
practical demonstration of the ability of
the Santa Ana boys on New Year's Day.
The scores are now all at hand, and the
records made by E. E. Mason and Ed
Vaiijsrhn of the Banta Ana team are sonie
thine phenomenal.
Preceding t c match shoot with the Riv
erside team eleven sweepstake events were
shot off. In these Mason broke 84 out of
the first 85 birds thrown for him, 96 in 100
and LOl in 105. He lacked but two o! tyin>;
the coast record for 100 birds. Vaughn got
100 out of 105. C. H. Parker, the remain
in member of the Santa Ana team, was
badly out of form in the forei:oon. but re
covered his eye in time forthematch shoot.
This event was delayed by ihe Itiversiti
ers until 3 o'clock, and the result w. that
they were so worn out after the lent.' siege
at sweepstakes that they fell down com
pletely.
The Santa Ana boys wished to shoot the
match in the forenoon, but Riverside evi
dently expected to tire them out by delay
ing it until after the sweepstakes. The
match was for $'0 a side, fifty birds to
each man, one man ud, five traps, known
traps ana known ancles. The individual
score for the two team* was as follows:
Santa Ana— C. H. Parker, 41; E. E. Ma
son, 43; Ed Vaughn, 41. Total, 128.
Riverside— A. \V. Bruner. 39; Dr. Taber,
41; Charles Packard, 31. Total, 111.
A I'etnluma Suicittr.
PETALFMA, Cal., Jan. 6.— William
Bronson of this city committed suicide
yesterday by hanging himself iv bis room
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel, where he was
discovered h:st night, lie had first made
aii unsuccessful attempt to cut his throat.
Though Bronson was known as a heavy
drinker the immediate cause of his act is
unknown.
vitixLii'AL ck&eala citors.
Interesting Estimate of the Product and
Vrlcrs.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 6.— The
estimates by States and Territories of
area, product ana value of the principal
cereal crops of the United States for 1895,
made by the Statistician of the Depart
ment of Agriculture, are given as follows:
Corn— Area, 82,075,830; product, 2,151,
--139,000; value, $567,509,000; yield per acre.
26.2 bushels; farm price per bushel. 26.4
cents.
Winter wheat— Area, 22,009,322 ; product,
261,242,000; yield per acre, 1 1./S2 bushels.
Sp-ing wheat— Area, 11,435.010; product.
205,861,000; yield per acre. 18.08 bushels;
total wheat area, 34,047,332; product,
467,103.000; value, $237,939,000; yield per
acre, 13.7 bushels; farm price per bushel
50.9 cents.
Oats— Area, 27,878,400; prodnct 824 -
444,000; value, 1163,655,000; yield per
acre, 29.4 bushels; farm price per bushel,
19.9 cents,
Rye— Area, 1,890,345: product, 27,210,000
--value, f1!,9U5,000; yield per acre, 14.4
bushels; farm price per bushel, 44 cents.
Barley— Area, 3,299,973; product, 87,
--573,000; value, $29,312,000 ; yieid per acre,
24.4 bushels: farm price per bushel, 33.7
cent?.
Buckwheat — Area. 768,277; product
15,341,000; value, 16,936,000; yield per
acre, 2C.1 bushels; farm price per bushel,
45.2 cents.
Potatoes— Area, 2,954,052; product, 297,
--237,000; value, $78,1)85,000 ; yield per acre,
lOO.U bushels; farm price per bushel, 26.6
cents.
Hay— Area, 44,260,453: product, 67,018,
--441 tons: value, 9383,186.000; yield per
acre, 1.06 tons; farm price per ton, $8 35.
ti iit i:.u t: l r C o /, /> h i:a tii i: it.
In the far En*t the Temperature Falls
, Jtelow Zero.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 6.— The
weather to-day was the coldest which New
Yorkers have experienced in many years.
This morning the temperature fell be'.ow
zero. At 10 o'clock the weather began to
moderate slightly and the mercury climbed
up two decrees above zero.
BOSTON, Mass,, Jan. This mornin
was the coldest of the season in this sec
tion of New England. The Weather
Bureau reports thS thermometer as 8 de
grees below zero in Boston, while dis
patches from points in this and Northern
New England gives a range of from 10 to
35 decrees below zero.
TORONTO. O.nt., Jan. s.— Extremely
cold weather is prevailing through On
tario and Quebec. Ten degrees below zero
was registered here this morning and dis
patches received from uifforent points in
dicate the cold more intense at other
places in the province,!
tiAVIU-XJB WILL FIGHT.
The Sauinaie Han to Rattle at the El
l'uso Totirnatneytt.
DALLAS, Tkx., Jan. 6.— Sam Austin to
night telegraphed to Dan A. Stuart that he
lirid Been Lnvigne, and that the prospects
were good for the Bftginaw man to accept
the challenge of Jack Everhart to fight for
the world's lightweight championship at
El Paso in February. Lavigne has prom
ised to five a final answer on Tuesday.
Austin also said that George Dixofi and
.Terry Marshall had signed to fight to a
finish for the $4<KH) offered by Stuart.
311SR0VR FLAME-SWEPT.
One Life Lost in a Fire That Destroyed
Matty fiitiUli ttr/s.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 6.— A fire
broke out to-niernt in the mining camp of
Mercur, some sixty-fire miles south of
here, winch for a time threatened to sweep
the entire camp. As it was a number of
buildings were destroyed, ThexJamage is
estimated at $12,000, with little or no in
surance.
A man named Barnard, barkeeper at the
Lewis Hotel, is supposed to have perished
in the flumes which destroyed trie hotel.
The lire is pretty well under control, but
not fully extinguished.
Count <!c htttibeapin Dead.
PARIS. France, Jan. (3.— Count de
Laubespin, Senator for Nievra, died here
to-day at his residence. 78 Ruedei'Uni
versite.
He was born in Paris on September (5,
1810, and served in the army for some
years, retirin in 1848 with the rank of can
tain, when he settled in Nievra, where he
acquired very Jarge properties. He wa
elected a member of the Senate in 1888
He- was a member of a large number of
philanthropical institutions.
General Lrygctt Vend.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 6.— General
M. D. Legmen, one of the few surviving
generals of the late war, died at his resi"
dence in this city this evening from
apoplexy, aged 71 years.
I>ritn<ifjr<l by Fire.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 6.— The factory of
the Confectioners and Bakers' Supply
Company on Madison street was damaged
by hre to-night to the extent of $60,000—
$50,000 to stock and $10,000 to building
An lee Wot-ka /iuvnrrl. ~-t
ATLANTA, Ga., Jan. 6. -The Artesian
Ice and Brewing Company of Brunswick,
Oia., on of the lar est and best in the
i^tate, burned this afternoon. The loss is
$•100,000.
Death of .iiajor Pott.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 6. -Major
Clarence Post, major of Engineers in the
Unired Spates army, died suddenly in this
city this evening.
FLAGSTAFF UPRISING.
Navajo Indians in Revolt
Against New Mex
ico Whites.
FEARS OF A MASSACRE.
A Gang of Cowboys Hemmed In
by the Reds at a Trad
ing Station.
POSSE SENT TO THE RESCUE.
Braves Claim That Their Ponies Are
Stolen and Sold by the Border
Men.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mex., Jan. 6.-
Intelligence of an uprising of Navajo
Indians near Flagstaff, Ariz., reached
here this afternoon.
The news was brought to Flagstaff, a
small town on the Atlantic and Pacific, by
a cowboy, who said the liulia;is bad
revolted atrainst the whites, and that a band
of twenty-five of the redskins had a gang
of cowboys corralled at a trading-post
forty-five mites east of the town. He De
lieved if assistance was not sent at onca
the whites would be massacred.
Sheriff Cameron at once organized a
posse and left Flagstaff for the scene of
the trouble. No word is expected from
him, until to-morrow.
The Indians claim the cowboys have
been stealing their ponies and disposing of
them at. Flagstaff.
'
DEA.TII 111 A WHECK.
Disaster on the International and Great
\ortlurn Hori'l.
GEORGETOWN, Tex., Jan. 6.—The rear
coach of a train on the International and
Great Northern road left the track at 5
o'clock last evening and was overturned.
Sol Gainer, v colored brakeman, jumped
from the front end of the coach and was
caught underneath and killed instantly.
Fred Scary. one of the passengers, of this
city, aged 19, r:m to the rear platform and
jumped to the middle of the track, strik
in a wood trestle and receiving fatal in
juries, lie died at 7 o'clock. John Little,
a university student, received internal in
juries, but they aro not thought to be fatal.
Clark 1* a Candidate.
LITTLE HOCK, Ark., Jan. ().— Governor
Clark announces himself for United States
Senator, declaring for the immediate free
coinage of silver.
v FIRE AT SUNNYSIDE.
Narrow Kscape of tiiu Power- House
of th« Electric Railroad.
The San Francisco and San Mateo elec
tric road power-house had a narrow escape
from being destroyed by (ire Just evening,
About 11:15 o'clock a Mrs was disco
on the roof of a boarding-house and sa
loon situate.! on the pore corner of 3pnny
side, Baden and Congo streets, known as
the Power-house Exchange. The building
has been unoccupied for several months,
but the furniture was left in the lodging
bouse and saloon by the last ocenpant.
Owing to the poor facilities for lighting
fire at Sunny-side the building was soon a
mass of (lames, and clouds of sparks
and burning shingles blew in all direc
tions. Many of the sparks wern whirled
high in the air and feli upon the building«
at the power-house of the electric road,
and the employes had hard work to keep
these buildings" from being destroyed.
It is estimated that :he loss of the lodg
ing-house and saloon, with the contents,
was about $3000.
It is proposed to put In force in Ireland
the anthropometric system of identifying
criminals as soon as selected officers have
been talent bow to take the various
measurements.
KTEV7 TO-DAT.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly U3ed. The many, "who live bet-
i ter than others and enjoy life more, with
! less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
; the needs of physical being, will attest
j the value to nealth of the pure liquid
j laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas-
ant to the taste, the refreshing truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax-
-1 ative; eifcctually cleansing the system
; dispelling colds, headaches and fevera
I and permanently curing constipation.
j It has given satisfaction to millions and
1 met with the approval of the medical
, profession because it acts on the Kid-
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak-
j ening them and it is perfectly free from
j every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug-
gists in 50c and 31 bottles, but it is man-
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co.only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offereu.
MANLY VIGOR
<s-— STrETßvjfik QNCE MORE In harmony
II | -JJk with the world, 2000
! I ,\ >V c m P let ely cured men aro
I #!£* \\ Bin B ul ha;>py praises for
Ui I| P fi&£_AW th e reate3 ti grand-
?~ u *^^'Tw f i£6iS\ est and most sue-
fiTfinTnFnSrt^i^ cc ful euro for sex-
i^f P?i weakness and
IV\ 'JrSSk. lostyiprpr known to
iLt^-CS-^TJ-^y^s medical science. An
f, fZZZ^?J&2§>. V account of this won-
bookf orm,withref-
\JiC^ s 2J--2 s/T eiynccs and proofs
fering men (sealed) free? FulfSly^i
permanently restored. Faihire impossibl£
ERIE MEDICAL CO.,BUFFALO,N.Y.GAME OLD LOGAN FIRST
With 20 to 1 About Him He
Beat Yo El Rey Out a
Nose.
AND VINCTOR RAN UNPLACED.
Three Favorites Finished in Front.
Red Root Took the Mile and a
Half Run.
Logan likes our climate. Alex Shields'
• rse arrived here from .New Or
luring the latter part of last week,
very Jit tie fatigued from his tiresome trip
on the oar, for he carries his ten years we'l.
He surveyed the racing situation on Sat
urday, attenced church on Sunday, and
had the temerity to start in a mile dash
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Tenth Day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track
i jst. Bay District Track, San Francisco, Monday, January 6, 1896.
1
1
1
(j 1 FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs: three-year-olds; conditions; lallowances; purse $400.
:ndex. I Horse and weight. St. 14 i 2 8 /i I SIr -
1 : —
(468) Gratify 114 2 2h 2h < 2 2 2 2
473 (Joe K 107 1 12 11% 11 1%
437. Gradv 107 : 5 6U 5' 2 31 32
481 RevdelBandidos.117 4 3 ] '■> 4% 4% 4 4
432 Lizzie H.... 102 3 4 1" 3' 3 6 2 5 %
486 Heartsease 102 88 7h 6h 6 2
475 Clara Johnson.... 102 6 6%| 8 7 7 2
464 sprv l.ark 102 7 7 ' I 6 h 8 8
293 Mav Jones 102 8 9 9 I & 9
1 n !
21 i
34
46
6I1
6 4
7 10
8 10
9
Doggett j 1
K. Jones 1 30
R. Isom ! 7-2
Coadv 10
Garner 13-2
C. Slaughter 110
Rowan '50
Peoples 30
Fitzgerald 50
I Op.
1
60
4
15
9-2
15
100
150
200
Poor start. Won driving. Winner, Westchester stable's ch. g., by
:27i*.
A' BEGoNO RACE— Six furlongs; selling; conditions; allowances; purse $300.
I Horse, age, weight, j St.i
%
% % Str.
8 8 7 5
73 6 % 62
ft 1 62 41
4 h 4 h 3h
2 1 21 2 1
1 Yz lb lh
3 h 3 h 6 b
6h 7 2 8
Fin. j
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. CI.
456 Red Glenn, 5 105 8
493 Tim Murphy, a... 106 6
458 ■ana, a. 1H| 7
493 Emma D, 6 105 6
477 Hueneme, 4.. 105 4
490 I Oregon Eclipse, a. 107' 1
481 I Model. 4 100! 3
445 I Detective, 4... . 102! 2
1 h 'Coadv
2 h J. Chorn i
8 1% Hennessy
4 4" T.Sloan
5 % ;Pigeott
6 4 H. Shields
7 10 R. Isom
8 Garner
5-2
2
6
4
20
25
4
5
8
3
20
5
40
30
6
6
Good start. Won driving. Winner, Cambridge stable's b. g., by Glen Elm-Red Girl. Time, 1:14.
At post 18 minutes.
Qf' THIRD RACE— One end a halt miles; selling: three-year-olds and upward; allowances; purse
: JO. $500.
Index. j Horse, age, weight. I St. Str. 14 % % j str. Fin. | . Jockeys. , /''"'"ci
.so Red Root, a 106 46 6 4 h ft 1/2 4 lh HI. Bergen 3-2 13-10
492 Articus. 5 303 3 lh 12 lh 12% lh 22 Weaver .. 8 6
435 FiFi. 4 96 2 23 31 3h 14% 3 % 32 E.Jones 6 10
441 Arundel, 5 109 6 4h 21 21 lh |2% 1/3 C.Sloan ... 10 10
463 | Doyle, 4 96 5 51 5% 62 6 6 5 10 C; slaughter i 4 7-2
49-.' iLongd'Or, & 102 1 3h 4% 6 1,3% & 6 T.Walker 12 20
. Jockeys.
! Betting.
I Op. Cl.
Good start. Won driving. Winner, Charles Parker's ch. g., by imp. London-Chance. Time, 2:36.
(i— FOURTH RACE— One mile; all ages; conditions; penalties; allowances; purse $400.
ndex. J Horse, age, weight. St.
% | Vi Str.
5 5 3 2
1% lh 1 h
2 % 2 3 2 2
* Yz * Va 4 %
3 1. 3b 5
Jockeys.
ng-
Cl.
! Logan, a 119 3
4S7 Yoel Rey, 5 106 4
387 Lismore, 6 100 1
(490):\'inctor, 4 110 5
487 Catch 'Em, 6 100 2 i
4 h
32
1%
5
2 1%
:
1 ns {
2 3
! 36 :
4 6
! i* \
5
Ballard 10
J. Chorn ! 10
1 Donnelly ] 6
DoggeU 1-4
E. Jones 40
20
8
15
1-5
50
Good tart. Won driving.
Winner, Alex Shield's b. h., by Voltlgeur-Pert. Time, 1:40%.
no FIFTH RACE— About six furlongs; selling; mares: three-year-olds and up; allowances; purse
OO. $300.
Index. { Horse, age, weight, j St. 1 % % «4 I Str.
428 \ Circle, 4 88 6 ' 14 14 I 13
431 (Chartreuse, 5 96 2 6 42 4 4
478 i^ea Side, 5 94 4 4h 31% 2 3
Ginger,6 85 6 8% 32 . 32
178 .Bravura, 4 85 1 2 1/3 6 j 6
1190 Milauie.a 91 3 5 1 52 | 62
ndex.
Horse, age, weight. St.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
13 | E.Jones 9
2h T. Sloan. 6-5
3 6 R. Isom...... 6
4 5 ! Erawley 20
5 1 Hewitt 15
6 Garner | 4
9-5
7-5
10
25
60
11-2
Good start. At post 12 minutes,
'essiot. Time, 1:11%.
Won easily. Winner, Lone stable's b.m., by imp. Friar Tuck-
(mi SIXTH RACK— Six furlongs: selling; conditions: allowances: purse $300.
ndex. Horse, age, weight.
.4
%
Fin.
! Betting.
Op. ci.
4*7 |Sea Spray, 4 100 1
4*3 Jack Atkins, 3 .... 87 5
47. iDonGara, 3 94 2
481 Rey Alt.., 4 102 4
481 Sylvia, 3 85 8
179 Zcta. 3 ,83 9
182 'Geo. Bonhert, 6...103 6
464 Vera, 3 95 j 10
482 Harry Lewis, 5. . .107 7
459 (Great Falls, 5 108 8
187 'Minnie T. a lOllleft
12
61
21
:::::::: I_ %
4 1
94
84
10
5 V 2
74
:::::::: ,. 7 . 4 ...
11% 1
4 3
2 h
3 2
5 4
9
63
10
7.
8
: 12
i 43
2 %
3h
5 4
7
6
8
9
10
14 JR. Isom
2h Hewitt
3 5 E. Jones
4 % Pigeott
5 6 C. Slaughter....
6 3 Reidv
7 1 H.Martin
8 2 Mclntyre
9 4 Bozeman :
10 Rowan j
Steele |
5-2
4
3-2
6
6
15
15
6
20
5
I 30
9-5
5
3
8
8
10
40
25
30
150
60
I
Pair start except Minnie.
Won easily.
tea.
Winner, P. Siebenthaler's b. g. by imp. ilariner-Marin.
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE. ~~~
To-day's Entries at the Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations—F., fast: Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong: *, about.
FIBST RACE— Five furlongs:
Index. (
I . Best
Lbs I record.
Lbs ! Tic I
Lbs Tk. ;
Name.
{483 'Salisbury II.... 94 1:02
408 Began 103 1 PO1.0
462 'Coleman :106 1:01
484 lyMcCloskey 112 ! 1:03*4
478 Dorsey 103 1:01V*
483 Minnie II -. ' 89 1:02V*
464 Easel I 93 :50
472 Irma 101 1:11
483 Prince Hooker.! 94 1:02
(-66) Judge Tarn 103 1:16*4
478 Fijian 101 no rec.
452 Myrtle H 89 :56
484 JArtemus 101 no rec.
; 5 1
1 71
5f
I 51
1 61
! 5 *
! 1/2 m '
j 5V 2 1
5f
; sf
96 F.. i Burns <fcWatrhouse Racine-Imp. Flirt
109 P.. F. Dwyer. Fabulous-Nettie R
92 P.. I Westchester stable. imp. sir.Modred-BIithesome
107 F.. Pleasant Hill stable Joe Hooker-Jessie R
101 F.. D. A. .Nunan : Cyclone-Kate Carson
115 F.. B. Schrelber lAretino-Pauline
109 F.. Woodlawn stable.. Ben Ali-Kzza
104 H.. C. H. Durkee .st. Saviour-Ella T
104 P.. C. I.. McDonald.... ! Jo Hooker-Princess Norfolk
104 P.. S. F. Capps....i : Nick of the Woods- Betta B
— ' — W.D.Randall Imp. Inyerness-Allinity
104 F.. T.J.Roche Torso-Lady Leinster
..|D. Miller Argyle-by Imp. Sir Modred
1 !
"4%f"
* Formerly Lady Leinster fily.
SECOND RACK— About six furlongs: seuing: light welter-weights.
Index.
Name.
I Best
Lbs record.
j Lbs
Tk.
963 Eventide..
" 492 Ida>\....
484 [Crawford:
484 Hanford |
488 Big Chief
464 Tiny........ '
481 Cold Bug
MetaL
468 ardwell
460 Summertime...
407 Soon Enough...
486 Myron
492 Elsie
492 Vernon.
277 Mldlo
(483 Initv
307* ; Tort on!
92 .Suffrage
482 I rocfcajacb
102 1:141A *6 f
102 .. . . . .
122 1:08 \5Y- t
1191 1^7%|5^_i
DM .........
102 1:02 61
126 1:08% 6% 1
125 :
10*7 I :00% 6 '_"*""
10S 1:05 .5 f
119 1:1414 ! 61
119 1:08% by 2
102 •-.., 4% f
116 1:09 51/2 l
104 1:1134 ■,;%-
108 1:1314 *« f
123 1:15% 6 f
102 :56i^i4i/ 2 f
120 '.' ......
I 87 i
1 i oi 1
\ioi\
I 90
"99
129
HO]
971
110
Oil
102
91
88!
109
129
97
_ ... Dr. Fuller. ;.. ■ Flambeau-Evangeline
.... B. Schrelber Ben Ali-Hidalga
F... Antrim stable i Apache-Emma Kongfield
F... California stable.. Imp. Kyrle Daly-Visalia
.... W. O'B. Macdonh Apache- Flora
F... 8. Bowley Fresno-Verona
|F... J. Hunter. ; I .ttshurg-Mollv S
I .... E.J. O. Boescke.. ; Blue Eyes-Metella
F... W. Karp But Victoria
H. . ElPrlmero stable Fitzjames-Springllke
i'.. Mrs. L. Smith.... El Rio Rev-Sooner
F... Ira Ramsdale. Imp. Mfdlothiaii-bv Tom
P.*. C.J. Gunn Fellowcharm-Elsie S
IF... Westchester st'bl Powhattan-Verna
F... Burns Waterb's Imn. Midlothlan-EI'ct Light
I'... L. Ezel Imp. Rosslngton-Unlte
F... D.Miller Ecu -.dor-Eva II
I... Kl Corona stable.. Imp. Suwarrow-Franheise
.... F. Fisher. .. Winters-Ida O'Neil
•Formerly Eva S II gelding,
THIRD BACK— One mile; handicap.
Index. 1
Name.
! I Best
Lbs I record.
Dist. Lbs Tk.
( _2' £. , V? , , Lox ■■' Ji_ } : f?.J'. i } m 107 H. McNaugton A Mulr Falsetto-La Svlphide
__A ", ' Xu ■„ lS * J : iV5. i m no -- J-McEvoy Macduff-J.ongal gbt
___ .,,.» >_*_,,*. **' intliits^* ? m - ° 5^'- '•'nnvoodstkfarm. Imp. Brutus- Installation
490 Utile Cripple... 103 1:46 lm,0y 109 V " J.Weber PirPenzance-Ly Stanhope
J2° " os « bud M_t WHY? l m 105 !F„. Burn. & Waterh Tyrant-Rosemary
(474) .loan... 94 l:27« II 108 IP J-Cochran St. Carlo-Bagatelle
470 I Miss Norma... 8a ,l:15i | 6f | 95 I ... ..umnestk fm. Ben d'Or-Miss Muggins
FOURTH RACE— About six furlongs: selling.
Index.
Name.
I I Best I I
J. i>s record. | Dist.
Lbs Tic
493 jClaco.tier 95 1:121,4 1*0
170 | Miss Ruth i 94!1:42% 1 m
419 ! Road Runner... 97,1:4154 lm
384 j Babe Murphy., j 94 ! 1 :i:.t 4 1 6 t
461 Banjo. . 1 ' 97 1:0744 ! 5 Va *
493 fly 91 l:lll|i.. 5 1:
(isi) George Miller... 108 1:1:. ti f
267 JLeonville 92 1:02 5 t
490 Potentate. ..:.'." 105:1:30 7f
484 I Morven 9711:161,4 6 »
(445) '■ Montana 104|l:18Vi _i
a~ !?"*, !Taylor - : Three Cheers-Bell of Lake
iKtit "i Al Martin sobrante-Buth
_-!_• Antrim stable Joe Daniels-Miss Hooker
___.'• i,,', 1 ';? t ' d Klias Dawrence-Princs Glen
7;V _"?.,_ llstilbl(; Peregrin- Lady Foster
liVJl _." «! k- J° n st able...... i Beveiile-Fusiiiade's Last
.lie J." W.L.Stanfleld ... Loftln-Kmmu
J ._ £- * reh, Wd* L °uridg Leonatus-Vllette
,,.. 5: "i ?urns4Wa*rhuse Hayden Edwards-Amelia P
iVoItMt XXX '' . l «"ke... imp. Cheviot- Lurline
i'" Hi.. I J, 1. Wooiman Storey-Uga
FIFTH BACK— One mile and fifty yards: gelling.
Index.
~ I ■ ! I Best I 1 j j" '■ ~ j ~
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dist. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
_l«__M y v?£""--- :: " iii.li :1*__4 }JX- Iu .\f~ I" flj- Shieln«.-.. Hyder All-Addle Warren
( i_?i } -r.^'K-.;,- i«_ ¥££* }™X. } > °« ]:■ * " 3 , lcK v - *>*** Montrose-Ocean Wave
480 : hornhlll 104 1 46 lm,0y,102 I.. '-/.-"'"iy Imp.Cheviot- Anderson
456 jBansomo 8611:4154 lm 96 >... C. I. Sanders... Alirerine-N'ellie Rananma
440 May Day 103 1:41 <_ 1 m 104 I-'... A. P. Miller..... lob,, . i,„l . ,a { i,lsome
(389); Wheel of Fortune 98 1:46 ln,70y 92JF... J. Harvey • Gano- Jennie .
377 Flirtllla 93*1:42 lm Km F... O. Appleby Peel-Paustine Y
48] Cabrllla. 9Sil:015i 5f 99 Fa. It. Van Brunt.. St. saviour- In Liz Hamilton
486 jPolaski TOO 1:40^4 **- '» j 05 '"-■• Owen Bros Captain AMio'illSn ampt0n
SIXTH RACE— rive furlongs; selling.
I j
Tk.
Owner.
!
I |. Best
Index. Name. Lbs record.
482 Joe Hill 103 no re<\
472 Swiftsore 107 1:08.4
482 Imp. Autonomy! 112 i
169 Triumph .".1 103! no rec.
;•;:> Catalogue j l"'> .29
•233 Margaret M..... 1 89; :49V2
175 Kai Mol 1 103 ! no MC
467 >■■ Dickickson.JllO!
Idle Bell... 107 no rec.
47-.' My Sweetheart . j lor>i.o6i'4
4H2 Be« 103: no- rec
jCvmoor.. 107 i no rec
681 'Green River.... 108 -no rec.
471 Fiexotto 91] no rec. ;
499 j Sylvia | 89, |
■ Name.
I "j. Best
Lbs record.
Dist.
I Tic.
I
6V2 t
i
1'5%'V
' Yz «>
I
!
\m
...
ion
1.9|
....
....
.... J. Hill '
1'... A.W. .mall
— ('. Burllngame..-.'.-..
.... T. P. Shorten........
II.. 1 C. Tyron
I'... .). Fay .....;. ;
— ('. Sampson |
1-. iio3weJ] .;...
...!c. Vaninu
II.. W. 11. Schooler....
....J. L. Crooks
.... Key Alfonso stable.
.... J. B. Chase.........
.... R.W. Roberts...... !
.... B. Schrelber... ';....'
Kingston-Lady Golden
Coloma-Laura D
Senator stanford-Tiama
John A-l nil.. , '
Gano- Jennie C
Bradford-VVoodiodge
Hindoo-*
G.Dudley-Jack Miner mare
Wildidler-hv Billy Norfolk
j Major Ban-Llbbertiflibbet
A sterllx- Hannah E
Cyclone-imp. i artisan
Imp. Grejnback-Leverett
Imp-Brutus- by Kelpie
limp. Wagner-Tabecia '
1
*6f "'
M
....
!
'........
....
i ;
■■A
i !
1....I
I against the record-breaking Vinctor yes
terday. The latter horse was of course an
odds on choice, the books holding him at
2to 9. Loiian opened at 10 to 1, wandered
bark to 20. and when a few sympathetic
dollars found their way In on him the pen
j cilers largely chopped the odds to 15. A
1 stiff play on Charles Fair's notorious
Biilker, Yo El Rey, the |27,500 son of Joe
Hooker and Marion, forced his odds down
from 20 to 8 and 9tol. Lismore and Catch
'Em were lightly considered in the betting.
When the flag fell, Lismore started out
to show the way. Down the back stretch
Yo El Rey shot to the front with a great
burst of speed, leading Lismore half a
length, after half of the journey had been
traveled. The order of the leaders was
unchanged as the stretch was reached.
Logan was now looming up as a dangerous
factor, the favorite to all appearances
being hopelessly beaten. The old fellow
soon moved into second place, ana oppo
site the draw-gate had the race^ to all ap
pearances at his mercy. \o El Rey
responded to Churn's urging, and Ballard
had to resort to the whip with Logan. As
the wire was passed, the dark nose of the
veteran showed in front, and he gained the
verdict. It was the most exciting finish "f
the day. The mile was covered in 1 : im;.
The balance of the racing was above the
1 average. Favorites were successful in tak
ing three of the six events on the card.
The betting was extremely good for an off
day.
The Westchester stable's gelding Gratify
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 3896.
was a 6 to 5 favorite for the opening event
on the card, a seven-furlong run, but only
won in a hard drive from the long-priced
outsider Joe X, who made all the running.
The second event, at six furlongs, was
another stubbornly contested race. Tim
Murphy was a slight favorite over Red
Glenn, with Emma D a strong third
choice. Passing Oregon Eclipse and Hu
eneme, who had been cutting out, the run
ning to the stretch, Toano looked a likely
winner. He was joined by Tim Murphy
and Red Glenn the last hundred yards,
the three passing the wire heads apart,
Red Glenn finishing in front of the favor
ite, the outsider third.
The mile and a half selling event went
to the 6to 5 favorite. Red Root. Bergen
kept him back until the stretch was
reached the second time, when he made
his run. In a drive he beat Articus, who
had made the running, a neck on the wire
in 2:36. Fi Fi was third.
Chartreuse was a 7 to 5 favorite for the
six-furlong dash for mares, but Circe, the
9to 5 second choice, carrying 88 pounds,
made a runaway race of it and won by
three lengths, with the favorite in the
place.
The last race was captured by the 8 to 5
I choice, Sea Spray, who was in front most
lof the way, and won handily by three
i lengths in the good time of 1:14^. Jack
I Atkins nipped the second choice, Don
Gara, out for the place.
Track and Paddock Items.
There were no new faces on the block
yesterday, the usual nineteen pencilers
cutting in.
At his second essay in the saddle Charlie
Ballard was more successful. His ride on
Logan would suit the moat fastidious race
goer.
Pittsburg Phil was a strong supporter of
the roan mare, Emma D.
Entries for the two-year-old stakes, foals
of 1894, of the California Jockey Club, close
on January 15.
Ed Purser backed vis horse, Red Glenn,
in every book in the ring. Frank Cody
got nim to the wire tirst in clever fashion.
Riley Grannan had his checks down on
Yo El Key for the place.
"Jimmy" McCormick, who trains the
Burns & Waternouse horse, backed Logan
to win, and told a friend he evened up his
losses on the meeting.
The judges fined Jerry Chorn $25 for his
rickety-rackety ride on Tim Murphy.
Jerry engaged in altogether too much
bumping for safety's sake.
The California Jockey Club has secured
an extension of its lease to the Bay District
track, which expires on March 1, and will
continue racing on the present course to
the end of the season.
At a meeting of the board of directors of
the Pacific Const Jockey Club, held yester
day, they decided upon making Thursday,
the opening day, ladies' day. A splendid
programme has been arranged, and there
will undoubtedly be a crush. Wednesday
is the closing day of the Bay District
track. '
It was expected that the Baldwin Hotel
j stakes to be decided on Saturday at Ingle
] side track would be run before the close of
I the old year, the conditions stating as
much. As in the case of one or two stakes
run at the Bay District track th<- coming
stake will be decided under the December
j scale of weights.
FIELD TRIAL CONTESTS.
The Judges Selected Are Noted
Sportsmen and Good
Riders.
Kittle and Jackson Are Members of
the Country Club and Admire
Setters.
Sportsmen who are interested in field
trials and thoronghbre.l hunting dogs are
now discussing the appointment recently
made by the Pacific Coast Field Trial Club
of gentlemen who will judge contests at
Bakerstield on the 20th of this month.
D. M. Pyleof Bakerslield is well known
to the sportsmen who have attended field
trial meetings in past years. He is a man
of much experience and good judgment
Consequently his awards have given gen
eral satisfaction.
Andrew Jackson of this City is, com
paratively, a young man in field-trial ex
perience, but he showed such excellent
judgment two years ago at Salinas in de
ciding trie merits of some close and excit
ing races between pointers and setters
that his friends then predicted that he
would subsequently be looked upon as one
of the leading authorities in this State on
matters pertaining to tield trials.
W. B. Kittle, the third man selected, has
had a lengthy experience in held sports
and it goes without sayine that he" can
tell a good dog the moment lie sees one
'•quartered ' on a hillside or "range" over
a level piece of country. >l r. Kittk- is
considered tne champion wing shot of the
Country Club, and being passionately fond
of dogs the Field Trial Club committee
selected him as being about as able a rep
resentative "in the saddle" as it could find
among the many sportsmen at large.
Some people who are not members of
the Field Trial Club, but who, neverthe
less, are very fond of the sport, do not
hesitate to say that 11. T. Payne, the Eng
lish Better man, has had much to say in
the selection of the judges this year. It
has been stated that Payne was a guest of
the Country Club not very long ago and
while admiring the beautiful landscape,
Payne suggested to Mr. Kittle, so the
story goes, that he would make an excel
lent field trial judge, and tnat after much
persuasion Mr. Kittle consented to take to
the saddle.
The contests will be held near Bakers
field on a preserved country where birds
are plentiful, and if the weather should be
fine grand sport will surely result. The
dogs that have been entered for the trials
are being well conditioned, and the owners
are all confident of success — but then all
dogs cannot win, not even in a field trial
contest.
Institute of Applied Christianity.
At a meeting of the Institute of Applied
Christianity, in the Columbia building, last
night, Dr. F. K. King gave an elaboration of a
scheme of co-operation which he calls "The
New Government." In brief, the idea is to base
an organization, as a nucleus, on principles of
love, justice and equality of rights, and then
apply the recognized machinery of govern
ment to the organization and go into feasible
business investments as a whole, the society to
build up its finances from the margins of profit.
Woman's Occidental Koard.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Women's Occidental Board yesterday, new
year's reports and greetings were received
from the various schools and missions at
Sacramento, Ban Jose, Los Angeles and Santu
Barbirn. All the reports showed satisfactory
progress. Mi-s f'almer gave a talk on
Presbyterian lnissions all over the world, and
Miss Anna Cplbertsoo and Miss Cameron re
ported that the Sacramento-street Home was
in a flourishing condition.
Arrival of the Walla "Walla.
The stfiimship Walla Walla arrived in this
port last evening at 11 o'clock from Victoria,
B. C, carrying t>4 cabin passengers and 37
uteerage passengers. The Walla Walla con-
Burned seventy- four hours in making her voy
hk<-. about twelve hours over the u=ual tinie
required to make the trip. Bhe encountered
strong head winds during most of the voyage,
which accounts for her tardiness.
A Bicycle Suit.
Joseph Atkin, a bicyclist, was run down by
Lot D. Slocum, the livery-stable man, some
months ago, and afterward he brought suit
Hirain«t Slocum for .flo.ooo. The question in
volved was one 01 nc'Riisenee. The case was
tried before Judge Hunt yesterday, but no
agreement was reached.
London was founded in the year 60.
Paris was founded in 3W. New York was
founded in 1614, AH three arc* on rivers.
London is fifty miles and Paris is 111 miles
from the sea.
VICTIMIZED BY A FORGER
A. H. Holmes, Alias Dean, Se
cured $20,000 on a Raised
Draft.
TWO BANKS ARE INTERESTED.
Crocker-Woolworth and the Nevada
Bank May Have a Lawsuit
Over the Loss.
Either the Nevada Bank or the Crocker-
Woolworth National Bank, the courts will
probably be called upon to determine
which, has been swindled, and very
cleverly swindled, out of $20,000 by a
shrewd sharper, who has disappeared
leaving not the slightest clew behind for
the detectives.
A. 11. Holmes or A. H. Dean, which are
two of the names the swindler adopted,
came to this City several months ago and
represented himself to be a merchandise
broker. He opened a small account with
the Nevada Bank under the name of A. H.
Dean. He drew money from the bank on
several instances, but invariably replaced
it, and it is now presumed that this was
simply a ruse conceived by himself in
order to gain the confidence of the people
associated with the bank.
A few weeks ago he went to Woodland,
ostensibly on a business trip, and during
his stay in that citj r purchased a draft for
$12 on the Crocker-Woolworth Bank of
this City. The draft was dated December
13, 1895, and on the 17th of December it
was deposited in the Nevada liank, but it
had been raised in the intervening days,
between the 13th and the 17th, to $22,000.
The check had originally been perfo
rated with a machine which was hereto
fore supposed to be a safeguard against
the efforts of the most skillful crook.
Dean nevertheless filled xip these holes so
neatly that it takes a strong magnifying
glass to distinguish this change. He then
erased on the draft the letters "he" from
the word "twelve" and wrote in a hand
that can hardly be distinguished from the
original the remaining letters and words
necessary to complete the draft. After the
letters "lye" had been erased he added to
the remaining "Twe" the letters "nty"
and the words "two thousand dollars."
In the lower corner of the draft are the
figures $12.00 over a delicate scroll, but
this was easily disposed of by adding
another cipher and doctoring the "1" into
■jl neat "2." The draft was then reperfo
rated for $22,000 and t ie job was complete.
The check thus raised came to this City
and was deposited in the Nevada Bank on
the 17th ult. On the day following, the
ISth ult., it was taken to the clearing
house and cashed by the Crocker-Wool
worth Hank. Dean immediately drew
$20,000 of the $22,000, leaving $2000 as he
said to be placed to his credit. He took
the $30,000 in twenties in four bags of $5000
each, and although this amount of money
is quite heavy it is evident that Dean was
not seriously hampered in making his
departure.
It was three weeks before a demand was
made on the Woodland Bank by the
Crocker-Woolworth Buuk for payment,
and then the latter institution was in
formed that no such draft had been issued
by it. This fact led to a careful scrutiny
of the draft by experts and the fraua was
discovered.
Holmes or Dean is a man of me
dium height, of average build, with
black hair and eyes ami a black beard,
rather short and of sallow complexion
that bore evidence of sickness or the use
of borne drug presumably opium. When
last seen the swindler wore a long blue
over coat with a velvet collar and a black
crush fiat. His address was deliberate
and he seemed to be a man of great self
possession. Taking it all in all he might
be called handsome.
It is presumed that Dean has gone to
Japan, as a steamer for that country has
Bailed since his disappearance and he often
talked about the Flowery Kingdom, ex
pressing his opinion that he would like to
resiJe there.
President I. W. Hellman of the Nevada
Batik claims that his bank is not one cent
the loser owing to the honoring of the
forged draft.
"A man by the name of A. H. Dean
opened an account with the bank some
weeks ago," said Hellman yesterday, "de
positing considerable currency. At times
he drew small amounts, but always re
deposited the money and at times he
added to the amounts he drew wlien he
replaced it in the bantc.
"On the 17th of December he deposited
a draft from the Bank of Woodland, paya
ble to the Crocker-Woolworth Bank. That
check, during business hours on the 17th
ult., was sent to the clearing-house for
payment aud was paid by the Crocker-
Woolworth Bank on the 18th. If. by mis
take, a forged checK is sent by any one of
the various banks to the Clearing-house
and is paid and the mistake not discovered
within a certain number of hours and the
check returned to the bank from which it
was originally sent to the clearing-house
the liability of the bank sending the check
ceases and the loss devolves itself upon
the bank paying the check. This being
the case in this instance the Crocker-
Woolworth Bank is the loser and we are
not out a cent.
"Every check sent by any bank which
fcoes (hrough the Clearing-house must be
stamped under the provisions of article 17,
section 2, of the constitution of the San
Francisco Clearing-house, which reads as
follows:
All negotiable paper deposited for clearance
by the members of this association shall bear
the stamp of the depositing bank, which shall
clearly indicate the name of the bank, its
clearing-house number and the date of clear
ance. The stamp shall be for Clearing-house
purposes only, and shall guarantee the validity
ana regularity of all prior indorsements on the
paper, so cleared, except the indorsement of an
original payee of a certificate of deposit, and it
shall not be construed to supply a missing
indorsement.
"Further provisions are also made re
garding the relation of the Clearing-house
to the various banks. Article 15, section 2,
of the Clearing-house constitution com
pletely covers the payment of the draft
lorded by Dean, and under this section we
are not responsible for the loss, but the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank is the loser."
Following is the section referred to by Mr.
Hellman :
Section 2. Errors in the exchanges and claims
arising from the return of checks or from uny
other cause are not to be adjusted through the
Clearing-house, but directly between the
members who are the parties to them; all
checks, drafts, notes or other items in the ex
changes found not good or miasent shall bo re
turned without intentional mutilation, or
notice of dishonor given directly to the mem
ber from whom they were received, as soon as
examined, or presented not later than two
hours on ordinary days or three hours on col
lection days from the hour set for clearance in
which said returned vouchers were exchanged,
and the said member shall immediately refund
to the bank returning the same the amount
for which it nad received credit through the
Clearing-house for the said checks* drafts, notes
or other items so returned to it.
"The Crocker- Woolworth Bank," con
tinued Mr. Hcilman, -'did not notify us
that the draft was a forgery until a couple
of weeks after it had been paid; conse
quently it is their own error, and no one
can be blamed but themselves, and they
are the iosers.
"We did not pay the money out to Dean
until the 18th uJt., and if they had notified
us according to the bylaws we should have
refused payment, but, as it is, we cannot
be held responsible lor an error on their
Dart."
Attorney Reuben Lloyd, who is the le^al
adviser of the Crocker-Woolworth Bank,
is just as confident that the loss will fall
, 'on the Nevada Bank as that bank's Dreßi
dent is that it will devolve itself on ths
Crocker- Wool worth Bank.
"It is uoqsense to presume for a mo
ment,' 1 said Mr.' Lloyd, "that our bank
will be held responsible for this loss or be
governed in this case by article XV, sec
tion 2, of the clearing-house constitution,
as it would b« impossible within a few
hours to rind out whether or not. such a !
draft had been bought in Woodland,
which is quite a distance from this City.
"The Nevada Bank: is the innocent agent
of Mr. Dean or Holmes or whoever the
man is, and through tbat fact they must
stand the loss, as their stamp showing
that the signature was genuine was on the !
draft."
It is evident from the opinions given !
by these representatives of the two banks !
involved in the case that the fact as to
who is the loser will have to be settled by
the courts. If it comes to trial many
pretty technicalities regarding the legal
ity of the clearing-house constitution will
then be determined.
Captain Lees was first notified of the
forgery on Saturday night while he was at
the banquet tendered to Police Commis
sioner Gunst, W. H. Crocker of the
Crocker- Woolworth Bank and his attor
ney being the informants. Captain Lees
left the banquet and toot them to hi 3
office, where they made him acquainted
wuh the facts.
The captain said last night thai he had
been busily engaged all day on the case.
He was satisfied that it was the work of
professionals who did not belong here.
"There are certain things," said the
captain, "that I cannot give for publica
tion. I got Dean's bankbook in his office
and it shows the following deposits in the
Nevada Bank: 'December 4, $2500; De
cember 13, $795; December 17. $22,000.' It
also shows the following withdrawals by
check payable to self: 'December 7, $400;
December 12, $790; December 17, $2200;
December 18, $20,000." This left a balance
in the bank to his credit of $1995."
The captain yesterday sent the follow
ing dispatch to the Pinkerton Detective
Agency, New York:
A.J.Scott on December 9 bought from the
Bank of Woodland, Yolo County, a draft for
.f 12. arawn on the Crocker- Woofworth Bank of
San Francisco. One A. H. Dean opened an ac
count with the Nevada Bank and deposited
this check to his account on December
17, raised to $22,000, and the date
changed to 13th. It was collected
from the Croeker-Woolworth Bank through
the Clearing-house, Dean having drawn
his check upon his account opened at the Ne
vada Bank tor $20,000. He asked for currency,
but bank did not have it and was paid in gold
and carried it o3'. Dean not seen in his tem
porary office opened in the Chronicle building
or in the City since December 18. Will wire
and write description. Character of the work
same as photographic checks sent you in June,
1893.
The captain obtained descriptions of
Dean from ci lit different people and made
a composite description of him which he
wired broadcast throughout the country.
Arthur H. Dean, about 40 years of age;
weight 163 pounds; height 5 feet 7% Inches';
dark hair; full jet black whiskers, thin and
scraggy near the corners of the mouth; skin of
face dark, palish, sallow, dull looking as if
just out of prison after long confinement ; flesh
puffed up about the cheek bones; eyes medium
size, very dark hazel; uose mediunily promi
nent, rather thick, also full nostrils; speaks
with deliberation in clear, easy, soft
voice; walks with lazy and deliberate
movement; head sets well down on shoulders,
giving an appearance of slightly rounded |
shoulders, or head thrown slightly forward ; :
thick neck, coat collar hitched well up back of I
neck, round build, medium full stomach, legs
about calves rather slight. Is an American; j
may be of slightly German descent. On ac- ;
count of his black whiskers and skin he gives ;
one at first glance the impression of being a ;
Jew or Italian, but the impression disappears i
on close observation. Wore lung dark blue
overcoat, velvet collar, black Fedora hat, also
black Derby, full crown, dark blue diagonal
cutaway, pantaloons pin vertical stripes.
Yesterday Wiley G. Lytle, a boy, called
at police headquarters and made a state- :
ment to Captain Lees and Detective Sey
moor. On December 17 lie was sent for
by the American Labor Bureau, 210
Powell street. He got there about 9 j
o'clock in the morning, and after waiting
for about ten minutes A. li. Dean came in.
He engaged Wiley as an ollice-boy and
took Him to room s<i in the Chronicle
building.
They left the office and walked to Will
& Finck'a on Market street, where Dean
bought a satchel. Afterward they went
to the Nevada stables and hired a rig for
three hours.
They drove through several streets till
they got to the Occidental Hotel. Dean
went into the bar and remained for about
fifteen minutes. Then they drove to the
Nevada Bank on Pine and Montgomery
streets, and Dean went into a saloon and
bad a drink.
Wlien he came out of the saloon he
went into the bank and in a few minutes
returned carrying the satchel, which was
so heavy thai Wiley had to help him in
lifting it into the buggy.
From the bank they drove to either
1329 or 1429 Valencia street, Wiley was not
sure which, and Dean told him he lived
there. He gave him a $10 gold piece to pay
for the rig and told him to keep the change
in payment of his first week's wages.
Dean told the boy not to be in a hurry in
taking back the rig, but to wait till "the
three hours were up and then go hack to
the office. He added that he might not
see him for some days, as he was going out
of town on business. As the boy drove
away he saw Dean standing on the side
walk watching him, and after he was over
a block away he turned round and saw
him still watching him. That was the last
the boy saw of him.
The boy went regularly to the office
every day, and as Dean did not show up
lie thought he had gone away to look
after a patent, as he heard him talking
about one. Yesterday morning the porter
at the Chronicle building told him he had
been "beat," as Dean had committed
forgeries.
On tne morning of December 18, while
Dean was out of the office for a few min
utes, a gentleman called and asked for
him. After Dean returned, the buy told
him a gentleman mid called, and he said
he had met him on the stairs.
Captain Lees will to-day visit the neigh
borhood of Valencia street, where Dean
told the boy he resided, and. endeavor to
iind out something aDout him.
From the long start the forger has got,
the police think it will be a difficult task
to capture him.
In 1835 Davenport, of Vermont, built
an electric railway in Springfield, Mass.
NEW TO-DAT.
WEDDING
GIFTS
-\\\ 11/// And £ngage-
/A \\\\ \lf// mont Presents—
\\\\JM// > >y>^ here are a few
\^^S^m^f suggestions. An
X^i X W' Artistic Lamp
\\|/' and Silk Shade,
>T\ JsV a piece of Rich
vi--*y(j */ J r ' las s. a Hand-
(^^^^^A. -s^i orae Ornament
\ </) V :i «r Onyx Table,
/^w£^^^"-y "\ something use-
/ / ' #f ul and pretty in
V I China — that's
■'■''•", \ JV. "'/the sort of prcs-
N y . (V / ent to make.
*^J» m( " And it's on
*\ S^s : such things es-
/«,"":'- pecially that
-Vy^ you make a j big
-"■Vr- saving by buy-
ing at the Wholesale Price. .i;.''"-v
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shrevc's.
WANOENHEIM, STERNHEin&CO.,
528 and Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
. BKLOW MOXTGO.MERY
NEW TO-DAT— GOODS.
SE3CO3STID "VSTTEIEIK:
OI« OUR
GREAT MIDWINTER
CLEARANCE SALE!
Thus far. the success of our GREAT MIDWINTER CLEARANCE SALE
totally outrivals that of any sale ever held by us, and from morning: to night
of each day since it opened our mammoth establishment has been LITER-
ALLY PACKED WITH BUYERS. ; ; ,
But it could hardly have been otherwise with the EXTRAORDINARY
INDUCEMENTS offered, for there is not a single article in our vast stock
that has not been marked down, and in many cases, as the appended exam-
ples of our THIS WEEK'S SPfcCIALS SHOW, THE MOST STYLISH AND
SEASONABLE GOODS are offered .
AT ALMOST INCREDIBLE REDUCTIONS !
LADIES' CLOTH AND PLUSH JACKETS.
-A.t 1 . 50.
LADIES' JACKETS, made of beaver cloth, plain or trimmed with fur, three-quartM
lengths, full sleeves, navy, black and tan, worth $5 and $6, reduced to $1 50 eacn.
At 52.50.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER JACKETS, full sleeves, made of plain and diagonal
cloaking, plain or trimmed with fur, navy, black and gray, worth $7 50, reduced to
$2 50 each.
At $3.50.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER JACKETS, made of Kersey, cheviot and beaver cloak-
ing, full sleeves, trimmed or plain, navy, gray and black, worth $3 50 and $10, re-
duced to $3 50 each.
At 42.50,
LADIES' PLUSH JACKETS, three-quarter lengths, worth $10 and $12 50, reduced to
$2 50 each. -C: :i ;:,
LADIES' CAPES, WRAPS AND SUITS.
At $3.50.
LADIES' CAPES, made of boucle cloaking, trimmed with satin and rows of stitching,
worth $8 50, reduced to $3 50 each.
At 1. ©5.
LADIES' WRAPS, long tabs, prettily embroidered, trimmed with fringe, worth $3 and
$10, reduced to $1 95 each.
At 53.50,
LADIES' OUTING SUITS, made of black and navy serge, worth $7 50, reduced to
$3 50 each.
* CHILDREN'S JACKETS.
At
CHILDREN'S JACKETS, light weight cloths, trimmed and plain, navy, red, browa
and tan, eizes 8 to 14 years, worth $2 50, reduced to $1 each.
HOUSEFURNISHINGS, Etc.
POSITIVELY NONE OF THESE GOODS WILL BE SOLD TO DEALERS, as
the prices quoted are in most cases LESS THAN WHOLESALE COST, and we intend
to give our patrons the full benefit of the RARE BARGAINS OFFERED. Country
i patrons should SEND IN ORDERS WITHOUT DELAY, as those who wait for sam-
ples are liable to rind lines exhausted when orders finally reach us. .•
Oixt to S Conts a "y«.x*d..
500 pieces GOOD GRADE TENNIS FLANNELS, large line of colorings, reduced
from 7%c.
Cut to & Cents a> TTarci.
4 cases EXTRA HEAVY UNBLEACHED CANTON FLANNEL, reduced from 12^c.
Cut to 23 Cents £%, "y«.r-cl..
2 bales HEAVY SCARLET TWILLED FLANNEL, made in California, reduced
from 40c. '•."?; V^ '""".
CJixt to S CoxLts a "Y'a.X'd..
I 500 pieces NICE GRADE STANDARD DARK CALICOES, reduced from B^c.
O-ixt to $2.85 a r«ir.
200 pairs FINE QUALITY BLANKETS, in gray or white, reduced from $4.
Coxt to $3.75 a DE=»«-ix-.
! 4. cases 11-4 FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA WOOL BLANKETS, elegantly finished,
reduced from $5. »...;•
Cixt to 25 Conts a' "TtTa-rcS..
4 cases TABLE DAMASK, full width, well made, in bleached, turkey red or un-
bleached, reduced from 40c and 45c.
Ctx* to 3O Conts T3«.ela.
12 dozen DOUBLE-BED WIDTH BLEACHED SHEETS, well made, 81 inches wide,
reduced from 65c.
§Cut to $1.25 Eacli.
15 bales BED COMFORTERS, nice colorings, filled with clean white batting, reduced
from $1 75.
Cixt to GV4 Coxxts a Tard.
PURE IRISH LINEN CRASH, 17 inches wide, fast edges, close weave, bleached, re-
. duced from 10c. .:,>;■" •
Cut to co Cents a Pair.
200 pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, white or ecru, nice goods, 3 yards long, reduced
from 90c. . * ;....-•
Reduced to 75 Cents JSaoix.
20 dozen 8-4 TURKEY RED TABLE COVERS, well made and good colors, reduced
from $1.
nocluccd to &1.X5 a Dozen.
250 dozen 3-4 IRISH LINEN NAPKINS, 20 inches square, edgea woven fast, reduced
from $1 50.
LADIES' UNDERWEAR AND WAISTS.
At 35 Cents.
50 dozen LADIES' CHEMISES, made of heavy muslin, neck finished with cording,
regular price 60c, will be closed out at 35c each.
At 4O Cents.
40 dozen LADIES' GOWNS, made of heavy muslin, lined back, tucked yoke, all seams
finished, regular price 65c, will be closed out at 40c each.
At 65 Cents.
30 dozen LADIES' GOWNS, made of Wamsutta muslin, lined yoke, front of gown
trimmed with embroidery, regular price 85c, will be closed out at 6oc each.
At 75 Cents.
25 dozen LADIES' DRESSING SACQUES, made of fancy striped and figured flannel,
■ ette, regular price $1 25. will be Closed out at 75c each.
•:%r'-'r . -.'. At $4.50.
! LADIES' WAISTS, made of fancy striped silk, full sleeves, made in the latest style,
regular price $6 50, will be closed out at $4 50 each.
CHILDREN'S COATS.
-A.t 53.50.
CHILDREN'S EIDERDOWN COATS, lined throughout, full sleeves, deep sailor col-
lar, regular price $5, will be closed out at $3 50 each.
FRAMES BOOKS, ETC.
At 1O Cent<3.
PLUSH AND IMITATION LEATHER, WOOD AND CELLULOID FRAMES, sold
during the Holidays for 20c, will be closed out at 10c each.
At 3O Cents
7x5 GILT FRAMES, with handsome Chromos, sold during the Holidays for 35c, will
be closed out at 20c each.
At S5 Cents.
HAND-PAINTED FRAMES, ribbon trimmed, in all new colors, sold during the Hol-
idays for 50c, will be closed out at 25c each.
A.% SO Cents.
PHOTOGRAPH BOOKS, with silk Dresden covers, value during the Holidays 35c,
will be closed out at 20c each.
At 5 Cents.
§ CHILDREN'S PICTURE BOOKS, in five different series, sold during the Holidays
for 10c, will be closed out at 5c each.
-A.T ZZA.IJX 1 Jr»JbtlC^3.
ALL FANCY GOODS, including Games, Books and Fancy Novelties, will be placed
on our center tables and closed out at one-half price.
EF"See Chronicle and Examiner for Additional Bargains,.
/ B/gH^^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
\f[f ffiarKßt Street, comer of Jones, /
&A.JST PR.ANCIBCO.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDdE, ;
Editor and* Proprietor. ", .;•■•'„'.' v-V--
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
rs'ly and Sunday Cau, one wrok.tu- carrier..
Daily and Sunday Caix, one ypar. by mall 6.00
Dally end Sunday Cam, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Calt., three months by mail 1.50
I'ally and Sunday Cam,, one month, by mall.. .65
Eunday Cali,, one year, by mall , 1.50
W EEXLY Caix, one year, by mail 1.50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Pan Fraucisco, California.
S'tlepbone Main-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS .
617 Clay Street,
Telephone - Maln-1574
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 MontFOmery 6treet, corner Clay: open nntll
»:S0 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 I*rkia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc-W. corner Sixteenth and Mission' streets; open
tiitil f> o'clock.
1.618 Mission strwt; open nntil 9 o'clock.
ilt» Mnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
SOS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Jlooms SI and 32, 34 Park Bern, Xew York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agenu
TUESDAY JANUARY 7, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
In every new chapter of diplomac}' the
plot thickens.
The goldbugs have evidently got a fat
thing in Grover.
"Johnny get your gun" has become an
international chorus.
If we do not recognize Cuban independ
ence before long, Spain will see it first.
As the financial clond grows darker the
silver lining on it becomes more visible.
It comes high to keep a gold reserve and
a Democratic administration at the same
time.
The quarrel between England and Ger
many makes a happy new year for the
Turk.
If all the world is against England it is
because England has been against all the
world.
The San Joaquin Railroad will be a com- j
peting road this year in business as well as j
in name.
England may yet be willing to give Con
stantinople to Russia for the sake of assist
ance elsewhere.
It will take a very high tariff for the next
thirty years to pay the debt the free-trad
ers have rolled up.
With the new loan the third term talk is
put under additional bonds to shut up and
quit disturbing the pe.
The new issue of bond? is to be what
financiers call 'a popular loan," but that
is not what the people call it.
In the European concert every nation
has hanged its harp on a willow tree and
begun to blow the war trumpet.
So long as Truckee holds the fort the
skate is better than the bicycle and the to
boggan slide is the path of glory.
If England does not help South Africa
that aspiring country may secede and help
herself to all the territory in sight.
The fight against the funding bill is for
California as truly a for independ
ence as that which Cuba is waging.
Salisbury may not make any big dash in
his official correspondence, but his private
letters are likely to be full of little ones.
The war of the free-traders against the
industries of the country increases the Na
tional debt about as fast as any other war
would.
The debt we owe to the Wilson tariff is
to be increased by another $100,000,000 and
the bondholders and 'free-trader? jubilate
together.
The Democratic administration borrows
s-o much money to run the Government it
is hard for local enterprises to get capital
to start with.
The new year may be happy for individ
als, but the nation? have struck a time
when the wood-sawing is hard and the
talk is terrific.
Campos may not be a good general, but
he is a good prophet. He said the war in
Cuba would become aggressive as soon as
the cold weather set in.
Congress has not been able to prevent
Cleveland from issuing another loan, but
it has at least checked his scheme for an
other secret syndicate deal.
Tba Kaiser has an opportunity to make
another proud-stand play by fending en
couragement to the Armenians in their
struggle for religious liberty.
In case of a war between England and
Germany the French would see the advan
tage of occupying Egypt and Alsace and
Lorraine as spectators of the fray.
There never was a time when there were
so many alliances between European na
tions as at present, and yet there is not one
that could be counted on in an emergency.
The Cabinet crisis in Canada is not a big
thing ia itself, but as it was caused by the
religious controversy in Manitoba it is
likely to evolve into another crisis that
may reach a climax in civil war.
It is now in order for Congress to inquire
why Cleveland has offered so big a loan as
that of $100,000,000 in four per cents in
etead of waiting until the Senate had a
chance to pass a bill providing for three
per cent bonds.
The new tariff bill is not a partisan
measure and ought to be supported by
members of all parties in the Senate as a
patriotic duty in order that the country
may be provided with an adequate revenue
and saved from the necessity of further
running into debt.
The Supreme Court of Nebraska has con
firmed the constitutionality of the irriga
tion law of that State, and as a result over
2,Gu0,000 acres of land have been applied
for under its provisions. If such rapid
settlement of Irrigated lands can be accom
plished in Nebraska, why not in Cali
fornia?
There are more reasons than one why
California should be watchful and earnest
in opposing the Huntinjrton lobby, for the
railroad gang is fighting not only the
Nicaragua canal, but every improvement
of a river or a harbor in California that
would tend to make transportation
cheaper and lessen the cinch of the mo-
JQopoljw
THE NEW LOAN.
The House of Representatives has passed
a bill authorizing the administration to
issue bonds at ;> per cent to maintain the
gqld reserve. That bill is now before the
Senate and the committee in charge of it
gave notice last week it would be reported
to tne Senate to-day, lv the face of these
facts Secretary Carlisle has arranged to
borrow at once $100,000,000 at 4 per cent.
There is nothing in the condition of the
treasury that compels this hasty action,
and it can be construed only as a notice
that Cleveland will not approve the bond
bill even if it should be p&seed, and in
tends to go his own way no matter what
Congress may do.
The -bill passed oy the House is an
emergency bill pure and simple. It was
carried through in a session held during
the holidays for the sole purpose of avoid
ing another 4 per cent loan. The action
uf the l'resident in calling for such a loan
in, therefore, practically a nullification of
the intent of the bill while it is yet in the
hands of the upper branch of Congress.
If such an action is not a direct violation
of the prerogative of Congress it ia very
near it, and if Cleveland is not called upon
to answer for it it will be only because the
Republican leaders regard it as a patriotic
duty at this time not to embarrass the
financial affairs of the country by taking
I action that would further discredit the
' administration.
The intent of the bond bill having been
thus forestalled, there is no longer any
reason why the Senate should be in haste
about passing it. The emergency is over
and the bill can now be discussed on its
merits. In that discussioD the range of
debate should be broad enough to cover
the whole subject of Cleveland's loans.
It is a grave offense that the public debt of
the Nation should have been so greatly in
creased in a time of profound peace. There
may have been nothing in these various
loans worse than incorupeterey and mis
management, but the secret syndicate deal
of last year raises suspicions of something
worse. Even the new loan, although it
ostensibly takes the form of a popular sub
scription, has been put forward under cir
cumstances that justify an immediate de
mand on the part of Congress for an
explanation why it was made in such haste
and for so large an amount.
The whole course of the Cleveland ad
ministration in making loans has been not
only unprecedented in our history, but
unnatural to our form of government. He
is not the sole one to blame for the neces
sity of borrowing money, since a free-trade
ress left him without a revenue
sufficient for the needs of the Government,
but he is the person mainly responsible
for the extraordinary methods by which
he Las undertaken to meet the deficit, lie
may not intentionally have worked more
for the interest of Wall 9treet than for the
welfare of the country, but certainly that
has been the result of what he has done.
All bis dealings in this regard have been
distinctly discreditable to the Government
as well as disastrous to the people, and it
Ls high time he was called to account and
made to understand how noar he has come
to those misdemeanors that would subject
him to impeachment.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
The general belief that the Railroad
Committees of the Senate and the Honse
of Representatives will both report favora
bly on the railroad funding proposition is
doubtless well-founded, and if so there
will be waged on the floors of the two
house 3 one of the most memorable battles
in the history of the country. Whatever
preliminary work may be done by. San
Francisco's Committee of Fifty or by some
other citizens working zealously for the
interests of the State, oftieial records that
time cannot efface will be made only by
those Senators and Representatives who
make themselves neard on the floor of
Congress.
It will be an extraordinary opportunity.
Eastern members of Congress who may
champion the rights of the people will be
inspired only by a broad and general sense
of right, but in addition to this the repre
sentatives of California will have the in
terest of the self-preservation of the people
who sent them to "Washington. For the
fate of California now hangs in the bal
ance, and those charged with guarding it
rest under the heaviest responsibility that
was ever taken from a State to the Na
tional Capitol.
The situation is very simple. If a fund
ing bill is passed it must provide for the
gradual extinction of the debt which the
aided roads owe the Government. This
will require a heavy addition to the fixed
charges of the companies, and conse
qtiently will make a raising of transporta
tion charges ari imperative necessity. The
tax must be levied on the industries of our
State. The companies claim that they
have been making no money for a long
time. They have r>aid never a cent of the
principal or interest of the debt, and their
failure to pay at least the interest has in
creased the obligation to the Government
to many times the value of the property.
Not only must provision be made in tariff
charges to pay off the debt under any
funding scheme, and thus impose harder
conditions on California than have ex
isted hitherto, but such a measure would
place it in the power of the companies to
levy any additional charges they may
please for fifty years to come.
The situation is so serious that it is every
Californiau's duty, in simple self-defense,
to employ every reasonable means to avert
the impending calamity. More particu
larly does this obligation rest upon the
California delegation in Congress. We
have come to a struggle for existence, and
the East should be made acquainted with
the fact. It would be monstrous — laying
our own interests aside— if the country at
large should be denied the benefits of the
luxuries which California would be able to
pour into its lap if its production were
not held in check by private greed and
power.
A FLANK MOVEMENT.
If a dispatch from London may be cred
ited, England is preparing a coup that will
prove far more serious to the United States
than the Venezuelan boundary muddle.
The news is that Great Britain is in
triguing with the government of Nicara-
qua to rescind the agreement existing be
tween it and the American company
having charge of the Nicaragua canal and
to turn the privileges over to British cap
italists.
The announcement is hardly credible,
but that does not affect the gravity of the
situation. If such an arrangement should
be consummated it would be no worse than
acceptance by the American company of
English capital with which to construct
the canal, in the absence of assistance
from the United States. With English
capital would go English protection and
control, and with these a more serious
thrust at the Monroe doctrine than is rep
resented in the Venezuelan boundary dis
pute.
The American company is in an ex
ceedingly embarrassing position. It
cannot induce American capitalists to
come to its assistance, and yet Eng
lish money is ready for the asking,
so the company is now waiting m
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1896.
the hope that the United States Govern
ment will advance the needed funds and
assume control of the canal. This wotild
not only keep England's hands off the
canal but would enable our Government to
control in a measure the commerce be
tween the Atlantic and Pacific seaboards
of the United States ana secure the pro
tection of the weak and constantly threat
ened republics of Central and South
America.
The only opposition to Government aid
and control of the canal comes - from
sources friendly to the interests of the
powerful transportation companies which
control the transcontinental railroads and
the Isthmus of Panama. That the power
thus exercised in the shaping of Congres
sional legislation is enormous, and greater
now than ever before, is a fact which re
cent happenings have established beyond
question. The great pool which has re
cently been formed to include all the
Eastern trunk lines indicates the extent to
which the railroad power of the country is
consolidating, and is merely the beginning
of an arrangement to include the overland
roads.
Even as it is, all the trunk lines of the
country are friendly and are able to throw
the weight of their combined power in the
scale of popular legislation. As English
capital is very largely interested in these
roads it can in a measure dictate a policy
for them which will be to the advantage of
England and the injury of this country.
It is a curious state of affairs which thus
makes it possible for England, through
American railroads, to demand of our
Congress that it shall not come to the as
sistance of the Nicaragua canal.
CANADA'S POSITION.
Canada is one of the reasons why Eng
land will be very slow to provoke a war
with the United States. "While our mili
tary people are talking of the cheerful ease
with which we might seize Canada and
thus destroy the only frontier that exists
between Great Britain and the United
States they fail to take into account the
fact that Canada might anticipate us by
falling willingly and adding her strength
to that of the United States against Eng
land. It is true that Canada could not
oppose an armed invasion .from the United
States, and that if we should seize the Wel
land canal and the Canadian Pacific Kail
way the Dominion would be at our mercy.
England then would need another Wolfe
to scale the Heights of Abraham.
Although the sentiment of Canada is
against annexation to the United States,
and although her system of government is
totally different from ours and would have
to suffer a violent wrenching in the amal
gamation, the internal affairs of Canada
are now in a bad way and a very serious
and portentous division has arisen among
the people. It is all over the use of public
school funds in Manitoba. The fight ha»
been waging for more than a year: it at
last has culminated in the resignation of
seven members of the Cabinet, and this
will likely cause the overthrow of the
present government in elections called to
till their places. This would mean merely
that the policy and influence of the crown
are unpopular with the majority. The
home party has grown strong within re
cent years.
It is a curious fact that Canada is not at all
perturbed over rumors of war between the
United States and England. Within the
last few days there has been a little talk of
increasing the defenses, but there is in
Canada nothing like the interest that
throbs throughout England. This indif
ference is extraordinary. Can it be that
while Canada has no idea of seceding from
the crown it would not seriously object to
being: taken by the United States? Does
England see nothing strange or ominous
m the apathy of its ward? If it does can
this be taken as one of the reasons why
England is so anxious not to precipitate a
light with this country? Canada never
had any great value from our point of
view until the Canadian Pacific was built
and a large share of the traffic of the
Orient was thereby diverted from us; but
England cannot be blind to the fact that
under present conditions it would be
greatly to the advantage of the United
States to secure possession of this great
empire of the north, and that in the event
of war it would be necessary.
PERSONAL.
Ben Hazeltine of Kutter is l>ere.
Daniel Frawley is at the Palace.
The Rev. Samuel Hirst of Vallejo is in the
City.
J. Q. Williams of Lincoln, Nebr., Is at the
Rues.
Ex-Judge J. M. Walling of Nevada City is in
town.
General A. B. Barrett left for Sacramento last
night.
Judge E. U. Bond of New York is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. Wilson Sliiel of I.os Aneeles arrived here
yesterday.
Silas Cole, the contractor, of Sacramento, is
at the Lick.
T. W. Enos of Tacoma is one of the recent
arrivals here.
W. H. Wood, 8. business man of Los Banos, is
at the Occidental.
Marie Walmvright arrived and registered at
the Baldwin llotel yesterday.
D. J. Spence, the wealthy land-owner, of San
Jose and Salinas, is at the Palace.
Among the arrivals here yesterday was John
Sparks of Keno, one of the cattle kings of
Nevada.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 6.— Among recent
arrivals are: W. Emerson. Sturtevant; W. H.
Allen, G. H. Mannell, Holland; Miss F. Butler,
Belvedere: E. E. Haadin and Wife, Bt. Cloud ;
K. M. Smith, Brunswick; Mrs. B. Wackenbutta
and Miss K. Waekenbutts, Ciilsey.
AMERICA.
UjjOn thy broad foundation rest secure.
Thou art not, built ui>on the shifting sand,
But on a roi-k, with flim, onfanlt'rlng liauil,
Was fashioned that which ever shall endure;
For he who laid thy firm foundation-stone,
When storm-clouds gathered, and war's gloomy
night
Put out thp young day's tender, joyous light,
Claaped close a stronger hand guiding his own.
And on that rock was written, chiseled deep,
" Freedom and truth, and God's free air for all !"
Builded on such a rock, thou canst not fall.
Tbo' storms In all their fury 'round thee sweep.
— Floresck A. Jonkk in Monthly Illustrator.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
San Francisco War- Vessels— E. 0., Colma,
San Mateo County, Cal. There have been
built at the Union Iron Works, in this City, the
following named .vessels: Monterey, cost
$1,U28,950; Oregon, $3,180,000; Charleston,
rr 1,017,000; Pan Francisco, $l,42«,OOO, and
Olympia, $1,796,000.
Out of Wedlock— F. A., City. If a man is the
father of a child born out of wedlock and for a
period of five years Has acknowledged the pa
ternity of the child, it is very likely that a
court, on the proper repressntation of the facts,
would compel him to support that child, not
withstanding be might wish to abandon it.
Cak Accopntaxt— N., City. The duties of a
car accountant is to keep an account of the
mileage of each car owned by the company and
also to keep track of all cars that are switched
off to foreign roads. The pay varies according
to the road on which such accountant is em
ployed. On some roads there is a special de
partment for the purpose, while on others a
clerk in the main oflice is able to perform the
duty.
The wife of President Cleveland has a most
mellifluous voice, and an admirer says: "Her
eyeech. is a cpatiuual song without worda."
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
One of the most notable men around the
hotels, and who is oftenest seen at the Occi
dental, is Alexander Duncan, the extensive
mill-owner and merchant of Duncans Mills.
Mr. Duncan was one of the early pioneers of
California, and after his arrival heTe engaged
in the iron business. At length he went to
Sonoma, -where he remained nearly three
decades, amassing large wealth.
Rumor has it that he got $'-'00,000 for hts
mill alone. Anyway, whatever he got by this
transaction and through other business ways,
he has enough and to spare.
His home has been here for several years
now, and he is very well contented to remain
in San Francisco, where lie is known to throngs
of people and has hosts of friends.
He was seated at the Occidental yesterday
talking to his friends, U. R. Thomson, formerly
ALEXANDER DUNCAN, WHO MADE THE FIRST $50 GOLD SLUG.
- Ithed from life by a "Call" artist.]
of the Orpgon Railway and Navigation Com
pany, and Mr. Hiuckk-y, the iron works pro
prietor.
"I came to California in 1350," ho said, "and
shortly afterward engaged in the manufacture
of Iron shutters, doors and iron work.
"I had previously lived in New Orleans ten
years, where I owned an iron factory. 1 had
worked awhile and then started a place of my
own.
"Well, after I got here I continued in the
iron business for four years.
"And I want to tell you that I made the first
$;">0 gold slug that was turned out; that is, I
made the dies which turned it out, which was
the same thing, or better. I was telling this
story recently to a stranger, who thought h<>
knew all about who made the lirst slug,aud he
was inclined to dispute me. 'All right, we
won't argue this,' l said, 'but will let it drop.
I knowl made the first oue, and that is enough
forme.'
"When I quit the iron business here I -went
to Sonoma County, and there I remained many
years. I was protty successful, but am now
satisfied to make my home in San Francisco, a
City which I think is altogether the most
charming of any I have ever known."
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"I have livea a terrible life," she moaned.
"Tell me all," urged the comforter.
"Forty-one years," faltered the miserable
woman.
There was nothing to say except thatit might
have been much worse. — Detroit Tribune.
Some people eet a great reputation for phil
anthropy by inducing other people to let then
give away their money.— Somerville Journal.
'•Are your writings much read?"
"That is what I should like to liudout. As it
is, 1 do not know whether they read my manu
scripts or send them back without reading."—
Boston Transcript.
"He is good-natured, is he?''
"Good-natured? Why, I have known that
man to wear a smiling face when he was speak
ing of taking off a porous plaster."— Boston
Courier.
Figg— lt's a mighty good thing to have a re
tentive memory.
Fogg— That depends. If the memory is yours,
It is a mighty good thing, as you say; but if it
happens to be the property of your wife, that's
another matter.— Boston Transcript.
"Aw, why don't you brace up?" sneered Man
eating Mike at the trembling Sheriff.
"I never hanged a man before," said the
official.
"Wot if you didn't? I never waß huns: be
fore neither, but I ain't makin' no exhibition
of myaelf."— Cincinnati Enquirer.
Miss I'p.rvir-Ni'w— And wouldn't it be splen
did if 1 should catch a lord?
Miss May-Fair— Yes; then you would be a
lady.— London I'iek-Me-Up.
Mrs. Watts— l'm afraid yon don't love work.
Dismal Dawson— 'Deed I do, mum, but I am
so bashful.— lndianapolis Journal.
A DISPUTED GOLD MINE.
The New York Sun gives a view of one of the
gold i lace r mines near the Cuyuni River in
the region which is claimed by both England
and Venezuela. So far as it has yet been
worked this is a poor man's Kold country, for
almost no machinery has been introduced and
only the rude methods of extracting alluvial
gold are yet employed.
The regfon first became the center of interest
to miner 3 in 1885, and there was at once a
considerable inpouring of the British residents
Disputed Gold Mine, Claimed by Two
Countries.
ot Guiana. No sooner had those new prold dis
coveries been made than England found out
that her agents who had previously assigned
limits to her territory had been bo- stupid as
not to claim nl! the country she was entitled
to. But the blunder was easily remedied, and
hardly a year elapsed before British Gttlna
had waxed greatly. This was in 1885-80, and
it became the duty of the British flag, before
1886 was ended, to float over about 30.000
more square miles of South American soil.
PARAGRAPHS AND PEOPLE.
In reply to a question in what European city
ho would like to live. Mascagni, the musical
composer, recently replied; "from 9 to 11,
London; from 11 to 5, Paris; from sto 7, Vi
enna: from 7 to 10, Budapest, and after 10,
Berlin."
The Queen Regent of Spain calls young King
Alfonso "Bubby," though the Spaniards spell
the word "Bubi."
Mrs. Keeley, the veneraDle actress, whose
ninetieth birthday was recently celebrated in
j London, sang the "Mermaid Song" in a per
! formance of "Oberon," conducted by Weber
I himself, in 1826.
The King of Portugal, during hia recent visit
j to Berlin, was appointed colonel of a Prussian
| regiment. Nearly all the sovereigns of Europe
and many members of their families are hon
ary otticers of Prussian troops.
It is not generally known that during the
years of 1841 and 1842 an actress presided In
the White House as hostess. She was the wife
of Robert Tyler, private secretary to his father,
the President. She had been a Miss Cooper,
playing Virginia in her father's "Virginius."
When, in his last year as President, Tyler re
married, she retired as hostess.
H. N. Pillsbury, the Brooklyn chess cham
pion, who is winning new laurels at St. Peters
burg, maintains his wonderful control of his
nervous system by great care in his habits. He
eats meat but once a day, never drinks any
thing stronger than milk, is abstemious in the
use of tobacco, and always sleeps at least seven
hours out of the twenty-four. He is an advo
cate of bicycle riding in a limited amount as
conducive to perfect health.
A TAILOR COSTUME.
Thejacket heredescribed haslhe newest and
host features of this season's coats. The skirt is
full in the back, the front is in the stylish cut
away style, and the sleeves are made in the
new way, with a seam from the shoulder to the
wrist. The jacket may be worn with fitted
vests, as shown here, with the pretty blouse
fronts, or over thin pilk or cotton waists
Made of mixed cheviot or tweed, with a plain
skirt as here shown, it is the most useful of
gowns, serving for traveling and general wear.
A jaekt-t of plain blue, black or brown cloth,
with a plaid or checked skirt, is extremely
stylish and useful.
For an extra jacket to wear with any skirt
plain cloths are preferred; and tans, "brown
ana black are most useful, harmonizing with
other colors more generally.
The skirt is appropriate for making entire
suits, or for separate skirts. It is cut with a
circular front and three godet folds in the
back.
The skirt pattern is a very fine model for
separate skirts 01 satin or crepon to wear with
extra waists. It is also a good shape for silks
or other goods to wear with any waist.
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c lb. Townsend's.*
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Presa
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. "
Foe men whose natures have been expanded
by social pleasures Argonaut whisky is made,
and it is by these that Argonaut is used. It is
a gentleman's drink, tne conscientious product
of distillers who know that in order to main
tain a high reputation for a particular article
they cannot afford to turn out any but a pure,
wholesome and beneficial whisky. The fact
that physicians prescribe it Is sufficient to in
dicate its quality. E. Martin & Co., 411 Mar
ket street. •
A Big I'jiilnrr.
The result of too much expense in the station
ery department is very common. J. C. Itowe,
commercial printer, 030 Clay st., never fails to
give satisfaction in style and prices. Phone 5939
The approximate number of sheep in
New Zealand on April 30 last year was
19,767,000, being a decrease of 4,635,000 com
pared with the previous year.
"ltHrrM.vrisM is a painful and weakening disease
due to impure blood. Keep the blood pure by
taking Hood's Parsaparllla and you will prevent
und avoid the puins of rheumatism.
CHICAGO LIMITED.
VIA SANTA FE ROUTE.
A npw train throughout begins October 29.
Pullman's finest sleeping-cars, vestibule reclining
chair enrs and dinins-cars. Los Angeles to Chi
cago, via Kansas City, without change. Annex
cars on sharp connection ior Denver and St.
Louis. Twenty-seven hours quicker than the
quickest competing train. Tho Santa Fe has been
put in line physical condition and ia now the best
transcontinental railway.
Seccrk a sound mind, which seldom goes with
out a sound digestion, by using Dr. tsiegcrt's
Angostura Bitters.
Fob iRRrTATiov of the Thkoat, caused by
Cold or use of the voice, "Brown's Bronchial
Troches " ar« exceedingly beneficial.
DANGEROUS CHEAP GOODS
The Threatened Japanese Manu
facturing Invasion Dis
cussed.
WILL ASK CONGRESS TO ACT.
The Citizens' Investigating Committee
Preparing a Very Interesting
Report.
The business men of the city do not
intend to overlook the danger that is
threatening the entire community through
the importation of cheap Japanese-made
goods. The ('alt, was among the first to
sound the alarm and warn the public of J
the danger. The Manufacturers and Pro- j
ducers' Association took up the matter in 1
earnest, fully realizing that the articles
made by Japanese coolies would sooner or
later cause wholesale ruin among the man
ufacturers and laboring classes in thisjeoun
try.
In order to face the situation and find
what steps can be taken to avert the dan
ger before it is too late, the association
called upon the business men of the com
munity to meet and discuss the question.
Within a short time a committee of ten
representative men was formed consisting
of: Hugh Craig of the Chamber of Com
merce, W. B. Curtis of the Traffic Associa
tion, Julian Sonntag and A. Sbarbaro of
the Manufacturers and Producers' Asso
ciation, E. L. Fitzgerald, the Labor Com
missioner, and George H. Collier, "\V. 1".
Bowers, John Rutherford, Wakefield
Baker and J. P. Currier, representing
manufacturing and business house.*.
Yesterday this committee met, with the
exception of Mr. Collier. Fred H. Dingie
officiated as secretary. Mr. Craig, the
chairman, read several newspaper articles,
which showed that the price of labor in
Japan is so small that the products of all
labor can be sold anywhere in the world
at prices that -will drive ail manufacturing
ana productive industries to the wall.
Julian Sonntag made a suggestion that
he has advanced before, by which the
question may be made plain to all. He
favored asking Congress to appoint a
special committee to go to Japan and
make a thorough investigation of cheap
Japanese labor, where the bulk of the
goods are sold. Those coming to the
United States should be traced to the final
purchasers. In this way the full force of
the danger can be learned and by the com
mittee reported to Congress, where such
measures for safety and protection shall !
be taken. Mr. Sonntag called particular
attention to the fact that there are no
patent laws in Japan, and the United
States should do something in the way of
Drotecting its inventors from the Japanese.
He did not want the matter to be regarded
as a political or a tariff matter, but solely
in the interests of protection.
Mr. Curtis and Mr. Fitzgerald agreed
with him with reeard to the patent mat
ter, saying that the Japanese can dupli
cate any American article cheaper than it
can be produced anywhere else in the
world. Nearly every one of the committee
could tell of articles that they had heard
of that bears out these statements. For
example, girls are paid about 3 cents a day
for making the various parts of a watch.
A watch that in the United States would
cost from $30 to ?- r >C is made in Japan and
retailed at n profit for $8 and $10.
J. P. Currier, one of the committee on
Japan's supply of raw silk and other ma-*
terials, presented the following interesting
report:
Kaw silk— From July 1, 1893, to December
18, 107,:>32 Japune>e bales were receii
the port of Yokohama. Of this amount -
bales were reshaped to the interior for horn":
consumption. [Note— A Japanese bale con
tains an average oi 0873 pounds, which is one
half the average size ot export bales. Export
bales average 138££ pounds each.]
From July 1, 18:);j to December 18 the total
exports of raw silk from Yokohama was IJT.iiGT
bales, or jiiculs, eomaininfir 133}£ pounds,
against 31,979 bales during the same period in
1804, and 123,073 bales during the same period
in 1893. Or the amount exported Europe
bought 14,182 bales in 1593, 13,095 In 1894
14,495 in 1893. The United States bought *J3 -
085 bales in 1895, 1^.014 in 1894 and 9178 in
lb!>:s. flaw silk stork remaining unsold in
Yokohama on December IS, 1895, 16.53H
bales.
Leather— Fntil a comparatively recent date
Japan has been a purchaser and importer of
leather. A considerable quantity of leather
has in the past been snipped from San I'rau
eisco to Japan. At the present time thero are
four large, extensive tanneries — two at Robe
ami two at Osaka. These tanneries are doing
a large and extensive business, and with
smaller tanneries throughout the country are
now supplying a large amount of the leather
consumed.
From present indications the exports of
leather from this port to Japan are rapidly
growing less and soon there will probably be
no demand for imported leather. Two weeks
ago a representative from Yokohama, Jav-nu,
was in this City and stated that he had pur
chased at retail samples of all the latest de
signs and novelties in fancy leatner purses ami
leather traveling-bags, which he was going to
take to Japan and duplicate, lie stated mat
he was in a position to duplicate anything in
leather at a much less price than now exists in
this market.
Coal— ln investigating the coal supply of
Japan 1 am informed that we have nothing to
fear from that source. The principal steam
coal of Japan is sold on board steamers in Yo
kohama at from $4 to !ft 50 per ton, win
eral cargoes have been shipped to the port of
San Francisco the cost when delivered at thi>.
port has exceeded the cost of other coals.
Mr. Baker supplemented the report by
stating that the supply of Japan's coal i's
unlimited. While there is no fear of the
Japs shipping this fuel, the supply for
manufacturing purposes there la a menace
to this country. The iron and copper re
sources of the country are also almost in
exhaustible, but at present are undevel
oped. With the latter developed, ana coal
so cheap, and skilled labor obtainable for
a few cents a day the outlook for this coun
try in manufacturing lin«?s is*noi encour
aging. There are a number of firms in the
East who are shippine their plants to
Japan in order to get the benefit of cheap
labor that they may send back the manu
factured goods and undersell competitors.
Mr. Curtis spoke of nine carloads of Japan
ese-made buttons that have be«n recently
sent East, and added that the Japs are
large purchasers of bone and horn for this
industry.
Mr. Bowers spoke of the dangers arising
from Japanese cotton and rubber-mac!"
goods. If the little brown man desires he
can rout all the Caucasian manufacturers
in the world in the productions of ttii^
line.
Mr. Craig added that in 1895 there wov
1,500,000 spindles «nd 780,000 looa-.s in the
empire. Japan has been drawing a Jartre
amount of cotton from the United States
but India comes in for a large amount of
the patronage for this stapie.
The question arose as to the reliability
of the statistics so far obtained, and Mr.
Fitzgerald said that there are practically
no statistics here as to the condition of
Japanese labor. It was suggested that the
United States instruct its Ministers and
Consuls to secure the necessary statistics.
Among other measures favored was that
of forming a new treaty with Japan in
which American patents should be re
spected.
Upon the recommendation of Mr. Sonn
tag Professor George Davidson was added
to the general committee, because of his
extensive knowledge of the Japanese.
It was decided to adjourn until Thurs
day, January 16, in order to give the
several Bub-committees time to prepare
their special reports, from which a general
report will be compiled.
The water supply of London is 175,000,
--000 gallons a day; the water supply of
Paris is 100,000,000 gallons a day; the
water supply of New York is 190,000,000
gallons a day. New York stands at the
head of the ihree chief cities in this par
ticular.
. :...... key? TO-DAY.
SHOES
— TO —
4 2
O-b'lV
AT OUR
STOCK
TAKING
CLEARANCE
SALE!^
SAIPLEIUOTATIONS :
1600 pairs Hand-turned and Hand-
welted Button for Ladies, assort-
ed varieties, all $6, $5 Ai r A
and $4 goods, reduced VI K l l
to OIiUU
Laird, Schober & Mitchell's Hand-
turned Button, pointed toe and
tips, sold elsewhere Aj f\f\
at $5.00. During the J^QQ
sale - -.-- . . tP^riUU
/"';■-'■
French Dongola Button
tip, square and point- AJ "7 ft
ed toe, worth $2.50, \ I fII
reduced to - - - -ItllSlU
Wright & Peters' French Stitched
Louis XV heel, button, hand-
turned, cloth top, Aft t\t\
square toe and tips, \ * li
reduced to - - - -^UIUU
Heavy Goat School Shoe, splendid
wearer :
MISSES', Hto2 - - $1.20
CIIILDS', Bto 10', - - 95c
CHILDS', sto IVi - - - 80c
Come early. Get your pick of
styles and sizes. You'll be repaid.
738=740 Market Street
AfafffioKS'To-rrf^ Km
\-S WLWMW? of- ■ Wg
m <S/f//?AS. lH^
1 tr A , p g
IMB-
I MARK
ALLSTORES.fcutTADTSR Bros. Mfo. SF.C".
\ --«i«
ORATEFUS— COMFORTXH&
EPPS'S COCOA
BREAKFAST-SUPPER
'"P A THOROUGH KNOWLEDGE OF THB
■ ■XJ natural luv.g which govern the operations^
digestion and nutrition, and by a careiul applica-
tion «f the lino properties of well-selected Cocoa.
Mr.L.ppg has provided for our breakfast and snpp«r
| a delicately flavored beverage, which may s»ve ug
i many heavy doctors' bills. It Is by the Judicious
I uso of such articles of diet that a constitution ma-
, be Kraduaily bum up unill strong enough to resist
every . tendency t0 disease. Hundreds of subtle
maladies are floating around us, ready to attack
wherever there is c weak point. We may «gcap«
many a fatal Ona t by Weeping ourselves well forci-
tied with pure "blood and a properly nourished
: fran^e."— Civil Service Gazette.
I Alida simply with boilinc tvater or tnllfc. Sold
I ®. n yin half-pound tins, by RToeers. lib Pled thus:
tfASItS KPPS & CO.. Ltd., Homoeopathic
I CUemlsts, London, ingliuci. ™ a:o P» lnl0
I Elf's Cream BalappjlSJl
ripHii«e«» tlie Nasal iWSj^eTfy/ *te& 1
Passages, Allays Pain Puz^rvr^lFtS^J
ami Inflammation, ts^-^ •?&£;&
; R«?«tt>re-. the Senses of ilfi-A. is, £L3',^H
Taste and Smell. . $*> .X TM
Heals the Sores. BjML -<<^^^H
Apply li;ilm Into each nostril ISlH&rv^^^^M
| ELY BROS,sewarren st,N.Y B^!_^^!—
RIGGS HOUSE,
: \A7"nsliinstoix, I>. G.
The Hotel "Par Kxcellence"
Of the Ratio**! Capital. I'irst class in all appoint-
ments. v WITT. 'f reaa.
American plan, $3 per day and
upward.
. THE 65th SEMI-ANNUAL TERM
OF THE URBAN SCUOOT., AT 212-1 CALN
fornia stret-t, will begin on MOXDaY j»' n «*
1 896. Mr. C. Brier will begin bis lectures on r'hvl
sics early In the cominur year, a department for
I very youn S boys will be »dd«d to theschoo'
j .NATHAN AY. MOORE, Pricnipal.
yWSPECIAjJ
(f TUESDAY.
|y GOOD TO-DAY ONLY.
I J The best new Imported
B Zante Currants, in bulk,
\!k lie delivpry in City limita. .
J.Jj . Our Price List at your command.
F% SMITH'S CASH STORE,
■** 4 1 4, 416 and 418 Front St., S. F.] JANt AKY 7, 1896 ■
AMUSEMENTS.
PAintriN Thkatkr.— "Danphters of Eve."
fAi-rroRKT* Thkatkb—" VirKinius."
L'OLrMBiATHi Tbe liOSt Paradise."
Monnscn's OrEiiA-UousK— ."The Furtive"
Tivoli Opeba-Housk.— "lx!on;or, The Man of
the W heel."
•jKiiiKiM.-Hisn-Class Vr.urtpvillc.
Bbovi Alcakar.— "My Trecious Baby."
MArroNoroH Theater (Oakland) — Klce'a
Bie-U9-.». '
mioimr CnnFs.- Daily at Halght street
ii «- i ock e«al of the I'urk.
1 ay liisTßitT Track.— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Wiij E. KisnKß * Co.— This day (Tuesday),
Turkish Rug% «t 16 1>O3! St.. at 2:00 p. M.
By Kn. ft Co. — Wednesday, January 8
tlinrouchbred racehorses, at Bay District Track
at 1 r. ye.
By Yon Bhkin Co.— Thursday, January 16,
r.eKl Estate, at Salesroom, 513 California street,
at 1- o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
The Women's Federation held an interesting
meeting.
Henry *•■ Podge is re-elected as president of
the Board of Education.
■.\ mission day school will open on the
Bt. in the Y. -M. C. A.
I>r Maximilien Schumann, the explorer, tells
fome in:, resting adventures.
"Xobby 1 Clarke has li'.ed a petition in insol
ith the County clerk.
Rev. Pr. 'ioorge 1.. Shearer, secretary of the
■ an Tract Society, is in the City.
lii'lu'o Charles W. Slack has been elected
dgeoi the Superior Court.
Home missions and foreifm work were dis
at preachers' meetings yesterday.
The judges of the coming field trials, to be
: ar Bakersfleld on January -jo, lm ■• •
oted.
Satisfactory reports from interior Chinese
ins were :>-ad yesteraay at the Woman's
tal Hoard.
Democrats are actively preparing for the
pri maries of next Saturday night. The situa
■ [airly peaceful.
The Pension Commissioners ol the Police
Department met last night and retired one
officer from active duty.
Miss Mattfe Overman declare* that the re
ports about her - he north are with
out foundation in fa tt.
The Congregate ersof the Monday
Club] n of the Venezue
lan question > esterday.
The suit of Crittendon Thornton apainst
J. '■. Wickersham f< counsel fees has been sub
iwall.
The winn< ay District track yester
day vi Glenn, Red Root, Lo
gan, Cm -■ "ay-
Unsettled weatner, probably with showers,
Ftai;< ■ " utheasterly winds,
j? the v i • for to-day.
General Don Ramon Sarario. a prominent
:: i ■! Guatemala, died in this city
and wa>- buried yesterday.
In the p.nnv.al nlection at the Academy of
mbers" ticket was elected,
and Dr. Harkness iwis defeated for director.
The boys in the vicinity of the Halsrht-street
c been seized with the chute fever
and have built two in opposition to the main
• i f the IVnee Kerrigan rendered an
■■ - yesterday on the liabilities
• n to protect the poods of their
Dr. J c. Anthony of the Chronicle building
vhs arrested yesterday for battery and whs re
in.- own recognizance by Judge
< onlan.
John P. Wilson now comes forward to claim
ithors-hip of "I)at New Bully," wnich
Miss Ms;. trwin claimed was written for her by
some one else.
Many prominent Christian ladies spent a
pleaeant, Bociable evening with the inmates of
alab Rescue Home in Kast Oakland last
Saturday evening.
By agreement The transcontinental lines
: to advance rates on certain east
commodities, au.l the Pacific Mail will
tly fo I"\\ salt.
\V x. Murphy, who complicated the prosecn
■ er by omitting to file tne in
formation in lime, has re^igm-ii from the Dis
trict Attorney's office.
•:.!>ia l'istol and Kirle club held its
annual election ln-t evening and ie-tle<ted its
.rd of officers. The dub also adopted F.
O. Young's new point target.
Hugo Toland has answered the contest of
Charles (rridley ot t lie wil! of his mother,
Mary B. Toland. In- a general denial of the
allegations of the complaints.
Samuel Thompson, the aared news-dealer.
charged with felonious assault upon little
girls, attempted to bang himself in his cell in
-•■ rday morning.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany has decided to keep the steamer South
roast regularly in service between here and
Portland via Coos and Humboldt bays.
A resolution introduced by Supervisor
Sire< - ■ .:.g Cpngress to pass the mm■
'; by California Representa
■ y the toard yesterday.
Peter F. Lane pleaded "not guilty" to the
charge* of fvlonio:: - assault for which he wa>
arraigned before .'urlge Wallace yesterday. A
jnotion to set aside the inJormation for tech
nii.-al defects was tiled.
I'etcT T. Eeculovich is still alter the Bay
I ompany, which, he claims",
ity and County of Sun Francisco
ing iikeirioo.ooo, back license on street
rar> ( p< rated by them.
Charles w. Stein & Co., who recently incor
porated/deaire it understood that they enter
ihf new rm nt business as importers and
<I<-alers in carr'ages, wagons, materials, etc.,
and not as manufacturers.
Chief Crowley has received a letter from
Smith, Decatur, 111., asking for in
formation aDoiii Hurry Kohler, a miner, who
lift-- fallen beir to an estate and is believed to
■I;in or near thi> > •■. .
• nifty Bishop Nicholas of the Greek
lie Church on Powell street, during the
< hristmas service* now being held there,
ordained Father Greenkevicb an arehpriest
and Ijeec'ii Wasileiff a priest.
The people who are supposed to be benefited
by tbe Carl-street branch of the Metropolitan
electric line complain that they are given but
ihe shadow of a service, and they will take
nave the franchise revoked.
No cars are running on Oak street. The
cable line has be"en abandoned. That portion
of Hi* track between the park and I-illmore
street is being converted into an e!ertric line
T he rest of the track may be abandoned.
A counter suit has been brought In the T'nited
Mates Circuit Court by Agent Thomas K. Stat
eler against Sj>ectal Trustee John ChPtwood
Jr , to have himself declared agent and the af
fairs of the insolvent California National Bank
wound up.
Richard Dixon was thrown Jrom Powell-
Ftr'-et car 1115 by Conductor Oosgrave on
December 8,1885, and he has now broueht
suit for .*."iM(H) .lamspes aeainst the Market
t-treet railway Company, because he claims
the conductor acted maliciously.
The case of the Southern Pacific Company
r.|:MinM the liailroad Commissioners to restrain
them fiom reducing freicht rates was com
menced before Judge McKpima in the United
Mutes i ircuit Court yesterday. A number of
nflidaviis were read by both sides.
The committee of business and commercial
men woo are investigating the threatened
dangers of cheap Japanese-made goods enter
ing the United States, met yesterday. They
are preparing a report which will accompany
a memorial asking Congress to assist in the
protection of the manufacturing interests of
the country.
Supreme Court has wiped away the last
■if litigation in the famous Emeric-
Alvarado ■ r.-<- by dismissing the last appeal
pending In the proceedings. This leaves the
■; Uiid involved free to the possession of
Idero under former rulings of the court
and removed the cloud which for lorty years
i.Rs impaired their titles.
Kliznbtth Jnness has been appointed
puimlian of her husband. Thomas A. M.
I nness, and his estate, by Judge Slack, it was
shown thf.t Innesshad run through $5000 in
the lust months and tliat he would soon
have nothing left unless some one was put in
charge of his money. He has a good income
and is expecting a legacy of $1200 very soon.
Fair Will DerUioii Not Ready.
•I idge Slack did not render his decision yes
tiT'iny regarding; the validity of the trust
t lause in the Fair will. A large number of
attorneys had collected when court opened,
Ijiii his Honor's brief and smiling announce
ment of a deferred decision almost cleared the
courtroom. He explained that lie could give
an orfil decision, but that nil the attorneys
Interested would probably be better satisfied
with a written statement. It would take some
time for him to prepare it, and he might notify
them on January \io when it would be ready.
The whole matter was postponed on the court
calendar until February 3.
BAIL RATES TO ADVANCE
Transcontinental Lines Agree on
a New Schedule of
Freights.
THE COMMODITIES AFFECTED.
Their Action Will Be Promptly Fol
lowed by the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company.
By agreement among the transcontinen
tal railroadf eastbound freight rates are to
be advanced.
Such was the announcement made yes
terday by < • F. Pnuirr, general freight
agent of the Southern Pacific Company.
Just wnen the advance is to go into effect,
however, has not been determined, though
tne date is expected to be fixed to-day. It
is almost certain to be within two weeks.
Ever since tlie Panama-Pacific Mail
agreement the various railroads interested
in transcontinental business have been in
telegraphic communication on this sub
ject, seeking a basis to work upon that
would be satisfactory to all concerned.
This was fixed yesterday. It requires, ac
cording to the interstate commerce act,
ten days' notice before rates can be put in
force, so that at the earliest the new rates
can not govern earlier than the 17th inst.
Speaking of the matter Mr. Smurr said :
"It was agreed to-day to make some
changes in eaatbound rates. The date
that they go into effect has not yet been
settled, but will be to-morrow. The sec
retary of our company thought it best to
first confer with the Central Trailic Asso
ciation lines before the rates were put into
effect in their territory.
"We think we ought to take advantage
of the present situation to get something
more out of the business than operating
expenses and a little profit on the trans
portation of freight. It will be. I under
stand, about three months before the
lines operating via Panama will be able to
supplement their present inadequate ser
vice, and we propose to take the oppor
tunity of making a profit on the business
we may do in the meantime."
The commodities to be affected by the
advance are those which form the staple
elements of competition between the
isthmian an the overland carriers. The
changes decided upon are as follows:
The rate on canned goods to Chicago
and the Central Tratlic Association's terri
tory, which lies between Chicago and a
line drawn through Buffalo and Pittsburg
is to be advanced from GO cents to 75 cents
per 100 pounds, and on borax to the same
points from 50 to 7.~> cents.
To New York the rates on barley, boracic
acid, borax, canned poods, mustard seed,
wine in glass and wood, beans and wheat
are to be advanced from 50 cents to 75
cents per 100 pounds, and on brandy in
wood from «>0 to B5 cents.
The Chicago, points west of Chicago and
to points in the territory of the Traffic
Association the rates on canned goods
will bu changed from t>;> cents to 7f> cents
per 100 pounds.
To Chicago and points west of Chicago
the rate on borax and boraric acid will be
raised from 50 cents to 75 cents.
Kates to the seaboard territory, viz.,
that lying between Buffalo and the At
lantic, vrill be a combination of the New-
York rate und t he rate out from New York.
It was known that it was only some
such action as that now announced that
prevented the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company from putting its proposed change
of rates via Panama into effect, and it can
now be stated that the Pacific Mai! will
follow closely the Southern Pacific Com-,
pany in making public its proposed ad
vance. And it is acknowledged that the
same differential will be maintained that
is now in force, viz., $3 a ton or 15 cents per
100 pounds. This means ttiat the 75-cent
rate of tiic railroad company will be met
by a GO-cent rate by the Pacific M;iii
Steamship Company.
On the rail rates the advance will range
from about 10 per cent to .50 per cent, while
the isthmus rates will be increased about
70 per cent.
General Freight Agent Smurr stated
that the advanced rates would certainly
remain in force until the steamship people
were able to handle all the business offered
them; but should the steamship line ad
vance the rates so as to maintain a suitable
differential these new rates would be per
manent. As the Pacific Mail has signified
its intention to join the railroad peopfce in
a movement to advance rates and main
tain them, it may be considered that the
figures quoted will remain unchanged for
some time to corae.
AT THE CITY PLAYHOUSES.
Warm Reception to the Fraw
leys at the Columbia
Theater.
Marie Wainwright in " Daughters of
Eve " at the Baldwin— Louis James
at the California.
Enthusiasm of the most cordial type
marked the greeting accorded the Frawley
company last night at the Columbia. The
happy choice for an opening production
was Henry C. dc Mille's "Lost Paradise."
The play is a powerful drama in three
acts and abounds in situations which give
the participants as many chances to dis
play tine bits of work. The plot is a
strange mingling of love and labor,
capital and covetousness, so skillfully in
terwoven as to captivate tne audience
at the very start and kee{f* its inteiest an
il iminisned till the curtain falls. Perhaps
the second act is the strongest in the
piece. There i«, to be sure, something ap
proaching the spectacular In the lurid
view of the iron works in operation, but
the view is brief, and the power of the act
lies rather in the finely contrasted char
acter studies in which it abounds. To
ward the close there is much loud and ex
cited talking, but, as the Frawleys never
rant, this portion, while forceful in the
extreme, has nothing In common with the
barnstorminjr methods occasionally seen.
Daniel Frawley's best dramatic finish is
seen to splendid advantage in the part of
Reuben Warner, while he finds a most ex
cellent foil in Eugene Moore's portrayal of
Ralph Blandish, a polished, despotic, and
in general eminently villainous villain.
Miss Jennie Kennark as Margaret Knowl
ton, and Miss Hope Ross as Polly
Fletcher, invest their exacting parts with
a certain charming individuality which
gains them much applause. As: for the
other members of the cast, some are better
than others, but all are good, which is
saying a great deal nowadays.
At the Baldwin.
Marie Wainwright, always dainty and charra
ing, seemed to have taken on tome new and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1896.
poient faKination as slie bowed in graceful
recognition of the ovation which greeted her
last night Ht the Baldwin. She appeared in
Magnus' and Lancaster's play, "The Daughters
of l-.ve, " Hiul sustained her part in a manner
well wormy of her distinguished dramatic
record. The piece is one of the English so
ciety dramas now so popular, and is by
no means lacking in power. Dorothy Thorri
ton as Lady Harlowo and Lieia Hill 'as Jane.
are able supports to the gifted leading lady:
while among the men. Barton Hill as Mr. Wy
cherley and Alfred Burnham as Dr. Vesey are
deserving of mention for efficient, faithful
work. The remaining parts are in the whole
well token, though in some instances a slight
tendency to stagy methods may be observed.
The piece is well staired, ana the costumes
most artistic and tasteful.
At the California.
Louis James never fails to attract a refined
and appreciative audience; hence the an
nonncement that he would open last night in
"Virsinius" sufficed to secure a full house.
The play is an old one, but last night's pro
duction was new and fresh in one respect at
least; it adhered in all its details to the most
correct classical models, and seemed unmarred
try a single one of those exasperating anach
ronisms so frequently met in plays composed
on antique lines.
The costumes were rich and graceful and
the stage effects good. As for the support, it
was ri least fnir. Miss Kruger made a good
Virginia, while Mr. Harris as Appius Claudius
and Richard Waite as Marcus played their
parts urelL Mr. .lames' Virginias was of course
all that could be. desired, and he threw him
self into this role so entirely as to make the
character peculiarly his own. To-morrow night
"Marmion" will be presented.
At the Alcazar,
French comedy is always brilliant and "My
Precious Baby" is no exception. The Alcnzar
mnnagement are certainly to be congratulated
upon having secured this sparkling production
for their stage. The strange en'angleuients
which form the plot center about a fond
mother's efforts to keep her precious "baby" of
21 years from falling into the traps which be
set the feeiot young men. Though exquisitely
funny the production is absolutely free from
any taint 01 vulgarity, and gives ('-nances for
Minn- pieces of good work.
Camilie Cleveland, a new acquisition to the
Alcazar Company, Mina Gleason and the other
lady members of the. cast did well last night,
while Mr. drover Jr. made a charming mam
mas boy. Messrs. Gleason and Snow made
some good hits in their respective roles, but
some of the other characters were not quite
perfect. The piece is well staged and appears
destined to succeed.
At Morosco'3 Opera-House.
Tom Craven's comedy drama, "The Fugi
tive," which has the distinction of being not
only fifty years old, but at the same time the j
first drama of the kind that ever had a success- I
ful run in London, was presented to the first- j
nighters at the (irand Opera-House last night. !
The play is strong, inasmuch ns the comedy
and the tragedy Rre equally distributed
throughout, and the nudicuce do not tire of
either. It is well staged, and, aside from a
Imrc suggestion ot weakness In the lust act. is
worth seeing. The stage settings, particularly ;
those in the first act, are better than any
latterly seen at the Grand, and indicate that
the scenic artists know how to lighten up a stage.
The shipwreck is very exciting and realistic!
The cast is too well known to San Frauciscans
to need much praise. Coulter Hrinker as .lack
Leavitt. the fugitive, is good, while Charles
Swain knows mat he hfis the audience ri^lit
where he wants it— with him. Miss Hall as
Hester Malcolm individualizes the part and
gives it much dramatic force. The others are
not injuring themselves or tile house by their
acting mid the play will do a good business
this week.
At the Tivoli.
The spectacular burlesque "Ixion" has un
doubtedly made a hit <>r it would not continue
to puck the house. There are sonic very clever
lines in ihe piece, and Ferris Hartmann lms
to go off between acts and laugh himself out for
the next. It is n case of lauuh between every
line and also between the acts.
j Alice Carle looks her part and acts very
much liken man, considering the fact that she
has the disadvantage of being a woman. .lack
Kaffnel is made up like a mythological dude in
1 the part of Jupiter, ex-officio King of Olympue,
I bat when Rafiael Lifts his voice in song the
glitter of his togs pales into dullness- and the
i spanglea cease to shine when he takes his high
notes and allows the audience to feel that they
are getting their money nock. There nas never
been any doubt about Raffael being a strong
(!ir.| for the Tivoli.
The scenic effect.*, particularly the ascent of
three of the cast from the palace ol Jupiter to
the clouds, v:h the bird route, always create
plentiful applause. Hilly West, us the head
barkeeper of the Olympians, is p?at to the in
convenience of handling property refresb
j ments, but does as well as could be expected
under the strain.
At the Orpheum,
This week the Orpheum opens with some
very strong attractions, particularly Newell
and Phevette on the horizontal bars. They
take the most dangerous Bights from bar to
bar, ami one of them passes clear over the cen
tral pole, leaving the right-hand side from a
giant swingland landing gracefully on the left
in a perfectly confident manner. It is risky,
but lie knows what he Is about.
The Manhattan Comedy Four Quartet in
their trumi> singing captivate the audience
and keep things merry. Clifford and Huth in
their duets in dialect lose no time in getting
in touch with all present. Mist, Huth's negro
•<!V very Diking.
< hie ol the best tilings on the bill is the work i
ofC&ronand Herbert, the grotesque acrobats.
They spur at each other playfully, und it looks
sometimes as though the police would be
called In to stop the fight.
Other numbers art? strong and the whole
programme is excellent.
WORK FOR YOUNG MEN.
The Forty-Third Annual Meeting of
t!ii' Christian Association.
The forty-third annual meeting of the
Young Men's Christian Association of
San Francisco was held at tbe building of
the institution last evening at 8 o'clock,
J. .1. Valentine presiding. The following
directors were elected: C. S. Holmes,
Thomas Magec, J. J. Phster, J. D. McKee,
C. A. Maydweil, I. J. Truman and Wallace
.Bradford.
Officers of the board of directors were
elected as follows: .1. J. Valentine, presi
dent; It. V. Watt and C. 8. Wright, vice
presidents; John P. Merrill, treasurer;
0. A. MaydweiJ, recording secretary.
Charles Hoi brook and S. E. Dutton were
elected to fill vacancies in the incorpora
tion, and Charles Holbrook was elected to
fill a vacancy in the hoard of trustees.
Reports went to show a most aggressive
work accomplished during the past year,
and the committees were actively at work
with the hope of securing suflicient funds
to liquidate the indebtedness of the new
home of the association. A large number
of committees presented reports. It was
stated that $70,000 had been secured in
pledges toward the indebtedness. An
appeal was made through the board of
directors to the citizens of San Francisco
for the balance needed in order to dedicate
the uuilding entirely free of debt.
The meeting was one of the most en
thusiastic for many years. It was re
solved to inaugurate immediately a re
newed canvass for the balance of the
funds necessary. The work is receiving
unqualified indorsement and substantial
aid. The boards of directors ami trustees
will meet evpry Monday evening for the
present for the purpose of consultation
and further arranging for the canvass.
BIRDS ON STOW LAKE.
Those Who Ride in the Pleasure Boat*
Interfere With Them.
Some time prior to his death the late
Park Commissioner "W. W. Stow ex
pressed the intention of building an open
wire fence from the island in the northern
end of Stow Lake to the shore bo as to
keep the boats south of that line and pre
vent them from interfering with the
ducks, swans and other water fowl that
congregate in the waters of the extreme
northern branch of the lake. Bat before
he could curry his idea into effect he
passed away and since then the matter
has not been thought of.
It was his idea that if such a fence was
built and maintained the water fowl would
nest on the little island and there would
be a continual increase, while at the same
time the pleasures of those who row in
boats would not be interfered with. The
birds are a eieat attraction on the lake
and they ought to be protected.
f.itt ].• I imi v Mining Suit.
The suit of the Little Emily Mining Com
pany apninsi. William 8. Couch, R. T. Harold,
John King and John J.eylnson. involving cro>s
claims to valuable mining property In Mono
County, began before United States Circuit
Judge lieatty yesterday.
UN UNFORTUNATE BARK.
The Sharpshooter Has Been in
Trouble for Over Three
Months.
NO MONEY TO PAY THE CREW.
She Was Dismasted, Towed From
Guaymas, and Now Libel Suits
Are Threatened.
Of all the vessels that have ever entered
the port of San Francisco the British bark
Sharpshooter has had the hardest luck.
She was dismasted in the Gulf of Cali
fornia, was at tne mercy of the winds and
waves for weeks, drifted past ports of
safety thai it was impossible to reach and
was passed on several occasions by vessels
which aid not notice the signal of distress
flying from the remains of the mainmast.
Finally the bark was picked up by a
steamer sent out to lo<>k for her and she
was towed Into Guaymas.
The Sharpsliooter was consigned to
THE UNFORTUNATE BARK SHARPSHOOTER AS SHE APPEASED FROM THE
POOP A FEW MINUTES BEFORE SHE WAS TOWED TO OAKLAND CREEK.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
Grace & Co. and when that firm learned of
her whereabouts they sent the tug Fear
less to tow her to San Francisco. On her
arrival here Captain Watts and his crew
thought all their troubles were over.
They soon found out their mistake.
They had only just begun. Grace & Co.
at once took possession of the cargo ana
held the freigtit as security for the towage
bill. Captain Watts could not get a cent
of money and the crew are still banging
by the ship in hopes of getting paid. For
over two months the Sharpshooter has
lain at Harrison street, with the captain
and men hoping day after day for the
settlement that never came.
While Grace & Co., the underwriters, and '
Captain Watts were discussing the situa- :
tion, the wharfage bill, the grocers' and :
butchers' bills and bills for sundry other j
necessaries kept growing, and the men be- ■
gan clamoring for their money. The cap
tain could not satisfy them, and the
chances are that half a dozen libels will be
tiled on thr hull to-day.
Captain Watts finally became convinced
yesterday that there was no hope of an
immediate settlement, so he decided to j
move the bark to Oakland Creek. At 1 '
i\ m. she was taken in tow by the Alert,
and an hour later was bard and fast in the I
mud of the creek. The crew are still j
aboard, and they intend to stay there until j
they get their money. The greatest
sufferer in the whole affair is the master.
He is the principal owner in the bark, and
outside of her has not a cent in the world, i
He is accompanied by his wife and chil- I
dren, and in order to raise money to pay I
tome small necessary expenses he has [
beeri compelled to sell many an article
that was prized aboard the ship. Of course j
no repairs have been made to the vessel,
and she is to-day in the same dilapidated !
condition as when she entered port.
During the months she has lain at Harri- \
son street she lias been an object of i
curiosity and wonderment to the thou- j
sands who have passed and repassed her. I
What the outcome of the present en- |
tanglemer.ts will be is hard to predict.
The chances are, however, that the hull
will be sola imd when all the expenses are I
paid there will be very little left for Cap
tain Watts.
The Sharpshooter came from Peru with
a cargo of nitrate. During the storm that
dismantled her wart of the load was thrown
overboard. A curious circumstance in
connection with *he disaster is that when
all hopes failed Captain Watts wrote a let
ter and putting it in a bottle dropped it
overboard. It reached land and was
pi«ked up by some fishermen, who for
warded it to the United Statos Consul at
Guaymas. The latter appealed to the
Mexican Government and it sent out the
steamer that picked up the unfortunate
bark.
RAILWAYS NOT LIABLE.
Attorney Creawell's Opinion on a Street '
Railroad Frauchi.se.
City and County Attorney Creswell has '
rendered an opinion to the Board of Su- i
pervisors in relation to the liability of the
San Francisco and San Mateo Railway
Company to repair the piling, etc., on thut
portion of Steuart street over which it
operates a street railway between Harrison
and Folsom streets. The opinion is as fol
lows:
Subdivision 2 of section 408, Civil Code, re
quires the owners of a street railroad "to
plank, pave or mucadamize the entire length
of the street usi-d by their track, and for two
feet on each siile thereof and between the
tracks, if there be more than one, and *.o keep
the same constantly in repair, flush with the
street arid with good crossings."
The resolution of the Board of Supervisors
granting the right to operate this railroad over
Steuart street, between Harrison and Folsom,
contains asinulnr requirement.
In my opinion, the liability created by sub
division - of section 1 4!) <, Civil Code,' is con
lined to the surface of the street, and a street
railroad cannot under it be compelled to per
form any substructural work ordered by the
municipality.
FIGHT OVER A MANNIKIN.
Dr. J. C. Anthony Arrested on the
Charge of Battery*
Dr. J. C. Anthony, whose otfiee is in the
Chronicle building, was arrested yesterday
on a warrant charging him with battery.
The complaining witness is Conrad Krebs.
About a year aeo Dr. Anthony purchased
a mannikin from Krebs in Vallejo, but he
claims he never received it from the man
ufacturers, James T. White & Co. of New
York, uo to the time he left Vallejo for
this City. He subsequently heard that
it was awaiting his orders at Vallejo and
lie sent word lo return it to 'White & Co.,
sending at the same time the express
charges to New York.
"A few weeks aj;o," said the doctor,
"Krebs called on me and demanded a set
tlement of the bili and I informed him 1
would not pay it. lie called on me at my
office a;_'ain on Saturday and lie became
obtrusive. I told him to sue for the money
and he answered it was not his custom to
sue deadbeats. I went to the Coor with
the intention of ordering him out and he
squared up at me. Believing he intended
to assault me I struck him in the face."
.Dr. Anthony was released on his own
recogniz ince by Judge Conlan.
MURPHY HAS RESIGNED
Tha Man Who Complicated Leon
Meyer's Case by His
Negligence.
He Did Not File the Information in
Time and He Has Suddenly
Retired.
W. H. Murphy, the clerk in District At
torney Barnes' ofHce who allowed the
riling of the information against Leon
Meyer to lapse over the time allowed by
law, is no longer in the employ of the City.
"He has gon» to the mines," is the re
port from the District. Attorney's office.
"He owns a mine in Colusa County and he
has gone up there."
Murphy, who is the son of Superior
! Judge D. J. Murphy, has been in Barnes'
office for some time. He was an under
clerk and he had in his charge the in
formations which were drawn up by the
District Attorney. His principal duty was
| to see that these informations were filed
I in time- -before the statutory thirty days
! had expired — and this did not keep him
{ very busy. In the case of Leon Meyer,
; Murphy drew up the information and tiled
! it one day too late, and as a consequence
] the information is worthless and will be
i dismissed at the iirst opportunity. There
is an indictment pending against Meyer
j and he will be tried on that.
The general impression among the City's
people in the hall is that Murphy had
been summarily discharged by Mr. Barnes
as part payment for his negligence, but it
is announced in the office that he left of
bis own accord. Had he lingered, tnere is
no telling when the ax would nave fallen,
but it was only hovering over him when,
on last Saturday, ho announced his inten
tion of throwing up his job in Barnes'
oflice and leaving for the mines.
Murphy's negligence has caused con
siderable comment, particular)}' as it is
a case in which public interest has centered,
and it ia understood thut his days in the
office of tne District Attorney w.ere num
bered anyway, and his resignation only
saved him from a discharge.
Suit on a Foreign Judgment.
Suit in the United States Circuit Court lias
been brought by Albert r. Wyman, receiver of
the Nebraska Fire insurance Company,
against Samuel R. Johnson ol this State for
.*40,954 H-l on a judgment alleged to have
bei'ii obtained in the Douglas County (Nebr.)
Court.
D'Arcy Died Yesterday.
Ricnard S. d'Arcy, who fell over the bannis
ter of his porch, at 9 Cook street, on Saturday,
died yesterday afternoon and his body was
taken to toe Morgue. An inquest was waived.
Di ceased was a native of Ireland, married and
49 years of age.
____ NEW TO-DAY.
Each ingredient is tested before compounding, and
it must be found of the highest standard. The baking
powder itself is tested. That's why each spoonful does
perfect work.
GENERAL SARAVIA BURIED.
The Idol of the Guatemalan
Army Passed Away Far
From Home.
DREW HIS SWORD FOR PERU.
Beginning as a Common Soldier He
Rose to the Highest Military
Rank in His Country.,
Followed by a large number of the
prominent Guatemalans resident in this
City in carriages the body of General Don
Ramon Saravia, once the idol of the Guate
malan army, was borne to a grave in Odd
Fellows' Cemetery yesterday.
General Saraviu was one of those eailant
yet picturesque military heroes who are so
often found in the Central American re
publics, where the frequent rebellions and
wars between nations make soldiers of
almost every adult capable of bearing
arms.
The son of a prominent magistrate of the
capital of his country, he early in life con
ceived a liking for military iife, and when
the next rebellion began to give evidence
of being due he joined the army as< a
common soldier. His evident superiority
over his fellows and gallantry in action
soon brought him to the front and within
a few years he mounted the ladder until
the title of general was conferred upon him
by a grateful Government.
Previous to being raised to the highest
rank in the army of Guatemala the second
war between Spain and Peru broke out,
and he hurried to Callao and offered his
services to the Peruvian Government. He
took an active part in the famous bom
bardment of Dius de Mayo, and for his
bravery in that action was decorated with
the medal that bears that name. Another
revolution breaking out in Guatemala he
was soon back at his post and lighting in
the front ranks. He served the last five
Presidents of his country and had received
every important decoration given by the
Government.
Durinf: the past eight years he was In
command at Guatemala's most important
seaport, Ban Jose de Guatemala, and there
he contracted the lingering disease that
finally resulted in his death.
On November 10 last he arrived in this
City, whither he came as a last resort to
try to shake off the illness that was fast
wearing out his life. He was too far gone,
however, and despite the efforts of physi
cians he succumbed on the 2d inst. at the
home of frienus at 1306 I *< >i k ,-treet.
Consul Miguel Carrillo, who represents
Guatemala hi San Francisco, arid who was
a friend of the deceased from earliest child
hood, said yesterday that General Saravia
was considered one of the bravest men in
th? army of his country and had been pub
licly complimented for his deeds ot valor
on many occasions by the live presidents
under whom he had served.
*'He did particularly gooi service in the
wars with Salvador ami Honduras," said
Mr. Carrillo, "and his soldiers would fol
low him any place he chose to lead them.
He enjoyed the confidence of the Govern
ment to the highest degree.
"General Sara via was very wealthy at
one time, but during the Dust few years his
fortune slipped away from him and he died
in very moderate circumstances. He was
. r i2 years old and leaves a widow and eight
children to mourn him. and thousands of
the people of my country will be grieved to
hear of his death. ; '
MRS. DEMPSEY'S BENEFIT.
She Will Realize Aborit Twelve Hun-
dre<l Dollars Clear of Kxpenses.
Secretary Jamison of the Dempsey testi
monial benefit fund reported last evening
at a meeting of the general committee,
held at the Windsor Hotel, that the total
receipts up to date accruing from the bene
tit amounted to $1310, from which sum
will be deducted something like $200 for
expenses.
There yet remains a number of outstand
ing ticket?, but it is thought that when a
final settlement will be made the widow of
tne lute cmimpion middle-weight pugilist
of the world will realize about $1200.
Some of the Eastern sporting men who
had been notified of the oenetit responded
liberally. Those who may in the course
of time reply to the letters forwarded to
them by becretary Jameson are: Kichard
K. Fox. Captain Cook, T. O'ilourke,'
Jimmy Carroll of Brooklyn, New \ork,
Jimmy Carroll, now of Mexico, Peter
Maher, Pat Sheedy, Al Smith, J. L. Sul
livaa, Joe Cljoynski, James J. Corbett,
George Dixon, Jack McAuliffe, Bob Fitz
siinmons, Puil Dwyer, A. T. Dumley,
Peter Jackson (England), Steve Brodfe,
Billy Edwards, Professor M. Donovan,
Charles Johnson, William Muldoon, Phil
Casey, Denny Costigan, Jack Blakeley and
E. M. Friend.
All of those sporting men professed to be
strong friends and supporters of Dempsey
when the latter was living, and it now re
mains to be sten what they will think of
him, or at least his widow and children,
who are in need of financial support.
"Parson" Davies, fc-am Fitzpatrick, Jim
Burns of Quincy. 111., L. J. Killian of Bos
ton, Dan A. Stuart of Dallas, Tex., W. P.
Sullivan of Boston, Mass., Jack Pitta of
Benicis, Cal., and H. E. ilcGuin of Port
land, Or., sent letters to Secretary Jami
son containing substantial financial aid,
and the secretary has been instructed by
the general committee to acknowledge the
receipt of their generous donations to the
worthy cause.
It is said that some of the expense bills
presented were extortionate, the bill for
street music amounted to $40, and in the
opinion of many people who witnessed the
fisticuff exhibilon tne bum of $25, which
was paid to Billy Armstrong and Whalan,
should have been cut down to $10, as the
exhibition made the most miserable show
ing of the evening so far as the listicuffs
were concerned. The committee allowed
that they had made a mistake in per
mitting the erection of a stage for cer
tain pugilists who desired to show their
beautiful shapes to good advantage. This
decidedly unnecessary supplement to the
listicuff department cost the widow the
suni of $40.
"DAT NEW BULLY."
There la Some Little Discussion About
Who Wrote It.
John P. Wilson, the gentleman who
wrote a good many choice librettos for the
Tivoli, is up in arni3 against May Irwin,
because she claimed recently that her
song, "Dat New Bully," was written for
her by anothergentleman— not Mr. Wilson^
The libretto-writer on the other hand
claims that he wrote the son<,' pome months
ago for the "Little Robinson Crusoe" bill,
which was presented to San Franciscans
by the Tivoli last summer.
■ It was sung here two weeks," said Mr.
Wilson last night, "and took exceptionally
weii. Mis:; Irwin was here at that time
with Peter Daley, and took the song E.isi
with her. American author-* have had a
good deal of trouble with the copyright
laws, and I guess it has come down to such
a basis now that one will have to copy
right his thoughts if he wants to hold on
to them. I can prove by many people
who heard the song tirst that 1 am t lie
author, and I mean to claim the credit."
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
fI\ICDLAHaLR.COTTLOD« c?- LU&OAfISrMnMU*—
A I RECEPTION
ROYAL I INDEED
CONQUERED AGAIN t
THE SAME BBILLIAHT AN II
ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCE!
EETDRX OF THE I AVOKITES.
■
TIIK SII'KKP,
FRAWLEY COMPANY!
Stronger, Uetter and More Perfect
Than Ever.
Presenting Iler.ry C. de MiUc'.s Powerful Play,
n<-\v Scenery! New » ogtnuw 1
' Keserved Scat*— 15C| 25c, 50c anil 750.
Orders Taken for the Entire Season.
Monday Next 'THE SENATOR"
Ky Special Request*
lyyJr^-j-jeATRE^H props.
Every Night This Week, Including Sunday.
Matinee >aturdav.
The Charming and Brilliant Artiste,
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
Ami Her Own Splendid Company
In A. K. Lancaster and Julian Magnus' Powerful
Emotional Draiaa,
"DAUGHTERS OF EVE"
Next Week— MlSS WAINWRIGHT in her mag-
nificent productio.iof "The Love Chase."
, ; ■
%& THEATRE 'Kops.
3 "WEEKS KNiiAGKMENT OP
America's Representative Tragedian, MB.
LOUBS JAMES
And His Excellent Company in Reper:ory:
TO-NIGHT and Sunday Night —
anil Saturday Matinee,
"VIRGIKTIUS."
Wednesday and Thursday Nights ..." HAMLET"
1 Friday and Saturday Nights "MACBETH"
2d Week— "llarmion," "Othello," "Romeo and
Juliet." etc.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
j] nn. tKMisri.sit Krklim! Froprieux <.1S .<lu'ai;j.*
EVERY E3VHJISTIN3-
— THE SECOII EBITIOJ r—
Of the Brilliant S-pectacular Bur-
X lesque, X
I IXION, I
JL THE HAS OFTTfIE WHEEL. £.
'A l '— . — new BONGS! •
NEW DANCES! NKW LOCALISMS!
NEW SPECIALTIES!
The Most Perfect Production Ever Seen in This
City— La la-la-la-la of a Success!
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
EVERY NIGHT
IATUFEES KSKAV. SATUIIDAY A.VI» SIIXDiY!
The Funniest Comedy on Earth,
"MY PRECIOUS BABY!"
Most Happily Cast!
The Gr.eat L.aug'l of Paris !
"JIY PRECIOUS BABYt"
Wednesday "Pop" Matineo — Elegant
Novels Presented to Each
J<mly ami Child.
Matinee Price^-lOc, 15c. 25^.
i Night Prices— 15c, 25c, 350, 50c.
MOROSCO'S
, GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Fftmily Theater in Arcriei.
WALTER AIOUOSCO, Sole Lessee and Jlanajer
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
Tom Craven's Famous Comedy Drama,
THE FUGITIVE!
SEE The Mills By Moonlieht
and Realistic Shipwreck Scene.
EvmXS'W Pricfj— 2sc and Sl3.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c.
Usual Matinee* Saturday and Sunit »r.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street. Between stcx:t;on ani Pa n'.l.
Tremendous Success of Our New People.
ANOTHER (iKKAT 1J11.i.:
6 NEW PEOPLE! —6
MASON AND HEALY,
DELTOKELLO BROTHERS,
DUCROVV AND RUSH,
CARON AND HERBERT,
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR,
A MAGNIFICENT COMPANY.
Reserved seats, 25c; .Balcony, 10c: Opera cru'.ri
and Box seats. 50c.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
To-night and Wednesday Evenlnjf,
POPILAI! MATINEE TO-MOKKOW!
KTICb'S BKi "1492."
Secure your Seats in advance.
SHOOT THE CHUTES!
DAILY FKOM 1 TO 11 P. M.
(WEATHER ITTl.v<; i,
HAIGHT BfKEKT, NEAK THK PAKK.
.iOMISSION 1O CENTS
Children (includius a Merry-Go-Kound Ride), 10c.
RACING! racing! RACING I
California" jockey club.
WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday. Decambsr 23,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, I'uiir.s lay,
Friday and relay. Rain or Shin?.
FIVE L»B MURK RACES EACH DAY.
Races sturt at 2:00 r. m. sharp.
McAlliS-vr and Oeary street can pass the Rate.
R. B. Jlll^B'')Y. THOSs. H. WILLIAMS X.,
. .5. Becretary. - ;• ' i'reaideuC
78
OWING THE CITY YET
The Bay View Railroad
Did Not Pay Its Car
License.
A DEBT OF MANY YEARS.
A Sum in the Aggregate of
$100,000 Is the Amount
Said to Be Due.
THE LAW REGARDING THE CASE.
Peter Seculovich Says That He Will
Get to the Bottom of the Affair
in a Short Time.
"The Market-street Railway Company
owes the City of San Francisco something
in the neighborhood of $100,000," said
Peter T. Seculovich yesterday, "and aside
from Unit the line running from the inter
section of Post and Montgomery streets,
alone; and upon i'ost street to Pupont, on
Dupont to Market, to Fift . to Townsend,
fro:n Townsend across Mission Creek on
Kentucky street, and over Kentucky street
:o the San Francisco and Bay View race
course, belongs to San Francisco, accord
ing to an act passed at the sixteenth ses
sion of the California State Legislature, an
act a proved April 2, 1866, and amended
in parts in 1?(33.
"1 this statement many times
and on s veral occasions had taken advan
.;! advice and lind that the law
ron the point involved. Section 8
of 'An ac; granting to certain persons
therein named the ritrht to lay a railroad
track along certain streets in the City .r.ui
County S rancisco, 1 reads:
rsofsivM rnV.Ti ad are required
■ ■ ■ y •;.,• s.-iiiu-. together
■
;o the City and < • untyofSan Francisco at any
int.- after the expiration i ;" fifteen years after
.he completion of the same upon a demand
;•>• and
.'oun:y, anil upon the payment to .^aul parties
of the appraised value
same, said appraisal to be maue by five
"No demand was made upon the road by
the City and County of Ban Francisco, and
the franchise, which was given for twenty
fire years, therefore expired. The road
was completed in 1870, so the franchise
had run its existence out in July, 1895, and
to-day that line and its entire assets belongs
to the City of San Francisco.
"That is not the least of the debt. There
was a $50 license upon each car imposed iv
the sniif act, and not a cent of it has ever
been paid. That section touching upon
the licence reads:
■ :-t- r? of said railroad shall pay
to the City and County oi San Francisco the
f $50 per annum v a license upon each
?ar '.:-.-'l by them upon said railroad, which
payment >hall be made quarterly to the said
City mid County.
"There are certain ways of collecting; this
money, and it is the duty of the officials
who are drawing salaries from the City
and County of >-an Francisco to attend to
the matter as soon as it is possible to do
so. lam of the opinion that a great deal
of money would be found to be due the
City if some of the old statutes were gone
into and something like this would be
cropping up all the time.
1 \\ hen the City reserved the right to
purchase it w;is probably done so merely
as a matter of form, and in such cases such
rijihtt- are seldom taken advantage of. Dur
ing all the years that the line has been in
operation it has made a handsome thing
out of it, and yet the company has never
seen tit to pay the license imposed upon it
by tiie law of California. There were not
many cars on the line when it first began
operations, bat that part of the City has
been settling up fast and it has become
necessary to add more rolling stock. In
the regular order of things the City's
revenue would naturally be increased had
the provisions of the law been complied
with.
"It has been claimed tiiat no one came
to collect the money, but that does not re
move the debt, and it is still due the City
of San Franci.-co. If at any time, as I
have sai-d before, the Supervisors released
the road from the debt, they had no right
to take such steps, ana the action would
be illegal.
"I do not propose to let this matter rest
until I have sifted it to the bottom and
found out just what this City lias coming.
I am a heavy taxpayer and help to pay
the officials of San Francisco; therefore I
will insist upon seeing that there is some
money in sight except that which is taken
from the individual taxpayers. I have
been in San Francisco nearly forty-two
years, and feel just interested enough to
iii:ht for it until the taxpayers get their
rights. It is not just that bi^ corporations
and companies should be released from
their debts while we are expected to put
Dp annually.
"If the Bay View road by any hook or
crook has been released from its obliga
tion I intend to had it out, and aiso who
engineered the job and how it was done.
If they were not released I intend to see
that they pay what they owe. In either
event something like a clear explanation
must be forthcoming. Citizens have cer
tain rights t at are due them, and I will
get all the attention I demand when the
time comes to have this matter settled. It
is more serous than one would suppose at
a frlance, and on behalf of thousands of
other tax; avers I want to know what is to
be the result. There is more yet to come
of this question and I have got plenty of
time to fight it out to a finish."
NEW MOVE BY STATELER
Counter ■ Suit Against Trustee
Chetwood in the Federal
Court.
Asks That Himself Be Declared Agent
and That the Bank's Affairs Be
Wound Up.
A new move has been made by Agent
Thomas K. Stateler in the California Na
tional Bank case. Not very long ago
Special Trustee John Chetwood Jr. of the
bank brought an action in the United
States Circuit Court to enjoin Stateler
from acting as agent. To this a volumin
ous answer was filed by Mr. Stateler,
averring that Mr. Chetwood was conduct
ing the litigation for his own personal in
terests and not those of the bank. Reply
sm'davits were filed by Mr. Chetwood in
fceif-vindication.
Now Mr. StateJer has begun a counter
suit in the same court to have himself
judicially declared the bank's agent and
10 wind up the affairs of the bank and
niaKe a distribution among its stock
holders. A bill in equity to this effect was
lilea yesterday.
The incorporation of the bank in 1886
with $200,000 capital stock and its failure
two years later, the action of Comptroller
Eckels in declaring the bank insolvent in
in 1889, the election of Mr. Stateler as
acrent at the July 6 meeting in 1894 and
the various phases of litigation through
which the bank and its ex-president, R.
P. Thomas, the soap kine, have gone, are
all pone over with precision as to details
in the document.
According to l he bill the old board of
directors consisted of President R. P.
Thomas, Vice-President R.A.Wilson, EL
R.Thompson, George E. Whitney, William
K. Vanderslice, Charles H. Holt and B.
Noyes. Thomas held 9fiO shares of the
stock; Thompson, 555 shares and Wilson
70 shares, aggregating a value of $158,500.
The litigation is gone over to support
an allegation that Mr. Cnetwood was turn
ing it to good account for his own benetit.
In July, 18' JO, Mr. Chetwood broug t suit
in the Superior Court against President
Thomas, Directors Thompson and Wilson
and Receiver S. P. Young for a judgment
of $400,000 damages for negligence in con
ducting the bank's affairs. By the ref
eree's report in August. IS<)4, ii was shown
that the bank hau lost through the
manipulations of Cashier C. E. Ramsden
$197,092 9L
The charge is made that M. Chetwod
withdrew as against Directors Thompson
and Wilson in consideration of sx judg
ment from them ot $27,600, though they
held 625 shares between them of the
bank's stock, and the bill says that both
Wilson and Thompson were men of
means, Thompson being worth $1,501
and that the judgment of $1%,919— the
balance as agai:ist the three joint feasors —
could have easily been collected from
Thompson alone, whereas Thomas was a
man of doubtful means. The charges fre
quently made that Chetwood, unknown to
Stateler and the bank's directors, manage i
to obtain $">i>o ltj for expenses and
as attorney s fees on orders from the court
and subsequently another $1000 out of the
judgment against Wilson and Thompson,
leaving only a balance of $16,939 M for the
bank, are reproduced in the document.
By the court findings of November,
the net Joss to the bank, after deducting
the judgment of $27,500, was figured out to
be $139,419, for which judgment was ren
dered against Thomas, an appeal fro::i
which is now pending.
The Thomas insolv< ncy proceedings in
the Alameda County Superior Court are
not overlooked, nor the suits against
Thomas for his $40,000 homestead and
against the Standard Soap Company.
T c suit to collect the Ramsden note of
$2431 85 :s al?o mentioned.
The purnose of calling the court's atten
tion to all this litigation is to endeavor to
show that Chetwood has constantly
opposed Acent Stateler in the courts.
Stateler once applied to the Superior Court
of this county to have the iu:id» of the
bank turned over to him, bui the court
refused to do so. In nearly every case
appeals have been taken to the State
Supreme Court.
OAK-STREET CURS CEASE.
The Market-Street Combine Aban
dons a Portion of the
Cable Line.
Electric Cars From the Park to Fill
more Street— No Chance for
Opposition.
No more cable-cars are to run en Oak
street.
The last car finished its trip into the
carhouse yesterday morning at 1 o'clock.
A gang of men was at once put to work
converting that portion of the road lying
between the Haight-street entrance to the
park and Fillmore street into an electric
Hue. That part lying between Fillmore
and Market streets will, however, probably
be abandoned.
This action on the part of the Market
street combine will not affect its income.
Lines run on Haight and Hayes streets,
either of which can accommodate the
travel.
There is little dan-er of any competition.
All the available streets have been closed,
while the cross lines at Fillmore and De
visadero streets connect the lines running
to the ferries, and further obstruct the con
struction of any n- w Jines. This makes
the combine sure that it can do away with
the line and save itself expense at the cost
of the convenience of the riding public
without danger of having new lines
come in.
The retention of a portion of Oak street
makes this siill more certain. Haight
street is controlled by the combine it.- full
length. I'age street is controlled from the
park to Devisadero street. Fell street is
occupied for several blocks at each end.
| Hayes street is controlled through its en
j tire length. With a line on Oak street,
! from the park to Fillmore, any new line is
j barred from coming in to furnish con-
I venient transportation for those living
along the street.
Superintendent Vining was not inclined
to be communicative on the subject of the
i cessation of travel on Oak street.
"I can't say whether the line <viil be
converted into an electric line from Fiil
! more street on to Market or not," he said
last night. "We are going to make an
electric line from the park to Fiiimore
street, though. In this way we will con
nect with the Filimore-street electric line.
"Men are at work there now and tratiic
will not be stopped long. It you want to
know whether the line is to be continued
from Fillmore street east you will have to
see Mr. Welsh, who superintends construc
tion."
Mr. Yining was also not sure as to trans
fers. He thought the Oak-street cars would
transfer with the FiJlmore-street cars. He
*ras not prepared to say anything as to
the probability of the franchise on Oak
street, from Fillmore to Market, being
abandoned, because he did not know
whether the electric-cars would run the
I full length of Oak street or not.
A GREAT SUCCESS.
O'Brien's Midwinter Clearance Sale Is
Sweeping lsveryttalug Bufore It.
Yesterday J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s great
midwinter clearance sale commenced its
second week with a crowd tiiat taxed to
the utmost the vast capacity of the firm's
mammoth establishment at the junction
of Market, Jones and McAllister streets,
any single aisle of which exceeds in area
an ordinary dry-goods store.
These annually recurring sales of
"O'Brien's" have become an established
feature of the dry-^oods trade of San
I- rancisco. and are eagerly looked forward
to and waited for by shrewd buyers as op
portunit:es to replenish supplies at a great
saving over ordinary prices.
That the present sale outrival* any of
its predecessors in this respect all Call
readers are fully aware, for the firm's im
mense advertisements quote reductions
that are simply astounding, and those of
last Sunday seemed almost incredible
when the styles and qualities offered were
taken into consideration.
But though "almost incredible," it wa3
evident that the thousands who responded
found the advertised reductions fully sub
stantiated in the bargains offered, for when
the store was visited' in the afternoon it
was almost impossible to get near a coun
ter so great was the rush of buyers.
During a few moment's conversation
with Mr. J. J. O'Brien, the genial head of
th firm, it was learned that the sale to
date lias been the most successful of any
yet held; but. as he s. id, this success is
fully warranted by the unusual attractions
offered, for there is not a single article in
any department tiiat has not been marked
down to sacrifice prices in pursuance of
the firm's determination to make a clean
sweep of all surplus stock before taKing
their annual inventory.
Street lighting costs $2,800,000 in Lon
don, $3,500,000 in Pans and $800,000 in New
York. Gas was introduced in London one
year in advance oi Pans. Ei htyearsluter
it was introduced in JNew York.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1896.
THE RATE WAR OPENED
Beginning of the Contest Be
tween the People and
Railroad.
PONDEROUS AFFIDAVITS READ.
The Southern Pacific and the Commis
sioners Now Before Judge
McKenna.
After numerous delays and an extraor
dinary amount of diftictilty over legal
j technicalities the injunction suit of tne
| Southern Pacific Railroad Company
i against the Railroad Commission in the
l matter of a new freight-rate schedule was
begun in the United States Circuit Court
yesterday morning before Judge McKenna.
The matter, already so widely published
and discus-ed and involving affairs of
J tremendous moment to Uie people of the
j S;atc, brought out a distinguished gather
ing of le al lights and a comfortable crowd
oi others, who were also interested in the
| issue, lew expected that the case would
begin without some more preliminary
skirmishing, but they had an agreeable
disappointment in store. Everything ran
a'.ong from the start with admirable
: smoothness, although Robert Y. Hayne
j trie.i unsuccessfully to secure a brief delay.
! The request was denied and the ;:reat coii
| tes| was soon well along in iis first stages.
The proceedings were begun in the room
usually occupied by the [Jnited States
' Court of Appeals. Attorney \V. H. Herrin
, was early on th ground prepared to show
what sort oi rights the railroad company
i desires acknowledged. With him were
Lawyers Garber and J. C. Martin. Attor
| ney-Genera) Fitzgerald was supported by
\V. W. Foote, Robert Y. l£ayi;e and John
! C. Daly.
H. 8. Foote, the United States District
Attorney, was present representing the
l Government as intervenor. The only
member of the Railroad Commission who
appeared was Chairman La Rue.
When court had been convened Attor-
J ney Hayne of counsel for the Railroad
| Commissioners addressed Judge McKenna
1 upon the matter of a continuance.
"If the court please," he said, "we must
| ask that this amended bill of complaint Le
' stricken from the record if we are to pro-
J eeed with the case to-day. It was not tiled
• until last Saturday and we have not bad .i
reasonable time in which to prepare our
selves in regard to it. It' it is admitted at
this juncture we must ask your Honor for
a (it lay of at least two weeks."
"There have been quite a. number of
; delays already," Judge McKenna replied,
I "and none further can be granted. The
• has accommodated its business to
' this case three times and cannot further
j inconvenience itself and other liti.uar.ts
who have a right to be heard in their
proper oriier."
Attorney Herrin explained that, so far
as the complainant was concerned, there
had been no intention of introducing into
; the case any new matter with which the
i defendants were unacquainted. There
I was nothing of a new character in the
j amended bill of complaint, he said, for,
in effect, it was simply a compilation or
combination of the points In the original
; complaint and in th amendment pre
viously introduced. It was de&L-ned to
, show tne financial condition of the lines
operated in California as apart from those
in the system outs de of the State. Mr.
: Herrin also reminded the court that the
amendment to whicli there now was ob
jection had been submitted in due legal
course and in proper order, and to the
i manner of its introduction there had been
• no protest.
At this time the court suggested that
I the amended bill might be withdrawn for
i a time without any prejudice to the
: privilege of the complainants to introduce
;it again. Mr. Herrin was not disposed to
1 adopt this suggestion and a>-ked if it might
I not be permitted to remain with the
; agreement that he would make no use of
it in proceeding with the suit until tne de
i fense should have ample opportunity to
become familiar with its features.
The Railroad Commission lawyers vig-
I orously objected to this proposition, and
| Judge McKenna a^aiii suggested that the
I best thing to do would be to withdraw the
i amended complaint for awhile. While
upon this subject the court hinted rather
pointedly that it might be a wise thing if
| the attorneys for the railroad complainants
; acted upon his suggestion. He d<>clared
; that if it were not withdrawn he was not
! sure that he had the right to order it
, stricken out, but he did know that he
; could dissolve the temporary injunction
i which he had already granted the com
-1 plainants. This put a new aspect on the
; matter and the amended bill of complaint
was promptly withdrawn.
The case began with the reading of the
i plaintiff corporation's original bill of com
plaint by Mr. Herrin. The bill was a
j paper of ponderous proportions and the
j reading consumed a good part of the
j morning session. The bill set forth the
: amount of the railroad company's bonded
i and other indebtedness, the interest paid
j annually the cost of operating the system,
i and innumerable other items affecting the
i financial condition of the corporation.
This was followed by a recital of the vari
ous reasons because ot which the court is
asked to restrain the Railroad Commission
! ers from reducing the freight rates to an
I extent that wouid, it is alleged, materially
: injure the business of the railroad com
pany.
The complaint then went on to tell that
; the roads now being operated by the
Southern Pacific Company, including be
sides its actual property its various leased
lines, are being conducted, and have been
• for years, on the most economical plans
possible. Particularly had a very great
regard been manifes ed for the rights, con
venience and safety of the traveling pub
lic. The proposed reductions, the com
plaint reads, would reduce the income of
the company, to such an extent that its
lines couid not be conducted properly.
The number of miles of road and the
statement of the company's bonded in
debtedness, the annual interest and oper
! ating expenses, were also touched upon in
: an amendment to the complaint proper.
I In the amendment it was also set forth
j that the receipts of the system in Cali
i fornia for the year 1894 (-bowed an excess
| over the expenditures of $404,4y7 05. Had
j the proposed reduced rates been in force,
j however, during the year 1894 the total re
ceipts would have been reduced by at least
] $1,770,000, which would, of course, have
I made a deficit of over $1,30(1,000.
The company's legal representative then
j referred to the charges made some time
! ago to the effect that Railroad Comrais
j sioners Lv Rue and Stanton had taken a
pledge before their election to reduce rail
road freight rates. This action on their
part, he declared, baa disqualified them
from acting as members of the Raiiroad
| Commission. The objection was also made
to Commissioner Lv Rue that he is a
heavy shipper of freight, and has a per-
Bonai interest in the reduction of railroad !
rates. The conclusion cf the bill was the j
formal application for a writ of injunction !
foriiddmg the Railroad Commissioners j
from interfering with the rates as now
I scheduled.
The bill of complaint was supported by
I a number of affidavits signed by official's
;of the plaintiff company. Among them
j were Assistant Secretary Klink, A sistan:
I General Manager Curtis and General
i l-'r- ight Agent Smurr. When these were
tinistied a rec ss was taken.
The afternoon proceedings were barren
of any enlivening incidents. The session
was entirely devoted to the hearing uf a
few more long and ponderous affidavits.
I Attorney Herrin first read affidavits from
I the company's officials, principal among
j them being Yice-Presweift Siubbs. All of
j these papers set forth that there has been
j no appreciable increase in the company's
I business daring any recent period, and
that tne rates charged lor the transporta
tion of grain and other commodities are
.scheduled to meet the actual cost of such
transportation. There had been frequent
deficits and a generally discouraging con
dition ot affairs. The charges for the car
rying of passengers, lik<» those of freight,
were just and reasonable, and any sort of
reduction at this time would' work an in
calculable injury to the complainant in the
action.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald next be/an
the reading of a lonj,' series of affidavits.
Ihe first, and in fact the only one so far
read, was that of Railroad Commissioner
La Rue. It was generally designed to
controvert the statements which had been
made in beh&if of the Southern Pacific
Company, and was an elaborate denial of
the assertions made by the complainants.
It was denied that a reduction of rates
would work any hardship, but would
I rather relieve the people of California from
an unjust and unreasonable tax. Re
ferring to the aliidavits of the company's
otiieers, Mr. La Rue declared that they
were speculative and problematical in
I statement, and were based upon no sub
| stantial facts. They were not based upon
j the past, present or future conditions of
I the railroad, and were unworthy of con
sideration as evidence.
He declared further the statements that
freight rates had neen scheduled by the
company with regard to fairness and con
sideration were untrue. In many cases
charges were far in excess of the cost of
transporting* If at times, he said, the
company had made reductions, v was in
variably for the purpose of crushing out
j threatened competition. Special rates
j had been made iv favor of persons and
places, and were unjustly hxed for the
masses of people in California.
The affidavit then went on to explain
' that the Railroad Commissioners had
I jurisdiction in this case and had fixed the
rates, not arbitrarily, but after careful in
vestigation and discussion. La, Hue
denied that he had subscribed any
nledge to reduce rates, but asserted that
lie had acted fairly and conscientiouslj\
Proceeding, he explained numerous
features of the business management of
the railroad company and its financial
condition. He said tiiat lie had extensive
knowledge of the farming and shipping
interests, and that on account of the
i gene. al depression in 1894 it is not proper
to take that Deriod by which to jud^e of
the company's income. If, he declared,
the present rates are allowed to stand the
people of California will suffer the loss of
$1.50(1.000 annually, whicii would be the
e-xcessover reasonable charges.
A second affidavit of Mr. La Rue was
beinin. but before it was finished the
conrt adjourned until 10:30 o'clock this
morning.
AT HOME AND ABROAD
Work of the Missions Con
sidered at Preachers'
Meetings.
A Japanese Who Sold All He
Had and Gave It to the
Poor.
Rev. G. W. Lyons of J-I ay wards ad
dressed the Presbyterian Ministerial Asso
ciation yesterday on "Methods of Evan
gelization," his remarks having especial
bearing on the methods of the Board of
Home Missions.
The speaker stated that the present
methods of the board are not con
ducive to the highest development of the
work. Particularly in California did he
consider that a benelicial change would
bo made if the local synod took charge of
its own home mission work.
Rev. Dr. Minton, in discussing the
paper, said : "Out bore we are Presbyterian
paupers. New York is pouring money in
nere every year. It would be a ;;rand
thing if we could pay our own expenses,
bat we cannot."
Rev. Dr. Mathena indorsed Mr. Lyons'
suggestion and repudiated the imputation
of pauperism on the grounds that the
Presbyterian church is one of the richest
denominations on the coast.
"It does not matter how rich we are, I
refer to what we put down for our work,"
said Dr. Minion. Dr. Mathena sad that
the church had sijuand'-red millions of
dollars in this State, and he gave it as his
opinion that with the aid of the Young
People's Society for Christian Endeavor
the California synod would become self
supporting.
Rev. Dr. Shearer explained the »vorking
of the Home Missionary Society, saying
that the central committee distributes the
money subscribed by the whole church.
The following othcers were elected' for
the coming three months: President,
Rev. E. E. Clarke: vice-president, Rev.
H. N. Be.vior; secretary and treasurer.
Rev. James Wooaworth. Executive com
mittee—Rev. T. R. Farrand, Rev. 11. N.
Bevier and Rev. G. \V. Lyons.
Baptist Ministers.
An informal meeting of the baptist Min
isterial Association was held yesterday
morning, at which reports of the different
churches were given by Rev. Mr. Bovnton,
Rev. Dr. Sunderiand, Rev. F. L. Law
rence, Rev. \Y. 11. Latourctte, Rev. H. L.
Dietz, Rev. George Duncan, Rev. W. B.
Adams, Rev. D. L. Ward and R v. T. M.
Hill.
A report on the progress of Baptist Sun
day-schools was made by Rev D. P. Ward,
State superintendent of Baptist Sunday
schools. The progress reported was ex
tremely satisfactory; twelve new Baptist
Sunday-schools were reported to have
been founded throughout the State during
the last three years.
An announcement was made of a mis
sionary conference to be held in the First
Baptist Church, Oakland, on the SOt , and
31st inst. Rev. James Sunderiand will
manage the conference, missionary topics
will be discussed and the women's mis
sionary work will be presented. The con
ference will be assisted by Rev. It. R. Wil
liams, president of the Theological Sem
inary at Ramapatam, India, and Rev. T.
M. Foster of China.
Methodist Preachers.
At the Methodist Ministers' Association
Rev. S. Hongo of the Mishima Orphanage,
Shimozuke, Japan, told in tne Japanese
language how lie became converted in
1375, and at once became possessed of the
idea that he must found an orphanage.
Rev. Dr. Harris translated and stated S.
Hongo was a wonderfully saintly man,
who gave all his property to the orphanage.
It was also stated that he is dying of
consumption.
THORNTON'3 FEES.
His Case Against I. G. Wickershain
Submitted to Judge Sea-well.
The case of Crittsndon Thornton against
I. G. Wickersham to recover a fee of
$3500 for services was submitted to Judge
Beawel) yesterday.
Arguments were made during the morn
ing hours of court, Thornton speaking for
himself an i S. M. Shortridee for Wicker
sham. The point involved was whether
Thornton was hired under under Wicker
sham s contract or was he simply of coun
sel and his fee due from Barclay Henley,
the principal attorney in the case. Henley
had called in the firm of Lippitt &, Lipuitt.
and they had withdrawn in Thornton's
favor.
Very Eich Indeed
in ihe elements that supply ihe human system
with bone, muscle and brain substance; is a circula
latlon fi-rtiliaed with the supreme tonic, Hostet
tor's Stomach Bitten, winch begets thorough as-
Himilation and 'digestion, and gives a healthful
impulse to every function of the body. Dyspeptic
and wi a-kly persons Rive strong testimony In its
behalf, fco do those troubled with biliousness, ma
laria, rheumatism, constipation and inactivity of
the kldueya.|
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Exciting Adventures of Three
Yachtsmen on Larkspur
Creek.
ONE WAS NEARLY DROWNED
The Harbor Commissioners Visit Dun
don's Tramway and May Order
It Torn Up.
Three well-known yachtsmen had an
exciting experience at Larkspur yesterday.
One of them nearly lost his life and the
other two escaped wich a ducking. Irving
Graham, Frank Hines and Harry Varnev
may know something about sailing a
yacht but what they do not know about
handling a small dingey would fill a book.
They all met at Corte Madera yesterday
and after discussing a number of inci
dents that happened during last season
they moved on to the boatbouse at Lark
spur. There Graham challenged the
others to a sailing race as far as the bar
and back. The challenge was promptly
accepted and after the little boats had
been made ready a start was made.
Before fifty ynrds had been sailed a puff
of wind capsized Graham's boat and his
friends on the bank went to his assistance.
Hfs craft was righted and he insisted on
sailing out the race. He was apparently
"clean out of it" until while attempting
to round a bend in the slough Hines'
and Varney's boats collided and both of
them capsized. By the time they were
ready to get under way again Graham had
caught up and a pretty race from the bar
home ensued. About two hundred yards
from home Gra .am and Varney were
leading but Hines was coming up fast.
In their eagerness to win the race tlie
two leading men did not watch each
other, and another collision and another
capsize followed. Before assistance reached
them Graham was so exhausted -that he
had to be hauled into the boat with a rope.
Varney was none the worse for his duck
ing. Hiiies was an easy winner. All
three yachtsmen have had all they want
of sailing dingeys in a slough, and say
that in future they wiil confine their ef
forts to the waters oi the bay.
The old bark Don Carlos, owned by the
iate N. Bichard, was sold at auction by
United States Marshal Baldwin yesterday.
When Bichard died there was about $1500
due the crew, and as they could not get
their money they libeled the vessel. The
price paid was a surprise, as it was not
thought that the vessel would bring more
than .s'i(.H o. Lorenzo Foard started the
bidding at $lftoo. Cashier Brown of the
'Bank of California raided him $'S'<k and
after that the price rose by $100 jumps un
til $2000 was reached. Then Foard with
drew and Joseph Home took up the run
ning. When $3600 was reached t c lark
was knocked down to Hume. He pur
chased her for R. P. Hume A Co., and
they will relit her and put her in the can
nery trade.
Then- was a little excitement around the
Merchants' drydock yesterday over the
steamer Bonita. When on the ways it
was st;en that her keel from the stem forty
feet aft was oat of plumb, and at first it
was thought her back was broken. The
dock people said that it had not happened
wiiiie the steamer v.as being put on tlie
ways, and Superintending Engineer Cos
grove of tin? Pacific Coast B earn ship Uoni
pany it had. Captain C. Miner Good
nil, on behalf of tlie steamer, and Captain
Thayer, on behalf of the Merchants, made
an examination and came 10 the conclusion
titat the damage had been done some lime
ago. About nine months ago the B;>nita
ran on the rocks near Carpenteria, but wai
got oft. It was not thouebt that she was
damaged, but Captains Goodall and Thayer
are of the opinion that it was on that oc
casion that the keel was injured.
l:. Gerlich, who keepfl a saioon at 237
East street, got into trouble witli the
harbor police. Just as the Oakland pas
sengers were landing from the 1:45 P. K.
boat he got out on tlie sidewalk and began
cursing and swearing in a most foul
mouthed manner. Oriicer Charles Callag
han heard him and attempted to place
him under arrest. Geriich showed fij:ht,
and soon ne and the policeman were roll
ing in the street. Finally Callaghan got
the haivicuffs on his man, but he could
not get him to move. Officer P. A. Ma
honey came to his assistance, and between
them* they got Gerlich started for the
Harbor p'okce station. Crossing Market
street the prisoner swung his arms and
struck Mahoney in the face with his hand-
CUffs. 11" made another swing and struck
Mahoney on the hand, lacerating the
thumb and almost breaking the first
finsrer. At the station he was charged
with vulgar language, disturbing the peace
and bat.cry.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
nicda will not get away until Friday next
at 2 P.M. Tlie English mails are a day
late and the steamer will have to await
their arrival.
Captain .lounston of the steam schooner
Whitesboro says his vessel has tiie best
record of any tiring in the coasting trade.
During the "past year the steamer made
fifty-two round trips, principally between
Port Los Angeles and Whitesboro.
The American ship Benjamin F. Park
ard secured a crew yesterday and will
probably sail to-day. Captain Allen was
compelled to pay JpiiO a month and $40 ad
vance, as none of the men on the "beach"
would sign for less. The Independent
Boarding-masters' Association put the
sailors aboard and not a cent of shipping
masters' fees were paid.
The Harbor Commissioners paid a visit
to P. IT. Dundon's tramway yesterday.
They are not at all pleased with it nor with
the manner in which the ex-Supervisor has
taken the law into his own hands. As
stated in yesterdays Call Mr. Dunaon is
likely to have a bad quarter of an hour to
day. The cars to be used are V-shaped and
In consequence the space between the mils
cannot be filled in. President Colnon
thinks this a fatal objection and the
chances are that the rails will be ordered
torn up.
At the usual weekly meeting to-day the
Commissioners will open the bids for the
tearing down of the outer 2'iO feet of
Powell-street wharf. It has been found to
be a menace to navigation and useless as a
place for dockinz ships.
HELPING THE FALLEN.
Touching Example of Christian Charity
Manifested at the liculah Home.
The Salvation Army Rescue Home in
Beulah was the scene of a peculiar assem
blage last Saturday niirht. The officers
had invited the friends of the institution
to spend the evening socially with the
inmates of the home, whose lives have
banished them temporarily from society.
A very enjoyable evening was spent and
some affecting scenes were witnessed.
To see pure, refined and delicate ladies
mingling in cordial fellowship with their
fallen sisters and without affectation ren
dering a helping hand to restore them to
a useful and happy life is a sight that in
spires confidence in humanity. Among
the guests was Mrs. Mills and" several ot
the teachers of Mills College, who pledged
themselves to assist in carrying on the
sc 00l that Mrs. Carrie Judd Montgomery
said should be started.
As some of the girls were but 12 years
old when they entered the home," and
as others who are older have not had
ihe advantages of a common-school edu
cation, it has been thought best to estab
lish a school for teaching the simpler
branches, such as reading, writing, etc. •
A committee was appointed to arranpe
for a regular course' of instruction. Cap
tain Warner, who is in charge, said the
results of the rescue work have been very
But few of those who have
jiassed through the home have returned
to their lives of vice and many have be
come Christians. Among t c latter some
have gone out to work for the salvation of
those from whose ranks they so recently
came, and others are planning to do mis
sionary work.
A MISSIONARY SCHOOL.
>-A Xevr Organization to Spread Evangel
ical Work.
A missionary extension ' school for city,
home and foreign missions will be opened
on the Sth inst. in the Y. M. C. A. build
ing.
The organization has secured a large
room in the building for headquarters.
The school is interdenominational, its
object being to train all young men and
women of evangelical churches for Chris
tian service. I Miss Mindora L. Berry is the
president, and among thoso who will give
addresses are the following well-known
speakers: Rev. E. S. Chapman, D.D.,
Rev. E. R. Diile, D.D., Rev. J. Sunder
land, D.D., Rev. W. W. Case, D.D., Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D., Rev. Robert
Whitaker, Rev. J. S. Carroll, D.D., Rev.
William A. Gardner, Mrs. Carrie Judd
Montgomery, Rev. H. N. JBevier, Mrs. M.
P. Ferguson and others.
The superintendent and all the lecturers
will give their lectures gratis.
5 •
TRIED TO HANG HIMSELF
The Desperate Deed of Samuel
Thompson, the Aged
News-Dealer.
He Is in Prison Waiting a Hearing
for Felonious Assault Upon
Little Girls.
Samuel Thompson, the old news-dealer
charged with felonious assault upon girls
of tender years, attempted to commit sui
cide in his cell in the City Prison, early
yesterday morning, but like that of Eugene
Pardini, the attempt was unsuccessful.
Thompson was arrested on Drcembsr 23,
and five charges were registered against
him. Ho was to have been arraigned in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday morning,
but the cases were continued.
He had been acting queerly for some
days, and Captain Robinson specially in
structed the "trusties" to keep a careful
watch over him. On Sunday afternoon,
while members of the Salvation Army
were conducting services in front of his
cell, he suddenly made a rush at the iron
bars with lowered head, but was seized by
the other prisoners and soon regained his
composure.
About 4o'clock yesterday morning. while i
the other prisoners in the cell were asleep,
Thompson tore up his under garments
and tied and twisted them into a rope with i
| a noose on one end. He ried tin; other end ;
Ito the bars above the cell, adjusted the!
i noose round his neck and juiujKjd from his j
| cot. His heavy breathing attracted the
attention of the "trusties'," and they soon !
cnt him down. In order to insure his j
i safety from further injury he was strapped
to a cot in a cell where he could be seen by
the ciesk s?rireant.
He succeeded in breaking loose from the
i straps that bound him and wrenched off i
; tbe yas bracket in the cell, permitting the I
• full flow of gas to escape. This was soon I
detected and. tbe damage quickly repaired.
He was again strapped down, but in a few
hours was put back in the felony cell on
his promise to behave himself.
Thompson talked in a rambling wav \
about his attempt and his past life. He I
said he would not have attempted to end j
his life had it not been for the reproaches '
of the Salvation Army lassies, who told j
him he would be punished for his sins not j
alone in this world, but in the next, unless
he repented.
He said that in his early life he was
master of the steamer Northern Light on
Lake Superior. Afterward he went to
New York, where he made a great deal of
money as proprietor of a dancehouse until
the police clo-ed the place and drove him |
Sut of the city. He next opened a place
in Cincinnati, where lie lost nearly all his ]
money. Then he drifted to San Francisco I
and b gan selling newspapers. He im- !
a ines that he is a poet, and has spent !
most of his time writing poetry.
/ tfJL 1 v ■ 1 ?s)/i/ysz
Ctoatfs *x<£m?7s
lZO?€Qazf22/SfT
'■ - . . - '
Gigantic
Clearance
Sale-Cloaks
Suits-Furs.
The Annual Cape, Coat and Suit
event of San Francisco. A deliberate
destruction of regular prices to clear
out the balance of winter stocks. .
DOUBLE CAPHS, Kersey or Cheviot,
all wool, Velvet co'.lars, blue or black, m. \ OO
length 24 inches, were $7, now only.. «Jfe4__
DOUBLE CAPES, like cut. blue or black
Kersey cloth. 6 rows braid and cloth fll»£» 5O
straps on top cupe; were .f9, now only tJpO— - '
DOUBLE CAPES, Hne Boucle, 4 rows
braid around collar and top cape black
or blue, a* inches long; were $9 60, $6^2
now 0n1y...... \
DOUELE CAPES, fine Curly Boucle.
i \T.', IWitll1 Witl l an<l of stitched satin. Qn.oo
length 23 inches; were $10, now only. »J)O
: -'•■•* :v\ FlXK KEP.SEY JACK-
■ .- - . E is, black or blue, the
very latest styles: were
I,* $9 60, now only $5.
f.^'l FINEST. ROUGH-
I *te£"-A CLOTH and BOUCLE
>J 3 ■ ■ ■ JACKETS, latest styles
j/S^tW-. sleeves, fronts and but-
tona: were $12 bO, now
ft ( i Pi/ ' \ /vERYiFiciAL.
V \/J)\ V J lso 'FINE CLOTH
1 f\-S JACKKTs, bi s ee^-es.
VVI p* Vj ■ oocl materials: were
a \s3 I '1 ■ $15, your choice now
t******™*- .. 200 FINE WOOL
. OLQTH. JACKETS,
black -or colors were
$20, choice now $4 00.
INNKEEPERS' LIABILITY.
Reduced to a Minimum at the
Last Session of the
Legislature.
JUSTICE KEHRIGAN'3 DECISION.
Guests Cannot Recover for Loss Unless
Through the Negligence of
Proprietors.
In interesting decision involving the li
ability of innkeepers to protect the be
longings of their guests was rendered by
Justice of the Peace Kerrigan yesterday in
the case of Charles Freundschuh vs. Sirs.
J. Villmeur. The plaintiff sued to recover
the value of a dress suit and other articles
of wearing apparel stolen from his room
while he was residing in the lodirinq-house
of the defendant. He relied for a verdict
on the provision of the Civil Code which,
previous to the last session of the Legisla
ture, provided that innkeepers, hotel
keepers and proprietors of lodging-houses
were liable for any loss sustained by guesta
unless by the act of God.
The last .Legislature, however, in a quiet
way amended this provision tosucb au ex
tent that the liability of hotel-keepers
has been reduced to a minimum. The
section, as amended, reads as follows:
The liability of an innkeeper, hotel-keeper
and boarding and lodging house keeper, for
losses of or injury to personal property, other
than money, pi need by his gnerts, boarders or
lodgers under his care, is that of a depository
for hire; provided, however, that in no case
shall the liability exceed the sum of $100 for
each trunk and its contents, $50 for each
valise or traveling-bag and its contents, and
$10 for each box, bundle or package and con
tents, so placed under his care, unless he shall
have consented in writing with the owner
thereof to assume a greater liability.
If an innkeeper, hotel-keeper or boarding
and lodging house keeper keeps a fireproof
sate and gives notice to a guest, boarder or
lodger, either personally or oy posting up a
printed notice in a conspicuous place in the
office or in the room occupied by the guest,
boarder or lodger, that he keeps such safe and
will not be liable for money, jewelry, docu
ments or other articles of unusual value and
small compass, unless placed therein, except so
fcr as his own acts shall contribute thereto, for
any loss of or injury to such articles, ii not de
posited with him to be placed therein, nor in
any cuse more ""an the sum of $250 for any or
all such property or any individual guest,
bonriier or lodger, unless he shall have given a
receipt in writing therefor to such guest,
boarder or lodger.
The evidence in the case ; which was
heard several days ago, showed there had
been no negligence on the part of the de
fendant, tnough it certainly was devel
oped that the articles had been taken from
the room of the defendant.
As this waa the first case brought up
under the new law the Justice took the
matter under advisement until yesterday,
when he rendered a decision in favor of
the defendant in accordance with the facts.
It is said that the Southern Pacific Com
pany, which had to pay out man; thou
sands of dollars to guests for losses occa
sioned by the iire at the Hotel del Monte
several years ago, as well as a number of
iarge hotel-owners, were responsible for
the passage of the amendments.
DEATH OF DANIEL MALONEY.
A Trusted Employe of the Assessor's
Office Passes Away.
Daniel Maloney, who for many years
past bas had charge of the personal-prop
erty rolls in the Assessor's office, died sud
denly yesterday at his home, 1753 Howard
street, of heart disease.
Deceased was one of the best-known of
the municipal officers and one of the
mo?t trusted emyloyes of the Assessor's
Department. He entered the office under
Alexander Badlam, and after serving that
official eight years was retained by the
next incumbent, Asse-sor Holtz. L f nder
Nealon's administration he was deposed,
but was reinstated by the present Assessor.
He leaves a widow and one child as well as
a host oT friends.
Bohemia is so called because it was set
tled by the Boii, a tribe of Germans.
NEW TO-DAT.
O/^ f* and
CloaKs °™t§>wl£
120?£ear}&<3tr
Gigantic
Clearance
Sale-Cloaks
Suits-Furs.
Not "Back Numbers," but the
newest, nobbiest garments in the
city, reduced one-third to one-half
from beginning-of-season prices.
FINE CHINA SEAL FIR CAPES,
look and wear like real a«>al, silk
lining throughout, length .4 inches; <JT>"I Q. 50
were $19, now only .- «3> LO
27 Inches, were $22 50, now .....$l5 00
30 inches, were £.7 50. now .'.sl6 50
Any of above with Bisck Marten Collar 83
extra.
BLACK BALTIC SEAL FUR CAPEB,
. 24 inches long: were $13 50, now f11»7.50
0n1y... «Jp !___
WOOL SEAL CAPES, Opossum edged,
Bilk lined, 24 inches Ions; were <2» 1 c\ sft
; now only tjp i«i Z-
-27 Inches, were ,now .' .....$l5 00
SO Inches, were , now ; $17 50
t HEAVY TAILOR'S
*F&* SKt'.GE DRESSES, box
li'Jf fronta.jackets and skirts
r/ fully lined, -tiiaci- or
/^ST^JJC?^ blue; were 22 60, rs-
\ ducedto^
v I ■ilvf/ ROUGH BOUCLE-
NS-Wat CLOTIIDKESSES.box
& ! '/Xii fronts, skirts and Jaelc-
VT^ffi ets fully lined, many
>!>•-■ •«? different color effects';
// -k\ $IB°6O 29 ' reduco<l lo
■ / a\ VERY SPECIAL-
ha U%\ 275 FINK CLOTH
lit 'W\ I( "ESSES, box-jacket
V?# B f,y le » ant > »»ll skirts,
-^li— •*— ' " the 815 srnde; choice
now for $7 50. ' v '""" ; *DOWNFALL OF HARKNESS
Academy of Sciences' Election
Disastrous to the Old
Regime.
OPPOSITION'S CLEAN SWEEP.
The Davidson-Crocker-Molera Faction
Carries Everything — Annual
Meeting.
The Harkness forces were completely
routed yesterday at the Academy of
. s and every man opposed by the
Drocker-Davidson-Molera junta was de
feated. There were cast 135 votes out of a
total membership of 198, the largest vote
Las been polled in year?. The full
"•'members" or opposition ticket was
elected as follows: President, David
ftarr Jordan; first vice-preident, William
E. Hitter; second vice-president, H. H.
Behr; corresponding secretary, J. OB.
Gunn; recording secretary, G. P. Rixford ;
rer, 1,. H. Foote; librarian, Charles
A. Keeler; director of museum, J. Z.
Davis; trustees— W. 0. Burnett, W. S.
Chapman, Charles P. Crocker, W. S.
Keyea, K. J. Molera, George C. Perkins
a;.«l C. W. Stewart.
l>r. Harkness received 64 vote* against
To for air. Molera for director;
H. Hittell 55 against 79 for J. OB.
for i :;g secretary; Charles A.
for Carlos F. Trover
for librarian, and Dr. Behr 7" iinstsß
for l>r. J. G. Cooper for seen i vice-presi-
The amendment to the constitution,
giving the trustees broad scope for the
investment of surplus funds ol the acad
emy received 41 affirmative votes to 31
against it. As the vote in favor iru not a
majority of the votes cast there is some
question whether the amendment was
adopted or not.
The officers of election were Dr. Gustav
risen and J. J. Rivers, judges, and Ernest
F. Lorquin and Fred Gatzon inspectors.
The polls closed at (> o'clock in the after
noon and in the evening the regular an
nual meeting of the ideray was t:eld,
with the verer.tr. l>r. Harkues3 in the
chair for th« last time.
Frank Y. lias long been con-
I with the academy, and Professor
of the University of
on recommendation of
the < life members. Otto
Van G Hermann Kower, a pro
- ty of California, were
elected re-- :ent mem:
A report from the president of the board
of trustees, Charles F. Crocker, was read
by General Foote. Mr. Crocker gave an
account of the ■ losing up of the Lick tru?t
and turning over of the funds to the acad
emy. He said that owing to the putting
up of many new builciincs the rents of
othces and stores were falling off.
The report of the treasur r. Lucius H.
Koote, showed that the receipts of the
academy for 1895 had been $27,503 95 and
tie disbursement;- (34,569 47.
President H:\rkness delivered a short
address, in which he reviewed the work of
the academy for the past year, which, he
said, had been memorable for the activity
Ol the members and excellence of the work
performed.
President Jordan was asked as to the
future work of the academy last evening.
He said :
First, Iwßnt to say till however much Dr.
HartnerS may have been criticized, there tan
be Jio question in ruy mind that he has been
one of the most faithful - - -.ins the academy
has ever bad. For many yenrs he has devoted
hII his time to it end has scarcely ever thought
of anything else.
As to my own purpose, I cfin only say that I
accpji:ed tr.e preside soy ling to be able to
help the academy by he.pi ig ncience through
the academy. I wish to do ail I can in the
way of encouraging oripinal investiij.H
ticn. To that end we mu?t look to the
development of the museum, tt.e library /\n>i
tsaeeinliy to the ploymeni of thoroughly
trained • ill ■ .-■:-. Another lui.ction of
tJ:<- letny li the piiDlicatii>n of the results of
original research. These have in the pa>t rep
resented the best original work done in O.iilor
nia, »nd they will k--ep up with the growth of
re>e»n > h in the future.
Last year's work compares well with the
bost in the world.
GREEK CATHOLIC RITUAL.
Impressive Christmas Cere
monies in the Russian
Cathedral.
Father N. S. Greenkevick Is Ordained
an Archpriest by Bishop
Nicholas.
The second-day Curistmas services of
the Greek-Catholic faith were held in the
■ irai of St. Basil on Poweli street
vc-terday, beginning at 10 o'clock in the
morning and ending with an evening spe
cial mas* and the chanting of the Liturgy
oi St. Basil. According to the Julian cal
endar, which the Orthodox Eastern church
adheres to. Chris 1 mas comes twelve days
later than in the Gregorian method of
reckoning time.
The interior of the church was beauti
fully decorated with flowers and potted
plants until half of the spac- reserved for
the congregation was filled with blooms '
and evertreens. Against the hand
some panels and pictures— the ktt
ter rare works of art— were hung
colored lamps which added their
brilliant hues to the animated scene. The
altar of the Greek church, different from
the Roman in its arrangement, is separ- ;
ated from the auditorium by a glass parti
tion through which may be seen the
plowing lamps, crosses and other belong
ings of the sacred place.
The ceremonies ol the Eastern church
are most impressive, the uiasse«. cnants
and < ymns beiue voiced in the lately Gre
cian tongue. The priests are arrayed in the
richest vestments, in striking contruet to
the more simple altar robes of ttie other
faiths.
Vest- rday morning the services began
with a grand prayer chant by a choir of
twelve voices underthe leadership of P*ter
Ignatich Pepoff and composed of I. Gre- j
pachevbky, A. ZoubkovsKy, N. Kensky,
B. L. Pasnkovsky, Misses Ella and Mary
Dabovich, George and John Mitrcpolsky,
Mrs. Miller. Misses Julia, Nellie and Mary
Mitropotsky. It was a noble melo y,
seldom excelled in any church ser
vice, \«-ith a matchless bass that was !
prolonged after tlie other sin-ers had I
ceased and blended with the reading
of the officiating priest. Right Rev. j
Bishop Nicholas 01 thisdiocese, assisted by j
F;itners N. 8. Greenkevich and Mitro- '
jolsky. While the choir rendered their
splendid music the Bishop passed through
the auditorium ivinciDflE the censer before
the holy p t ctures and othef sacred articles
within the church.
Aficr a sermon delivered partly in Eng-
Hsb Father Greenkevicb took his place be
fore the altar and with impressive cere
monies was invested with the honors of
archpriestship, the highest order of priest
hood under the oflice of Bishop. How
ever, only a monk who is a celibate can
be raided to the bishopric. Priests may
Jj.arry :n the Greek-Catholic church.
ihe new archpriest is a scholarly Rus
sian, speaking: English fluently, and has
been in this City for several years. He
will remain attached to St. Basil's Ca
thedral.
Deacon Nicholas Wasilieff was then or-
dained as a priest and solemnly robed in
the Garments of his new office.
In ths evening vespers were celebrated
by Father Kamneff with the customary
melodies by the choir.
To-day the Christmas services will be
concluded and to-night special services,
with a Christmas-tree for the children, will
be held in the cathedral.
FOR THE ARMENIANS.
Arrangement* for Hie in
Metropolitan Hall Concluiied-
The Revs. Voor^anger, Moreland, Walk,
Minton and Filben of the executive com
mittee having in charge the arrangement
of a meeting in behalf ot the Armenians
held another meeting yesterday and con
cluded arrangements for the mass-meeting
to be held m-xt Monday evening in Metro
politan Hall.
The announcement was made that May
or Sutro had accepted the invitation to
preside at the meeting.
John Conner, the historical wriier, was
chosen to prepare a historical sketch of
Armenia and the people, to De read at the
meeting.
At) invitation waa sent to Archbishop
Roirdan to take part in the exercises of the
evening.
The committee received a number of
: programmes of meetings held in Boston,*
Baltimore and New York in aid of the
Armenian cause.
It is proposed to hold a number of meet
ings in this City under the banner of the
Ked Cross Society, of whicli Clara Barton
I is such a prominent member, to instruct
the people in regard to the country in
which so many have been ruthlessly mur
dered.
No addition has been made to the list of
speakers for the evening announced in
last Tuesday's issue of The Call.
THE BUCKLEY PRIMARY.
Ex-Supervisor Dundon's Enemies
Trying to Depose Him
From Power.
With the Exception of Colonel O'Byrne's
Quarrel the Situation Is Fairly
Peaceful.
The election officers who will run the
Buckley Democratic primary next Satur
day night were chosen last evening in
most of the districts by the district com
mittees of twenty-rive, composing the gen
eral committee.
This was a very easy operation in most
of the districts. In nearly all there are no
contests, or none that have not been fixed
up. and in those there will be but one
ticket.
In several districts opposing leaders and
factions are rivals for district power
which might help nominate men and get
patronage if Bcckleyites get orrices. It is
the policy of die primary committee of
twenty-five, of which M. J. Donovan is
chairman, to manufacture harmony out of
discord and to get such rival factions to
agree on a sincle ticket which will divide
the representation in the general com
mittee.
The committee on supervision and arbi
tral d has sra \-> eded admirably in all the
districts except the Thirty-second and
Thirty-fifth, in which bloody wan is
pending. In the Thirty-fifth Colonel John
i) Byrne and Larry Dolan are respectively
at the heaii of oppo-ing factions and the
fueling is hitler. Dolan and his friends
are in the majority.
The committee succeeded in fixing up
an agreement on one ticket, Dolan taking
twenty dej<?gate» to the general committee
and O Byrne's fnends happened to have a
majority of those pre ent and they chose
the inspector and two other oilicers, giving
the majority a minority of the election
officers.
The inspector is, of course, everything
at a primary, for thp faction that has him
can win "hands down in spite of any
thing. The O'Byrne people acted accord
ing to the rules" last night, but :he other
Fearful that unother ;ic,-;et might be
spru lg in spite of the agreement, rebelled,
roared an i began a row thai tl c commit- :
tee will have to settle over again.
Down in the Thirty-second there is a big
and a determined war on ex-Supervisor
Dnndon. James H. O'Brien of the pri
mary committee was appoined to settle
things, an-l he went to the meeting last
night, but after a .on- session it * ke up
in a row which will be Continued iight. j
There are several r<a-ous why a ....^e ele- ;
ment in Dun ion's district are trying to
chase him out of power. In 1892 he be- ;
came an active reorganized, but was one of
the earliest to return to the Buckley camp.
The "old-timers" are thus down on him.
When he was Supervisor he voted to cut
down some wages and salaries in which
his political constituents were interested.
Then he is charged with having acted in
decently, ungratefully and unwisely in
distributing patronage. For these and
otner reasons a «rhole lot of Thirty-second
District Democrats are crying "Down
Dundon !"
Dundon holds about half of the delega
tion from that district in the precinct sen
feral committee. When the new members
of the general committee were nominated
the other night a Dundon man was named
for sub-president and himself for vice
president. Since then he has surrendered
both oth'ces, but the anti-Dundon faction
refuses to put up its knife, and a harmo
nious ticket with divided power the pow
ers have not been able to produce.
It looks as though there would be a reg
ular oid-tinu- primary down there, and the
primary committee will probably have to
appoint election officers, take charge of
the ballot-box and let Dnndon and his
enemies fight it out on Saturday night.
At t c election the polls will onen in
each district at 7:30 p. M. This would give
time for but a part of the vote enrolled to
be polled. In most districts tins will make
no difference. In districts where two
tickets will be in the field the time will
probably be extended an hour later than
9: HO p. m.
The following selections of election offi
cers were reported last night:
Twenty-eighth District — Inspector, James
Heaney;" judges, Thomas A. liickfy, James
isoa ; clerks, H. Desham, J. F. Crane.
1 wenty-niutn— insi-ector, Thomas Lawlor;
Howeri Phillips, John Tvrrell; clerks,
11. .1. <i..hagher, J. J. Lynch.
Thirtieth— Inspector, George Smith; judsres,
John Carney, Joseph Killcline; clerks, Peter
Hau.-k, J. Shaley.
Thirtv-iirst— liispector.E. F. Enright; judges.
M. A. ( iarke, Harry Daley; clerks, M. O'Dou
nell, Martin Ratigan.
Ttiirty-sixth— Inspector.JHuKh Foley ; judges,
Jnm:s Ho, veil, James McCounell; clerki, Alired
Gisien, P. Dritcoll.
Fortieth — inspector. J. Phillips; judges,
Charles Weilander, M. >fcLaughlin; clerks,
Joseph Keli., K. McLane.
Fortv-first— lnspector, J. B. Sherrard: judges,
Patrick < anavan, K. Langford; clerks, F. 11.
Larkey, John Hopkins.
Forty-thinl-Jn.-iKctor, Edward Riley; judges,
James Stevenson, Thomas A. Hickey : clerks,
H. Derham. J. F. Crane.
Forty-fourth — Inspector, W. G. Brltton;
indees, M. Ilarrigan, H. Benges ; clerks, Charles
McCarthy Jr., John Keane.
Forty-fifth— lnspector, Captain J. Phillips;
ipdgea, Edward Foley, John Harrigan; clerks,
Ralph Cohen, Peter Beuker.
Stopped Four Hours.
A broken strand on the Markct-3treet cable
caught a car at McAllister street yesterday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. Before any damage was
done the cable was stopped and pulled around
till the damaged part reached the carhouse at
Valencia street, where the break was repaired.
This reouired four hours' time, during which
the Valencia, ("astro, llaight, Hayes and Me
Allister street lines were all tied up.
Quarantine of Heat Animals.
In.strurMloni were received by Collector of
the Port John H. Wise to quarantine hereafter
all meat animals from South America lnr
fifteen days after arrival. In case any animal
is found to be diseased the period of quaran
tine is to l>e extended for ninety days. There
has been no quarantine of animal importa
tions from South America, heretofore.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1896.
OUT FOR REFORMATION.
Earnest Seekers for Purer Civic
Conditions Meet in
Council.
■
PLANS AND PROJECTS DRAWN.
The Magdalen Asylum to Be Visited
and Inspected— Reports of
Committees.
The devotee of fashion's fickle deity
would have looked in vain for a kindred
soul at yesterday's meeting of the Wo
men's Federation. Gay bonnets, nodding
plumes, and rustling silk attire were
known but by their lack, save in the case of
one dear creature who positively refused
to permit any mention of her name or
costume in the dreadfui newspapers.
However, in the little sky parlor in the
Young Men's Christian Association build
ing a knot of women had gathered for a
noble purpose. What matter, though
their methods may have seemed unparlia
mentary, unscientific— in fact, essentially
womanlike— still they had a noble end
in view: the reformation of the City's
morals, nothing more nor less.
Mrs. Patterson of tha New Woman's
Club, Mrs. J. M. Peoples of the Woman's
Cumberland Presbyterian Missionary
Union, Miss Cummings of the Northern
Women's Christian Temperance Union,
Mrs. Lewis, Mrs. Williams and Mrs. Oat
nian of the Central Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, and a number of
other ladies prominent in church and
charitable work were present, and while
the attendance was not large, the meeting
was by no means lacking in interest.
Before any work was done the assembled
ladies were thrown into some consterna
tion by the unheralded entrance of a gen
tleman. He seemed a harmless sort of fel
low and introduced himself as a reporter
from one of the morning naners.
'"I told ;he editors,' remarked Mrs.
French from her perch in the presidential
chair, "that 1 wanted none but lady re
portera present at our meetings.'
A mutherly-looking lad., moved that the
reporter be allowed to remain, and the
motion being seconded and DUt, was car
ried, though the chorus of ayes was rather
feebie.
"You may stay, sir," said Mrs. French,
in a somewhat magisterial and by no
means cordial tone, "though had you not
been present the decision of the ladies
ini^ht have been different."
The first action taken was the nomina
tion and election of members for the
executive committee of the federation,
with the result that that body now con
sists of the following members: President,
Mrs. Rose M. French; vice-presidents,
M ("iiiames Louise A. Sorbier and D. J.
Bpencer; secretary, Mrs. J. M. Brown;
corresponding secretary, Mrs. E. M. North;
treasurer, Mrs. Nellie* I>. Eyster: auxili
aries, Miss Eva E. Bates, Mrs". H» H. Luce
and Mrs. J. M. Peoples.
Mrs. M. A. Nash, representing the Girls'
Training-school and Home, on Hill street,
was elecied auditor, and Mrs. It. Patterson
and Mrs. N. B. tfiddoi) were added to the
PuliceCVurt ana Prison committee, Mr^.
Patterson bein^ turther authorized to in
vestigate the labyrinthine precinc.sof the
divorce courts lor the purpose of seeing
whether '.he federation would be justified
in organizing a special committee to deal
with ma.ters coming up before these tri
bunals.
Mr~. ilarnish and Mrs. Nash were ap
pointed to investigate the "sweating" sys
ten>, as it is said to be in vogue in some of
the larger business houses. A committee
was to have been organized to visit ana
inspect the Magdalen Asylum, under the
chaperonage of a weli-icnown Catholic
society lady, but the measure was laid over
until the following meeting.
The Methodist deaconess. H. Ida Ben
son, was added to the committee on dives
and Mrs. liarnish to tlie press committee.
Mrs. Al. J. Payne was deputed to in
vestigate the condition of shopgirls and
confer with Commissioner Firzgorald re
garding the adoption ot measures for the
amelioration of their condition. Miss
Cunimiugsi also volunteered to attend a
meeting of the Gleaners' Club to ask in
formation in reference tn tne same matter.
Much discussion regarding indecent bill
boards and posters enlivened the session
at this stage. Mrs. Nash said she had
seen advertisemenis of plays posted over
every available si ace of boarding and con
sidered almost all of the posters indecent.
Mrs. French agreed with Mrs. Nash.
"Ttiere have been," she remarked, "vo
men of sufficient courage to walk up to
those nasty posters and tear them down,
ami. dear sisters, I'll tell you one thing:
those noble women were never pun
ished, though they were hauled up in
court. It must not'be imagined, though,
that I recommend such vigorous measures
in practice."
Mrs. Peoplesof the committeeon Christ
mas letters reported that the cheery mis
sives had been handed to about* forty
drunkards at the City Prison, and had
been in every instance courteously re
ceived. These letters were written Lv
ladies in this country and England, and
contained messages,of encouragement and
consolation to the unknown recipients.
Mrs. French spoke with some warmth
and at considerable length upon the
recent North Beach scandal. She said the
aged reprobates Involved had escaped very
lightly, and she wished to enter a most
emphatic protest against what stie consid
ered a flagrant ruiscarriaire of justice.
She also stated that a woman was prowl
ing about the City in a most mysterious
and alarming fashion, erdeavoring by
means of blandishments and threat- to
coerce the mothers of the giris connected
with the affair into preventing their
daughters from testifying.
"This woman," continued Mrs. French,
"is trying to bring discredit upon our
work by the most artful means. I fear
she may be suspected of brine an emissary
from our federation, deputed by us to op
pose and harass the police. In order to
correct this erroneous impression, if in
deed it exist, I have asked the Chief of
Police to have the woman watched, and
her words, actions and appearance care
fully noted. I hope I have the feder
ation's approval for my action."
"The ladies would all approve your
course if they had seen the woman," was
Miss Cummings' pithy reply.
"Oh. dear! Did you "see her?" "Ob,
my! What was she like?" were a few
of the exclamations evoked by Miss Cum
mings' remark.
"1 saw her," continued Miss dimming--,
"in a little room off Judge Conlan'e court
room. She was talking with three little
girls, a woman and a man, and said she
belonged to the Associated Charities and
to the San Francisco Benevolent Society.
She mentioned Mr. Beeching as one of
her friends. Then I knew there must be
something crooked, for Mr. Beeching was
dead and buried ion;: ago. bue talked
about you. too," said Miss Cummings, ad
dressing the president.
"Talked about me?" repeated Mrs.
French, excitedly; "for goodness 1 sake
what did siie say ?'"
"Well," rejoined Miss Cummings. "she
said you were running here and there and
everywhere all over the City after these
girls nnd trying to get people into trouble."
"I don't care what she said," was Sirs
Frencii's retort, delivered in a tone of
supreme disgust.
Miss Ciimmings administered a little of
the balm of consolation.
"I am sure we all hold Mrs. French in
the highest esteem for her noble endeavors
in the cause of purity and right. I for one
tare nothing for what any one may say to
the contrary."
Another grievance was found in the fact
that one of the men implicated in the
North Beach affair, Henshaw by name,
had been servi:.,' as trusty at the City
Prison while his sentence' called for in
carceration in tiie County Jail. Miss
Cummings reported that at the earnest
solicitations of some of the lady members
oi t lie federation ne had latterly been sent
thither.
Mrs. French referred to the present stat
ute relating to such crimes. Bhecoasid
ered it very inadequate. She desired this
fact to be as publicly known as pospibie,
in order that measures mignt be set on
foot for a change in the present legisla
tion. In the meantime bhe thought
watchful, wideawake women could do a
great deal if they would only keei> their
eyes open and their wits about them.
On motion ol Mrs. Fairbanks it was
ordered that Mrs. J. Bruner be made a
memier of the committee who will visit
the Magdalen Asylum in the near future.
The prison committee was ordered to pre
sent a detailed statement of its work at
the next meeting.
Before an adjournment was taken Mrs.
Harnisti presented a motion, seconded by
a lady who begsed that her name might
be kep* out of print, to trie effect that the
thanks of the federation be tendered to
Tiie Call and some other journals for
their reports of the federation's proceed
ings. The motion was carried unani
mously by a rising vote, Mrs. French re
marking Dhilosophically :
"It's better for the papers to make fun
of us than to leave us and our work alone
altogether."
SLACK IS TO PRESIDE
He Was the Unanimous Choice
of the Superior Court
Judges.
Insanity Commissioners Remain as
They Were — Next Year's
Jurymen.
The twelve Superior Judges met in con
clave yesterday afternoon to elect a new
Presiding Judge, to pass upon a new In
sanity Commission and to submit the
names of jurors.
The election of a Presiding Judge was
the most important piece of work, and the
choice of the meeting fell unanimously
upon Judge Charles W. Slack, Judge of
Department 10. He wiil preside for the
coming year.
The Insanity Commissioners were not
molested. They were Drs.Windelle.Wads-
JUDGE CHARLES W. SLACK, WHO NOW PRESIDES OVER THE SUPERIOR
COURT OF SAN FRANCISCO.
[From a photograph. J
worth, Lustig and Rcthers, and they will
remain tke Commissioners as heretofore.
The remainder of the meeting was taken
up with submitting the names of 144 grand
jurors, twelve from each Judge, and MOO
irial jurors, 300 from each Judge. The
Judges will meet again next Saturday to
canvass the names.
James Co ff rath, who has for so long ac
ceptably beld the position of secretary to
the Judges, has also been retained, and
without question.
THE NEW GR AMERY.
725 Market Street, Bancroft Build-
ing.
To oripinate ideas for the benefit of their
customers has been the constant endeavor
of Yournr <ft Weisman, the proprietors of
this justly famous r -taurant. While, their
success has troubled their competitors they
have continued to attract customers and
then to hold tm?m by a first-class service
and the best quality of food that the mar
ket could offer. To insure the purity and
freshness of their milk, cream, butter,
eggs and vegetables, they are produced on
the private ranch of the proprietors, and
their meats are furnished by Mr. S. Solo
mon, who has built up the reputation or
the drill Room of the Palace Hotel by the
quality of meats which he has furnished
to that house. Pastry is not neglected at
the Creamene, every article in the shape
of bread, pies, cakes, etc., used in the
house being produced on the premise*, by
which means the supply i« always fresh
and toothsome. The Creameries coffee
has a reputation extendme all over the
State, in fact every ankle on its bill of fare
is noted for its perfection in preparation
and s-ervice.
Ci apin's Orchestra is in daily attendance
and discourse? the very best of music dur
ing meal hours. Among the later innova
tions at the Creamerie is a table de hote
dinner which is served on Sundays at a
nominal ligure of fifty cents and will be
found to equal any dinner offered in the
City.
A trial of any meal at this justly cele
brated restaurant will convince one of its
admirable good qualities and remove any
doubt as to the cause of its excessive pop
ularity. *
Dancing in a Cathedral.
A singular and attractive relic of the
custom of dancing in churches is still
practiced three times a year in tbe great
cathedral of Seville — namely, on the feast
of the Immaculate Conception and of
Corpus Christi, and on the three last days
of the carnival.
Ten choristers, dressed in the costume
of pages of the time of Philip 11, with
plumed hat?, dance a stately but most
graceful measure for about half an hour
wahin the iron screens in front of the
high altar.
They are dressed in blue and white for
the Blessed Virgin and in red and white
for Corpus Christi. The boys accompany
the minuet-liko movements with theclint
ling of castanets.
During the measure a hymn arranged
for three voices, with orchestral accom
paniment, is sung in honor of the Blessed
Sacrament.— Tit Bits.
WILL AID THE MINERS
The Board of Supervisors Have
Adopted a Memorial to
Congress.
PROPOSED I-AWS ADVOCATED
So-Called Party Walls on the Old City
Hall Site to Be Torn Down at
Once.
The Board of Supervisors put in a strong
plea for the mining industries of California
yesterday in a resolution offered by Super
visor Spreckels, which was passed without
a dissenting voice. It was as follows:
WHBBSAS, The prosperity of our State must
ever depend in part upon" her varied and ex
tensive mineral resources, from which flow an
nually millions into the channels of com
merce; and -.vhereas, the further development
of our mining industry must depend in a great
measure upon favorable legislation by our
National Congress; now therefore be it
Resolved, That our Senators and Representa
tives in Congress be requested to use all honor
able means to secure tile passage of the bills
introduced at the present session of Congress
at the request of the California Miners' Asso
ciation, said bills being four in number and
entitled respectively as follows:
I— A pill to amend chapter VI of title 32 of
the Revised Statutes, relating to mineial lands
anoi mining resources.
2— A bill to appropriate money for the con
struction of works to impound mining debris
and thereby protect the navigable streams of
California.
3— A bill to amend the act entitled "An act
to create the California mining and debris
commission and regulate hydraulic mining In
the State of California," approved March 1,
1893, by amending section 'Z'l thereof.
4— A bill to provide for ascertaining and de
termining the character of certain lands in
California.
Resohf'l, further, That a copy of this resolu
tion be forwarded by the clerk of this board to
each of the Senators and Representatives in
Congress from California.
The report of the Committee on Munici
pal Buildings recommending that J. J.
Raver, the contractor for the removal of
the old City Hall buildings, be instructed
to at once tear down the walls claimed by
property-owners on Washington street to
be party walls, was adopted.
The milk ordinance proposed by the
Board of Health and favored by the Health
and Police Committee, with the exception
of the provision for a milk inspector, was
passed to print.
Supervisor King introduced a resolution,
which was opposed by Supervisor Hobbs,
providing for the raising of the salary of
t he assistant plumber of the new City Hall
from $60 to $75 per month.
On motion of Supervisor Taylor J. C.
Hines was appointed janitor of the Li
cense Collector s office, vice J. L. Smith,
resigned. It waa stated thet County Clerk
Gurry had provided a place for Smith in
his ofhce. The motion was carried unani
mously.
It was expected that the Wagner ordi
nance abolishing pool-selling iii the City
and County of San Francisco would be
brought up for final passage, Supervisor
Taylor having announced at the last meet
ing that he would vote in favor of passage
to print in order to move for reconsidera
tion.
It was not taken up, however, and will
probably be disposed of at the next meet
ing.
OAKLAND TO HELP.
Alameds County Supervisors Send to Congress
an Indorsement of Certain Bills.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, }
908 Broadway, Jan. 6. J
At the regular meeting of the Board of
Supervisors this afternoon Grant I. Tag
gart addressed the board in favor of some
resolutions which the California Miners'
Association wished to have indorsed.
They were unanimously indorsed.
The resolutions were as follows:
Whereas, The prosperity of our Sta-te must
ever depend in tart upon her railroad and ex
tensive mineral resources, from which flew
annually millions into the channels of com
merce; and whereas, the further development
of our mining industry must depend, in great
measure, upon favorable legislation by our
National Congress; now, therefore,
Jietnlved, That our Senators and Representa
tives in Congress be requested to use ail honor
able means to secure the passage of the bills
introduced at the present session of Congress
at the request of the California Miners' Associ
ation, said biils being four in number ani en
titled, respectively, as iollows:
"A bill to amend chapter 6 of title XXXII
of the Revised Statutes relating to mineral
lands and mining resources."
"A bill to appropriate money for the con
struction of worts to impound mining debris,
and thereby to protect the navigable streams
of California."
"A bill to am^nd the act entitled 'An act to
create the California Debris Commission, and
regulate hydraulic mining in the Slate ot Cali
fornia,' approved March 1, Irf9s, by amending
section 23 thereof.''
"A bill to provide for ascertaining and de
termining the character of certain lands in the
State of California."
Resolved further. That a copy of this resolu
tion be forwarded by the clerk of this board to
each of the Senators and Representatives iv
Congress from California.
WANTS BIG DAMAGES.
Richard Div.m Was Thrown From a
Powell-Street Car and Has Sued
the Company.
Richard Dixon is a little man who was
thrown from a Powell-street car by a big
conductor. Now he wants damages for
his injured body and feelings, ana yester
day brought suit against the Market-street
Railway Company, through his attorney,
Albert M. Armstrong, for $5000.
Dixon boarded a car a: Filbert and
Mason streets on the morning of Decem
ber 3, ISSS, intending to ride to Francisco
street, which was oniy three blocks away.
lie claims that as he paid his fare he told
the conductor to stop at Francisco street,
but that the conductor failed to ring the
bell trheu they neared the crossing. He
asked the conductor sharply why he didn't
itop. He says that olticial paid no atten
tion to him, but devote -i himself to clean
ing his nails. He then sail!, '■See here, 1
told you to stop here." Still the conductor
cleaned hi 3 nails. He then swore a bit at
the conductor and this seemed to anger
him. He jerked the bellrope, and then
grabbing Dixon by the collar threw him
into tho street, while the car was still mov
ing. When the car stopped the conductor
lifted Mr. Dixon 's little boy off, and then
went on without stopping to see if Dixon
were hurt or not.
William Campbell, who has a grain ware
house at section 1 of the seawall, saw Dixon
thrown off the car. He gave the injured
man his card and told him he was at his
service. Patrick Mooney of 3 Roach street
also saw the affair, and says undue vio
lence was used. JMxon's right hip, side
and arm were injured.
The car was No. 1115. The conductor's
name was-Cosgrave.
PORTLAND COMPETITION.
It Is Proposed to Keep the South
Coast in Regular
Service.
She Will Touch at Coos and Humboldt
Bays for Freight on All Her
Voyages.
! As the result of the three-cornered rate '
war now in progress between the Southern
Pacific Company, the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company and the North Pa
cific Steamship Company for business be
tween this City and Portland. Or., a new
steamship line has virtually been estab
lished between the cities named.
For some time past the North Pacific
Steamship Company has been running the
steamer Alice Rlanci.arri between here and
Portland, stopping at Coos and Humboldt
bays. She draws her principal revenue
from the way port traffic. This enables
her to cut rates between the terminal
points to $1 per ton, and to secure consid
erable through business by reason of the
low charges.
Recently the Oregon Railway and Nav
igation Company pvit on the South Coast,
a steam schooner, to operate in direct
competition with the Blanchard. The
South Coast arrived in this port Sunday
ni^ht, bringing down with her Assistant
General Freight Agent O'Reilly, who
made the voyage iv order to look over the
Situation, and particularly the propects of
maintaining the service permanently be
tween ere and Portland, via Coos and
Ham bold t bays, fn an interview yester
day Mr. O'Reilly said:
I came down on the South Coast to get ac
quainted with the route, as we intend to estab
llsh a reKular service to run between here anfl
Portland, touching at Coos ana Etamboldt
bays. I believe it will be made a permanent
Jine. The South Coast will be the only s..camer
employed for the present. She will "make the
round trip in about twelve days. This is a new
departure for us, but the outlook is sufficiently
bright to warrant us going into it. We had
been riL'urinEr on it for about a year or more,
and waited to get a vessel that" would Euit.
This we now have in the South Coast.
"What is the prospect o? the present
war with the Southern Pacific Company
being settled soon?" was asked.
I haven't the '.cast idea. I can only say that
when r left Portland on the 30th of December
there was no prospect of a settlement in sight;
that is. there were no negotiations In progress
lookiiiß to a settlement. My visit here has no
connection with the rate war.
Asked about the report that the South
ern Pacific was endeavoring to secure
control of the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Company, he said : ''I don't think
there is anything in that report. I don't
think the {southern Pacitic Company is
even thinking of such a thing.''
THE WHITE EAT MERCHANT.
A Small Boy Who Said They Would
Clear a House of Black Rats.
"Don't you want to buy some white
rats?" asked an urchin in an embarrassed
manner of passers-by, as he stood on the
pavement on Eleventh street, near Grand
avenue. In a rough pine box, across the top
of. which were nailed several slats, were
two white rat 3 which the youngster eyed
with the greatest solicitude. The boy's
bands were red, and his teeth chattered
from cold, as he looked appealingly at the
well-dressed men and women who glanced
at hi« small menagerie. In reply to the
questions of one kidv. ho said that'the rats
were "nice to look at, that a 'feller' could
play with them, and that they would
chase all the big black rats away from the
house." At this one of the rodents stuck
its red nose from between the slats, and
the lady instinctively started to scream.
The inquisitive rat lost a prospective
trade for its owner, who looked crestfallen.
Finally a. genniae purchaser appeared, but
both sides were in a dilemma. The box
was t o big to be carried home, and no
one had the temerity to transfer the rats
to their pockets. The boy finally gave it
up as a bad job, and, taking his box in his
arm, trudged away with his miniature
Hagenbeck collection. — Kansas City Star.
Telegraphs were invented by Schilling in
1833, by Masson and Morse in*lvS37.
NEW TO-DAT.
Farming:
Tobacco
Is perhaps the most careful
and most scientific farming
there is. The fragrant and
refreshing cigar is not the re-
sult of chance— From the se-
lection of the seed to the
finished- cigar, the highest
skill, born of long experience,
labors for perfection. That
perfection is reached in the
New
Estrella .
The old popular brand in
new shapes, new colors and
mild uniform flavor.
2 for 25c — -10c 3 for 25c.
ESB2RQ, BACHAIAN & CO., Wholesalers.
FERRY $3 PEBJOSTH.
UnUQ All Dbeasos treated by
eo-jp/M,
No. 8 Market PHYSICIAN
StPBBt S F And Medicine furnished
VMUWij U. I . fo*s3 per month.
"OF MAN'S FIRST
Disobedience and the fruit
of that forbidden fruit,"
sang and truly sang Pope.
The poet sings, the doctor
acts— acts in the "All Great
Hudyan."
Hudyan cures Constipation, certain liver
and kidney complaints, certain forms of
weakening and debilitating diseases. Hud-
yan makes man. [ Hudyan makes the weak
stronp. It is purely vegetable. Hudyan
cures falling sensations, dizziness, bowel
compln ints, nervous disorders and certain
forms of wasting diseases. Hudvan stops,
prematureness of the discharge in twenty
days; cures lost manhood— restores men
to their true selves. Strengthens, in-
vigorates and tones the entire system.
Pains in the back, losses at night and
peneral weakness give way by the use of
Hudyan. If you want to be a. man use the
great Hudyan. Circulars and testimonials
will be sent free. Write for them.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
TAINTED BLOOD- Impure H)lood. due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads ol
Eore-prodncins; germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and failing he.ir. You can -:ive a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the Hudson Medical In-
stitute, Stockton, Market and Ellis streets.
"LIVER— your liver is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a srood liver regulator,
and this you should take su once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDXEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or ; better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make the
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
sent free.
flndsou Meal Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
BXX FRANCISCO. CAL.
- .
( llinmi.ll.iu DOCTOR <«*««<-=**< ,
ENGLISH
for Coughs, Colds,
and Consumption
is beyond question the greatest of ill
modern medicines. It will stop a
I Cough in one night, check a cold in
; a day, prevent Croup, relieve Asthma, i
and cur» Consumption if taken in !
time. " You can't afford to be with- j
out it." A 25c. bottle may save your :
life 1 Ask your druggist for it. Send i
for pamphlet X the little ones have |
Croup or Whooping Cough
use it promptly. // is sun to cure. \
Three Sizes— 15c, 50c. andji. All Druggists. i
ACKBR MEDICINE CO.,
16 & 18 Chambers St., JV. Y.
FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE.
Largest Cor«et House In America. Just
received, a l;irg«- invoice of tienulno
1 lioinaon's GLOVK-Fl'iTi >(itOR.I.TS,
the oldest, most reliable and best-
know Oorseta in tho w->rld.
3 " - osr\ -
1 1! <
~f~ J ' ~
-£•*S ' I '" "' ' ■
Country Orders Promptly and Faithfully Filled.
JS'-jr Catalogue sent frep upon application.
tfg- Parcels delivered free to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley.
Make No Miatako in Our Address:
M. FfIEUD & SON,
742-74) Market St. and 10-12 Grant Aye.
TBESICCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIESIRILL JOOl
— — OF THE *%•
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROH. MARKET ST.
OPEN UXTIXi MIDNIGHT.
ii\!Z Vfill Kcn> TUrcat, l*iai{Jc3, Copper-H
jSflAyfc IUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores,
sgMUlcenj' In Month, liair-i I '.Vrite C'QOKfia
»JM!ES?EI>Y CO., 007 llasonlc TcmplrJH
nCblcn-ro, 111., for proc£3 vt cures. Capl-H
.r-sits.l, S500«000. Wont cases cured la 15 f
■E-Hto 33'da3-n. 100-pago liocli free." £
910
"THE PUBLIC SHOULD SUSPEND JUDGMENT"
That Is the Opinion En
tertained by the
Ministers.
REV. DR. DILLE TALKS.
Miss Overman Says She Has
Ever Teen All That Is
Good and True.
MRS. DAVIDSON SPEAKS AGAIN
Mrs. French Tells of Dr. Brown's At
tempt to Force Mrs. Stockton on
the Congregation.
The Brown-Davidson ease continues the
absorbing topic ofdiscnssiou. This moraine
marks the tenth day of the sensational uf
iair, and during that time not one scintilla
of evidence has been introduced by eithe
siue Droving or disproving t lie various
cbarg<
Mrs. Davidson stand? a self-admitted ex
inmate of a reform school, though she has
giveu an explanation <>f this. The story
she tells )- admittedly an extraordinary
one. but then it must ue remembered that
Mrs. Davidson is not a woman of ordinary
caliber, but possessed of all t hat finesse
which comes from acute intellect sliarjt
ened by contact with the world.
Dr. Brown, charged by the aged prisoner
with immorality, has appeared on the wit
ness-stand but Ins evidence has been di
ly toward the conviction of Mrs.
Davidson. <>n the advice of counsel he
has refused t" talk of the relations,
friendly or otherwise, existing between
himself and Miss Overman. This course
has caused the deacons of Jus own church,
ana the ministers of others, to indulge in
remarks which, while not uncompliment
ary, portend his ultimate withdrawal from
a!! connection with his present charge.
It has been stated that the reverened
gentleman's resignation lias been in the
hands of the deacons since Thursday last,
though this is emphatically denied by the
r's wife.
The disappearance of Mrs. Tnnneil is
not favorably thought of by those un
friendly to the minister. That gentleman
admitted her presence In his house on the
Sunday and Monday following the arrest
of Mrs. Davidson. Since that time 1 1 ie
mucb-wanted woman has not been seen
or heard of. It has been stated that she
w.,> in Oakland one week ago and at 4
k in t lie afternoon made a harried
rush for a train leading in the direction of
Kings County. She has relatives there,
bin a telegram received yesterday is to the
effect that she had not been seen.
The ca-o seems to have reached the stage
of anonymous communications. Yester
day morning Attorney Gallagher received
a letter from Seattle purporting to come
froru a person who has in days past
known Miss Overman.
Miss overman denies bitterly the truth
of al! that has been said reflecting on her
character. "All these dispatches published
about me constitute a tissue of falsehoods."
she said yesterday. "It is all the work of
my enemies. J did not know that I had
so many. I am a poor, defenseless girl,
and fcr that reason am attacked this way."
Mrs. Davidson intimates that she is
keeping in reserve a bit. of spicy evidence
concerning Pastor Browii that will over
shadow all that has been told heretofore.
•'There are many things connected with
the Fir^t Congregational Church," she
said, "which need airing. Dr. Brown is
not the only one in that church guilty of
immoral conduct. There are one or two
old coats around that sacred edifice who
are as deep in the mud as their leader is in
the mire. They know that lam aware of
this, and I rather suspect that they are
quaking in their hints. I may consent to
tell more later on, though I think the pres
ent exposure will be enough to warn them
from t.'iiir evil ways
"Concerning my life, there is little I can
add to the story published in The Call of
to-day. I have traveled all over America,
and was always thrown in direct contact
With the must eminent people. At Wash
ington, twtmty and thirty years ago, I
knew the leading men of the day, my own
position and that of my family giving me
entry into the best circles.
"Of coarse, all this has nothing to do
with my present situation except that it
shows that I am not the woman some
people would have the public believe. I
knew Abe Lincoln well and recall with in
linite pleasure the first time 1 met him at
the White House. During the war I went
to the front with my husband, and staid
with him through that long and dreadful
period."
En passant, Mrs. Davidson tells a little
incident which occurred during the pre
liminary hearing on Saturday. "Dr.
Brown was sitting just back of me," she
said, "though I did not know it until I
felt his fcivengali eyes fixed upon me.
Turning round I said, 'Dr. Brown, I am
very sorry for you.' After a moment's
hesitation he replied, 'And I, madam, am
very sorry for you.'
"That man is a capital actor and 1 am
glad to see that he showed temper when
an allusion was made to his wife. As long
aj I have known him that is the first time
he has ever shown her the slightest con
sideration. Dr. Brown swore on the stand
that he caused me to give him the receipt
for $000 that he might have tangible evi
dence against me. When lam placed on
the stand I shall give the real reason why
the receipt was given, and 1 shall be pre
pared to prove everything I say."
The Ladies' Foreign Missionary Society
held its regular meeting at the First Con
gregational Church yesterday. During a
very earnest prayer i/Vred by the secre
tary, a special blessing was invoked for
Dr. Brown and Miss Overman.
Dr. Di!le, pastor of the Central Metho
dist Church, is of the opinion that Judg
ment should be suspended untrl the case
has been thoroughly investigated by the
courts. He blames Dr. Brown for having
paid the blackmail money, and he thinks
bis greatest crime was a little silliness and
imprudence.
'Enemies of churches," he said yester
day, "are always eager to hear anything
■gainst them, and are of course elated
over this scandal. Their eyes are always
open for just such things, and they erasp
and magnify anything which gives
strength to their argument.
"But among right-minded people there
is, so far as I can guther, an entire suspen
sion of judgment. Dr. Brown, I think,
\as been the victim of a malicious plot — a
conspiracy most foul. He is a man of
brilliant attainments, and ha? fulfilled his
pastorate faithfully and conscientiously.
Of course a minister cannot have too high
a moral standard for himself; he should
be, like Cirsar's wife, above suspicion.
That which reflects on his character does
harm, and this present trouble is bound to
do groat harm."
Mis. Horton, 21G Eddy street, who is
reported to nave received a letter from
Mrs. Tunnell prior to that lady's departure
for parts unknown, is also among the
missing. To all callers at her house last
night it was given out that she had gone
to Oakland, and her return was extremely
uncertain. It is thought that she is in
communication with Mrs. Tunnell. though
this is denied by the young lady who
answers the door bell at L'lti Eddy street.
The preliminary bearing of Mrs. David
son will be resumed in Judge Campbell's
court to-day at 1 o'clock.
HE USED THREATS.
How Dr. Brown Wanted Mrs. Stock
ton to Perform With Young
Girls.
Now that the details of Dr. Brown's
acquaintance with the gay Mrs. Stockton
have came to light, many members of his
congregation have begun to compare dates
and events, and tlie result of these com
pnrisons is a feeling of indignation that it
was after the preacher's acquaintance
with the lady of rather romantic history,
after the kisses, the car rides and tiie
dinners at the Maison Riche, that Dr.
Brown used all his ministerial power to
force Mrs. Stockton on to the programme
of a public entertainment, which was par
ticipated in by young girls of the congre
gation.
In -May, 181*4. a Turkish tea was being
arranged for the benefit of the church.
Mrs. Frank French had charge of the pro
gram me, and when Mrs. Stockton was
proposed as a performer she made no ob
jection, as she knew nothing against that
lady's reputation. H fore the entertain
ment was fully mapped out, however,
Mrs. French received information which
made her decide that it would be doing
the girls a great wrong to allow them to
appear on the programme of a public en
tertainment with Mrs. Stockton.
Not wishing to wound the lively lady's
feelings, Mrs. French wrote a note to her
Stating that she had decided to limit the
programme to young girls. She adcie i
that there were other and graver reasons
which it wottid grieve her as much to write
as it would tlie (recipient of the letter to
hear, and she concluded by stating that
Mrs. Stockton would no doubt take the
hint and not try to force herself upon them,
when her presence would be lifcely to cast
a slur upon innocent girls.
[n stead of taking this letter in good part
Mrs. Stockton laid it immediately before
the pastor. Dr. Brown was extremely in
dignant at the slur cast upon hia protegee,
and, after prayer meeting on the evening
of the receipt of the letter, he requested
Mrs. French to remain at the church, and
tor two hours he and Mrs. Stockton threat
ened, areued and protested to induce Mrs.
French to change her mind and include
Mrs. Stockton among the performers. The
la<ly semained firm, however, in her de
cision to limit the programme to young
girls.
To have his authority ser aside in this
fashion was not Dr. Brown's idea of th
way in which church entertainment*
should be conducted, and two days later
he paid a visit to Mrs. Frank French's
home, accompanied by Mrs. Brown and
Mrs. Stockton. Viewed in the light of
later revelations, it is not considered to
have been a very pastor-like act
for the reverend gentleman to take
tne woman upon whom h<- had
been lavishing illicit kisses and dinners to
the house of a lady of spotless reputation
for the purpose of threatening that lady
into putting the woman he had kissed and
dined into prominence in a public enter
tainment participated in by the young girls
of his flock.
Dr. Brown acted In this manner, how
ever. Supported by Mrs. Brown
and Mrs. Stockton he demanded an
explanation of the unjust charges
brought against the latter, stating that
the withdrawal of her name from the pro
gramme would De likely to injure her
standing with the congregation. He also
indignantly demanded the names of the
people who could bring charges against a
lady of Mrs. Stockton's respectability,
I and reproached Mr?. Frencli with hav
j insr believed instead of investigating
: the slur?. Mrs. French, who knew
! nothing of the Brown-Stockton affair,
said it was from Washington that
; her intormation came and that she was
: BUfncietitiy satisfied with her authority
not to jeopardize the young ladies' names
by allowing Mrs. Stockton to appear with
them. Dr. Brown, filled with apparent
righteous "-rath, threatened Mrs. Frencli
with an investigation, with reporting her
unchristian conduct to the committees of
the church and with all the other ministe
rial thunders at his command, but though
the argument raged for three hours siie
stood firm in refusing to put Mrs. Stockton
on the programme.
From that day Dr. Brown showed an
animosity to Mrs. French that has been
the cause of much comment in the congre
gation, though the cause of his disiike has
not been known until now. He not only
opposed Mrs. French in the church, but
when her name was proposed some months
asro for membership in the Congregational
Monday Club, l>r. Brown worked so hard
against her admission t liar a split of opin
ion in the chib was threatened. To avoid
dissension Mrs. French refused to allow
her name to be proposed.
The fathers of the young girls who took
part in the Turkish tea are the people who
feel now that they owe a debt of gratitude
to Mrs. French, and since the publication
of the Stockton-lirown episode one or two
of them have expressed pretty strong
opinions about the ministerial effort to put
the Stockton woman before the public in
company with their daughters.
MISS OVERMAN INDIGNANT
She Declares That the Dispatches
From the North About Her
Are Untrue.
MissMattie Overman stood in the hall
of Dr. Brown's residence last evening
while addressing a reporter for The Call
and said: "I wish to say that all those
dispatches published about me this morn
ing constitute a tissue of falsehoods. In
relation to that dispatch which says that I
was a resident of Victoria, B. C, I wish to
say that I never had a dressmaking estab
lishment therp, and did not have a parlor
that was frequented by a gay set, because
| during the three weeks that I lived in that
i city 1 was sick all the time, and conse
quently could not have had much com
pany such as is mentioned in the dispatch.
"there is no more truth in the other
i dispatches than there is in that one. This
jin all the work of my enemies. I did not
j know that I had so "many. They will con
jure up everything to injure me. "Why are
sucii horrible stories devoid of truth" told
about a woman? lam poor and defense
less, and for that reason am attacked in
this way. Why are such scandalous sto
ries put in circulation? If I was such a
bad woman as some people are trying to
make me out, do you suppose that Mrs.
Brown would allow me to remain in her
house?
"These people are unable to take my
life, but they are taking my character
from me and that is almost as' bad ; but as
there is not a word of truth in what is said
I will live it down; that is, if I can. It is
a shame the people who know me should
tell such falsehoods about mo. They
should consider the feelings of my parents.
"About that man who is said to he a
waiter at Great Fal's, Mont. I left him
long ago, and I had Rood reason for doing
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1896.
so. He married me when I was a mere
girl. His manner toward me now shows
of what character he is. If he had not
fallen «o low as he has, he would not at
tack me as he has done. Ido not care to
go into the details of that matter at this
time, but if it becomes necessary I could
tell everything in court.
"I do not desire to say anything more
about this man and only wish to ndd that
I have been indignant all day ever since I
read those false stories."
Carpenters' Installation.
A meeting of the Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Joiners No. 304 was held last evening
and the following board of officers was in
stalled: President, Adolph Ilenning; vice
president, Gustav Muller; recording sectary.
Aiiio>- Dann&nfelser; financial secretary, Ru
dolph Bauer; treasurer, (ieorge Felix;" con
ductor, W. Print/; warden, Mr. Krajewsky.
Trustees— William Tangens, Charles (loldbeck,
John Felix. J>eleKfttes to the district council—
Albert Volkswinckler mid Gustav Muiler.
To Keopen the Jmx- Miller Case.
There is another phase in the Lux it Miller
litigation which is likely to prove important.
yesterday several persons, whoso names arc
withheld, were in the office of Delmas & Short
ridge, attorneys for the li.'rm.iM heirs, and
there made affidavits in the presence ol Dis
trict Attorney \v. s. Barnes and E. 8; Pillsbury,
to be used in the motion to reopen the ease.
TRACTS FOR THE HEATHEN
The Secretary of the American
Society on Its Gigantic
Work.
Sending Out Books and Pamphlets by
Millions— Work on the Pacific
Coast.
The Rev. Dr. George L. Shearer, secre
tary of the American Tract Society, the
institution that, save one, distributes more
religions literature than any other organi
zation in the world, is at the Palace.
The society is erecting a twenty-story
building at 120 Nassau street, New York,
to cost $ 1.100,00'). The ground it has owned
for many years.
Dr. Shearer is here in reference to the
circulation of literature on the Paciiic
Coast. He says the society, which is now
71 years old, is doing a gigantic work
among the various nations of the pHobf .
It prints the salient doctrine" o.' nil
evangelical denominations — a revirw of
what the Bible teaches. There are about
30,000 members in the society, am", the
various books and pamphlets are printed
in LB3 different languages and dialects.
Dr. Shearer is enthusiastic about the work
of i ! ie American Tract Society. He thinks
there is no estimating the great good it
is accomplishing. In chatting yesterday
he said :
It has circulated about 850.000,000 publica
tions and periodicals and reaches nil lands.
We have riven away publications to the
amount of $2,250,000. Tney wen- put before
the public through colporteurs, laymen, who
go trom house to hou-e. Where '.lie people
\wn- too poor to pay for them they were piven
aw«y. Wehavemade 14,000,000 iamih visits
and given awa> 16.000,000 copies of different
books.
On the l'ft'ilip Coast last year we had thirty
eight missionary colporteurs under the charge
"i the Rev. 11. P. Dunning; thirty labored In
California and the others elsewhere on this
coast. They made about 15,000 visits.
We have circulated from $35,000 to $40,000
worth of publications per annum on this coast
and in the islands. We print in Hawaiian
mid we have printed four books in Chinese.
They are standard Sunday-school books, used
all over the country. WealßO publish Chinese
and English readers and dictionaries for the
< 'hinese.
We have made a Zulu primer for the people
over In Africa where they ur'- having the war,
and we have also published it in the tongues
oi the Upper Congo, such us the Sfpongwe and
Hulu. We print in thirty-five 01 these lan
guages in New York. The wciety Is supported
mainly by and lpgacies. In the great
building which we are erectine in New York
we will have 050 rooms above the third floor.
The rein- will give us a partial endowment.
One >>i our aim< is to keep the immigrants
from various countries supplied with out liter
ature in their own language, pending the time
w hen t hey have learned to speak our language.
\\'e keep r. man at Castle Garden who under
stands many tongues, and he gives them litera
ture on th'-ir arrival.
A large part of <> -. 1 r publications is circu
lated throng}] the trade, that is through book
sellers, and as i Lave said, we also circulate a
Rev. Dr. Geoi^c L. Shearer, Secretary of
the American Tract Society.
very Inrge amount gratis to those who are Till
able to pay. We believe the press has a power.
We ase the press and the voice when we can,
but when we cannot use the voice with the
I>rexv, we use the pros- alone.
However, there to this one tinner. We must
pet our teachings into the literature of the
people who are desired to be taught. Itisthus
that we niiik:- our tenrhings permanent. Now
as to the good That we can do, aside from what
] have already given. We help the senmen by
giving them something to read and think
about that is of value to them. We help the
prisoners in the various penitentiaries, jails
and reformatories, by giving them also good
works to read. We reach people in out of the
way places, who can get nothing to read.
We also provide reading matter for the sick
in hospitals. We [natal! preachers in homes
where preachers never go. I can give you an
illustration of the good of our work." Years
ago a traveling colporteur away In the wilds of
West Virginia gave to a young woman one of
Uaxter's works, and as n result viie became a
Christian. Her daughter grew up and she also
became a Chris tiac, and afterward the ehiln oi'
the latter, and thus there were three genem
tions made Christians through timt one hook.
Old Baxter has been dead over 20Oyears.bat
he is preaching yet, That is only one illustra
tration of what a single hook did. It la Im
possible to estimate the gigantic poou of a
society such r« this, distributing ns it does its
millions ol publications each year.
Dr. Shearer will be here a couple cf weeks
at least.
PROTECTS USERS OF 'ROYAL."
Ttalcinp Towiler Company Wins Its Cage
in tli«s United StHtos Court.
Chicago Tlmes-llorald.
The decision of Judge Showalter in a recent
case that came up before him sustains the
claims of the Royal company to the exclusive
nte of the name "Royal" as a trademark for
its baking powder. The special Importance of
tnis decision consists in the protection which
it assures to the millions oi consumers of Royal
baking powder against inferior and unwhole
some compounds. The excellence of this
article has caused it 10 be highly esteemed and
largely used almost the world over. Its high
standard of quality having been always main
tained, the cupidity of other manufacturers is
excited by this high reputation and large de
mand. Very few ol the hundreds of baking
powders on the market are safe to use. If their
makers could sell them under the name of a
well known, reputable brand incalculable
damage would be done to the public health by
the deception. The determination of the
Royal Making Powder Company to protect the
users of the itnvul baking powder against imi
tators by a rigid prosecution of them mates
such imitations of its brand extremely rare. *
SLIDING DOWN THE SLIDE
Enterprise of the Boys Who Live
Near the Haight-Street
Grounds.
THEIR OPPOSITION CHUTES.
They Use a Dry-Goods Box for a Boat
and Soap Takes the Place
of Water.
The spirit of enterprise and emulation
has taken possession of the small boys
who live in t he vicinity of the Haight
street grounds and they have started op
position to the "Chutes." This enter
prise has made itself self-manifest in two
places— one on a vacant lot opposite the
llaight-street grounds and the other be
tween Belvedere and Cole streets, op
posite Beulah, two blocks north of the
grounds.
The last named has been in operation
several weeks; it is out of sight of the
general public, but i« known to the boys in
that section of the City. There is ah in
cline 180 feet long built of 2x3 scantlings
laid at an angle of 4"i degrees. These are
supported b3' posts and pieces of boards
TIIF. OPPOSITION CHUTE.
driven into the ground, and the whole has |
the appearance of a log railway such as is
used in logging camps. At the end of
the wooden rails there is a counter inclln*)
about ton feet in let* jzt ii and furnished :
witn a bumper to stop the boat on its :
downward course. A rough windlass and v t
clothes line at lue starting point is used to
haul up the 'boat which is about ten feet
lonjr and set on iron runners that rest on
the scantlings. Heavy cleats fastened to
the bottom of the boat keep it from tear- |
ing ttie scantlings on its downward run. . i
This is the joint production of Willie i
l'itcliford, aged 14, his brother Harold,
eight years old, and Revera. aged !
about ten. These youngsters are partners j
and run their chute on strict business j
principles, no dead-head tickets being is- i
sued. The charge tor a ride ia one bottle,
or a sack; three rides are given for an oil j
ran and three buys can ride for a nickel.
"We'a making money," said Harold.
"Yesterday we took in $1 7 r > in bottles,
sacks and cans and $1 05 in money. We \
aint running to-day, but come around and i
see us when we are and don't forget to say
■ that we've pot a ticket otJice."
The "slide" opposite t lie Haight-street j
ground? is in full view of all who ride <>n
the cars and lias been running but three ■
days. This was built by a co-partnership !
composed of Joe Misney, 14 years old,
Willie Delmastero, 13 years old, Tilden
Dicken, 11 years of ace and Charley '
Mester. B>.j years old. Their outfit con
sists of a '"tower" twenty feet high built of I
scantling covered with boards that have '
been treated to a coat of whitewash. On
this there is :i platform, and from each
corner there is a llagstaff from which i
floats a miniature American flag just as at
the big concern across the way. The slide '■
is also built of acantlmp a as is the other i
ones, but it is only fifty feet long with, a
flat extension of twenty feet.
In lieu of a boat these youngsters have a
dry-goods box fitted up with two seats. It
is provided With wooden runners and !
safety cleat?, and soap takes the place of i
water to make the box go the bottom.
"We built this all ourselves,"' said Char- \
lev Mester, "and nobody helped us."
When the co-partners were asked where
they obtained the lumber they winked, but
spoke not.
"We charge one bottle for a ride, and we
don't take no sacks and no tin cans, we
don't; and as we want to catch all the
trade we rive ten rides for 6 cents."
"Want to see a slide?" asked one of the
boys.
Keceiving an affirmative nftd, the speaker
and a half dozen other boys clambered up
the ladder that leads from the ground
to the platform. "The boat" was turned
over, the runners "slushed" with soft soap
and then rested on short pieces of scant
ling. When the boat - steerer gave the
word four youngsters filed into the OCX, I
which was tilted by main force, and down I
it went with the load, the boys in the
meantime yelling, "Shake her; shake her, i
boys." They reached the sandy landing I
without any bumps or accident.
"We ain't got her running smooth to- \
day," said one of the co-partners, "cause
we dint wet the track. We pour water on i
the soap and then she goes like greased |
lightning. When we slide the big boats I
on the other side ain't in it."
After a pay customer has taken his ride
he is given a card on which are the words
in rude characters, "I have slid the slide."
There is Rome talk in the neighborhood
of placing a boycott on the slide by the
housewives, who have discovered that a
serious raid is being made on their supply
of soap.
POLICE PENSION FUND.
Only One Officer to Be Retired From
Active I)uty by the Coin
misgionera.
The Police Commissioners met last night
and dismissed the charge against Police
man John .1. Cough lin for allowing Fred
Mason, a "trusty," to escape. They also
dismissed the charge of being drunk while
on duty against Policeman George P.
O'Connell, in consideration of his previous
good character and good, service.
The Commissioners then resolved them
selves into Pension Commissioners, and
the application of Policeman Jacob Ler
man to b«: retired from active service was
granted, lie has been over twenty-three
years In the department.
No action was taken in regard to the six
teen ofiicers who arc eligible for retire
ment on the pension list. It appears that
the Police Commissioners have rirst to ask
the officers to send in their resignation,
and after that is done then the Pension
Commissioners take action.
This course was pursued last July. At
tho regular meeting of the Pension Board
that month no action was taken, but at
the meeting of the Police Commissioners
two weeks later Captains Douglass, Short
and Stone, Sergeant Cohrn and three
patrolmen were asked to tender their
resignations before July 31.
It is supposed the same course will be
followed now, although Chief Crowley
said last night after the Commissioners
had been in secret session for nearly two
hours, that so far as he knew the Com
missioners did not intend to ask any of the
sixteen eligiblcs to hand in their resigna
tions.
"So long as the men are not incapaci
tated from active duty," said the Chief. "I
do not see the use of putting them on the
pension list. We have to pay full salary
to some one to take their places and half
salary to them, and it is not good policy to
burden the pension fund unnecessarily, as
there are thirty-six on the list now."
A. CLARKE IS INSOLVENT
He Filed His Petition in the
Superior Court Yes
terday.
The Value of His Assets Placed at
Three Hundred and Fifty
Thousand.
Alfred Clarke has at last petitioned to
be declared insolvent. He filed a long
document in the Superior Court yesterday,
setting forth an inventory of hi.* estate,
and the liabilities under which it is
weighted. Mr. Clarke is generally known
as "Nobby" Clarke.
His secured liabilities he sets forth as
follows:
Savings and Loan Society. $15,. r >oo, secured
by & deed of trust of » lie Douglass-street prop
erty, when? tie lives; Collaternl Bank, $.000.
secured by land; Fiwt National Bank, s^iOOO,
secured by land ; Hibernia Savings an-1 Loan
j Society on judgment, $11,5(10: Vallejo Com
mercial Hank claim, $12,000; <Jray Brothers,
1 judgment. $1100; Jacob Berte, $15.1<>1 70;
(ViUiam Ryan, note anil Mortgage, £'2000.
There are also pending against him a
suit of Max Gumpel for $11!) 20, and one
| by John P. Bixbee for $1989.
Among the actions in favor of Clarke
i are several suits against J. P. Turner ag
! jiregatintr $140,000: a suit against F. Witr
ram for possession of 1760 acres of land
valued at $100,000, and two suits for dam
ages — one against A. Uaird and others for
| false imprisonment, and the other against
; the Hoard of Health.
His unsecured debts he says include
. ninety-six notes in favor of J. F. Turner,
1 aggravating s32s,2sl, the dates of the notes
running from November 11, 1891, to July 2,
\*'ij. Tne consideration fur the making of
the notes was that Turner shouid discount
them and turn tne proceeds over to him,
I but Instead Turner took the notes to secure
; debts due to him. Jacob Bertz holds
$»">O,OOO worth of this paper. These notes,
I ihe petition states, were given and made
i without thought of fraud, and in the course
' of legitimate business transactions.
Kennedy arid Bhaw hold now notes for
$12u0. Annie F. Geggus holds notes for
: $.">OOO, Emma Clarke for $300 and Nellie L.
j Wheian for fSOO.
In his assets Clarke includes all his prop
erty mentioned in a certain deed dated
April l'T, 1891, conveying the same to J. F.
Clarke, and also that mentioned in an
other deed to the same J. P. Clarke, dated
| August 17, 1891. He surrenders the lands,
! he says, provided he has any rights in
■' them. These lands include r>!ats in the
outlying districts and some desirable lots
in the City. His total assets he estimates
at |350,000. His debts amount to $380,000.
Clarke has been struggling: along under
insolvency proceedings for some time, but
his creditors have been forcing him to it.
This time, he says, he has turned the
tables and has petitioned for insolvency
himself.
BIEDS OP PAEADISE.
Because of Their Brilliant Flumace
Ruthlessly Destroyed.
The bird of paradise most used in milli
nery is that obtained in the Papuan Isl
ands and New Guinea. Mr. Wallace, in
describing the Paradisea apoda, says:
From each side of the body, beneath the
wines, springs a dense tuft of long and
delicate plumes, sometimes two feet in
lensrth. of the most intense golden-orange
color, and very glossy, but changing to
ward the tips into a pale brown. This tuft
of plumes can be elevated and spread out
at pleasure, so as almost to conceal the
body of the bird. In his "Oiseanx dans la
Monde" of October 20, 1594, Jules Forest
bitterly deplores the destruction which has
been going on durinc the last decade.
He emphasizes the fact that it is no
loneer possible to procure such perfect
specimens as were common ten years ago,
since the unfortunate birds are so hunted
thai none (_f them are allowed to live long
enough to reach full maturity, the full
plumage of the male bird requiring sev
eral years for its development. He further
states that "the birds which flood tlie
Paris market are for the most part young
ones, still clothed in this first plumage,
which lacks the brilliancy displayed in the
older bird, and are consequently of small
commercial value."
i-ince January 1, 1892, strict regulations
for the preservation of the bird of paradise
have been in force in German New Guinea,
and M. Forest aj>peals to the English and
Dutch Governments to follow their good
example.
The common-sense of every thoughtful
woman must at once tell her't' at no com
paratively rare tropical species, such as
the bird of paradise, can long withstand
this drain upon it, and that this ruthless
destruction ir.erely to pander to the ca
price of a passing fashion will soon place
one of the most beautiful denizens of our
earth in the same category as the great
auk and the dodo. —Nature.
The Koran forbids its believers to de
stroy the vines, palm trees, fruit trees, corn
and cattle, even of their worit enemies.
EXTRADITION FOR MURDER
Indictment of Felice Merlo, the
Slayer of Augusto
* Capurro.
WITNESSES FOR THE STATE.
The American Embassy Cables That
the Accused Is in Jail
at Rome.
Two indictments were found by the
Grand Jury yesterday and reported to Su
perior ludge Slack. One charges Felice
Merlo with murder and the other charges
Philip Ratz with assaulting a girl.
There is a story connected with the Merlo
ease. On the night of May 1!), 1894, he
murdered Augusto Capnrro in a erocery
saloon at 42(j Green street, near Lafayette.
Capurro at the time worked for Hawley
Bros., on Market, street. Merlo was a
scavanger. The two men had a quarrel
over a game of cards. The amount in dis
pute was $•">, which Merlo claimed that
Capurro owed him. The latter denied the
debt, and Merlo, after brooding over his
supposed wrongs, stabbed Capurro to
death. In the darkness the murderer
made his escape, and the police ollicers
failed to tind him.
Two daughters of the murdered man re
side in this City. One is Mrs. Ida Volpe
and the other Mrs. Bacigalupi. About
three weeks ago Mrs. Bacigalupi received
a letter from Felice Merlo. in which lie
stated that he was living in Italy. In this
letter he acknowledged that he killed her
father and closed by making her a proposal
of marriage. He supposed, evidently,
when he wrote that she was a single
woman, as she was when he lied the
country. Mrs. Bacigalupi and her sistr,
Mrs. Volpe, lost no time in placing the
letter before the Chief of Police, and since
then Merlo has been arrested in Rome and
placed in jail.
District Attorney Barnes said yesterday
that a cable message was received Sunday
from the American embassy in Italy an
nouncing Merlo's detention on the charge
of murder.
The witnesses examined by the Grand
Jury in the case were Mrs. Volhe, Antoine j
Carnpglia, a partner in the place where ;
the murder was committed; Miss Mamie
Bacigaiopi, a young ludy who saw Merlo j
watching for Capurro; Dr. Kooert O'Don- j
nell, who made the autopsy, and Harry |
Sime.
When the indictment was presented in
Judge Slack' 3 court, District Attorney
ljarnes asked for the issuance of a bench
warrant for the accused, who is a fugitive
fn>ni justice.
Officer James Smith has been desienated
NEW TO-DAT.
£ The fIERcuRY E5
O O © O IMIII| IriaMMWWt «^^ -^^v
! g^: Sunshine, Fruit NOW RFADY
£3 and Flowers... NOW KbAUY.
C^^^j Contains 325 pages, 9x12 inches, -~^©
J^i and is ILLUSTRATED FROM 939 PHOTOGRAPHS. j~ /^*
1^ - Hundreds of beautiful half-tone engravings, showing I^^
e^- — the aspect of the county from January to December, -^-s®
&* — j-^--^
j The Fruit Industry Illustrated b2
And described— the most valuable treatise upon the j^^-^fc
Santa CJara County Fruit Industry that has ever been
qfa ' published, giving details of the business from nursery '[^2
©^•■vy- to market, with crops, prices and profits. 7%>^
*~- A Work of Art, -^«
@*~^ Suitable for the center-table, and a most appropriate 1-^-^©
I rv^i Christmas present. There is scarcely a question that -^-^
I (j^v^. 1 could be asked concerning Santa Clara County and its I^©
CSEirv^ resources that is not fully answered. '-^-v^a
&*s^~ f ' •'■.- i~^^®
&*~r~ OOOOOOCOCOOO -— s®
&»^~ ~^&
®k«^r- The Mercury Bourenir will be ieat, expreisagc prepaid, ~^y"^
• r^- to any part of the United States at the following rates : Bound in j~~^®
QF* '^~\ Bristol board, 75 cents per copy-; bound in leatherette, |1.2S per "^^^s
copy. Bent to any part of the United States, postage prepaid, at ~ V%^ T ®
J|?^~ the following rates: Bound in Bristol board, 80c per copj; "^^^
: bound in leatherette, $1.35 per copy. The Bouvenir is sold over I^y2»
(^-s^. the counter at the Mercury office at the following prices: Bound n
fj^^-j in Bristol board, 60 cents per copy; bound in leatherette, $1.00 |-^v«2>
©k^\^- per copy. -^v^Q
•^^ Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDOE, ~^^»
©*^ - - -tQ
»^r^ J San Jose, California. -^/-«©
&r* — ; 1 ; - -^-*5S
t BS FAI L Oq
DOCTOR SWEANY,
TITELL KNOWN BY HIS LONG RESI- '
m denceand successful practice on the
Pacihc Coast guarantees a prompt and I
perfect cure of every case he undertakes.!
Ihousandsof penuine testimonials on tile !
m his private office. Poor t/ea ted free on i
Friday afternoons. '
NERVOUS DEBILITY,
Impotency, vveakness -ol sexual oritans los '
manhood night emissions, ex haustiug drains I
which unfit one for study ba.-tnessormarriagc
beTman unfailing success. Get cured and
PRIVATE,
Urinary and kidnoy ailments, sexual dis '
eases of every sort, blood, skin and constitu-
tional diiasw. rupture, piles, varicocele and
hydrocele quickly cured without pain or de-
tention from business. i
AVKITK
At once if living out of the cltv. Thou-and* '
cured at home. Book , on Special Diseases scut
lree . n« ■■ .sc • i,i.,i; in*-.' tro b •
OmcE ilorns— a.m. to 12 m.. •_• to S and 7to
8 r. M.; Sundays, 10 a. K. to lvi ji. on'.y.
-,« *''• ¥ " SWKANY, ai.O .
737 Market Street, S. i\, c»l.
1 as the bearer of extradition papers to Italy.
, When the documents are properly certined
to in San Francisco lie will obtain from
' the Governor ot California the necessary
; papers and then proceed to Washington.
The Secretary of State will issue the
international extradition papers which
Officer Smith will present to the United
States Minister in Italy. The latter in
turn will bring the matter to the notice of
the Minister of Foreisrn Affairs for the
Kingdom of Italy : and if everything ap
pears, correct the King of Italy will permit
Merlo to be transported to the United
States to answer for the crime of mnraer.
Officer Smith is ;i native of Genoa, Italy,
and will have no trouble in speaking the
lansuuee and conforming to the customs
of the Italian country. It may Delate in
the srmmer before the officer returns with
his prisoner, bat the lung arm of the law
will ultimately roach the fugitive.
It is regarded as BO me what extraordi
nary that Merlo should disclose his where
abouts and make a, confession of the crime
to a daughter of his victim, but one theory
accounting for his conduct is that remorsa
has driven him to his confession and tne
proposal of marriage as an offer of repara
tion.
Philip Ratz. who was indicted yesterday,
wa.-- concerned with Lane and Meyera in
debauching girls. The complaining wit
ness was Julia Christiansen and the cor
roborating witness Lonise Oliver. A bench
warrant was issued for him and bail lixed
at $10,000.
Carroll Cook, the attorney for Leon R.
Meyer?, lias had the whole Grand Jury
subpenaed as witnesses to attend Judge
Bahr's court at in a. m. next Saturday.
The Grand Jury indicted Meyers last
Thursday.
The Grand Jury will hold another ses
sion next Friday afternoon, ami at that
time Foreman Maskey may announce the
standing committees. Tlie present Grand
Jury is not inclined to give much time to
small cases belonging properly to the
police courts.
Tlie ScientUt Had to Pay Costs.
Writers upon heredity who pellet re.il
personages in snpport of tlieir theories
should take warning by the experience ol
Dr. Aubry, a ]'»rest ](hj'sician, niul the
author of two works, called "A Family ol
Criminals" and "The Contagion oi Crime.',
In this lie instanced a family, whose name
he g:ive, the members of which had in
curred a number of convictions for various
offenses during a period of something like
seventy years past. He ailded that one of
the female members of the family had led
a dissolute iife in Paris, and that "after liv
ing upon the debauchery of others she had
retired on a handsome competency.
This woman beinu still alive brought an
action for libel against tbe doctor, ft does
not seem to have been denied that the
facts were as< stated in the books, but the
court held that t!i» autbor was not justi
fied in rakine them op. At the same timt-,
as it was held that he had no intention to
annoy but bad been actuated solely by
scientific considerations, the judge has let
him off on paying his own costs and those
of the plaintiff. —London News.
Over 200 computations have been made
of the time between the beginning of the
Christian era and the creation, resulting
from the discrepancy between the He
brew, the Septaagint and the Samaritan
ages.
_P!tRTEI/Wi«
4E«RHYSt
TSTHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMIXB YOUtt
J- eyes and lit them to spectacles or Kyeslasaai
■with instruments of his own invention, vvliost
■uperiorlty has r.ot been equaled, ily succen liv
b*«n clue to tbe merits of my wort.
Othce Hours— l 2 to i v. m.
MUJ»JJ > t!!^^DR.KaLL'S R^INVtCORATORstoy^
RBI "3k. iffi/il^S- 111 L.O^SKS i:l -4 iT( 'L'KS. CURES
l^t |j7|\Jlj r^WI.oST MANHOOD, Nervous Debility,
i 5 fiSSI w^BWcncy. Varicoccle, G'.ect, Fits, Kil-
Mtli Bfiflneys, andall otl-.er Wasting l-.iU-rt?
SH___ |_Hoi 1 -.. rs of Youth or li\i:cjsc.
9 *2ti SsiMS sent vS /; a h i: />.
& *X 2 ffl|.( lili'n FIVE hollars.
rSKK&a Sr*>«[3 Guaranteed to CUItE --ny case.
Sfe<«SS' S*&?fS A". l':iiv.MK Disia ,ks quicklr
iivSV^^T?! •'• ;rC!I - liook for " lc " liia ''*'l free.
lßL«U?lflaßii"'' !^'- s 'Ifdical Institute
IMI AflM T" riBSS BROfIDWfIY. DAKHNO. CAL._
lliiillli
No Percentage PUraiey, 953 Mai»ct SL
. _■ : IRON BEDS,
p^— 4— «*" BRASS BEDS.
f FOLDING BEDS,
Win ami Hair Mat-
tresses, Keclinlni;
E+++ < I::tirs, Wheel Crairs,
ll] f f[ i iiiif Cominodss. Back Res:a
iUX \|| . W. A SCHROCK,
a!g^_ -J — iJ-LLm • — 21- —
if Ui J Nt-Ay Momgotnery
TTT.v; >t. . under Urud
Hotel, S. F.CHEER FATHER YORKE
Young Catholics Hold a Big
Rally and Resolve
to Act.
INAUGURATE LECTURES.
Visit and Speech of John Lynch,
the Grand President of
the Y. M. I.
EX-JUDGE SULLIVAN TALKS.
A Brief Address From the Founder of
the Order Elicits the Wildest
Enthusiasm.
The Young Men's Institute held a big
Tilly and mass-meeting last night at
Metropolitan Temple, the occasion being
Of the grand president of the
fcp the local institutes; the result,
several vigorous speeches concerning the
order, deploring the present religious strife
tmd inviting a full investigation of
I - ..nd the conclu
sion—a resolution to take immediate
toward securing funds fur the erec
of a V. M. 1. building, which
. meetings and assembly b
: for the usv> of tl • several
thousand Catholic young men com Dosing
the organization in this City.
The immense audience filled the audito
rium and the yallerie- d the
seating capacity of HiiXJ, i onta
neous applause that repeatedly burst forth
in response to sentir red by the
speakers came with a indicated
a great masculine eh approving
- aa the sound v ■ ■ ■ to a roar
ing waves of
sound.
Past high offic< institute, sev
eral memb "lie clergy and
prominent order occupied
t-eats on tl | residents of
the evening. Ai hundred or more
:ers were:
■ Kast, M. C. Haley,
11. H. Wyman, M. D. Coh
i. Fnther Ferguson, F. 3.
'.". M. w. Hemming, J.
Maguire, William 11.
tJ. i linch. I'r. A. P. O'Brien,
r. i:. McCarthy, Thomas J.
'. Tot.in, "Robert Tobln,
.: . M irrifl Hitgins. John E.
X : : . i osgraye.
I ra: :\n introduced the speak
< • .r order and announced the
as, which began with an
•Hire by Professor K. J. llarri
two other organ pieces by
tme performer and by a bass solo by
- V. Wood, who, in response to re
: encores, sang "The Drinking Song"
Without any accompaniment.
1 he first adUress of the evening was by
the honored cues:, John Lynch, the graud
lent. He said:
Brothers of the Young Men's Institute and kind >
friends: This meeting is prtmarily xnv official '
visit to the councils of the V. M. ll in San
Francisco. During former administrations j
official visits of the <iranU President were
made to the subordinate councils In their
lodge-roomy, on their roeetins nights. It ,
oocurrei to me *.hßt-a - union meeting '
oi all the councils in this City in :
Eome central hall, to receive my official
visit as Grand President, would ' awaken
tome of the old institute xeal and enthusiasm,
thereby contributing to the greater advance- j
went of our order in this City and vicinity. I
Theie views were by me communicated to :
Frank McGlynn, and mainly to his efforts we
are here to-night, I to make my oflicial visit
and the incilsol the order in this City to
receive stiiil visit in this hall, which en- !
tails on them a small financial outlay |
i hot is cheerfully met by them in the interests |
(■tour beloved order. My brothers, there is a i
great field fur you in this City in which to
vrork in the interests of the V. M. 1. and labor
to increase its membership; at no time in the
history of this organization has there existed
a greater incentive to build up our order Dy
inviting the Catholic young men of San Fran
cisco to enroll them^lves with you in the j
ranks of the Y. M. I. than exists at the present
hour.
The absolute ignorance of tome of the people
of our country relating to us, our organization,
ir religion, coupled with the reckless
misrepresentation spoken and published
ri:r-.!:^: us, and ail we hold sacred and dear, !
r the most lethargic Catholic in i
mmunity to co-operate with bis fellows;
!>;• truth ftirl Catholic prin
iii no more complete and effective I
way can this be accomplished than through
In the Young Men's li^Tinue, I
'rft!, LnteUectoal and social Jm- '
lie young man is the
stß the superstructure
_ Men's Institute*
i sdurlngthe winter months
cational works particularly
■rs in this City, where
ommodlons halls and
[gent, appreciative audiences are
obtainable and assured.
-■■ In connection with the lecture series goes
han<l in hand the distribution and circulation
ot Catholic literature and works of in
formation relating to Catholics as memb
ers 01 tne commonwealth, showing how they
have conducted and do conduct themselves in
their different walks of life amone their
felloe-citizens; by these means there will be
accomplished, at once, the education of our
own people on their rights as American citi
zens, and the parts in the history of our glori
ous country acted by their Catholic predeces
sors from the birth of this Republic to the
present moment; as also the enlightenment of
our • r-mlndea, truth-seeking fellow-citizens
of the land, without regard to religious
belief. Let us ' mete out Justice to
and live in peace with all law-abid
ing people of the greatest Republic on
the earth. Now, then, to put these uatures
iuto practice without delay, the Y. H. I. of this
< ity should have a home of their own, they
should have a. building wherein the several
council* of the order could meet, ana where a
commodious hall would at all fimcs be open
to them lor lectures, rallies and meetings in
the zeneral inten of the society; of course,
numerooa other advantages apparent to you'
all tould be touched on In this cdnuection.'but
I will omit them at the present time, believing
they ■ ,11 be brought up by the distinguished
members of the order to address you this even
ing, and praying for their speedy and full
realization in the verr near future.
On the 15th of next month, in the city of
Denver, will be held the first Supreme Council
of theYounß Men's Institute, at which time
will assemble in that city duly elected repre
sentatives of the Atlantic and Pacific jurisdic
tions o; our order to formulate laws and rules
fi r the government and guidance of the entire
organization. From this meeting may be con
fidently expected great and lasting good to the
Young Hen's Institute of the whole country.
And 1 honestly predict a phenomenal advance 1
in our. beloved order in active interest in its
s\m-. objects and glorious future as results of
this • preme Council. ".
At the eleventh Grand Council of the Pacific
jurisdiction of the Y. M. L. held in Vallejo last
September, that body resolved that the subor
dinaie councils of the order m the United
btates celebrate the birthday of the Father of
tbugrand Republic, George 'Washington, the
friend of liberty and equal rights, and the out
spoken friend and admirer of Catholic Ameri
< «n citizens aud sympathizers of his time, and
that said celebration on the 22d day of each
recurring February be observed as a Y. M. I.
day, a time when all the members of this juris
diction should assemble in their different lo
calities and in a befitting manner carry out
the spirit of this resolution.
I am glad to be in poMSMlon of. information
irom this City, Oakland, and throughout the
jurisdiction that the 22d of next month will
be properly/patriotically and enthusiastically
observed in line with the resolutions of the
\ aiiejo Grand Council, and that another evi
dence of the loyalty of our members to the
grand motto of our order, "Pro Deo et
pr n p * trl a.'' "For God and for Conntry,"
will have been recorded. On the 4th
n y f°ii Jt y> 1885, the first Grand Coun
il!. i eUuD B Men ' 8 Institute (of which
council I am proud to say I was a member, as
I have been of « allsucceedin S Grand Councils)
?«*«« held In i this Gity - On theJKM of February
188b, and also on the same date in 1887. was
held the lar e , > most enthusiastic and repre
roFentauve Catholic gathering ever assem
bled in the Grand Opera-house of your City.
Hence, the malicious, undeserved and un
truthful statement; given utterance to from
this rostrum on tha close of the Vallejo Grand
Council of the Y. M. I. by a represen
tative of a traitorious, unconstitutional anti-
American combination that "the V. M. I. were
about to begin the observation of American
patriotic days," is a libel on us, as our record
shows that live are riot : now learning to cele
brate the days which marked srreat events in
the life of our native land. Over nine-tenths
of the V.M.I, are proud of their birthright
under the protecting folds of. the American
Hug, and the entire organization in the United
States challenge comparison for superiority of
intelligent members known for their loyalty
and devotion to our belovea country and its
glorious institutions. known ior their Loyalty
d devotion to our belovea country and its
>rious institutions.
Then, my fellows of the Y. M . 1. , buckle on
your armor and go forth lv the interests of
your fellow-Catholics, eligible to membership
iv the v. M. 1., secure their fealty with you to
that order, which teaches and requires devo
tion to Godand country; advance the good of
the order by energetic and businesslike efforts,
to build up a home for the V. M. 1. in your fair
City, and you, your efforts, and the organiza
tion to winch we are all proud to belong, will
reap an untold benefit, society will be a gainer
and God's choicest blessings will now upon the
V. MM., its members and its undertakings.
Past President James F. Smith followed
the presiding officer with a speech that
was applauded continuously from the lirst
two words.
The substance of his expressions were:
Fellow Americans: It is some time since I
have been at an assembly of the Y. M. I. To
my shame be it said, Imt to-night 1 feel like
the disciple who said, "O Lord, it is good to be
here."
1 shall not abandon faith in my prediction
made at the last meeting I attended that
the time would come when Americans would
live without strife among themselves. Much
has been said of an aggravating nature in the
last twelve months. Wormwood has been
heaped on us, but that is the very thing that
I will make us strong." It has accomplished what
[ years of argument could not.
Here in this City many slanderous, vile
things have been said of the Catholic religion
und the cry has come to turn the searchlight
on the Catholic religion. Wo want haa been
ped on us, but that is the very thing that
- strong. It has accomplished what
rs oi argument could not.
ere m this City many slanderous, vile
igg have been said of the Catholic religion,
the cry has come to turn the searchlight
tie Catholic religion. We want it turned
on ; we can only respond, 'Lay on, for upon a
omplete investigation we rely."
lere are many honest, fair-minded men
who differ- with us in religious belief. We
must not drive them from our side by rancour
1 am willing that this organization, which is a
tern, a California organization, should
bland the test of Americanism.
Without the love of God there can be no
patriotism. .
If ever the hour should come for war from
the ranks of the Institute will go more men
than from those who traduce our laith.
Judge J. F. Sullivan, another past grand
president, continued the sentiment occa
sioned by the gathering and by the existing
contentions between local re'oresentativea
of the Protestant and Catholic clergy.
I am glad to see here assembled so many
true examples of American manhood. I have
s-een it stated in papers many times that young
men in this organization— natives of this State— ■
owed allegiance elsewhere. 1 have denied it
as a calumny on a hundred platforms.
It has been said that the Y. M. I. is a political
organization. I brand that as a falsehood. As
long as the Y. M. I. continues the career of use
fulness it has mapped out for itself, it will ad
here to the principles of its council chambers
not to allow politics to enter into its work.
1 Why should we, many of us offsprings of a
race ground down by the heel of British des
potism, a race that has suffered from the union
of church and State, why should we now wish
to perpetuate 6uch a condition?
The Puritans, fleeing from their unhospita
ble non-Cathoiic persecutors in their own
country, came to America to be free from the
persecution of their own land. I take special
pride and pleasure in recalling that that Irish
patriot, John Boyle O'Retlly, was asked to ad
dress the nu-etiug ot thedescendents of the
Protestants in New England.
In Catholic Maryland 1 note that when it
came to a defense of the country no Catholic
Benedict Arnolds were found.
1 glory in the history of my native country.
1 take a grand pride in the man who laid down
the law of religious toleration, Thomas Jeffer
son, the author of the greatest doctrine ever
promulgated in any country, the Declaration
of Independence.
Recently we have heard the statement from
broken-down politicians and cheap preachers
without pulpits that we should keep America
for An>ericans. If anywhere that principle
maintains, 1 say it exists right here in this in
stitute. • 'r- ~ . .
I believe that God Almighty intended that
the best form of government should hold sway
upon this continent, and that is a republican
government.
If anybody questioned the sentiment, "Amer
ica for Americans," from this platform, I assure
you It was not a member of this organization.
We feel that a cool and deliberate examina
tion and explanation of- the doctrines of our
church by fair-minded men will convince the
people of the malice of these attacks
I hope that the day may soon come when re
ligious factions may not exist to separate the
people that, working together, have iv all
these years built up this municipality.
I hope that 6ome young man may come to
explain that after all we are all worshipping
the same God.
Past President Frank J. Murasky, in
briefly outlining the work of the order,
said :
For twelve years now this organization has
kept within itself. It has refrained from every
form of agitation. Its members are not agi
tators. 6
Its members, many of whom, like myself
were born in this State and have never seen
another land, are now accused of favoring
some other land. I who consider this my
only nome am tola by one who is a wanderer
that we cannot, we will not be true to this
country.
As Cardinal Newman once said, if men took
the trouble to investigate before they assert
something half the controversies of the world
would never have occurred. If there is some
thing in the Catholic religion that will make
men unloyal to this country, I want to know it,
and I want the public to know it. We invite a
blaze of lieht.
The only purpose this organization has in
view is the betterment morally and intellec
tually of its members and the perpetuation of
a kindly brotherly feeling, exemplified in our
cheerful visits to the sick, in our tributes in
attending the last rites of the deceased. In
bettering the members we surely better the
community in which we live.
We believe it necessary to have before us al
ways something worthy to do. The committee
has suggested the delivery of a course of lect
ures explanatory .of Catholic belief and the
circulation of literature the subject. The
elation of literature on the subject. The
ding of a large meeting-hall for the in
stitute should be a worthy incentive to the
members. But. the work should be put in
charge of one man, and he should be an en
thusiast. ..• " ;■ -i- -^-y: ._■ ::•;;■;-■
A set of resolutions was submitted and
unanimously adopted advocating the
preparation within the next sixty days of
plans for a Y. M. I. build and general
work along the line of means to its con
struction.
The last speech of the evening was a
surprising extemporaneous outburst just
before the mighty chorus on "America,"
in which every voice in the audience
joined lustily. ' ".•...
• John J. McDade, the young man who
thirteen years ago founded the organiza
tion, was called urjon for a speech. He
could not disregard the storms of welcom
ing encouragement that greeted his name.
lie began •modestly and in a moderate
tone, but awakening to his subject he
plunged forward with a burst \ that sur
prised his hearers and called forth the
greatest enthusiasm of the evening,- espe
cially when he started to say something
about Father Yprke. .: .\. ." ;
His hearers, greeted the name with tre
mendous applause, and as the volume of
sound subsided, .the speaker added that
thanks were ' due Father Yorke for his
conduct in the present controversy.
Referring .to iUe. charity worki of the
order, the speaker remarked that since the
inception of the institute $2,500,000 : had
been contributed for the. purposes of the
order in California and that $427,000 had
been turned in by the various councils of
the Pacific Coast to the Grand Council. .
He characterized the men that meet in
Metropolitan Temple every Sunday after
noon to denounce. Catholicism from the
rostrum as "men who have the semblance
of men but the hearts of brutes."
He said that in the hard winter of '90
one day each week for many weeks the
Y. M. I. supplied alms gathered by it to
an average of 200 people, irrespective of
creed or sect, as they formed in lorig lines
in front of the Y. M. I. quarters on Tenth
and Market streets, and vet people have
accused the Y. M. I. of base motives
in -conclusion he. remarked that it is
hardly probable that with 140.000 Catholics
to fhTs country: 0 -"f a b ° dy iS ° PP 3ed
They Want Their Wages.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald has received
another complaint from workingmen who
have failed to receive their wages. Yesterday
seventeen men employed on the new Mastlck
building in Alameda called upon him and
asked his assistance in securing their wrros
from Contractor Fletcher. Tiny claim that he
!S ow " l B tbem about '$40 *pieoe and they say
that He tcher 8 bondsmen, M. FltxgerAld anil \
J. Johns, are completing the building them
selves. The Labor CommiSbioner will look in
to the complaint.
THE SAy FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY ' 1896.
PREACHERS FAVOR WAR
Congregationalists Who Propose
Backing Cleveland at
All Hazards.
SEVERAL SUPPORT ENGLAND.
A Spirited Discussion of the Vene
zuelan Question at the Mon
day Club.
The Venezuelan dispute came up before
the Monday Club of the Congregational
I lurch yesterday and the members had a
tie war of their own. Several of the
misters are of English birth and they
denounced Cleveland and stood up lor
England and aroused the patriotism of the
others. Among the speakers were four
Englishmen, two Welshmen, two Prus
sians and one Russian. It was Wales,
Russia. Prussia and the United States
against England.
Most of them favored supporting Cleve
land even if war was necessary.
Chaplain Darhms of San Quentin, a
veteran of the late war. read a paper going
over the grounds of the dispute and ex
plaining and upholding the Monroe
doctrine. "Englishmen have many noble
Sdowments, but their vices are the vices
the strong" he said. He said that in
is case they wanted to force an ex-parte
decision and that the President's message
protested asiainst summary proceedings
and insisted that this country should stand
in to protect the weak against the strong.
"More than that we have collateral rights
at stake. We are bound to those South
American States by mutual interests, just
as are the States of the Old World. Their
weaknesses are our weaknesses, theii
strength are our strength, and the danger
to them of assault from foreign powers is
Mr. Darhms argued Ihat the Monroe
doctrine was applied in principle con
stantly in the dealings between countries
At the close of reading of the paper a
discussion followed. Mr. Chamberlain
said that while he believed that if England
obtained possession of the disputed terri
tory a better class of people would settle
there, that was not " the question. He
upheld the President's message.
Rev. Phillip Coombs started out by say
ing that he was an American not by "neces
sity, but from choice. England, he said,
was the best governed country in the
world, and he could only wish that this
country was as strongly and well
governed. He attacked the President's
message, saying that he had made the
same claim that Debs had at the time ol
the strike when he spoke of the infinite
resources of the country that render it the
master of the situation.
Mr. Coombs sympathized with Dr. Steb
bins, who said that the President's mes
sage was put before the American people
for the purpose of turning their attention
from internal troubles; also with Senator
Perkins, who said that Cleveland wanted
to go down in history as "Grover the
Great," and with the Evening Post, which
Raid that the members of Congress most
d in favor of the President's stand were
se who would be benefited by war.
So I believe that Cleveland lias laid
lself open to the charge that he was
imnelied by the highest motives."
At the close of Mr. Coombs' remarks
there was no applause, ana the members
looked at each other as if expecting some
one to answer.
The chairman called upon Deacon D.
Gilbert Dexter, who broke the suspense
and brought forth hearty applause by
Bg: "I think the President did a
act in writing that message, and all
imericans should stand by him."
Eessor Foster of the Theological
lary said that he did not understand
approval of the President's stand
t desire for war. "The ties between
the South American countries and the
United States are not as strong as between
the United States and England." He con
tinued: "We are bound to them by closer
and stronger bonds than, to any other
country in the world, and the greatest
calamity that could happen would be war
with England. Ido not believe that there
will be war. I object to the pandering to
the war spirit which has been done more
by Fenians and others who bear a hatred
for England." Mr. Foster said tnat he
did not believe that Cleveland's message
was statesmanlike.
Rev. P. Flawith stirred up the meeting
with a bitter attack on Cleveland, saying
that the President was not moved by any
honorable motives whatever. "I know
exactly what to say to receive applause,"
he said, "but I have the cournge of my
convictions and am willing to stand alone.
When Polk went into the Presidency and
sent troops beyond the Mexican line they
did not ask any other nation to interfere.
Possibly Mexico had just as much right
to growl about that as Venezuela has to
day. As for the war spirit here, it is out
rageously unchristian. You can live for
fifty years in England and never hear as
much bitterness toward America as you
can hear in a day here against England."
.Mr. Flawith was interrupted with pro
tests, but he went on: "At any rate you
can feel brave because you don't expect to
be called out to war." Speaking again of
the message, he said: "The President
was not moved by any honorable motives
whatever."
The Americans present made no direct
answer to Mr. Flawith. Rev. Mr. Hood
said that he thought it a sin to impeach
the motives of the highest officials as
Americans do.
Rev. John Kimball was opposed to war
but believed that the right should be
maintained at any cost. "I wish that this
country could enter into the affairs of the
world more than it has, not only to pro
tect our own people, but also to protect
weaker countries. England shows the
weakness of her case by refusing to arbi
trate 1 don't feel, however, that there is
going to be a war. I note that there is a
change in the tune of the Eastern papers,
and the chances are that Cleveland and
that we shall have to back down, i hope
Professor Moore, too, was willing to back
the President even to the extent of war.
"The moral position of the United States
is high and noble, and I hope that it will
be maintained to the end. While 1 do
not much like the part of the message that
Founds like a menace, i believe that the
United States should in the end take
■i means to sustain the right."
v. Dr. Pond said that he believed that
Presidents message was one of the
;t state papers ever issued. "I think
it was necessary to wind up with what
might bo called a menace in view of the
course of Salisbury. The English papers
say that the unanimous vote of Congress
supporting the President was political
claptrap. They will learn that the senti
ment deep down in the hearts of all the
people is 'America for Americans.' The
whole country has spoken."
Rev. Mr. Tubbs said although he was
born in London and gloried in it, he was
sin American from the ground up. He be
lieved that there was shown a want of
statesmanship in dealing with the matter,
and objected to so much buncombe. '"If it
was right for this country to gobble up
Texas, I don't see why England can't gob
ble up the rest of the world."
Rev. J. H. Warren said that the corre
spondent of the London Chronicle ha(
shown that Salisbury had cheated Glues
by concealing facts, and he believed tha
the correspondent would set the Enghsl
people right.
Rev. W. I>. Williams said that he did
not believe in war, but if it was necessarj
to frw oort thp position of President Cleve
land, let it come. "I did not vote for huu
but I stand by the President every time.
He represents the people."
Key. Loyal L. Wirt had a fling at the
English sympathizers. "God bless the
foreigners who come here ana support our
Hag. If I were a foreigner in this country
and could not support the flag I should
keep mv mouth shut."
Captain Cook, Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper
Professor Loveioy, Rev. Mr. Maar, Rev.
Mr. Weyler and others spoke in favor of
Cleveland's stand, but hoped there would
be no war.
RELIGIOUS THOU6HT AND PROGRESS
An Epitome of Sermons of the Week
Throughout the land.
Following is a summary of the principal
eimons recently delivered in the United
tates and Canada by the leading clergy
men, prieais, prelates, religious teachers
nd professors of the Christian faith. In
very instance the full text has been care
ully read and abbreviated.
The expressions from the American pul
>it upon the Venezuelan boundary dis
mte and a possible war with Great Brit
j.n are herein produced, showing a variety
oF opinions on the subject. There appear
o be as many clergymen favoring patriot
m and the Monroe doctrine as there are
t lose who cry for peace and arbitration.
England fears war, for she is the bully of
mall nation*.— Rev. W. W. Landruin, Baptist,
icbinond, Ya.
The message of the President shows him to
>c possessed of the typical American spirit of
rmness, which we must all admire.— Rev. Am
ir Thompson, Methodist, Baltimore, Md.
There will be no more war. It is an impossi
e event, tor I believe most profoundly in the
ood sense and the Christian thought of the
merican people.— Rev. E. A. Kittredge, Re
ormed, New York.
So far as lean see, no open grounds have been
eft on which to compromise. If the question
means anything, it means surrender or fight.—
lev. Lewis Lampman, Presbyterian, Newark,
• J.
We cannot look with unconcern when a weak
;outh American republic is engaged in dis
>ute with one of the greatest powers in the
eorid. We should see that there Is fair play.
:ev. W. E. Barton, Congregationalism Boston,
Christianity both here and in England is too
horoughly a part of the National life for
rmies and navies to clash in warfare at the
ame moment that the churches of the two
•mi t.-ies are thundering for peace.— Dr. C. S.
irkhurst, Presbyterian, New York.
No grander spectacle could be presented to the
orld than to see this great country stretching
out her strong right arm to help weak Ven
ezuela in the hour of her distress. Our navy
would sweep the ocean. Our resources are in
thaustible.— Rev. J. D. Sands, Presbyterian,
ttfcburg, Pa.
Ul Europe looks to us. It is our mission to
id humanity. We need urgent measures and
once. George Washington was the American
Americans. Hi; carried the revolution in
mself, and the Republic in himself and the
jat American future in himself.— Rev. David
egg, Presbyterian, Brooklyn, X. Y.
So often has National injustice, selfishness
and party dishonor hid under the cloak of love
of country that Johnson defined patriotism —
as '"the resort ot a scoundrel." Desire for peace
on earth is higher than patriotism that desires
war. The peace movement is spreading
throughout the world.— Rev. E. A. Tuck, New-
The masses will be guided, not by the merits
of the case, but blindly by patriotism. It is
easy to excite the people by crying out to rally
around the old flag. The churcn must counsel
deliberation and peace. War is a relic of bar
barism and the power of Satan.— Rev. Joseph
Silberman, Hebrew, New York.
We should say to the European countries,
"Do not meddle with affairs on this side of the
water." as America has interests separate and
distinct. We should say to Great Britain:
"You have s-ouie territory, but you cannot ex
tend it. Submit to arbitration and keep your
hands off until settled."— Rev. F. \V. Parsons,
Marshalltowu, lowa.
IVe are threatened vaguely, indeed, but
illy threatened, by the specter of civil war
all the calamities that can befall mankind,
) worst. If ever the church had clearly laid
on her the duty of sounding out, in her most
rsuasiye tones, word's of protest and remon
ance, it is to-day.— Rev. w. R. Huntington
iscopalian, New York.
Var is an unmitigated curse, a wicked waste
d a colossal crime, unless employed as a last
ort to secure the rights of men. A great
glo-American conflict, based on this iin
;uous controversy, would be the most in
iltous event of the nineteenth century. It
uld be disastrous to both nations.— Rev
John L. Scudder, Jersey City, N. J.
The conviction is general, and seemingly
correct, that President Cleveland has been ac
tuated by a sincere patriotism. During the
war we were combating against a secret ally,
and thus the struggle was prolonged. On more
Than one occasion the active though not oili
cial action of Great Britain had almost turned
the scale.— Rev. H. C. McCook, Philadelphia,
The Monroe doctrine is simply a formulated
statement of a great principle. The time will
come when the American peoDle must stand by
the integrity of that doctrine. The syndicate
of powers which maintains the political equil
ibrium of Europe must be made to understand
that they must keep their hands off the west
ern world.— Rev. David J. Burrell, Reformed
Church, New York.
A nation's honor must be maintained, but
this is consonant with peace in the light of the
t hn.-tian principles by which our nations are
guiaed. We want no cries of jingoism We
need prudent councils, a calm and deliberate
temper and a statesmanship solid with true
patriotism and heavenly wisdom.— Rev. S. H
Virgin, Congregationalism New York.
It is easy to talk about war and to blow the
trumpet that would call the 6oldiers to battle
but when once those same persons are called'
upon to take arms they are among the first to
want a substitute and cry for peace. There
may be some things better than peace, yet let
us not be too speedy to cry for wur.— Rev. L. M
Zimmennau, Lutheran, Baltimore, Md.
War between the United States and England
is as impossible as a war between Russia and
the planet Mars. Let us not encourage the
barbarous war spirit and especially toward
England. The two nations are practically one*
one even in government, however the names
and outward forms may differ; still more in
race, one in language and literature, one in the
love of justice and work for humanity.— Rev
H. M. Simmons, Unitarian, Minneapolis,' Minn!
The Monroe doctrine must be upheld. Mr.
Cleveland has simply demonstrated to the
world that, as chief executive of our Republic
he desires to see justice done to a sister repub^
lie. Were Venezuela to pay the indemnity
that Great Britain demands, it would be a tacit
affirmation of Britain's boundary line. Bhe
therefore refuses. The Monroe doctrine of
seventy years' standing is attacked. We de
fend It; that is all.— Rev. Lyman Ward, Univer-
The whole of Venezuela is not worth the sac
rifice that would be brought about by a war
Christian England will, no doubt, although she
knows we are in the wrong, submit the ques
tion to arbitration. If the United States wants
to show her power on the seas, let her send her
aid to Cuba. If England wants to show the
strength of her ironclads let her send them up
the shining Bosphorus.— Rev. Robert Mac-
Donald, Baptist, Boston, Mass.
There are times when war is unavoidable I
am -not BO sure but that it is high time that
England should bo taught that there are other
people to be thought of save alone the subjects
of her Government. England is mighty on
sea, the United States is mighty on land, and
yet our resources in the past have aiwavs
made us strong enough to successfully cope
with her. either upon land or sea.— Rev M J
Sleppy, Methodist, Allegheny, Pa.
Every act by which a nation is precipitate
into a fatricidal slaughter, where a declaratio
of war is made without exhausting every othe
possible measure of adjusting the diflieultie
is contrary to the teaching of Christianity,
believe that war is a most horrible crime, an<
1 would cry from the housetops, "Peac<
Peace 1 Peace!" To make war is to open tl
gates of hell and pour on us a storm of iniquit
and wrath.— Rev. Charles Eaton, Episcopaliai
A whole nation is ready to leap to arms an
leiiing awords and cleaning cannon
< ruicize Grover Cleveland an we may, ft man
Her, truer, braver, loyal President never occu
pied the White House. And if to-day Englanc
is trying to bully a helpless republic, six mil
lion as brave patriots as ever froze at Valle
Torge or bled at Princeton and Yorktown wifl
make the same sacrifices and dig other grave
trenches, and march ond grapple and die —
Ijfv. Frank Talmage, Presbyterian, Pittsburg,
The President may possibly have been pre
mature in his attitude, but this mucn is cer
tain: the American people will approve a word
of warning to our British neighbors. That the
Monroe doctrine is not international law as
Salisbury intimates and Yon Hoist echoes is
not to the point. Enough that it is American
unwritten law. ''No taxation without repre
sentation" was not considered international
law by England, but it went just thp same.
The Declaration of Independence was not
international law in the eyes of England but
it stood. — Rev. R. A. White, Uni verbalist
Chicago, 111.
SCUFFLES IN CONGRESS
The Hall of the House Has Been
the Arena of Pugilistic
Encounters.
SOME MEMORABLE SCENES.
Hon. Galusha A. Grow Knocked Out
an Antagonist Three Times
in One Night.
The spectator who sits in a gallery over
looking the House chamber to witness the
proceedings from day to day, and whose
eyes are gladdened by an occasional
glimpse of his zealous member as he poses
before the country in his first Congres
sional clothes, is reminded by nothing
that transpires in these tame opening days
of a newly constituted National Legisla
ture of the many thrilling scenes that were
enacted upon that floor in the earlier Con
gresses, says the Washington Times.
There have been since the "Fifties"
some very exciting impromptu exhibitions
there, as, for example, the struggle over
the force bill; the episode in which Messrs.
Washburn and Ikmnelly and Ro3seau and
Grinnell figured; the pyrotechnic display
over the election of '76, and other events of
more or less gravity. But the ante-bellum
struggles were more noteworthy because
of their unhappy culmination, and for the
additional reason that at that time the
familiarity which breeds contempt had not
materialized as to that particular feature.
Three of those occurrences, handed
down from the Auld Lang Syne by the
Congressional Globe, have but rarely been
referred to in print, and as some of the
principals are still in active political life
and others are well remembered, a repro
duction at this time will be of interest.
If one had not the privilege of a view of
the swift-passing panorama when "Czar
Heed" was earning his spurs as Speaker of
the Fifty-tirst Congress, or when his suc
cessor held sway in the Fifty-second, he
will probably have no conception of what
can be done in the hall of the National
councils, and if, in a casual scrutiny of
those in view his glance should fall upon
the tall, still erect and evidently vigorous
form of the Hon. Galusha A. Grow, pres
ent venerable Congressman-at-large from
the State of Pennsylvania, he would, witl
out previous knowledge or present re
minder, be very apt to pass by the gra
hairs of the old-timer without a though
of selecting their owner as a sample pugi
istic champion of personal liberty.
Mr. Grow was and is much more tha
that designation implies, but for the pur
poses of this story the term must stand.
Mr. Buchanan submitted to Congress o
the Ist of February, 1858, a state pape
that was, in a measure, a counterpart o
the one just now under discussion as the
product of Mr. Cleveland.
It was a special message, but it did not
come to a united body. It was of vital im
portance, as is the present one, and it
enunciated a great principle and chal
lenged the attention of Congress and the
country. It conveyed in its lines a sus
picion of war, as does that on the Vene
zuelan question, but, unhappily, it referred
to a strife of next of kin, while the present
one, if the analogy shall be carried to the
end, will be a battle of tiie reunited house
hold against an ancient foe.
President Buchanan inclosed with his
message, with his indorsement, a copy of
the Lecompton constitution, which had
been brought to Washington by John C.
Calhoun.
The House was coon in a state of almost
complete disorder, and various proposi
tions were advocated concerning its proper
disposition, including one of reference
The President had said that by the admis
sion of Kansas at that session the "dark
and ominous clouds" would be dissipated
but in the event that the proposition
should be negatived "those clouds would
become darker and more ominous than
ever yet threatened the constitution and
the Union."
There was an all-night session on the
succeeding sth of February, with the cus
tomary scenes, grave, solemn, farcical and
ridiculous.
Clerk after clerk broke down in the ex
ercise of calling the roll and the proceed
ings lapsed into a state of exceeding dull
ness, one-third of the members being
asleep. A few were engaged in smoking,
and tradition informs us a small nropor
tion of the Solons were keeping the trail
hot between the hail and the "hole in the
wall," where the liquid refreshments were
served.
A member asked for permission to send
for a "daguerreotypist" to "take a view of
the scenes," whereupon another inquired:
"How in the devil can they take pictures
by gaslight?" A query which in this day
of advanced science would not be pro
pounded.
Mr. Davis — Reuben, not the other one
of Mississippi, asked for permission to
speak an hour, and then addressed himself
briefly to a privileged question, complain
ing that the heat of the gas was blistering
his head, which was quite bald, and asked
permission to cover his pate with his
handkerchief. Another member with a
bald head objected. At a late hour, when
fatigued Congressmen were occupying
sofas and seats, many of them slumbering
to the verge of snoring, Mr. Quitman of
Mississippi arose to address the House.
He had no authority, he said, to speak for
his friends, but suggested that they come
to an understanding that all motions sub
sequent to the previous question should be
withdrawn.
Mr. Grow was walking down the aisle on
the Democratic side, when Mr. Keith, a
prominent Southerner, accompanied by a
friend of his, approached the Pennsylva
nian.
A scuffle ensued between Grow and
Keith, which instantly threw the House
into the most violent excitement. Blows
were exchanged by the principal belliger
ents before they could be separated, and
almost immediately thereafter Keith again
aimed a blow at his adversary, whereupon
Grow knocked him down.
Tnis was the signal for a general fight,
and various members were engaged in°the
area fronting the clerk's desk, wash burne
of Illinois and Potter of Wisconsin, history
informs us, were conspicuous in the scrim
mage, dealing their blows with great mus
cular force in all directions. It had its
funny features, too, one being supplied
when Covode of Pennsylvania, in defense
of his Keystone colleague, raised a mon
strous spittoon on high and was about to
strike Barksdale of Mississippi.
At this juncture the latter's wig fell off,
revealing a pate as bald as his hand!
Covode, appalled at the spectacle, dropped
his weapon with its wealth of cigar-stubs
and retired permanently from the ring.
The Speaker demanded that the House
should be in order, and the House con
tinued its scenes of extreme disorder until
Mr. Grow was again involved. He inter
posed an objection to the remarks of a
Speaker and was ordered by his late ad
versary to go to his own side of the House.
"This is a free hall,*' Mr. Grow retorted ;
"every man has a right to be where he
pleases."
Keitt demanded to know what was
meant by such a remark. Grow explained
with some emphasis and Keitt seized him
by the throat. Grow knocked his hand
away, and ended by squarely knocking
him down twice in rapid succession.
The language employed was long ago
stricken from the record, or if not it
should have been, and even if remembered
or found in the chronicles of that da}',
should not be repeated.
Another noted scene of the long ago oc
curred on the first Monday in December,
1849, when the business in hand was the
organization of the House. There was no
big majority then. The aggregate of the
Democratic strength in the past two Con
presses, or that of the Republicans in the
Fifty-first or the present Congress, was
about equal in numbers to ttie then entire
House. Numerous ineffectual ballots for
the election of a Speaker had been taken,
| and there was bad blood manifested on the
surface of affairs.
Members desired to open up the discus
sion in advnnee of the election of a
Speaker, but a resolution was adopted de
nying the privilege of debaie prior to Uie
completion of the organization. Mr.
Toombs of Georgia determined to ignore
the resolution, and proceeded to address
the House. He said the legislative body
was nothing more than a town meeting or
a mob, and, notwithstanding the demands
for order, he held the floor and rilled the
i chamber with his vociferous eloquence.
"I know my rights," he repeated over
and over, and when upon a motion to re
scind the rule cutting;off debate the clerk
proceeded to call the role, his voice was
drowned by the more vehement tones of
the gentleman from Georgia.
•'You have treacherously violated and
opposed the rights of my constituents,"
he shouted, "and your fiendish yells may
well be raised to drown an argument which
you tremble to hear. I demand to know
by what authority that man stands there
and calls the roM»." :>
Then, as later, and throughout those
troublous times, the slavery question was
! uppermost, and the issue was argued with
all the ardor and zeal of, heated partisan
ship. Members from the North had no
disposition to come into personal collision
with Mr. Toombs, for they knew he was
persistently seeking to break up the as
semblage.
The eminent Georgian continued hit
fierce onslaught upon the rules of the
House for hours, once exclaiming dramat
ically: "You may cry 'order,' 'order," till
the heavens fall, but you cannot take this
place from me." And at another juncture
declaring with solemn positiveness that
the Union had ceased to exist.
At last, exhausted almost to the verge of
physical collapse, hoarse and panting for
breath, Mr. Toombs sank into his seat and
the clerk gravely announced that the
House had refused to rescind the order
forbidding debate.
| A third event, occurring in June. 1854,
| drew Mr. Cullora of Illinois and Mr.
I Churchwell of Tennessee into a collision,
j which was governed by no known rules,
but which must have been ludicrous as it
was exciting,
IjMr. Chnrchwell felt called upon to
"throw himself upon the charity of the
House for one moment." The result was
that Mr. Cullom felt himself to be com
pelled equally to throw himself upon Mr.
Churchwell.
The inevitable record was appealed to,
from which Mr. Churchwell hao. proceeded
to show that Mr. Cullom had interpolated
in a previous speech of his certain words
that were not uttered upon the floor.
The language referred to was declared
by Churchwell to be exceedingly offensive
j arid "infamously false." Cullom was
about fifteen feet away and had listened
in angry silence to the reading of the al
leged extract. Before .Churchwell had
completed the last sentence of his denun
ciatory comment the lilinoisan sprang
from his seat and with clenched fists made
; a desperate effort to reach him.
He was caught by several friends, who
grasped him by the coat collar, arms and
about tbe body, one or two seizing his legs
and effectually stopping locomotion. It
is a part of the history of this episode that
the over-zealous peacemakers came very
near to disrobing Mr. Cullom in their
efforts to prevent active hostilities.
The Speaker literally banged for order
and commanded the sergeant-at-arms to
restore peace. Displaying his mace, that
functionary rushed first to Cuilora and
then to Churchwell, vibrating excitedly
between the two and making franti:
efforts to second the Speaker's demand for
a cessation of the hostile demonstrations
Order was finally restored, Mr. Cullom
taking his seat and Mr. Churchwell retir
ing to the lobby.
The sergeant-at-arms and his sacred
badge of authority have been usually po
tent in quelling a Congressional row, but
there have been occasions when that officer
might well have sought safety in the cloak
room, leaving toe right to adjust its own
equilibrium. Inkstands have not been the
most dangerous weapons brought into
requisition, nor spittoons, for that matter.
Men very much younger than the oldest
inhabitants have vivid recollection of the
six-shooters that were brandished more
tnan a score of times in the House, peace
enforcers that custom indorsed, the code
demanded, and that law was powerless to
expel from the hip pocket.
By the law of Scotland the bushes or
shrubs planted in a garden belong to the
landlord, and the tenant cannot remove
them at the end of his tenancy. The Eng
lish law is the same on this point.
HOTEL AREIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL,
t 5J lin( ' 1 ' >a c J H A "nß, Oakland
J A JMagee & w, Stocktn F L Warm, St Paal
C G Beach, tt h g S J Kidder, Grass Valley
Cat Heily, Portland C F Street NY
W M Burrell. Mich . ■ J McNeil, Santa Cruz
M B Fisher, ort ayne Mrs L S Fisher, FtWayne
G J Perkins. Niles J Sparks, Nev
Gll Mclntyre, N V , GB Hulroe. N V
i p fi^' C °I Oa ' , -A H verman.Springfleld
«-^?J .J 3 Angeles E D Baumeister, Mont
VV T Hofstud Chi L Zimmerman, Portland
D J Spence, w & s,S Jose
KJKW WKSTKRX HOTEL.
J Arnold & wf , Boston W H -Ragaln, Stony Ford
E Wallace, US N A A Kenney, D S X
L Monfer, U SK. — James F Keiley, Chicago
P Wralty, Spokane G H Javage, Portland
> s.'pp. Portland ■«, C A Bates, Klmira
Mrs M Abies, W m Spgs Miss z Wright, Chicago
A O Devo! * wf, 111 J B Wright! Chicago
\\ m N Robinson. 111 A Mlntley <SS wf 111
i^udessa Mintley, 111 J Powell <fc wf, San Jose
I- rank Schvay, Angelo Z E Buckner, Santa Bosa
GVV Shrieve. San Jose F W Hart <fc «f, Los Ang
E J .Nolan, Chambers - •
BALDWIN HOTEL.
S F .i a ?? c> > NYx. ,V Miss M Wai n wright,- N V
>ath Hartnlng, NY F Meer. X V
A D Anthony, Portland (i P McLain, I^os Anceles
J J Forbes, Milwaukee P Zabala, Salinas *
H M Morris, Chicago F X Fell. Chicago
T W James, Chicago T X Rock and wife, Canada
Mrs It Hall, Los Angeles B F TIHon, Sonora
E C Wagner. Stockton M S Ball, 8t Helena
t t hS?5' c un "J 080 W A p»«weU. Sacramento
w- lffith> San Jo3e A - Dowdell, St Helena
W G Wetter, Ban Carlos M S Stein, Stockton
M 8» Morgan, Vallejo C B Seanore, st Paul
J B Sherley, Stockton W Muller, Chicago
C Hunt Los Angeles MUB UUnt Los Angeles
Mrs C Jenuings. N V
LICK HOUSK.
C F. Langham, NY. " Mrs A M Gray, Cal
Mrs J H Rogers, Cal \V J Hlllman, Cal
G Ilusjhes, Nevada City S Clark. Sacramento
F L Keenan, Portland i J B Peaks, Stockton
Mrs Hapgood.Marysvllle Mrs J B Btevenß, Napa
.1 \Y elnberger «fe w, Cal T X Bishop, Tulare
Mrs J * lawk es Napa B H Uplmm. Martinez
N B r lley cfe.ltr, Visalla Miss X Farrow, Visalla
G v ,P ume Oakland Mrs bickman. St Helena
h X Roberta; Santa Cruz Q D Allman, Oakland
J D Lynch, Los Angeles P P_ower, Alameila
AGassaway.Nevada City C G Mcßride Cal
F s Patt, San Jose , "F S Harrison, Cal
S Logan, Modesto T Lawrence, Stockton
' r ,\ ( S n s' San Jose " S P Ueinrlch, San KafaPl
J H Nelson, Stockton
GRAXD HOTEL.
w^V nnon ' St , r nfo , ' '- A Hughes, Stanford
W r, W ,. T atcher ' Uoi ' lttn<l l W Derby, Watsonvllle
J I> Wadsworth, Su ltosa A Tufllo, I^resno
PR Allen, Watsourille C F H«-«d, Auburn *"v
W F smith, Hacraniento Mrs Huffaea &f , La Ang
Rev « Him. Vallejo M ls« k v ughes, 'l os Ang
w J A',"T;' lllss W P cobbs, San Dieco
W F Plumb. Nev (1 Roy. Nev •
Mrs C N Hawkins, Hoi Bozus, Hollister
\. ' st , ( ! r . ,/, Al> MoiMii. Nevada City
M J Foster. Colfax P M .lan,: s. Sacramento
OL Hall, Mich M N Xcwmack, Los Ang
J X Joseph, Los Angeles E Valentine, Pi esuo
J Porter, Portland .1 I, \v»ipo!e, I'ortland
C Coouer, Portland Mrs N B N'ouline, Tracy
D c Clark, Sania Crjuz AM Smith N* v
R W Delvltt, Wash M Princ-. Santa Rosa
Mrs H J U'lirien.Willows Mrs M Peterson, Willows
P O'Brien, Willows A B Smith, Fresno
A C Rosendale, Pa Grove EC X Stevenot, Sonoma
.7 II cauipLieil <fciv,s Jose W J Bernard, Seattle
T CofMij. Nev ■ Fl) *mith & wf, Novato
J 1- Devendorf, Pan Jose F KrioKson.San L Oblspo
L i Bruner, Sacramento :
. ;. . RUSS HOUSE.
N Chapman, Pinole T Guesseo. Chioaco
Jas Kusign, Remiiui; S Hush. Chicago
Mrs M Honeywell, Cal Mrs X W Nelson lowa
BO Woodslde.Keno Miss I, Meyers. Xl Dorado
H Steele. Denver Ma E Harper, Xl Dorado
1' Garceval cfc w, Redlds c Thomas, El Dorado
M Jlnnson, Grass Val% HA Harper, Xl Dorado
C Maoson. Grass Valley DSMurrav Ollrov
H Kuecbler. si.K'kton • . M X Bristo, Seal tie
Miss J Hardman, Oiema ii M Bristol, Seattle
.Miss [da Hampton. Cal .1 L Williams' l.ivermnre
.11 Klc hmond, SQuentla J M Walling. Nevada Cty
It R Hlossom, Battle M tn B Lati ierJr. Salvador
Mrs Laueier &I, Sl vador P S Nonis I'ortVind
Dr Agnes WJnzel. Cal . M Ktai,chtiVl<l,vv tc,l,Ang
P Jobnspn, Redding Dr J B Gondv Seattle '
X little, Nev . . , Home - !•:• "
'?,?,*S rt r 11< rtland - s s Williams, Orogon
. \\ s.-nooi, r»ft,Ore«on .1 N Smith *w, Poriland
JT Mllburn Jt v, Portl*nd l; w Cobb, Cleveland
CH Bowcott,Aloatr»« J j Molbney, Oakland
P h gVUKer, < >Rk-land - W Dndley Jr. Valtejo
D J Bradford, Healdsbrg J Levy, Nevada City
i; W LaugUlin, Marks A Johnson, Usai " "
WHAT THEY SAT.
Some Words of Eucouvagement From
Persons Whose Experience
Is Valuable.
"Indigestion is the curse of this country,"
say.s a New York medical journal in a recent
editorial. "Both men and women Buffer Irom
this distressing complaint and it causes a tre
mendous amount oi misery."
This is all very true but there fs no reason
why any man or woman should suffer from In
digestion when there is a ready means of pre
venting it. Thousands of people have discov
ered a sure cure for this much dreaded com
plaint and some of them nave given the public
the benefit of their experience.
Mrs. E.' Tariton, 345 Park Avenue, Cincin
nati, says: "I had dyspepsia for fifteen years
and was entirely cured by taking Duffy's pure
malt whiskey. I had tried almost everything
and know that this whiskey cures where all
others fail. lam advising all my friends to
use it."
W. V. Andersen, 017 \V. Indiana street, Chi
cago, says: "I used Duffy's pure malt whiskey'
for indigestion and dyspepsia. My stomach is
now in better condition thnn it lias been for
years past. Seven of my friends are using it
with the same results."
These are only two cases selected from thou
sands 01 others but they are sufficient to prove
thut dyspepsia and indigestion enn be always
avoided by the regular aseol Duffy's pure malt
It will not only keep the digestive organs in'
perfect condition but Kiv-.Mone and energy to
every part ot the body. There is no otner
whiskey like It; nothing else that can take its
place. Therefore, make sure that you get no
inferior imitation when purchasing from your
grocer or drugu'ist.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT.
WE ARE SELLING CHEAP.
We arp pleased to stat" to our numerous cus-
tomers who have been awaiting the arrival of onr
celebrated ALASKA SEAJL shoks that tlie
shipment arrived yesterday, and we are cow pre-
pared to supply their demands. The Alaska Seal
Shoes are guaranteed to be waterproof, and as
they are easy on tho feet and give good wear they
are ready sellers, and the price.
53.00,
Is within the reach of all. carry them in Lace
f fruaranteed to be waterproof, and a a
asy on the foot and give Rood wear they
sellers, and the price,
$3.00,
tin- roach of all. We carry them in Lam
and Congress, with medium broad Uips and tips
and double soles. , We also carry them for Youths
and Boys at tne following prices:
Youths', sizrs 11 to $1 75
Boys', sizes i! 5,2 to 6Vis 2 00 ■
f-i t BJV J% 1^
Ladies who wear Oxford Ties should take notice
that we are selling Cloth-Top Oxfords with Don-
gola Kid Vamps, with either pointed or medium
square toes, with patent-leather tips, for $1 60.
These Oxfords, being hand-turned, are very easy
on the feet and require no breaking in. They aia
neat fitters and wear well and retail regularly for
§2.00.
yen §PT%-
Parents are reminded that we carry the best
.School Sho«-s in this city, and that we are prepared
to sell them cheaper than our competitors. We
are selling Dongola Kid Buttons with patent-
leather tips, or Genuine Pebble Grain Buttons
with sprint; heels, double soles and toecaps, at the
following low prices:
Child's, sizes 8 to lOV2 ....SO 75
Aliases', sizes 11 to 2 100
WE HAVE, NOT MOVED.
J»"Conntry orders solicited. "
*3"Send ior New Illustrated Catalosufc
Address
B. KATCHINSKI, -
10 Third Street, San Franalioo.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO*
Something
For
Men!
We know the HAT TRADE,
I We know the HAT TRADE,
that's the reason we can
give you BETTER HATS
for the money than you can
buy anywhere.
FEDORA HATS, <M Pft
Latest Style - - - OX 53 U
silliiliii
FF HATS - - - - $2,00
GRIPMEN'S MITTENS - - - 25c
iiiliilop
Gentlemen's Woolen Gloves 75c
WOOL SWEATERS - - 1 .00
TTHirnTir'T TI f 1 Yarn d > ed serge, $1.00
I nil KH HI ! ft \tlosero!lst#-elfodsl.so
Ul!lliilljljLiilO Fine Natural Crooks.
anji^m ma. aamia in hi all silk - - - $2.50
STTTDfTCI Double Back, nn^
fllfllu, Linen Bosom - - /3b
Fowler and Dif&Vni CO
Ben=Hur- - DIU I
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET <.
Beef and Mi:t'on higher.
Sugar marked up.
silver lir i\«r. : . -T-^
Wheat and Barley unchanged.
<>ats stead} .
Corn" and its products advancing.
Flour firm.
Hay improving.
Beans neglected. ■ ...
Choice Pb:atoes steady.
Onions advanced again.
Butter and Eggs a fraction higher.
Cheese firm.
A car of Eastern Poultry iv.
1 anie in good supply.
California Oranges lower.
Provisions dull.
No life to Dried Fruit.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Cnitkd Statks Department of Aoßicrr>-
TfHK, Wkathkr BfRKAf. Sax Fkancisco, Jan
uury 6, 18f>6, 5 i". m.— Weather conditions and
peneral forecast :
tallowing are the seasonal rainfalls to date
KB compared With those of the same date last year:
Eureka 16.84, last season -Jl 17: Red Bluff 6.66,
gon 15.22; Ban Fnmcisco 4. 10. last season
14 S4: I'resuo 1.11, last season 7.08: Sin Luis
Obtopo LOO. last season if. 3l: Cos Angeles 1.71,
uon B. 61: >an Diego 1.57. last season 3.19:
Yuma .32. last season "J.'Jl.
liif following maximum temperatures are re
ported from California stations to-day: Eureka
66, Red Bluff 64, san Francisco 58. Fresno 60, In
dependence 60, Luis Obispo 66, Los Angeles 68,
san Dipgo 64, Yuma 70.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 58,
minimum 42. mean 50.
.\n area of high pressure continues over Wyo
ming, Northern Colorado and I'tah. An area of
low pressure is central off t lie coast of Northern
Washint;:<>n and will probably move southward,
causing doudy weather and rain along the coast
and high southeasterly winds. The pressure has
risen rapidly over North Dakota and Montana and
has fallt-n rapidly over the Northern P.iCilic coast.
The temperature has ris.-n generally west of the
Rocky Mounta ns, except in small areas in West
ern Nevada and the extreme Southern California.
The conditions point to unsettled weather and
•howors throughout Northern California Tuesday
and possibly Wednesday.
Forecast made at Salt Francisco for thirty hours
endinc midnight January 7. 189S:
Northern California Continued cloudy and un
settk'ii weather with rain in the northern portion
Tuesday; stationary temperature; southerly
winds.
southern California— Fair; stationary terupera
steriy winds.
Nevada— lair: warmer in the western portion.
Utah— Fair: warmer.
Arizona— Fair; tationary temperature.
>an Francisco and vicinity— Unsettled weather,
probably with showers; stationary temperature;
southeasterly winds.
A. McADIE, Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK 3IAKKETS.
Financial ■
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 6.-Wall street's first
impulse at the opening of business at this morn-
Ing's exchange whs to buy stocks. Secretary Car
lisle's call for bids for bonds was favorably re
ceived. A rise of y 2 to •_•> per cent followed, in
which Tobacco, Sugar, the Grangers, Manhattan
and Western Union were most prominent. The
more the street looked into the bond call, however,
the less it liked it, and during the greater] of
the session liquidations were quite pronounced.
Bankers were not disposed to talk about the mat
ter, and it was Impossible to obtain anything offi
cial as to the attitude oi the Morgan syndicate.
Statements were current that John A. Stewart of
the United States Trust Company intended form-
Ire; - new commission to take a block of
tlu'se bonds, hut this could not be con
firmed. About the only thing abont which there
eeenie . to be any unanimity of opinion was that
the uncertainty in financial circles had been ex
tended for another thirty duys. In the afternoon
trading there was renewed pressure to sell on the
announcement from Washington that tne Senate
Finance committee had adopted a Cree-coina?e
substitute for the bond bill and intend to tamper
with the sugar schedules.
1:.. statement that Laeard Freres and L. yon
Hoffman A Co. iotended to forward the $1,600.
--000 gold which had been detained here on London
orders by next Wednesda steamers also hurt
the market in late trading. The impression is that
further large amounts will be shipped during the
coming thirty' days. The decline in stocks ranged
from 1 to 5 percent ontaUJe of Metropolitan Trac
tion, which fell to 9-' and 91. The particularly
wi ak sjiots were the grangers, coolers, industrials,
Vaiiderbilts, Louisville .-■.nci Nashville. Western
Union, the Southwesterns and Manhattan.
In the specialties Cleveland, Lorain and Wheel
ins preferred broke 5 to 42. The market in the
Closlne dealings was weaker than at any other
time ol the day. Net changes show losses of i/i to
3!, i per cent in the active list and 1 to B per cent
in the inactive stocks. Total sales were 314,000
shares, including 57.500 shares St. Paul, 40,300
s~!isar, 27.400 Tobacco and 24,700 Burlinjrton.
Bonas were heavy. Sales usgrezated ;f 2, 177,000.
Atchison general fours W. 1., fell to 73; do ad
fnstment, 13;., to 423 4 : do general fours certifi- !
cates. ]- ; + to 70: do twos. ]:: 4 to 20: Buffalo and
Rorhester and Pittsburg fives. 3 to 95: ( liesapeake
and Ohio four and a half s,' 3334 to 6814: do con
solidate'; rives, lVi to 104i,0'; iron Mountain,
Arkansas branch, fives, 4 to 100: Illinois Central
fours of 1953, 2 to 99: Kansas and Texas j
fours, 11 4 to 82: Louisville and Nashville
fours. li 4 to 72; Missouri, Kansas and
Eastern fives, 2' to "6^3: Northern Pacific firsts,
1 to 114: dQtwos, li/ 2 to 100; Oregon Navigation
consolidated fives certificates, 3 to 93; Orecon
Short Line consolidated fives certificates, 1% to
55; Rock Island fives, Hi to 100%; Rio Grande
Western fours, 15/g to 71%; Ban Antonio and
Aransaa Pass fours. 2 to 63; St. Paul. Chicago
and Missouri River fives, 2Vi to 103*4 ; ( '° gen
eral fours, 3 to 93: Southern Railway consolidated
lives, li o to B9Vi: Texas Pacific twos, 13. to
18i/i, ami Wabasti twos, 2Wj to 70.
- Grain.
Fl.OlT— Steady, quiet. Winter wheat, low
grades, S2 25@2 65: do fair to fancy, $2 65@3 80;
do patents, $3 45(0.3 76 ; Minnesota clear, $2 50®
3 10; do straits, #3;a3 35, do patents, *3 l'va ; 10:
low extras, .*-.' 25fe2 66; city mills, #3 90,3.4 • do
patents. ¥3 90(S£J 15: rye mixture, S2 10(i3 20;
superfine, $2 '.(>• j 45; One, $2@2 25. Southern
flour— Quiet; steady; common toTairpxtra, sj>2 lOCoi
2 B0: good to choice do. 90@3. Rye flour— Quiet,
steady, $2 25@2 95. Buckwheatflonr.fi 30: buck
whent, 38c.
CORNMEAL— DuII; steady. Fellow Western
$2 25@2 30: Brandywlne, $_• 25.
R V X— Nominal.
BARLEY AND BARLEY MALT-Nomlnal.
WHEAT— Spot market fairly active; easier.
No. 2 red. store «nd elevator, 6i»i ■.(•• afloat
71c; f. o. b., H9i-..ia7oJ i i-: ungraded'red, 6-Jo,
7'.'e : No. 1 northern, 68c.
1 ipl ions were fairly active and irregular, closing
easy tA decline on a bearish Government
report, lower stock market and free realizing. May
most active No. •_'. red January', BOTfec: I'.i)
ruary, 67i 8 c: March. B8c: May 66% c; July,
6614 c. of srain, store ami afloat January
■1 : Wheat v.802.810, rom 1.601(628, Oats2,lo6i
-772, rye 81.601, barley 626,821, malt 8829, peas
6OL'O busliels.
I ißN— Dull, firm. No. •_'. 3434 c; elevator 3534 c
afloat. Options were dull and linn at i H .-o.i t .- ad
vance 0:1 local covering and better WcsC. May
most active. January, 34 % c; February, 343ic;
Mh.v, 34»;c. ',-,-•..
OATe— Quiet: firm. Options dull: firm. January,
231/ aC; February, 23s/ c; May, 24y c. Spot prices-
No. .'. 23^c; No. 2 white. 241/2 C: No. 2 Chicago,
2334 c: So. 3, SKJ»4c; No. 3 white, 23i/Cc; mixed
Wtstern, 23y @2iy 3 c; white do. v.'4feL'7c; white
staU', 24@27c . «, ,
Provisions.
BEEF HAJIS-Dull, 915 50; tlereedbeet, quiet;
City extra India mess, $16 50ia,17: cnl mtatsj
s:f::dy; pickled bellli -. 4%c; pickled shoulders i
4Vic: pickled bams, v @Si 4 .-; middles, nominal.
LARD— lirmei-. Western steam. $5 75; !
City. S6 2c@6 30: January; $5'7P; refined, quiet. ,
Continent, $t> 10; 8.A., $6 4<i: compound,s4 G^iA
@5.
I'ORK- Moderate demand; firmer: moss. $9 >0
(g.lO.
BUTTBB—Faacr, firmer: state dairy. VJ(£2lc
do creamery, 18<«23c: Western dairy, il@18c; do
creamery, 18'<s'J5c; <io June, 16(a2iy 2 c; do fac
tory, 10(i.l7c; Klsjtns, 15c; imitation creamery
14@19c: roll*. 9(a:li!c . . ,
• CH.KEKB Bnn; Statelarce, Ti.jiiuc; do
fancy, 9S4@] do small, 7-% a l(t' ; Vestern
small, 9 l A(3>loyi; pan skims, i'a7c" full skims,
.
EGGS— Choice firm. State aud Pennsylvania, 20
@'J6c: .Southern, 2)@24: icehouse 17(&21c: do per
case. f4@4 50: Western fresh, i:^@'Jsc; lim-d,
17ii» r 18c
TALLOW— Qu.e:. firm. Country. 331 c.
. COTTON SKED OLL-Qulet; unchanged.
ROSlN— steady. Strained, common to erood,
*1 62y«@l 65. h
TCKPENTINK— Quiet, steady; 30i4@303ic
POTATOE — Weak. Sweets, $4 60. * T.
HlCK— Quiet. Domestic, fair to extra. 3@s3ic :
Japan. 3%(<i.lc. . ~ '*
}lOLA>SES— Firm: fair demand. New Orleans,
o; <-n kettle, unchanged; choice, 27@37c.
. lX>FFEE— Steady ; 6 to 10 points up; January
«13 25@13 30: February, fl3 15; March |18 15-
May, $l-_'tis@l2 70; September, $11 85&11 90 :
Spot Hlo, dull: steady; Ka 7. 14»,4c.
" SUUAB— £Utw, quiet, firm: fair refining 33/«c
--centrifugal, 96 test, 33.4 c. Reilned, quiet, Va to
14c lower: off A, 4y 2 @* s /sc; mold A, 5V 8 c: stun.l
anl A, 4%c; contertioners' A, 4-"- c: cut loai
6V2C: crushed, 51/2 C; powdered, sVsc; granulated,
4^b(§»sc; cubes, s>/B''-
Fruit ami Produce.
C.M.IFOKMA VUUlTS— Apricots— Bags, 101.
@IVc.
I*KA CUES— 15c: unpeelea, bV.rd.BVIC
I ll'Kl N KB— Four sizes. r>l. s 'a:>i 4 r.
KAlßlNß— London layers, s;»i-ia..*i 25; do loose
Mi scalel, 8-crown. ;/a.Hi <)o 4-cro\vn, 4'S,4i
AL.MONJJS — Paper- shell, ll©12c; do, soft
sbeil, 9(a9i/2C.
WALM'T.S- Standard, 6y2@7c; ao soft-shell
B%@loc. •. • £./; ;. ;
liOPS— Quiet. State, common to choice, 3@93;
Pacific Coast, 'Ay s (gi9c. London market unchanged.
WOOL— Firm, quiet. Domestic fleece, 16@22c
pulled, 15@34c; Texas, 9@l3c.
Merestavndfae.
PIG IKON— American, 912014 50: quiet.
COI'I'IK- Lake. 810.. ■
LEAU- null. Domestic. $3 07J 2 'a>3 10.
TIK— l-irin. smuts. $13£13 10: plates, dull.
bl'ELTKU— Nominal.. j.'oiu.t,ul. .?;■« i! 0.
(Hi< A(i() .HAKKKTS. '
CHICAGO, lix., Jan. 6.— The Board of Trade
politics distracted the at entloh of brokers and
traders in wheat and other speculative articles t<>
«j»v, - The fight over tlie election of officers, more
especially president and vice-president, was warm
and excited, busines- suffering inconsequence. The
wheat market opened easier, the Government's
raised estimate on thelast crop, as givenoiil Satur
day, bavins: an effect disadvantageous to prices,
-h the increase wis partly expected. Liver
pool cables were y 3 lo :' A il higher, but they were
not ins runienta! 111 advancing values on this side.
-Northwestern receipts were 64S cars against 479 a
week ago and 219 on the. corresponding day a year
ago, and Chicago received 88 cars an i inspected
out 49,576 bushels. There was a rally during the
morning on a decrease in stocks at Milwaukee, but
when :i was ascertained that the falling off was
due to an elevator being withdrawn from the usual
report prices weakened. The visible supply de
clined 116. ( tOO bushels. That the reduction whs
not larger was particularly adverse to prices. The
amount on ocean passage decreased 610.000 oush
els, and the Kngifsn visible supply 350.000 bush
els. Export clearances at the seaboard were light
at 192,725 bushels. »dosttuc Continental cables
were unchanged 10 higher. The world's shipments
last week were unoflicially estimated a: 6,500.000
bushels. May wheat opened from 595/gC o 59 7 -8 l '>
soli! between*6oi,4c ana 59c, closing at. ."i9(ais9ygc,
under Saturday. Estimated receipts for 10
--11 mi row 122 oars.
CORN— The weakness of wheat carried corn
down during the morning, but after a moderate ae
dinenad taken place there was a steadier tone,
holders of --puts'' by their buying sustaining the
market. The Government report on corn was
rather encouraging to holder^ Liverpool cables
were rirm and higher. Receipts were 350 cars, uuil
143,334 busheis were taken Hum store. Export
clearances amounted to 296.8117 bushels. There
was a loss of strength when wheat weakened the
second time, all the previous improvement being
lost The visible sunply increased 21,000 bushels,
and the amount onbeean passage 1,040,000 bush
els. The close was comparatively rlrm, with May
a shade higher than Saturday. The opening on
thai future was at 281/gc, the range between 2HV 8 c
and 283 4 c, and the close at 28i/i(a)2B3 s c. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow 600 cars. •
OA IS— Received fair support subsequent to a
fiecUse at the opening. The tone was practically
the same as that of corn and was derived from it.
Receipts were 154 cars. No oats were taken from
store. Tlie feeling was easier later and the close
showed only a fractional improvement over Satur
day for May. The visible supply increased 69,000
bushels.
FLAX— firm. Cash, 9iy @92c; May, 95y a c.
Receipts were 70 cars.
PROVISIONS— advices of a firm market
for hogs were supplemented by a late report
quoting a very strong one. The product market
advanced on this, and with a good business it was
enabled to maintain a good rone throughout. The
close was 27y 2 c higher for May pork, 5@7VaC
higher for May lard and 12y 2 c higher for May ribs.
Closing Prices.
WHFAT— January, 663/ s c; February, STS/
May. 59@59y 8 e; July, syu,c-
CORN— January, %c: February, 2614 c; May,
281&@*28% C Ji)ly . 29V4@29»/kC.
Oats- January, 1714 c; May. 1di4@193/ S c.
■rOKK— January, $9 35; May, S9 t>s.
LARD— January, $5 47%: May. $5 771/2-
Xl i: — January, $4 50: May, $4 80. .
UUTTKR— The butter market was quiet to-day.
There was a fuir local business transacted, but no
outside orders were received. The feeling was
steady. Creameries— Extras, "J4c; firsts, 22(i&23c;
seconds, 19@20c; linltatlODß, fancy, 16£il8c.
Dairies— Extras, 20c; lirsts. 15@17c; seconds, 12
@13c. Ladles— 13@15c; lirsts, 10@12c;
packing stock, 10@llc; roll, 10@12c.
EGGS— tone of the market was firm, al
though the demand was only fair. Offerings were
light. Fresli stock gold at «'o@2lc; icehouse, 13y a
1 5c \> dozen.
MONEY— Was firm at 6 per cent on call and
6(«£7 per cent on time loans. New York exchange
sold at 76c premium.
Livestock.
UNION BTOCKYABBS, 111., Jan. 6,-The
arrivals of cattle to-day were light, and as the de
mand was good prices were strong and in some in
stances slightly higher. The receipts of hogs were
not up to expectations, and as packers were in the
market as buyers, prices were strong and in some
instances higher. The demand for sheep was brisk
and prices were strong, with lambs 10c higher.
CATTLE— Receipts, 16,000. Common to extra
steers, $3 25(<t4 75; stockers and feeders, $2 75
<&3 75; cows and bulls, 41" 50(83 60; calves, $3
(a.6 ', 6: Texans, 3@4 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 40,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $3 65(013 87V 2 ; common to choice
mixed, if 3 60®S 85; choice assorted, $3 80®
3 86; light, 93 b5,'&3 H2i£; pigs, $2 80@3 75.
SHEEP- 17.0U0. Inferior to choice,
?2(a3 t>s; lambs, §3 50@3 75.
NSW YORK STOCKS.
Bond<>, Exchange, Money and Kailro^.i !
Shares.
Money on call quiet at 5@6%; last loan at t>%
and closing offered at 5%. Prime mercantile pa- j
per, 7<S9 i. Bar silver, C6"aC. Mexican dol- ;
lars. 52% c. Sterling exchange is quiet, with |
actaal l.oainess in baiiKers' bills vi $4 8734 j
for sixty days and $4 xO I for demand. ;
Posted rates, $4 Bsy a @4 90. Commercial 1 bills, :
$4 863i(g.4 87. Government bonds have been !
steadier; 'state bonds lower; rauroad bonds weak.
Silver at the board was quiet.
CLOBINO STOCKS.
Am Tel <!t Cable.... 95 1 Norfolk Wes ... I^4 j
Atchlson 18 ! Preferred ..... 7
i'reierrecl 19% North American... " 4 '
Adams Express... l4o jNorthern Pacific. 3
: Alton.Terre. 69 ! Preferred 11: V 4
American Express. 112 Nortuwestem 96Vi
American Tobacco. 72i/i. Preferred 141
preferred 100 N. Y. Central 94
Bay State 1» ! N. Y. Chicago.fcS.lj 11
, Baltimore <X Ohio.. 36 1 2 Istpreferred 75
Brunswick Lands- tys 2d preferred 20
Buffalo, Koch &P. 19 jN. Y. «ft N. H 179
Canada Pacific 5i N. Y.&New Ens. 4& '
Canada Southern.. 47 X. Y. ssusq & W... B*4
Canton J-and 60V Preferred 2iy 3 !
Central Pacific.... 1± Ontario.. 7y 3
Ches.<& Ohio 133/ 8 Ontario Western. 12* 4 '
Chicago Alton 168 Oregon Improvmt, 3Vi 1
Preterrea 170 I Preferred
Chicago, B. Q. ... 7234 Oregon Navigation. 1 5
Chicago <£ E. 111... 42Vi Oregon Short Line. 5i. 8
- Preferred 95 jl'acinc Man 25
Chicasrouas 62%.! Peona. D.<fc Evan* s /i
i Cleve"<£ Pittsburg. 161 Pittsburg& W pfd. IK
! Consolidation Coal. "Bi/j I'ulliiihii Palace.. .l6o
Consolidated Uas.. 144 jQuickHllver 2
C. C. C. & St. Louis. 35 Preferred 15
Preferred 85 Reading I'*;^ 1
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 23 RioGrandeAWestn 17
Preferred »8 ; Preferred......... 40
Cotton Oil cert 16V 2 Rock Island 63% ,
j Commercial Cable. 145 iKomeWat&Ogdenllo
I Del. Hud50n. ...... 1'.'l IBt. L. & S. W 414
' Del.Lack&WesternliSßS/V Preferred... ...... f
Denver«£R.G 12 (it. Paul .. 65
Preferred. a I Preferred 125
Distillers 143,4'5t. PaulA Duluth. 25
General Klectrlc... 22 j Preferred.. 85
Erie 131/2 St. Paul Omaha.. 3)i/ a
Preferred VSi-, Preferred H7Va
Fort Wayne lt.O .St. P. M. <fc JU 110 \
GreatNorthernpfd.llo Certincat.... 67 -
Greenßay . Southern Pacific. 193,4
Harlem..... 280 isoutnern K. BVg
Hocking Coal 2 i Preferrea .2434 |
Hocking Valley... IS i.Suear Refinery.... 98i/ i
I Homestake 27 ' Preferred .. 94y a
IH. Texas Cent... IVi Term. Coal & Iron. 24
Illinois Central 90y Preferred t 100
lowa Central 7y 2 Texas Pacific 71/2
Preferred '-'4 Tol.A.A.<fc x.Mien.- —
Kansas <3t Texas.... 10i>4 Tol. <fe Ohio Cen.... 30
I'referred • 23 , , Preferred ; 65
Kingston & Pern... 3 ;! ol.St. Louis K.O. 6
Lake Erie &Westn 17y 2 Preferred.;.:..... 10
.Preferred ..... 66i, 4 Union Pacific...... 3% 1
Lmce. 5h0re. ....... 13«y 2 U. P.. Den. <& Gult 3
National J_ead^ 22%j U.S. Cordage 4y 2
Preferred.... 824i>l Preferred ...' 83, i
Lontrlslana 81 Unaranteed 16
Louisville & Na9h. 41 ,U. S. Exorees ... 39
Louisville Na&Ch. S U. S. Leather '• 9y 2
Preferred 16- '. Preferred 60 '
Manhattan Consol. 981,4 L". S. Rubber 25
Mempnisit Charts. 15 Preferred 83
Mexican Central... Utlca&B. River. .lso
Michigan Central.. 9t : VVab. S. L. & Pac BS/
ilinn&«. L — 1 Preferred 15'
Preferred.. — 'Wells-Fareo 9!)
Minn. <fc St. L com." 17 Western Union.... SiVa
Ist preferred 75 WisCentra! 31/ 4
Ud preferred 44 . Wheeling <t L. E.. 10
Missouri Pacific.. 2314 Preferred. 35V 2
Mobile«t-Ohio 21 Am Cotton Oil pfd. esi/.
Kashville Chait.... 65 W U Beef 8
National Linseed.. 19% L I Traction 16
K.J. Central 9S Ann Arbor 9y
CI.OSINO BONOS.
CP4p.rej: 108 UlKT2ds 67
Do, 4» coupon... 10- Vo D 0,45....., 45..... ' 82
T 4stiewreg 114 W Mutual Unlon'Bs'.'.'.lls
Do, 4s coupon... 1 14 y 2 X J Cent Gen 65... 113
Do. 2s 96 Northern Pac lsts.ll4
Do, 6s 1121/4' Do. 2ds 100
Do. 6s couDOn 11*2 14 Do, 3Cs. 65
Cherokee 4s. 189(5. uiO Norrnwesi Coniiolsll»9
Do. 1897 10:j I I>o, deb 6s 107
Do. 1898 100 OR&Nlsts... 110
D0.1b99 1«.O SiL&lronMtGen6a 79'
Pacific 6s 0t'95.... 8t I. & S F G«n 6s. 100
D. C. 3-6 5s 110 Paul Consols 12 'i-i
AlaClassA4. .OS St. P. C. «k Pa lsts.ll3
Do. Class 84, 58. 103 | Do, Pac Cal ists..llo%
LaConsol4s 96 Southern R. R. 6s. 89 ,-i
Missouri fuudlnc.. . Texas Pacific firsti 83V5
N CRrolinn^on 63..120 Texas Pac seconds. 18 l
Do, 4s lOi) UnionPaclstor9B. 1041/2
Fo Carolina 4V 2 5... csi Shore 4s 1041.2
Temi new 39 , 89 Mobile & Ohio 4s. «3
Va funding debt... «BVi ; R GranaeWestlats 7" 4
i'o, reg Ches<fcOss 1041/,
Do, deferred 65... 6 lAtchlson 45........ 7iy.
Do, trust rcpts st 6y 2 Do, 2ds A l-oVfe
Canada South Yds.. iOB h s a 65.. 104 ■
Cen Pac lstsof '95. 98 1 Do, 2d 7s. . .. 1011
Den<fc R O Ist 110 i/ 8 II & Tex Cent 5a.. JOB
Do. 4s 84 . I Do. con 65.'....... 104 I
Erie2da 65 {Reading 4a.... 723/.
Kansas Pa Consols 70V4 Missouri Ba 100
Ks Pa Ists divllO '
J'OKEHi.N MAKKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKRnDOI.
LIVERPOOL, Exro., Jan. The spot market
Is firm at 5s sd(<j,ss 6d. Cargoes are firmer at 27s
1 Vid urrived.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable tcivps the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
ury, 5s 4d; I'ebruury. 5s sdj ilarch, 5s 63/ id:
il ril, 6s6a; May, 5s «Vad. . a «/4 u .
6ECI'KITIEB.
LONDON, Kno., Jan. 6— Consols, 105%; sil
ver, 30 9-16 d; French Kt-ntes, .
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterlin-; Kxchanse, 60 days — $4 88
sterling Exchange, slghi " _ 4 hoi/_
Merlin!,' Cabi«a 91 miv
New York Kxcnange, sisht ' — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — i>ar
Fine silver, jounce _ 667/o
Me.ticuii Dollars k 53y a 64
GOVEKX3IEXT MONEY IN THIS CITY.
C. r. Berry, Assistant Treasurer United States at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7 ? 1896.
San Francisco, reports cash on band December 31,
1895, as follows:
United States notps 8841,452 00
i Treasury notes IH9O 632,145 00
: National Bank notes 117.175 00
<;old crtilicatea 46,580 00
Silver certificates 1.727,045 00
Gold coin 11,141,063 50
standard silver dollars 24,K16,753 00
Subsidiary silver coin 701,76900
Minor coin 6,631 16
j Total $39,930,61 3 66
' Shipments of silver coin from the same office in
i the month of December, 1H95, were as follows:
! Standard silver dollars, SI 19,500; fractional silver
j coin, #60,150.
PEODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTIIEK GRAINS.
WHEAT— John Ena takes for Sydney 95,
--853 ctls, valued at 8110.000.
- An abv'ance abroad was offset by' a decline at
! Chicago, so the market, did not change. No. 1,
jsl 02y 3 ; choice. $1 0334@l 05; lower grades, 80
! @97yac; extra choice for milling, $107y 3 @l 12y .
CAt.L BOARDsAI.ES.
Informal Session — 10 o'clock — May — 100
tons, $1 07 ; 1700, $1 073/ 8 .
Rebular MimxiXfj session— May— 3oo tons,
$1 071/4; 700. $1 073/ . spot, storage paid— loo,
! $1 03i, .
Aktkrxoox Skssi in— May— 2oo tons, $1 07ys;
200. ?1 07; 100, $1 06?/ g .
BARLEY— Nothing new to report' except that
the market is firm. Feed, 67y 2 @7oc; choice. 71!/4c;
I brewing, 72y 2 <&B'jy c; Chevalier, $1 10@l 20 for
No. 1 and 75c(af$l ctt for off grade.
CALL BOAKD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Rkgui-ab Mobsiso Skssion— May— 4oo tons,
705/ 8 c; 600, 70y c.
Aft bn-oon session— May— 4oo tons, 70Vic;
100, 703/ c. •--.-
OATS— Steady and unchanged. Milling are quot
able at 70(a)7 5c f* ctl: fancy Feed, 80@85c; good
tochoice, 67y2®80c; common to fair, 57 l ij(ai6sc;
Gray; 65@75c; Red, for seed, 85(a>95c; Black, for
seed. $1 10@l 30: Surprise, 90@9fy c.
CORN— White is neglected, but Yellows continue
to advance. Receipts are larger. Large yellow,
87V>c; Small Round do, 87V 3 @9oc; White, 80®
85c*£ctl.
RYE— 7s®Boc IB ctL ,
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at 85c@$l $ ctl, ac
cording to quality.
FIiOUB AND MIIXSTUFFS.
. FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 55©3 65; Bakers' extras, $3 4b@3 65; super
fine, $2 40@2 50 %* bbl.
CORXMEAL, ETC.— Corn, $19@19 50 1»
ton: Cracked Corn, $19 60@20 & ton.
MI L.LSTUFFS— Prices in 10-tt> sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
23/4 c; Rye Flour, 3yic: Rice Flour. 7y c; Corn
meal, @3c; extra cream do, 3%c: Oatmeal,
3%c: Oat Groats. 4y-c: Hominy, 4(a»4V c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y 2 c: Farina,
41-Jjc: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4y 2 c;
Penrl Barley, 4Vi@4y«c; Split Peas, 4%c; Green
do, 51/4 C %i Ib. ■ "
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— SI 2 50@14 ?> ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 for lower grades up to
?20 50 t 1 ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— KoUed Barley, $15 50@16 50 $
ton; oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 %i ton; jobbing,
$22 60: Cottonseed Oilcake, 831.
HAY — The dry weather is at last having its effect,
and the market is doing better. Wheat is uuot
able at $.S(<£l2 50 %* ton: oat. 8(n,10 50 %« ton;
Wheat and Out, $7 50(«.ll 50 ~$ ton; Barley, $7@
9 50; Alfalfa, *6@7 50; Clover. $7(ai9; Com
pressed, $7 blHa.l l ; Stock, $6@7 50 f*, ton.
STRAW— Unchanged at 35<&60e %i bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Are too dull for any change in prices.
Bay os, $l(gil 15 $ ctl: Small Whiles, $1 25<g)
1 40; Pea, $1 50@l 60; Large Whites, $1 15@1 30;
Pink, 90c(<i,$l 10; Reds, $1 35(g.l 50: Blackeye,
$175@185; Red Kidney, $1 65@1 75; Limas,
$2 40f0i2 60; Butters, $1 60®l 7. ) f CtL
SEEDS — Brown Mustard $1 96@2 05 "$ ctl:
Trieste, $2fa,2 v; 0; Yellow Mustard. $1 40@l 60;
Flax. $1 80^, ctl; Canary, 3Vi®3y,c ,"$ tt>; Al
falfa 6\4@6y 8 c fS tt>; Rape, l%@2c"V It>; Hemp,
4c r lt>.
DRIED PEAS— Quoted at $1 25@1 50 r> cil for
Nlles, $1 20@l 30 for Blackeye and $1 25@1 75
for Green. . ..tVv :><..-'' '■:■ :~.>..- : "~
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Choice stock continues firm. Vol
unteer New Potatoes. 2c'j* Jb; Sweets, $1 50@2 for
Rivers and $2 25 for Merced; Salinas Burbanks, 60
<§.90c %>, ctl: River Burbanks, 25<g,35c "#. sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 40@;70c: River Reds, 50(0,H0c %! ctl.
ONlONS— Higher at 80rrf90c; Cut Ou:ous, 50(q>
65c; Oregons, 75c@$l f, ctl.
VEGETABLES— Dried Peppers, 7<aioe f, n>
Tomatoes, 25fe60c %* box; lx)s Angeles Tomatoes,
75c@$l; Green Peas. 7^>Bc; String Beans. ;
Dried Okra, la^c; Cabbage, 50c "#> ctl; Garlic, 4
©•llisc Marrowfat Squash, $20
POULTRY AND GAME.
POCLTRY— A car of Eastern sold at $5 50i0,«
for Bens and Roosters. California stock was nomi
nal under light receipts.
Live Turkeys, ll@l2c f, H> for Gobblers and 12c
Ib for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, ; Geese,
fl pair, $1 50@2; Bucks. $4 50@6; Bens, $4 50(ai
6 50; Roosters, young. $4 50<&6 50: do, old, $4<a
4 50: Fryers, $4 50: Broilers, $4(0.4 50 for large
and $3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1"60(g*2 %i dozen
for young and $l(o.l 25 fur old.
HAWK- Not much change. Arrivals were ample.
Quail. $1 |l doz; Mallard, 9303 50 W do/.- (an
vasback, $:-«*6; Sprig, $1 B0@2; Teal. $1 25(il 50:
Widgeon, jl(ail 25; Small Duck, 85c(g^!l ; Hare. b0
fe7sc: Rabbits, $1 25 for Cottontails and 76c@$l
for small: (Jray Geese, $2(tt2 50; White Geese
$1; Brant, $1 25(g.l 50: Honkers, $3te4; English
Suipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $IWI 50.
BCTTKK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BTJTTER-The market is very firm at a fur
ther slight advance.
CRKAMEBY-Fancy, 26@27c; seconds, 24@25c
Vlb.
Hairy— Fancy, 24ff125c; good to choice, 2'J@ '
23c; lower grades, 18@21c.
CHEKBE— Fancy mild new, ll<ani/,c f> Ib;
special marks hig"her still; common mgood, JtelOc
« \l: Cream Cheddar, ll(^12c; Young America,
Il'a.l2c; Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12f413c > It..
EGGS— California are in slender supply and very
firm, but most dealers are not disposed to advance
prices at this time of the year. Orecon Eggs, 22c;
fancy Eastern, 24@25c; nood to choice Eastern,
22Vz@23c; seciitKlsT2lCg,22c; store Egga, 28®26c;
ranch Eggs, 27Vb(0,32i /3 c f* doz, with someTsales
even higher.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Persimmons, 40@75c •§
box; Apples, 75c@$l for good to choice, 00@65c
for common to fai: and $1 25 for fancy; l.ady Ap
ples, 50t076c in small and $ I@l 25 in large boxes.
CITRUS fri ITS— California Oranges are lower,
but Mandarins are • higher. California Oranges
are quotable ;at $i 25@1 76 1* box for Seedlings
and if 1 50@2 50 for Navels: Japanese "Mandarins,"
$I@l 25 f* box; Lemons, $1&1 50 for con:mon
and 9203 for -:ood to choice: Mexican l.imrs. $ft@
5. 60; bananas, $I@2 %<- bunch; Pineapples, if 2@
5 $ dozen. • ..-.-.'■,■,
I>RIED FRUITS, RAIS.NS, M'TS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— Nothing going on at all. The
following prices rule on the Fruit Exchange:
Caeload Apples, 2y 2 @3c%* tti for quar
tered, >' 3@3V&c r t> 1b for sliced and.4i4@sc "% 1b
for evaporated; Peaches, 4@scf» Ib and 5y 2 @
6c Ib for fancy; peeled in boxes. 12@13c
Ib; Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6@6V2 %* tb
for 40(£60's and 5c f» Ib for 60@60's; Apricots,7y 2
@9c for prime to choice and 10@Ilc "$, Ib for fancy
Moorpark; Figs, black, 3@3y c Ib for pressed
and 2@2y 2 c for' unpressedt White Figs, 3i.A@4c
1* lb for pressed in sacks s@6c in boxes: Pears,
7c t* lb for evaporated halves, 4@6Vic %* lb for
quarters; Plums, 4@4y c %i lb for pitted and iy 2 ®
2y 2 c for unpitted ; >. ectarines, s@6c lb for prime
to choice and 6V2C for fancy.
- Jobbing Peices— Apples, 4@4y 2 c; Peaches. 3@
4c and 5c forfauty; peeled, in boxes, 10@12y 2 o;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6te6y 2 c for •10ta5U's
and 5c for 50@60's; Apricots, 8@9 C for prime to
! choice and K>@llc for fancy iloorpark; Figs,
black, 13 / i@2y 2 c: White Figß, «@sc: Pears. Ci/SjC
for e\aporuted halves and 3@s"y2C for quarters;
Plums. 31/2 C lor pitted and l@iy 2 c tor unpltted;
Nectarines, 4@sc f) n> for prime to choice.
EAIBINB AND I>uiEl) G RAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lot?, f.' o. 1). San Francisco:
liondon layers, Hs@9oc "f. box; four-crown, loose,
3 3 /iC >* lb; three-crown, loose, 2yoc; two-crown,
'. *'.'! ic: seedless Sultanas, 33/4 ®4c"; seealessMus-'
cateis, 2y 2 @!23ic; clusters, $1"35@l 50; T-ehesa
clusters, if- 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60
@2 75; Dried Grapes, 2y 2 c %4 lb. -
Jobbing Pbicks — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
crown, 2i4@2y z c: 2-crown, l^4@2c; seedless Sul
tanns, (a4c: Seedless Mußcaiels, Sft&c; 3-crown
London layers. 85c@$l; clusters, *1 40@l 50;
Dehesa clusters, $'J 25;. Imperial clusters, $2 75:
Dried rapes, 2J^c.
Chestnuts, B@loc Walnuts, 7(&8c
j 1?. lb for No. 1. hard and {t@9^ for softshell, Job
: bin:: lots; Almonds, 6@7y 2 c tor Languedoc arid
By2@Joc for paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts, 3y 2 @'
4c f*. lb for ifornia: Hickory nuts, s(gioc";
Pecans, 6c for rotißh and 8c for polished ; Filberts,
B®9c; Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 @Bc %* Ib; Cocoanuts,
$4 60@5 f» 100.
HONEY— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c^lbfor
bright and B@9c fi lb for lower grades; watpr
white extracted, 6@5y 2 '$ lb; light amber ex
tracted, H/i(ffi4:}4c; dark nmber, 4c; dark, "2(a3c.
BEES\VA3C-25@26c lb. 
TKOVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Are quiet at the decline.
Bacon is quotable at 6c %S Ib for heavy, 7c f>. lb
! for light medium, 9c * lb for light. 10c for
extra and 12c '<$, Ib for sugar-cured; Eastern
StiKttr-cured Hams, liy <: '$ tb; California lianas,
10c; Miss Beef, $7 %■»■ bbl ; extra mess do, $8: fam
ily do, $9@9 50; extra prime Pork, $8 %* bbl; ex
tra clear. .t>l4 %* bbl; mess. $ bbl; Smoked
Beef, 9y a @loc %S Ib. , . ■
_LA KD— Eastern, tierces, is quotable at 6c "$
Jb for compound and 7y 2 c for pure: palls, 8c Cali
fornia tierces, sy c for compound and 6c. for pure;
bsUf-bbls, 6Vic; 10-lb tins, 7c; do stb, 7@ ! 7»/ic %* tb.
CO'ITOLENE— 7c in tierces and 7%cf tb in 10
--lb tins.
HIDES, TAILOW, WOOL, AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Heavy salted steers, 7c;
culls and brands, 6e: medium, 6c: culls and brands,
sc; light, 5c $» tt>; culls and brands, 4c: Cowhides,
o@sy a fe lb; culls ' and brands, 4@iy c; salted
Kip, 5c %* ft; salted Calf, 8c X* Ib: salted Veal,
lie: dry Hides, 10@llc 1* tb; culls and brands, 7@
7y 2 c: dry Kip and Veal, Oc: culls, 6y 2 c: dry Calf,
15c: culls, 10c: Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, 6c:
Deerskins, good summer, 25(&30c: medium. 15@
25c: winter, 10@l5c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@
20cea<h; short wool, 30@40c each; medium, 40
@50c each : long wool, 60i3>70c each. Culls of all
kinds, about y 2 c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 4@4c; No. 2, 3@
3i/ic: refined, 53^ c; Grease, 2y 2 c "f 1 - ft.
\\ OOL — We quote Fall as follows: Humboldt and
Mendocino. 7@9c: San Joaquin and Southern, 3@
6c: free Mountain. 6@7c; defective do, 4@6c 1* lb.
HOPS— Nominal, at 4@6c f» ft.
OENERAIi 31ERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 10@4 15; Wool Bags, 24@26c.
" COAL— Wellington Is quotable at $8 f* ton;
New Wellington, $8 ■§ ton; Southfletd Wellington,
$7 50: Seattle, $5@5 60: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay,
$6; Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo,
S7 50;; Cumberland, $14 in bulk and $15 in sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. fl2; Welsh An
thracite Egg, $10: Uannel. $7 50@8; Hock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $13
in bulk and $15 Ift ton in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Rerinery Company
has advanced its prices and now quotes terms, net
cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered and Fine Crushed,
all 5%c; Dry Granulated, sc; Confectioners' A,
4% C ; Magnolia A, 4S/ c; Extra C, 4Vic; Golden C,
41/8 C; half-barrels, i/ie "more than barrels, and
boxes V c more.
SYKLP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Bluck Strap, 10c
"$> eai.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef is firmer and Mutton has made a material
advance. No Spring Lamb coming in at the mo
ment. Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, si/ @6c; second quality,
4i/ 3 @sc; third do. ;-:@4c '$ Ib.
VEAL— Large, 6@Bc; small. 6@7c 9 Ib.
MUTTON-U'ethers. 6(a.6i 2 c; Ewes, 6c Ib.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, ; Yearlings, 6(a,6V 2 c
p ib-
PORK— Live Hogs, SVic <$ tt) for large and 33/ c
for small: dressed do, 4y @sy c * ft.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOI'RS.
Flonr.qr. sks 20,4 10 Beans, sks. 400
Oregon 12,988|Hay. tons. 316
Wheat, ctls 54,135 Straw, tons 8
Oregoii 3,3s():ilides, no 278
Barley, ctls 1.225 ivits. bdls..- 28
Oregon 7,soo) Wine, gals 63,200
Oats, ctls 2,030 Brandy, gals 3,300
Oregon 3.65 ft Butter, ctls 20
Corn, ctls 3.150 Cheese, ctls 13
Potatoes, sks. 3,r>JH Eggs, doz 2,400
Oregon if.HW Lumber. M feet... 10
Onions, sks 195 Leather, rolls 189
(| re«on 278>Hops, bis 64
Br»n, Nics 925 : W001. bis 43
Oregon 3,27o|Tallow.ctls 137
Middlings, 5k»..... 41OShorts, Or, sks.... 1,250
Oregon '_'8O!
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Adolph Mack to Clara Mack, lot on W line of Bu
chanan street, 33:6 S of Clay, S 32:2V4 by W
107:6; gift.
Samuel and Mary A. Ralney to Peter Wheelan,
lot on E line of Fillmore slreetj 48 N of Kate, > 24
by E 81:3; $5.
Frederick L. Wright to Nellie M. Anderson, lot
on s line of Clay street, 37:6 E of Walnut, E 25 by
8 102:8V4i subject to a mortgage; $10.
A. C. Freese (administrator of the estate of Pat
rick Meehan) to Charles R. Hawthorne, lot on S,
line of Ueary street, 25 W of Blake, W 25 by S 125;
City and County of Ban Francisco to Michael and
Hannah Fitzgerald, lot on SE line of Folsora street,
92:9 NE o? Twelfth, NE 20 by si-; «0; $ .
James McCloskey to Catherine Flanagan, lot on
N line of Nineteenth street, 49 W of Shotwell, W
73:6, N 9, r >, X 25:6, S 32:6. E 48, S 62:6; $10.
Robert Lowrie to William F. E. Segelcke. lot on
\V line of Shotwell street, 225 N of Twenty-fifth, N
85 by w 122:9; $10.
Joseph Orrto Florence Philpott, lot on S line of
-\rmv street. 80 E of Noe. E 25 by s 114; $10.
Axel Johnson to Charles Josselyn, lot on S line
of Army street. 50:11 E of Diamond, E 101 :10 by
S 114; also lot on NW corner of Twenty-seventh
and Diamond streets, N 114 by W 80; $10.
stai" Investment and Insurance Company (by
R.I. Wheian, Sheriff) to Otto turn Suden. lot'on X
line 01 Sapsome street, 89 t) of California, S 29:4
by E 137:6; $1100.
Otto turn Siulen to M. E. Bankowskl, same: $5.
Margaret Meley to Sarah N. Terry, undivided
5 :t lot on SE corner of St. Mary's lane and oree.ii
wich street, thence — 44 1 .. \iiras, 8 S l^ varas, E
s- :; varas. N 51/2 varas. \C B% varas. being 523
Montgomery avenue (SW Montgomery avenue
119:ns- gl SE I'nion S 47:U , E 22:10, N 18:9,NW
37:2%). quitclaim deed; $1000.
A. O. Freese (administrator of estate of Mary
O.Neil) to Peter R. Hnnsen, lot on NW line of
Natnnia street, 275 SW ot Seventh, SW 25 by NW
75: $4000.
K. H. I.yon to Emanurl H. Lyon, lot on r<\V cor
ner of Clement, street and Fifteenth avenue, N
104:3 by W 831 :11, warranty deed; $10.
Julius T. Scheltema to Jeanne M. A. scheltsmn,
lot on E line of Twetity-flfth avenue, 39:6 S of B
street, S 125 by E 120; $10.
sol and Dora Getz to lx>uise Over, lot on XE cor
ner of X street and Thirty-sixth avenue, N 100 by
1•: 5.V. $10.
.Ic.hn .1. and SCary I- O'Farrell to James and
Sarah Kelly, lot 01, NX line ol Crokes street, 375
NWo| Mission. WW 28 by Xl£ 150, Academy
Tract; 910.
William Little (executor estate of Jean M.
Robertson) to Marion Robertson, lot on W line of
Orizaba street. 175 N ■ herman, N 25 by W 100,
block 57, city land ; $50.
Miguel, Vincent and ratallna Nip and Oatalina
Bpllvalo to John Rogowski, undivided half of lot
on N line of Twentieth street, 342:11 X of Stanyan,
X 160 by N 100; $10.
Eliza Clayton to Ida M. Clayton, lot on NE
line of Trinidad street, J225 NW of Alleghany,
NW 75 by NE 100; also lot on S corner Trinidad
and St. Lawrence, s\V 100 by SE7s:also lot on
SW line of Algeria. 225 NW Osage, SW 100 by
N\V76:ss.
Louisa A. Littleton to Grace C. Probesco, lot on
N line of Montana street, 115 E of Orizaba. F. 25
by N 126, block r, Railroad Homestead Associa
tion; $10.
Catherine Dwyer (nee Potters) to Mary Wright,
lot on E line of Goettingen street, 200 is* of .Still
man, E 120 by N 100; gift.
Masonic Cemetery Association to D. W. Tietjen.
graves 111, 1 13 ami 115, Acacia path north; also
graves 112, 114 und 116. Verbena path north; $58.
AI.AMKDA COUNTY.
Charles Babb to Bugh Davies, lot on S line of
Dennisoa street, 50 E of Kennedy, X 'J5 by S 100,
block B, Shell Mound Tract, Kast Oakland: $ 10. —
George S. and Mary A. Johnson COfleomH.
CunniQgham, lot at the intersection of NKlineof
Suiter street with E line of Vicente. BE 137-6 \E
150. N\V 50, 8W 100. NW 100, S\V 25, 8 '_'8 to be
ginning, block X, \'. J'eralta Reservation Tract,
Oakland Township: $10.
George H. C'unningnam to fJeorge J. Turt on. lo
at the intersection of NS line of gutter street with
E line of Vicente street, SE 137:6 NE 60. 8W
100, NW 100, s\V '25. S 28 to beginning, block E.
V. I'eralta Reservation Tract, Oakland Township'
William P. and Alice F. Todd to John Titus,
lots 24 to 29, block K. Thermal Hill Tract, for
merly Howe Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
Aurelia Wanner n> Martha Teltz, lot on X line
ot Arch street. 399:11 N of Vine. N 75 by X
298:2, portion lots 27 and 28, block 1, Berkeley
View Homestead. Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $5.
William RaHiniissen to Anna Rasmussen, lot 27,
block A, amended map Moss Tract, Brooklyn
Township; gift.
Amelia B. and Allen Wilson et nl. to Klizabeth
Harding, lo's 1 and 2, Teralta Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Francis 8. Sprinir to Francisco da Roge, lot 16
block 83, plan of Decoto, Washington Township;
$250.
Harry L. Holcomb to Emily K. Latham, lot on
W liri" of orange avenue, 40 N from th>- N line of
Latham Trad, W 135. 8 40. X 135, N4O to begin
mng, portion of I'.hisdel Tract .Map No. 2, Brook
lyn Towrship: also lot on the corner of Twenty
fourth avenue tind Latham Tract. X 120, N 70,
W" 120.14. S7oto beKinnlng, portion of lot 1, block
6, Blasdel Trac: Mup 3, subject to a mortage for
$600. Brooklyn Toun-hip: *10. t
Krick Boes to John Z. and Carol'ne Thomsen,
lot 6, block 1 . Golden Gate Tract, subject to mort
gage, Oakland Township.; $10.
Daniel McKeirnan to Mary A. McKeirnan, lot
20, block 117. Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley; gift.
Same to same, lot on \V line of Sixth street,
201.85 8 of » him ninic way. H 50 by W 136, lots 11
and 12, block 133, corrected map of Avery Tract,
Berkeley: gift.
Joseph and Augusta Herzog to 11. A. Jones, lots
6 to 10. block 5, Herzog Tract, Berkeley, quitclaim
deed: $25.
John und Sarah 11. McCarthy to North Berkeley
Church, Berkeley, lot on SW corner of Cedar and
Oxford streets. B 71.01, W 135, N 61. fir.. E 188.06
to bPzinniriL', being lot 13, block D, Percy Tract,
Berkeley; $100.
Edwnrd I-., and Susan A. Potter to Helen L. Nil
son, lot 34-', Potter Tract, Berkeley: $*i6O.
Julius Duerr to John Lughammer, lot on North
Fifth street, 50 X of Kirkham. E 25 by N 101,
being lot 7, block 491, Briggs Tract, Berkeley ; $10.
J. Bartlett to Jennie C. O'Neill, lot on S* line of
Knox avenue, 500.49 W of Telegraph, S 149.64, W
40, X 153.20, E 40.1H to beginning, being lot 15,
Knox Park, Oakland; sio.
Charles. F. and Mary PI. Brown to Manuel Ayala,
lots 2, :;. l?arid 20, block A, V. Peralta Reserva
tion Trac;. Oakland Township; also lot on E line
of Telegraph avenue. 90 8 of sutler street, H 90 by
X 150. block B, same, Oakland Township; also lo"t
on W line of Vicente avenue, 40 S of Sinter street,
H 45 by W 150, block B, same, Oakland Town
ship: $10.
Joel 11. Lynn to Xora Lynn, lots 6 and 7, block
B, Percy Tract, Berkeley; Rift.
A. J. and Nancy Smlthson to Emilie W. Sals
bury, lo- on XI-; litioof Orange strpct, 326:10 SE
of Orchard avenue, NE 150. N\v 51:10, sw 160,
BE 51:10 to beginning. KM 6*2, Marion Tract; also
lots 1. '2 and 8. block '2G. Warner Tract, subject to
mortgage for 9900, Brooklyn 'lownship: $10.
Fred rick and Anna C Bam man n to Him thai A.
Dennis, lot on sk corner of Kaglo avenue and
Lafayette street. X 108 by S 40, portion of lots 13
to 16, block 47, Kiicinal, Aiamoclii; $10.
Lutlifr J. and Vary K. llolton to O. E. Swain,
lot 16, block A, Bellevue Tract, A «mda; $10.
THE calx < u.i:m»ah.
i M. Tu. W.i
1
zzz
j 13 14 16
I 20 !21 23
I |
!27 !28 29 i
Th. I'r.
2 3
9 10
16 17
23 24
30 I 31 I
Sa.
Moon's Phase*.
*1
I
111 i
/f*\ Last Quarter.
January 7.
j ,
eNow Moon.
January J4.
12
18 i
I
i i
I /~?\First Quarter
V«4/ January 22.
19
•_'."> !
rvt^ Full Moon.
>£/ January 30.
26
I
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates or Departure i rom San Francisco.
BTKAMKR. | DESTINATION |
SAIM.
! PIER.
Point ixmia. I Grays Harbor. Jan 7.1*2 w I Pier 2
Del iNorie .. Grays Hart>or. Jau H.l'J m Fifth St
W Paui NewDort Jan 8, 9au Pier 11
Colon .Panama Jau 8,1 a M P M. S S
A Blanchani Portland Jau ft.l M Pier IS
Afridi China & Japan Jan 9, 3pm P MSS
Alameda Sydney Jan 9, '2pm Oceanic
Columbia... : Portlaha Jan 9.l()au ' Pier 24
Corona San JDteeo JuiilU.llam Pier 11
Walla Walla Vie <t Pjrt Snd Jan 10. 9am Pier 9
Pomona ; Humboldtßay Jan 10. 'Jr» Pier 9
Ariujo i'oos Bay { Jun 10.10 am Pier 13
Eureka . NewDOK ; Jan 12. 9am Pier 11
Ktateof Cal ' Portland : J&iil4.loau Pier 24
Santa. Kosa.. San Diego jJan 14.11 am Pierll
faraiion... \ anulna Ray. [jan 14. spm Pier' 2
STEAMERS TO AKKIVK.
Steamer |
Truckee ..... i
Alice Blancnard .
Mexico.
Crescent City...
Araeo
Pomona, ....... j
£ureica,
Peru !
Costa Rica I
Alineola i
Arcata j
City of Sydney,
I'matilla !
State of Cat ;
Santa Kosa. ;
City of Panama
Farallon ]
Wellington
Australia.
Willamette Vai.
BtPaui.....
City of Everett
Columbia '.
|Tillamook...::.. :
I Portland
San Dieeo
Crescent City...........
I Coos Bay
j Humboidt. Bay
Newport
China and Japan
: Departure Bay
Tacoma '
Coos Bay
Panama.../....'
i Victoria <fc Pueet Sound
] Portland ."
i !>nn Diego
j Panama
i Yaauina Bay
Departure Bay
Honolulu
Mexico
! Newport.
Panama
: Portland
L.Jan 7
I. .Jan 7
..Jan 8
..Jan 9
..Jan 9
..Jan 9
..Jan 10
..Jau 10
..Jan 10
..Jan 10
I.. Jan 10
i.. Jau 11
! ...lan 11
i ..Jan 11
! ..Jan W
| ...lati 12
..Jan 13
..Jan 12
..Jan 13
..Jan IS
..Jnn 14
..Jan 14
..Jan 16
SUN AND TIDE TABLE.
B
. i Large, i
.;Large.
. .
5.42P 5.04a!1T.00p11
T.'J-'p 5.48»'11.54P 0
7
0.1
i 1.2.
HIDKOGBAPHIC BULIiETIN.
Branch Hydbookaphic Office., T7. 8. N. ")
Mkrchaxts' Exchange, V
San* Fraxcisco, January 6. 189fi. J
The time ball on Telegrapn Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. m., Greenwich time.
A. P. Frchtelkb,
Lieutenant X.". S. X., In charge.
SIIIPPIJkO INTUJLLItiJCNCIS.
Arrived.
MONDAY, January 6.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, 59% hoursfrom Portland,
via Astoria 441/4 hours; pass and mdse, to O R & N
Co.
Stmr St Paul, Green, 70 nours from Nfcwport.etc;
pass and nids<\ to Goodall, Perkins «fc Co.
Stmr Albion, Lundquist, 16 hours from Albion;
32 M ft lumber, 580S r r ties, to Albion Lumber Co.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicholson. 60 hours from San
Dieuo; produce, to Goodall, Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson. 17 hours from Cleone;
r r ties and piles, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Protection, Ellefsen. 98 hours from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to S E Slade Lumber Co.
stmr Excelsior, Higgins, V! 4 hours trom Eu
reka: lumber, for southern ports. Put In to land
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 74 hours from
Victoria and Puget sound ports; pass and mdse, to-
Goodall. Perkins it Co.
Sclir Mary C, Campbell, — hours frm Bodega: —
bxs butter, to Ross & Hewlett.
Cleared.
MONDAY, January 6.
StmrPomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
&Co.
Br ship Beecroft, Mercier. Hull; Eppinger & Co.
Br ship Thomasina MacLellan, Maim, Queens
town; Eppingercfc Co.
Schr Eva, Klitgaard. Champerico: Chas Nelson.
Ssiileit.
MONDAY, January 6.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka.
Stmr Westport, Petersen.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego, etc.
Haw ship John tna, Madsen, Sydney.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— January 6—lo p M— Weather
hazy, wind NE: velocity 6 miles.
'.'liar eri.
The schr H C Wright loads redwood at Eureka
for Honolulu ; bktn Katie Flicklnger, lumber on
the Sound for shanghai, 61s 3d ; bktn Motloc, lum
ber on the Sound for Santa Kosalia.
Spoken.
Nov 12— No lat or long, Brship Buteshire, from
Swansea, for s>an Francisco.
Dec 11— Lat 6 N, long 27 W, Br ship Celtic Queen
from Cardiff, ior Santa Kosalia.
lloilie-t C I'ortS.
. UMPQU A— Arrived Jan 3-Schr Uly. hence Dec
21.
Sailed Jan S— Schr Lucy, for San Pedro. ■
ASTORrA— Arrived Jan 6— Simr State of Cali
fornia, hence Jan 4; Br bark Glengaber, from New
castle, XSW. :..•.,...■'. ■
sailed Jan s— Stmr Alice Blanchard, for San
Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed Jan 6— Stmr Pasadena,
from Kureka, ior San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 6— Schr Prosper, from
San lvdro.
NEWPORT— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Navarro, frm
Fort Hragg.
Sailed Jan — Stmr Caspar, for Caspar.
CASPAK— bailed Jan 6— Stmr Jewel.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrlved Jan 5-Stmr
Alcatraz. from Point Arena.
sailed Jan 6— Stmr Progress, for Departure Bay.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Arago, hence
.lan 4.
FORT BHAGG— Jan s— Stmr Whites
boro, hence Jan 4; Dec 6— Stmr C'leone, hence
Jan 5.
sa N PF.DRO— Sailed Jan 6— Schr Louise, for
I'mpqua.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 6— chr Jessie Minor,
hen cc Pec 1 ; schr Bertie Minor, from San Pedro.
Stmr Excelsior, Hlggins, southern coast.
Foreign Ports.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 6— Brstmr Gaelic,
hence Dec 11.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Jan 3— Brstmr Empress
of Japan, for Vancouver; Dec s— Brstmr Coptic,
for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
MoVements of Traim-.YMaut.io Ste-irasrs.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan G— Stmr La Gascogne
from Havre: stmr Phoenlca, from Hamburg: stmr
Venelia, from Copenhagen.
Importations.
GOLETA— Per Santa Cruz— B cs honey, 2 ska
beeswax. 6 cs pampas plumes.
Lompoc— l cs lobsters. roll leather, 1 pkg Iron,
2cs boots and shoes, V.'2 ca eggs, 115 sks potatoes.
307 sks mustard, 80 bxs'dried prunes, 30 bxs dried
apples. 1 bx apples, 1 sk I) earth, 1 cs mdse. ;
SAN PEDHO— PerSt Paul— lo bxs vegetables,
3'J mdse.
. Newport— 2s2l sks corn, 20 bxs raisins, 50 bxs
lemoos, 166 bxs oranees.
Kast San Pedro— lo cs canned goods, 6 pkgs
mdse.
Los Angeles via LA Ky— l96 bxs oranges, 24
pkgs indue, 2 cattle. ...
San Luis Obispo— 2s7 sks harley, 120 sks oats.
Hp Co from Han Pedro— 2s cs eggs, 4 pkgs mdse,
4 bss oranges.
Hueneme— 3 bxs butter, 9 bdls hides.
Ventura— 4 cs eggs, 2 bdls bides, 1 bx butter, 31
bdls green hides, 8 pkgs mdse, 195 bxs oranges, 60
bxs lemons, 107 pkgs mdse.
(iaviota— 3B sks crawfish, 1 pkg mdse.
Santa Barbara— lo ch oil, 37 bxs lemons, 3 sks
chili pepers.
Port Harford-2iy 2 cs eggs, 27 bxs butter, 1 bx
m<lse, 5 cs cheese, 3 bdls hides, 19 bxs fish.
Cayucos— l pke mdse, 7 cs eggs, 25 bxs butter,
y-t bbl tallow, 1 bdl hides, 25 dressed calves.
Sun Simeon— B pkcs mdse, 34y 2 bxs 1 tub butter,
5 cs es;es, 2 sks abnlones, 14 dressed calves, 1 bdl
hides, 8 bxs fish, 2 sks quail.
POK'LANU AND ASTOKIA— Per Columbia—
5836 sks barley, 3159 sks potatoes, 1414 sks oats,
2262 sks 408 hf-sks 19H4 guiHii.'s flour. 28 i sks
middlings, 3270 sks bran. 1250 sks shorts, 444 bdls
paper, 33 pkgs candy, 2 cs patentmedicine.il
ptcgt books, 4 bxs plates, 15 cs sardines, 2 bxs
photo -oods, 14 cs burial cases, 1-2 pkus crackers.
H bales 1 cs blaukels, 2 bnles woolens, 65 sks dried
prunes. 28 bxs apples, 368 sks onions, 1000 sks
salt, 334 pkgs furniture, 4 hdls flax twine. 5 coops
fowl, 12 sks almonds, 114 cs eggs, 18 pkes metal,
1457 bdls hides. 200 sks wheat, 28 pkgs iron, 14
crts hams, 30 bbls lard. 5 hbls oil, 10 sks horserad
ish, 22 bdls trees. 4H2 sks fertilizer, 10 cs salmon,
56 sks oysters, 6200 ft lumber, 1 dx wagon
tongues, 1 bx hardware, 14 kegs nails.
Consignees.
Per St Paul— L Scatena A Co; H Dutard : Deere
Imp Co; Wetmore Bros: MeDouough A Runyon; J
H Cain A Co; Gould <fe Jaudin: S R Stevens ft Co;
DBiagi&Co; Wit-land Brewing Co; J I 1 Thomas;
Garcia AMagglm; Hooper A Jennings; .1 de Mar
tini A Co; L G Sregovich A Co: 0 E Whitney A Co;
Dairymen's Union; BissinKer<fe Co; A Pallies: Gen
eral Klectric Co: \V B Sunnier «fe Co; City Front
.Stftblfs; Gray i Barbieri: Wood. Curtis & Co; Cal
Product Co; D E Allison A Co; lnimel&Co; Chas
Jacol)8On A Co; J Ivancovich it Co; A Paladini; C
Niuman: American I'nion Fish Co: W F Mitchell;
(1 Camillioni & Co; Standard Otl Co; Hillsßros:
Podge. Sweeney it Co: Wlieaton, Breon A Co: V I)
Virgilio: Do Bernard! A Co; Sawyer Tanning Co:
Feillng, Creasy & Co; Brigham, Hoppe A Co: F Uri
A Co; H Kirchmann A Co; Norton, Teller A Co:
The Pacific Coast IIom« Supply Association;
Sinshelmerßros: Baker A Hamilton: J Hoffman;
Chas Montgomery A CO: Marshall, Tcggart A Co-
O B Smith A Co; Schweitzer A Co; I. D Stone A- Co:
Kowalsky A Co; Getsßroo&Co: Bay City f^oiia
Works: Chicago Brewery : Hammond A Brod ; II
Waidi.'ck; W B Sumuer A Co: Alfred Wyas; Labor
Excliange.
Per Santa Cruz— J C Lind: J I' Thomas: Hope
Bros; Wielan.l Brewing Co; Cal Tule Association ;
Standard Oil Co: Jones A Co; Tillmann A Bendel;
Buckingham. Hecht A Co: Sherry, Avilia A Co- S
Levy <k Co: WCt'riceACo; GeoU'McXear; Jas
H Russell: Miller, loss <fc Scott; B Blnm A Co.
Per Columbia— Murray A Steiuluigen; H Dutard;
John ¥ English; Otis. McAllister A Co: C F Morris
A Co; McDonoueh A Runyon; E R Stevens it Co
lialton Bros: Wolf A son; Chambers, Price A Co;
M Levy A Co; Jnnsen, Rose A Heney: X Everding
A Co.- Allen A Lewis: Schwabacher Bros; Mnlt
noniali Fruit Grangers Association: (> E Sheldon;
C J Leist A Co; F Hillens A Co; D E Allison A Co;
MPDetels; Moore, Ferguson A Co; Thomas Wat
son; Thomas Lounhran ; G V Morris: Anspacher
Bros; Bishop A Co; Willamette Pulp A Paper Co;
Portland Cracker Co; D.I Russell: Cal Casket Co;
Geo Morrow A Co; Musoun A Simmonds; C B
Jennings: Anier Press Assn; Murphy, Gram A Co.
Neustadter l;ros: A F Bryiint ; J iirbivnlng; Slein,
Simon A Co: Lungley A Michaels; A Levy ACo; D
Strauss; Bissinger A Co: W T Garrett A Co; JC
Ilappock; I'orter Bros A Co: M Friedman A Co; C
Jacobaon; Balfour, Gutbrle & Co: S Levy & Co; P
Madson; »orw»a.TeUerifc Co; The Wine Co; Cal
Fertillizer Co; Alaska Packers' Association: Lewis
Packing Co: Dairymen's Union; Standard Oil Co:
Getz.Bros«fc Co: > ortou Tanning Co; J <) llarron;
KinganftCo; Baker i Hamilton: White Bros: A
s Smith; J X Armsby & Co: Darbe-r &. li^uiel; fac
I Vinegar Works: Fogarty & Parker; Jobis Bros; D
\ Strauss.
j iy>i- Lot? Shipping TnUUtoenee See Firtmxth Pane.
P OFFICE-FURNITURE
AND IfIXTURES.
PHI C. AND FIXTURES.
|g|c. F. WEBER & CO.,
*^ 300 to 306 Post St.. cor. Stockton
ifhifiiilgß OFFICE and JD
jKg^n r -in|gl , TYPEWRITER. S3 j
|i»Bß*^| W. C KARIG, S» !
'"Waggtsj, 157 New Montgomery HZ. i
Two in One. • Street, S. F. JS
■»> m ■(■ an . ' A laxative refreshing fo>
T II Bra A X fruit lo^ n se.
I ■"SBIIMII very agrreeabli- to take.
■ « b«w. CONSTIPATION
hemorrhoids, bile,
I EB W% I |" RJ loss of appetite, gastric and
llm I \ r ■■ intestinal troubles and
I II II I *• II headache arising
from them.
Anil ■ All K. ORILLON,
BwlsSl 8 IN 33 Rue dcs Arohiveu, Parla
HjmULLUI* Sold by all Druggitu.
APCTION SAXES.
THOROIOHBRED RACEHORSES
fe £?\ fe
THE PROPERTY OF
x>. 0". ursTJNTOia:
OF THE ARIZONA STABLE
TO B£
SOLD AT AUCTION
..... ON-
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 8, 1896,
At 1 P. 31. at
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
KIIXIP & CO., Livestock Auctioneers,
30 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
TO=DAY
WE WILL SELL AT AUCTION
TURKISH RUGS
AND , CARPETS,
At salesroom, 16 Post st., at 2 p. m.
WILL E. FISHER & CO.,
• •• Auctioneers.
OCSAIT steamships:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAW
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
3T"ir»t Class S^IO.OO
Second Class OO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 New Montgomery Street.
QOOUALL, PEKKIXS& CO.,
General Agent*.
O. R- cfc TXT.
ASTORIA ANDPORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
■■ For resnrvatiuus call at 19 Mont- !
goinery street. _- -■- ....
Columbia sails..'. ............ January 9
State of Caliiornia sails January 14
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONNOR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEMSHIP COMPANI
STEAMER.S WILL SAIL FROM yteS_
Broadway wharf, Sau Francisco, as -gggßC
lollows:
For Mary Island, Lorln^, Wranßel, Junean. Kil-
Banoo and Bitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 15, 30, '
Feb. 14. •. -i '-.:.; . .
For Victoria and Vancouver . (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New I
•\Vhatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
; Jan. 6, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, and every fifth ,
rlay thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
i the C. V. P.. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R..
%t Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with !
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcataand Fields Landing (Sum-
! boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, I
1 18. 22, 26, 30, and every four.'li day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Jan. ,
4, 8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ban Diego, stopping only at Port Harford :
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los j
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11 i
a. v., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26. 30, and every j
fourth day thereafter. > ■. . • -;
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La J
Paz, Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Wlllam- !
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket o'ltice, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery i
■tieet. - .• - !
GOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., Geni Agents.
wi\ .V 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OCE.4MC STEAMSHIP GOMPAIf.
*jVW .siw Ifti_ Coolßardte gold fields I
j4&<- Sk (Freemantle), Austra- ;
Jg&r\2i HOt^^.'ilU. la; $220 first ■ class
JffiSfsy nU|\Jni ||W* $ 110 steerage. Lowest
Jrsi Jmff^EE^^^^^ rates to Capetown,.
wßmf T?'^! 1 ' Yfc& Australian steamer,
Wi( U^ffl^W^a Honolulu and Auck-
- Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, Tu-s-,
day, January 2], at 10
Ppkciai. Parties — Reduced special rates for :
parties Feb. <> and 1.>,'}830.
Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKt'LS Jt BROS., General Agents.
COMPAGMGEMR.UG mAISATLAUTKp j
French l.iue to Havre. '. ■'■". ~'r;
COMPANY'S PIKR(NEW),42 NORTH Mmft
\J River, foot of Mortoust. Travelers by iSs?" ;
this line r.void both transit by English rail* a y .TTTTt
the discomfort of crossing the channel In » small ;
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris
first-class 160: second class, $116.
LA BRKTAGNE, Capt. Rupe
...January li "
LAGASCOGNK, Capt. Baudelon '"
January 18, .
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. P0ir0t....... ...... "."■"
January 25, '"
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf .... ..;. '..'.'.""
■ February 1...
J(S" For further particulars apply to
„ _ „ A - Kolu'iKT, Ag"nt,
t f MioATi 0 * ?»»wllfW Green, New, y<^c
av J enue,lan G #ran C C o°" AgePt3 ' 5 Montgomery
ROYAL MAIL STEAMJACRET COMPASI.
STEAMERS LEAVE A9PIXWALL jzz+m
fortnlcrlitl> for the West Indies und -*£&Ea
Bouthampton. calling en route at C>rbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers
i ThroiiKh bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall s. s. Co., issued for freight aid treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: thirl
■iMa, »B7 6a For further particulars apply to
VARROTT & CO., Agents.
• - ■ ■ - 808 California st.
white™ LISE.
Onlted States and Royal Mail Steamers
N6W \°l£<*"**™™ n & Liverpool
bA!LI>G KVERY WEKK. Kroul '
rjABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD^ r. ■
General Agent ror Pacific Coasu
yallejo mmt mm.
STK. JIONIICKLLO,
©•Hr, cx pt g^day-io a. h- |k*
,;. -■•■.;.»: ;■;-;. Sitnday— B p. v. ■
_ l«adlnir. Hisglon 1. Pl«
RAILROAD TRAVEI^
' LOW RATES BY RAIL
....TO
PORTIiAND. OR.
THURSDAY... JANUARY 9,
And Every I<"ifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry lnnftlng, foot
oi Market St., at 8:00 P. m.
fK-i p ||— Including Berth in Pullmun Tourist
A/.hM Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In ©"I K.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper, • <iP- Lc ' — ■
C PECI : L T ICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa*
! sengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
flfS- Throogh I'iokets for l'uget Sound
Points on si«l» at 'U'rlue«-<l Itiites.
For further infoonatlon apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hot«l
Ticket Office), San Francisco. n , f . «
BICHARD GRAY, T. H. (iOODMA^,
_ Gen. Traffic Mgr. ■_ Gen. Pasa. Agt.
SOUTH KRJI rAiUFIC COMfABTT.
• (PACIFIC .SYSTEM.'* .
Trnln« leave :m«l sire €lit«> lo airlir »t
N.IK JFItAKC'ISCO. ..
LEAVE — Fr.OM ypVEMBEr. 29. ISOS. — AKRIV<
" ti-.:n>.\ Hayward i, Nile 3 ord Way Stations.. IO:I5^
T:OOa Atlantic Kipress, Og«lcu and F.nnt.. 8:4»F
7:0Oa Uenicii. VacaTillo. Ilumscy. Sacra- „
monto, and Codding Tia Davis.... «:lop
7:30 a Martine-;, San Bamon, >*aps, CalU-
- toga and Santa Roc.* 6:1.»#
8:;I0a Nilcs, Sail Jose, Stockton, Tone.
Sacramento, MarysTille, Kert Ulull
and Sundays excepted (Jro'ille. . . . * ■ • **
•8:30 a Peters and Milton »7:I3»
U:OOa San Leandro, Hayivarda & Way St'ns 11:43 a
9:0»a Los AJisele3 Kxprnas, Raymond,
(f.>r Yosemitc), SanU liarbara
and Los Anneles.T.'.; 4:43»
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton io.--j.ja
10:O»a San LcaDdro, Kdjw-r<ls and OTtoi . 1: Jsp
12:00 si Ban Leandro, Haywardu & Way Sfns 2:4 -^t
l:OOi- Niles, San Joso and Livermorc H:4»*.
•l:OOp Sacramento Biret Steanien M»:00r
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:»3F
3:ooi> San Leandro, Haywarclsfc Way Sfns 3:43P
4:00p San Leandro, Haywards & Wr.y .Sfns G:43»
4:OOi- Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verauo and
Santa Rosa •ilS*
4:«MJ* Eenioi:i. Esparto, Woodland, • -
*;: :.-. 1 Ktiicrhta Landing, ZHarysville,
OtOTille and Sacramento Ittt4s*
4:SOr Niles, Son Jose. Livermore and
• .Stockton 7:IS*
5:0»p Sau Leandro, Haywards Sf ns 8:45»
3:3o*> New Orleans rcsno.Bakers-
titlil. Santa Barbara, Augeles,
Deiniiif, El Paso, Xcvr Orleans and
East.... 10:434
3i3«p Santa Fo Route, Atlautio Express
for Mojavo and Last.... 10:434
8:OOp European Mail, Ogdcn and Kast 0:43*
6:o<»p Haywarda, Xilcsaml Sau Jose 7:43*
J7:oop Vallejo 1«:«3»
7:00p Oresoii Express, Sacramento, Marjs-
ville. ReildiiiK, Portlaud. l'nget
Souudaiid Kast 1«:45*
7:00p San Leandro, Haywards Way Sfns 1 0:3O*
O:OOp vSan Leandro, II aywardsi Way Stns ttl-S»«A
«sie:O3p "Sunset limited," Fresno. Los
Angeles. El Paso, New Orleans
andEa&t §15a45»
fflltlB: 3an Leandro. nay wards ft Way Sfn» 7;15a
SANTA <:lUIZ DIVISION (Narrow Gnngr).
8:13 a Newark, Centerville.Hiin.loae.Felton, ~~~"
Uoulder Creek, Santa Cruz aud Way
Stations 3i3»1
•a:l3p Nowark. Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Uoulder Crf-ek,'
Santa Crnz and Principal Way
Stations... "11:204
4sl3p Newark, Sau Joss and Los (Jatos — 9:3Oa>
■f11:45p Hunters' Excursion. Ban Jose and
■ Way Stations t7:Bo^
(.OAST DIVISION (Tliinl A. 'lowiispihl Slh.)
6:45 a Ban Joso ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only), ...... 1 :4 3f
8:13 a San Jose, Tres riuos, .Santa Cruz,
Paciiic Grove. Paso Rulilef. .Sau
Luis Ol>ispo, Guadalupo and Priu-
Cfpal Way Stations 7:O»»
1O:IOa San JO3O and Wuy Stations 3:00f
11:45 a Palo AHo nnd Way Stations 8:3« l
*9tSOrSan Jose, Gilroy. Tres Pinos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas.Monterey and Pacilic
Grove »IO:1Oa
I *»::iOp San Jose andPriucipal Way Stations !t:174
•4:30p San Joso an I Way Stations *S:O6a
3:30 p San .Toso and Way Stations # H:-18a
o::iU(>San.Tnsoan<l Way Stations «:S3a
j ll:15r San Johbwikl Wny Stations <7:45»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Fram FIUjCISCO— Foot or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. il:0Q *2:03 t3:08
•4:00 t5:00. *6::oi'.M.
From OAKLiSD— Foot of Broadwij.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. $12:00 *l:00 {2:00 *3:00 14:00
*5:00r.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays ezeepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
•H Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
UTue'days and Saturdays SSundays and Thursday
SMFRASCISCO IVORTB PJ.
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
WE ?n DAYS-7:40, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.- 12:3!%
3:80, 5:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays- trt»
and ll 3( so' M ' Saturd * ys - Kltra trI P» at l:st
BDNDAYti-8:60.'9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30, 3:3 *
5:00, 6:20 *>. M.
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAVS-6:25, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 aw.
12:45 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trip,
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. y
8UI 6m Y 6i2s B^M. 9:40> 11:1 ° A - U ' 1:40 3:4 *
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park sama
schedule us above.
San Francisco. Tn pffw. San Arrive "*
San Francisco. ©ct 28 Ban Fral »ci»co.
.^igS Box- ,w. -
-7:40 am 8:00 AM! Novato, 10:40 am 8:60 AIC
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma, 6:05 pm 1030 mi
6:10 pm 5:00 pm j Santa Kosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 pu
' Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 a«
Healdsburg,
■ Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:80 pm 6:15 pit
Pieta, ~"
7:40 am Uopland <fc
|8:00 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 rM
7:40 am | ~ '. 10-30 \i
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
S _l 3O JL M J i I 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 aml Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 616 pm
[_ I Glen Ellen.
7:40 am|8:00 am| SebastODOl 10:40 am 10:30 am
3:30pm15:00 pm| ° etlaBto P ol - , C:ospm| 0:15 PM
Stamps connect at Saa Rafael for Bolinas. *
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stapes connect at Pieta for Highland' Spring*
Kelseyville. Lakeport.
Stages connect at I'kiah for Vicliv Springs, Btu»
liakes, I.,aurt-i Dell, Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Green*
wood, BfendOOino City. Fort BraKK, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Joh»
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, bcoii«
ar.d Enreita.
Saturday to Monday ronnd-trip tickets at reducs*
rates.
On Sundays round-trip ticket* to ail points t>«»
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Ofticrs, 650 Market St., Chronicle balldln*
H. a WHITING, R. X. BY AN,
Oen. Manager. • Oen. Pass- Agent.
'"^^^> Atlantic
8 Atlantic
V^v^^^^^ RATLIi ° AD
i *^»»s«s& Trains leave from and arrlTC
at Market-Street Ferry.
SAN IX FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 3:30p - m.. carrying Pullman
Palace .Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicasa
114l l 4v ce a r n an 3 d^ y^uL OUtCbanise Anaex car llt
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-car^
under Harvey's management. Connecting traina
leave San Francisco at 9a. m. and « :30 p. m. daily
The best railway from California to the Easu
New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting seenerv
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dluin"-
cars.
Ticket Offlce-044 Market Street»
Chronicle .Building.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 189 X
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Vnlley and San Rafael— 7:3o, 915, 11: M
A. m.: 1:45. 3:45. 6:15, ti:SO p M.
San Quentin-7:HO, 9:15 a. M-; 1:46, 6:16 r. M,
Kxtra trips tor .-jan Hat-<el on Mondays, Wedne»
days aiid s»turdity* at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.- ." -i..-:
For Mill Valley, San Rafael aud San Qnentln-«
8:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.-. 1:30. 3:00, 4:80, »6:H
r. v. ■ *lK>es not run to San Qnentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:30 a. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way station*
1:45 p. M. Saturdays— Toiiittlea and way stations.
•:00 a. m. Sunday*— Point Reyes ana wtvrtilnnf
STOCKTO.V STEAMERS
j»3- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone!
SXJiAMEB :•
T. C. Walker. j. d. p t«r«
Mary Garratt, Clty of Stockton*
TeiwhjoM AUla BDfi, Cau^i*?, ftad iauit. ca.Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
CAMPBELL AS A MAGNET
The Politician Is Said to Have
Pulled Down Engineer
Wilson.
ANXIOUS TO BE FIRE CHIEF.
A City Hall Deal That Has Probably
Been Declared Off by Pub
licity.
Oaki \xn Omci Pan Fftijrcraco Catx,»
■ Broadway, Jan. »>. f
Politicians were treated to a surprise to
day when it became known that Fred A.
Campbell had magnetized City Engineer
Wilson, who is also a member of the Fire
Commission. To-morrow pfternoon, unless
the programme be changed, Fred A.
Campbell, ex-Chairman of the City Central
Republican Committee, will be elected
( hief of the Fire Department by Coinmis
- Wilson and Pcirsol.
The regular meeting of the Board of
Fire Commissioners will be held to-mor
row afternoon, and every effort is being
made to break the slate that is already
prepared. Several months ago Campbell
v\ts making strenuous efforts to succeed
Chief Lawton, but at that time a quarrel
with Mayor Davie and a miaonderstanding
with the two otner Commissioners pre
vented the change. For some time it lias
been known that City Attorney Feirsol
has not been adverse to Campbell, but it
is a surprise to everybody that Wilson
. bould nave been won over. The only ex
ition offered is that Fred Campbell
luis succeeded in magnetizing the City
Engineer. About two years ago Fred
Campbell made a first-class record as a
magnetic doctor, and only returned to
politics when it was already demonstrated
to him that he was (riving out the force
that was absolutely necessary to sustain
himself. Now itia surmised that his
force has returned and that he has exer
cis< d ir on Wilson.
Mayor Davie, according to tne pro
gramme v.. nominated Campbell,
out he declined to do this but indicated
that lie would vote with the other two. It
was formerly arranged that Fred Murdock,
who is now Assistant Chief, should be pro
:. but this wa< not acceptable be
cause it was thought that Mur.lock might
mewhat sympathetic with the old
mi as the "ring." Now the fear
of contamination from tne "ring"' seems
to have died out, as Campbell has been a
leading politician for many years. This is
the more surpri>ing as Wilson stated a
Sew months asu thai he would never vote
for Campbell.
There is nothing against the present
Chief, Lawton, but It has long been a rec
ognized . ihat the Board of Works
must change the heads of departments
every two or three years, and »n conform
ity with this custom a change would have
made several months ago, but lack of
harmony alone prevented it.
This change is the medium by which
the departments are kept in po'.tics,
although every ■ liort is made to make it I
appear otherwise. The new Chief, in
either the Police or Fire Department, can j
always Le depended upon to make sucu !
showing as will secure the dismissal, ap
pointment or reinstatement of the
j oliticaJ friends of the administration, j
Should Campbell be appointed to the Fir.*
Department there is no doubt that the!
effects of politics would be feit at once.
Every effort possible has been brought ]
to bear on Wilson to induce him to throw !
down Campbell, and the friends of the
would-be chief are equally persistent that
lie keen his word. It is considered that \
the premature unfolding of the scheme
will prevent its consummation.
MAMEL MULCTED.
Hurfjlars Ransack and Kob the House
of the President of the Council.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 6.— Councilman
W. G. Manuel's residence, 1423 Chestnut
street, was entered and burglarized Satur
day night. The marauders came away
with a lar.e amount of booty and left tiie
doors of the dwelling all wide open, in
which condition they were found Sunday
morning by Mr. Manuel when he arose.
How the robbers entered or when is not
known. It is believed that they entered
by tiie front door and then opened the
other doors so as to be sure of an easy exit
in case of an alarm.
Scattered about the various rooms were
bits of burnt matches, which left a clew as
to how the thieve? had lighted themselves
upon their midnieht prowl. As they
entered one room after another they
scratched iuatcnos. Tnese were found
even bes.de the bed in which the Council
man was sleeping. When leaving the
room, however, they had dosed' the door
so as to deaden the sound of their subse
quent oi erations in the house.
"The booty secured consisted of $140 in gold
and Mr. Manuel's $125 gold watch, which
was ali in the pockets oi bis clothes in his
eleeping-room. The money was taken
home from the store Saturday night, as it
was received after banking hours, and Mr.
Manuel considered it would bo safer at
home than in the store safe. Mr«. Man
uel's purse, containing money, a diamond
pin and other jewelry, were in the same
room, in plain view, but were not taken
perhaps because the thieves were fright
en'd away.
The family silverware had been over
hauled, but little if anything was taken.
A piece of Venetian-ware was carried out
into the hallway from the parlor, but
abandoned. Mr. Manuel's new hat was on
the front porch; the thieves had evidently
changed their minds about carrying it
away. Mr. Manuel's trousers had been
carried down to the front door to be rum
maged at leisure.
"I>o«-kf»ry" Plrrce Starts Out.
OAKLAND, Cat.., Jan. 6.— Health In
spector Pierce started at :; o'clock this
morning to inspect the milk brought Into
the city. He took his stand at East Four
teentb ?ireet and Twenty-third avenue.
About sixteen' wagons were examined, but
evident that some more expeditious
method oi testing must be devised unless a
big hardship is to be worked on the deal
ers. At least twelve minutes is required
for each ;est, and before the wagi ns were
examined this morning the Babcnek tester
broke and the wagons had to drive four
to the Health Office to be tested.
Only one can of weak n,ilk was found.
A Nobleman's Kelative in Trouble.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. C— J. Moonev,
the brother-in-law of Lord Sholto Doug
las, was arrested this morning, and in de
fault of limp bat] is locked up in the City
JaU.cbarged with an a-sault with a deadly
weapon on a man named Kearney. The
assault resulted from a drunken melee
which occurred at Murphy 'a saloon on
Nineteenth street and San Pablo avenue
New Years eve.
No Receiver Yet.
OAKLAND, Cal. Jan. 6. -The matter of
appointing a receiver for the Siandard
boap company was continue I two week.-s
to-day owing to the action of T. K. State
ler in securing a restraining order in ;ha
United States Circuit Court against Joh-i
Chetwood Jr., assignee of the creditors of
fcoap King f horn is.
Killed by the Cars.
W. H. Gardner, foreman of a switch
engine, was killed in the West Oakland
yards to-n:ght. He caught his fool in a
fro» ana was crushed between two cars.
He leaves a widow, but no children.
Gardner was for many years associated
with Ned Foster in running the Be-.la
Union Theater in San Francisco. He was
about 45 years old.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,/
908 Broadway, Jan. G. \
William Powers has started t" go wrong early
in life. Heia but 15 years oid and is at the
City Prison on c. charge of burglary.
An old German laborer was found dead in
bed at the Elaywards Hotel this morning. The
Coroner was notified and went out to hold an
investigation.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company baa
given notice of Intention to move lor a new
trial oi the suit brought by E. P. Jansen, in
which it was mulcted $10,000 for personal in
juries.
The public school* all opened this morning
with Full attendance, after two weeks' vaca
tion. There was $400 75 tuition received, all
of which, except $16, war, taken in at the.
high school.
Prank a. Reed ami W. A. Jackson, two
bunko sharpers n ho bw Indled a young Herman
nut oi .<7f> on a bogns employment scheme,
were sent to the County Jail for six months by
Judge Prick this morning.
J. A. Wagner neglected to appear in the Po
lice Court to-day according tv agreement to
pay over the money lor cue support of his
minor children and Judge Wood ordered an
attachment issued for him.
Burglars effected an entrance into the New
land House barroom, corner of Seventh and
Washington streets, at an early hour tins
morning and obtained $12 oat of the till. The
intruders climbed through the transom over
the door.
John McComb Jr., who was committed to the
Agnetra asylum December IS, was released
\ , -;. rday. His recuperation was rapid as soon
as lie wa> put under treatment and compelled
to rest. His mental malady is said to be due to
over study.
Christy Ladwig, a youthful appearing appli
cant for a marriage license, called at the
County Clerk's office tins morning with Mrs.
Minnie C. Matthews and .secured a license to
ved Florence ti. Matthews, the lo'-year-o'.d
daughter of the lady.
To-morrow evening Council No. 17, A. P. A.,
nnd Council No. 23, W. A- P. A., will hold a
public installation of their new ori. rials ai Ma
sonic Hull. A very unique feature of me even*
in?'s entertainment will be a wedding, with
music and recitations.
The Supreme Court to-day denied the
petition of the Piedmont electric road
for a rehearing in the suit of H. A. Red
fteld against the company, which was decided
In his favor some days ago, on appeal from the
$14,000 judgment he secured.
A. Munzenmayer, who shot Perkins at Lorin
Christmas eve, is evidently in hiding- not iar
away, though the officers have not been able to
locnte him. To-day tour deeds signed by him,
and conveying property near Lorin to' Cath
erine Farnsrigh, were put on record.
There was a collision at Fruitvale about 1 :30
o'clock this morning between the Alameda
train and the engine of the last Seventh-street
local train going east. There was 110 one hurt
in the accident, and the only damage, was the
derailing of the Alameda engine, with a hole
knocked in its water tank.
HELP FOR ARMENIA.
An Appeal for Relief Sent to Congress
by the Presbyterians of
Brooklyn.
Oakland Office Sax Fbakcisoo Call,)
90S Broadway, Jan. (i. 1"
At last evening's services at ihe Brook
lyn Presbyterian Church, the following
was adopted and was forwarded to the
California representatives in Congress to
day:
The people of Brooklyn Presbyterian Church,
assembled in the house of God for worship,
deeply moved by the unchecked atrocities
which are desolating Armenia, pray that Con
press may take some action which will bring to
a speedy end the murders that have son; 11
thrill of horror throughout Christendom. We
are encouraged that such action will be taken
Kecause of the explicit declarations of the
President of the United States in his message
toC'ongre.-s that the administration bad need
all means in its power to protect, life in
Armenia.
In the language of Dr. Behrends we ask for
no officious interference in European politics.
We appreciate the gravity of the situation and
the self-restraint to which our relations bind
as. We do R«k that the flag of the Republic
shall be respected by the Sultan, and that
under it every American citizen shall be sate
in his lawful work. We also ask that the Na
tional Government, by the use of all legitimate
means, continue to protest, In the name of
humanity, against the criminal indifference
and inaction of the Ottoman court, and en
courage, by Its expressed moral sympathy,
Mic h action by the European powers as will
speedily and permanently terminate what is
aptly described in the lnessnge of the Presi
dent as "fanatical brutality."
We are lovers of peace, but we love humanity
more. The anguish of the Innocent and help
less pierces our very hearts, and wo cannot
pass over in silence the nameless atrocities
which threaten an ancient and bravere.ee with
extinction. We pray most fervently that the
sword may not be unsheathed in a continental
war, but we (-11111101 be silent when pillage and
carnage are defiant, and the "land of the free,"
which is also the "home of the brave," wanting
neither in unysical nor moral courage, must
proclaim the gospel of humanity in the ears of
all the world.
We beg that ships bearing the American
flag and freighted with provisions may do
placed at the disposal of persona duly author
ized to bear the same to suffering Armenia.
AN ANTI-DAVIE NIGHT.-
The Council Takes Up Police Depart
ment ami Street Katterft,
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. G.— The Council
held an anti-Davie night this evening.
Chief of Police Lloyd sent a communica
tion saying that his prisoners were
suffering from the cold weather and
could not tret out of their beds in
the daytime because of their not
having clothes. The Chief said that
he had. received notice three weeks ago
that resolutions granting supplies had
been passed by the Board of Works, and
that the Mayor had neglected to sign
them. In consequence the department
was in a dilemma and was seriously im
paired in its work. Chief Lloyd said that
he had tried to induce the Mayor to do hi 3
duty, but that official had been spending
iiis time in criticizing; the Poiice Depart
ment in the newspapers and had neglected
to attend to his duties.
"Instead of signing the requisitions,"
said Chief Lloyd, "the Mayor sends his
n>an Kaufman around to see if he consid
ered such things necessary after I, asJChief
of the department, had decided that they
were." Chief Lloyd asked that the Coun
cil pass a resolution authorizing him to
obtain the supplies independent of the
Mayor. The resolution parsed and its
passage marked a new method of working
independent of the Mayor's office. This
is the first time any requisition has been
thtts ordered.
Another lively argument was had over
the lack of funds to pay the street laborers.
The Council refused to transfer any money
from the general fund to the street fund,
and several speeches were rrade de
nouncing the dollar-tax limitas being alto
gether too email to run the city govern
ment. As matters stand at present the
laborers cannot be paid, and they have no
alternative but U> rile their warrants and
wait until May for their money.
Councilman Brosnaban created a small
sensation by introducing; a resolution call
ing attention to the rivalry between the
two water companies and asking that the
city take advantage of it. He said that
private owners were getting water at big
cuts below the rates fixed by the Council
and that thousands of dollars could be
.saved by the city seeking a like reduction.
A resolution was passed authorizing the
calling of bids to 3upply all the municipal
bnilainps and schools. Tins is another
new departure inaugurated to-night.
The Privy Council of Groat Britain,
though formerly possess-d of gnat power,
is chiefly employed at present in delibera
tions on affairs of sudden emergency, on
peace and war, and special provinces of
the royal prerogative. The members are
chosen by the sovereign, and on changes
of administration are seldom erased,
though those in oppos tion never attend.
The length of railway lines in working
order in Russia is 21,946 miles, of which
48M) miles are double tracked.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1896.
CHAMPION DUCK-HUNTER
Frank Hoefling of Haywards
Says He Killed Two Thou
sand Birds.
HIS FIGURES QUESTIONED
The President of the Ma'lard Club
Hints at Fish and Cat
Stories.
Oakland Office Sak Fbakcisco Cam.,)
908 Broadway, Jan. (j. \
Frank J. HoeHing of Haywards believes
he is the champion duck-shooter of. Ala
-111 ed a County. He is anxious to prove his
claim and declares that no member of the
Mallard Club can show a record such as
bis. Since the season opened Mr. Hoefllng
has shot 1865 ducks on the Alvardo and
Mount Eden marshes. During the first
two weeks of the season he killed KM)
birds in two shoots during the past two
weeks.
For many years Frank Hoefling has been
FRANK J. IIOEFLING OF HAYWARHS, WHO CLAIMS THE CHAMPIONSHIP
IN DICK .SHOOTING AMONG THE SHOTS OF ALAMEDA COUNTY.
[From a photograph.]
the pride among the hunters of the upper
end of the county. One cause of this i 3
his open-handed generosity. He lives
with his father, a retired San Francisco
jeweler, and gives mvay all the birds he
does not want for his own use. Every bod y
in the valley is indebted to Frank for
game and if it is proved that his record for
the season is the highest a championship
medal will be provided. As Alameda
County boasts of hundreds of first-class
hunters Mr. Hoefling will undoubtedly
lind many to contest tne championship.
Last Sunday H. Peterman of Mount
Eden and Frank HoeflinE shot over the
Mount Eden marshes and brought home
■2:2.7 birds.
"There are places in the marshes," said
Frank to-day, "where there are fresh-water
springs that are known to very few, and it
is on these spots that the birds are found
in great numbers. The clubs that main
tain expensive Bbooting preserves in Rui
sun Bay and around Mare Island are only
wasting tneir money. There is better
shooting to be had on the marshes In Ala
meda County than in any otiier part of the
State. lam anxious to know if I hold the
re-ord. Much interest has been shown in
the number of birds taken by various local
sportsmen, but I have the figures and
places to show just where I made my kill
ings, and I think they will be hard to
beat."
Robert Boyer, president of the Mallard
Club, says that Mr. Hoefling's estimate is
rather high. "Duck-shooting is something
like fishing," said Mr. Boyer. "Of course,
we all know Frank is a great hunter, but I
guess he'll hear from a good many of his
friends over his claim of '2000 for this sea
son up to date. That is a big heap of birds,
and I can't help thinking of the old story
of the cats in the backyard."
EL NIDO CLUB IS ASSAILED
A Sermon by Rev. Mr. Bovard
Which Had a Local Ap
plication.
He Referred to a Club Ladies' Night
in Terms Which Will Be
Resented.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 6.— Rev. F. D.
Bovard has stirred Alameda up to an un
usual extent by a prelude to his sermon
Sunday night on "Mantraps." The man
trap which he spoke of was the fashion
able club, which he continually referred
to in the plural, as though Alameda had a
multitude of them. As a matter of fact,
Alameda has but one club, and it is per
fectly well understood that his denuncia
tions were all leveled at that institution.
Alameda's single club is called Xl Nido
and has been in existence for two years.
It has rooms in Masonic Block. There is
a sideooard where refreshments are served
to members. There is also a billiard-table
and several whist layouts. Whist is the
chief diversion of the members, who num
ber some of the best residents of Alameda.
On Saturday, December 28, the club gave
what -is called a "ladies' Digue," .-it which
a programme was rendered and merry
making was indulged in. Many ladies
wives and friends of the members — were
present, and everything was decorous. It
was tnis gathering that started the Rev.
Mr. Bovard on his crusade. On New
Year's day, while the s'eward was tempo
rarily absent from the clubroom, the Rev.
Mr. Bovard walked in and was found sur
veyine the premises when the steward re
turned. From that visit he was able to
describe the "oaken furniture" with which
private clubs are famish eQ and generally
to draw a picture of the interior of these
resorts.
There is no olher club in Alameda. The
club idea has never thrived hf re, several
institutions of the kind baying died, con
sequently toe shifts of denunciaton are
understood to be leveled at the one thai is
now struggling against an uncongenial
atmosphere.
Rev. Mr. Bovard refers to his mantraps
as "gilded dens of infamy, dominated by
jockeys and dandies"; as "just the kind of
moral miasma in which frogs, lizanls and
snakes thrive"; of gambling on the part of
members a:id spending the watrer in
"steeping themselves in wine and the low
aniroality of their npture," and of their
"stag ering to t! eir homes under a weight
of ignominy and b ame."
Tins pointed allusion to the ladies' Bight
is made: "Let, every mnther, sister and
wile who enters these profane temples of
wine and sin know that they are saloons
in disguise. They may ma-k behind pro
grammes of poetrVj they may offer their
gloved hands to decent members of BO
eiety, bat they are white with the leprosy
of gambling."
The reverend gontleman draws an awful
picture of the moral depravity of the Ala
meda clubs, which the members of the
only club there do not think is at all
warranted. Their rules are strict as to
gamblintr; it is absolutely prohibited.
There is never any abuse of the bar privi
lege. There is never any Carousing or im
proper behavior. t>o far from the cla<s of
row lies that he depicts us holding revel
there the most reputable men in town
belong, though not all of them are regular
visitors. The club will probably tuke
action at an early date.
There is one class of people that fully in
dorse the Rev. Mr. Bovard's assault on the
clubs, and thai is the saloon men. They
think the El Njdo has taken some of their
CUttOtn. They say his remarks are just
the thing and heartily applaud them.
Two Men \\ ho Fell.
AXA.MEDA, Cal., Jan. 6. —J. A.
Mitchell, a carpenter, fell some forty feet
from a scaffolding last Saturday and sus
tained painful injuries. A "physician
was called in and alleviated the injured
man's pain. Mitcnell, not a great while
ago, had a fall that produced very nearly
similar result-.
Stewart McKenzie, the carpenter who
fell from a scaffolding out at the Oakland
racetrack, is still so ttiat it is not deemed
best to remove him to iris home on Clinton
avenue. He is not believed to be any
longer in danger, however.
THE "RED RECORD" IS TRUE
Investigation of Reported Atroci
ties on Board American
Merchant Ships.
The Institute of Applied Christianity
Issues a Circular Letter to Phil-
anthropic Bodies.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 0. )
The Institute of Applied Christianity
! met at Asbury Methodist Church to-night
i to near the report of the committee ap
] pointed to inquire into the "'Rod Record.'
The Record is a number of the Coast Sea
men's Union paper published in San
I Francisco. The committee submitted the
I following report:
Your committee to which was referred the
"Red Record" would recommend Unit the fol
lowing circular letters be sent to the elery and
I Christian organizations throughout the
! country, and thin tho secretary he instructed
to communicate with our Senators, and Repre
sentatives in Congress, and the Committee on
■ Merchant Marine with regard to measures of
relief.
f/'<ir Brothera and Stttera fn CJ\r(st— Grkktixo:
The attention of this association having been
called to tbe cruelties to seamen alleged to be. pos
sible of perpetration on American ships in a sup
plement of the Coast Heamen'a Journal, appropri
ately termed the Ked Record, ft copy whereof is
herewith transmitted for your consideration, the
firs', question was: Can it be true that these hor
rors ure possible, on ships th.it- tty the American
flu?? Our committee of Investigation report that
the chnrges in the Ked Kerord ar,- true, and sup
l>or;ert by facts, in« more revolting features being
suppressed out of regard to decency.
We thereupon deem it our duty as n Christian
organization to ask all similar organizations iv
Christ's nunie to aid in abolishing the infamies.
To <lo this n healthy public sentiment must be
aroused against a condition w ereln itio infliction
of Hies.- cruellies are possible. - Incredible as it
may stem American sailors have practically no
rrdress for these ciirnues at present. It also
se»nis thai tills is the only nation called civilized
In the world where his state o; things exists. We
feel ii a sore rlisgrace and deep humiliation tiiat on
the ships ol this Christian country barbarities are
permitted which rei:dtr the brn al liussian knout
mild and humane by comparison.
We therefore, dear sisters anil brothers, beseech
.your energetic and united aid, Join us in a unit<d
appeal to tie Congressman and Senators from your
respective districs and Sta;es that adequare 'laws
be enacted rendering the longer continuance of
these atr. ci les beneath the stars and strtiVt-s, Im
possible. We a.sk your | raverf consideration of
this request thai Uo.l, in his wisdom, may b.<ss,
susiuln and guide you, for tvithoct divine aid mid
guidance experience has proven a.l lunnnn efforts
to be vain au. i truiiless. It would give us great
p i asure it yon would kindly let, us know 01 your
ac lon in the premises. • . ■■•■.•
Wi h best wish s for a nappy New Year, and that
(iol may bount iv ly bless you and hold you iv
safe-keeping through Übrisi's love, we are yours
most fraternally,
A. Bketz,
us. I;MMA K'ei.i.ey,
It. MoB. rII.'NTEII, '
llkv. ].. .1. KKLUifio Lank, M. D.,
a. a. I)enison% Chairman.
fJteverend Sin We have taKen the liberty of
ndd]».'3-> a communication to tho brothers and
si.-ters under your pastorace. We hopi; that It will
receive your careful consideration. Should you
deem it be* . it niUlit be turned over to such sub
association O! your church as ou con rider atlvlse
able. Incas there be n"> such sub-or^an:z:ition,
would you kindly rend i. direc ly to your c-nigre
gation, asklm; those whom the spirit may move to
n eet witn yon at a s at< d time lor Us full consid
eration. Wnea this step be taken and ih« matter
presents Itself to . the meeting as it has to us,
namely, that it is of such ravlty us to call for a.
united effort of all C ristlans, could rhe meeting
do better than to authorize you as their spiritual
head to send he appeals reques:ed? .
i IKb may cr.use you trouble and labor, but con
sider the disgrace we aru unjustly suffering in
having our merchant marine designate*] at. home
and abroad as '".American hell ships." We I'eel
that you will agree With Us that this 'Is ' wroug
and unjust, and, therefore, should be stopped as
speedily as possible. "■•
To this end we beseech your aid upon the lines
suwsied.' shou d you desire to become better
acquainted with as us soonr aims and tbe purpose
tve enter. aln a-i an awooiatlon, we win, with the
gr* a <-s pleasure, send our lieclara of prin
ciples, cons i.ution an . by-laws to you whenever
reques;ea.
'l'rus i that t' c Spirit will move you to give us
your aid in this prreat un ertakin& we remain,
reverend sir, yours most sincerely, fi r the estab
lishmentol Christ's lii' gdom oa earth, tue Oak
land Institute of Applied Christianity.
The state churc'i in Holland had at the
beginning of t ho present year 343 vacancies
out of :i total of IGOO pulpits, and only six
candidates.
BROUGHT DOWN HIS MAN
Police Officer Andrews Seriously
Wounded a Suspected
Robber.
FIRED WILDLY IN THE STREET.
One Bullet Went Into a Store and
the Other Nearly Killed
the Suspect.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
•JOB Broadway, Jan. U. )
Officer Andrews shot and seriously
wounded Tom Lamb, an ex-convict, about
11:30 to-day. The officer was on -duty at
Thirteenth avenue, East Oakland, and
when he reported at 11 o'clock by tele
phone to the police station he was tola to
apprehend Lamb, a« it was susprcted that
he ad been implicated in a hoi.!-up east
of the lake daring the night. He went out
to the railroad track at Sixteenth avenue,
where the man has spent considerable of
his time recently. He met Lamb at that
point, took him into custody and told him
that he was wanted on suspicion of a
felony.
Lanb went with the officer to the
Brooklyn engine-house and showed no
signs 01 making any break. Andrews left
him seated while he went to the telephone
to call up the patrol wagon. Just as the
officer commenced to talk to th.j City Hall,
Lamb bolted out of the door and" down
East Fourteenth street toward Thirteenth
avenue. The officer had never taken his
eye off the prisoner, and as he left the
door was after him. Andrews called to
Lamb to stop or he would shoot, but this
only caused Lamb to hasten his gait to
reach the corner so as to get beyond the
reach of bullets.
Lamb was just on the point of turning
the corner into Thirteenth avenue when
Officer Andrews urew his unn and fired a
shot. It struck the cement walk and
glancing up went aero a the avenue
through l>ubernet's show-window and nar
rowly missed a young girl at a bargain
counter.
Lamb having reached the corner in safety
now dashed down the avenue in an at
tempt to reach some shelter before the offi
cer rhould be able to gtt another shot at
him. As he tore down the street he saw an
alleyway about midway between East Four
teenth and East Twelfth streets and turned
into it Here he struck a fence which
barred his progress, but as Andrews was in
hot pursuit he made a break to go over it.
Officer Andrews called to him to stop or
he would shoot him in the leg. Lamb evi
dently believed that the fir>t shot was a
sample of what the otiicer could do in
shooting, and in reply to his command
shouted back a curse at him. Andrews is
the crack shot of the Oakland force and it
only took him an instant to lire, just as
Lamb was drawing himself up on the
fence. The bullet took him in the rleshy
part of the thigh, a short distance below
the hip.
Lamb called out to the officer that he.
would stop, and when Andrews reached
him he surrendered and limped back to
the engine-house, with the assistance of
the officer, where Dr. Sill, who was near
by, made a hurried examination of the in
jury. It was found that the wound was
not bleeding much, although Lamb com
plained of pains in tne region of the stom
ach, causing a fear that" the bullet may
have penetrated the intestines. The doctor
gave Lamb an injection of morphine, as
he had been addicted to the use of the
drug.
Meanwhile Officer Andrews had called
up the patroJ and, with Officer Rand, re
moved the wounded man to the Receiving
Hospital. Dr. Hamlin set to work to lo
cate the ball. He probed for some time,
but was unable to find it.
It was finally decided to allow the in
jured man to rest for a while, as he was
suffering considerably from the wound.
The ball may be located and removed to
morrow.
Lamb remained conscious and was able
to talk, but had little to say about the
affair. He admitted that he bad "made a
run for it" from the officer, but claimed
that he did not hear the call to stop.
Lamb and three other fellows held up a
couple out on Oak street, near Lake Mer
ritt, in 1889. The victims had lately come
from Los Angeles, and while out in
the shadows of the trees the man
was relieved of a watch and some
money. AH three of the men
were caught, tried, convicted and sent to
San Quentin for ten years. ; Lamb was re
leased about a year ago on account of
credits. Since then he has been arrested
on a number of petit offenses. He is 27
years old, and his mother resides at 760
East Fourteenth street.
It is the opinion of some people who
saw the shootiiisr that the officer shot very
wildly. The first shot went crashing
through a shop window, through two
glass oases, nnd finally landed near a
young lady's head. When tho second shot
was fired, it is stud, the man was in a cul
de-sac, and could easily have been cap
tured.
A MISTERY DISPELLED.
Oakland Gas, Light and Heating
Company Bought That
Stock.
Total Reorganization of the Board.
Fred Fouzo's Horse and Buggy
in a Forced Sale.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Jan. 6.— The cloud
of mystery which lias been ban ing
over the Berkeley Electric Lighting Com
pany .or the past ten days was dispelled
to-night, when it was announced that the
Oakland Ga-, Light and Heating Com
pany was the institution which had re
rently been buying up all the available
stock of the local corporation.
Ti elast s;raw which would give the new
institution tne controlling interest in the
concern was added last Saturday, when
it purchased XSOO shares from W. E.
Sell. This gives tlie Oakland company
nearly (iOUO of the 10,000 shares of the cor
poration.
A lotal reorganization of the concern
took place to night. Tho old board of
directors, with the exception of Anson 8.
Blake, resigned. The new board elected
was as follows: President, Joiin A. Brit
ton.secretary of the Oakland Gas, Light and
Heat Company ; J. W. Colenian, president
oi the £&me company; Joseph J. Mason,
A. F. Eastland and Anson S. JJl;ike.
When asked as to tiic policy which would
govern , the movements of the new. com
pany President Britton s;iid: .""
"We cannot say in detail at tlie present
time just w at ahal! be. done, but tt shull
be our object to push the business of the
company for all it is 'worth. ' The same
policy which has actuated the other, com
pany will govern us." IS
, Fouio's Horse and Kugjy Sold.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 6.— A horse and
bugcy belonging to Fred Fouzo, the ex
keeper of the Center-street restaurant and
•'speak-easy," was sold this morning by
the Town Mur-hal Cor $55 to satisfy;, two
; claims amounting to $2t3 86 held against
the resiaurantenr. Of the $,V> Fouza will
$2, tin; remainder having b en turned
over o the two claimants, a grocer arK | a
coal-deal'-i", and to the court, for costs.
Th? story of Fonzo and bis bu^sy is one
of Qioeh length end complexity. Various
means were resor ed to by the deling i nt
to avoid having his nprseand vehicle sold
at auction, but Marshal Lloyd and Col
lector Bone were too quick for him. Ir is
unuersiood that he will protest the legiti
macy of the .Marshal's action.
RaWSOtt'g 1: .|iii.iil Srilury.
BERKELKY, Cal.. Jan. 6.— The salary
of Deputy Marshal llawson will be paid
this month by a new kind of warrant on
the Town Treasurer, as a reralt of George
Schmidt's injuncrion restraining the
Treasurer from paying any money to Raw
son. The December warrants fur* both of
the Deputy Marshals were made payable
to Marshal Lloyn — in the one va.s» "'for S.
M. Rawsun," and in the other "for C. T.
Kearns.'" It is noticeable that this method
of p»ying the deputies is in accordance
with the charter, and all warrants here
after for Depety .Marshals will.be made in
such form, it is understood that Schmidt
will retnrn to the attack ami secure an in
junction co.vering the new condition of
uiTairs to prevent if possible Mr. Rawson
from continuing in oilice.
The New I'ostmmter.
BERKELEY, Cal,. Jan. 6.— The report
is current thai ex-Congressman English
will favor Dan Landrepran for irostmaster
of Berkeley. In the ordinary course of
events it is understood that Mr. English
will be able to con.rol the appointment,
hence the several other candidates, of
which there are at present six, are disposed
to combine sgamst Landregan. Up to this
rtme Deputy Marshal Kerns lias been
looked upon as the choice of Mr. English,
but Landregan has como to the frontal the
dark liorse. Laadregan conductb a liijuor
business in Oakland, lie resides at Golden
Gate and owns property in West Berkeley.
A petition signed by a lar^e number of
citizens has been in circulation, asking
President Cleveland for the reappoint
ment of John McCarthy, the present Post
master.
Associated Charities Meeting.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 6. -The di
rectors of the Associated Charities of
Berkeley will meet to- morrow evening at the
residence cf Mrs. P. K. Shattuck, instead
oi at the Free Public Library, as has been
their custom. This change in the place of
meeting is due to a conflict with the meet
ing of the Library Board.
I'ubiic Schools Keopened.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jiui. 6.— The public
schools of Berkeley reopened to-day with
an increase of sixty pupils over those en
rolled at the close of last term. The in
creased number was distributed as follows:
East Berkeley, 37; West Berkeley, 12;
Lorin, 11.
News Notes of Interest.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 6.— Professor F.
V.Paget.head of t he department of romance
languages at the university, gave a dinner j
to a number of his San Francisco friends i
yesterday, among whom was Regent J. B.
Retnstein.
A meeting of the Ralston Health Club
has been called for to-morrow evening at |
the parlors of the Woman's Exchange.
President Kellogg and Professor E. E. j
Brown lelt for Sacramento this morning, j
to attend the three days' session of the '
State Bourd of Education.
Mrs. Lida Romick, an evangelist, ana
Mrs. Osmond, a noted singer, wili arrive
in Berkeley next Friday, and with Rev. J.
>'. Douglas, will continue the revival cer
vices, which will be opened on Thursday
evening at McDonald Hall, Ashley avenue.
The Christian Endeayoi Society of Lorin
has elected the following officers, to serve
for the next six months: President, L. 8.
Rodgers; vice-president, Miss R.Norton;
secretary, H. Irwin; corresponding secre
tary, C. Brock; treasurer, A. Wright.
Only three deaths were reported in
Berkeley, with a population of 10,000, dur
ing the month of December.
A EEVIVAL OF FALCONRY.
Its Cruelty Defended as Being: Less
Than That Inflicted by Shooting.
Considering the eport obtained during
the past autumn, it is surprising that
falconry is not a much more popular pas
time. To some extent, no doubt, expense
is in the way, but this need not neces
sarily be so very large as is often repre
sented. We know of some schoolboys
who have had very great fun with
birds of their own procuring, and
whose pocket-money is rigidly limited.
One has a merlin, which has been
the death of many larks; another has a
sparrow hawK, which has proved the bane
of blackbirds; a third has procured the
inoht beautiful flights of all with a kestrel
that se»-nis to have quite overcome its
native affection for mice, and has taken to
living at all sorts of medium-sized fowl.
No > doubt the modern humanitarian may
object on the ground of cruelty, but the
common-sense point of view is in contrast
with the gun, which not only is more de
structive, but. dangerous as well. And
hawking never results in the infliction of
suffering, an infliction incidental to the
marksmanship of young gunners.
This consideration applies to adult as
well as juvenile sportsmen. For instance,
compare the bags made even by a most
successful falconer and a dead shot. With
a goshawk Mr. Boynton has killed since
the middle of September 194 rabbits in
thirty-four days. What gunner would
think of boasting about an average of six
per diem? Even his best day— twenty-four
in twenty-four flights, though it argues
luck and skill far past average attainment
— would be a very trivial result of a few
hours' good shooting. The excellent sea
son's bag recorded by Mr. Newall—forty
six 1 ares, three rabbits and six miscella
neous birds— would be trivial for even a
weak gun. And every life taken with a
falcon means far mure amusement than is
Ao be derived from merely pulling a trig
ger. Again, it may be pointed out that in
heron hawking many fuieoners rescue the
bird ere it is injured, and let it ro, to en
joy th<> delight oi a hard tight for life.—
Fall Mall Gazette.
THE STOCK MAEKET.
Yesterday was another firm- day in Comstoek
shares, and almost all sold higher, as will bo seen
by the list of sales lielow. The best prices « ere on
the morning and noon sessions, as the feeling was
slightly easier on ihe afternoon call. The cllise
was lower, except Occidental, which sold np to-&3c
after the board. (
NOTES. }
The delinquent sale of the Chollar Mining Com
pany wil be held to-day. >
The Bullion-Beck nine of Uiah paid a dividend
!of 25,000 on December 20. • ■ \
j • The CchU'n:i;ni-K'..rvkti mine of Utah paid a
j dividend Of $30,0*. 0 0:1 December 15.
The SniiifcliT Union Minim; <"otr<pany of . Colo
I rado paid a dividend of BOc per share on tli-- 2a. rh .•
sarue amounting LOf6o,UUti. -The mine paid $3s'j.
--000 n 1895. ; .
- The muni nly linancial satemems are as follows;
I Bodie. .$11, ."0S Kxclicqii'T $4,267
Bttiwer 3,7 Kas Sierra N'ev. 28
! Mono.. 920 ■ (.0i1... it urry... 9.589
Standard 25,415 : .ale & Norerbss. 4,7«.
syndicate. 953 'Julia . 450
I Alpha 7,451Ju5tiee....... . 20.">
Alta.... V,l7l'Kentnck 4.000
Andes..... ... 8.183 Lady Wash 158
Belcher 1,774 Mcs can 19,'J>S:->
Host & Belcher.. 20,335. 0ph1r.v ;.. 12,785
JJuilion;...... 7.t>65j occidental. ....... 499
Caledonia .... 1.183 Overman 1.780
Challenge 1... t'otos 19,5»J0
Choi'ar 18.. r Scorpion '28
Church :..... 16,9U9'8eg. Belcher..... 4,248
Conlidviico.. 6,osUj^ierra .Nevada... 6 17n
Con. Imperial.... 3,380 -liver Hill 510
Con. New York.. 198 liilon 6,371
Crown l'oint 534 Utah 2.197
Con. Cal. V 11... 19,068
B&vagere orta an Indebtedness of $1080, Sum
mi! $1038 amt .Silver Klnsr $i4:i7.
Adf ltioual -.<■> ek y r ior..s ir. m the Comstoek'
an? «s l'o'lows: .
in I the ';ir mine o. tin- lOUOJovel tin- north
dr;ft ir:nii the shaft station Is out, 21 ive:. the fa. c
b^i-ier in a porphyry formation tarryir.tc <lay s^i>a
r.uii'ns,: iiu tin? o-.. rv irom iiio s.'nin st.uion
iaou -23ffet in :isiit!i!t.r mo,, In thi' 0 d
rt-ntral cttnne! ivorklnsa of tin- Ophir from the b >:
toin oi Oiu win/oon t^e sill o:o^ the .'s<> level
'» -y have noyjiud thooiC 11 run ■ i riv a d.s ance
01 -iD f .-. t too! it;n.^tts SO k-.m . it pi. s cd through
quf.rlz n»sayiny $:$ ami $1 i.cr to'i. <>n ihe tunnel
lev.i th< ro,>n. \\>-s; from tie dr:f non liwest
from uipjl ticaa sh.ift, Fagt ah )Vt> the -il. Boor
of this level, has been ext»-ndeil 8 feet: total length
180 f^' l: la> " porphyry un.l qtianz a.ssi\ybix $2
lind .>^ pec ton. In tlic lop of this cro-iscut ne.>r
the face in the new eroußd there Is a sireak of ore
1 foot wide usaylag $2231) pi-r to-i. No worn ha»
been don' during thw v..<-,. on the BiU floor or this
l»vi 1. The concentralei from the 472 tons and
980 pountlu of ore crushed at the xii.au mill
[ have befn shipped to the Selby Siutltiog and Lead
I Company's orks for reduction.
: In the liniou Consolidated mine, on the 90'J-foot
! level, the apraise - _o feet west of the Union
sliatt station is up 1.1 tees; th* top b^lnx in quariz
j iarr\i-i_ low ussnys. No changes are reporied In
j the londiuou of th>' Sierra .sevadn mine. In the
Andes mine an Important air (Oimection has been
made In the .workings just, aiiove the 'JO level,
j which wil t°acilla:c the cxi luration of th« grouiid,
j in uhich some bunches of good ore were recently
I fou ml.
1:i the Alpha Con mine tne west cro-iscut from
ihi- southues- ilrltt, at a point 50 feet sou.hwe.st
from the main wesi crosscut, 4 30 level, was ex
tended 10 feet) to.a! length 19ieet: f.ice in por
phyry and quartz. The sonthwrs drif. was ad
vanced 10 f-t; to al .'enffth 60 feet; face In
quartz and clay ylcldinc low assays.
In the .\lta mine, on the B'-'5 level, the south
lati ral drift, Is in quartz BM»ylu«[ $7 10 $44 per on.
I in Lth« Hale & Norrron mine (lie ore streak in
: No. 1 upraise from the 975 iewl is looking the
same as last, reported. In -\o. '2 upraise ibeora
nurrowed a lUUe at one time last week, but h is
now, widening uKatn. Have started o. 3 upraise,
IS feet north of .\o. 1, an.l ih • same ore streak is
slm win:; in the op. ructed during the past
week from all open nga 31 carloads of ore.^he av
erage ; ssay value oi tlieoarsauples being $35 54
In cold and 36 4-10 ounces oi silver per ton.
Jt ia reported that important operations are soon
to be^'iu on the 1100 level in the Yellow Jacket
■ mine.
I BmXKBWICK I.odf..— Shaft ] on Hale * \or
cross near lhe Chollar norih boundary has bern
su;tk a distance o» 16 feet on the incline, tnrouuli
porphyry, clay unil quartz givmir low assays: total
depta 294 f'-ci. simf. •_> on tin- boundary of
Con. Cal. & Virginia, and U<>si <V Belcher ha been
sunk 8 feet on the incline, through har I porphyry
total depth 192 feet. The <;euld & Curry tunnel
in tjiiviiue ground iiasb.--'i extended 15 teet, pass
ing through porphyry and quartz giving iow assuys;
total length ironi inoutii ol tunnel -tti'j feet.
—^— — — — •
BUAKU SALLS.
Fo!lo>vlns; were the sales in the San Francisco
StocK Board yesterday:
XKOCURIfOBVrV'I 4K4STOV COMWHrCCIV* ATI: 30.
500 Alpha 100 Challnge..3s 600 0phir.. ..1.60
1400 Andes.. StBViUO 1.65
100 '29:250 CC<fcV..a.os 70UOvrmn....'2t$
300 8e1cher... 39 40 2.tSU 100 t'otosl . 70
300 15 «E 8..1.05 3U0C0nttd...1.'20;300 b9
'JOO 1.00)100 Ol oint...Sl l '2ooSavas:e....39
100 Bodie 44,200 52|260 3S
100.. 4:>_';jou&c 57|..00 87
100 : 500 .....'.......59 8e1...
'200 Ca1ed...... 10400 5« iO.> S >cv.... 66
100 Ch011ar....81 H<hX....1.3(ii9.M) 69
200 ......i-5 300 Kentuclc..O6 300 Union C.&'J
900 Mexicu...6Hlooo YJasKei.sß
300 87200 Occidntl.. .7o ! 4oo 67
A*T knoon BKBBIOH --_':3r).
400 Alpha 2Biloo ( CV 2.60100 Potoal.. ..65
300 Alta 181100 Crown PUSH 50 65
200 1-JJ6OO U A C 57200 tj«vam... . 3B
200 Andes 30 300 Julia 03.200 Scorpion.. o4
100 8f1c1ier....38 20U0 I, \Va»h.l)'J iOO SeX Ue1....1U
100 Bi li .1.00 350 Mi'xicnu. 7o 200 .> Nev 68
2UO ... 99J100 71 100 Uuion C...54
300 Bodie 44! 60 72 100 63
300 8u11i0n... 2 1350 0ccidt1....72 100 Utah (15
•-00 32(100 Ophir... 1.851200 * J uc.it. ..r>4
100 Calcda.... 10'30O 0vrmn....24 100 55
700 Ch011ar. ...H4>200 26
Following were the sales In the raclflj Stoci
Board yesierday :
1800 A1pha... 25 3000 Con 1m..02 600 0ph1r...1.6)
200 Alta 15 3000 03 700 ] ■■ .
900 14 1000 C N V...0] 500 1.6U
300 1 3 600 C Point. 500 1.67 a
300 Andes 25 800 32 600 2:1
1400 28 800 Kxciiqr.. .101000 Poiost ...69
1200 Belcher..3l 400 O <t C 60 600. 67
300 351600 59900 bo
400 B <fcß 97 600 58 600 'Savage... .3B
500 fiH 500 57 700 „ 37
500 800 56800 3«
lUOO 1.0U500 55 6110 35
800 l.O'Ji/j 300 54 2000 SccrplomH
800 1.0;>9U0 HJtN ...1.25 800 X B<fc M...13
800 80d1e.....47 600 Julia.... 03 «oO l'J
600 8u1110n....21 800 Justice. ...06 100 SNev 67
300 2»» 1500 Ken' c)c..O6 300 ltd
800 Caleda....losooli\Vash....ol;l2oo 65
500 Chalice.. ..»;> 400 Mexican..7o 2000 Mil Hi 11. .03
800 Cn0nur....78 69 200 L'nion C...5a
1200 80 400 6S&00 .... 51
400 82600 67600 50
300 84|400 Occld 70 500 Utah 07
000 85 500 69 500 V Jaci£et..s7
400 CCaV.... 400 68 1200 stt
1000 ........ 1400 67:800 55
600 2.80(300 0vrmn....26 700 54
400 2.611A800 20 SOO 63
•2U0C0nn\...1.20:1200 24;
AfiERNOOX SF.S9ION — 2:30.
500 A1pha...:. 25 15!) Confi ...1.25 "200 Occld 70
400 27*00 P0int... 321500 71
600 A1ta. ...... 13 300 33K00 7J
500 ... 14 500 Exchqr....lO6OO 7.*
500 Andes 28 300 O &C 58)200 74
30'J Belcner... 3s^oo 57 MOO .....79
500 37 500 58-iOO S(»
2UO 400 ; 5P300 8L
60OB& 8.. 1,00,800 U&N" ... 1.25 601) PotOSI b8
300 1.02 i/ 2 |loo 1.27y 2 Savage.... 35
200 80d1e......4&;500 Julia 03 SUO Scorpion..o4
600 8u!1i0n....2J 2600 Justice.. os 4oo 58&M...J1
300 8u1\ver....12 Mexican. 6^:300 Vi
>500Caleda.... 101200 70 600 IS
400 Challnge..:-it : 3UO 7^600 S Nev....68
'200 100 72300 71
600 Chollar ...82 000 Mono. ...U6'500 Union ....53
400 400 Ophlr... 1.60300 Utah U7
500 200 lVs'9oo V Jacket. 64
800 CCV 24M500 1.65400 65
400 2.6. | 500 Overmn...24|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Jan. tt -4 p. if.
BHi.A*ketl.\ Bid.Aik'.d.
Alpba Con 25 27 Jackson — 40
Alta 13 14Julia 01 03
Andes 28 3'Ji.Jitstlce 05 t)U
Belcher SO 37ibentucK. 05 07
Best & Belcuec. 96 1.00 Lady \V\ian.... 02 Ml
lientonCon — 46 Mexican 70 7'J
Bodie 44 45 Mt. Diab10..... Id '20
Bullion 21 2 Mono 04 OU
Bulwer 12 13 Nevada Uueen. 04 Otf
Caledonia 08 10 Occidental 79 80
Challenge Con. 34 36Ophir 1.60 1.85
Chollar 82 «3 Overman ..... 24 25
Con. CaL. & Va. '-. 61 I'otosi 65 6(5
Con. Imperial. 02 03'bavace 3ti 38
Confidence.. ._ 1.20 . I.2s>ep. Belcher... 11! 13
Con.NewYoric — 01 ; SMerra rsevala. 68 tilt
Crown Point... 32 33 s-corpion 03 —
EastSierra»ew — 04; silver H1U..... 02 0\
Exchequer..... 09 10 Sliver King 25 —
Kureka Con 15 25|Svndlcate — 03
UouIU & Uurry. 57 58' L uion Coa f>2 5<
Ualetlt .Norcrs. 1.20 1.30 L" tan in. t)7
lowa. — 04|Vei:ow JttCid.. 55 6tf
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Jan. 6 2 p. v.
ciriTKS statks bonds.
Jiitl. Atkcd.\ Bid. Asked.
VS 4s .IOBV2 — |U843 reg...1«8V4 -
MISCKLLASEnCS HINDI. '
Cal-stCbless. — 1101/2 DO. 2d Iss Os. — —
CalElecL6s.lo6 — il» &O liy 6».107 —
CntraCW6s. — lOUi/4 I'&CU Xv tts.iO2 —
Dpnt-s.t ex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.KK6s. — 11K''
KdsnL&l' 63.105 lOtSWReno. Wl^feL — 10S
F<tCHitR63.lO5V2 — " IRlver\VCo6s — 100
«earv-stltris. 8 108 It-'aooP .t L. .100 Wt\k
X-oaAnL'l,63. — 101 SF&^PKRSa A<i) ]cos,a
Do.linted.Os. — 10H/ 2 'bPKKAriz6s — Oti
■Mkt-3tCb!e6sl2o 122 Hl'i:UCalds..llO —
■< 0ri5.5..1073 5 108 V i! l Sl'KlU — 97-.,
NevCXgUßs. — 100 ISl'lirUCalGs. 'JtiU <»7 '
N PCKKG3.IO3V3 — BV\Vat«rtts.:l2l» / iISK%
KRyCal 63.100 104 bV\Vater4s... 9sl. 1»S" 8
NBy Lai ss. — 103 StkinG&KtJj — 103
Oak Gas 55.. 104V2 — SunstT<fcT6s. — lOii
Do. 2d issss.lO4Va — Sutter-stHss.lo9yj;ioai
I Omnibus 65.. — 119 V ViaallaWC — 92
i PacKollMtis.. — —|
WATKIt HTOCKS.
Contra Costa. 45 495/ i San JO3P 75»/i M
Marin C 0 ..... 50 spring Valley 97 P7i a
dr.- .vnicK-.
[Capital — 39=»i Pacific Licht. 46 48"'-
I Central 95 — Van Francsco 71Sa 72 V4
OakOLAH. 50 &l>/ 3 Stockton .... — 21..
PacOaslmp. 81i/j H2 ' \
INStR \ NCK STOCKS.
FiremausFd.ls4 160 |Sun 86V3 —
OOKUKBOIAIi BANK STOOK«.
Amerß&TC. — — lLondonPifcA.l273^l3o
Anglo-Cal... 59V0 62 LondonASP. — 28
■ Bank of Cal.. "233 .Merch Kx.... Vi —
C»l«l}<fcTCo.. 57 60 Nevada — —
irstNatioul.lHO - Luther B Co.. — —
Grangers — — |
■AVIKOa HANK ST')CK»
--(5nr5A1.C0.1375 — Pav&Loan.. — IM
HumbSJtL.looo — Security...... — -275
■ Mntua1. ...... 35 4iy s Union Trusc. — t26
I bF.-iavCnioa — 495 |
', STBKI TJ'.Air. KflAlt MTOCS I.
; California.... 105 — Oak.SLAHay — 10J
I (ieary-st 60 70 1-resiaio 5 —
; Market-5t.... 4-17/s joy B siiuer-s: — —
! Atlantic D... lS^-^Jnason?..,^ - -
Atlantic D... 15 — Jndaoa — —
California.... 95 115 [Vigont. 6'Jc —
Giant. — 19
MI-CKLUMKOI'I STX'KH
A!nsU-a Pkrs. 97 100 OceanlcSSCO — SO
P.lkDCOalCo. — .10 PacAuxKA.. 1 —
CalCotMlils.. — — Pac Borax... 98 l"0
• CalDrvDock. — — PacIANCa — . 30
Edison — 96Vi PacKoll Mill 22% 2ft
. GaaCOBAaML — — .ParfPalntC'c. — 9
HawC&SCo_ 7% 81/iPacTransCo. — 25
HutchHPCo.. 13 13' I'ucT.v- 6l> —
, JiKLsonMfsC, — — bunsetTiT.. 40 —
; Meri.i AssulOO 110 ; -Untied 000.. — '^5
. - •.«••■.- ■ - • > > • ,
Board— H oo Hawaiian Commercial, 7^4j 60 do,
■ 7 3 / i; 10 Pacific Uas Imp. 82: 10 1» F Oaallgtil, 72.
! S«.ree:— SV b Bonds, 122.
! A • TK::X ■ fSi nv.
Eoard— JOCO Hawaiian ( 0:11 ir.ercial, 8: 20 Oak
land i;as. 51: 30 s V Waier, 97»/*; jlOoo d v 4%
I Bonds, 98%. '
I Street— .o Hutchirijo 1 P Pto, 13y 8 : STO'iO Om
i nibus Cable Bonds, 1 .9 ■• s'JOii 6 I & N 1' Kailwjy
' liomls, 100
ASSKKSMKNT NOTICK.
A~~«i^*MJS.VT .Norhi. QUOD HOPK Mf.N-
Ing Company. J«ocalion of prlncip 1 place of
bos' ness, • Han u'rancisco, Cal.— Notice is hereby
Ki\in tbat at • nu-" Ins of : the direct >rs hell on
Ih c iiirt-r-K. 1835. an assessment to be known as
assessm n Xo. 4. i>. s.-v.mi: • (70) ccnta per share
waa levied upou i lie capital itbokw the corpor-
ation, pa.vable Immedial to be. treasurt-r of the
company at the compatiy^l office, roomg 1 and 'Z.
lenih f'oor, 'Mills building, northeast rfiusb
and Mon. i m rv .-,.r<v i«, City and Coun:y of Ha'i
Franci-co. biate of < 'al lomia. Any stock, n-.'on
v.iiicii said assessment i, ■!' iialo unpaid on ;h«
BOfb day o: J unary, 1 1»90, ill 1)^ delinquent aud
advertise : ror sale a: uu.ilic auction, and, uniess
pavmen i-i m-jdi- before, will. he sold on the "JOth
day ot K< i>r.'.ar/, 1 89t3, o pay the delinquent assess-
men) together with cos's of advertising and ex-
li< v es of sale. C H. iiOLBKU '1v.1K..
. Secre nry Good Hope >!inlng Company.
Office— .o'ini j l and 2, tenth floor, Mills build-
-Ins, *an 1-ranciaco, Cal.
1314
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai.t^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
aij;tit i& the year.
BRANCH OFFICBS-SM Montgomery street,
corner t!a\ ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SHU Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
7..; l.Hrkli: until 0:30 o'clock.
B W. comer sixteenth aud Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
251S Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICK i>F JSIKKTJXGS.
rt-**S= GRAXD CONSISTORY OF L"W«
-° •*■ California— Officers mem-i— i Hi n '
lers are requested to assemble at the abdMi==y| i
T.-,,,,,:,. THIS (TUESDAY) ACT- BSsssßH '
KRNOOX, January 7, at 12:3!)'.U — iKKjr-— jaj
o'clock, to attend the funeral of their i BH'
late brother, JEROME B. FARGO. ["»]
g:;o. J. HOBE, Grand Kistrar.
pp-S= CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. II «
l>-» ? and A. M.— Funeral notice. The offi- JS\
cers and members of the above-named lodge Y3f :
are rebj notified toal end the rnneral of /^^>
Brother HENRY T. BESTOR.Iate a member of
Premoiit Lodge No. »43, Lennox, lowa, in St.
John's Hall, Masonic Temple, Til. s DAY (Toes-
day), January 7, al 1:30 o'clock r. m. Master Ma-
sons and friends of the deceased are invited. By
order of the Master.
FRAXKLIX H. DAY, Secretary.
(J*^rS=» KING SOLO3JLOX'S I LODGE NO a~~
t*-* 260. F. and a M.— The officers and a\
members are notified to attend the funenU Y^f
of our deceased brother, ROBERT II /V^
MOORE, late a member ot St. John Lodge No. 1 of
jewporr.R. 1., from Masonic Temple TO-DAY'
( luesday), a; 1 -.30 o'clock p. m. By order of the
Master. HARRY HA R, Secretary.
[s^=* CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, ■
l>-^ R. A. M.. will meet Tills (TCEs-
DAY) EVENING. Januar* 7 hi 7:30153?
0 clock, stated meeting and installation of A\^\
officers. By onler o: the li. P.
& FRAXKLIX H. PAY, Secretary.
*Z5S= PACIFIC LODUE XO. 136. F. o
ta-sS' nll(1 A . m. . 121 Eddy st. -stated A
meeting THIS KN'ENING. 7:30 o'clock \JfTf
. GEORGI P.-:NLINGTON, Secretary. A^N
b^TS* O R I XTAL LODGE NO. 144. F. g,
C^- 1^ and; A. Stated meeting THIS Jk
(TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:3!) o'clock. ifV
A. S. lIUBBARD, Secretary. /\^\
STr^r" ORIENTAL ". LODGE ■ NO. 144.' F. j» '
>^-^ and a. M. -Special meeting TUEs- £\
DAY.JaniMtrj '. at 1 o'clock i . M..fonin>'T y
purpose of eoiulncilnsihefuner.tl ol ourlate /^^>
l'roihi-r. JKROMK BONAPARTE FARGO. Mas-
ter Masotiu and friends are respectfully invited.
J\ order of lie W. M.
A. s. HUBBARD, Secretary.
pf^p GOLDEN* GATE LODGE XO. 30, j»
l-u-sS' F.and A. M. -Stated meeting THIS Jk
(TUESDAY) EVENING, January 7. at "W^T
7 :30 o'clock. D.2. GEO. J. II M.K. .-. . /v*
K5» UMTV LO I TuX 27, A. O. ■U . W.— j vo ~
L^-c The funeral escort are notified to Hs-^r^-vi
Bemhle wt the lodgeroom at 8:30 a. m. TO-tT'.JK"
I>.-\Yiortln> poiroje of attending the fii-t^r> ■
i.eral «f our late brother. R. s. D'ARCY.
s. ].. WAI. I. Master Workman.
Cuts. H. Bowt-oTT. Recorder.
[trs= > THE UE«I 1. \!: ANNUA 1. MEETING
t*- 1^ of the San Fraucisco Ladi< Pro tec tion an.i :
Relief Society. will be beld at the honie, corner of
«;<-:iry and Franklin. THURSDAY; Jauii 9,
!K96^at 2p. >i. ALICE BROWN, retary.
pKjS* 1 NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
L*--^ the annual meeting of the ockbolders of
the rsefly <;<>!d Mining Company will be held at
its oflice. 610 Clay street. .-:i!i Francisco, Cal., ou
TUESDAY; the 14tii day of Januurv, JB9o, at 3
o'clock r. M. By order of the board bf directors.
EDWARD P. FLINT, President, i
R. T. Wai Secretary.
E£*"3*r» ': PR ES I DIO 'AN D il-. 1: :E8 B. B. CO.-
I*-* 1 The egular annual meeting of the stock-
hnhlersof the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com-
j 'any will be held «t the o!iice of the company, 1111
Union street, corner Sharp's Dlace, San Francisco, '
Cal., on Friday, tUe twenty-fourth (24th) day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m.', for
the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
during the ensuiti- year, and thf" transaction of 1
Kiich other business as may properly come before
the meeting. IVansfer books will r!o"sc on Tuesday,
January 14. at 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN B. LEIGHTOX, Secretary.
oilice— llll Union .st., corner sharp's place, san :
Francisco, Cal.
f.£r"s= AN STAL MEETING-THE ANNUAL I
Lr - C ' meeting of tlie stockholders of thecominer-
cial Insurance company of California will beheld
at the otlice of the I'alaline Insurance Company.
Mini. cd, of STamihesier, ngland, 439 California Bt..
.*-ufe Deposit building, San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, tin- 15th day of January. 1896,
at the hour ol 12 o'clock, in accordance with by-
laws.
CHARLES A. LATON, Secretary.
Ran Franc n, DeivnihT 81. 1595.
UIVtIJKXH NOTICKS.
r*^s= <oLrMßt"slTA^'7>CGs^nrfSAN r so'. I
ur-=^ <-..ty. 614 Washington at. urn! S Montsom- ;
cry are.— Dividends on term deposits r.t the rate of '
fmr and thirty-two one-hundreths (4 32-100) per
cent r-er annum, and on 'ordinary deposits al the |
rate of three and six-tenths (36-10) per cent per I
iimium, for the half year endltuc December 31, '
1895. will be payable, free of tax.-s, on and after
January 2, 189 G. J. F. FUGAZI, Presilent.
K. >.. Belgrano, Secretary.
E^rg=- ■ DIVIDEND tXOTICE— THEs GERMAN
ij~^ Savings and Loan society, 526 California
street. For the hall year ending December 31,
1895, a dividend lias been declared at the rate ot"
}our uml twenty-six bundredLhs (4 26-100) ]>er i
<^n: per. annnm on term d-po<i;s, and tliret; and !
filty-flve hundredths (3 55-100) i>er ent per an-
numonordii deposits free of taxes, payable
on and after Thursday, January 2, 1896.
GEORGE TOLRXY, Secretary.
rri"S= DIVIDi Mi INOTICE— SAVINGS AND
L^-^^ Loan Society, 101 Montgomery st.. cor.
Sutler. For the half y,. r ending December 3i,
1*95. a dividend has bt-en declared at the rate of
four an I thirty-two one-hundredtbs (4.32) per cent i
per annum on term lepoa -. an three and sixty
ont-hunrtredths (S.6o> per cent per annumonor-
dmarj <!ei osits. iree of taxes, payable on and after i
WKDNESDAY, January 1, I>>96. Dividends not j
called for are added to and be;:r the same rate of j
dividei as the principal from and after January |
1. ■ -■•• ; CYRUS W. CARMAN Y. Cashier. |
SPECIAL NOTICJ
rtT^= FIRST-CLASS PAPERTNTrTuFT^ALNT"- ■
la^zs log in exchange for groceries, fuel, etc. Ad- I
dress Pajif r-hungiii?, 1532 Bush St.
JgTp TEST CTl ichKl'O-XKJHT, 10c: MME.
tg-Jy VOI S 605 McAllister st.; sittings daily. :
pp-S 3 NOTICE IS HKKKBY THAT
LX* 7 the san Francisco l'rotestant Orphan Asy-
lum 9o lety has admitted to their institution the j
tollowlng orphan and half-orphan irirls and boys
from June 30, 1895, to January 1. l*0u: Edith
Campbell, 7 yrs.; Caroline M. Newton. 5 yrs:
Mvitle Campbell B yrs.; Ethel M. Mortatt, 5
vrs.; Paul Dueling, •_' yrs.: Gi-orse Grass, 6 yra ; 1
Willie Coo s. 11 yrs.; Bishop B. Taylor. 8 yrs.: I
Willie A. Newton, 2 yrs.: James O. Morritson, 4 !
vrs.: Frederick A. MotTait, 6 yrs.; Carl Smith. I
121/2 yrs. : HJdmund I:. Bedford, 10 yrs.; Thomas.
Bemler, 7 yrs. ; Delbert D. jialey, 1 yrs.
mpjS' .ENGLISH LADY'S XEW COSMETIC
**-*'' Parlors, room 46, 850 MarKet st.
K^-S 3 MRS. BERXHAKDT. 17a SIXTH ST.,
Cr*^* Brst Genuine massage treatment. i
ET^-S=NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THATTHE !
ti>J Maria Kip Orphauase of 638 Folsom st., San
Francisco, Cal., has admitted the following half- '
orphan girls from October 1, 1895, to January 1,
1896: Annie HammiU. JOyt-ars; Jessie Merle
Par rid^e, astd 1 1 years; Florence V. Spicer aged
10 years; Georgie F. Wakeley, at;ed lOyears; (»race
Hodt;p, aged 8 pears.
fjF3s= MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM l
'■»-*' S, second iloor; senulne massage treatment.
(?t-*-S" > OOHNB REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
L3^ i? Chiropodic Institute, room 22, 906 Market.
IKPW* BA D « TEN A NTS X KJFXTKI) I FOR I $i.
"^ ColJections mnde, city or country. Pacitio
Collection Co.. 415 Montjjy st.. room 6. Tel. 5680.
r*-*S=* CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, HUCCKSS-
-I*-*' fully ireated. DR. I LOYD. Lurline Baths.
p^-*s => windows CZKANED and FLOOUS
I*-*' scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment -l^r
ccmaces euaranteed. C. ROSSI A- CO., 242 Sutter.^ .
EK"*"**^ ROOMS WHITENED. ?1 UP; PAPER- i
U^-c- «-c S3 50 up. :il7i .. Third. i.'eoree Hartman.
BIT! ATIONB KP-»FEMAMt.
\*OUNG UIRL WANTS PLACE TO DO
1 housework. Please call at .31 Federal st., be-
tween Bryant and Bran nan,
■JV'EAT GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE SITL*- !
J-" atioa to do cenera' iseworkoropatalrs work I
and sewing. Apply 09 Third st.; no postals.
yol'-VG WOMAN TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
-1 work; c>"id cook and laundress; city orcountry.
Cal] 276 Minna st., off Fourth.
"YO UNG AMERICAS! WOMAN DESIRES PO- i
L sition as governess or traveling companion- is
first-class milliner aud sewer. Addreis Governess,
box 122, Call Office.
\ lOMPK'I I.N r MIDDLE-AGED WoM A N
yj wishes j)lace to do lv.it housework; is cood
cook: understands eire of children; city or short
distauce in country. Call or address '924 Wash-
Ington st.
I ADY DESIRES POSITION AS HOUSE-
JJ keeper or assist with lizlit housework; object,
home. Address S. E., box 68, tins ollice.
VOUNO widow WANTB A SITUATION AS
1 type-writer. 873 Vi Market st.,rocm 13, 2 d floor.
WEDISTI"O IRL W AJSTB SITUATION ro DO
O cookinir and housework; references. Address
M- box 63, Call Oflice.
YjE LIABLE NEW ENGLAND WOMAN
J t wants work: care of infant, cnildren or in-
va'il preferred ; can assist • hildren with lessons.
L. L.. room .M. Winchester House. 44 Third st.
*\TrA NTEI) —BY YOUNG WOMAN, PLAIX
■'i housework to do by the day. Apply 444 i/i
Clementina St.. in the forenoon.
1 OMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
\^ ks chambermaid and laundress with references.
Address SO5 Eddy St.: ■
SITUATION WANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED I
>. woman: is competent coo!;; good home more an !
object tfcan wa^es. Call or adores* 1008 Bush st.
ERMAN WOMAN WANTS SITUATION AS
" J cook In piivate family; is first-class and will
assist in plain wabhing. Address N. N.. box 136,
«'a.l Office. I
Tir A XTKD- A SITUATION* AS FIR^T-CLASS ' .
»' laundress or chambermaid; best of reference. i 1
«'a!l or address 648 Naloina st. I
*\*OUNG WOMAX EXPERIENCED IN ALL j
X kinds of work iii hotel or boarding-house: city j '.
orcountry. 322 Ihird st., room 37. , 1
|js ITU AT I ONS AS TKD- Con tinned
■ V OUXGOIRLOF 16, PPEAKBGOODGERMAN
i X and F.nelish, w.uld like a place to mind chil-
dren. 102 COUingwood st., near Eighteenth and
Castro.
■WANTED— BY A GERMAN* GIKLHOUSK-
*" work in small private family: wlMgotoOak-
lard. Adiir. ss o. 11., box 36. Call Office.
ITU ATION VVANIEU— BV AN KLDi-.RLY
0 woman: city or < otintry : $10 or $12 a month.
i Apply .it 314 Jessie s:.. off Fourth.
VMKRICAN GIRL WITH <K»OD REFKR-
-iV encc wishes a situation in small family: cook-
ingand general housework; will <io small wash;
wa?es $20. Address P. G.. box 16. Call Oflice. .
OUNG LADY WISHES A P.iSITJON AS
1 cashier, office or store work. Address F. M. M.,
I 508 Grove st.
i T\RKSSMAKER WISHES A FJS V ENGAGE-
\J tii> nts to go oit by the ''ay ; cuts and iit-, ; '$1
per day. Please apply 843 Pace st.. near Sco:t.
El Im 1,1 v woman WANis situation TO
XJ do general housework: good borne more an ob-
ject than wages. Call or address 7b7 Harrison st.
QWEDISH GIRI WMIKs bITUATION TO
kj do light houseworn or chamberwork. call or
address E Hodges pi., oft' Vallejo St., between San-
some and Montgomery. ; ;• .' ;
Or ANTED— BY A HRST-4 LASS waitress
'» position in restaurant or hotel. Address MISS
X., box 1. Call Oilice.
yOl'.Vli GIRL WISHES A ATION FOR
X upstairs woric and waiting on table; has good
references. 211 Minna St.
DELIABLE 'YOUNG WoMAN Wants BITU-
-11 at ion to take charge of lodging-honse or as
housekeeper. Call or address 27 Minna st.
\ r OUNG GIRL W rsiiE-.s PLACE TO liO PLAIX
X cooking and housework. 231 Eighth st.
QITUATIO.N WANTED BY A RELIABLE
O woman to do chamberwork in hotel or private
family. Address T., box 48, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY AMERICAN WO-
man; competent cook, or do general house-
work: best of reference. Ca'l 325 Ellis st.
YOUNG WOMAN TO ASSIST IN LIGHT
X honseworic Call 327 Clementina st; no cards.
T\RESSMAKER THAT MAKES A SP»-
■LJ ciHlty of children's <!res3es and ladies' wrap-
pers, also while sewing; will go out at $1 25 a day:
reference given. CaU or address 1607 Buchanan.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG WOMAN
O for general housework in small family; wages
$15 to 459% Tebamast.
V OUNG WIDOW WISHES A POB|T£ON AS
; X housekeeper; city or country. 60V2 Everett
St., at. Third and Fourth.
\y anteUHpositiTTx as housekeeper
»* or chambermaid; hotel or lodging-house pre-
ferred. Plense call or address Chambermaid, 632 i
.1,-s st.
V OC'NG GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO ELP
X assist in light housework and mind children.
Call or address 469 Hryant st. . ;
(OMPKI IN I WOM iN WISHES SITUATION i
VJ to do general housework In American family, •
good cook and laundress; 'city or Oakland. Ad-
dress M. A.. 1 OS 77, Call Office.
I 1 ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION IN
VI small American family, Plense apply at 400
Uold< d 1 iate .i\e.
Sw ce s 1 1 T; i rl wants situation TO do
; O co.ikiiuc and housework; references. Address
M., box 68, this office.
youxuTsEKJiXN GIRL wants place to
X dogener I housework or upstairs work; wages
IS. 1 v!, at BS hvi-rei; st.
DELIABLE WOMAN WISHES SI TUATIOX
I 1 to do housework iv small family. Address 740
Howard .st.
pOMPETENTGIRL WISHES TO DO GEXEI£
v,' ai bouseworK in private family; citvorcouu-
try. Call or address 127 Valley st. '
I pOLORED WOMAN WISHES DAY'S WORK
V,' washing and ironing or honsecleaning, or will
take washing and ironing home or a few offices to
j clean. Address w.. box 77, Call Office.
"Educated young WOMAN WITH good
, J references as cook and housekeeper would like
position In gooJ family. Call or address Miss
J. M., 611 Ellis st
X*LDERLY WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
Jj as housekeeper in small family. Call 139
l-.li-V.Tllh S-,
IARESSMAKER WOULD LIKE WORK HOME, I
XJ or will go oui by the day: $1 50. 301 Franklin.
hSPECTABLE GIRL WIBHES SITUATION
XI to do general houseivork. Please call or ad- I
dress 1723 Market St., grocery.
TTOV WOULD LIKE POSIT ON OF HOUSE-
J.i keeppr or plain sewing. 144 Fifth st.. room 6.
"DEFINED YOUNG LADY WISHES A POSI-
Xt tion as companion to elderly Jady or invalid
daughter in country or city; Spanish and English
spoken: best of references given and required.
Call at 670 Adeline St., bet. 2 aud I P. m., OaKland.
yOL'-NITwOMAN WISHES A SITUATION IN
X a small family lo do light housework. Call 971
line s'.. West Oakland.
4 1 ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
vl for plain cooking and housework. Call 139 U.
Eleventh st.. near Howard.
W IDOW OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES POSI-
'» tinn in lodging-house or small fa.nilv. Apply
2C2Va'l urk st.
L'DERLY AMERICAN WOMAN WANTS A
sitr.atiou; is a good plain cook; no objection to
country place. Cull at 12«V2 Ninth st.
yOUNG LADY DESIRES SITUATION AS
X nurs" for infjint or children. Please call or ad-
dress 114 M Suiter st.
COMPETENT DKESsMAKKITwiSHES SEW- !
yj Ing: children's garments a specialty. Address 1
8.- M.. 923 lost st.
\\' ASHING HOUSEKEEPING DONE BY '■
" » the day. 1444 Jackson st.
W A NTED-A POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER !
'» for one or two in family. Address, Eastern,
box 11, Call Office.
D ESPEI TABL E young LADY WISHES a
XI situaticn for general housework In a small
family. Apj ly 2132 Union st.
"I ADY" WITH LITTLE GIRL WISHES SITU-
JJ atiou to do housework and care for widower's
family, or will coolr. for workhands in country. Ap-
ply roam 12. firsi t!o .r. 124 Sixth st., city.
VXPfcRT BOOKKEEPER DKSTRES SITUA- j
J-J lion, city or country; holds United Stales In-
dustrial Agency certlflcate. Address Accountant,
box 115, Call.
VXPERJ E N C E D GLOVE SALESLADY !
Jj wants position in city, Oakland or San Jose.
Address S. M., box 117, Call. j
p ERMAX LADY OF REFINEMENT AXD i
VT ability wishe.< position as housekeeper. Ad- j
dress If. X., box- 110, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGE D LADY OF EXPERIENCE
Hi would like place as housekeeper or nurse. Call i
or address 240 shotwell st.
}p ASTERN LADY (WIDOW) 2 CHILDREN,
JJ desires housekeeper's situation in widower's
family in the country, 11 near good schools: home
desired more than money. C. E. W., Playter
b ock, room 8, Oakland.
IDDLE-AGED LADY OK EXPERIENCE !
would like position as housekeeper for gentle-
man, or chamberwork in hotel; city or country.
Address om 19. 121 Montgomery st.
EXPERIENCED LaUXDRESS WISHES A
XJ situation In a laundry. 1799 Filbert st.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
VJ do general houseworK and cooking; sleep
home, call or address 250 Polk st.
}|"LDERLY G ltM A N WOMAX WAXTS SITU-
-J ation to do light housework or mind children;
no cooking. AddressMKS.CHARLESGREGE.It,
Brentwood, Contra Costa County.
p ERMAX (URL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
VJ general housework HlTwentleth st.
rfITATION WANTED BY A YOUNG GER-
>~ man girl to take care of children and assist in !
light housework. 947 liryant st.
RBSPECTA WOMAN WISHES 2 OR 3
days' work a week, either washinz. ironing or i
housecleaning. Call or address 52t> Howard st.
SITUATION WANTED BY AMERICAN
O woman in widower's family as housekeeper;
place where there are children; good references.
10 Zoe, off Bryant, rear Third.
• YOUNG WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
A housekeeper. Call or address 40 'McAllister st.,
room 1.
C DISH AND G E AN EMPLOYMENT !
cilice, lli/o Antoniast., opp. Jones, near Ellis. ;
LADIES 1 AND GENTLEMEN'S REPAIRING '
XJ neatly and reasonably done. 917 Market, r. 21. '•
Y OUXG MARRIED LADY WISHES a POSI- ;
X tion a:s chamtiermaid or housework by the tiny ;
can give reference. Address L. F., box 122, Call. j
OUNG LADY WAXTS POSITION AS I
X housekeeper: also a dressmaker; will take' i
work home: very reasonable. Apply 706 Ellis, r. 2. '
"W J XCHESTER HOUSE, 44THIRT) ST., XR.
»' Market; 200 rooms: 25c to SI 50 per night;
$1 50 to $tS per week : convenient and respectable:
iTee |, us to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS W.YNTiSiJ-aIALI..
PC. G. COOK'S SOC. .SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
. branches -.sliorl notice. 14 C'eßry. ;tel. Grant 46.
UXTER <S CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese enipioyment ollice, 17 Webb st.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
T A PAXESE YOUXG MAX AXD WIFE
0 wish it ions in family as first-class cook
and tecond worker; they are honest and good-
natared. Address T. M., care Japanese store, 403
Gearv s;.
AItRIED MAX WAXTS A SITUATION* AS
watchman, Bight or day; good security given.
Call or address U. FRAXKLIX, 614 Sanchez st..
nr. Eighteenth.
p ERMAN, 23 YEARS OLD, WISHES ANY
*P_ X.'.K .'." 11 ' ' posUlon - Address G. KARLSENHER,
WANTED- WORK AT PAPER-HAXGIXG, i
tt nalnttag or whitening. HALL. 1137 Misslou st. ;
AIARRIED MAN WANTS POSITION AS
XTX watchman or porter; Al reference. Address
E., box 84, this office.
VTOUNG man wants WINDOW and
X house cleaning in exchange for . board, or jani-
tor s work or office-cleaning at low wages. Ad-
dress R. A., box 16. Call Office. X
SWEDISH YOUXG M A N WANTS WORK AT
»J housec!eanin? in hotel or private family
handy a*, pali.ung. calclmlnlng. paper-hanging
and paper-cleaning; small wages: good reference.
Call or ajdress 511 Pine st.
STEADY RELIABLE YOUXG MAN WITH
flrst-class refereucea wants a situation as bar-
keeper; city or country: thoroughly understands
the business. Address W. C, box 30. Call otlice
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1596.
_PIT£ATIOJSS TVASTED-Contlnned.
yoOXO MARRIED MAX OF GOOD H ABITB
-I- wishes position la wholesale or r-tall house
with isperlenee. Address 8., box tiO, Call Oilice.
\\r^VXTED— SITUATIOX AS SECOND COOK
»' in hotel or restaurant. Address Cook, box 69,
Ca'l Office.
AXTISD— BY YOUNG"MXX"OF GOOD HAB-
'» its. l>oari and lodcing iv private family cen-
trally located: sta'.e price. Y. M.. box 59, Call.
\\- ANTED — SITUA 'I lON AS GARDEN ER ;
'» can milk, drive, handy with tools; references.
Address J. L.. box 59, Call Office.
OTEADY GERMAN BOY r OF 16 WISHES TO
O drive a butcher-wagon: has some experience.
Address W., Call Brancii Office. 116 Ninth st.
CHMAN OR 31 AN ABOUT PLACE:
V thoroughly understands the care and driving of
horses: good gardener and milker; handy with
tools: best of references. Address A. s., box 92,
Call Oliic .
STEADY, RELIABLE YOUNG MAN OF 18,
0 wiih reference, writing good hand, desires
position. Address 628V 3 Fulton.
/iakdknj:h — PERMAXEXT POSITION*
VJ wanted by a professional gardener with 12
years' experience in this State in caring for exten-
sive private plnces; highest references given. Ad-
dress E. G., box 122, this oilice.
A'OIXi; MAX WAXTS WORK AT HOUBE-
t cleaning; handy at palming, whitewashing and
tlazin.-: small wages; gco 1 reference. Clinton,
box 8, Call office.
ClQn A MONTH — FIRST-CLASS BA R-
»J)tJV/ tender must have work in saloon or whole-
sale liquor-store: good references. Address 24i
Garden st.. city.
L/OY, age 16, wants work in or
'-"around store; good references. Address 37
Ritch st.
nOACHMAN, WHO UNDERSTANDS GAR-
V-> dening, wants place in private family; good
reference. Call or address 511 Broadway.
\-iHNg"man (30 YEARS OF AGE) WISHES
-I position as porter; handy with tools; willing to
do anything; speaks French. German. English and
Spanish. Address ,J. S., box 11, Call Office.
TV" u RSE OR VALET TO in VALID GENTLE-
-*-' man: lorii; experience; highest medical and
private references: speaks French, German, Eng-
lish. Address Nurse, 315 Stockton st.
RACTICAL MINING MAN DESIRES POSI-
J tion asmanazeror foreman at a quartz mine: I
iindeis:an-ls bookkeeping, miuinsrt nijiueerlne and I
assavingand all underground work. Address J., j
box 59, this offire.
1 EXPERIENCED COUPLE WISHES TO MAN- I
-1-^ ape restaurant; man good cook, to take kitchen;
wife dining-room. ,703 Stockton st.
JPOUNDm HANDY MAN; MOLDING,
1 Sling, polishing, etc.: brass or iron. Address !
Handy, box 76, Call Oflice.
MECHANIC AND HANDY MAN IN GEX-
eral wants work; city or country; small wages '
expected. Address L. M.. b.>\ 164, Call Oflice.
CIOACHMAN AXD GARDKXER WANTS A
\J situation; Oakland and San Rafa°! references; '
is thoroughly experienced and reliable. Address j
1.. <'.. I ox 127, Call oilice. I
IST-CLASS COACHMAN WANTS BITUA
tion; has best of references: 4 years in present I
place. Address D. F., box 16, Call Office.
O ITUATIOX is WANTED ISV YOUNG MAX
O as an all-around bana about place: city or I
country. Address A. R., box 186, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED IV RESTAURANT i
» or saloon by a reliable, steady man. Address
1412 Powell st., room 13.
ANTED -BY AX EXPERIKNCED VINI-
; *" culturist, a position at employer's terms. Ad-
I dress E. V., box 76. Call Office.
FEMALK HKLP WANTED.
"U*OR THE BEST SELECTED HELP,
Male or female, call on or address MARTIX'S |
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 749 Market st.
Telephone Main 1849. Largest and best con- j
ducted agency of its kind on the coast. We want i
10 waitresses for Los Angeles and vicinity. . -f 2O,
room, etc.. call early ; 2 waitresses, city, $7 a week; i
I second girl, $20, etc: cook in familv'of 3. S2O to i
I $25, etc.; 26 hous?gir!s at $ 10, 912, mi'! ¥20 a i
; month.
EAD WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, F25; |
2 waitresses, country hotel, $20, call early;
chambermaid and waitress, #20. country hotel;
, chambermaid tor lodging-honse, $15. city; cham-
i bermaid and waitress, *15. C. R. HAXSEN <fc
CO., 1 10 Geary st.
O SCANDINAVIAN SECOND GIRLS, $20; A !
— number of neat young housework girls, city and j
country. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
EAD WAITRESS AND WAITRESS, COUX- !
try hotel. $25 and $20. C. R. HANSEX <fc I
CO.. 110 Geary it.
pOOK FOR FAMILY AT A MIKE. $25, SEE
\J party here this morning. C. R. HANSEX &
CO., 110 Geary st.
( ) WAITRESSES, COUNTRY' HOTEL, SEE
— party here 11 a. m. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
6M OB E WA ! T ESSES TO GO SOUTH, $20.
D C. R. 11 ANSEN <fc CO.
pOOK, $3 ; GERMAN COOK. $26: 5 SECOND
\J girls. $20 and $35; cook, Oakdale, f 25; Belve-
dere, 816; Berkeley, 525; French second girl, *25; i
15 housework girls, city. $15 to $25; 4 young girls :
assist. $10 to $15. MIsS CULLEN. 105 Stockton.
HO RK.I3 ~f X~ FAM I Ey.l *1 5 ; COOK,
small boarding-house, «25; housework, May-
Beld, $15. MISS CULI 1( 6 Btockton st.
pOOK, NICE PRIVATE BOARDIXG-HOUSE
V. $25. MISS CULLEN. 105 Stockton st.
tSj eat GIRL, LIGHT SECOND WORK. San
1> Mateo, $10. MIS 3 CULLEN. 105 Stockton.
\\r ANTED— WAITRESS AND PARLOR MAID,
'» $10, see lady here at 10 to-day; 2 cooks, same
hotel, country, $40: 4 waitresses, country hotels,
$20: Protestant cook and laundress, a short, dis-
i ta:ice, $25: 3 cooks, German and French style,
i $25 nnd $30; body-ironer In laundry. $B a week: '
chambermaid in institution, $15; French nurse, i
$20; 2 Protestant second girls, $20, and girls ot I
all nationalities to rill situations in city and coun- ,
I try - .1. F. CROSETT & CO., 312 Sutterst.
ANTED— A COMPETENT NURSE FOR I
'» Infant. $25; a lady's maid, $25; nurse for 3 I
Children, $25; 5 girls for country places, S2O each: '
! 4 good German cooks. $35 and $30, 50 housework
Blrls of all nationalities for city i>laces, wages S3O !
$25, $20. $15 and $12. Apply MISS PLUXKETT 1
I 424 Sinter st. ]
ATTRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL,' $20 ; GER- \
'* man or Swedish second girl, $20. and girls for
housework, ci y and country. R. T. WARD <fc CO
810 Clay st.
; \\T A ITRESSES, CITY AXD COUXTRY HO i
»' tels. $20 and $15; chambermaid, asstsi wait-
ing, $1H; cooks for private families aud ranches, ;
! $25 and $20; girls for housework, City and coun-
try. MURRAY <fc READY, 634-636 Clay st.
"I V ANTED— '-' GERMAN OR FRENCH COOKS,
'» *;V) and $25: French maid, $15; cbamber- i
! maid and waitress. $15; waitress aud parlormaid, i
I $25; Irish chambermaid for hotel, city. $20' I
i French nursery governess, $20. LEON A*XDRE, i
j 315 Stockton st. j
I) GIRLS, AMERICAN* FAMILY, $20; 2 IRISH !
— Cirls. Jewish family. $25; second girl, $15- ;
companion to child, $15; girl. Alameda, $20;
woman, $15; others. $20 and $25. MME. LEO-
I'OLD, 20 Stockton Bt.
9 GIRLS FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. i
! — ■ across the bay, $25 each; 4 bouseeirls, city, $20 '
and $25: 2 hoos-girls, $15: chambermaid, $20'
waitress, $20; io. k.?:!. tos4o. Apply 315 sutler!
M.iiK. >-.-i0: UPSTAIRS GIRL, $20; GIRL, TO
V care for children, Sl5: 8 e.lrls for housework :
l $15, $20 and $25. MRS. HIRD, moved to 721 '
Ellis st. i
=rr j
; "EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON WHITE !
VJ shirts. GREENEBAUM.WEIL <fe MICHELS, !
I 531 Mission st.
WANTED -RELIABLE WOMAN, LIVING
»" at home and having good references, to take
care of 2 small children in the afternoons and oc-
casionally in the evenings. Cull bet. 4 aud 6i\ m..
1 2140 Slitter st.
■. WANTED— BRIGHT GERMAN GIRL NOT \
| » » over 16 to work on erabroiderv mnciiine. Call
j after 10 o'clock 14 Grant uve., room 56.
NEAT. BEBPECTABLB gTrl for gex- '
-L> eral housework and plain cooking; wages $10' '
2 in family. .927 Ellis st. .
: WANTED— A NEAT, RELIABLE YOUXG j
; »» Kirl for second work for family of two adults- I
wages $12. Aoply Tuesday morning between 10 I
and 12 nt 2626 Steiner, 1 door north of Pacific aye. ;
I W AXTEJJ-YOUXG GIRL, GERMAN PRfi -
'» ferred, general housework, family two and
child; wages $12. Call bet. 9 and 2at 908 Oak.
-yoUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X work. 1443 Harrison st.
vy anted-girlTfor SECOND work axd
'» waiting. 1307 Hyde st.
\V AN ' Kn -AX APPREXTICK WHO CAX I
»' aew at dressmaking. Call at 1301 Larkin st.
PERATOR ON CUSTOM COATS. 4. HAB-
riet st.
OUSEKEEPEP.-WOMAN FOR GENERAL
lior.sework and plain cooking. 1123 Leaven- i
worth st. ...
ANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
' ' term commences this mo. Room 51, 121 Post.
DURING THE SALE i..\iui wool suits
$3 90. N. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
VOUXG GIRL, GENERAL HOUSEWORK
JL and cooking. Van Ness aye.
VT E A T G I WANTED FOR LIGHT HOUS&
-L> work. 336 Flibert st. . ;
; V OUNG GIRL WHO WANTS GOOD HOME
-I on a ranch. Apply 1718 Post st.
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
j -I work; small family; $10. 542 Saachez St.
yOUNG GERMAN GIRL TO ASSIST IN
-i housework. 3443 Sixteenth St., cor. Sanchez.
A'OFNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. GOOD
X home for neat girl. 403 Sanchez st.
GIRL WANTED T( ASSIST IX GEXERAL
housework. 191 Bush st. near Lairuna.
W ANTE L-G E RMAN WOMAN FOR LIGHT
'' housework. 457 Guerrero st.
GIRL FOR GEX"eraIThOUHE WORK ; M CJST
understand cooking. 1521 Ellis st.
W OMAN OR GIRL FORLLNCH COOKING:
IT wages $15. 438 Fifth •*.
HKIP TED- Contlnnert.
pERMAN GIRL WANTED~FOR GENERAL
VJ housework. Call at 700 .Diamond St., bakery.
GtBL TO ABBIST IN LI .111 HOUSEWORK.
Apply 735 Guerrero st.
JVtESSMAKERS WANTED - FIRST-CLASS
X/ dressmakers; none others need apply. 504
Sutter s!.
\y NTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
tt school: class or private: young ladies fitted
for ■ tha trade: reasonable. 410 Leavenworth st.
W ANTED- YOUNG GTBL TO DO LIGHT
Tf bousework: small family; must sleep home.
Call 8807 Harrison st.. near Twenty-fourth.
■yOUNG GERMAN GIRL TO ASSIST IN
X housework ; family of 2; $7 month. 416 Mc-
Allister st.
vtoung GERMAN GIRL, experienced IN
X housework, to wait in bakery ; wage, 15. 125
Beventh st.
rPAILORESS WANTED. 2803 GREEN WJCH
X st., cor. Baker.
\7OONG (3IRL ABOUT 14 TO ASSIST. AD-
X dress M RS. T., box 8, this oflice.
y. WAITRESSES FOR COUNTRY DANCE-
TT hall. Apply 35 Taylor st., room 1.
1A J I'ST < Vi-NIKVi AND RESPECTABLE;
I n«« \\ lnchester House. 44 Thin! st.. near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 £0 to $6 per
week: iree bus to and.trom the ferry.
IJEAUTY CULTUBE. H AIBDBESSING. MAN-
IJ lenre parlors: all branches taiutu thoroughly;
terms moderate; free to our a?ents. Carmel Cos-
-1 metlc '0., 131 Post st.
JAW HENCE PATTERN HOUSE—
XJ cutting school. 1231 Market st..Det- Bth and 9th.
HAIBDR Ks.si 25c • AND 3£>c: MORNING
and ev'g classes; 10 lessons.-?! 50. 1248 Mission.
pUPILS WANTED NOW FOR MILLINERY:
X new term begin* Jan. 8, 1896. 234 Taylor st.
j po.VCERT. OPERA-POTPOURRI, GIVEN BY
\J \ ochl Teachor Joseph Cireven. In Odd Fellows'
Hall, on the Bth of January. 1896; tickets 50c, ad-
miiting gentleman and lady: for sale at the promi-
nent music and other stores.
D BESS-CUTTING taught, v. s. tailor
system. 14 McAllister st., rooras 67 and 68.
W ANTED- YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN "a
tt complete course in millinery; will guarantee
. them positions In spring: rates reasonable. Call at,
j the New Institute, 121 Post St., room 51.
I YyiNCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»t Market— F.lectric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: f"»e bus 10 and frpm the ferry.
I J)UPILS WANTED; POSITIONS GITAUAN-
i X teed ; patterns 25c up- latest skirts 35c. McDOW-
| ELL s Dressmaking Academy, 213 Powell st.
ULAX.E HKLF WA.NTKD.
WANTF.D-NEAT YOUNG COACHMAN ON
'» gentleman s ranch near city: must be neat
; and politu and. have references; $25 a month and
; ion nd. W. D. EWER CO., 626 Clay st.
. IXSEPH WEISS THE COOK PLEASE CALL;
I t» cook and baker ior coumrv hotel, CB5 for 2:
coachman for private place, 925; experienced
waiter for club, c. R. HANBEN A; CO.. 110 Geary.
ANTED - HOISTING ENGINEER FOR
; »' mine, Jf3 day; < iiok and wife for country ho-
| tel, $40: choi'eman lor country, $150 year; cooks,
•: waiters and others. Apply .1. i. CBOSIfiTT ,t CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
IEBMAN HOTEL COOK, $46; 3 CHOREMEN
w for ranches, .$6, f 8 and $10; sausage-maker,
$30 and found; 2 waiters,* s2s; short-order cook,
15. MURRAY <fc READY, 634 and 63 Clay st.
U INTENDE NT FOR AN' OBCHABD,
O vineyard, hay and grain ranch. MURRAY «fc
READY, 634 and 636 clay st.
WANTED— FRENCHMEN TO PLANT :
»t trees. $20 and found: young bellboy, $10; boy
to m Ik 1 cow and dochores; etc. LEON ANDKE,
I ,si!i Stockton st.
MAN TO TAKE CABE 2 HORSES AND
make himself usefc.l around private place;
compensation a good home and #5 per month.
Address Home, box 59, Call Office.
TAILOB WANTED. J. DOLD, 722 VALEN-
X ciaBt.
p OOD POSITION GIVEN EARNEST MEN ON
VT guaranteed salary. F. EASTEY, The Stan-
ford. fan Jose.
MAN TO COOK AND WASH DISHES.
Olympic Cafe. 28 Stockton st.
W ANTED— BOY BETWEEN 16 AND 20 FOR
tt oflice work. Address 0., box 92, Call Office.
Bl SHELM A N W A NTED. APPLY AFTER 9
a.m. 10 CHARLES LYONS. London Talior,
1212 to 1218 Marke: st.
I*7 BOOTBLACK AT 301 LARKIN
TT st.: colored man prtfjrred.
EAMEN FOR SYDNEY, NEW YORK AND
other ports. Apply 10 Steuart st., upstairs.
W ANTED— FOB U. S. S. PHILADELPHIA,
TT 5 machinists. Apply 419 East St.
\\T ANTED 1 v BTISI NU~ SOLICITOR.
fl Mission Mail Oflice, 1035 Howard.
2 GOOD CANVASSEBS FOR SHOW CARDS
— wanted. 9 Ueary si., room •_'.
W ANTED-A FIRST-CLASS DESIGNER AND i
" cutter on ladles' cloaks and dress js; reference
required. Addre n R., box 1, this otnee.
W A NTED— EXTRa"waITEK. 210 SECOND
'* street.
UT ANTED— A BOY TO DO CHOKES AT THE
Sheppard House, San Quentin, Cul.
T7IORE M A Iff A ON A RANCH BY AN
X elderly Scotchman. Address ior further partic-
ulars 11., box 20, Call Ofhce
EN 1 : i ETIC MAN WHO CAN GET AROUND
SJ before the middle of the day. 423 Spreckels
building.
OALOON PARTNER; PAYING CUSTOM; EX-
-0 perience not necessary; some money. 633
Howard st.
TpV^ BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE, VERY
.1 *J cheap. 624 Battery st.
GOOD alt BER-SHOP FOR SALE. APPLY
.301 Cusro St., cor. Twenty-fourth.
AKBEIt FIXTURES FOX SALE, WHOLE OR
p(ec. 1H66 Mission st.. near Thirteenth.
pOMPETENT MAN TO BUY A MILK STORE
V,' for $600 thai pays from *7B to $100 a month
clear: only about ? 350 cash necessary. M R .
box 59, Call OHice. ' . ■ <
IAA MEX T0 OET A SHAVE FOR 5 CENTS;
■ l Vv clean towel to each; bay rum free; huircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14y 2 Montgomery aye.
t>ABBEB-SHOP FOR SALE; RUNNING
■MJ 8 chairs. Siy 2 Fourth st.
W ANTED- RELIABLE .\i a N TO ASSIST 1N
»' plain cash business 8 hours per day; nxneri-
«iSn'S > .hSSSI I^ V? 7 ? per nioiltll nius: have
$150 cash. 873y 3 Market St., room 1.
W ANTED-DP.UMMEIT" FOR PLUMBERS 1
TT BUpply house. Must bo well acquainted with
Ban t» ra , nclsco trade or not wanted. Apply by let-
ter. DALZIEL .\: MOLLER, 554 Mission St.
YOUNG man want.-, WINDOW AND
J. liouse cleanm? In exchange for boaTd, or jani-
tor s work or Office-cleaning at low waiies. Ad-
dressß. .... box 16. Call office.
WIDOW WA N f WORKING PARTNER;
tt mnsl have »75. A. A., box 117, this office.
W ANTED— MA N WILLING TO WOBK;
TT must Invest $50. x., ho.x 131. this office.
WANTED-GOOD PEOPLE, SMALL CAPI-
tt tal. to dining-room; free rem. 227 Gear}'.
|> ARBER-8H0P; CITY FRONT; GOOD TRAN-
> > sient place: cheap rent. See STOLTZ, 630
Market st,
A BER-8HOP; DOWNTOWN; 3 CHAIRS
J-» and combluation case, etc.; 15c shaving; can
bebouxht cheap before the 10th. See STOLTZ,
630 Market st. ;
fSOO MIX TO <iKT A STYLISH AND" D ITR-
.V. ab!e sll<> '' ma ' le to ordrr at $2 50; repairing I
at half price. 839 Howard sr. __
■ YEW-WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
xy ihirrt and Fourth— furnished rooms per
day 1 5c up; per week $1 up; open all night.
i WAXTED-BIUUHT SALESMAN OF EXPF-
*.•-!• J't'nce. Allllr MARCEaU the fotografer,
bib Market St., s'a.ing at;e and references. .
r\B. HAKDCASTLE, DENTIST; REMOVED
____ to . bJ Montgomery st.; hours 9to ft.
MEN PO SELL MANHATTAN egg food-
■^ijjgi. 8 beBt - 1. KEHTELL, SanMateo. -
rpilE RAILROA D HOUSE, 533 COMMERCtXI
x st., below Montgomery— rooms 15c night
;. ..)<• tor two; teat and cleanest house in town.
O EST MEaI. ON i:\ H: WELL COOKED: 8
XJ courses, 10c. at Seattle Restaurant. 137 Fourth ',
JAN" WHO <\N LOAN EMPLOYER $300
J.ll can have good-paying position in general mer-
chandise store. Address box 255, Lodi. Cal.
W HAT CHEER SACUAMENTO
<m n , St i : oS Oroo ls: hPBt ln the city; Single rooms
J ' and 25c a inght, «1 a week: meals 10c
W i: Nl -M ESTK ItHOl SE, THIRD ST.. NEAR
t* 3lar,.ct; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night: rfcading-
room; free bus to and from the ferry.
Ijabbebs, AT'fENTION I-THE EMPLOY
rm^nVA en !i? mc of the Barl)(>rs> Association of Cali-
HA X Tan v *&'}£, "I; 11 funher notice with P. C.
HA. ann -.MBl-2 O'FarreU st; don't be mislead
'■> other advertisements. J. KLITCH, President.
ARBEBS-FOB EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
XJ re'.arv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
W , A . N ' TKI) ~ SIEX WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
li . . wagi age v to place accounts with us; law and
KSiTx mTI rt?', lo^ : nochar unless successful.
k.mlx COLLICC I lON AGENCY. 110 Sutter, r. 4.
j BARM A TBADB-LADIiSS AND GENTLE-
tooIs vrn" «" tS ntea : Ollly 8 weeks required;
Barber c^H.VnTfr i? r catalo San . Francisco
carper college, lib Eleventh st. :->:•:;:,■.-■
K'fnri 6 V'\ : HODB | : . 831 ELLIS ST.-SINGLE
11 furnishedjTaoma, 20c; si per week.
l()0 MK rV rO AXE lodging AT lOC,
6"Vw, tt ,h a " iBht - inclU(il coffee and rolls!
__ ashlngton st., near Kearny.
WANTED— MEN TO ''I^l HllTTr SHARP
TT steam beer. sc; bottle wine. sc. eOOCiayst.
Ai-^i? %-SOLlN(; 60c: LADIES' 40c: DONE
1U whlle wait. Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
L'stasto* "°. 1 '*/■' SIXT AND HOWARD-
XJ single furnished roonos: 7Sc week, 16c night.
1 . XA | UN A TK ADE-SIGN OR PICTORIAL
LFV P Y D n s. t U! L'" for » s Kreat opportunity. DT
LEV^j{sJ^ghth st., San Francisco.
I^AKIiERS' PROTECTIVK UNION EMPLOY-
JJ ment secretary. CONRAD troell. 657 Clay.
Tl r ante U LIA t KERS and mechanics
,1 'mm Ow that Ed Rolkln, Reno House propne-
or, still runs Denver House, 217 Third it. ; 150
]«rge rooms; 25c per night; *1 to $3 per weelt.
■"" '.'■ f ■; ■■•*■>
__^EJLP^V A^NTKp-Cont Inued .
W ' '^D-SINGLE^(X^7I^A"TvrYT9T
tt week; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
|?BEK E -f\Vo SCHOONERS FOi: sc;
X' alsoabottl tof lager. sc, at (JB7 Clay st.
-\t OZART. 319 ELLIS, ROOMS 250 TO 50C
JM. night. SI 26 to »0 week; reailins rooms.
T.-'REE COFFEE AND ROLLS. 704 SANSOME;
X' single rooms 15c, 20c a nitht, 51 a week.
BEST IN CIT j— SINGLE ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
a 25 c nts per nigl.t; «1, fi 25, *1 60 P »r weet
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
AIU\ MEN'S SECOND-HAN lihl'Miiii.s.MXME
IU \J nearly new. v!sc to $1 25. 561.' Mission St.
riIRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MAUKKT^T., P.E-
X low Sixth, for a room : 25ganlicht: 51 a week.
JUST OUT; NEW MACHINK FOR RKPAIR-
w Ing shoes: call and see; half-soled In IS min-
utes, done while you wait; all rj-palrins done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 562 Mission g:.. bet. First and Second.
At; KN 1 S \%a v T I> .
YV' ANTED^IToirS FIRST-CLASS LADY SO-
tt licitors to sell a new patented article pertain-
ing to lady's upparel ; never has been placed on the
market. For further informnMon cull a; 1724
Taylor St., Oakland, Cal. ; call from 1 to 6P. M.
WANTED -GOOD BOLICfTOB TO ACT AS
TT city agent for well-ea'.ablishel firm. Appiv
a: 1002 Polk st.
}7^ r KRGETIO AGENTS FOR A NEW AND
J-i fine bouse coal. Address Coal, box 163, Call.
pALIFOBKIA JIVTI AL BENEFIT n:rv
\J wants itood aeenu to work its accident and
Rick Insurance; liberal inducements ofl'ercd. J.
W. HANNA Secretary. Murphy building.
FTJRNITI'KK WANTKO
A BSOLUTELY H fG H L-prTiuCE PAID FOR
XV second-lmnd furniture and carpets by I.undy
Furniture Co., 813 Market St.; call or send pnstaL
pASH FSici PAID FOR FURNITURE. .Ia-
V> COB HWKBPT. 8a J Mission, bet. 4th & sth.
Hi-;, KRASKY. CARPETS. r; i>.,.. 5.
. folding, iron beds, furniture; low prices; CaL
trriiadiler mannfartd for th° trud^. 779 '.li'ulon.
— — — — — ____ __
HOUSES WASTED.
W" A NTED-K URNisHEIPHOUSE. 10 OR 12
TT rooms. In Western Addition. Address F. 11.,
bo.x 76, Call Oflice. '
KOO.MS WAXTKD.
WANTED— 2 OR 3 UNFURNISHED CON-
tt necin-j rooms, or O'.hern-ise, in home family;
sunny; with grnte; man and wife; on car route;
permanent. Address X., box 92, Call Office.
BoXiti> Fn"u~ \v~ax ku .
QV NNY ROOmTv IT If GOOD PLAIN BO ABD
I ' In companionable family, for invalid lady: do
objection to distance. Address, with terms, room
10, 927 .Market Bt. ■■- ■■
I'KOTKKIV WANXJSI*.
TF YOU LUCK TO SELL fROPEBI'Y PLE
X call at 462 Twelfth s;. 1 like to buy tor rash a
4-room house with lot, or empty Io in Oakland ;
not over $1000. G.. LUCAS.
PROPERTY WANTED — CHEAP CORNER
X business property; $30C0 to $20,000: give net
Income und location; no agents. Investor, box
89. Call Oflice. '
\VA> KMuXt— JiiiLi...i.A>tols.
\\ T ANTED— AN 81 OB 10 > DRAWEB I RH \N-
tt non cabinetletter file. Address, with p:ir;lcu-
Inrs, C. L., box 122, this office.
\\- ASTED— S»BCOND-HAN D SMITH PREM-
TT ler typewriter; muat b* in good order. Ad-
dres.s G., box 43, this oflice.
A DVERTISER WANTS SMALL STOCK OF
>-"»- merchandise; nms: be a bargain; small town
preferred. Address Cash, box 2, Call Office.
W ANTED— YOTJB WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
TT repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEUHS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third tlo.)r.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, LOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postal.
LOST,
T OST— SUNDAY^ JANUARY 5. episcopal
Xj prayer and hymn book: silver markers. Pleas 5
return to Call Office, or Sexton of Trinity Church,
Bush and Gough sts.
J OST —SATURDAY A. M., PURSE CON-
J-i talnlng money. JUeturu 11 EWln Park; re-
ward.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Saving and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name or Bessie Galvin (No. 167121). The
finder will please return to bank.
JAN. 3-YOUNU BLACK SETTER. WHITE
O spot undrrchln; will pay reward. 10 J5 Powell.
OST— DA KK-BROWN SPANIEL RF-
ward. Return cor. Kighteeuth and tehotwell.
I OST— A PASSBOOK WITH TMKHII! EIINIA
J Suvin(;.s and loan Society of .-an Francisco,
in the name of MRS. ALICE .1. COBGROVE, No.
191.691. The finder will please return to bank.
I OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE Hf BERNIA
J Savincs and Loan Society of San Francisco in
thenameof ELLEN N'VIIAN; No. 198,099. The
tinder will please return to bariK.
FOl'.M).
FOUND— BLACK SETTER DOgTX PPL^I6I3
Po:k st.
CLAIIIVOY ANTS.
A A A
A " WONDEFUL GIFTS."
CALL TH KM WHAT YOU MAY.
People of San Francisco as well as other cities
marvel at his power. Lawyers, speculators,
business men of all grades, ladies from every
walk in life together sound his praises for
the benefits they have received. His
parlors are always tilled with anxious
people seeking reliable information, and every
reply Is most gratifying; all are pleased: Pro-
fessor Eugene gives advice on business,
speculations, investments, love, courtship,
marriage and divorce: settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and
causps a speedy and hnppy marriage with the one
of your choice: he locates mines and buried I
treasures, tells of your friends and enemies,
removes evil Influences, gives advice per-
taining to lawsuits, locates and recovers
old estates: developing mediums a
specialty; the troubled and unfortunate should
seek his counsel: thousands of families long !
separated have been reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad "through his
truthful predictions: ho is the only clair-
voyant ou earth recognized by the
profession rs their brightest stnr: all persons un
successful in business, who seem to be unlucky,
1 should visit him. seek his aid and start aright;
thousands have become wealthy through
bis advice; he is ever ready "to assist
those with capital to llnd a safe und
good-paying investment; young men starting in
business will find it greatly to their advantage
to consult him on all matters Of iinuncial in-
terest to themselves. Professor Eugene
abould not Declassed with the many cheap
pretenders who infest cities and" bring
disrepute to the profession. Hts past successes in
matters of great import are a positive
guaranty of his power to perform the won-
ders that have made him famous. All
aro invited to call. Hours 9A.M.t08 P. m. ? ;
Letters with stamps answered. 1728
Market st., parlors 1, 2, 3 and 4.
I)ROF. LEON, THE RENOWNED PALMIST
J- clairvoyant: wonderful power; convinces yon
when others fail. 533 Post, 9to 8; nlso Sunday.
M E. MOKIAC. BEST MKDIUM; REVEALS
-L'-l past,present and future;2sc up. 764 Howard st.
MISS I. VINA AMERICAN, CI.AIIIVOV-
i'A unt and card re:r!er. 766V2 Howard st.
OTARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM.
kJ the cradle to tin; grave. Parlor 5. 8651/!. Market.
piUCSENT. PAST AND FUTURE, 25c. MME :
J^'-MiQETTE, 311 Tehama st., near Fourth.
"VT K. RAVENNA, SITTINGS DAILY:
•i-'X names given, 25c up; systems taught to play
races and sure tips given. 828 Howard.
EST CLAIRVOYANT AND CARD K K A R
on earth; ladles and gents, 25c. aotj Fourth st.
\ I Mi:. STEWART, GP.EAT CLAIBVO
J-'i and tardreader. seventh daughter of the sev-
enth daughter, has returned to her old rooms in
Ban Frai Cisco: ladles and gents 80c; call at once
as she is going East soon. 917 Market St., parlors
o and 4.
TV, I ME. DU. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC KEVEAL-
-l-'X er,by eggs and cards: tells entire life, p»st,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sure
help: restores lost lovo by sympathy; mistake im-
posslble; fee $1; letter ,5 4 J. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
UGU-TA LEOLA. FORTUNE TELLER;
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
ititure wife and husband; teaches fortune teiling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, e.tc: has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
pLAIKVOYANT — CARD ' READING, 50c
VJ 406 Octavla at.; formerly 128 Turk nt.
SlMKi'i' I A i>ls»ii.
\ WONDERFUL POWER OVER DISEASE;
-cJI Mrs. Dr. W. , Marandas' revealed medicines;
never fall in .rheumatism, paralysis, fits and nil
nervous, diseases, etc.; If you cannot call and seek
this wonderful medium write and inclose a lock of
hair and $1 for a correct diagnosis of your disease;
true life readme. . lß'2iy 3 Market St., o'pp- Van
Nebs aye., San Francisco, CaL :
TO-NIGHT— KATIE HEUSSMANN'S TEST
meeting. 793ste.venson,oT9th,10c; sitsdaily.9l.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIKVOYANT
trmce medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
________
BICVCLJES.
vvr INDSOR BicYCLEsT~STRicTLY HIGH
TT grade;. no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 A. L. BAN-
CROFT <fc CO., 324 Post St., a. F.
TJARK CYCIiBBT— NEW WHEELS TO LET;
-I best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Al Hater and Powell si.. c»r lines.
BEWI.NO MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED*-
rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
KEN TED $1 60 MONTHLY: SECOND-HAND
XV machines from $3 upward; Domestic, New
Home, White, Singer at half-price. 145 Biith st.
T'KItSON
WS BEG TO EXPRESS Ol It M -1 HEART-
»» felt thanks ro tin iployers or the South San
Francisco Packing Company and all Ihe kind
friends that have attended the fnnera of my dear
busbi 11 I. WILLIAM PAPE, also the Chosen
Freinds No. 19U, O. C. F.
His Bkbkavkd Wirm and Cmirn m,
JK. LANG I ■ WOULD I I 1:1: TO KNOW
O . the whi r.abouts of his siser; pr.sen: Dams
no: known: maiden name ROSE LANGILLE of
Bridgewaler, Nova Scotia, JOHN EXNIS LAN-
GILLE, i.st Howard St.. £an Francisco.
HARLES F. HI..«KI:!KN. K. M. AND
\ Mlntng Geolorlst, Weaverville, Trinity County,
Cal. Examines and reports on mining proper
Desirable quartz, gold and hydraulic placer mines
for sale.
lOHN >. JOHNSON (STONE-OUTTEK)— IF
•' you se» this, communicate with E. W. M.
EvANS, Petaluma. Cal.
DVICE FRKK; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
laws a specialty; suits. Superior, Justice aad
Police Courts: terms -.toilectlons, etc O
W. HOWK.att\v-at-la»-. 850 Market .cor. Stockton.
"piCI'URK FRAMING COMPLETE WITH
X glp.ss 7x9 inches. 10c; bxlO aud 10x12, 35c-
-11x14 and 12x16. 20c; 16x20, Me; 20x24, 45c!
J Ni:s 547 Mi.'sion st.
\V ANTED— IO EXCHANGE UNIN( \|.
»» bere<l lots for ho:is-> r<>nt north of Market st.,
In respectable neifhborhooJ. Call or addnss 321
Guerrero st.
QUPERFLUOUB HAIR REMOVED PERMA.
0 nently; painless; sample treatment free; hair
dressing, short hair cut, curled 26c: positive cure
fordandrurt. MMX. KKSSINGS. 181 l_rkln at.
t/nK FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
- WTRABBER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
DANCING FOX BALLROOM <>X BTAGE
taught at IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
Miss LOESEL, ELECTRICIAN. REMOVED
■i'J- trom cor. Leavenwortb and O'Farrell sts. to
40.' i/ 2 Geary st., room 3.
PARTING SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
.1 and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For puriicultrs address or apply 424
Pine st.
\\T \t.i. PA PER CIiBJ NKi. kv' NEW LIGHT-
•' niug prooess: no niusn or dirt. Address
LOU 18 E. BCHOLL, National Wall I'aper Clean-
ing Co 207 Montgomery st.
HAIR-DRESSINffANYSTYLE,2Sc, WAVING
included: excellent switches and front nieces
forsl: hair chains made to order from *2 50 up;
6lrictly one 1 rue- established 1869. 11l mockton
st. B. SPIT/., G. LEDE i.KKsuccm sor.
1 E. PHILLIPS, GENERAL PRACTICE IN
— J» I. s. and State conr.s; damage cases. Offices,
725-726 Sprei building, 927 Market st.
'HMK. II a \'i-. YOUR feather BKDS. pi u-
\J lows filled. 870 Mission, cor. oth. o. McC ABE.
O I A ROOM: CAKPis.TS i.KANI.D ON THK
tjp I floor. 206 Leavenworth St.
ELECTRIC 1.H.il is IN EVERI room— win-
Ckester House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 10 $6 per
week: trve bus to and from the ferry.
VI RS. M. 11. OBER. UEAPQUARTKRB <»X
i'l Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros underwear; Ober Corsets for stout figu es. |
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outtits: great reductions:
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
■J^EW PROGRESSIVE WINDOW ANDHOUSK '
-J-i c>anine Co. : floors scrubbed :contracts;dav.wk
or mo. F.CARNOVAI. .<: CO., Eddy. tel. 5."252.
T A VERITE HAIHDRESSING PARLORS
J-i moved to 30 Kearny st. (over Maskey's); wigs,
switelies. doll wigs, to oraer.
JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
0 Sutter st., between Stockton st. and Gran; aye.,
where :he oe;,t ot coal can b- had at lowest prices.
ONE MORE CUT— ~
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $33
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets fl7 60 up
Oilcloths und Linoleums 30c up
(stoves and Ranges $3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash 01 time payments. J. NOOXAX,
1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission st., abovo Sixth.
OY IT lAN#KEN NA, $1; lIAir.DYK. PKR-
j fectly harmless. Langley-Mlchaels Co.; ail
chemists; Hobbard's 923. Han p 1156 Market.
IBERAL a D VANCB.S ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
J^i elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
1 (\IU\ BUSINESS CARDS, $1 60: TELE-
XUUU Phone "Black 141." H1LL.7241/*, Market.
SUITS MADE TO ORDEB OF ELEGANT
remnnnts ior $10; samples and self-measure-
ment on application. LEON LEMOS, Merchant
Tailor, 1332 Market St.. Snn Francisco.
QECONJDThaND AS WELL as NEW BAR 3, !
O showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, desks, i
safes, chairs, scales, ei<-., and a very large stock of I
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be- 1
lore golnu elsewhere. J. XOOXAX, 1017, 1019,
1021, 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth.
OLD Bril.Di.Mi> BOUGHT AKO SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc. : cheap. Yard- 1 1 66 Mission st., near Eighth.
(D]O ITS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
*JP ——- NEUHAUS. Merchant Tailor. 115 Keßrny.
CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Sansome s:.. upstairs.
OLD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS' AND LAD l E -i
clothini boueht. COLMAN. 41 Third St.
i)i:i:y)MAKi;us.
DRE-SES CUT AxirFrrYErrVirTDßFTss^si
popular prices: waists $3. 11 Geary st.
R ESSES, $2 AND UP; WRAPPERS. 35c
and up. 50)34 Xatorua st., upstairs.
UITS $3; SKIRTS 75c; CHILDREN'S SLITS
O $1 up. 559 fclevenson St.; fit guaranteed.
T>KOFKSSc R LIVINGSTON'S DRESS-CUT-
X tint; school removed to 6U7 larkin st. ;'-'•
LODGIXG-HOIiSKS rOK SALE.
Q£ t }z.r\ 52^0rrr?7777?rr?rrr77r. . ... . .
«3r— O\f. $250
*250 CASH: BALANCE...
easy payments: 19-roo in house; price $850
18 rooms; best corner In city 1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st. „. , , 850
60-room hotel, with bar: 40 boarders 3,500
20 rooms, sunny corner: must sell 700
32 rooms to exchange for real estate 1.6'J0
1(1- room house: very central 250
$50,000 to loan on furniture,
H. C. DECKER, 1206 Market St., cor. Taylor.
\rOTICE 000 LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE;
-i-> from *150 to $5000. STRAND A CO., 45 ihmi.
or: room lodu ing-house, DOING good
OO business, for city real estate: would assume
mortga c; or sell cheap on account of affliction.
865 V = Mark* t St., room 9.
*•>( • 1 A TER - NICE SUNNY BAY-WIN-
-Ul'i do.v fiat; garden ana back yard; modern;
$ie,
Hi > USE OF 8 ROOMS: ALL RENTED: NEW-
-U- ly furnished: bargain. H-, box 77, Call.
JODG ING- HOUSE, WITH FRUITSTORE:
-i cneap: easy lerms. 3129 Sixteenth st.
(£>r«X/\ 19 ROOMS; RENT 40; INCOME
7^\Jr)\J . $100; all rented and all conveniences.
3U3 Third st.
ri UMTLKK FOX SALE.
T^AItPETS^ FoTdING^BEdI LOUNgIeT^X^
\J oti-iable, icechest. 323 Scott St.. cor. Oak.
T>KDUCTIONSON LARGE 'JTOCK, XEW AND
XX second-hand; 400 carpet good aa new; oil-
cloth, 25c: parlor suits, $19 up: linoleum, 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $14 50: cornice poles, 25c:
ian.;es. $6: cash or Installments; goods • shlppdJ
free. T. li. NELSON, 126 Fourth st.
TTiOR BARGAINS IN FURNITURE AND AR-
r tides of every description. D. McRAE, 829
Mission st.
A ROOMS. OAK FURNITURE COMPLETE. SBO
t: Klegant Brussels carpet laid 45c
Heavy Linoleum laid 400
Floor Oilcloth .20c
New Bedlounges. our own make $ 5 50
SHiItEK A- sill RKK. 1310-12 Stockton. nr.Valjo.
CARPKT vAMSG.
JK. MITCHELL CARPET < LEANING CO., 240
• 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
/-IARI-TS THOROUGHLY CLEANED AND
\J renovated same as new. 8. FERGUSON at
CO.. 23 Tenth su Telephone number, south 36.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatinz works. 463 Stevenson ; tel. south 228.
ITY si KA.M CARPKTCLEANING.RENOVX
ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
TVJATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND REVO-"
1> vating Works HAMPTOXiBAILLY: lavlnz
iind alteriner. 313-315 Guerrero; Tel. Mission 244.
\\TIIEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» » poor work send to SPAULDING'S PioneerCar-
ret Ke.itins Works, 353-7 Tehamat tei. So-40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING AVOKKa. 6ii
\ J <;old *n (iatn flvc. : telephone faar. 126.
_______
I>KXTISTS\
DR. GEORGE W. LEJEKT'THifi
' I.erk dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell St.
PAINLESS i.N TRACTION; 50c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R.L.WALMI, D.D.s., Sls:i; lieary.
A SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PT.ATTt
DR. H. G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. yLXTK -
IU{. II H. SHAW, 221 KKAItNY -BRIDGE-
— work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. MEYER, LATE OB 148 SIXTH ST RF-
moved to 1012 Mission, near Sixth: pas giwn.
DR. T. CRANZ-EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth witliou;
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
f 1 ROOM K 1 j KNTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
ker. bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reU-
able agent for Painless extraction: artincial teetb,
inn $5; nulngafrm $1: 50c. with gassl.
ffl»<7 A set for teethTTvXrrXnted AS
"P !i go 2lf s ,r CaI L be made: «lling«l. DR. SIMMs,
dentist, 9SO - liirlc "' et.. next Baldwin Theater.
I\R. LUDLUM 11i1.i., 1443 MARKET ST.T
■V near Eleventh \ no charge for extracting when
piates are made; old plates made over like new
te.-iii from $8 per set: extracting s<ic: gas given.
pOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MVK-"
y ket st. Dll. CHARLES W. DECKER.
T\n. J. .1. LEEK, 1206 MARKET. CO r7c?OLDEN
J-^Uau.- aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AXD WAB7
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
nHEArESTAXD BEST IN AMERICA-THB
" ttKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
L nited States or Canada one year for ijsl SO, pest-
-fietree.
nrsiNKss chaxokn.
• . f\it RAR-Yc 1 i"a nck/spro u ce^Xnd
>*lIW. dairy business; old ostublisiieil: good
tr»<le: prollts #125 s month; can be Improved.
! JOHNSTON. 201/s K'e;ir .n -t. _
_ KnnBPABTif _K» WANTED IN LIGHT
• >mil. buslneM; carried on by ureseni owner
over 11 years; trade of Ihe lei'dlng mercantile
houses of {lie city; b-^tnvss to be eniarged and pays
now *80 to ;i:ii a m intli each ; tb.li Is worth inves-
Ugatlrg; exj.eriejn not necessary. JOHNSTON A
CO., ■•■■ -j Kearny ■1. .
C* if\(\ paying city route with
11111, t>oO customers: cleanns: over $75
monthly; wtek'.i trial. JOHNSTON, 26i<s Kearny.
W ANTED-RELIA lil.r. MVN AS PARTNKIt
•» in crocer-r and oar; must have *400 cash; no
risk. JOHNSTON, art Va Kearny st.
*.•>-!, FINE SALOON: KIM. FIXTI
'•»•'''• arge stock at a sncrillci or. acrnunt of
sickness; pan caal JOHNSTON, 26V» Kearny.
C* ZlZiI I PARTXJBH WANTKD IN BUSIXI"->H
•'•' '■ t'l.l' will pay to < ach from 5300:0*450
per month: iboroUKh iuvrstl ation allowed: mv '
b- able 10 keep plain accounts: uaruurrierl "ihii
\tei: rred. JOHNSTON <S CO., 26'/s Kearny st.
TO SELL A BUSINESS OF ANY kTnT)UUICK
-I for cash see STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
<17"\ RESTAURANT, ai lo< ation ;
'_ "i ' •-»• pays well ; must sell on ouol of de-
parture: great bargain. >ikani>, 4S Third st.
Q'JXfJ SALOON MEN ATTENTION; OLD
>i?OO\J. established ialoon; i;n well: aitu-
ally worth $(500. STRAND it CO.. 46 Third st.
017' branch BAKERY, .< ROOMS;
Qi i'). cod trade; baigaln. STRAND, 45 Bd.
(UMt.NKII UKOCEtt) AND BAR: BARGAI N
v^ 11 sold this week. STRAND, 45 Third st.
>,";(\ WOOD AND COAL YARD, HORSE,
«v. fj\r. 2 wagons: centrnl: mint sell, best of
reasons. BAHRI 11 <fc -ki i 863»a Market.
]> AKERY, COFFEI PARLOR: VEla-~BICST
J-» loi-ation; finest fitted-up place In city: hasverv
lHr_T cnuntcrand outside trade: positive guarantee
from (iun>r as to uinouni of busln trial uniil
satisfied: owner has 3 places; must sell one at sac-
rifice. STENBERU _ TREIBER, 632 Market St.,
opposite I'alnce Hotel.
0 Y"»O P A BTN ER RESTAURANT AN' I>
*3)U'J\J. chophouse near transfer point: bic day
ana night trade; Kuu.iit^e clear $75 monthly:
full Investigation; trial before buying. STEN
BEBQ TJUCIBKR, 683 Market st. "
C? 900 KKSI At JIANT NEWLY FITTED
•r-" l '« up: rent and water taken out in board;
no nljrbt or Sunday work; recelp-s $10 daily: biif
bargain. BTE.NBKRU TREIKEit, 632 Market st.
~O 9nnO WHOLKHA commission meb-
>VrW. chant of god s'.aiiriinK and reputa-
tion wants partner In j.rodu. »• and commission
bouse: controls large trade fron all points ol thf
I'acllic L'oaat; griwiil opwiinis for nonie Indiistrlous
man; guarai c-lear f?0O mo-ith: rhhiiceln a
lifetime. BTENBERU4 1 Ma larkel i»t.
•VrOTICE HAVING a^HEVERAL BUYERS
— willing to Invest :n leglilm;tf.«. NMlacaaVJtsnica
desiring to sell apply to HEALY A ':'/ , 'i'A Keamjr.
inn routk iFORiBA LKj HORBBIAND
"i''U. light wagon: cl^ai «7'i to ?<JO per
month: trial given. HKALY. •/.; K'xrnv st.
QOfjA PARTNER IN CO N Til AC T I N( I
*Ii OUU. business, to attend oflic- »n<l COQectiDZ.
HKALY, 23 Kearny st.
Qj^'A FIRST- CLASS HOMI BA KEUY,
iJJtJU. with all-counter trade of ?16 to $_'D per
day : No. 1 location: living-rooms furnished ; trial
given. BARRETT .v SKIFF, 866 1 _. Market St.
V  , , |400... •
i35-±Uu $400
Ri ■- aurant, clearing .?ICO per month.
Apply to DECKER, 1206 Market strtet.
T7-.08 »ALE OR EXCHANGE—
J corner saloon; best location in city: establish^
over 30 years; line fixtures and large stock:
would 1 lc" to exchange for ran^li or city property-
Address H. F.. box til. Call Office.
GROCERY AND BAR FOR SAJ.E.-INQUIRE
1783 Mission, rornrr Fourteenth.
A TTENTION LIQUORMKK. '
; V French liquor-store, corner, in Western Addi-
tion; established years; must b.- sold In 3 days;
sickness; tix u res, etc., $500: stock at cost. fur-
tlculars 533 California st., I'hiEnlx Bar. WILKE.
BUTCHER-SHOP: DOINCMfOOD BUSIN E SS •
■IJ must be sold. 607 Ellis st.
111I 11 BALE— BUTCHER-8 IN FLOUK-
J. isiiins; country town, 40 miles from city: <loi:n;
large business: icehouse, horses, wagons, etc.
REIDY A CO., 131/2 Sixth st.
AVIIKN YOU ARE DIBUTJSTED WITH Ollu
'» ers and want to buy or sell your business give
lisa trial. REIIJY A CO., '.::•■ {, Blxth st.
s^-;->" b"rancii BAKERY, CANDY. sta-
yp*d*dtJ, tionery store: 4 living-rooms; renl $18;
no agents. 3tl 1 ... FlfUi St.
flj^rJl l'Aitr.\Ki; IN I'avi.m; s a LOON;
»f)i.i;u,o\vner desires to connect athletic de
partment with it; safe investm -'.i< . 632 Market
St.. room 8.
ESTAURANT TO LET, Wlili COMPLETE
outfit; best location in the city; must be ex-
perienced man. Address s.. box 2, Call Office.
ARDWARE-STURE. NEW AND SEOND-
hand, at half price, or lots to suit; call imme-
dlately; a bargain. 646 Mission st.
MAN WITH $300 IO $500^IN a FIRST"
class business; j rjh:s from 828 to $50 per
week. Address M.. box 18, thU office.
OLD ESTABLISHED COFFEE SALOON A^li
restauiant for sale. Apply 223 Montgomery hv.
(»OOC BRANCII BAKEKY AND CIIDICK
'. —_ O. groceries; living rooms partly fur-
nished; a bargain. Call at store. 921 J 3 Howard si.
QIAA RARE CHANCE FOR A YOUNG
A"'V/. man; peddling route with general mer-
chandise, etc., In s thriving country town near Ban
FrancUco; established five years; can be largely
Increased; owner invalid. Address T., box BH.
this office.
T WANT A SMART. ACTIVE MAN. MUST
X be a hustler, as par rer: must have $2000 ca<h:
going to Honolulu and New Zealand; business
pays $20,000 per year clear profit. Address H. .].,
box 94. this office.
Q ALOON FOR SALE; GREAT BARGAIN;
0 low rent. 734 Fourth st.
ALOON FOR SALE; TRANSFER CORN
Inquire 791 Mission st.
ARTNER WANTED IN ESTABLISHED
horseshoeing business with small capital. Ad-
drfss Horseshoer. box 79, this office.
RUGSTORE FOR A PAYING BUSl-
nesj, in good locality: fixtures complete and
rent low: but small capital necessary; we must
sell. Address M. N., care of Call Office. Oakland.
ALOON FOR SALE: CHEAP. 427~FOURTH
street.
l/mUIT AND PRODUCE BUSINESS; GOOD
X horse and w agon : family and transient trade;
cheap rent. T«*4a Market St., cor. Gough.
Q^fMl SALL.CN, ON ACCOUNT OF IMME-
<lpyv/Ui diate depanure; fixtures worth $1300-
-no agents wanted. Apply 541 California st.
BAKERY. INQUIRE S. A. DREHER, PARK
house.N cor Mission and Twenty-fourth sts..
from 9 to 12, room 40.
AKERY, WITH HORSE AND WAGON;
±J baking over 21/2 barrels, is to sell as soon as pos-
sible for reasonable price. Inquire Call office.
VI UST BE SOLD BY FEBRUARY I—2 EX-
■I'A press- wagons; stand cor. Sansome and Sutter.
J. G. FREDERICKS, owner.
\\r ANTED- PARTNER WITH SOME CAP-
'» ital, lady or gent, in light paying business. Ad-
dress A. M. ROSS, P. O. box 1032, San Jose, Cal.
©QflO STOCK COMPLETE OF 21-ACRK
<!?«""• poultry ranch near Frultvale; long
lease; low rent. 34 Donohoe building.
OUSE— ROOMS: MODERN IMPROVE-
ments: opp. Garfieldsq. Apply 121b Treat ay.
ESTAURANT, WITH BAKERY; RESPECT-
abIe natrons. Apply on premises, 416\ 2 Ellis.
WELL-ESTABLISHED CITY NURSERY,
'» cheap. 510 Howard st.
T>IG HAKIiAIN IN A RESTAURANT IN ONE
-L» of the best country and railroad towns in the
State; best location; good reason for selling. Ad-
dress Bargain, bo.\ 109, Call Office.
VOR DBUGSTORE IX THE DOWN-
-I town business portion of this city. For par-
tlculars apply to -MACK „ CO., 11 Front st.
TV"ANTED-TO PURCHASE ANn ESTAB-
'» lished Republican newspaper in California
county seat. Address Newspaper Man, box 1«6,
this office.
ARTNER ANTED TO IXVEST $2000 IX
prolitable manufacturing business; large 3'ock;
no debt. Address L., box 18, Call Office.
1/<OR RENT— HOUSE AND 3 ACRES OF GAR-
X! deu landat Melrose: rent $&00. CC, 42 Turk.
THIRST- CLASS SALOOX FOB SALE; LOCA-
— tion; trade: lease. Particulars adaress F. c.,
box lly. Call Office.
NE OF THE BEST PAYING MILLINERY
stores in town 01 12. ( 00 inhabitants In South-
ern California, for sale at n bargain; exceptional
opportunity. Kor 1 art iculars address R. L. TOP-
LITZ & CO., B4C Market at. ■
RARE CHAACE. FOX MAX AND WIFE
with a tow hundred dollars to secure a well-
established and paying business; living rooms at-
tached: see owner on premises. 603 Stanyon st.,
corner Hai£ht; no agents.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR AN INVEST-
ment of about $50,000 in safe commercial
business. Address R. D.. box 43, this office,
<3!'-}nfin route for sale; evening
'IDOUUU. paper: pays 150 per month. Apuly
this office.
IiOfJS r !s.
HORSES PASTURED: $2 A MONTH: GOOD
care mid feed ; send for circular. The llvia
ranch. 630 Commercial st.
1 tn SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
X UU ness: also wagons, buggies aud horses:
contracting outnt: sand wcgonaand scrapers. ll'.'S
Mission st.
DrTc. h. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY
geon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 181 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
Af\ HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAOOV-f
I 1U buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horn
Market, 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every WuinA.!
day, SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
1 flfl SET 3 SECOND-HAND HARNESS- ALIT
X\)\) kinds; second-hand wagons, buf W eir.
»l»o 20 cheap lioraes. Fifteen??- and v"«ncuVH:
WAtiO>-> A.MJ J-AKRIAGES.
Tk "'ELEGANT SPIDE^^HAEToST^VWtT^
JtX. has been used for 2 months, will be «>m Vns
half its original value. For further Information in
quire at 32 O'Farrell st., room 5. rlnlormat 'on In-H HOUSES TO LBT.
I TOKE^AND irii()6MS~ANir HOUSE OF 6
O rooms at 2S Nutonia st. Apply BALDWIN ifc
HAMMOND.
HOUSE: 8 ROOMS; IN GOOD CONDITION;
. 518 Howard st. Apply P. C. MOLLOY, 138
Montgomery.
o*l 9 LOWEB FLAT. ■< JANE PLACE, OFF
•j* I— . Pine s'.. near Masou.
UNNYJ CORNER FLAT, 7. BOOMS, BATH;
■ rent *27 60. 333 Hal«bi --.. or. Webster.
OC TWENTY-THIRD. NEAR HAMPSHIRE—
— O 6 rooms; bath; yard; rent 917.
<rJ9r house" of g LARGE sunn"y ROOMS
'_—•'• and bath. 624 Ellis St.: water free.
St. 72 JUNIPER, OFF
O i. Folsom. bet. renih and Eleventh.
,-•>, , REDUCED FKOM S4O: NICE MODERN
•>'". home of 8 rooms. Apply 13 Grant aye.
OUSE OF 6 KOOMS AN D iiA 111 AND
yard; 147 Valencia si.: rent $16. Apply 2888
Ission.
AY ED— DOLLARS. NICKELS
by rent'.iur a bouse from BALDWIN «S HAM
IKINI' 10 Mi»n:-joru--iy si.
COITAISES TO LET.
C- \ H HATH. 1 -TKXISII-
-\J ed or unfurnished, cheap. 2521. McAllister si.
Q'j'.^^COTi'AtJE OF 4^ SUNNY BOOMS,
• „ I — . hall, basement. large yard, chiekeu-house.
121 Eureka St., nr. Blgbteenth.
"OTXNV COTTAGES ol* 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
0 batn. -• luent and yard. 534 16th, nr. Dolores.
TmVK!.\ cott (Tk7 WITH V A X 1 1, flow.
1 . it<: only y-JQ. r<PECK <fc CO.. 602 Market si.
<^i r -\i\ I 'HEAP COTTAGE: 11 RUSSELL
C •'.«)»'. St., nr. cor. Hyde-and Union.
1 ~U)TTAGE: FOUR ROOMS; ?9. 327 CUMBER-
yj land, bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
QUXNY COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS; BATH, FLOW-
C? <r cnrdeii: l(X'aiioii lino: 920. 742 Capp st.
FLATS to let.
\'l >\ \ ITKKFi.ATOK.MtnoMSAMiKATJH:
N staiionary tubs, yard and cellar: stable if de-
sirable; n-nt n-duccil. 17 Sharon st-, bet. Fifteenth
jirni sixteenth, Sanchez and Chorch. >
i{l[|] OAK NEW FLAT; 4 SUJSNY-ROOMS,
•yJ X. bath and basement.
091 HOWARD— FLAT OF 4 ROOMS AND
"—1 bath.
9 A 7-209 BSTJ B— SUNNY FLATS OF 6
— '' • and 7 rooms; newly renovated; r«?nt reas-
onahle.
"TrOOm" UPPER FLATV 1622 FEIL.L ST.,
'r near Lott; new; modern- bath, eto.
1 i{')\ TURK ST.— NICE UPPER FL.AT. 6
1 \J— .O rooms nnd bath, $20; lower tia; , £ rojnm
and bath, 18. Apply O. H. UMBSEN <fc CO., 14
gomery st.
• > 1 jl PAIR OAKS ST.-lIANDSOME* NEW
— -L"i"'i lower fliit; 5 rooms and bath; 9\'i 50; sun
all day. I.M BSEN, 14 Montgomery st.
LII.V A\K.. nr. Bl UHAN an ST.— NKW
upper flat : 6 rooms and bath 920: suioiy. G.
H. UMBSEN «fc CO., 14 Montgomery st.
Q] 9 ~ UPPER FLAT —.M ROOM 8; BATH.
Q.l —. 109 Ridey st., near Valencia.
Ql'") J-'UT 4 BOOMS, HALL AND YARD.
C-J- — ■ 444 Clementina st., near Sixth. p \- . »:
|Q7I aAIGHT.NJ FILLMORE— 4
"iO I 'i sunny rooms, basement: rent $11.
V" EW FLAT, 6 RoTTms. WITH BATH: NEW
-i-> improv. 2936 California at. ; $201
• BAY-WINDOW ~s unn y flats ;
— newly papered, 5 and 7 rooms; 318 Shotweil
M. 130 Church st.
".Tn f.w. ELI GANT, sunny, UPPER corner
<U flats of 6 rooms and bath. 1232 Eighteenth st.
2SUXSI FLATs: 3 ROOMS EACH. 37
{Jd. Dore st., oflt Harrison, near Ninth.
SNY, MODERN 6-ROOM FLATS. 914
Capp St., rear I enty-fourth.
VINE BASESIENT "FLAT 5 BOOMS; YAJID;
X cheap. 724 Central aye., near McAllister St.
TfpPEtl FLAT: SHOTWELL ST.; 6 ROOMS
U handsomely pupc-red; bath; basempnt: quiet
home for eld people; ?23; water free. Apply down-
stairs. -
\ E\V SUNNY FLAT— « BOOMS, BATH;
- N ro:its2s; water free; modern conveniences.
702 Clayton St. ' -.<*-..
Ci REST— f] AND $10; B BOOMS AND
bath nnd S rooms. 841 Valencia st.
VM.AT, 6 SUNN Y~~KOOMS, $20; COTTAGE,
J rooms, ?15. Key 1708 Byde st. _^
i I N E SUNNY UPPER i LAT; 7 ROOMS, BATH,
and improvements. Corner Oak and Scott sts.
1 LAT OF 6 SUNNY ROOMS, YARD. $14; ALSO
sunny cottatre, i rooms, yard, cellar, $1 1 Sec-
ond st., near 'i'own&end.
YEW CORNER FLAT OF 8 ROOMS, BATH
-^' and every known conveniem 1289 Finest.
VLAT— UPPER J-LAl ■(>;•• i SUNNY ROOMS ,
J and bath: 1262 Eighteenth st. : rent $13: new
building. BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND, 10 Mout-
gomery st.
OfQ SUNNY UPPER 3-ROO3I FLAT. 622
'JiO. Howard st.. neur First. ■
"oIjNNV.FLAT S BOOMS; GARDEN; ALSO
O one 1 rooms, Lath : ?13 .in 1 $16. 1706 Post. St.
"oT^ FLAT OF 6 LARGE SUNNY BOOMS
•_'•'• and bath; water free. 81-i Nineteenth '
.«t , lirt. N te and Sanchez.
Q]STTLaT OF 5 LARGE SUNNYROOMS
• 1 •>. and bath; water free. •_:> I"ord sr., bet.
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Noe and Sanchez.
LKOANT NEW I I A T>. SEVENTH ST., BL-
low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath : (f Bto 16.
YKW SUNNY UPPER FLAT; CASTRO
-».>. cable; 6 rooms, bath; iyifi, was ?22; see photo-
graph. -. D HOVEY. 508 California st.
DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
0 by rentintr a flat from BALDWIN & HAM-
MO.ND 10 MontgomiTy st. .
HOU.SHKKKMNG KOOIUS.
lara Street.
1(\ CLARA. NEAB FOURTH— 3 FURNISHED
IO rooms: bath: for housekeeping.
9ft;; LARA. NEAR SIXTH— 4 NICE SUNNY
— '»«J rooms; only 910 50.
Dore Street.
1 ]X DORE— 4 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS UN-
XMO furnished; rent $10.
Kddy Street.
7 Q EDDY— FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
IJ-w rooms.
Kills Street.
On ELLIS — 3 LAR G E CONNECTING
• 4J,\J rooms; partly furnished for housekeeping,
1 ifth Street. ~~~~
QO' FIFTH ST.-2 AND 3 UNFURNISHED
•»«-«-* rooms; 37.aud $10.
1- iii Mini r«?et.
1 9QQ FOL.SOM, NEAR NINTH — $11; 3
X^,OO rooms.
Fourth street.
|Q1 FOURTH — NICELY FURNISHED
101. rooms for housekeeping; private family;
chfap rent. - T
Geary SLreet.
]<i| I GEARY, OPP. THE PARK- fl8; AI,-
-'•II cove suit- and ad.ioii:ini; room, with i>or-
ca.aii gink; bath: Sclost-ts: partly furmstied.
1017 GEARY —PA LOR, B E RO O
. 1 ' J1 ' • mnK-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
i btds; all necessaries: $24.
'■oliien Gate Avenue.
80°» GOLD KN GATE AYE.- RG SUNNY
wu foonis, suitable for housekeeping.
Harrison Street.
JQQ B ■ N-KItFh EN, 3 BEDROOMS
t»-p« UTO a i 1 « nath: faMl >«hed for housekeeping; on
tne Rame Hoor; rent $lh.
J i) I 0 11 -^^^7n"k.twelfth-6 rooms
J \JX \J furnished for liouHckeeping; all sunl)y .
UoWitiil Street.
OU ' Ann -- VNV FROST llOUSE-
ll^^Keeping rooms; bath.
> tNISHED BOOMS, WXHTt OB
wtefSSuy housekeeping. 1121% Howard st!; pn-
Jessie street.
433 ho:i1! E ' «E.VrT~OF -VIXT-2 NICE
-_!i^J^^_pli_rooma; also single; cheap.
-Murk.-! htreet.
] ijOB -^"KKT-rTMrK ROOMS; FUR-
±ll^£ji«Jied for housekeeping. -
Alii hter Street. , ~
340 r^n,= LI T v, EU - FURNISHED
_____i^°^s^_wUh_- without housekeeping.
408 ;'!. c r ALLI STER-3 AND 6 UNFINISHED
and bath; gas; yard.
6191 n!;,V; LISTj - R - I ' ARO SUNNY, FUR-
ho u»eVeepln c . eh^ m> wilh every convenience for
Mission ~
815 furHth^""" 1^ 0 I ' ARG SUNNYROOMS
toiJeu n - lhile<l complete for housekeeping; bath;
838 ■ KEEPING BOOM 8;
■^^r^h^wUhjftVfcQ-thlng; $6,sBamcnth:
\j2ol ni»h^°- N ' -'• ' "MI'LETELY FUR-
cI »«I»»bMII«SSS hoUbeke >ln * room 8; ex-
-1055 douti^? ' '^"^SKAUflFUL . FRONT
keeping. ooub ' c Priors; newly furnished; house- [
Niiith street.
°02rSl- p^AT OF* SIX FURNISHED ,
llg^te__: housekeeping: low rent. "
°*k Street. ~~
48 «io^ a w^ CXN * 1SH ED SUNNY rooms, i
• lil^e jooics.?B; very convenient. -.
3"9 h!)X%b!?~ H ROOMS i-ort ]
-— iz: Jadv'n bo n . Ken for rent. <
on™ c !Slxteent »» Street: ~~~
?^2ggSgj*-jsb£ HOWARD - 2 n
rornitJied, housekps; flO. |-I
<
HOUSJKJI^EEPINO^ ROOMS - Continued.
South I'arK. ~-~~~~~~_
■I A SOUTH PARK-SUNNY FURNISHED
xw rooms for housekeeping: rent reasonable.
Stockton Street.
1 TAO STOCKTON-2 LARGE ROOMS FUR-
xi Uil nished complete for housekeeping: rent
«T 1 1 ■
Vallejo Street.
1 9'^9 1 VALLEJO — FURNISHED ROOMS
x^O^ia for light housekeeping.
Van >'ess Avenne.
1091 VA> *"ESS, NEAR GEARY — TWO
- 1 - v - r ' taJ x adjoining rooms: hot and cold water; new
house; rent low. ' >?■?■;■-
I i(\({ AX XKs-, aye.-eleg antly fur-
XttV7<J nlshed parlor, piano; use of kitchen.
. \A'a9liinEton >treet.
'^09. WASHINGTON— SUNNY UNFURNISH-
»>\'_ od ImiisPkeepiii); rooms; running water.
KOOIUS TO LE'l.
■ , >:tldy Street.
9Q EDDY-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
— o single and double; terms reasonable.
"1 I Q lUiDV^SCNN^Y BOOMS, NEWLY FUR-
X J.O iilshed. $5 up: also few light housekeeping.
XOA EDDY— FURNISHED ■ ROOM; LARGE
OO\J closet: running water; grate; $9.
/'I Q EDDY— LARGE, NICELY FURNISHED
\)l.'J bay-window and sunny back room.
i:il Street. , — — -
Q1 7 ELLIS - NICELY FURXISHED AL-
Ol I cove: sincles; double; $8 up; lighthouse-
keeping.
U.}- ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
_«J ny parlors and troni room; reasonable.
Kf erett Street.
n i EVERETT-SUNNY BINOLK FURNISH
U'rr .■,! room, $4 pcx mouth.
..Fifth Street. " ~
Q9X FIFTH-CLEAN FURNISHED ROOMS;
>_• > pfl to - ■•-
-31 FIFTH BUN NY FRONT ROOMS AND
Xfciwa kitchen furnislied for housekeeping; cheap.
'Folsom Street.
89H FOLSOM, NR. FOURTH-FURNISHED
O— \.i sunny rooms, $1 a week.
' Garden Street.
n GARDEN ST., XR. DEVISADERO-4
_ rooms, $10; all modern Improvements. '
lioldeu Gate Av'cnuo.
99Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.-2 NEWLY FUR-
—.— •' n., lied front connecting rooms.
OOA GOLDEN GATE AYE.-SUNNY FRONT
tJOI/ room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private family:
reasonable.
<-<m|rli Street.
n9A GOUGH— SUNNY SUITE OF ROOMS;
Il*<U furnished or uufurnishfd; references.
ll:ijes Street.
700 HAYES-nANDSOME PARLOR SUITE
1 iJO or other rooms; dresser attached.
' Hickory Avenue
QQQ HICKORY AYE.— 4 ROOMS AND BATH.
000 Inquire 601 Hayes st.
Howard. Street.
QXQI HOWARD — HOUSE CHANGED
i/OOS hands; newly renovated top to bottom.
TJiINELY FURNISHED FRONT, ALSO HOI 8E-
X I keeping room. 704 Howard.
liyde Street.
HYDE-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
tl\JO front- room.
I ' ! ". X 1 SI 1 1 : 1 ) lU)OMS, SINWLE OR EN
J suite: sun all d«y; housekeeping if necessary.
SOy Hyde St., nr. Sutter.
Jones Street.
9 7 JONES — TriE VAX WINKLE: NEW
«-' ' I manacement: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to S3O.
Kearny street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARN Y-PLEA9-
XX saa sunny rooms, en suite and single; nrstclasj
in every respect; terms reasonable.
Market Street.
1 AT (\ MARKET, ABOVE SIXTH. IN REAR—
X.U.L O Light, airy, sunny furnished rooms; cheap,
\TOBEMITH HOCSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
x Bixtb and Se\-enth— Single and suites; per
ni;!n, 35c to SJ : week. $1 50 to S5; families.
I"I 99 MARKET— NICELY FURNISHED
J-l^ suites; also single rooms; $2 to $6 week.
"1 OAti MARKET— THE MONARCH— SUNNY
J-*J'±.\J fnrnislied rooms single or en "suite; all on
first floor; from $6 upward. :
UNFUBNIBHED BOOMS. 1812 MARKET,
*J Van Xess House: sunny and large.
3lason Street.
9 MASON. NEAR MARKET— ELEG ANTLY
furnished sunny front room; 1 or 2 gents.
' TT7 MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
"T-L • front snites, suitable for doctor's office,
QAQ MASON— SUITE OF NICE FURNISHED
O"O parlors with grate and running water; pri-
vate family: $20 a month.
.McAllister Street.
A] 9 MCALLISTER (FLAT I)— FRONT BAY-
jI- window unfurnished suite; also single fur-
j nished room.
211ssion Street.
(\1 Q MISSIOM-NICELY U RNISH EI)
UJ.O rooms, 15c to 50c per night, $1 to $2 a
week.
Ij>UROPE HOUSE. 1169 MISSION— NICELY
J furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
3losa Street.
1 Q MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH—
xO 2 furnished rooms for house Keeping. •
Minna. street.
179 MINNA ST. -NEATLY FURNISHED
J.I- rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
C'Ctn MINNA, COR. EIGHTH — NEWLY
Wl furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient.
O'Farrell Street. "
Q97 O'FARRELL— SINGLE ROOM; WELL
Oj-i I furnished; $5 a month.
Pine Street.
m PINE-SINGLE ROOM WITH GRATE;
UxJL other rooms 4, $5 and $6 per month.
Folk Street.
Q97 POLK, COR. O'FAKRELL — NICELY
Lj£j I furnished sunny rooms; housekeepin" if
desired. -■:■■ r
Post Street.
Ql r\A POST— 2 NEATLY FURNISHED SlN-
fflO gle rooms: gas and bath; $5 and $6.
TKijT] POST— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
XO4CIX single or double; terms reasonable.
I", uks Street. !
OA3 RUSS— 2 NICE HOUSEKEEPING RMS.;
Ott4 neatly furnished.
Sixth. Street.
Qa SIXTH, NEAR MARKET— NICELY FUR-
y nlshed frout suite. -
QQ. SIXTH — THE HILLSDALE, SUNNY
00 rooms; single and en suite: $1 to $1 DO a day.
91 91 SIXTH — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
Zi\-Zi<£ room; grate, bath. • ■
>herwood Place.
I Q SHERWOOD, OFF THIRD, BET. MISSION
i-U and Howard— ss a month; 2 unfurnished rms.
'.Stevenson Street.
979 STEVENSON— LARGE SUNNY ROOM;
-- i Si so I table for tailor-shop; good light; rent $7.
Stockton Street.
IQI/1 STOCKTON— FRONT SUIT SUITABLE
XOXtl: doctor or dentist; nicely furnished; cheap.
fcutter Street.
9PI A SUTTbR-NIOE BAY-WINDOW FLAT;
UJ'l sun all day; modern; $16.
Taylor Street.
-; 99 TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
OZ^Si rooms: new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable^^
• Third Street.
TtriNCHESTER JIOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
1» Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 25c to $1 60 per night ; *1 60 to $6 per week ;
electric lights in every room : reading r'm: freo bus.
C)uO THIRD— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS FUR-
ZiUO nished; $1 25 per week. '
< ownnend Street.
91 TOWNSEND — SUNNY. FRONT ROOM;
<Lil\J liuly pre erred. . > ' . . '■'
lii;-U s«rcec. ---'--
1 9ft TURK-2SUNNY FRONT ROOMS; RENT
1 O reasonable. - - • ,' .
Pi/1 t> TURK— SUNNY SINGLE ROOM WITH
O'JO bath. ; ..
. ? Valencia Street. ■•'
0 f\A VALENCI A — 1 • NICELY KURXISHED
O\)rz sunny furnished room. . -. , - - .
. Van Ness Avenue. -
) n O VAN NESS AYE. — HANDSOMELY
jv/^ f urnlslie J parlors, en suite or separate. ,
-A! VAN Nr'.SS AYE.-SUNNY FRONT
JUX suite: also suiinv bay-window room. .
3/\Q .VA .\ .Ni.SS "A YE.-COM FORT ABLE
DUO sunny front room for gentleman. ;
' Miscellaneous. ■
I^ULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALIi— FUR-
L Dished rooms, single or en suite; $8 and $16 up. ,
_THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1896.
— ~JS£H RNISHED ROOM-i.
O^UN^ullSnsiTED^UNNTTlo^M^r^
0 Lewis St., off Taylor, near Post.
•>'> I O'FARRELL— 4 UNFURNISHED RMS.;
I ', h U P p ? r floor; ba -'»; 2 rooms; use of furnished
kitchen in basement. • . .
BuAl:i)L\c AMi KOOMS.
*^1 9 2^Y^^ ORTH — "wio"axT-"'wraP
«ithfl^ s . ed suito of l 'lors and single rooms
w ith flrst-olass board.
I 81 9 BUS NICELY ■ FURNISHED SUN-
XQX^ny room with or without board. ,
410 H n YD £ ~ H < AXD * OMEW FURNISHED
imrinr , ? C ,o«y-wiu<low ■ room, with privilege of
parlor uud piano; flrst-ciass board. ■ .
( J26 J^V V 7 S XN SUITES, 45 UPWARD;
\j—\j single. $20 upward; best board reasonable.
(TIHE WINDERMEHE, FAMILY HOTEL, 1401
ft7>H -vi f SS av .V-' cor. Bush sf.: everything new
ana fresh; excellent board; no Chinese employed.
Vi:w GOLDEN GATE OTEL. 134 AND 188
mi\- ,°','r th 8: - ; l ew fur niture and carpets through-
out , table first class: terms reasonable: American
Plan; tree bus to and from depot. . ■ _
"PfOTEL BERT LING, 714 BUSH-A FAMILY
J-A- hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences. . •. . .—;-
VBIIiDUJSN bOAKUKD.
I ADY WITH HOME WOULD LIKE 1
xj or 2 children to board; room for parent, if de-
slred. 710 Vallejo st.
•jV"URSE WISHES INFANT OR.OLDER CJIIIr
x \aren to board ; reasonable. 2819 Sixteenth St.
1 OR TWO CHILDREN TO BOARD. HAS A
x daughter 15 years of age. 1605 Twenty-fourth st.
OXE OJ: 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD; HOOM
for parent if desired: no other children. 123
Germanla st.
T ADY WISHES SMALL CHILD TO BOARD:
-*■> rnhie-il home; no her children. t>lB Eddy st.
STOItKS TO LET. .
t\f)(\ NINTH-CORNER STORE; 8 ROOMS
*J\J\J and fixtures; low rent. .' . :.•..',;
STORE lOx'/oTno. ROOMS; HANDY FOR OF-
lice or any little business; rent cheap. 318
Leavenworth St., near Ellis. ' ',-
TORE ; 1524 HOWARD ST.. COR. OF LA-
kJ fayette; fixtures for saloon; cheap rent. Apply
2838 Mission 3t. J.. ; - ■
}?OR RENT— LARGE FRONT OFFICE AND
-1 uart of store. 221 and 223 Market St.
CFFiCKi It) l.lCr.
I \ ESK 1 tOOM ; CHEAP RENT. 809^KEARNY
1 ' St., room 8.
T^OR BENT— AN OFFICE, WITH FIXTURES
-» for sale, or a portion thereof to lease. EDWIN
j_ALSIP lV - CO.. 9 rotunda, Mills building, S. F. ■
T^REE BENT (14, MONTH) GIVEN UOOD
X tenants; cottages, flats, 86 up. SPECK «t CO
bO2 Market st. ■ . - ;
TTLKGANT OFFICES in new spreckels
x-i building, 925 Market: rents low: no extra
cnorje for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply
ttbnilding or U. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Momg. at.
PIANOS. VIOLINS, J2TC. '
P)HICKERING,KNABE,STECK,VOSE,BTEB-
y ' liflL i)ianos; see our piano for $187; pianos
gtf tent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell.
t i::.\ 1 BARGAINS IN NEW AND SECOND-
* » hand pianos at MAU V 769 Market st..S.F.
ELEGANT MEW UPRIGHT PIANO; CASH
Jj or installments; one square, $40. 211 Larkin.
],-<il-!t FINK UPRIGHTS IX OUR BARGAIN
-S room this week, and they are specially line
bargains; they are worth much more thun we ask
ior them: they will sell quickly, so don't tiela\
calline. THE J. DEWING CO., warerooms second
floor. Flood building. 100 pianos to selecct from.
\ N ELEGANT CHtCKERINO PIANO WILL
-f*. be sacrificed at once by party removing from
the city: must be sold at once, therefore don't de-
lay calling. Room 21, Flood building.
VIAGNIFICENI STEINWA-V PIANO OF-
±ix 1. red for sale by private party who must real-
ize cash at once. Room 10, Flood building.
A N UPRIGHT PIANO, GOOD TONE. DUR-
- lV able and only slightly used, worth $300. will
sell for abont half that. i(oom 21, 809 Market st.
rjREAT BARGAIJN IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
__Piano House, 216 Post st.
X\T mTgTbaDGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
'» rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
t»nd organs sold for cash or installments.
Vi'.w CPRIGrHT PIANO CHEAP ON AC-
-L' count of removal. 7-j:<> ■< Me AULster st.
Vl' rriiicMT. sacrificed for $75.
1> Rm. 10, 809 Market st.
MAGNIFICENT PARLOR ORGAN; MUST
-L*J- sell; nearly new. 313 Devisadero st.
AS OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT plan
-n. for selline pianos has met with great success
tw ye iA eel to contlnoe snpplylns purchasers
that wish to tak« advantage of it; please can and '
have It explained. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO
corner Kearny and Butter sts. '
SS I 7*S GASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBEB
•w- XI >>. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
"Vl.\V Y ORK MAKE UPRIGHT GRAND 5165;
X^jtWeber $276, BRUENN'B, 228 Post st.
DEMOVED— F. W. SPENCER <fi Ca TO 838
*-*> Post st., near PowelL sole agents Conover,
Colby and Spencer pianos. 338 Post st.
T)ECKER BROS., STEIN WA Y.FIBCHEB AND
■*-f other tirst -class makes of pianos: little used-
r'fl 1 ' tor . '• asl > °, r , °» cwy terms. KOHLER t v
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'J-arrell st.
1^^ S t>'.^ KMS; - LOW PA^CEB. KOHLER &
F J ; N l I " ^ r ""''' ( >RSALK OB KEN I CHEAP.
X SCHMITZ.I6 McAllister st.,nxt
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOUMER"
x» Newby <fc Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VI(ILIN>, ZITHERS. OLD A NKW
H. MULLEB, maker, repairer, 2 Latham Dlace.
S T s£w W wn' *'i^.V WKBKK . *265; HOMER,
Sk^Nio"^ 8 ," 5 ' B(luare3 ' * 35 and $56 '
piANOS— ~~~ ~~
x Hazelton. Hemme nnd Long, Erown and
Simpson : easy terms. 735 Market st.
A RRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-fv grade r. .L. Neumann pianos for the holidavs-
prices and terms moderate. 11. LUEDERS,'B2
■iMnth st.
LTAINES BROS.' PIANO — A SUPERB IN-
xx strument, surpassing any piano thatwebave
Hitherto bandied: we invite a critical inspection.
A, L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post St.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS. \ !
The finest line of new pianos for rent ana sals
In Sau Francisco. j. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market st.. Spreckels building.
EDUCATIOiNAL.
T^RENciTsPA^I^^E^crTmTF^KFT^LTFpE^
x Academy of Languages; Post; estab. 1871.
\ LMER E. HYER, TEACHER OF PIANO
■° banjo, mandolin. 405 Geary St., room 17.
CPANISH ACADEMY J'.Y CASTILIa N PRO-
VJ fessor; 3 day or 2 evening class lessons per week
f.i mo. ; also paintingacademy.specialist in flowers,
A classlessons per week, $3 mo. 1170 Market, r. 37.
NGLISH, BRANCHES TAUGHT; PRIVATE
or class; all ages; moderate. MISS V. A DIL-
LON, Supreme Couri building, 305 Larkin, rm. 08.
]V|RS. melville-.snvdp;r has im.muvi
i«. to 6-jo Suiter st.: teacher of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and elocution; Tadies ana
gentlemen coached in operatic, Sbakespeaiean and
other plays; appearances arranged.
I?NGUSH, LATIX, MATHEMATICS, ENG-
J-i llsh literature a speclaltv. MfSS POULSTON
724 O'Farrell st. ■• " ;
Vf ISSBOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRAMENTO
ioT, St.— Board. English, French, pinno. dancing.
JMU a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientlousparents togive children v superior educa-
tion at low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
NGLISII LITERATURE AND MYfiIOLOG Y~
class or private. MRS. EHRMAN, 1234 Bush st! |
IJELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING— ,
XJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING ME-
chanidal engineering, surveying, architecture
assay ; estab. '64. VAN DEB NAIL LEN, 723 Mkt. '
1 riiKXTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER>
kJ sity, law and medical colleges; day and evenin" '
classes. 333-335 Pheian building. ° .
OWENS ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE : i
Berkeley, Cal. T. S. BOWENS, A., Principai! 1
\riOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAB, CORNET '
> taught. Prof. L. MERKI, 225Geary reasonable '
TXIjIVIDUAL . INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP- I
X ing, shorthnii'l, etc. Stlehl's College, 723 Market. 1
S Pa'NISH.FUENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE 1
Melsterachaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st '
H EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST. <
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand 1
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern 1
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue. (
VTIUMTSCHOOLsHEALD'SBUS. COLLEGE-24 !
X.y Post:cominereial, shorthand. Eagjlsh ; low rate* '
■\7"IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; RE a"
\ sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1045V 2 Valencia. !
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING- •
\J ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell ets.
S" AN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 123t> ]
1 ' Mm -tc: : -send for cat.: day and evening session.- i
.- ATTOMEYS-AT-LAff.
m jTM^RItYTATT^TA^TD^C^Su^S^LoTft^T »
X . law: advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
DVICE DIVORCE AND PROBATE '
laws a specialty; suits, Saperior, Justice and 1
Police Courts; terms reasonable; collections, etc,
G.W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850. Market.cor.Stocktoa i ,
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.42U ■
»» » California »v. rms. 14-15: adyica freo. . • <
J'HVSJCIAN.S.
D^RTA^KTu^S^P^TsTc^TsIfRTjEoIJrR^Y^AL
University Turin.ltaly. Xucleus b1dg,661 Markt f
MKS. UR. PARLOW, CHIROPODIST. 126 t
Kcarny, rm. 47, hrs. 11 to 5; res. St. Xicholas. f,
PEMOVKD-DR. ('."" C. O'DONNELL TO 120tt
Jt Miirkei s'.: diseases of women a specialty. .
UUILDING A>JJ LOAN .ASSOCIATION. i
/ BUILDING^ AND LOASfAsi
,\J sociation— office, 222 ' Sansome st., F. j
Oeneral savings & loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pres.;
Olivei £Udridee V.i*r.; W CorWD,Sec.&Gen.aiaa
CITY . REAL ESTATE. .
ELEGANT MODERN RESIDENCE
N W. 'OR. FELL AND LOTT STS
FACING THE PARK PANHANDLE.
$12,500— Handsome house of 11 rooms and
bath; strictly modern; complete in all dttalls: also
stable: lot 31:3x125, with an ell 75x25: this is an
unexcelled opportunity to secure a fine home at
a sacrifice; aup'y at office for permit to insnect
EASTON, ELDRIDGE .fc CO., 688 Market St.
ONLY ONE LEFT. ~
YOU;R LAST CHANCE.
English COTTAGE house,
. ONLY $250 cash. BALANCE easy.
We have sold 5, only 1 left of tnose elegant mod-
ern homes: rooms and bath; lar?e basement*
substantially built: elegantly finished: complete
in all details; openfox inspection to-day; price re-
duced to close them out; special terms: California
St., corner 2d aye.; take Sacra-vento-st cars
_ EABTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 688 Market st.
pHOICE OFFEUINU. ~ ~~ ; ~~ i
\J ELEGANT FLATS.
_..„_ . ON CALIFORNIA ST.
$9500—2 handsome modern fiats of 6 and 7
rooms and bah: beautifully finished and dec-
orated; on the north side of the street, near De-
visadero; lot. 25x137:6.
. EASTON, ELDRIDGE CO.,
638 Market st.
A COZY MISSION HOME. . ~ ! ',
:. IN THE WARM BELT. .
_„„ ' . ' • MUST BE SOLD.
$2600— A 2-story bay-window residence of 6
rooms and bath; near 22d and Vicksburg sts.;
handy to several ear lines; lot 25x100 * • ■''
/..: EASTON: ELDRaDGE it CO.,
; 638 Market st.
A FINE IXYE.-IMKNT. ~~~ :
. MISSION FLATS.
NEAR 14T1I AND VALENCIA STS.
$4000— 2 fine (hits or 4 and 6 rooms and bath;
substantially built; brick foundation; pars $420
per annum; always rented; this is a bitr barjain
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
' ' '-•'• 638 Market st.
CHOICE LOTS. ~ '
\J BEDROCK PRICES.
THE ME TO BUY.
ffiOOXA NORTH idk OF buttjsb ST.,
<pO— V\J. nr. Fillmore: 25x137:6 ft.: this Is aii
exceptional bargain, and must be sold
■ ; this week.
Q9p:aa A opine roadhouse . site
O\J\J. with nearly 200 ft. frontage On the
Ocean House road, near the new race
track. .
<%99^0 CLAYTON ST., NR. PAGE, ONE
tJpZi-iOU. block from the Park Panhandle; V 2sx
106:3 ft.; recently reduced.
Cj9flAA TWO LOTS, NORTH SIDE OF 21ST
<JP-£iUV/V/. St., nearNoe: 25x114 ft.; must be
sold; bank about to foreclose.
"SI 7^o WALLER ST., NR. CLAYTON;
<PX I O\J. choice location; 25x108 ft.
1 'SOO 2 BLOCKS FROM THE PARK;
«fISXOV/V/. north side of Carl st.; 25x137:6 feet.
<sil 9^o 18TH 8T - NEA U XOE, 25x114 FT.:
*JPJL£d*J\J, tnis is prospective business property.
000 SANC ' HKZ ST.. NR. ALVARADO;
«B3 L\t\J\J. 25x105 ft.; street graded and sewered.
©7KA NORTH SIDE OF 15TH ST., NEAR
«P f *J\J. Castro; only two blocks from Market.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO. ,
638 Market St.
T.IOR SALE— THE FINEST HOME IN THE
J City for the money; Page and Lott sts.; see it
to-day; premises. J.ANDERSON, owner.
LOT 25x127:6 ON 15TH AYE..BET. I) AND
C sts., Richmond Tract, cheap; must be sold-
party eoing away. For particulars inquire at 1805*
Mission st.
I?OB SALE-970'J ; COTTAGE; L6r25x70; «200
X cash, balance as rent; near cars. Apply S H
V_ box 66, Call.
•\|ONEY ~ ~
1U LOANED ON REAL ESTATE
AT LOWEST MARKET
RATES.
borrowers accommodated at
short notice by the
california
title insurance and trust COMPANY
OFFICE '1.1.s building.
l. r. ellert, manager.
DOWN, $5 PEB Month- CITY lots-
<J)O $100 up. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market!
YOB HOMES AND INVESTMENT— FBT7 IT
X I vale Terminal Tract. Lots $100 up.
Q9^7^ ~"MUSt7b»SOLD; "OFFER^N'ANTED:
<Jp.ii.Ul/. this lot is worth double; 2 blocks south
of the park; cash or installments; title insurance*
gee owner at once. 9 Powell st., room 3. ■• .
! Ql WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
«J>X $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap.
$175— Lot 25x135; Si weekly.
S2sO— Lot 26x100: $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot '-'5x100; si 50weeklv; macadamized.
8360— corner. 40x100; SI weekly.
$150— Lot 24x100: $1 weekly. - -
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley. *
T ' 1 1 \ii;\v LOTS; NEAR NEW BACE-
Jj track; low prices: easy terms. THE McCAR-
THY CO., C46Market st.
VRUITVALETEKMINALTRACT: D. PRATT,
x Yrnitvale Sts, THE MCCARTHY CO., 646
Market st.. S. F. Lots 8100 up; easy terms. -
fIS I 9 Aflfi SOLID 8-STORY RESIDENCE;
.yjyjyj. 727 Golden Gate aye.; lot 26x
137:6. This is unquestionably the cheapest piece
on the avenue. Billiard-room; frescoing, etc. Open
for inspection. '
JOUSES BUILTf 160 TO $276 A ROOM; CALL,
XX and examine plans. 1149 Mission st.
TRUSTEES' SALES.
rpRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH j
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by A. BRIGM
party ofthe first parr, to HENRY C. CAMPBELL
and TIiADDEUS B. KENT. Trustees, parties of
the second part, and the SAX FRANCISCO PAV-
INGS UNION, party of the third part, dated !
March 3rd, 1801, and recorded in the orlice of the I
County Recorderof the County of Shasta, State of ■
California, in Liber 1 of Trust, Deeds, at pages 141
and following, and in pursuance ot a resolution
passed on the 7th day of November, 1895. by the ■
.tsoard of Directors of said SAX FRANCISCO I
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the note (No. 10.703), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default had been made in the pay-
metit of the principal sum and otner sums due
under said note and deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell thereat
estate described therein to satisfy said indebt-
edness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, I lie 7th day of January, A. D. 1898, at
12 o'clock noon of that day, anil at the auction
salesroom Of EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., No. I
638 Market street, in tho City and County of San
Francisco, Stat« of California, we will sell at pub-
lic auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the United States, all those pieces or par-
cels of land situate in the county of Shasta, State
of California, described as follows, to wit:
According to the ollicial plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
In Town»blp twenty-nine (29) north, range six !
(G) west, Mount Diablo base and merldlnn. . • '
of Section live (5), the fractional north half
(fr. N. y/.i).
■ lii Township thirty (30) north, range six (6)
west, uoutrl Diablo base and meridian.
Of Section twenty-eight (28), the southwest
quarter of the southwest quarter (SW. 1/4 of
bVV. 14). , .;.',.■:.--'
Of Section twenty-nine (29) the whole, and : ■ ■■■
Of Section thirty-two (32) the whole. . - -/i
Containing in all one thousand six hundred and '
forty f1 640) acres of land, more or less, together ;
with the appurtenances.
TERMS OF SALE-Cash in gold. coin of the !
United States; ten per cent payable to the under- :
signed oti the fall of the hammer; balance on de- i
livery of deed; and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be lorfelted and the sale to be
void. Acts of Bale at purchaser's expense. • '
HENRY C CAMPBELL, > „ ■ ,
THADDEUS B. KENT, / Trustees.
rpRUSTEES' SALE— IN. ACCORDANCE WITH
x the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by ALBERT B. BUT-
LER, party of the first part, to HKNRY C. CAMP-
BELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, par-
ties of the second part, and the SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party of the third part, dated
ictobei 27th, 1894, and recorded In theoilicr of the
County Recorder of the county of Glenn, State of
California, in liber 4 of deeds, at pages 499 and fol-
lowing; and In pursuance of a resolution passed on
the 31st day of October, 1895, by the board of direc-
tors of said SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
a corporation, and the bolder of the notes (Xo. 13,-
-082), to secure payment. of which the aforesaid
deed of trust was executed, declaring that default
had been made in 'the payment of the principal
sums and other sums, due under suld notes and
aeed ot trust, and requesting and directing said.
HENRY 0. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
KENT, 'trustees, to sell the real estate described
therein to satisfy said indebtedness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL ftnd THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 7th day of January, A. D. 1898, at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
i-alesroomof EASTON, ELDRIDGE. «fc CO., 638
Market street, in the City and County of ,San
Francisco, State of California, we will sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, for cash In gold coin I
of the United States, all the piecesor parcels of
land situate in the county of Glenn, State of Cali-
fornia, described as follows, to wit: ... - • .
i a ccordinK to the onlcial plats and system of sur-
Teys of the Government of the United States:
In Township nineteen (19) north, range one (1)
west, Alount Diablo base and meridian. .' ; • .' .
Of section one (1), the south hair of thenorth-
west quarter (S. Va <>f S\\'. 14); and lots one (1),
two -.. three (3j, four (4), five (5) and Six (6);
containing three hundred and forty-one and forty-
six onohimdn-dthB (341.46) acres of land. ■> !,:
In To'.vnshlp nineteen (19) north, range one (1)
east, .Mount Diablo base and meridian. / ■■ '
Of section six (6), . the east half of the southwest
quarter (E. 1/2 of SW. V-t): and lots one (1), two
(2). three (3), four (4), live (6) and sU(6); con-
taining; two hundred and ninety-eight and . sixty-
four oue-hundredths (298.64) acres of land..-, -
Together with the appurtenances. .-
Terms cr sfle— Cash in gold- coin of the. United
States: 10 per cent pnyaMe to the undersigned on
the full 01 the hammer, balance on , delivery ' of
Jeed; and if not so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed forsearch), then-said 10
percent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. ■ .-.■■, :.-.> »■>;•■*■■
. ; HENRY C. CAMPBELL, ■)„,_„_.„..'
TUADDEUS B. KKST, Trustees.
■_ ■ COIjNTKY KCAL ESTATE.
T?D\VIX K. ALSIFXcO^ "'■'■ ■•; : "
REAL ESTATE DEALERS.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE A SPECIALTY.
(Jl; "1 9 Onn A FINE FARM OF 105 ACRES,
1 (yli-'.uW. near the railroad, in Contra Costu
County: 75 acres of bottom land and
• the. balance first-class grain land;
 .')'._. ■ acres orchard and vineyard:
house of 6 rooms: stable, chicken-
b<;use, etc.; finest kind of sugar-be.et
land.
Cj/innn VERY LITTLE cash REQUIRED
tJ)T:VvI/. as first payment; 20 acres near Mer-
ced, with 7 acres in fruit. 7 acres in
. vine-yard and the balance alfalfa
land; all under irrigation: good B-
room house, barn, chicken-house,
etc.; fine well of water, good loca-
. . . '-. tlon. .' •
fflj^Xfin A FINE -'PLACE WITH IX ONE
i3)OiJ\J\J. mile of bebastopol, Sonoma County,
.' -^ ."' constetiiiKOf 20 acres, with 12 acres
in fruit, 6 acres In vineyard; good
house and outbuildings: terms 9760
cash and balance in installments:- or
t Will trade for city property.:
Apply to EDWIN K. Ai.SJi' i.- CO.,
No. 9, Rotunda, ills buiid ug,
- : '■ Ban Francisco."
A 70-ACRE HILL CHICKEN RANCII; 25
-rV acres cultivable: 200 cords firewood; •_' miles
from school; 5 from town; lovely .shndtj trees; a
siKiitly. pretty place: stif.OO; half cash. D. 11.
TWING, Sonoma City. Inquire tsB'2 Market st.,S. F."
©97^0 A FINE PAYING MODEL I'.AXCH
«jP«-l «7V/. InMarinCo.: 12 acres: 83 milw! from
Han iranclsco: 5 minutes to railroad station -'5
acres in choice bearing assorted orchard: i acre in
vineyard: good 2-story house- pi G rooms; fine
barn, chicken houses; net wire chicken yard- fine
well and windmill: water nipfd 'to house and
throujrh grounds: shade trees; plenty of timber for
fuel on place; ail in Al order; also horse, harness
and cart, cow, all fiu-m tools and gome household
goods; this is the cheapest and best home ranch
in California. . I.XX & KISEK,
' 306 Montgomery st.
1p OK SALE OR TRADE-rieO-AORE GRAIN
-L ranch: all fenced; comfortable buildings; near
Tipton, Tularo County: price $f.ooo. PHILBRICK
>c CO.. 2518 Folsom, near Twenty-second.
Sl'AK'i'O TOWN AND COLONY: ONLY H OR
J 4 hours from the bay: the most equable climate
; of Central California, and the neighborhood of the
i next great development of electric power; equal to
i i-olsom; v part of the "Rancuo Canada de Capay
j Grant"; unquestionably the earliest and finest
i fruit belt on the coast and superior to any for di-
; versified farming; about 600 acres, in 20-acre
; farms, surrounding the town; town already con-
• tains larpe brick blocks, a fine hotel, a fine high-
school building, water works, artesian, pure and
soft; desired a purchaser or purchasers to take the
whole interest of present owners in the colony lots
and town property, in lump or otherwise, at shock-
ingly low figures: it won't cost much to examine-
is an irrigation canal on tho land. Apply to GEO.
D. FISKE 4 CO., Woodland, Cal.
i?OR SALE ON account of DEATH OF
.1. owner— 42o-acre stock and fruit ranch (Yuba
County): line hard flnls&ed 2-story house, com-
j pletely furnished, running water, good outbuild-
i ings, some stock, several mines on the place; also,
! 123 acres well improved, good buildings, in same
locality; terms easy. M., box 14, Call Office.
TO LET— 3 SMALL CHICKEN RANCHES:
$7 50, $8 and $10 permontn. G. C. YOUNG,
Petaluma.
L'OK SALE OR EXCHANGE— 24O ACRES: 200
J. 1 level. 60 clear; nice orchard assorted fruits;
plenty of wood and water; good dwelling; > barn,
etc.; nearly all fenced; close to large town; 10
hours from city; $3000; part cash, balance on
I time: will trade for city property or good business.
C. i:.. box 77, this office.
■\TARIN Y-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
l'J- from San Francisco.
RancbO de Xovato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruif, grain and
vegetable land.- no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; terms made
to BUil ; .^end fonircular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE TXVKS , .M NT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
-ESTABLISHED —IS YEARS.
rfr- " X. D. BICKELB,
THE
LAND AGENT.
j SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions) most reliable,
largest and
Best Bystematized LAND OFFICE In America.
818 Posi St., bet. Stockton and Powell, s. F. |
CVRANGE BLOSSOM COLON) ~ ~
' OAKDALE, stanislaus co., cal.
Beautiful young orange groves in tra.ctsof sacre3
and U]>w«rd, lyinc along the Stanislaus River, two
\ and a half miles from Oakdale. the principal station
i of the Southern Pacific Railroad ontlieline between
StocKton . and ■ Mereea. Tb.e Stanislaus and Sat*
, Joaquiu irrigation Company's canal runs directly
; through the colony and the property ha 3' a per-
petual water ri;'l}t . - ... .- \..
We are prepared to soli portions of the property
: either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels. Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. Th« property i.s under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
: who has received diplomas and medals at eight
I different county fairs in the state and for a small
; consideration cares for tne orange groves for non-
; residents.
I A high and dry country, with a perfect natural i
: drainage system. All kinds o? small game near by i
affonis excellent sport for hunters.
' Prices for land, including a nerpetual water rieht i
; ana planted to oranu* trees, f(.175 ncr acre. Unim-
proved land witn fully paid up waier n?hts, §70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
six annual payments, without interest; title per-
i feet and liberal discount for cash.
Forfurther particulars, maps and catalogues, ai-
t dress ..... .
KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market Street.
Mm Frauc-isco. Cal.
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative,
Oakdale, Cal.
4 TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES UN 10
J years' credit. I>. H. TWING. Sonoma City.Cai.
"J A ACRES, *100: MORE saMJ; PRICE; PAY-
-LV/ able $2 a week, without interest; level valley
i land; railroad runs through the tract: the best
j bargain in California; secure a borne; you will noD
miss the B'J a week: will be worth $6 to $1.
WESTERN LAND COMPANY, 640 Market st.
SENDFOJiOUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. «WQUSTER A VVHITTON. San .lose.
Ci'KAi'KST AND BEST IX AMERICA— THE
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
' mted .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
; age free. * _"
MOJiEV TO U).;s,
T OANB— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGA* ; is'
X-i city or country: furniture and pianos; business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY, ETC
Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bale. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3. -
1 ST AND 2D MORTGAGES: CITY OR COUN
J- try; administrators' mortgages, interests in es-
j tates, diamonds, pianos, etc, MURPHY, 628 .ukt.
ORTGAGES, PHOBAI'E loAXS, WAR".
rants. SALOMON <fc CO.-, 888 Moptgmry,r.gl4.
MONE V LOANED^" 6% PER CENT ON
mortgages. A. F. JOHNs <& CO., 632 Market st.
Al ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY axd
-I>l other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market st., nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
ORROW MONEY ON YOUR 'DIAMONDS,
jewelry, furniture and pinros without removal;
lowest rates. C&ll or write to IIAKRV ANKEL <ft
CO., Mills bid*. 6th lloor. r 6; strictly conridential
0\ FURNITURE and PIANOS, without
removal. Room 63, Donohoe b'd'g, 1170 Market
WHY PAY $,') ON THK HUNDRED COM-
misslon to the broker when you can get the
! same direct fromthe loaner without It and with-
j out charge for making out papers on your pianos
j and furniture of private families, which furniture
i is now under the new law mortgageable; lowest in-
terest without removal: any amount from $100 to
j 5000. 418 Ellis St.. room 22.  -.
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
-li mortgages, 'furniture or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount: lowest rates. BKCKER, 240 Montgomery.
P 8808 JBBSJ
AT ' 126 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates :pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale c-lieup.
FOR SALK— 3IISCKKI.ANJK.OIJS. .
CARUrAGKSA^NDiIAT.
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First St., near Mis-
elon. . - -. . ■■.-■.
9 FRESH cows; EACH MILK 4 GALLONS A
A day; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
- 1) AR"oUTFITS, 1 RRORS.CASH REGISTERS,
-L> scales. etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
ONARCH CARL) SLOT MACHINES i<OK
li- sale or given away. KAHN & CO., 220 Cat. St.
ELLOWe, ANVIL, VISE. TONGS, SMALL
steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
TMIRE AND : BL'R(JLAIt SAFK, LETTER-
X press, platform scales and desk; cheap. 102
Clay st.
V NCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA, $25. KING'S
JLU old bookstore, IS Fourth st.
NE SMALL -MEDIUM. AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st.
"VTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
■!■> hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California s:. '
CA OUNTE R S, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
\J bought and «old ; 112iy«Market beu7thandB:a
STOUAUJS
OVERLAND FREIGHT TJtAHSRBRffCQ. "
l-i fih and Blnxomjß sta.— Furniture and Roots
packed, shipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
houses: low rates; advances marie.- Tel. south 388.
S" TORAGE OF FURN ITURK, PIANOS HOUSE-
i.o'd goods, etc. J. M. PUBRCK, 735 Market st.
-WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 JIARKET-
' T Storage: low rates: telephone South 76-.
IiIIRST-CLASS STORAGE : ADVANdESMADk"
J 421-423 Market gt. CH AS.U TAYLOK.
ii>.\-NCIAU , •'
PERSONS WHO Want -l TO t PER CENT
J. interes' a year °"w lclr , money - should consult
I. W.-ENTZ & CO.. 401 California st. ■ '-
ANY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON"
your furniture, pianos or ; real estate; lowest
rate; call and state your proposition or write< ODen
eyeaiiiss, J. N.OON.AN, iq-ji iiiaaivii su
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND EKAL ESTATE.
PARTIES WISHIG TO BUY A . HOME IN
-L Central Caliiornia mr.y be interested o know
that i:. K. Bunce, the well-known real estate
agent at 1008 Broadway. Oakland, is oi¥erin« spe-
cial inducements to intending purchasers. He < ar-
ries a large list of choice homes, from the cozy
little cot::ue to the lovely mansion: frultand grain
ranches: large tracts that can be snbilvided. Large
list of Chicago, Boston and New York property
for exchange. Don't fail to send for catalogue and
Price list, or call and see E. E. BUNCE, 1008
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. •
QJ f\(\(\ ELEGANT HOUSE OF 11 ROOMS
»4pTIvUV. and bath; lot 37x150: 3 minutes.'
walk to Market-st. station; part cash, balance to
siiit.
$1000— House of 7 rooms and bath, near Oak-
st. station; $600 cash, balance can remain.
E. HILU Real Estate,
. Room 34, Donohoe Buil<liiiu-, S. F.
1 f)f\ LOTS AT FRUJTVALE STATION;
qT-tmj. come to-day, LODGE & POWELL.
(\ () 0 1 I BEAUTIFULLY LOCATED RESI-
Hn)UVUV'. dence, Alameda; lor 40x124; all
nicely rarnlshed: any reusonable offer. .. ■ •■
Large list of choice residences and cottages for
sale in Oakland, Berkeley, Alameda, Fmitvale and
Pit'dmcvnt; acre tracts and ranches. Send for cata-
logue or see K. E. BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oak-
Jand, Cal. ■■ • .. -. •■
•fpoTiTsALE AT A SACRIFICE—FINE LODO-
-t 1 mg-honse.-' For particulars call or write BENJ.
■W-. RRIS, 962 Broad way, Oakland. ' '
Q9n MONTHLi ,1,1; b-room cottager
tjP^v plans free, I*. BOEOLE. Golden Gate sTatn.
<ffi 1 H.A LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
«IP-i-WV/. Fruitvale; electric cars: only $1 down
«raisUwMk; selling fast; good improvements
H. B. PINNEY. owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISE ME
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
AI.ASJI.DA REAL: !,STATK.
Q99fin ss ° CASQ, |28 to UONTHIY; E
<$)j^iZ.\J\J. rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 87:6x100; new
cottatre.
$3000-SM) cash; $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooras and bath; handsome new cottage.
$3250— ?200 cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
gant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
j bath.
! , 53500-$3OO cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
I handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath.
MAHCUSE & REMMEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
meda. and ti'JS Market St., San Francisco. •- '
Cjl fin down, balance moxti-ily pa y-
'{p.L\J\r ments— nearly new modern 2-story
liouse. 7 rooms and bath; near station, school and
churches: must be sold: call and see at once.' 11
P. MOREAL, 1432 Park St.. Alameda.
ffl»1 A A DOWN — ELEGANT NEW 5-ROOM
tip-L v/v modern cottage in center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150; price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park St., Alsaheda,
"<Ct J (\f\f\ NEW AND MODERN HOUSK -OF 7
±\J\J\J. rooms and bath: lot 42x147:6: In
good locality; terms easy; installments. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD CO.. 1V. 61 Park St., Alameda.
JBiUJKELKJ: i:i..\:, t.STATK.
T\JEAR THE UNiVEBMTY ; BTEAM " AND
i-i electric ears: an elegantly built cottage of 6
rooms; all the latest Improvements; for safe at a
bargain. JAS. J. MAS.ON, Dwight-w&y sta'io;',
Berkeley. - ■ ■ * ■
SAKTA CLARA CODHTY."
ki:al KBTATK.
ANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting
Apply to C H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
, 'c' 2 East Santa Clara st., ban Jose, Cal.
TO KXCiiANtiJfc.
rp<> EXCHANGE IN A I.A.M Kl<\ HOBBE^OF
-L 8. rooms and batli;:lot oO.vlit), • Encinal aye.,
toi nice lot near.Golden Q,ate Park. -Address R. JK.,
box til), Call Offlee. .;,/.' .v,7 ;:. .'.;;. .', .;■."':•
What hay; YOU to exehax-ge fob
»» 160 acres of fruit land In Placer County near
l'enryn? Aildress I. A. MAYDWEKL. 23 'Davis.
JIEDIfAL.
V BLESSING TO LADIES ' INSTANT RE
~J:V lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever
canse) by . the most experienced ladies' uhyslcians
In San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
method, superior to others; ladies will save time
, and money, be assured of honest treatment by
consulting the doctors before calling on others;
patients who have been imposed upon are spe-
cially invited: home in conlinement: treatment
warranted : advice iree, contf dential. I>H. and MRa
DaVIES, J i M.CAIIIS er st., near Jones. v .
A.n;:\v process— xo BCEDICfNB, ixsru!'-
ments or worthless pills usea; every Homao
her own physician for all femnle troubles," no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
If you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physiciau;knowledKe can be sent, and used at home;
al! cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearuy st.
pBIVATE !!<•>! TIAI., <tH7 MISSION ST.:
I patients receive best oi care; terms moderate.
T ADIEB - D.U'IIKT'S FEMaI.K REGtJLA
JJ ting Pills: -strongest, safest, best: never fall;
?1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market, and Third sts..' sole agent*.
Dpi HAi.l.. 14 McALitSTER STREET, NEAR
Uiseases of women and children.
~\ SURE CURE FOB ALLKEMai.i: DIS-
Jr\. eases, from whatever cause; a borne in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction euar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk gt.
DC TKAK's FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and elhcient emmenagogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDSACO., druggists, 4o6 Clay et.,sole ag't's.
A A FRIEND A S i > MOTHER'S CARE:
t\ IRM. DR. g ONE'S. 141«Kigh!h St., Alameda.
j\:;. GOODWIN MAKES \ SPECIALTY OK
\J diseases of women and restores all irregulari-
ties in one day, guaranteeing n cure or no cliarire -
regulator 82; home for patients. 1370 Market »'_.
\ 1 rs. dr. wege^erTprivate homeTn
I*l confinement; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st. '
A LPEAU'S FRENCH V\ LLB, A. BOON TO
-TV ladles troubled with irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure: $2 60 express C. O. -D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
11' IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
JL nee Mrs. It. I'uetz and be content. 264^ 4th.
LEOAi. SOTIOBa.
"VfOTICR TO CREDITORS — ESTATE OF
i> MARCUS DAVIDSON. Deceased. Notice is
hereby civen by the undersigned executors of the
last will and testament of MARCUS Davidson,
deceased, to the creditors 'of and all persons
having claims n;rainst the s:ii<! deceased to ex-
hlblt them, with the necessary vouchers, within
four months after the first publication of this
notice to aald executors, ar 161 New Montgom-
ery St., city and county of San- Francisco, State of
California, which said place the undersigned select
as their place of business in all matters connected
with said estate. , MYER DAVIDSON,
." JOSEPH HARRIS. '
- Executors of the last will and testament! of
MARCUS DAVIDSON, deceased.
December 10, 1895.
TXEPARTMENT NO. 9 (PROBATE). JTN THK
XJ Superior Court, in and for the City uad County
of San Francisco, state of California— lnthemai?
ter of the estate of ELIZABETH L. MOXLEY,
deceased. • ■ ... .
Notice is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 14th
day of January, a. D. 1896. Nt 10 o'clock a.m. of said
day, and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of said
court, at the new City Hall, in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the • time and place . for proving - the
authenticated copy of the will of said ELIZABETH
L. MOXLEY, deceased, and for hearing the appli-
cation of. JOHN C. HUGHES and JAMES W.
McELROY. for, the Issuance to them of letters
testamentary. .-'. ■ ■ ■■• .
Dated January 3, a. D. 1896.
[Seal.] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
By F. B. HOUGHTON, Deputy Clerk.
JAMKs A. Wa Y.MIKK, Attorneyfor Petitioners.
'•;■ ' JfARKIAGJB LICiiNSKS. -
' The following marrlasre licenses were Issued by
the County ClerK's office yesterday: ' .
Morris Schoenholz and'ltosa Lemle, 30—23.
<;. de Mateo and Virginia Tabeine, -J3— ls.
Amede P. Uust and Leonie A. de Donlt, 41—25
' Otto W. Lutz and Annie M. Wheeling, 85— 30.
Charles L. Meyer and Jen Cesenere, 32—20.
B. Quilici and Filomena Giazlanl, 24— 16.
_ S. M. Webb and Lizzie Radezewsky, 25—24.
Joseph J. Flynn and Annie E. Herzo, 23—17. ■
• John J. Power and Eli« M. Hanley, 29—28.
. Henry Kic.au and Mamie Kramer", 25—22. •
F. N. Farrlngton and Louise Wallace, 28 — 26.
DIVUKCii fkocjka;l»inus.
Complaint filed: : . . - V '-.'
Mary J. Taylor asainst Hosea Taylor.-
Divorce granted :
.AnnaJ. Kuhluaann from Christian Kuhlmannfor
desertion; by Judge Hunt. , -, ■ -.
v i;iUTMS — CARRIAGES — DEATHS.
* BOKN.
KALTENBACH— this city, December 5, 1895
. to the wife of tne late William ICaltenbach.
. a daughter.-
SOKRELL-In Berkeley, December 27, 1895, to
: the wife of s. H. Sorrell, a son. .
STUAHT-In West Berkeley, Jannary 5, 1896, to
the wife of William Stuart, a daughter. . - -•.-..
iiiriit. '- ;■■■ . • .- ' "': ;
Abbott, Wallace G. . Logan, John ' .
Baum-art. Maria A. '.Lynch, Mary " ■
Bestor, Henry T.-'Maloiiey, Daniel ■■ '■'■
d'Arcy, Richard : . Slever, Anna W. "
Danjus, Frida Monks, Thomas '
Dominlci, Donato Morris, Seymour J.
Daft'ey, Jamea Moore, Robert H, j
, . ■ ■
Fargo, Jerome B. Murphy, Andrew-
i Field, Mrs. Ann B. Prouse, vV'illiam R.
j Fouls. Maria . Ray, Henry,-
Friedman, Edna Russ, Frances
Gianettotil. Hattie fSauter, Katie
Gleasoii, Bridget Steams, Charles H.
| Hall, John Tromenschlager, W.
! Lahy, Ellen Waas, Kobert
Young, Bertram J.
; ABBOTT— this city, January 5, 1896, Wallace
G.; beloved son of M. L. and Ida Abbott, a native
: of San Diego, aged 8 years 3 months and 29
days. . .
kir Friends and acquaintances are i respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(luesday), at. 2 o'clock p.m.. from the Urst
|.aptist Church, Eddy street, between Jones and
Leavenworth, Interment private.
BAUMG ART— In this city, January 6. 1896, Maria
Anna Baomgart, beloved mother of Mrs. Joseph
Stork, Mrs. Moritz Stock yon Goldshein. Mrs. M.
KUzmuiier and Emma and PhiliD Baumgart
ol ictoriit. B. C. a native of Rheinpfalz, Ger-
many, aged 76 yean and 18 days.
BESTOR— this city, January 3. 1895. Henry
T. Bestor, a native of Hartford, Connecticut, aged
tiO vicars, j t>t. Lonis papers please copy.J
jm- Friends aiiil . acquaintances are resDect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
• (Tuesday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m.. from King
| Solomon's Hall, Masonic Temple, corner of Post
and Mouteomery streets; funeral under the aus-
] pi'-e.s of California Lodge No. 1. F. and A. m.
lntermesi Miisoutc Ceuieterv.
1 VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S ABBO-
i ciation— Members of the Veteran Volunteer Fire-
men's Association will assemble at their hall, 24
Fourth street, THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 12:30
o'clock p. m.. to attend the funeral of our late
brother and member, H. T. Bestor.
XT, .V J. il. MA HONK V, President.
w. a. SCoti-AV. Secretary.
D'ARCY— In this city. January .\ 1896. Richard,
I dearly ' beloved husband of Bridget M. d'Arcy,
a Dative of Clifton, County (ialway, Ireland, aged
j 49 years. | Lynn i Uass. i | apers pleaae copy.J
ffyFrieniis and acquaintances are rast>eot-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m., from his late
residence, 9 Cook street, thence to Holy Cross
I church, Eddy street, near Scott, where a. solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated fortnerepoae
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy rota Cemetery.
j DANJUS— in this city, January ~>, 1895, Frlda,
beloved wife ol Lewis mother of Hedwitr
. Danjua, sifter of Johanna Lamm and EmU
MurPtt. and daughter of Josepti Markt. a native
of BchVeltz. ISO: urs 4 months and 19 days.
JtVFriends and acquaintances .trs respect-
\ fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORUOW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock i: m.. from lipr late
residence, 21 DebOD street, thence to the Ger-
man Baptist Churcn. corner Deboa and Seven-
j teenth streets. atermeni Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DOMINICI-In the City and County Hospital.
January 5, 1896, Uonati Dominlci. aged 56years,
DUPFEY— In this city. January •'. 1898 James,
beloved husband of E. M. Du'ffey. and rather of
Joseph DulTey, r. natlvi of Manchester, England,
agej 68 yean 6 monl and l:> days.
iSSTFrlends and acquaintances are resDect-
fally invited to attend tho funenU THIS i>.\Y
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock P. m.. from the fam-
ily residence. K-S2L' -Mission street. Interment
1. O. o. F. Cemetery.
FAROO-In this city, January 5, 1896. Jerome B.
Fargo, a native of Batavia, N. y., aged 72 years.
j FIELD— In Dstroit, Mich., January 5, 1836, after
n short illness. Mrs. Ann B. Field, mother of Al-
fred B. Field, and sister of Henry Charming
Benls oi Sau Francisco, aged 90 years.
l FOUTS-In this city,' January B, 1896, Maria,
! wife of the Late D. L. Fouts.
FRIEDMAN— In this city, January 6, 1896, Edna,
beloved daughter of S. and H. Frietiman, and
: sister of Alfred, Isaac. Samuel, .foseph, Aaron,
Abe, Belle, Frances and Sarah Friedman, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 10 years 11 mouths
and 16 days.
; GIANETTOXI— In this c:ty, January 6, 1898,
Uattl ■. beloved wife of epber Gianettoni,
motbei of Ida and Florence Qianettoni, daughter
Of Mrs. i:. 11. Davis, and sister of Mm. liu/.zini,
Mrs. Tamo. Mrs. Doollttle, Mrs. Henrici aud .i.
Davis, anatlveot Calaveras County, »ge.i 40
years and 8 months. I Grass Valley papei - please
I copy, i .
i£S"No:lee of funeral hereafter.
GLEASCN— III tnls city. JanuHry 4, 1896, Bridget
Mary, beloved wife of Michuel Gleason, and
mother of Rev. Jos»ph .'ii.. Mary, Margaret,
Thoaias, William. Bernard, Kobert, James and
Anira Glcason, a Dative ol Ireland, aged 47 years.
Friends and acqnalnutnoes are respt'Ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesaay).at 9:30 o'clock a. v., from 'her late
resideqee, 824 Union street, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
■celebrated Jor the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock a.m. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. .
HALL— In the City and County Hospital, January
5, 1596, John Hall, aged 42 years.
LAHY— In this city. January 6, i-:i!rn Lahy. bo-
loved mother of Mrs. William I.i'.hy, a native of
) County Cork, Ireland, aged 90 years and 7
months. .- • ■'■ • v ; . :•; •
LOGAN— In this city. January 6, 18S6, John,
belovwl h'isl.aiid of D'elfa Logan, and father of
Jennie Logan, a native of New York, aged 44
year?. • - •, - - ;V-
-iiT Friends and acquaintances are resnest-
; fuliy invi-ed to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
. (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 36 Welsh street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
; LYNCH— In Sac Kafael, January 6. 1896, Mary,
dearly beloved wife of the late John Lynch, a na-
tive of tbe parish of Killeen, County Monaghan,
I Ireland, aged 58 years.
. : • 'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
( Wednesday), al 2 o'clock p. m., from her late
resilience, San Rafael. Interment Mount Olive
Cemetery.
MALONEY— In this city, January 5, 1896, Daniel,
dearly beloved husband ot Mary 1.. Maloney, and
father <v Agnes C. Malonoy. a native of Missouri,
aired 50 yean 9 mouths and 29 days.
iHTFriends and acquaintances are respec-
I fully invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY
iday),at 9 o'clock \. m.. from his late resi-
! dence, 1753 Howard street, thence to St. Charles
llorromeo Church, corner of Bhotwell and Eigh-
teenth streets, where a solemn requiem nin^s
will be celebrated for the repose ol his soul, rom-
; mencim; at 9:30 o'clockjA. li. Interment Holy
j Cross Cemetery.
; MEYER-In this city. January 6, 1896. Anna W.,
beloved wife of the late B. Meyer, and dearly be-
loved mother of J. Chris. Anna and Emma
Meyer, a native of Ilnnover. Germany, aged 53
' 3'ears 5 months and 22 days.
Notice <>f funeral nereufter.
MONKS— In this cltv. J.inuarv 5,1896, Thomas
Monks, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 72 years.
■ MOORE— In this city. January 4. 1896. Robert H.
Moora, a native of Maryland, aged 60 years.
49" Friends anl acqualntnnces are res Dec-
"-• fully invited to atteud the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. ii.. from Masonic Ten
■ pie, corner of Post and Montgomery stree un-
! oer the auspices of Klncr Solomon's Lodge No.
260, F. and A.M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MORRIS— In Boston, January 5, 1896. Seymour
J., beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. S. Morris, and
brother of Mrs. 'ti. Conn, Mrs. D. B. Nnthan and
Julius, Sam. Joe. May. Berthaand Lena Morris,
a' native of San Francisco, aged 21 years B
months and 10 days.
| MT'RPHY— this city, January 1«96, Andrew,
dearly beloved sou Of Jeremiah .Muroliv. a:i«l
brother of Jeremiah Murphy Jr.. a native of
San Francisco, aged 37 years.
ffS-The funeral will take Dlace TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from tbe par-
lors of Carew A English, 19 Van Ness avenue.
. near Market, thence, to Bt. Joseph's Church.
Tenth street, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soui.
commencing at .10 o'clock a. m.. ibence'bv
. 31:55 o'clock a. m. train from Valencia and
Twenty-fifth streets. Interment private, Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PROUSE— In Tucson, Ariz., January 5. 1896,Wi!-
Ilam R. Prouse, anatlveof San Francisco, aced
30 years. A member of Hesperian Parlor No.
■ 137, N. s. G. W.
j RAY— In Oakland, January 4,1896, Henry Ray.
a native of Newcastle, England, aged 68 years 1
month and 15 days.
#3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday). -at 3 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Albert Brown. 468 Thirteenth street,
j . Oakland. ; Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
BTTBB— this city. January 6. 1896,. Frances,
' beloved wife of Adolphus G. Rugs, a native of
Germany, aged 65 years.
tSt~ Notice of funeral hereafter. ; .
SAUTER— In this city. January 5. 1896, Katie
Banter, a native of New York, 27 years and
■ 6 months.
, STEARNS-In this city, January 5, 1896. Charles
i ; Henry Steams, husband of May Steams, and
: . father of Aubrey and Addi« Steams, and son of
G. H. Steams, a native of North Bradford, Me.,
I aged 82 years and 7 days.
Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Wednesday),
at 1 o'clock p. m., from his late residence, 2706 a
Mission street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TROMENSCHLAGER— this city. January 3,
1896, William Tromenschlager, a native of Ger-
. many, aged 67 years.
WATTS— the City and County Hospital, Janu-
ary 5. 1896, Robert Watts axed 48 years.
YOUNG— In this city. January 6. 1896, Bertram
I John, beloved son of Jacob and Elizabeth Young.
j a native of San Francisco, aged '£ mouths and •
days.
S UMTEI> UNDERTAKERS' I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
. at Reasonable Rates. -
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKRS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. -
■'/ Telephone 3080. -' t",^
JaB."mcMENOITKY. " CHAS. McMbnouey.
JAMES McMENOMEY * SON,
; UNDERTAKERS AND K3IBALMERS,
1067 Mission Street, Near .Seventh.
::. Telephona No. 3364. .-■■.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
.. CAREW. & ENGLISH,* .
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEBS,
FINEBAL . DIRECTORS,
19 Vaii Ness aye., near Market st., San Francisco ■
Telephone .>o. Sl s*l. N. B.— Not connected wica
any other houso in this city. ■ ■
"cypresslawii cemetery,
TNSANMATEO COUNTY; NON-SECT ARI AW I
J. laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual core- beau,
ttfnl, permanent and easy of access; seeit'befeM
iMyiDK a burial place elsewhere.
iiitr oiilte, 9 City BLall ATejßHfc
1516
REV. FATHER YORKE DISCUSSES REVELATION.
Says It Is Not a Specula
tion but a Message
From God.
SAME TRUTH ,F OR ALL.
St. Peter Declared to Have Been
the First Bishop of
Rome.
ANSWER TO REV. DR. GOODWIN.
The Good Citizenship Meeting at
Metropolitan Hall Compared to
a Chinese Funeral.
The Rev. Father Yorke submits the fol
lowing; letter in connection with the con
troversy :
Jantary t>, 189t>.
To the Editor of tht San Francisco CcM— Deak
Sih: In my last letter I explained the Catholic
teaching on civil allegiance and the relations
of allegiance to conscience and on freedom of
• ■nee. I will now consider the question :
"Do the powers claimed by tl iterfere
with the rights and dignity of the state or
the natural allegiance of the citizen?' To
discuss this question intelligently it is neces-
Bary to state what are the powers claimed by
the Pope and what is his position in the Cath
olic church. In order to make myself per
fectly clear I m m begin at the beginning.
I— THE FACT OF REVELATION.
1. All Christians believe that Christianity is
a revealed religion. This belief implies mat
the Christian reilgion was not invented by
men, that it is rot a mere philosophical specu
lation, not a guess what is behind the veil, but
a rending of the veil and a message from God
Mimself.
2. All Christians believe that the messenger
who brought this message from God to man is
Jesus Chr;;-:.
II— THE NATURE OF REVELATION.
1. Revelation Is a message from <;od to man;
therefore it must be a true message. Whatever
l.od telle us is the truth pure and simple.
•J. Hence revelation is not a matter ot opin
ion, or a probable surmise, bu: it is the truth
just as much as an axiom in gemoetrv or a
conclusion in arithmetic is the truth.
3. Hence revelation must be the same for
all. The words in which it is clothed, the
methods by which it is taught, may be diffe-
ent, but the truth Itself, the thing taught, must
be the r-aine. A savage can only understand
that five and rive are ten by the use ot his tin
::d thumbs; a child is taught the same by
kindergarten blocks; a Chinaman works it out
by tne abacus, the mathematician demon
strates it by abstn r, but the truth is
still the same, for savage Q .nd Chinaman. ■
and philosopher, live and live are ten, and are
neither mere nor less than ten.
4. li ■ Ltion-cannot change. Itmnst
be .the same today as it was -.iOOO years ago.
'.ation of revealed truths one to ano'ii* r
may be made clearer: their bearing on other
truths may be bett- ; ■!: but the
■ aiv unchangeable. The
tnaticfi were the same when
EChefu built h.- pyramid as they were when
Kapler invented logarithms.
.">. Hence revelation must be consistent
Truth cannot contradict truth. The truth
-•••r must not only be in
t:i i!ie trui . by reason,
ust also agree one with the another.
tfa of revelation contradicts
another alleged truth of revelation, both may
be fa;.-e. but both cannot be true. The asser
to be administered to
youne children" may be both onxevealed, but
tiny .niiui.t be both revealed. If one Is a
truth of revelation the other assuredly i
t>. Hence from the very nature of truth itself,
■tons of common-sense require thet the
ige from Cod to man Bhould be consistent,
I i>e uncha:igeable, should be the same
for all time.
in— THE METHOD OF REVELATION.
l. God's messenger to man was Jesus Christ
He came as a teacher. Every teacher must
have something to teach. Christ's teaching
w h- revelation or < tod's message to man.
■J. Christ, however, remained on earth but a
short time, lie never went beyond the limits
of a narrow strip of country. Therefore it was
not ins intention to deal directly with all men
or to teach them personally face to face. As
God lias sent liiu. so would he send others.
:i. llenee, during his life he selected certain
men to be his pupil= or disciples. He kept
them close to himself. He spoke long and
often with them. He taught them the truths
which <Jod wished to have taught. He made
them acquainted with <>od's message, and he
trained them in the way they were to impart
It to men.
4. At last the time came when he was to
leave the earth. He was no longer to speak to
men. His message was now to be delivered
into ihe hands or the teachers he had chosen.
In his parting words he gives them a world
wide commission: "All power is given unto me
in heaven and on earth, therefore, go ye and
make disciples of all the nations and' teach
them to observe all things whatsoever I com
manded you; and behold I am with you all
days even unto the end of the world." (Mat.
xxviii.)
5. To the eleven disciples therefore was
given the commission to teach all the things
that Christ ordered taught. They were to be
no longer disciples or learners, but teachers
and apoitles.
6. Their commission extended to all men to
all times and to all God's message. They were
to make disciples of all nations by teaching all
Christ had taught even unto the end of time.
IV— THE CUSTODY OF REVELATION.
1. The eleven disciples lived only a short time
and were unable to reach all nations; hence, it
follows that Christ's words were not addressed
to them as separate individuals but as united
in a society or corporation. The individual
dies, but the society lasts forever.
-. This society, therefore, was given the com
mission to teach all Christ's revelation to all
irw-n and for all time.
3. Hence, this society must be found in c very
age and must have power to make disciples of
every nation.
4. Hence, this society, when it teaches
Christ's revelation, must teach it with author
ity. The authority of the society is the au
thority of the apostles, the authority of the
apostles is the authority of Christ and the au
tuority of Christ is the authority of God.
5. Hence, this society can never teach error
asGod'i revelation, because such error would
be enforced by the authority of the most true
God.
0. Hence, when the society declares that any
doctrine has been revealed by Jesus Christ
such declaration must be true, otherwise the
very instrument which Christ chose to teach
hi* revelation would defeat its own object.
7. Hence, th la society is infallible in teaching
cliri-'tian doctrine because Christ promised to
:i with the teachers in their corporate
capacity all days even to the end of the world,
and because lie has sent the spirit of truth to
abide with these teachers and to teach them
nil truth and to bring to their minds all thitißs
whatsoever he said unto them. (Johu xiv-xvi )
V— THE HtmiJBGI OF ST. PETER.
l. Every human society or corporation must
have a lieud. JesusChrisi uns the liead of the
society which he established to teach his reve
lation.
2. When Chris' I. ft this earth he still re
mained the invisible head of his .society.
:i. Before Leaving, however, he provided for
a- iii ad, who.se office it should be to
govern in his room and to keep the society
mi.' to its end of teaching God's message
to men.
I < :,ri-: ni accustomed to designate this
ty, which he formed for the teaching of
his revelation, together with the dis
whom these teachers might make, as his
church, as the kingdom Oi heaven, at a city or
a building and us a Bheepfold.
5. Daring his life on a certain occasion he
nsKcd his disciples, Whom dove say that I am?
One of them, v i ■ was Simon, an
swered: "Thou art die ( hrist. the son of the
living God." And Jesus answered and paid
him: "Blessed art thon, Simon, Bar
jona, because lle-Ui and blood hath not re
vealed it unto tbee btti my Father, who is jn
heaven. And 1 say unto thee that thou art a
upon this rock will 1 build my
i, and the gates of hell shall not prevail
■gainst it." (Matt, xvi.j
t>. 1 It-re we are deal ing with what is called a
metaphor. By a metaphor we apply a word
which natarailv designates one object to desig
nate another object. We say a man is a fox, a
lion, » flint. The reason ol the application is
thut certain dominant characteristics of the
one re- 'table certain dominant characteristics
Oi the other. T^.e. dominant characteristic of
is i. canning, VTben we say » man is a
fox we mean that be Is very canning. The
dominant characteristic of a lion is bravery.
When we say h man is a Jion we mean that be
ia very brave. W i«i then is meant by saying
that Simon is a rock oil winch the church is
built?
7. la iue para Die at tuu close oi tiie sermon
on the mount Ciirist u=ed tills metaphor in a
manner which left no donbt of his meaning.
He spoke of a man who built his house upon
the sand and of a mnn who bail! hishor.se
upon a rock. The winter storms beat on the
house built upon the sand and it fell, because
itwas built upon the sand. The same storms
beat upon the house founded upon a rock and
it fell not because it was founded on a nek.
The meaning, therefore, of Riving a rock foun
dation to a building Is to signi fy that the build
ing is lasting. When Christ builds his church
npon a rocs that church is to last, and the very
gates of hell shall not prevail against it.
Why? Because it is founded on B rock.
8. Now, who is the rock? J'he words of Christ
admit of no ambiguity. He spoke in Byriac
and he said; "Thou art Kcpha, and upon this
Kepha will I build my church." The whole ad
dress is directed toward Peter. He it is who
has made the great confession and he it is
who receives the reward exceeding great—
thou art a rock.
!>. The dominant characteristic of the rock
is that it offers a secure foundation. Peter is
the rock because of his steadfast character. ]
The church is built upon him because Christ
wish* sit to last. That church is the society
which Christ organized to teach his revelation.
Error shall ever rage against it, but shall
never prevail. Why? Because of the staying
powers of the rock. Peter is error-proof.
10. Hut Christ did not end here. He contin-
u ed in another metaphor, "] will give umo
1 thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven."
i What does this mean? Not the childish inter
-1 pretation thnt Peter is the doorkeeper of
heaven. Christ is speaking about his kingdom
on earth. This kingdom is the society be has
! established. Whafare the keys of this society?
They are the symbols of supreme power. When
a kinu entered a city, the keys were presented
him as a Sign of Ins authority over the city.
Our Lord himself hears the key of David to sig
nify thaxbe possesses royal power. Heopen
eth, and ii'> man shutteth; He shuttetb, and
no man openetb. Hence, when Christ prem
ises to give Heter the keys of the kingdom
of heaven, he says exactly the !-nisi«'
i thing as if he had exuresst-d himself in the
words, 1 will give unto thee the crown oi the
kingaom of heaven.
"Still Christ continues his wonderful prom
ises, '•And whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth
shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever thou j
<ha!t Loose on earth shall be loosed also in |
heaven.' This is still another metaphor and
\ one common among the Jews. It slxnides the
power of Making and repealing laws, the power j
I of sentencing and acquitting prisoners, in a !
word, the supreme power of the realm, for the
King \\a> the source of all law and itwas in his I
our: that justice was sought.
12. Hence,. w( have the promise of Christ to
Pt. Peter: (a) to make him the unconquered
! champion of the church, the rock against
which the gates of hell should dasn themselves
■in vain ; (6) to Invest him with the keys, that |
even as be himself bore the key of David It- ;
cause unto him was given the throne ot David,
so Peter should rule Ine kingdom of Hod upon
: earth. word should bind and should
: loose with the :,ume power and authority as
the word of Christ himself.
13. These words were addressed by our Lord j
to St. I'eter long before the passion. When .
the end drew near and Satan had already en- |
tered Judas and Christ was speaking 'after i
the last supper to tiie apostles, he turned to
Peter and said: "Simon, Simon, behold Satan
hath obtained you (the apostles) by asKiug
that he might sift you (the apostles) as wheat
■d in the winnowinsr, bui 1 have prayed
for thee (Pcfer), and do tliou when thou liast
been converted confirm thy brethren." Here
K^aii] is Peter made the bulwark against the
i belL To him personally is given the '
office oJ gathering once more the scattered
flock, of facing the enemy aud of putting new
strength and new hope into the hearts of the
iirtle society which Satan sought to destroy.
Do thou confirm thy brethren.
14. The power which wss promised at Cies-
Hresi Phillippi was given ai the lakeside when
cast himself Into the st-c. to go to tin-
Lora. Thrice on the night of the passion bad
Peter denied him, thrice was he to make rep
• primacy was conferred upon
"When, therefore, thi y bad dined Fesus
saith to Simon Peter, Simon, .-on of Jonas,
lovest thou me more than these? He Baith
unto him, Yea, Lord, thou knowest that 1
love thee. He saith u> him. Feed my lambs
He saith to him a ~eeo:id time, Simon, son of
Jonas, lovest though me' He saith unto him,
Yea, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee. He
saith unto him, Feed my iambs. He saith
unto him the third time, Blmon, son ot Jonas,
lovest thou- me? Peter was grieved becaus
said unto him the third time, lovest thou me?
And he said unto him, Lord, tiiou knowest all
things; thou knowest that 1 love thee. I
saith unto him, Feed my sheep."
15. There is no simile bo frequent inScrip
ture as that oi the she] herd mid his Bheep. In ',
a pastoral country the man wno was the shep- '
herd of many sheep was lite a king. Hence, |
even Homer speaks of Agamemnon as the !
shepherd of the people. As Arnold Bays, "This !
term of feeding as a shepherd feeds hi\ Bock is j
one of the oldest and most universal meta- I
phors to express a supreme and at the same j
time a benelicent government." Christ him- I
self is the good shepherd. Nov.- that no leaves '
the earth he installs another shepherd .in his |
place, who shall have charge of little and
great, of lambs and sheep, who shall be
shepherd of the one great sheepfold, whose
voice the sheep will hear and know aud obey.
The society which Christ has founded to pre- |
serve his revelation is now complete and at its <
head stands "The tirst, Peter,'' an impregnable
rock, a defense from all enemies and a shelter
from the heat.
10. 1 cannot resist the temptation of copying
out here a series oi propositions from that
well-known book, "My clerical Friends. "
These propositions put the claims of St. Peter
lv such a rashion that I imagine no unpreju
diced hiind can fail to realize their strength.
(a) If Simon received, !lkc Abraham, a myster
ious tall, it was full of significance, In tne case of
the patriarch, but wholly without meaning in that
of the apostle.
(b) If the Most Hitch, who probably acts with de
sign, gave to em li of Uji in a new name, in the one
it signified the introduction of a new dispensation,
but in the other nothing at all.
le) li Abraham was called "father Of the faith
fnl,' 1 it was because he was really destined to be
so: if Simon was called '-ihe rock," he might as
well have been called anything else.
(d) If his Master added. '"Upon this rock I will
build my church (St. Matt. xvi:18;, th»-re was no
allusion to the singular name which he had iust
given him, but only to his profession of faith; so
that every believer is just, as much a rock as be
was, without the perfectly needless process of
changing his name.
(c) If a whole series of magnifievnt prerogatives
were conferred upon him, as soon as his Creator
had named him "the rocs" an eternal supremacy
against "which the gates of hell shall noi prevail";
a benediction which the seraphim might envy ; ! lio
power to open and shut heaven; a power almost
without lirnlt, like to the power Of God (Ib.) — all
this was only a cumbrous way Ol saying thai his
faith was much to be commended.
• f) If be IB always named hetore the oih'T apos
tles— "the first, .Simon, who is called Peter."
(Ib. x:2j— in a book which purports to be inspired,
this ia only the result of an accident.
(r/) If to him alone it was sa-id, "To thoe I will
eivn the keys of the kingdom of heaven" (Ib.
xvi:l9). It probably means something but n,t
what all Christians supposed it to mean for more
than a thousand years.
(A) If he was told to work a miracle, in order to
Batisfy the demand of a la.xgatherer, and when he
had obtained money by such unusual means, to
'•give it for me and thee" (Ib. xvii :^6), no peculiar
connection with his Master, much less any s;i]>r<
m»cy in the church, can be seasonably Inferred
from so slight an incident.
(0 If St. Paul is careful to record thai he went
up to Jerusalem to see Peter (Gal. i:18), while he
it'i'is. •• other of the apostles saw I none," it is Idle
to suppose that he had any special motive in do
ing so, or that Peter had any special claim to be
visited.
U) If the same apostle relates of the risen Savior,
that "he was seen by Cephas, and after that by the
eleven' (I Cor. xv:s), perhaps this was because
Peter chanced to be in the neighborhood, or It may
be only another of the innumerable passages of
Holy (Scripture which n.ean nothing in particular.
(k) If even the ani<el, contributing to tlie general
delusion, said to those who found him sitting in
the sepulcher, '-(So tell his disciples and Peter""
this also was no recognition of his personal dignity]
I'lir. like all the corresponding texts, a purely ac
cidental form of words.
(0 If the disciples asked our Lord, "who is the
greater in the kingdom of heaven?" because as St.
Chrysostom observes, "they could not conceal a cer
tain human jealousy o! Peter's supremacy on
earth": either they were mistaken in resenting
the fa cled superiority, or St. Chrysostom is
dreaming that they did bo. (It is evident that
they had such thoughts, for St. Luke says(xxii:
j '24), -'there was v. strife amonjc them, which of
them should seem to be greater."
(m). If .-it. John relates that although he "outran
I'eter and came first to the sepnlcber, yet he went,
not in" (St. John xx:b-0) in sime of bis ardent
I love, but waited until Peter had preceded him,
I this was not out of respect for Peter's office, . nor
was there any more significance In the act itself
than in his care to record it in the Gospel.
(n) If to I'eter alone was committed by the
Masier, now triumphant over death and the jrave,
the superhuman task, "Feed my sheep, feed my
lambs" (St. John x.xi: 15-17). this again does not
distinguish him in any way from the oilier apoa-
I tles, to whom nothing of the kind was ever said,
■ nor from the rest of mankind, who are perfectly
competent to teed themselves without any assist
; ance j'roni Peter.* -
: (o) If he was the sole child of Adam to whom
the lioly One ever addressed the amazing assur
ance, "I have prayed for tbee that thy faith fail
not," and this because It would be henceforth his in
communicable function to •■conlirm liis brethren"
| (St hukexxil: 31, 3j). this does not imply that the
j solidity of his faith was in uny way connected with
the majesty of his olHce or needful to the integrity
oi Christian docirine; and though human lips
could not have uttered such words without at least
a grave purpose. divine tips could employ tnem
without tny purpose whatever.
(p) If, when Peter was uiiprison-d by Herod,
prayer was made without ceasing by the "cnurch
unto God lor him" (Acts xi:s), though no such uni
verssl supplication was offered foranyo;her apostle
not even for St. Paul in ull his bonds and acoiiro--
I lut;s. it does not follow that the liberty of her chief
was necessary to tne infant church, nor that "the
: 1 .or I sent his angel" to release him from prison for
that n-ason.
j (q) It one of the first acts of his pontifical reiga
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1896.
was to smite with the thunderbolt of heaven,
which it'll at his word, the prevaricators who "lircl
to the Holy Ghos:," because they lied to him. this
don not prove that <;o<i was his accomplice in the
discharge of an ollice to the support of which the
dreadful might of 00.l was so promptly lent
(Acts v:.-|.
(r) .Lastly. If 'J6O Roman pontiffs, surviv
ing by a perpetual miracle all human dynas
ties, nnd every vicissitude to which human tinnt;*
are inevitably subject, baffling all the assaults of
men and "the sates of hell," have claimed during
nineuen centuries to succeed him in his office, and
Christians have ulwaya believed that they did so by
most evident warrant of Holy Writ; this only
proves, on the one hand, that the lontr line of
pontiffs, for the most part of singular virtue, pro
fanely usurped an authority which God never in
tended to confer upon them; and on th»- other,
that all the friends of Go'l — saiDts, doctors, pre
lates, martyrs, virgins and confessors— con
nived, without any imaginable motive, at the
audacious usurpation, misconceived every lumi
nous text of -crip. ure on which It was confidently
but iti or.imly founded, and meanly bowed down
before a self cli ruler, generally a feeble and
helpless old man, who had no power whatever to
coerce their submission except what their own
free convictions pave him.
VI— THE PRIMACY OF THE POPE.
1. The society wtiieh Christ established to
teach his doctrines must last forever. He is
with it even to the end of the world.
2. This society rests upon the rock, and be
cause it rests upon the rock it is victorious
over the crates of hell; hence the rock masi en
dure us long as me church, lor no building can
Btand without a foundation.
3. Peter, therefore, must ever remain in the
church as its perpetual defense, as its ruler, as
the shepherd of the lambs and sheep.
4. But Peter lived only for a few years.
Therefore, unless he has a successor the plans
of ciuisi came to naught almost as soon as
tiny were put into operation. No one can
predicate this of him who is infinite wisdom
and infinite dower.
5. Now unless the Bishop of Rome is the suc
cessor of St. Peter, he has no successor. The
reason is simple that no one else has ever
claimed the title.
(i. Thm st. Peter was at Rome is admitted by
all learned Protestants, (a) Dr. Case .says that
"Peter was Ht Rome and for some time resided
there we Intrepidly affirm wiih the whole mul
titude of the ancients." (6) Dr. Nathaniel
Lardner says, "It is the general, uncontra
dieted, disinterested testimony of ancient
writers in the several parts of the world— Greeks,
La tins, Syrians —none denied the Bishop of Rome
to hare what they called the chair of Peter.
It is not to our honor nor our interest, either
as Christians or Protestants, to deny the truth
of event- ascertained by early and well-attested
tradition." (c) Whiston, the translator of the
works Josephuo, wrote In 1750, "Mr. Baratler
proves most thoroughly, as Bishop Pearson
had done before him. that rit. lVter was at
Rome. This is so clear in Christian antiquity
that it is a shame for any Protestant to con
fess that any Protestant ever denied it.
(cf)The Great Speaker's Commentary, Dr. Karrnr,
Grotius, WhitDy, Macknitrht, Hales, Thiersch,
Kwald, Kenan, Hilgenfeld, and a dozen other
non-Catholics of note lock upon it us a truism
that St. Peter wrote his first epistle from Rome.
7. That St. Peter was Bishop of Romp stands
on the unanimous testimony of the writers of
the first five centuries. In 451 the Council of
Chalcedon acknowledged it, in 431 the Council
of Ephesus refers to it, in 342 the Council of
Bardica spoke of it, in :-!14 the Council of Aries
culls Rome the ]>lace where the Apostles Peter
and Paul continually sit in judgment. In 315
Kusebus states that Peter had been twenty-five
years Bishop of Rome. In 250 St. Cyprian
calls that city the chair of Peter. In
•J'J.~> Hipnolytus counts Peter as first
hishopof Rome. In 100 Hegeseppus refers to
the same fact, and thus we are brought nearer
to the Prince of the Apostles than we are to
Washington, and even this siighi gulf is
bridged over by the testimonies of Ignatius
and clement. In a word there is more and
better testimony for the episcopate of St. Peter
at Home than there is for the canonicity or
authenticity ol many of the books of the >*ew
Testament.
file Bishop of Rome, therefore, as the &uc
cessoi of St. I'eter, is the head of the church. I
have thought it better 10 go at length into the
reasons for his headship In this letter because
these reasons will render it easier to ext lam
what his powers and privileges are in connec
tion with civil allegiance. Yours truly,
P. C. YOBKE.
POST6CBIPTDM.
The good citizenship meeting in Metropoli
tan Temple strikingly resembles a Chinese
raL The heathen in his blindness assidu
ously bangs the brazen cymbal in the belief
thai the noise will frighten ott' the devil. The
Patriots, with similar a.-siduity. clash their
jaws of brass, and hope that the reverb* rations
of the same will scare away the Pope oi Rome.
Mr. M. T. Brewer, who has not yet produced
his affidavits denying the authenticity of the
A. P. A. oath, declares that "of £700,000,000
expended by the Government of the United
States 7B per cent went to the benefit of the
Catholic one-twelfth of the population and
only 22 per cent to the Protestant HO per cent
of the population." This assertion l brand as
B falsehood, and I demand M. T. Brewer's
proofs.
Mr. W. K. Goodwin, whose lack of good
manners is only equaled by his lack of com
mon-sense, state- that Mexico was settled by
the best blood of Spain. Does Mr. W.R.Good
win know what is the percentage of pure white
blood, pure Indian blood and mixed blood iv
the Mexican population of to-day? P. c. Y.
HENRY L. DODGE CHOSEN
He Is Re-elected as President of
the Board of Educa
tion.
A Strong Effort Was Made to Have
Director H. C. Henderson Accept
the Nomination.
Henry L. Dodge was re-elected President
of the Board of Education yesterday after
noon at a special meeting of that body.
Directors Clinton, Comte and Knox
were away during the greater part of the
afternoon, coming in at the last moment
and carrying the day for their choice on the
Jast ballot.
It was generally acknowledged that there
were but three candidates in the field —
Henry L. Dodge, Charles A. Murdock and,
in the event of further balloting, H. C.
Henderson.
Ihe latter had six votes in the board at
the start, but. refused to hare then: cast on
account of the absence of Comte and his
two Republican confreres. He feared a
split in the party vote and urged his
friends to put all their force toward elect
ing Dodge.
When Chairman Dodge called the meet
ing to order, explaining its purpose, H. T.
Scott placed him in nomination on the
ground that "regardless of party he had
been a fair and impartial presiding officer."
The nomination was seconded by Direc
tor Muraock.
President Dodge asked to be beard be
fore the nominations were closed, saying
that he had no desire to again be nomin
ated or elected to the presidency and
would not accept the honor excepting that
nis friends had so much insisted he should.
"However," he said, '"I wish to place in
nomination a gentleman who has lor years
had experience in this board and who is
fully capable of conducting its affairs as
they should be conducted. I place in
nomination Charles A. Murdock."
Balloting was proceeded with, there
being ten members present. While the
ballots were being dropped in came Direc
tor Clinton, who delayed the proceedines,
asking to be informed" of the status of the
case. Receiving the desired information
he, too, droppeu his ballot in the hat and
they were counted.
"Eleven votes," announced the tellers.
"Ambrose. 1; blank, 2; Carew, 1; Mur
do'k, 1; Dodge, 6."
Director A. Comte Jr. came in at this
juncture and tne second ballot was taken,
giving Henry L. Dodge the necessary
seven votes to elect him. Ambrose
received two votes and Clinton one. Mur
dock and Carew both dropped out. These
were the only changes.
Cable-Car Accident.
Michael McUowan, who sells newspapers at
Tenth and Howard streets, was knocked down
by a cable-car at Third and Howard streets
last ni{,'ht and was cut over the right eye. He
was under the influence of liquor at the time.
The wound was dressed at the Receiving Hos
pital. Mr. M cCowan used to be known in Ne
vada as 'Mike McGowan, the man-eater."
A Libel Charge Denied.
Daniel T. Farley, formerly a captain of one
of the lire tugs, has brought suit for $10,000
Beainst Harbor Commissioner Colnon for al
leged libel in having made statements leflect-
Ingon his ability. Mr. Colnou last night de
nied having made the statements attributed to
him by Captain Farley.
Music, magazines,' papers, etc., bound neatly
by tbe,Mysell-BjolUngCo.,?2C)ay. •
SLEPT AMONG SNAKES.
Dr. Maximilien Schumann's Dan
gerous Experience in the
Quemada Ruins.
BLANKETS FULL OF RATTLERS.
The Explorer's Story of His Journey
on the Trail of Stanley to
Leopoldville.
"When I was collecting specimens oi
plants and animals in Zacatecas," said the
noted Dr. Maximilien Schumann yester
day, "I had an experience with rattle
snakes which came near being the death
of me."
The doctor had just returned from Sac
ramento, where he had been for a couple
of days on a hunting trip. He is the Bel
gian explorer and naturalist who went
through Africa, and is now bound to
Thibet for the Baron de Kothschild and
the Institution of Natural Sciences of
Luxemburg;. In telling of his advent
ures, he said :
1 had gone a day's journey on horseback
from the city of Zacatecas to"the southeast
to examine some old Toltec ruins there. These
are known as the Quemada ruins. They are
DR. SCHUMANN, TIM. EXPLORER.
\ Sketched from life b>/ a "CaU" artist.]
very extensive. I got there, late at night. I i
had shot a couple of doe on the way, and had !
thrown them across my pack animal.
On my arrival within the ruins 1 lit a lire to
get my supper, after which 1 spread ioy ;
blauki-ts ami lay down. In the morning when
I woke up I threw my hand outside of the i
blanket and it almost touched a big, poisonous j
I rattlesnake. I escaped by the merest chance, j
Looking toward my feet, what was my as- :
: tonishiuent to see rattlesnakes all over the j
blankets. There were no less than six of them, \
besides the one that had so narrowly missed I
my band.
The reptiles were not the crotalus horrichus
or aiarnond crotalus known m California, but
i the crotalus milarius found in the hot regions. I
They are very poisonous. When I had lit my :
tire in the evening I could not see the snakes,
which, l presume, bad crept aiong the walls. ;
j The ttltitude ot Zncutecas and the old ruins is '
' between 7000 and 8000 feet, and it gets quite
cold at night.
My fire was what undoubtedly attracted j
them. When they pot out toward it they j
! found my bed, and", discerning the warm blan
kets, crawled upon them and went to sleep.!
; 1 have always thought it was almost miracu- I
[ loua that I escaped being bitten. As I div not }
: wan; the snakes, having already all 1 wanted, ;
! 1 killed them, and nailed them all to the adobe j
wail, with my curd on each.
The lizzards nnd other reptiles which I got
i there I salted away in casks and forwarded tp
Europe. It is a general belief among the In
dians, notably mining the Creeks, Oheroicees
and Choctawa in Indian Territory, where 1 1
was for a time, that if one is bitten by a rattle- j
snake all he has to do to prevent fatality is to |
eat the snake. But I never discovered any vir- |
tue in tli is. The best remedy is to immedi- ,
; ately bind a tho g above the wound, so that ;
the poison cannot circulate higher. Then cut ;
; an incision below the wound and squeeze out
a.s much blood as possible. Then, if to the
wound is made an application of potash, or |
any alkali, there is almost no danger.
1 got the best eoilection of reptiles from Mex
| ico, and forwarded them to Europe, that has
ever been seen there. The rattlesnakes were
so plentiful that they could be seen by thou
sands and thousands.
I had a good ninny rough experiences. Sev
eral times I could get almost nothing to eat.
Once 1 was refused anything to eat by the In
dians when I hadn't had anything to eat for
nearly two days before. I traveled with two
horses and sometimes three. I rode one and
carried my packs on the other. I was armed
with a Smith <fc Wesson six-shooter, a Win
chester rifle and a European shotgun. Pre
vious to going to chihuahua and Zacatecas I
had collected specimens in Texas, as well as
Indian Territory. Down on an island in the Rio
Grande the Indians not long since, while I was
in the vicinity, killed United States Marshal
Jones. They are very savage and suspicious.
I got along without trouble, though they were
at times ugly.
In regard t o mv experiences in Africa, I went
there in 1889 for the Belgian Government, and
stayed eighteen months. I landed at the port
of Bannnua, in the Congo Free State, and went
700 milts up in the interior. I had a number
of guards and besides these thirty native :
carriers.
There were then no railroads, nothing but a
wilderness. We proceeded to several native
towns, some of which had as many as (50,000
inhabitants each. We reached successively
Boma, Viva ami Matadi, the latter being at the
first Congo falls. Thence we proceeded to
Leopoldville, and on further into the interior.
The houses of the towns are all made of banana
leaves, except where the Arabs were. Their
houses were of adobe and sometimes of stone.
Kach town was governed by some form of re
ligion.
These natives have eight hundred different
languages nnd over three hundred different
religions. Stanley doesn't state that. The
Mangalas, for instance, have a religion in
which three different kinds of goats typify the
spirits influencing them. The white goat,
which is good, lives in the water. The black
goat, which is bad, lives in the mountains, and
then there is a red coat, which always lives in
trees. It is supposed to influence women.
The region through which I passed with my
cavalcade was infested with all kinds of wild
and ravenous beasts. There were so many
leopards that one hardly dare sleep at night.
Then there was an abundance of black and
yellow lions, elephants and rhinoceros, be
sides some tigers. I killed all kinds of animals
except tiger. I never got one of them, though
I would have liked to.
In regard to my journey to Thibet, which I
have undertaken for the Baron de Rothschild
of Paris and the Institution of Sciences of Lux
emburg, I expect to be gone four years. I want
to return in time for the exposition at Paris,
and after that I will settle down. While I am
abroad I will study Sanskrit, as will as explore
and collect new and strange aninals and bot
anical specimens.
My primary object ingoing to Thibet, aside
from the explorations, is to collect orchids for
the Baron de Rothschild. The Baron has at
present the best collection in the old world'
And bis wife, the Baroness, is an authority on
orchids. lam to get new varieties. These are
to be had on the Brahma Poutra River.
It is true that traveling in Thibet is very
daugerous. Vice-President Leo Dumaril of the
Paris Geological Society was killed there last
year. His head was found in one place and his
instruments in another. Parts of his body
were found in other places. I shall travel on
horseback. That is my way of getting around.
1 expect to go over a large part of continental
Asia in this way. The Luxemburg Institution
of Sciences desires me to collect reptiles almost
exclusively for it.
1 would like to kill a gmzly bear in Cali
fornia before I leave, but I am told they are
now difficult to find, so I presume I will have
to give that up. I expected to pail on the
steamer of the 9tb, but 1 understand now that
I cannot reach Canton by it, so I shall be
obliged to wait for the next steamer.
NEW IDEA FOR YACHTSMEN
Is It Something Better Than
Center-Board or Fin
Keel?
It Is Called a Hydrostatic Outrigger
and It Might Prevent a Boat From
Heeling in a Gale.
A resident of this city, says the Roch
ester (N. V.) Post-Express, is confident
that he has invented an appliance for
yachts which will enable shipbuilders to
construct a boat that, other things being
equal, will run away from the best yacht
now in existence, sailing in any direction,
in light or high winds.
The inventor, Edmond Redmond, has
obtained a patent on the invention, and
should it on trial prove to possess the
merit claimed for it, there can be no doubt
that its introduction will mark the open
ing of a new era in yachting.
The invention is designed to impart sta
bility and sail-carrying power to a yacht
without the employment of the center
board or fin keel. The principle involved
in t lie apparatus is simply the use of water
in a suitable receptacle, acting on a lever
to resist the tendency of the craft when the
wind rises to cither careen or run its bow
under water.
Jn center-board yachts lateral resist
ance to drifting is* obtained from tbe
board, while stability is looked for in the
width of the craft. The lin-keel variety of
boat derives both stability and lateral
resistance from the fin with its leaden
appendix. The merits and demerits of
both these types have been discussed un
til nothing new can easily be said about
either.
The Rochester invention introduces a
new plan for accomplishing what it has
been sought to attain by the old ones. If
a boat can be made by it to sail on even
keel under all conditions of wind and wa
ter it will have little tendency to fall off its
course, thus removing the only reason for
the employment of the center-board. And
if the stability imparted by the tin and its
leaden bulb is secured without the bottom
scraping projection a superior boat should
be the result.
In the new invention a tubular arm is
provided to extend from the middle of the
deck out over the rail, being adjustable on
either side. Tbe deck-end of the tube is
attached by a joint to a pump, from which
water can be sent through the tube to a
tank or sack on the outer end of the tube.
The tube is under control of guys, by which
it enn bo hauled fore or aft and fixed at
any point. The tank is provided with a
▼vale,;by which the water can be let out.
It is claimed that the tube, acting as a
lever, will, with a few hundred pounds of
water in the tank, exert a leverage on
whichever side of the vessel it may be ex
tendea, equal to many tons of weight sus
pended from the keel, for the tube-lever
may be as long as a boom. As the tank
does not touch the water in which the boat
is sailing, it offers no resistance to the
progress of the craft, a very palpable ad
vantage over the fin-keel which has to be
driven through the water at a deuth vary
ing with the draught of the craft and of
course retards its progress.
Yachtsmen who have seen the apparatus
say that, apart from the question of its
utility, which has still to be proved, it
would not be allowed on a yacht in a race
conducted under the rules now generally
prevailing, which prohibit shifting ballast.
The objection may be good, but as the rule
was made with reference to solid ballast
and when no such idea as this was known
to adepts in nautical affairs, it is thought
that if the contrivance proves in practice
to be of value, paper rules will have given
way to its introduction.
The transverse sliding seat in use in
sailing canoes and the outrigger, with a
man or men for weight, employed by
the South Sea islanders, are on the same
principle as the Rochester invention,
wliich differs from them in employing
water for the desired windward weight.
As the water can be either taken in or dis
charged in any quantity, and rapidly, its
use as proposed lias manifest advantages
over either live weight or the bags of
sand which were used when shifting
ballast was allowed. One or two lively
tars, or a storage battery, would, it is
claimed, pump enough water in thirty sec
onds to fill a 500-pound pocket at the end
of the righting icver and, overcomlng'the
tendency to heel, bring the boat up on
her best sailing lines. The vast deposits
of pig lead that are now stowed in the
holds of yachts to make them *tiff could
be in a largf; measure dispensed with, only
enough soiid ballast being required to pre
serve the boat's equilibrium in "stays."
As the apparatus itself would be fight
there could be one for each side, the idle
one, that on the lee side, being hauled in
when the lee became tbe windward side.
FOR THE ALVARADO ACRES
Forty Years of Litigation Ended
by the Supreme
Court.
THE LAST APPEAL DISMISSED.
A Cloud Which Has Impaired Contra
Costa Land Titles Finally-
Dispelled.
The Supreme Court yesterday, in dis
missing the last appeal in the Emeric vs.
Alvarado land suit, quieted forever a liti
gation that has become historically of vast
importance; that is famous over a great
part of the United States, and that has
held the attention of courts and lawyers
for over forty years.
The San Pablo rancho, the tract in
question, originally contained 17,000 acres.
It lies just beyond the northern boundary
of Berkeley, and includes a greater part of
the town of San Pablo.
The first possessor was Francisco Maria
Castro, commandant some sixty years ago
at Yerba Buena, the site of San Francisco.
His martial services against the Indians
gained him favor with the Spanish Gov
ernment and as a reward he was granted
three square leagues of land, which were
afterward increased to four leagues, on the
east shore of San Pablo and San Francisco
bays, and lying in what is now called Con
tra Costa County.
Francisco Castro, with his wife and
family, settled on this newly acquired
property near the present little town of
San Pabio, on the Southern Pacific Rail
road. An old record states: "Castro and
his family, consisting of his wife and ten
children, resided upon, occupied and ex
ercised acts of dominion over the land for
eignt years."
Castro died in 1831. In his last testa
ment lie bequeathed to his wife Gabriela
de Castro an equal and undivided half
interest of this vast estate, and to his ten
children and the issue of his deceased
daughter was willed to each a one twenty
second share. The old record states
the distribution as "eleven equal
ii dividual twenty-second parts thereof
to his surviving widow, and one
equal undivided twenty-second part
thereof to each of his children then liv
ing, and a like undivided twenty-second
part thereof to his grandchildren, heirs of
his deceased daughter Francisca."
All through the subsequent litigation of
the estate this division was rejected.
Joaqum Castro, the eldest son of Fran
cisco Castro, the executor of his father's
will, obtained in 18:55 a confirmation of
the original Government grant, and also
obtained an increase to the estate of an
other square league, making four leagues
in all. From tins time until 1850 the-af
fairs of the estate were conducted on the
lines the will had laid down.
Before 1850 three of the ten children
died and their one twenty-second parts by
law reverted to their mother. She thus
became the possessor of fourteen twenty-
Becond parts of the property.
Mrs. Castro died in 1851, deeding to her
favorite daughter, Martina Castro, wife of,
the Mt-xican Governor of California, Juan
B. Alvarado. Thus Mrs. Alvarado be
came the owner of fifteen twenty-seconds
of the rancno.
The other heirs were dissatisfied with
this partiality shown to the eldest dauen
tcr and appealed to the Mexican courts,
which decreed that Mrs. Castro's interest
should only be through life, and that on
her death the property should be divided
equally among the eight surviving heirs.
This engendered a litigation which con
tinued until 18.">f), when all litigants ap
peared satisfied with a partition on a basis
of eighths rather than, as the will orig
inally provided, into twenty-seconds.
From this period the real litigation be
gan, transfers of the land were made by
the children to white settlers who looked
to the proximity of what promised to be a
metropolis for the establishment of their
homes.
There appears to have been the greatest
confusion in these early transfers. The
heirs of Castro in many cases who held
undivided interests, sold specific areas,
and others sold more than they really
owned and resold this again until in a few
years the affairs of the estate were in a
hopelessly entangled condition.
The partition that was expected in 1856
on tiie basis of eighths was never effected
and those who had purchased of the Castro
descendants found themselves without
titles to their homes and that tney or their
successors, who had held the land for
nearly a generation, must relinquish their
rights to other parties showing a priority
of claim.
The Aivarado contingent, aided by bril
liant lejral talent, determined to claim
fifteen twenty-seconds of the entire ranch.
Then followed the dramatic portion of the
history. Attorneys passed the lie in
court and purchasers who endeavored to
settle on their lands were driven from
their hastily constructed homes. The suit
of Emerie against Aivarado was instituted
in the interest of the Aivarado title Emerie
had purchased from Mrs. Aivarado.
After years of litigation, during which
time the ca9e passed from one court to an
other and two or three appeals had been
made to the Supreme Court, an interlocu
tory decree was rendered in 1869 by Judge
Maguire, in which the method of parti
tion was defined, and his decision was
based directly on the will of old Sergeant
Castro, and the Aivarado claimants secured
fifteen twenty-seconds of the rancho.
In 1891 Judge Hebbard appointed three
referees to partition the property among
the numerous claimants, who at that time
numbered over 260. The referees ap
pointed were John F. Sheehan, Albert D.
Crane and R. P. Hammond. They found
by survey the ranch to consist of over
19.000 acres. The son of Joseph Emerie,
who originated the suit, was awarded the
largest share — 2500 acres.
In this final distribution many parties
were dissatisfied, and especially with the
large amount to which the fees summed
up.
Altogether $107,000 was charged as fees
and laid as a pro rata lien on the holdings
of the different claimants; $18,000 was paid
for attorneys' fees and over $15,000 to re
munerate surveyors.
The partition was made by the referees
with the aid of Surveyor George P. Allen.
This decree of partition became final, for
although, a» has be^n stated, dissatis
faction was provote.d regarding what was
considered the exorbitant fees and injus
tice of the discussion, only W
B. Hellings and wife, who had
purchasea their lanu from Leota
Gutierrez, appealed from this final decree
to the Supreme Court. They claimed that
certain portions of the land awarded them
by the interlocutory decree of Jud^e Ma
guire were not entered in the final decree
after the partition by the referees. The
other defendants of the mammoth suit
dropped out and now the suit ends with
this last dismissal.
GENTLEMEN WHO SHOOT
The Columbia Pistol and Kifle Club
Adopts F. O. Young's New Point
Target.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held
its third annual meeting and election of
officers last evening. The president, Dr.
Leo Rogers, spoke of the wonderful in
crease of the club's members and of their
improvement in the use of the pistol and
rifle. The secretary, F. 0. Young, re
ported that the organization is on a sound
financial basis, having money in the treas
ury.
After discussinc; Mr. Young's new target
and its many advantages to the marksmen
over the others the target was adopted by
the clur>, and at the request of Mr. Young
it was named tne Columbia target, it
resembles ihe German 25-point target in
appearance. Instead ot starting from the
center with twenty-live as on the German
the Columbia begins with one, the center
beinsr an inch in diameter. The rings are
half an inch apa't.
After in ucli discussion the club decided
upon making a change in the competition
for medals as radical as that of the target.
During the present season the members'
medals will be the same as last year. All
comers' medals— Unfred medal, line rifle,
live shots to a score; Columbia diamond
medal, live shots to the score; Ghnder
mann medal— Military rifle, ten shots; 23
--caliber rifle, ladies' medal, live shots; gen
tlemen's medal, five shots; all-round
medal, same as last year; rest-shooting
medal, rive shots; revolver medal, tive
shots.
The following were elected as officers i
President. Dr. Leo Rogers; vice-president,
Ed Hovey; secretary, F. O. Young; as
sistant secretary, J. E. Gorman. D. W.
McLuughlin was appointed as one of the
executive committee.
Several new marksmen who aspire to
win honors at the targets were admitted
to membership, and the report was made
that a number of others had sent in appli
cations lor membership.
A FRANCHISE IN DANGER
Right to Bring Forfeiture Pro
ceedings Invoked by Cit
izens.
Conditions of the Award Ignored by
the Metropolitan Railway Corpo
ration—A Vigorous Protest.
An animated session of the Ashbury
Heights and Stanyan-street Improvement
Club was held last night at the residence
of F. W. M. Lange, on Carl street, near
.Stanyan. .Representatives of the South
side Improvement Club were present and
spirited protests were uttered against the
outrageous manner in which xhe Metro
politan Electric road is managed by the
Market-street Company.
The incensed propsrty-owners had some*
thing else to talk about last evening than
the imperfect service of the road. At half
past 6 o'clock D. L. Westover, a worthy
citizen, was violently bounced from a car
and thrown into the street by a burly con
ductor and a subservient police officer.
Mr. Westover took a transfer at the corner
of Page and Clayton streets.
He wanted to go to Stanyan street, bu»
there was not sufficient power on the Carl
street line to run the cars. So he waited
until the next car came along to journey
three blocks nearer home on the line that
he tad transferred from. The conductot
refused to accept the transfer, and Mr.
Wehtover declined to pay another fare.
The citizen was standing on his rights, but
the imperious conductor, backed by the
police, ejected him.
The property-owners in that region of
the City have petitioned Attorney-Gen
eral Fitzgerald for the right to bring suit
for a forfeiture of the franchise of the
Metropolitan Railway Company. The peti
tion was prepared December 17, and is
now signed by many influential residents
and property-holder 3. The petition seta
forth that the franchise was granted De
cember 9, 1890, to the San Francisco Syn
dicate and Trust Company, and was sub
sequently assigned to the Metropolitan
Jlailway Company.
The petition further avers that the Mar
ket-street Railroad Company has since
become the owner of the road and the
franchises.
The general ground of complaint in the
petition to the Attorney-General is
that the conditions on which the
franchise was granted have not been
fulnlled. It is asserted that since
the Ist day of June. 1895, no railway has
been operated or railway cars run for the
accommodation of passengers or other
wise upon those portions of the streets
named in 3aid franchise and described as
follows: "That portion of Scott street ex
tending from O'Farrell to Fell street; that
portion of Feil street extending from Scott
to Baker street, and that portion of Baker
street extending from Fell to Page street.
"No part of said railway was operated,
nor any car run thereou from August 1,
1895, to September 1, 1895, on any part of
the line west of Clayton street."
As the line is now managed, on Carl
street cars are now run from 6 a. m. to 10 A.
m. every twenty minutes, and then do no|
run again until from 6 p. m. to 11 :50 p. m.
People living in the Sunset district^
Ashbury Heights and south of the parlQ
are not receiving the facilities of transport
tation which the franchise contemplates.
Citizens in that region of the City assert
that the railroad has simply intrenchecj
itself against other companies. It refuses
to provide service and holds fast ta
privileges under the franchise to prevent
other lines from building roads to serve*
the people. So greatly incensed are the
residents that all the improvement claba
are banding together to bring the common
enemy to terms.
The petition so extensively signed by
the injured property-owners will be sub*
mitted to the Attorney-General to-day o»
to-morrow.
George A. Rankin, president of the Ash
bury Heights and Stanyan-street Improve.
ment Club, presided at the meeting last
night. A. J. Fritz, secretary of the club.
was also present. Among other property
owners attending were:
George H. Rankin, George T. Gaden
J. W. Westover, W. R. Walkup, F. W M*
Lange. Eugene N. Fritz, J. V. Pitchford.
E. D. Hunt, Fred Koster, M. A. Fritz H
Beveridge, A. Hugle, Ida Mever, Max
Rosenstine, Alex Rattenstein, H. Stettin
P. A. McDonald, Dr. A. Prosek, C. H.
Rider, Louis Helbing, J. D. Cranston. D.
H. Foley and J. J. Welch.
No Tacks
In hand-sewed shoes, no tacks
in Goodyear Welts ; that's where
they are alike. Hand-sewed]
shoes rip, Goodyear Welts don't
rip; that's where they differ.
Ask your shoe man.
COODYEAR SHOE MACH'Y CO., BOSTON
©SHiS DISEASES
dlislv SWAYN E'S
ABSOLUTELY CURES. UiNTMENT
tarn glinplo application of " Swaths** Onmtairr" wlth*^
bdt internal mxUcine, will core may ease or Tatter Salt
Hbenni. Pilft.ltoh.Sorea.Plaiplra.lryfipeiu ka.
bo matter now obetinate or 'omttaodiog. S*M br (tro*ri'rtol
cr «nt by mail for 60 ct>. S Boxe*. fi.M AddreJ Div
BvATaa 6 So», FUUOelf bu, ?•. A£k /oux 4nactnte)3»
i*ttSft^&Lt& DON'T PAY
' $30 ot ° for an Klpctrla
ntt-<^rr^r^^lnk '' (It wnrn ' vt; will se yon
I^jJ^ ; I :. "-■;., &3 - ft ' r bt-t".er one at, froni
WVFSyziLj&r&Zfrfm >r> !o $ -° Buy no belt
£plMHS£rHj3^?> ""til you exiiminL- DH.
?)ff^i^SS^^. PXKHCE'S. Has cutrens
jifr* r^A- — ii t regulator and all latest lm-
<wi* provements. Pamphlet
'^Ati fr<?e - bailor address DR.
Sacramento street. San Francisco. Cal.
STORRS' "~
ASTHMA REMEDY,
CURES ASTHMA. Stops the severest paroxysm*
inUXK MLVUTK 10c. , 25c and 50c sizes All
druggists have it, or any size will ba mailed oa
"^KIBBLER'S PHARMACY
KIBBLER'S PHARMACY
SW.'.Cor. J-arkin aad Turk Stg., 8. r;