VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 150.
THE GREAT BATTLE
AS IT STANDS.
Likely to Be Many Ballots
at the St. Louis Con
vention.
CLARKSON GIVES FACTS.
The Opposition to McKinley Will
Have a Majority at the
Start.
A DELIBERATIVE CONVENTION.
Figures Given Out by Grosvenor Are
.Greatly Exeggerated and
.">... . ' Misleading.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3.— Among
.'the Republicans in Washington to-day are
Mr. FesSenden, member of the Republican
National Committee for Connecticut, and
Tlon.J. S. Clarkson, member ol the same
. committee for lowa. The gentlemen had
. a conference with Senator." Quay and Alli
■ .son and other friends. In the evening Mr.
■ClarKson was seen and asked by a Call
correspondent:
''Has McKinley a majority ol the dele
.. gates already, and what of the claim that
he.will "be nominated by acclamation?"
. " "He. has not nearly a majority yet, nor
will he, in my jndement, enter the con
vention with a majority." replied Clark
son. "Indeed,' he •will be shorter of a ma
jority on thefirst ballot at St. Louis than
Blame was in the emotional year of 1876,
Grant in 1880 or Sherman in 1888, when
the latter in a field of fourteen candidates
voted for qn the first ballot had 329 votes.
He will not be nominated by acclamation,
because I can say positively that Allison,
Quay and Morton will remain in the con
test, and so, surely, will Reed, and I judge
so will Bradley and Cullom. The States
of the first four-named gentlemen have
instructed their delegates to go to St.
Louis to present these pentlemen's names
to the National Convention, and there is
no doubt that this will be done. Allison
has not the least idea of withdrawing, nor
has lowa any idea of giving up the fight.
I believe this is true of other candidates
and their States.
"McKinley will; fall from 80 to 100 votes
short of enough to nominate at the start.
- and the field will represent from 525 to 550
. otes. By the field I mean Allison, Reed,
Quay. Bradley, Morton and Cullom,
already suggested, and such other avail
able men as Harrison, Lincoln, Foraker,
Hobart, Davis and General Tracy of New
York, and others who might be fitly men
tioned;- for our party is as rich in its ca
pable reserve of available candidates as it
is strong in the candidates offered. No
man fit to be President or receiving a call
from bis party could or would resist the
.". duty to accept tire nomination for Presi
. dent."' •
"You believe that new names may pos
sibly be considered at St. Lous?"
"That is always suppoaable, and, in
years of emotional campaigns sucn as this
.'•. has been so far, nearly always inevitable.
It is a. historic fact in American politics
that at the culmination of an enthusiastic
campaign every party, from instinct at
least, avoids the perils of a factional or
emotional nomination. The Republican
party has aiwiiys followed this rule, ex
cept in Blame's case in 1884, when defeat
followed at the polls. The National Con
vention at St. Louis will put party inter
est above any man's ambition, and choose
not a factional candidate, but one who
'.-■'■ will draw every ■ Republican vote at the
polls and thus make part}' defeat impos
,; sible."' . . •
. "You believe the field, as you call it,
■ will hold firm?"
"I do, It knows that McKinley cannot
be nominated without its help, and many
of McKinley's delegates know it. too.
There are mdre McKinley delegates likely
to break than among delegates in the field.
Enthusiasm and'emotion do not stampede
delegates. Besides, enthusiasm is as often
a warning as an assurance. For instance,
the enthusiasm for McKinley among Re
publicans and in Republican papers is
good enough, but the enthusiasm for him
in the Democratic papers is not so good in
k itself nor so reassuring to our party."
"Then you. do not believe the story that
the delegates for favorite sons will break?"
"No; all the talk about bosses and co
ercion and unwilling delegates is absurd.
This has been a. contest of absolutely free
choice. If absolute free choice has been
hindered anywhere it has been in Ohio
alone, and if there are any reluctant dele
gates who will vote against their own per
sonal choice and judgment it will be
eighteen delegates in Obio. In no other
State has there been an organized attempt
to coerce delegates with State pride or
Sta.te power."
"Then you mention General Harrison as
being in the field of available candidates?"
"Yes; every man fit to be President and
who is a good Republican is always avail
able to his party; and Harrison is a good
Republican and responsive to party duty.
What the people demand this year in the
Republican candidate and platform if a
certainty. In one respect Harrison would
give the earliest certainty of any one who
could be nominated, for the day he should
be nominated the country would know
exactly what his policy as President would
be on tariff, and exactly what it would be
on finunce, and this would quickly bring
confidence and good times behind it."
"You have seen General Grosvenor's
tables?"
"Yes, and they are grossly inaccurate.
He claims far too many votes for McKin
iey and appropriates practically all tbe
contested votes, of which there will be a
h-undred or more. The public should be
treated candidly and given figures that are
accurate,. and contested votes should not
be claimed for any candidate as yet. As
of Grosvenor's inaccuracies, he
counts practically all of Texas for McKin-
Jcy, while McKinley has at most six votes
in that State and three of them contested.
He counts all the votes in Tennessee as
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
instructed for McKinley when, in truth,
a resolution of instructions was simply for
delegates to vote for McKinley as long as
a majority of the delegates should deem it
wise — and it is very doubtful if a majority
of delegates in that State are for McKin
ley.
•'He claims many votes in Louisiana,
where McKinley only has two and per
haps only one. He claims Alabama prac
tically solid, while every seat is contested
in Alabama. He claims all but five of
Georgia, while there are conceded nine un
contested anti- McKinley delegates in that
State and eight delegates contested. He
claims Florida, which has made a double
delegation, the McKinley delegation
elected by a minority of votes of the State
Convention, or an illegal body. He claims
the votes in Mississippi, while nine and
perhaps twelve of the legal delegates in
that State are against McKinley. The re
sult in Illinois has been exaggerated to
McKinley's benent and Grosvenor claims
it as practically solid, whereas it will take
the first ballot at St. Louis to show
whether it will be a majority for McKinley
or a majority against him. Many more
mistakes could be pointed out, but these
are samples of the rest."
"Are you ready to give figures by
States?"
"Yes; I will give them as I have gained
them by an industrious gathering of my
own from the first sources and by compar
son with figures of others. Here is an ap
proximate table of the first ballot divided
between McKinley and the field and the
unsettled contests so far as the delegates
have yet been elected :
Alabama
Arkansas t. .........
California.
Colorado
Connecticut ,
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Idaho ;..;.
Illinois.
Indiana.
lowa ;
Kansas
Kentucky.
Louisiana.
Maine
Maryland.
Massachusetts
Michigan.
Minnesota.
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska.. ;.
Nevada.... ..:
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New York
North Carotins. ;
North Dakota
Ohio
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota......
Tennessee.
Texa5..........
Utah.
Vermont .'.
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia.
Wisconsin '
District of Colombia.
Arizona
New Mexico. '...
Oklahoma
Alaska, :
Indian Territory
Wyoming .. j
Stath
a' S "-3 « »
5? o Jf go
P *s* O E3 *•
a X S" C <» <t
a 3 a ■ s?
■«•!£■ - " 2
ifl? •* 8 I
* • i_j - • &
5ki:::;J?::::
X I :::::::::::: 1
is .... 12 :::: ...
6 .... 6
8 8 ....
2« 9 9 8 ...
6 6
48 22 30 .... 6
30 16 10 .... 4
28 an
M) 16 / • 4
26 7 19 ...' ....
16 2 14
12 .... 12
16 1 2 12 .... 2
SO .... 30
28 18 ........ 10
18 14 4
18 18 ....
34 20 4 .... 10
6 6
16»16
1 ?. 16 :::::-- 8
8 ... 8
20 8 15
75 2 88!.. . 2
22 2 4 .... 16
« 6
46 40 6
64! 4 60
8 8
18 ........ 18 ....
8 8
'24 10 12 .... 3
30 3 20 7 ....
6' .... tf ;
8 8
24 14 10
8 8
13 2 2 .... 8
2* 24
2 .... 2
6 .... 6
' 6 16 .... ....
6 15 .... ....
2 .... 2
2 2
jig j?q .... .£ , 6
918 298 403 81 130
Total* i
Mr. Clarkson continued as follows*
"There is a pretense of contest in Arizona,
but a majority of the legally called con
vention elected three Allison and three
Quay delegates. Twenty-four hours after
it had adjourned sine die a McKinley
convention was called, without authority,
and six so-called McKinley delegates
elected. There are more contests in
Texas than the above table indicates, but
they are mainly between Reed and Allison.
By the rules of party all these contests
will first be heard by the National Com
mittee, which makes up a temporary roll
of the National Convention. Each State
in temporary convention elects a member
of the committee on credentials, and con
testants are beard again before this com
-1 mittee. The convention itself will also
hear the contests through the report of
the committee on credentials, so there will
be three careful examinations of all these
contests, insuring the fairest decision."
"What about reports as to the National
Committee and how it stands, and how
are these contests going to be decided?"
"The National Committee is made up of
good and trained Republicans, the most of
them long in service, and all of them care
ful of the party's interest and honor and
all representative men in their respective
States. While a majority of the National
Committee doubtless prefers some other
candidates from personal choice and party
interest, it is safe to say that they will give
as fair a hearing to every contest as will
the committee on credentials or the con
vention itself. Fonr-fifths of the contests
are represented by McKinley people, who
bolted from regular State or district con
ventions of the party. The convention at
St. Louis, which is going to be a very seri
ous affair, will result in showing that the
sober judgment of the majority of dele
gates in that body will, from party inter
ests, be in favor of some other candidate
than McKinley."
MANLEY IS CONFIDENT.
Say* the lit. J.otiit Contention Atone Can
Determine the llrtult.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3.— Mr.
Manley of MalDe to-night gave out the
following statement:
"Since my statement of a week ago there
have been elected forty -six delegates. The
elections have occurred in Michigan, Illi
nois, Missouri, Arizona, Indian Territory,
Vermont, Alabama and Georgia. They
•can be assigned as follows: In Alabama
and Arizona two sets of delegates have
been elected and they are therefore placed,
as they ought to be, in the contested col
umn; Indian Territory, Michigan. Mis-
Bouri and Illinois are placed in the column
for Governor McKinley.
The convention in Vermont was a sur
prise to the friends of Mr. Reed. They
had a right to expect that Vermont would
join with the rest of New England and
send a delegation pledged to the support
of the New England candidate. The dele
gates selected unquestionably prefer the
nomination of Mr. Reed. How far they
will feel bound by the declaration of pref
erence for Governor McKinley by their
convention time alone will determine. It
must be remembered that the convention
did not instruct the delegates and left
them free to exercise their own judgment.
Preferences and even instructions in the
past have not uniformly governed the del
egates, because the conditions under
which they were passed did not exist at
the time the delegates were called upon to
discharge the duties intrusted to them.
The situation to-day is as follows :
For Mr. Reed 162; for Governor McKin!ey
275; for all other candidates 217; contested
and doubtful 95; Vermont 8.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, MAY 4, 1896.
PROTECTION IS SAFE. SAVE SILVER.
This mates 757 delegates elected and
leaves 161 yet to be chosen. The contest
is not yet settled, and can alone be deter
mined by the delegates when they meet
in convention at St. Louis.
"NOT OUT Of THE WOODS."
What Eoc- Senator Platt Say a of the
McKinley Campaign.
NEW YOKK, May 3. - Ex- Senator
Thomas C. Platt made the following state
ment to-night:
"The McKinley followers are hurrahing
before they are out of the woods. If they
are to be believed, the man from Ohio has
already secured delegates enough to nomi
nate him at St. Louis, and the rest
of the proceedings are of no interest to
them.
"A glance at the actual state of affairs
shows that the contest for the Republican
nomination is still an open one, with the
chances in favor of one of Mr. McKinley's
opponents. Perhaps one of the fairest
and most reasonable of the McKinley
organs is the Philadelphia Press. It
prints a table every day giving its esti
mate of the strength of the different can
didates at the time. Its table of the 3d
instant shows that 768 delegates had been
chosen up to the evening of Saturday,
leaving 193 to be elected. It assigns 401 of
the delegates chosen to McKinley, 97 to
Reed, 69 to Morton, 12 to Cullom, 42 to
Allison, 56 to Quay, 16 to Bradley, and
places 75 in the doubtful list.
"It is certain tbatnot one of those among
the doubtful will vote for McKinley. His
managers have made an aggressive fight
in every State and in every district, and
where their men have been beaten it is
safe to say that the successful candidate is
not a McKinley delegate.
"As for the 401 votes claimed by the
latest Napoleon the seats of sixty-nine
delegates assigned to him from Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi,
South Carolina and Texas are contested,
and no properly constituted body would
think fora moment of allowing their flimsy
claims. The loss of these sixty-nine votes
reduces McKinley's strength at one blow
to 332 votes, or 129 less than the number
required to nominate him. And there re
main among these 332 not fewer than
eighteen from Indiana, four from Ten
nessee, four wrongfully claimed from
Maryland and two wrongfully claimed
from Kentucky — twenty-eight in all —
which will not be cast for the Canton can
didate. It is the most remarkable case of
counting chickens before they are hatched
that has ever yet been known."
GROSTESOR'S EXUBERANCE.
Thinks It It Hardly Neeetsary to Hold
a national Convention,
WASHINGTON, D. C., May 3.— The
statement of the McKinley strength by
General, Grosvenor is naturally very jubi
lant in tone. He 'says the present con
dition of the McKinley vote is as follows:
Alabama 18 Obio ..........46
Arkansas 16 Oklahoma. 4
Florida 8 Oregon $•
Georgia. - 22 Pennsylvania 4
Illinois .29 South Carolina. 17
Indiana. ....30 south Dakota ......... h
Kansas .......VO Texan '....12
Kentucky 11 j Virginia 28
Ixmisiana. ........10 West Virginia.. 4
Maryland 12 Wisconsin 24
Michigan. ....18 Utah.. l
Minnesota .18 Tennessee....; 24
Mi55i55ippi. ............ 18 North Carolina 4
Missouri ....1H North Dakota 6
Nebraska......... 16 Arizona...' 6
New Jersey.. ..16 j Connecticut. 6
New Mexic0........... 4 Vermont 8
New York ........... "4 Indian Territory.....; ■ 2
'•Here is a grand total of 495 votes. The
New York Tribune of ' this morning gives
McKinley 429, and the Chicago Times-
Herald will this morning, as I am informed
by a telegram just received, announce
442 votes, leaving a discrepancy of about
fifty- votes between \my 'figures and the
figures of these gentlemen.
"There are still : to 'be elected in Ohio
and Indiana eight votes, which I have
constantly counted for McKinley. I have
added three ' votes \in . Illinois to the
Tribune's figures, because of a telegram
received last night stating that Raymond;
Stewart and Kneff of the Chicago delega
tion bad announced : themselves for Mc-
Kinley, and all the balance of the differ
ences between my high-water figures of
to-day and the conservative figures of the
other gentlemen grow out of the fact that
I will not permit myself to disparage the
election of our friends ■ in Mississippi,
i Louisiana, Texas and \ Florida simply ■> be
Continued on Second Pagt.
ANIMOSITY THAT
GROWS WITH AGE.
Huntington's Bitter Hatred
of Senator Stanford's
Widow.
IS BENT UPON REVENGE.
Malicious Opposition to Every
Undertaking That Receives
Her Support.
SHE CHAMPIONS SAN PEDRO.
A Desire to Carry Oat Her Husband's
Wishes Antagonized by Fraud
and Forgery.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 3—The
river and harbor bill comes up for consid
eration in the Senate to-morrow. Senators
White, Perkins, Allison, Caffrey, Nelson,
Vest, Pasco, Berry and other strong men
will advocate Senator White's amend
ment providing that the money appropri
ated for a deep-sea harbor on the Southern
California coast be expended wherever
recommended by the commission (to be
appointed).
Richard C. Kerens of St. Louis says that
Huntington is more concerned about his
Santa Monica deep-harbor project than
the fate of the refunding bill. Kerens ex
plains that it was one of Senator Stan
ford's pet schemes to improve San Pedro,
and that Mrs. Stanford, who zealously
supported her husband in all things dur
ing his lifetime, is yet hoping that San
Pedro will be selected. It is a matter of
sentiment with her now, for she remem
bers how earnestly Governor Stanford de
sired the San Pedro improvements.
Mr. Kerens says that Huntington not
only harbors animosity toward Mrs. Stan
ford for joining with the Crockers to op
pose him for president of the Southern
Pacific, but his recollection of Mrs. Stan
ford's social ostracism of Mrs. Huntington
several years ago stirs his revengeful and
vindictive disposition and urges him to
defeat Mrs. Stanford's ambition at all
hazards.
"Huntington does not care so much for
money as to vent his spleen," declared
Mr. Kerens.
It is understood that an investigation is
being hela by the Public Printer to ascer
tain why the words "San Pedro" were
eliminated and "Santa Monica"substituted
in lieu thereof in a petition signed by 200
representative California citizens, who
wired to Washington in favor of the
former place. The printed report of the
Commerce Committee proceedings con
tains this petition, but, instead of "San
Pedro," the print makes it appear that
they favor "Santa Monica."
The fact that Huntington's agents have
been industriously distributing these prints
naturally creates a suspicion that the typo
graphical change was made at their insti
gation, and possibly by undue influence;
but one of the proof-readers at the Govern
ment Printing Office explains that when
he saw the words "San Pedro" in that
petition he thought "Santa Monica" was
intended, so he made tne change. The
Commerce Committee has ordered a new
issue of its proceedings to be printed.
The San Pedro people have thoroughly
exposed the trick of Santa Monica's ad
herents in wiring to Washington a petition
in favor of the latter place, signed by 1500
names, a great portion of which are ficti
tious, some being the names of dead men
taken from inscriptions on tombstones in
the cemetery at Los Angeles. The name
of Colonel H. G. Otis, editor of the Lo
Angeles Times, appeared. This, .'as an
nounced in The Call, was a stupid for
gery, Tor Colonel Otis has been fighting
Banta Monica vigorously, and has been as
earnestly supporting San Pedro.
WILL BENDY LYNCHED
The Texas Desperado Shot While Trying
to Escape From a Mob and
Hanged to a Tree.
BEAUMONT, Tex., May 3. — Judge
Lynch has cut short the career of Will
Bendy. Yesterday evening the last report
came in that a strong posse bad Bendy
surrounded in the thicket about half a
mile from Bnna and that he was almost
sure to be captured.
This morning early a message was re
ceived that Bendy had left the thicket
and bad sought refuge in the home of his
brother-in-law and there the determined
party found him. He was not quick
enough in yielding, when a shot rang out.
This was at 3 o'clock in the morning.
The shot wounded him and he began run
ning. When about fifty yards away he
gave in and was led by the crowd to
the old Orange and Jasper dirt road.
Here a suitable tree was found and the
rope quickly adjusted that swung him up.
His body was riddled with bullets and
left hanging. Constable Bibbo, E. B.
Rone and Roxy Wall— the last two col
ored — are still alive, though suffering se
verely from their wounds. Phillip Haines
was interred to-day.
"SWIPES" USKO HIS TEETH.
Foul fighting on a Sunday Evening at
■Lincoln, Sebr.
LINCOLN, Nkbr.. May 3.— Two hun
dred Lincoln sports paid $2 apiece this
evening for the privilege of seeing a three
round mill between Marion Mclntyre of
Lincoln, champion middleweight of
Nebraska, and "Swipes the Newsboy" of
New York, who declined to give any other
name. The fight was held in the woods at
Cushruan Park for a purse of $200 and the
receipts.
"Swipes" had the advantage of weight
and was the aggressor in the first round.
In the second Mclntyre took his measure
and landed some good ones, receiving one
hard blow in return. In the third during
a clinch Swipes fastened his teeth in his
antagonist's arm, bringing the blood. A
foul was claimed and the referee gave the
tight to Mclntyre.
To appease the crowd Mclntyre and
Paddy Purtell of Kansas City sparred
three rounds, with honors even." A finish
right between the latter two is being
arranged.
A GALLANT OFFICER DEAD.
Commander Felix McCurley, Cap
tain of the League Island
Navy-Yard.
Passes Away Full of Years and Hon
ors — Was Under Fire More Than
Forty Times.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 3.—Com
mander Felix McCurley, U. S. N., Captain
of the League Island Navy-yard, died at
that station this morning of heart failure.
Commander McCurley was born in Balti
more in 1815 and early in life entered the
merchant marine service. When the war
broke out he entered the United States
navy as I acting master. He served
throughout the war with great gallantry
and was under fire more than forty times.
In action he was conspicuous for cool
ness and intrepidity and the encourage
ment he gave his men. At the conclusion
of the war be was attached to various
squadrons in different parts of the world.
Twice while on the Asiatic station in com
mand of the U. S. S. Alliance be rescued
shipwrecked crews at sea, and on both
occasions received the thanks of the
Chinese Government.
He was appointed Captain of the League
Island Navy-yard in April, 1893. To date
of his death Commander McCurley was a
splendid type of the volunteer officer, of
which the War of the Rebellion produced
so many examples, and was one of the
most widely known officers in the service.
His many nne[qualities of heart and mind
a nd his skill as a sailor endeared him to
and brought him the confidence of all who
ever sailed with him:
BIG STRIKE AT MILWAUKEE.
All Employes of the Electric Streetcar
Compnny Go Out.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., May 3. — The
strike of 900 motormen, conductors and
barn hands of the Milwaukee Street Rail
way Company is now a settled fact and the
men will not return to work after the last
oar has been housed tonight. President
Mahon of tbe Amalgamated Association
of Street Railway Employes to-night or
dered the men out at 4:30 o'clock Monday
morning.
The controversy turns on two of eleven
demands made by the men, viz. : A raise
of wages from 19 to 20 cents per hour for
motorinen and conductors and the recog
nition by the company of the union and
settlement of all disputed questions by a
board of arbitration.
The electricians of the company, num
bering about fifty men, are not yet in
cluded in the strike, but have declared
that they will not work together with non
union motormen and conductors, which
means that they will also join the strikers
as soon as the company employs them.
MAUNA LOA IN ERUPTION.
Lava Jetted to a Great Height From the
Crater of the Hawaiian
Volcano.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, April 23.—Mau
naLoa volcano broke out in eruption about
1 a. m. of the 21st, as observed from the
steamer Kinace, coming down from Hilo.
A telephone message from Hilo to Ka
waihae gave an estimate of 4000 feet as the
height of a column of Java jetted from the
summit, as seen from Hilo, forty miles
distant. As seen by daylight from Ka
waibae, the emission of smoke was im
mense.
Tbe following night the illumination of
the clouds was brilliant as seen from La
haina, 110 miles as the bird flies. None
but the greatest eruptions have hereto
fore been conspicuous at Latiaina. Last
night the glow over Mauna Loa was seen
from tbe lookout at Diamond Head, 180
miles distant.
These facts indicate an eruption of un
usual magnitude. It is probable that a
great lava stream is flowing down the
mountain, which is 13,600 feet high.
Nothing can be known here of its direc
tion for borne days, whether inland or
toward some part of the shore, or whether
it threatens destruction to any plantation
or village.
MATABELES RETIRE.
Communication Established From Buluwayo \
to Fort Salisbury, Mafeking and
the South.
LONDON, Eira., May 3.— Earl Grey, ad
ministrator of the British South Africa
Company, has telegraphed from Bulu
wayo to Colonial Secretary Chamberlain
that tbe rebellious Matabeles who were
threatening that town have retired. He
adds that the lines of communication from
Buluwayo to Fort Salisbury, Mafeking
and the south have been secured. The
consensus of opinion is that the Matabeles
are preparing for a permanent movement
to the north.
Millennium Festiritie of Nudo-Pestk.
BUDA-PESTH, Hungary, May 3.-The
celebration of the National millennium of
Hungary was continued to-day. The city
is crowded with visitors and on every side
the greatest enthusiasm is displayed.
After dark the city presented a most beau
tiful spectacle, being superbly decorated.
Nearly every building was a mass of light.
BISHOP Of SOUTH DAKOTA
Right Rev. Thomas O'Gorman
Is Installed by Arch
bishop Ireland.
Twenty Priests Assisted in the Cere
monies — Seating Capacity of the
Church Overtaxed.
SIOUX FALLS, 8. D., May 3.— Right
Rev. Thomas O'Gorman, formerly of the
Catholic University of the United States,
was to-day installed as Bishop of South
Dakota, to succeed Bishop Martin Marty,
transferred to St. Cloud, Minn.
The impressive ceremonies were con
ducted by Archbishop Ireland. Admis
sion to the church was by tickets, made
necessary by. the limited seating capacity.
The Archbishop was assisted by Bishop J.
B. Cotter of Winona, Bishop John Shan
ley of Fargo and about twenty priests.
Archbishop Ireland in the course of an
eloquent discourse said that twenty years
ago when Bishop Marty was installed
over the diocese of Dakota there were but
three priests in the diocese, that Territory
having since been divided into two flour
ishing dioceses and the expansion had
just began.
Bishop O'Gorman spoke feelingly of the
relations he had just severed and of tne
responsibilisy he was assuming.
Last night the distinguished guests were
tendered an informal reception at the Cata
ract House which was attended by 500 citi
zens, over half of wnom were Protestants.
Rev. T. B. Scott of the First Congrega
tional Church was the lirst ono to enter
the reception-room.
To-morrow evening the citizens will
tender the Archbishop and Bishop O Gor
man a banquet, at which covers will be
laid lor 200. Among those who will re
spond to toasts are: Archbishop Ireland,
Bishop O'Gorman and Bishop W. H. Hare
of the Episcopal diocese of South Dakota.
DEATH OF GEORGE S. CUE.
Nearly Thirty \ears a Ilanh President
in -few lorft City.
NEW YORK, May 3.— George S. Coe,
for nearly thirty years president of the
American Exchange bank of this city,
died at his home at Englewood Cliffs, N.
J., this morning. The immediate cause
of his deaia was paralysis, of which
disease he had had several strokes. Mr.
Coe was born in Newport, R. L. on March
27, 1827.
For more than thirty years there was no
banker in the United States whose opinion
was more generally sought or whose judg
ment on financial subjects was more gen
erally trusted than Mr. Coe's. He was an
intimate friend of President Lincoln and
Secretary Chase and during the darK days
of the Rebellion was freauently sum
moned to consult with the officers oJ the
administration concerning financial ques
tions of importance. Mr. Coe devised the
system of issuing clearing-house certifi
cates, and this system has been the means
of arresting many panics.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CLANS GATHERING
AT SACRAMENTO,
Advance Guard of State
Convention Delegates
Arrives.
HOTEL LOBBY GOSSIP.
Capital City Republicans to
Urge Frank D. Ryan for
Chief Secretary.
CANDIDATES FOR CHAIBMAN.
E. F. Freston and Ex-District Attorney .
Jones Mentioned for the
Position.
SACRAMENTO, Cau, May 3.-All daf
long the various committees have been
busy perfecting preparations for the Re
publican State Convention, and to-night
they announced that all arrangements
were complete.
In the Pavilion the snowy canvas walls
have been decorated with multi-colored
banners and streamers, which gleam and
glisten beneath the glare of electric-dights.
It has been decided to seat the delegates
by Congressional districts and they have,
been arranged as follows: The First,
Second and Third will occupy chairs to
the right of the platform; the Fourth and
Fifth will be in ihe center, and the Sixth
and Seventh in the adjoining aisle to the
left. .
Even though it was Sunday and but few
arrivals of importance in the political cir
cles of the State were recorded, there was
quite a lively appearance to the lobby, of
fice and other convenient places for
small groups to" gather in and about
the Golden Eagle Hotel, particularly after
the arrival of a San Francisco delegation
on the train that arrived at 10 o'clock.
This was not large, but its insignificancy
in numbers was lost sight of in the im
portance of the individuals.
Until long after midnight there was the
bum and noise about the Golden Eagle in
cident to important political gatherings in
Sacramento.
Among the most notable arrivals to
day from San Francisco were: J. D.
Spreckels, E. F. Preston, Jake Steppacher,
J. H. Mahoney, S. L. Lent. George T.
Phelphs, J. S. Speak, C. M. Kyle, 80l
Berliner, R. 8. Alexander, Jake Shaen, C.
T. Bassett, Dan T. Cole, George Stone and
George .C. Fardee.
From other points came James A.
Loutitt of Stockton and E. S. Dennison of
Oakland. Then there was the Woman's
Suffrage delegation, which has come to
see that it gets proper recognition in the
platform adapted by the convention.
This delegation comprised: Mrs. A. A.
Sargent of San Francisco, Mrs. Knoz
Goodrich of San Jose, and Mrs. Ida A.
Harper of Oakland.
Strong efforts will be made, it is stated,
to-night by the Sacramento Citizens Com
mittee to secure the position of chief sec
retary of the convention for District At
torney FrahK D. Ryan, and that of ser
geant-at-arms for Sheriff Fred Johnson.
The local McKinley League will open
headquarters at the Golden. Eagle to-mor
row in order to boom the Ohio man's can
didacy before the convention.
Sacramento County's delegation is out
strong for silver and will insist on a silver
plank in the platform.
Those who are in the secret are enjoy
ing, in expectation, the humors of a situa
tion in which Sheriff Jones of Colusa, a
notorious practical joker, is to figure for
once, according to the plan laid out, as a
victim.
He telegraphed Sheriff Johnson that he
was coming here as a delegate, and re
quested ihat suitable accommodations be
provided for him. He was telegraphed
that Sheriff Johnson would meet him at
the depot.
Johnson then ordered a cell in the
woman's department of the jail denuded
of everything but a bare cot and a couple
of bouquets, and into' this the joker from
Colusa will be taken on his arrival, which
will be watched with eagerness by a crowd
of mutual friends of the Sacramento and
Colusa Sheriffs.
In view of tbe fact that considerable
talk has been indulged in relative to the
stand of John D. Spreckels in the matter
of Presidential references, that gentleman
was approached on the subject to-night
and spoke as follows:
"I am a Republican, working in the in
tests of the party and of California. lam
not opposed to McKinley now and never
have been. I think it is to the best inter
ests oi California that the delegation
should go uninstructed. Any of the can
didates that have been mentioned will be
acceptable to me."
While matters are necessarily in a cha
otic condition at this time, it is known
that E. F. Preston will be put forward for
chairman of the convention, and there is
also some talk of Charles f . Jones, ex-Dis
trict Attorney of Sacramento, in connec
tion with this honor.
A PLEA FOR SILVER,
Pronounced Views of Mark
Sheldon, the Well-Known
Capitalist.
How much confusion comes to the ordinary
mind from reading statistics and cumulative
figures upon the silver question. The more wo
labor with dates and numbers tne more un
settled in opinion the most of us become.
Simple facts are what the student Of this ques
tion wants. Was gold and silver authorized
to be coined as money by the constitution, and
if so why should Congress stop the one and
continue the other ? This is what the ordi
nary voter would like to know. Were formid
able petitions sent up to Congress from com
mercial bodies and frc-ni manufacturing and
agricultural associations demanding a change
in the coinage act in 1873, or any other
time ? Was there an Otis or a John Quincy
Adams as in former years with petitions from
the people asking for the correction of abuses
and demanding their constitutional rights?
Did we hear of anything like this in 1873 T2
Bo far from It we have the testimony of Car
lisle. Blalne, Thurmin, Allison, Garfield and
Beck to the effect that > the character of • this
bill was hot known by them, Rnd also one of
our citizens, then a member of Congress; from
Illinois,' declaring that he had no idea that
half of the coin of ultimate redemption was to
be dropped from its use^'as suchr ,- V "'- i » 'i •'
Fortunately the demand for silver for other
nses has been and? is large or there, ycould be
far less value to that meial to-day. A man in
vesting $100,000 in a silver mine in 1872 has
Buffered as a wrong from the Congres
sional art of 1873 as a horticulturist would, if,
after Investing a like sum in lands for the cul
tivation of fruits. Congress should pass an act
that the product of his orchard should only be
gold to adult males, shutting the grower out
' from m"ore than half of the former market.
The former would be the greater wrong, for the
constitution declares that gold and silver shall
be coined into money and Congress shall regu
late the value thereof: it did not say it shall
cease the coinage of either one or the other.
It is doubted if the silver-coinnge act would
stand approved by our Supreme Court. Con
press, it'is claimed by a distinguished author
ity, is limited to regulating the value between
the two metals.
We hear from all parts of our country a com
plaint of the times; they are hard here in Cali
fornia. -Since the first settlement of the State
we have had our periodical set-backs, but never
have we had so continuous, so bitter, so pro
tracted a check to our prosperity as now. A
worthy ritizen of Sacramento has a remedy in
part by proposing a bounty to be given to the
growers of grains. A few enterprising and
public-spirited men came together here last
summer and in a tew days, not only resolved
but raised the funds to build nn independent
railway through one of tho most fertile valleys
of the State, engaging to freight its products to
this City at the minimum ot' cost, without bo
great care for the dividends as to stimulate
trade and give hope to the producer. All this
is good and in keeping with California spirit.
Why should this State hesitate in giving its
support to the restoration of silver to its former
and constitutional place as one of the metals
of ultimate redemption, by unlimited coinage,
thereby placing it where it has ever been since
the days of Hamilton and Jefferson? Would
not this legislation revive an industry that
this City is indebted to in no small degree for
her growth and prosperity? One third of the
wealth Vf tins Citycame from the Nevada sil
ver rr.irres.
. One o!.«,ur great statesmen, James G. Blame,
tells us "that politics is intelligent selfish
ness." How then can we hesitate in our in
structions to our representatives or petitions to
Congress in this matter? It is safe to predict
that within six months after the repeal of the
act restricting the free coinage of silver our
foundries would be busy turning out new silver
j mills, our merchants immediately would feel a
new impulse to trade, our manufacturers
would be asking themselves "Why could we
navehesitnted and remain Inactive these many
years and permit one of our most valuable cus
. tomers to be choked and destroyed by the siren
pong of the promoters of doubtful schemes,
■who have been telling us that this Congres
-1 sional repeal will ruin the market for the sale
of our bonds in London
• The cry comes up from the monometallistg:
"Oh, you are one of those who wish to pay
your debts with r fifty-cent dollar." This un
friendly legislation toward silver alone has
made it a fifty-cent dollar. Uncle Sam has
done a wro*ig not only to the debtor class but
also to a great American industry. Returning
consciousness and impending* bankruptcy
throughout the country should prompt him to
retrieve the wrong by restoring silver to its
former historic place as a coin of ultimate re
demption. I don't think our members of Con
gress were criminal in this action, but Ido
think -they made a terrible and thoughtless
mistake, and we have suffered from it ever
since. It is the principal cause of our present
hard times .
• With -an increase of the world's roods, wares
• and estates and a stationary amount of the
measure of value, what would be the effect on
p.rlces? A first-grade schoolboy would tell you
that the prices would decline materially. Then
cut off say one-half, or approximately so, as
the Congress of 1873 did do, what then could
occur but what we have seen, a constant ana
continuous trend of prices downward. The
yield of the gold and silver mires of the coun
try keeps pace with its increasing population
and its-growth of business. To depend upon
the caprice of Congress to expand and contract
■ the currency wouln-be dangerous and uncer
tain, giving to>bnsiness that precarious feature
that characterised it during the Civil War and
the period before the resumption of specie pay
mentß. •
The product of the gold and silver mines Is
the only safe and sure supply for money of
' ultimate redemption and measure of values.
The greenbacks should be redeemed slowly
and gradually by the issue of uohi and silver
.certificates against the coin held in the treas
ury after the adoption of unlimited coinage of
silver, and then coin no gold below $10. lam
for bimetallism with international co-opera
tion, it we can— but bimetallism alone, with a
tariff on silver coming from all nations un
friendly to an international agreement.
National banks should be continued, sur
rounded with all safeguards, as in the past, for
local- convenience and needs. Tne American
press, .-that great molder of public sentiment.
is, unfortunately, too often found in sentiment
"with that lately decayed founder of a weekly
journal who confessed, when confronted with
the charge that he was unfriendly to that class
of producers in this country in its contentions
for a material reduction in freight and fares,
that he was "early taken in out of the cold."
Is it not reasonable to believe that a large num
ber, and a large majority .of the news vendors
of this country are actuated by the same im
plied reasons, but, perhaps, do not believe, as
he evidently did, that "open confession was
good for the soul," and are found with the
advocates of the single standard?
• Railway bonds are maturing yearly in large
numbers and for large amounts. The trustees
of these corporations (I say trustees; what an
abused word) grow rich by their management,
and too often manage them into bankruptcy.
They must pay the interest on their bonds and
keep them floating, else they lose control.
Then- they become like a defeated party in our
municipality; their nose is ont nf the troush
• It is much easier for them to keep in, when the
coin for the ultimate reden.piiou of their
bonds are restricted to gold. But bow tares
the great producer when in his former normal
condition that carried him through that great
period -of prosperity from 1850 to 1873? I fear
that this depression may continue until that
. great class of struggling debtors may lie down
in despair and say as many are saying to-day:
"Do take my land and my farm and return to
me my bond and mojtgage." Then, through
. enforced idleness, they drift into our army of
tramps, already too large.
Mr. St. John, the president of the Mercantile
National Bank of the City of New York, in his
address to his colleagues at Atlanta last year,
reminded them that there were other callings
besides banking that required the fostering
care of legislation or soon there would be no
banks or hankers wanted, and declared that
the demonetization of silver was slowly but
surely killing the " goose that laid the golden
egg," and commended to them the remonetiza
ticm of silver. I trust that the representatives
from this State of the two great parties, when
they meet in National convention, will see to
it that they will not be a party to the killing
of the goose that lays our silver egg as well as
our golden one.
Our merchants are much concerned just now
because of the arrival from Japan of an in
- voice of furniture sold at prices far less than
It could be produced here, and they have al
ready invoked our Chamber of Commerce to
beseech Congress to give them some relief. I
am no prophet nor the son of a prophet, but I
predict that in ten years, let the tariff remain
as it is now and take no concern to remonetlze
silver, giving the Japanese the present advan
tage of a 60 per cent difference in the price of
labor an 1 a 50 per cent premium on the cur
rency they sell their goods for here over the
currency they pay their workmen, their rents
and other expenses incident to the manufac
turing establishment, and you will soon see
the Merrimac and the Connecticut River
water-powers unused and such a depression
throughout this country that these times will
bo looked upon as extra good. Let these con
ditions pass unheeded and we will all ba in a
financial "sweat-box" at no distant day.
There are many sharp as well as many good
and harmless persons in both parties who in
dulge the hope that England will soon join us
in an international agreement for the unlim
ited coinage of silver or as our party platforms
have put it a "greater use for silver." lam
not one of those. India is England's great
farm. She pays her farm hands and the other
expenses of production in a fifty cent dollar
and sells the product of tier lands for a hun
dred cent dollar. Is she likely to soon sur
render the advantage and ask lor an Interna
tional conference on the money question? We
try to c >mpet9 with her in growing wheat and
cotton by paying the expense of farming with
a hundred cent dollar. How long can this con
tinue and keep our farming out of the bank
rupt court? is the question that now confronts
us.* ..- • ■ ' ;
I was in Washington during the concluding
days of Buchanan's administration and lis
tened to the belligerent as well as the patriotic
speeches of that historic .period. One I re
member brought down loud clamor and noisy
.'.indorsements from listening crowd in the
gallery. The venerable and patriotic Senator
t'oote of Vermont was in . the chair, and rising
to' his full height and striking his gavel with
all his power said: "Should this demonstra
tion be repeated I will certainly order the
chamber closed." The speaker who was ad
dressing the Senate at the time responded:
"We had better go a little slow with orders to
close the galleries, lest they come down here
end clean us out." Who knows but had the
speaker's apprehensions been realized we
might have averted at least for a season a ter
rible war ? lam not a croaker, but the bitter
ness with which this financial question is being
waged and the large numbers that really be
lieve they are cruelly . wronged remind me
* much of what I heard in Washington in 1881.
I have no sympathy with those too zealous sil
ver : Senators, so called, who would ■ bee the
country's : pressing demands go to protest
. rather than vote for an "emergency tariff bill"
unless coupled with silver legislation. This
savors too ranch of the nullification tactics of
Calhoun. I - would save the country's credit
first ; then would do justice to those who have
suffered fron> the wrongs of 1873.
I whs amaied wnen told a few weeks since
by the president and secretary of the Agricul
tural Insurance Company of Watertown, N. V.,
that they no longer Insured farm improve
ments, when untii a year since their business
was wholly confined to that class of risks; that
incendiarism.-was far more frequent when mort
jj;i#e iorecios«res were so common as they are;
that tli'.TC was no money in that class of busi
ness, but loss was certain.
There seems to be a great dread comes to
many in contemplation ot the restoration of
silver lest we lose all our gold. Suppose we do
(which I do not apprehend), does accumulated,
gold alone make a nation or an individual
strong financially? It it the bonds of solvent na
tions that give to England her right to rank first
among the nations of the earth, and the mer
chandise and bills receivable and ships held
by her merchants, her shipping and her com
mercial corporate bodies that gives them a
right to the supreme rank they enjoy.
Let the United States establish reciprocal
trade with Me.\ico, Central America and the
Scuth American States upon lines marked out
by Garrieid's administration and a protective
tariff against all nations manufacturing goods
that we produce. Then with whom would the
silver nations tra.de, we being on the silver
basis of 16 to 1? Commerce is the objective
point of all wise governments. Our City can
only realize the dreams and hopes of its
founders by fostering legislation that will en
courage and bring to our gate the trade of
those whose geographical position naturally
centers here.
The next great need of our country Is the
opening up of our inland waterways, the con
struction of our Nicaragua canal, owned and
operated by the Government as Suez is by the
English. Oh, for an Earl of Beaconsfield in
our country as wise and far seeing, to impress
upon our Congress this great necessity to us.
It would prove the crowning blessing of the
nineteenth century for the American Republic.
That party will succeed which has for its
shibboleth protection, the construction of the
Nicaragua canal and free coinage of gold and
silver as in the past, because It will bring the
greatest good to the greatest number of citizens
of this Republic. Mark Sheldon.
San Francisco, May 2, 189tt.
IN LOS ANGELES COUNTY
Republican Delegates Oppotett to In
structions for McKinley.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., May 3.— The dele
gates to the Sacramento Convention elected
in this county yesterday, together with a
contingent of newspaper representatives
and "influential Republicans" left for the
capital city thi? afternoon. The delegation
is practically solid lor Hervey Lindley as
one of the district aelegates to the St.
Louis convention, and will line up with
about equal unanimity for ex-Governor
Sheldon a* one of the four delegates-at
large to the National Convention. Sheldon,
however, will meet with avery formidable
opposition from the friends of U. 8. Grant
of San Diego in the Seventh (Bowers')
Congressional District. The county con
ventions of the Seventh district have
nearly all been instructed to support
Grant, while in this district, and especially
in this county, nothing has been said
openly as to "either position. It is well
known that despite the antagonisms of
four years ago between Sheldon and Lind
ley, they are now on the best of terms, so
the delegation from this county may be
expected to stand together on all proposi
tions affecting the interests of either
aspirants.
The contest for either of these'gentle
mcn has been carried forward on the still
nunt plan, with a secrecy and finesse
seldom witnessed in political affairs. The
delegates are absolutely non-committal on
the question of preferences lor National
delegates, and yet it is confidentidlly
asserted thai the most perfect understand
ine exists.
At the late assembly district conventions,
while considerable air was acitated in be
half of Congressman McLachlan's renomi
nation, an ominous silence prevailed in all
the assembly conventions yave one —
Compton — on the question of the double
harbor fight. Not one word of censure
was uttered in condemnation of the lately
extosed fraudu.ent methods of Hunting
ton's local henchmen in behalf of the
Southern Pacific's breakwater at Santa
Monica,
Ventura County offers vigorous protest
against the plan to renominate McLachlan
by acclamation.
While there has been a great amount of
r.oise and some presumably genuine en
thusiasm over the candidacy of McKinley
of Ohio, the prediction is here made that
the majority of the delegates from Los
Angeles Count}- are opposed to instruc
tions and a pledged delegation to St.
Louis. They are not in favor of tying the
hands of their representatives at ht. Louis.
A strong sentiment exists here among the
best element of the party opposed to
pledges of any sort.
VWEATER AT PORTLAND.
The Populist Leader Predicts Victory for
Sis Party.
PORTLAND, Ok., May 3. — General
James B. Weaver of lowa, Populist candi
date for the Presidency four years ago, is
here. He said to-day :
"The prospect is that the gold men will
control both the Democratic and Republi
can National Conventions. The recent
capture of the Michigan Democratic State
convention by the gold wing of the Demo
cratic party, and the Euclid-Martin gold
convention in Nebraska practically settle
the question as to who will control the
Chicago convention. The Administration
will have it solid and fast. It goes with
out saving that the Republican convention
at St. Louis will pronounce in favor of the
goid standard.
"From present indications McKinley
will be the Republican Presidential nomi
nee. This will open the way to the union
of all the silver and currency reform forces
at St. Louis. The two conventions, Popu
list and Silver, meet in that city
on July 22, and it is certain that tney will
unite on a common platform and ticket.
Over 400 delegates have already been se
lected for the Populist National Conven
tion and fully 90 per cent of these favor a
union.
"We are to have 1860 over again. The
Democratic party is dying, just as did the
Whig party, and from the same disease.
It has adopted the policy of toe Republi
can party respecting the great question of
finance, and that is fatal to the organiza
tion.
"There are new issues involved since the
close of the war, caused by the growth of
civilization, which are pressing for a solu
tion, and which will be solved, just as was
the slavery question, by the union of all
men and organizations who feel and be
lieve alike. It is the only sensible thing
to do, &rA 'union of forces' is the watch
word of the hour. Nothing can stay its
progress. The great question of the day is
that of finance, and until it is solved all
others must be held in abeyance.
"I have never witnessed anything like
the present uprising. The commotion is
greater than in 1860 for the reason that
there are more people involved and that it
extends into every village and hamlet in
the land."
MODEMU'S CONFENTION.
Congressman Bowers Will Probably Be
Renominntrd by Acclamation.
MODESTO, Cal., May 3.— The delegates
to the Republican Convention of the Sev
enth Congressional District are arriving
on all trains. Much button-holing is go
me on. The convention meets at 10
o'clock to-morrow to nominate a candi
date for Congress, and W. W. Bowers will
probably win without opposition. Two
delegates and alternates to the National
Convention, a Presidential Elector and al
ternate will also be chosen. Representa
tives from Stanislaus, Merced, Madera
Fresno, Tulare, Kings, Kern, Sari Benito,
San Bernardino, Orange, Riverside and
San Diego will sit in the convention.
—'■ ♦ ■ :
Santa Clara Prohibitionists.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. May 3.— The Prohi
bitionists of thi9 county have elected the
following delegates to the Btate Conven.
tlon, which meets in Stockton on May 13:
William Kelley, Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Summers, F. R. Shafter, J. Bean, Rev. Mr
and Mrs. T. H. Lawson. T. F. Kerr J
Blame, L. W. Rhodes, W. A. Yelland J*
; D. Shutter, J. Notestein, Rev. J. C. Lynn'
i H. R. Avery, the Rev. Mr. Mount, Mr. and
Mrs. C. A. Tupper Mr. and Mrs. H. H.
Pillsbury. Rev. G. Griffith. C. E. Web
ber and G. W. Ho. trhman.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 4, 1896.
AN UNPLEDGED
DELEGATION,
Oregon, Not California, to
Receive a Cabinet
Portfolio.
DANGER IN TIED HANDS
Ex-Senator Dolph Said to Expect
the Secretaryship of the
Interior.
A TALK WITH MR. WAYMIBE.
M. R. Hanna Intimates Nothing More
Definite Than That Ihe Pacific
Slope Wi 1 Be Considered.
There are two or three things that Cali
fornia has a right to expect to come to her
like a birthright out of the return to power
of the Republican party next fall. The
question of that return is not open. The
people are impatient for November to wit
ness it. The claims of States and of men
are being set up, and those whose claims
will be heard and granted are those who
from the beginning are both busy and in
sistent and wise. Tr.e especial title that
California lays claim to is a place for one
of ncr sons in the Cabinet, the portfolio of
the Interior for instance.
Another thing that California expects is
that the free and unlimited coinage of sil
ver at a ratio of 16 to 1 shall be declared as
the policy of the Government.
These things must not be merely as
sented to with a nod or admitted by in
direction. They must be written with ink
into the articles of war arid the stipula
tions of peace at the very beginning; that
is to say, before the balloting begins at
St. Louis. California is a large common
wealth; it is the prime factor in politics
and trade on the western half of this
continent. It is the business of its people to
see to it that it receives due recognition.
A great number of things of the
first importance to California depend
upon these two things — representation in
the Cabinet and free bilver. The Call be
lieves that California should go to the St.
Louis convention with her representatives
free to work for these ends.
For that reason The Call has urged and
will continue to urge tiiat the State dele
gation shall not be pledged to any man
until the man is first pleaded to grant
tnese reasonable demands of the State.
It is admitted generally that the Pacific
Slope deserves representation. If so, it
should be represented by a citizen of Cali
fornia. Oregon long ago was given a place
in the National Council. California now
demands the same iavor as her National
riput.
Ex-Judge Jamea A. Waymire, member
o; the State Legislature, assumes to speak
for Major McKinley. and bis attitude
toward California in these matters. He
has been quite industrious in giving out
the impression that California was secure
for a place in the Cabinet. He has directly
-tated that he had it in the handwriting of
M. A. Hanna, AfcKinley's manager, mat
bis mends in California might rest as
sured that from their number a Cabinet
officer would be selected.
To ascertain the facts concerning the
matter — exactly upon what these assur
ances were based— a reporter of The Call
visited Judge Waymire in his office
and put the question directly to him,
"Has Governor McKinley or his manager,
Mr. Hanna, made any statement to the
effect that California shall have a place in
the Cabinet?"
Mr. Waymire hesitated an instant and
then said: "No, he has not. 1 cannot
say that I am authorized to make any
promises in that regard."
"Have you any communications from
him on the subject at all?"
"No, not directly."
"Have you from anybody representing
him?"
Judge W'aymire looked over a heap of
correspondence which was carefuily sorted
out on a hie and produced a letter from
Mr. Hanna, dated the 20th of February,
in which it was written as % 'a hint for you
to work on," that in the language of the
letter, "I understand that the Pacific
Slope feels a strong desire to secure a Cabi
net office, and I have to say that person
ally I think tney shou!d have one.' f
'•Is this all?" was asked.
"No," said Mr. Waymire. 'i have an
other letter which states the case more
specifically. It was written on April 7."
This letter was produced and in it Mr.
Hanna went so far as to say: "I have
heard Governor McKinley say that that
section of the country was certainly en
titled to a representative in the National
family and ought to have been recognized
before."
"Is this all?" was asked.
"That is ail."
"Nothing later?"
"Nothins later. Mr. Hanna, I may add,
says that he heartily concurs in the senti
ment as expressed to him by Major Mc-
Kinley."
"No names have been mentioned?"
"No; Mr. Hanna says that the Governor
has refrained from making any promises
to anybody tor any specific office.
"Nor any specific section from which to
choose a secretary?"
"No."
This was as near as the approach was
made to the offer of a portfolio to Califor
nia. Notwithstanding these vague inti
mations to Judge Waymire a common re
port is in circulation that ex-Senator
Dolph of Oregon has received much more
definite information about the Cabinet
office than this. The common report dis
tinctly says that Oregon and not Califor
nia is slated for the honor and that ex-
Senator Dolph is the man. Certainly Gov
ernor McKinley cannot be charged with
breaking bis word to Judge Waymire if it
falls to his lot to keep any word that may
have been given in-his behalf to Senator
Dolph, for Oregon is certainly on the Pa
cific Slope.
For this reason it has been asked. Is Cali
fornia's dalegation to tie its hands and
then go to St. Louis to discover that Ore
<- on and not California is to be giveu a
place in the Cabinet?
It has been thoughtfully urged by Sena
tor Perkins, who is at the front and better
understands the situation than we do, re
mote from the East, that we suould send
to St. Louis a delegation unpledged to any
particular candidate and free to demand
and abie to secure something for Califor
nia. Tne views of Senator Perkins are
not to be construed into any hostility to
McKinley or any other of the Presidential
candidates. Senator Perkins is counsel
ing the Republicans of the State and
pointing out how they can secure the best
results and accomplish most for the State.
His views are re-enforced by the strong ar
guments of General Chipman, Charles F.
Reed and other Republicans, who it is ad
mitted on all hands are wise counselors
and seek to advance the best interests of
the State.
It is urged by these and other Repub
licans that our delegation should be un
trammeled in their action so far as men
are concerned; for untrammeled with
tli ir favor to bestow they can demand
and receive recognition of certain meas
ures of peculiar and vital importance to
California and the selection of one of our
own citizens to guard our interests in the
Cabinet.
The new* that Oregon is to receive a
recognition for which California has strug
gled so long will be dispiriting to the Re
publicans of California. It has been given
out by Judge Waymire and others that
California must have a place in the Cabi
net. Many Republicans have gone along
relying upon this assurance.
Many earnest Republicans and delegates
to the Sacramento convention have been
told that Judge Waymire wouid be the
dispenser of Federal patronage, and that
among the gifts would be a Cabinet posi
tion; but in view of the Judge's disclaimer
this hope must be abandoued.
The loyal Republicans of San Francisco
are becoming weary of the impudent pre
tensions of Martin Kelly to represent the
Republican party. Delegates from the in
terior who assisted in giving such a splen
did vote for Morris M. Estee are relied
upon to put a quietus on the bold and cor
rupt scheme of Kelly and his aiders and
abettors to seat his forged-proxy delegates
from the Fourth Congressional District.
It has now become thorou hly understood
by the Republicans throughout the State
that Kelly is trying to get back into
power, and that to permit him to do so
will cost the party its chances of success
in San Francisco. From San Diego to the
north, everywhere in the State, Republi
cans know and realize that John D.
Spreckels is in the party, not for pelf or
corruption, but to aid the party and
through it the best interests of the people.
"I am not a politician, but I am a
staunch Republican," said a prominent
merchant in the corridor of the Palace
Hotel yesterday, "and I cannot for
a moment believe that the loyal
Republicans of California will ever
again permit Kelly to become the boss
of the party in San Francisco. To do
so would be to bring back the disgraceful,
corrupt machine which Mr. Spreckels has
bad the courage to attack and smash. To
recognize Kelly would be to disgrace tne
party in San Francisco and the State. It
would be suicide."
From interviews with many delegates
who are in San Francisco on their way to
Sacramento the assurance is given that
the Republicans of this City need have no
fear that Kelly and his methods will re
ceive the approval of the interior coun tie?.
General N. P. Chipman is mentioned for
chairman of the convention. Frank L.
Coombs of Napa is also sDoken of for the
office. It is not definitely known whether'
Frank H. Short of Freaho will be a can
didate for chairman, though his name has
been mentioned. There see ma to be no
opposition to Speaker John Lynch for the
nomination for Lieutenaut-Governor.
THE GREAT BATTLE
AS IT STANDS,
f Continued from Mr*l Paoe.l
cause contests have been filed. Wherever
our delegates appear to have only a con
testant claim, based on flimsy foundation,
I have excluded them; but it would be the
height of folly and impertinence on my
part to say that a convention— to illustrate,
Florida — that had three out of four of the
elected delegates was not to be counted
among the McKinley votes.
"Then again, the contesting delegations
in Mississippi, without undertaking to de
cide which is regular and which is not,
have declared with substantial unity, each
of them and both of them, that they are
all or practically all of them for McKinley.
"So it will appear in the end, when we
reach St. Louis, that my table of votes to
day, which I here present, will be more
tban verified by the ultimate result when
the roll of the convention is called — if it
ever is called — upon the nomination for
Presideut of the United Stages.
"Last week *I omitted Connecticut be
cause I did not see fit to raise any ques
tions that would irritate anybody, but I
have received letters and telegrams from
Connecticut this weeK that make it imper
ative to place six, and, in my judgment, I
ought to place eight of the Connecticut
votes for McKinley.
"There are in the States enumerated by
me east of the Alleghany Mountains not
less than twenty votes whicti 1 nm not
claiming which will be cast for McKinley
on the first ballot. It must be borne in
mind by the critics of my figures that the
New York Tribune, Philadelphia Press
and Chicago Times-Herald bunch in a
great doubtful column from fifty to sev
enty votes.
"The New York Tribune states that of
the 193 votes which they say are either
non-committed or not elected McKinley
will get at least one-half. Upon that very
conservative basis McKinley has a sweep
ing majority of the delegates within reach.
But let us see — during the remainder of
the month there will be elected in:
California IS Idaho 6
Indiana 4 Wyoiniue 6
Michigan 10 ; North Carolina 18
Nevada 6 New York 'I
West Virginia 8,11 tnois 10
Montana tf Maryland 2
Missouri 16 Ohio 4
Delaware 6 Virginia..... a
Colorado 8!
Washington 8| Total 188
"Of this number can anybody point out
to me ten votes that will not be for Mc-
Kinley? It has been fortunate fo>- him
that this large reserve has been available;
but allow that he only has 100 and then
add to that the com mi ted end instructed
vote of the New York Tribune and the
other statisticians and he is way up in the
neighborhood of 550. I have gone into all
this to point out how idle is the sugges
tion that the National Committee ty the
settlement of a few contests, which do not
ag gregate the amount of McKiniey's ma
jority, can turn aside the will of the peo
ple and nominate somebody else."
IO WA DEMOCRATS FOR SILVER
Bimetal lists Win an Exciting Contest in
the Primaries.
DES MOINEB, lowa, May 3.— The con
test in lowa, it would seem, has been prac
tically settled so far as the position of the
majority of the Democrats of the State on
the silver question is concerned. Yester
day's primaries elected 194 delegates to the
State convention, of which 132 were in
structed for free silver. In many of the
conventions held the contest was very bit
ter and the attendance of delegates and
spectators large.
In all the conventions the name of Gov
ernor Boies was received with much en
thusiasm, and he will probably be elected a
delegate at large to tne Chicago conven
tion. The silver men are making a move
to have him selected as ci. airman of the
resolution committee and he will be backed
for the Presidential nomination by the en
tire State if the silver men carry their
point at the Dubuque convention May 20.
IOWA'S FAVORITE BOS.
Two Thousand Hawkeyes to Cheer for
Allison at St. Louis.
DEB MOINES. lowa, May 3.— Senator
Allison's lowa managers left Dcs Moines
last night for St. Louis. The party will
make arrangements for a building capable
of accommodating 2000 lowans for the
convention. The reoorts coming from the
smaller towns show that a large number
of Allison clubs have been formed, and
that lowa will be represented as it never
i has been before at a National Convention.
R efuici Oakland's Call.
BOSTON, Mass, May 3.— Rev. Charles
Jefferson of the Central Congregational
Church of Chelsea announced to-night
that he had decided not to accept the call
from the First Congregational Church of
Oakland, Cal.
AFFAIRS IN THE
KAISER'S REALM,
Celebration of the Founding
of the Berlin Academy
of Arts.
A BICENTENNIAL EVENT
Tumultuous Enthusiasm at the
Opening of the Industrial
Exhibition.
ENGLAND AND THE TRANSVAAL
The Vossiche Zeitung Says That
Hammond ani His Associates
Ought to Be Executed.
BERLIN, Gebmany, May 3.— The cere
monies which took place at the Berlin
Academy of Arta yesterday upon the occa
sion of the bicentennial celebration of the
founding of that institution possessed ex
ceptional interest from the fact of the
presence of so many art and literary celeb
rities, besides the large number of official
dignitaries. The affair, too, was in marked
contrast, as far as order was concerned, to
the opening of the Industrial Exhibition
on Friday, when, despite all of the efforts
of the police, the carriages of the Minis
ters, state functionaries, Embassadors,
generals and other persons of rank and
title who had been invited to be present
were so mixed up and retarded in their
progress that many guests, including Dr.
yon Boetticher, Vice-President of the
Council of Ministers, and Herr Thielen,
Minister of Public Works, left their vehi
cles and walked through the crowd.
The throng inside the exhibition build
ings, though they were composed of the
better class of Berliners and maintained a
fair degree of order until after the impe
rial party arrived, gave a startling exhibi
tion of boorishness the moment the Em
peror and his party arrived. As soon as
his Majesty entered the crowd they rushed
like an immense nock of sheep to secure
places belli nd the imperial cortege, with
out the slightest resard for the comfort or
convenience of the imperial circle.
The function of the Academy of Arts, on
the other hand, was a stateiy and well
regulated affair, and seemed to please the
Emperor and Empress greatly.
Both of their majesties, after the brief
formal ceremony, conversed freely with
the political and artistic peisonages pres
ent. The Emperor especially sought out
Herr yon Puttkamer; Dr. Miquel, Prus
sian Minister of Finance, and the Italian
and Russian Embassadors, and engaged
each of them in conversation for some
time, while he passed Baron Marschall
yon Bieberstein, Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, without even shaking hands with
him. This act on the part of the Em
peror may not have had any particular
meaning, but in view of the present
period of recurrent crisis it looked as
though he had purposely slighted the
Minister, and the act is regarded as con
firming many of the rumors which have
been in circulation of late that the dissen
sions in the Ministry have gone so far as
to involve the Emporor in the differences
alleged to exist.
Apropos of these rumors Baron yon
Berlepsch, Minister of Commerce, who
was reported on Thursday as being about
to resign in consequence of his discontent
at the failure of his measures in the Rajohs
tag, toasted the Emperor at the Exhibi
tion banquet in terms and tone which
could have been employed only by a
thoroughly contented Minister, and at the
same banquet Herr Eugene Wolff, the Ger
man explorer, agreeably disturbed th
placidity of the official oratory by sud
denly calling for cheers for Prince Bia
marck. Most of those present rose to
their feet and cheered lustily, after which
they sang "Deutschland ueber Alles,"and
resumed their seats amid another burst of
cheering.
The Industrial Exhibition opened in a
better state of perfection than was ex
pected, in view of the difficulties which the
managers bad to encounter through the
arbitary attitude of the workingmen and
from other causes. A special view of the
exhibition, arranged for the press through
Dr. Horwitz, the manager of the press de
partment of the exhibition, disclosed the
fact that vast strides had been made
toward getting things into a state of order
within the past week, and the general
opinion is that the exhibition will become
a popular success, and that those who have
seen the great international exhibitions
held in Europe and America can come to
Berlin with the assurance that they will
see something new.
Tne latest advices direct from Pretoria,
the capital of the Boutn African republic,
remove all official apprehension that there
will be war between the Transvaal Repub
lic and England. The feeling here is that
President Kruaer's diplomacy has ren
dered England powerless to trespass upon
the independence of Ihe Boers without
outraging the opinion of the world and
justifying the powers in intervening.
Dr. W. J. Leyds, the Secretary of State
of the Transvaal Republic, who recently
spent some months in Germany, will re
turn to Berlin in July in some new official
capacity, and Germany will soon send an
important diplomat to Pretoria, and this
will certainly be done, too, without asking
the opinion of England.
Tne utterances of the Right Honorable
Joseph Chamberlain, British Secretary of
State for the Colonies, against foreign in
tervention in the Transvaal have made no
impression here and will not in the slight
est degree affect Germauy's action. Tne
revelations which have just been made in
Pretoria, showing the duplicity of the
British officials, may have startled the
German public, but they have not sur
prised the German Government, whose
communications from Pretoria have kept
the German Foreign Office advised ot even
more than President Kruger has as yet
chosen to publisL.
The unanimous voice of the press
strongly condemns Mr. Chamberlain's
want of tact and the clumsy and arrogant
style of his treatment of President Kruger,
whom Prince Bismarck described as the
most astute diplomat he had ever met.
The remission by President Eruger of
the sentence of death pronounced upon
the leaders of the Johannesburg Reform
Committee has only found approval here
as having been dictated by political pru
dence. The National Zeitunß in an article
on the subject says: "If the condemned
men had been promptly executed their
fate would have been partly due to Mr.
Chamberlain, whose manner toward the
Boere has forced them to show- that their
rights deserved equal consideration with
those of the English."
The Vosaische Zeitung says: "Neither
Great Britain nor the Chartered Bouth
Africa Company had any right to expect
that the lives of the condemned men
would be spared, and the convicts ought
not to be pardoned. Rather, in view of
the comedy of the trial of Dr. Jameson in
London, the Government at Pretoria
should deal with them severely."
General yon Hahnke, chief of the Em
peror's Military Cabinet, had a conference
with Dr. Kayser, Director of the Colonial
Department of the Foreign Office, on
Thursday, upon a proposal to re-enforce
the troops in German Southwest Africa,
where there are at present only 510 men,
incladiug the officers. After the confer
ence between General yon Hahnke and
Dr. K.ayser, Prince yon Hobenlohe, the
imperial Chancellor, discussed the subject
with the Emperor, and it is understood
that they reached an agreement to send
re-enforcements to German Southwest
Africa at once.
The revolt of the tribes of Khavas and
Herreros is spreading. Advices received
by the Government from Major Luetwein,
the chief functionary in German South
west Africa, refers to the general agitation
of the natives against Europeans, and ask
that more troops be sent immediately.
The passage by the Reichstag of the
provision of the bourse reform bill, forbid
ding dealings in grain futures, has met
with vehement opposition in the Baden
and Hanse cities. The Berlin Post says
that Prussia and Bavaria will accept the
provision, however, and thus secure a ma
jority in favor of the measure in the
Bundesrath. The general committee of
the Reichstag proposes to adjourn the
session of the Chamber about May 22 until
autumn, but the Government has not yet
decided upon the matter.
Prince George, eldest son of the Duke of
Cumberland, underwent an operation last
Tuesday and appeared to be rapidly re
covering from its effects. On Saturday,
however, alarming symptoms of pyaemia
set in and he is in a critical condition.
Freiherr yon der Recke yon der Horat,
Prussian Minister for the Interior, has not
received the report 3of the Mutual Life
Insurance Company of New York, which
he requested to have submitted to him,
and the delay in receiving them retards
his disposal of the cases of the American
companies.
Hon. Edwin F. UhJ, United States Em
bassador to Germany, had an audience
with the Emperor to-day. Mr. Uhl de
clined to give any information as to what
occurred at the interview, but it is under
stood that the formalities of presenting
his credentials and their acceptance by the
Emperor were the same as those observed
upon the occasion of the presentation to
the Kaiser of the late Embassador, Hon.
Theodore Runyon.
The Emperor and Empress opened the
international picture exhibition at the Moa
bit at noon to-day. Dr. Bosse, Minister of
Ecclesiastical Affairs, Instruction and
Medicinial Affairs, delivered a speech, in
which he highly eulogized the Hohenzol
lern family for having assisted in the de
velopment of art. Prince Ferdinand of
Bulgaria was present. The Empress wore
a sea-green velvet dress and a gold brocade
bonnet with white feathers. The Emperor
wore the uniform of the Dantzig Hussars.
Mrs. H. G. Squires, wife of the second
secretary of the United States Embassy,
gave birth to a son on Thursday. Mother
and child are doing well.
A DAZZLING EXPOSITION,
Electric Wonders to Be Dis
played at New York's
Great Show.
Power From Niagara Falls — Interest
ing Features in Connection
With the Opening.
NEW YORK, N. V.. May 3.— Several
hundred men have been at work night and
day for the last week in making prepara
tions for the opening ceremony of the
National Exposition of Electrical Appli
ances to be held in the Industrial Arts
building beginning to-morrow evening.
The National Exposition is held under the
auspices of the same organization which
made the display at the World's Fair,
and it is incident to the nineteenth an
nual convention of the Electric Light As
sociation. The delegates present will rep
resent nearly 10.000 electric lighting plants
in the United States with an aggregate in
vestment of $750,000,000.
The opening ceremony will take place at
8 o'clock to-morrow evening and will be
attended by Governor Morton and his
staff and a delegation of State officers
from Albany as well as Governors of neigh
boring States, representatives of the Army
and Navy Departments at Washington,
Thomas A. Edison, Professor A. A. An
thony, Dr. Park Benjamin of Newark, P.
B. Delaney, Herbert L. Webb, Alexander
Graham Bell and other distinguished elec
trical magnates.
Governor Morton will be received by
the reception committee at the building
at 8 o'clock and escorted to the platform,
where he will delivers short address.
He will thereupon turn a current of
electricity generated from the falls of Ni
agara over the commercial wire of the
Western Union Company and put in oper
ation the machinery in the exposition
building. This will be the longest trans
mission ever performed by electricity for
power purposes. The only line approach
ing it in length was one established in
Germany, being 110 miles. On this occa
sion the Governor will use the same
golden key with which President Cleve
laud started the wkaels of the great
World's Fair.
Another incident in connection with the
opening will be the discharge of four pieces
of ordnance by Governor Morton over the
telegraph lines of the Postal Telegraph
and Cable Company. Arrangements have
been perfected whereby, with the consent
of the War Department at Washington, a
company of artillery at San Francisco,
New Orleans, Augusta, Me., aDd St. Paul
will plaoe a gun in the public parks which
will be connected by suitable mechanism
with the lines referred to.
As the Governor declares the opposition
duly opened, he will press a button, which
will discharge these pieces of artillery.
A feature of interest in connection with
the exposition will be the sending of a
message of congratulation to her Majesty
Queen Victoria on her birthday, May 24,
the current to be used being generated by
the waters of Niagara River, which are in
ternational.
Senator, Hair's Metidence Burned.
ELLSWORTH, Mr, May 3.— The resi
dence of Senator Eugene Hale was burned
here yesterday. Loss, $75,000; insurance,
$45,000. The bouse was uuoccu ied, but
was undergoing repairs. The valuable
library and furnishings in the main house
were saved.
THE PRISONERS
AT PRETORIA,
Minor Offenders Are Asked
Why They Desire
Clemency.
THE LEADERS IGNORED.
A Strong Point Is Raised in
Favor of John Hays
Hammond.
PAST LOYALTY TO THE BOEKS.
Health of the Imprisoned Men Is Good,
Their Quarters Having Been
Improved.
LONDON, Esq., May 3.-The Mail, a
newspaper here, has a dispatch from Pre
toria stating that the Transvaal Gof
ernment has asked each of the
minor members of the Reform Com
mittee who was sentencad to life im
prisonment and banishment, to state his
reason for requesting a reduction of hia
sentence. The four leaders who were sen
tenced to death were not asked for reasons
why their sentences should be commuted.
George Bicker, an American geologist,
has cabled to Secretary of State Olney,
pointing out that when, in December, the
proposal was made to raise a foreign
flag in Johannesburg, John Hays
Hammond, one of the leaders of
tne committee who was sentenced to
death, demanded and obtained from the
members of the reform committee an oath
of allegiance to the Transvaal.
A dispatch to the Mail from Cape Towu
says that J. S. Curtis, a member ol to*
committee, Is very ill near Cape Town and
that ac will probably return to Pretoria
and be tried separately when he recovers.
The dispatches regarding Mr. Curtis,
who is an American mining engineer, are
confusing. It was at first stated that he
was not present when the other prisoners
were sentenced, he having been admitted
to bail on account of sickness.
It was added that his trial would take
place at the next session of the court.
Later it was stated that he and other
Americans had been sentenced to pay a
fine of $10,000; to undergo two years' im
prisonment and then to be banished from
the Transvaal for three years.
The dispatch to the Mail, if considered
with other dispatches, leaves it doubtful
whether he was tried or not.
The Times will to-morrow publish a dis
patch from Pretoria, saying that the exe
cutive is seriously considering how to
avoid the inconvenience to the mining in
dustries entailed by the imprisonment
of mining engineers and others belonging
to the Reform committee. The dispatch
adds that the prisoners are in good health.
The Times correspondent at Palapye
telegraphs that the keenest indignation
was caused among the whites and natives
in the protectorate by the death » Jtences
passed upon the leaders of the committee.
The native chiefs on the Transvaal bor
der would welcome a chance of attacking
the Boers. The commuting of the sen
tences has r.ot allayed the resentment.
PRETORIA, South Africa, May 3.— An
improvement has been made in the ar
rangements at the jail where the members
of the reform committee are imprisoned,
and they are now more comfortable and
have little reason to complain of close
quarters. .
Work of the Rescuers.
BAN ANTONIO, Tex., May 3.— The
latest advices from Chihuahua state that a
rescuing party is still working in the mine
that lately caved in and several bodies
have been recovered. The forty miners
that were entombed must all be dead by
the time, as they have been in there for a
week. The rescuing party is cribbing the
mine as it goes in to prevent further dis
aster.
Killed By Brother-in-Loje
ERIE. Pa., May 3.— Edward Heidlei
shot and instantly killed hia brotber-in
law, Levi Kreider. this morning at the
latter's farm near Fairview, as a result of
a dispute over money. The murderer fled
to the woodr, but was surrounded and ar
rested by neighbors and is now in the Erie
Jail. Nothing but the absence of a leader
prevented a lynching.
:.. ' SEW TO-DAY. W^-^f
" , I|| ft t™~ 111 II |™
Dining - room small, •}. no
room for a china-closet, you
say? *
A standing one, maybe
not ; a hanging one, yes v .
Not big enough to get in
the way, but holds a good
deal— maybe 24 pieces. \
Oak (for yonr dining-room) $4.50. *. •
Mahogany (good enough for the, parlor) $5.50.
And there's not a whit of
cheapness about them — ex-
cept the price.
You won't know how ; bad
you need one until you see
them — in the window. •>
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.WHAT WILL THE
PRESIDENT DO?
He Confers With General
Lee on the Cuban
Situation.
VARIOUS SPECULATIONS.
Believed That Lee Will Go
to Havaoa in a Dual
Capacity.
THE QUEEN OF SPAIN'S SPEECH
* It Is Expected to Definitely Outline
the Government's Policy Toward
the Island.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 3.— Since
the passage by both bouses of Congress on
April 6 last of the Senate concurrent reso
lutions declaring that a state of war existed
in Cuba and that, in the opinion of Con-
press, the President should recognize the
belligerency of the Cubans and tender his
good offices to Spain to bring about a recog
nition of the independence of the Cuban
republic, no overt action has been taken oy
the United States, so far as is known, un
less the appointment of so prominent a
personage as ex- Governor Fitzhugh Lee as
Consul-General to Havana can be so re
garded.
There is a widely prevailing impression
that General Lee will go to his post of
duty in the double capacity of Consul-
General and special commissioner, em
powered to report directly to the President
as to the exact condition of affairs in
Cuba. This impression has been deep
ened by the protracted conferences which
General Lee held with Secretary Olney
and Mr. Cleveland yesterday. Meanwhile
considerable interest is felt as to the prob
able outcome of tbe matter.
The Queen of Spain's speech, to be de
livered at the opening of the Spanish
Cortes on Monday, May 11, is expected to
outline definitely the Cuban policy of the
Government. It is awaited with consid
erable interest here, especially as informal
assurances are believed to have been given
to the administration that Cuba is to be
tendered almost as great a degree of au
tonomy in purely domestic affairs as the
Dominion of Canada now enjoys in its re
lations with Great Britain.
The reform measures for the civil gov
ernment of Cuba promulgated by the
royal decree of Marcn 15, 1895, which were
not promptly put into operation because,
as it is claimed, the present revolution
prevented the necessary local elections be
ing held to provide the officials named in
the decree, are expected to be enforced
without much further delay, now that
elections for the Cortes have ostensiDly
been held throughout Cubs during the
past month. Supplementary to these laws
liberal legislation by the new Cortes is
also anticipated by those well informed as
to the Spanish programme.
In this connection the statutory progress
of Cuba toward liberal government since
the close of the 10-years' war is to be
shown by an official compilation of the
colonial laws which is now in course of
publication. .This compilation discloses
the fact that in the treaty of El Zanjonn,
which terminated that war in 1878, the in
surgents stipulated only for the freedom
of those slaves who had served in their
ranks.
The law of February 13, 1880, put an end
to slavery in the island, declaring all with
out distinction to be free — minors, how
ever, to remain under "patronage" until
1888, when even that feature was to be
abolished. Two years before that time ex
pired, the negroes were set at liberty by the
decree of October 7. 1886, and the last
vestige of slavery was obliterated.
The Spanish constitution of 1876 was
promulgated in the island April 7, 1881.
All public liberties and the rights of citi
zenship then enjoyed in Spain were thereby
granted to Cuba, involving the radical
change in its political regime that laws
were thenceforth enacted for it by the
representatives of the nation, whereas the
island had previously been governed by
direct orders from the crown. Since that
time Cuba Has been represented in the Na
tional Cortes by its Senators and Repre
sentatives. -
Provision for the enforcement in Cuba
of the penal code of the peninsula was
made by royal decree on Hay 23, 1879; of
the civil code, by decree of July 31, 1889;
of the law concerning civil prosecution, by
decree of September 25, 1885; and by de
cree of October 19, 1888, the law of crimi
nal prosecution was amended so as to re
quire prosecutions to be conducted orally
and in public instead of by written exami
nations in private — an important measure
of reform which had only just been estab
lished in Spain herself.
The Spanish code of commerce was ex
tended to Cuba January 28. 1886, and in
addition io nnrnerous laws of minor im
portance extended to the island the special
banking law was made operative August
16, 1878, and that of landed property May
16," 1879, and as amended July 14, 1893.
Most important, probably, has been the
development of tbe principal political laws
following upon increased liberty guaran
teed by the constitution of 1876.
The law of June 10, 1880, regulating the
right of meeting as proclaimed in article
13 of the constitution was made to em
brace tbe island of Cuba by the royal de
cree of November 1, 1881. This authorized
peaceful meetings to be held exactly as in
Spain, and provided that twenty - four
hours' notice be given to the Governor of
the province concerning the plice, pur
pose and time of meeting. This provision
differs little from the laws and regulations
prevailing in the United States, where
license and permits have to be taken out
from municipal authorities for many pub
lic gatherings.
The Spanish law of June 30, 1887, con
cerning liberty to form partnerships was
made applicable to Cuba by decree of
June 12, 1888, and that of January 7, 1879,
for the freedom of ihe press, was extended
to tfie isiand April 7, 1881. When that
Jaw was amended on more liberal lines in
Spain, June 26. 1883, its additional liber
ties were given to Cuba November 11, 1886.
This statute maintained that the pro
visions of the com r. on law were sufficient
to punish offenses or the press and gave
the ordinary courts full jurisdiction.
The laws of civil marriages, providing
for tbe religious toleration guaranteed by
the eleventh article of the constitution, was
proclaimed November 13, 18& i. Tbe
provincial and municipal organization of
colonies were made to conform with those
of the peninsula June 21, 1878.
Reforms in the right of suffrage have
been difficult of accomplishment wherever
the negro race is in the majority, but the
lav; concerning voters in elections for Cu
ban Representatives in the Cortes, promul
gated December 27, 1892, provides that
every citizen 25 years of age who pays the
sum of $5 to the State shall have the right
to vote, and this right ia enjoyed by ne
groes as well as white persons in Cuba. In
this law are likewise provisions which se
cure the representation of the minority.
The laws relative to education are also
important. As long ago as 1880 autonomy
was granted to the University of Havana,
and such ample provisions were granted
to it that but one university in the penin
sula (that of Madrid) enjoys privileges
equally great. High schools throughout
the island were organized in 1883, and
finally in 1887 freedom of education was
proclaimed to the same extent and man
ner as in Spain. •
The Cuban budget, it is shown, has been
reduced from $46,500,000 for the fiscal year
1878-79— the closing of the last war— to a
little more than $23,000,000 for 1893.
The system of taxation in Cuba and
Spain, it is claimed, could not be made ex
actly alike because direct taxes are repug
nant to Cubans, especially the lax on
land, which is the basis of the Spanish
budget.
The direct tax on rural property in Cuba
is 2 per cent, while in Spain it is from 17
to 20 per cent. As revenue had to be raised
in Cuba the income was sought from cus
toms duties. Notwithstanding this in
years when the greatest financial distress
prevailed the Spanish Government did not
hesitate to sacrifice that income in order
to meet the special need of Cuba's princi
pal agricultural product when the reci
procity treaty was put into effect. Many
Spanish industries had to be sacrificed in
order that Cuban sugar could continue to
find its chief market in the United States.
On the principle of "hearing the other
side' 1 this statement of Spanish reform
legislation in regard to Cuba is submitted
for consideration.
CUBAS BONDS IN DEMAND.
One Bidder Takes All That Are Offered
for Sale.
NEW YORK, N. V.. May 3.— Cubans at
the Junta headquarters in New street are
pleased at the information that has leaked
out that all the Cuban bonis lately put on
the market by the revolutionary party
have been asked for by one bidder, who
offers 60 per cent in ca»h. A favor
able confirmation of the news came from
Benjamin J. Guerra, the treasurer of the
Cuban delegation and also treasurer of the
bond committee. Mr. Guerra yesterday
said:
" We have an offer from a single bidder
for all the bonds we have on the market,
and his offer is under consideration. We
printed bonds worth $10,000,090, but de
cided to offer only $2,000,000. For the
bonds now on the market we have suffi
cient bids. Thr'se are for all sums, but we
have already one bid for the full amount.
This bid came from a Western man, who
represents a syndicate of capitalists. He
wants all of the $2,000,000, and will pay 60
per cent for them. He i 3 now on his way
to New York to perfect the transaction."
A FIGHT TO A FINISH.
The Question of the Eligibility of Women
Before the Methodist Episcopal
Conference.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 3.— The battle
for women will be fought to a finish in the
Methodist Episcopal General Conference
to-morrow at 10 o'clock, the matter being
the special order for that hour. The oppo
sition to the eligibility of women will be
led by Dr. Buckley of New York, editor of
the Christian Advocate. The o*her mat
ters of the morning session will be the
usual routine business of the conference.
In the afternoon there will be no session,
but the various standing committees will
meet for organization.
The committees on Judiciary, Consti
tution and the other special committees
will choose their own time and places for
organization. The evening will be de
voted to a reception to the fraternal dele
gates from the Methodist Episcopal
church south, and the Methodist Protest
ant church. The question of appointing
negro Bishops promises to be one of the
most interesting of the conference. There
appears to be a desire on the part of tbe
white delegates to evade the question, but
the negro delegates state that they are de
termined on obtaining a definite decision.
♦
ON THE DIAMOND.
Winner* cf the Sunday Baseball Games
in the East.
CHICAGO, 111., May 3.— The locals
made it three straight from St. Louis in
another one-sided game to-day. The
crowd was so large that play was almost
impossible at times. The turnstile count
was 17,231, but at least 3000 more were
present, as tbe crowd broke down the
gate to the 50 cent seats after it had been
closed and a great number rushed through
before the police came to the rescue. Hart
was hammered all over the field at times
when hits meant runs. Briggs did the
pitching for the home team, and while hit
hard, was accorded championship support.
Score :
Chicagos. 24200422*— 16 16 2
Bt- Louis 012102010— 7 16 3
Batteries— Brings and Donobue; Hart and Doug
lass. Umpire— Weldman.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 3.— Louisville
out twitted Cincinnati, but lost the game
by loose fielding and poor base-running.
Attendance 6000. Score:
Lionisvllles 000002 100—3 9 5
Cincinnati!) 00103 10 0 o—s 8 1
Hatterles — Frazer and Warner; Dwyer and
Vaughn. Umpire— Emsile.
TROLLET-OAR RUN WILD.
The fireen Motormnn Beeotnt* Rattled
and Several fersone Are Injured.
DETROIT, Mich., May 3.— Motor-car 75
of the Detroit RaMway jumped the track
in rounding the curve at the corner of
Marquette avenue and Hastings street, at
an early hour this morning, injuring tbe
motorman and conductor and three pas
sengers, more or less seriously. The
motorman was unfamiliar with the route,
and the car was running at a rapid rate of
speed when it struck the curve.
It jumped free of the tracks, ran forty
feet over the pavement, jumped the curb
stone and crashed into an iron trolley
pole, badly wrecking the body of the car.
Motorman John Hart and Miss Martha
Winkler, a passenger, were the most seri
ously hurt. They were removed to Harper
Hospital, and both will recover. James
Miller and Samuel Sanderson received
severe bruises and Conductor Brown had
one o* his hands badly cut. The other
occupants of the car escaped with a severe
shaking up.
Killed the Wife Through Jenionsy
IRONTON, Ohio, May 3.— James Beals,
a young molder, shot his wife tluee times,
mortally wounduig her, at noon to-day.
They ha«l been out for a walk and as they
approached home on their return he drew
and iired four shots at her, three taking
effect. He then escaped. The shooting
took place on a street crowded with Sun
day-school scholars and created great ex
citement. Beals and his wife had a jealous
quarreL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 4, 1896.
IN THE ALASKA
GOLD FIELDS,
Creeks and Rivers That
Contain Fortunes in
Metal.
THE RUSH TOO EARLY.
Hundreds of Men Compelled to
Await the Melting of
the Snow.
MANY VESSELS ARE OVERDUE.
California Expeditions That May Have
Been Lost— Excelsior Party's
New Town.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 3.— The steamer
Lakme, four weeks out, reached Seattle at
1 o'clock this morning from Cooks Inlet,
after a fine passage both ways. On board
was Will A. Steel, secretary of the Wash
ington Press Association, who reports his
observations as follows:
"The rush this spring to the gold dis
trict of Turnagain Bay, Cooks Inlet, was
unprecedented. Although comparatively
unexplored, numerous creeks on the bay
have given up gold dust and nuggets of
such value as to encourage the hopes of
prospectors, numbering into thousands,
that wealth may be rapidly amassed there.
During the past six weeks a score of ves
sels have headed for far Alaskan shores;
but they all started too early this year, for
an unexceptionally severe winter has left
its impress in huge cakes of ice that have
not yet been blown out to sea and snow
that still remains on the ground to a
depth of several feet. A fleet of vessels is
lying off Coal Point, in Kachekinak Bay,
awaiting a favorable opportunity to go 100
miles farther up the inlet.
"I spent two weeks cruising on the inlet
and from a careful examination of the ex
isting conditions and authenticated re
ports of developments and finds along
numerous creeks, am firmly of the opinion
that the proper kind of men hazard no
chance in casting their lines into the
golden waters tnat flow into the inlet.
Every creek and river shows traces of
fine gold, which increases in coarseness as
tbe streams are ascended, while pieces of
gold-bearing quartz are frequently found
in placers, demonstrating that farther
back toward the mountains are mother
ledges. Auriferous deposits cover a terri
tory of almost unknown extent, while
prospecting thus far has been compara
tively slight.
"It was late in the summer of 1894 that
the first discovery of coarse gold diggings
was made in Resurrection and Six-mile
creeks. In early spring, 1893, a couple of
hundred men were on tbe ground, with
the idea that they had but to reach out
and gather in a golden harvest. Many of
these men wandered around from creek to
creek, without concentrating their efforts
at any particular place. As a consequence
their findings were meager, and by the
middle of the summer possibly 100 had
taken their departure. But there were
many old-time, practical placer miners
who soon realized that they were in a
country of rich promise. They went up
the creeks and back into the hills and
gulcbes prospecting, with remunerative
returns. They found that Six-mile,
Canyon, Ressurrection and other creeks
contained bars bearing coarse gold.
"Before the summer was oyer 150 pros
pectors took up claims, many working
them as late as November 1, realizing from
$10 to $20 per day, and in exceptional
cases, as high as $50 per day. The claims
are 600 by 1500 feet in size, comprising
twenty acres, one claim allowed on each
creek, and the only cost being $2 for
recording.
"At Sitka, Fort Kenal. Kussilof, Coal
Point and other places on tbe inlet I met
and talked with prospectors who have
claims on the creeks and worked ihem late
last year. Several had but recently come
down on snowshoes and were awaiting an
opportunity to get back by boat. All were
positive in the belief that a gold field was
about to be opened up that would bring
forth untold wealth, and in a few years
give the persevering prospector a com
petency for life.
••Probably 1000 men are now on the inlet
waiting to get to the creeks. Several hun
dred more went from Sitka to Prince Wil
liam Sound, there to cross a portage
twenty-five miles, half of which is a
glacier, when the head of Turnaßain Bay
can be reached. Boats will then take
them down stream fifteen miles to Six-
Mile Creek, or twenty-five miles to Resur
rection, twelve miles beyond being the
mouth of the bay. A large number of
stores will be opened at different settle
ments.
"Representatives of the Boston -Alaska
Company, numbering sixty, who left San
Francisco on the steamer Excelsior, have
taken possession of Coal Point, a strip five
miles long, laid out streets and called the
town Homer. Major Homer Pennock is
chief of the expedition and A. E. Guil
bault superintendent. Both are from
Oakland, Cal., as are also most of the
other prominent men.
"A fine quality of lignite coal is found in
inexhaustible quantities in the surrounding
hills. The company will build a railroad
and bunkers from which coal will be
shipped to San Francisco. They have
already built a big floater, 72 by 24 feet, to
hold 140 tons of freight. The steamer
General Canby has been chartered and
will bring supplies and sixteen men from
Seattle. The manager says most of the
party are going to Turnagain Bay to mine
gold, but many think that their hydraulic
machinery is to work gold deposits near
Coal Point. A petition for a postottice at
Homer has been sent to Washington.
"The steamer Lakme carried over 200
passengers and 175 tons of freight. Leav
ing Seattle on April 5, it reached Cooks In
let on the 12th and remained until the
25th. During that time three attempts
were made to get tnrough the ice up to
Tunagain Bay without success. Captain
Anderson exercised due precaution and
refused to imperil the lives of bis passen
gers and the safety of the steamer by
listening to the reckless entreaties of many
of the gold-bunters, who were anxious to
reach their destination. They were
ianoed at Coal Point, 86 tents pitched
and Camp Andersonville established.
Arrangements were made whereby the
steamer Utopia, which was also anchored
off tbe point with 102 passengers, was to
take tbe Lakme passengers to Six-mile
Creek when the ice was cleared.
''Captain John A. O'Brien of the Utopia
was seriously ill for ten days with stom
ach trouble, but Dr. Rogers of Oakland,
who is on the point, successfully per
formed an operation that relieved him.
He is rapidly recuperating. Captain Ches
ter, who went as pilot, was given tempo
rary command of the Utopia.
"The schooner Lincoln, which left Seat
tle with twenty-one passengers on March
7 for Cooks Inlet, had not been sighted up
to April 25. Grave fears are felt that she
has been lost. Th« Hope, a small scuooner
that plies between the villages on Cooks
Inlei, sailed from Kodiak on April 14 for
Coal iPoint with considerable mail for the
Boston-Alaska Company. Tnis distance
is only 100 miles. For twelve days noth
ing was heard of her, and much anxiety
exists in consequence.
"When the Lakme left Coal Point, on
April 25, nothing had been seen of the
steamer Hattie Gage, the bark Theobald,
the barkentine Marion or tne schooner
Sutherland, which vessels left San Fran
cisco on April Ito 5 for the inlet. Neither
had the Lizzie B, Berry, Prescott or Can by
from Seattle been sighted. The Seattle
vessels anchored off the point are the
Utopia and the schooners Bryant, Loyal,
Stella Erland, Helen and Ellen Johnson.
The ship Prussia, with cannery supplies,
anchored off Kussilof on April 19* The
steamer Jennie expected to have her un
loaded by May 1.
"Joseph C. Lane, customs inspector at
Kodiak Island, died at St. Pauls on April
15. He was ill with stomach troubles since
last fall ana for five weeks before his death
could eat nothing. He wasted away al
most to a skeleton. Lane formerly resided
in Oregon."
MARE ISLAND GOSSIP
Flagship Philadelphia Goes Into
Dock to Be Scraped and
Painted.
Burial of Two Navy- Yard Employes
Who Lost Their Lives While
on Duty.
VALLEJO, Cal., May 3.— The flagship
Philadelphia will arrive at the navy-yard
Tuesday, and the following day will be
taken into dock for the customary scrap
ing and painting. The cruiser will prob
ably remain here several weeks, though
but little work *rill be done on it. Ad
miral Beardslee has been designated as
president of the board to go out on the
Oregon's trial trip. It has not yet been
settled whether the Monadnock will go to
Santa Barbara Channel to act as one of the
stakeboats or not.
The monitor is ready for sea. A delight
ful party was held on board Saturday
afternoon, which was largely attended by
officers and their families from the station
and ships. A number of army people
came over from the barracks at Benicia.
Mosic was furnished by the band from the
Independence.
The ever-welcome Fish Commission
steamer Albatross came up to the yard
durine the past week and is lying along
side the quay wall. About the middle of
the coming -^eek the Petrel and Concord
will come to the island and after the vessel
inspection is held it is the intention to put
each of the gunboats out of commission.
Some of the men will be sent East, wniie
others will be retained for the Oregon.
Should money become available the two
little gunboats will be placed in the hands
of the mechanics for a general overhaul
ing, which they are reported to be badly
in need of.
The funeral of Nels Ga'orielson, late
boatswain's mate on the McArthur, who
was drowned off Sausalito Friday last, took
place at the yard yesterday afteinoon, and
to-day the funeral of James Cluskev took
place at the 3'ard. Ciuskey fell down a
hatchway on the Independence, and was
injured ao badly that death ensued shortly
after.
Friends of Miss McCalla regret the in
jury sustained by her while at San Fran
cisco Friday. In attempting to alight
from a car she fell, breaking her ankle iv
two places.
It is not intimated at the yard who the
probable successor of Commandant Howi
son, in command of the yard, will be. His
three years will expire in July coining.
MAR SUE FOR DAMAGES.
Ex-Senator Campbell . Angered by a
Xeu>spajt*r Comment.
VALLEJO, Cal., May 3.— Ex-Senator
George J. Campbell is about to sue City
Trustee John A. Browne because the lat
ter charged him with having obtained
money from the old Lake Chabot Water
Company for services rendered them in
the late city water fight. In an answer by
Campbell in this morning's News to the
charge as published by Browne in the
Chronicle a few days ago, he says he will
try to have Browne make that statement
"not in a n ewspaper article, but where he
will be more careful of his words," leaving
the reader to infer he will prosecute
Browne on a charge of misrepresentation.
Browne charges among other things that
Campbell came trom Ireland, to which
this reply is made:
The man of unpronounceable words wishes
to remind the readers oi his screed that we
were born in Ireland. We confess judgment
without trial and say that we are rather proud
of the fact. Better men than we have been
born, raised and nurtured on the soil of that—
to us dear— but unfortunate island.
We Bre glad that Mr. Browne, in his allusion
to the "howl of the Banshee of your native
land," tries to taunt us by calling us Irish.
We thank a kind providence that such ver
min as he were not spawned on the Green Isle
where the Banshee doth cry for the coming
lost) of a gentle spirit.
Before the controversy is over, as each of
the contestants is hot-headed, there may
be war and without words.
Fire Department Affair.
VALLEJO, Cal., May 3.— The annual
election for officers of the Vallejo Fire De
partment was held last night and resulted
in the choice of David Collins as Chief En
gineer, William J. Haggerty, First Assist
ant Engineer, and Frank Farrell, Second
Assistant Engineer. The officers elected
have been connected with the depirtment
for many year? and are looked upon as
capable men.
IAUKS ON A CIRCLIS TRICK.
Sacramento Wheelmen the Victims of a
Miscreant's Malice.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 3.— The
Capital City Wheelmen to-day took a run
to J. G. Patterson's place, twelve miles
out, on the bank of tbe American River,
where Mrs. Patterson had prepared to give
them a picnic.
Tbe route was over the new wheel way,
alongside the public road, which cost sev
eral thousand dollars to prepare. Last
night some miscreant scattered tacks at
intervals along the wheel way and nearly
every rider bad his tires punctured.
The Supervisors have made it a misde
meanor tor any one to drive wagons or
ride horses on the wheel way, and if of
fenders are caught they will be jailed.
Fire at Vancouver.
VANCOUVER, B. C. May 3.-Fire this
morning destroyed Buse's shingle mill,
sash and door factory, near Hastings.
Loss, $25,000. partially covered by in
surance.
HEALDSBURG'S
ANNUAL FETE.
Northern Sonoma County
Unites to Make It
Successful.
OPENS ON WEDNESDAY.
Decorators Are Garbing the
City in Bunting and Flags
and Flowers.
RIVALRY AMONG HORRIBLES.
F. E. Cork Still Leads in the Race
for the Leadership of the
Maskers.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., May a— This city
has presented a more enlivened appear
ance to-day than is usually seen here on
Sunday. Decorators have worked from
early morn preparing for the festival to
begin next Wednesday. The threatening
weather was not all that could be wished
for; nevertheless tha work goes on just as
though the sun was shining brightly.
The towers and arches are completed and
the finishing touches are being put to the
cupola of the city hall. The city will be
ready for visitors on the opening day, but
visitors are even now making their appear
ance.
The entries for the bicycle races closed
last night. In the ten races 103 men have
entered and the managers of the local
cycling rlub are happy. The heavy rains
of the past week have done no damage to
the new track, wnich is being used to-day
for training.
Entries for the floral parade are also
coming in rapidly. One float will be
brought down from Hopland, Mendocino
County; two from Cloverdale; two from
Geyserville; three from Littoris; two
from Windsor; while Santa Rosa, Peta
luma, Sebastopol and Guerneville will
make fine displays. Nineteen floats will
be entered from Healdsburg, besides a
large number of decorated equipages.
The Veteran Fireman's Association of
San Francisco will not be the only
fire laddies in the parade. Indeed, an
entire division wili be made up of the Fire
Department of Petaluma, Sebastopol,
Cloverdale, Ukiah and Healdsburg. Three
military companies and five bands will be
in line.
The Calithurapians of Sonoma County
are to be out in full force. A spirited con
test is now on to see who will be chosen
king of these merry maskers. Above 400
votes went in the ballot-box yesterday, and
F. E. Cook is still leading J. C. Keene by a
small majority. The contest closes to
morrow night.
Outriders for the Calithumpians were
scurrying over the country to-day, gather
ing ail tbe mules and donkeys to be had,
for they will be needed for the parade of
this organization on Thursday afternoon.
The King will be crowned Wednesday
i a her noon on the plaza.
Seats for the visitors are being put up
all along the line of march, and thirteen
restaurants have been licensed to do busi
ness during festival days.
WATSONVILLE'S GUESTS,
Grand Court of Foresters to be
Given an Enthusiastic
Greeting.
Varied Entertainment Provided for
Eich Day of the Delegates'
Sojourn.
WATSON V I LLE, Gal., May 3.— The
eighth annual session of the Grand Court
of California of Foresters of America will
begin in Masonic Hall in this city to-mor
row. The business meetings of the order
will be attended by about 350 delegates
and grand officers and the session will
continue until Friday evening.
The canvass for funds by the finance
committee was a successful one, and the
decorating committee has been enabled to
make such preparations as will convince
the visitors that their presence is a pleas
ure to the people of the city. Banners of
the order displayed with evergreens, flags
and bunting are strung in all directions.
Many visitors from neighboring lodges
will participate in the demonstration of
welcome to-morrow.
In the evening after a ronsinj; reception
an open-air concert will be given by the
city band on the plaza, in the exact center
of the city. A street parade of officers,
delegates and local Foresters will take
place Tuesday afternoon, and the visitors
will be escorted by the Watsonvillo drill
corps, the Fire Department, local fraternal
societies and the city officials.
The parade will carry four uniformed
bands. After the march exercises will be
held on the plaza, when the key of the
city will be formally presented to the vis
itors. In the evening a public entertan
tnent will be given visiting Foresters at
the opera-house.
Every day of the five has been provided
for in prospective entertainments, but it is
expected that a change will be made in
order to allow the visitors to see Pajaro
Valley, in which event carriages will be
provided by the citizens.
COLUMBIA RIVER STRIKE ENDS.
Cannery men Yield to the Demand of the
•■ Fishermen.
ASTORIA, Ob., May 3.'— "Salmon-fishing
will' begin on- the Columbia River the
present week for a certainty," said the
manager of the largest cannery in Astoria
to-day. '
"The demands of the fishermen for 5
cents per pound will be , granted. Up to
the present time neither cannerymen nor
fishermen have been losers by the delay,
as the weather has been unfavorable and
few fish in the river." . ■ ; • :.' ..
; M. J. Kinney has • for some weeks been
been willing to pay the fishermen 5 cents
per pound, but other cannery men refused
to release him > from hi» compact. The
Fishermen's Union, knowing the feeling
of Kinney, offered to furnish, him with 800
boats, for t the season and; stay -by him
throughout the season if he would pay 5
cents. , . ""."■ ; : . . .-.-...
He submitted the offer to the cannery
men, stating that he would accept . unless
the combine made some progress in a set
tlement of the differences. • The cannery
men realized the effect of this ana agreed
to -be ready for all to go to work in a few
days. ' •■. ■ . ;: '. , ■
, . NEW TO-DAY. *l-li
The
NEW WAY
CLOTHING
'" ' ' '- : -- : • '■ ■'•." ' : "
rvTT^ir'*/" r 'T* : ' ■ - • ■ ;
DIRECT "
JL/l IV JL-^'w 1
from the — •^■^»^—
/I/I A f^ir^f>f^ ," _ -„.-„,'..- • ■■■■■■
MAKERS-
•
THE y— i^ bb— gam m
nnT aII DDACIT
RETAIL PROFIT mtmtmwwu
SAVED ; -
To save on every garment what the retail dealer
makes (which is often half the retail price) you ' ;
MUST come to us.
The true and false often have the same glitter —
so look sharp.
BOYS' LONG PANTS SUITS, 12 to 18 years,
$12 and down to $5. . : «
CHILDREN'S SHORT PANTS SUITS $7 50
and down to $1 50.
The same goods, double that at retail stores.
BROWN^^
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon City Woolen Mills
„ Fine Clothing .
jTTf^l For Man, Boy or Child SS| '
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET, V V^
Bet. Bush and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
W. J. piNQEE,
Real Estate Agent and Auctioneer,
60-4 Eighth Street, Oakland,
In conjunction with
II AH A f I Tf^M
~• aY A A■ aY JL JL JL
SATURDAY.. MAY 16, 1896
At 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises,
Sear Dwight Way and Telegraph Avenue,
AND FRONTING
College, Benvenue and Hlllegass Ave-
nues. Parker and Derby Streets,
6O 6O
SELECTED RESIDENCE LOTS
IN THE WELL-KNOWN
HILLEGASS TRACT.
The choicest location for family residences in this
city of grand views,
BERKELEY.
Surrounded by. residences of the first-clnss busi-
ness men of San Francisco, the professors of the
State University and the best citizens of Berkeley;
but 1 block from Dwlght Way, 1 block from Tele-
graph avenue and 4 blocks from Dwight Way
steam station; commands the finest view obtain-
able, of the Golden (.ate, Marin County hills, the
bay and the City of San Francisco. 'I he streets
are in perfect condition, sewered, macadamized,
curbed, graded and wat r-piped: all the street
work is complete. Cement stone walks around the
entire property. Public and urtvate schools near
by, the State University but three minutes' walk.
Terms exceedingly liberal— Only oue-
fourth cash; balance in 1, 2 and 3 years.
HOW TO REACH THE PROPERTY.
From San Frcncisco take the Berkeley train,
get off at Dwighl Way, walk up same to Hlllegass
avenue.
From Oakland take Telegraph-avenue electric
car.' get oft at Parker street, walk east one minute;
or . drove-street - electne car. gel off at Dana or
Dwight streets, walk past two minutes.
For catalogues, terms, etc., inquire of
. EASTON, ELDKIUGK & CO.,
Real Estate . . gents and Auctioneers,
638 Market street, San Francisco.
OrWM.'J. DINCKK, U«?al Estate Auctioneer,
460 and 462 Eighth street, Oakland. .
A. H. BKKED A CO.. 460 Ninth St., Oakland.
BERRY & BANGS, 120 gutter st., San Francisco.
patronize HOME DDOSTRI.
Bit DIRECT PROS TUG
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED BAR IRON »1.75 base
ANGLE 1R0N.... 2.13 flat
BAND IKON. 2.00 ••
Round Edge Tire 5teeL........ 2.10 flat
Toe " ......... 2.50 '•
Plow . - " 2.35 .**,'.
German Hammered" ......... 3.75 base
Pick. . •' "■ : 4.00 "
Machinery ■" ■ ......... 3.09 *•
Spring " ••• 2.50 ••
Cold Rolled ■••' .3.35 "
Finished Shafting 3.25 ••
Terms : — Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUDSON M'F'G. GO.
. . SAN FRANCISCO.
The moat certain and safe Fain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Sore
Throat, Bronchitis, ■ Congestions ; and* Inflamma-
tions. 60c per bottle. : . Sold by Druggist*
i ■■■■■■ itttim^i 1 jiiiufiinai itt 11 * 1 ■!■'■! ndnninHi rnlff
NOTICE OF SALE
....OF ...
MARIN COUNTY C
Railroafl Refnnfling
BONDS.
..." ' ' .- '■ ■ <■ •
©1 R(\ (\f\f\ MARTS COUNTY RAILROAD *
(jpIUU.UUU Refunding Bonds— l6o bonds at
$1000 each, bearing Interest at 4 per cent per an-
num: bonds payable on tne Ist day ot January,
1916, or at any time before that date at the pleas- *
ure of the County of Marin: interest payable on '*
the firs', day of January and July in each year; the
first coupon runs from the first day of April, 1896, ft
and is for $10.
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned.
Thomas J. Fallon. County Treasurer of the County
of Marln. State of California, thai, bids for the pur-
chase of the above-described bonds will be receive^} '*
by him at the County Treasurer's oflice of Maria J
Count;', in the city of ."-an .Rafael, Maria County,
California, on
Monday, May 4, 1896, :
lat the hour of 1 o'clock v. m. of said day. •
The said bonds will be sold at said County Treas-
urer's office on May 4, 1896, at the hour of 1
o'clock p. m. to the highest bidder for cash in
United States sold coin. No bid for less than the
face value of said bonds and all interest accrued
on them at the date of said sale will be considered.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check drawn to the order of said Treasurer for at
least 6 per cent of the par value of the bonds bid
for, which said check shall be forfeited to Marln
County should such bid De accepted and tin- party *
bidding fail to complete the purchase of the bonds
awarded to such party within five days from the ,
date of such award. > ,
The right is reserved to reject any or all bids. '
,-.; V THOMAS J. FALLOW, «
il'-V' , County Treasurer of Marin County.
San Rafael. Marln Connty, April 10, 1896.
HOTEL EMPIRE,
FIRE-PROOF. *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with oaths.
200 suites. 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from bwln*.is and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson BiT*r»
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
. A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in,
. America.
Pa«*enpers crossing the Jereey ferries take either
6th or Oth aye. " L ' to 66th St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars pawing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. 81 up. American plan, $3 up. Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
In New York. W. JOHN&ON QUIHN, Mgr.
WII. NOBIA, Fropr. 1 .
TTirTii ■iniHn m fn» 111M1T inr* •. ■ ■■■.tssstKj-s
34
LOS ANGELES
LABOR COUNCIL
Rapid Growth of Trades
Unions Within a ?ew
Years.
UNITE THEIE STRENGTH
Twenty-Thres Organizations That
Have a Membership of
Thousands.
WORK FOR COMMON JUSTICE.
Have BBttered Themselves and the
Community by Standing Shoulder
to Shoulder.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 2.— After
Seven years of well-directed and intelli
gent effort, the wai:e-workers of Los Ange
les have succeeded in perfecting organiza
tions in their various trades and crafts to
the number of twenty-three. All of these
unions are" represented in a central body,
known as the Los Angeles Count}* Council
of Labor. This central body stands as the
representative of 5400 workingmen.
The great work of building up this or
ganization of toilers in Los Angeles has
been no easy task. On the other hand it
has- been one of difficulty and embarrass
ment. However, those who had by past
experience become acquainted with the
benefits and advantages derived from
unity of effort among working-people were
not daunted by the unfortunate conditions
and circurustanccs it wa3 necessary for
them to overcome in order to attain suc
cess. • ■
The population of Los Angeles— now
close to 100,000— is a peculiar one. It is
made up of elements which exist in no
other metropolis in the United States. It
is safe to say that 50 per cent of the resi
dents ase possessed oi a sufficiency of the
.goods of this world to place them beyond
want. It is not necessary for them to
.labor for their daily bread. As a rule,
• this class ..has little or no sympathy with
trades unions. This condition of mind is
due to ignorance on their part as to the
aims and objects of the organizations.
Ti ey have a misconception as to why the
toilers in the various lines of labor form
nnions. They believe that a Board of
Trade, a Chamber of Commerce, a Manu
facturers' Association or a Merchants' As
sociation is the proper thins ; but why the
carpenters, the printers, the plumbers, the
cigar-makers, the railroad employes, the
Oricklay-ers or the clerks should form
themselves into unions of their respec
tive crafis they cannot understand, un
less it be to dictate to their employers
as to. how their business shall be run.
When the trades first began to organize
in this city there was quite a number of
residents who looked upon the move
ment with fear. They regarded it as I
anarchistic. They could discern no good
that would result therefrom. But the
-leaders proceeded and continued by circu
lars, public meetings and other methods
to overcome the adverse sentiment which,
aitnough it had no foundation in fact, was
deep set.
That the labor leaders have succeeded
:goes without saying. The principles upon
;which labor unions are founded are as
much respected in this city to-day by the
.great body of the people as is the case in
iany cixy in the country. Tne Council of
.Labor, representing 5400 toilers and 18,000
bf the population of the city, works in
harmony with the Merchants' Association
and the Chamber of Commerce to advance
all movements that are considered to be
for the public good.
The Council of Labor unanimously in
dorsed the Government appropriation for
San Pedro harbor and wired to Senator
White that under no circumstances would
that body approve of the wanton expendi
ture of $3,000,000 of th; people's money to
improve the private harbor of C. P. Hunt
ingtori at Santa Monica. It took equally
as determined a stand against the funding
bill. b
There existed in Los Angeles a few trade
unions prior to 1890, but in that year the
central body, the Council of Labor, was
Jormed. By tne constitution and bylaws
each union was entitled to five delegates
in the-council. At this time it has a mem
bership of 115. They are representative
men from each of the twenty-three tiades
jind vocations that are now "organized and
are soon to be photographed in a body.
The" president of the council is P. Me
. Namara, delegate from the Plumbers'
Union. He makes an excellent presiding
officer and has ever been a stanch friend
of the trades-union principle. He is a con
servative man, who believes in thinking
before acting and as a result his opinions
have great weight among his fellow-work
men. Mr. McNamara is a native of Ire
land, but for twenty-four years he has
been performing the* duties of and main
taining his rights as an American citizen.
H. E. Martens is the financial secretary
of the council and a delegate from the ci
gar-makers. He has been a member of
the union since 1879. [n 1885 he was ap
pointed by the president of the interna
tional union one of a committee of four to
conduct "the first axi>eiiiion of cipar
mafcers from New York to San Francisco,
177 arriving in the latter city January 2,
1885. * Three months later a special train
with 500 Eastern cigar-makers reached the
Golden Gate. The obj'ct of this exodus
was to supplant Chinese -with white labor.
Mr. Martens belonged to the ban Fran
cisco union for a number of years. He Has
always been a prominent and active trades
unionist.
E. R. Holman, the recording secretary
of the council, is a young man 28 years of
age atid a delegate from the Clerks' As
sociation. He is a native of Mississippi.
He has been an active member of the
Clerks' Association since its organization,
and was the representative of that union
in working ud the 6 o'clock closing move
ment, which was carried to a successful
issue with all local merchants. Mr. Hol
man has a thorough understanding of
trades-union crincipleß and is a most en
thusiastic advocate of them.
F. B. Colver, the treasurer of the coun
cil, has held that position since its forma
tion. For forty years he has been a mem
ber of the Typographical Union and is
perhaps the oldest member of a trades
union in Southern California. He is pub
lishing a bright little weekly, the Labor
World, which is the organ ot the trades
unions south of the Tebachapi mountains.
The freest union in the city is the Car
penters' Union. It has a membership of
approximately 300 and is affiliated with
the National Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Joiners. It was organized only a
short time ago and the beneficial results
that 'have ensued to the members have
been numerous. Charles Rice is the presi
dent and Joseph Ferris is secretary.
The oldest trades union in the City is
the typographical. It has a members! Ip
of 175. comprising come of the foremost
citizens. As a matter of course, the intro*
duction of machines has interfered some
what with the prosperity of the union, but
it still has quite a cash balance in its
treasury. Mr. Moore is the president of
No. 174. He is 35 years of age and has for
twelve .years past belonged to the organi
zation. This is the second time be has
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE LOS ANGELES COUNTY COUNCIL OF LABOR.
been elected president of the union, hay- !
ing served one term as treasurer and for
three years on the board of directors. He
also served one term as president of the
Council of Labor. W. M. Hawkins is the
corresponding secretary of No. 74, and a
very efficient officer he is.
One of the stanch and growing labor or
ganizations of this City is the Retail Clerks'
Union No. 83, which is affiliated with the
Ketail Clerks' National Protective Asso- j
ciation. No. 83 was organized in 1892 and
now has a membership of which is be
ing constantly increased. The union has ;
accomplished much good for its members.
Stores with but one or two exceptions now
close at 6 p. m. and no Sunday work is re
quired. This desirable condition was ob
tained by the members of No. S3 and as a
result of the assistance given them by the
council. Captain A. If. Green, E. R.
Holman and Colonel Frank E. Beahn
were active in the early and Sunday clos
ing movement and to them credit is due
for the successful issue attained. There
are many social features attached to the
union which have had a tendency to largely
increase its membership.
The president of the Clerks' Association
is Etiwi.rd Booth, a young, active and en
ergetic citizen, who holds a responsible
position with a large retail house. Mr.
Booth is a man quick to act when he is
sure he is right, but he possesses those
elements of conservatism which make him
an able and efficient leader. The first
vice-president is E. R. Holman; second
vice-president, A. B. Cowan; correspond- i
ing secretary, James Travis; financial sec
retary, P. E. Gray; treasurer, Sol Levy;
guardian, A. M, Green; guide, R. A. Ser
rano.
There is not one non-union band in the
city of Los Angeles. This is owing to the
fact that some years back the Los Angeles
Musicial Association No. 19, League of j
Musicians of the United States, was
formed, and that ever since a vigorous |
and active organization has been kept up.
The association has a membership of 200,
which includes every competent resident
musician in the city. The benefits of or
ganization and a uniform scale of prices |
were never more plainly illustrated than
in the case of this association. The board
of directors meet every Wednesday and
discuss matters as well as adjust any
differences that may have arisen. The
secretary is James Green. The union is
steadily increasing in membership.
The Plumbers and Gas Fitters' Union of
Los Angeles includes the workers in this
line in every establishment in the city of
any size or importance. It has a mem
bership of 150 and a scale of wages is main
tained equal to that obtained by the
workers in this line in any city in the
country. One of the delegates from the
Plumbers' Union has the honor of being
tde head officer of the Council of Labor.
James Bailey is secretary.
One of the recently formed organizations
in this city is the United Barbers' Associa
tion, which starts off with a membership
oi over 200, to which accessions are being
received at every meeting. A barbers'
union is bometning new in this vicinity,
but the enthusiastic manner with which
the razor operators have taken hold of the
one that has been formed insures its suc
cess.
The president is Z. Decker, an old-time
resident of California and one of tne fore
most citizens of the county. Mr. Decker
for a number of years held the position of
Public 'Administrator of Los Angeles
County, and he discharged the duties of
that important trust with honor and credit
to himself and the party that elected him.
The other officers are: Vice-president, G.
F. Valiant; recording secretary, Fred J.
Moll Sr. ; financial secretary, 0. C. Hin
ters; treasurer, J. C. W. Razell; sergeant
at-arms, Charles W. Beady. Executive
committee: Charles Hez, C. A. Woerner,
F. H. Bean, J. S. Merrill, L. M. Gray. One
fact in connection with the formation of
the Barbers' Union is very significant
and should be mentioned. It is mat in
almost every instance wherever solicited,
the proprietors of shops have joined. This
has h tendency to make the organization
very strong.
The Plasterers' Union is one of the new
unions of Los Angeles. It has a member
ship of 104, including every plasterer in the
city. Prior to the formation of the union
the plasterers were paid $3 a day in this
vicinity. One Monday morning recently
the union men sent in a request for an in
crease to $4 per day. The contractors re
fused it and the men as a body quit work.
Two hours later the president of the union
was sent for and informed that the request
for an increase was granted. Plasterers
now receive $4 per diem as a result of their
unity of action.
The Painters' Union of Los Angeles is a
strong organization, with a membership
of something over 100. It has been in ex
istence for soveral years and has always
been well officered. The president is J. H.
McWilliams. He has for the past fifteen
years been a member of the union, and is
a stanCh advocate of the principles of
organized labor. He was one of the lead
ers in the nine-hour movement, and is
now as enthusiastic in pushing the eight
hour proposition. Mr. McWilliams is the
permanent president of the Labor Confer
ence which has been formed in this city.
A. H. Hetuerington is the very efficient
secretary of the Painters' Union. The
painters here all work on an established
scale of wages, which is liberal and uni
versally satisfactory.
The local branch of the American Rail
way Union is still maintained in this
City, although its meetings are strictly ex
ecutive, and beyond its officers the out
side world knows but few of its members.
It? roll of membership includes over 150
men. J. L. Rogers is president and H. J.
Quee is secretary.
The bricklayers have a strong organiza
tion here, with a membership of eighty
three. The organization was but recently
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 4, 1896.
formed, but satisfactory and encouraging
results have already accrued. Before the
union was formed bricklayers were paid
all the way from $3 to $4 50 per day; there
was no uniformity. Now a regular scale
of wages has been established, which is
being maintained without dispute or con
flict. It is $4 per diem. In some instances
contractors pay |4 50, but $4 is the mini
mum, D. C. Gurney is the president of
the union and W. J. Gillis the efficient sec
retary.
Perhaps the strongest labor union in
Los Angeles is that of the Electrical Work
ers. It includes in its roll of members
every man in the city engaged in that line
and there are some seventy-five of them.
The organization was formed some two
years ago. A. McFarlane is president and
P. E. Peters secretary.
The cigar-makers have a union in Los
Angeles, which, next to the Typographi
cal, is a pionrer. It has fifty members
and for years they have all been busy con- I
ducting a vigorous war against Chinese
made cigars. Outside of Chinatown the
union has succeeded in driving them out
of the local market. The uniform scale of
wages maintained is satisfactory and all
employers are in perfect harmony with the
union and its objects. C. W. Stigenwald
is the president and 11. E. Martins is sec
retary.
The bakers have a union which has just
celebrated its first anniversary, when over
125 members were present. The bakers
have been seeing to it that the bakeshops
of the City are conducted on sanitary prin
ciples, and they have also succeeded in
shortening th ir hours of labor. L. Gill is
the corresponding secretary; Peter Aiirtl
is the president.
A strong labor organization is that of the
sbeetiron and cornice workers. The union
has been banded together now for some
thing like a year, and include* every
competent worker in this line in the City.
A living rate of wa?e has been established,
and the members of the union are in per
fect harmony with employers throughout
the City. William Steffen is the corre
sponding secretary.
The Lathers' Union, with a membership
of sixty, includes every lather in the City.
A. A. Peterson is the corresponding sec
retary. This union was only recently
formed.
The Hotel and Restaurant Employes'
Alliance is a union that has been in exist
ence about eight months. It has a mem
bership of 11U and is on ;i firm basis. W.
E. Collins is president and W . E. Warren
secretary.
The Stonecutters' Union is a recently
formed organization with a membership
of sixty. The foremost members of this
union, who were largely instrumental in
its institution, are C. Bly, C. W. Flute and
C. A. Smith.
The Cooks' and Pastry CooK»' Union
has bean waging a vigorous warfare against
the Japanese restaurants in the City, and
has succeeded in driving them out of busi
ness. It has a membership of fifty, and
with the assistance of the Council of Labor
has won a victory. H. O. Wells is presi
dent and C. H. Wobbenhurst correspond
ing secretary.
The Butchers' Association has about
fifty members. It is established on trades'
union lines for benevolent purposes.
Adolph Le Brun is president and \V. J.
Andrews secretary.
At San Pedro is a branch of the Sailors'
Union of the Pacific which has a member
ship of over 100. The union sailors are as
active at San Pedro as they are at any
other port, and their union organization
is of the same character and equally as
strong.
Recently the Buildine Trades Council
has been formed. It is composed of three
delegates from each of the building trades,
every one of which is affiliated with the
council. On the first day of May it has
been voted to put the card system in
operation, and it is believed that this can
be brought about without any clash of
interests.
The Los Angeles Labor Congress is a
new organization which meets monthly.
It comprises five delegates from each labor
union, and its object is to meet and dis
cuss matters of a political nature. The
officers are: J. H. Me Williams, president;
C. E. Fist, vice-president; E. R. Holman,
secretary. The socialists endeavored to
capture the organization at the time offi
cers were elected, but they failed signally,
being out-voted rive to one.
The International Educational Labor
Association is a society comprising some
500 members. A meeting Is held once
each week for the only purpose of discuss
ing live questions of the day affecting the
working people. E. E. Shafer is the secre
tary, and at each meeting a new presiding
officer is chosen by a standing vote.
Los Angeles also has a Labor Exchange
with 350 members, and additions thereto
are constant. It is a grand co-operative
scheme, which is being generally intro
duced throughout the country.
In addition to the workers in the city
in the organizations mentioned there are
6000 members of the Farmers' Alliance in
Los Angeles County.
The work of organization in the city is
continuing. The backmen have secured
200 signatures to a paperand will shortly
organize. The expressmen have 150 sig
natures to their paper and they will form
a union.
The ill feeling that five years ago ex
isted in this city against trades unions has
almost entirely disappeared. This has
been brought about by investigation and
a more thorough understanding of the
principles upon which trades organizations
are based. F. B. Colvkr.
A Constant Cough, with Shortness of Breath,
Failing Strength and Wasting of Flesh, all be
token Langs more or less seriously affected, and
demanding prompt treatment. By niilng Dr. D.
Jarne's Expectorant serious result* may be either
avoided or palliated.
SAN JOSE IN
FESTAL GARB,
Elaborate Decorations in
Preparation for the
Carnival.
KING COLE'S GREETING.
Gives Notice That All Care Must
Cease When He Enters
the City.
MASKERS TO REPEL ATTACK.
A Mock Invasion the Feature of the
Closing Night of the
Fete.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 3.— Several thou
sand visitors were in the city to-day, and
with the many decorations for the great
carnival of roses which opens on Wednes
day save the place a holiday appearance.
Carnival visitors have begun to arrive and
it is expected that at least 15,000 will be in
this city on the opening day. Those al
ready here were increased to-day by the
Incogs of San Francisco, who picnicked at
Agricultural Park. They brought down
about 2000 excursionists. Aside from a
few fights the outing was a great success.
The carnival decorations are well under
way and will be completed by Tuesday
night. The arch of the carnival near the
narrow-gauge depot is finished and pre
sents an imposing and beautiful appear
ance. The other three arcbes are in course
of construction.
Business houses have begun to orna
ment their fronts, and the streets are
brightened by lines of vari-colored stream
ers and banners and foliage. The trim
ming of the electric tower is progressing
as fast as possible, and by Tuesday it will
be a huge mass of evergreens and red,
white and blue banting. Some idea of
the grandeur and beauty of the decor
ations of the tower, which is over 200 feet
high, may be formed when it is known
that over 1500 yards of red, white and blue
bunting, several hundred flags and several
carloads of evergreens will be used in its
ornamentation.
On Saturday evening the city will be
turned over to King Cole, who will fit
tingly conclude the carnival with a grand
triumphal march of his loyal subjects
through the city. In anticipation of the
coming of the King, the Burgomaster of
the city has issueds ued the following proclama
tion :
PROCLAMATION OF THE BTTBGOMA!«TER OF SAN JOSE.
To the citizens of Santa Clara County and
neighboring provinces — Greeting : Rumor has
brought report to hi« royal majesty, oar be
loved sovereign, King Cole, that certain friv
olous, discontented and rebellious persons
dwelling in our midst have been tempting
to sedition his majesty's good and loyal sub
jects of Santa Clara County, and that some
have gone even so far in evil course as to as
sert that they will declare allegiance to a cer
tain beautiful princess of the Uitlander King
dom of Roses and place her upon the royal
throne.
His august majesty has communicated to us
his exceeding royal displeasure thereat, and
has announced his arrival at the gates of our
Garden City at the evening hour of the 9th day
of this present month of May. With his glo
rious majesty will come also his resplendent
court, and in his train will be his great fire
breathing, man-destroying, royal Oriental
dragon, so recently by his" majesty subdued in
valorous single-handed combat amid the wilds
of Port Arthur.
Now, therefore, let it be ordered that all of
the citizens of this and our neighboring prov
inces assemble and straightway repair to the
city's gates, there to testify tbeir loyalty toour
gracious sovereign and evidence their disap
proval of those acts that have so displeased
him; let those that would not incur the
dragon's wrath mask their faces, that they
may escape the blight of its awful gaze; let
frivolity ard mirth prevail to distract his
royal anger; and let the testimony of our
allegiance be pronounced, that we may be re
stored to his royal favor.
Of the hour of assembling ye will hereafter
be advised. Long live the King.
Koch yon Valehtinb, Burgomaster.
In the meantime King Cole has not
been idle, and to-day he\ issued the fol
lowing manifesto to his loyal subjects in
the city :
To our subjects In the principality of Santa
Clara county, greeting: During our temporary
absence in our ditant provinces, where those
faithful servants, Oom Paul and Antonio
Maeeo, so ably direct our affairs of state, and
where our royal presence has been required,
it has come to our royal ears that certain dis
loyal subjects among you residing have been
in revolt, declared allegiance to a princess of
foreign blood and are about to surrender to
her the keys of our loyal city. Now hear ye
what your liege lord doth proclaim:
Upon the ninth day of this fifth month of
the twentieth year of our reign we will come
to your city of San Jose in the evenine of that
day, accompanied by our household and min
isters of state and guarded by our royal Ori
ental dragon. Within your gates we will rest
until the rising of the sun in the morning of
the day following:, and while we tarry we shall
mete out just and fitting punishment to those
among you of haughty and rebellious spirit
and make due reward to those who have re
mained faithful to our royal person.
Let your burgomaster make notice hereof to
all our subjects.
Our hand and seal. Cole Rex.
Given at the Royal Palace.
The idea of the triumphal march of the
King of the Carnival and bis retinue is
that there is an uprising in the kingdom.
His Majesty, with royal alacrity, has dis
patched couriers to all the principalities
of his domain, gathered a vast array of
which he is both general and king, that he
may take possession of this city, which is
one of bis principal cities, and upon which
foreign invaders have covetous designs.
The king and royal family and dignitaries
of the court will head this grotesque
parade, and after them will come the mam
moth Chinese dragon, which proved such
an attraction at the Los Angeles fiesta.
The dragon, which is over 300 feet long,
wili be escorted by 150 Chinese, and from
its mouth will belch forth fire and smoke.
The Arabian Degree Klan No. 4—l1 — 44
will turn out in full force, while over 1000
masked wheelmen will be in line. There
will be hundreds of other special features
in the parade, and it will be one of the
most novel sights ever seen on the coast.
Everybody has been invited to join in the
march, the only requirements being that
the participant shall be masked and iv
costume.
BEATEN BY HER HUSBAND.
Mrs. Minnie Smith Considers That
Cause for Divorce Proceedxngs.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 3.— Mrs. Minnie
Smith of Almaden has tired of the alleged
cruelty of her husband, Edward J. Smith,
and commenced a suit for divorce. The
Smiths were married in this city in June,
1893, and at once took ud their residence
at New Almaden, where Smith is foreman
of a section of the quicksilver mine.
Mrs. Smith alleges that shortly after
their marriage Smith began his cruel
treatment and kept it ur> until a couple of
waeks ago, when he gave her a severe
beating and drove her from the house.
They nave two small children, of whom
the wife wants the custody. She also asks
for $50 per month alimony.
Run Away from His Home.
SAN JOSE.CaI., May 3.— Calvin Forman,
a 14-year-old boy who ran away from his
home at North San Juan, Nevada County,
was this afternoon tnrned over to the po
lice by his aunt, Mrs. Kate Butts, who re
sides on State street. The boy left his
home about a month ago and yesterday
came to visit his aunt, who refused to have
anything to do with him because he had
run away. The boy sayß his father is a
miner at North San Juan, but drinks to
excess, and he has been compelled to sup
port himself for the past two years.
Fruit Exchange Directors Named.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 3.— At the annual
meeting of the Santa Clara County Fruit
Exchange yesterday the following directors
were elected for the ensuing year: Philo
Hersey, C. P. Wyman, Noah G. Rogers, W.
H. Wright, W. W. Tyler, J. T. Grant, J. A.
Wetmore, E. A. Wheeler and A. Y. Cham
berlain. The new directors are W. W. Ty
ler, E. A. Wheeler and A. Y. Chamberlain,
who succeed F. M. Righter, H. C. Morrill
and H. G. Keesling.
Goes Into Insolvency.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 3.— R. L. Higgins,
who has been doing a lumber business at
Santa Clara under the name of the North
Coast Lumber Company for the past seven
years, has assigned for the benefit of his
creditors. His liabilities are $0500; assets
$6700.
SANTA CRUZ ACCIDENT.
William Moore Is Thrown From His Horse
and Receives Injuries Which May
Prove Fatal.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 3.— William
Moore of this city, one of the heirs of the
famous Moore estate that is in litigation
in the courts here, wa§ this noon thrown
from hi 3 horse while driving cattle and so
badly -injured that he may die.
Moore went out this morning to assist
E. V. Cowell to separate some wild cattle
from the Cowell herd on that ranch some
miles from town, and with the assistance
of a man named Cobert and others had
succeeded in putting several hundred of
the intruders on the run, when a steer
came out of a small gulch at a rapid speed
coliidiug with Moore's horse audkaock
ing the horse down. Moore fell under the
animal. His associate found him uncon
scious, but sustaining no bruises.
He was carried to town and upon the
first examination by Dr. Knight was
thought to be paralyzed, though he after
ward gave signs of fair use of his limbs.
Concussion of the brain proved to be the
real distress and the young man was still
unconscious at 8 o'clock to-night.
SALT LAKE BRIDENE CASE.
Jurors Fail to Agree as to the Guilt of
Martin llayken.
SALT LAKE, Utah, May 3.-Martin
Hayken, agent for the furniture-house of
Andrews & Co., of Chicago, was tried
in the State court here all last
week on the charge of giving
a bribe to ex - County Commissioner
Joseph R. Morris of $5000 for the purpose
of influencing Morris' vote in awarding a
contract to Andrews <fc Co. for furniture
charged at $54,000 for the new city and
county building in this city, and which
was alleged to be worth only $28,000.
The case reached the jury at noon on
Saturday, and this morning the jurors
were discharged, being unable to agree
upon a verdict. Seven of the eight jurors
stood for conviction on what they called
"general principles," while ohe was for
acquittal.
Judge Hines, who presided at the trial,
said from tne bench that the evidence
was not sufficient to warrant a conviction.
There are four other indictments pend
ing against Hayken for alleged bribing of
the other two County Commissioners in
connection with the same deal.
The Astoria Break,
ASTORIA. Ob., May 3.— Captain Currie
of the wrecked British ship Glenmorag
leaves to-morrow for England, to confer
with the owners as to the disposition of
the vessel. The first officer will remain in
charge.
Bids already received for removing the
ship from its position in the sand were re
fused pending Captain Curries arrival in
England. The Glenmorag's position and
condition remain unchanged. It is high
and dry, out not injured in the slightest.
FORT BIDWELL TRAGEDY.
Walter J. Decious Ends His Life
With a Bullet From
a Rifle.
Impelled to the Act by Fear That
He Con d Not Support
His Bride.
CHICO, Cal., May 3.— A dispatch was
received in Chico last night from Fort
Bidwell stating that Walter J. Decions, a
young man of that place, had committed
suicide. Young Decious attended school
and had been living in Modoc County for
several years. He had many friends and
acquaintances here.
The circumstances attending his death
were peculiarly sad. Not qnite two -weeks
ago he married a young lady of eood fam
ily. There had been on his part no dem
onstration either of regret or disappoint
ment, but yesterday the young man bor
rowed a rifle, placed the muzzle directly
over his heart, with the butt against the
wall, be discharged it by pressing upon the
trigeer with a stick.
When found his bands still held the
rifle and stick in a death clasp, settine at
rest all question as to the manner of his
death.
Decious left a letter in which he assigned
as a reason for his act his fear that he
should nor be able to support his wife in a
becoming and fitting manner. It is very
probable that the young man's mind was
temporarily unbalanced when he killed
himself.
THE NEW SHAH ENTHRONED.
Body of His Murdered Father to Be Interred
in the Ancestral Tomb near
Teheran.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 3.—Muzafer
ed-Din, the second son of the late Shah.,
was enthroned to-day at Tabriz, the capi
tal of the province over which he has been
acting as Governor. He will start for this
city at the earliest possible moment.
The body of the murdered Shah has
been embalmed. The remains will be in
terred in the mosque at Xoom, Province of
Irak Ajemee, eighty miles southwest of
Teheran, where his predecessors are
buried. All the affair? of State were sub
sequent to the Shah's death entrusted to
Emm Es Sultan, the Grand Vizier, whose
energy has secured order everywhere in
the country.
All the princes and governors of prov
inces have telegraphed their congratula
tions to the new Shah.
LONDON, Eno., May 3.— The Times will
to-morrow publish a dispatch from Con
stantinople saying that the assassination
of the Shah has thrown the Sultan into a
state of terror. Telegrams regarding the
crime are not allowed to enter Turkey,
and the local newspapers have been for
bidden to mention the affair.
- ' . . ■ NEW TO-DAY. . j ; ; ■ '•"'■.■
Twisted, swollen, painful, weakening in its effects upon the
vital powers, the direct cause of thousands of cases of general
nervous exhaustion, debility and decay. This is Varicocele in
the veins of the vital parts. It is perhaps the most dangerous of i
the many results of early indiscretions. It drains the vital pow- r
ers in that slow, treacherous manner which leaves no sign of ita >
terrible effect until the awful work is done— until the whole
nerve force, the foundation of mental, physical and vital strength,
is undermined and manhood destroyed. Doctors have tried
every known means in their attempts to cure it, and have usually ••
given it up with the advice that it will not be a serious matter.
But this is only their way of excusing themselves for their help-
lessness. It is a serious matter, as is proven by the thousands of
physical wrecks it has caused. But it can be cured by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
.^S-*^. ' LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 14, 1896
/^vS # Ks\> • rißt •*•• T - SANDEN— Sir: I bought one of your strong.power
//^>^=ssv<(>vv Belts for Varicocele, accompanied by weakness. Mv case was of lon*
l/4»i^\\rO} standing and was aggravated by the use of all kinds of medicine I
Utltr m/ W7 from which I found no relief until I used your Belt. I found rood •
mTlU^r%C wff,r results as soon as I applied it, and In a short time the veins in the
« I^\Sr/ifcSs3r^C scrotum became very much reduced. Now, I want to testify to the
jr^J^»\*rr^iW«*|5 Ss great good your Belt has done me and take great pleasure in recom..
K£»T« X! «5-«€ mending it. Truly yours, GEO E NA<SH
J^m^'^^^^B Fifth and Crocker streets, Los Angeles. «ab«.
There is not another remedy in the world
: V^'^M« to " da which has , received the favorable men-*
■ ll* V^A^T /5// tion that haS been given Dr. Sand en's Electric
Belt. In many forms of disease and weakness
in both men and women it has proven effective «
. \~~* gg -^ and deserves a trial. Full information and
price list in the book "Three Classes of Men," free. Call or
iddress " " " «
v - : • : ; SANDBN ELECTRIO OO *•*".'
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL. SAN FRANCISCO.
Omc =O^ A.^ £*30 P. Kg^n l6to I
« IX>S ANGELES, CAL. . I '-VT* pnRTr iwn r.T. '
SOLbouthß^wajr.- L w/w^^ o
ALASKA INDIANS
AGAIN WARLIKE,
Renew Their Demands for
the Life of a White
Murderer.
INSIST UPON JUSTICE.
Fears That They Will Slay a
Prominent Sitka Man
in Revenge.
ON THE VERGE OF TROUBLE.
Settlers Eager for the Reds to Make
a Move That Would Warrant
Their Extermination.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 3.— AccortHag
to Dr. Charles L. Tisdale of Alameda.Cal,
who returned from the North by the
steamer Mexico, a clash between Indians
and whites ~may occur at any hour near
Sitka, Alaska. The trouble grows out of
the killine several months ago of an In
dian by a white man named Mills in a sa
loon row. Alaska is supposed to have &
strict prohibition law, but Dr. Tisdale says
that there are numerous saloons running
quite openly at Sitka and Juneau and the
Jiquor dispensed is vilely adulterated. It
was thought the Indian trouble had blown
over, but of late the redskins have become
more threatening than ever.
Some time ago an Indian killed a white
man. He was tried, found guilty of mur
der and is now under sentence of death.
One evening after this, while some sailors
of the United States steamship Pinto were
drinking in a saloon at Sitka, an Indian
came in drunk and quarrelsome. He in
terfered with the sailors and a row en
sued. It came to an abrupt conclusion
when a civilian named Mills, a man of
immense strength, grabbed the Biwash by
the legs and, swinging him in the air,
dashed his head against a wall. Down
fell the redskin with his skull cracked.
Then somebody dragged him into a room
in the rear of the saloon, where the unfor
tunate creature lay for a couple of days
like a dog without care or attention.
On the third night after the trouble a
man walking along the street stumbled
over a body stretched on the sidewalk. It
was the victim of the fight who, in a
dying condition, had been laid there, pre
sumably to give the appearance of haying
met with an accident. The Indian died
the next morning, and the chief of the
tribe swore out a warrant for Mills, who
was arrested and tried for the murder last
month at Juneau. Dr. Tisdale states that
all the evidence was not brought out and
Mills was acquitted.
This result made the Indians savage
against the white men. The chief of the
tribe spoke bitterly of what he considered
the great injustice at condemning an In
dian to death for murdering a v 'it man,
while a white man could kill an Indian
with impunity. "An eye for an eye and a
tooth for a tooth" is the Indian method of
evening things np and they swear that
only the blood of a white man will wipe
out the injury.
When the Mexico left there was a bitter
feeling between the whites and Indians.
It was feared that the Indians would carry
out their threats, while the whites were
determined that if any one was murdered
they would wipe out the tribe.
Should strife begin it would be a war of
extermination against the Indians, and the
United States authorities would have their
hands full to restore order.
Dr. Tisdale left for San Francisco last
night. He is a nephew of Hon. David
Tisdale, who has just been made s mem
ber of the Dominion Cabinet, and at bne
time was Government physician at Hawaii
during the reign of King Kalakaua.
Strange to say, Mills has gone back to
Sitka and feels perfectly safe, as he con
siders that it will not be on him that the
Indians will wreak vengeance, bnt rather
on the most important and prominent man
in the district.
Won by Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 3.— The Santa
Cru*; Electrics beat the San Jose baseball
nine at Vue de l'Eau Park here this after
noon ; score 13 to 2.WOULD MAKE A
MAYOR OF PHELAN.
The Junta Leaders Have
Taken "Jimmy" Up to
Boost Him.
HE WOULDN'T REFUSE IT
Fifty Delegates-at-Large Likely
to Be a Feature of the
Junta Plan.
BIG SWARM OF LAW-MAKERS.
Some of the Many Local Democrats
Who Want to Go to the Senate
or Assembly.
The Junta wants to make James D. Phe
lan the Democratic nominee for Mayor
and Mr. Phelan is not opposed to having
that process worked out on him.
If a considerable portion of the local
Democratic party will join with Mr. Phe
lan and the Junta, Mr. Phelan may be
come very prominently mentioned for the
place.
Of course by the "Junta" in such a con
nection as this is meant Gavin McNab, Ed
Lanigan and Chairman Sullivan, along
with the half-dozen smaller political fry
who are standing in with the real powers
in control.
Phelan is a member of the Junta com
mittee and is understood to be in sym
pathy with it. He is the recipieut of much
of Gavin McNab' s admiration and is quite
popular in a distant way in the Junta. M.
C. Hassett is said to have sounded Mr.
Phelan on the possibility of his accepting
a nomination for Mayor and Mr. Phelan
is reliably reported to have avoided any
direct acceptance, but to have said that the
office beam an honor and a duty which no
. citizen should refuse.
Of course the Buckieyites 6niff and guess
. that they will have something to say
about the Democratic nominee for Mayor.
The talk about Mayor Sutro as the
Democratic candidate for Congress iti the
Fifth District slowly increases its volume,
especially among the Junta Democrats.
There is an idea in the air that Sutro
wpuld be satisfactory to the Populists,
and so a strong candidate in a district
where fusion of that sort is possible would
be wise.
This impression, however, will receive j
an early and a general coriection, it is I
likely, in the minds where it now lurks. l
The Populist leaders have no enthusiasm
for Mayor Sutro, and he is not likely to
get any pohticaj recognition from them.
They do not consider him a member of
their party, and say that he has done too
much explaining and apologizing about
how he came to be elected as a Populist
nominee.
Joseph P. Kelly is the only Democrat
who has yet put any ar.ior into a pursuit
of that nomination. Kelly is a favorite
son of the Buckley faction, but Kelly is
reported to be. quietly scheming io piay
things in hia favor with the Junta outfit
as well.
Both the Junta and the Buckley fac- j
tions recognize that Mapu ire's nomination j
in the Fourth is inevitable if he asks for it, '
and both sides are ready to give it to him. j
The Junta sees that tnougn Maguire has'
taken a vigorous stand anainst the regu- •
larity of their organization, he is too
strong in the party for them to strike at.
Colonel Sullivan s campaign committee |
wjll meet Monday night to do what Me- i
Nab, Lanigan and Sullivan have decided |
upon. The primary for the selection of ;
delegates to the State Convention wili be ;
held on the 29th inst., and the campaign I
committee has the "regular" nominations, !
tne appointment of election officers, and i
all the election arrangements in its abso- ;
lute power.
Hence opposition tickets will net no'
show. Hence it is that Daggett is
vigorously trying to force McNab and
Sullivan to give him the recognition he ■
wants in the naming of delegates. It is |
said that the victors will generously let
Daggett have a fairly decent show at the !
delegation.
About one-third of the 161 delegates are
to be selected at large. This will take the ,
delegation largely out of low district poli- j
tics and allow it to be made up more i
largely by the intelligent and "decent" I
powers of the. inside. The idea is to com- j
pose the delegation as far as possible of j
the biggefet men that can be got to I
serve, as their names are counted on to j
give the delegation prestige in the contest j
witn the Buckieyites before the State Con
vention. Among the people one hears
are to go as Junta delegates-at-large, if i
they will accept, are James D. Pnelan, j
George T. Marye, Gavin McNab, Clitus *,
Barbour, W. P. Sullivan, M. C. Hassett, j
Jere Lynch, J. J. Dwyer, Max Popper, ;
James Gildea, Thomas F. Barry, ex- :
Judge J. F. Sullivan and others of similar j
high grade.
There are plenty of Democrats who are !
just getting out for all sorts of municipal '
offices, but there are more early candidates i
fo.r the Legislature than for anything else.
Nobody knows how and wnen the divided !
party "will crack together before election j
day, but there is an idea in Democratic ■
minds that a number of Assemblymen [
and maybe three or four Senators will get I
io from Democratic districts in spite of I
the overwnelming Republicanism of this
campaign year. j
Most of the precincts of the good old j
Twenty-eighth District and the Twenty- !
ninth District make up the Seventeenth I
Senatorial District.
John F. McGovern, secretary of the
Junta general committee, is out for this
Senatortihlp. He is a respectable young
groceryman, and though never identified
with the "push," ij very popular with all I
elements and is looked upon as a strong
candidate.
It is currently said that Samuel Brann
hart, the Port vVarden, who runs the
Twenty-ninth for the Junta, is an aspi
rant for the Senatorship. His friends be
lieve that he would be an easy winner if ;
he went after it. but Mr. Braunhart de
clines to say r word about his candidacy.
Jack Welch of the Twenty-eighth wants
it too. The Haves crowd is with him and
Frank P. Cusick will fight him.
Henry Healey, Assemblyman last time,
now tender ot the Fourth-street bridge
through Ed Lanigan, would also like to
make laws in the upper house. Like
others he is .mixed up with all sorts of
factional troubles down there.
John D. Coghlan, ex-Assemblyman and
saloon-keeper, of the Twenty-ninth, is said
to have Lanigan's favor for the place. W.
T. Boyce, Chinese Inspector, is also men
tioned.
Then on the Buckley side are John
Brown, the gentlemanly little hero of the
old Hickory Club who has ex-Supervisor
Ryan and other Buckieyites of the district
to fight and some others, including
Thomas Egan, sometimes known as Robert
Eiumett Egan.
There are two Buckley candidates for tbe
Assembly, fram the Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth, in the field. One is
Lawrence Conlan and the other is James
Meagherof the Recorder's office. "Larry"
Conlan is a vigorous and good-looking
young fellow who has ofteu served his
party ably as inspector and as challenger
at hot primaries and general elections, and
is said to enjoy Chris Buckley's personal
favor.
It is Mr. Conlan who testifies whenever
proper that he saw M. C. Hassett at Buck
ley's ranch about two years ago, looking
for a nomination that might have strayed
down that way.
The Thirty-first and Thirty-ninth, which
compose ooe Senatorial district, is badly
mixed in a factional way. It is thought
that C. S. Arms will either try to go back
to the Senate or name the man who is
nominated. He will be fought by the
anti-Arms people, who are said to have
either ex-Assemb!yman Sydney Hall or
George Dove in view. The Rainey people
would like to see James Britt, who was a
Senator in 1888, get the plum, and J. A.
Fen ton is mentioned.
D. M. Gavigan, the popular secretary of
the Buckley general committee, looms up
early as a strong Senatorial candidate in
the Thirty-ninth District. He is a youne
man, a university graduate, but has had
considerable experience in practical poli
tics. He was secretary of the last munici
pal convention.
William Harrison is thought to be sure
of the Junta nomination for the Assembly
in the Thirty-second. James Devine and
John Powers are said to be his competi
tors.
Thomas Mitchell wants to succeed him
self as Senator from the district composed
of the Thirty-thira 1 and Thirty-fifth.
Peter Quinn wants to go the Assembly
from the Thirty-sixth.
There will be a merry Senatorial scram
ble in the Senatorial District composed of
the Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Assembly
districts. Louis Haskins of the Junta side,
a young tea merchant, wants to be
Senator, and he is understood to have
Lanigan's backing. John Fay wants to
go from North Beach again, and Gavin
McNab likes him. John Foley, ex-Super
visor, ex-superintendent of the Alms
house, has been after the nomination for
some time. Fay of course will have the
strong Daggett-Rainey element in the
Forty-fourth to fight. It will be remem
bered that Fay was one of the Senators
who didn't give their complimentary votes
to Daggett for United States Senator and
felt his avenging patronage hand.
LOCAL POPULISTS
Want George D. Gillesple on the
State Executive Committee.
Tbe Populist County Committee held a
meeting Saturday night, at which the sec
retary of the committee. George D. Gil
lespie, was indorsed for election by the
State Central Committee at Sacramento as
a member of the new State executive com
mittee of seven members. The following
resolution by Burnett G. Haskell was
adopted :
Whereas, It is Important for the Populists
of San Francisco to have a representative
upon the State executive committee of the
Peoples' party who is not only true to the
principles of the party, but will also attend
strictly to the business for which he is elected;
and whereas, we know that George D. Gilles
pie is such v man, therefore be it
; Rexolvtd. That the County Committee of the
: People's party in and for the city and county
of San Francisco does indorse the said George
D. Gillespie for member of the State executive
committee of the People's party from the
Fourth Congressional District of California.
On next Saturday evening tbe local ex
ecutive committee will meet with the
twenty-nine delegates from San Francisco
to the State convention which will convene
in Sacramento on tbe 12th inst.
COURSING AT INGLESISE.
Opening of the New Park Under
Very Favorable
Auspices.
Reopening of Ocean View Park on
Sunaay Nex; — Result of the
Various Curses.
Several hundred people attended tbe
opening of the Ingleside conrsing park
yesterday and saw a crack class of dogs
run through the run down and first tics.
The management had evidently not pre
pared for a rush of betting, for the pool
box facilities were not of the best and
speculators had frequently to wait half or
three-quarters of an hour before they
could get their tickets cashed.
The hares, owing to a lack of familiarity
witb the park, were not a particulary good
lot, but in the main the talent managed
to guess the right dogs, and but few short
ends won.
The biggest winner of the day was
Eugene Casserly of Ocean View, who
cleaned up $225.
San Joaquin, the Alameda kennels' dog
who was expected to run bign into the
money, was withdrawn on account of an
injury received several days airo, and the
bets on the race with Flashlight were re
paid.
Following is the result of the run-down:
Lady Fitzgerald beat Trix, Governor Mark
ham beat Great Scott, Maunet beat Fireman,
Diana beat Laurelwood, Master Glenkirk beat
Clover Leaf, Magpie beat Era S, Flashlight beat
llene, San Jouquln beat Fear Not, Susie beat
Reliance, fc-t. Lawrence beat Tom Hayes, Eclipse
beat Napoleon Jack, White Chlei beat Captain
Morse, Uncle Sam beat Georgle Dixon,
Skyball beat Spinaway, Dottie Dimple
beat Arapaboe, Royal Buck beat Little
Tom, Sly Boy beat Kitty Scott, Nellie Couroy
beat Camilla, Kirk Glen beat Maud G, Lissaic
beat Dublin Stout, Valley Maid beat Electric.
Queen B beat Livingston, King Carlo a bye.
FIRST TIES.
Lady Fitz beat Governor Markham, Diana
beat Magnet, Master Glenkirk beat
Magpie, San Joaquin withdrawn, St.
Lawrence beat Susie, White Chief
beat Eclipse, Sky Ball beat Uncle Sam, Royal
Buck beat Dottie Dimple. Sly Boy beat Nellie
Conroy, Lissak beat Valley Maid, Queen B beat
King Carlos.
The finish will be run off on Sunday
next.
Ocean View Park will be reopened on
Sunday next with thirty-twq dogs at $1 50
each and a number of crack runners have
been promised for tbe meet. The man
agement has preserved a tine lot of hares
for tbe meet and a good day's sport is
expected.
ENCOURAGE GAMBLING.
Dr. 'Goodwin Scores Church Raffle* and
Newspapers -Which Advertise
Lotteries.
Rev. W. R. Goodwin of the California
street Methodist Church spoke last even
ing on "Gambling in the Church and in
the State." He took as his text the ac
count of the soldier casting dice at the
foot of the cross for Christ's raiment. ' .
From tnis scene he drew a comparison
witb the manner in which many churches
encouraee gambling.
"I insist," he said, "that a newspaper
that wiil advertise lotteries and things of
that character is unfit to go into any bouse
where there are children. They have no
right to evade the law of the land by any
subterfuge. They would not do it if the
people would not tolerate it, but the de
cent people still continue to take their
papers and the newspapers make money
on it."
The doctor also took occasion to severely
condemn card-playing, dancing and thea
ter-going by church members.
"The Cassock in the Capitol."
The lecture for the benefit of the Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society by Rev. Father Yorke will
be delivered in Metropolitan Temple to-mor
row evening. The subject will be "The Cas
sock in the Capitol." Those already having
purchased tickets may exchange them for re
served seats, without extra charge, at Metro
politan Temple.
♦ — •
Just received— loo gross Paper Pencils. The
trade supplied. Sanborn, Vail <& Co., 741 Mar
ket st. •
THESAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 4, 1896.
"SUBTERFUGES OF ROME"
Sinister Motives Are Ascribed
to the Catholic
Church.
TRYING TO RULE AMERICA.
Dr. Derrick Explains Why Italy and
Ireland Send Their Paupers
to This Country.
The Good Citizenship meeting at Metro
politan Temple yesterday afternoon was
large and enthusiastic. H. W. Quitzow,
secretary of the executive committee, pre
sided. He opened the exercises with brief
remarks concerning the objects of the
meetings. He also read a dispatch from
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry stating he would be
in the City from May 30 to June 7. This
announcement elicited applause and Mr.
Quitzow stated that arrangements would
be made to have him make several ad
dresses.
After prayer by Father Waugh and one
or two patriotic choruses the speaker of
the afternoon, Dr. George H. Derrick, was
introduced. His subject was "Rome's
Subterfuge." He said in part:
Ladies and Gentlemen: If I were a doctor of
divinity or a doctor of laws instead of a doctor
of medicine I might present my thoughts in a
more acceptable manner. 1 feel entirely inad
equate to awakp.n any feeling in your hearts.
If 1 am able in tbe few facts which I will lay
before you to call to your attention things
which have escaped you I will feel entirely
satisfied. "Not feelings, but thoughts" should
be the motto of this order. In view of the ad
vance of the American Protective Associpiion
principles on thin coast we should have an
audience which could receive tbe remarks
■which I will make not in a spirit of prejudice
and passion, but in a spirit of reasoning.
It has been accused that this organization
is taking every opportunity to kill the old
church simply because it is the old church.
We repudiate everything of this kind. We are
willing to respect it because it in old and
hoary and to give it a decent burial. There
are systems of government and of religion
which have outlived their usefulness because
they have failed to keep pace with the prog
ress of the age, and when the American people
meet such a system it is their custom to give
it a peaceful ending.
I believe in the theory of evolution, though
perhaps not so much as Huxley and Darwin.
I believe there is an inevitable effect that fol
lows every cause. I believe lam here as the
result of a thousand nay a million causes ex
tending away back beyond memory.
If this is true of an individual, how much
more true is it of an institution.
The Roman Catholic church is not the result
of an accident. Neither, I claim, is it the re
sult of divine intervention of Providence. I
think history will prove it is the result alone
of conditions which culminate in the present
religion, with its Pope at Rome and hierarchy
in the United States.
What has brought about this result? Simply
the action of a great law. We may look to the
Walter Morosco. Who Returned Last Night From a Tonr of Europs and the East.
history of Italy and contrast it with that of
England and we can readily see why instsad
of a commercial people sending their ahips to
every port it has such people as seek our lanil
with monkeys and hand-organs. There are
reasons lor this. In our own country you wili !
find that from the day the pilgrim fathers set
foot on Plymouth Rock it baa been the onward
march of on- grand principle.
John \V. Draper said: "Rome never con
sidered man as an individual, bat always as a
thing. Sne might in her power have stooped
to mercy, but never to benevolence."
What a contrast that presents to our own
country. Here the tendency has ever been to
rise to benevolence. When Grant took the
sword from General Lee. instead of, like the
Romans, binding to their chariot wheels,
he extended his hand and said : '-Let us have
peace." That day is without parallel in hu
man history, and the Ameii'.-an people snowed
they had risen to a plane where they could
look upon a vanquished foe as a brother.
When I tnus compare me two principles I
am not hitting at the ola church. I pity it
from the depths of my heart. lam not hitting
at any individual. 1 pity all within the pale
of the church. I pity our friend Yorke. I was
once a student in a Roman Catholic institu
tion and 1 learned some things I have taken to
my heart. I want to tell P. C. Yorke, if he
doesn't know it already, that some day he will
discover that Rome considers a man as a thing I
and not an individual. When he has served
its purpose he will be cast aside as a tiltby gar
menu How many men have been cast down
from the highest ecclesiastical authority sim
ply because he dared to think for himseli? No |
priest in this City to-day dares to think bj- |
yond what is written in the ecclesiastical laws
of his church.
A few da 's ago a gentleman said to me,
"Doctor. I am half inclined to think our re
publican form of Government is only an ex
periment." I thought back to the time when
this country, only a little handful of people,
held in check the proudest Nation of Europe, j
Surely the republican Government was not .
then a failure. Then I thought of the war of i
1812. There was no failure there. So I thought :
along the line of our progress. I said the
world never saw anything like this before.
Why do they call it an experiment? I reviewed
our public schools. I said the man Is mistaken
in considering it an experiment.
If you have men who do know the principles
of republicanism, this will be a very disastrous
experiment, but if you have men at the head
of the Nation who are schooled in the grand
principles of freedom the experiment will
always be a luccess.
There is only one thing that will make our
Government a success, our public schools.
While it may not be flattering to our vanity,
there is a principle in the fact that the young
think earlier than we did. Ido not believe in I
insubordination, but 1 would hate to have a
son who thought he could go no farther tnan I
had thought. Let the teachers bring out the
ideas of our children and we will have new
works in literature, discoveries in science and
men competent in statesmanship.
The first of Rome's subterfuges I wish to
speak of is the parochial school. Send your
boy to a school where he must take off his hat
and bow his head at the sight of some shaven
faced man ? Never. [Applause.] Teach him
to give implicit obedience to an old man across
the sea ? Never. The cause embodied in that
old flat; is the grandest the human mind ever
conceived. Send him where that flag floats
and he will come out ready to think for him
self with an independence that will mtke him
a man among men, instead of a dog among
kings.
I am filled with remorse when I look at these
great cathedrals which I see rising on every
band. I know from experience at the bedside
of the dying that the dollars that paid for these
edifices are wrung through fear from the pov
erty-stricken. I ask you to consider the ad
vance which the Catholic church has made. I
admit it was the greatest system the world has
ever seen. Its all-seeing eye was able to over
look the actions of the princes of tbe world and
could watch the doings of the private citizen.
Christopher Columbus, that man whose mind
was full of scientific learning, wa» obliged to
beg at the gate of a monastery. There was the
influence of popery. The Emperor of Germany,
in the right, had to prostrate himself for three
days aud nights before the old man in the
Vatican. Yorke may have to do it yet if he
ever refuses to say the words Rome bids.
In all Europe there was not a man too humble,
too insignificant to receive her notice. He re
ceived his name at her altars, her bells rang
at his marriage, and at her death she received
him and bade him rest In the shadow of her
temple. And while she did all this she prosti
tuted human intellect. She put men in prison
beause they dared to think. I ask you to
point to a single nation to-day under Roman
Catholic rule where there Is a system worthy
of civilization. The brightest example she
can point to to-day is France, and France is
simply a nation of infidels, with the cross
floating over her to hide her infidelity.
When Rome sees that an onward step is being
taken she invariably meets It with a subter
fuge. Now, that she sees our republican sys
tem of government is a success and no longer
an experiment, she meets it with a subterfuge.
That is the reason we s*e flocking to our coun
try the paupers and the outcasts from Italy
arid from Ireland. They come with the idea of
ruling us.
The wail goes up that the A. P. A. is a secret
organization. Do rou know that the Roman
Catholic church ha* been the embodiment of
secrecy for hundreds of years? We take a
member into our order and in twenty minutes
administer all the oaths they will ever have to
take, and they are pretty good ones. If you have
never taken them you ought to do so now.
The Catholic church takes a child in its ten
derest years and Instills in it secrets, which it
is a mortal sin to divulge. The Roman Catho
lic church is simply crying wolf to the
American people as another subterfuge for
hiding its own methods.
I believe there is in the oath of the A. P. A.
the principles that will sustain this Govern
ment. It becomes your duty and my duty to
6ay with the signers of the declaration of in
dependence, "I pledge my life and my sacred
honor" to this measure.
The audience in conclusion eang the
"Battle Hymn of the Republic."
FROM A FOREIGN SHORE
Walter Morosco and His Son
Leslie Are at Home
Again.
Each Has an Interesting Story to Tell
Regarding Scenes in Other
Lands.
Walter Morosco, the well-known the
atrical man, and his son Leslie, the actor,
returned Saturday night to their home in
this City after an absence of five months
spent in an extensive sight-seeing tour of
Europe.
They visited France, Italy, Egypt,
Turkey, Austria, Germany, Belgium, Hol
land, England, Scotland and Ireland, and
Mr. Morosco says they saw pretty much all
there was worth seeing, too, as he and his
son Dave become accustomed to observing
things quickly.
"In Scotland," said he, "J bought ten
Shetland ponies for I took a fancy to the
little fellows, but I left them on my East
ern farm at Guilford, Conn. I also bought
one of the finest bred Collie dogs in exist
ence, a black and white beauty with a
pedigree a yard long.
"Five little puppies were born to her Sat
urday morning in the baggage-car. Alto
gether they made a pretty picture and I
want to exhibit them in the dog show, al
though I am just too late to enter them
proper.'y.
"My great fad, you know, is horses. In
Cairo, *.gypt, we went to a ereat horse
show, it wis a magnificent exhibition.
The best horses were all from Europe.
It's all in the story books this idea that the
Arabian horses are so fine; they were not
in it at all.
"When we were in Ireland we rode in a
jaunting car from Lame to Londonderry.
Well, I got struck on those Irish carts, so
I ordered the finest Irish jaunting car that
could be made. It will be here in a few
weeks. They are so easy for the horses to
pull even with their full load of rive or six
persons.
"Of course we saw the Giant's Causeway
and we never missed the chance to kiss
the Blarney stone. It is really a danger
ous feat, and very few people can do it.
The stone is way up near the roof of
Blarney Castle, seventy-five feet from the
ground, and you have to hang down about
five feet over a parapet.
"We visited all the palaces in Italy, and
wherever we went we collected souvenir
Dhotographs of the best views.
"San Franciscans think the Baldwin
Theater prices are high. They ought to
Jtnow something of English prices. Why,
in London it costs you $1 25 simply to
stand. The English prices are way be
yond anything in this City.
"The thing of the whole trip that made
the greatest impression on my mind was a
very little incident. We wore driving in
Marseilles, when I happened to see a sign
'Chateau d'lf. Steamers Every Hour.'
I determined to see the lonely little island
where Monte Cristo had been confined. It
is a very little island, smaller than Alca
traz, and the prison covers the whole of it.
There, just as I had so often seen it repre
sented on the stage, were the two famous
cells. Over one was the name Edmund
Dantes; over the other right next to it was
Monte Oristo's name. It is all a most dis
mal and horrible place, although it is no
longer used as a prison.''
RAISING THE BLAIRMORE,
Divers Cut Away Her Broken
Fore and Main Topmasts
With Dynamite.
VERY DANGEROUS OPERATION.
After the Load Had Been Pot in
Place It Was Fired by
Electricity.
The work of raising the sunken British
ship Blairmore was fairly begun yester
day. During the early morning hours the
divers were at work, and a number of ex
cursionists on boats from the Union Iron
"Works and adjoining points watched the
operations with absorbing interest.
The dressing of the diver was a revela
tion to all who looked on, and one woman
remarked, "Why, I could dress my baby
as quick again as it takes to dress that
man." When "the man" was down, how
ever, he did what no baby could do. He
discovered that the Blairmore's fore and
main topmasts had been broken off, and
that while they were swaying in the tide
it was almost impossible to work on them.
The diver who went down aft found the
mizzen sound, but the rigging all snarled
up with floating ropes from the other two
masts.
Captain Caw, the master of the Blair
more, was on board the wrecking steamer
Whitelaw when the divers made their re
port. He and Captain Whitelaw held a
consultation and it was finally decided to
cut the tops of the fore and main masts off
with dynamite. A big coil of insulated
wire was procured and for want of a better
drum it was wound around a galvanized
bucket. Two sticks of dynamite were
taken out of the magazine by Captain
Whitelaw and carefully wrapped in can
vas. A cap was placed at one end and
then the dynamite, canvas, cap and in
sulating wire were all packed closely to
gether with cord.
This deadly combination, that was pow
erful enough to wreck the Whitelaw and
half a dozen other ships, was calmly taken
in hand by a diver and carried into the
depths of the bay.
With it in hand he walked to the fore
mast of the sunken ship and just below
the break he bound tbe canvas containing
the dynamite. Then without any undue
haste he meandered back to the ladder
hanging over the stern of the Whitelaw
and reported progress.
Two other divers were down at the time
and they were signaled to. They came to
the surface and their helmets were taken
off. A few minutes later the signal was
given that all was ready and Captain
Whitelaw touched tne electric button.
An upheaval of the waters of the bay fol
lowed, the Whitelaw shook like an aspen
leaf and one of the divers was almost
thrown from tbe ladder. When an exami
nation was made a quarter of an hour
later the diver found that the broken fore
topmast had been cut off as clean as with
a chisel.
The mainmast was treated in a similar
manner and during the afternoon tide the
work of removing the standing rigging
was begun. This will occupy several days
and then the yards will be taken off and
sent aloft.
Once these are removed the -task will be
easy, as far as removing the masts is con
cerned. Then the really hard work will
befiin. The vessel has to be put on even
iccel and raised. This can only be done
by great skill and experience and that
Captain Whitelaw jjos»esses. After get
ting the Blairmore on an even keel a set
of pontoons will be placed in position and
these will be fastened to the hull of the
sunken ship at low water. The rising of
the tide will do the rest and once the
hatches are above water it will not take
Jong to puniu her out.
Captain Whitelaw, who has the worr in
charge, Captain Burns, who is directing
the operations for the English under
writers, and Captain Caw, the master of the
sunken ship, are all confident that the
Blairmore will be afloat again inside thirty
days.
ALONG THE FRONT.
Arrival of the Gunboat Concord
With Paymaster Webster
Aboard.
The United States gunboat Concord
arrived froii. Honolulu yesterday. She
took twelve days to make the run and thus
was easily beaten by the despised Petrel,
which covered the distance in nine days.
The officers of the gunboat are:
J. K. Craig, commander; Lieutenant E.
M. Prime, executive officer; Lieutenant J.
A. Me:riman, navigating officer; G. W.
Seivers, chief engineer; W. A. McClung,
surgeon; E. P. Webster, paymaster;
Lieutenants W. S. Hogg, W. A. Gill. E.
Simpson, Ensign H. G. McFarland, Pay
Clerk W. A. Strute and crew of 158 men.
The gnnboat has six 6-inch guns, two
3-pouuders, two 6-pounders, two 37-mm.
guns and two Gatling guns.
Paymaster Webster, as told in The Call,
is in trouble. The executors of the estate
of the late Catherine Tobin are after him for
$2000 he is alleged to have extorted from
her sou. The paymaster most vigorously
denies the charge, however, and says that
when the case is tried he will come out
with a clear record.
The steamer Colon of the Pacific Mail
line got in from Panama and way ports
yesterday. Her cabin passengers were:
Frank Dwyan, Joseph Dalton, A. Hunan and
family. Dr. M. Masfcroll and family, E. A. Rai
cey, H. Webb. L. Cerra, Curios Mordant, Jose
Sanchez, Charles Fergnson and wife, Jesus
Milan, Philip Knudsen, Joseph Harvey, Mrs. I.
Koch, Miss M. felfer, John Branschlcy, James
Xix, John J. Pringle, Samuel Fisher, Thomas
Glass and wife, Victor Guerze, Mlbs A. Reed,
Carlos Fleishman, George M. Line, Frank Uvs.l,
George Storrv, A. Mohns, Pedro Chans, Samuel
Chans, A. Langren, Benjamin M. Mann, R. T.
Sharks, Samuel Colwell, Fred Fritchie, Tony
Frazier, James Banks, John Quois, C. Olsen
and wife.
Everything was quiet along the coast,
and Ezeta and his friends were still await
ing a revolution in San Salvador. They
were living on the fat of the land in Pana
ma in spite of their reported poverty.
Timothy Hopkins was out in his yacht
El Primero and George A. Knight in the
Athlete yesterday. Both vessels have been
overhauled and painted and are now look
ing spick and span.
THE LORD AN ORGANIZER.
Elder Tanner of the Mormon Mission
Delivers an Interesting Lecture.
President Henry S. Tanner of the Cali
fornia Jloimon Mission lectured in Pythian
Castle yesterday evening. His subject was,
"The Lord as an Organizer." He said:
"To organize is to systematize disar
ranged parts in a suitable manner for ob
taining desired results."
He quoted from the book of Abraham,
which contains the writings of Abraham
that were exhumed from the catacombs of
Egypt in the early part of the century to
prove that the Lord organized the intelli
gences that existed before the world was,
and that Abraham was one of those spirits,
and that it was from the faithful ones
there that he made selections for his rul
ers in this earth.
"It seems," said Elder Tanner, "that
two plans were placed before the Lord,
but one was rejected. The originator of
the rejected plan became angry and re
belled against God and lost nis tirst estate,
though he had great intluence and drew
away one-third of the hosts of heaven.
Jude says: 'The angels whicn kept not
their first estates are reserved in chains
unto the judgment of the great day.' Be
cause of the selection from tbe faithful in
telligences in the spirit world, 'the gifts
and callings of God are without repent
ance,' as Christ was foreordained before
the foundation of the world and made
manifest in the meridian of time.
"System continued in the earthly crea
tions. All the species of God's creations
were to increase and replenish the earth,
and singularly as it may seem, they have
maintained their identity. The sterility
of specie? and hybrids on the one hand,
and the fertility of varieties, descendants
from a common stock on the other, prove
a conformity to the great law of nature as
made known in the Bible, that every seed,
fish, foul, creeping thing, beast of man,
shall bring forth after his kind.
"After the bondage of Israel the Lord
gave unto them consistent laws to meet
their special requirements. The same
unanimity is manifest in the labors of
Christ and his apostles for the bettermert
of humanity. Order prevailed in the
organization effected for the edifying of
the body of Christ. Accounts of that
organization will be found in I Cor. xii and
Eph. ii and iv.
"That same oneness of purpose ever
manifest in the Lord's work is brought
into prominence in the Church of Jesus
Christ of Latter Day Saints. Under the
presidency and aoostles the whole of Mor
mondom works as a unit. Being divided
into stakes and subdivided into wards,
which are under the direction of the bish
opric with a perfect network of priests,
teachers and deacons, they are enabled to
reach every family and individual under
their jurisdiction. The president has reve
lation for the benefit of the whole, and
each individual is supposed to have a suf
ficient light to enable nim to defend every
principle or practice they have espoused
and stand individually upon their own re
sponsibility."
OLYMPIC CYCLERS' RACE
Their Five-Mile Event Won by
Ralph Bliven— Rodolph's
Best Time.
Harry Terrill Fined by Referee Plum
mer at the Santa Rosa Races
Saturday.
The Olympic Cyclers held their initial
five-mile handicap roadrace yesterday at
noon over the San Mateo-San Carlos
course, and a large number of the Olym
pic Club members rode down to witness
the finish.
Of the thirty-four original entrants,
twenty-two started, all of whom finished.
There were the usual number of falls and
accidents to wheels incident to all road
races, but nothing serious happened to
mar the sport.
Ralph Bliven won the race with forty
seconds handicap; Frank Rodolph, thirty
seconds, second; and Russell Eaton, fifty
seconds, third. Rodolph also made the
fastest time of any one in the race, cover
ing the course in a few seconds over four
teen minutes. The road was not particu
larly good or faster time would have been
made by many of the riders.
Joseph F. Coffey, president of the Cy
clers, acted as referee and James W. Cof
froth was the starter. The committee
which conducted the race was composed
of Charles F. Morel, James W. Coffrotb.
and D. L. Conklin.
After the race tbe ridere and members
assembled at the residence of President
Eaton of the Olympic Club in San Mateo
and enjoyed lunch and talked ver the
race. They were delighted with the suc
cess of their first attempt at road racing
and loud in their praises of the cordial re
ception tendered them by President Eaton.
A large number of the local racing men
and many of the Easterners now here, in
cluding the big Steams team of ten men,
were at Central Park yesterday afternoon
trying the new cycle track there. They
seemed well satisfied with it, and the
probabilities are the big National circuit
race meet, to be held there on May 16, will
witness some of tbe fastest and most ex
citing racing ever seen here.
Harry F. Terrill, ihe well-known racer,
was fined $20 at the Santa Rosa races Sat
urday by Referee Plummer for an uncom
plimentary remark he passed about a de
cision made by the referee.
This is the first time on record that a
rider has been fined, a power given the
referee by the new league racing rules, and
if Saturday's occurrence is any criterion
the men will have to live up to the letter
of the rules or suffer severe discipline.
Both Plummer and Terrill belong to the
same club, the Bay City Wheelmen, and
the matter has occasioned considerable
talk among their club mates, who seem
divided in their opinion as to the justice
and extent of the punishment. Terrill
will have to pay the fine or be ruled off the
track until he does.
Next Saturday the racing contingent
will attend the meet of the Garden City
Cyclers at San Jose, it will be a star event
in cycle racing on this coast, owing to the
hieh class of the riders who will compete,
the value of the prizes and the fact that
the meet will be he!<i on the last day of
the rose carnival there.
The ear of the Caucasian race is of
modern size, well formed and neither
closely adherent to the head nor project
ing.
HON. D. J. QUIMBY.
/TIHE HON. D. J. QUIMBY IS NOW
-■-one of the . leading business men of
Portland, and I was interested in him . to-
day for nearly two hoars. We spoke 'of
the result of the new bond issue, and we
agreed in looking forward to a good spring
business. "Well," said he, "I'm glad it is
coming. I feel able to cope with any
amount of extra work. I am really and
truly a strong ,' man. I ' was not in good
spirits or health a few months ago, bu>
that was before I used the
GREAT HOME REMEDY,
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILIA.
: "To tell you the truth, all of the regular
guests of the Qui ruby House had spoken to
me so highly ;of Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla that I was induced to try it, and the
result is simply marvelous. lam now •
strong and vigorous man. ;: I suffered very
much ' from V, biliousness ; and liver com-
plaint. .{I can truly indorse Joy's Vegeta-
ble Sarsaparilla." .- o - -^.' '; : - "'•''.;■'' ■* v
COSMOPOLiITAN,
Opposite U. HI Mint, 100 ' and : 102 i Fifth St., H»a
: >ranclsco, Cal.— The most select family hotel ia
the city. Board and room. 91, $1 '13 and 91 50 per
day, according to room. Meal* 25c Hcoma, 60a
and 75c a day. . Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach heart ng the name of the Co*.
, mopoUtaa iioui. WM. FAiiJSY, iTopritAQSi j
DRY,
BURNT, FEVERISH
EYES, HOT HEAD.
Trembling Hands,: or Tremor
Hand.
Shaky, Knocking Knees, ■ • ■.
Backaches,
Weakness Across the Spine, '
Hot and Cold Flashes Through
the Body.
When you notice the above symptoms
you know that you are suffering from th*
peculiar disease that is curable,' but still
baffles the skill of ordinary man.
You
Need
Hudyan.
Or perhaps you notice that
Your Eyes Are Not Bright,
Your Cheeks Are Wan and Sallow
Your Gait Uneven, Unsteady,
Your Blood is Thin and Watery,*
There Is a Ropy Sediment in the
Water that Flows from the
Body.
Then you know you must have the great
HUDYAN
■ J '•■.■>•, " -' ' ' " ' *i T r>* ' ',•■,''■■
Because the Hudyan remedio-treatment is >
the all-powerful remedy for men. It is
the great treatment remedy that ■ has
brought the Hudson Medical Institute
into the pitch of' affluence and pinnacle of
fame. • *
SEND
FOR
HUDYAN
CIRCULAR
?* '-*;«■> FREE
HUDSON MEDICAL ISSTITDTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
PUn Rfnnn Impure blood, awfully
DHU DLUUU, tainted blood and blood
disease, in the *
FIRST,
SECONDARY
AND
TERTIARY
State should be attended to by you at once.
Blood circulars will tell you what to do.
Send for :»;•..
: blood , •
: CIRCULAR ■ :-..-• v
: FREE. :
Hudson Medical Institnte
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
■<^ BSFAI4 -.Co -
doctor mm.
HE 13 ACKNOWLEDGED TO BE THE MOST
1 * successful Specialist of the age In tha
treatment of all Nervous. Chronic and Private
diseases of both sexes. Lost Manhood, Vital '.
Losses, Exhausting Drains, Impotency and
all sexual disorders of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED
and OLD MEN a life-long study- and practice.
Special attention given to diseases of the Eye,
Ear, Head, Heart, Throat, Stomach, Liver and
Bowels; Kidney, Bladder and Urinary Organs.
Prompt and perfect cures guaranteed. The'
worthy poor of the city are welcome to his best
professional services on Friday afternoons of
every week, free and without cost. Call or
write. Offices permanently located
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
J ROYALTY couldn't ride a ?
i more perfect wheel than the 5
MONARCH!
It's the King: of Bicycles. Royal 0 >
in every line and featare^-. •
4m<xli-lj. JBO »nd $100. folly S^^. i
(ttaranteed. For children Wt/^^T '
lower price who vane a ffNBWStjff»t&r^Tl '
lower price whrel the flkT^aß Hfc^'n
Deflanre is mads In 8. MT^mE ML — ■ r '
mod«m. |40, $50, tCO. $75. ' B_!wl Xm —
Send for Mou&rch book. ta_afyyy^^fV*M M
Monarch Cycle Mfg. Co.OL^K sStifcjr
tudi Front St., \ffll MGv
San Frsniaro. JPMwj
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GEL ROOM .
PfILAIHOTEL ;
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT, j
IS • THE • VERY t BKST < ONE TO - EXAMINE '
your eyes and lit tnem to Spectacles and Eye- ,
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My ouo»
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. it ■ T T7 ;
* -iJ> -5 HHfkj| i _^
OPPRESSION, niinrn nu
SUFFOCATION, CURED BY
NEURALGIA, Etc., UUntU 0I
ESPIO'S IbIGARETTKS, .OR POWDER,
Patls, J, EBPIC: New York. E. yoUUSRA
<fc CO. field by all Xkrugglstk
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Pally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Bucday Call, one rear, by mail 1.60
W sickly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation 7 If
•o, it la no trouble for us to forward THE CALX to
four address. Do not let It miss you for you will
tniss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTBa CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Me phone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMSt
617 Clay Street.
ttlepaon afata-1874
BRANCH OFFICESt
880 Montgomery street, corner Clay; epea until
|:S0 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
- KW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
intil 9 o'clock.
2618 2Usslon street: open tin til 9 ©• clock.
Xl 6JNIn th street; open until 9 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFPICB:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
fceeau 91 and S3, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID BL FOLTZ, Special Aeent
MONDAY ..MAY 4, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Now for" the convection.
Loyal Republicans to the front.
jTree silver coinage is the pledge.
The delegation to St. Louis must be
strong. »___
There is much more in politics than a
whoop-up.
Principles and not men constitute the
issue before ns.
California Republicans must again speak
up for woman's suffrage.
California expects her Republican citi
cens to defend her interests.
«
It will be something like a festival for
Sacramento, but she is used to it.
The people expect a platform of thoughts
that breathe and worus that burn.
It is -said that Cleveland is aging
rapidly, and alas ! so is the country.
The financial plank of the platform
should ring with a true silver sound.
No political party ever wisely seized an
opportunity by making a leap for it in the
dark.
. This time there will be a protest against
the refunding scheme that will mean some
thing. _
Straight politics is never the policy of
the bosses, but all the same it is the boss
policy.
The last step of Democracy took it
through the slaughter-house and the next
one will reach the grave.
With loyalty to all and antagonism to
none should be the California motto at
the National Convention.
In serving the interest of California we
■ are serving the welfare of the Nation in
the way we can do it best.
■ If we. have a pledge-bound delegation,
how can it be strong ? If we have a strong
delegation, why should it be pledged?
If we may judge by the signs in the
Populist camp, every able-bodied man
among them intends to run for President.
California should put no man on guard
at St. Louis who cannot be counted on to
faithfully guard every interest of the
greater West.
It should be remembered that an un
instructed delegation can back the favorite
as easily as the field if it should be thought
best when the race begins.
This is going to be more like a proces
sion toward prosperity under a Republi
can standard than a political contest be
tween well-matched parties.
. The main interest in the campaign will
be the curiosity to see how near the Popu
lists will come to turning the Democrats
out of their place as the second party in
the country.
The goldbug Democrats of the East have
been wildly excited by a report that the
Populists have laid plans to capture the
Chicago Convention and carry it off on the
Omaha platform.
Thongh several Democratic State con
ventions have been held this season, we
have not heard the welkin ring a single
time with shouts for free trade and the
world's commerce.
Members of the Republican State Con
vention are not likely to seat a bogus dele
gation that would commit the party to a
recognition of Martin Kelly as a boss of
the Fourth District.
Whitney's assertion that he would
rather be called Bill Whitney than Presi
dent Whitney sounds a good deal like he
had made up his mind to get in the ring
and be one of the boys.
The State delegation to the National
Conver*tion should be made up of men
whose political record is a guarantee of
fidelity to California's welfare more cer
tain than any pledge could be.
The next thing we know Cleveland may
imitate the action of Osman Digna and
try to make a holy war of the coming
campaign in order to cover the holy show
his party has been making of itself.
Protection and reciprocity as embodied
in the immortal policy of Blame are
among the most precious heritages of the
Republican party and will never be aban
doned. On tbe other hand the great prin
ciple of bimetallism has been bitterly as
sailed and it is that which we mast guard
now.
Having determined to enter the race as
a Democratic candidate for the Presi
dency, William R. Morrison has submit
ted to an interview on the money ques
tion, in which he says in one place the
adoption of 16 to 1 silver coinage will
drive cold out of the country. In another
he declares "gold alone is now a too nar
row and insufflcieut money basis." It will
be seen that the gifted Horizontal Bill
proposes to stand at Chicago as the boss
straddlebugger.
"SIXTEEN TO ONE."
It is becoming more apparent every day
that the Republicans of California will be
sorely grieved and disappointed if the
State Convention fails to declare emphati
cally and unequivocally for the remoneti
zation of silver at 16 to 1. And it may be
said that the Republicans in California are
thoroughly convinced that the delegates
to the St. Louis Convention should go an
trammeled by pledges to support any par
ticular candidate, that they may be en
tirely free to make a strong and deter
mined fight for a declaration in the plat
form for the coinage of silver, and for a
man who will fit the platform. These
things are paramount, for their accom
plishment wouid mean the revival of all
lines of business in California almost im
mediately.
California is thoroughly loyal to the
Republican party and in asking for a
pledge that the mints sliall be reopened to
silver she is only asking for the practical
application of Republican principles in
the conduct of the Nation's affairs.
Whatever may be said to the contrary,
the fact remains that there is not nearly a
large enough volume of metallic money,
and because of the insufficiency California's
prosperity is seriously hindered.
The question of the expediency, of the
economic aspect and of the conseauence of
remonetizing silver is too well understood
by the Republicans of California to need
any analysis. The people know by exper
ience that the free and unlimited coinage
of silver and gold is of vital importance to
every interest in this State; besides, the
silver mining industry of the entire West
has been crippled too long already by
denying to silver its legitimate place in the
monetary system of the country. This
is not sectionalism, but it is a demand for
the adoption of a sound and sensible finan
cial policy by the St. Louis Convention.
The principle of economics that makes
cold money has in the past and can again
confer the same office upon silver, and
California wants the delegates from this
State to the St. Louis Convention to see to
it that whoever is nominated is nominated
under pledges to open the mints to silver
and to gold without any discrimination
whatever for or against either metal.
Gold makes good enough money for
California, but there is not enougn of it.
Silver makes good enough money for Cali
fornia, and there is enough of it. when
added to gold coinage, to give the State
and the whole country an ample volume
of metallic money to meet the require
ments of the people. \
The attention of the delegates to the
State Convention need not be called to the
tremendous losses that the demonetiza
tion of silver has obliged California to
sustain, for they know all about that, and
not a few of them to thsir sorrow on per
sonal account. Nor is it at all necessary
to show how the conspirators managed to
murder silver in 1873, and how by reason
thereof there has been only depreciation
of values and business distress all over the
country, for they know all about that, too.
But the attention of delegates to the
State Convention is called to the fact that
public sentiment in California demands
tnat they instruct the delegation that will
go to St. Louis to go loaded for bear, so to
speak, and tnat they be bound by no in
structions other than to watch and work
and pray for California's best interests.
GU ARD CALIFORNIA.
The nnwonted enthusiasm displayed by
the Republicans of California is evidence
of party loyalty, a sincere belief in the
great principles which the party supports,
and confidence in victory next November.
With such a feeling as this, and with dis
organization and discontent in the Deu. >
cratic ranks, California is bound to show a
Republican majority.
The great problem now confronting the
Republicans of California is to make the
most intelligent use of the situation. The
fact must not Be overlooked that this State
occupies a unique position, and that its
duties, needs and opportunities ate wholly
different from those of otber States. As
the ruling party in California the Repub
licans have grave responsibilities, reaching
far beyond the bald consideration of party
victory. These responsibilities affect in
terests vital to every citizen of the State
without regard to party affiliation. They
go even further than that. Apart from
the interests affecting all Californians
alike is the position which the State occu
pies toward the welfare of the whole Na
tion. If the Republicans of California
fail to understand these matters and
merely put themselves on the common
place level of Eastern sentiment, they will
neglect the first grand opportunity ever
presented to them whereby they might
compel the National party to recognize
the needs of the State and accede to its de
mands.
If California does not exercise the power
to make an effective demand for the Nica
ragua canal, from what spurce should
such a demand proceed? From Missouri
or Illinois or New York? If California
doe 3 not come to the rescue of the com
merce of the Unitea Btates and demand
such asfistance for the steamers plying be
tween San Francisco and the Aus
tralian and other colonies as will
enable this country to compete with
the heavily subsidized lines controlled
by Great Britain, and if the farmers
of California do not require that Ban
Francisco instead of Liverpool should
be the distributing point for their products
destined for the Orient, from what other
source should such a demand come? If
the fruit-growers of California, having no
competitors in the United States, do not
insist on such a protective tariff as will
insure their prosperity and such a reci
procity as will extend their markets,
whom should they expect to make their
light? If the English laws standing in
the way of irrigation of our arid lands are
not to be overturned by us in favor of laws
suited to oar circumstances and needs,
who will do this needful work for us?
It would be idle to aay that these mat
ters are so manifest that they will im
press themselves adequately on the atten
tion of the National party, and equally
idle to insist that in the absence of intelli
gent work to secure their recognition they
will receive due consideration. Should
the Republican delegates from California
to the National Convention go unpledged
to any candidate for President and with a
harmonious aDd earnest purpose to exer
cise the power which independence gives
to demand the recognition of our needs as
a prerequisite of support, it will be pursu
ing the only course by which it is possible
to discharge a high obligation to Califor
nia and the Nation. A delegation pledged
to any candidate whatsoever would be a
mere football and the supreme opportu
nity would be lost.
BENEFITS OF REOIPROCITY.
Even if the Republican party had noth
ing more to its credit than the doctrine of
reciprocity it would become immortal in
American history. To the farmer particu
larly it is equally as vital as a protective
tariff. Take the simple item of flour. It
stands on record that since the abrogation
of the reciprocity treaty with Cuba and
other Spanish-American countries we have
lost the greater part of our export trade to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 4, 1896.
those countries. Under that treaty we
were exporting annually 3,250,000 barrels
of flour, equal to 15,000,000 bushels of
wheat, and since the passage of tne Wil
son bill nine-tenths of this trade has been
lost. It is not difficult to discover one of
the main reasons why the price of wheat
has declined to a point at which it cannot
be profitably produced in California.
It is the duty of the California Repub
licans in the State Convention to demand
such a reciprocity at the hands of the Na
tional Convention as will enable all kinds
of farmers in California to enjoy the bene
fits of the superb advantages with which
nature has endowed them. This demand
can be made effectively in only one way,
and that is to send unpledged delegates to
St. Louis with instructions to support such
a platform ana such a candidate for Presi
dent as will insure reciprocity in the in
terest of California farmers.
MARTIN KELLY.
Martin Kelly, the political outcast and
renegade; Martin Kelly, who openly con
spired with Buckley and Rainey to defeat
Morris M. Estee for Governor of Califor
nia and shamelessly boasted of his ex
ploit; Martin Kelly, who was driven out
of the Republican party for his duplicity,
and whose name is associated with every
disreputable transaction connected with
bos 3 politics in San Francisco, now aspires
to regain the power which he so openly
abused and to plunge the Republican
party in California into the disgrace
which it is now making so strenuous an
effort to avert.
Republicans of California, this is the
man who will go before you at Sacramento
and, by assuming to advocate the interests
of McKinley and protection, seek to bam
boozle the country delegates and make
them the tools for placing the party ma
chinery in his hands. This is the man
who will buttonhole and wheedle all the
delegates who may deign to listen, and by
trading on McKinley's popularity in the
interior make a desperate effort to fasten
his influence on the party. His preten
sions of regard for McKinley and protec
tion are a sham of the baldest order.
Adhesion to any principle except one
which will give him power to manipulate
and debauch the party is impossible with
him. This is a warning to the country
delegates— the Republicans of the bay
region are familiar with his career, his
character and his purposes. It is time for
the Republicans of California, once and
for all, to make Martin Kelly stand aside
and no longer impede the onward march
of the party or bring disgrace upon the
fair name of California.
WOMAN SUFERAGE.
Strictly speaking:, woman suffrage is not
a mere question of the political equality of
man and woman, but of right and justice.
The spirit of the question is whether a
class of citizens in name, who, in intelli
gence, comprehension of the principles of
the government and loyalty to the best in
terests of the country, are fully on a parity
with other members of the commonwealth,
shall be enfranchised that they may par
ticipate in the work of weaving broader
and better threads in and through the
political and economic fa brie of the Nation.
The opposition to the conferring full
citizenship upon woman is not based other
than upon foolish sentiment and blind
prejudice. It would be a strange and un
natural innovation, they say, which is
partially true, for the strength of national
and individual progress comes of profiting
to-day by the experience of yesterday by
innovation. Sufficient unto the day is the
blindness and stupidity thereof. If it be
politically wrong and socially unhealthy
to make innovations then men folk shonld
never have departed from the fashion of
old Father Grimes and continue to "button
up his coat all down before."
There is another class of objectors who
say it would be very inconsistent to make
such a departure from time-honored cus-
Toms as the enfranchisement of woman
would oblige. To Buch we say, with Em
erson, that "A foolish consistency is the
hobgoblin of little minds, adored by little
statesmen and philosophers and divines";
and with Lowell, that "The foolish and
the dead never change their opinions."
There is still another class of objectors
to woman suffrage who concentrate the
whole of their argument in one sentence—
"I have only contempt for the move
ment." To such we say, with Stopford
Brooke: "Contempt sees nothing, apd,
seeing nothing, has no material for
thought"; and with an old Bpanisu
proverb: "A handful of common-sense is
worth a bushel of learning."
If objectors to conferring full citizenship
upon woman would quit the embrace of
foolish consistency and feed their con
tempt on common-sense they would come
to see that woman is now an independent
wage-earner in every line of literature and
of the professions and in all the channels
of commerce; that she accumulates prop
erty in her own right, and that she keeps
even with man in every field of employ
ment in which they are corapstitors.
Therefore, can, could or would anything
but big chunks of the remnants of the
stupid and blind prejudice of 100 years ago
attempt to obstruct her way to the enjoy
ment of the same political freedom and
advantages that man enjoys? The Call
thinks not.
OUR OWN INTERESTS.
The Call is Republican in season and
ont of season and stands up for silver.
The Call is the champion at all times of
Pacific Coast interests and Pacific Coast
men. Let the Republican party of Cali
fornia through its representatives at St.
Louis demand and it will receive recogni
tion. Let us not throw away our strength.
Let as make the most of our opportnnity.
Let us send to tbe National Republican
Convention delegates with full power to
speak, demand and act for California.
As a State we are interested in measures,
not men; in advancing California to a
piace of power in the Union, not in tbe
political fortunes of any "favorite son."
SAN FRANCISCO'S FUTURE.
The principal reason why San Francisco
is not to the Pacibc Coast country of
North and South America and to the Ori
ent what New York is to the Atlantic
Coast region and to Europe is because San
Francisco has not the necessary water
transportation facilities to make trade in
terchanges. If San Francisco had a mer
chant marine there would be no question
about her crowding New York in popula
tion, in wealth and in volume of business
in the near future, and in this connection
let us say that next to winning in the bat
tle for the "dollars of our daddies" our
delegates to the St. Louis Convention
should return with satisfying assurance
that the next administration, which will
be Republican, of course, will warmly
favor encouraging ocean freight-carriers,
and push the Nicaragua canal project.
The importance to San Francisco, to
California and to the entire Pacific Coast
country of having adequate water craft
facilities to meet the trade requirements
of the countries naturally tributary to this
center of commerce and industry is so
great that every Californian should make
it his business to talfc about it in season
and out of season. It is a matter we
should enthuse over. A ringing speech or
two on tbe subject in the St. Louis Con
vention hall might do good in the direc
tion of acquainting the people of the
United States that there are a few things
California needs ana must have.
CALIFORNIA'S ARID LANDS.
It is not sufficient for California's needs
that private capital is willing to establish
irrigation works here and there. These
enterprises, however commendable, are
not only limited in extent, buc are able to
charge their own prices for water and are
quite different from irrigation plants
growing out of the co-operation of land
owners enjoying the use of the water at
cost. Of course, no one will question the
need of irrigation in California or attempt
to decry the great additional value which
it gives to the soiL We have had a bitter
experience with our endeavors to make
laws providing for this need. Our Federal
courts, raking the English common law
as their basis in the absence of American
National laws framed to meet necessities
peculiar to California and foreign to Eng
land, have assailed our State laws, threat
ened the validity of our irrigation bonds,
destroyed the confidence of capitalists in
their value and set back the State's prog
ress to primitive times. We cannot have
irrigation without Congressional support,
and without irrigation it will be impossi
ble to develop the State to its full capacity.
If the Republicans of California send a
delegation to the Bt. Louis Convention
pledged to some Presidential candidate
there will be no reason to hope that the
National Convention will make the irriga
tion of arid lands a policy of the party.
Even a resolution by the Siate Convention
could not be expected to carry weight.
The only way to secure the desired end is
to send unpledged delegates to the Na
tional Convention. Such delegates will be
in a position to demand that the candidate
receiving their support must be pledged to
advance the cause of irrigation in the
West.
PROTEOTION FOR CALIFORNIA.
If there is a single farmer in California
who has not suffered under Democratic
free trade and whose condition could not
be greatly improved by a protective tariff
he is a singular departure from the aver
age. The raisin-growers of Fresno are
aware how their industry has been virtu
ally destroyed by the Democratic reduc
tion of their protection, and the fact that
in consequence they have been compelled
to compete with the pauper-labor pro
ducers of Spain. Our olive-growers are
well aware of the long years that must
elapse before their trees come into prolific
bearing; that during all these years, and,
when the trees come into bearing, they
must pay $1 50 to $2 50 a day for labor,
against the 40 to 70 cents a day paid in
Spain and Italy; that America is import
ing 1,000,000 gallons of oil a year, to say
nothing of olives; that California is the
only State producing these articles and
that they are far superior to those which
we import, and that great results would
flow from high protection. Grain-growers,
lumbermen, wool-producers, wine-makers
and all others have a deep interest in a
protective tariff that will enable Califor
nians to enjoy the benefits to which their
unique position entitles them.
Unless California sends an unpledged
delegation to the National Convention it
would be folly to hope that the special
needs of this remote and ill-understood
State would receive proper consideration.
An unpledged delegation, caring more for
the interests of California than for any
Presidential candidate's political ambition,
would be in a perfet condition to demand
recognition as a condition of support.
COAST EXCHANGES.
The Marlposa Miner (Coulterville) comes out
in strong advocacy of Senator Perkins' bill
granting a right of way through the Mariposa
forest reservation for the Yosemite and Merced
Railroad. The bill provides for a right of way
200 feet wide, and for the privilege of catting
such timber as may be required in the construc
tion of the road. Says our exchange:
Over much of the country through which the
railroad will pass 200 feet In width Is by no means
too much for a right of way if tbe track Is to be
kept clear at all seasons of the year. Furthermore,
by rescuing as much as possible from the reserva
tion it brings so much the more taxable property
Into the county. Since Marlposa was ruthlessly
and Inlquitously despoiled by the Park reservation
the aim of the majority of the residents has been
to set some of it back, or at any rate to get some
good out of it. Here is a chance. An enterprise of
great value is about starting np— an enterprise that
will benefit the Nation as a whole, and Mariposa
in particular. The Nation is asked by the pro
moters to give out of what is now lying useless
concession!) nothing like so great as have be< i
given by private land-owners along tbe line of the
new Valley railroad. The law-makers of the Na
tion, exercising tne common-sense that private in
dividuals would use under similar circumstances,
will undoubtedly grant the concessions as provided
In Senator Perkins' bill.
The bill provides further that the company
shall have twenty acres for each of its station
sites. On this point our contemporary re
marks:
It is sincerely to be hoped that the railroad peo
ple will exercise tbe right to use twenty acres
every ten miles as a station. Could anything be
more desirable in the way of opening up the coun
try for settlement? If they find a gold mine at
every stopping place along the road and operate It,
so much the better. It all becomes taxable prop
erty and a source of revenue to tbe county. On
Government lands outside tbe park a man can
ro and locate as many twenty-acre claims as ho
likes, tying them up against settlement, it seems
preferable to give what In the aggregate will
amount to not more than sixty acres, all told, of
the pnbiic estate for station uses and buildings to a
railway proposing to operate a road through a
country whlcb, though picturesque, is now for the
most part, but little better than a howling wilder
ness.
Speaking generally of the duties of citizens
in the premises our exchange says:
Public sentiment should assist this Yosemite and
Merced Railroad Company tn every way. When
new enterprise comes to this long-neglected dis
trict, Martposans should mei-t it with no carping
or ungenerous reception. Petty details should not
be made a bone of contention. Capitalists who are
bona fide helping to open up the marvelous nat
ural resources ot Mariposa should be made to feel
that they are welcome.
The Marin Press, published at Eastland,
Marin,CouDty, gives some intersting informa
tion concerning the operations of the Mill Val
ley Sulphur Springs Company, which has re-
commenced operations on iv property on Cor
nelia avenue. Our contemporary remarks:
A large and wide shaft bas been sunk to a con
siderable deptb, and the sulphuric mud has been
found In large quantities, possessing wonderful
medicinal properties.
One well-known doctor Is quoted as saying that
the mud obtained In Mill Valley far excels that
found in Paso Robles, and, If this is the case, and
there is no reason to doubt it, the Mill Valley mud
baths are going to prove a good thing.
The San Andreas Citizen gives some impor
tant news showing the interest which Is being
taken in developing the water power now
going to waste in the Sierra. It says:
Superintendent E. H. Brandt of the California
Development Company came up from San Fran
cisco Sunday evening. During the week he bas
been Inspecting mining properties and water power
in different portions of the county.
It is expected that the electric lieht and
power plant will be in operation by October 1.
Or. tnis subiect Mr. Brandt said:
In bullaing this plant we are not doing it with
a view of making money: we are putting it up to
secure power for the development of our mining
properties. We will, of course, sell aa many lights
and aa much power as w» can, but our charges will
be very small. We will charge per horse-power U3
cents per day: arc lights 25 cents per day, and 16
candle-power incandescent lights will be but 61
cento per month. This will be the cheapest service
in the State.
That an equally important undertaking con
stitutes part of the company's plans Is shown
by these remarks dropped by Mr. Brandt:
Yes, the electric roa 1 will be built betweerf here
and Valley fp.-iDgs. I have secured a survey of
the route which the Southern PaclHc had made
some weeks ago and this week our engineer will
be sent out to view the route and make such i m
provernents as h- can. When the road Is in work
ing order the trip from the springs to San Andreas
can be made in thirty-five minutes. The trip down
will be made in ten minutes leas. Arrangements
are being mad* with the railroad company which
if completed will enable us to hitch oar cars on
the train and run them to Lodi, thus saving pas
sengers the trouble of changing cars at Valley
Springs and save the shippers the expense of
handling freight at that point.
It is one thing for the people of a section to
be provided with facilities for improving their
condition and another to make the most of
the opportunity offered. The readiness with
which these advantages are accepted not only
measures the progresslveness of tne people,
but serves as an Invitation to capitalists to
Introduce other facilities which if accepted
will advance the general prosperity. As a
rule men of means are always ready to make
valuable Improvements in communities where
they are appreciated, but without such ac
ceptance there is no encouragement for the
incoming of capital. Those communities In
California which exhibit the most substantial
prosperity are generally those which are
readiest to co-operate with outside capitalists.
These remarks are rendered pertinent by
the following paragraph from the Oakdale
Leader:
The people of Oakdale and vicinity now have
what they have been crying for all these years—
water for irrigation. The canal is now finished
sufficient for the present needs and full of water.
Now. in order that Oakdale may receive the imme
diate benefits from this enterprise and that Mr.
Drexler may not feel that oar overtures have
been misleading and oar projects visionary it re
mains for our citizens to utilize the advantages at
hand. Every acre of land in this district that can
possibly be placed in condition to receive water
should be Irrigated. The objects of a prompt and
gpnerous use of water are double. Not only will It
produce a beneficial result in business conditions,
but we shall conrt Mr. Drezler's favor, and as he
is a man of wealth and a progressive irrigation^,
we need him. O nlike the average San Francisco
capitalist, he is not afraid to go out of the City to
Invest his money. He has done much for Fresno
and is to-d»y one of the most extensive raisin
growers of that place as well as a prominent figure
iv its city enterprises. Mr. Urexler likes Oakdale
and .s well pleased with this country. Let Oak
dale make him feel that his investment here has
been profitable and one that justifies him in iden
tifying himself liberally with as in other direc
tions.
The San Diego Union gives full particulars of
the movement begun there for applying to
Congress for a naval drydock at San Diego har
bor. The resolutions adopted by the Chamber
of Commerce there point out the safety of the
harbor, its close proximity to Mexico and its
value as a strategic point in case of war, the
remoteness of the nearest n*val drydock at
San Francisco, the need of a harbor of refuge
and repair and the policy to which the Gov
ernment is commltied by the creation of the
splendid dock at Port Orchard on Puget Sound.
The Advertiser la a bright and aggressive news
paper that has made its appearance at Yuma.
The San Luis Obispo Breeze was issued as a
handsome special edition in honor of the an
nual meeting of the Grand Parlor of the Na
tive Sons.
The Mission News of San Francisco has been
consolidated with the Mission Mail, and the
latter paper will hereafter serve the Interests
of both and work as heretofore for tne advance
ment of the Mission, Potrero, South San Fran
cisco and Ocean View.
Founder F. M. Millikan of the Auburn He
publican has resumed charge of that sterling
old paper.
The Commercial Bulletin, Los Angeles, has be
gun its eleventh year and will continue the
policy of aggressiveness and independence that
has made it so valuable in the past.
M. McGlynn, the accomplished editor of the
Voice of Labor, has not severed his connection
with the paper, but bas gone south on a visit.
The Sutter Independent has emerged from its
tenth volume as bright and hopeful as ever.
Scipio Craig, the brilliant editor of the Red
lands Citrograph is receiving generous con
gratulations upon inducting his paper into
iv seventeenth volume.
J. C. Wr&v's new paper, the Ventura Inde
pendent, has made a promising start.
The 28-page fiesta edition of the Los Angeles
Hcra'd was one of the ablest and most attrac
tive special editions ever issued in California.
In its enlarged form the Hueneme Herald is
a credit to journalism and a monument to its
editor's ability.
Although the fact that the Salinas Index has
entered its twenty-fifth volume indicates a
certain staid age for the valley, the paper
realizes that the day ot advancement Is but
dawning. |
The Suiter County Farmer enters its six
teenth volume full of hope and energy.
The Sonora Union Democrat has passed under
the management of Arthur A Van Harlingen,
who, inspired by the wonderful progress in
mining which Tnolumne County is experi
encing, are determined to contribute their
quota toward the general onward movement.
The Blue Lake (Humboldt County) Advocate
has begun its ninth volume with the assurance
that it will continue to advocate progress.
The Lompoc Journal has entered its seventh
year with freshened hopes for the advance
ment of the northern end of Santa Barbara
County.
The handsome fiesta edition of the Los
Angeles Times was a credit to the enterprise of
its management.
The Stockton Independent Is now equipped
with Merganthaler linotypes and looks very
handsome in its new dress.
The Mountain View (Santa Clara County)
Register enters lta ninth volume with no evi
dence of hard times in Its appearance.
The special woman's edition oi the Fresno
Populist is a credit to the cause which it so
ably champions.
Lee Fairchild has surrendered the St. Helena
Sentinel to Fred Clark for the purpose of
entering into the active work of the Presiden
tial campaign.
The Santa Rosa Democrat issued a superb
special edition In honor of the rose carnival.
The Colton News has been enlarged to ten
pages, and presents quite a metropolitan
aspect.
The Los Angeles Capital issued an exceedingly
attractive special edition devoted to the fiesta.
The Santa Cruz Sentinel gives evidence of its
prosperity by introducing typesetting
machines.
The Stockton Mail is another of the bright,
prosperous and progressive papers of the in
terior, and it looks handsome in IU new lino
type dress.
The Democratic Banner of Sonora has entered
its twelfth volume with the full confidence and
respect of the community.
The Valley Mirror of North Ontario has
changed from a bi-weekly to a weekly, and con
tinues to be an excellent paper.
As thongh It were not sufficiently hot at
Yuma, a new and bright paper has been started
there called the Sun.
CURRENT HUMOR.
"You look sleepy. You must have been np
with the boys last night."
"I was. We have twini at our house."—Har
lem Life.
When a doctor advises a patient to go away
it's a pretty good aign that he is prosperous
and has lots of others to fall back on.—Phila
delphia Record.
Bobby— Say. maa^ma, was the b&by sent down
from heaven ? \
Mamma— Why, yes!
Bobby— Urn! They likes to have it quiet up
there, doesn't they ?— New York Truth.
Robber— Come, shell outl
Rural Minister (sadly)— lf I had such ener
getic fellows as you to pass the plate now and
then I might have something to give you.—
London Tit-Bits. t
Mrs. De Pot— They say Colonel Chumperly
the old warrier, was always where the bullets
were the thickest.
Eeverdy— Yes, he drove an ammunition
wagon.— Philadelphia North American.
"Children, I hope you peeled the applei be
fore eating them."
"Yes, mother, dear."
"What have you done with the peelings t"
"Oh, we ate them after."— Familienblatt.
Blobbs— l hear you are going to sail for Cubs
in your new yacht.
Slobbs— Yes, and I've changed her name to
Venus de Milo.
Blobbs— What for T
Slobbs— So that they can't •ay she has any
arms ou her.— Philadelphia Record.
Mr. Wickwire— l saw a woman pass a big mir
ror in a show window to-day without look
ing In.
Mrs. Wickwire— l suppose you are going to be
funny now and tell sac that she was blind.
"Nope. She was looking across the street at
another woman with a now hat."—lndianapo
lis Journal.
THEY'RE ALL LIKE THAT.
Oh, have you ever known a girl, when asked about
Whod sweetly smile and answer you, and aot get
Tbe^treatheri styles and last new plays axe topics
safe for you.
But if you venture on her age shell snap those
eves of blue .
(Or if they're black 'twill be worse yet) and onri
her lips In acorn ;
Then you will feel that of all men you aie tne most
forlorn.
Now, ten to one if you could see within that maid
en's breast.
She'll be consigning yon aomewhere, but not
among the blest.
The girls are all alike In that the whole wide world
around,
You must not ask bow old they are— at least so I
have found.
I tried it once, and to my cost; now I'm a wlaer
man,
And to you fellows I must say : Avoid It if you can.
Kichakd Bbknt in Atlanta Constitution.
PERSONAL.
Judge E. V. Spencer of Susanville is at the
Russ.
J. Green of Benicia is registered at the Cos
mopolitan.
G. W. Young, a Lakeport lawyer, has a room
at the Grand.
H. L. Herzinger, a Journalist of Uklah.is
staying at the Russ.
Dr. \V. E. Cook of Eureka is among the re
cent arrivals at the Grand.
Silas Carle, the Sacramento contractor, took
quarters at the Lick yesterday.
Carlos Fleishman, a wealthy merchant of
Guatemala, is at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. C. F.Nason of Los Angeles, Cal.,
are staying at the Cosmopolitan.
John M. Kinley, a well-known lawyer of Los
Angeles, is a guest at the Grand.
E. M. Williams, a mining man of Gold Hill,
Or., arrived at the Russ yesterday.
J. Ross Trayer, an orcnardist and fruit
buyer, of Marysville, is at the Grand.
Count of Oriola of Germany Is back at the
Palace iifu-r a short visit at Del Monte.
Samuel Fisher, now at the Palace, was among
the Colon's passengers from Guatemala.
J. A. Dustin, manager of the Stanford horse
farm at Palo Alto, arrived here yesterday.
T. L. Crothers, a rancher, and J. M. Mannon,
a lawyer, oi Ukiah, are guests at the Grand.
T. Goldsmith, a merchant at Hollister, Is
making the Grand his temporary headquarters.
H. E. Humphry, a well-known hotel man of
Tulare City, is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
Joseph P. Stanley, the Sheriff of Mendocino
County, is down from Uklah. He is at the
Lick.
Ed H. Quick, J. H. Sawtell and T. C. Spencer,
merchants of Chico, are among the Grand ar
rivals.
W. B. Buckminster of Boston, who owns
vineyards in Freino County, la registered at
the Palace.
E. L. Schilly, aZ prominent farmer and fruit
raiser of Grand Island, Cal., l» staying at the
Cosmopolitan.
George H. Warfleld, cashier of the Healds
burg Bank, is at the California on a short visit
to his father, General Warfield.
Dr. Louis F. Corea, a lawyer of Quez&lte
nango, the second city of Guatemala, was
among the Central American arrivals at the
Occidental yesterday.
John S. Bell, the owner of extensive acres in
Santa Barbara County, arrived at the Grand
yesterday, accompanied by Sam J. Stanwood,
long a resident of Santa Barbara, but never be
fore a visitor to this City.
Philip Jacobovics will leave to-day for an ex
tended tour of Europe. While absent he will
attend the exposition of Buaa-Pesth, soon to be
made by Hungary. In that capacity he will
represent the Hungarian Society of San Fran
cisco.
Herbert C. Nash, recently appointed libra
rian at Stanford University and for many
years Senator Stanford's confidential secretary,
arrived at the Palace yesterday from Santa
Barbara.where he has been for a year in search
of health.
George E. Storey and James Neal of Guate
mala are at the Russ, having arrived yester
day with a party of four native Guatemalan
musicians, who attracted a good deal of atten.
tion on the street by reason of their peculiar
checked gray suits and Panama hats. These
are the same men who played the marimba,
their national instrument, at the World's Fair.
They have come to the United States again to
pound out Guatemalan symphonies and rake
in American dollars.
Victor de Guise, a wealthy publisher from
Guatemala and the owner of the largest print
ing concern in the capital city, arrived at the
Occidental yesterday from Central America.
He prints the municipal paper and La Fe, a
Catholic weekly. At present he is on a pleas
ure trip, the objective point being New York.
With him as a traveling companion is J. Este
van Sanchez, his former partner, who is now a
rich farmer and brandy distiller. Mr. Sanchez
will probably remain here for several weeks.
Dixie W. Thompson, the Santa Barbara cap
italist and ranch-owner, registered at the Pal
ace yesterday, with his wife. He is on his way
to the flower carnival at San Jose, where he
will ride in the parade, his spirited saddle
horse and his gorgeous saddle having become
famous. The saddle is of Mexican pattern and
originally took the prize at the Philadelphia
Centennial Exposition for its beautifully
wrought design in stamped leather. Subse
quently Mr. Thompson bought it and for two
years' time Mexican silversmiths worked upon
it, with the result that thetaddle is now said
to repreeent $2000 and has the reputation of
being the most gorgeous thing of its kind in
the world.
CALIFORNIAN S IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3.-Mr. and Mrs.
C. W. Rosenbaum, San Francisco, are at the
Arlington Hotel;
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The favorite hobby of Prince Adolph of
Schaumberg-Lippe is to array himself In mili
tary attire and drive a tramcar.
Senator Wolcott of Colorado in ambidextrous
He can shave with a razor in each hand and
write with two pens at the same time.
Miss Martha Elvira Stone has been Postmas
ter at North Oxford, Mass., for forty years.
Franklin Pierce was the President who ap
pointed her.
(Alice M. Taft of Upton, Mass., has In
vented an attachment for buttoned shoes. It
is so placed that it can be let out or drawn in
to salt the wearer's taste.
V George Ebers, the German novelist, is one of
I the most notable of recent converts to Budd
i • ft* i Professor Ebers is one ot , the profound
; est Orientalists In the world, and his most sue
and th^Eas 111 *** *"** *"* th ° Bpir " M £ BTpt
, The ex-Empress Eugenic, who Is still en
gaged on her memoirs, uses a penholder that is
set with diamonds. This was employed by the
fourteen representatives in signing the treaty
of the peace of i Paris :- in .. 1856, ond was pre
sented to the ex-Empress as a memento.
The Rev. Sir John Warren Hayes, Bart, who
recently died at the age of 97 at Rowlands,
England, was the oldest clergyman of the
Church of England. He was the senior Free
mason in England for several years. The
Baronetcy becomes extinct by his death.
E. F. Benson of "Dodo" fame Is now in
Egypt. He is writing a romance, the scene* of
which are laid in Greece during the time of
the war of independence, and filling up his
spare time by excavating ruined temples. Mr.
Benson has been doing archaeological work in
Greece under the auspices of the British School
of Archaeology.
BOY'S KILT SUIT.
This model Is suitable for boys of 3 to 6
years. The skirt may be of any heavy cotton
fabric or of wooL
Galatea cloth, duck, canvas, cheviot and
brown hollands are a. few of the materials em
ployed which may be nsed also for the waist.
For a dressy suit white piquet for the skirt
with waist of white cotton or linen trimmed
with ruffles of embroidery is charming.
An entire suit of brown Hollands with ruffles
of embroidered batiste is very pretty and de
cidedly serviceable.
Dark blue and white cheviot with waist of
dars blue cambric trimmed with ruffles of
cambric, either plain or embroidered with
white, is serviceable and pretty.
Brown and white striped galatea cloth with
white embroidery ruffles is another service
able combination.
A kilt of brown serge with waist of flax
colored linen or cotton is a good combina
tion.
Mixedgcheviot of a brown tone ;for the kilt is
useful for general wear witn two or three waists
oi different colors.
Townsekd's . CaL glace fruits, "our make,"
50c Ib. in Japanese baskets. 627 Market st.',*
■ — •—• — ♦ — • ■
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
■ • — ♦ •
Visttikg Cards, Wedding Invitation! and
Announcements engraved and printed. Cor
rect styles and reasonable prices. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market st. . •
■ .  .■_ » » _ • ,
Joe Kerr— Do you think . this joke will be
copied? „ ;. ,-.•■■,
■ Mrs. Kerr— l don't know why it shouldn't be.
It always has been.— York World. <- O ;: i^
liipoiitast Chakoi of TIME.— Th« 13th 111 St.'
the Northern Pact He Railroad inaugurated a double
dally passenger service between Portland and St.
Paul, making it saving of ten hours between Port
land and Chicago. These are the fastest and finest
equipped trains that ever were ran out of the Pa
cific .Northwest. The superior accommodations la
our passenger equipment recommend oar line to
all. Ours Is the only line that runs dining-cars out
of Portland. T. K. STATEL.ER, general agent,
638 Market street ' San Francisco.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mother*
for their children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowelt and
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drag
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and as*
for Mrs. Winslow's Soo:h!ng Syrup. 25c a boctla.
Corona no — Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, *»fi
and mild, and Is entirely free from the mists oon>
mon further nortfj. .Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel dat
Coronado, $60: longer stay $2 50 per day. Applr
4 Kew Montgomery st^ San Fraictsco.
Rounseve lie Wildman tolLectur.
Rounsevelle Wildman, editor of the Overland
Monthly, will deliver a lecture before the
Young Men's Christian Association at their
hall, Mason and Ellis streets, Friday evening
on "Malaya and the Sultan ot Johore." The
address will be illustrated by a hundred
views. This lecture will be open to the public
and for the benefit of the Association fund.
NEW TO-DAY.
Children who vibrate
all through their grow-
ing years between
health and sickness,
children who are pale
and peevish, thin and
weak, children who
never seem to grow
right, whose develop-
ment is retarded, whom
food does not seem to
nourish, should take
Scott's Emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil and Hy-
pophosphites* It con-
tains the very essence
of nourishment most
needed when vitality is
low*
Consumptives find
new hope in it and thin
and emaciated adults
always gain flesh and
strength after taking it*
It is a pleasant and
oaiatable food*MONDAY.....^. MAY 4 , 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
of Ml" Bro^""™~" The Btrange Adventure.
Mpnstrels. MNIA THEATx: *- Prlmro 88 and West's
Columbia TH*ATKB-«Faust."
MOBOSCO'S Oi>KBA-HocBK--Rlchellen.'
mand'y" ° PKRA - Hot -' SK -— "The Chimes of Nor-
OnPHEi-M-Hlgh-CTass Vaudeville.
Ceoveb's Air*7Ai:.- -Our Boys."
r»™^f <& 5 . TORIl ' M ~ Corner of Jones ■ n<l Kd o>
Fireets-Prof. D. M. Brl » toll 's Eques-Currlculum.
.} ' o '• A - A ODrroßiuJf, corner Mason and Kills
V^~ Be " efu Conce « in a!d of the Newsboys'
Home, Tuesday evening," May 5.
mc" EOCOSKY Isusi) - Bathing and Perform-
hi^?i° OT THK t-'HVTi»-Daily at Haight street, one
block east of the P.ark.
. * aci> jc Coast Jockey Cx.tr».-Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
wo! For TKM SaxtaCruz MorstTAijcs.— The
.tirst Anniversary uraion and Family Picnic
ortheLnlon Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
held on Thursday, May 21, at Glenwood tar*.
• • AUCTION SALES.
B|h F. T. KKKUER-Thls day, May 4, Rare
Oriental Curios at 419 ICearuy street, at 11 a. m.,
2 and 7 p. x. '
By L. H. BrHD-Thts day. May 4, Japanese Fur-
niture and Crockery at 211 Larkln street, at 11
o'clock.
.^T^/' c< Mi'iheb- This day. May 4, Restaurant,
at < 38 Market street, at 11 o'clock.
By 8. Basch— This day (Monday), Furniture,
etc.. at 319-321 Sutler street, at 10:30 o'clock.
Also galoon at 1808 Market street, at 1 o'clock.
By Frank W. BCTTEBFIKI.D — This day
(Monday), Hardware Store, at223sMlssionstreet,
at 10:30 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Woman's Cong-ress opens this morning.
Fanning won two first-class medals at the
Club trap snouts yesterday across the bay.
The Rev. W. S. Bovara addressed a meeting
of young men yesterday at the Y. M. C. A.
•*.:!■ A" liog's-ear iern and the film fern are curi
osities at the Golden Gate Park conservatory.
The annual meeting of the managers of the
Old People's Home will be held next Saturday.
The Caliiornia Wing Shooting Club held its
tnimthjy shoot at the Oakland racetrack yes
terday.
Unsettled weather with fog in the morning.
Prediction made last night by Forecast Official
M.cAdie.
Susan B. Anthony spoke at the African Meth
odist Episcopal Zion Church last night on
"Equal Eights."
The next annual convention of the Grand
Lodg-e oi Hermann's Sons will be held in Ban
Jom; ou the 11th inst.
The Valentine Holt Society of Children of the
American Revolution adopted .patriotic reso
lutions lest Saturday.
• "The new Waldeck sanitarium, a finely
equipped medicnl institution, has lately been
openedfor the pubiic.
"Reason and Religion" was the subject of
the Rev. Mr. Gardner's discourse at the West
Bide Church last night.
Curator Wilcomb of the park museum has
recently received a very rare collection of
opals, donated by S. M. Davis.
Julius Platshek, ex-grand treasurer of the
I. O. B. 8.., was tendered a complimentary fare
well banquet last Saturday evening. "
Benjamin L. McKinley won the medal for the
b«st essay in the Leacue of the Cross contest
at Native Sons' Hall yesterday afternoon.
The theosophists of San Francisco, Oakland
■lid AlamedA will observe memorial services
in Shasta Hall on White Lotus day, May 8.
The cricket games yesterday resulted In easy
Tictories for the Pacifies and Alamedas over
the Bohemian and California clubs respect
ively. •_
The president of the City lodges of the I. O.
B. B. met yesterday and completed arrange
■ xnents for the Baron de Hirsch memorial ser
vice on the 2 1b t.
The remains of Gustavus Langford Spear
were interred in Masonic Cemetery yesterday
afternoon with the rites and honors of the Ma
sonic fraternity.
Alfred Smitn, twenty-six years of age, whom
the police call a "bay pirate," was booked at
the City Prison yesterday on charges of bur
glary and vagrancy.
The match for the coast handball champion
•hip between J. Harlow and John Blortian, to
be played in the San Francisco court next Sun
day afternoon, was the sole topic of conversa
tion in the handball courts yesterday.
For the first time In the history of the First
Congregational Church every door leading
into that edifice remained closed yesterday.
The action of Deacon Morse in not securing a
minister for the occasion is generally con
demned.
At Schuetzen Park yesterday there were
shoots of the California Schuetzen Verein, the
Turner Schueizen Section, the Eintracht
Schuetzen s-ection, Company H of the First In
fantry, >'. G. C, and Company D of the Fifth
Infantry, X. G. C.
Dr. George H. Derrick addressed the Good
Citizenship meeting at Metropolitan Hall yes
terday afternoon on the subject of "Rome's
Babterfuges." He denounced what he main
tained was an effort to get control of this
country, and declared the parochial schools
were subterfuges to injure the public school
system.
AT THE THEATERS.
What Will Be Offered at the Different
- - Places of Amusement by the
Managers.
Eddie Foy is to-make his appearance to
night at the Baldwin Theater in a lively
comedy entitled "The Strange Adventures
of Miss Brown," in which he will assume
the character of Miss Brown.
Burnt cork will be the attraction at the
California Theater this evening, for Prim
rose & West are to bring out their minstrel
troupe. It is asserted that this is one of
the best troupes ever on the stage.
At the Columbia "Faust" will be pnt on
the boards. It is Morrison's famous pro
duction, and it is said that this favorite
piay will be given with very startling
effects.
The management of the Alcazar will
present that sterling comedy, "Our Boys,"
a comedy that held the boards longer than
any other ever written. It will be put on
with a strong cast.
"Virginius" is to be offered to the audi
ence at the Grand Opera-house to-night
with Edmund Collier in the title role. It
is claimed that it will be produced in the
most artistic manner.
'•The Chimes of Normandy," wil^ its
pretty, catchy music, is what is on the
programme at the Tivoli Opera-house to
night. Carrie Roma is to assume the
character of Germain, the lost Mar
chioness.
There will be a new bill at the Orpneum
Music Hall this evening. They who have
delighted the audiences for two weeks will
be superseded by a vaudeville company
that will introduce many new features.
The wonderful sagacity of the horse that
has drawn many people to the Auditorium
will be on to-nigut and wiil continue there
during the week. The horse show is a
very interesting and instructive one.
The Loring Club will give a grand con
cert in Odd Fellows' Hall this evening, on
which occasion there will be rendered, by
request, Brewer's "Sinp, Sing, Music Was
Given," for barytone.
Roland Reed and his clever company
will appear at Macdonough's Theater in
Oakland to-ni^ht, when ho will offer the
people of the Athens of California the
eide-splitting play, "The Politician."
Music Amid Pictures.
About 2UO visitors enjoyed yesterday an or
gan recital at the Mark Hopkins institute of
Art. Tne programme was as follows: Halle
lujah chorus, Handel; offertory in F, Bcotson
Clark; ailcgretto grazioso, Tours; largo, Han
del; overture, "btradella, " Flotow; sanctus,
"Messe Solennelle," Gounod; pastoral. Oam
bini 1 grand chorus, Dubois; reverie, Saint-
Eae'n's; grand march, "Triomphe," Hime. Otto
Fleissner, organist.
The Flagship Ramona, Showing the Sloop Elia Sailing Away on the First Leg With a Free Wind. The Rover Is Making a Long Jibe to Round the Stakeboat and the
Queen and Harpoon Are Following in Her Wake.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
REGATTA DAY
AT SAUSALITO.
Successful Opening of the
San Francisco Yacht
Club.
SAILORS OUT IN FORCE.
Many of the Races Were a Sur
prise, as the Wind Was
Very Fluky.
ONLY ONE ACCIDENT OCCURRED
On the Homeward Run Two of the
Beats Were in Collision for a
Few Moments.
The yacht Ramona was the center of at
traction at Sausalito yesterday.
It was regatta day for the San Francisco
Yacht Club, and around the flagship were
clustered nearly all the contestants.
Each and every one was eager to get
away, and in consequence the Mist crossed
the starting point ahead of time and her
record was not placed among the scores.
The course and regulations were as fol
lows:
Starting from an imaginary line drawn from
flag: on clubhouse wharf to stakeboat Ramona;
thence stakeboatoffAngel Island be.l; thence to
Shag Rock; thence back to starting point, leav
inpall Etakeboats on starboard hand. Clashes
1, 2 and 3 go over the course twice; the others
only once. Finish must be made in crossing
the line by leaving atakebo&t Ramona on star
board hand, and those classes going over the
course twice must leave said stakeboat on star
board hand, both first time around and at
finish.
Those not going oyer the exact course, or
passing Btakeboats on wrong side, may con
sider themselves ruled out, without protest. If
there Is any question of donbt as to the word
ing of the rules it may be answered before the
race on consultation with the regatta com
mittee.
The starters were:
CLASS I.
Owner
Nam it. Rig. or Captain. Club.
Rappho Wood.. KngWberg 8. P
Rover Hoop.. Bruce B.F..Cor.Cal
Pride Sloop.. Bartlett Cor
Ella 81oop.. Ames Cor .
Clara Sloop.. Young ICor
Low 1 Sloop.. ;Klug Ig. F., Cor.!..
CLASS 11.
Rdna Sloop.. I Lancaster 1Ca1... .
Harpoon Sloop.. Cook |Cor
Qnepn Hloop.. IMorrell 8. F
CLASS 111.
Hlelpner | |McK«nzle.....|.«. F
Surprise Sloop.. iLee Cal
Wh:rlwlud... LuggeriVon sehmldt. Cal ...
Pilgrim Yawl.. I Wilson Cal
Pha-nicla Cotter. 'Justing Cal. and Cor
Elsa Sloop.. iUiPdera &F
iColus |Morrow
Mascoite Sloop.. | Cor
CLASS IV.
Will o' the:
Wnp Sloop.. White Is. F
Hop* Sloop.. Kennedy CaL
Flash Sloop.. Whin-head... Cal
Slranger Sloop.. Pague vm.
Mist Sloop.. Marshall Cal
Mirth Sloop.. Mervey Cal
CLASS V.
Surprise, Sea Fox and Cigne.
The start was a pretty one, but the Elia
got the better of the starter's gun and was
going free before the Rover was ready to
]ibe. The Queen and Harnoon followed |
the Rover and all set sail after the leading :
yacht but were unable to catch her. She
made the course in 1 hoar 51 minutes and ]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 4, 1896.
8 seconds, while the Rover wai 2 hours 14
minutes and 11 seconds in covering the
game distance. All over the course it was
a succession of squalls and calms and fre
quently the squalls were from the wrong
direction.
In class 2 the Harpoon made the course
in 2 hours 1 minute and 35 seconds, while
the Edna took 2 hours 54 minutes and 24
seconds to cover the distance. The other
boats did not finish.
T c Mascotte, a late entry, captured the
third event. She covered the course in 1
hour 11 minutes and 27 seconds, while the
best the yawl Pilgrim could do was 8 hours
16 minutes and 15 seconds. It was the most
rluky kind of weather and the yachtsmen
had no chance. The boat that caught the
wind held the lead.
In class 4 the Flash won in the good
time of 1 hour 16 minutes and 47 seconds
and the Mirth was a good second in 1 hour
42 minutes and 54 seconds. The others
were not in it, while in the fifth class t lie
Surprise, Sea Fox and Cisne made a drift
ing match of it, and not one of thorn suc
ceeded in reaching the finishing post in
time.
There were a number of mishaps during
the day and a considerable amount of
wransrling resulted. It was asserted that
the Klin fouled the stakeboat in Mission
Bay, and thus gained a long beat to wind
ward. The captain of the Cathernie (the
stakeboat) was sent for, and he said that
no fouling had taken place and that the
crew of the Elia had handled their boat
like genuine sailors.
During the maneuvering for the start
the Rover got into a pocket and had to
make a long jibe in order to round the
starting-boat. She did not improve her
position during the entire run and only
finished a fair second. Even this conces
sion is disputed, as one of the smaller
boats is said to have beaten her out on
time allowance.
The Clara and "Will o' the Wisp were in
collision off Angel Island, Dut neither of
them was damaged and both yachts
reached home in safety. It was simply a
question of a drifting match.
The Ramona was the mdces' boat and
the judges were Charles G. Yale, Matthew
Turner and J. M. Shotwell. The men who
had charge of the regatta were H. H. Jen
ness, Charles B. Hill and Isadore Gutte.
Commodore Few in the Truant and
Commodore Leonard in the El Sueno and
Captain Engleberg in the Sappho joined
in the races, but only "for the fun of the
thini:," and when they found it was a
question of "whistling for the wind" they
gave it up and sailed back for the club
house. During portions of the day there
was a regular "soldiers' breeze," and at
other times the wind was contrary enough
to make even a sailor swear.
Harry Goodall, the starter, deserves
credit for the manner in which he got the
yachts away, and the British ship cap
tains showed their appreciation of the oc
casion by dressing ship. The gunboat
Petrel flew her 300-foot pennant and the
Gedney was gayly bedecked for the celebra
tion. All in ail the San Francisco's
opening was a eala day at Sausalito.
UNDER THE GREENWOOD.
Annual Excursion of City Officials Into
San Mateo County.
The annual outing of City officials took
place yesterday, ten wagonettes loaded
with municipal employes going on a drive
into San Mateo County. The May excur
sion of last year was poorly attended,
owing to the fact that none of the officials
had been apprised of it, but this year many
bad been invited weeks beforehand, and
the attendance was large. Sheriff Whelan
Judges Campbell and Joachimsen, and a
large number of minor municipal lights,
were on band, and a good lime was en
joyed by all. A lunch was sent to Uncle
Tom's cabin beforehand, and when the
party arrived everything was in readiness
for the guest?. After a day spent "under
the greenwood tree" the party returned to
this City, well satisfied with the excursion.
Shot Holes In a Window.
Ah Sing, a Chinese highbinder, was arrested
early yesterday morning and detained at the
California-street police station on a charge of
assault to murder. Sing was apprehended by
the officers shortly after emptying the con
tents of a large revolver through a window of
a gambling-house on Baker alley.
When Baby was Bick, wo gave her Castoria.
When she was a Child, sho cried for Castoria.
When she becaaao Mliss, she clung to Castoria.
When ahe had Children, she gave them Castoria.
WILD RIDE OF
THE PASSENGERS,
Thrilling Accident on the
lngleside Electric
Line.
SAVED BY A MIRACLE.
A Mission Electric-Car Jumps
the Track on the Ocean
Road.
A MOTOBMAN'S RECKLESSNESS.
Many of the Passengers Thrown Off
and Several Were Severely
Injure!.
An accident on the lngleside branch of
the Mission telectric line occurred yester
day afternoon, and three passengers were
seriously injured and several badly shaken
up. It was almost a miracle that several
lives were not lost.
Car 1059 was on its way to the lngleside
track about 4 o'clock, loaded with passen
gers. On the Ocean House road, near the
barn of the House of Correction, there is a
gradual incline, and before reaching it the
motorman let loose all the brakes and
turned on the full current. The car dashed
along at a terrific speed.
The result was the car jumped the track,
aped across the other track across a ditch
and up an incline till it bumped against a
clay projection and was brought to a sud
den stop.
Both dummies were crowded and pas
sengers were standing in the passage
ways. All the passengers on the right
hand side of the forward dummy were
thrown to the ground.
P. B. Pendergast, Depmy County Clerk,
living at 94GV£ Minna street, was thrown a
distance of about fifteen fee^ and had his
right knee and hip badly contused.
Two ladies fell on top of each other, the
under one being in a delicate condition and
her injuries may prove fatal. Others were
more or less injured by the shock. The
two ladies were conveyed to a drugstore
on Thirty-first and Valencia streets in a
hack and later to their homes.
Pendergast was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and had his injuries attended to
by Dr. Weil. Although painful they were
not serious and he was able to go to his
home.
Pendergast and his friend, ex-Senator G.
J. McCarthy, 1134'^ Folsom street, who
was also on the car and accompanied him
to the hospital, blamed the motorman for
the accident.
"The motorman was putting on such
speed," said Mr. Pendergast, "that before
we reached the incline I seriously thought
of leaving the car, and I looked up at him
to see if he had been drinking. When he
increased the speed to about fifty miles an
hour just before we struck the incline I
felt sure the car would jump the track,
and it did.
"I was thrown about fifteen feet and if I
had gone a few feet further I would have
struck a T rail and probably had my skuil
fractured or my bones broken. Every one
on the right hand side of the forward
dummy, where I was sitting, was thrown
out."
Ex-Senator McCarthy said:
"I was on the rear dummy, and as I saw
the car would surely jump the track I
braced myself and escaped injury.j ury. I
measuied the distance the car went after
jumping the track and it was twenty-four
very long paces, or about seventy-five feet.
"There is a culvert a few feet from
where the accident occurred, and if the
car had jumped the track a second or so
sooner it would have gone into the cul
vert and several lives would undoubtedly
have been lost.
"The motorman was to dame for the
accident, as he made the car go at a reck
less speed. It is surprising to me that
more people were not hnrt, but we have to
thank the clay bank for it."
HONOR DONE THE DEAD.
Feeling Address Is Made at the Funeral
of Gustavus Litngford
Spear.
The funeral of Gustavus L. Spear, a
member of the oldest firm of auctioneers
in this City, was held yesterday afternoon
at Masonic Temple. The hall was crowded
to the utmost capacity by the members of
the Masonic fraternity and other friends,
who came to do honor to the memory of
the deceased friend and brother.
The obsequies were under the auspices
of California Lodge No. 1, of which Mr.
Spear was a past master.
In attendance also were Golden Gate
Commandery No. 16, Knights Templar;
the Grand Consißtory of the A. A. 8. K. of
California, and the subordinate council of
Kadosh, Chapter of Rose Crqix, and Lodge
of Perfection, of all of which he was a
member.
Earnest and touching addresses were
delivered by both Past Master Edward
.Feabody and Rev. Dr. Jacob Voorsanger.
Anthems were rendered at intervals by
the full Masonic choir under the direction
of Faniuel G. Mayer, grand organist.
The Masonic ceremonies were conducted
by Charles Lewio Patton, past master of
California Memorial Lodge.
The body was escorted to tlie Masonic
Cemetery by the various lodges, where it
was interred" in accordance with the beau
tiful and symbolic rites of the societies of
which Mr.'Spear was an honored member.
CROWNING THE KING.
Red Men's Shooting Section Decorates
the Hero of Their Annual
Contest.
The Red Men's Shooting Section had a
merry time at California Hall laat evening.
It was their fifth anniversary ball, and
following the custom of the society it was
also the occasion of crowning the shooting
king for the ensuing year.
The right to this much-coveted title was
earned at the eagle-shooting at Shell
Mound Park Sunday, April 26. Eagle
shooting is a traditional pastime in Ger
many, and the lucky winner of the contest
is termed the shooting king until the an
nual recurrence of the contest.
C. Stein was the candidate for honors
last evening. He was pr oclaimed king by
Captain John Tiedeman, to which the new
king made a response. The Misses Bacber
and Miss Schoening, members of the
Ladies' Schuetzen Club, then decorated
him with a mammoth floral wreath.
Prizes were distributed for the largest
number of points made as follows:
First, John Tiedeman; second, W. Kreutß
kamm; third. H. Bach; fourth, John Felder
xnann; fifth, E. Goebel; seventh, John Olberg;
eighth, C. Trestz; ninth, P. H. Bulfl».
At the conclusion of the awarding of
prizes ttie grand inarch was formed, with
King Stein and his wife leading. Dancing
was enjoyed for the rest of the night. W.
Kreutzkamm acted as floor manager. The
committee of arrangements was P. H.
Will, M. Dieckert and W. Kreutzkamm.
Yesterday's FJreJAlarms.
An alarm was turned in through box 98 at
3 p. m. yesterday for a fire in Swan's painting
establishment, at 759 Market street. The
blaze was caused by a defective flue. The dam
age amounted to about $10. The alarm
sonnded from box 136 last evening at 7:30
o'clock was for a fire in a two-story frame
dwelling at 1111 Van Ness avenue. The build
ing is owned by the Ladles' Relief .Society and
is occupied by Mr. Henry. A lace curtain ig
niting from a gas jet started the blaze. The
damage will amount to about $100. The alarm
from box 01 at 8:30 F. m. was for a small blaze
caused by the careless use of matches in a
dwelling-house occupied by John Kodgers, at
156 Clementina street. The building waa
damaged to the extent of $150.
TRADES COUNCIL MEETING
The Unemployed of the Labor
Unions Enrolled for Picket
Duty.
Reports of District Committees on the
Card— All Jobs Must Ba
Unionized.
A meeting of the unemployed belong
ing to the labor unions under the auspices
of the Trades Council was held in the
Turk-street Temple yesterday afternoon.
John McCartney was elected chairman
and W. Neergard secretary of the meeting.
Chairman McCartney said the object of
the meeting was to push the card among
workmen. Everyone must labor to bring
all operatives Into the union, and for that
purpose was the City districted and a
committee chosen to work each locality.
The reports of several of the committees
were read. In many places non-union
men were at work, especially among car
penters. In some places men were work
ing nine hours, beinc obliged to do so by
employers who were wealthy and could
afford to tie the jobs up for years, and
were only letting them be worked "merely
for amusement."
Mr. Hose took the floor and said this
would not do, and that every job in the
City must be unionized.
"We are out to establish the working
card or die in the attempt," said he.
"This is too serious a matter to let go by
neglect."
Mr. Hughes moved that the unions be
asked to have their unemployed sent to
the Board of Building Trades "to be en
rolled for picket duty in the different dis
tricts. The motion was carried.
On the whole, the reports were encour
aging, as many contained promises to get
cards. Mr. Rose thought that a promise
on their part was not enough, but it must
be seen tnat they procured them.
Mr. Bean spoke in the same strain, and
said that all must keep up the fight. At
his suggestion a count was taken, and
eighteen persons present were found to be
unemployed. They were enrolled among
the district committees for picket duty.
The Alta Gun Club.
The A Ha Gun Club held its second medal shoot
at inanimate targets yesterday at the Seven
mile House. The conditions were twenty-five
bluerocks at unknown angles. Mathew Mee
han broke twenty-four and secured the gold
medal.
The following scores were made: L. Holden
16, E. Browne 12, J. Welch 19, O. Freund 20
J. Loney 20, N. Burnham 17, E. P. Peterson
21, MattMeehan 24, J. Noonan 20, J. Dwyer
20, V. Sweeney 18, T. Mitchen 14, J. Riley ltf
J. Edwards 10, A. Drager 23.
NEW TO-PAT- AMUSEMENTS.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street. Between Stockton an] Pa *»U.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
01 OWN SAGSIFICE! i AM) ESTIRE SEW CD.
Imported Direct from Enrope and the East.
J. W. RANSONE,
CARR AND JORDAN,
MORTON AND MACK,
. .-• ---■ CHARLOTTE PARRY.
THE MIMIC FOUR, *'
3 THE NIGHTOSB— 3
And a Long List of Celebrities.
Reserved seats. a jc: Balcony, 10c; Oper* oaalri
and Box seats. 50c .
t&~ Secure Seats a day ■ In advance and preyent
disappolutmenu
TROPICAL FAIRY PALACE.
take a SWIM IN SUTRO BATHS.
PURE SEA WATER.
RAIN OR SHINE.
sIOi.M OR COLD.
WIND OK NO WIND.
Atmosphere always 72 degs. Water 80 degs.
Performance Every 'Afternoon ' and Hvenlnz.
PRICKS "POPULAR Z D. : «
Admission - After ■ 6 P. M. f Including
•>■'.-.-..: Bathing; -
Adults 35 Cents. Children 15 Cents.
GENERAL ADMISSION: -
Adults 1O Cents. ■ Children 5 Cents.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION (Adults) 10* CENTS.
CHILDREN— . 6c: CHUTES, 6c,
Ladies— Weekday Afternoons, sc. v-o
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
AL HA? MAN SCO'S THEATERS
mmmm ~ mmmm ~~ m ~ mmmmma l THEY HAVE
|f™""~""^ —■—^ THEY HAVE
vALI FO I,A 70 in n umber.
PRIMROSE AND WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS !
The Greatest Company They Have Ever Owned.
40 WHITES— 3O BLACKS— 7 0 IN ALL
. 3 BIG BRASS BANDS.
TO-NIGHT and for the Next Two Weeks*
1 I 3 WEEKS 1
"%-m
— mmm^^ ■■«»^ Sunday.
The THE '
Comedian, STRANGE
Eddio ADVENTURES
- . OF MISS
rOy! BROWN!
Management Of WM. A. BBADT.
ABSOLUTELY THE FUNNIEST FLAT
- OF THE CENTURY. -
miCOLAnOtR.<jOTTLOD« u»t>AMrur«Btl»'»
FAMOUS GRAND
SCENIC DRAMATIC
AND PRODUCTION
TO-Ifl-XC^SIT : — r-
MOKKISON'3 COMPANY in
"FAUST!"
T An Exceptionally Excellent Organization.
Wonderful Electric and Calcium Effects.
Genuine Flashes of Lightning. •
. Magic Rain of Fire.
Produced Here in Its Entirety.
RESERVED SEATS— 50c and 75c.
* jT'^j/ A I A* A mm T A fN
Bk^' • f-\ I f £X f £\ LJ
TO-TCTICa-IBC 1 ! 1 —
BYRON'S GREATEST COMEDY,
OUR BOYS !
A Run of FOUR YEARS In London.
An Admirable Cast.
Best Seats BOe, 35c, 25c, ISo and lOe.
Matinees— Saturday, Sunday. .26c, 18c, 10c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. £bkbstu{x Kkei.ino, Proprietor £ Manaeat
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
CAREFUL PRODUCTION
Of Flanquette'B Romantic Opera,
"THE CHIMES OF SORMASDI"
(The Bell of Corneville}. • .
- SUPERB CAST!
Picturesque Scenery— Correct Costumes
/>—^-IN PREPARATION
A liber's Tuneful Opera,
tl m H.A. SXAVOZjQ!"
And a Scenic Production of
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN I"
. The Favorite Story in an Operatic Betting.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc. -.-
R?!CDLANDO?'COTTIO3&C , LESSEES &/IANMEB
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
THE SENSATION OF THE TIME.
Crowded at Every Performance.
BRISTOL'S GREAT HORSE SHOW.
Nothing Like It Ever Seen Here.
Witnessed by Over 16,000 Children Last Week.
Wonderful! Marvelous! Astonishing!
:; —MATINEES
Thursday, Saturday, Sunday.
Reserved Seats 15c, 35c and 50e.
CHILDREN AT MATINEES 10c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTKK MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Managw
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
America's Leading Tragedian,
■ EDMUND K. COLLIER
Supported by a Selected Cast from Our Own
Company, in a Superb Production of
vißaccisriTjrs
. J'.vkxin-o l'Hic-Kj— 2se and 510. <'•'••,■
Family Circle and Gallery. 10a.
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
One Night Only— TO-NIGHT (Monday),
ROLAND HEED ,
And Company in the Satirical Comedy.
"THE POi.ITiCI N!"
Secure seats now. Prices 35c to $1.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
Six Nights .......... Begin nlng TO-MOBBOW,
THE GREAT Z VNZICB!
Thk Wkitk Mahatmas.
Reserved seats— 35c and 60c. No higher.
BENEFIT CONCERT
: —^-IN AID OF THE— '
NEWSBOYS' HOME.
TUESDAY EVENING, MAY 5, 1806,
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
SAN FRANCISCO MIXED QUARTET—
Miss Millie Flynn, Miss Lena Carol Nicholson,
Mr. Willis K. Bacheller, Mr. Thomas Hlckard, a
Constance Jordan. Accompanist.
MR. V. A. H. HOFFMEYEK Pianist
MR. LOUIS FININGER, Humorist
MISS PEARL NOBLE Cornet
MlbB MAUD NOBLE Trombone
MISS LILLIAN FEATHE85T0N............ "
• ••• •«• .........Accompanist
TICKETS— BOc, 75c and 91. D0,
For sale at Sherman & Clay's and at Y. M. C.
. . Association Building.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
>: (RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. IV
ADMISSION. 81.00.
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Tow*
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. ic
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
stand. $1. Take Mission-street electric line direct
to track.
■ A. B. SPRKCKELa W. a LEAKS.
••- President. Secretary
78
NEW WALDECK
SANITARIUM.
Modern Home for the Sick
Opened on Jones
Street, i
STERILIZATION FOR ALL.
Corporation Formed for the Com
mon Good of the
Members.
AN UP-TO-DATE INSTITUTION.
Why a Humorously Inclined Visitor
Concluded That in Silence
Is Strength.
The tendency of the present day to
specialization is aptly exemplified in the
new Waldeck Sanitarium, 717 Jones street.
It is perhaps one of the most unique
The Beautiful Sanitarium, Where Favored Patients of Eminent Physicians Will
Be Cared For.
and scientifically equipped institutions of
the kind on the Pacific Coast, and one
from which the physical sufferer can truly
draw the balm which is in Gilead.
The Sanitarium is strictly what its
name implies, and in no sense can it be
considered as a hospital. Some of the
leading physicians of the City, believing
that by co-operation many common bene- i
tits could be derived and many medical
appliances kept for the common use that
otherwise would be entirely unavailable,
came together and formed a corporation;
the object of which is to give the patients
of each of the members the advantages of
a first-class, modern private hospital.
-The building was constructed by Dr. M..
Herzstein, one of the corporation, who
leased it to that body, and the architect
secured for the mechanical work was
Lyons. But the general details of the
construction were by Drs. Herzstein and
Cooper. Many of the devices for the
operating-room also were the exclusive
idea of Dr. Cooper.
In external finish the building is in ac
cordance with the latest and most ar
tistic designs. Situated as it is, high on
the slope of the hill, above the murky at
mosphere of the manufacturing district,
the air- is pure and invigorating. A broad,
spacious veranda juts out from tbe sixth
or upper story, where invalids in the con
valescent stage can get the full benefits of I
both air and sunshine. In case the breeze
be too strong tne patient is stationed in a
neat, cheerful solarium.
The minutest wants of the invalid have
been consulted. By a broad carriage-way
which leads into the northern side of the
building the disembarking of patients
from vehicles in rainy weather, when the
elements would render exposure danger
ous, is obviated.
Coming to the interior, the first thing of
which the visitor makes mental note is the
eenerM air of cheerfulness that prevails.
The furniture is all painted white, the
walls in many cases are the same, and
even the bright and comely nurses that
trip noiselessly round the apartments are
robed from head to foot in garments of the
same snowy hue.
In ventilation the degree of perfection j
attained is the first thing requiring !
analysis. The fresh air ia taken from a
point above the roof, goes to the basement
through a fan driven by an electric motor, j
where a part is heated.
Hot and cold air are driven to each
room independently. By this arrange
ment a fevered patient might have the
air tempered to his condition, and yet a
patient in the next room, suffering with a
chill, be in an atmosphere from 20 to 30
deg. warmer.
"This is sometrong which, to the best of
my. knowledge, is entirely new," said Dr.
Hertzstein, chuckling and rubbing his
hands together with satisfaction as he
ushered his visitors from one place of in
terest to another, "and the beneficial re
sults we shall obtain from it are such as
will amply repay us for our time, labor
and worriment."
On each floor is a nurse's waiting-room,
in which are provided the registers for
cailbells, and a local telephone tsystem
connects the various parts of the edifice.
But it is the scientific methods and ap
pliances brought into use in the surgical
and medical departments that excite the
visitors' wonder, it is sterilized Here,
sterelized there and sterilized everywhere.
The water is sterilized, there is nn appara
tus for steam sterilizing of dressings,
when beds are evacuated they are put into
a .curious looking combination of engine
arid oven and — sterilized.
One of "the party, humorously inclined,
remarked that it was funny they didn't
sterilize the tables and chairs: whereupon
one of the physicians, without the sem
blance of a smile, ushered the party into
another room, where the operating table
was, and gravely pointed out the appara
tus used to sterilize it. The humorously
inclined person was silent thereafter.
One part of the building Is devoted en
tirely to baths. There are mud baths, va
por baths, sulphur baths and some sci
entific baths that a layman can poorly de
scribe.
Every bath at the Waldeck conforms to
the law of sterilization. Dr. Cooper even
went so far as to suggest that the press
representative be sterilized to show one of
the particular processes employed.
The dumbwaiters, the elevator, the venti
lation and every one of the various mechan
isms in the structure are operated by elec
tricity, a large dynamo being situated in
the basement.
All in all, the building in entirety and
in detail, in scientific equipment and in
appliances for ease and comfort is one of
which San Francisco can justly be proud.
One novel feature is the donating of cer
tain rooms for the use of the press, the
police and indigent patients free of charge.
The corporation is composed of the fol
lowing physicians, surgeons, gynecolo
gists, oculists and aurists: Consulting
physicians, surgeons and gynecologists —
l)r. Winslow Anderson, Dr. J. H. Barbat,
Dr. F. B. Carpenter, Dr. C. A. Clinton, Dr.
C. E. Cooper (superintendent), Dr. E. G.
Frisbie, Dr. M. Herzstein, Dr. E. E. Kelly,
Dr. A. Liliencrantz, Dr. M. Regensburger,
Dr. G. H. Terrill; oculists and aurists— -Dr.
G. H. Powers, Dr. W. F. Southard.
OLD PEOPLE'S HOME.
There Are More Kettldents There at This
Time Than Ever Before.
The annual meeting of the board of
managers of the Old People's Home,
corner of Pine and Pierce streets, which is
to be held this afternoon, will probably be
adjourned until Saturday afternoon, as it
will be impossible to prepare the annual
reports until that time.
"We have had a very quiet and unevent
ful year, 1 ' said the Rev. Charles McKelvey,
the superintendent and chaplain of the
home yesterday. "In fact Mrs. E. C.
Wright said to me a few days since
that it has been the most uneventful year
in the history of the home. There is "now
and has been this year a larger number of
people here and there has been less fric
tion than ever before.
"We have now fifty-five men and eighty
three women, ranging in age from 63 to 91
years, and we have but two unoccupied
rooms. One old lady reached her ninety
fiist year on the 23d of last month. Yes
terday we lost by death one oi the ladies,
Mrs. Johanna Brar.n, who had been a resi
dent of the home for five and a half years.
She was buried this afternoon. During
the year but eight deaths have occurred."
PATRIOTS INDORSED.
A Graceful Act by Valentine IJolt Soci
ety of the California Branck of
Children of the Revolution.
The young patriots who last February
organized the Valentine Holt Society of
Children of the American Revolution are
exceedingly enthusiastic, and each mani
fests a deep interest in the affairs of the
society at each meeting. At a meeting
held last Saturday afternoon in the resi
dence of Mrs. D. J. Tallant, 2211 Washing
ton street, Tecumseh P., Charles H. and
Jennie Sherman, descendants of Hon.
Daniel Sherman of Woodbury, Conn., a
member of the Committee of Inspection,
whose duty was to promote the enlistment
of soldiers in the Revolutionory army, for
four years a member of the "Council of
Safety" by appointment of the general as
sembly and representative for the town of
Woocibury for sixty-five semi-annual ses
sions, from 1754 to 1791, were elected mem
bers of the society.
The following, introduced by Miss Isabel
Dennbon, was adopted by a rising vote:
Whereas, The Valentine Holt Society of the
Children of the American Revolution has
learned that through the efforts of Francis and
Oonaunce Fairchild, the little daughters of
George M. Fairchild of "Ravenscliffe," near
Quebec, Canada, a handsome marble tablet
has been erected la the courtyard of the old
military prison on Citadel Hill, Quebec, to the
memory of lieneral Montgomery's soldiers who
were killed in the assault on Quebec, Decem
ber 31, 1775; and whereas, this act of patri
otic zeal must commend itself to every loyal
American citizen, and especially to those or
gfTnized societies whose object is to foster true
patriotism and perpetuate the memory and
spirit of the men and women who achieved
American independence: therefore be it
Resolved, That in grateful recognition of the
patriotic spirit that has animated these chil
dren In the accomplishment of this noble un
dertaking Valentine Holt Society of the Chil
dren of the American Revolution of San Fran
cisco, Cal., esteeming it an honor to have
borne upon its roll of membership the names
of these younj; patriots do hereby elect Fran
cis and Constance Fairchild honorary members
of the aocietv.
Tne members of the society were re
quested to display the American flag from
their respective residences on the 14th of
next June, the one hundred and nineteenth
anniversary of its adoption.
At the close of the business meeting
John and Selden S. Tallant assisted the
hostess in receiving and entertaining the
young patriots in a dignified and charm
ing manner.
In addition to the large line of ready-framed
Pictures closing out at half price we have
many new Pictures in the sheet coming in and
new Moldings; beautiful designs for framing
at moderate prices. San born, Vail <Jt Co., 741
Market street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 4, 1896.
WAITING FOR CANDIDATES
A Call Made for Committeemen
of the French So
ciety.
MIXED TIP WITH POLITICS.
Cause of the Recent Rumpus in the
Societe Francaise de Bienfaisance
Mutuelle.
Sylvain Weill, who recently resigned
from the Societe Francaise de Bienfaisance
Mutuelle as its president and as a director,
is still obdurate, in the face of a most flat
tering siege by scores of societaires who
have appealed to him for a withdrawal of
his resignation.
"I did not resign in anger," said he,
"nor do I propose to recall my decision
excepting under one condition. My resig
nation was tendered because of the affront
made by the committee to Drs. Bngham
and Boyd, two capable practitioners who,
without remuneration, have served the
society faithfully for years and who de
served better treatment. If these gentle
men are reinstated I will be willing to re
sume the duties from which I have with
drawn."
Whether the action of the committee
last week, prior to the general breaking
up, in electing Drs. de Marville and Mayer
as against Drs. Brigham and Boyd can be
recalled is a subject that must be decided
by the two-third vote of the entire mem
bership of the society, a condition which
is hardly practicable, as of the total mem
bership roll of 4000 nearly half is made up
of subscribers at large, even as far off an
the home country.
Of the ten members of the committee
who resigned the other night, six have re
gretted their hasty action and are again
back in the fold with the four men who
stood by their vote to oust Drs. Brigham
and Boyd. Among these ten is J. Des
champs, who, as secretary, resigned when
President Weill did. but who, realizing
the very awkward position in which the
society found itself, urged the other com
mitteemen to return as he did himself. He
realized the fact that, according to law,
the standing of the society might be in
volved, and that any stickler of a member
might appeal to the courts to have a re
ceiver appointed.
Secretary Descbamps, backed by the
other nine members of the committee, yes
terday published a bulletin notifying the
members of the society that there were
five vacancies in the committee, and that
" any member in good standing for a year
at least, a Frenchman or born of French
parents, or son of a naturalized French
man " desiring to be a candidate for such
office, must present his name at society
headquarters before 5 o'clock next Satur
day afternoon.
'1 he next move will be to call a general
meeting for May 17. when the names of the
candidates will be voted upon and a new
president elected.
After that the society will be on its old
time footing with a standing order to Su
perintendent Wolff not to overlook hoist
ing the American flag on a National holi
day. Apropos of that flag episode, it may
De stated that only a few disgruntled mem
bers regarded it as a slight to Old Glory.
It was not intended as such and was
simply an oversight on the part of the su
perintendent.
But, to eet back to the split-up in the
society and its causes. E. Marque, the
editor of the Petit Californien, in bis issue
of last Saturday, reviews the situation.
According to Mr. Marque, politics entered
to a great extent into the management of
the hospital, resulting in the unlooked-for
snub to Drs. Brigham and Boyd. In other
words, a powerful ring was formed in the
bosom of a friendly aggregation in such a
quiet way that not until the bombshell
burst was its existence known.
Le Petit Californien says that Superin
tendent Wolff for many months had been
at outs with Dr. Voisard, tne resident
physician. When elections were approach
ing, or rather during the heat of the cam
paign in which they deemed it advisable
for self-protection to stand together, the
"glad hand" was extended and accepted.
The combination had Drs. Brigham and
Boyd in the corridors of the hospital giv
ing them the "go-by" and "glassy eye," or
expressions to that effect in French. Then,
so the Marque story goes, the members of
the committee who either had relatives
employed at the hospital or whose friends
had relatives there were pledged to vote
for the Wolff-Voisard candidates or else
suffer the consequences.
The results show for themselves. The
slate was broken. Sylvain Weill, the
time-honored president, and four other
directors have stepped down and out. Drs.
Brigham and Boyd, the faithful but un
paid servants, have been cast aside, and
there is a solid ten in the committee with
Wolff and Voisard as "bosses," in the
plain American political vernacular.
But there is this that can be said: The
French Hospital, with ail its new and
magnificent paraphernalia, is still one of
the grandest institutions of its kind in the
United States, and even if there has been
a change of directors and a physician or
two, the latter are equally as good as those
who were there, even if some amour
propre has been piqued.
OPALS FOR THE MUSEUM
The Park Now Possesses the
Finest Collection in the
World.
A Sudden Rent in the Canvas Disap
points Lela Adair at the
Last Moment.
A heavy Scotch mist began sweeping
dismally through the park yesterday dur
ing the earlier part of the afternoon.
Crowds of gayly dressed people had
thronged there, but the band had scarcely
begun the second number on the pro
gramme when the wind and the rain
came and great was the falling off there
upon of the multitude which poured out
in a disappointed flood down through the
gates into the City.
Apparently the most disappointed one
of all was Lela Adair, the aeronaut at the
chutes. Her big balloon was nearly in
flated with hot air and was straining at
the ropes. She held the trapeze in her
bands. Word was given to let go and the
balloon rose a few feet in the air,
but only a lew feet and then showly
sank.
. "It's busted!" • cried . a little boy . on
Haight street, using . a hole in the fence
for a trumpet. The information, however,
was; unnecessary. - The expectant crowd
had also seen the big rent in the side, and
so the ascension was postponed until next
Sunday. . "^Qgg^t9ia^%^BUX^aia!t?ia^a
The . museum at the park was crowded
all day. During the past week over 9000
visitors passed through the gates.
Many rare and valuable curios have been
received recently by Curator Wilcomb, do
nated by people both here and in the East.
• "The rarest * ana most valuable," said
Professor Wilcomb, "is a collection of
opals, donated by 1 8.' M: Davis, a gentle
man who has devoted a great many, years
to gathering this collection, procuring the
specimens from all over the world.
. "There are 288 specimens altogether, of
which there are thirty-eight varieties. The
opals are precious and semi-precious.
"This," he said, holding in his hand a
large porous stone on which the pure opal
heaped itself in layers, having the appear
ance of mother-of-pearl, only richer in iri
descent colors, "is a particularly tine speci
men from Mexico.
'The delicate play of colors observed in
opals has been ascribed to small micro
scopic cavities which reflect the rays. As
a rule piecious opals are seldom larger
than a hazelnut, but very large specimens
have been found.
"In Mexico this opal— the fire-opal— is
in certain localities quite abundant. They
vary m color from hyacinth-red to honey
yellow. Sometimes they are exceedingly
beautiful.
"This is a blackmorite named from the
place where it is found— Mt. Blackmore.
in Montana.
"Among the most remarkable of opals
are the jasp-opal, the hyalite, which is as
transparent as glass, and the mood opal.
Precious opals are chiefly found in Hun
gary, although some very" line varieties are
obtained in Honduras and in Iceland.
'This collection of Mr. Davis' is prob
ably the finest in the worlu. It is a great
acquisition to the museum."
Work on the museum annex is progress
ing as rapidly as possible, but the building
will not be occupied nrobably for another
week. v
Ten thousand or more people visited
Sutro's baths yesterday. The fog and mist
°°vi ld t. not t^Qetrate into that luxurious es
tablishment. There was a grand concert
by the Eighteenth Regiment band in the
afternoon, and the members of the Cali
fornia Swimming Club, who were out in
full force, gave an impromptu exhibition
<" h »gh, fancy and trick diving.
There were two 200-yard swimmine
races for amateurs, the first of which was
a dead heat and was very exciting, L.
Cooper and R. Cornwell coming in first
and J. Geddes second. In the second race
for youths F. Geddes was first and L. L.
Smith second. In a 50- yard race for boys
Robert Cordell, mascot of the California
Benjamin L. McKinley, Who Won the Medal for His Able Essay Delivered Yes
terday Before the Members of the League of the (Cross at Native Sons' Hall.
{Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
Swimming Club, was first, and B. Oliva
second.
Besides the races there was the usual
performance of contortionists and tight
rope walkers. It is the intention of
Colonel Robinson to thoroughly equip the
baths with all the necessary turning
boards and to have correctly measured
courses of all distances from* fifty yards
up to five miles, and to institute a series
of champion amateur races, and with the
talent which the Colonel believes avail
able be will undoubtedly break some
world records.
"There is no limit to the wonders in
Flora's domain," remarked head gar
dener Holbrow in the conservatory in
the Park yesterday as he drew attention
to some five ferns that he Keeps tinder
glass and in the shade. "Tfcis is the film
fern of the most delicate texture. Its
botanical name is Todea Superba. It is
from Australia, and grows under cascades
where the spray may continually reach it.
It will not live without water, and in order
to keep it alive here it has to be sprayed
very frequently dnrinu the day. Another
variety of it is the Prince of Wales fern,
so named because it grows like the plumes
that are so familiar with the motto 'Ich
Dien' under them.
"In this same case there is what is known
as the hogs-ear fern, a very rare plant,
which receives its name from its resem
blance in shape to a hog's ear."
One of the beauties in bloom in the
conservatory at this time is the Asiatic
Hlv, which from a mass of large green
leaves is sending forth a number of very
pretty white blossoms. In the big pond
may be seen some beautiful water lilies of
bluish and yellow color, while on the edge
of the pond is a Mexican orchid that is
sending forth a flower that is remarkable
for its markings of yellow and brown. It
ii known as the Oncendium.
MAE HOLDEN'S SUICIDE.
A Divorced and an Unhappy Woman
Shoots Herself in the Head.
At 1 o'clock Sunday morning the report
of a pistol shot attracted the roomers at
518 Geary street. Investigation showed
that a woman known as Mac Kline had
sent a bullet through her brain.
In her room a letter was found from her
friend who signed himself Fred, saying he
would have no more to do with her. This
probably caused her to end her life.
During the afternoon of yesterday
"Fred" called at the Morgue and stated
that his name was Fred Bastain and that
he was engaged as a machinist with the
Joshua Hendy Machine Works on Fre
mont street.
Little is known about the woman on this
side of the bay further than that she was
married to a railroad man named Kline,
who died some years ago in Oakland. She
afterward married another railroad hand
named T. L. Holden, who obtained a
divorce from her in one of the Alameda
County courts.
She and Bastain came to this City from
across the bay a few months ago and she
at once started into the half world, which
from Bastaiu's letter did not please him,
so he notified her that he would desert her.
The suicide of the woman was the result.
Interesting Lecture This Evening.
An illustrated lecture under the auspices of
the Exempt Fire Company will be given by
Rev. Dr. Voorsanger this evening at Metropoli
tan Temple. Subject: "LUting the Veil From
Forgotten Centuries." Doors open at 7:30
o'clock ; lecture at 8. Tickets, 50 cents. •
CHEER FOR TEMPERANCE,
One Cadet's Splendid Essay
Wins for Him a Silver
Medal.
FIVE CONTEST FOR A PRIZE.
Large Crowds Attend the Fourth Dis
trict Rally of the League of
the Cross.
Benjamin L. McKinley, a cousin of the
Ohio statesman of that name, delivered a
magnificent essay on temperance before a
large audience at Native Sons' Hall yes
terday afternoon and was awarded a silver
medal for his effort, it being the best of
the competition in which five members of
the League of the Cross took part.
It was the occasion of the grand quar
terly rally of the League of the Cross of
the Fourth District, which includes the
branches from the cathedral, St. Bridget's,
Sacred Heart, Holy Cross and St. Francis.
The cadets from the cathedral and St.
Bridget's Church were present in uniform,
and the branches from all the parishes
turned out in force. There was not stand
in c room when the exercises began.
D. J. Mahoney acted as chairman of the
meeting, which was opened by the sing
inf, of the "Veni Creator" by the boys and
the audience, the singing being led by the
Rev. Father Yorke. Miss Marie Georgiani
accompanied on the piano.
Father Yorke also read the prayer, and
the chairman spoke briefly of the history
of the League of the Cross, its objects and
aspirations. He explained that the junior
branch was composed of young men and
boys who took the pledge of total absti
nence until they were 21 years of age.
Mips Catherine Block rendered "You,"
by Robin, so acceptably that she was
obliged to respond to an encore, when she
pave the old. song, "I Cannot Sing That
Sons? To-Night." -
Professor S. J. Sandy sang "Rocked in
the Cradle of the Deep 1 ' in splendid voice,
and Miss Gonzales gave two recitations in
a way that delighted the audience.
The assembly sane: "America," and then
Harry Dinan, Miss Kirby and Miss Ma
honey entertained the audience.
The contest for the silver medal for the
best essay was most exciting. The con
testants were as follows: Cathedral, Cor
poral Benjamin L. McKinley ; St. Bridget's,
Serjeant James Touhy ; Sacred Heart,
Corporal James Carew ; St. Francis, Private
Rudolph Rulf; Holy Cross. Private Wil
liam Enright. "
The conditions of the contest were: (1)
Literary merit, (2) argument, (3) delivery,
each essay being limited to 1000 words.
The judges . were Professor Silas A.
White, principal of the Spring Valley
Grammar School; Miss Agnes M. Man
ning, principal of the Webster Primary,
and Miss Mary A. Roper of the same
school.
Corporal Benjamin L. McKinley was
awarded the medal and Sergeant James
Touhy was second. The others were gen
erously praised for their respective efforts.
The prize essay is as follows :
"Why I Am a Total Abstainer." There is
perhaps no other question which commands
bo much of the thought and attention of the
civilized world at the present time as the ques
tion of the constantly increasing sale and use
of intoxicating drink. It is a matter which af
fects man In every relation of his being— as a
sentient animal organism, as a free and intel
ligent agent subject to the moral law and re
sponsible to his Creator for its violation, and
as a unit in the great social organism.
In the physical life of man there are certain
substances which are necessary in the building
up and development of his bodily strength
and In the repairing of the waste and wear in
cident to his healthful activity. When these
substances are taken into the system, each in
its turn is absorbed by the tissues and con
verted into nlesh, bone, fiber, muscle or brain
and becomes part and parcel of the man.
when alcoholic liquor is introduced Into
the system it acts like a burning firebrand; it
inflames and blisters every membrane that it
touches; it rushes to the head and benumbs
the brain; it disturbs. the pulsations of the
heart ; it affects the respiration; and in fact
every organ of the body rises with one accord
to repel the intruder.- Alcohol cannot in any
sense be called food; it does not build up- it
can only tear down and destroy ; ana if its use
hS^i ,V n X? dl . th J9J 9 , unßtead y ste P- the palsied
hand, the bloated face, the bleary eyes and the
clouaed brain tell their story to the world of
nature s revenge for her violated laws.
But there is another and more important
consideration; man is more than a mere "i
-unl? H« G £? mMdcm M dc hlm a little less than th «
angels. He gave him an immortal soul formed
in His own image and likeness, and a . moral
law, by the observance ot which he might pur-
S,^ c lot at ""I 1 ! he reward of eternal hap
piness The ' awful , manner in which lndul
nt nn p C B K° n *,, drlllk destroys that image and
likeness of the Creator in the soul, and sets at
naucht the precepts of that moral law, is too
plainly exemplified in the thousands of moral
wrecks that strew the i shores of ■ the | ocean of
life. Its attractiveness is the secret of its
power. The spirit indeed is willing, but the
flesh is weak ; the young man who takes into
his hand for the first time that poisoned cup
would shudder at the thought of a felon's cell
or a drunkard's grave. But he does not stop
there; " He that loves the danger shall rerish
therein " ; or, as a great poet has expressed it :
Vice is a monster of so frightful mien
That to be hated needs but to be seen:
But seen too oft, familiar with her fnce,
We first endure, then pity, then embrace.
Go forth into the crowded streets of our
great cities and see what a fearlul heritage of
misery, degradation and crime is being laid
up for the youth of future generations by the
rumseller and his victims ; go to the hospitals
and asymms, where human beings, deprived
of God's most precious gift, are shrieking in
the unspeakable agonies of a delirium whose
only end is a hopeless aud unrepenting death •
goto the prison cell, whore the outcast of society
is cut off from communion with his kind- go
into the black shadow of the gallows, where
the guilty wretch who has imbrued his hands
in his brother's blood, yields up his wasted Hie
as the penalty of his crimes! Gaze on these
sights, and the thousand more that are daily
exposed to our unwilling view, and behold tne
effects of the first indulgence in that sweet
convivial glass, amid the seductive surround
ings of the saloon! Would to God that we
could write above the door oi every grogshop
in the land those awful words which Dante
wrote across the gates of hell: "Leave ho,.e
behind, all ye who enter here!"
But half of the awiul truth is yet untold. If
the drunkard's curse perished with his miser
able self, its evil would be immeasurably less
But it falls like a withering blight on innocent
and guihy alike, and involves them both in a
common destruction. "The sins of the parents
shall be visited upon the children unto the
third and fourth generation." What fearful
meaning is there in these prophetic words,
and what bitter truth when applied to the
drunkard's home. Home? Alasl that the
abode of love and truth and virtue should De
compared with & cage of unclean beastsl Why
are the gray hairs of that fatner and mother
brought down in sorrow to the prave? Why is
that patient, suffering wife dragged to the
lowest depths of want and despair, striving to
prevent the scant earnings of her own bitter
toil from rolling over the rumseller's counter?
Why are those innocent cuildren. deprived ot
a father's care, running wild in the streets,
with blasphemies falling from their baby lips
from the first moment that they learned to lisp
the name of God?
Why do these children go forth from such
surroundings and become wanderers on the
face of the earthT Why swell the ranks of
lawlessness and crime and transmit the curse
which darkens their own lives to the children
who succeed them? It is because the husband
and father, like Esau of old, has bartered his
birthright for his stomach's sake, and the curse
of God hangs over his posterity.
From these well-known facts we can draw but
one conclusion. Avoid the cause and you
avoid its effects. A wise man will profit from
the experience of others, and in view of the
fact that the first glass begets the desire, and
that the gratification of thai desire is the ruin
of the man, physically, morally and socially, 1
have decided to remove myself from the temp
tation to take that first step by remaining a
total abstainer.
Professor White in delivering the de
cision of the judges paid a glowing tribute
to the excellency of all the essays, ana he
encouraged the boys to go right ahead in
their splendid work in the cause of temper
ance and humanity.
Fathers Mulligan and Yorke also ad
dressed the members of the league and the
gathering dispersed by the singing of the
"Te Deum."
A BAY PIRATE ARRESTED.
Alfred Smith Arrested on Charges
of Burglary and Va
grancy.
The Police Believe He Has Been Com
mitting Numerous Thefts From
Sloops in the Bay.
Alfred Smith, who, according to the
water-front police, is a "bay pirate" and
"dope fiend," was detained at the City
Prison yesterday morning by Policemen
J. M. Dwyer and George Brown on the
charges of burglary and vagrancy.
The complaining witness in the burglary
charge is James Colville, owner of the
sloop Comfort, and a member of the Asso
ciated Engineers. There is no direct evi
dence against Smith, but tne arresting
officers are working on the case.
"I came here from the East about two
months ago," said Colville yesterday,
"and having spent most of my life work
ing indoors 1 thought I would like to
spend the remainder of my life in the
open air. I was advised to try my luck in
the ciam-fishing business, so I bought the
sloop Comfort.
"Not being familiar with the business I
wanted a man to help me, and Smith
hearing of my wish called upon me and
offered his services. I agreed to take him
in as a partner and to give him one-third
of the profits. He was with me for five
days and did nothing but lie around and
eat and drink.
"I was advised to get rid of him, which I
did. On Friday night, April 24, I was
with the boys for a few hours and got on
hoard the sloop, which was lying alongside
Fisherman's wharf, about 9 o'clock.
I wound up my watch by the light of the
moon and turned in. When I awoke next
morning my watch and chain, which I
value at $40, were gone, and the thief had
locked the door of my cabin."
Smith is a lanky looking fellow, 26 years
of age. In 1887, while employed in Je
notti's clam market on Clay street, he was
sent in a boat with $62 to Pinole to pay
the men's wages. He left the boat, which
was wrecked. He was arrested but escaped
conviction. He was also arrested on sus
picion of breaking into the room of John
Olsen, owner of the sloop Lizzie, on Val
lejo and Davis streets, and stealing his
watch and chain, but Olsen refused to
prosecute him.
MEW TO-DAT.
The
Shoe
You
Know
— That your
neighbors know — that everybody
knows — knows to be honestly made,
by makers of a quarter century's
experience —
BUCKINGHAM
& HECHTS
—that is the shoe to buy. Don't
buy Eastern shoes; California
Shoes are in every way superior.
Get them at
Kast'S 735-740 Market St
RAMBLERS AGAIN Will THE RACES !
THEY WIN 3 FIRSTS, 3 SECONDS AND 2 THIRDS IN OAKLAND AND SANTA
. - ■ : . , ROSA. . . ' -.-..■;•
h« AT SANTA ROSA, April SO, GEORGE FULLER won the one-third mile scratch and the one mil*
Handicap amateur. . . • - , .• ■ ; • ■ ■ r \ ■■■""■:■ -.-....
T.i l L t ? c only Professional race that day, a one mile handicap, ALLAN JONES took second and FOS-
TER from ncKtth took third place. The 200-yard limit man in this race was never headed.
THOS. H. B. VAR!fEY. : T' VT : . A rambler '
Ka mb le r and Ideal Market, Tenth »nd
'At OAKLAND, May 1, ALLAN JONES took third In the two-mile professional hTnd^n C °' V al *
At SANTA ROSA, May 2, FOSTER was first in the two-thirds of a mile scratch *nA «.«.,,* *,
the one mile, scratch. ALLAN JONKS wu third la the one mile haudicap,%rofe S! %
NEW TO-DAT.
MUNMS™
REMEDIES
] ■ CURED |;i
R. P. WHIGMAN
OF
RHEUMATISM
; ;. _____ . . •:*
R. P. Whigman, photographer, 22 Kear-
ny street, San Francisco, CaJ., says: "I ,
used Munyon's Rheumatism Cure ; for'
rheumatic pains in the arms and was de-
lighted with its curative effect. I cheer-
fully testify to the benefit I received from
the pellets."
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in 1 to 3 hours, and cures in a few,
days. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure ' positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom- 5
ach trouble. Price. 25 cents. " '
Munyon „ Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25 cents.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops couphs, I
night sweats, allays soreness ana speedily...
heals the lungs. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures,
pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
forms of kidney disease. Price, 25 cents. ..*
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
ache in three minutes. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively cures
all forms of piles. Price. 25 cents.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im- .
purities of the blood. Price, 25 cents. ••
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon
to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Remedies relieve in 3 '
minutes and cure permanently. Price. $1. ;
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure— price "25c— eradicates *
the disease from the system, ana the Ca-
tarrh Tablets— price 25c— cleanse and heal
the parts.
Mnnyon's Nerve Cure is a wonderful
nerve tonic. Price. 25 cents. ; -
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost vigor.
Price, $1. • ° .*
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, mostly 2f>c a vial. ;"
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 150-5
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease. v
= "'-/'yw'M'jjjy
"Mama has forgotten to
put the lid on the Cocoa box.
- It's so good — I don't want |
the goodness to get out." '
■^ " Most cocoas need no such precaution,' !
■; . the original freshness and "snap " have,
*) like that famous ghost, "vanished In thin
air."
Ghirardelli's
Is FRESH. It's made here on the Coast,
the demand is good and there is little time . S
lost In getting from the factory Id your
table.
IT'S FRESH
KEEP THE LID ON!
Signature Is printed In > r /ft
BLUE diagonally /tfif*^*.
across the /*"*\ : iM* r ■'>■*'"
OUTSIDE | I A^\ g^ m %' : -^' '
wrapper; ' M nil y^ M|l^
-J/J / of every '
1 7 / bottle of
• U, / (the Ori e inal
n _ k}* / and Genuine)
/ fS^f .Worcestershire
SAUCE
As a further protection against
Jail imitations.
'AgMits for the United State*,
JOHN DUNCAN'S 50NS t N. Y.
$J Ww PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECTAiyi-Y— DISEASES OF MEN, INCLUD-
ing all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Ms-
rases. Over 20 y«»ftrs' experience. Book sent free.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Office
Hour*, 9to 3 dally: 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sundays,
10 to 12. Consultation free und sacredly confiden-
tial. Call, or address _ _^ *
P. BOM'OK T ri.TT\ If. »..
26!* Kearnjr Street, «»•» Francinco, Cnl.
GREAT FALLS. MONTANA \
STEAKS FOB ITSELF. A YOUNG CITY
with greater water-power than all the great
watpr-powprs in the United states combined, and
minlne 80 percent of the coal of the State. For
information call upon or write A. T. KYLE, li
JlcKnlght block.THE TRAP-SHOOTERS OUT,
Fanning of the California Wing
Club Makes a Splendid
Record.
HE WON TWO FINE MEDALS.
A Merchandise Prize Contest Brings
Out a Large Number of Shot
gun Experts.
The live pigeon shooters and the inani
mate target sportsmen were out in full
force yesterday at the Oakland racetrack,
and great interest was manifested, cot
only in the club matches, but in the pool
contests that followed. Many shot in both
stands.
The regular monthly shoot of the Cali
fornia Wing Shooting Club drew a large
attendance. T. H. Keller, who recently
arrived from the East in the interests of
an ammunition manufactory, H. McMur
chy of Sacramento and Mr. Johnson shot
ag guests of the club and they made good
scores. The principal event was the
club's rneaal match at twelve birds, twenty
eight yards, unknown traps, bqth barrels
allowed. In this match quite alJumberof
lost birds died out of botMids. In this re
spect Haight was particularly unfortunate,
losing three birds, which were hit hard
and dropped dead just over the fence.
However, it broke what would have been
a good score. The best work of the day
was done by Fanning, who not only killed
all of his birds, but he dropped each with
the tirst barrel, and did not once have oc
casion to pull his second trigger. The
club scores were as follows:
Robinson :1 1012112100 I—9
#»>Kht. 2 1111000110 1-8
>"nntng 1 1111111111 I—l 2
>«-udner 1 1111111111 0-11
Olade 1 10 a 11001111— 9
Nauman 2 1311111121 0-11
F. \ernon .....1 01001120111—8
1. H. Keller 2 2 1112 12 12 1 2—12
H. McMurchy 2 11111 a 1122 I—l 2
H. Vernon 2 2011112112 o—lo
Wagner -..1 llOlilvslll o—lo
Rose 0 0200000112 1— 5
Johnson ; 11100222 20 12—9
■Liddle :....l Oil 2 21 a 112 0-10
H. C. Golcher 1 21212101010— 9
Andrews 2 112 1120 2 21 2—ll
Fay : 2 2 111112120 2-11
As seen, Fanning won the medal, and
he took $10 but of the purse. Feudner,
Nauman, Andrews and Fay, who made
eleven kills, divided the second and third
money.
The next event was a ten-bird pool, $5
entrance. Robinson and McMurchy made
a clean score of 10, Keller 9 and James and
Maksey withdrew.
The third event was similar to the last.
The scores were: Robinson 9, McMurchy
9, Keller 9, Feudner 18, Fanning 9, Kose 6,
James 8.
Several other pool matches were shot
during the afternoon.
Near by the inanimate-target shooters
held forth in large numbers. The medal
shoot of the Olympic Gun Club at twenty
five bluerocks, unknown angles, resulted
in the annexed scores being made :
White 19, Allen 1.5, W. Golcher 18, Hughes
18. Bekeart 20, F. Feudner 16, McMahon 18,
Street 11, Poole 12. Jackson 18. Owens 18,
Liddle 18, O. Feudner 21. Haight 17, Nauman
19, H. Golcher 19, H. Vernon 15, Fanning 21,
F. Vernon 15.
Back fcores were shot off with these results:
BekenrtUO. W. Golcher22, McMahon 14, Street
17, Poole 14, Jackson 20, F. Vernon 15, Mc-
Mahon 20, Street 9, Hynea 16.
Fanning and Feudner of the champion
class tfea on twenty-one breaks. In shoot
ing off the tie the former won the medal.
.Bekeart won the first-class medal and
Hughes the second-class medal.
following the club shoot was a free-for
all merchandise prize shoot by Clabroug h
<£ Golqher, in which there was a large en
trance. The conditions were twenty-five
bluerocks at unknown angles. The follow
ing Dreaks were made:
H. Vernon 15, Haight 18, Wagner 11, Fan
ning 14, Karney 15, Klevesahl 12, Smith 6,
Allen 18, Forster 14, Murdock 18, Andrus 9,
Brightman 10, Bekeart 12, Robertson 12,
Bruns 18, Edgar Forster 15, Javet 8, Owens 12,
Kerrison 11, Magnire 10, Roberts 7, Hynes 9,
Nauman 8, Price 7, Hughes 11, F. Feudner 13,
Shaw 19, Slade 14, Johnson 15, Southerland 8,
Drinthouse 11, Clark 10, Coffin 15, Clabrongh
11, Fischer 12, Fanning 18, O. Feudner 17,
Nauman 16, White 13, M. Allen 12, McMahon
12, W. Golcher 15, F. Vernon 12, Liddle 11,
Jackbon 14, Roosl3, H. Wagner 8.
As nine prizes were offered the highest
prizes were shot off on freezeout. The
winners are here given:
Shaw won the first prize on 19 breaks;
second, prize, ties on 18, won by Haight on a
freez-jout; third prize taken by O. Feudner on
17 ; fourth j.me won by Nauman on 16; fifth
prize, ties on 15, won by W. Golcher on a
freezeout; sixth prize, ties on 14, won by blade
on a ireezeout; seventh prize, ties on 13, won
by F. Feudner on a freezeout; eighth prize,
tfeson 12. won by McMahon on a freezeout;
ninth prize, ties on 11, won by Liddle on a
ireezeout.
The remainder of the day was spent in
pool shootin£ ;
THE HANDBALL COURTS,
Great Interest Manifested in the
Coining Championship
Match.
A Number of Exciting and Closely
Contested Games Played
Yesterday.
Gr§at interest is being manifested in
handball circles in the match to be played
next Sunday afternoon in the San Fran
cisco court between J. Harlow and John
Kiordan for the coast championship.
Riordan held the championship for some
years. About a year ago Harlow chal
lenged him, to play for the championship
and $50 a side and deposited $20 with The
Call. Riordan failed to cover the amount
and Harlow claimed the championship,
which. he has held since then.
The wish has always been expressed by
friends of both men that they should play
a match to settle who was really entitled
to the position of champion, and it will
come off next Sunday afternoon. Both
are in active training for the event and
each feels confident of success.
Yesterday there was a large attendance
at each of the courts. At the San Fran
cisco court the principal attraction was a
match between P. T. Donnelly, the ama
teur champion, and R. Linehan and Har
low. thecoast champion, and J. Feeney.
Each of the five games was stubbornly
contested and the final was won by Don
nelly and Linehan by live aces.
At the Union court the event of the day
was a match between J. J. Feenev and
Terry McMauus and R. Linehan and J.
Rodgers, the two former winning the finai
game by only one ace. Next Sunday af
ternoon, commencing at 1 o'clock, Don
nelly, the amateur champion, and T. F.
Bonnet will play R. Linehan and J. J.
Feeney, the crackajacks of the court,
which will be a match well worth seeing.
Following were the games played yes
terday:
San Francisco court— J. Rodgers and M. Mc-
Neil played If. Manion and G. McDonald, ana
each side won a rub. J. White and M. Edwards
defeated R. Murphy and W. Stansbury, 21—6,
13—21, 21—14. J. Collins defeated W. Stans
bury ai.d M. Edwards, 21-15, 10—21,
21—9. D. Mithoney and C. Curiey tieieated
F. o'Neil and J. Sullivan, 21—13. 19—21, 21—
8. W. Stansbury and J. O'Meara flefeuted J.
Mitchell and M. Edwards, 21—8, 17—21 21—
13. J. Biordan and J. Kearney played X. F.
Bonnet and G. Hutchinson and each side won
a game. P. T. Donnelly, the amateur cham
pion, And R. Linehan defeated J. Harlow, the
coast champion, and J. Feeney, 21—14, 21—17,
13-21, 9-21, 21— 16.
Union court— J. White and P. McGuire de
feated J. Collins and R. Murphy, 21—18, 21—
17. J. Howard and Ed Kannary defeated S.
Fay and W. Kehoe. J. Norris and O. Hendry
defeated Professor Lynch and C. Johnson, 21—
16,21—19. Dr. I. H. Huuhes and R. Patter
son defeated William Phillips and P. Sullivau,
21—17, 21—15. 21—19. John Kennedy de
feated Eddy Greany, 21—18, 17—21, 21—17,
19—21, 21—16. J. O'Donnell and Ben Chap
man defeated T. Linehan and T. Jordan, 21—
19, 21—10, 21—11. J. J. Feeney and Terry
McManus defeated R. Linehan and J. Rodgers,
19-21. 21-17, 21-19, 18-21, 21-20.
WONG SAM ARRESTED.
The Chief "Witness Against Dick Wil
liams Agiin in the
Toil*.
Wong Sam was arrested Saturday on a
complaint sworn out by LouiToom, charg
ing him with forgery.
The accused claims that he is being per
secuted by Richard S. "Williams, the Cus
torn-nouse inspector, now under indict
ment on four different counts by the
United States Grand Jury.
Wong Sam is the chief witness asainst
Wiliams. The latter had him arrested for
aiding in the landing of a Chinese girl,
Dong Sun Yet, for immoral purposes, but
the United States Grand Ju/y dismissed
the charges.
Now Williams is after Wong Sam again.
He wants him out of the way, as Sam will
give damaging testimony against Wil
liams, who must answer the charges of
conspiracy and bribery. Wong Sam was
released on $3000 bail.
CRICKET ON TWO GROUNDS
Both Matches Are One-Sided,
Particularly the Alameda-
California.
At Alameda the Bohemians Were
Badly Beaten by the Pacific
Eleven.
Neither of the cup cricket matches
played yesterday could be called particu
larly interesting. At Alameda the Bohe
mians, minus their regular captain, Wil
liam .Robertson, met the Pacifies. Cap
tain George Theobald of the latter club,
winning the toss, sent bis opponents in.
They were disposed of for a total of 59
runs, to which Martin, with 21, was the
only considerable contributor. The Pa
rities then faced the bowling of Cookson
and Reynolds. Pocock was the first to do
any scoring, and put up a somewhat
lucky 27. Up to the fall of the seventh
wicket the result hung in the balance.
Then Cassidy settled matters by hitting
up a timely 23, not out. lAt the tenth
wicket the telegraph board registered 104.
In their second essay the Bohemians only
managed to score a puny 28, thus leaving
the Pacifies victorious by an inning and 17
runs. The fiaiding features of the game
were Tiedemann's catch of Reeves ana
Young's catch of Reynolds. The scores:
BOHEMIANS— FIB6T HOM
Dr. Bowhlll b. Casidy 7
F. A. Coles c. Harbour b. Casidy 0
E. A. L. Smith 1. b. w. b. Caaidy 4
O. Pollock b. Casidy 0
A. D. Reynolds c. Tiedemann b. Casidy 11
L. B. Martin b. Pocock 21
V. I*. Irwin a Hufferdine b. Pocock 7
W. Reeves c. Tiedemann d. Pocock 4
H. H. Cookson, run out , 2
A. K. Aitken, not out 0
Extras 3
Total .......i.'... .......... 69
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
Cnsldy. . .-. :'.r. ;.v:79 - • 32 • ■ ■ "V • ' 5
Hufferdine 90 17 6 o
Pocock. .; 18 ,7 0 3
PACIFIC*.
J. Myers b. Cookson 8
W. Young b. Reynolds 1
H. Pocock b. P0110ck.....; 27
G. Theobald c. and b. Reynolds 6
K. A. Mutch, run out. 1
J. H. Harbour, run out 5
J. J. Theobald c Cookson b. Reynolds 1
J. B. Brooks 1. b. w. b. Reynolds 7
H. C Casidy, not ou: 23
T. J. A. Tiedemann b. Pollock. 8
G. Huflerdlue, run out 7
Extras. '.'.'.'.'.'.. 16
Total 137
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Bulls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
Reynolds...-. 91 47 1 4
Cookson 96 29 2 1
Pollock ......54 10 5 a
Coles 18 3 1 0
BOHEMIANS— SECOND INNING.
Martin Casidy 0
Smith b. Hufterdlne „ 5
Bowhlll c. Pocock b. Casidy... " la
Poilock. run out .. .".....' '" 0
Reynolds c Young b. Casiay "!*.'.'" 0
lrwin b. Hnn'erdine '.. y
Coles c. Myers b. Casidy " 0
Reeves b. HulTerdtne. 3
Cookson 1. b. w. b. ilufl'erdine o
West, not out... ' 3
Musgrove b. C&sldy 0
Extras. 4
Total ..""££
BOWLING ANALYSIS. .;;"•%••■
.Balls. Buns. Maidens. Wickets.
Casldy 55 14 . 2 6
Hufferdine 48 10 2 4
Owing to the absence of the best Califor
nia players the contest between that club
and the Alamedas at Golden Gate turned
out a veritable farce. Alameda lost the
toss and were put in. With the loss of only
four wickets a total of 224 runs was com
piled and then Captain Hogue called the
mninj:. The scorers were Moriarty, who,
after a let off early in the fight, put up 68;
Price, who played a good inning of 84, and
Bird, with 36, not out— extras 14. Towns
ley, Guild, Banner and Gelatly bowled
against them.
The Californias then went in and were
dismissed, first for 59 and then for 99 runs,
no individual particularly distinguishing
himself. The Alameda bowlers were
Ward Sr., Ward Jr., Peel, Driftield and
Bragg, the last named accomplishing the
"hat trick" for the second time this sea
son. Result, a victory for Alameda by an
inning and 66 runs.
BOVAED TO YOUNG MEN.
Yesterday's Address at the Y. M. C. A.
Events That Will Follow.
The Rev. W. S. Bovard of Trinity Meth
odist Church addressed a meeting yester
day afternoon at the Y. M. C. A.
His theme was "I Believe." He said
that the faculty of faith by which we be
lieve is the most important of human fac
ulties.
Next Sunday afternoon the Rev. Alex
ander Patterson, an evangelist from Chi
cag , will Hpeak before the young men
upon the subject "A Young Man to Young
Men."
This evening a charity concert, partici
pated in by well-known local talent, is to
be given in the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium
under the auspices of the King's Daugh
ters of Franklin Presbyterian Church to
buy a place for an old lady in the King's
Daughters' Home for Incurables.
EPISCOPAL CONVENTION.
Annual Meeting of the lHocene of Cali
fornia at Grace Church.
The annual convention of the Protestant
Episcopal Church of the Diocese of Cali
fornia will assemble to-morrow (Tues
day) morning at Grace Church at 11
o'clock.
Several hundred clerical and lay dele
gates are expected, and there will be a
great gathering of churchmen.
Bishop Nichols will celebrate the holy
eucharist, and Rev. E. J. Lion of this City
will preach.
Alter service the convention, presided
over by Bishop Nichols, will meet for
business, then adjourn for luncheon to the
Occidental Hotel.
The convention will bo in session for
several days.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 4, 1896.
CUTTING THE BLACK RING
Strecker Again Leads the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club's
Shooters.
THE TURNERS' CLOSE SCORE.
Glindemann and Ulschig Tie for First
Honors — Two Military
Matches.
For the fourth time this year Adolph
Strecker has carried off the honors of the
California Schuetzen Club shoot. He
made a score of 444. On his first ten shoots
he made 229, and this score W. Glinde
mann tried to tie with a double rest. Giin
dermann shot but seven times, however,
and then stopped as his task was hopeless.
Strecker's ten shots were: 25.25,22,22,
22, 24, 24, 18, 23, 24. Glindeman's seven
shots were : 21, 21, 25, 20, 22, 20, '21. Ten
dollars changed hands on the result.
Strecker's second ten shots were: 21,20,
23, 21, 20, 24, 23, 19. 23, 21.
The shoot of the Turner Shuetzen sec
tion was closely contested by Otto Utschig
and William Glinderaann. The men tied
on 69, but Utschig was given first prize be
cause his score creedmored Glindemann's.
Company Hof the First Infantry, N. G.
C, held Its monthly shoot, mainly for the
classitication of the men. It is a new
shooting company and the scores show re
markable promise. Company D of the
Fifth Infantry also held a good shoot. The
scores were as follows:
The California Schuetzen Verein:
First champion— A. Strecker 444, J. Utschig
429. Second champion— C. Thterbach 418. A.
Burme later 415. First class— P. Bohr 411, J. F.
Robinson 410. Second class— o. Bruner 451,
A. Gehret 415. Third class— J. C. Waller 392,
J. Straub 391. Fourth class— T. Archer 395,
J. B. Turner 3tts. Best first shot, R. Finking,
25. Best last shot, J. c. Waller, 24. Cudets,
first class, O. Beubold, 357.
The Turners' shoot gave these scores:
A. Utschig 69, W. Glindemann 69, J. Utschig
64, L. Brune 64, H. Enge 63. P. Jacoby 62, O.
Burmeister 61. P. Brunotte 60. F. C. Muller
60, H. Stettin 59, J. Straub 59, R. Finkin* 56,
C. Rudolph 56, Captain Attlnger 55. C. Niel
son 54. Lieutenant F. Kommer 52, J. Sablatt
50, L. Lang 47, W. Xolden 45, J. Gassner 42, F.
R. Sorich 42, Captain C. K. Zimmer 40, D.
Scbonfeld 40, H. Tecklenberg 38, J. Constan
tine 37, C. Sagehorn 37, A. Brehm 29, J. Kis
tenmacher 26, J. Glindemann 2t>.\V. Straub 24,
D. Davidson 23, 11. Stieber 23, W. Schaumlettel
18. W. SchmaUlein 17, F. Tecklenberg 13, J.
Castor 9, L. Markus 8, Charles Kommer 7, Phil
Gretsch 6, C. Vath 6, L. Schonfeld 4.
Company H's shoot had the following
result:
Company H, First Infantry— T. C. Muller,
45and42; A. Ehrenpfort, 45 and 43; Davis.
13 and 39; Broderick, 45 and 39; Jackson, 38
and 38 ; O'Connor, 38 and 38 ; Captain Warren,
35; Callon, 30 and 31; Furnary, 40 and 29;
Zelinsky, 34; Cisner, 20; Sergeant O'Brien,
36; Nicholas, 26; Johnson 30; Desmond, 28;
Bracken, 30; Schniedrr, 11 and 18; Swift, 23
and 29; Gibson, 13; Kelly, 43; Sergeant Car
roll, 35.
Company D's scores were:
Company D, Sixth Infantry— J. Dawson 47,
A. Boyers 46, M. Riter 45, T. J. Fallon 44, N.
Vanderbilt 43, F. J. Jacobs 43, J. Smith 43, J.
Mulbern 42, W. L. T. Butterworth 42, P.
Treantre 42, J. F. Robinson 42, T. S. Archer 41,
H. Muihern 40, F. J. Murray 40, J. Burlin 40,
L.Johansen 40, Captain Elliott 39, D. Martens
39, S. Eden 39, J. Greever 39. E. Gardner 39,
F. Hoffer 39, J. Reilly 38. R. Walsh 38. A. \
Smith 37, N. Einhoff37, D. Murch 37, Geonre
Donahue 3«, D. McCaniish 30, V. Hoxie 36, V.
Clarke 35, J. Schlosser 35, H. Iverson 35, P. H
McCormack 35, H. Dawiey 35.
There was also a shoot of the Eintracht
Schuetzen section, which resulted as fol
lows:
ChamDion class, Charles Gumbell42B; first
class, Th. Binuer 432; second class, Charles
Schrader 417; third class, C. Suhntedt422;
best first first shot, Charles Yon Hardwig 25;
best last shot, L. Schmidt 25.
AT SHELL MOUND.
Good Scores Mads With Target
Plstols-MlHtary Marksmen's
Monthly Records.
The fifty-shot pistol match between
Smith, Carr and A. H. Pape did not take
place at the Shell Mound ranee yesterday.
It was discovered that Carr's trigger had
been worn down by use; that it was lighter
than the regulation two-pound pull, and
there wai no way then to stiffen it. How
ever, several matches were shot for small
purses. In the iirst, a th:rty-shot event,
the scores in strings of ten, on the Colum
bia target, were: Carr 42, 42, 47; F. O.
Young 51, 50, 52; J. fi. Gorman 58, 63, 50.
A. H. Pape shot two strings of ten and
made 55, 52.
Another pool match took place, in which
some excellent shots were made, especially
by Gorman. One string of ten, equaling
33, beat the best run on the coast, the in
dividual shots being 4, 2, 5, 3, 3, 1, 1,2, 8,
4. The scores of the whole were: Pane
56,56,45,36,65; total 258. Young. 66, 64,
62, 62, 65; total 319. Gorman, 53, 61,55, 33,
50; totai 252.
There were not many rifle-shooters on
the range and it was well they stayed away,
for the clouds made the light very poor.
The companies and scores were as follows:
Company A ot the First, monthly medal
shoot— Captain Connolly 30, First Lieutenant
Ballinger 35, Second Lieutenant Broderick 20,
Corporal Dunnlgan 23, Cunningham 12,
Rogerson 42, Corporal O'Donneh 9, Donegan
23, Warren 11, Robbin 39, White 4, Laws 22
Lieb 29, McGurreti 21, Weatherby 17, Rahill
26, Cohn 14, Leonard 40, Harlow i 9, Casey 35
Hogan 34, Fay 23, Roirerson 37, Donahue 36*
Costilla 26, Strouse 28, J. Murphy 31, F.
Murphy 33, Sergeant Harrington 19, Leahy 20
Smith 39. '
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot-
Charles Lindecker 38. P. D Butt 29, H. Tonne
macher 28, H. Bishop 17, Corporal J. Staude
Jr. 39, Lieutenant H. Beverson 30, J. A. Stane
25, H. Staude 39. if. J. Schwab 0, H. Beckman
34, Sergeant H. Schlichmann 35, Sergeant F
M. Zeislng 43, Sergeant H. Wilkins 7.
First Division Naval Battalion, monthly
medal shoot— Krider 38, Nelson 31, Luderman
39, Tausslnt 36, Quinlan 37, Peters 33 O
Smith 29, Burke 39, Wisemau 32, Murphy 36*
NO TRACE OF RYAN.
The Defaulting Treasurer Continues to
Succennfull y Kvitde the Surety
Company's Detectives.
Ed Morris, proprietor of the Popular
saloon on O'Farrell Btreet, which was
formerly owned by Ryan, the defaulting
treasurer and insurance solicitor, said yes
terday that he had also been victimized to
the extent of $300.
"Mr. Ryan," he said, "has never been a
partner of mine; he merely secured a
lease of this place, but he was really a
figurehead. Last Monday I paid or
rather loaned him $250, because I saw that
he was in trouble. I did not know at the
time that he was a defaulter."
"Are you not a member of the court?"
asked the reporter.
"Yes, but we always trusted Harry, and
we were secured also, you know."
On being interrogated further Mr. Mor
ris said ha believed Ryan was yet in the
Ci; y, volunteering the information that he
thought he was in hiding in the vicinity
of his borne, 537 Minna street.
The executive council of Acme Court
met last night and was disposed to view
Ryan's defalcation with leniency as the
bonds of the Pacific Surety Company
would cover all losses.
The detectives employed by the Pacific
Surety Company have not as vet been able
to lind the slightest trace of Ryan. His
former residence, 537 Minna street, is
closely watched, because of a report that
the double defaulter was in hiding in the
neighborhood.
Tiie exact amount of money secured by
the solicitor and treasurer is not definitely
known. Acme Court is out at least $500,
witn every probability that the sura wili
be materially increased when all the out
standing bills are in.
His partner in the Popular saloon, 131
O'Farrell street, is also out a similar sum.
Brown, Craie & Co. have not yet figured
up their losses, but enough was discoveied
yesterday to show that Ryan got away
with at least $1000. There are still a score
or more of outstanding policies yet to be
looked after.
It is said that Ryan borrowed money
wherever he could, his personal friends
being the ones to suffer most. "When
these obligations are considered tne absent
treasurer's debts will not fall far short of
$8000.
.Up to a year ago Ryan took an active
part in politics, making a lively fight at
that time for the Republican nomination
for Supervisor of the Eleventh District.
REASON AND RELIGION.
The Fastor of the- West Side Church
Talks on This Interesting
Theme.
Rev. W. A. Gardner, pastor of the West
Side Church, preached on "Reason and
Religion" last night. Among other thingi
he said :
"There are a great many people who are
too proud to say they are religious. When
asked the question they will say: 'Me re
ligious? No; I am a man of common
sense. I have too much reason to be re
ligious-reason and common sense do not
go together.' Now, there are thousands
of people in San Francisco who think this
very way. There are many religions, some
of which I do not think are reasonable.
Of them I will not speak to-night."
The speaker then recited several in
stances which had come under his observa
tion where people became disgusted with
religion because some person or persons of
their acquaintance had shown themselves
to be hypocrites. He contended with
those who came witn such complaints
that it was not Christ's religion, but mere
ly the particular beiief of one person.
Yesterday marked the third anniver
sary of Rev. Mr. Gardner's pastorate of
the West Side Church. The society was
organized four years ago and for twelve
months held irregular services in a build
ing on Post street. At the end' of that
time the present edifice on Bush Btreet
near Devisadt>ro was erected. Under Mr.
Gardner's guidance the church has grown
in every way. A new and more commodi
ous building is contemplated.
A FAREWELL BANQUET.
Julius Platshek, a Prominent
Merchant, Honored by His
Friends.
Many of the Well-Known Members of
the Order B'nai B'rith Were Pres
ent to Bid Him Good-By.
Julius Platshek, a well-known merchant
of this City and a prominent member of
the Independent Order of B'ne B'rith, who
recently, on account of ill health, resigned
the office of grand treasurer of the order,
to which position he was re-elected at the
session of the district grand lodge last
January, will leave for a six months' trip
to Europe for the benefit of his health.
He will be accorapaniea by his son.
On last Saturday night he was tendered
a complimentary banquet at the Maison
Riche by a number of friends who assem
bled to bid him good-by, a safe journey
and a speedy return improved in health.
There were seated around the table, at the
head of which was the gnest of the even
ing, Grand President E. I. Wolfe, First
Vice-President M. P. Stein, Second V ice-
President Ed Bare, Grand Treasurer Ben
Harris, Grand Secretary Jacob Levison,
Grand Trustees M. Marcuse, S. Hoch
stadter and Louis Cohen, who compose
the general committee of the district
grand lodge; Marco Platshek, son of the
guest, Dr. Jacoo voorsangfcr.Joseph Roths
child, J. Greenbaum. 1. Harm, J. Lacher,
Henry Schwartz, S. J. Ascheim, H. Block,
Dr. M. S. Levy. S. Baruch and D. S.
Hirshberg.
After the cafe noir had been brought on
Grand President Wolfe assumed tne duties
of toastmaster and offered a number that
were responded to. J. Greenbaum read
telegrams of regret from ex-Grand Presi
dent Abram Jones, who was detained in
Oakland ; and from J. L. Franfclin.who was
in Coronado, but each wished the ex
treasurer godspeed and a pleasant voy
age. After a few remarks by the toast
master, Dr. Voorsanger said that he hardly
thought it necessary to say anything, as
the good wishes baa been expressed by the
presence of the friends of Mr. Platshek
and tha,t carried with it the conviction of
sincerity, which he thought was of more
value than the medicine of physicians
given for the restoration of health. He
spoke of the affection of the son, who goes
with his father on the journey, and said
that such affection as the son has shown
for the father is a good omen. He con
cluded with "God bless you, and may he
watch and care for you and restore you to
us soon sound in health."
Other sneakers were: D. S. Hirshberg,
I. Harris, M. P. Stein, Joseph Rothschild,
Ben Harris, Dr. M. S. Levy, Ed Bare,
Marco Platshack, Jacob Levison, L.
Lacher, H. Enkei, S. Hochstadter, 8. Ba
ruch, M. Marcuse, H. Bloch, 8. J. As
cbeim. At the close the guest of the even
ing expressed his heartfelt appreciation of
the compliment paid him, and promised
on his return to work for the best interest
of the order as he had done in the pant.
Mr. Platsbek is held in high esteem by
all who know him, and particularly so by
those who have been in close communion
with him in the charitable work of the
order of which he is an honored mem
ber.
FOR MEMORIAL DAY.
Grand Army Committees Organize and
Make Arrangements.
The memorial day committee of the
Grand Army of the Republic, composed of
delegates from Lincoln, Garlield, Cass,
Meade and Liberty posts, has organized
by the selection of Commander ri. W.
Mortimer, chairman: Colonel J. J. Lyon,
secretary, and H. T. Hobbert, treasurer,
and with toe following sub-committees:
Finance— H. T. Hobbert, W. H. Wharff, R. R
Killgore, C. J. Handlcy, J. H. Riley, J. F. Gogl
gin and F. H. Mass.
Parade— C. J. Handley, W. F. Howe, P. H
Mats, W.J. Park, H. L. Barker, J. H. Riley'
James Kiernan, Crawford.
Decorations— H. T. Hobbert, J. F. Goggin, G
H. Stevens, T. H. Hilton, Johu O'Neill, J g
Crawford and W. H. Wharff. ' '
Programme printing— R. R. Killgore, P. H
Mass, George H. Stevens, L. H. Harvey, J. J
Lyon, W. F. Howe, J. 8. French and'j. H
Hilton.
Transportation— J. H. Riley, J. S. French, G
H. Stevens, J. F. Goggin, J. Kiernau, L. S. Har
vey, H. L. Barker, Benjamin Hayes.
The committee meets at its headquar
ters, 320 Hansome street, every Saturday
evening. There will be the usual street
parade of troops of the United States
army, National Guard of California,
Grand Army of the Republic and other
organizations. Literary and other appro
priate exercises will be held at the
I. 0. O. F Cemetery. Pastors of churches
are requested to iiold patriotic services the
Sunday previous to May 30, and citizens
are requested to contribute flowers for use
on Memorial day.
Cantata by Many Voices.
The cantata of the Haymakers will be sung
at Trinity Methodist Church ; corner Sixteenth
and Noe streets, to-morrow i evening. There
will be a chorus of sixty voices . under the di
rection of A. W. Bogart and the following
soloists will take part: - Andrew Bogart Miss
Burgiss, Mr. Williamson and Mrs; Susie Hert-
Mar (•"v^aßßSf
REALTY MARKET REVIEW,
A Large List of Auction Sales
Announced for This
Month.
TIO3 EECOED FOE THE WEEK.
Notable Increase in Amount of Build
ing Contracts Fi'ed in
April.
The real estate market during the month of
April was not as active as in March. If the
weather is favorable this month there will
probably be some increase in the volume of
business. The unsettled weather that has
prevailed for the past two weeks or more has
hurt business to a considerable extent.
FARM MORTGAGES HELD BY SAVINGS BANKS.
Thomas Magee & Sons' Real Estate Circular
issued the Ist of May contains the following
timely article on the subject of farm mort
gages held by savings banks'.
Recent articles In the dally papers are calcu
lated to give the public the impression that
the owners of the farming lands In the agri
cultural counties of the Slate are generally
weighted down with mortgages beyond hope
of extrication; also that the savings banks of
the City have loaned imprudently on such
lands, and that their value has fallen co much
that the security is no longer good.
These Ideas will be dissipated by examina
tion of the following tables, collated from the
report of the State Board of Equalization for
the year 1894 (latest issue) and the report of
the Bank Commissioners for last July.
We have not space for a showing in detail
for all the agricultural counties; hence we se
lect seven counties as typical, where the mort
gage indebtedness is the largest. Four of these
counties are in the San Joaquin Valley, two in
the Sacramento Valley and one on the coast:
Kreano
Merced
etaiilHliui-t
Tularo
riilu-n
Sol nno
Mini I.ulsUblspo
COCNTY.
11,966,717
13,817,011
11,88r>,7U6 1H,i:<6,104
16.827.23u 11,685,706
11,2*21,482 16.K27.236 .
11,221,4821 1,221,482
h S3
: c
ooo o
3.79'V81) 57,297,888
2,667,549 8,8 A
5,423,6bu 2,667,649
5,423,66u 4,044.'J06
27.40
24.00
28.48
29.89
21.87
20.86
60
f9,455,404
8.901,016
4,630,000
6,648. DH3
6,760.21)0
ft
77.20
73.68
6t(. 1
86.30
67.14
71.59
69.64
In no one of tne counties is real estate as
sessed for more than two-thirds of its value.
It follows, therefore,- that the last percentage
given may be reduced one-third.
The second table shows the total mortgages
held by the savines banks of this City in the
seven counties named, with the assessed value
of the security, the real value of the security,
the percentage of mortgages to assessed value
and percentage of the mortgages to the real
value:
Fresno
Merced
Stanislaus
Tulare
Col
Sl.llllMl
].i, I. i
County.
92.487,629 ill
$2,437,620
1,343,461 773,889
1,531,K62 1,343,461
697,171 1,631,}<f>2
1,313.8 V! 4 097,171
1,313.824
1,801,690 f 3,1
1,U»7,027 i. hm;
2,200,617 2,392,213
1,801,690
1,<<37.627
973.858
2,V!0« > 617
Si
• s
8.580,319 54,736,325
'.',702,986 1,676,829
1,460,757 H.580.H1!)
3,309,9V!6 2,702,986
1,460,767 1,680,441
3,309,926
:
• IB
77.20
73.68
66 16
86.00
67.14
71.60
69.64
; (B
61.47
49.00
87.41
66.67
88.09
47.73
89.69
The total loans of our City say ings banks se
cured by mortgages and trust deeds on all
California real estate, city and country alike,
aggregate $72,402,152. From this sum there
is to be deducted loans on city real estate, to
wit: San Francisco, all; Alameda County,
two-thirds; Los Angeles, one-half, and the re
mainder of the counties one-tenth, the aggre
gate being $48,449,248. This will leave $23,
-952,904 as the total amount loaned on country
lands in this State, the seven counties above
named included; but it is to be remembered
that a very considerable percentage of this re
mainder is secured upon lands in the Bay
counties, where there has been but little de
preciation in values, and there can be but
small question there as to abundance of se
curity. The savingß banks carrying loans as
above have assets amounting to $113,657,469.
That some country mortgages inadequately
secured are held by the City banks is beyond
question, but that is the case everywhere, par
ticularly where there bat been a general de
preciation of values. Not every savings bank
loan on San Francisco real estate is to-day well
secured. The margins on country loans have
always been much larger than what has been
demanded in the City, hence they will stand a
larger percentage of depreciation without loss,
and it is a question to-day whether the City
loans of the savings banks average better as to
security than those on farm properties.
The realty of the State of California is
assessed as follows: Land. $715,383,880; im
provements, $244,814,073; total, $960,197,
-953. The mortgages thereon amount to a
total of $218,714,706, or only one-fifth of the
assessed, which is at least 33 per cent be'.ow
the real value. In a footnote the Board of
Equalization says:
''The value of the mortgages in 1894 is 68.27
per cent of the assessed value of the property
mortgaged. The total amount of real estate
and improvements is burdened with mortgages
to the extent of 21 .89 per cent."
There is not, we beiieve, a growing State in
the Union to-day less encumbered by debt.
The need of immense sums of money for de
velopment in this great undeveloped State is a
vital, a pressing, a crying one. The savings
banks of the City, by partially supplying this
need, have made orchards, vineyards, irriga
tion projects and general development possi
ble to an enormous extent, thereby increasing
the wealth of the State three to ten dollars for
every dollar they loaned.
In return for this great work, exercised with
as great care and discretion as it was possible
to adopt, do-nothings here — barnacles on the
■hip oi progress— have criea out that the work
was an unsafe one and the securities bad. If
that is so, San Francisco, which depends on
State progress, will go down in the general
wreck.
The small percentage of mortgage debt to
total value of real estate will be a surprise to
those who have jumped to the conclusiou that
the State is bankrupt. It may be safely as
serted that the people of California have rela
tively the smallest mortgage debt of any State
in the Union.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were ninety-two mortgages recorded
last week aggregating $299,509. The princi
pal ones and the security given were:
By ttao Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society $10,
-000 for oneyear at 6V% per cent on property on
he southeast corner of A street and Xweutj-nmih
avenue, east 197:10, southeast 178:3, west 95,
soutn 60. west 120, north 235; on the northeast
corner of Twenty-ninth avenue »nd B street, north
160, east 240, on the northwest corner ot Pierce
and Golden Gate avenue, west 84:43** by. north
1d7:6: by the same $19,750 for one year at
percent on property on the west line of Larkln
street 80 feet south of California, south 57 by west
lo i •.", and on the northwest corner of Steiner and
butter streets, west 55 by north 100: by the Cali
fornia Title Insurance and Trust Company,
$40,000 for one year at 7 per cent on property on
the east line of Kearny street 68:9 north of
California, north 76:3, east 30, south 7«, east 32:6.
south 8:9, west 62:6, and on the north line of
California street, 20:10 feet west of Webb, west
•S..o£?'. north 68:9: by the same to the same,
if-U.UUO for one year at 7 per cent on property in
the same block, on the northwest corner of Cali
fornia and Webb streets, west 20:10, north 68:9,
west 41:8, north 68:!», east 62:6 awl south 137:6,
*'><* the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
for one year at 6% per cent on property
on the north line of Bush street, 137 feet west of
Hyde, west 68 :9 by north 137:6.
The releases granted last week numbered
fifty-five aggregating $184,547. The larger
oues were:
By the Hioernia Savings and Loan Society to
Henry G. Fiske, $10,000 on property on the north
east corner of Central avenue and Clay street,
north 127:8 V*. east 200:11, south . 27:814, west
6J, south 100, west 150:11; by the same to
Bridget K. Dunne and Mary P. Kucicer (nee
Dunne), 30,000 on property, on the southeast
corner of Buchanan aud Geary streets, east 137:6
by south 206:3; by Andrew B. Metier- to
K. J. Baldwin, 1R20,000 on property on the south
east line of Sievenson street, 275 feet northeast of
Sixth, northeast 137:6 by southeast 75, and by the
same to the same," $10,000 on property on the
southeast line of Stevenson street, 275 feet north
east of Sixth, northeast 137:6 by southeast 70.
There were 114 transfer* recorded last week.
Fifty-five building contracts, the particulars
of which were published each day in The
Call, were filed last week, aggregating $184,
-547. '-. .
AUCTION BALKS.
A good many auction sales have been an
nounced for the month of May, and the offer
ings will be greater than during any mouth
this season.
The first sale to be held will be conducted by
A. M. Speck & Co. on Wednesday of the present
week, May 6. Their catalogue includes a
choice assortment of business properties, in
vestments, tenement property, residences and
building lots.
Easton, Eldridge <& Co. will hold an auction
sale of miscellaneous properties on the 12th.
On the 16th this firm will sell at auction 6ixty
choice residence lots in the Hillegass tract,
Berkeley. On Tuesday, Muv 19, they will offer
the property of the San Francisco Gaslight
Company fronting on Howard, First, Fremont
and Beale streets. This land has been occupied
by the main plant of the corporation for the
past thirty years, but the consolidation of the
two illuminating companies makes this prop
erty unnecessary, and it will be subdivided and
sold for one-quarter cash and the balance in
three equal annual payments. The location is
a very desirable one for manufacturing pur
poses and there will no doubt be many bidders
at the sale.
On May 21 the Pioneer Woolen Mills prop
erty will be sold at auction by Sh&inwald,
Buckbee & Co. TUe Eale is peremptory and
the premises will be sold for cash to the high
est bidder. It comprises five fifty-vara lots,
bounded by North Point, Beach and Polk
streets and Van Ness avenue. There are two
four-story and one three-Btory brick buildings
on the lots. In addition two fifty-vara lots at
the northwest corner of Beach and Polk streets
will be sold at the same time.
Bovee. Toy & Sonntag announce an auction
sale to be held Wednesday, May 20, at which
au assortment of miscellaneous properties will
be offered. Included in the list are the follow
ing : Two-story house and lot, 100x100, on the
corner of Twenty-first ana Eureka streets; lot,
27 :8Wx95 :3, on the southwest corner of Spruce
and Jackson streets; lot, 25x104, with im
provements, on the south line of Twentieth
street, 25 east of Alabama; 510 Taylor street,
house of sixteen rooms, on lot 20x57 :6 ; and
residence and lot 57 :6x105:5, on the west side
of Ashbury street, between Waller and Fred
erick.
On the 14th of May O'Farrell & Co. will offer
at auction the following list of miscellaneous
properties:
The southwest corner of Larkin and Sacra
mento streets, 67:8J4xlOO; improvements
nominal. By order of administrator the south
east corner of Twenty-fourth and York streets,
100x130. It is a business corner, and is en
tirely covered with improvements. A residence
on Pacific Hfights— 26lo WeDster street. A
residence in the park panhandle — 409 Ashbury
street. A building lot on Shotwell 6treet, be
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third. An
executor's sale of property at 310 Tehama
street. An administrator's sale of an improved
piece on the east side of Natoma street 105 feet
north of Fifteenth. A piece of Valencia
street business property between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth streets that is to be sold to close
out undivided interests in an estate.
Two flats on the north side of Twenty-third
street, between Church and Sanchez; k build
ing lot on the north side of Elizabeth street,
west of Douglas; a building lot on the east side
of Devisadero street, south of Waller, and a
residence on Eighteenth street, near Castro.
This same firm will offer on the eveniug of
the 25th 100 lots in the Excelsior Homestead
on the line of the Mission-street cars. Pay
ments will be in monthly installments.
Will E. Fisher & Co. will hold an auction sale
of miscellaneous properties in about two weeks,
the catalogue for which is now beiug prepared,
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
The probate sales made a few weeks ago at
auction by Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. came
up for confirmation last Tuesday in the Pro
bate Court. The sale to J. C- Johnson for $61,
-500 of the three-story and basement brick
building, 517 and 519 Market street, with lot
40x80, went through. So did that of the Mai
son Doree property on Kearny street to H. W.
Hyman for $02,000. The property, 119 and
121 Montgomery street, opposite Occidental
Hotel, was bid in at the sale by J. L. White for
$76,000. This was not deemed enough by the
court, and the bid was increased 10 per cent
by I. Schwartz and was confirmed to him for
$83,600.
The lots on Sacramento and Lyon streets
were advanced, exeppt that on the corner,
37:6x102:8'^, for $3600, those adjoining on
Sacramento street, 25x102:8Vi, being con
firmed at $1650 and ,*1847 50, and one,
127 :8} i feet deep, at $2000. The lot 25x112 :6
on Lyon street was advanced to $1727. The
court refused to confirm the sale of the resi
dence 1212 Mason street, lot 68:9x68:9, with
extra lot 22.11x38:9, although an advance
bid of $7500 was made, being $2500 more than
was offered at the auction sale. Lots 52 and
53, San Miguel Homestead Association, were
confirmed at $300.
The largest transaction of last week was con
ducted by O. F. yon Rhein & Co. It was the
sale to the Bolton heirs of the French Bank
property and other property adjoining there
on. The former is located on the northwest
corner of California ana Webb streets, and
fronts 22:10 on California by 68:9 on Webb.
The consideration was $35,000. It was pur
chased from the McLea estate. The adjoining
property in the rear on Webb street is 68:9 x
62:6 and was owned by Elizabeth L. Urquhart.
The consideration was $20,000. This gives the
Bolton heirs 62:6 feet on California street,
137 :6 on Webb and 76 :2 on Kearny. The en
tire property was mortgaged for $60,000 after
the purchase.
A. M. Speck & Co. have leased for A. W. Wil
son to F. Thrasshler the upper portion of the
new Wilson building on Mission street, near
Fourth. The lease is^orfive years, the rent for
the first year being $250 per month, for the
secona year $275 per month, and for the re
maining three years $300 per month.
The same firm has also leased for Hyman
Brothers to L. Rolet for two years at $300 per
month the rooming-house at the northwest
corner of O'Farrell aud Stockton streets.
Cranston &. Keenan have sold to Michael Kil
day a house on Masonic avenue, near Haight
street, for $6500. They are about to erect
three more houses on the same street, to cost
$19,000.
Bovee, Toy & Sonnta* report the following
sales: Nine-room dwelling and lot, 27:6x92:3,
on the east line of Broderick street. 110 feet
north of Bush, for $8000; house and lot, 32:6
x 114:6, on the east side of Shotwell, 92:6
north of Twenty-fifth, for $4500; house of nine
rooms and lot, 27 ;6x106, on the south side of
Pine, near Devisadero, for $7200; lots 5 and 6,
25x100, in block 81, on California street, 82:6
east of Eleventh avenue, for $900 each, and
106 acres in the McMahan ranch at $115 an
acre.
H. Feige Jr. has commenced the erection of
two cottages on Hampshire street, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second, to cost $2000
each.
Wolfe's Building Review in their building
summary for April shows that 110 contracts
were filed during the month, aggregating
$790,047. It is the largest showing made for
the month of April since 1890. The summary
for the first four months since 1890 is as
follows:
Yeae.
contracts.
Value.
1890..
1891 v
1892
1893
1894
1895
1896
640
448
24 8
286
803
336
337
$3,778,799
■•.'.t>97..'.-.S
1,528.676
1,730.127
1,429,695
1.5.89,121
2,176.941
From the foregoing figures it will be teen
that the present year bids fair to be the most
active one in building circles for several years
and it should serve to stimulate the real-estate
market to a considerable extent.
Baldwin & Hammond's recent sales comprise
the following property at the prices given:
Northwest corner of Laguna street and Birch
avenue. 70x110 feet, for $8500; lot and im
provements on the north side of Fulton street,
165 west of Devisadero, 27:6x137:6, for $4575;
the northeast corner of D street and Thirty
fifth avenue. 120x450, for $3800 ; the south
east corner of Shrader and Waller streets, 35x
100, for $3250; lot on north line of Washing
ton street, 251 feet west of Leavemvortb, 22:11
x 137:6, tor $3400; lot on the north side of
Fell street, ls6 feet west of Fillmore, 25x137:6,
for $3050; lot, 50x120, on the east side of
Twelfth avenue, 150feei north of California, for
$1450; the southeast corner of M street and
Eleventh avenue, 32:6x100, for $600; lot, 50s
120, on the west side of Eleventh avenue. 125
south of Lake street, for #1400; lot and im
provements on the west side of Vermont street,
100 south of Twenty-third, 25x100, for $1400;
lot on the west line of Second avenue, 250 feet
north of Clement. 25x120, for $1050: iot on
the west side of Octavia Btreet, 75 south of:
Union, 31x72, for $1750; lot and improve
ments on the east side of Ritch street, 75 feet
south of Folsom, 25x80, for $1885; the north
east corner of Piae ana Octavia streets, 56x
137:6, with four two-story dwellings, for
$J5,000. The following lota nave Deen sold
recently in the rastro-street Addition : Lot 6,
in block 9, $400; lot 28, in block 4, $400; lot
14, in block 8, $400; lots 9, 10 and 11, in block
8, at $400 each.
DE HIRSCH MEMORIAL.
It Will Be an Invitation Affair— Som
of the Clergymen Who It Was Stated
Will Take Part.
The several grand lodges of the Inde
pendent Order of B'nai B'rith located in
San Francisco were represented by the
president of each at a meeting held yester
day forenoon at the office of Grand Secre
tary Levison.
The meeting was for the purpose of per
fecting the plan for the memorial service
to be held in this City on the Ulst inst. in
respect to the memory of the late Baron
de Hirsch, the famed Jewish philan
thropist. After considerable discussion it
was decided to carry out the plan outlined
at the preliminary meeting held on the
preceding Sunday.
The statement was made that invita
tions had been extended to the clergymen
of all denominations in the City to take
part in the service, and that a number
would a accept, among the numuer the
Rev. Horatio Stebbins, Rev. Father Peter
C. Yorke, Rev. Robert Mackenzie and the
Rev. Jacob Voorsanger. In addition
prominent members of the order I. 0. B.
B. will deliver addresses appropriate to
the occasion,
This wiH be an invitation ceremony, and
the City official^, the Supervisors and mem
bers of the Board of Education will be in
vited to be present. Members of the order
will receive'their invitations through the
secretaries of lodges, while non-members
will receive invitations from the grand
secretary at his office daring business
hours from the 9th to the 16th inst.
Messrs. B. Harris, Asher aud H. Enkel
were appointed a committee to prepare a
musical programme. H. Gutnatft, M.
Arris and Ed Bare were appointed a com
mittee to have B. B. Hall appropriately
draped.
About forty umbrellas and sticks are
handed to the London metropolitan po
lice by cab-drivers every day. A large
number of bags are also left behind— 22so
in the twelve months.
NEW TO- DAT. ,
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGGiOM KID GLOVES.
The Greatest
Of All
SILK SALES!
NO SUCH SILKS,
NO SUCH VALUES,
NO SUCH PRICES
Were Ever Before Offered in
This City.
SILKS
ALMOST GIVEN AWAY.
TAFFETA SILKS
In Choicest Designs,
Most Desirable Colorings, ~
And Magnificent Qualities
AT
I Ob YARD.
Regular Price $1 25 and $1 50 a yard. :
, These are new goods just placed on out
counters, and consist of Beautiful Bro-
cade, Pompadour, Dresden and Persian
Effects, the very latest novelties.
CALL EARLY
Is the advice we give to our regu-
• lar patrons, for at the price these
silks will sell fast.
©TflD ATOUR RIBB N COUN-
uI.Ur IT WILL PAY YOU TO
U I W I DO SO.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED
IWMANILEVB,;
125, 137, 129, 131 Kearny Street. .
BRANCH STOKE— 742 and 744 Market
. . - : -. Street.
THE ADMINISTRATORS SALE
OF THE
BREEDER AND SPORTSMAN
A ND ALL THE CONSISTING OF
-fa. Equipment, Uood-will, Bool; Accounts, etc.,
connected with name, also the Stallion Memo, one
Bay Mare by Memo, one Chestnut Gelding by Sid-
ney and one High-wheel bulkey, has been con-
tinued to
WEDNESDAY, HAY 6, AT 1 O'CLOCK P. M.
Sale to be held at the office of the BREEDER
AND SPORTSMAN, 313 Bush street.
F. W. KELIiKY, administrator Of the estate Of
JAMES P. KKBR, deceased.
VINEYARD FOR SALE
TO 'CLOSE AN EBTATE.
CORTY ACRES OF SEVENTEEN- YEAR-OLD
■ Vineyard situated. one mile south of the
thriving town ot,Sebastopol, Sonoma County,
with a full equipped winery of 60,000 gallons
capacity; underground cellar, etc.; winery
surrounded by 1000 acres of vineyards ; only
one more winery in the section: must be seen
to be appreciated; terminus of railroad one
mile from the ■ place. For further particulars
address E. SCHIRMER.BeIIevue Vineyard,
bepastopol, Sonoma County, CaL
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHARLES H. , PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
VJ law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
910
WEEKLY FRATERNAL NOTES
Activity in an Off Year in Fra
ternal Organizations in
California.
GRAND LODGE HERMANN'S SONS
Increase in the Ranks of the United
Workmen— Entertainment by
the I. 0. of F.
Official Assessment Table.
5= £ 3-
« 2 ° Bb
'. . Name..' II g II
£& g 35
■ » . T _L_i_
A. O. U.W.. 11-1-2-13' May 1 i May 28
Guarantee Fund... 5-6 May 1 May '£8
Royal Arcanum.... 227 May 1 May M
K.&L-ofK 437-38 May 1 May 31
Cnosen Friends.... 260 May 1 May 31
Chosen- Friends.... 261 May 15 June 15
Knights ot Honor.. 467-P-!»-7O May 1 May 31
National Union.... 46-17 April 10 May 10
Knig'tGold'hEasle 123-4 May 1 May «
American L. of H.. | 365 May 1 May 31
Order Kastern Star.
Harmony Chapter initiated several candi
dates last Friday night.
Grand Patron Merritt will visit Golden Gate
Chapter on Thursday next. ,
There will be a visitation tft Ivy Chapter to
morrow night.
Last Monday the grand patron visited Rose
Valley Chapter at Santa Rosa, on Tuesday he
visited Clover Leaf Chapter at Cloverdale and
on Wednesday he was wnh Clear Lake Chap
ter at Lakeport. •
A new. chapter is to be organized at Crescent
City. •
Independent Order Odd Fellows.
Generally during Presidential years there is but
. little activity in fraternal organizations, but this
. year It is different, for there is at this time more
activity thnii u^ual, not only in this City, but in
the State. There has been considerable activity in
• Sargent Lodge, named for the late Aaron A. Sar
gent. At its last held meeting three candidates
'■■ were initiated, the work being very acceptably
performed. Two applications were receive!. Last
■. i'ddaj- night this lodge celebrated its tilth anniver
: - sary by a banquet in the Baldwin Hotel, more
.; than a hundred members being present. It was an
' event that w.as enjoyed by all present. During the
evening Past Grand John Greenlees, the"drnlmas
ter" of the lodge, was, on behalf of the members,
presented by Past Grand Qeoige W. Dixon with a
pair of beautiful embiematic sleeve buttons, in
recogni lon of the valuable work he has done on
■ behalf of the lodge. The presentation speech and
the reply were both appreciated.
'I he twentieth annual meeunp of the Veteran
Odd Fellows' Association will be held in this City
' on the ll:h inst.. wtieu officers for the ensuing
year will be elected. On the following evening the
twentieth animal banquet will be given in the M.
Nicholas Hotel. Great preparations are being
made forrhls event and unless the plans of the
commu.e 1 of arriuuni;ei:ts go wrong this will be
one of the successes of the season.
The five lodges of district 68 held a meeting in
Memorial Hall last Monday. There was a large
attendance. W. W. Watson presided and an ex
cellent programme was presented. W. H. Barne*.
P; a. M., delivered a very entertaining address and
during the evening L. C. Marstou, D. D., was pre
sented a handsome gold jewel emblematic of his
rank, pa^t ::rand. by R, L. C. Barnes. At The close
of the programme there was a good time at a col
lation.
A special session of the Grand I.odue was he^d in
San Jose on last Friday night. Among those pres
ent were Grand Master Gosbey, Grand secretary
Shaw and Grand Herald M. P. Forbes.
Oriental Encampment is showing a great deal of
activity of late.
Orand Patriarch Reid will visit as follows: To
night at stoc4tton, lone City to-morrow n ight, Gut
ter Creek Wednesday, Gait on Thursday, Vallcjo
Friday, and Napa on Saturday.
The seventy-seventh anniversary of the found
ing of the oraer in the United states was generally
observed throughout this State. The lodges of
Alameda County will celebrate the event by a
grand picnic and games In Niles Canyon next
Wednesday. The oration will be delivered by
Past Grand Master Bernes.
The arrangements for the Benefit for the Or
phans' Home to be given in the Columbia Theater
on the 14th inst. are all complete. For this cause
there ought to be a crowded hous •■.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
During April there was paid to beneficiaries
$54,000.
•On Thursday Valley Lodge will confer the junior
workman degree on three candidates.
The anniversary entertainment given by Valley
Lodge las: Wednesday was attended by a large
number of people. The programme presented was
one of unusual excellence.
The following lodges report applications for
membership during the month of April: Alarm-da,
Alvarado, Antioch, Forest (Forest City), Manza
nita (Forest Hill), Yosemite (Fresno), Los Gatos.
Monterey, Fortune (Xapa), Nevada City, Oak
Grove (Oakdale). Oak Leaf ana Keystone (Oak
land), Pacific Grove, Pasadena, Northera Light
(Pokecamma'i. Bedding, Union (Sacramento).
Point Lome (San Diego). Memorial, Triumph, San
Franci.ico, Friendship, Burns, Franklin, Harmony
and Golden West (San Francisco), Enterprise and
Mt. Hamilton (San Jose), San Rafael, Ventura,
Mt. Diablo (Walnut Creek). Hearts of Oak (West
Berkeley), Wilmington.
The banner voted to Go.den West Lodge for hav
ing in tiated the largest number of candidates dur
ing 1895 win be presented •» that lodge about the
middle of the current month by the grand officers
with appropriate ceremonies.
The "hall of the A. O. U. W. in Oakland will be
dedicated on Wednesday night by Grand Master
Workman Vinter and tha grand officers, tne
housewarming being under the auspices of Ivy
Lodge,' Degree of Honor.
Sliver 8. ray Lodge, Degree of Honor, will give
an entertainment in Shiels' building on Wednes
day evening next.
The Mofulllans will meet in Shiels 1 building
this evening.
The Workmen's Guarantee Fund has levied two
assessments for April— the first double assess
ment in many months.
The Illinois or s;ep plan In operation in the Illi
nois jurisdiction since last July has been adopted
by the Grand Lodge of New York.
Handsome lithographed certificates to be issued
to deputies are being prepared. These documents
will be worth framing.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
A new court has been organized at Point Arena
by J. B. Saniord, H. C. D.
A no.t her court will be organized in this City on
Thursday next.
High Court Junior Woodward Dr. E. O. Case
was in tbe City las'. Saturday in attendance upon
the executive council.
During the session of the Subsidiary High Court
at Ckiah the Cloverdale band will visit that city
and will assist the I'kiah band at a benefit enter
tainment io be given there.
Olympia Circle, C. O. F., gave a pleasant social
on Saturday evening.
l_ast evening German-America Circle, Compan
ions of the Forest, gave a calico par.y In Cnion
square hall which was well attended. This circle
which works In the German lauguaie, Ims the
reputation of giving very entertaining parties
and the one lam evening helped to maintain that
reputation.
Forester* of America.
Last Monday evening Grand Secretary Bremer,
assisted by Deputies James Healing, J. Newman
and R. C. ftchnacht and the officers of Court lone,
instituted Court JacKson at Jackson. Amador
County, with appropriate ceremonies. This court
has- fifty-eight charter members. After tbe Insti
tution and installation all sat down to a grand
banquet. The following named were installed as
the officers: Dr. B. H. Scbacbi, J. P. C R.;
Ktephen Angove, C. B. ; Joseph Mello, S. C. R.;
Alfred Goldncr. T ; C. B. Ranno, F. S. ; F. V San
glnetti, R. s.; William Charleton. S. W.; A.
Schutz, J. W.| W. R. Williams, H. B. : Martin
Claicb. J. B. : trustees— M. Scatini. James Cook
and Robert Kills; Dr. B. H. Schacht. physician;
Alfred Goldper, druggist; H. Goblsii. organist.
A goodly number of the members of the order
paid a visit last Tuesday 10 Court Alisal of Piean
anton to witness the very perfect manner in which
the initiatory work is performed io tnat court.
There were present delegations from Court Niles,
Court Hay wards and from Court Mount Diablo of
Danville, ana t rank Lewi* of the visited court, was
chairman. After the closing of tbe court the visi
tor* were entertained.
Independent Order of Foresters.
Last Wednesday evening Court Diana gave a
v»ry pleasing entertainment in Social Hall, Alca
zar building, and it was listened to by a large
audience. An overture by Newman's Band was
followed by tbe singing of "Ben Bolt" by Maud
Heywood, a bright little girl. Professor Bert
chinger gave a piano solo, the beauty of which,
like the one given by Miss Pearl Atkins, a pupil of
Jrving Institute Conservatory of Music, was lost
by reason of the piano being out of tune. Tuts
piano has done so much service in this hall that
those who have charge of it should calt the instru
ment in. A son of Colonel Ballart gave a very ac
ceptable solo on the violin ami Fred He«u ren
dered a vocal solo, ••Anchored. ■ in n manner that
won him much applause. This was follouert by
the address of tbe evening by Cnarles S. Perry
high councilor of California. It ,vas an InteresV
ine exemplification of Forestry from the stand
point of the Independents, and, ih v.v hi. ad
dress was long, it was not tiresome, for! it was full
of good points, some of which instructedand others
amused. He spoke of the insurance feature of the
order, and, while he did not deride other fraternal
organizations in the good work In which they are
engaged, he expressed the opinion the plan of the
I. < i. K. is better than any other.
G. A. McElfresh, the high chief rancer. who was
supposed to be up In tbe northern part of the
state, entered tne room and wus called upon for
»n address. He spoke a few cheering words and
then told of the presentation spe. eh he made at
tbe convention of Independent Foresters held In
London, Kng., when, on behalf of the jurisdiction
of California, he presented that body with a hand
some flag. Then there was a song t>y Miss Hnuser;
a recitation. "Bowser and the Chipmunk," by Miss
Grace Hayes: an effective rending by *red Head,
aqd a recitation, "Papa's Letter," by a little tot
named Lily Holmes. After that the floor was
cleared and dancing was kept up for some time.
Chief Hanger Fred Miller was the master of cere
monies, and Thomas Williams, C. D. H. C. EL, J.
M. Coleman. L. Ballart. C. Oectli and L. Metter
composed the committee on reception. A result
of this open meeting was the addition of a number
of names to the list of applications for member
ship.
At Its meeting on Thursday night this court re
ceived a number of applications, admitted a mem
ber by card and passed a vote of thanks to High
Councilor Perry for bis masterly effort of the pre
vious evening.
Knijrlits of Pythian.
During the month of April Koiua Lodge mc
cr-asedr-ased its memnership by seven. San Jose Di
vision 8 celebrated Mayday by a grand ball on lust
Friday,
Grand Chancellor Samuels instituted Los Ange
les Lodge 206 at Los Angeles last Tuosdas'.
It is probable that on next Saturday the grand
tribunal will meet In the oSiceof the grand keeper
of records and seals.
Lily Lodge of Sissons, Plskiyou County, recently
lost all its property by fire, but the loss was not a
total one, as the effects were insured. A fratenal
hall is to be built at that place to be occupied by
this lodge and by other organizations.
There was a xood attendance nt the Tivoli last
Thursday on the occasion of the benefit tendered
by the Protective and Benevolent Order of Elks
to T. C. Leary. In the audience there were a
great many Knights of Pythias.
Mars Lodge, composed of members of the Fifth
Artillery Regiment. U. S. A., that has gone to se
quoia and Yosemite paries for patrol duty, on
last Thursday gave a smoker in Pythian Castle to
their comrades in arms of the cavalry branch of
the service, who are also fellow kni»;bts. It was a
very enjoyable affair.
Col. K. C. Dunn, surceon of the Ca:ifornia Rri-
Bade, assisted by Major N. P. Justy and sir
Knights from Fresno, instituted Ilarf ird Division
onthe'Ju'dot April. The otHcers who were in
stalled in this division are K. W. Muscrave, cap
tain: H. f. Hendricks, first lieutenant: J. \V. Bur
t>erk. second Lieutenant : F. M. Goodri.-li, recorder,
B. H. ttarney. Treasurer: M. P. Lescher, guard:
A. M. Squire, sentinel.
Knights and Lactic* of Honor.
Aurora Lodge will give a social on the evening
Of the 18th and it promises to be a pleasant affair,
as this lodge has become fumed for its entertain
ments.
Oakland Lodge is arranging a reception to
Grand I'rotei tor I". A. LauJer.
Assessments 437 and 438 have been levied for
May.
The Knighta of Honor.
Last Thursday evening Fortuna Ixx'gp gave a
social at 20 Kday street that draw tiiere a larce
number of members and their friends and they al!
bhd a pleasant time.
Grand Dictator Archibald has written frou>
Riverside announcing the organization of a new
lodge there.
American Legion of Honor.
Since the proposition of forming an association
of councils was agitated by Bohemian Council
about a momh ago, considerable interest !>nd
activity have been manifested in the councils of the
order, both in this city and in Oakland. There is
a fuller attendance at the meetings and many ap
plicaiions are being received.
At the last held meeting of Alta Council the
treasurer reported the payment to the beneficiary
of a deceased member tNe amount of his certifi
cate in less than sixty days after death.
Turing the first three months of :he current year
628 members were initiated, while during the
same period the year before there were but 2L'B
initiations. This shows that the members of the
order are "up and doing."
Protection and Golden councils, after listening
to an address by Past Supreme Orator 8. \V.
Dixon. Grand Commander Fiibern and other grand
officers on the subject of associated councils for the
promotion of the order, approved the proposition
and named delegates.
Last Tuesday evening Grand Secrrtarv Burton
and Past commander Dundas explained 'the new
plan to Washington Council. Addresses were also
made on the same subject by C. D. Wheat of Bo
hemian Council, H. S. Winn of the silting council,
< 'iinmunder Dross of Protection Council and Com
mander Fltzpatrick of Midwinter Council. The sit
ting council fell into line and named delegates to
the associated councils.
On Saturday the same subject was discussed at a
joint meeting of Metropolis and Mystic councils
and each agreed to name delegates.
Golden Star Council will be visited next Wednes
day evening.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
The anniversary party given last Thursda;
nlgbt by Oro Fino Parlor was a great success.
The event ox theevening was the presentation to
the pnrlor of a handsome silk flag by Grand Presi
dent Miss Bertola. At the conclusion of her pre
sentation speech she was handed a bouquet, ami
when she examined It she found suspended to it a
beautiful gold pin, emblematic of the order.
Grand Secre ary Mrs. (Jf-orgie C Ryan has been
quite busy of late preparing for the session of the
(irand Parlor that Is to meet in Napa on the 9th of
June.
Mrs. Belle Conrad, G. T., is arranging for the or
ganisation of a new parlor in Hay war Is.
A preliminary meeting is to be' held in Oakland
for the purpose of organizing a new parlor.
The Chosen Friends.
Grand Councilor Boebm visited Phoenix and
Crystal councils last week.
Sunset Council will hold an open meeting on
at urday night immediately after illtiating eight
or nine candidates.
The proceedings of the Grand Council which
adjourned on the 16th of April were prepared by
Grand Recorder Wallis. printed and distributed on
the 30th, the quickest time on record.
Grand Recorder Wains will leave, for the East in
a few days to be absent one month.
At the anniversary entertainment to be given on
the 28th inst. Past <» rand Councilor H. W. Hutton
w.ll deliver the principal address. The committee
of arrangements conslstnof Alexander McPherson
H. N. lavidsou, U. W. Hutton, J. H. Marais and
Mrs. M. Beccus.
Sacramento Council will observe the anniversary
of the order on toe 28th by appropriate exercises.
The fulloning is a listof theitistrict deputies that
have been named by Grand Councilor Boehm: No
1, F. A. Taylor, Councils 10 62, 34; District 2
W. N. Brunt, Cour.cils 8, 56, 2; District 3 Wil
liam Miller, Councils 66, IHO. 80; District 4, X M
Morgan, councils 13. 47, 85, 182; District 5
Thomas H O'Brien. Councils 4t>, K.J. 7, 190
-.District 6, S. N. Davidson, Councils 4. 18, 11- Dis
trict 7, James L. Homer, Councils 14. 10a IS6
District 8, 11. E. Schmidt. Councils 1, 3, 125- Dis
trict 9, William M. Finch, Councils 162, 175-
District 10, Joseph schulte Jr., Councils
?-8. 126; Dlsirict 11. F. J. Lennarl,
Councils 120. IJI, 124; District 12, Mrs. C
t. Harris Councils 62. 63; District 13, Mis. Idu
Morton, Councils 181, 195; IMs riot 14, Xrs L L.
Luther, Councils 30. 33. 36; District 16, A M
Reynolds, Councils 11U, 138; District 16 Vircii
W. Norton, Councils 80, 81. 108: District 17 a
Bloom, Councils 5, 82; District 18, W. H. Savage
Councils 80, 91, 193, 107: District 19, W. S. Lac«v'
Council 199: District 20. A. L. ewis. Council 94 :
District 21, J. Lucas, Council 6: District S2 Mrs'
K. T Hayward, council 181; District 23. Mrs k'
L. Coy, Councils 19, 21, 27; District 24. s p
Coates, Councils 53, 183; District 26. R. B Phil
lips, Council 97; District 26, R. F. Hetz?r Coun
cils 72, 192; District 28, J. F. Tutt, Councils 142
150; District 29, D. J. Hartley, councils 28, 65 71
76,96.132; District 30, J. T. Harris, c ouncil 9 :
District 31, H. H. Hurd, Council 9: Distric'
32, J. H. Hart In. Council 18; District 33"
tlive A. Hodgklnson, Council 22: District
34, E. H. Scofleld, Council; 23; District 35
H. Luther, Council 26: District 36, Juliui
Levy, Council 31: District 37. J. W. Purdy, Coun
cil 32; District 38, A. Harrow! tz. Council 37-
District 39, F. P. Bauer, Council 36; District 40*
Mrs. S. A. Stone, Council 43: District 41 J f'
O'Rourke, Council 44: District 42, A. O. Car
penter, Councils 45 and 49: District 43, Mrs. M S
Grove, Council 50; Dimrict 44, TIlMe Nathan"
Council 64; District 46, G. H. Knight, Council sn'
District 46, Eva Jolly, Council 164: District 47*
Mrs. M. L. Grohs, Council 6H; District 48 A. E
Perry, Council 69: District 49, Jacob Kuenzlv'
Council 70; District 50, George H. Burnharh
Council 73; District 61, Celia Hulburt, Council
74; District 52, Mrs. M. Buell, Council 76- Dis
trict &3, Mr*. Kate Whitney, council 76: District
54. -lames H. Pearc?. Council 77; District 65 G
F. Mack. Council 78: District 56, Mrs. Mury Beer'
man, Council 79; District 67, : District 68
Miss Jennie Othet, Council 11 5- District
£2 J- 3 b Wal ' in 8. Council 118; District
60, Mm. M. A. Jones, Council 123; Disirlct
61, John Payne. Council 134: District «2, I N
Shaw, Council 136: District H3. N. F. Wood Coun
cil 140; District 64. G. F. Cornish, Cou.icl'l 141-
District 66, J. F. Durham, Councn 145- District
66. Albert Meyer. Council 146; District 67 M
Lown, Council 161; District 68, D. Hansen. Coun
cil 171: District 69, S. Ehrman, Council 177 iiu
trlct 70. Mrs. Lilly Arendt, Council 187- District
71, H. B. M. Miller, Council 188; District 72 Laura
K. Brown, Council 189; Uisirict 73, Mrs. M M
Reading, 191; District 74, S. L. Skilien, Councii
200: District 76. Louis Repetto. liouncll 168-
District 76, John F. McDonell, Councils 1 and 7
(Nevada); District 77, F. R. Williams, Council 2
(Nevada); District 7rt, Mrs. S. A. Hnraphrev
Council 6 (Nevada): District 79, George You nc'
Council 9 (Nevada); District 80, Charles F Wil
son, Council 12 (California); District 81 Mrs
Emma Freeman, Councils 16, 61, 155 and 179
(Oakland): District 8. 1 , A. S. Webster. Councils 20
36, 201 and 202 (Oakland). ' * w *
Young Men's Institute.
District Deputy J. S. Gilmore paid an official
visit on the 24th to Columbia Council. Among
the visitors were Grand President Lynch and J. C.
Harrington of Oakland Council.
During April Pioneer Council Initiated twelve
candidates. This council will give a high jinks at
headquarters on the 14;h inst.
Grand Secretary Stanley will deliver an address
bfiore Mission Council in Mission 'Parlor Hall on
the Mb tnst.
Pioneer Council of this City and a number of
councils in Alumeda are actively engaged in mak
ing arrangements to have a grand display in the
parade on the 20th inst.
Oakland Council will give a picnic at Shell
Mouud Park on the 18th of June.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 4, 1896.
The anniversary ball by Mission Council will be
given on the 14th Inst.
Ladies' nleht by Oakland Council last Monday
was a very pleasant aff&ir.
Birmingham Council will give asocial in Union
Square Hall on the 14th inst., when members of
Borromean Council will present a farce entitled
"Justice."
snn Jose Council gave a pleasing entertainment
recently. This council is also active in the matter
of prepitrtng for the parade.
Grand President Lynch, grand trustee.and others
will visit Santa Clara Council to-night.
Phil Sheridan Council was addressed last Thurs
day night by Past Grand President Klerce.
(•olden Gate Council will give a complimentary
social in Union Square Hall on the 13th ii.su
Borroraean Council will hold the second Of its
open meetings on the 2ist. There will be a lecture
en "Mexico," and among those who will be present
are mentioned R. E. Fazackerly, R. J. Dowedell, P.
F. Diiion, P. B. Hay and .1. .1. Corrigan.
The following additional delegates to the Grand
Council have been chosen: No. 32— John Regan,
James H. Hoare. alternates— Chris Cummins,
Jeremiah Began; No. 2— Richard McCarthy, W.
J. Powers, alternates— W. T. Aggeler, A. M. Me-
Cabe: No. 10— James F. Manney, Charles McNeil,
alternates— Ed Conway, Eminett Hayden: No.
153— J. M- Grlffij), Robert Butler.
Jr. Order United American Mechanics.
State Councilor Henry C. Schaertzer has re
turned to this City from his southern tour, and
speaks encouragingly of the prospects tor the or
der in that section of the state. At Los Angeles
he visited Council No. 6, and was met by a large
deleration. He witnessed an exemplification of
the ritual which was given in first-class style. Ad
dresses were made by the State councilor, Junior
Past State Councilor Butler, State Treasurer Wil
son. Deputy State Councilor Bellinger and others.
At ( omjuon the council ne found has not been
active, and the probability Is that it will lose Us
charter.
John Adams Council of Los Angeles shows a
great deal of vitality.
At San Diego the members of the council there
showed him great attention. At the meeting of
the council the members displayed an interest
in the affairs of the order, and were much in
structed by the address of the visitor. At the
close of the meeting a banquet was tendered the
State councilor.
At san Buenaventura he met with an enthusias
tic reception, and the council there, J. C. *re
munt, proved that it is waking up.
•■Miigequemly on his return to Los Angeles he
paid a visit to General Joseph Warren Council,
and he also paid an official visit to James G. Maine
Council. For want of time he was unaole to visit
the other councils in taut, section, but will do so in
the latter part of the year.
At Mfrcid, Modesto and Fresno the State coun
cilor laid the foundation for the organization 01 a
council In each place.
On the 27th of last month there was a union
meeting in the hall of Monroe Council in Alamedu.
There was a large attendance, and stirring ad
dresses were made by Messrs. Bahcock, Salisbury,
I erry, Sullivan and Van tie Mark.
A joint committea from the Juniors and the
Daughters of Liberty Is preparing a programme
for an entertainment to be given In Odd Fellows'
ilall on the 23d lust. 111 aid 02' .the Orphans' Home
at Tiffin. Ohio.
Calnornia Commandery, V. A. M., will give an
entertainment for the benefit of the uniform fund
on the I'Til) Ins:., in Oakland. All the participants
will lie professionals.
The exemplification of the ritual as given by the
team from Pnul llevere Council was no well done
;hat the team is overwhelmed by requests to ap
| pear before councils and show how it is done.
Daughters of Liberty.
California Council has changed its meeting place
to a hall in Shicls buiidin;.
On Thursday night the Oakland Council gave an
en . rla'nninrit in Washington Hall made up of
musical .selections anl a farce, "A Quiet Family,"
by mcmliers or the council.
Inaep«ndrnt Order B'ne B'rith.
The rei ort for 1895 of the District Grand Lod«:«
No. 10, the headquarters of which is at Prague,
has been received at the office of tjje grand secre
ißrv la this lily. Ther>- are In that jurisdiction
seven lodges. 'ooated as follows: Beriiiz, Pllsen,
Kraskan, Prague, Carlsbad, Reiihenberg and
Vienna. The membership at the rlose of the year
was 686 anU the number of deaths during the yc«r
was only three. The first lodee In that jurisdic
tion was organized in 1889. The order there has a
capital of 165,491 kreutzers, and during the year
thert was expended for charltv 18,447 En Win
Order of Herninnn'H Sons.
The next annual session of the Grand Lodge will
be held on the 11th of May In San Jose. About
ninety-five delegates will represent the nineteen
lodges in this State, which on the Ist of April had
a membership of 2144. There is connected with
the order a ladies' lodge with 168 members. The
ap^-rp«aie capital of the various lodges is
$K0,929 41. During the year the Sons have paid
for sick benefits $13,718 65 and for funerals
(4683 80. During the same n-riod 288 were
added to the roil of members, 154 were suspended,
27 died and the net gain was 107.
The following committees have been named by
the grand president: On credentials— F. Hensel,
H. Haar, F. Ott; on laws and supervision— J.
Wrnimer, C.Schmidt, H. A. P. Bohr: on appeals
and grievances— X Brugge, U M. Fabry. .1. Giess
ler; on state of the order— n. Vogt, A. Graessle, F.
Mally: ou reports of officers— H. Hachtnann, A.
Hageuoru. M. J. (iasttnan. A. C. Ruschhanpt, P.
Rudolph, J. l'rt.si.l4. N. Kirsch; on mileage and
per diem— D. Jurgens. J. F. stromberg, V. Acker:
on press— F. Jung, H. Maret. G. Keidllng.
The local lodge in San Jos- is making arrange
ments to receive and entertain the oelegates dur
ing the three days they will be in session.
Royal Arcanum.
The long-deferred disrnssion on reduction of de
gree fee was before Argonaut Council las: HMrttng,
It was deemed advisable by some of the members to
lower the fee in order to meet competition, but oh
general discussion It was very successfully argued
that the present Initiation fee had been high
enough to protect the council from the abuses
prevalent in other orders and had insured thus far
a quality of membership at once desirable and
self-sustaining, and as the muior portion of the
members are believers in high protective measures
tliey won me day.
H.D. Hint from Colfax Council. New York, was
introduced and received by Acting Regent George
W. Dixon In nis usual happy manner.
David Allen was theaciive siin|M)r er in the de
bate on degree fee of the negatr. c and by his
efforisdid much to insure the permanency of the
present conservative policy. Two initiations at
next meeting.
A picnic is being spoken of for Royal Arcanum
dny. William Hagerty was elected as guide for the
the unexplred term.
Woodmen of the World.
Golden Gate Camp No. 64 will have another of
its increase meetings early in May, and it hopes on
that occasion 10 double its membership, now nearly
400. Extensive preparations are being made for a
great event, the committee In charge working
early and late.
Redwood Camp No. 91, not to be outdone, is also
engaged in similar preparations, which, together
with the picnic to be given in the near future and
the entertainment close at hand, keeps v pretty
busy.
Mission Camp also hopes to receive a share of
attention by a meeting and social of its own, for
which 1 reparations have been made and pro
gramme duly arranged for May 22.
Western Addition Camp No. 306 alone retains its
gravity, niul with the motto "live and let live"
hopes to accomplish Its portion of the upbuilding of
the order. At present its meeting nights are the
tirst and third Mondays of each momb.
Knight* of the Maccabee*.
San Francisco Tent held a very interesting re
view last Friday, when the degrees were conferred
on two applicants and a number ot fcpaUeatfooi
were received and referred to the investigating
committee.
Oakland Tent is showing a rapid growth, the
v. ork being conferred on three at the meeting las'
'iburMiay night. At that meeting a number ct
applications were acted upon.
There is consid<r*ble activity in the order at.
this time and several tents me aoou to he in
stituted.
The organization has establish* d headquarters
at 646 Market street, with Deputy & W. Hall In
charge.
During the j.ast year the increase of members
was 6*,«09.
The Order of the World.
Tbls comparatively new order is moving along,
adding to Its membership, and the various lodges
sre initiating candidates at almost every meeting.
Silver Star Lodge last week Initiated five candi
dates and received four applications: Andrews
Lodge initial (1 three candidates and received five
app [cations, and Golden Mtar initiated several
candidates.
On Wednesday ni-rht District Manager Mrs. H.
Worms will institute a lodge to work in the Ger
man language in this City. More than forty
names are signed to the petition for a charier.
The Druids.
Salinas Grove No. 101 has elected the following
officers: Noble arch, M. R. Merritt; vice-arch,
Thomas Renison; conductor, Charles Fillpini;
secretary, F. W. schroeder; financial secretary.
John Tunesci; treasurer, F. P. Johnson: li.side
guard. D. Pedrazzi: outside guard, A. Belli; trus
tees—P. L. Tagiio and F. H. Lang.
Last Friday Volta Grove Initiated three candi
dates and Installed its officers.
Laurel 1 .rove on last Friday installed its officers
in Druids' Hall. Henry A. Chase, the rearing
noble arch, was presented a nandsome jewel.
A new {rove will be instituted in Ix>s Angeles
this month, thirty-five slgi.atures baviug been ob
tained. The order is doing well In that section of
the S ate.
Hesperian Grove and Golden Star Grove will in
stall officers In Washington Square Hall on the
14th.
Templar Grove at Its last held meeting con
ferred the third degree. The picnic committee of
this grove Is preparing for the outing to be given
at ban Rafael.
Improved Order Red Men.
Great Sachem Jackson Is officially visiting tribes
in the southern part of the State.
sotoyome Tribe adopted a paleface at its last
held mi wing.
Pocabontas Tribe lost three members by death
during the last month.
Mouoc Tribe will confer degrees at its next coun
cil and will adopt several palefaces. Other mat
ter* of importance will tome before the tribe.
Last Friday Arapahoe Tribe gave a very pleas
ant entertainment at which an excellent pro.
gramme was presented. Those who took part
were Benjamin F. Josselyn, who delivered the ad
dress of the evening; Miss Agnes MacMahon, who
spoke on the degree of Pocahontas, and then
there were songs and recitations by G. W. Col
lins, Arthur Taylor, Miss Edith Hehn, O. H.
Howard, Mr. Parish. G. H. Nulllvan, Professor
J. Froeer. A. B. Learv, Mr Kramer, J. D. Bald
win and .Miss Wai worth. There \v«s also » whist
llnir solo by Miss Cordelia Whetjen and 'The Won
derful Telephone" b., Howard and Montague. The
entertainment was enjoyed by all, who were high
in praise of the committee of arrangements.
The Relief Corps-
A grand leap year party will be given to-morrow
evening in Social Hall, Alcazar building, under the
auspices of the ladies of GarUeld Relief Corps No.
IX, Ladies of the G. A. R. The ladies of this corps
have always successfully managed affairs of this
kind In the past, and what they have done may b«
taken as an evidence of what they will do to
morrow night.
IN HONOR OF THE DEAD.
Two Handsome and Costly Memorial
Wlnrtowi Placed in Old St.
Mary'a Church.
Two handsome and costly memorial win
dows have been placed in the chancel of
old St. Mary's Church on California street.
They are magnificent, and the treatment
of both subjects, namely, the conversion
of St. I'aul while on the road to Damaßcus,
as a persecutor, and his subsequent visit
to Athens, have created much flatterine
commendation.
Mr. Bronchard, the artist, may well be
proud of his work, as the execution is
superior to anything yet done in Califor
nia, and compares favorably with work on
a similar scale that has been brought hwe
from New York or Europe.
One of these windows is the gift of James
D. Phelan, dedicated by him to the mem
ory of his father. The other is presented
by Prank J. Sullivan in memory of his
mother, whose remains rest beneath the
church. The property on which the church
stands was originally owned by John Sul
livan, father or Frank J. Sullivan, and was
given by him in 1854 to the Catholic church
of Pan Francisco. It is, therefore, a fitting
testimonial, that one of the first memorial
windows erected in this church should be
dedicated to the memory of the woman
who was the wife and the mother, respect
ively, of two of the most generous sup
porters of the church.
Other windows will be set in place in
the near future, and it is the intention of
the artist to have them represent church
history in order, from the time of the
apostles down to the present time.
A canonized saint, distinguished by
missionary zeal, will be commemorated
by some distinctive scene in each window,
and in the porch will be portrait windows
of Father .lunipero Serra. the founder of
the California church, and Archbishop
Alemany, the rirst Bishop of this State.
The Paulist Fathers purpose, now that
the interior decorating is completed and
the windows will soon be in place, to re
paint the exterior of the building, all of
which will, when finished, make old St.
Mary's one of the handsomest edifices in
the City. Byron J. Clinch is the architect.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RVss uorsi
C A Hair, Reedley S M r<M Abraham. Clovrdle
Mrs T J Waldon, Ukiah itlssJßVassvr.Cloverdaie
R B strawbrtuco, Vina X V .Vewball, Wash *— "
J C (Jraliam, Cloverdale Mrs C King & eh, cal .
Miss A Boniface. Cal Drtt'Cummlng&w.l'ortld
J A Hack, Anaheim MissUi Vnvillicer.SnJose
A B Bolaiid. ChiCO \V X d« Jarnett, Colusa
A Knglish, Red Blnfl I' Fandergast .fe w, Socto
C Mcuutclian. (Stockton Muzzy, Colilnsvle
II Clay A w, Modesto C X Norduni, San Jose
X V tfpencer.Susunville Miss X Burns. Reno
G Carpenter. Placervllle CGMcMullen, Plncervllle
Rev 1' Schmoerow, N V HWRell.stanforclUvrslty
F W Young, Santa Cruz X B T.iouslass. Rio Vista,
J Gallagner. KockMin E N Williams, Oregon- -
X Lliiiicll, San Ditto Mrs X J Buraell, fcnreka
li L Boon. Sacramento W Adams, Ohio
8 M Adams. Ohio J V Bailey. Cal
II C Herzinger. Uklah Miss McAle*-r, Tacoma
F J Dynan, N V City E A llichey, Indianapolis
J Neal, Guatemala (i i: sion-v, Guatemala .
S ('haver. Guatemala J A Muiun, Guatemala .
I' Charters, Guatemala ' A Molina, Guatemala
A Rubcnsteln, Fresno E J Dowdell Aw, .Sonora
F C Lamb, Los Ai.geies J Dow, Petaluma ' -v
Dr C O Scott, Ohio
GRAND HOTEL.
P T Gordon, Cal C Blair. Santa Vosa
G Van (ionlon, *<an Jose H I Knight, Fol*om
P Ruhln an, H V J C Brent. Salt Lake
A Kobinson, Benicia A ¥ (iray, San Jose
J F Johnson <fe w. Oak O F Koppltz, Stockton
E J I-nmpson * \v. Stock C F llud>or>. Siockton
J s Davis. Oakland Q L Fish, Oakland
E 11 Quicky. Cli.cn J H >»ivtell. Chico
I < Spencer, Chico J X Trayncr, Marysvilie
T E Aditms, Na|>a G W Mc'l.ure, Alameda
W Wilkins. sacto Mm \V V Vales. Cal
Dr F H Flett, .-Issons J Suliivan, Si Louis
H ti Yowt. Fresno W D Thompson. Bt-rkely
P Lynch. San Diego J M Kln:ey, Los Angeles
C *• l'.i-miin, N V i- C Humphreys. Denver
J S Hi<. l, Santa Barbara Mrs C H Lt atlbeuer Af,
MissC (J!os>py,l.sAng<?ls Stockton
v H Plc-rce, Cal S .T !-tarmool,Sn Barbara
A smi-h, Los AiiflfS TP Litilcfield. Watsonvle
C W Cluir. New or. nans J II Melviiie, 1-<>s Angles
C M Clark. Los Angles Mm I, M Hick nell. Boston
A T Gray, Boston W M.m t iV- f. lndi.inapo
sJ lio|H-r, s«n Jose J B Hoyt, Hlrds I,a>idlng
CH ll.unm>tt,K.-.nsa*<'y C L S:m ,t \v, Wichiia
F A HunlO >n. Sui .Jose W l-.liiott. Swrita Maria
s, Shaw, .san 1 vi* obispo \V M John, sn Ls Obispo
B Goldfish, llollist-r
PALACE HOTEL,
T R Hoore, Stn Barbara Dr H Melster, Germany
Dr X Pschorr. (iermany A JYfr»>!. N V
W C Peyton. Saniu Cruz \V M Van Hensen. B V
X E Nelson, Chicago D W Tliomsua A w, Cal
I \V Finch A v-, N V Miss <; Gunnery, N V
A L H.-d. Boston D Halliday, 111
A H Ko^le, Chicago M X Davis, Cincinnati
J W GrifUth <!t w, Neb W H Tayior, (.lerulale
U E Uill.Glendale C I. li\V, GU-ndaly
B Fisher, Guatemala J W C!ond * wf, Chicago
Misa M R Cohord, 111 Mn.st.-r 1" W (loud. 111
U C Nash, .Stn Barbara F Hanete Aw.( nl
OF Pax ton, Portland W a Perry, Kiverside
F s Johnson * w, Cal Mrs H Glass, Norfolk
F s Glass. Norfolk W B Ktickir.iuer, Mnss
Count of Orio!a,<iermany A J Hoffman, Germany
Mis Harvey Mrs Winston <fe fani, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
L, Roberts, Philadelphia E Freund. Crockett
I> V Mahoney. Sari Jose W Pollock, San Jose
X M Don, san Jose C 11 Nelson, ran Jo<«e
J R McMaster.hoihoster J C Lynch, Los Angeles
B M Sweeney, .Sew York C H s'haw. -New York
M Miller, New York T R«y. New York
R J Ra liii, Vallcjo R Zillner Jr, Los Angelea
X s storey, I.os Angeles il Brown, I>O3 Angeles
FMe owlN-ri, Colorado FC Allen, Sacramento
W Wolf, Ch cuo W Wright, Sacramento
.1 McPikes, Napa C Thomas, New York
11 I! Martin, i»l Paul «; Burn, St Louis
G smalley, at Louis C Tontvy, Alaska
H Winters, Seattle T B Detnlnß, Seattle
II Barney, Port. and B Dora, Valiejo
I 11 Bonuer, Valiejo.
UCX HOUSE.
A W Hyde, s L Ohlspo W M Conly, Madera
X B .linninjrs. Napa J A Bartlett, Cal
J Hamilton. IMacervliie T J Brownlee, Napa
T C Kearuff, Cal c D Dean, Herkeley
S Carle, Sacramento W Rowel!, San Jose
H H HolSi>n. l'hili G E Hill, Scranton
C L Hill, Scranton H Levy, Jackson
W Koucti, Giee^riwood J C Long, Sun DU-ro
Mrs J McDonald. Fie^o MissGM Donald.Frrsno
E W Allf-n, san Jose 11 j Miuor, Chku«o
H Chapman, San Jose W J Peters, Sacramento
M Joyce, Colo a S Conner, Oakland
J D B«ker & w. Los Ang .Miss J Freeman, 1.03 Ane
M D Green. Sacramento H Sh.elds, Cal
NKW WKSIERN HOTEL.
Miss Turner, Oakland J C Lewis, San Jose
II B Mice, i:oston w J Yately, Boston
F Craiß, New York A Jones, Mariposa
(i A Miller, Seattle \v a Hayward, Los Ange
Patrico King Dublin G W Flghe, Denver
C W Morrells. Coultervllle.
Kxplanation.
The arrow flies with tbe wind. Tbe top figures
at station Indicate maximum temperature for tbe
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twel%-e hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pre-isure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hteh" means high tarometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rams.
"Lows" usually flrs't appear on the Washington
roast- When the pressure is high in tho Interior
ana low alow; the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. I'he reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WKATHiR BUREAU REPORT.
t'viTKD States Department of AGBicnt
trßK, Weatheb Burkau, San Francisco,
May 3, 1896, 5 p. it— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
Tne following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
a* compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka 48.05, last season 40.94: Red Bluff
20.86, last season 29.16; San Francisco 20:53,
last season 25.37: Fresuo 8.16, last season 14.67;
i San Luis Obispo 17.62, lav season 25.93; Los An
i geles 9.06, last season 16.04 : San Dieco 6.90, last
• season, 112.16: Ynma 88. last season 3.01.
j The fallowing maximum temperatures are re
; ported from stations in California durinc tbe past
twenty-four hours: Kureka 53, Red Bluff 58, San
Francisco 60. Fresno 76, San Luis Obispo 62, Los
Angeles 68, San Diego 64, Yuma 92.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 60,
minimum 52. mean 56.
The following rainfalls have been reported In
California durng tbe past twenty-four hours:
Eureka 1.24, Ked Bluff .62, San Francisco a trace.
An area of low pressure overlies Washington,
I Oregon and Idaho and Is apparently moving slow-
I ly inland. The pressure has fallen over the entire
I country west of the Rocky Mountains during the
past twenty-four hours and especially over Idaho
and We.stcrr Montana. Kaln has fallen through
out th* entire country west of the Usth
meridian and north of ihe 40th parallel. .Unset
tled weather with rain is likely to continue for the
next twenty-four hours over the northern half of
the Pacific Coast. A maximum wind velocity of
46 miles from the south Is reported off the Wash
ington coast. Fog is reported off the coast of Cali
fornia from San Luis Obispo northward to Point
Reyes. Maximum temperature: of over 90 deg.
are reported from Southern Arizona. The tem
perature has remained stationary over the entire
Pacific Slope.
Forecast made ai Pan Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. May 4. IH9U:
■Northern Cal.ioruia— Lnsetlled weather with
showers to-night and Monday morning in thn
northern portion, probably fair Mouday; fresh
southerly winds becoming southwester y.
southern California— Generally fiir Monday
with light fog Monday morning on the coast; light
southwesterly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy weather with showers In the
northern portion Monday morning-
Ctah— Unruled weather.probably showers Mon
day, cooler Monday night.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and rfslnlty— Unsettled weather
with fog in the morning: light westerly winds.
A. G. McAdif, Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1886.
Su. Mo.|Tu. \V^ xv. >-r. Sa.| Moon:. Phase.,.
12" !
sf^Laai Quart f-r.
— "■&• May 4.
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 I
°"T i<€?S New Moon.
10 111121314115 116 j W May 12.
17 '18 19 20 | 21 :22 23 *-*. First Quarter
! ,vj.; May 19.
24 10 26 i '.'7 28 29 30 "
-» Full Moon.
31 I ! .&> May 26.
31
OCEANS STEAMENS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisro.
STEAIfKR DESTINATION. | SAILS. [PIER.
CltyPuebla.. I Vie & etttina I May 4. «am I Pier*
P0m0na..... ! iiumboldt ß»y May 5. UPM|Pier9
ABlanchnrj Oregon oorts.. May 6. 6pm Pier 13
► ar.ta Ko»*.. i san limn May 6.11 am PlerlL
City l'ekinc. ChinnA Japan May S. SmiPM SB
Orizaba. Mexico May 6.10am- Pier 11
AriKo.. i Coo* ii*r .May 5 11) aw I'ler 1
raralioa i ao ulna Bay.. May 6, Cam Pier 2
We«ott:.... I Eel l'.iver May 6, 9am Pier IS
Ml l'aui i Newport ...... May 7. 9am Pier II
Columbia... Portland May B,loam P|i>r 24
Colon ! Panama May 8.12 v PMBB
Corona. -in Dieio May fl.llAM Tier 11
Wall* Walla Vie * P*t Snd May 9. Ham Pier 9
Coos Bar... Mexico (MhVIOJOam Pier 11
STEAMENS TO ARRIVE.
.. »tkamer " I From , | duk ,
Alice Blanc&anJ ; Portland May 4
Araeo . Coos 8ar.. .'..".......... ..May 4
Pomona, . ilumboidi .bar... May 4
Farallon : Yaouina liar. May 4
Homer Coos b«t '. May 4
Wellington Departure Bar May 4
Willamette I Departure Bay . ' May 4
Queen Portland.. • May 6
Truckee Tillamoolc ..May 5
Colombia. I Panama ....... ..May 6
StPaul.. Newport... _ ..May .')
Walla alia Victoria <£ l'ui:et bound ..May 5
Crescent City... Crescent Cut - ..May 6
North f0rt..... urn bold t Bar (..May 6
Coos 8ay. ... Mexico -. ' ..May 6
Corona :>an JUi0K0..... May 7
Monowat Sydney .; .'.May 7
MacKlnawr ....;. Uroma ..'........ ..May 7
Kun'Ka Newport May 9
Del N0rte. ...... Grays Haroor May 9
Empire P0rt1and..:...'...... May 10
•lateotCal j eortland „ May 10
I mm ill* ....... < Victoria A Pnret Bound I ..May 10
••iinot Ornvs Hnrrtor < . May 10
From
| buk
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
C. B. Coast axd GFonKTic Survkt TtDa"»
Bdllktin Pum-ISHKD BY OFFICIAL V
ArTHORITY OK THK SUPIBISTKSDKST." )
Mondnv May 4.
Sun rises .6.08 Moon rls»s 1.07 am
Sun sets 7.05 .Moon sets
M>ty-1896.
I ll™. .|TWI Feet *«•*• F«et T i^|Fe«t
Kill \V L -\\ H■\V ' . |l W|
4! 4.45! 4.S 11.36 -0 3 7.181 *>elj |...
L W Feet in WiFeetiL Wi 0.0: H W Feet
6 0.6.V 3.0 6.11 4.3 12.V8 0.4 i 7.52 4. 9
6 •J.UU 2.tt 7.24 4.3 1.-JII U.B 824 4 .:»
7 2.48j 2.01 H.3i\ 4.1 '2.o*\ 1.0, 8.51 4.7
8 3.18 1.5, 9.M 4.0 2.40 l L.S ».15 4.7
9 H.49i 1.2 10. JO Mi slO 1.6J 9.45 4.9
10 4.21. 0.7 11.08; 3.91 3.44 1.6 ».n8 6.1
NoM-ln the above exposition of the tides tht
•arly morning tides are given in the left band
eni i) ran, and the successive tides of the day in tha
onier of occurrence ai to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, And the Inst or right
hand column given the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as so"metlmes
•4-cum. The heights given are additions to the
•onndlogs on the United States Coast Survey
cbnrts. except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
beighi, and then the number given Is subtractlv*
from the depth civen by he chart*
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SUNDAY. May 3.
Sttnr Weeott. Whitney, 26 hours from Eel
River; pass and mdse, to Russ, Sanders A Co.
0 istmt Concord. Crale, 12 days from Hono
lulu.
stmr Noyo. Levlnson. IS hours from Fort Bragg:
paws and mdse, to J s Klmhall.
Stmr Colon, Macklnnon, 'J'iVa days fm Panama
•nd war ports: pass and mdse, loPMSS Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. '29 hours from Moss Land
ing and way ports: produce, to Good all. Perkins &
Co.
Stmr Wbltesboro, Johnson, 16 hours from
Greenwood; — Mft lumber, to L E White Lum
ber Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 80^4 hours fm Ban
Diego, etc: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins <fc
Co.
Schr Amethyst. Sorland. 9 days from Walds
port: 110 Mft iumber. to T J Golden. Oakland dl-
rert.
SchrS DanlelsonJVogel, 10 days from Sluslaw
River: IH6 M ft lumber, to Dickens dumber Co.
schr Enterprise, Ingwardsen. 10 days from Co
lumbia River: 176 M ft lumber, 88 telegraph poles.
10 order.
Scnr Eureka, Wershulelt, 7 days from Coaullle
River: 160 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. 10 hours from Bodega;
30 bxs butter, to Ross <fc Hewlett.
Hchr Nettle Low. Low. .V hours from Point
Reyes: 41 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer A Co.
Sailed.
SUNDAY, May 3.
Stmr State of California. Ackley, Astoria.
Stmr Eureka, Jepson. San Pedro.
Br ship Ellesmere, Beecblng, Queenstown.
Bark Forest Queen. Rtce, Seattle.
Schr John A, Hellquist, Eureka.
Schr Maxim. Olson. Caspar.
Schr Czarina, Schmalz, Apia.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. May 3-10 p. it — Weather
cloudy: wind 8: velocity 14 miles-
Domestic Port*.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 8— Stmr Lakme. from
Cooks Inlet; *chr Jennie Stella, hence Apr Ml ship
Spartan, hence Apr V 5.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May— Schr Chas E Falk.
from Port Blakeley; schr Azalea, from Port Gam
ble.
Sailed— Schr Hueoeme, for Puget Sound: schr
Klnorah. for Eureka.
KEDONDO-Arrlved May 3-^chr Newark, bee
Mar 30.
YAQUINA BAY-SalledMay 3-Stmr Faral
lon, for sau Francisco.
ASTORIA-Smled May3-Stmr Signal, for Pu
get Sound : stmr Queeu, for San Franciaco,
XL REKA— Arrived May 'i— Schr Maid of Or
leans, hence Apr 28.
*» a ''.^ M »y *— SttM Pomona, for Sau Francisco.
W tsr PORT- Arrived May 3-Stmr Protection
from Fort Bragg.
WENiJOCIiNu-AiTlved May 3-Stmr Navarro,
hence May a.
TATOOSH- Passed May 3-Br sunr Progressist,
bence May 30 for Nanaimo.
PORT TOWNSEND - Arrived May 8 - Schr
Bangor. from San Pedro; schr Excelsior, from
Sanra Barbara.
PORT BLAKELEY-Arrlved May 3-Bark Ma
tilda, from Honolulu.
sailed May 3-Br bark Snalgow, for Sydney and
Melbourne. *
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 3-Schr Mary E
Russ, from San Pedro. y
Foreign Port«.
HONOLULU- Arrived Apr 16-Bark S C Allen
?? nC Rw Pr r, ; " Chr Bther Buhne, from Kureka.'
17— Bktn Planter, .hence Apr 6. Is— Bktu s R
Castle, hence Apr 4. 19— Bark ceylon from Na
21—bhlp J B Thomas, from New York- baric C n
Bryant, hence Apr 11. 32- Bark Martha Davi,
hence Apr 10: Br stmr Miowera, from Sydney
23-stmr Klode Janeiro, hence Apr 16 ojane> -
Sailed Apr 16— Bktn Addenda, for Port Towns
end. 18-Brig Wm G Irwin, bark Albert and schr
Transit, for Ban Francisco; bark Kate Davenport
for Port Townsend. 22-Barlc Bolli,, K swood and
bktn Irmgard. for s»i, tranclsco 23— 15r stmr
Miowera, for Vancouver.
HILO— To sail Apr 23— Haw ship Roderick Dhu
for San Francisco. To sail about Apr '26— Shin
Roanoke, for New tfork. p
Movements of Train- Atlantic Stsfnsr*
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived May 3— Stmr Be'l
genlnnd, from Liverpool and Queenstown
DELAWARE BREAKWATER - Passed out
May 3— Stmr Pennland. from Philadelphia for
Liverpool.
Importations.
FORT BRAGG— Per Noyo— l ptcg clothing 1
pksr saw points, 211. 49 > ft lumber. 1540 RR tips
SANTA CRUZ-Per Gipsy- 1 cs cheese, 500
bbls lime, 2 plcgs mdse.
A sport — 120 sks beans. 5 bxs butter, 1 cs
esrgn. :
Pigeon Point— 9s bxs 26 drums cheese, 3 pkes
castings, 39 sks beans. "
Soquel— s cs bottles. .
Blanco— l cs eggs.
Moss Landing— l bx butter.
SAN DIEGO— Per Santa Rosa— B2 cs honey, 30
bdls skins, 1 bx limes, 24 bbls tallow, 1 cs cigars 2
dxs seed, 412 bxs oranges, 637 bxs lemons, 1 cs
stationery, l.cs dry goods, 4 sks beeswax. 1 bx
candle-holders, 6 bxs mm water, 5 bicycles, 1 bbl
13 pkgs mdse. 2 cs crackers, 6 cs boots and shoes,
1 bx fruit, 2 cs musical instruments, 7 bxs type. 1
bx gin, 10 cs canned corn, 3 pkgs tobacco, 10 pkeg
groceries.
Redondo— l bbl 119 bxs lemons.l 27 bxs oranges,
4 horses, 220 bdls caper, 19 cs honey, Ics musical
Instruments, 19 sKs horns. 46 sks gtuestock.
Los Angeles via Redondo— 36 pkgs mdse, 23 sks
asbestos, I bags coffee. 2cs druirs. Bca medicines,
SO tierces lard.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— 2 pkes mdse,
66 bxs oranges, 1 bdl molding, 2 puncheons wine,
2 bxs machinery. 8 cs furnishing goods, 3 pcs gran
ite, 87 rolls felt. 5 cs paste, 6 pkgs tobacco, 6 cs
notions, 3 kegs 1 bf bbl ink. i
Port Los Angeles— pkgs mdse, 23 bxs lemons,
11 hxs oranges. > ■ ■ . -
Santa Barbara— 3 bxs butter, 79 bxs lemons. 27
bxs oranges, 16 sks crawfish, 1 cs wine, 33 sks aba
lone meat, 21 bxs paint, 1 horse, 1 cooper bottom,
2 bxs paper.
Port Harford— l6s bxs butter, 6 bdls hides, 1 bbl
6 cans tallow, 1 coop chickens. 9 dressed calves, 53
cs eggs, 141 sks beans, 9 bxs fish. ■
Niporno— 99 sks barley.
PORT KENYON-Per Weeott— 227 bxs butter.
100 bis excelsior, 138 sks potatoes, 1 coop ducks. 1
sk furs. 2 cs groceries, 1 pkg tobacco, 2 pkgs mdse.
52 dressed calves, 77 hogs, 1 bx frogs.
Consignees.
Per Weeott— Russ, Sanders <t Co: F B Haltrht: D
Do Bernardi & Co: OB Smith <fc Co: Wolf <fc Son ;
Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Hulse, Bradford* Co: <i <le
I. lira; J Schweitzer & Co; Wheaton, Breon * Co;
Bouth San Francisco Packing and Provision Co;
Boss A Hewlett: standard OU Co: H Dutard: Sam
Soloman; M Kalish <fc Co; Norton. Teller A Co : A
Mueller..
Per Noyo— Union Lumber Co: Simond Saw Co;
M Conner.
Per Gipsy— Herman Joost: Dairymen's Union; U
S Lish house Engineer: Wheaton, Breon A Co: W
A Schrock &Co: Norton, Teller <fe Co : H Dutard:
Daltotißros; Brlgham, HoppeA Co; Enterprise
Brewery; O B Smith A Co; TUlmann A Bendel ; S
H Tyler; Getz Bros A Co.
Per Santa Rosa— Nathan, Dohrmann & Co; S A
Barney: San Francisco Brewery; Page A sons; J
H Cain & Co; Cox Seed and Plant Co; Milwaukee
Brewery: Levl Spiegel A Co: A Galli Fruit Co: H
Morris: Kohler A Chase: Wetmore Bros: Donnan
Bros: W X Mitchell: J ivancovicn A Co: Immel A
Co: Cunningham, Curtiss* Welch: California Ink
Co: Norton Tanning Co: Garcia<& Maggini: George
Walker; F B Haielu; Wheaton, Breon & Co; FH
Ames; D E Allison <fc Co; Dalton Bros; J M Moore
* <"o: American Union Fish Co: C Carpy <fc Co: P
Lynch : Dairymen's Union: Brlgham, Hoppe <fc Co;
Sherwood <fc rtnerwood; APaladlni: Rills Bros; O
P Modgett; Dodge. Sweeney* Co: FBHaight: L
J Bilknett: HDutard; JP Thomas: Enterprise
Brewery: Buffalo Brewery; Smith's Cash Store: S
Jacob: W C Price & Co; H Ueckman& Co: Pacific
States Type Foundry: Wltzel «fc Baker: Asbestos
Parafline Paint Co: Marshall, Teggart A Co ; Fra
pnli Jc Co; X E George Shoe Co: Rosenberg Bros;
W B Sumner <t Co: Sachs Bros <fc Co; A H Blade;
Norton Tanning Co: Rosenberg Bros: MilaniJt Co;
Gray A Barmen : hanlett Mln Sprng Co: Chluda .t
Flack: Bennett & Murray: Marshall A Rimus: S
H E Emerson; Lanu Bros: Howe AC'o: Horn*
Co; A Zelierbacb <fc Co; Hllmer. Bredhoff * Schulz ;
G Comilloni A Co: Tiie Dalles Co; Whitland A Co:
H Masters: Wood, Curtis A Co; Standard Fruit
Co: F K Stewart; Labor Exchange: J Melczer; H
Gre-Mihood.
OCEAS STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
_ TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class 60.00
Seoond Cl««« 63 OO
.V.eals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — 4 New Montgomery Street.
GOODAL.L, PERKINS A CO..
- ■ '• ■ General Agents.
O. FL. dßs IW.
—TO—
ASTORIA ANIPOETLANtt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
State of California sails May 3 and 1!
Columbia sails May 8 and If
From Spear-st. Wharf (Plar 24) at 10 a. M.
euoDALL, PERKINS A CO., OenL Snpts.
V. Ji'. tOX.NOR, General Agent,
'■' ' . •. • 630 Market atr— t.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAII^ FROM A**
- Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as MBSt
follows: ""
For Mary Island, Lortn*. Wrangel. Janean, Kil-
Usnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), a: » a. m.. May 14,
29, Juiif 3, 13, 18. vti. -.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Wbatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
May 4. 9. 14, 19, 24. ,29. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. I*. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
at Seattle with O. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers. -
For Kure lea, Arcata and Fields Landing: (Hum-
boldt Bay) sir. Pomona, 2 p. v. x May 1, 5. 9.
18. 17. 31. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana .Sen-port, at 9 a. m.. May
3. 7. 11. li.. 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter. ■ ■ .
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfor
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. M.. .May 1. 5. 9. 13, 17, 21, 25, .29 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For knsenada. Han Jose del Cabo, Hazatlan, La
Par. Altata and Quaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. M.. May 6 : str. coos Bay, 10 A. M.. May 10.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. - ; ,
IiOODALt, PERKINS A CO., Gent A««ntv
■ 10 Market gt- San Kranclaco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, fW HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, MB "
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
. S. 8. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur
day. May 23, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
P. S. MONOWAI sails via HONOLULU tine
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, May 28,
at 2 p.m.
LinetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
B. Alt. J. D. BPRECKKLS A BROS. CO., Ajcts.,
'■:■-, ■ -.-. ■ ■ ■ 114 Montgomery st,
Freight Office. 327 Market at., San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM_PACKET COMPAMT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIXWAI.I Aga*
fortnightly for the West Indies and <£sSm3
Southampton, calling en rout* at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. *■
Through bills of lading, in connection with th*
Pacific Mall 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treat-
■re to direct port* In England and Germany. -
| Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: thirl
mam, 9t7 Mk . Vtr further particulars apply to
• I',. I"ARROTT A CO., Agents,
■ 806 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
• -•- ■ At 5 P. M Daily.
Steamer from Kach Kml 'Sundays,
a*" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. >
STKA3IKK-:
T.C.Walker, «; J. D.Peter»,
Mary Garratt, - City of Stockton.
■ Telephone Main 805. C'ai. >'ay. and liupt.Co
! TALLEJO^ 1ARI! ISL ISO, *BEIICIA, POST
COSTA ASI) CROCKETT.
... STE. IIONTICKLLO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. m.
' and 4 F. M. : Saturday, 1U:3O a. m., S:SO r. VI
Fs*KXi2&-aa[-*'»* ■ Sunday— ii p. *■
•4 r. m. only. ■
Landing, Mission 1, Pi«r 3*
QCEAIf STEAMSHIPS} _ ,
COMPAGJIE GENERAL TRAIfSATLAITIQUE
V French Line to Havre. *
noMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH AfTfi^
\J River, foot of Morton st. Traveierjby if&SjC
this line avoid both transit oy English railway an 1
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. .Now YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
lirst-ciass $l«3O: second-class. $1 18. ___
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. 8aude10n...............
May 9, 8:00 A. «t
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe
•. ....Ala.- 16k 4*.»'
LATOUKAI-NE, Capt. Santelli
, May 2;\ B*.*
LA NORMANDIK, Capt. Deloncle ....
....:............. :....;.. M«iv SO. 4 a. M.
tW For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Acont,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New Yorfc -,
3. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. .
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOCTTHKRN PACIFIC COXriNT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* leave anil are tluct to iinlir nt .
NAN nuxcuoo.
leave — l'l:ow May 3. 1596. — abriv»
•6:O«a Niks, San Joee and Way Stations. . . Si43a'
7:«Oa AU:..itio Kxprcss, Og.lcn and llast.. > 8:43?'
• :OOa licricia, VacaTille. Rurcsey. Sacra-
mouto, and Redding via I)ari3 • 6:45p ''.
7:0»a. Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Colis-
tcga and Santa Rosa '. 6:15p •
SiSOANiles, San .lose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysvillp. Red Blufl
ami Sundays cxceptctl Oro? ille ... ■I:I*p .
•8:S0a Peters aud Miltou 'TslSp ~"
»:<m»a los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
_ : Barbara and I. on Angeles 4:43f
0:00 a Martinez and Stockton M:lsa
0:00 a Valiejo «:15p
l:0Op Niles, San Jose and Livcrmore 8:45 a •
•l:00p Sacramento Rivflr Steamers. »tt:OO p
1 1 Port and Way Stations |7:J5p .
4:00f Martinez, Han Ramon. Valiejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
m=„ S.nUKoaa »:18a ■
4:«»P Bcnicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marystiile,
. , 4 <>rnvillt: and Sacrameuto 10:45 a
*:3«vNilpB, San Jose, livermore and •' -.
... S(j>ckton 7:18p»
4:30p MeTced, Berenda, Raymond (for •
_ Yosemite) and Fresno 1 I:4jVa
a:trap ow Orleans Kxprccs.Fresno.Bakera- ." «
■ji,: ',.", Held, Santa Barbara, l.oa Augelt i, ; , *■
j Demitig, El Paso, .New Orleans and
'■■'■' '^ Bast 1«:13*
O:OOpS»nta to Route. Atlantic Express
___ 'or Mojave and East 10:13a-
-5:6OpVaUc:o . lI.I.'Va
«:«»!■ European Mail, Ogileu and East .. . 9:43 a "
,5 : l 'U a . y . wards ' Silt-sand Sau Jose 7:45 a •
t7:oOi-Val!ejo 17:43r
TittOp Oregon Jiipreag, Sacramento, Marys-
vi lie, Ileil.ling, Portland, Tuget
Hound anil East 1 0:4 a A'. ■
SAM A V,\WZ UIMMOn (Xarrow tongc). ?
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion Santa Cruz ■
_ _ _ .and Principal Way SUtions ♦«:<«» p .
NinTark.CenterTille.San.lose.Feltou, * -
Boulder Creek, Cruz and Way
Stations * sijif '
«S:lsp Newark. Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
. : Santa Cruz and Principal Way
_„. Stations *11s2Oa
4:15p Newark. San .lose and Los Gatog. ■ . ■ 9:5« -
COAST i>I VISION (Tlilril A Townaeml htii.)' ';
•S:43a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)...,... # l:43p' : .'
; 4 :3Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
B»r,u Cruz, Pacific GroTe, and
Principal Way Stations iSi33r
■:15* Son Jose, Tre» Pinos, Santa Cruz,
ii Pacitlc Grove, Paso Robles, San • * •
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:63p ■
:9:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations tl:43r
IO:4Oa San Joso and Way Stations Ssoop '
11:45 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3t 3»p
•2:30p .San Jose, Gilroy, Trea Pinna, Santa
Cruz, Salinas,Monterey and Pacitlo
Grove *1«:4»a -
-•8::iOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:17 a.
*4:30p San Jose ami Way Stations *8:OOa"
.1 : 30 1> San Jose ami Way Stations »Bt4»v
G:3Op San Jose and Way Stations 6:35 a-<
t11:45p San Jose and Way Stations V7:45r
SAX LEASDBO AM) lIAIWAitDS LOCAL. •
t*6:oOA'l . ( 7:1 3 A-"
8:00 a (S:4sa
IS.oSt Heir**, Seminary Park, iilllt
tll:O<iA Fltcbbiirs,S«L««idr» 12s4fip
3:00p [ -^ -', ft .d 4:43p
4:00p f "■" '•" •• 5:43 i»
S:OOp U»Tw*ri« O:I5p-.
'O:30p «»rnar«. ... . 7jJsp .
7:OOp 8:4.1 r ■,
8:OOp ,_ _ . . „„ 0:43p
9: OOp < Rues through to NUes. ' to 50p
ttll:lspj tFromNiles. \ tti2;QQ» ,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frim SIR R.IKCISC0 — Foot of Market Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 A.M. Jl:00 *2:00 13:09
*4:00 t5:00 *6:00 p.m. ;
From OiKLl Foot of Broad wit.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. |12:00 »l:00 13:00 »3:00 *i:0»
«3:oopji.'-. ■ - ■ " •
. : A for Morning. ' P for Afternoon. ,-'
• Sundays excepted. ■ p ■> - : i ■ f Saturdays only.
I Sundays only. ■ -^r
ft Monday. Thursday aad Saturday nights only. ' '
m ERIMSCO& NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO. • :
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Markets*.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. if.- 13:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:3 2 F. M. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. K. r ~ •
SUM>AYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p.m. .
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10. 11:10 aw. *
su^^« B^ 7:3B »i 9:36t 11:1 ° *• *« I: *°- S: *o.
o:uu, b;.j p. m. .*
Between San Francisco and Schuetiea Park same
schedule as above. :^/7T-
•Leave j .ffArt Arrive
San Francisco. *£*« - San FrancUco. •«
7:30 am 1 7:30 ah Novato, 10:40 ah 8-40 am-
-3:30 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:06 pm 10 : 10 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 ru\ 6:16 pm
Fulton,, "" I C
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdstrarg,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am ClOTerdale. 7:80 fm 6:15 nc
Vieta, ; !
7:30 am Eqpland A 10:10 am
3:3opm 7:3oam Üblah. | 7:30 6:10 pm!
7:30 am ~~ 10:10 am
7:30 am GuernevUle. 7:30 pm •
3:30 pm ' 6:15 pm
7:SO am {7:3o am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am* ■
5:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
I i Glen Ellen.
£88 £12=88 £1 ' M -w- IXBISS^1 X 8ISS^| X S=iS»
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Went
Springs; at Geyserville for Skates Sprines: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Plata for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and Lakeport at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Borings, Saratoga Springs. Bine
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter
Valley. Jonn Day's. Lierleys, Bucknell's, Sanhed-
tln Heights, Gravelly Valley, Booneville. Green-
wood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal, Wlllets, Cahto, Covelo,
Laytonvlile, Harris. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle building \
H. C. WHITING, R. x. RYAN. *■
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic ' l^i|ilE&
RAILROAD vlil^lliliiir
Trains leave from and arrive 1 fc^RrjgbjjLjgSßj
at Market-Street Ferry. Vi£££3?|kosl3~l
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To : Chicago via A & .■ carrylnf puiimaa*
leaves every d at T ourist Sleepers to Sins
| "^"CHICAGO LIMITED. -
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
1 solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-car*
■ nder Harvey management. . Connecting trains
1 rJmV* san T Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. M. daily.
The best railway from Cnlifornla to the East.
New rails, new ties; nor dust: ■ Interesting scenery
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlalmr
i "**"" Ticket Office— 644 Market Street, _. *
' jChraaicAM Sytlldj^g.^
KORTHPACinC COAST RAILROAD
.■-"■■'. (Via Sausalitd Ferry). v..f'i
i From San Francisco, Commencing March 29, 189 ft.
- WEEKDAYS..
For Mill Volley and San Rafael — 7:00, *Boo
•»:15 IOJIB. 11:45. a. m.: -1-A&, 3:.0, 4:15.
• 6:16, *h:0l). ••35 p. m. •
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W«dßC*>
aays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. M. . ■ ~ *
, SUNDAYS.
M m I Va^ 1 y '' nd Sfta Rafael-*8:00, »9:00,
Bißß^^^n M - : **K J: * J ' M :iJ0 ' * 2:1B - * 4:00 '
i i .inn am °p- M ' KxlT " L trip to Sausalitoat
I Trains marked • run to San Quentin. ••13l8tf
P.M. does not run to Mill VMH>y.
, .. . _ M THROUGH TRAINS.
R-nn I* W^ da yi>-Ca2adero and way station* .
i^M) a" «' 2 UDda v s-Cazadero and way stations. *
\ 9:00 a. m. yunday.-Point Reyes ana way station.WHISPERED ITS DEATH.
Why the Fabiola Fete Will
Henceforth be a Free and
General Fiesta.
GEORGE HATTON'S FIRST SUIT.
Alameda County Ladies Have Shown
Enough Diplouacy to Insure
Them the Ballot.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
SOB Broadway, May 3. f
The day of- Fabiola fetes is past, and in
future years the great Mayday fiesta will
not be given for charity, but for the gen
eral purpose of exploiting the city and of
brineing large crowds to Oakland. The
result is but natural. To be a great suc
cess the masses must attend, and the
mass of the people cannot afford to pay
star theater prices for the privilege of
viewing the floral parade. Last week's
fete, although it will leave a surplus, can
not but be regarded as a partial- failure.
The balance will probably be less than
11000, and this is a sum altogether too in
significant when compared with the time
and services of the many able and generous
men and women who labored for weeks.
The weather had something to do with
the result, but for the past month it has
been noticed that the general interest in
the affair was not one-tenth of what it
was last year. An invitation sent to every
merchant in town asking them to decorate
tneir stores and make the town look at
tractive did not meet with a single re
sponse. The argument was made that no
benefit would be received and that busi
ness did not justify it.
With the promise of the fete association
that next year's liesta will be free and will
take place on the streets of the city, inter
est will be increased a thousand fold, and
instead of a small- and exclusive proces
sion at the park a pageant will be arranged
that will rival tha: of Los Angeles and
pack the city with people, which will be
an inducement to merchants to make gay
their stores.
Another reason for the smallness of the
iste was that it was whispered to death.
Since last year'-s show the hospital for
whose benefit it was given has been made
the headquarters of the railroad hospital
work and ho words are necessary at "this
time to explain that the addition to its
sphere did not increase its popularity.
Still another reason can be found to ex
plain why "all Oakland" did not go in to
make it a success. Social, political and
religious lines are all drawn too tightly in
this city to permit of any general celebra
tion fofa,ny institution necessarily so ex
clusive as a semi-private hospital n-ust be.
All these things figured on Mayday and
the result was seen at the park. "Oakland
ers take far too much pride to allow
Fabiola to want, but it has been clearly
proved that the annual liesta must be a
thing of all the people and for all the peo
ple to insure the success it deserves.
George Hatton, the local newspaper
man, lias been missing for about a year.
He was never absent from his desk during
the day time, but as soon as his last edition
was out of the way George was no more to
his friends. Speculation was rife and he
was suspected at different times of being
interested- in some of the many midnisrht
depredations tnat have been committed in
Oakland. It was more than suspected
that he Knew more about the boy burglars
than lie allowed to escape his blue pencil.
Then it was mentioned that he had cap
tured a San Francisco heiress and was
vreparing to astonish the social world with
the announcement of a notable engage
ment. This idea was popular, for it con
veyed a vision of a certain farewell bache
lors' banquet, and such events in these
depressed times are devoutly to be wished
for.
But George was not doing anything of
the kind. He was doing his best to win a
bet from his bosom- friend. Colonel Tom
Garrity. Tom and Hatton made a wager
a year ago that the newspaper man could
not apply himself to anything that would
keep him in his rooms in the evening.
Garrjty bet his friend could not stop at
home. George bet that be could. Garrity
suggested the study of law, but the sug
gestion was one of t>ure sarcasm.
"Done!" crjed Hatton, and hands were
clasped at 20 to 1.
La9t Friday tius secret came out. Hatton
was seen on the street with his friend, the
colonel, and the next morning among the
names of those entitled to parchments
from the Supreme Court was that of
George F. Hatton. It was the first time
Georee ever kept a secret, and he could not
have done it had he not kept at home.
Now Garrity refuses to pay the bet, and
Attorney Hatton's first case will be to sue
his brother attorney for that twenty. For
the first time in rive years the two friends
occupied different pews at church this
morning. -
If all tbe counties in California were like
Alameda the women would have the
suffrage after next November. For sev
eral years there has been a marked in
crease of the desire to let women have
their own way, and already many have
figured prominently in movements re
quiring great skill. There are a few ladies,
however, who do the cause more harm
than good. They are forever making
themselves objectionable to the male half
of the community and have not judgment
enough to se« it. They stand on street
corners and make wide their phylacteries,
but they are in the great minority. They
may De irutnfully compared with the
"long-haired" element among the Popu
lists which was so thoroughly overpow
ered by the conservative, youthful and dig
nified element at the recent county con
vention.
Among the ladies of brains and char
acter who have commanded tiie respect of
their brethren are many who are capable
of showing more discrimination at the
polls than the majority of men. They
dominate the Political Equality Society
of Alame-da County, the Ebell Society, the
Women's riuffrage clubs and similar or
ganizations and are as powerful in the
home as in the public sphere. During the
past few months careful inquiry has im
pressed the husbands of these ladies with
the justness of their cause. Therein lies
at once their power and tbe secret of their
probable success. Every converted hus
band at once becomes an active suffrage
evangelist and the ladies are nearer their
coal than they think. Diplomacy that
can win over a husband can be trusted
with the ballot.
Tbe First Congregational Church is still
without a pastor, and Rev. C. E. Jefferson
is back in Massachusetts telling of his
pleasant trip to California. Although
tendered a call, after he had preached two
Sundays there were many who hoped he
would not accept. He is not a brainy man,
and his discourses were very ordinary
p. ft airs. He impressed the leaders of the
congregation with the many things that
are necessary for "a modern church" and
talked a great deal about church govern
ment and kindred topics, but scores of Dr.
McLean's mipils at the Congregational
College could discount the Eastern man in
every direction. The call was extended,
as much as anything, because there was a
vacancy to be filled, and the congregation
preferred to close the gap. The probation
ary pastor felt this and concluded to stay
where he is. Far better men than Mr.
Jefferson will come to Oakland for the
magnificent salary offered. B, W. B.
Colonel Hprugue Dies.
OAKLAND, Cal, May 3. - Colonel |
Charles H. Sprague, U. S. A., retired, died
at his home, 658 Fourteenth street, this
city, to-night. The family refuse to give
out any facts regarding his sickness, death
or life yntil to-morrow. Colonel Babb of
Benicia has been detailed to attend to
thesa details.
THE COMMON PEOPLE.
Key. E. Davis I'm ache* Again at the
Quibbling and Back-Biting
of Sects.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 3.— Rev. Ed
wards Davis, minister of the Central
Christian Church, preached to-night on
the theme, "The Common Teople Heard
Him Gladly."
The speaker said: "The term common
people in this instance implies the equiva
lent of an immense throng. In the tem
ple had gathered the populace. The Sad
duceea had questioned Jesus about the
possibility of the resurrection, and the
scribes were inquiring about the command-
I ments. Direct replies baffled their skepti-
c al misgivings. Undismayed the Master
continued bis condemnation of hypocrisy.
: extortion, otticiou?ness, formalities. And
j the common people heard him gladly.
"The populace always enjoys the expos
j ure and arraignment of its oppressors, in
i church or State. But the condemnation
| did not cause repentance, and consequently
I humility, simplicity and sincerity. The
I Sadduct-es. scribes and Pharisees still in
trude their agnosticisim, literalism and
formalities on the doers of the Word.
Theology is not religion, nor is church
membership the shibboleth of salvation.
Christendom to-day needs a reiteration of
Christ's denunciations. And the common
people will bear them with the same ap
proval as in that olden day.
"Jesus SDoke not as the scribes, but with
authority, because he spoke th* truth. If
the minister of God preach the word his
voice will reverberate with the power of
liberated speech, and, sustained" by the
resonance of the universe, the hearer wiil
be inspired with confidence. Conviction
and action are a consequence. So long as
the gospel shall depend on the require
ment of remuneration the tinkling of coins
will be heard in the silence between sen
tences. So long as tne hearer of the gos
pel must pay for his pew as he would for a
Beat in the theater churches will not be
considered houses of God. So long as
there shall be propounded quibbling ques
tions, and the bickering of backbiting, and
the unchristian competition of sectarian
churches, there shall be the necessity of
Christ's condemnation. And from whom
soever that shall come the people of the
commonality will hear that gospel gladly."
ELEVENTH AMENDMENT.
How "The Call's" Declaration
for Suffrage Is Viewed in
Alameda.
Electric Light Demurrer to Be Over
rulei by Judg? Frick — Dr. Zeyn
Seriously 111.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 3.— There is but
one opinion current here to-day among
the ladies, and that is that, with the open
and avowed support of The Call, the
eleventh amendment in favor of woman
suffrage must carry next November.
A eentleman who is a prominent advo
cate of the measure, in talking about the
matter this morning, said:
"The Call has cast its bread upon the
waters, and it will return to it in niany
v.aj's undreamed of in the near future. I
am glad of if. It means the passing of the
eieventh amendment now. I know there
are over 100,000 more males than females
in the State between the ages of 21 and 54,
but what does that matter? Because tl:ey
are the majority it does not give them the
right to deny women a vote or to say that
because women are in a minority they are
bound to be 'turned down' when they do
vote. That 13 like the arguments used
about unsexing women, breaking up the
home, ousting men from their rightful
work, destroying the halo of purity that
always surrounds a woman by giving her a
vote.
"It's all poppycock. Why, the very
women who are contending "for their en
franchisement are tne best women in our
State. They are the mothers with experi
ence, with home life, with good surround
ings, with good husbands. It is not for
selfish aggrandizement they are contend
ing, nor for more luxuries and comforts.
They have all they want and have nothing
material io pain by the passing of the
amendment. They are battling simply for
the lower strata — the submerged tenth if
you will — and those who come after them.
"What have we men done? We don't
want to work any more than woman wants
to work. But we've got to. And we don't
want our women to work, but they must
if they would live. Our attempts at legis
lating for the greatest pood for the great
est number have given us a Huntington, a
Buckley, several incarnated Bacchuses and
I don't know how many lunatic asylums
and poorhouses. Women can't do worse.
I've a great idea they will help us to do
better.
"Anyway whether the good they may
do in the future is problematical or not as
a matter of equity all women who pay
taxes direct or indirect are entitled to vote.
They will get it, too, and The Call will
not regret the day when it advocated the
rights of woman."
A Presentation.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 3.— VV. L.
Wheeler was not allowed to leave the
service of the Alamada, Oakland and
Piedmont Electric Railway without ex
periencing some idea of the estimation he
was held in by the employes of the road.
Yesterday afternoon he wa3 presented
with a gold watch chain with diamond
locket attached, and a gold match box.
Engineer George Ames made the presen
tation on behalf of the empioyes of the
company, and told how high the resard
was that all the men entertained for him,
because, though strict, he was always just,
and was ever their friend and adviser. W.
B. H. Fisher entered on his duties as the
new superintendent yesterday.
The services of A. Duperu, the assistant
superintendent and night receiver, lmve
been dispensed with. The buri of $ jOO
went a-missing some two months ago after
his night watch, and all efforts to trace
its whereabouts have failed. The vacancy
will be filled by Al Saxton, a well-known
and popular employe.
Dr. Zeyn Seriously 111.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. May 3.— Dr. George
C. Zeyn, a memberof the Board of Health
and one of the leading physicians, has con
tracted such a severe case of facial erysip
elas that his condition is extremely criti
cal. Yesterday his temperature was so
high that his confreres, Drs. W. O. Smith
C. H. Lubbock and E. M. Keyes, held out
little hope.
To-day he has improved somewhat and
tbere are stronger hopes for his ultimate
recovery.
Demurrer Overruled.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 3.— Judge Prick
will, to-morrow, overrule the demurrer
entered against the complaint of J. T.
Fleming against the City Trustees in the
electric light suit. He will also refuse to
dissolve the injunction suit, and raise the
bond required to be given by complainant,
to $5000.
Woman's Congress.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 3.— The com
mittee to represent the third Woman's
Congress of the Pacific Coa»t comprises
Mrs. A. A. Coben, Mrs. L. Van Orden,
Mrs. S. Chappel, Mrs. S. E. Knowles, Mrs.
Emily Powell and Mrs. A. 8. Soule.
G. W. M. Reynolds Belected "Master
Timothy" when writing his choice essays
which bore the title, "Master Timothy's
Bookcase."
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 4, 1896
FUNERALS OF PIONEERS,
Many Pay Their Final Respects
to W. A. Holcomb and A.
K. P. Harmon.
EULOGY BY REV. DR. COYLE.
A Life-Time Friend of Mr. Harmon's
Conducts the Services at His
Late Home.
Oakland Office Ban Fbanctsco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 3. )
Two pioneers, well known throughout
California, were buried in Mountain View
Cemetery this afternoon.
At the First Presbyterian Church many
friends of William A. Holcomb, late presi
dent of the San Francisco Produce Ex
change and call board, gathered to pay
their final respects to the departed mer
chant. Many came over from San Fran
cisco, and the large church was well filled
when the cortege passed down the aisle.
It was an interesting gathering. Many
snowy-headed men were there who had
doubtless thought that their call would
have come before that of Mr. Holcomb.
Pioneers were prominent in all parts of
the church, and as, under the inexorable
laws of nature, their ranks must be
thinned with increasing rapidity, they
listened with rapt attention to the re
marks of Rev. Dr. Coyle.
The members of the family were not
numerous, but the friends were, and after
the casset had been placed before the
choir the male quartet softly sang a
funeral hymn.
Dr. Coyle delivered a short eulogy. "The
pioneers of California are rapidly passing
from us," he said. "While we are gatuered
here to pay our final respects to Mr. Hol
comb auother assemblage is doing the
same over the remains of Mr. Harmon. I
knew Mr. Holcomb in life and met him
several years ago when I became pastor of
this church. Of his public lile and his tri
umph over difficulties you have all read.
But of his home lite and his private life
nothing has been said. He was one of the
most generous men in the community,
and on some days a score of unfortunates
would go to his modest home and not one
would go away empty handed. He told
me a lew days ago, when he believed he
was going to recover, that if it was God's
will he was ready to die. It was God's
will and he has gone to his reward and
re>t."
The interment at the cemetery was pri
vate. Tne honorary pall-bearers were se
lected from the Merchants' Exchange,
Produce Exchange and Chambf r of Com
merce, all of San Francisco.
A. K. P. Harmon's Funeral.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 3.— The remains
of A. K. P. Harmon, the deceased capital
ist and pioneer, were interred this after
noon in Mountain View Cemetery, of
which corporation the deceased was pres
ident. The funeral services were held at
the late residence of the deceased, on Web
ster street.
Dr. W. C. Bartlett conducted the ser
vices, having known the deceased iuti
mately for many year?. His address was
of a very personal and touching nature.
The honorary pall- bearers were selected
from the Cemetery Association and the
various institutions of which he was a di
rector.
The main entrance to the cemetery
grounds were draped in black and the
whole board of directors attended the ob
sequies.
DEDICATED THE CHURCH
The Presbyterians of Berkeley
Open a Beautiful
Edifice.
Athletes of tlie University May Not
Be Able to Make an
Eastern Tour.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 3.— The mag
nificent new Presbyterian Church build
ing, at the corner of Ailston way and
Ellsworth street, was dedicated this morn
ing with exerciseß of a most imposing na-
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH AT BERKELEY. DEDICATED YESTERDAY,
ture. The dedicatory sermon was preached
by Rev. Robert F. Coyle, D.D., of Oak
land, after the dedicatory prayer had been
rendered by the Rev. H. H. Dobbins of
Berkeley.
The building, with a seating capacity
of GOO, was filled to overflowing. The dec
orations were profuse, the altar being the
central point from which the banks of
cut flowers and vines radiated. Upon the
platform eat the pastor, Rev. Dr. Ketchum,
Rev. Dr. Coyle and Rev. Mr. Dobbins.
At intervals through the exercises the
choir, which had been enlarged into a
chorus for the occasion, rendered special
selections. The order of exercises was as
follows:
Organ voluntary (choir and congregation);
Invocation l>y the pastor; anthem, "Shout,
Shorn the Glad Tidings," J. H. Brewer; scrip
ture reading, Rev. Dr. Ketchum; soprano solo,
Miss Edith Russell; "Coronation," by chorus
and congregation; dedicatory prayer by R«v.
H. H. Dobbins; offertory, "Largo" (Handel),
violin and organ, Miss Chamberlain violinist,
Mrs. Irwin organist; tenor solo, William .\\
Harris; icrmon by Rev. R. F. Coyle, D.D.;
contralto solo, Misa Alice Raymond; quartet,
Miss Edith Russell, Miss Alice Raymond, Wil
liam X. Harris and F. Q. Clark; hymn and
benedictiou.
For the text of his dedicatory sermon
Rev. Dr. Coyle took Luke xxi:l9— '"ln your
patience possess ye your souls."
In the afternoon beginning at 3 o'clock
a praise service was* held at which the
following programme was carried out.
Organ Voluntary; anthem, "Rejoice the
Lord Is King' (Cecil B. Klein); scripture read
ing by Rev. J. Olark,e Robbias; contralto solo
by Miss Alice Raymond; auet, "I Will
Magnify Thee" (Mosenthall), Miss Edith
Russell and Mr. William N. Harris;
prayer by Rev. George E. Hatch; bass solo by
Fred 11. Clark ; address by Rev. S. S. Palmer;
quartet chorus, "O Zlon That Telleth Glad
Tidings" (Dudley Buck); financial statement
by the treasurer; address by Rev. E. a Chap
men, D.D. ; tenor solo by Mr. Harris; prayer
by Rev. F. J. Akers: quartet chorus, •'Heaven
and the Earth Display (Mendelssohn).
The following was the programme of the
evening services:
Organ voluntary; Doxology; Invocation;
scripture reading by Rev. James Hunter;
anthem (Dudley Buck); prayer by Rev. J. B.
Warren; quartet; offering; soprano solo; ser
mon by Key. H. C. Minton. D.D.; bass solo and
chorus (Franek); prayer by Rev. A. M. Elston.
May Not Go East.
OAKLAND, Cal., May S.— The big
field day yesterday at Central Park, which
was given as a benefit to the University of
California Eastern Athletic team, did not
prove to be as great a financial success as
was anticipated. As a consequence it now
appears to be extremely doubtful whether
the original plans for the proposed East
j crn tour will be consummated in their
| entirety. In fact it is not probable from
the present outloo* that more than six
men will go East, and that those who do ro
will only be able to contest in the Western
intercollegiate and in the Mott-Haven
games, on account of the lack of finances
to transport them further on their out
lined itinerary.
The total net receipts from yesterday's
games will not aggregate f 1000 according
to the statement of the manager, and from
other sources the total amount will not ex
ceed $250, making a grand total of about
11250.
It is generally conceded that the six men
who will go across the continent, provid
ing Torrey finds it possible to leave, will
be Merwin, Edgren, Koch, Torrey, Lloyd
and Crafts. A meeting will be held to
morrow amons the athletes, when more
definite plans as to the Eastern trip will be
decided upon.
HAYWARDS TO THE FRONT
Business Men Organize a General
Development Associa
tion.
Eager to See Their City Improved
and Made a Manufacturing
Center.
HAYWARDS, Cal., May 3.— The pro
gressive merchants and business men of
Haywards have concluded that it is to the
best interests of their section of the State
to have an organization which may be
looked to in taking tne lead in all move
ments to advance the town and surround
ing vicinity.
At a meeting held last week over which
Thomas B. Russell presided, a committee
consietingof Messrs. J. B. Parsons, George
S. Oakes and George Baiter were named
to prepare and present a definite plan of
organization. The meeting adjourned to
meet last evening to hear and consider
| their report.
The Town Hall held a representative
I gathering last evening when Thomas Rus
sell called the meeting to order and asked
for nominations for temporary secretary.
P. Wilbert was elected, and then the spe
cial committee was called upon to present
its report.
The reading of the proposed constitution
and by-laws was listened to with the great
est attention by all present. After some
discussion they were adopted as read.
The name chosen for the new organiza
tion is the "Haytvards Development Asso
ciation." The object of the new organi
zation, as set forth in the constitution, is
to promote ceneral interest of residents of
this vicinity upon questions pertaining to
industrial and financial matters, to in
crease local trade, attract and encourage
new enterprises, begin new improvements
and do everything which shall sustain the
good name of Haywards and vicinity at
home and abroad.
This new association will co-operate with
the State Development Association and
hold regular meetings the first Saturday
of each month. The next meeting will bo
held Moi.day. May 11, at which time the
charter membership roll will close and the
election of officers take place.
Big Damages Awarded.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 3.— Mrs. Emma
W. Thompkins, wife of Major J. W.
Thompkins, was awarded $12,5<X) damages
against George S. Montgomery for injuries
leceived in an accident at L'azadero last
summer, when a stage overturned. She
had her thigh broken and received other
injuries from which she has not yet fully
recovered. Negligence on the part of
Montgomery, na owner of the stage, In
allowing an inexperienced driver to take
the stage out was charged.
Foreign Missions' Conference.
ALAMEDA. Cal., May 3.— The follow
ing officers were elected by the Pacific
Conference of the Woman's Foreign Mis
sionary Society: President, Mrs. Jenkins;
vice-president, Mrs. J. B. McGillivray;
corresponding secretary, Mrs. P. Al. Pres
ton; recording secretary, Mrs. C. W.
Moors; treasurer. Mrs. H. A. Stephenson;
auditor, Mrs. McKnight. The treasurer
reported the receipts for the year to be
$457 87 and the disbursement* $454 90.
The next annual conference will be held
in San Francisco.
The porcelain tower at Nankin was 248
feet liitrh.
LATEST SUIFPiXIi INTELLIGENCE
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NF.VV YORK— Arrived May H-Simr Norge, frm
Copenhagen, etc: stmr Manitoba, from Ix>n<ion.
HAVHE— Arrived oat Ala • S — Hr i,a Uascoene.
QUEENSTOWN-Satled May B— Stuir Eirurla,
lor New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed May 3— Slmr Saale.for
New Yorlc.
OIBKALTAR- Passed May 3— Stmr Kalier Wtl
belm. from Genoa for New York.
TORY ISLAND— Pasted May 3— Stmr State of
Nebraska, from >'ew Yorlc for Glasgow.
PRAYER FOR HIS RETURN,
George Atkinson's Disappearance
Agitates Oakland Congre
gations.
WAS A THEOLOGICAL STTTDEHT.
Was Last Seen Tuesday, and Foul
Play or a Romance Is
Suspected.
Oakland Office sa* Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 3. J
George Ernest Atkinson, president of
the Christian Endeavor Union of the
Market-street Congregational Church, is
missing. To-night Rev. E. C. Chapman
gave notice of it and praynd that the presi
dent might soon be restored to them.
The missing young man is a student at
the theological seminary and Dr. McLean
has done all in his power to trace him, but
with no result. Last Tuesday he left his
rooms and no one has seen him since.
There are good reasons for suspecting
foul play. There is also some ground for
presuming that Atkinson has gone off to
sea' to drown his sorrow, because a young
lady to whom he was engaged refused to
longer regard herself as his affianced.
This was a sore blow to him, and he has
frequently threatened that he wonld run
off to sea.
Atkinson is the son of W. H. Atkinson
of Forest Grove, Or., and inquiry has
been made at bis home, but nothing has
been learned. He was a very earnest
student and a popular leader of the Chris
tian Endeavorers. Two months ago he
was elected president of the Market
street Union, and nnder his presidency
the union was making marked progress.
Dr. E. C. Chapman, pastor of the church
to which young Atkinson is attached, is
of the belief that the missing man has
met with foul play. A short time ago he
received a snug sum of money from home
with which to carry himself through the
summer. This money has not been found
in his room, and no one knows what has
become of it. By the manner in which
Atkinson left the college it is not thought
that he intended to make a journey, as he
went off in a working suit of clothes and
a tennis cap. His best clothes are in his
room and there is not the slightest indi
cation that he had prepared for a journey.
Last Tuesday Atkinson was seen in the
Western Union Telegraph office on Broad
way, bat since then no one has seen him.
The object of his visit was to see a young
lady operator who is a member of the En
deavor Union of the Market-street Church.
She stated to-nigbt that she had not seen
Atkinson and had not the remotest idea
where he was. Thers was nothing un
usual about his manner while in the tele
graph office, but since he left tbere noth
ing whatever is known of him.
The missing student was to have been
at Loomis, Placer County, to preach to
day and for several weeks, and it was
thought he might have be»n there. A tele
gram, however, proved that he had not
been heard from, and inquiries in other
directions also failed to bring any tidings
"I think Atkinson has either run off to
sea or else he has met with foul play,"
said Dr. Chapman to-night. "I do not
think for a moment that he has committed
suicide, as he was not a young man likely
to do any such thing. He was 25 year's
old and particularly hright and promising.
He went to the theological seminary about
a year, and made rapid progress. He has
never been missing before, and if he has
not met with fcul play I fear he has car
ried out a scheme that I'm told he often
spoke about and has gone to sea. Various
reasons have been given for his desire to
rush off to sea, but none of them seem to
justify me in thinking he has carried it
out."
An intimate acquaintance of Atkinson's
has a theory about his disappearance that
does not seem at all improbable. " I
think," said he, "he has gone to sea
rather than face the ordeal of preaching.
It is a pronounced case of stage fright."
Revs. Drs. Chapman and McLean kept
the fact of Atkinson's disappearance a
secret till this evening, but tuey con
sidered it their duty as he did not return
to notify the police and to refer to the
matter from the pulpit.
Fishermen predict there will be no high
water in the Columbia this year, and an
ticipate a poor fishing season in conse
quence.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleslde Track.
Jr incn where the bones have no record at the distance to bo ran the records at the next nearest
distance are riven. •.••—>. ■ .
Abbreviations— F.. fast: Fa., fair; 11., heavy; m.. mile; 1, furlong; •. about.
i-IKST RACE— Nine-sixteenths of a mile; two-year-old.
I Best t I
Index. Name. Lbs record. | Dlsu Lbs Tk. Owner. .. Pedigree.
1109 Sister Adele ... 110 -.62 y, m 103 H. . E. Corrigan.... Riley-Hlsterly
Widow Jones... 108 no rec M. J. Kelly St. Andrew-Hattle Bell
1112 The Itonmn.... 101 Ino rec .... Elmwood stock frm Imp. Brutus-Beauty
1112 TbeKld 08 no rec H.Floyd Red Iron- Known
1109 Scarborough.... 113 :50 y3y 3 m 113 i\. Atkin <fc Lourldge. El Rio Ke.v-Fonsetta
1118 Lady Hurst 98 ! no r«»C. Won. Napier Imp. Mortenhurst-Cheerfol
1118 Pester* 108 no rec Pueolo siaDle.. Flambeau-Ballle O
(1112)! San Mateo 113 :49 % m 113 P.. W. S. Hobort Salvator-Oris . .
1101 |Flenr de U5.... 120 :48% 1 /a m IPS F_. El Primero stable.. Imp. Mailm-Flenrette-
Owner.
Pedigree*.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs: selling.
idez.
Name.
I I Best
| Lbs | record.
nisi.
Lbslxk.
Owner.
Pedlxres.
iMlrtas 107 1:14
1117 JLevenaC 102 1:16%
1104 'Tim Murphy.... 10411:14
1116 Wm. Pinkertoni 97 1:15%
1117 Major CooSc 102 1:13
111« Kimer F 1011:153.4
726 Bueno 102 1:548
1111 Walter J 108 I:lsVi
1115 Perhaps. 97 1:15%
1117 Howard 104 l:«3Vj
1111 Kowalsky ...... 100 1:14%
1107 Nervoso ....... 102 1:09
6 f
6f
6f
6f
6*
6f
ff
6 f
61
7 I
6f
61/2 '
109JF..
106 F...
111 F...
97 F...
104 1F...
104 F...
105 F...
99 jF...
112 H..
103 ! F...
98 iF...
100 F...
J. H. Tarn
O. Olllman..
White* Clarke....
S. C. Hildreth
Livingston stable ..
Floodmore stable..
El Primero stable..
F. McDermott.
Alma Dale stable ..
R. K. Dolan
E. Corri'can
Elmwood sick tarm
Emperor NorfolE-Wmona
Ansel-Miss Goodrich
Imp. Kyrle Daly-Maggie X
Shannon-Fannie Lewis
Bulwark-sister to Violet
Portland- b'aruaiia
Hidalgo-Bertie W
Imp. True Brlton-LUlle S
1 Kosclunko-May Valey
Tyr»nt-Mayette
Isaac Mnrpby-Derochment
Imp. Brutus-Nerva
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds.
ndex.
Kimt.
I .- Best
Lbs record.
Diet I
Lba
fk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
__,
780
1116
1118
1092
HIS
737
1092
1097
1053
1106
674
1100
Fern ...;..
George C.
t.ucr«tla Borgia
Clara Johnson..
Hylvla.
Trappean
Virgie A........
Hen. 81and.....
jHaiard
Ma50er0 .......:
Free Will
N1cNac.........
114 1:20 8f
103 1:10 sv a f
101 I:4+ lm
10l 1:0714 6 f
101
106
101 '< 1:01% 5 f
10G l:'29V4i7t
106 1:30 7f
109 no rec
109 1 :02 5 f
101|l:07% 5J* f
107 iH..
89 Fa.
100 Fa.
99 H..
94 F.V.
93 F...
105 Fa.
"99 F.'.!
89 1f...
A. Morine
J. Garnty
Klmwooii stfc farm.
M. Johnson.
F. Brown
\V. D. UandoU
B. Ward
W. D. iiandall
J. Q Brown & Co..
G. Pacheco
JK. Hughes
W. F. Roeder.
Gano-Carmellto
r.nuub'.o-I.ady LOU
Imp. Brums- I.edette
El Kio Key- Valeric
Imp. Wazner-Fabecla
Imp. Inverness- La Trappae
Ip. True Uriton-Blg Bertha
Ip. Inverness-Wood Violet
rtiraihiuore-Zoo Zoo
Peel-Ursula
Brown Fox- Trade Wind
Take Notice- Picnic
FOURTH RACE— One and three-quarter miles; telling.
I Best
Lbs hi: cord
Lbs
Tk.
Owner.
Index.
N»me.
Dist.
Pedigree.
1119 |Bt. Lee i 109 1:47 i^l 7.75 m 96JF... S. C. HUdrelh
11-20 lArtlcus. 1141:56 ,1% 99|Fa. W. C. Vlvell
(I113)io. B. Morris.... 115 -2:40 IMi lU6iFa. P. Dunne
IUO* j Little Cripple... U111:55i/t!l V« 10h|F... J. Weber.
107S ThornUUU U4ja:lo#[l V 4 10B|F». T. Londy
Imp. St. George-Levee
Argyle-Glenloch -
Loi:gfello-.v-Qucen Beluga
Pirate Penznc«>-Ldy Stnhop
lmp.Chevlot-Phcebe Andrs
FIFTH KACE-One mile; selling.
| Best
Lbs record.
Lbs Tk.
fndex.
Name.
Dlst.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1123 Ida Saner
284 Miss Pollard....
1108 Moran
1053 5ea5ide..........
1099 M1ramb0.. ......
1116 Huntsman
1040 Mayday..'.
1098 Miss (iarviu....
11VO Waw0na. ......'.
(1059) Faro....
1001 I Foremost. ....:.
102 1:19
86 1:02 «4
■ 8H no rec.
106 1:15
91 1:18
108 i 1:07
111 1:41
102 1 : 4J 'I
108 1:54 Vi
111 1:48%
104 1:19 V*
.6 t ",::
6 f
6 t
6 t
6 f
1 m
lm- :.
l%m
1 m --
1 1-ieta
100 ill..
99; Fa.
Ib :. i ; .'.'
104 H..
183|H..
1041F..
8« F..
98jF..
11l H..
92|F..
a. L. Bell
It. Shaner
Z. Abrahams
P. Slebenthaler.....
Ambrose <fc Miller..
P. Herzog
A. P. Miller
O. F. Capps
Mokeimnne stlc Inn
A. Y. Stephenson..
A. B. SprcclteU. . . .
Joe Hooker- Addle O'Nell
Ip. Idalium-by Kyrle Daly
Patten-.. ouise Forrest
Imp. Marlner-Marin
Xl Hio Rey -Question
Prince Norfolk-Haldee
John A- Lo waiu R
Followcharm-Sal. Hampton
Imp. Sir Modred-Typhoon
Prince Norfolk-Ayondale
Klood-imp. Queen Bess
SIXTH RACK— One mile; selling.
Best
record.
ndex.
Name.
Diau
I.bs
Tk.
Owner.
Pediffree-
-1102
(908)
1113
1116
1116
1037
1118
1114
(1116;
1027
Ml*B 8ut1i......
Fair Faith
B«llefloyd
lixFulirtonLasa
Oregon Kclipse
Dungarven
Par05......-.T.;:.
Piraeus.
Tlberlu*
Strathflower.. . .
102
107
SB
106
108
111
91
88
■88
100
1: 48 l m
I:2SV* 7*
1:29 71
1:18V4 61
1:4.1 1 m
l! 001,4 &Vfcf
1:43% 1 m
1:3B It
1:16 :6t J
1:42% lm
94
101
104
101
107
101
90
F.. A. M. Martlo
F. . A. O. Blakely
F... J. P. Atkln
H.. Shaboua stable
Fa. J. Robbing
F.. L.Ktell
Fa.iJ. Carrol
11.. Cambridge stable..
b\. Klmwood stlc farm.
F». C. F. Sanders
Sobrante-Ruth
.Jils Johnson-Bertie C
£1 Rio Key-Sylvia
Fullcrton-Castaway '
Joe Hooker-Lulu Ulggs -
Hlndoo-liup. Calphurnia
Imp. Kr«ne-Gray Pall
Imp. King Gallop-Nanka ■
Imp. Brut us-Swnr facie •"' -
Strathmore-Flower Meatb
100
Auction Bales
PAVILION AUCTION DOUSE.
819-381 Sutter St., Above Grant Aye.
AT SALKSIiOOM,
THIS DAY,
Monday:.. May 4, 1886,
At 10:30 o'clock m.,
....I WIT.L SSU.... -;%'"' ;
a STANDARD UPRIGHT PIANOS
And the Oak, Walnut and Mahogany
Furniture of 3 Private Residences;
also a Largo Variety of Carpets.
: . :. AT 1 P. M.,
At 1806 Market St., Near Van Ness Aye..
....I WILL 6K1X....
THE FIXE STOCK AND FIXTURES OF THIS
WELL-KNOWN BALOON,
Consisting of National Cash Register, Bar and
Back Bar, Shuffle-Hoard, Tables, Chairs, Pic-
tures, Pine Glasswaro and a Large Choice Stock
of Wines, Liquors and Cigars.
S. BASCH. Auctioneer.
J. C. MOTHER, AUCTIONEER,
WILL SELL THIS DAY,
Monday.... May 4,. 1896,
Commencing at 11 a. m. sharp,
At 733 Market St., near Third,
A FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT
Completely furnished, on account of departure,
Including about 100 Bevel-plate Mirrors: 200
yards of Inlaid Linoleum; 140 fine Oak Vienna
Chairs; SO elegant Oak Tables; fine Fire-proof
Safe; Crockery and . Glassware: Cutlery and
Linen; 2 Fine French Ranges: 1 Heater and 1
Bakers' Oven, etc. .
- This place will first be offered as a whole, and If
a satisfactory bid Is not obtained it will be sold In
lots to snit purchasers. Everything must be sold
without limit or reserve.
J. C. MUTHEK, Auctioneer.
L H. BUD, AUCTIONEER.
Office and Warehouse, 211 Larkln St.,
THIS DAY
Monday '. May 4,
. r- • At 11 A. If.,
$5000 Worth of Japanese Furniture and
Crockery.
If you want elegant goods, attend this sale.
. I* H. BrRD. Auctioneer.
BROWN DID NOT PREACH.
A Big Crowd Waits Patiently
for an Event Previously
Called Off.
Deacon Morse Is Censured for Not
Securing a Regular Minister
for the Occasion.
For probably the first time in the his
tory of the First Congregational Church
every door leading into that sacred edifice
remained closed yesterday. The fact that
such an unusual thing would occur was
duly advertised, but it did not prevent
nearly half a thousand of the curious
minded from gathering in front of the
church when the hour for the morning
service arrived.
There was no one present who seemed
willing to assume the responsibility of tell
ing the people that the doors would not be
opened. Tall, grim but genial Sexton
Pike did not show up, neither aid the
"Oily Gammon" of the retired pastor's fol
lowers. For nearly an hour the people
waited distractedly about and then in
squads of twos and fours went their re
spective ways. \ ■ /£■;!-"
Sunday morning Deacon Morse caused
to be inserted in the church notices the
following:
gt^S" FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.
vr<sS Owing to the Illness of Dr. Brown there
will be no services at- this church to-day. Sunday
school and Christian Endeavor services will also
be omitted. .Regular Wednesday evening meeting
as usual. . I. It. MORSE, Senior Deacon.
There are those who contend that Dea
con Morse assumed more power than he
possessed when he caused such a notice to
be published.
"The First Church does not delegate
any such authority to one man," said one
of the dissatisfied members yesterday.
"Besides, whoever heard of 'senior dea
con* in Congregationalism? None of us
can understand this move, but we are in
clined to think there is a 'joker' some
where."
Mrs. Cooper saw many things in the
action of Deacon Morse to condemn. "It
i 3 certainly a very unusual proceeding,"
she said, "when it is remembered that
there was to have been admitted into the
church some twenty-five new members.
Dr. Brown could not, of course, have per
formed the babtismal ceremony, but it
would have been an easy matter to have
secured a minister in good standing. It is
JAPANESE & CHINESE AUCTION SALE
41 9 Kearny Street.
f£f. ' ■ ■ THIS" DAY. HH
Monday. At"ll ArM. ! - 2 ana-7P. 1 & y 4 , 1896
REMOVED FROM CHINATOWN
For convenience of sale, the stock or a
CHINESE MERCHANT, WHO IS
RETURNING TO CHINA.
RARE ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Satsuma, Cloisonne, Awata, Kaga, Totconabe
Bishu, Kochl. etc.
Antique Bronzes, Carvings, Silk Goods,
Embroideries, etc.
JAPANESE RUGS, All SIZES.
Without Reserve or Limit. . Chairs for Ladles.
F. T. KEKLAR, Auctioneer.
HARDWARE AUCTION.
CONTINUATION SALE
THIS DAY. .
Monday May 4, 1896,
At 10:30 o'clock a. h.,
2335 Mission Street, Near Eighteenth.
FRANK W. BUTTKRF'IELD, Auctioneer, !
: • 19 Montgomery street.
AUCTION ! AUCTION!
Jfca £& Jfes
40 Well-Bred, Mostly Gentle Horses
_„ ■ __ Must be sold without reserve, 5
TUESDAY..... :..;.......-. .....MAT 5.
At International Horse Market, Twelfth
and Harrison eta.
W. P. MoCORD, Auctioneer.
rery, very peculiar and there must be
something behind it."
There are those who think it is the pur
pose of Brown's friends to gather in force at
the Wednesday night meeting, and in some
way re-elect him to the pastorate. Of
course such a proceeding would be entirely
contrary to Congregational usage, but in
view of the tactics assumed by the moder
ator at the last meeting the opposition is
ready to believe anything possible.
Morse's statement that Brown was too
ill to appear in the pulpit is hardly in
keeping vr- 1 " man's appear
ance or.
was seeii
outward
Rev. ii
fqrnia-st
night th.
Brown, i
preciatio;
to preact
Sunday,
able to gi 1 answer ha/c»ro Tues
day.
First Cm of Umbrella.
5 There can be little desbt that v/han um
brellas first came into use in England they
were carried only by women. Of this we
have the evidence of Guy Miege in his
French Dictionary, 1688, who has the sen
tence: "Umbrellos are only in use amongst
women." "The New World of Words,"
revised, etc, by J. X., Philobibl., 1720, has
the remark, "such as are here commonly
usd by women to shelter them from rain."
Both umbrello and umbrella are given.
Gay has the following allusion: • .
Good housewives all the winter's rage despise,
Defended by the riding hood's disguise;
Or, underneath th' umbrella's oily shads,
Safe thro' the wet on clinking pattens tread.
.Let Persian dames th' umbrella's ribs display,
To guard their beauties from the sunny ray;
Or sweating slaves support the shady load. -
When Eastern monarchs show their state abroad;
Britain In winter only knows its aid.
To guard from chilly show'ra the walking maid.
"Trivia," 1716, book 1, lines 209-18.
For many years the carrying of an um
brella was regarded as effeminate.' In the'
Draper's Dictionary it is stated that when
men began to carry umbrellas they were
hooted and jeered at as "Frenchmen." In
the Female Tatler, December 12, 1709,
there is the following satirical announce
ment: ■• -• ■* -
The young gentleman borrowing the um
brella belonging to Will's coffee-house, In
Cornhill, of the mistress, is hereby advertised,
that to be dry from head to foot on the like
occasion, he shall be welcome to the maid's
pattens.— Notes and Queries.
Napoleon's Fifth War with Austria.
Ostensibly this war was to be unlike any
other so far waged. The secret instruc
tions given to the Imperial Austrian envoy
in London clearly indicate that the Haps
burgs hoped by victory to restore their in
fluence both in Italy and Germany; for
that was the meaning of '"restitution to
rightful owners" and the "slight rectifica
tion of their frontiers," or, in other words,
the restoration of European conditions to
what they had been before Napoleon's ad
vent. This was the dynastic side; the
national side was also "to be used for its
purposes. "The liberties for Europe hava
taken refuge under your banner," r»n
Charles' proclamation to the army; "your
victories will break their bonds, and your
German brethren still in the enemy's
ranks await their redemption." To the
German world he said, "Austria fights not
only for her own autonomy, but takes the
sword for the independence and national
honor of Germany." Another manifesto,
written by Gentz, the ablest statesman in
Vienna, declared that the war was to be
waged not against France, but against the
system of persistent extension which had
produced such universal disorder in
Europe. — "Life of Napoleon," by Profes
sor Sloane, in the May Century.
A new industry, that of catching snap
ping turtles for Chicago markets, has re
cently developed in Jefferson County
("Wis.) waters, and is being followed with
pecuniary advantage. The turtles sell,
live weight, for from 10 to 12 cents per
pound.
A smart Broadway, New
1 X York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling. ;
Is it any w.onder that ho
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist 1 that has
such, a motto as that ■
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
1« t ?, EAEMIrST Established
Bin 185 * for the treatment of Private
M Diseases. Lost Manhood. , Debility or
m g'Sfase wearing on body and mindaud
■ HKin Diseases. The doctor cures whan
H others fall. Try him. Charges low.
■ Cnr«aj;uarnnt<ed. Callorwrlte."
l»r. j, «•. 4i£JBBUN, Box 1937.5« a Francisco.
1112
MOVING TO THE WATER.
The Naval Battalion Divisions
Change Their Quar- .
ters.
MAKING A GOOD SHIFS CREW.
Plans for Manning the Monitor Co
manche With an Effective Com-
plement of Men.
The two divisions of the Naval Battalion
have gone into the same armory at the
water front and from now on they will be
conducted as a single ship's company.
• Orders were issued by Lieutenant-Com
mander Turner about a week ago that the
divisions must move from their old quar
ters and. into the new before May 1. The
order was given as soon as the armory on
the front had been secured, but, despite
the short notice, the divisions moved in
on time and now they are making them
selves comfortable down by the water.
The new armory is at 22% East street,
about midway between Market and Mis
sion. There are four rooms in the place,
which is on the second story. At the end
of the hall and in the front of the building
is an officers' room, destined to be the
headquarter! of the battalion, and as a
locker-room and sitting-room for its occu
pants. Next to the officers' room is a
large, well-lighted assembly-room, in
tended as a place for the men of both
divisions to sit and meet in. Behind are
two rooms, which will be locker-rooms,
one for each division. They are poorly
lighted, but not intended to be used for
any but locker purposes.
■ The arms and equipments of both di
visions will be sent out on the Comanche,
there to remain permanently. There will
be no guns kept in the armory unless
needed there. The uniforms will be kept
on shore, however, and the furniture of
the division will be divided to fit up the
quarters ashore and on the monitor.
Show drills hc;eafter will be but a sec
ondary consideration. Most of the work
will be done i oat, and seamanship and
gunnery will take up most of the time.
The Hotchk »s one-pounder and the Gat
ling, with p.l their gear, are on board the
ship. T'-jy all have cone mounts and will
b . arranged so as to form an effective sec
ondary battery for the "flatiron," as the
monitor has already been nicknamed.
Already a drill for the service of tht
turret-guns is being arranged, and stations
for general quarters, fire quarters and all
ship maneuvers capable of being per
formed on board the Ccmanche are being
written for the officers and petty officers.
Lieutenant-Commander Turner will com
mand the Comanche and Lieutenant
Douglass, as senior lieutenant, will be
executive officer. Lieutenant Gunn, com
mander of the second division, will be
navigating officer, and Lieutenant Guy C.
Calden, .the senior lieutenant, junior
grade, will command the powder division.
The other officers will be gun division and
watch officers, the senior being in com
. mand of the turret.
Coxswains and crews for the Comanche's
boats and for the boats on shore in the
boatnbuse are also being assigned, and
boat work is gome to be a" feature of the
battalion drills. The Comanche carries
four boats, two whaleboats, a gig and a
dingey, and in the boathonse on snore
there are the big 16-oared barge and a
clinker-built gig pulling twelve oars
double bank or six oars single bank. Be
sides these there is the steam launch,
which is now in Oakland Creek awaiting
•repairs. Crews will be assigned to all of
these and the fleet will be called out fre
quently.
More interest is being taken in rowing
just at present than at any previous time
since the battalion had any boat to pull an
oar in. There are a number of very good
oarsmen in the battalion, and from either
division a crew for any boat in the fleet,
and fit for any work, could be secured.
The dingey is at present the shore boat
from the monitor. Sue comes to the
Folsom-street float just by the boathouse,
every morning, and the coxswain in charge
of the monitor reports to the lieutenant
commander. There are three men per
manently stationed on board — a coxswain
in charge, and two seamen, one attached
to the fire division and one to the gun
division. Their duties are to keep the ves
sel, the arms, the engines and the batteries
in good order. They" are all enlisted in the
United States navy and are paid by the
United States Government. All are old
seamen who have served for years on
board United States men-of-war.
The Comanche lies too far up the bay
to be seen from the boathouse, but she cau
, be seen from the top of the new armory
building. She may be moved farther
down so that she can be signaled from the
boathouse, but anyway it ia probable that
a signal staff will be erected on the armory,
and when boats are wanted or orders to be
delivered the monitor may be communi
cated with by flag?. It has also been sug
gested that the monitor herself be fur
nished with a military mast, and if such
should be the case communication with
her would be easy.
Hereafter the two divisions in this City
will be looked on as a ship's crew, the
men from one division going to one watch
and the members of theother to the second,
or the men may be assigned by numbers,
the odd to starboard and the even to port,
or vice versa. It has been further sug
gested tnat a crew for the Comanche, one
that will be ready to work her at any time,
will be selected from the most eligible
members of the divisions, and the remain
der of the crew of the divisions will act as
supernumeraries. This crew will be
changed often enougn to give every man
in the divisions a thorough knowledge of
his position.
VINING'S NEW SYSTEM,
Great Inconvenience to the Pub
lic Is the Only Result
Accomplished.
Instead of Watching the Crossings
Police Pass the Time in Chasing
Newsboys.
The transfer agents at Market and Pow
ell streets, aided, by several policemen,
managed to accommodate the crowds yes
terday. The new transfer system was not
as smooth-running as the imported man
ager desired, bat so long as the transfers
were issued the inconvenience to the trav
eling public was a matter of tmall moment.
The agent stationed st the northeast
corner had the work of three men to do.
He complained but once.
"Heavens, this is terrible," he said as he
gave the punch an extra bard push. "It
is enough to turn a man gray. I wouldn't
[punch, punch], if I could avoid it. have
[punch] this job at a hundred [punch] dol
lars a day."
The big policeman by his side smiled,
and then suddenly recollecting what he
was there for abruptly and severely or
dered a 10-year-old lad who asked for a
McAllister-street check to "move on."
But the boy stood his ground. He told
the agent that ne wanted a check for his
transfer, and ne proposed to have it. He
got it, and then deliberately banded it
over to a newsboy. The agent scowled
and the policeman' blustered a bit, but the
"enemy" only smiled. He was oid enough
to understand that all the 'bluecoats and
brass buttons" in Christendom could not
invalidate the check then in his posses
sion.
Over on the opposite corner stood another
agent taking up transfers and disbursing
checks. Surrounding him on all sides,
that is as fast as his legs could carry him,
was a policeman. He chased the" small
boy with evident satisfaction, and on sev
eral occasions made a feint at using the
light cane which he twirled. It has Deen
popularly supposed that the officer on
duty at tnis crossing was placed there for
the one purpose of guaranteeing ladies,
children and feeble men a safe voyage
across the dangerous thoroughfare.
For one hour yesterday afternoon he
did not go any nearer the crossing than
the edge of the sidewalk, but. acting under
the instructions of some one, put in his
time chasing newsboys and such other
small pedestrians as dared to approach
the "agent."
"Say," said an old gentleman, who after
five minutes' struggle had secured a much
coveted check, "suppose I had about 10,000
presents to give away, could I stand here
on the corner and do it?"
"Well, not much," some one in the
crowd answered. "You would be arrested
in about live minutes."
"Then, how is it," continued the old
fellow, "that the Market-street Company
can block np two crossings and have all
the policemen it wants?"
BUTCHERS' GALA DAY.
Committee* Going to the Interior
Towns to Invite Those Interested
in the Trade.
A committee from the local butchers'
board of trade, consisting of Samuel C.
Hammond, H. C. Flageollet, Fred C. Win
ters, Joseph Wertheimer and Fred Becker
went to San Jose on Thursday to meet the
butchers and all other interested in the
meat trade there. There were about 200
present to receive the Ban Francisco dele
gation.
Mr. Hammond told them about the ex
tensive preparations for the third annual
celebration of the board of trade here on
May 20, and expressed the hope there
would be a large attendance from San Jose.
The delegation was received with great
enthusiasm, and a promise was giyen that
every shop in Santa Clara County would
be closed on May 20, and from 800 to 1000
people would attend the celebration.
The railroad company has made the
lowest possible excursion rates for the oc
casion.
A committee will go to Stockton to-mor
row and another to Sacramento on Thurs
day. '
A WEEK OF WEDDINGS
The Despres - Samuel and the
Housman-Jaggi Nup
tials.
A Prominent Mission Engagement
Announced — Ladies Attend a
Rose Tea.
A prominent wedding of the past week
was that of Isaac Despres of Chicago to Miss
Hattie Samuel, one of California's fairest
daughters. The event was one of the hap
piest of the season and took place last
Thursday evening at the residence of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. M. Samuel,
1132 O'Farrell street. The ceremony was
performed by the Rev. Dr. Jacob Nieto in
the presence of about 150 guests.
The bridal canopy was a creation in
green and white. In its construction
were used hundreds of Bermuda iillies,
white pinks, snowballs and otange blos
soms. A large wedding-bell hung from
the center. The decorations of the ball
room were, if possible, more beautiful
than any other part of the house. Pale
green and white bunting draped the walls
and sketches painted for the occasion were
place a like tapestries among the drapery.
The bride, who is a statuesque blonde with
hair the color Titian loved to paint, was
attended by her sister, Mi-s Lelia Samuel, who
acted as the maid of honor. The groom was
attended by his brother, Samuel Despres, who
came expressly from Chicago to act as best
man.
Mr. and Mrs. Despres have left for Monterey,
Coronado, Pasadena and other points in South
ern California, where they expect to remain
for about two weeks, after which they return
to San Francisco prior to their departure for
Chicago, their future home.
Among the guests present at the wedding
were: Mr. and Mrs. Dr. Kieto, Mr. and Mrs.
Adam Heunisch, Mr. and Mrs. P. N. Aaronson,
Mr. and Mrs. I. H. Jacobs, Mr. and Mrs. Berry
Marks, Mr. and Mrs. L. Brenner, Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Cohen, Mr. and Mrs. A. Gosliner, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Kutner, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Franklin, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Wolff, Mr. and
Mrs. E. Simon, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Ferter, Mr.
and Mrs. I. W. Caro, Mr. and Mrs. B. H. Levy,
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Goldstein, Mr. and Mrs.
M. Davidson, Mr. and Mrs. <Jt'.sper Samuel, Mr.
and Mrs. Goodfellow, Mr. and Mrs. M. Simon.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Greenberg, Mr. and Mrs.
M. Brooks, Mr. and Mrs. L. Saeuger, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Summerfield, Mr. and Mrs. I. Levin,
Mr. and Mrs. L. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. P. H.
Hefron, Mr. and Mrs. H. G. W. Dinkelspiel, Mr.
and Mrs. M. Dusenbury, Mr. and Mrs. Kosen
crantz, Mr. and Mrs. Rev. Dr. Voorsanger, Mr.
and Mrs. I. Selig, Mr. and Mrs. Hyman Lipman:
Misses Kutner, Livingston, Selig, Wanda. Gal
land, Carrie Jacobs, Rose Seligsohn, Tessie
Franklin, Belle Davis, L. Levy, Hattie Samuel,
Lelia Samuel, Mattie Rrooks, Haitie Lenoir,
Kittle Blaney, Rose Levy, I. Davidson,
Clara Heyman. Lena Gosliner, Mrs. \V.
Caro, A. D. Goldberg, J. S. Levy, H. P. Merritt.
Louis Meyer, I. Rosenberg, Dr. Louis Stern, H.
S. Goldberg, George N. Josepson, J. Levy Br.,
Clyde Samuel, Sanford Samuel, Samuel Despres
of Chicago, Isidor Simon of Portland, Hyman
Abraham, Lawrence Samuel, E. Pincus, C. N.
Spiro, A. W. Caro, B. C. Samuel, William Sam
uel, David Davidson, Max Samuel, Mike Selie
sohn, Sol Seligsohn, B. Galland, Dr. James
Plmpson, Sol Goldberg, A. Gosliner, Cantor
Davies, Armand Andre and others.
A very charming wedding was that of
Miss Rose Jaggi and Frederick Housman,
celebrated on Wednesday evening last at the
residence of the bride's parents.
The home was elaborately decorated with
snowballs, orange blossoms and La France
roses. Prominent among all this floral splen
dor was the wedding bell of white snowballs,
under which the happy couple stood during
the ceremony that made them man and wife.
Miss Minnie Platz officiated as bridesmaid and
Christian Karl as best man. An elegant Hip
per was served after the ceremony. Mr. and
Mrs. Housman left Thursday on a wedding
trip to Menlo, and on their return will reside
at 1235 Hayes street.
Miss Stanton has gone to Santa Rosa for the
rose carnival.
The engagement is announced of Miss Kate
Landers to John J. Hendricks, a prominent
young business man of this City. Miss Landers
is the only daughter of Mrs. *M. Landers and
the late Michael Landers, the well-known cap
italist of the Mission. The wedding will take
place the last of June at the family residence,
812 Shotwell street.
An enjoyable affair was that given by Mr.
and Mrs. Henry White last Wednesday even
ing at their residence, 1911 Leavenworth
street, in honor of a double event— the chris
tening of their young son and the third birth
day anniversary of their daughter. Those
present besides the host and hostess were Mr
and Mrs. R. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. J. Waldron',
Mr. and Mrs. J. Rae, Miss Phyllis Rae, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Phillips, the Misses Bessie and Edith
Phillips, Colonel W. May and wile, Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas, Mrs. Thornhill, the Misses Eila
and Myrtle Thornhill, Masters Tom and
Harry Thornhill, W. Ayling, H. Naglc, Mrs.
Lake, W. Murray, W. Simon, Miss C. Whittle
and Master H. E. Whittle.
The evening was spent in a most enjoyable
manner, with music, songs and recitations,
after which an elaborate supper was served
The ladies of General George G. Meade Corps
No. 61, W. R. C, gave a rose tea for the benefis
of their relief fund at the residence of Mrs
Johnson, 2125^ Howard street, on last
Wednesday afternoon.
The large parlors, hall and dining-room were
beautifully decorated with roses, ferns and ivy
the tables being especially beautiful The
corps in this City. Berkeley, Oakland and Ala
meda were well represented, notwithstanding
the inclement weatner, showing the deep in
terest manifested by the members of the order
in their charitable work. Many of the new
department officers elected for the ensuing
year at the last convention held in Santa Cruz
last week were also present, as were also a few
comrades of the G. A. R.
Following was the afternoon's programme
Song, Mrs. Bowley; address of welcome, Mrs!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 4, 1896.
Bessie Johnson, president of the corps; patri
otic recitation, Miss Annie Johnson; whistling
solo, Miss Hattie Baldwin; remarks, Dr. Ply
mire; patriotic song, Mrs. Bowley; duet. Miss
Baldwin and Mrs. Johnson; recitation, Miss H.
McPhund; story, Comrade Bowley; response,
Mrs. Bowley ; song, Miss Baldwin; comic reci
tation. Irvine Johnson; comic song with moral,
Mrs. Jessie Moore; closing remarks, Comrade
Richard Valentine celebrated his birthday
in a most delightful manner at his home on
Friday evening.
The home was handsomely decorated with
the choicest blossoms of the season. The even
ing was spent in merry-making until a late
hour, when a delicious supper was partaken of,
during which Mr. Valentine was presented
with a beautiful diamond pin by his employes
as a token of their esteem.
The Sons of Vermont will hold their May
meeting on Friday evening at Odd Fellows'
Hall. An unusually interesting programme
has been prepared for the occasion. The prison
scene from Verdi's favorite opera, "II Trova
tore," will be produced by Miss Florence Fair
child and D. Valerga, formerly of the Patti
opera company, and Mi6B Alma Berglund of
the Bogart song recitals will sing.
Mrs. J. P. Groom and family will spend the
summer in Sausalito.
Mrs. Louis S. Green of Los Angeles and Mrs.
Asher Green of New York are here on a visit to
their mother, Mrs. R. Spiegelman, of 511>^
Gough street, and will be pleased to see their
friends on the last Tuesday of each month.
"Exploring the Air."
A lecture underjthe auspices of the Geograph
ical Society of the Pacific will be given on
Wednesday, May 6. at Union-square Hall,
421 Post street, between Powell and Mason,
at 8 o'clock p. M. The subject will be "Explor
ing the Air." The lecture, which is by Alex
McAdie, M. A., will De illustrated by forty dis
solving views of atmospheric and electric
phenomena. ______________
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock ever}
oight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opei
ant il 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
•235=' SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER _T~
&<& No. 1, Royal Arch Masons, meets _#«_
THIS EVENING. Business and M. M. <le->Sjf
gree. H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. r^\
f^sp OCCIDENTAL LODGE No. 22, _>
tE-^ F. and A. M.— Stated meeting THIS __7V-
(MONDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. J&jt
Regular business and third decree. Byor-/^^>
der of W. M. . EDW. F. DELGER, Secretary.
H_3sr» HERMAN LODGE NO. 127, F. A m
CE^ a. M. Stated meeting THIS DAY A
(MONDAY) May 4, 1396, ill 8 o'clock p. M • jCjf
By order of the W. M. ■ 'VA
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
BESS 3 DORIC LODGE NO. 216, F. AND •
1536' A. M., 121 Eday street— officers __% _
and members are hereby notified to Kttend jC3f
the funeral of our late brother, AUGUST 'V>
MARKEWITZ, at the lodgeroom on TUESDAY,
May 5, at 10 o'clock a. m. Master Masons are in-
vited. By order of the Master
' ADOLPH KRONBERG, Secretary.
BfrjS=> BRITISH BENEVOLENT SOCIETY—
&<— The annual meeting will be held at the
rooms, 604 Merchant street, TO-MORROW,
TUESDAY, at 4 c. 11.
WM. DOXEY, President.
REV. W. W, BOLTOxn*, Hon. Secy.
Sr~!p ANNUALMEETING.— THE REGULAR
OS**' annual meeting of - stockholders of the
HUTCUINSON SUGAR PLANTATION. COM-
PANY will beheld at the office of the company,
327 Market si., San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY,
the 12th day of May, 1896, at the hoar of 11 a. m.,
for the purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. ' Transfer-books will close on Friday, May 1,
at 3 P. V. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
jKg=» ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
iw-* * annual aieeting of the stockholders of the
Christy Mining Company will be held at the office
of the company, 310 Pine st., room 28, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 18th day of May,
1896, at the boar of 1 o'clock p.m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, May 15, 1896,
at 3 o'cock p. m. GKO. R. SPINNEY, S*c
Office— Pine St., room 28, San Francisco, CaL
IJSS 3 CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
55S* THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one year for $1 60,
postage free. - - ■ •
SPECIAL NOTICES.
WtZZS* BAD TENANTS eTectTcS~FOK~s4'-
*»>* ? collections made, city - or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy m. .'room 6. Tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS WAMED-FKMALK.
p ERMAN HOUSEWORK GIRL WANTS SIT-
VT uation In the country; competent Swedish
cook with good references; also a number of good
Irish, German, Scandinavian and French girls
await situations. For particulars telephone or ad-
dress MISS PLUNK 424 Sutler st.
OMPETENT WOMAN, WITH A GIRL OF 6,
VJ desires situation; best references: $10; coun-
try: good cook. MIsS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st.
"UHRST-CLASS FRENCH COOK WISHES SIT-
X! uaiion; best references. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. ■ . ■
GOOD AMERICAN COOKS, CITY OR
county, $30 and $25; German cook, $30; up-
stairs girls, $15 to $20; general housework girls
city or country. $15 to 925; await positions. MIS 3
HICKEY, 1033 Post st.
rpHOROUGH NURSE WISHES SITUATION;
X 20 years' experience with infants and sick per-
sons; is a good seamstress, or would do chamber
work and assist in housework; home more of an
object than wages: good reference. Address
Nurse, box 19, Cull Office.
WOMAN FROM THE EAST WITH A CHILD
6 years old would like a situation to do cook-
Ing or general housework. Address D., box 149,
this office.
YV OMAN WANTS WORK OF ANY KIND BY
»» day. week or month; good reference. Call at
308 Sutter si., room 37. "
IRBT-CLASS CHAMBERMAID WISHES
X? position in the country; good reference. 2
Geary court. . • .
n EBMAN WOMAN WANTS POSITION AS
vT working housekeeper or as first-class cook
in German family. Call 937 Mission st.
ANTED —BY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN,
work by the day or housework and sleep home.
Can be seen at 6 Rausch St., rear, bet. 7 and 8.
ESPEOTABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
place by the day or month. Please call for 2
days at 677 Harrison su
r OUNO GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X light housework. Please call 713 Clementina.
OMAN WANTS WASHING OR CLEAN-
* » Ing by the day. Please call for two days at
919 Natoma st.
RESSMAKER lately from the EAST
XJ would like a few more engagements; terms
reasonable. 915% Howard st.
rjESPECTABLfc. WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
XV tion as chambermaid In a hotel or lodging,
house; city or country: best of references given.
Address A. L., 744 Howard st. . ■ ..
EFINED EDUCATED YOUNG LADY
would like the charge of 1 or 2 well-behaved
children. Address W. 8., box 101, Call.
ADY CAN CONFIDENTLY RECOMMEND
middle-aged Swedish girl to take entire charge
of children or nurse to Invalid lady. Address C. C
box 76. Call. . ■ . . -
TNTELLIGENT MIDDLE-AGED LADY
X wishes a position in wholesale or manufacturing
business. Please address L., box 137, Call Office.
EKINED YOUNG LADY DESIRES TO
travel with lady as maid or nurse for expenses
to New York: good references. B. 8., 2106 Dela-
ware st., Berkeley. • •■■-■■■■■■• >
IVA N TED— POSITION AS COMPANION BY
" a refined, well-educated young lady; cheerful
disposition; accomplished pianist (competent to
teach); experienced hair-dresser and . manicure;
good reader and excellent correspondent; no objec-
tion to travel, or country. Address J. M., box 19.
Call Office. -, ■
IS IRBT-CLASS MILLINER WOULD LIKE EN-
X) gagements by the aay in private families. Ad-
dress M.. box 16. Call office. ■
\\r ANTED — SITUATION TO DO GENERAL
• » housework In small family by neat, active,
elderly woman; gook cook: city or country; good
recommendations. Address a. T. R., box «2, this
office.
EFINED GERMAN LADY DESIRES POSl-
tion ;as companion or attend "■. invalid: good
reader: about 10 years' experience; will also go as
maid and seamstress: good sewer in all branches;
city or country. Call or address 806 Union st. '
WOULD LIKE F£W MORE ENGAGEMENTS
" in families for millinery and dressmaking; am
quite skillful In making over millinery. M. a
box 32, call OClce.
WAN IED— BY RESPECTABLE MIDDLE-
aged woman situation to do chambe— voric or
cook for party of men. Address T. T., box 76, CalL
U r OM AN DESIRES SITUATION TO DO
" general housework: city or country. Address
1508% Sacramento st. . : .
RESSMAKER WANTS WORK; GO OUT
by the day; also make children's clothes;
terms 91 60. Address by letter, MISS MOORE.
804 Larkin sU -■ ■■■ 3 ■ ■
KEBPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS| WORK
XVby the day; housecleanlng: < washing; local
references. Call after 2, S. 11., 222 Willow aye..
bet. Van Ness and Franklin su - t . .
riEBMAN WOMAN WISHES PLACE: COOK-
VT Ing and washing; sleeo home; 93 per week.
Addreas2"o9 Mission su  ■ .<• , v ,.-,
A MERICAN WIDOW. WISHES GOOD
-iX steady place as housekeeper; no trlflers. Ad-
dress MRS. L. HENRY, 337 Seventeenth st., bet.
Mission and Valencia. -■■■ -
lA/IDOW WITH A CHILD WISHES POST
VT ' tion as housekeeper. • Call i from 1 1 to 4 v.
1142 Howard st. ; no tri tiers need apply. '
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
SECOND~COOK7wiTif GOOD~REFERENCES«
wishes a situation in hotel or restaurant; will
do any Kind of kitchenwork. Call or address 448
1 ehama su
~\ {IDDLE- AGED WOMAN WISHEB BITUA-
-t'A tion to ao general housework and cooking.
Address B. H., box 10, Call Office.
"V-OUNG LADY WANTS A SITUATION AS
x housekeeper; city preferred. Apply 120%
Geary st., room 10.
qituation wanted by a respectable
0 American young woman aa nursegirl or assist
In light housework In small family: will go for
910 per month with mother's room and board:
references: car fare to be paid. MISS C. MOSS,
310 Turk st.
OOOK KEEPER- WANTED BY^ A THOR-
JJ oughly competent young lady with 8 years' ex-
perience position as bookkeeper and stenographer;
best of references. Address Reliable, 1153 Wash-
ington St., Oakland.
VY r INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NE."
'» Market; 200 rooms: 25c to 91 50 per night;
91 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
tree hus to and from the tern-.
WANTED-MALE.
HUNTER
ese employment office, 17 Webb St., below
Kearny. beU California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
jnHINESE AND JAPANESE" RELIABLE
V^help; tel. Main 1997. BRAPLEY&CO., 640 Clay.
C. O. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOK 8: ALL
. branches :shorl notice. 14Oeary. tcl.Orant4a.
TAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 3148 Sutler: tel. Grant 30.
C~HINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 414 Va O'Farrell: tel. E. 42a
ANTED — BY JL" THOROUGH ALL-
ronnd dry goods and furnishing good* man, a
position either on the road or in the house: over
10 years' experience in Southern California, Ari-
zona, New Mexico and Colorado; references fur-
nished ; wages no object till ability Is proven. Ad-
dress J. A. 8., 136 Main St., City.
TjARBERS— GOOD BARBER WANTS WORK
-L> for $10 per week; city or country. Address
Barber, box 29, Call Office.
ffijtri YOUNG MARRIED MAN WANTS
»IptJv/. position In wholesale-house or office-, ex-
perience: references and bonds: will pay $50 to
one securing. Address R. S., box 68, Call Office.
pARDENER WISHES PLACE WITH PRI-
IJT vate family: middle-aged: single. Address J.
O. C, box 163, Call Office.
qituation wanted by a young,sober|
kJ steady confectioner; best references. Address
C 8.. 123-129 Eddy sU
QITUATION WANTED TO GO EAST, BY
0 young man of 28, in return for services. R. M.
A., general delivery.
COMPETENT HOUSE- PAINTER, WITH
tools, wants work by the day or piecework;
city or country. Painter, 23 Pleasant st.
AN AND WIFE (GERMAN). WITHOUT
children, wish a situation In the city or
Country, man thoroughly understands the making
and keeping of wines and is a good farmer; wife a
good cook and housekeeper; best of references.
Address O. L., 619 Sacramento St., city.
ANDY YOUNG MAN WANTS WORK OF
any kind; handy with tools: little experience
In plumbing. Apply at MR. HANSON'S, 1149
Mission st.
VOUNO GERMAN CARPfcNTKR AND CABI-
-1 net-maker, with tools, wants situation: is will-
in 2to do any kind of work. Please call or address
120 Valley St., bet. Twenty-eighth and Twenty-
ninth.
IMRST-CLASS FRENCH CHEF, RECENTLY
from the Kast. with best references, wishes
situation in large hotel or restanrant, or In good
family. Address LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton.
QTEADY, RELIABLE MAN WANTS WORK
10 of any kind; city or country, good reference.
Address J. X., box 86, Call Office,
YV ANTED— BY MAN AND WIFE A STEADY
IT place on ranch ; man Is firs -class blacksmith
and horseshoer, good woodworker; also can run en-
gine and do general farming: wife is xood and sav-
ing cook: capable of taking entire charge of ranch.
Address G. C. L. T., box 101, Call Office.
QITUATION WANTED— FIRST-CLASS PR AC-
kJ tical circular sawyer or band; can file own cir-
cular saws; best of references; also rood mill
carpenter. Address Sawyer, box 106, Call Office.
LD GENTLEMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
of any kind; lieht work: can handle horses;
careful driver; care for cows; very handy with
tools; would make a useful man around gentle-
man's place: wages not so much of an object, de-
sires a good home. Address G. 8., box 137, Call.
ANTED-SITCATION AS CASHIER OR
assistant bookkeeper; the applicant Is moral
and strictly attentive to business; best of refer-
ences. Address X., 2310 Btetner st., 8. F.
PAINTER, TINTER AND PAPER-HANGER
X wants work by the day, roll or contrac-U Ad-
dress Paper-banger, box 48, Call Office.
ELI A BLE YOUNG MAN WISHES TO
learn brick-laying. Call or address 1032
Hampshire.
"C'xperienceiTljutcher wishes posr-
-CJtion; no objection to country. Address T. D.
MORGAN, 646 Taylor aye., Alameda.
T^inST-CLASS COOK W A NTS ' PLACE; GOOD
1 i-fu-riTUPs. H. ROr.lNSiiy. 14'2ri M»son St.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
IV AN'fED^COOKTNO WA^7^3oT4~c7SoKS
" in German families, 925 and 930: 3 German,
French and English nurses. 920: girl for cooking
and housework, country, if3U; waitress, country
hotel, $20: 3 restaurant waitresses 920; cook, pri-
vate board Ing- house, $40. and a large number of
girls for all kinds of work, in city and country
J. F. CROSETT <fc CO., 312 Sutter sU
WANTE D^a GERMAN CHAMBERMAID
»¥ and seamstress, $25: Protestant curse for 3
children, $'.25; waitress and parlor-maid, San Jose,
$25; girl for general housework and cooking for
family of 2,930: nrst-class cook, private family,
$35; nurse, 2 children, $20; 10 good housework
girls, $26 and $'.'0 for city; also a number of girls
to till situations in the country at wages from $15
to 930. Apply MISS PLU NKETT, 424 Sutter.
WANTED— 2 GERMAN C<>OKs7~936 AND
$30: French girl for houseworn, 920; French
nurse, 920; French second girl. 916; French old
lady, housework, $15; 2 young nurseplrls, $10 and
$12; second and plain washing, 920. LEON AN-
DRE, 315 Stockton si.
EKMAN CHAMBERMAID. 925: NURSE.
$'J5: cook, $30; 3 waitresses, 920 each; house*
work, Salinas, $'J0; Alameda. 920: 20 housework
girls, city. $20 and $'J5; 6 young girls assist, $10
to $16. MISSCULi-EN, 323 Sntter st.
COOK. SMALL AMERICAN FAMILY. COUN-
try, $20: German chambermaid, $20: second
girl, 920; waitress, country. 920: middle-aged
woman, $15, and others. MURRAY A READY,
634 Clay su
ANTED-GIRLSOF ALL NATIONS. MME.
LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton sU
IMRST-CLABS DRESSMAKING DONE BY
the day or at home; reasonable. 1004 Market
bu, room 6.
YV ANTED— NEAT GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK
»* and assist In kitchen. 1218 a Fulton, near
Devlsadero.
ANTKD-GERMAN-AMERICAN GIRL TO
assist generally in large bakery. Address
BAKER, box 149. tbla office.
G~IRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 20 Albion avenue, bet. Sixteenth and
Seventeenth and Valencia and Guerrero.
YV an'tedlltrLmmers foU millinery:
»» only first class need apply. 953 Washington
St., Oakland.
YOUNG GIRLTcOOKING AND GENERAL
housework; small family. 219 Broderick st.
W ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO DO nOUSE-
'' work. 3662 Twenty-second, cor. Chattanooga.
WANTE"D^3TIRST-CLASS RETOUCHERS.
MAKCEAU'S, 826 Market^
T ITTLE GIRL TO ASSIST IN TAKING CARE
XJ of a child. Apply 1818 Webster st.
YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
772 Bryant sU
p IRL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK AND
VT cure of baby; $8. 416 Fourth at.
GERMAN NURSE, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
ANTED-UIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. AP-
ply 1021 Buchanan at.
YY^ ANTED— OPERATORS, FINISHERS, ALSO
»' apprentice on pant* 923% Folsom sU
GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK; WAGES
$10. 1920 Sutter sU
GermXn~gTrl "for general house-
work and cooking; small family. 1709 Post.
GIRL TO WaTt~AT TABLE; WAGES 915 A
month and room. 1309 Castro st.
L/ I RST-CLASS~TAILORESS ON COATS. 425
x Greenwich st., near DuponU
]V T EAT YOUNG UIRL, LIGHT HOtBhWORK~
XI cooking; small American family. 1616 Grove.
IKL FOR HOUSEWORK AND COOKING.
435 Eddy st.
GIRL TO WORK IN RESTAURANT. 410
Kearny st.
"VTOUNO WOMAN "FOR HOTJBEWORK; MUST
_aleephome_. 201 Powell at.
W ANT E~D^TAILORESB~WHO UNDER-
" stands sewing by machine. 626 Minna st.
YV a n tedHl6"'smart ladies of good
» » appearance to canvass In the city for salary.
Apply at once tc U. S. Industrial Agency, room
167, Crocker building.
y OUNG GIRL TO AS"SIWTBIiA"LL~FAMILY ;
x can go to school or take music 1118 a '1 wenty-
thlrd, near Noe.
T SAN RAFAEL, STRONG GIRL, 915 PER
month. Apply 915% Filbert at., this city.
VV A . NTED - YOUNG AMERICAN GIRL,
__ with some knowledge of music, to assist in
no , u . seworlc '° » family of 3 grown pertons; an in-
telligent young lady will find a pleasant home;
wages $10; references, send proper name and ad-
dresg to a. 8., box 10, this office.
YVJ^'CHESTKR HOUSE. 44 THIRD. NEAR
" Market— Electric lights In very room: 2OU
rooms: 26c to $1 60 per nUrht; 91 60 U> $6 per
week : t**+ but to and from the terry.
STHMA CURE GUARANTEED: DR. GOR-
dln'a Chocolate Emulalon. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
HAIRDRESMNG, 26c AND 85c: MORNING
and eve classes; lOleasons.9l 60. 1248 Mission.
APPRENTICES TO LEAKN DRESS CUT-
-TV ting and making. 14 McAllister. rms67 and 6a
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St.. near Market:
200 rooms; 26c to 91 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week; free 'bua to and trom ferry.
: . HELP WANTED— Continued.
ANTED - PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
* » school; course thorough, practical; satisfaction
guaranteed; reasonable.- 410 Leavenworth st. .
"TJRESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
oT taught; new styles; perfect fitting patterns
25c up. MCDOWELL Academy. '-'13 Powell st. '
MALE HELP WANTED.
Wanted— four quartz miners. $a 60
■• * to «2 75 per day ; 6 woodmen, $26 and found,
see boss here: milker, $20 to $25; German boy for
bakery. $15 and board: cooks: waiters ana others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento.
.TyANTED-ICNGLISH BUTLER, $40;
•_ waiter, smalllrestaurant, $7 per week; waiter,
plain restaurant, $4 a week; German boy to wash
dishes. $10; etc. . -EON ANDRE, 316 Stockton.
A QUARTZ-MINERS. STEADY WORK, $3 A
~^ day: cake baker, $10 a week; barber to rent
country shop; ranch teamster and wife, $30; tie-
inakers, 9c apiece. R. T. WARD A CO., 608 and
610 Clay st. \
fC COLORED EXTRA WAITERS FOR COUN-
«-» try hotel; free fare both ways; call Monday
IP^v?] l^*' " o'clock ready to start. C. R. HAN-
pen A CO., 110 Geary st.
X) ARBER FOR A COUNTRY HOTEL AND
xj resort; free shop and free board:. keep all he
makes;' a middle-aged man who wants an easy
place preferred. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
"\f EAT AND PASTRY COOK, . COUNTRY
iv* re » tanra °t. $50; second cook, country hotel,
»co; English waiter for country hotel: washer for
Gea 0 It. h °' el> * 25 °" 1C HAKSISN * co - 110
"OLACKSMITH FOR CAMP, 950 AND FOUND;
v. Innch-conntercook, $8 week; waiters, country
hotels. 926 and $30: eaniener for private family,
a ?> r £ l ? > 0r ranth - dishwKshers, etc. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A LL AROUND BAKER; SMALLSHOP; NEAR
XI. city; $10 week. MURRAY A READY, 634
visy 8u
R"k NC ? CARPENTER $1 PER DAY AND
board, tools furnished; ranch blacksmith $1
&T r Kr-t^™^^ :nl * ntclerlc ?6aweek-. MAR.
I IN a EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 749 Market.
W' ANTED-PANTS-PRKSSER. 923% FOL-
som st. ,<
TRONG SCANDINAVIAN BOY WANTED;
k3 wages 93. 342 McAllister st. [
W ANTED-IRONER FOR SHIRT-MACHINE
; " at Lick Laundry, 9 Lick place.
iySH WASHER; WAGES $20 PER MONTH.
U 113 Seventh st.
"AITJSR WANTED. 407 MASON STREET,
rear, at 7 o'clock.
GERMAN GIRL WAN IS A PARTNER IN
vx cash retail butter, eggs, smoked meats, deli-
cacies business, with $100 capital; must be Indus-
trious and make himself useful in store; $50 and
board guaranteed. Apply 2016 Market st,
A NTED-STKADY MAN TO ASSIST IN A
■ • • store: salary $75 per month, with an increase
if deserving; permanent position; must have 9150
In cash. Apply rooms 1 and 2, 765 MarKet st.
\\T A NT . ED MAN WITH 9100 TO TAKE
" half Interest in manufactory latest household
novelty; great seller. Call on W. E. RYAN, 460
Minna St.; 9 to 12 and 3 to 5.
PARTNER WITH A FEW DOLLARS TO IN-
crease paying ■ business. Owner, box 15, Call
Office. •
ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE; 4 CHAIRS;
running 3 steady chairs. 207% Polk st.
PARTNER FOR WORKING PROPOSITION
with $76. P., box 18. Call Office.
ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE IN SAN JOSE
-U very cheap. Deckelman Bros., 106 Ellis st.
YV ANTED— STEADY, TRUSTWORTHY
»» partner in restaurant; receipts $25; sure in-
crease; small capital required; guaranteed $75
monthly each. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
\Y ANTED — STEADY, RELIABLE MAN,
»» with 9150, as partner in genteel business that
will pay to each $20 to $25 per week: city trade
only. STANLEY, 21% Third st.
WANTED— IO GENTLEMANLY APPEAR-
■*» ing men as canvassers on a selling article for
salary. Apply at once to U. S. Industrial Agency,
room 167, Crocker building. .
PARTNER WITH $300 TO $600 IN A BUSI-
X ness that will bear investigation. Address R.
T., box 94, Call Office. '
1 A MEN TO COMPLETE MINING PARTY
J-V/ for Alaska: must have $300 each; rich gold
ledge all ready to work on located: four months'
trip. Apply Monday forenoon, May 4, to J. ROSS,
8 bteuart st.
SHOEMAKERS ON MEN'S NAILED AND
0 repairing. 959 Howard st.
I. ASK A GOLD FIELDS: A FAST SAILING
vessel will be dispatched by the San Francisco
and Alaska Gold Mining Co. on or about Wednes-
day May 20. for Cooks Inlet direct; will carry
freight and a limited number of passengers; fare
$50, Including board and 200 pounds baggage.
For further particulars apply to FRED HOLMES,
606 Battery St., S. F. ■ '
YV ANTED — STOCK BRICK HOLDERS. IN-
' ' quire at 803 Folsom St., In shoe store. "
\f AN TO ACT AS BARKEEPER IN A BUSI-
I'I ness bouse: must understand mixing of drinks,
give reference of last employer, and be an honest
and sober man; middle-aged, married, able to
speak German preferred. | Address G., box 91, Call.
p ENTLKMAN WELL ACQUAINTED IN
VI city can find profitable employment by ad-
dressing G., box 95, this office.
'OR SALE — $»0: GOOD PAYING 2-CHAIK
1 barber-shop. JONES <fc O'FAKRELL.
"MEW WALDO HOUSE, 785 MISSION. BET.
Xi -3d and 4th— sin-le furnished rooms, night 15c
to 60c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; UOT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents.
OOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 60c TO f 1 50
per week. Oriental, 226 Drumm st. ■
"ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
ery St., clerks and laborers to call If they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
\\r ANTED -MEN TO ARN BARBER
»' trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. 8. F. Barber School, 1516 Howard.
CLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT:
acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
UOURQUIN«a CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
1 * Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutter
CALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
/ half-solelng 25c up. 969 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
7 " ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A CO., Dept, L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
EST IN CITY— « E ROOMS, 16, 20 AND
26 cents per night: $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorfl sts.
W' ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers«tclerKs. KNO_ Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
re'.ary Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
ARBERS 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Kec'y, P. C. Hamann, 288% O'Farrell.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
I ' sis. ; single furnished rm» 75c week, 16c night.
JUST OPEN; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
Pacific st., below Kearny; lodging half price, sc.
10c, 16cpr night ;cleanbeds,sunny rooms.no bunks
FOR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10-CENT
meal try 13% Grant aye.; coffee a specialty. -
ANTED— _ABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms; 25c per night; 91 to $3 per week.
VY r HAT CHEEK HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
" St.; 200 rooms; best In the city single rooms
.20 and 25c a night, 91 a week: meals 10c.
EN'S %-SOLING 60c: LADIES' 40c: DONS
while yon wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hoiei.
IMA MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 15c
X\'\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. :■
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep It. ,
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 '25. 662 Mission.
LCHO HOUSE, 863% MARKET ST.—
I Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c night; $1 to $5 week.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 26 cents . a night; reading-
room; free bus to and from the ferry. ■• .
I^REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
X also a bottl tor lager. sc, at 637 Clay st. ....
Tkv acme house, «.io7 market st., bb-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: 91 a week. . ' |
ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 160 A DAY; $1
v»ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room; dally papers. - 36 Clay st. .
AGENTS WANTED. ~~
E WANT AGENTS FOR-LEATHER.SUS.
penders; good terms. 1332 Sacramento st.,S.F.
A GOOD ARTICLE FOR A . LIVE AGENT.
Address WIKSTER & CO., fan Francisco. ?
HOUSES WANTED. ~
WANTED— IN, ROSS VALLEY^' FOR JUNE
" and July, a we'.l-furnished bouse of 10 or 12
rooms. : Address, with price and particulars, 1358
Post st- . . -..■■-■
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
ellT^JuTr^bwk^CT^t^in^anluTe^vv"
elrv 10 A. KLEIN. IU3 Sixth St.: send postal.
; ATTORNEYS- AT-LAw!
L'^rp^lLXlpS/uTsTA^D^TATE^TjoiaRTS'
• damage. suits; law of probate and divorce;
charges moderate. ■ Offices, 608 California st. ;. ?
A DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
■£\- alty; private; | no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, • collections, wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended 10. G. W. Hu WE. att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
\f ;J. NOLEN, ATTORNE Y-AT-LaW. 719
■ITX. Market st.; advice free. :
•T : J. MURRAY, ATTY AND COUNSELOR AT
x . la : advice free. 24 Sixth at., rooms 14, 15.
VAT W.DAVIDSON, ATTORNE 420
' ' California su, rooms 14 ana 15; advice tree.
BUSINESS CHANCES. ' . .
©^rTn7r^^ Tl^^^^SoirßusiNEss on
tJpOUUU. account of sickness. For sale, a
desirable liquor ■ store, located - north - near
Market; comprising large stock of wines, liquors,
etc.; valuable horses, , wagons; stock invoices
fully the amount asked ; big bar trade; grandest
bargain ever offered: full investigation; no sale if
not as represented. STENBERG CO., 632 Market,
oppositle Palace hoteL : - -
OliOjiA 26-CENT MEAL RESTAURANT
(s__l'U. and building; will take part payment
or part city property; good fixtures; No. 1 business
bargain. STENBERG CO., 632 Market street.
(_. eA, PARTNER RESTAURANT <TO AT-
©iOU.'und cash counter and assist: owner
good cook. STENBERG CO., 632 Market, opp.
Palace. ■■ - - ■ • • • ■ - . -
_»QrA PARTNER; RESTAURANT BUSI-
(3)OOv/. ness: 926 dally; can be Increased;
guarantees 975 monthly. STENBERG & CO.,
632 Market st. •. ■ . .-■■.' ■ - • ■
m. nnAA TRANSFER AND EXPRESS COM-
tJr_I_iUU. pany; established many years; large
trade . with leading business bouses: ' first-class
horses; 4 wagons: clears over . $300. monthly;
splendid opportunity to secure steady profitable
business with sure income: thorough investigation
allowed; <" correct representation guaranteed.
ST— .NBERG A CO., 632 Market st. ■■
<2»QAA CORNER SALOON; DOING GOOD
•JpijUU. business: value In sight; receipts aver-
age $12: full investigation to party meaning busi-
ness. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market at.,
IF YOU WANT TO BKLL OR BUY A BUSI.
ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall ave-
(2.QAAA FINE GROCERY BUSINESS; 3
«JptsUUvr. horses and wagons; doing $75 per day
business; paying well; fine locality; only object
for selling going back to Europe; investigate this
fine place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
C? 1 Ann PA RI^ERJELEGA NT BU SI NESS ;
tjplLM'U. object of partner to enlarge business;
full investigation. T. LUBELSKL 7 City Hall aye.
©1 E*{\(\ FINE NEWSPAPER . ROUTE OF
«H)XUUU. all the newspapers of San Francisco
and also news-stand and magazine depot paying
at present above all expenses $120 per month, in
the finest northern town in the State. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©97c BARBER-SHOP, LAUNDRY OFFICE
«IP_i I O. and cigar-store with '£ fine living-rooms
and yard: cheap rent, good locality and doing well:
must sell on account of ill health: fall Investiga-
tlon. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©lOC NICE RESTAURANT: GOOD LO-
<3> L_!«J. callty: cheap rent; must sell at once: a
bargain. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
€i 1 (\C\(\ ONE OF THK NEATEST
tjPj.v/Uv/« new and second-hand businesses
In the city; elegant stock; cheap rent; fine local-
ity and rare bargain If taken soon: object, of sell-
ing, sickness. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<S*~\ CA NICE RESTAURANT IN FINE
«4pXUI/. locality; cheap rent and doing a good
business: the only reason for selling must go East
on account of sickness in family: see this snap at
I once. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. '
(fij'JXn LAUNDRY ROUTE; HORSE, WAG-
«Uj— - «J'/. on and harness; route is paying from
$10 to 915 a week; the fullest Investigation given;
the wagon is new and worth nearly the amount
asked. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<Jfel £\(\(\ HALF-INTEREST IN NEW PAT-
♦IPXUvI/. ent nlckel-in-slot machine; superior
to all others: field to place hundreds: rare chance
for right party to devote his entire time and make
big money; investigate this chance and see ma-
chine. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. ■
"VTOTICE— PARTIES WISHING TO BUY, SELL
-Li or exchange lodging-bouses, or any other busl-
ness, try JOHNSON A CO., 26% Kearny st.
liUNE-PAYING CIGAR-STORE; MARKET
St.; value in sight; clearing $4 daily over ex-
penses: make offer. JOHNSTON. 26% Kearny.
C_QCA PARTNER; LIGHT MANUFACTUR-
<JpO«J\/. ing business: full value In sight; good
reasons for selling; established trade. 26% Kearny.
ft I l\(\(\ LIVERY AND BOARDING STA-
«iPJ-V/VV/. ble: partner wanted; large first-class
business: clears 9200 to $275 per month; positive
proof or no sale: owns 15 good livery horses; a full
equipment of carriages, hacks, buggies, etc.; 20
regular boarders; this business is actually cheap
at $1500, but the proprietor finds too much to do,
needs help and will sacrifice to secure good reli-
able man for the office work, collecting, look after
help, etc; Investigate this. GEO. STEWART, 602
Market Bt., Crocker building, downstairs. -
UU'>AA PARTNER WANTED IN PROFIT-
i£>£.\J\J. aole manufacturing business; sure
large trade; money to be invested in the business;
no previous experience required; $20 per week
each sore; full proof given. KENNY. 766 Market.
Q.A X(\ SALOON WITH 4 ROOMS; BENT
tJDttclU. $30; good business location; kept by
owner last 8 years; good chance for man and wife.
WILKE «fe WOLF. 631 California.
URANCH BAKERY AND DELICACY STORE;
XJ very cheap; bargain. HEP ARTY, 1004 Market.
UTCHER SHOP: GOOD LOCALITY: MUST
J * be sold this week. Address. Butcher, box 105,
Call. -
ARGAIN, GROCERY AND BAR, CREAM
trade; rent $15; Allocation: good reasons for
selling: LYNCH & GERRY, 935 Market st,
ffl»]9P.n RESTAURANT DOING LARGE
yD iO\J. business; good prices: near three
theaters; actual value $2000: family affairs reason
of selling. WILKE <fc WOLF, 631 California st.
ffij'l (\f\'\ SHOESTORE FOR SALE; A WELL
«y}Xv/UV/. established trade, with a clean, good
stork: a fine opportunity for a live shoe man: ill
health of owner the canse of selling; parties mean-
ins business offered extra inducements. J. B.
MIHAN. 609 Kearny st.
PARTNER WANTED— S2OOO WILL PUR-
X chase an interest in a business enterprise that
advertiser will guarantee and prove will clear from
$45,000 to $55,000 in the next 18 months: this Is
110 take, but a strictly legitimate business proposi-
tion, that we solicit the most rigid investigation:
best of city references exchanged; don't answer
unless yon have the money. Address P. W., box
70. Call Office. -
(JfiCn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
<ijpyJi)\J. with living-rooms: full value in stock;
Western Addition; partners don't agree; bargain.
WILKE & WOLF, 631 California st.
TO LEASE IN MAYFIELD. SANTA CLARA
X County, Occidental Hotel and bar: rent 925.
Apply C. DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st. rj " ■
WANTED— PAYING GROCERY AND BAR;
reasonable; or suitable store with rooms: will
wait if building: 110 agents. C. H., 1818 Polk st,
fIjOAA DELICACY AND DAIRY STORE,
»IP_.V/V/. with living-rooms: in Mission; low rent.
WILKIE A WOLF, 631 California st.
CHANCE OF A NO. 1 nOKSESHOERTO ES-
VJ lablish himself: little capital required. 1825
Powell st.
C-7AA CORNER BARROOM ON WATER
<ir • 1/1/ . front; 1 block from Market st-; good
paying place; owner must leave for East. WILKE
& WOLF. 531 California st, . .
"U'OR SALE— HOUSE OF 30 FURNISHED
X I rooms with bar: everything complete: cause of
sale, leaving the city; no agents. Address L. H.
box 32, Call office. ■
fl_l FvAA SAMPLE-ROOM IN VERY CHOIC-
4pi*J\J\J. est location: -first-class trade; • rent
$60: owner has to leave at once for Dakota. ; Call
WILKB <fc WOLF, 531 California st.
ffi»T IAA COFFEE AND OYSTEK HOUSE;
<IpXXV/V/. near Baldwin. DECKER, 1020 Mar-
ket st
atOKflfV IN STOCKTON. FURNISHING
tg)OO\J\J. goods and hat store; best location In
the city; long lease. Apply Guilletin, 108 El
Dorado St., Stockton. Cal.
<3» QC ■ BRANCH BAKERY, GROCERIES.
%S)i?U. candles and dairy produce store: 2 fur-
nished housekeeping rooms complete; rent $13.
Inquire Call Office; no agents.
T7IOR SALE— FINE CHICKEN RANCH AND
X stock, rent 912. GEO. PILTZ, cor. Berlin and
Barrow sts., San Brnnoroad.
<%1 000 -*-KTNER; HAY, GRAIN, COAL
<P- L . V ' and wood business: dwelling, barn
and stable; leased ground: low rent; good stock.
horses, wagons; full value. J., box 15, this office!
THE BEST-PAYING DAIRY AND DELI-
-i- cades business, in good location; must be sold
at a sacrifice. Apply MRS. KUHN. 1406 Polk st.
POOD CHEAP RESTAURANT FOR SALE
VX for $160; downtown. Call 722 Howard st.
GOOD COFFEE AND LUNCH PLACE FOR
sale: cheap; long lease. C. H., box 29, Call.
AN AND WIFE WANT A BUSINESS
lX state particulars. Address A. P.. box 120. Call.
RESTAURANT; CHEAP; CASH TRADEJ
X 7 ? e iV. Dg . on aceo <H»' sickness. Inquire 1136 or
3281 Mission.
$1 50 NAP: MUST BE S0LI) : BRANCH
JU'J-CV. bakery, notions, candies; good trade;
fine location : good living-rooms. Apply 110 Sixth.
'sftl 7fS LADY DESIRES PARTNER. IN
ffx 24,YhteTfflg mak ' ng bUB ' DeBS - AadreM U '
T KA 2 l BUSINESS FOR SALE: 10 HORSES
c7.i,? v. lumber wagons with good trade; will be
Mom ome I rv Part CaSh * McJiW £N BROS., 11l
FbiUfP^l^ - FIRST-CLASS DELICACIES;
.h» "' er eggs and dairy produce store on one of
the principal business streets of the city good
business and location unsurpassed: 2 livin«-rooW
l.orse and wagon; owner must sell at a sacrifice 1
elegant place for man atidwfe- invi^ti-mo thi. 1
Apply 2312 Fillmore St.. near Clkv. " ate tnls -
sfif> BRANCH BAKERY AND VARIETY
<J>UO. store, a bargain. 869 Folsom, Fifth,
A L . B ANY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH.
-1- .NE. cor. Everett st, for sale. ? *««Jxv A _,
lAm.X «9 E sikks , GEN TLEMAN partner
Mason st. : PayS Proposition. Room 2, 12
$1500 WOJ * TH l -'«00; GOOD BLACK-
Sri^hr , To? mUn Dusln ess in a thriving town;
UnS a i ?e: S « i? : c l'f<ken-ynrd: half acre good
land. Address B. 8., box 9. Call office.
T^OR SALE — NEAK OAKLAND. HORSE,
wagon, harness, nine dozen chickens; also
growing crop and fruit of 16 acres; all for $250
cash. C, A. A., Call Office. Oakland.
OMALL NEAT BHOESHOP FOR SALE
kJ cheap. 204% Leavenworth St., near Turk.
Partner wanted on place" of 6
J- acres In full bearing orchard: stocked with hogs
»nd poultry; near Oakland; low rent. E. HILL,
34 Donohoe building. ■ : ■- :
I^OR SALE OR TRADE— SALOON ON CITY
, x . front; doing fine business: bargain. . Room 88,
Chronicle building. -: ■.■-•-■_-./■ ; ■ :v-.
GJ.ROCERYAND BAR: TRANSFER CORNER;
v* no agents. . Apply this office. ■: ■ . •
CARRIAGE AND ■ WAGON SHOP; GOOD
V^ business; 17 years in same block. Apply this
, office. ■;■.- • - ■ ■ ■ ■■ % ■"; ■ .■■
BUSINESS CHAN C~S— Continued:
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS RIGHT AWAY
.1 see or send to STANLEY, 21% Third st. ■ . .
<n»r>rrk RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCATION:
<Jp _.DU. 2 rooms; well fitted suite for man and
wife or 2 partners: great bargain." .- STANL'V,
21% Third st. .--'- "■■ ■':.'■■'-
<sK9P;n GROCERY AND BAR; GOODTRADE;
tJP-jQI/. rooms; low rent. STANLEY.2I V 3 Thlrd.
dftyf rrr .RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCALITY;
«jptt I O. receipts $20 day: low rent. 21% third.
/CIGARS. NOTIONS, • LAUNDRY OFFICE;
\J good trade: must sell. STANLEY, 21% Third.
CHEAP: A GOOD-PAY SALOON; OWNER 1
V^ leaving city. Apply 624 Sacramento St.. ;
<JJ» 17p. O SALOON; KEPT BY - PRESENT
«Ip X I O\J. ovnor 7 years; rent $60; mint -for
the right man. ! B. L., box 49, Call Office.*
If OR SALE — GROCERY AND BAR CHEAP.
' Apply 721 Pol hr st. ■ •
BUSINESS CHANGES.
AVING RESIGNED THE AGENCY OF
Hamburg-American line on the Ist inst., I
have this day sold my office at 401 California st.
All unfinished business will be a. tended toby my
successors, or at my office, 14, 2d floor, Mills jblde;
accou nts and bills < ue me are payable to me only, '
and all amounts owing by me will be paid on ore-
sentation of claim. A.W. M i ER. S.F. April 22,'9tf.
LODGING-HOUSES . FOR SALE.
"stJeNBERG^CO^632" MARKET^ StT^"-^ '.-
. 18 room, corner house $500 :
42 rooms; clears $125; trial given 800
22 rooms on Market ...:.... 700
Highest cash price paid for furniture. • • - 
M. SPECK &,CO. HAVE MONEY TO LOAN.
• 60 rooms, clears 9150 .' 91600
40 rooms, corner, clears $-00...'...'........... 1600
18 rooms, fine, clears 960 650
A. M. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st.
mjOC A ROOMING HOUSE; NINE ROOMS
tTJS^«JV. always full; good location : nice house :
central; great bargain. STANLEY, 21% Third.
<B» 1 CAQOR LESS — 25-ROOM CORNER
10- room house, worth 91000; price j.... 9400
40 rooms; fine for trauscieut.... 700
20 rooms on Fourth St., only gOUi
16 rooms on Taylor 5t...:.. ...;. 75' J.
45 rooms on Market st 250J
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
©17c LODGING-HOUSE 10 ROOMS AND"'
(jpllu. bath; rent 910. 128% Ninth st,
I TOR SALE-LODGING-HOUSE: 40 ROOMS;.
■ 470% Seventh st. and 856 Washington st.
Apply on premises, next to depot, Oakland.
T7«LAT 30 ROOMS WELL FURNISHED, COR-
T ncr of Fourth and Howard (No. 145 and
776) streets. Inquire of the landlady. " * ' ■ "
_ FURNITURE FOR SALE. •
IRE SALE7~^~^ ~* / 
Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. '^•'..-■' V • ■ s *
Oak bed sets .................$lB 51
Bed lounges 8 00-
Stoves ;... 7 s(>
Carpets, per yard.... „ 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard... ; ■ 10-
Till our new building Is erected these prices wilt
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. i.
NOON AN. -
HO. KRASKY. FURNITURE AND BED.
• ding; new folding-beds, $9 and np; step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 1 773 Missio 1.
AAA CARPKTS; . CHAMBER BETS, 914;
tUU stoves, 95: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
910; bed-lounges. 97. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW $7. »
*1 jjedloungea trimmed with plush $5 511
Brussels Carpet, laid ...45c up
English Linoleum, laid 400 up
Window shades In 5 colors .;....... -.250 up
BHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market st* opposite
Grant avenue: no branch stores.
furniture WANTED. '<■■_
ANTED — SECOND-HAND" FURNITURB
for country: pay good price, 7 City Hall aye.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkin.
BBFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 BUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
« ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
H Mayer BUYS your furniturw,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; teL Jessie 76L
pALL ON J. 5 MUTHER, 621 KEARNY, 19
\J you want highest cash price for your furniture,
carpels, pianos, or merchandise of any kind. - '.'
M ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to nil country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth at.
CARPET CLEANING. I
p ARPETS CLiEA^fE^TscTX^YARDTLAID^to
VJ Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
" poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama su; tel. So. 40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. 333
\J- Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
TONES CO. CARPET - CLEANING AND
0 renovating works. Main office 35 and 27- Bth.
p RKAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET C'LEAN-
*J ing Works. Tel. So. 676; 14 Bth at. B. Gbast.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
p REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
VJT Ing works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.otHce 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 253.
ARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO., successors.'
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 24U
. 14th St.: cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. orating works. 453 Stevenson: t»l. south 228.
HORSES.
G^^oo^^o^eT^uTta^lX^o^T^e^dle^
cheap. 1110 Bryant. ":.
A A HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
ttU buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednti*-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
"I AA SIiTS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; AM.
XW«' kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, . carts;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
ORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial su
IF YOU WANT TO BUY, SELL OR EX-
X change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will find It to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth sts.: auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN.
proprietor. 8. WATKINs, auctioneer. .-"■••;
1 C A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
i-%J\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers: sand-wagons. 1128 Mission si.
T\B. C. H. WEBTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
-1 t g-eon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital. 121 City Hal! aye.: telephone south 401.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ...
"171 INE TRAP; : 5» LOW PHAETONS: 3 OPEN
X I surreys; 3 canopy-top surreys: 2 extension top
rockaways: 2 dogcarts; 1 carryfour. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts. , ■ ' . . ■ •■•
FOR SALE— BIISCEIiIiANEOUS. *•«
TMPROVED HIGH-ARM SINGER; OAK AT-'
X tachments; 915. 2437 Mission st-, near Twen-
ty-first. . ; .. . . ......
BOUT 100 GOOD DRY BOARDS, MOSTLY
planed, 8 to 11 feet long and 8 and 12 inches
wide, 1 Vie per foot; sell any quantity : maps San
Francisco 1849-1894 15c. JONES, 647 Mission st,
T,^RESH FAMILY DURHAM COW; MILKS 20
X I quarts rick milk. 1312 Folsom st, . "■,
IGH GRADE '95 BICYCLES; 930 TO 960.
Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes st.
'7AA KNABK PIANO >VI_L BE SOLD
) I \}\J for $195. PIANO BE SOLD
I I \f\J for 9195. Apply immediately, UNCLJS
ARRIS, 15 Grant aye. . 4
COLTS, REMINGTON. PARKER AND 2 FINJfi
\J faammerless shoteuns for one-third their value
at UN» LE HARRIS', 16 Grant aye. ■ .
IRE-PROOF SAFE WITH BURGLAR
chest; cheap. D. N. HAWI.EY; 318 Markeu
BOILERS.ENGINES.2D-H AND MACHINERY^
XJ waterptpeg. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ABY CARRIAGES and RATTAN FUBNJ-
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission
\J UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
,XJ doors, mantels, eta, for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LA ROE. SIZ IB
. fire and barg'.sr proof safe. 109, 111 Market su
IRE AND burglar safe, letter-
press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay.
ATEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
IN hand. : vV. a RAY Mfc Co., 12 California su
IOUNT E X S, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
/ bought and sold 1121% Market bet. 7in and at a
~~ PROPOSALS. — — —
"PROPOSALS RAISING AND EN-
X Urging . a school building, for heating and
ventilating • school building, for building, a
concrete bulkhead and for constructing water
closets.— Sealed proposals will be received by the
Superintendent of Common Schools, in open ses-
sion of the Board of Educatiou, new City Hall
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, May 13 1896
at 6:30 o'clock p. m., lor raising and enlarging me
Bernal Heights Primary School building, tor heat-
ing and ventilating said bulMins: for recons'nict-
ing a concrete bulkhead at the North Cosmopoli-
tan Grammar School, . and - constructing . water
closets at the Columb a Grammar, and Harrison
Primary schools, in accordance with plans and
specifications <aud conditions named therein) at
the office Of CHARLEs I. HAVENS, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. boar.l reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
qulre. ■ OE'iROR B ■■: A NSTON, Secretary.
• STORAGE. ; " >'■ *
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
proof bnlldlng; advances made. 211 Larkin.
L^^hnM X £2F 5 - FURNIT URE . PIANOS,"
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. fierce, 735 Market!
T JSv?_J° N . EY -w 722 MISSION-STORAGE AT
J. .reduced rates: basement storage,9l 50 per load
A' 'L »F a ?URNITURE CO., 132ELL18;
-ex. low rates; -fire-proof building; Eastern plat-..
A?n~ Y .£ U « l ?,4 TES FOR STORING FURNI.
,-X ture. etc, SHIREK A shirks 747 MarkeuHOUSES TO LET.
TTOUSE-915; 5 ROOMS AND~B ASEMEV?
2 rooms rented furaished. 17 Laskie St., off
Mission, near Ninth. '
"USE; 9 ROOMS; SUITABLE FOR BUST
■ness: cheap. 421 Powell street.
6 ?°°, M k, AN ,P BATH, CHEAP; WITH ROOM
U for stable. Cor. Twenty-second and Harrison.
HOUSE 7 ROOMS; MODERN IMPROVE-
mentg. 1216 Treat aye.. opp. Garfield square.
701 6HOT WELL, COR. TWENTY-FIRST-10
•TO • 11S9V- , bat1 1 ' *l° : 2 8 Hill. 7 rooms, bath,
*30: 1139 Valencia. 8 rooms, bath. $26: 929 vi
Natoma, 6 rooms, 516; 105 Diamond, cottage.l
g^er'y^t $15. W. H. CKUI & CO., 118 Montr
$10 SS 1 ??.?? THMk SUNNY ROOMS
*" -»- v/ « and finished basement. 534 Ivy aye.
APPRECIATED IF SEEN— B UTTER?
jn. near Jones: choice for doctor or dressmaker.
fPHO 917 TREAT AVK., NEAR twenty-
yxv/. second: house 6 rooms; large yard.
TTOUSE— 7 ROOMS; MODERN IMPROVE-
xxments; garden; 730 Capp; also neat hall to
tent. Steiner and Herman.
' 'Q'-iO HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH: MODERN.
j <POl>. 1723 Clay sC near Van Ness aye. .
«£4?: 1731 BROADWAY, NR. GOUGH ST.-
l i '\~* J ' Housed rooms, with every convenience
•in hot air furnace and marine view.
. ' rpo LET -AN ELEGANT NEW MODERN
* x house: 9 room 3, bath and finished basement;
8419 Jackson at.: marine view: rent reasonable.
« ; " V ILL E. FISHER CO., 34 Post St.
W E RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
'* treat people right. BALDWIN A HAM-
M"N1) .10 Montgomery
FURNISHED HOUSES.
TO RENT— FOR 3OR 8 MONTHS, NICELY
furnished 8-room cottage on Pacific Heights.
Call 412 Montgomery st.
TTANDSOMfcT.Y~FURNISHED HOUSE OF
. XX 10 rooms: rent cheap. 538 McAllister.
• • FURNISHED FLATS.
H^aTBsOMK LY~ D^OMTL^TELY^tfR"-
nishftl; 8 rooms and bath; marine view; sun
• on three aides: piano and machine left li desired;
rent #35. 2705 Laguna St., near Vallejo.
C UNNY HANDSOMELY FURNISHED FLOOR
Oof 4 rooms, bath, etc : so. table for family or ;
hysician: reasonable. 91 3 Polk, near Geary.
\ COTTAGES TO LET.
C?l A COTTAGE, 6 ROOMsT,~CELLAR "AND
yll. water., Call 326 Fifth st. !
0 QU.NNV COTTAGKS: 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
■* M large basement : yard. Cor. Dolores and 15th.
Q7 COTTAGE IN THE MISSION: 4 BOOMS;
* Ql- 2 blocks from cars. 360 Jessie st.
COTT A gTeTs^ ROOMS: BATH: WITH STABLE.
■?722 Folsom. near Twenty-third.
pOTTAGK WITH SI ABLE-9~ROOMS AND
A bath: rent $20. 529 Noe st.
FLATS TO LET. ~
* BHOW.MiI) COURT, FOURTH- UI'PER
_ floor - 5 sunny rooms, if 14; lower 4 rooms, 13.
ELEGANT FLAT OF 7 "ROOMS AND BATH.
Twenty-firs^ St.. near Valencia.
% 1 >-in 7 STEINER. NEAR SUTTER—
XOyf I flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
•t> FLATS: 4 a.nd J 5 ROOMS: BATH; MOD-
• 217% and 219% Twenty st. •
Q. 9A MODERN UPPER FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
3 Q^y . and bath. 711 Fifteenth st. nr. Market.
' < • )(\ 1425 a SACRAMENTO, NEAR HYDE—
, «£)— Upper flat of 5 sunny rooms and bath.
" 'OH (A NEW SUNNY FLAT OF 4 ROOMB AND
AJPXU.hath. 1228b Union st.; very cheap.
'LAT; 4 SUNNY ROOMS: $12. 610 Natoma
-I St., near Seventh.
•; 9 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLATS; 4 AND 5
-* rooms: bath. Cor. Polk and Jackson ats.
Cj 1 9 TO LET— NEW LOWER FLAT OK 6
• tjjjj.-*. rooms and bath, yard and basement.
Twenty-fourth St., near Sanchez; electric-cars pass
. the door. .
"■VTEW CORNER BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 6
. Xi rooms and bath; sun all day: SW. cor. Mission
and Thirteenth sts. : rent $26.
Q»Q .UPPER FLAT, 3 ROOMS: ALSO LOWER
• ' <SjC/. flat, 3 rooms and bath. 418 Fulton st.
TTi IN E SUNNY FLATS OF 3 ROOMS; 24
j -X: Freelon st-.'.nr. Fourth; rent low. . ; v. ; . -
LIBERTY' ST. (NOB HILL OF THE
Mission)— New flat, 6 rooms, bath: all
modern improvements; rent «27 51 - ; , ' - ■•>;■•
i£l O • 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIR-
" O-LO. .teentb St., above Valencia.
Q 1 A NEW SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT, 4
<4j>Xl. rooms, bath and yard. 417 Twenty-sec-
ond st.,- near Howard. . - — ■. .:
\d-99 PAGE— LOWER FLAT, 6 FINE SUNNY
" j^i— ' rooms; yard; modern improvements ; fur-
nished or unfurnished. . -. .
*11 33 HOWARD-NICE SUNNY 4-ROOM
1100 flat; large yard; cheap rent.
" TTPPER FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND BATH. 1625 Vi
" «J Pine St., above Van Ness aye.
ODKRN" FLAT: 7 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH;
$23 60. 9a 1 Harrison. :
<3t\Q TO RENT-UPPER FLAT; 8 ROOMS.
<£)XO. 666 Mission st.
A EACH: 3 SUNNY FLATS: 3 ROOMS;
i*!x-\J yard; basement. 810-812 Ellis at.
QUNNY FLATS: ~3 AND 4 ROOMS ;~B
* k> garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post,
' 1 1 Q WILLIAM— FLAT OF 5 ROOMS, BATH,
* XXt7 to let: furniture for sale.
Q-Q SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 5 ROOMS. 412
♦TrO. Eureka st., between Twenty -first and
Twenty-second.
. LXT, 6 ROOMS, $14: ALSO COTTAGE, 4
J' rooms, yard, cellar, $11. 629 Second st., near
Branuan. .
" 1 OWER flat OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
JJ side of street; rent $9 a month. 416 Hlngo'd
St., bet. Eighth and Ninth. Harrison and Folsom.
79^1 MCALLISTER — FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
• l<"l>a modern improvements; rent reduced.
MODERN SUNNY UPPER 4-ROOM FLAT
I*l 1694 Page st., cor. Clayton, Go.den Gate Park.
WANTED — GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
» » flats; special terms; $10 up. SPECK & CO.,
■■ €02 Market st.
TYrE RENT many flats BECAUSE WE
>> treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
E" LEG aNT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
■low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
4 >VEr.K : Si~NEWS~FOR 5 CENTS— THE
-'. -"V WF.EKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
U~ HOI MKEEPINti BOOMS,
laker Street.
41 QUAKER, BET. HAVES AND GROVE—
- . "It? '_' n«at!y furnished rooms for housekeeping
or single; private family: bath: reasonable.
Hush Street.
• 1 1 1 q BUSH-LARGE ALCOVE: pleasant
. X-rlO home: private family: reasonable: refnes.
*...* "- . . Bryant Street.
; 430 BRYANT-l, I OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS;
• ,?«- > VJ furnished for housekeeping.
California street, • . • ~
95R1 C I A IOKSIA - 3 ELEGANTLY FUR-
*-u*j±- nished rooms and baths for liousekeei>-
- Ing;. cheap. *
1 U<iy street. **
£39 :ni ', V - SUNNY PARLORS; HOUSE-
XjO^i keeping and other rooms; cheap. "•> ~^i
1-"U street, i >.---
532 r^rni^bafh^^ ro "™"»
. [ Fifth Street. "
09c FIFTH — FURNISHED HOUBEKEEP-
ing, 3 rooms, $1 3 a month ; alngle? $6?
Killmore Street. ■ !
-QIO .2 BUNNY FURNISHED HOUSEKEFP-
C> 1 V ' Ing rooms. 2208% FlUinorc si, nr! ay.
~* J'oUoin street. " —
1 941 foi.som, COR. ninth -sunny
X £fX\- front bay-window rooms.complete ; S8 up.
I^.l 1 FOLSOM-ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
XT xx floor; 3 or 4 rooms; completo for house-
keeping. m^
Franklin Street.
99 FRANKLIN— 2 SUNNY NICELY FUR-
rs.£j^i nlshed- rooms for housekeeping.
■.- &iX\ Fulton Street.
lift FULTON— LARGE ROOMS COMPLETE
XXXt for housekeeping; large yard; $10. - -
l.cary St.. eet. ,
91 71 GEARY - LARGE FURNISHED
/jX. I £ housekeeping room; rent $7: key at 217.
1 497 GEARY — SECOND &TORY; F I'ONT
1 tr*-J I and bark parlor: unfurnished; kitchen;
gas; range; references. : .-'
Harriet Street.
3 HARRIET, OFF HOWARD, NEAR SIXTH-
-2 sanny furnished housekeeping rooms; $9.
9Q HARRIET — FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
jLO housekeeping. . ,
Harrison Street.
C)nC)rj HARRISON— 2 ROOMS, $0: 4 ROOMS,
jLKjZi I $8; furnished or unfurnished lor house-
keeping. . > - .'.-''■
«.... .-h.^ Hickory, Avenue.. .-...„, .
1 fid HICKORY' AYE., COR. FRANKLIN— 3
. XUU sunny fnralshed rooms for housekpnt;: $15.
Howard Street.
I7GI 1 HOWARD — NICELY PtTfiirMHElJ
i D J a bay .window suite with kitchen; othci» 1. »-
sonable. ■ . ...
1 f\nr\ HOWARD— 2 NEATLY FUBNISHiiD
' IUIU rooms for housekeeping; bath: 9.
* oOR 4 ROOM *-. FOR HOUSEKEEPING ;
O cheap. 1806 Howard at. .
-1 (\a.Q HOWARD — HOUSEKEEPINO AND
IUDO single rooms.
HOJPSJEJKEErDfG^KooaisI-Contlnned.'
. . Xiytle Street.
m A HYDE— SUNNY FURNISHED REAR
A±\J room; stove, water, etc.: rent $5.
Lurk in Street.
1 007 LARKIN - SUNNY .FURNISHED
X \J\J < front rooms with kitchen; gas; bath.
JQO LARKIN-NKATLY FURNISHED BAY-
riOO window housekeeping rooms; rent reason-
able. :■■';-
Mason Street.
n -MASON — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
housekeeping: reasonable.
Market Street.
i "1 QO,I MARKET. NEAR VAX NESS— I OR 2
-i O—tt sunny housekeeping rooms; gas stove;
folding bed.
McAllister Street.
A A MCALLISTER — front SUNNY and
"v housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
CQQ MCALLISTER-SUNNY PARLOR AND
000 upper floor; nicely furnished, complete for
housekeeping; reasonable.
.Minna Street..
r.A(i MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
O ±U housekeeping: large yard.
illusion > tree 1.
QQQ MISSION — LARGE SUNNY BASE-
-000 ment. $9; also well-furnished housekecp-
Ing rooms. $8. ■
1O C 1 MISSION, COB. NINTH — 3 FUR-
l^ul nlshed housekeeping rooms; $12.
Moss Street.
1 o MOSS. off HOWARD, near seventh—
10 2 or 8 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Ootavla Street.
9£f: OCTA VIA— 2 HANDSOME ROOMS COM-
£.\JO plete for housekeeping.
I A (\O OCTA VIA ST., COR. GEARY— SUNNY
X."il'G housekeeping rooms; furnished or un-
furnished^ __^_
Pearl Street. .
Q PEARL ST., COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTA-
• > via— 2 or 3 sunny corner rooms, well furnished
for housekeeping; water and sink.
Perry Street.
11717 PERRY— 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
II I keeping rooms; bath; hot and cold water.
Point Lobos Avenue.
91 90 POINT LOBOS AYE.— 3 SUNNY FUR-
— 1 — I" nlshed rooms, housekeeping; bath; all
conveniences; $12; no children.
Seventh Street.
I AC) SEVP.NTH— SUNNY FRONT SUITES;
1 'i— also single and housekeeping rooms; cheap.
Silver Street.
1 OF. SILVER, NEAR FOURTH-2 FUR-
X U« ) nisbed sunny rooms for housekeeping.
Mith Street.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST iN THE CITY:
cozy housekeeping and other rooms.
South I'arK.
AQ SOUTH PARK— PARLOR FLOOR; 2 OR 3
t:O rooms: rent $20: light housekeeping.
Stevenson Street.
AAQ STEVENSON, COR. UNFUR-
Tcv/O nlshed rooms for housekeeping.
Gutter Street.
7Q9 SUTTER— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
i O£ for housekeeping: rent $16.
Third Street.
IAO THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
HO room; complete; bath; gas.
00 A THIRD — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
-001 keeping rooms: water free: rent $6 and $7.
Twelfth Street.
1^- TWELFTH, COR. HOWARD— NICELY
X~tO furnished rooms for housekeeping; reason-
able. ,
Valencia Street.
90ft VALENCIA— 2 BAY-WINDOW ROOMS
£.\J\t furnished for housekeeping; water; bath;
gas; $14. - - * -
Van >esR Avenne.
1 091 VAN NESS AYE.. COR. GEARY ST.-
Xvf^X Front sunny suite, 3 rooms and kitchen;
complete; also sunny large room, $10.
I AC\CK VAN NESS AYE.— ELEGANTLY FUR-
XTtUU nished parlor floor; complete for house-
keeping: piano.
. ,' ROOMS TO LET. ~~
Brannan Street.
79' BRANNAN, ABOVE SIXTH— SUNNY
I —"' kitchen and bedroom, furnished: $7.
Bush Street. -
/>9P: BUSH— 2 NICELY FC RNIBHED ROOMS
\J—O tor housekpg; also 1 room for 2 gentlemen.
797 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
I — 4 double and single; light housekeeping. |
IQI 9 BUSH - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
XOXZj suite of rooms; private family; also
others; witb or without board.
Light h Street.
SHERMAT* APARTMENT HOUhE. 28 BTH
O at., near Market; furnlahed and unfurnished. :
tills Street.
rnHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
X H ART. manager — A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot <& cold water.
Garden Street.
91 1 GARDEN-3 ROOMS TO LET CHEAP.
& 1 3 J. DESMOND. .__. _\
. ;.. Oeary Street.
91 Q GEARY— LARGE, FRONT ROOM, SUIT-
~.I.O able for business. Key 217.
QQ9 GEARY— SUNNY SINGLE ROOM ; PRI-
OOii vat* family.
791 GEARY— LARGE HANDSOMELY FUR-
. 4 — J nished alcove room; suitable for gentleman;
reaso able. . . . ~
HE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
J- handsomely furnished suite*, single rooms, $10
per mo. up. 11 01 Geary. bW. cor. Van Ness aye.
Golden tiate Avenue.
Q9H GOLDEN GATE AYE.-LARGE SUNNY
0 — l/alcovi!;2 gnts or couple; $20 ;ai so slngle,sBup
I though Street.
91 A GOUGH - 2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
— <x'.r rooms.
Harrison Street.
QSJO HARRISON — NICE SUNNY ROOM;
U—O good location. ' •
itoHMi-o streo;.
(K^\(\ HOWARD — NICE, SUNNY', .SINGLE
Uuu room: suitable for gentleman. ■
HA 7 HOWARD-SUNNY front DOUBLE
I'll and single room* : also light housekeeping.
Q9QI HOWARD, NEAR FIFTH — UNFUJ:-
yiiO2 nished alcove room; bay-window; grate;
large closet: running water; cheap.
jv'VjfVJ lijd« Street.
7AQB HYDE, NR. POST — NICELY FUR-
-1 \JO nlshed sunny room: use oath: private fain.
•Jones Street.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
sunny room; private; $12.
907 J«.'NKH— THK- VAN WINKLE: NKW
£<\J 4 management: elegant sunny suites and
tingle: newly furnished; bath, etc.: $10 to *:<». -
Kearny street..
A RLIWOTON HOUBE, 127KEARNT—
J\. ant sunny rooms, en euUeand single; flrsiclau
is every respect: terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
Q9R LARKIN -3 CONNECTING ROOMS,
O^dKJ furnished complete for housekpg; central.
' r y. mar Hot street.
YOSEMITR HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
X night, 35c to $1 ; week. $1 50 to $5: families.
- Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY ST., ABOVE.
Mason— Sunny room; 1 or 2: $8. •
Muum -nee:. 1.
667 ¥ 1S^ A l CORKER EIOHTH-NEWLY
uu 4 furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
■ illusion .^t r««i,. ' ;
fit Q MISSION - MCELY FURNISHED
Ul ° rooms: 15c to 60c per night; $1 to $2 week.
763 MI^ SI °* - A FINK SUNNY ROOM
I \JO with stove and double bed. •
EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION-NICELY
Hi lurmsiied rooms, single or en suite; transients.
Oak Street. . ,- . l
1 4 OAK-LARGE FURNISHED ROOM, SUIT-
-11 able for 2 gentlemen, - "ry.7_ u V
11 Q OA .. K - SINNY FURNISHED FRONT
1 X »7 or back parlor; suitable for man and wife
or 2 centlemen; also, front hall room; rent rea-
sonable. •
O'J-arreU (street. . >
-I 99 O'FARKELL - NICELY FURNISHED
i-£t£t room for a gentleman: all 'convenlencen-
central: $7. - , ■-;;■-■ -- . _'
/•91 O'FA RE LL- ELEGANTLY Fu'lV
\JiiX. nlshed suits and single rooms in handsome
private residence. -■ ■-*..-. , - ....
ring Street.
£91 PINE— ROOMS IN SUITE OR SINGLE'
l.lwl $6 up; grate; gas: running water.
..:.- Folk Street.
I 1 QQ POLK, COR. SUTXER, ST. HELEN'S
xxtJO building— Furnished and unfurnished
i sunuy front rooms; reasonable. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 4, 1896.
. TO^J^^-Cwtlnued. .
. Post Street.
GO! POST— NICELY FURNISHED . ROOM
Ut»X for single man; gas; running water; bath;
$5 month. ■ . ■ v
Scott Street.
"I 71 "1 1 SCOTT. BET. SUTTER AND BUSH—
X I 11? Furnished sunny front alcove room:
with gas: agitable for 1 01 2 gentlemen.
• Sixth Street.
00l SIXTH-LARGE "FkONT PARLORS
—Og nicely furnished. ■-::..
1 HOI SIXTH-FURNISHED ROOMS SUIT-
XKJZi'j able for gentlemen. MRS. L. DEAN.
AAC SIXTH — SUNNY DOUBLE ROOMS;
I\JU running water; bath; lar<e garden.
Me on Street.
lOC STEVENSON, FIFTH— 4 ELEGANT
O large rooms: yard; basement; first floor.
Stockton .-street.
1014 STOCKTON— FRONT ROOMS;
X Oil siugle; en suite: also doctor's office; cheap.
Milter tree •
79 SUTTER-3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS: 6
I^U minutes' walk from Kearny; furnished to
suit tenants; gentlemen only; references; private
family. • __^ -
lay lor Street. .' .
"I AQ TAYLOR-SUNNY AND LARGE QUIET
X\JO rooms; closet, water, etc, : $2 a week. "
1 AQ TAYLOR-NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
X.rtO ny front rooms; hot water; bath. ' .
'i'chama Street.
AA Q TEHAMA — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
ttiOroom, well furnished; every convenience.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH ST., NEAR MARKET—
sunny rooms, housekeeping or board.
Tiiird Street.
•nrjXJniESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market; most convenient and respectable: 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 per night ; SI 60 10 $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r*tu : tree boy
Turk Street.
lift TURK— BEAUTIFUL SUNNY SUITE;
XXU newly furnished; single; with convenien-
ces; board optional.
Van lsem« Avenue.
QAOVAN NESS AYE. — NICELY FUR
O\JA nlshed sunny room: closet, etc : -y.-* 1
9^9^ VAN NESS AYE.-LOWER PART OF
i^o^iO house. 4 furnished rooms, bath and laun-
dry: hot and cold water; two entrances.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
p OUGH 's^rNTAR^U^r^R^^ic^ETY~FUsP
*■* nlshed large room; sun all day; suitable for 1
or 2 gentlemen or man and wife: board optional;
German family. Address Reasonable, box 113,
flail Office. ■ ■ . . : ..,; . v \ : -;• -- >•
A ROE SUNNY FRONT ROOM, WITH
dressing-room, for 1 or 2 gentlemen, in a re-
fined private family: breakfast served if desired;
convenient to all cars; 10 minutes' walk, to town;
references exchanged. 815 Eddy st.
T~WO NICE|SUNNY FRONT ROOMS, WITH !
or without board; Also single rooms. 508 V-> '
Jessie St., near Sixth. -
QOX POST, HYDE-NICELY FURNISHD
KJO*J large front room; good board lor 2 gents.
I 11 9 HYDE - SUNNY SUITE, WITH
X"±X.Zj board for 2, $38: single, $18.
r CIO TURK— SUNNY AND NICELY' FUK-
-o^.o nlshed rooms, with or without board.
HYDE— QUIET AND HOMELIKE SUN-
OZ.O ny suites with first-class board. MRS. T.
W. BROTHEKTON. .
1 401 VAN NESS AYE.— A SUNNY SUITE;
XttV/X single rooms, with good board.
171 A. CLAY— SUNNY SUITE OF ROOMS,
X I li newly furnished, with board.
"VTICELY FURNISHED BOOMS; UNSUR-
Xi passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 76c and
$1 per day: $2, $2 60, $3 per week and up; $8 to
$30 mo. Hackmeler's Hotel. GEO.GRUENIO, Pr.
BEST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week, $16 a month, at Hackmeler'a Hotel.
HACKM EIER'S HOTEL. 123-129 EDDY ST.:
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room $6 and $6 a week and up.
OTEL BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
em convenience. .
CHILDREN BOARDED.
\YTA^CTE^^LrTTI^GTRL TO^BOAIIdTreI
'» spectabie family: sunny home. Address W.,
box .',-.'. Call Offl-e. ■ -
SUMMER RESORTS.
BBOOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE:
plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit: good
accommodations. Address Brookalde. Napa.
HOTEL TO LET.
HOTEL TO LET— THE- WILHELM -TELL
House, 317-319 Bush at.; this well-known ho-
tel Is thoroughly renovated, considerably im-
proved and compares with the beat second-class
hotel in this town. MADISON & BURKK.
STORES TO LET. ~
rT^LE7^~NEXv^^TO^tET^WITH LIVINoI
X room and bath: also new upper fiat of 7 rooms
and bath; Market St.. bet. Noe and Sanchez: rent
reasonable. WILL E. FISHER i CO., 14 Post st.
01*1 X LARGE STORE AND 4 ROOMS.~AP-
<PIU. ply 1433 Valencia st. - ■
CIOTTAGE OR BRANCH BaKKI{Y TO LET;
V^ cheap; $11. Twentieth St.. near Castro.
OFFICES TO LET.
DESK ROOM IN A PLEASANT SUNNY OF-
flee in the Crocker building, with services of a
competent stenographer. Address Business, box
78. Call Ofljce. . ... . ...
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
yj Offices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and tras lights. Apply at room
622 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM. .
SPRKCKELS BUILDING. "927 MARKET-
Klegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery at.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ofc9nO NEW URST-CLASS UPRIGHT ON
tZ)Zi\J\J. $5 Installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
LADY' HERE FROM LOS ANGELES AND
going East In a few days, in need of funds,
mast sell her beautiful Hardman upright; has
magnificent tone like a grand piano: beautiful
case: perfect condition : a rare chance for any one
appreciating a very superior instrument. Room
10, Flood building, Fourth and Market sts.
NNUAL MAY CLEARANCE. SALE OF
pianos and musical goods; everything sold
cheap this month. VAIS', 769 Market st.
MAGNIFICENT sTeCK~PIANO, FINE CON-
ditiou, will be sacrificed at once. Room 21
809 Market st. / r,-' .• "
CHOICE STEIN WAY; MUST BE DISPOSED
of at once. Room 10.809 Market st.
FINE UPRIGHT PIANO SALE CHEAP-
X first class: Eastern manufactured; can be seen
at 801 Leavenworth St., cor. Suiter; no reasonable
cash offer refused^
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., BTEINWAY REP-
-0 resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs In the West: all grades and
prices; easy ruouihly payments; everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Sutter.
IJEFORE BUYING SEE HAINEBROS.', BUSH
XJ & Gens' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st.
BIGGEST BARGAIN EVER OFFERED FOR
Stelnway upright; perfect. 1359 Foiaom st.
A SHAW, $57&: STEIN WAY. $216; SQUARE?
$25; rented $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
I\ECKER BROS., WAY ,FIBCHE~R
XJ other first-class makes of pianos; little used-
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLKU A
CHASE. 28 and 80 O'Farrell at. *""»» <■
EASY TElttib;.LOW PIUCKS, KOHLER
CHASE.
(3.1 O= EASTERN UPRIGHT 3-STRINGED
LOO. Weber; $350. BRUENN, 228 Pout st.
©lOC UPUIGHT PIANO: GOOD CONDI-
Oi — '«-'• tlon; cash or installments. 100 Me-
AUlster ■...-... * -
fIJTQ> PIANO: GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,"
«JpO«J« 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
LL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money; investigate these prices and be con-
vinced: the new seven-bar autoharp $6; the five-
bar ttutoharp $4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the orize-wlnner guitar
$3 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 50*
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187: one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, U29 Market at, Spreck-
el's building. . .
A Rllfv ED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
A grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and term,
moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82 Ninth st.
WM. U. BADGER, 26 'J'FARRKLL. ROOM L
first floor; sole agenta Hallet <& Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or Installments.
/"IONOVKR PIANO: - AS uIIOD AS NEW-
\J great sacrifice. The .P. W. UPENCEU COM
PANY, »3M Post »U ... -..•■■■■
nMICK£KINQ,OABR, 6TECK. VOSK, STER-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano lor $187; pianos
tor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell.
£.]7*: CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
i^lL 10. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
YKON.MAUZY. SOS POST ST.— SOHMEB,
.Nnvbr & Evans, Brlgtrs and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLU&NEW
O H. MI'LLKH. maker, repairer, 's, Latham place.
SEWING MACHINES^
&C UPWARD; : RENT $1. 50 TO $1 75
(JpU monthly; .repairing :26c; bought and ex-
changed : needles for all machines. 145 Sixth st. :
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, KXCHAXOEa
■fV rented. repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
' BICYCLES. . .;.'; ■. ...
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LET?
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Jlo
AUUter ana Powell st. car lines.
PERSONALS.
KTROZYNSKL LEADING LADDIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
ARTINOTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partlngton,R.L Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
RS. F. GARRISSERE, LADIES' HAlR-
dressing parlors, / 61 Suttcr at., near Jones.
R. L.CCKETT, 1703 FOs,T ST.,. NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
£\- clalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-law. 850 Market st
'•rpiHE" ONLY SUPERIOR WHITE-ENAMEL
X letters and house cumbers; wholesale and re-
tall. 307 O'Farrell St.. S. F. ■
AIR DRESSED, WAVED, face made UP,
25c; shampoo, 25c: manicure, 25c; lessons
given; face preparations. MRS. BUTLER.IBI Post.
OW PRICE — 25c FOR HAIRDRESSING
does not mean inferior work in my case; I
have the very best artists in the city in my em-
ploy ana 1 give the most satisfactory and up-to-
date service. G. LEDERER, in Stockton st.
CUTY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY' 132
) Geary, removed from Larkin st. to 119 stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
(Si 1 A ROOM: CARPU.T6 CLEANED ON THE
ijp X floor. 206 Leavenworth at.
"OIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-'
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth eta. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market at.
AUD-TH COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
Office 43 Sutter St., phone main 49. SAM.
R. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM
227 Geary to V.M.C.A. bldg.r. 2,tel.maln 5477.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM—
chester House, 44 Third at., near Market- 200
rooms, 25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $8 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry.
SK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
tf air Wash ; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
C CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
VJ for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Paper-hanging Company. McAllister at.
liD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
HE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT
40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
1 1 inn CARDS, 60: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
II'UU tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st., r. 39!
T IBEB.AL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEW-
XJ dry, etc : lowest rates. 048 Market st.
/CLOAKS. CAPES ANI» SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Faotorr. 20 Hannomw st., upstairs.
pHFAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
■ United Suites or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
ago free.
DRESSMAKERS. . : ££ ~
T^RESSES $2 UP- WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP'
U lawn $1 up. 505% Natoma at., above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANT^"
a- : a
A 60 cts and $I—so cts and $I—so cts and $1.
THE WONDERS OF THE CENTURY.
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.,
Have consolidated their interests in order to bet-
ter handle their constantly increasing business.
The professors during their long residence in san
Francisco have met with unprecedented success.
They could refer you to people all over the world tor
testimonials as to their worth, but it is not neces-
sary . to search the| extremities of the earth
when they can refer you to thousands in your midst
who have been made prosperous and happy
through their wise advice: ask your prosperous
neighbor who started him aright, Investigate and
you will find that your business rival is one of their
many patrons. ■ 1
■■Nothing succeeds like success." and If you
would be successful call on them without delay: it
costs practically nothing; 60c and $1. 50c and $1,
60? and $1. 60c and $1, 50c and $1 is their price
at present, no more than you would pa)' an un-
known clairvoyant •or a partially developed
medium.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of Interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investment*, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce;, settle lovers'
quarrels and causes speedy and happy marriages.
1 hey locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property, Interpret dreams, care bad
habits and destroy evil influence* in half the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but tew mediums in the
•world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember th" professors' communications come
direct from the Spirit World, hence their Inabil-
ity to be mistaken in any matter.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 2 to 6 p. m.
Letters containing stamps answere 1.
PROFS. EUGENE Jt VAN DE VERE,
1728 Market st.
DVICE~an<l~ : ~"
■"- '•■:.■ assistance to all.
When you wisu to consult a true, disciple of
clairvoyancy see and prove for yourself that
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNEI.LE 1« the greatest
living exponent of the true science of clairvov-
ancy. You will find him a wonderful being. He
has made thousands of families happy and suc-
cessful by his aid and advice. The professor pos-
sesses wonderful powers. He gives infallible and
correct advice on all business matters, aids you
in love, brings about happy marriage and success
In life. He reveals to you jus: what you want to
know. Others may have failed you; Professor
Carnelle never does, but has always given the
most complete satisfaction. AH business strictly
confidential. Letters with stamp - answered.
Hours, 9 to 9 daily ami Sunday. Parlors, 220
Eddy st. '
CAO AND $1. 60c AND $1. ; :
OVJ PROF. C. LEON, 1007 Market, near Sixth.
Wonderful power: advice on business, love, mar-
riage, divorce, etc: tells of friends and enemies;
letters with stamp answered; 9 to 8, also Sunday.
INNIE ADAMS — TALENTED PALMIST
and life-reader. 43 Minna st.
MKjc LENEMAR — FORTUNES: told BY
planeta: predicted In '74 passengers of over- '
due steamer on island. 11 Taylor at., room 10.
ME. PORTER,. CARD- READER; T>:ILS
past, present, future: ladles 50c, cents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk at.
ISSMiiLVINA.CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 766 Vi Howard st.
ME. LEUETTE: PRESENT. PAST AND FU-
lure. 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
erand clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter:
road cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladles or gents 60c. »17 Market., 3 and 4.
ME. EXODIUf*. CLAIRVOYANT, KE-
IIL moved to 1003 Mission st.. nr. Sixth; fee 60c
p Y PSY LIFE-READER; LADIES] 26c;
vJ gents, 50c; readings daily except Sun. 5 Tin.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
last. present and future: 25c up. 784 Howard st.
\f ME. RAVENNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
li- lips on races; name* given; 25c up. 6 Fourth.
MMX. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave; fee 26 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
KETURNKI), WORLD-RENOWNED M M 10.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
RS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED" ME-
dlnm and card-reader. 132 Turk at.
MX. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world; 60c and $1, shows you the Diciureot
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor. Market
ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past, 1
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing exempted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1: letter $2. i'ost'm.. nr. Larkin.
spiritualism.
MARKET— TO-NIGHT A GRAND LIT-
-00 I erary entertainment; " supper and dance;
admission 25c.
T~EST AND WRITING CIRCLE TO NIGHT;
10c and 25c. MMX. YOUNG, 605 McAllister.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
:rinr»m«llnni! sittings $1. 218 Stockton .it,
EDUCATIONAL.
PaNIHU.F KENCH7I*i«RMAN ■ MODERAT E7
Melsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell si
RS. MtLVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 514
gutter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution a specialty : vocal Shakspearean
classes; aklrt-danclng, minuet, cavotte, etc Vocal
classes resumed Monday at 8 p. if.; $1 per month.
"\rOICE-BUILDING, PANTOMIME AND ACT^
V Ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
YREH*. THE LEADING SHORTHAND
leg*. 825 Montgomery st.; Individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping,- etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
1. OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC.GHAMR.
1 ; day A night; no classes: $5 month. 825 Mission.
/-I UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; $3 mo. MARY WEsTHaUS, 39 Fifth.
OOKKEEPIXti TAUGHT PRACTICALLY,
X> better than In any college on earth; 6 wks; no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR.6S9 Mku
IjELASCO'S LYCEUM school OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0.X. block. 7th and Mkt
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL. MINING. MB-
O cbanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture, •
assay; estab. '04. VAN DEB N AILI.KN, 723 Mkt.
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, busineis practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer.' ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write tor catalogue.
NluHTi-JCHOWL^IftALL" Slit. s>. CuLLKW K ;'.» i
1> Post:fomm»rc-i.il. shorthand. English: low ra'»«
riOLIN", MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; KtA-
V nonahlc I'HOI'. FRANCIS. 1045>A 'Valencia.
lost. ...■.•■ ■ .;>.■;:,
f "ost— 'passbook '"with " hibernia " Bay
XJ Ing and Loan Society of san Francisco, in n»m "
of MaRYMcGUIRE.No, 1901614. Finder pleas
return to bank. . ■
CITY REAL ESTATE.
QQ7PICASH,BALANCE EASY PAYMENTS;
«{pt7l«Jnew bAv-wiudow cottage;. modern Im-
provements; lot 26:<100; Soath Broderick St., near
Haight. Apply 1330 Mission at. ' - '
<2:')'-inn 60-FOOT front in WESTERN
«JpZ;OIJU. Addition: improved; rents $24 per
month: ASHTON & GARDNER, 411 Montgom-
ery at. . • . ■
Qj O7 X AND $725: 2 LOTS ON LOMBARD
«;PO i O and S7ih sts.; terms easy. 1128 Vullejo.
"LOR SALE -ELEGANT 18-ROOM HOUSE,
J just completed, opp. Park: modern. 1917 Oak.
© 1 A RARE CHANCE FOR A riOMhf;
1 Ti/u. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms, cor. lot,
60x50, Holly Park; small payments same as rent.
CADENA--SO & CO., 612 Montgomery st.
W. COR. FOLSOM AND 21ST STS.; 95x90
ft,; will subdivide; cheap for cash; aisoSW.
20th and Treat ay. ; 25x110 ft. lnq. 1205 Market.
V AKKET-STREET PROPERTY.
READY FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x80.
• NEAR VALENCIA.
Rare chance for investors 10 buy below the mar-
ket value. Save commission and time. Address
1010 Leavenwor:h at.
OR BALE, CHEAP— STORY AND HALF
house: 7 rooms and bath, with finished base-
ment; lot 25x107: part cash; south of park. Ad-
dress L. H., box 6, Call Ollice.
Q-in A, AA MORTGAGE OF $5000 CAN
«ID±U.UUv/. remain; bouse and lot, 30xfi8:9:
406 and 408 Pacific st. Apply to MADISON it
BURKE. -
CJIQAA COTTAGE; 3 ROOMS: LOT 60x135;
XOUvf. in Berkeley, near station: payments
easy.
$1100— Cottage; S rooms; lot 75x125.
$1000— Handsome corner; 100x100; $15
monthly.
$200— Lot 25x135: $10 down; $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
<n«9A PER LOT, 25x100; SAN BRUNO ROAD;
tJpZiVJ 6% miles from Palace Hotel: patent title;
S. P. R. a. shore line will cross tract, make it busi-
ness property; 15 -minutes distant; some day
worth $1000 a lot; deed, map and abstract $1. A.
WHEELER, 331 Montgomery st., room 10.
ODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500:
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
AHIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land; no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation: $40 to $75 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY', 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
CO AN ACRE: 320 ACRES, HOUSE,
00 fe.ices, fertile soil, living water, plenty of
wood: crops never fail; good for stock, grain,
fruit, poultry, etc.; terms easy; no snow; no
chills. M. A. GRIFFIN, real estate agent, Cot-
tonwood, Shasta County, Cal. . ■ ,
Gj* *">7 (C 10 ACttES SANDY LOAM SOIL ALL
<PU 10. planted to trees: 2 and 3 year old al-
monds of the best variety ; in the eastern fruit belt.
Contra Costa County; terms easy. Apply to
FRANK M. WILLS, Antioch, Cal.
HILL RANCH FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE;
cheap; complete with tools, stock, chickens:
207 acres: 6 miles from St. Helena: 18 acres
bearing vineyard: good hay crop; fine pasture;
1500 cords oak; spring piped to house and barn:
living stream crosses pasture. Call or address 706b
Guerrero st., S. F.
1 00 ACRES OR ANY PORTION: 2 HOURS'
X\J\J drive from city: suitable for raising" vege-
tables, chickens or flowers; plenty of water at a
depth of 7 feet: price $10Q per acre. ASUTON &
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery at.
ESTABLISHED 16 YEAR S
N. D. SICKELS
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions); most reliable,
largest and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE In America,
620 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco,
8 ACRES GARDEN LAND IN ROSS VALLEY,
orchard and running stream old Improvements;
$3000. Address J. TUNSTEAD, San Rafael.
HEAP— ACRE LAND, HOUSE AND lit-
provements. Inquire at 427 Hayes st.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOOSTER <fc WHITTON. San Josa.
ITTLJfI HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: IM-
proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly Improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWLNG, Sonoma
City. Inquire- 632 Market St.. S. F.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
KAA I FRO >rssb~TOn|2o,ooo
O\J\J 20 houses and lots, from $1250 t0.. 510,000
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 t0..... 30.000
20 houses, Oakland and Alameda. $1000 to 8,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
25 lodging-bouses and hotels, from $200 to 3,000
Millinery-store in country town 18,000
4 flats, lot 60x114. 5,000
1 good lot In city....: ' 150
2 lota, Ocean View, 50x125 600
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER? i
I SELL AND EXCHANGE ■ .
All kinds of properly. .
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth .
FOR SA OR EXCHANGE; LAND INNAPA
X 1 County, Contra Costa, Tulare and' Sacramento
County, from $2000 to $16,000. LYNCH <&
GERRY, 935 Market St. ■;:■:■■.:,....•,. ■■•;.:...-■
AN RAFAEL RESIDENCE: 8 ROOMS, ETC.:
accepted street; value $4000: will exchange
for city residence. J. R. ROCK, San Rafael.
OT IN SOUTH SAX FRANCISCO IN EX-
change for horse and delivery wagon. 707
Clementina st.
GROCKRYSTORK FOR SALE OR EX^
VJ" change for city property. Apply 499 Haight.
I'JO/k ACRES TIMBER LAND, KEHN CO.;
X^iOXJ witter; fineforcattle-mlslng.N..bx.l6.Cail
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at th« Security Loan OlHca,
1106Marketat..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
C. HICKOK & CO., 873% MARKET ST.,
• loans money at lowest lutes.
ORTGAOKS. LOANS ON COLLATERAI S;
low rates. Sylvain Saloman A C 0. ,328 Montgy
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
X' no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market at.
/OAKLAND LOANS ON FIRST MORTGAGES
KJ on improved real estate can be received on
short notice ft current rates of interest. Apply to
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
QiIAAATO $3000 to LOAN ON REAL
«jp X \J\J\J estate on installments. Address Prin-
cipal, box 74, Call office.
o*l 00 f\(\(\ TO LOAN ON LIFE INSUR-
«JpxUU.UUU ance policies. JOSEPH B. TOP-
LITZ, 330 Pine. _"
BIG CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PER CENT;
XJ the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Ca1l Office.
OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
ST 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN E*
Xtateailowest rates:no delay .MURPHY .628 MrkL
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY, ETC
XV Columbia Loan * Collateral Office. 9 Grant, avo.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-'
bitUw McC'OLGAN. '24 Montgomery-, rnonn '!■'<. ■
PAWNBROKERS. _ ~~~
f~I2B~KEA RN Y~ BfT~ROOM~»^MONBY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.: low rates: pri*
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal i cheap. .
MEDICAL.
TTl~cases of irregularities re-
-LVatored in a few hour*: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; .MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY' used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense: consultation free and confidential.
■ MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING.
from ' irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: : latest improved method of treatment:
nrver falls: perfectly harmless- free from any bad
effects; . never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately : prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. <£ MRS.
DAVIES, 14 McAllister at., next Hlberula Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
1 ADIES— CUICHKSTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
XJ ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c stamps for
particulars, '-Relief for Ladies," in letter by return
mail; at druggists Chlchester Chemical" Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa.
AIOTKW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for a.l female -troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always In one day:
helped at once: can be sent aud used at home: ail
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
rsTgoodwin'makes a specialty of
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge; separate
home for patients; best skill: medical aueud-
nce: low tees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market su
ADIES— DA UDET'S FEMALE KEGULA-
-i ting pills; strongest, safest, best; never fall;
$1 per box. WIDBKR'S drugstore, 14 Ellis at.,
formerly cor: Market and Third sts., sole agents.
CURE FOR ALL Fi'.MALK DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKB. DR. GWYKK, 226 Turk St. ■
MRS. DR. WEGENER. PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; irregularities cured In a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
T F 1 U LA R OR ANY I- EM ALE DISEASE^
1 don't fail to see MRS. DR. PUKTZ, 264"U| 4th. <
T ADIES— GERMACIDE CAPSULES PRE-
XJ vents, safe, sure; pills do longer -. required;
$1 50 per box. G. & P. Co., 1031 Marnetst., K. F.
DX. HALL. 14 Mc-ALLISTKK MRKKT, NEAR
'Jones. liißPßses of women and children.'
; » HOME; A FRIEND AND MOTHER'SCAKE.
A MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth sUAlarncda.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH pills-a . BOON to
xi. ladles troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; ' $2 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BUOS.. Oakland, Cal.
WEEK'S NEWS ' FOR 8 , CENTS — THIS
WEEKLY CALL, in wraoper. for mailing. 1
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
' OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
— ,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. .
y.rE HAVE $IXOO AND UPWARD TO LOAN
11 on Oakland improved real estate at 8 per cent
Interest: smaller amounts at higher rates: reason-
able current expenses. HUGH M. CAMERON,
broker, 479 Ninth at., Oakland.
LOOK! $1001 LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS:
no interest; near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
A TTENTION BUILDERS— PARTIES DE-
-t\. siring to build homes or houses to rent will find
It to their advantage to call on us at once; special
attention given to alterations or repairs; plans aud
specifications furnished free of charge. A. H
BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
XX ments equal to rent; close to Frnltvale sta-
tion: 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes 10
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
gas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Frultvale sta-
tion.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
tjpQtJ. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET. ,
TH RE^r^'fi.'^rT^ROOME^rHOU^sTfa^O
$12; modern. C APT. BADGER, 953 Seventh
aye., Clinton station. • ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL , ESTATE.
TpOR~SIALK "
A BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE.
Two-story house: modern in every respect; 9
rooms and bath; between broad and narrow gauge,
stations; neighborhood best in Alameda; for sale
at bargain; terms easy; also new cottages on in-
stallments in desirable locations
W. H. HOOPER, real estate, 1329 Park st.
Ij^Oß SALE— A BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE: 2-
story house— modern in every respect of 9
rooms and bath; between broad and narrow gauge
stations; neighborhood best in Alameda; for sale ;
at a bargain; terms easy. Also new cottages on
installments in desirable locations. W. • H.
HOOPER, Real Estate, 1329 Park sU
FOR SALE— A BEAUTIFULB%-ACRE FRUIT
• and poultry ranch, with complete stock; close
to Oakland; $2500; part cash. K. HILL. 34 Dono-
hoe building, San Francisco.
T/'OR SALE—
X 1 House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye.; house 4
rooms. Grand at.; cottage 6 rooms, Everett St.;
on long time and easy term*, or will exchange for
San Francisco or country property. Apply
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
LOOK -$350 FOR LOTS HALF A BLOCK
from Park st., Alameda, on Installments: fine
location. H.B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
©17KA MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
<J)X I»JU. and bath; $100 cash, $20 per month.
No. 736.
$3600— cor. new; (5 rooms «nd bath: open
plumbing, etc.: $250 cash, $30 a month. No. 733.
$3100— $100 cash, $25 a month; fine 6-room cot-
tage; iot4Uxl2s; nice grounds. No. 606.
$5000— Elegant new house; 8 rooms: must be
sold : 500 cash, $40 per month. No. 671.
$2800— Snap: $160 cash. $25 per month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 752.
$3500— New modern 2-story; 7 rooms and bath;
$250 cash. $30 per month. No. 662.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park St.. Alameda.
"MEW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
Xl rooms, just completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west from Park st.; lot 36x140: rooms on low
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: parlor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els in doors; plate glass throughout; beautiful
brick mantel in dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement; elec-
tric appliance. - Call and see this house, as I am
aura if you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
a. M. gray, 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
RARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
easy terms: 4, 6, 6 and 7 room cottages and _'-
story dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up;
$150 cash; balance on easy monthly payments to
suit. Address A. R. DENKE, real. estate, archi-
tect and builder, 1503 Seventh St.. Alameda.
<5j 1 AA TO 280 DOWN, 525 MONTHLY; NEW
<IP XV " 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience: near station, tel 001, etc : with large
lot: $2400 to $3000: send for illustrated book of
! Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1600
Park st.. AlaitiPda. .
ALAMEDA HO USES TO LET.
mo~ELENT OR^LEASE
X modern • house, grounds and stables; garden
kept In order by owner: terms moderate. Apply
1433 High st., corner Santa Clara aye., High-st.
station, N. G. f
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building, 2123 center St.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
J^^R^tE^T^^N^LETTA^f^R^sTrjE^ircE "oF
12 rooms, Dwight way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds: profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub-
bery: carriage-house, barn, etc. M. L. WURTS,
Dwlght-way station.
DENTISTS. .
DR. L. T. (RAN/.— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
V' ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
lrm $5: fillings frm $1; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
<C»7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
O I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
centisi. 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per get; 1 extracting 50c; gas given.
ONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. I.
Ij^ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
' five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk 81.
R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st-
T) AIN LESS EXTRACTION. 60cl CROWN
X\ bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 yean'
experience. R. L. WALssH. D.D.3.. 816^ Geary.
R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIiHJE-
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
'POl/rON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
ket su DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
Ll WORK REASONABLE and WAR-
ranted. Pit. J W. KEY. 112*2 Market at. ■
LEGAL NOTICES.
■\TOTICE^7)F^^S^IGNEE^S^SALE— UNDER
XI and by virtue of an order of sale made by the
Superior Court of Sonoma County, California, on
April 25, 1896, in the matter of O. M. CAMP-
BELL, an insolvent debtor. Las the assignee of
the estate of said insolvent, will sell at private
sale for cash to the highest bidder, subject to con-
firmation by the said court, at ■ ■
12 O'CLOCK MERIDIAN ON MAY 9. 1896.'
At the store -No. 859 Main street, in .Petaluma,
California, where the said goods, wares and mer-
chandise are, all the stock of goods, wares and
merchandise of the said insolvent estate, con-
sisting of clocks, watches, jewelry, gold and
silverware and the like; bids to be sealed and be
accompanied by 10 per - cent of the bid in cash
or good check certified by a local bank. The same
will be sold all In one lot, if sufficient bid be
made for same, and I reserve the right to reject
any and all bids. If the whole of said stock be not
then sold in one parcel I will at once proceed to
sell the same at private sale in lota for cash to the
highest bidder, with right to reject any and all
bids.
From and after 12 o'clock meridian on said May
9, 1896, 1 will sell at private sale for cash, in pieces,
all the fixtures, showcases, safe and furniture be-
longing to said estate, and at the same time and
place 1 will sell all in one lot and at private sale
for cash, subject 10 confirmation by said court, all
the outstanding accounts, bills and book accounts
belonging to said estate. •
The proper. to be sold can be seen by applying
to me at 1064 Sixth street, in the town of Peta-
ltiir.a. California.
This April 25, 1896.
H. F. SMITH, Assignee.
JAMES W. OATES, Attorney for Assignee. An
Inventory of the stock can be seen at tne office of
i W. RIGBY, attorney, 130 Sansome street.
EPARTMENT NO. 9, PROBATE— IN THE
XJ Superior Court in and for the city and County
of san Francisco, State of California. " :
In the matter of the estate of JEAN LACOSTE.
deceased. No. 17,239. -
Notice is hereby given that FRIDAY, the 15th
day of May, A. D. 1896. at 10 o'clock a. m. of said
day, and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
said court, at the New City . Hall, in the City aud
County of San Francisco, state of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for proving
the will of said JEAN' LACOSTE. deceased, and
for hearing the application of JEAN PIKRRE
TUEuPHiLE LACOSTK, for the issuance to him
of letters testamentary thereon.
Dated April 30. A. D . 1896. ' " '
[seal] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
•By V. F. Nobthbop, Deputy Clerk. ■
P. ALEXANDRE BKRGEROT, attorney for
petitioner, rooms 142-143, Crocker building, San
Francisco. • . ..'-,■■'
A SSIGNEE'SSALE OF PERSONAL PROP-
erty. • i*K.-i>v-. ■ ,-■ •.■..■..■-..;-.:
■ ,'...: AT AUCTION. : '
I will sell at auction on Wednesday, the 6th day
of May, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. m., at the pottery of
A. STEIGER SONS in insolvency, at South San
Francisco, San Mateo County, California, all sewer-
pipe. . terra cotta, material, drainpipe, - firebrick,
common brick, horses, wagons, carts, one 42-foot
piiednver. etc., etc. I will also sell at auction on
May 11. 1896, at 2 P. m., at the corner of Eighth
and Market streets, tan Francisco, Cal., terra-
cotta ware of said insolvents consisting of chimney-
tops, vas a B. caps, itc. ■ For further information see
list on bulletin board at the office of the S. F. Board
of Trade, 202 Market st.
:J. H. 1 LYNDON, Assignee Of A. BTEIGEB
SONS in insolvency. • ■ -
ART SALE.
pARIS-D de G COLLECTION.
WORKS OF ART ANiTricH FURNITURE.
Fine Snuffboxes, Sweetmeat boxes. Chatelaines
and Watches of the Louis XV and Lcuis XVI
periods; Miniatures. Jewels, Silver and Goldsmith
Works, Limoges Knamelea Plates, Stained Glass,
Panes, Old Sevres Table Service, Old Saxony
China, Magnificent Candelabra. Clocks, Loui3 XV
and Louis XVI Andirons, Very Large Oriental
Granite Vases, Renaissance and other styles of
Furniture, Ver^ handsome Closing Writing
Table, a gift of King Louis XVI; Superb Drawing-
room Furniture, upholstered in Beauvais Tapes-
try, representing military subjects after Casano-
va: Splendid Gobelins Tapestry, Exceptional
Point Tapestrj-, Embroidery Work, Stuffs, etc.
OLD AND MODERN PAINTINGS
by Juan de Arellano, Goyo, Van Goyan, J. and S.
Ruisdael, P. Snayers, Teniers, Terburg, Benjamin
Constant, Benouville, Berue, Bellecour, F. Bonvin,
Corot, Courbet, Diaz, Duez. J. Dupre, Heilbuth,
Henner, Ch. Jacques, Lobnchon, Eug. Lambert,
Louis Lololr. Henri Levy, Van Narcke, Melssonier,
Ignaclo Merino, De Neuville, Pla9san, Rlbot, Leo-
pold Robert, Troyou, Vautler, Vibert, Vollon,
Ziem.
DRAWINGS AND WATER COLORS.
COMPOSING THE IMPORTANT COLLECTION
of Mr. D de G , and the sale of which at pub-
lic auction will take place In Paris, at the Oallery
Georges Petit. 8 rue de i?eze H, on Monday Ist,
Tuesday 2d, Wednesday 3d, Thursday 4th and
Monday Bth June. 1896, at 2 P. m.
Auctioneer— Mr. PAUL CHEVaLLIER, 10 rue
Grange Bateliere; experts— MM. Mannheim it
Son, 7 rue St. Georges; Mr. Georges Petit, 12 rue
Godot de Mauroi; exhibition of the works of art-
Saturday 80th aud Sunday 31st May, 1896, from 1
p. m. to 6p. m. ; exhibition of paintings— Saturday
6th and Sunday 7th June, lS9rf, irem Ip.m to
6 F. M.
— — — — —^— ~— — — — _— — — _~-
PHYSICIANS.
XV Market si. ; diseases of woman :i specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. : his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THI»
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
BiRTHS-MARuIAfIES— DEATHS,
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They must be handeii ln at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name aud residence of persons authorized
to have the same published, j
MORN.
LAUDER— In Oakland, April 30, 1896, to the wife
of John Lauder, a daughter.
O'CONNOR— In this city, April 7. 1898, to the
wife of J. C. O'Connor, a sou.
POWLESON-In this city, April 30, 1896, to the
wife of George I. Powleson, m son.
SHANNON— In this city. April 30, 1896, to the
wife of J. G. shannon, a daughter.
MARRIED.
DA ROZA— SILVA— In this city, April 29, 1896.
by the Rev. John Cottle, J. L. da Roza of Elk
Grove and Clara F. Silvaof San Francisco.
MILLARD— GOETZ— In thts city, April 15, 1896.
by the Rev. J. Ilemphlll, D.D., Benjamin K.
Millard and Lucy A. Goetz, both of San Fran-
cisco.
SWEENEY— BURKE— In this city, April 29.
1896, by Judge G. W. Cook, JoseDh Sweeney aud
Hattie Burke, both of San Francisco.
Angelnm, Elisabeth Hansel. Johann C.
Boyle, Annie Hartmann, Kinile C.
Buckley, Mrs. A. J. Hickey, Catherine
Cannon, John Leahy. David
Chapman, Elizabeth Levy, Morris J.
Claressy, William Lomax, .lames D.
Daley. Edward H. Markewitz, August
Dennin, Daniels Pattberg, .1. C. H. G.
Drexel, Joseph Reeder, James A.
Fratinijer. Anthony M. Reudahl, Krick
Hamill, Gwendoline M. Skelly, Gregory M.
Tucker, John
ANGELUM— In this city. May 1, 1896, Elizabeth
Angelum, a native of Nevada, aged 22 years.
BOYLE—I n this city, May 2. IB9U. Annie, beloved
wife of James Boyle, and mother of John C. (de-
ceased), Edward N., Magßie, Sls'.er U. Selena,
James H. and Annie Boyle, a native of Ireland,
aged 56 years.
J(S*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fu'ly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
resiaence, 1305 Larkin street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and O'Far-
roll street, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. jh. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BUCKLEY— A month's mind mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of the late Mrs.
Ambrose J. £ucklev at Holy Cross Church. Eddy
street, TO-MORROW (Tuesday) at 8 o'clock
A. M.
CANNON— In Ocean View. May 3, 1896, John,
beloved husband of Jane Cannon, and father of
John, Joseph. William and Lillian Cannon, Mrs.
Annie Smith and Mrs. Mamie Leahey, and
iirotner of Stephen Cannon, a native of the parish
of Klltruston, County Roscommon, Ireland.
*S"Frienas and acquaintances arc resnect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m., from his late
residence, Mission road, near Bootz's Park,
Ocean View, thence to Su Michael's Church,
Ocean View, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
CHAPMAN— In this city, Mny 1, 1896. Elizabeth
Chapman, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
CLARESSY— Iu San Andreas, April 80, 1896,
William Claressy, a native of St. John, N. 8.,
aged 74 years.
jJfS-Friends and acquaintances nrp resuect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIB DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of N. W. Leitch <fc Co., 878 Broadway, Oak-
laud. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
DALEY"— In this city, April 30, 18»6. Edward H.
Daley, a native of New York, aged 46 years.
DENNIN— In this city. April 30, lS9tt. Daniels
Dennin, a native of Ireland. n,-ed 61 years.
DUEXEL-In this cltv. May 2. IS9«. Joseph
Drexel, a native of Worgle, Tyrol, Austria, aged
42 years and 15 days.
jK9"Friends and acquaintance! are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock P. M., from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Misiion street,
near Eighth. Interment 1. O. O. V. Cemetery.
FRATINGER— An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral. TO-
MORROW (Tuesday), at 8 o'clock a. m., for the
repose of the soul of the larp Anthony M. Fratin-
ger. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend.
HAMILL-In this city, May 1,1896, Gwendoline
M. Hamlll, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 10 months.
HANSEL— In this city, May 3. 189G Johann
Carl, beloved son o? Charles and Anna Hiinsel. a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 9 months
and 23 days.
HARTMANN— In this city. May 3. IJ-98, Enlile
C, beloved son of Margarita Hartmann and
hro;herof Mrs. Fredericka M. E. Armstrong,
Mrs. Josephine Vincent, Henry E. and Louis (.'.
Hartmann, a native or San Francisco, aged '62
years 1 month aud 21 Jays.
HICKEY— In this city. April 30. 1898. Catherine
Hickey, a native of Ireland, aeea 60 years.
LEAHY— In this city. Uay 8, 1896. David J.. be-
loved husband of Ellzabe'h Leahw and father of
Madeline. William and Frank !-• a ly. a native of
the city of Cork, Ireland, aged 50 years.
SS~ Notice of funeral hereafter.
LEVY— In this city. May 1, 1896, Morris Joseph
I evy, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and
9 days.
LOMAX— In this city, April 30. 1896. James D.,
beloved husband of Mary F. I.omax, fathar of
Mary M. J-ouinx. and stepfatner of J. H., S. P.
and J. T. Carter and Mrs. B. F. steacy,
a native of Ohio, azed 76 years. (Ohio, Illinois,
Og'len aud Salt Lake papers please copy.]
49~ Friends and acquaintances and members of
the Bar and J. O. U. A. M. are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. Jt., from the residence
of Mrs. B. F. Steacy. 131 i» Twenty-fifth street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MARKEWITZ-In thts city, May 3, 1836. August,
beloved busband of Bessie Markewitz. and
father of Mabel and Mil ton Markewitz. n native
of Germany, atced 57 years and 1 month. A
member of Doric Lodi;e No. 216. F. nnd A. M.
[New York end Mattewan papers please copy.]
JtSTNoilce of funeral hereafter.
FATTBERG— In this city, April 29, 1896, J. C.
H. G. Pattberg, a native of England, a?ed 17
years.
RENDAHL— In this city. May 2, 189 a Ertelc
Rendahi, beloved brother of John E. Renaahl,
a native of Sweden, aged 36 years. A member
of the Scanrtlaavlan Society.
fla~Frlends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. *.. from the par-
lors of the San Franolsco Undertaking Com-
pany, 1235 Market street, near Ninth. Interment
iAnrel Hill Cemetery.
REFDRR— In this city. May 3, 1898, James A.,
beloved husband of Louise Reeder. and father of
James F. Reeder. a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 73 years.
SKKLLY — In this city. May 1, 1896, Gregory BC
beloved son of Gregory V. and Helena skellv.
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months and 15
days.
TUCKER— In this city. May 3, 1596. John, dearly
beloved husband of Mrs. Hannah Tucker, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 6S yenrs.
Xi£~Friends aud acquaintances are n>*tv>ct-
lully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m., from his lnte residence,
1032 Mission street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Croas
Cemetery.
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS' I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Kvtrrytliinx RequUlte for Flrst-clau Funerals
at Reasonable Rutes.
Telephone south 167. 27 and 29 Fifth nt.
McAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIEECTORS & EMBALMKBS,
•0 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 808 C.
1314
SUSAN B. ANTHONY
LAUDS "THE CALL"
.
Warm Words of Praise!
From the Veteran
Suffragist.
KER POWERFUL ADDRESS
Mme. Louise Sorbier Likewise
Expresses Her De
light.
OTHEES SWELL THE CHORUS.
Great Numbers Expected at Tc-Day's
Opening Session of the Woman's
Congress.
Tta« Woman's Congress opens Its j
third annual session this morning at
NatlTe Sons' Hall. Women from all
oTer the State will be present and It is
doubtful whether the spacious meeting
place engaged will be able to hold the
army of delegates and sympathizers.
However, those who cannot get in will '
have one connotation— THE CALL will
keep them well informed regarding all
that may transpire during this great !
convention.
Delighted? That is not the word. The
worn en of the City are actually transported
with joy at The Call's position on the I
woman suffrage question. Yesterday's
edition of the paper had to be reproduced
in order to satisfy the demand for extra
copies which were sent abroad by thous
ands.
"What a grand thing The Call has
done," exclaimed Mrs. Cooper yesterday.
"How many friends it has gained by
simply coming out flat-footed on the side
of justice and right. The very janitor?
who sweep out its offices should be proud
to work for such a paper.
"But," she went on, "I'm not satisfied
with the general run of interviews.
They are not half strong enough as a rule.
I'm going to write something, and I hope
The Call will publish it word for word."
For a few moments nothing was heard
but the scratching of Mrs. Cooper's stub
pen. Then she handed her visitor the fol
lowing written statement of her views on
the matter:
I am neither a prophetess nor the daughter
of a prophetess, yet 1 venture the prediction
that the position taken by The Oallod. the
subject oi woman and woman suffrage will
prove itself one of deep prophetic import. It
was a great mistake— a fundamental error
based upon ignorance and injustice— to ever
have Introduced to word "male" into the con
stitution — either the Federal or State constitu
tion*. The terms "male" and "female" sim
ply, designate the physical distinction between
the sexes. But there is no sex in mind. Our
constitution was designed to govern Intelli
gent, responsible human beings— men and
Three cheers for The Call, and for the just
and righteous position it has taken on this
great question ! It will be proud of It in the
years to come, as we are proud of It to-day.
Yours respectlully, .Sarah B. Cooper."
"Those are my views,' 1 said Mrs. Cooper,
in conclusion. "To-day is not for cut and
dried arguments, but for deep, unbounded
joy. We women have a champion of
whom any cause, however noble, might be
proud, and since only to-day our koignt
has sworn his allegiance it seems that for
a while we should give up talking and re
sign ourselves to the delight wnich so
glad a piece of news brings to us all."
Mme. Louise M. Sorbier, president of
the Women's Educational and Industrial
Union, was no less enthusiastic.
"This latest move of The Call, she said,
"is a grand and wonderful thing. I can
not even picture to my imagination the
magnitude of the results which it will
surely bring about. Another thing I can
not comprehend is the idea which some
good men entertain that the moral sense
of woman will be outraged at the polls.
.lust look at these extracts from Washing*
ton papers which I cut out and saved."
Among the exracts were the following.
NEW TO-DAY.
EVERY KIND
HUMOR
FROM
PIMPLES
SCROFULA
Speedily cured by Cuticuka Resolvest,
•■• greatest of humor cures, assisted externally
- by warm baths with Cuticura Soap, and
-gentle applications of Ccticuba (ointment),
the great skin cure, when all else fails.
Bald throughout the world. Price, Cctiod>4, Me-;
Soaf. 2Sc. 1 rttsoLTiwT, Me. and »1. Fottek Daca
ill) Cum*. Cokp., Sols Prop*., Bofton, I . 8. A.
•• < .- B«r " How to Cure i>erj Humor," n;*ilt4 free. . -
ggifc- -rffv* i "Ii iiII W\ \t" T~ TWITi rtJMiBriTT iiiTTr In f* ll T1 I 'I r^r"r™
which certainly ceem to indicate that a
self-respecting woman need fear no indig
nity at the polls: v
The city election last Monday was for more
reasons than one the most important ever held
in Seattle. The presence of women at the vot
ing-places hhd the effect of preventing the dis
graceful proceedings ■ usually seen. It was the
lirst election in the city where the women
could vote, and the lirsl where the gambling
and iiijuor fraternity, which had so long con
trolled the municipal government to an en
ormous extent, suffered defeat.— Seattle Mirror.
The ladies of Dayton were treated respect
fully by all who surrounded the polls, and not
one instance came to our knowledge where,
by word or deed, the crowd forgot the respect
which they owe to the sex. The ladies voted
conscientiously and do not deny that they
made some mistakes, yet we venture the asser
tion that they made less than did a large num
ber of their male friends. With all due re
spect to our feelings in the matter, we must
confess that they did their duty, as they saw
it, in a manner that would put to blush the
average male voter as he usually conducts
himself at municipal elections.— Dayton
Chronicle (opposed).
The ladies turned out en masse on election
day.— Goldendale Sentinel.
They were everywhere fully respected and
their rights were courteously observed by the
great throng which constantly pressed about
the polls. — Seattle Star (opposed).
The result shows thut all parties must put up
good men if they expect to elect them. They
cannot do aa they have in the past— nominate
any candidates and elect them by the force of
the party lash.— Olympia Transcript (opposed).
The ladies are out in full force, and the
scene at the polls is, to a stranger, a novel one.
Their presence is, however, having the effect
v uich always goes with the presence of women
— men seem io have more respect for them
selves. So much, at least, is the good wrought
by women's presence at the polls.— Seattle
Daily Chronicle (opposed).
Their presence at the polls worked a charm
in the cause of universal suffrage that gives a .
prestige to be felt on all like occasions. Not a
single quarrel occurred, nor was there dis
turbance of any kind to throw reproach on the
privilege granted by our laws to all citizens
irrespective of sex— the right to the use ol the
bullot for the purpose of making known their
will.— sprague Herald.
"All these extracts and several more that
I have," continued Mme. Sorbier, "refer
to the city and State elections in LBB4
Now the fact of a woman voting attracts
no attention whatever, As for women be
ing insulted at the polls it is nonsense. I
don't know of any place where a woman
could be more in danger of insult than in
a Barbary Coast saloon at 2 o'clock in the
morning. Yet I have been there and not
been insulted. One night my little girl
had a terrible hemorrhage from the lungs.
1 sought in vain for some ice to stop the
flow of blood. In my extremity I went
out into the street and before 1 knew it
there I was in front of a low saloon. The
sound of cursing and quarreling came
from the inside and for a moment I hesi
tated.
"But my little one's life hung in the
balance. I went into the saloon— into the
midst of a mass of fijrhtine, swearing
loafers— and asked for some ice. What a
change came over those rough men ! One
MME. LOUISE SORBIER.
commenced to saw off a piece of ice, an- ]
other prepared apiece of paper, while yet
another sought some string in order that I
it might not be delayed. The barkeeper
refused totafce any money for the ice, and
another man, who seemed to be very
much under the influence of liqnor, stag
gered to the door and held it open as I
left the horrid place. If I am to be treated ]
as well at the polls as I was in this low i
saloon at 2 o'clock in the morning 1 shall
have no complaint to make.
"It is often said that woman's place is
the home. I believe it with all my heart.
Every true woman loves her home. Why,
then should she not have a voice in order j
to protect that home? I lost one dear '
child by reason of the foul sewer which I
opens before this house. In Paris the j
taxes are not to be compared with those
which we have to pay here, yet the French
capital has the best sewerage system in the
world. If woman could vote she would ]
try to have things Kept physically clean at
any rate.
"And then they say that if woman had
the ballot, females of bad character would
vote. I grant that. But for every bad
woman who would cast a ballot five
hundred wives and mothers would vote
after calling upon the divine wisdom for
light and guidance. These are just the
votes that are needed. When voters make
their voting a matter of conscience we
may look for a vast majority of votes on
the right side.
"But I don't care to give my own ideas
when others can speak more to the point.
Just read tnis, if you please," and Mme. Sor
bier took out a document which certainly
looked very official. It was as follows:
Be it resolved by the Legislature of the State
of Wyoming : That the possession and exercise
of suffrage by the women in Wyoming for the
past quarter of a century has wrought no
harm and has done great good in many ways;
that it has largely aided in banishing crime,
pauperism and vice from this State, and that
without any violent or oppressive legislation;
that It has secured peaceful and orderly elec
tions, good government and a remarkable de
gree of civilization and public order; and we
point with pride to the fact that after nearly
twenty-live years of woman suffrage not one
county in Wyoming has a poorhouse; that our
jails are almost empty, ana crime, except that
by strangers in the State, almost unknown;
and as the result of experience, we urge ovi-ry
civilized community on the earth to enfran
chise its women without delay.
Eesohed, That an authenticated copy of
these resolutions be forwarded by the Governor
of the State to the Legislature of every
State and Territory in the country,
and to every lejjinlative body in the
world; and that we request the press through
out the civilized world to call the at
tention of their readers to these resolutions.
"These resolutions," explained Mme.
Sarbier, "were unanimously adopted by
the Legislature of Wyoming on the 16th of
February. 1893. In order to make sure
that the thing was not the work of female
legislators, we sent for particulars to the
Governor of Wyoming. He answered by
telegraph as follows:
Adjourned Legislature of Wyoming had
forty-nine members and never had a wuinan.
John E. Osbovtkne, Governor.
"1 think a document like that is enough
to render it unnecessary for us to apolo
gize for the stand which we are taking. It
is just, it is reasonable. What more do
we want? The right will prevail and we
will win the day."
Mrs. J. T. Swift when seen at her home,
824 Valencia street, expressed great de
light at The Call's attitude.
"How this move will help the move
ment!" she exclaimed. "This is the most
encouraging news I have ever heard. To
be sure our cause is a just one; but how
few newspapers are willing to acknowledge
it. The Call has taken the lead. The
other papers will have to follow, or «>lse be
left behind in the race. But we can never
forget that The Call has constituted itself
the Woman Suffrage organ, and as such
we must always regard it. The great paper
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 4, 1896.
Susan B. Anthony, the Veteran Leader of the Eqnal Suffragists.
will lose nothing by thus standing up for
the right."
M rs. D. J. Murphy, president of the Lib
erty Suffrage Club, another one of the
women who have long been identified with
the movement for female suffrage, was as
glad at the tidings as were her sisters.
"I must have been born a woman suf
fragist," she said, "and have been suffer
ing from the ailment ever since. I cannot
see any reason why the right of the elec
tive franchise should not be accorded to
women as well as to men. They are bound
to obey the laws, they suffer to the same
extent by the enaction of bad laws aud
profit to the same extent by good ones.
"If we are to have, in the words of the
immortal Lincoln, a 'Government by the
people and for the people,' then suffrage
should be granted to women, and with the
valuable assistance of The Call I predict
that the eleventh amendment to the con
stitution will be adopted. All hail The
Call!"
On December 12, 1895, Secretary of State
A. B. McGaffey wrote as follows:
There has been nothing to regret — there Is
nothing to regret— in Colorado's experience
with women in politics. On the contrary there
have been many gratifying results. There
have been no startling or revolutionary
changes, but as we study tlie situation "before"
and "after" we see that there has been a
change, and that it has b«?en in every way for
the better. Women generally take quite as
deep an interest and as active a part In politirs
here as do the men, and I think I am safe in
saying that fully as larf?e a percentage of them
go to the polls and vote. Since Colorado has
had universal suffrage there has undoubtedly
been a distinct improvement in the moral tone
of politics. Woman's influence has been felt
as it could not be felt before. Primaries, con
ventions, public- meetings, elections, all have
quietly and almost unconsciously, though
none the less effectively, been molded by Iht
presence — quieter, more orderly, and less liable
to take chances in the nomination of candi
dates unworthy of the fullest confidence of the
people. I trust that the women of California
will be Rucc«»sful in their effort to secure that
undeniable right of citizenship, "equality
before the law," and I know that if they do
your State will be the better for it.
MISS ANTHONY SPEAKS.
She Pays a Glowing Tribute to " The
Call " for Its Stand Regarding:
Woman Suffrage.
A good-sized congregation greeted Miss
Susan B. Anthony last night at the Afri
can Methodist EDiscopal Zion Church on
Stockton street, near Sacramento. After
the customary devotional exercises the
veteran suffragist ascended the pulpit and
j spoKe lor about an hour.
"This pulpit," commenced Miss An
■ tbony, "was once the place from which
I the great Starr King swayed the minds
I and hearts of men by means of his bril
liant eloquence and noble pietj\ This
grand man I knew in Boston. He was a
1 great battler for eaual rights. How glori
j ously he stood up for the victims of op
■ pression L
"We know that before the war, both in
the North and in the South, the negro had
nothing in life worth living for. How
ever, the attempted secession of the South
ern States forced President Lincoln to free
the slaves as a military measure. He
' himself said that if it were possible to put
1 down the Rebellion without freeing a
single slave, be would not have freed one.
But the slaves were freed at last, and then
came the question as to whether the negro
should vote.
"The fourteenth amendment to the con
stitution originally provided that all citi
zens, whatever their color or race, might
vote. This, however, would admit negro
women to the privilege, or rather the right
of the ballot. The dreadful result was
foreseen, and in order to save the country
from so terrible a calamity the grand pa
triots in Congress assembled, amended the
amendment so as to make it apply only to
' 'male' citizens. Still some of the States
hung fire, and until the passage of the
fifteenth amendment to the constitution
the negro was not free to vote in whatever
part of the Union he might live. The first
time all the colored men of the Republic
were allowed to vote was in tho spring of
1870.
"Thirty years ago I told the colored
women and men of Kansas that the time
was coming when they would have to vote.
THE PRESIDENT OF THE CONGRESS PROPHESIES.
So far as the black men were concerned
my prophecy came true. Let us hope that
the piophecy I voice to-day may come
true in its entirety. Women of California,
black and white, I tell you you are going
to get the vote here in your own State.
When the day comes use your power
rightly. The black man has proved his
ability to make a right use of ttie elective
' privilege. Can we believe that woman,
black or white, ig inferior to the negro,
only recently let loose from slavery?
•'Now I have one petition to present to
I you colored men. I beg you when you
approach the polls at the coming election
to mark your tickets in favor of woman
suffrage.
'•You make a good use of your right to
vote; why cannot your wives or your
mothers do the same? It is only just.
MRS. SARAH B. COOPER.
One of the cornerstones of our Republic is
the equality of rights for all the citizens.
The first violation of this principle of
equal rights took the form of denying the
franchise to the poor. The last and only
remaining violation, now that male
negroes can vote, is the unjust discrimina
tion made against women.
"Taxation without representation is
tyranny for women now, as it was for men
in the days of King George. But, thank
heaven, though we have no representation
before the lawmaking tribunals of this
State, we have a representation before the
people; The Call has taken up the mat
ter in earnest and in so magnificent a
fashion that the other papers will have to
follow suit or fall behind. This is a grand
victory for us, and 1 earnestly believe it is
only the glimmering of the dawn before
the glorious rising of the sun of liberty.
"I 1 or thirty years we have worked for
woman suffrage. For thirty years we
have been thrust aside by the Senators of
our country when we have asked for the
vote. This has been a bitter pill for us to
swallow. Still Tub Call has given us a
sweet morsel in order to take away the
bad taste which has remained in our
mouths for over thirty years. But The
Call promises to do yet more, and its
promise will be kept In the most public
and irretractabie manner that grand paper
has espoused our cause. With such an
advocate how can we fail?"
AT THE BIBLE CLASS.
Tribute to '-The Call" for Its Stand
on Suffrage.
Mrs. Cooper during the progress of her
lesson before the bible class yesterday in
Native Sons' Hall was speaking upon the
subject of strength and some of the char
acteristics of strong character. She said :
"For highest results justice and power
must go together. "Whatever is just should
be powerful, and whatever is powerful
should be just. No people can be truly
free who have not learned to be just."
Mrs. Cooper here paid a high tribute to
The Call for its position in regard to
woman, as enunciated iv yesterday's edi
tion. She said:
"This is the only true position. Let
woman be and do whatever she can be and
do! Every thoughtful woman who longs
to be and do her best will not fail to snow
her warm appreciation of this brave stand
taken by The < all.
"There need be no fear that a true
woman will be contaminated by work for
the public good. Tne sunbeam is never
contaminated by the sloughs and miasm
on which it shines. It just lifts up all the
rank dampness and transmutes it into pure
mists and vapors that descend in blessing
on the earth.
"We need to serve others more than we
do, renouncing lives of ease and choosing
lives of service. In this way we should
insure soul-health, and grow into his
image who came not to be ministered unto
but to minister, and to give his life a ran
som for many."
THE LABOR ALLIANCE.
Coinmltteemen Make Reports Upon the
Condition of Trades UnioiiH.
The Central Trades and Labor Alliance
met last evening. Present Delegates I.
Lew, S. Fuchs, F. Hodges. A. Mueller, T.
Hansen, J. Gammer, J. Robinson, P. Ross
Martin, Thomas Hendersen and J. Jorgen
sen. These represented the following
unions: Barbers' Association of San Fran
cisco, Amalgamated Woodworkers, Frater
nity of Hotel and Restaurant Employes,
Bukers' Union No. 24, Carpenters' No. 304
and the Confectioners' Union.
After receiving the reports of the organ
izing committee, the alliance went into
executive session and elected I. Less of
the Barbers' Association temporary chair
man and T. Lynch of the Fraternity of
Hotel and Restaurant Employes tempor
ary secretary.
Vacancies in the organizing committee
were filled by the appointment of I. Less,
T. Lynch, P. Ross Martin and J. W. Rose.
The alliance decided to give the barbers
its support in the 8 o'clock closing move
ment.
Theodore Lynch of the organizing com
mittee appointed to visit the various
trades unions reported having met with a
favorable reception in most of the unions.
He said that the committeemen's visits to
the different unions convinced them that
a great amount of inactivity and lethargy
exists owing to the fact that labor unions
are not more progressive along economic
and political lines.
The meeting adjourned to meet again
next Sunday evening, when reports will
be received from the organizing commit
tee.
WHITE LOTUS DAY.
Memorial Services by Theosophfstn for
Mme. J'.lavnt «ky in Shasta Hall
May 8.
As every society has days set apart for
the honor of its founders or prominent
members, so have the Theosophists. May
8 is White Louis day and will be observed
by members of that body the world over in
honor of Mme. Blavatsky, the great cen
tral sun of the order.
At 8 p. m. memorial services will be held
in Shasta Hall conjointly by the San Fran
cisco, the Oakland and the Alameda Theo
sophic societies.
Mrs. M. M. Thirds, the secretary of the
Pacific Coast Theosophical Committee,
stated that it was a wish expressed by
Mme. Blavatsky, shortly before her death,
that the theosophists of all the world
should meet on the anniversary of her
death and have readings from Sir Edwin
Arnold's "Light of Asia" and from the
Bhagavad-Gita. As to the origin of the
name (white lotus) the lady was in doubt.
The following is the programme for the
occasion:
Piano soio, "Marches Milltaires Nos. 1 and
3" (Schubert), Miss Alice Winant; introductory
remarks. Dr. W. \V. Gamble; solo, "Flower
May Hide IM Lovely Face" (Osgood), Rob
ert Madden; reading, s-lection from the
"Bhagavad Gita," Mrs. M. M. Thirds;
address, Dr. J. A. Anderson; quartet, "The
Harmonious Blacksmith" (Handel). Mrs.
Rogers, Miss Spencer, Messrs. Gay and Jones
reading, selection from "The Light of Asia."
Dr. Allen Griffiihi; vocal solo, selected. Miss
Spencer; address, Mrs. Harris; quartet, "Home
ward" Miss Spencer, Mrs. Rogers,
Messrs. Gay and Jones.
SCIENCE AND THEOLOGY.
Dr. York Lectures Before a Lara;* Aud
ience at Scottish Hall.
Dr. J. L. York, the liberal lecturer, en
tertained a large audience last night in
Scottish Hall on science, theology and
lelieion with a prelude on "Rome's Hand
in Scndine to Prison the Editor of the A.
P. A. Magazine."
Science, he declared, is derived from the
word scio and means "reading from the
great book of nature the right relation of
things"; and that, according to Draper
and others, is nothing more or less than
organised, arranged and definite knowl
edge of the world. The advantage of sci
entific truth, he said, is that what is true
in science is true everywhere and is true
always.
Theology is the inverse of science, as
the latter depends on demonstration and
the former on faith, the one assuming
nothing and proving everything, the other
assuming everything, but not proving an v
thing. Science he termed the motner of
true civilization and said that any one
with half an eye can see that science and
theology are not one and the same thing.
Those who seek truth are the real students
of divinity and high priests of men, and
no religion is the foster-mother of science,
civilization and liberty. In conclusion he
said that "true religion is simply honesty,
sincerity, benevolence and love to our fel
low-men. Theology is not what men
know, but what men ;believe about God
and salvation."
"Flynn's Financial Fools" In "The Popu
list." 50 cents per year. 17 Third street. •
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
Three
Special
Bargains
—IN
French
Woolen
Dress Fabrics!
$1.00 Yard.
50-INCH SATIN FINISH
FRENCH COVERT CLOTH
for Tailor and Outing Suits,
9 different colorings.
75c Yard.
40-INCH FRENCH NOVEL-
TY PLAIDS, pure silk and
wool, latest styles and
colorings.
50c Yard.
42-INCH rNDIGO STORM
CHEVIOT (French manu-
facture), warranted fast
colors.
Write for Samples of Above Goods.
TEIjEPHOKTE 3VCA.X:BJ 5777.
411, US, 116k 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
£)
Do as we do — get the best
for your money.
Quantity counts; but what
is the use of food if it isn't
good? True of California
and the whole country:
plenty of food, not plenty of
good food.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — Tuesday —
Teas .....lb. 35c
50c grades "Family Mixed" and
. "New Blend" Kinds for big
families and folks who economize.
8 lbs $1.
Mushrooms, F. Lecourt
.'. ....tin 222 C
regularly 30c
The kind they use in Paris and in
the best restaurants and hotels
here.
Table C1aret. ...... .gal 35c
regularly 50c
All our clarets are pure; only dif-
ference is age. All are healthful,
strengthening, pood.
French Mustard, .bottle 122 C
regularly — low enough at that;
most French Mustard costs 25c.
Dandicolle & Qaudin, Bordeaux.
Prunes, big; 40 to the lb. 10c
regularly 15c.
Sea Foam Soap . . . doz 45c
regularly 60c
Floats— delightful foamy lather;
but it doesn't smell nice— that's
why it goes for almost nothing.
Butter, first quality 30c
Second 25c
One buyer sends another
—the reason . for these low
prices. That's the reason
for giving a good moneys
worth every me, bargain or
no bargain.
May Catalogue ready, free
"THRIFT IS A GOOD REVENUE." GREAT
SAVING RESULTS FROM CLEAN-
LINESS AND
SAPOLIO
RAIN OR BHINE!
XV KAINOR SHINE!
RAIN OR SHINE! _
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, AT 13 M. *
AT SALESROOM, 602 . MARKET ST.
OK
REAL ESTATE.
RKAL ESTATE.
REAL KBTATE. „
HEAL ESTATE. >V. V' .^
CHOICE TENEMENTS — A KORECLOBTJRH -
- . > ; SALE. ;'
Income tenement property, 108 Langton st.; '•
: rents 911; no reserve. •
A FORECLOSURE SALE.
11-room nice home, 1526 Clay st. ; will rent 950;
: no reserve. =
Business property, cor. 16th and Guerrero sts. : •'■■
3 frontages; rents 160. '
A GRAND AND SAFE INVESTMENT.
Downtown; 129 3d st. , near Mission; rentsfl2B;..
never vacant. '..
Store and flats; 823 Howard St., near 4th; rent* '"'
130; almost new building.
A FORECLOSURE SALE. '■■■■ ',''
Cottage home, 432 28th »t., near Noe; rents $ 15. •
A FORKCLOSURE SALE. X
Business corner, SE. cor. 23d and Hampshire **-•
: sts. ; rents $32. .
Richmond home, 319 6th aye., near California •-
st. ; rents $20.
Three flats, 209 14th St., near Howard: rents 947;
on car line; all rented; $3500 mortgage can remain.:;:
AVOIDING FORECLOSURE. •. i-
Mission home, NE cor. Jersey and Vlcktbhr?.?
sts.; rents 9i!5; lot 28x114. ;._•> ■:»• -
Building lots, SE cor. Noe and Ridley sts. '[•"
j Business lot, 24th St.. near Sanchez. '■■•'■'■•*
AVOIDING FORECLOSURE. ; /-
French flats, 1231 Union St., near Lttrlcln; rents, •
$47; 2 fronts; building almost new. . _.. .
AT SALESROOM. 602 MARKET ST.
A. M. SPECK & CO. ..=••.
A. M. SPECK * CO. •
A. M. SHKCK <fc CO. v
* A. M. SPECK & CO.
FOR 'I
* Fine Tailoring 1
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at *
' Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM ;
THE TAILOR.
PINTS made to order (too $4.00
SUITS made to enter from $15.00
MY $17.60 <no $38 SUITS '
201 and 203 Montgomery St., or. Bush
724 Karkat St. 1110 A lll2 St. V-
SAN FRANCISCO. .
Baja California
Damiana Bitters :
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tome tor the •
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, > and •
sre&t remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervln*.
; Sells . on Its own Merits-no long-winded tesll' „
I -^"..".SSrSL-KS * BKUNK, A^uts. ?
333 Market St.. 8. T.— (Send for Circular.)
WEDDINQ
Invitations, Announcements. Carrie n*. x<__
find Printed. Correct style iow™»t'' O "JF n * r * lr . ed
and directions for correct fora Sod;™^.^ 151 "-
-mailedpostpald for 10 cents ™stem^^mnS/?'
FiNB iSwtino, 535 Cla7 Bt° SiTiSaScSc^Si