VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 163.
OLNEY'S THREAT
BEARING FRUIT
Execution of the American
Captives in Cuba Is
Delayed.
TO BE TRIED IN SPAIN.
Supreme Council of Army and
Navy Will Pass Upon
the Evidence.
GENERAL WEYLER'S PROTEST.
Will Resign if the Prisoners Are Not
Put to Death— Another Expe
dition Starts, i
HAVANA, Cuba., May j 10.— repor
reaches here from the United States that
Captain-General Weyler has notified Sec
retary of State Olney that the Americans
captured on the schooner Competitor will
be executed in. accordance with the sen
tence of the . court-martial which tried
them, despite the protest of Olney. . It is
not known here that the Captain-General
has done anything of the kind. The only
thing that he has said about the case is
that Consul-General" Williams had pre
sented a claim that the Americans should
be tried by a "civil tribunal, as they were
not bearing arms 'when captured. It is
believed the matter will be decided at a
Cabinet meeting to be held in Madrid.
The British Consul has presented a
claim in favor of Kildea, the Englishman
who was captured on the Competitor.
Great secrecy has been observed regard
ing the proceedings in the ca>e, and the
fact that the men were sentenced to death
has not been made generally public here.
A'i that is said is mere hearsay.
On Friday last rebel bands invaded the
town of Hoyo, Colorado, eighteen miles
from Havana, and burned 158 houses, in
cluding the town hall.
. Cornelio Alvarez will be shot at Colon,
province of Matanzas, to-morrow, morn- ,
ing, aud at the same time sentence of
death will be executed on Jose Blanco Al
fonso in the Cabanas fortress here. Bath
men were convicted of the. crime , of re
bellion. ■ ..
. . Nine political prisoners were deported to
Spain U'-day. General Pando sailed on
the same earner. . . . -
RAGE OF THE BUTCHER
Weyler Will lietign if th- American*
Are Rot Fx'cttted.
MADRID, Sp.ux, May 10.— It is under
stood that the Cabinet has decided to place
the case of tbe men captured on board the |
filibustering American schooner Competi- ;
tor before the Supreme Council of the
Army and Navy for a revision of the pro
ceedines of the court-martial held in Ha
vana.
A dispatch from Havana says that Cap
tain-General Weyler is angry because of
the attitude, of tl;e United States, and that
he will resign unle&s the sentences are cxc- ,
cuted. The dispatch adds that the con- i
duct of the American ('onsul-Generai is
very irritating to local Srauiards. He j
shows h.niseli everywhere, and his talk is
menacing.
The Iraparcial's Havana correspondent
Bays that a man who was tried by court
martial on the charge of piracy, admitted ;
to the court that the American police j
made it a point to vanish when a filibus
tering expedition was departing from Key
West.
Prime Minister Canovas del Castillo in
formed a meeting of Conservative Depu
ties and Senators last evening that it would
be impossible for the Government to in
troduce reform in Cuba until the situation
in the island resumed its natural condi
tion.
Tbe British Consul at Havana has
cabled to Queen Regent Christina asking
her to pardon William Kildea, the Eng-
The San Francisco Call.
lishman, who was mate on the schooner
Competitor. : . . .
- . .. — ■ — •
WILL NOT BE EXECUTED.
Fate of the Americans to Be Decided at
Madrid. •
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 10.-When
Secretary Olney was asked to-day if any
news had been received during the day re
specting the action of the Cuban or Span
ish authorities upon the cases of the
Americans condemned to death for parti
cipatinc in the Competitor filibustering
expedition, he briefly responded in the
negative. .,., , -
The best opinion In Washington coin
cides with the information telegraphed
from Havana, that the fate of the Ameri
cans concerned will be decided by the
Spanish Cabinet at Madrid. The impres
sion prevails that they will not be exe
cuted. '
'••.■■ m ' -■ ■ ♦ v . .
DENOUNCE THE UNITED STATES.
Anti- American Feeling in Spain Revived
by Cleveland* Action.
LONDON, Eng., May 10.— The Daily
News will to-morrow say that it regraus
the Competitor case as being of the most
serious nature, recalling as it does the
Vireinius horror. The paper advises thr
Spaniards to mistrust their own national
ferocity in cases of this sort and adds that
by prompt and timely intervention Queen
Regent Christina may find a solution of
the difficulty.
The Madrid correspondent of the Stand
ard telegraphs that the anti- American feel
ing among the Spaniards has been bitterly
revived by the action of the United State*
Government in the case of the fillibusters
who are now under sentence of death at
Havana.
The Prime Minister has announced
publicly that the United States do not
protest against the right of Spain to
punish the filibusters but against their
summary trial by a military court, claim
ing that American citizens are entitled to
be tried by the civil courts under the
treaties of 1795 and 1877. Spain, he added,
was willing to consider the demand of the
United States and had telegraphed Cap
tain-General Weyler to delay the execu
tions. Great Britain had also protested
against the execution of Kildea.
The Epoca recommends prudence and
intimates that the Government will seek
again to conciliate President Cleveland.
The paper confirms the statement that
the case has been transferred to the Su
preme Council of the Army and Navy at
Madrid. The execution of the sentences
is thus virtually shelved.
All the Madrid papers, with the excep
tion of tbe Epoca, denounce the United
States in their comments on the case. The
Standard will say:
"The position of the Spanish Govern
ment must attract s3-mpathy. If it
quashes the sentences it will lose the ser
vices of the only man in Cuba upon whose
firmness and generalship it can rely, and
will, besides, have to face the invectives of
its countrymen at home. On the other
hand, if the justice of the sentences is
maintained Spain must face a probable
war, to which the Cuban insurrection will
be mere child's P-ay. The present crisis
is produced by conditions which, ordi
narily, good will would have rendered im
possible."
The Chronicle will say: President Cleve
land has an admirable opportunity to
emancipate Cuba. He will not reeret it if
he uses it to the full, for there is no longer
any doubt that Spanish rule in Cuba is
abominable.
SPANIARDS CLEVERLY TRICKED.
Arms ' Loaded Onto a Filibuster in the
Midst of Spirg.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 10.— If the
British 1 steamer Laurada took arm's and
ammunition for the Cuban insurgents last
night, the persons who engineered the ex
pedition cleverly outwitted the Spanish
authorities who watched her down the
bay from a tug. .y i
The Laurada arrived here from Philadel
phia yesterday afternoon and dropped
anchor off Liberty Island at 8 o'clock. At
8:30 o'clock the Dalzell tug Raymond took
Captain John O'Brien from the Battery
landing and put him aboard the alleged
filibuster. Captain Dick man of the lat
ter craft came ashore on the Raymond and
went to his home in Brooklyn. At 7
o'clock another Dalzell tug, the F. B. Dal
zell, tied up at the Battery landing. She
had orders to wait until Captain Dickman
came back with a party,' then, to proceed
to the Laurada.
A half hour later, Captain Bam Hughes,
Captain Dickman, a Sandy Hook pilot,
and an engineer came down to the little
dock. With them was John D. Hart, a
tall, slim, well-dressed Cuban, about 60
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, MAY 11, 1896.
UNCLE SAM— Well, you have done it.
years of age. The latter carried a satchel,
and was accompanied by a 15-year-old boy,
who might have been his son. The Dal
zell then steamed out to the Laurada, and
the party climbed aboard.
On board the steamer all was quiet. A
few sailors paced the deck, but there was
little sign of ' activity on ' board. At that
time, it is believed, there could have been
no. arms on the vessel, as she was only
drawing twelve feet of water. ' Finally
Hart and his clerk climbed down the
Laurnda's side and got aboard the Dalzell,
which took them to the city.
All this time; there was an interesting
hunt for the Laurada's arms going on. A
steam lighter had been \ lying at pier 11
East River, during the early afternoon.
On the Spanish line, pier 10, a party of
Spanish spies watched the lighter, while a
tug with steam up lay down at pier 3
ready to give chase in case the lighter
loaded and started down the bay.
A little after 3 o'clock the lighter began
to load cases and boxes :at pier 11. Tne
spies made , a dash j for pier 3, got aboard
their tug and waited. Slowly the lighter
moved out into the river. Her head was
turned and she ;• started at a fast rate of
speed up the stream until she was oppo
site Corlears Hook. Then she tied up at a
pier there" and took on more cases and
boxes. The tug with the spies on board
followed, and steaming up the river a
short distance stopped and waited.
It was getting dark when the lighter
again steamed out into midstream. She
turned and when she got straightened her
screw began to churn the water into a
white wake. The tug with the employes
of the Spanish Government on board took
no chances. The tu^'s engine was "hooked
up" and the chase began. Lighter and
tug sped down the » river, dodging the
ferry-boats and other i craft. The former
took the Brooklyn shore and going across
Buttermilk channel rounded Governors
Island. The tue was right in her wake
and was just about to turn back and call
for the United States revenue cutters
Chandler and Hudson, which lay. at the
Barge Office with steam up, when i the
lighter 'suddenly disappeared. She had
gone around Governors Island instead of
across the bay to the waiting Laurada.
. . The • tug followed and saw the quarry
glide through the gap into the Atlantic
Basin and tie up. A' few men disembarked'
and in a few minutes her lights were put
out and the basin. was in silence. . , .
The spies on board the tug were thrown
entirely off their guard by this maneuver
and steamed about the bay, around the
Laurada and back to the barge office,'
where, it is said, they reported to the
Spanish . Consul, ; Signor Baldasano, who
was awaiting the tu:j in company with
United States Marshal] McCarthy and sev
eral assistants. They were ordered back
to Atlantic Basin. . , . . , .
. When they cot there, a 5 sight met their
gaze that dumfounded them. There was
the lighter still tied up, but her decks were
innocent of a single box or case. They
had been removed while the spies were
chasing about the bay on another errand.
.. It is alleged that the Excelsior made
three mysterious trips from the vicinity of
the basin to the Laurada before 8:30
o'clock, when she lifted anchor and
steamed out through the Narrows. It was
announced about the Battery that four
Gardiner guns, 400 cases of ammunition,
and twelve long cases, supposed to contain
Winchester rifle*, composed the Laurada's
cargo, but this could not \be verified. It
could not be learned . for what port the
Laurada had cleared. Wcri :>
*
LOADED OFF ASTORIA
The Laurada Carrie* a Full Cargo of
Munition* of War.
PHILADELPHIA, i»A., May 10.—Frora
information received here to-night it is
likely that the alleged filibustering steam
ship Laurada took a cargo of arms and
ammunition and a party aboard off
Astoria, L. I. After outwitting the Span
ish spies in New York Bay last night the
Laurada slipped up Long Island and hove
too off Astoria. Here, it is said, three tugs
Continued on Second Page.
RACING FOR THE
WHITE HOUSE.
Claims of the Managers of
the Several Republican
Aspirants.
FIGURES AT VARIANCE.
Why Ex-Senator Platt Believes
McKinley Will Not Be
the Man.
GROSVENOR SURE OF SUCCEBS.
Aldrich Says That Coo\ Sober Judg.
ment Will Norn nate the Man
From Mime.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 10.—Ex-Sena
tor Platt maintains that the nominee of
the Republican Convention will not be
McKinley, and to-night he made a state
ment of the grounds of his opinion and
the reason why, in his opinion, another
man would win.
"The convention." said Mr. Platt, "will
contain 918 delegates. It will require 460
to nominate. According to the figures
printed in the Tribune this morning, which
are in all respects in accord with the facts,
the delegates instructed for McKinley
number 510. This is 145 votes short and
of these eighty-eight votes remain to be
chosen. Wnen it comes to a vote in the
convention McKinley's support will be lit
tle in excess of the number who consider
themselves bound by instructions.
"My opposition to McKinley proceeds
almost entirely from my belief that he
will get the party into turmoil and trouble.
He is not a well-balanced man of affairs,
as Governor Morton is. He is not a great
man, as Senator Allison is. He is not
an astute political leader, as Senator
Quay is. He is simply a clever
gentleman, much too amiable and much
too impressionable to be safely intrusted
with a great executive office whose quest
for honor happens to have the accidental
advantage of the association of his name
with the last Republican protective tariff.
"Mr. McKinley, as I think the Tribune
recently remarked, had really less to do
with the industrial law than had either
Governor Dingley or Senator Aldridge.
But simply because of his position an
chairman of the Ways and Means Com
mittee of the Fifty-first Congress it
has borne bis name, and there seem
to be a good many people who
labor under the impression that he wrote
it, line for line, and that the theory that it
embodies originated in his colo^sai intel
lect. I would not deny him one jot or tittle of
the credit that really belongs to him, but
it is most unnaudsome to defraud others
of the credit that belongs to them."
Mr. Platt roes on to say that there are
two great questions to be settled — the
tariff question «nd tho currency question.
The people do not want a radical tariff in
any direction, bnt a safe, healthy and ra
tional bill, and Mr. McKinley represents
the most radical and extreme views of pro
tection.
On the silver question he says Mr. Mc-
Kinley's convictions are not revealed by
his votes or his speeches, and the Repub
lican candidate for President must be a
man who stands out firmly as an advocate
of sound currency, with gold as the stand
ard of value— such a man as Governor
Morton.
"When the delegates at St. Louis come
to consider these things," he says, "their
choice for PVesident will not be William
McKinley," and he concludes: "They will
realize that their candidate should be a
wise, temperate, conservative, educated
statesman, with definite policies, taxed
opinions and a safe record."
ALDRICH IS ROPSTEL
Believe* Sober Judgment Will Reault in
Heed* \otnination.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 10.—Con
gressman Aldrich made the following
statement to-nigh.t:
"The friends of Speaker Reed, fully con
scious of the gains made by Governor Mc-
Kinley in the pending National contest
during the past week, but with full infor
mation concerning the position and stand
ing of the delegates thus far elected, are
yet hopeful if not confident of the ultimate
success of their candidate Before the con
vention.
"Up to date there have been elected 832
out of a total of 918 delegates, of which
number it is reasonable to say that Gover
nor McKinley has, excluding the contested
cases, 361 votes. Concerning the latter,
we will not prejudge the action of the con
vention. The number of delegates yet to
be elected is eighty-six. Should he succeed
in capturing them all, and he will not get
one-half of them, he will still fall short of
the necessary majority, and must then
rely noon the contested cases to give him
the nomination.
"All Republicans favor protection, but it
is quite evident that the tariff will not be
the sole issue of the campaign, for a new
and more important element now com
mands public attention — the money ques
tion. The straddling platform will never
do, nor can any candidate who was ever
on it gain the full confidence of the people.
It is for this reason and because we believe
that sentiment is undergoing a rapid and
radical change in that particular that we
are convinced the candid sober judgment
of the delegates after deliberation, which
will be had between now and the 16th of
June, will nominate Mr. Reed, because he
best represents the great business Interests
of the financial world and the American
people."
GROSPANOR`S BULLETIN.
Say* So Earthly I'otcer Can Prevent
McKinley'* Somination.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 10.-General
Grosvenor, in his weekly bulletin relating
to the Republican Presidential nomina
tion, issued to-night, insists that it is all
over but the shouting.
"I do not deem it vitally important," he
says, "to issue this bulletin. Everybody
who has knowledge enough to be signifi
cant and candor enough to be manly
knows that this contest is over and that
no earthly power can prevent the nomina
tion of McKinley on the first ballot.
"I still insist in placing in my table the
men who have been elected beyond all
reasonable doubt, and who are either in
structed, pledged or known to be sup
porters of McKinley. If I should doubt
the integrity of men who had accepted
elections as National delegates with in
structions attached to their elections, the
public would infer either that I had
knowledge that there were scoundrels
elected as delegates or that long contact
with vicious men in politics had polluted
my mind to such an extent that I believed
that other men were dishonest.
"In this connection it may be stated that
there is great interest being taken by the
masses of the Republicans of the country
in t he nomination of President this year —
more so than has ever been taken by the
people since I have known anything about
politics — and the power of public opinion
that has crushed combinations and humil
iated bosses and marched in triumph over
the great body of the States is abundantly
capable of realizing the fruition of the vic
tories it, has won."
General Grosvenor's table of votes by
States and Territories aggregate 548, in ad
dition to which be asserts that at least
twenty votes east of the Allenhanies are
not enumerated by him.
Included within his table are sixty con- 1
tested seats, some of which, he says, will ;
be surrendered to the McKinley delegates |
without further contest. But allowing |
that all should be decided against Mc-
Kinley, General Grosvenor figures out for
him 488 uncontested, instructed and
pledged votes on the first ballot. Of the
72 delegates to be elected he counts on 50,
which, added to the 488, makes 538 beyond
all controversy.
"Thus it will be seen," he continues,
"that allowing the politicians who are
superior to us in the management of all
these affairs to have their own way upon
every one of these contests and unseat
every one of the McKinley delegates, still,
then, McKinley will have a sweeping
majority."
Coming in conclusion to the question of
the committee on credentials, about
which there has been some anxiety mani
fested in certain quarters. General Grosve
nor says:
"McKinley nas either the entire delega
tion or the majority thereof in thirty
three States and Territories, so it may
well be understood that McKinley has a
sweeping majority of the States uncon
tested. He has a National committee,
honest and incorruptible, and will have
two-thirds of the States and Territories,
which will insure him a fair committee on
credentials, which is all he asks."
CLEVELAND'S CHANCE
May Secure the -Nomination by a Yiqor
oun Cuban Policy.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, May 10.-John
Bookwalter, wno has been mentioned as a
delegate-at-large from Ohio to the
Chicago Convention, representing the
silver element, said tnis afternoon
in talking of the probability of
President Cleveland's nomination, that he
is of the belief that Mr. Cleveland will
leceivethe nomination. He thought the
Cuban question would reach such a stage
that it would give the President an op
portunity to arouse the patriotism of the
people and the inevitable result would be
bis nomination at the hands of the con
vention.
QUIET AT NEW ORLEANS
Governor Foster** Inauguration May
Xot He Interrupted.
NEW ORLEANB, La., May 10.— A tele
gram from Baton Rouge says all the mem
ber? of the Legislature are on Land and
that all indications are that Governor
Foster will be inaugurated for his second
term with scarcely a ripple to disturb the
proceedings. Many sensational stories
have been sent abroad about what is going
to happen at the State capitol, but the
armed men who, it was said, would be
there to seat Captain Pharr, the Populist-
Republican candidate for Governor, who
claims he was elected, have failed to ma
terialize.
DELAWARE VOTES FOR QUAY
Hhat the Republican Leader Says After
the J-iftht for Delegate*.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., May 10.— J. Ed
ward Adiiicks, the Delaware Republican
Jeaoer who yesterday defeated the forces
of ex-Senator llijgins in the tight for
delegates to the State Convention, in an
interview here to-day said that Delaware's
votes in tbe National Convention would
be cast for Quay.
SERIOUS RIOT IN HUNGARY.
- - .- , - - . .'. - - ;.;■• •>-.<■
Socialists Raise the Red Flag at a Uni
. .. versal Suffrage Demonstration.
Hundreds Wounded.
BUDA-PEST, Hungary, May ' 10.— A se
rtous riot : occurred in this city to-day.
The agitation in" favor of universal suffrage
led to the v holding of a procession, in
which, it is said, 15,000 men took part.
The demonstration was under the leader
ship :of Deputy Ugron. The procession
was orderly until the socialists in the
ranks raised a red banner.
Herr Ugron pleaded with them not to
spoil a good cause by displaying the em
blem of social disorder, but his words were
unheeded. Then the real workingmen at
tempted to seize the banner and a free
fight resulted, in which a great number of
the processionists took part. , The police in
quelling the disorder found it necessary to
use their swords and hundreds of the
rioters were wounded. A large number of
arrests were made.
♦ " '-'
TROOPS FOR SUAKIM
Two Native Infantry Regiments Under
: Urgent Orders. •
LONDON, Eng, May 10.— The Times will
to-morrow publish a dispatch from Simai,
stating that two native infantry regiments
will start for Suakim at * the earliest possi
ble moment. The dispatch does uot men
tion whether these troops are to take an
active part in the Soudan campaign or
whether they will be used for garrison
purposes at Suakini.
.The Cholera in Egypt.
The Cholera in Egypt.
CAIRO, Egypt, May 10.— There were
twenty-three cases of cholera and sixteen
deaths from the disease reported in Alex
andria to-day. Three cases were reported
in Cairo.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FUSION IS THE
SINGLE ISSUE.
A Question to Be Decided
at the Populist State
Convention.
SENTIMENT IS DIVIDED.
Wilkins of San Jose Leads the
Fight Against a Coalition
With Silverites.
GATHERING AT SACRAMENTO.
Scattering Delegations Put In an
Early Appearance — Views of
the Leaders.
SACRAMENTO, Cau, May 10.— With
one single exception the proceedings of the
1 Populist State Convention promise to be
! harmonious and quiet. But this one issue,
| at this early stage of the State gathering
jof the people's party representative*,
j promises to evolve oratory, debate, divis
; ions and heartburnings that would n>aka
j glad even those who saw to fit to criticize
the splendid work of the recent Republi
can Convention.
This momentous question is whether to
fuse or not to fuse with the silver party,"
who meet in National Convention at St.
Louis by invitation of the executive com
mittee of the Populist party on July 22.
the same day on which the convention ol
the latter is to be called to order.
On this issue the lines will be sharply
; drawn, and the most determined and vig
orous campaigning and wire-palling will
be dune within these lines until the thirty
nine National Convention delegates are
; officially instructed in reference to the
i matter. The situation is a peculiar one,
i though one easy of comprehension, even
! by one not a politician or even a political
economist.
The opposition to the fusion movement
will be led on the floor of the convention
by M. W. Wilkins of San Jose, editor of a
paper in that city called the New Charter.
Ever since the movement was launched
he has wielded pen and tongue against it
on every occasion and at every oppor
tunity. He declares that with men like
Senator Stewart of Nevada at the head of
i the silver party it is certain to be domi
nated by monopolists, corporations and
capitalists, the very elements that the
Populists are most strenuously seeking to
eliminate from the economic system of
the country.
Then he points to the fact that Stephen
Gage was very prominent in the first call
for the formation of a silver party in Cali
fornia and that George \V. Baker, the
chairman of the Silver party of California
is a railroad attorney, as be is employed to
I look after the Oakland railroad franchises.
From these facts, he argues to his own
satisfactory conclusion, and to that, it ia
; claimed, of many others that the silver
j party of California will be controlled by
! the monopoly element; and, reasoning
further, he declares that if this is the case
in California, with its known antagonism
to everything monopolistic, it is likely to
hold gooa of the National Silver Conven
tion as a whole.
Holding these views, which he has made
not the sligntest attempt to conceal, Edi
; tor Wilkins proposes to oppose a union of
the silver and Populist forces at St. Louis
under any and all conditions. His idea ia
| that the ally or allies of his party must be
| as devoid of suspicion as was declared to
be the wife of Caesar. As Mr. Wilkina
tersely expresses it, he is afraid that an
alliance with the silver men will give the
Populists the platform and the white
metaliists the nominee, and he cites past
I instances to prove his assertion that fusion
J has always proven disastrous to the Popu-
I lists and advantageous only to the ally.
En passant it may be remarked, that
owing to the generally unfortunate results
of these coalitions, the word "fusion" ia
stricken from the lexicon of the Populist.
He prefers union, consolidation, alliance,
federation, or any other synonym. Tq»j
mere use of the term "fusion" in connec
tion with any proposition is sufficient to
defeat it.
WiUins, who is evidently destined to be
| known as the great anti-fasionist, has al
ready achieved considerable prominence
in his efforts to establish what is known as2
the •Labor Exchange ' throughout the
Stale. This is a scheme to make exchanges
between its mem oers? without the use of
legal tender money. | t v , .•'■.*'-'
Those who are, in favor of a union with,
the silver people at St. Louis • declare the
conditions which surrounded the birth
and growth of the silver party in Califor
nia do not exist in other sections, and
that by an alliance of the kind stated all
the silver votes of the country would be
secured to the Populist party.
One of the things that will be enacted
by the Populists in case of a union will be i
the naming of the Presidental candidate, |
who must be. first of all, a Populist. The
California Populists' favorite Presidental
candidate is Senator Allen of Nebraska.
Another argument against fusion lies in
the fact that the silver convention dele
gates are appointed, givin. better oppor
tunity for one-man control than the pri
mary election plan, which is followed by
the People's party in the selection of its
delegates to the various State conventions.
Although but comparatively few of the
delegates came in to-night, the matter of
Congressional nominees, electors, dele
gates-at-large and district delegates was a
topic of general interest and discussion, as
was also the officering of the convention.
The principal work of the general con
vention will be the selection of two Pres
idential electors at large and their al
ternates and eleven delegates at large to
the St. Louis convention and their alter
nates; while the district conventions will
each elect one district elector and four dis
trict delegates to the St. Louis convention.
California, will thus be represented at St.
Louis by a total of thirty-nine delegates.
For electors-at-large Mayor Sutro of San
Francisco and Colonel E. W. Gibson of
Oakland have been favorably talked of.
Among the possibilities for delegates-at
large are T. V. Cator, Colonel Gibson, J. H.
Ring of Humboldt, M. E. Dittmar of
Redding, Chairman Wardell of the State
Central Committee, Secretary Bush, J. L.
Dryden of San Diego, Stephen Bowers of
Ventura, D. T. Fdwler of Fresno, J. V.
Webster of San Luis Obispo, George D.
Gillespie of San Francisco, A. W. Thomp
son of San Francisco, J. M. Moore of Ala
meda, Mayor Sutro of San Francisco, J.
W. Keegan of Santa Rosa.
For Congress in the First District George
W. Monteith is among the possibilities.
In the Second District Burdette Cornell,
Charles Kitts of Grass Valley, George
Thresher of Ridley and J. E. Camp, treas
urer of the State Central Committee, are
prominently mentioned.
There are also three candidates being
put forward by their friends in the Third
District. They are Ex-Assemblyman A.
Bretz of Oakland, Colonel E. W. Gibson
of Oakland, and Sam Stewart of Suisun.
Congressman Maguire is favorably looked
upon to receive the suftrage of the Popu
lists of the Fourth District.
Taylor Rogers, the popular secretary of
San Francisco's Mayor, is the favored can
didate for Congressman in the Fifth Dis
trict- W. C. Bowman, who ran on the
Populist ticket for Congress two years ago,
and J. V. Webster of San Luis Obispo, are
the gentlemen mentioned in connection
with Congressional honors in the Sixth
District.
In the Seventh District the names of J.
L. Gilbert and J. S. Dore are just now
prominent.
F. L. Waters of Siskiyou is likely to be
one of the delegates from the First Dis
trict. In the Third District the district
delegates and district electors will be
chosen from among the following: Ed Ma
guire of Oakland, N. T. Whiting of Berke
ley, Burdette Cornell of Oakland, W. A.
Vann of Colusa, Samuel L. Stewart of Sui
sun and M. B. Elliot of Lake. -
M. W. Wilkins and J. W. Hines, both of
San Jose, are two of the probable dele
gates from the Fifth, and S. M. Moulton,
who has already received the indorsement
of the Santa Clara County Convention for
district elector, is likely to receive that
honor from this district." : . \
Alameda County is said to have a can
didate for the chairmanship of the conven
tion in the person of a prominent member
of the Youn; Men's Club of Oakland. It
is the slated intention to honor a man
from the southern part of the State for
secretary — preferably a resident of Los
Angeles — and W. H. Chapman of Alameda
is slated for assistant secretary.
Although it is the general opinion that
T. V. Cator has a cinch on the indorse
ment of the convention for United States
Senator, he is likely to have a rival in the
person of A. H. Rose, whose friends say
they will at least name him for Senatorial
honors.
Secretary R. E. Bush of the Populist
State Central Committee was interviewed
on the train, while speeding toward Sacra
mento. He stated that the headquarters
of the Populist delegations would be at
the State House, at the corner of Tenth
and X streets, as it was within easy reach
of the Capitol. •. The full number of dele
gates entitled to seats on the floor of the
convention is 349. comprising 286 regular
delegates and 63 members of the State
Central Committee.
Secretary Bush stated that there would
in all probability be no attempt to adopt a
State platform. Instead, the "Populists'
Omaha platform of July 4, 1892, contain
ing the three important planks on money,
land and transportation would be in
dorsed. Resolutions, however, were almost
certain to be introduced favoring woman's
suffrage and direct legislation. Continu
ing, Mr. Bash said:
"There may be some attempt to intro
duce resolutions on the temperance Ques
tion, but I believe the general sentiment
is that this question should be left alone
until direct legislation is obtained, when
the liquor problem as well as other issues
now under consideration' will be rendered
easier of solution."
"Are there not likely to be Congressional
nominations made at Sacramento by the
various districts?" asked a Call represen
tative. . •
"I hardly think that will be the case,"
replied Mr. Bush, "except, perhaps, in the
First, Second and Seventh districts.
These are all 'shoestring* districts; that id,
they extend for a long distance, embrac
ing counties which are apart. In these it
may be deemed advisable to nominate
Congressional candidates while all the
delegates are together at the capital." "
— — "♦ ■ .
SOME OF THE DELEGATES.
Mm Who Shape the Destinies of Cali
fornia Populism.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 10.— Quite a
sprinkling of delegates arrived on the
evening trains and are apportioned be
tween the State House and the Western
Hotel. These are second-class establish
ments of good quality, the first-class
houses being too expensive for the Popu
lisls. the majority of whom are hardwork
ing tillers of the soil, mechanics and labor
ers; consequently the Golden Eagle and
the Capital hotels, which during the Re
publican State convention swarmed and
buzzed with well-dressed, and in some in
stances, loudly-attired people, are as quiet
and as lonesome as a Sacramento street
on a hot day.
In fact it would be likely to forever blast
the political prospects of a man who
should wear a silk hat and put up at a
high-priced house, if he ever expected to
obtain anything at tbe hands cf the Popu
lists. The environment would be against
him, and he might as well jro to the con
vention as the president of a National
bank and expect to be elected its chairman
as to board at an aristocratic hotel and
expect to be viewed with anything but
distrust in the convention.
Southern California came up early this
afternoon, San Diego, Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara being represented by a few
stragglers and Fresno by a good contin
gent. The Fresnoans are Professor D. T.
Fowler, John 8. Dore, J. R. Reid, J. L.
Gilbert, Thomas Martin, E. S. Van Meter
and A. J. Waterhouse.
Professor Fowler is a graduate of an
Eastern college, and went to Fresno County
several years ago to compete with the
cheap labor Spaniards in the raising of
raisins. Owing to the lack of a reasonable
protective tariff on raisins, tbe professor's
profits are not so large as they should be.
He has been a member of tbe Farmers'
Alliances and farmers' : institutes almost
as long as they have been organized. He
is a good presiding officer, and may go to
St. Louis as one of : the delegates at large.
;. John S. Dore is a dried-fruit and raisin
grower of the same county. He is reported
to own considerable real estate, has money
in bank and is a shrewd business man.'
Fresno claims him as one of her best
citizens, and he has served his' county on
Grand Juries and in several other" im
portant offices.
As a fighter in Populist politics he will
take a seat in the rear at the bidding of no
man, and cannot be counted on to doff his
hat to any person in the ranks of tbe
party. . Added to this, he is level-headed,
with no hobbies, and is not a member of
the grand army of cranks.
J. L. Gilbert, State lecturer of the party,
is well known all over the State. He is an
effective speaker, and will make things
lively in the convention should things fail
to come his way.
E. S. Van Meter is spoken of by his
former associates as "a ; good Democrat
cone wrong." He was assistant district
attorney of Fresno County under more
than one Democratic administration, and
was a politician of the Tammany school,
to be counted on for the programme.
"As a stump-speaker he proved very ef
fective, not only among the gold ledges of
Grub Gulch, the cool heights of Pine
Ridge and the sluice- boxes of Coarse Gold,
but among the muscat vines of Washing
ton and Temperance colonies and the Ber
mudas grass pastures around the humble
town of McMullin, chiefly celebrated for
the virtue and industry of its inhabitants
and the large proportion of jack-rabbits
and babies. The jack-rabbits are men
tioned first because they are more numer
ous than the babies. But there is hope
that McMullin will do better yet."
Van Meter, in the latter days of his
career as a Democrat, ran for a judgeship
or some other little office of the kind in a
Fresno County Democratic primary, and,
to use the words of the "push," he was
unmercifully jobbed by his Democratic
brethren, who believe in individual as well
as state sovereignty.
It was not long after that that the film
of the Democracy was removed from the
eyes of Van Meter, and he began to sus
pect that Cleveland was not selling bonds
to the gold sharks of Europe. and Wall
street for his health. He also discovered
that a protective tariff on raisins and dried
fruits would be a good thing for the people
of Fresno County, while it might not be a
good thing for Democratic consistency,
which, in the language of Mr. Taylor from
Alameda in tbe Republican convention
last week, "is supposed to be devoid of
jewelry." There was nothing left for Van
Meter but to become a Republican or a
Populist. He did not- like tbe idea of
turning Republican, because he might be
accused of being a turncoat, but as any
body may become a Populist he enlisted
under the banner of Weaver and Cator,
and has thus far served the party by stand
ing and waiting, but he has hope:;.
By all odds the most picturesque feature
in the Fresno delegation is Andrew Jack
son "Waterhouse, "the man about town"
and poet of the Fresno Republican.
Waterhouse was a rank Populist before he
was blown into . California by a Kansas
cyclone and was known as a sweet singer
of the prairies long before be raised his
mellifluous soul in sone in competition
with the chanting frog of the ban Joaquin
tales. That was when he was employed
on the Stockton Mail. Then he blew down
the San Joaquin Valley in a sandstorm
and lifted up his soul in type among the
alfalfa fields and wineries of Fresno. Dar
ing the last gubernatorial campaign he
slumped the State for the Populists and
was a drawing card, for he is real clever,
is quite a wit and had the distinction of
having been criticized adversely by Am
brose Bierce.
Alameda sends a strong delegation, R.
E. Bush being the first arrival this even
ing. He is a shrewd man, having nothing
to say,' and is on the ground early to look
after the interests of Alameda County in
the combinations that may be made.
. W. C. Bowers of Los Angeles, J. L. Dry
den of San Diego, J. W. Starkweather of
Santa Barbara, J. W. Keegan of San**
Rosa and E. M. Wardell of Los Angeles
are among the early arrivals from the
south. They decline to show their hands
but have several combination cards up
their sleeves.
The rush is expected •to arrive by to
morrow's trains and by evening all the
delegates will be here, from the lava beds
of Modoc to the ostrich farms of Coronado.
•»
WALK TO THE CONTENTION.
Delegate* Wito Be fuse to Bide on the
Southern J'arijic.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 10.— A cara
van of Populist delegates from the pleasant
pastures of Modoc, the pine-clad slopes of
Shasta and the nuanzanita foothills and
bottom lands of Tehatna are expected here
to-morrow morning.
These delegates are poor men with a
prejudice against C. P. Huntington'sroad.
and rather than sit in a stuffed seat covered
with red plush prefer to walk the ties or to
come muleback or in wagons. There are
twenty-five or thirty of them, and they
are under the leadership of Frank Hough
ton of Corning, Tehama County. They
mean business, and while some of them
wear whiskers, there are no wild oats in
them.
Walter Griggs arrived early thin even
ing after a four days' walk from Healds
burg. He had cone to bed before The
Call correspondents arrived from Han
Francisco, his feet being swollen and blis
tered and he could not be interviewed. As
may be surmised, Mr. Griggs is not a
warm friend of the Southern Pacific of
Kentucky.
Mr. Grigprs is a living illustration of the
indomitable spirit by which these men are
actuated. A man who will walk out of
Healdsburg to come to Sacramento to at
tend a Populist convention will be ready
to make any and all sacrifices for the good
of his party.
The delegates are plainly dressed, their
clothing showing not only the dust of the
road, but the discoloring action of the
sun's rays. They are men of sunburned
faces and calloused bands; men who make
their living by wrestling with the blind
but bcnincient forces of nature, which,
when overcome, are a blessing to the vic
tor. The majority are men who live on
their farms and whose faces are not seen
in public affairs to any great extent in
the cities and towns.
REFORMER HANKELL
A Picturesque Character Who Will Be
Heard in the Convention.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 10.— One of
the leading features of the Populist con
vention is the galaxy of reformers who
will be In attendance, many of whom have
picturesque histories. Foremost among
these is Burnette G. Haskell, soldier,
lawyer, orator, revolutionist and socialist.
This man has a history. He is past 30 and
is of medium height aud dresses reatly.
There is nothing particular about his ap
pearance to attract the attention of the
observer, save hia large blue eyeß, which
stand prominently forward. His enun
ciation is clear and distinct, his language
well chosen, bis sentences rounded and at
times gilded with eloquence.
This man has not only a history, but an
eventful one. Much that* is ill has been
reported about him by his enemies; they
have accused him of insincerity, of dema
gogery and of a desire to turn the propa
ganda of reform to his own aggrandize
ment. His friends as vehemently deny
these accusations. They point to sacrifices
made in behalf of what they believe to the
cause of humanity ; they tell of days and
nights of labor organizing socialistic sec
tions, labor unions and trade federations
without salary and even without the hope
of reward; for the cause in which he spoke
and toiled had neither wealth nor in
fluence at its back, and was looked upon
as be in lt one rather to be kept under sur
veillance by the police.
He was a socialist when socialists were
as scarce as tramps and millionaires, more
than a decade and a half aeo. He was a
Nationalist lone before Edward Bellamy
wrote "Looking Backward." He was a
Populist long before the "party of a hun
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 11, 1896.
dred planks" had begun to sprout among
the palmettos of the South and the corn
shocked prairies of the West. But Nation
alism had grown up to be a lanky, loose
jointed boy, with the down on bis lip er
lip feebly palpable to the fostering finger
before Uurnette G. Haskell, revolutionist
and socialist, sickened of the task of cast
ing pearls before swine, threw down the
red flag at Kaweah, and admitted what
some of his lees fiery associates had dis
covered before— that the socialistic temple
could not be built with selfish, thriftless,
shiftless men and women, and that it
would require perhaps centuries of intel
lectual and moral evolution befoie the
world would be ready for the realization
of the day-dream of Karl Marx and Fer
dinand Lassalle.
He had given socialism, or compulsory
co-operation, a fugitive test in the little
settlement in the mountains of Tulare,
and had found that churches did not make
religion and that lecture-halls did not
make philosophers. He had told in burn
ing words how in the beautiful days to
come man should cease to be master or
man; how poverty should no longer rack
the wearied limbs with pain, or tear the
tatters off the drudge's back and blue him
with the icy gale. He had told how men
and women should be as one family of
brothers and sisters, as God designed, and
live in peace and happiness in the a^e of
cold., when sorrow and want should be no
more. And having told all these things,
he awoke to find on nis lips the salt ashes
of disappointment and of wasted opportu
nity.
He found that socialistic sisters would
eossip and backbite as well as the
followersof Mammon; that socialistic men
would evade their common duties and
shirk their common work, and that, like
wolves, when one of their number is hurt
or sick unto death he is fallen upon by the
whole pack and torn to pieces. So the dis
contented, the cranky, the pessimistic,
turned upon Haskdll and every one else
prominently connected with the colony,
and the uproar of their contention was so
great that the outer world heard it and
scoffed at the reformers.
Sick at heart with the outcome of the co
operative experiment, following so closely
upon the failure of the Topolobampo
scheme, Haskell turned his steps toward
the electric lights of the great city by the
ocean and resumed the practice of the law.
But his old love would not be shaken off
and he joined the Populists. Their plat
form was not as socialistic as he would
have wished, but there was the Govern
mental ownership and control of railroads,
the currency question, the referendum and
direct legislation, all true-blue socialistic
doctrines.
In the meantime, many of his former
associates, now with the Populists, have
their knives bared for him should he at
tempt to take a prominent part in the
convention, as he will undoubted ly try to
do. Haskell has the trick of eloquence
and has often carried hostile legions off
their feet by the torrent of forceful words,
but his prestige has waned, and it will be
an uphill fight for him to get up to the
head of the class again, as even the Coast
Seamen's Union, the socialistic constitu
tion of which Haskell bad a large share in
making, contains many of his bitterest
foes.
The Haskell episode will be one of the
hot ones of the convention.
Monteith's Candidacy.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 10.— Among
those who came up on to-night's train to
attend the Populist Convention was George
W. Monteith, who has been prominently
mentioned as a candidate on the Populist
ticket for Congressman from the First
District.
"1 am not a candidate in the sense that
I am going to do any log-rolling to get the
nomination," said Monteith. "A great
many of my friends, particularly among
the working people, have asted me to run,
and if the convention in its wisdom sees fit
to give me the nomination, I will throw
all the enthusiasm and earnestness I can
into maKing a vigorous campaign to ulti
mate success. Still, if they think some
one else will run better than I, I will work
just as hard for him."
WASHINGTON REPUBLICANS
Delegate Wilson Says Free Coinage May
Be Defeated.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 10. — Hon.
Henry L. Wilson of Spokane, a brother of
United States Senator John L. Wilson and
the Spokane County recommended dele
gate to the National Itepublican Conven
tion, is in the city, en route to the State
Convention at Everett on May 14. Though
uninstructed by his county, he favors Mc-
Kinley for President and believes the State
Convention will not declare for free coin
age of silver at 16 to 1, or at any other
ratio. Concerning the probable action of
the convention as to the financial question
Mr. Wilson said :
"I am standing upon a free coinage
platform, and both in the State and the
National convention expect to support
that proposition. After having made an
estimate of the voting strengtn of the con
vention, I am doubtful of the ability of tbe
free coinage elements to control. As
nearly as I can ascertain there will be
about 250 votes in the convention for free
coinage, as against about 160 in favor of it.
I do not, however, expect to see the con
vention declare against frae coinage. The
probabilities are that it will straddle or
adjourn without any action upon this
subject. The section which I represent
will make an earnest effort to have the
convention declare for free coinage."
Governor McGraw and Hon. Andrew F.
flurleigh, Kings County's selection for
delegate to the National Convention, both
say the State Convention will not only de
clare against free coinage, but that it will
adopt a *'sound" money platform by a big
majority.
SEDMITS TO TRACHEOTOMY.
Sir John Miliais Undergoes a Critical
Operation for Cancer.
LONDON, Esq., May 10.— It is reported
that Sir John E. Miliais, president of tbe
Royal Academy, to-day underwent the
operation of tracheotomy, and that his
condition is critical. He is suffering from
some disease of tbe throat, which many
believe to be cancer, although Dr. Paget,
who recently examined him, declared that
tbe growth was not malignant. Tbe
Standard will to-morrow say that the
operation performed on Sir John Miliais
was successful, and that no fear is enter
tained of the result proving fatal.
HEROIC MEASURES.
How Mexican Military Authorities Make
Had Indiana Good.
OAXACA, Mex., May 10.— The Federal
troops are rapidly quelling the riotous
Indians who rebelled against the State
authorities. Twenty-five participants in
the uprising have been shot by official
orders at Juquila, and over 100 Indian
prisoners have arrived here for trial. They
will all be shot.
■ '•'■'■- '■ -:. - . ' — -.:♦'■ — — ■ '."■■
Big Labor Demonstration at Milwaukee.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., May 10.— The
street railway strikers and labor unions
of the city, about 7000 strong, paraded the
streets of the city this afternoon. The
men were very orderly and no disturbance
occurred. No cars were run all day, but
to-morrow the company promises to run
at least 100 cars.
Forest Fires Threaten Ttco Tillages.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., May 10.— The
forest fires which threatened Port Republic
on Saturday night burned in the direction
of OceanviHe and Pomona to-day, and
both villages are now threatened with de
struction. The residents have covered the
roofs of their houses with blankets satu
rated with water and are watching tbe fire
closely. ___^___^^___
Ball of the Senior Class.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 10.— The senior
ball at the State University will be given
to-morrow evening at Harmon Gymna
sium. Elaborate preparations are being
made lor the affair.
GERMAN ANGER
AT JOHN BULL
The Breach Is Widening
Over the Transvaal
Situation.
CHAMBERLAIN SCORED.
His Friendship for Cecil Rhodes
and Followers Causes In
tense Indignation.
BITTER ATTACKS BY THE PRESS.
Ultimate Supremacy of the Dutch in
the Whole of South Africa
Is Predicted.
BERLIN, Germany, May 10.— The tem
per which the dominant party in England
is displaying in the British House of Com
mons has excited intense indignation
throughout Germany. The debate in the
English Parliament on the Transvaal situ
ation was awaited here with probably as
keen interest as was popularly mani
fested in England, and tbe tone of the
advices received here from London created
a feeling of expectation that Mr. Chamber
lain, the British Secretary of State for the
Colonies, would freely and fully admit the
guilt of Cecil Rhodes and announce the
decision of the Government to treat him
and his accomplices as criminals. This
having been the general opinion, German
official circles and the press and tbe public
were astounded upon reading the speech
delivered by Mr. Chamberlaim, which was
telegraphed here from London, wherein
the Colonial Secretary minimized the out
rage upon international law which had
been committed by Rhodes, and suggested
that the English Government bad found
reasons justifying their defending Rhodes,
Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of the
Cape Colony, and the others who were
direct or indirect accomplices in the at
tack made upon the Transvaal.
The attitude of the German Government
toward England is now coldly neutral and
implies that Germany will not exert im
mediately any direct influence in South
Africa, but the popular sympathy with the
Boers and the general contempt for English
methodo have become so strong that tbe
Government may be constrained to adopt
some form of German interference In South
Afrjca before long. While the semi-official
press maintains a oertain degree of reserve,
the independent organs unanimously con
demn England.
The Neuste Nachrichten contends that
Mr. Chamberlain Is blind to the strength
of the Afrikander element, and incapable
of forming a just conception of the dangers
which are menacing the English regime or
of knowing how to avert them. The Eng
lish polioy of dupricity and the delay of
justice in dealing with the conspirators,
the paper says, will not retard affd pos
sibly may hasten tbe triumph of the Dutch
in the whole of South Africa.
Tbe National Zeitung, in an article pub
lished on Friday, contended that unless
Mr. Chamberlain announced prompt and
vigorous action on the part of the British
Government against Rhodes and his aid
ers and abettors, England would lose pres
tige in the eyes of the world and Mr.
Chamberlain would show himself in the
light of an accomplice.
The National Zeitung's remarks, com
bined with the tenor of Mr. Chamberlain's
speech, have revived reports here that Mr.
Chamberlain has guilt}' knowledge of
Rhodes' designs, which he does not dare
to disclose.
The Vossische Zeitung ridicules Mr.
Chamberlain's professions of confidence
in Sir Hercules Robinson, and scoffs at the
letter's pretended ignorance of Jameson's
intended raid. The paper goes on to
praise the Transvaal Government for its
foresight in demanding explanations from
England of the gathering of British troops
at Mafeking, and declares that full ex
planations must be made.
Most of the German newspapers quote
with approving comments from a commu
nication from Johannesburg, which ha.«
been issued by the Berlin Altdeutsche
Verbund, the pith of which is the state
ment that the Germans in the Transvaal
are very bitter against the English and
are joining the Boers. A voluntary corps
of companies has been formed, composed
solely of Germans, who wear the German
national colors on their breasts fashioned
in black, white and red rosettes. These
Germans, the communication says, share
the feeling of the whole people of the
Transvaal, who, as well as tbe Transvaal
Government, are desirous of seeing the be
ginning of a war to decide the question of
supremacy in South Africa.
A French Minister has come from Paris
to consult with the Foreign Office as to
selection of a successor to M. Herbette, the
French Embassador to Germany, who has
now been definitely recalled. Tbe candi
dates for the post include M. Billot, now
Embassador to Italy; Count Lefebre de
Behaine, French Embassador to the Vati
can, and M. Poubelle, Prefect of the Seine.
M. Billot would be persona grata here,
but no matter who might be selected any
change from M. Herbette would please the
Emperor, who detests the brusque French
man as cordially as that diplomat hates
the Kaiser, and would also be welcomed
by the officials of the Foreign Office,
whose enforced contact with M. Herbette
has been anything but pleasant.
The observance of Mayday by the work
incmen has resulted in a number of
troubles between the employes and the
employers. Fifteen metal-working estab
lishments in Berlin have locked out their
men for not working on May 1, and the
men have since declared a general
strike of metal-workers unless they are
granted a nine-hour working day and an
increase of 25 per cent in their wages.
Three thousand instrument-makers have
gone out on strike and 3000 other workers
at that trade have remained at work to
support the strikers. Tbe Hamburg cigar
importing firms have discharged all of
their employes who did not work on May
day, and labor disputes of this character
are general throughout the country.
The Berlin Post has obtained possession
of and published the text of a telegram
from the Emperor in regard to the
Christian socialists, of which Dr. Stoecker,
formerly court chaplain, is the leader.
The telegram, which is dated at tbe
Schloss on February 28, deals with the
rupture between Dr. Stoecker and the Con
servative party, and says:
"Stoecker has finished as I foretold years
ago. Political clergymen are monstrosi
ties. Whoever is a Christian is also socialist.
This Christian socialist nonsense leads to
self-conceit and intolerance, and is di
rectly contrary to Christianity. Clergy
men should mind the souls of the com
munity and not mix in politics."
After a procession of 1200 students of the
Academy of Arts, erouped in ears, and
300 others on horseback reached the In
dustrial Exposition erounds yesterday,
the exhibition fetes opened with a
"polonaise," which resembled a dream of
the middle ages.
The procession of students in bright cos
tumes wended its way between tbe red
brick gabled buildings and across the
squares of "Old Berlin," presenting an ex
tremely imposing spectacle. Dancing fol
lowed and there was a performance in the
quaint ancient theater. Only 15,000 per
sons visited the exhibition yesterday de
spite the perfect weather, but an atten
dance of 50,000 daily is needed to pay ex
penses.
The Statist estimates that the daily at
tendance when the preparations are finally
completed, including the provincial and
foreign visitors, will not exceed 22,000.
This estimate inspires fears that there will
be a large financial deficit for the pro
moters of the exhibition to face.
Lieutenant Yon Verson of the Prussian
Hussars, whose mother was formerly Miss
Clements of St. Louis, has been decorated
by the Emperor with his own hands with
the Order of the Crown for bravery in
rescuing a number of hia comrades from
drowning upon the occasion of an acci
dent to a pontoon bridge near Potsdam.
A decree has been issued prohibiting
tfe use by American dentists of a title
upon their cards or doorplates unless they
hold Prussian certificates.
A wood-carver named Ranimin, who
formerly lived in Chicago, nas committed
suicide here by shooting himself with a
pistol because he had been deserted by hia
mistress, a circus rider called "La Belle
Helene," whom he met at the World's
Fair in Chicago.
The wife of General A. McD. McCook,
the United States Commissioner to at
tend the coronation of the Czar at Mos
cow, will not proceed to that city with her
husband, but will remain in Dresden and
await her husband's, return. General Mc-
Cook and his party started from Berlin on
their way to Moscow on Friday.
TREATS OF PEACE CELEBRATION.
Anniversary Festivities at Frankfort
nn-tht—3lain.
BERLIN, Germany, May 10.— The twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the signing of the
treaty of peace between Germany and
France, which was signed at Frankfort
on-the-Main in 1871, was celebrated m that
city to-day. Emperor William and Em
press Victoria arrived at Frankfort this
morning and were given a most enthusi
astic reception by the officials and other
residents of tbe ciiy. The town was hand
somely decorated in honor of the occasion.
In tbe afternoon the Emperor unveiled
a monument to his grandfather. His
Majesty sent a telegram to Prince Bis
marck recalling his never-to-be-foreotten
service to the empire. Among other
things the dispatch said: "Side by side
with the name of the great Emperor that
of the great Chancellor will ever be em
blazoned in history. The feeling of grati
tude to you will never die in my heart."
A special edition of the Reichsanzeiger,
the official paper, was issued to-day in
which the Emperor thanks all the offi
cials in the civil service, especially in the
departments of posts, telegraphs and rail
roads, who assisted in tbe success of
1870-71.
OLNEY`S THREAT
BEARING FRUIT
I Continued from first Pafie.\
put aboard the steamship early this morn
ing 500 tons of arms and 1500 tons of am
munition. Besides these munitions of
war, sixty men went aboard the Laurada.
These men are under the leadership of
General S. Ruiz, a leader of the former
Cuban war. After taking the cargo Aboard,
tbe Laurtda bore away in an easterly di
rection. Captain Hughes commands the
Laurada, having replaced Captain Dick
cuan.
From what was learned hero to-night it
is more than likely that the Spanish gun
boat Mercedes, which chased tbe steam
ship Bermuda and prevented that vessel
from landing the expedition with which
she sailed from Jacksonville on April 26,
will be on the lookout for the Laurada.
A cablegram was received here to-night
from Truxillo, Honduras, to the effect that
the Bermuda left there this morning. While
at Truxillo it was noticed that the Ber
muda was still deeply laden and her decks
were crowded with men. It is thought af
ter the failure to land the cargo and men
in Cuba, in consequence of the vigilance
of tbe Mercedes, the vessel went to Trux
illo to receive further orders from the Cu
ban Junta in New York, as there is direct
cable communication between the two
places. Possibly t :en the Bermuda sailed
from Truxillo this morning and headed
for Cuba, and a second attempt to make a
landing will in all likelihood be made.
"LET US SHOOT THEM ALL."
A Havana Paper Fears Some American*
May Escape.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 10.-A Sun
correspondent in Havana under date of
May 6 says:
"Benor Eduardo Laborde, father of Al
fredo Laborde, the alleged commander
of the schooner Competitor, is making
all possible efforts to save the
life of his son, but General Wey
ler does not give him the least
hope. About Laborde's family, Weyler
said they all deserved capital punishment.
The Marquis of Palmeiol, Secretary of the
General Government, openly declared at
a meeting of Spaniards held at his office
that Cubans who were American citizens
bad no right to claim any consideration
from Spain, as they were responsible for
the revolution.
"Much feeling prevails among the
Sp&niards against the Americans and the
United States. The Spanish newspaper,
El Pueblo, says about the Competitor
affair: 'Let us shoot them all, American
citizens or not. If they are Americans let
us shoot them more quickly. We should
give a lesson to our neighbors and make
them know that they must respect the
Spanish flag. 1 "
Laborde a Pullman Conductor.
SAVANNAH, Ga., May 10.— Alfredo La
borde, one of the five men captured by the
Spanish warship on the alleged filibuster
ing schooner Competitor, is well known to
several people in Savannah. He was for
merly a conductor on a Pullman car run
ning on the Plant system between Savan
nah and Jacksonville.
Wife of a Famous Artist Dead.
LONDON, Eko., May 10.— The death is
announced of Mrs. Whistler, wife of J. ty.
McN. Whistler, the weii-known artist.
WITH GRANDEUR
AND SOLEMNITY
Cardinal Gibbons Confers the
Pallium Upon Arch
bishop Rain.
BRILLIANT CEREMONIES
The Investiture Unprecedented
in the West for Impres
sive Features.
PROCESSION IN THE STREETS.
Prominent Catholic Dignitaries Join
in Honoring an Eminent
Prelato.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 10.— One of the
most impressive ceremonies in the history
of the Catholic church of St. Louis oc
curred to-day when his Eminence, James
Cardinal Gibbons, conferred the pallium,
the insignia of archiepiscopal office, upon
Archbishop J. J. Kain. For brilliancy,
wealth of detail and solemnity the inves
titure was unprecedented in the West.
Cardinal Gibbons, tbe celebrant of the
pontifical mass, was assisted by the local
clergy in all the offices of the ceremony.
A number of eminent church dignitaries
from all parts of the country were present.
The service began with a procession at 10
o'clock, headed by the crossbearer, fol
lowed by Vicar-Generals, Monsignors,
Bishops, altar boys, Archbishop Kain and
his chaplains and the officers of the mass.
Cardinal Gibbons and his pages brought
up in the rear.
The procession left the sacristy and
marched through the streets bounding the
square in which the old cathedral is
situated. Upon returning to the cathedral,
the two lines separated and the bishops
were ranged inside the altar rail while the
priests were ranged on either side of the
chancel. The throne of the cardinal was
to the left of the altar. The grandeur of
the scene and the solemnity of the occasion
were impressive as the cardinal began the
mass. The music, under the direction of
Professor Eimer, was rendered by twenty
seven pieces from the choral symphony
orchestra and sixty voices that have been
iv training for this occasion.
The ceremony of investiture began at
the closing of the mass. Cardinal Gibbons
took his seat upon the throne, and taking
the Pontificate Romanum in his hands,
Archbishop Kain knelt before him and
took the prescribed oath. The Cardinal
respouded "Deo gratias" and proceeded to
the altar, where be opened the silken
packet containing the pallium. The Car
dinal then bestowed the sacred vestment
upon the shoulders of the Archbishop,
made obeisance and delivered an allocu
tion.
The Archbishop arose, divested himself
of his miter and said the benediction.
This concluded the ceremony.
This afternoon the distinguished pre
lates were entertained at a banquet at the
Kenrick Seminary. Among the distin
guished ecclesiastics attending the cere
mony were Archbishops Ireland, Elder,
Ryan, Chappelle, Feehan, Janssens and
Katzer. '
B'NAI B`RITH CONVENTION.
Grand Lodge of District 2 in Annual Session
at Columbus, Ohio — Relief Work
of the Order.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 10.— The annual
convention of the Grand Lodge of district
2 of the B'nai B'rith, a Jewish fraternal
organization with lodges all orer the
world, opened here to-day. This district
includes the States of Ouio, Indiana, Colo
rado and New Mexico. The convention is
composed of about seventy delegates.
Officers will be elected to-morrow. This
afternoon the president's annual message
was read. The report of the endowment
committee showed that the society dis
tributed last year among widows and or
phans $75,000, and in the last twenty-two
years, since the society was established, it
has distributed the sum of $856,000. To
night the delegates were addressed by
Victor Abrahams, the secretary, and Jacob
Furth of St. Louis.
WHY WAR IS NECESSARY
Archbishop Ireland Opposes the
Universal Arbitration
Movement
His Excellent Reasons Are Greeted
With a Perfect Storm of
Applause.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 10.— Archbishop
Ireland of St. Paul, in the course of an ad
dress delivered last night at a banquet at
the Planter's House, given by Missouri
Commandery of the Loyal Legion, dis
paraged the movement now being agitated
in this country and England toward uni
versal arbitration. He advanced the theory
that war was the great instigation of pa
triotism, and that if we came to a stage
where everything in dispute was to be
peaceably settled, we would lose interest
in the affairs of oar country in their rela
tion with other Governments.
The words he spoke were greeted with a
perfect storm of applause. The importance
of the question settled by the civil war was
dwelt upon at length. It settled the des
tinies of humanity, the speaker said, not
only in America, but in the world. It was
tbe great object lesson to the nations of
the eartn of the stability of a democratic
form of government, and the victory of
the Union forces was a stunning blow to
monarchy and despotism all over the uni
verse. None of these results could have
been achieved by arbitration.
ILLINOIS TOWN IN FLAMES.
Narrowly Escaped Annihilation Through
Loch of Water.
WYOMING, 111., May 10.— This city
had a narrow escape from being wiped
out by fire yesterday. Four of the prin
cipal buildings were consumed. Aid was
summoned from Toulon, Galva and Buda,
and when assistance arrived nothing could
be done to check the flames, as the water
supply was very poor. The fire started
about noon in the drugstore building and
spread with great -rapidity to the other
buildings. The loss is estimated at $80,000,
with insurance of $17,000. Several firemen
were injured by falling glass, but none of
them seriously. .- ;. "■*.-■ -v—
** „ »- — ' ♦ ■ ■■■■
PRIESTS BADLY BEATEN.
Factional Feud Results in a Riot at Bay
City, Michigan— Climax of a
Scandal.
BAY CITY, Mich., May 10—Bishop
Richter of Grand Rapids and Father Mat
kowsfci, pastor of St. Stanislaus Polish
Church of this city, were pounced upon by
the Father Turski faction of the congre
gation and badly used this morning. Mat
kowski was struct several times and his
cassock and surplice were torn to shreds.
The Bishop was kicked by an enraged
Pole, but not seriously injured. flis
robes were also torn.
St. Stanislaus Church was closed two
weeks ago when the adherents of Father
Turski, Father Matkowski's assistant,
drove the senior priest from the parish. It
was believed that tbe trouble had blown
over, and that the exposure of Turski's
alleged attempt to blackmail Father Mat
kowski had brought the Poles to their
senses and caused them to desire the re
turn of their old pastor.
Bishop Richter and Father Matkowski
opened the church this morning and
caused the sexton to toll the bell. The
peals of the great bell brought hundreds
of excited people to the church. They set
upon Bishop Richter and the priest and
drove them from the building. A few of
the Matkowski faction attempted to pre
serve the clergyman from indignity, but
were overpowered. The police and Sher
iff's force were called out, but were unable
to quiet the mob. The church was finally
locked and Bishop Richter and Father
Matkowski were escorted to a place of
safety.
Bishop Richter stated to-night that h«
would open the church next Sunday. He
has been assured of police protection by
Mayor Wright. '
There was a jrreat deal of inflammatory
talking in tbe Polish quarter to-night and
it is feared that an attempt will be made
to burn the church and convent before
morning.
Turski, the cause of all the trouble, is a
young man, and was only recently or
dained to the priesthood. Father Mat
kowski discharged a housekeeper of whom
Turski was enamored. This caused Turski
to attempt to blackmail the venerable
priest out of $10,000. He did not get tbe
money, but he spread stories reflecting on
Father Matkowski's character, but they
were disproved. Last week the new as
sistant housekeeper at St. Stanislaus swore
that Turski bad attempted to assault her.
LYNCHING IN GEORGIA.
A Colored Man Who Had Cruelly Mis-
treated a White Boy Is Captured
and Hanged.
WAYCROSS, Ga., May 10.— William
Hardee, colored, was lynched last night by
a mob of citizens of Coffee County, five
miles north of Nichols. Hardee cruelly
mistreated a small white boy yesterday by
beating him. When the neighbors, who
are farmers and turpentine men, heard
about the matter, they organized a band,
armed themselves with Winchesters and
pistols and went after Hardee, who was
soon found.
Hardee ran when the men appeared, but
was soon overtaken. He defied the mob
and spoke very disrespectfully of to©
parents of the boy whom he "had mis
treated. It was not the original intention
of the mob, it is thought, to lynch Hardee,
but when he acted so defiantly his doom
was sealed. A rope was secured and the
negro was taken to a tree ia front of some
negro shacks. The rope was fastened
around his neck, and in full view of the
people he was placed on a barrel and the
rope was attached to a limb of a tree. The
barrel was knocked from under him and
his body was riddled with bullets.
COAL AND IRON KING DEAD.
A Man of Great Wealth, Enterprise and
Liberality.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala, May 10.— Thomas
Seddon, president of the Sloss Iron and
Steel Company, died suddenly at his home
in this city this morning, aged 47.
He was a son of James A. Seddon, Sec
retary of War of the Confederate States,
and was one of the chief developers of the
mineral resources of Birmingham district.
He amassed a large fortune, and was
one of the coal and iron kings of the
South. His death is regarded as a public
calamity because of his vast resources,
great enterprise and liberality. He was
unmarried. *
Editor Bunner'* Improved Condition.
NCTLEY, N. V., May 10.— The condi
tion of H. C. Bunner, editor of Puck, dur
ing the past week has been a surprise to
his many friends, who bad about given
up hope of his recovering. He was so
much improved Friday that he was able
to walk across his room. Yesterday he
dictated a short poem that he sent to a
charitable gathering.
NEW TO-DAY.
"At ,
Sloane's"
NOTTINGHAM
LACE
CURTAINS
1000 Fairs. Sold Elsewhere
at $2.50 pep Pair, to Close at
$1.25 per Pair.
TAPESTRY
BRUSSELS
CARPET
Best Made, 75 Cents pep Yard,
Sewed, Laid and Lined.
W. & J. Sloane & Co.,
64 1 -647 Market Street,
• SAN FRANCISCO.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
riHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTOBSTBY-AT-
V taw and Notary Public. 638 Market sU, oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence lt>2o
ieU at. Telephone 'Tine" 2591.STOCKTON BEATEN
BY SACRAMENTO
Capital City Cycling Club
Wins the Relay
Race.
PEDAL THROUGH WATER
Poor Roads Prevent the Making
of Fast Time in the
Contest.
A SILVER VASE THE TROPHY
Becomes the Possession of the Team
Winning Three Consecutive
Matches.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 10.— The
relay race between the Terminal City
Bicycle Club of Stockton and the Capital
City Ciub of Sacramento, for the hand
some silver vase presented by Weinstock
«fe Lubin of this city, resulted in a victory
ior the Sacramento riders, who have still
to gain two more annual races before the
' trophy becomes their individual property.
The day was not warm enough for fast
riding and the wheeling was wretched. In
one place the road was under two feet of
water, and for nearly 500 yards the riders
had to dismount and carry their wheels
through the mud and water; yet despite
all delays, the distance of 103 miles was
covered in 5 hours and 23 minutes. The
time made by relays was as follows:
First relay, nine miles— Young of Sacra
mento, 30:30; Sal bach of Stockton. 30:10.
Second, eight miles— Hubert of Sacramento,
24:45; Healey of Stockton, 25:15.
Third, six and three-quarter miles— Payne of
Sacramento, 25:23; Fisher of Stockton, 26:07.
Fourth, eight miles— Headman of . Sacra
mento, 24 :2U; Hansee of Stockton, 27:13.
Fifth, nine miles— Smith of Sacramento,
29:20; Fisher of Stockton, 31:20.
Sixth, ten miles— Walsh of Sacramento,
28:01: McCuen of Stockton, 30:48. Welch ar
riving at the Courthouse in Stockton at 1:42
o'clock and McCuen at 1 :51.
Ou the return, McAfee of Stockton went his
ten miles iv 31:02, and had two baa falls en
route; Pope of Sacramento, 32:09.
Smith of Sacramento, 27:40; Fisher of Stock
ton, 27:43.
Readman of Sacramento, 20 :00; Hansee of
Stockton. 30:27.
Payne of Sacramento, 29:15; Fisher of Stock
ton, 30:13.
Hubert of Sacramento, 25:15; Healey of
Stockton, 28 :39.
Young of Sacramento, 27:30; balbach of
Stockton, 33:10.
Although this is but the first race for
the present trophy, there have been two
previous relay races between the clubs of
Stockton and Sacramento, each capturing
one. Sacramento has the honor of being
the first city on the coast to institute relay
races, the idea being originated by Stew
art Upson of this city. On its first race in
May, 1592, the club gained as a trophy a
handsome gold-fringed silk banner.
In 1892, when the Oak Leafs of Stockton
defeated the Capital City team over the
course followed to-day in 6 hours 8%
mm. 30 sec, C. A. Elliott, then of the
Capital Citys, made the trip from here to
Stockton — an even fifty miles, in 1894, in
2 hour* and 40 mm. — an hour faster than
the firs', fifty-two miles was covered to-day.
On January 1 of this year W. A. Hubert,
of tois city made the run to Stockton
and back in 8 hours 5 mm. He
left here at midnight and on his return
ate a quick breakfast and then made the
100 miles over again, his entire riding time
for the 200 miies being 17 hours 28 mm.
MARKSMEN AT FRESNO.
J-'irst Tournament of the Sportsmen*
Chib Well Attended.
FRESNO, Cal., May 10.— The first an
nual bird and bluerock shoot of the Fresno
Sportsmen's Club was held at the fair
grounds to-day. The clubs of the San
Joaquin Valley had been invited to par
ticipate and the following towns were rep
resented: Visalia, Madera, San Jose,
Reedley, Fowler, Traver and Hanford.
The match began at 9 o'clock and contin
ued until 6 o'clock in the evening. The
day was perfect and some very good Bhoot
ing was done. There were six events
three bluerock and three live birds. The
score of the day was in ihe fifth event,
when Fox of Reedley made a straight
twenty point 3. There was also good
shooting in the second event, when eight
men made straight scores. Following was
the day's record:
Eight birds — Golddust 6, Rice 8, McVeagh
7, Fox 7, Armitage 7, Ragsdale 7, Downing 6,
Harris 4, Dismukes 0, St. John 4, Gray 4, Whep
ley 4, Nutier 5, Frazier (>, Thompson 6. Cramer
3, Machen 4, Smith 6.
Six birds— Harris 6, Cramer 6, Cox 4, Whep
ley 6, Meloche 4, Fox 5. Ellis 5, Gray 5, Naher
5, Frazier 6, Rogers 4, Rice 4, Golddust (j,
Downing 5, Armitage 6. McVeagh 6, Smith 3,
Cowan 4, Dismukeb 4, St. John 3, M&chcn 3,
Ragsdßle 4, Thompson 4, Hoag 4, Storer 6.
Six birds— Gray 5, Downing 4, Golddust 6,
Armitage 4, Rice 5, Ellis 5, McVeigh 3, Naher
3, Cox 4. Cramer 3, Harris 6, St. John 2,
Frazier 5, Roberts 3, Machen 5, Whepley 4,
Collins 4, Ragsdaie4.
Fifteen bluerocks— Golddust 14, McVeagh
14, Downing 13, Gray 10, Harris 11, Ingels 10,
Cowan 10, Dismukes 8, Armitage 13, Fox 11
Collier 10, St. John 9, Whepley 9, Naher 8,
Bice 15, Ragsdale 10, Ellis 9, Thompson 8,
Cox 9, Angel 7.
Twenty blue rocks— Hoae 13. Golddust 19,
Armitage 17, Downing 13, Dismukes 14. Fox
20, Cowan 15, Ragsdale 9, Cox 14, Harris 12,
Gray 12, Rice 18, Collier 17, Whepley 14, Mc-
Veagh 15, St. John 15, Ellis 8, Ingels 16.
Ten blue rocks— Downing 9, St. John 5,
Whepley 7, Hoag 6. Dismukes 7, Naher 6,
Cowan 9, Smith 5, Ingeii 7, Collier 8, Thomp
son 6, Rogers 7.
Besides regular events, there were a
number of extras. Considerable enthusi
asm was manifested during the shoot, and
the Fresno club was greatly encouraged by
the results. Representatives of the Madera
clubs present announced that a tourna
ment would be given at that place in the
near future.
ON THE DIAMOND
Results of the Sunday Baseball Games
tn the host.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 10.— Four hits
in the eighth inning,. followed by.Dexter's.
wild throw, gave Brooklyn the game. At
tendance 1500.' Score: '" - ' ' ' :
Louisville*. ...-.;.'. •.."'..00 1000000— 14 3
Brooklyn* 0 0 0000 030— 3 8 r 1
Joineries— Cunningham ana Warner; Kennedy,
Burr-1! and (.trim, Umpire— Keefe. .
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 10.'— Over 8000
persons saw the Reds defeat the Washing
tons this afternoon in one of the most unin
tere-ting «ai: es, so far as playing goes,'
that has been seen on the home groun Is
this season. Maul was wild and ineffec
tive when men were on bases. Score:
Cincinnati*.. .......2 5 1 020 2 6*-18 14 8
W.-.shln:toos. .....-......•* 2200 00 0 3-11 14 6
Bat:eries— Flslier, Dwyfr «nd,lVitz: Maul and
. McOalre. .Umpires— Slier. dan and Hurst. ,
CHICAGO, 111., May 10.— The Obicasos
' had no difficulty in beating the Granct
Rar'ds and Detroits to-day. McFurland
pitched a fine game aeainst the former,
shutting them out easily. The feature was
the slugging of the colts. The Detroits
hit Briggs freely in the second game, but
the Chicagos fairly slaughtered Mayer.
The feature was the fielding of Knoll. The
scores :
(hic&eos 050004302-14 19 3
C.rand );aplds 000000 000- 0 6 S
Batteries — McFarland, Kittredge and Anson:
Walters ana Uavls. Umpires— Hank ODay and
Pete Gallagher.
ChiCßifOS 12 32 I '2ooo-14 18 3
Deiroiti 020004011-8 Ii 1
Batteries— Briggs and Anson; Mayer and Trost.
Umpires— O'Day and i; aligner.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 10.— Baltimore
took an easy game from St. Louis to-iiay
through timely hitting and Nitand's ama
teur work at short. Hart's pitching would
have been excellent with better fielders
behind him. Esper was well supported.
The Browns are badly disorganized, and
Latham, who succeeded Diddlebock as
manaeer, has no control of the players.
A general shakeup is rumored. Attend
ance, 5000. Score:
8U Louis 200000202- 6 10 4
Baltimore* 2 300 010 12- 9 12 4
Batteries - Hart and McFarland; Esper and
Clarke. Umpire— F.mslie.
GARDEN CITYS W IN.
Olympic Marksmen Defeated in the San
Jose Match. Q
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 10.— The match
shoot of the Olympic Gun Club of San
Francisco and the Garden City Cyclers'
Gun Clnb at the range near the Bridge
House to-day resulted in a victory for the
home team by a score of 188 to 174. The
match was at twenty-five singles thrown
from known traps at unknown angles.
There was a fair attendance. The visitors
were entertained at a barbecue. The scores
are as follows .
GARDEN CITY rYrI.KBR.
Carroll 1110111110110110101110111—20
K. Schilling 0110110000011111111111111—18
G. 11. Anderson. lllollolllollolllllllolll— 2o
B. Covkendall.. lllllololllollllllolllllo— 2o
H. Lion.. 1110111101111111111111111—23
F. Holmes 1011101111011110001110110-17
I). Hall 0110110111111010111001000-16
K. Covkendall... 1111111111101011111010011-20
J. Delmas Jr.... 11l 111001101 11 11 101110110— 19
W. B. Hooson.. ollollllllllloolooloololl-16 j
Total 188
OLYMPICS.
Jack50n... ...... .10110111111 10011101100101— 17
Golcher. .1111001111011000111101101—17
liaight- 0110111001101010111111011—17
Belceart 1101101010110101111011001—17
Allen 1101101001100010111111111—17
Feudner 1110111110100111110001111—18
Fanning 0111011101111111111011101—20
Webb 11111101111101 11011-18
Nauraan 1111010111100110101011111-18
White 1001110010100101111111100-15
Total 174
KID M`COY IN JAIL.
Awaiting the Result of Jim Daly 'a,
Broken Jaw.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 10.— Charles,
commonly called "Kid" McCoy, the pugi
list, was committed by Magistrate Cornell
in the Yorkville court to-day in $500 bail
for violation of section 450 of the Penal
Code, which relates to prizefighting.
McCoy fought Jim Daly of Buffalo at
the rooms of the New Manhattan Athletic
Club on last Thursday night. McCoy hit
Daly a terrific knockout blow. On Satur
day Inspector Brooks heard that Daly was
Iving la Roosevelt Hospital seriously ill
with a broken jaw, the effect of McCoy's
blow, and McCoy was arrested.
Santa Crue Electric* Beaten.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 10.— The San
Francisco Baseball League team beat the
Santa Cruz Electrics this afternoon by a
score of 4to 0. The four runs were made
in the fifth inning. In the four other
innings played there were only goose eggs
on either side. The game lasted sixty-five
minutes and was vigorously contested on
both sides.
EUREKA GROWERS COMBINE.
An Effort to Secure Increased Prices for j
Strawberries.
EUREKA, Cal., May 10.— The straw- j
berry-growers of this Bection, realizing the '
inadequacy of the local market to con
sume the product of their crops, have J
formed a permanent organization and will
endeavor to interest some practical can
ner of Southern California to open the
Fortuna cannery. The crop will reach
about 500,000 pounds of berries, valued at
$17,000. If the berries cannot be disposed
of at the Fortuna cannery an effort will be
made to ship them to Southern markets
on a fast-time schedule. The association
recommended the exclusive planting of
Wilson seedlings.
Danville's A~eu> Journal.
WALNUT CREEK, Cal., May 10.-W.
C. Lewis, late editor of the St. Helena
Star, will issue a weekly paper at Dan
ville. It will be independent in politics.
Fisalia's Murdering Mongols.
VISALIA, Cal., May 10. — Constable
Broder this morning arrested Chun Joe,
another accomplice of Chun One, the
murderer of Hon Yue.
WORK BEFORE SENATORS.
It Is the Intention to Push Ap
propriation Measures
This Week.
Frye Will Speak in the Interest of
Santa Monica — Immigration to
Be Discussed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 10.— The
determination of the Senate Committee on
Appropriations is to keep that body con
stantly at the consideration of those
measures during the week tnat opens to
morrow, save such matters as have been
heretofore agreed upon.
Frye hopes that the river and harbor
bill will be finished to-morrow, but in this
he may be disappointed. Frye will speak
in favor of the action of the committee in
appropriating upward of $3,000,000 under
the contract system for the improvement
of the harbor at Satita Monica, Cal. This
speech may call for a reply from Senator
White.
Gorman has also indicated his intention
of offering an amendment making a hori
zontal reduction in all appropriations that
exceed $100,000.
This will in all probability precipitate
some discussion, according to the agree
ment made some days ago, the two days
immediately following the passage of the
river and harbor bill to be devotee to the
Dupont contested election case, with the
understanding that at 5 o'clock on th«
second day the vote is to be taken. The
whole time may not be consumed in de
bating this case and a few speeches on gen
eral subjects may be delivered.
Nelson of Minnesota and Gibson of
Maryland have speeches ready to deliver
on the immigration question, and they
may fjnd time to address the Senate dur
ing these two days.
The District of Columbia bill will be
called up as soon as the Dupont case is out
of the road.
This will probably consume the re
mainder of the week, much ot the debate,
doubtless, growing out of the appropria
tions for charities, over which there was a
lively discussion in tie House. The Sen
ate has restored all the ueras for thio pur
pose stricken out in the House, and while
tbe champions of the policy pursued by
the House are not bo numerous in the
Senate, the action of the committee will
cause a number of protests at least to be
raised.
T € fortifications bill will be reported
by the end of the week. Allison expects
to see alt of the appropriation bills passed
by the 20th, and will make every effort to
accomplish such a result.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 11, 1806.
THE DEMONESS
OF WEST POINT
Mitchell's Aged Slayer a
Fiend in Woman's
Form.
DETAILS OF THE CRIME
Her Victim's Head Pounded to a
Pulp as He Lay Dead Upon
the Ground.
SHE WAS COOL THROUGHOUT.
Executed the Premeditated Murder
Without a Tremor of Ex
citement.
SAN ANDREAS, Cal., May 10.—Crimi
nal annals of California do not contain a
record of crime that equals the murder of
F. J. Mitchell by his mother-in-law, Mrs.
C. E. Halladay, at West Point, on Thurs
day. The aged woman, in avenging the
alleged wrongs of her daughter, who wed
ded Mitchell when he already had a wife
living, became transformed into a demon
ess, taking the life of her victim in a
manner indescribably ferocious and re
volting. Not satisfied with blowing out
his brains and sending a charge of shot
through his heart, she clubbed his head
into a pulp, striking it with her gun until
the weapon was in splinters. During all
this time she was apparently cool — a cal
culating, determined Nemesis.
Mrs. Halladay and her son-in-law,
Mitchell, alias Trewick, had been quarrel
ing in the morning prior to his going to
work, and some hot words passed between
them. Mitchell took the lunch Mrs. Hal
laday put up for him and started for his
work. Shortly after his leaving the
woman went to a neighbor and borrowed
a muzzle-loading shotgun, stating that
she wished to shoot a few quail. She then
went to a hardware-store and bought some
powder. She filled tbe palm of her hand
with powder and poured it into one bar
rei, then put a like amount into the other.
She called for buckshot, but the clerk said
there was none, so she tooK the largest
size they had — No. 4. Both barrels re
ceived a handful.
After loading the gun Mrs. Halladay
started for the Granite mine. On the way
she met several friends and told them she
was going to "fix" the man who had
ruined htr family.
Mitchell and a companion were chop
ping wood near the mine when the woman
appeared. She culled him and he laid
down his ax and went to her. They sat
down and talked for some time, being
elbse enough to Mitchell's companion for
him to hear all they said. Suddenly the
woman drew up the gun and before
Mitchell could stop her (they were but
four feet apart) she fired. Mitchell saw
what was coming and put his hand in
front of his face as if to shield it. The
charge werrt through his hand and struck
him in the forehead. The next charge
struck him in the chest, making a fright
ful gap.
The woman then took the gun and
began beating her victim on the head.
She did not desist in this until the gun
was broken into many pieces. Mitchell's
head was crushed to a pulp. Having sat
isfied herself that he was dead the woman
started for town.
During all this time the murderess was
calm and cool. Mitchell's companion ran
away when the first shot was fired and
stayed in hiding for two hours. When he
was found he was still trembling from
fright.
A Coroner's jury held an inquest on
Friday and returned a verdict in effect that
the deceased came to his death from a gun
shot wound caused by Mrs. C. E. Halla
day. It did not state whether she was
justified or not in committing the deed.
Justice Wickam, in his ignorance of law,
swon; in a jury and held the preliminary
examination, at which Mrs. Halladay was
acquitted. It is hardly probable that she
will get off without punishment, as the
citizens now regard the murder as pre
meditated, and propose to have the case
brought before the Grand Jury at its next
meeting.
Mrs. Halladay is a big, robust woman,
about 50 years of age. She lives with her
husband, who is a miner a.t West Point.
Mitchell, or "Trewick," had an uncle
living in that neighborhood, whom he
used to keep booK3 lor; but owing to some
crooked work his uncle discharged him.
Mitchell was in trouble most of the time.
j His uncle got him out of several scrapes,
j but told him a short time ago he would
have nothing more to do with him. A
companion of Mitchell's who had worked
with him for four months says he was a
very agreeable fellow, and did not appear
to be seeking trouble, but unfortunately
always got into it.
LOS ANGELES NOVELTY.
Bloomer • Wearers Contest for
Prizes on a Bicycle
Track.
The Sport Hugely Enjoyed by the
Handful of Spccta ors in
Attendance.
LOB ANGELES, Cal., May 10.—Bloom
ers made their first appearance on a regu
lar bicycle racetvack in Southern Califor
nia yesterday afternoon at Athletic Fark.
The experiment was not successful from a
financial standpoint, although the sport
was hugely enjoyed by the handful of
spectators. Of twenty-seven entered, only
seven fair wearers of bifurcated garments
came forward to contest for the prizes.
Mrs. M. A. Berne won the first half-mile
race, with Ethel Terry a close second.
while Pearl E. Elliott got no farther than
the quarter post.
Ida Wilson won the second race, not
withstanding the fact that she wiped the
track with her bloomers before the race
was over.
There were nineteen entries for the mile
championship, but only six started. Clara
Miller easily out-distanced her competi
tors, but was scratched on account of some
irregularity in entering, bo the race was
awarded to Nellie Gray.
Ethel Terry won the mile handicap.
Pearl Elliott won the consolation yrize.
Little Lizzie French, aged six, did some
fancy trick riding, and the last two races
on the programme were scratched.
HUNTINGTON'S STRENGTH WANES.
Chairman Patterson Sen* Victory Ahead
for San Pedro.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 10.—Presi
dent W. C. Patterson of the Chamber of
Commerce, who has open lobbying for San
Pedro, returned from Washington yester
day. He has been quoted in Eastern pa
pers as using some very emphatic language
in regard to Huntington's cinch in Con
gress. When asked this evening if he was
rightly quoted, he said.
"Yes; in the main. I do not hesitate to
repeat the assertion that if we must bow
to king boodle and eive Huntington
$3,000,000 to build a breakwater at Santa
Monica, in order to get $392,000 for the
inner harbor at San Pedro, then we would
belter reject both. Huntington's power
in this Congress is amazing, but I do not
believe that he is powerful enough to have
everything his own way yet. 1 look for
great results from Senator White's super
human efforts. His speech, so far as I
have read it, is a masterpiece, and will
bring some of the wavering Senators back
into line."
Mr. Patterson ajso praised the work
done by Senator Perkins highly, and de
fended Congressman McLachlah against
the criticism of having wavered in his de
votion to the interests of San Pedro. The
forged petitions in favor of Santa Monica,
he said, had hurt Huntington's cause and
helped San Pedro. _
PURCHASING OIL LAND.
Rumored Investments of the Southern
Pacific Company.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 10 — The
search for new oil fields in Southern Cali
fornia is occupying the attention of a large
number of business men and capitalists at
the present time. Even the railway com
panies are looking out for promising pe
troleum lands. A gentleman just arrived
from Colton, San Bernardino County, in
formed a Call correspondent that for sev
eral days past a man, supposed to be a
representative of the Southern Pacific
Company, had been buying up all the land
he could secure in the petroleum district
south of Redlands. For the first time in
the history of the San Timoteo hills, a
good real estate market exists. Like the
lower Pennsylvania petroleum district,
where prospectors first struck oil, the
country is practically worthless for any
thing else, and some portions are almost
inaccessible.
WHITEHEAD`S NEW PLACE.
Appointed General Auditor of the Santa
I > System.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 10.— Herbert
C. Whitehead, for many years auditor for
the Southern California Railroad Com
pany, has been appointed general auditor
of the Santa Fe system.
Whitehead is the oldest officer connected
with the road, in point of service. He
was traveling auditor in 1881, and in the
following year was made auditor of the
Southern Kansas line, with headquarters
in Lawrence. In 1888 he was appointed
auditor of the Southern California Rail
road, which position he now holds. C. 8.
Button of Topeka, who has been auditor
of freight receipts for several years, is
looked upon as the probable successor of
Whitehead with the Southern California
Company.
EQUAL SUFFRAGE BOOMERS.
Permanent Headquarters Opened at Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., May 10.— The Los
Angeles County Woman Suffrage Cam
paign Committee has gone to work in earn
est to secure enfranchisement for women.
The committee has opened headquarters
in cosy rooms in the Byrne block, which
all friends of the movement are invited
to visit. An officer of the committee is
announced to be in the room throughout
each day to give information regarding
the plans of the committee and receive
suggestions and contributions for the work.
The executive committee will meet at the
headquarters every Monday afternoon for
consultation and mutual acquaintance
with those who are interested in the
woman suffrage campaign.
PETROLEUM REFINERIES.
Itny.ortant Adjuncts to the Log AngeUg
Otl Industry.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 10.— An im
portant adjunct to the oil industry of this
city is the establishment of petroleum re
fineries. This industry has been in prep
aration for some time, and this week it
was put in successful operation. Two
stills are being run now. One is of twenty
five-barrel and the other forty-barrel capac
ity. Two more are oeing erected of 120
-barrel capacity. The plant is located at
the foot of Ninth street, near tbe Santa Fe
tracks. When the company gets into full
ninning order it will turn out from 150 to
200 barrels per day. Its products are as
phaltum, distillates and lubricating oil.
An Immense Mountain I. inn.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 10.— The
skin of an immense mountain lion now
adorns a store at Ontario. The animal
was shot some time ago by William Free
man in San Antonio Canyon and was
made into an elegant rug in this city. It
has just been returned to Ontario and is a
most attractive bit of furniture, despite the
ferocious aspect of the animal's head.
When killed the lion measured eleven feet
from tip to tip. The fur is fawn colored,
shading to si.ver gray.
CALAVERAS MINING SUIT.
Keystone Consolidated Demands Damages
From the South Spring Hill Com
pany for Trespass.
SAN ANDREAS, Cal.. May 10.-The
case of the Keystone Consolidated vs. the
South Spring Hilt Mining Company,
which promises to oe one of the most in
teresting as well as one of the most
important mining cases ever tried in thi:i
State, is on trial here. Preliminary mo
tions for the settlement of tbe pleadings
and for an order for survey occupied the
attention of the Superior Court yesterday.
The pleadings disclose that the trial will
embrace all the features incident to issues
of both end line and side line trespass. The
complaint alleges a willful trespass by de
fendant on the dip of plaintiff's ledge, and
also across plaintiff's south end line, and
demands damages in the sum of $2,000,
-000. The answer denies the trespass on
the dip; admits an unintentional trespass
across plaintiff's south end line, and also
an unintentional trespass across the same
jine upon a ledge which, upon want di
information, it denies that the plaintiff
owns.
Au imuosing array of attorneys is en
gaged in the case, Edward Lynch of San
Francisco and Ex-Judge John F. Davis of
Amador representing the plaintiff, and
Adams & Adams and John M. Wright of
San Francisco and F. J. Solinsky of this
place representing the defendants.
SACRAMENTO TRAGEDY.
JiilUatn H. Sweeney Accidentally Sho
and Killed.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 10.— William
H. Sweeney was found dead in an out
house at the home of his stepfather, Wil
liam W. Connor, at 1815 Fifteenth street,
this afternoon. His body was in a sitting
posture, with a bullet wound in the temple
and a pistol between his feet. As there
was no known cause why he should have
committed suicide, and as there were no
powder marks upon the face or bend, it is
believed tbe shooting was the result of an.
accident. Sweeney was 22 years old and a
native of Brooklyn, N. Y. He was a
teetotaler and was highly respected by all
who knew him. An inquest will be held
to-morrow.
LIONEL STAGGE A
PORTLAND SNOB
Meteoric Career of the
Swindler on This
Coast.
FROM PRISON TO BANK
Walked From a Cell to the
Receivership of the Oregon
National.
COMPTROLLEU ECKELS' FRIEND
Remained in Power After Having
Been Exposed — His Crimes
in Denver.
PORTLAND, Or.. May 10. -r Lionel
Stagge, formerly receiver of the Oregon
National Bank here, an ex-convict, but for
the past year a resident of San Francisco,
is wanted at Denver, Colo., according to
the following advices received here last
night:
The police are looking for Lionel Stagge and
a dozen or more mining brokers ere mourning
his sudden departure from the city. Under a
pretext of publishing a manual of mmm? he
gulled the brokers for a total of $ 150, bat he
used an afternoon political organ as a cloak to
cover his transactions and the brokers are even
more wrathy because of this. The organ was
captured by the suave manner and handsome
appearance of Lionel, and the cash drawer is
nearly empty. It was touched up to the tune
of $175 and the building is in mourning.
Lionel drifted into this city about two months
ago. He proposed~lhe publication of a book
devoted entirely to mining and secured the
co-operation of a Denver dally paper and the
principal mining brokers of tbe city. IJe
worked lor several weeks and used the hotel
corridors as a scene of operations with out-of
tovrn mining men. How many of them he
caugh t no one will ever know.
The Portland career of this man is ex
traordinary. He came here seven years
ago from New York, under the name of
Waterhouse. Several days after his ar
rival he defrauded the proprietors of the
Oilman Hotel out of a small sura by
means of a bogus New York draft, for
which he was sent to tho Oregon peniten
ti *y for one year. About the time his
sentence should have expired there ap
peared here an exclusive, dignified young
fellow named Lionel Stagge. For a time
he became connected with one of the daily
papers and later he published a banker's
magazine, supported by some of the most
substantial men here. The publication of
that paper secured for him the receiver
ship of the Oregon National Bank when
that concern suspended.
With the masses Stagge was very un
popular because of his uppish manner,
which also prompted an evening paper
here to hunt' up his record. In March,
1893, that journal published his Oregon
career, creating great consternation among
the better classes, with whom this convict,
Stagge, alias Waterhouse, hobnobbed.
The heaviest blow though, fell upon his
wife, whom he married in Eugene, Oregon,
a year preceding his exposure. She, how
ever, loyally clung to him through that
trying ordeal.
During his incumbency of the receiver
ship Stagge visited Washington City
several times and ingratiated himself into
Comptroller Eckels' favor. Stagge's friends
here stood by him, notwithstanding the
expose, and influential telegrams were
sent to Washington urging his retention
in office. His friends believed him to have
been a victim of unfortunate cirenm
stances rather thun a natural criminal.
bo did Eckels, for Stagge's successor to
the receivership was not appointed for six
months succeeding the expose,
About a year aero Stagge left for San
Francisco, ostensibly to assume business
management of the Evening Post, so at
least he said when he went away.
At police headquarters this evening a
Call correspondent was told that Stagge
had been in trouble long before he came
here. His picture was to-night sent to
New York for identification and to secure
bis history in the East if it can be had.
SAN JOSE'S REVEL ENDS
King Cole's Minions Retire
With the Coming of
the Dawn.
Hermann's Sons of San Francisco
Quietiy Picnic at Agricul
tural Park.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 10.— The Carnival
of Roses came to an end at midnight, and
those who were skeptical of the success of
the enterprise at first arc now loud in vot
ing it the "greatest show on earth." The
week, which opened with the rough and
noisy picnic of the Incoes of San Fran
cisco, fittingly closed to-day with tbe quiet
and homelike outing of Hermann's
Sons, who came from San Francisco this
morning with over 2000 excursionists and
picnicKed at Agricultural Park.
The city, which was turned over to Queen
Liillan and her maids last Wednesday and
recaptured last night by King Col 3 and his
jolly following, is again in the hands of
the populace, and to-morrow merriment
will be laid aside and business resumed,
and the people will follow their usual pur
suits. Those who witnessed the opening
of the carnival were so impressed with its
grandeur and magnificence that t :ey
stayed the whole week through, and at no
time during the carnival were the streets
of thf city free of visitors.
The carnival was a success financially
and otherwise, and the advertising Santa
Clara County has received from the thou
sands who visited the city will be of ever
lasting benefit. The pavilion was kept
open to-day to give those who had not had
an opportunity to see the display of flow
eis in the booths, and the place was visited
by thousands.
The decorations of the business houses
and streets will remain where tiiey are un
til after the State Convention of the
Christian Endeavor Societies on May 20.
CHIEF KIDHARD INJORED
Thrown From Hi* Carriage by a Col-
lision mth a Cyclist.
BAN JOSE, Cal., May 10.— Chief of Po
lice Kidward was thrown out of his buggy
on West San Carlos street, near Orchard,
yesterday afternoon, and seriously injured.
William ttoliceti, who was riding a bi
cycle, collided with Kidward's buggy and
the latter's horse oecarue frightened.
Wheeling around it tipped the buggy over.
Kidward was picked np unconscious and
removed to the residence of P. C. Gandau
dert. He did not recover consciousness
until nearly midnight. Two of his left
ribs are broken, and his left leg is bruised
and his whole system received a geneial
shaking up. He will be confined to his
bed for some time.
FRESNO`S RAISIN COMBINE
Scale of Prices Fixed by the Executive
Committee.
FRESNO, Cal., May 10.— Raisin-growers
of this and adjoining counties have been
waiting patiently for three weeks for the
report of the committee which was ap
pointed to fix prices and regulate the sale
of rains this season. An informal report
was made last evening, and a printed re
port will follow in a few days and be sent
to all raisin growers in this valley. The
prices at which raisins will be sold have
not been announced, but it has been settled
that positively no raisins shall be shipped
irom the State by any member of the asso
ciation until sold. Since nearly every
packer belongs to the association, this
means that raisins this year will be stored
in California until they are sold at prices
fixed by the committee. All members of
the committee sign the contract to this
effect. It is a plan which has long been
advocated by some of the most intelligent
growers and packers, but never before
could it be put into practice.
SANTA ROSA TO CELEBRATE
Planning for an uld-Time Fourth of
July Jubilee.
SANTA ROSA. Cal., May 12.— A public
meeting will be held here on Tuesday
evening to arrange for the greatest Fourth
of July celebration ever held in Sonoma
County. A canvass among business men
and others yesterday proved that public
sentiment was all in favor of observing the
National day.
It is proposed to have 100 of Santa
Rosa's best looking citizens, costumed as
Continental soldiers, led by a fife and
drum corps. There will be sentlemen's
driving races, a grand barbecue, balloon
ascensions, hurdle races by gentlemen
riders an d the largest and best display of
fireworks ever attempted in this section.
A historical fancy dress ball will conclude
the day's programme. It will be made a
county affair, and the projectors are racK
ing their brains for novel features with
which to entertain the crowds of visitors.
WOOLEN-MILL FOR EUREKA.
Gratifying Result of the Self.Help Asso
ciation's Efforts.
EUREKA, Cal., May 10.— Through the
efforts of the -Help Association
Eureka is in a fair way to have a woolen
mill before the summer is over. The asso
ciation recently sent A. Crocker of A.
Crocker & Bros, to visit the leading woolen
mills throughout the State, with the view
of establishing a plant here. Now, how
ever, comes, a proposition from Fort
Worth, Tex. The owner, S. Ensley, de
sires to remove his plant to some locality
where fuel is cheap and the quality of
wool good. "He has selected Eureka and
the association is now in correspondence
with him. The plant is valued at $15,000
and gives employment to fifty operatives.
♦
STOKES VALLEY TRAGEDY.
James F. Cortner Killed by Strychnine
Mistaken for Quinine.
VISALIA, Cal., May James F. Cort
ner, president of Cortner Brothers' Ranch
j Company, died yesterday at his home in
! Stokes Valley from the effects of a dose of
strychnine. The poison was given to him
by his brother, Tolbert Cortner, who be
; lieved it to have been quinine. The de
ceased was 24 years of age and a native of
Tulare County.
• — ■■
Jiooth- Tucker at I'ortland.
PORTLAND, Or., May 10.— Commander
and Mrs. Booth-Tucker and party were
entertained by Dr. E. P. Hill of the First
Presbyterian Church upon their arrival in
this city to-day. They were received by a
local detachment of Salvationists, who
paraded the streets with a band. This
evening a great hallelujah meeting was
held at Marquam Grand Theater, which
was filled to overflowing.
Suicide at Merced.
MERCED, Cal., May 10.— A resident of
Spanishtown, known as Emma Hayes,
| committed suicide this morning by taking
1 morphine. Her true name was Fanny
j Anderson and she had been a resident of
j this place about a year. This was her
I fourth attempt on her life. She was about
i 23 years of age and is said to have relatives
j living in Tulare County.
In Matabelelaiid the social custom does not de-
mand the style, and the climate forbids the
quality, of the clothing we make. Here, fashion
dictates that our apparel be all that art can make
it ; the climate renders all-wool garments neces-
sary. The cheap shoddy of imitators would do
in the Tropics, where the complexion is the
principal covering, but not here.
Guaranteed ALL-WOOL Suits, made to your
order, in fancy checks, invisible plaids, and fine
stripes, at $10, $12, $15, $18 and $20, according
to style of coat and weight of fabric. Equal in
fit, workmanship and trimmings, to the $40 suits
of high priced tailors.
Beware of imitators ; our only S. F. branch :
211 Montgomery street.
OREGON'S RUN TO
SANTA BARBARA
Quick Time Made on the
Voyage Down the
Coast.
FASTEST OF HER CLASS.
She Covers 1634 Knots an Hour
Over an Eighteen-Mile
Course.
TUESDAY'S RACE AGAINST TIME
Admiral Beardslee Confident That
the Vessel Will Break All
Records.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 10.— The
graceful little Albatross steamed into the
harbor early this morning to join tae
coterie of naval craft which will act in the
capacity of stakeboats in the great race
against time which tbe greatest battle
ship in the world will run here on Tues
day. At 9 o'clock this morning the mag
nificent Oregon came bearing down upon
the harbor at what seemed to those who
observed it tremendous speed, and if they
could have heard the chorus of cheers
which arose from the throats of landsmen
and sailors at the magnificent sight the
ears of those on board would have rung
for many a day. After a stately and grace
ful turn the Oregon dropped anchor be
yond the kelp, and there it has floated all
day, admired and marveled by all.
And the Oregon's speed has not been
misjudged by those on shore. The run
down the coast was a surprise to the r.avy
officers aboard, and Admiral Beardslee
was delighted. He says with confidence
that the Oregon will beat all records made
by battle-ships so far. Irving M. Scott
was more than pleased. He says that
when pushed the battle-ship made
16.34 knots an hour over an eighteen
mile course and then worked up to full
capacity. He was one of the happiest
men in town to-night. Admiral Beards
lee, Mr. Scott, Captain C. Miner Goodall
and other officers of the Oregon were
guests of the Country Club to-day.
The Oregon passed the whistling buoy
at San Francisco at 10:15 o'clock Saturday
and reached Port Harford at 12 midnight.
Its average speed was 13% knots and aver
age revolution 92^ a minute. From Port
Harford to Point Conception it just loafed
ali.ng, as everybody wanted to get thor
oughly familiar with the beacons and
course.
After passing Goleta Point the big war
ship was let out and sped along more like
a cruiser than a line-of-battle ship. It
ran full speed as far as the lower range at
Montecito, and this is where it made its
present record.
Tuesday the great test will be made, and
Admiral Beardslee believes the battle-ship
may beat seventeen knots. Its machinery
works like clockwork and the big ship is
as steady as a rock in a heavy sea.
Viewed broadside over the calm
expanse of the waters of the harbor to-day,
the Oregon looks like a magical island
j sprung from the depths of the channel —
a miniature Alcatraz, with turrets rising
like lines of fortifications set on a conical
base. All day long beach and boulevard
have been thronged with people, who
gazed upon the beautiful fleet lying in
tt.e channel. When the afternoon con
cert began Herr Schy's band had to divide
honors with the mammoth battle-shin
and its corps of winged satellites, for the
■ gay procession of carriages and equestri
ans turned from the plaza to the beach,
and the "Chimes of Normandy" and the
gavotte, "First Heart Throbs," will to
some always be associated with a majestic
war vessel.
34
PROSPERITY OF
PORT TOWNSEND
Flags of All Nations Float
Over Buildings and
Shipping.
SMALL BUT BUSY TOWN.
Without Railroads or Land
Boomers Its Thrift Is
Remarkable.
OPPORTUNITIES FOR CAPITAL.
Splendid Openings for Enterprising
Men and Good Homes for In
dustrious Settlers.
PORT TOWNSEND, Waph., May 10.—
Up on Puget Sound, in the State of Wash
ington, is located what is probably the
most cosmopolitan town of its size in the
world. Its population is- less than 5000,
and yet any day upon its streets you may
pass the subjects of a score of nations, wit
ness the banners of twice five countries
floating from the housetops, or in passing
doff your hat as many times as there are
signs in the zodiac if you are inclined to
be reverential to regimentals. But high
above all other ensigns and high over the
town, from the top of a bluff and from the
top of a high stone tower on the top of ihat,
waves the stars and stripes. From that
high command the flag of all flags floats to
the breeze unceasingly.
Bound for Puget Sound your vessel en-
PORT TOWNSEXD HIGH SCHOOL BUILDING.
ters from the Pacific the Straits of Juan de
Fuca.
After a run of nearly ninety miles on
a straight course southeast Port Wilson
light is reached. Here your ocean
tossed vessel turns her prow sou' -sou' west
and you behold the broad and beautiful
waters of an ever peaceful harbor stretch
before you. From this closer view you are
now able to discern that beneath the high
flag and beneath tbe tall stone tower that
supports it there rests on the brow of the
bluff a magnificent stone pile, hewn, archi
tectural and ornate. This building is tbe
main United States Custom-house for the
entire Page^t Sound customs district, and
the town at whose front door you have
dropped your anchor, with fourteen fath
oms of chain, in a peerless harbor is cos
mopolitan Port Townsend.
You have no more than let go your an
chor than two little launches, each flying
the American flag, come pushing off shore
to you. If you don't happen to be enter
taining smallpox, yellow fever or cholera
aboard tbe uniformed quarantine officer of
the first launch will smilingly give you a
clean bill of health. This, you will find
later, is as valuable to you as a certificate
of character, for having once been permit
ted to enter the town you will be greeted
on every hand by a cordial, hospitable
people, ready with the broadest cosmo
politanism to welcome you to the feasts,
favors and festivities of their young, grow
ing city.
But the occupant of the second launch,
that a moment before pushed off to you, is
uniformed also. He is tbe Custom-house
officer. But now the shades of night have
begun to fall. The hour is inconvenient,
your vessel's papers are somewhat mixed,
and you require a little extra attention
and patience. The pleasant demeanor of
tbe uniformed officer before you is already
a guarantee of that. With this assurance
made doubly sure by the polite attentions
that follow, you are soon ready to add
your testimony to the world-wide reputa
tion for politeness and accommodation
which the Port Townsend Custom-house
office enjoys among shipping men.
But the black mantle of night that has
now settled down upon you, enveloping
your ship and shutting off the sight of all
else save tbe sea of glittering lights of the
city, breaks into a furious storm. Just
outside Point Wilson, in the straits, the
demons of sea and air contend in wild
fury.
You rise in the night and give the com
mand to look to your vessel's moorings.
But the answer comes back that your
anchor is held as in a vise, and your ship
stands as riveted and immovable as the
huge stone custom-bouse on the bluff.
Any skipper on Puget Sound will tell you
MAP SHOWING PORT TOWNSEND AND OTHER PUGET SOUND CITIES.
what by this time you have learned for
j yourself, that no matter what wind may
blow Port Townsend Bay is a sure haven—
the peerless harbor of the Pacific Coast,
well meriting the high rating given it in
United States official charts and in the
marine charts of the world.
But if last night when the storm was
raging you felt the comforting sense of
security in this sure haven what must be
your emotions this morning when coming
up on deck to stretch your limbs? A scene
of matchless beauty and loveliness greets
you under the clear sky of a peaceful,
perfect day.
Never in orange blossoms and bridal
gown bedecked was lovely bride more
lovely than the vision that now spreads
round you on every hand. Much-traveled
Mrs. Henry Ward Beecher, on a recent
visit to Port Townsend, pronounced with
out qualification this scene to be the rarest
for beauty in all the wide and beautiful
world upon which her eyes had ever rested.
.Standing upon the iieck of your vessel
on this beautiful morning, whence, waked
b}' the sound of Aurora's advancing cha
riot wheels, the ear first leads the eye,
there, in the first blush from benind the
lifting curtain of night, bursts upon your
startled vision a wide unfolding horizon,
broken, jagged, lacerated by the sharp,
penetrating peaks of the Cascade Kange of
mountains, mantled in everlasting snows
and now backed by a burning sea of fire
and gold.
Bending the eye northward along the
line of this mountain range the vision is
suddenly transfixed and the imagination
led captive by the grand spectacle of
Mount Baker, towering and mighty, sub
lime and poetical in all else save name.
There she stands, as much in the heavens
as upon earth, snow-clad from summit to
base; fitting monument of the loveliness,
purity and power of woman; a bride in
flowing veil and white garments trailing
far upon the ground, and through an aisle
of lilies marching to the grand harmonies
of nature up to the hymeneal altar:
womanhood coming in her power and
bearing in her hand a scepter plucked
from nature's trophies of homage at her
feet.
Bear a lily in thy hand.
Gates of brass canuot withstand
One touch of that magic wand.
But now turn 3-our eyes from this pic
ture to the west, and lo ! in what varied
form beholden is beauty unto nature,
within human ken from this lovely har
bor, this choice 6pot of earth. Great
mountains, huge, massive, mighty, roll
ud before you. high and higher still, like
huge battlements of God's eternal hosts.
The advancing sun has now touched them
with the painter's brush and laid in colors
divine a scene of matchless beauty—mar
velous, speaking, sublime. Velvet fir-clad
in eternal green are her foothills and her
slopes, playful in blending shades and
shadows, broken by bold crags and dark
ravines, and now rising, running, climb
ing, lifting up into the heavens, and there
disputing possession with the clouds,
breaking and rolling off into a sea of toss
ing, tumbling, turbulent tops, hoary with
the snows of many winters. Such is the
Olympic range of mountains, Port Town
send's special pride, which, seen from this
beautiful harbor, appear to be so near that
you fancy you might go ashore and run
over to her foothills and back for a break
fast appetizer.
But not yet is the cyclorama completed.
PORT TOWNSEND U. S. CUSTOM-HOUSE AND POSTOFFICE.
For now turn to the south, and there
looking through a cleft in the high banks
at the extreme head of the bay you will
behold, as inj. frame, the picture of fam
ous Mount Ranier, a hundred miles away,
and yet plainly visible, as from its base on
the earth it rises to the magnificent alti
tude of 14,444 feet, a great pillar of the
blue dome, upholding the beavens.
But now what of the little city nestling
on the north bank of the bay in the
midst of this grand amphitheater, and in
which every window at every rhumb of
the compass frames a picture?
We had said that the cosmopolitanism
of Port Townsena waE striking, and indeed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 11, 1896.
PORT TOWNSEND COUNTY COURTUOUSE.
it is, for unimportant as is its population,
yet are there few cities, if any, on the Pa
citic Coast so world-wide known and so
important in position. It is the natural
geographical center for the Pacific lines of
commerce from China, Japan, Alaska,
California, Hawaii, Australia. Bering Sea,
British Columbia, the Georgian Straits,
the Columbia River and Puget Sound.
Being the first and last American port of
call for all this vast area of marine traffic,
it is unquestionably the greatest news
center of tne Pacific Coast, without dis
tinction of population.
Here resides the consuls of foreign na
tions. England, Chile, Norway, Sweden,
Hawaii. Japan— all are represented.
The British Vice-Consul's residence at
Port Townsend is a unique brick and stone
structure, resembling the London Tower
in miniature. Here reside fifty of Uncle
Sam's customs officials, including the Col
lector of the Puget Sound district, Port
Townsend being the main port of entry
for the entire district — Seattle, Tacoma
and all other shipping points being sub
ordinate to this. Here the main United
States Marine Hospital, with the head
quarters for the district, with its full corps
of surgeons and officers, is located. An
elegant new hospital building has just
been completed by the Government and
beautiful grounds laid out. Here is estab
lished the headquarters of the Govern
ment quarantine service for Pueet Sound,
with the main offices and residences of
the surgeons in charge.
In Port Townsend are the head offices of
the Puget Sound Board of Health. The
main United States bonded warehouse is
located here. The United States revenue
cutters, with their retinue of steam
launches comprising the Puget Sound
service, nave their headquarters and main
oflices at Port Townsend, and all of the
officers and their families reside here.
The United States Hydrographic Office
lor Puget Sound is located at Port Town
send. The Puget Sound Tugboat Associa
tion, comprising all the great sawmills of
Puget Sound, have their head offices at
Port Townsend, and this is tlie home port
of all the tugs of these waters and the resi
dence of officers, crews and tneir families.
The Bering Sea fleet of United States
war vessels rendezvous in Port Townsend
Bay twice every year, this city being the
official headquarters. The comings and
goings of officers and soldiers from Fort
Townsend, close to the city, lend further
color to the street and to society. Flag?
of all nations fly from mastheads in the
bay and officers and crews of the merchant
marine of all tongaes and climes mix and
mingle in the daily joatlings of the street.
Such are the elements that go to make
up the social and commercial fabric of the
little city at the entrance to Puget Sound
and mark it among all the cities of the
world distinguished for its cosmopolitan
ism.
But the delightful location, beautiful
scenery, handsome public buildings shown
in accompanying cuts and high tone of
the cosmopolitan society that reigns here
are not the only features that distinguish
Port Townsend.
A great commercial future lies before it.
The centering here of so many ships and
Consuls and important institutions are but
the marks of that hope. Port Townsend
is the natural center and distributing
point for this whole northern country and
( Puget Sound district. Perhaps most Cali-
I fornians do not know tnat every pound of
! freight tnat goes by steamer from Califor
nia to Alaska is first landed on the docks
at Port Townsend and reshipped from
here. This city is the center of the Alaska
business, and every steamer for that coun
try starts from Port Townsend.
The shipping interests of Port Townsend
are enormous. Over 75 per cent of the
vessels clearing from Puget Sound clear
from Port Townsend. The crews are
shipped from this city. The only United
States Hydrographic Office north of San
Francisco is located here. All San Fran
cisco steamers touch here, and nearly every
steamer plying between local points on
Puget Sound makes this city a regular
port of call. The headquarters and home
port of every tug on Pujjet Sound are at
Port Townsend.
All steamship lines running to points
on the straits and those running to British
Columbia ports and to the islands call at
Port Townsend, and many of them make
tin* city their home port. The water
front at Port Townsend is daily a busy
scene and would do credit to many a
larger city. This city is the headquarters
of a large sealing and tisliing fleet, which
is constantly growing and bids fair to de
velop into an enormous inJu.-try.
More American vessels enter and clear
at Port Townsend than at any other port
in the United states, not excepting New
York, Boston, Philadelphia or San Fran
cisco. The writer recently made a similar
statement to the above in an interview in
the Boston Daily Traveler, and was imme
diately "called down" by a chorus of
voices from the solona of the Hub. His
only answer in next day's paper was to
refer them to the records in the archives
of the "Only Boston Public Library" and
to publish extracts therefrom, which more
than confirmed the original statements.
If any one has doubts let him look it up
for himself.
Port Townsend is unique in still an
other particular. It is probably the only
town in the Northwest that ever attained
I an equal population and commercial im
portance without tde aid of a railroad or
land-booming company. Port Towusend
sprang into being of necessity, has grown
by the gravitation of business to this cen
ter by the natural laws of commerce, and
flourishes to-day because there is a com
mercial demand for a city at the entrance
to Puget Sound.
While Port Townsend has grown in spite
of a railroad, yet the lack of a railroad
has been a great drawback to its progress.
When the Union Pacific Railroad and the
Oregon Improvement companies failed
and work was stopped on their extension
to Port Townsend— which city was de
signed for their Puget Sound teVrainus— it
was a heavy blow to the young city. The
rival cities of Seattle and Tacoma, having
railroads at their command, have taken
advantage of the long delay and forged
ahead.
But while the population of Port Town
send is to-day considerably behind these
two cities up the Sound, there are long
headed, shrewd business men, who, having
made a close study of the situation from
the broad standpoint of great natural laws
of commerce, believe that the history of
Sacramento and San Francisco will repeat
itself here on the Sound, and that the day
is not far distant when Port Townsend
will forge ahead to her rightful position as
the chief city of this* great northern coun
try. This list includes many of the most
proniinet railroad men, United States
Senators and financiers ot the FJast and
California, who have shown their faith by
investing in Port Townsend real estate at
the present low prices, with a view to great
future gains.
One advantage which Port Townsend
lias over the up-Sound cities is the fact
that every vessel finding her cargo here
saves from $200 to $500 for towage, besides
three days of time and journey.
Port Townsend has stood the panic well.
It is In good condition to-day, with money
easier, and business proportionately better
than any other town on the Sound. There
are three solid banks here, and a good in
dustrial payroll independent of shipping.
The immense wire-nail works are running
at their full capacity night and day. The
engineering works, besides building two
Government launches, have all they can
do in marine work. The keg factory is
running double shift, with more orders
than they can fill. The boiler works are
running at full capacity. The Starrett
Sawmili, the Eisenbries Crockery Factory,
the bottling works, sardine cannery, sa&h
and door factory, and many other indus
trial institutions are all operating with
good payrolls.
The lish industry is growing rapidly and
has the promise of a great future. Port
Townsend is the headquarters for the cod
and halibut catches and other fish products
of the northern waters. The spring and fall
runs of salmon here are tremendous.
Port Townsend is backed by a splendid
fruit, dairying and farm country. The
islands, Puget Sound's garden spot, are all
tributary to this city.
The timber resources tributary to Port
Townsend are almost fabulous. Jef
ferson County alone, of which Port Towns
end is the county seat, has, according to
the last official report of the Secretary of
State, over 31,000,000,000 feet of standing
timber. It is estimated that over 100,000,
-000,000 feet of timber lire tributary to this
city.
Here is a list of some new industries
which Port Townsend wants and which
offer fine business openings for men of en
terprise and capital and for the establish
ment of which the enterprising citizens of
Port Townsend are ready to offer strong
inducements:
A good hotel man will h'nd here one of
the best openings in the country. A
moderate sized, well-conducted hotel would
receive a large patronage and strong in
ducements would be ottered.
A salmon cannery. We have enormous
runs of spring and fall salmon, also
crabs, shrimps, lobsters, clams, herring,
etc
A sardine cannery. Large schools of the
genuine Mediterranean anchovy in all the
bays.
A fruit and vegetable cannery, to utilize
the enormous quantities of fruit and
vegetables which now go to waste.
A starch factory to make starch from
potatoes and supply the growing China
and Japan trade.
A drydock. Port Townsend being the
first and last American port of call for all
vessels, a drydock would have all the
business it could do.
A box factory to supply the fruit and
fish trade of Alaska, Fraser River, etc., as
well as California.
Shingle-mills, to utilize the immense
quantities of cedar close to the city.
A tub and pail factory, to utilize the
alder, cedar and other woods adapted for
that purpose. „,
Iron furnaces and rolling-mills, to uti
lize the enormous quantities of bog-iron,
red hematite and other iron ores in the
immediate vicinity.
Capital, to start up the large sawmills
and take advantage of the present strong
demand and rise in price of lumber.
Creameries. Several good creameries
could find excellent locations here.
Capital, to develop tne Nanaimo coal
measures, which experts say extend on
this side over a vast area and crop in many
places close to Port Townsend.
A tinware factory, to imoort tin from
the Orient and manufacture a general line
of tkiware and cans for the trade.
Woolen mills, to utilize the wool grown
in this vicinity and the island country.
Wholesale mercantile houses, to go into
the general business of the Alaska, island,
Hawaiian, China and Japan trade, etc.
A terra-cotta works, to utilize the fine
clays in this vicinity.
Glass works, to utilize the silicious sands
adapted for ;he manufacture of glass.
Apiaries. It has been demonstrated that
bees can be cultivated very profitably in
this country.
Settlers to take up the splendid farm
and timber lands which may still be had
from the Government.
Men of enterprise and industry. Such
will find here splendid openings for large
and small capital in many industries
besides the more conspicuous ones
enumerated above.
Visitors to Puget Sound are cordially
invited to visit Port Townsend, where a
hearty reception will be extended them.
Present Port Townsend Board of Trade.
MADERA COUNTY CHASE
Outlaws Laverone and Roberts
Seen in the Quartz Moun
tain Country.
A G.'rl Braves One of the Fugitives,
Who Was Attempting to
Steal a Horse.
MADERA, Cal., May 10.— The chase
•fter Laverone and Roberts, the highway
men who escaped from the Madera jail, is
by no means abandoned. The officers and
citizens who are in pursuit are determined
that no efforts shall be spared to recapture
the daring robbers; on the other hand,
those who know the men predict that the
escapes will not be retaken without a fight.
It is believed that the fugitives are in the
vicinity of Quartz Mountain. Yesterday
the officers had deployed their men in a
cordon, surrounding the region where the
two were supposed to oe in biding, but it
seeme the escaped robbers were too vigi
lant to be penned in and starved into a
surrender.
Deputy Sheriff Jones of Fresno, who is
in charge of the bloodhounds, returned
about noon to-day with the dogs, as it was
believed that they had rendered all the
service which would be necessary from
them. He had scarcely reached town,
however, before a messenger arrived with
a summons for him to return at once.
Tnat the men have been seen several
times is believed by the officers. Two days
ago Lily Larsen, a twelve-year-old girl, re
ported having seen a man answering the
description of Roberts. He was in her
father s pasture, trying to catch a horse,
and the little maiden, not aware that she
was probably biaving a desperado warned
him away. He immediately left and she
afterward heard him talking to some one
in the brush.
P. L. Grace, one of the posse, left the
camp this morning to return to Madera.
Just before he started an Indian came in,
who reported a trail which indicated that
Laverone and Roberts had been above
Dapello's place, between O'Neal's and Fine
Gold.
The trail was mpde by two men, one
making a large track and one a small one,
just as Laverone and Roberts make. Later
in the day an Indian woman reported to
Sheriff Westfall that she had seen two
men who answered to the description of
the robbers. These men, upon seeing the
woman, jumped into the bushes and dis
appeared. Their tracks were the same, a
bip one and a little one, at tne point where
tbe woman said they disappeared in the
brush. The chase has been taken up
again, and this is the cause of the hasty
summons for the return of the dogs.
Jailer Wells has recovered sufficiently
from the injuries received in the fight in
the jail to join in the pursuit, and a num
ber of citizens have gone to the scene of
the hunt.
It is believed that Roberts is an ex-con
vlct and that there is a reward of $1500
offered for him for a murder committed in
the southern part of the State.
NEWS OF MARE ISLAND
Three Hundred Additional Men
Soon to Be Employed on
the Baltimore.
VALLEJO, Cal., May 10.-— The water
front abreast of the navy-yard is well lined
with ships-of-war. Guns of all sizes are
bristling from ports and turrets. Two
gunboats— the Concord and Petrel— are
new in these waters. They will soon be
placed out of commission to permit of ex
tensive repairs. Their crews will either
be discharged or distributed to other
ships.
As soon as money becomes available 300
additional workmen will be employed at
the yard to work on the Baltimore,
Ranger, Mohican, Concord, Bennineton
and Petrel. This will make business
lively for months to come. Already the
merchants of Vailejo note better times
with the advent of the snips.
The flagship Philadelphia is in drydock
donning a fresh coating of paint on hull
and sides. The flagship, with the monitor
Monadnock, will leave for San Francisco
during the coming week.
Naval Constructor Baxter and Civil En
gineer Mason arrived last night from Port
Orchard. The men who went from here
to the northern dockyard to assist in dock
ing the Monterey returned this morning.
They are united in their expressions that
Mare Island is by far th' best adapted for
a naval station. It will be many years be
fore the Port Orchard station amounts to
a great deal as a repair-yard.
Tne Telegraph gives the name of Bear-
Admiral Kirkland as the next command
ant of the navy-yard and that the present
commandant, Captain Howison, will be
given command of the battle-ship Oregon.
While regrets are expressed at the depar
ture from the yard of Captain Howison,
congratulations are extended upon his
promotion to such a fine ship as the
Oregon.
TULARE COUNTY'S
BIG FRUIT CROP
Visalia Reports Predict a
Very Profitable
Season.
AN INCREASED ACREAGE
Good Prices Will Prevail and
Fully Compensate for
Frost Damage.
ORCHABDISTS ABE CHEERFUL.
Citrus Fruit at the Exeter, Lindsey
and Lemon Cove Districts
Escapes Unscathed.
VISALIA, Cal., May 10.— The fruit crop
of Tulare, speaking generally, has out
lived the frost scare. It is true that tbe
crop will be smaller than if there had been
no frost at all, but it is also true that, in
spite of the frost, the fruit crop of Tulare
County will be even larger than it was last
year.
From this statement it would not be cor
rect to draw the inference that the frost
did little or no damage here. Tbe fact is
that the unusual and most unexpected
cold weather did considerable damage,
and yet when the entire output of the
county is considered, the loss is relatively
quite small. However, the larger fruit
crop in Tulare County this year is due not
so much to its freedom froni frost, but to
the very largely increased acreage that
will come into bearing this year.
A good deal of inquiry among the fruit
men of this county has elicited its corre
sponding quota of valuable information
concerning the crop this year and its dam
age or freedom from frost. The frost
seemed to strike in spots. Here and there
orchards have suffered greatly, even kill
ing the crop entirely. Right aside of
these places, however, are other orchards
of from 50 to 100 acres of prunes, peaches
and apricots that escaped untouched.
From all the information obtainable it
would appear that those orchards tnat had
just been irrigated, or were being irrigated
at the time, were the ones that escaped
with the least injury to the fruit.
Upon the whole the fruit men of Tulare
County are by no means disheartened.
On the contrary, seeing good prices ahead,
they are quite optimistic and to a man
cheerful. Had it not been for the frost it
is quite likely that fruit would have been
a drug on the market and much of it gone
a-begging or sold for prices entirely too
small to leave a reasonable profit to the
grower.
As it is, there is bound to be a good de
mand for deciduous fruit this year, for not
every locality has escaped so lightly as the
favored Tulare County district.
In the Encina orchard, of which Ben M.
Maddox is president, thers are at least
eighty acres of good peaches that escaped
untouched, and out of the entire 440 acres
in th« orchard there are many large spots
of other deciduous trees that also escaped
and will yield good return. When ques
tioned concerning tbe fruit outlook, Mr.
Maddoz expressed himself as entirely
pleased with it and said he expected an
unusually profitable year. On the Evans
dale orchard, which is owned by the same
company, in spite of the fact that ail the
young prunes are wiped out, there are
enough good peaches of a sufficient acreage
of five-year-old prune trees that withstood
the cold weather to make a fine crop, even
at much smaller prices than are reasonably
anticipated.
The Visalia Fruit and Land Company's
440-acre orchard, of whicn County Clerk
William H. Hammond is president, will
• - . KErn TO-DAY."
TS NOT STRONG. USUALLY HE HAS' POOR NERVE
1 force. ,So much flesh uses up all his vital strength. The
more flesh a man has on his bones the greater is the call upon
his vital energies to feed the large amount of useless tissue and
correspondingly the^ess is left to the more delicate functions
That is not a scientific theory. It is a practical truth! disco vl
ered in our careful study of the reasons for such a vast nuS
« t^ who are devoid of nerve power of inannool
■SSS ™ f aS been too .generous to you in flesh, she has del
in which you
detnn^orthTp^ weatnesa and n.rvou.
was about to give up in desoa r. as I wa^so nervont and ™°1, ™ ? oCU)rln &. but to no avail. I
late the telefraph key. much Tien" op/2n orde ■£ m£L« TLVf 10 m «"put
.ay too much in praUeof yonr^L^fsTß^.^lripToV^^^^^^^^^^^ Ic * n> *
as your vital force is not sufficient to 5 keep up a vieoroua
manhood you need help, and Dr. Sanden's ElectricVlt wUI Svo
it to you quickly.. Wear it every night while you sleep, each
night you absorb from it the energy born of electricity It stores
itself in your nerves and saturates your entire vital structure
Animal vitality is sure to accumulate in your body, and manhood
will return naturally— for we are simpl/ restoring Natural
element, which has been dissipated nourishment of tour
great mass of flesh. This is the experience of many hundred
ot your neighbors, whom delicacy prevents from acknowl^ ?
J^ w iSr sir sent * p^^°2sw
630 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE PALACE^SStE^ S A^ ANCISC( .
Office Hou^^; to8:30p:^ : y^^NCISCO.
;, ]UOH South Broadway. I AT "~~3j LA ND, OR.
" 888 Washington ttretfe
"WELL DONE OUTLIVES DEATH "EVEN
YOUR MEMORY WILL SHINE IF
YOU USE
SAPOLIO
also yield a good-paying crop, though the
frost was felt there to some extent.
Somewhat conflicting reports come from
the 1300 acres owned by the Fleming Or
chard and the Mineral King Fruit Com
pany, but a safe and conservative esti
mate of all the loss by frost still leaves a
good fair crop of choice delicious fruit for
the coming market.
There is a multitude 6*f smaller orchards
scattered all about Visalia and, indeed,
throughout the entire county, but none of
the reports so far received are at all dis
heartening. It may be that here and
there a small orchard has suffered a great
deal, but* so far as is known at present
there is no fruit-grower in the county Out
what will reap a fair profit for his season's
crop.
At Lindsey, Exeter and Lemon Cove
there are over 2000 acres of fine oranges
and Jemons which escaped the ravages of
the frost entirely. Not a single citrus tree
was hurt.
At Exeter, and in the region east of
Vißalia, the deciduous trees suffered very
little or not at all, much less at any rate
than in any other section. One reason,
given for this is that in most of these or
chards the trees are older and have
abundant foliage. The foliage kept the
fruit -warm and protected it splendidly
from the frost.
The large orchard of assorted trees
owned by H. Thomas is reported in very
fair condition, and Mr. Thomas says he
has no cause to complain or feel disheart
ened at the season's outlook.
The same state of affairs is true with re
gard to John Harter's prune orchard. It
is in excellent shape, all things considered,
and will yield a fair revenue in return for
tne labor and capital invested upon it.
George F. Beales, superintendent of the
Cain Fruit and Nursery Company, expects
to harvest a good crop of fruit on his
ranch this summer. He will have a big
crop of prunuß simoni and Clyman plums.
He has thinned the trees once, and will
nave to thin them again. The trees are
loaded. He will have a good crop of
Tragedy prunes also, notwithstanding the
recent frosts. Taking it all in ail, Mr.
Beales feels greatly encouraged.
George Perkins' prune orchard is in good
condition. There are evidences that a
frost was somewhere in the neighborhood,
but Mr. Perkins, together with most all
the other fruit men in this region, is
confident that the increased price of fruit
this year will at the very least repay them
for all losses hy the frost.
FRESNO COUNTY`S ARMENLAND
Large Sums Sent to the Sufferers of ThHr
Xative IJand.
FRESNO, Cal., May 10.— Rev. A. J.
Melchonian, M.D., of this city has re
turned from a lecturing tour of the State.
Dr. Melchonian is an Armenian, and he
has visited every town of importance in
the State, making appeals in behalf of
sufferers in his native land. He delivered
lectures on Armenia and took up collec
tions for the oppressed. He raised $900 on
the tour.
Armenia never had a better friend than
the Fresno colony of people from that
country. They have raised considerable
sums of money which was sent to Armenia
and have lost no opportunity to make
appeals in the interests of their country.
In the Fourth of July parade last year
they nad a float with a young Armenian
lady representing the oppression of her
country. About 100 Armenians followed
in line.
FOR GREATER SELMA
Organization of an Auxiliary Hundred
Thousand. Club.
SELMA, Cal,, May 10.— A mass-meeting
was held here last night to organize an
auxiliary Hundred Thousand Club, to act
in unison with the Fresno club. A large
delegation waa present from Fresno. The
speeches were cheered to the echo. A
pledge was prepared and the rolls opened
by the signatures of twenty-five leading
citizens and the appointment of the fol
lowing committee to take charge of the
rolls and secure not less than 100 charter
members: W. L. Chappell, G. W. Terriil
and V. S. Willis.
Santiago Canyon Accident.
SANTA ANA, Cal., May 10.— Harry
Rice of this city was accidentally shot to
day whilfl hunting birds in Santiago
Canyon for a sick neighbor woman. His
shotgun was accidentally discharged
while the young man was riding in a cart
the charge tearing an arm almost from
his body. The accident occurred near
Mme. Modjeska's mountain home.TALKED OF HOME LIFE
Rev. Mr. Baker's Lecture Before
the American Protective
Association.
HE FAVORS WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE
But Says There Should Be No Higher
Ambition Than to Be Queen
of a Household.
Rev. Dr. Goodwin was to hare addressed
the A. P. A. meeting at Metropolitan Tem
ple yesterday afternoon, but was prevented
by reason of sudden illness. Rev. F. K.
Baker at the last moment was induced to
fill the gap, and though not at all well
himself, made a stirring patriotic address.
Chairman Quitzow opened the meeting
with the following remarks:
"American Citizens and Friends: I re
gret that matters have so shaped themselves
for us to-day that we are left without a
speaker to make the address of the day.
"The friend who was to speak for us to
day is too sick to he here and to perform
the duty we had assigned to him.
"We must not expect that everything in
this struggle will run smoothly, for if that
were the case we would be apt to flag in
our exertions and be thrown off our guarH,
giving our opponents a decided advantage.
While looking at the work we have taken
upon ourselves from this standpoint, we
are always reminded of the oft-repeated
maxim, 'Eternal vigilance is the price of
liberty.'
"Let us, therefore, live up to that maxim
and resolve that we will not allow our de
votion to the erand principles of the Amer
ican Protective Association to abate for
one moment, but to redouble our exertions
to accomplish the aims of this noole insti
tution and see to it that every sentence of
its platform is carried out and put into
rractical working.
"If we work for that end from purely
selfish motives we will rind that, by work
ing in unison, each individual worker will
receive his just share of the benefits de
rived from the practical workings of the
principles for which we are united.
"But when working out these principles
from a broader poiut of view, for the ad
vancement and benefit of all, with a feel
ing of jrood will to all men, we should feel
doubly inspired to work for the fulfillment
of our aims and object.*-, for the broadness
of our motives will lend strength to our
exertions and crown them with a greater
glory.
"The American Protective Association
has jnst cause to congratulate itself upon
the success it has already attained, for we
have iust heJd a convention at Sacramento
emirely dominated by oar people, to such
an extent that a Sacramento paper, which
is run in the interest of our opponents,
come s our in large headlines and styles
the convention 'An A. P. A. Council.'
"In this instance we are constrained to
say thai this paper, tne Sacramento Bee,
has spoken the truth, and can only add
that we expect and lo<ik forward to the
Orcat National Council of A. P. A. to be
held at St. Louis to do their work hon
estly, patriotically and fearlessly, so
ihr.t we wili feel proud wnen gome to the
polls on November next to cast our vote
for a true and loyal American, one who
stands squareiy upon the platform of true
Americanism.
"And when the ballots are counted
throughout the length and breadth of our
bf-.oved country and the resuJt announced
that we have elected a fearless expounder
of our principles we then will look for
ward to the return of prosperity to our
broad land.
"To the accomplishment of this great
result we must bend our energy, not ex- '
pecting that others will do our work for
us, but each one remember that he has his
duty to perform, that he forms a part of
the great whole, and that so much of the
whole reruuins undone if he neglects his
part. Yon cannot expect to reap a har
vest if you do not sow, so I ask each and
all here to-day not to neglect their duty to
their country.
'While at Sacramento I was frequently
asked what were the principles of the A.
P. A., and when I answered by saying,
'Loy.aity to true Americanism,' I was an
swered by the question, 'Well, are not the
Catholics loyal Americans?'
"i was constrained to rfnswer no, for no
man can be a loyal American and owe his
first allegiance to the i'ope of Rome.
"And to the answer, 'Oh, that isnotso,' I
further answered, 'A divided allegiance is
worse than no ailegiance.'
"I further said that we were determined
not to allow a foreign power to interfere
and control the politics of our country.
"We have no objection to the individual
exercising his full rights, no matter what
hi* religious convictions may be, but wedo
object to his spiritual adviser controlling
his political action.
"We further object to the sectarian use
of moneys appropriated for the main
tenance of our pubJic schools.
"But I would cave it further understood
that we will maintain just aa strenuously,
that the rights to the free exercise of all
the privileges guaranteed by the constitu
tion to every one, regardless of birth
place, race, creed or party, is the first
■fundamental principle of the A. P. A., and
which we are in duty bour.d to carry ouu
"Let us therefore lirmlv resolve that we
will always keep these cardinal points in
view, and we may rest assured that we
will be rewarded by the grateful praise of
millions of our posterity yet to come.
"It hus been said, and justly so, 'that
there never was a traitor to a bad cause,
but many a one to a t;ood cause.' So you
will find the bad strenuou>ly adhering to
a bad cause.
"You cannot exoect that tue followers
of Roman Catholicism can be so easily
brought to a sense ot their abject slavery,
b cause they have become accustomed to
weuring the collar and would not feel com
fortable witnout it, but if once they do
commence tc think and realize how pleas
' ant it is to be relieved of the burden, their
stature becomes more erect and they ex
funf. oui into full and magnificent raau
lV od. and when looking ba< k they can
hardly realize how it was that they were
so blind.
"Opportunity and contact in this life is
all thai make a man, therefore we owe
muri. to ti.r.-t . w .; — ti.at >ye are here to
day advocating the humanitarian princi
ples of t he A. P. A., and we should look
uj-on thot>e who have not been tn> fortu
nate as to have enjoyed tnose opportuni
ties and the same contact more with pity
than with derision.
"In taking this view of the situation we
may hopefully look forward that with the
*aniH o; portuni lies and contact all those
who have the capability to rise to a higher
standpoint will soon be with us."
Rev. Mr. Baker began by saying there [
were live points he intended to speak
aboutr— points involving the most pressing
w«nt? of the ujte. "T!;e first to be consid
ered is man," said the speaker. "I don't
exactly agree with Saxc when he Bays tue
proper study of niankinu is man. One of
the most pressing wants of the day is for
men of genuine physical, im ntal and
moral worth— men "without whitewash,
possessing unswerving personal purity.
"We hear much about evolution — scien
tists investigating where man c;ime from
and how he got here, t>ome have consid
erable curiosity about their origin. It is
of little consequence wher«- we came from,
but of great consequence what we are go
ing to d" w hilejnere.
"I am more interested to know what you
are here for and what you are /oing to do
as citizens when you go from here than I
am in how yon got here.
"Man is here. It matters but little to
him what took place ages ago or what was
the condition of the race.
"Th« thought of greatest concern should
be: What am I? What am I susceptible
and capable of doing ? What are the laws
governing my present condition? What
are my possibilities?
"Man is the highest product of his own
history. The discoverer finds nothing so
grand or so tall as himself, nothing so val
uable to him. The greatest star is that at
the little end of tne telescope— the star
that is looking, not iooKed after, nor
looked at.
"I now come to the second pomt —
woman — not fashion's gilded creatures,
but sun-hearted, whole-souled women
who will come to the rescue of home and
native land.
"They make the best soldiers to press
the battle against the threatening evils of
the day.
"We would be hopeless without them.
"When they undertake anything they
do it.
"When she will, she will, you may de
pend on it; and when she won't, she won't.
Ai.d there's an end on it,
"They possess more firmness, persever
ance and patience.
"When they have force of character
enough to conceive any national enter
prise or reform they are sure to carry it
through.
"A finer type of capable, refined and
educated womanhood never lived than
now.
"We should stand in admiration of their
unbroken trust and indefatigable energy.
"Woman's devotion to the home and
native land is no passing impulse — no
mere emotion.
"During the last half century the sphere
of her work has greatly increased and en
larged, until all great reforms bear her
name and character.
"The time has come when we need to
put the right suffrage in the hands of our
mothers and daughters.
"All rightful civil government is only
an enlarged form of the family govern
ment in a representative form, taking into
consideration the needs of each individual
family within its jurisdiction. The only
safeguard to National perpetuity, peace
and honor is the unity and perpetuity of
the family tie in purity and peace. It is
well said : 'Demoralize the family and you
thereby destroy domestic and National
happiness and undermine completely the
temple of virtue and hope and prepare the
way of moral and civil desolation.' The
family is the first institution and lies at
the basis of all that is good in society and
permanent in government. Here the first
lessons of patriotism and morality are
taugat and the first fruits of ail that is
good and pure are brought forth, nurtured
and largely developed. Here the best pos
sibilities oi social, national and religious
life commence to unfoid, and just to tne
degree that any people departs from the
true idea aud form of the family ties is
that people noted for incivility and
immorality. The home is the thermome
ter of the nation — the national never ris
ing above the home life. Talmage says:
'Wnen at last we come to calculate the
forces that decide the destiny of nations,
it will be found that tbe mightiest and
Grandest influence came from home.'
purgeon called home 'the grandest of all
institutions.' Dryden termed it 'the
sacred reluge of life.' I think we are
ready to conclude with the writer who
says, 'It is therefore within the family
circle that the star of hope, of religion and
civil rights is to be seen, and let it go
down and all would be turned into the
dismal darkness of midnight without
moon or star to guide the weary pilgrim
on his way.' This being true, we must
regard with exceeding anxiety any indica
tions of degeneracy in our home life and
guard with eternal vigilance the purity
and sacredness of the family tie.
"John Gray said 'the hand that rocks
the cradle rules the world.' We are all
very lamely indebted Co the influences
that cluster around our cradles for what
ever good there maybe in our character
and condition. One in writing on the
mother's influence has well said: 'If she
is in the best sense womanly — it she is true
and tender, loving and heroic, patient and
self-devoted, she consciously and uncon
sciously organizes and puts into opera
tion a set of influences that do more to
mold the destiny of the nation than any
man uncrowned by the power of eloquence
can possibly effect.' The men of the na
tion are what their mothers make them
as a rule, and the voice that those men
i speak in the expression of power is the
( vjiceof the woman who bore and bred i
them. Th^re can be no substitute for
this.
<B"Thcre is no other possible way in which
tne women of the Nation can" organize
tneir influence and power that will tell so
beneficially upon socie-.y and the State.
I do not say that bomelife is woman's
limit. Her ambition may transcend its
duties, and her talents and influence may
reach far beyond its doors, yet I believe
before everything else she should build up i
a true home from whose walls shall come '
iorth the true woman and the true man, j
who shall together rule and bless the
land. While 1 believe in woman's rights
and woman's suffrage, and the use of
woman's ability to sp?aic from the public I
platform, or the wisdom that commands
the *eat of the Judge's bench, and would
freely grant unto her equal privileges with
man, I believe no higher dignity nor
greater honor can be given her than to
reign the undisputed honored queen of
the home.
"Mrs. Beecher says : 'To be the guiding
star, the ruling spirit, in such a position is
higher honor than to rule an empire.'
The power of a mother's influence cannot
be overestimated. First — Her influence
begins early in life. Education begins in
children long before they are responsible.
It begins when they begin to see and f°el
and observe, and about all they see and
feel and observe in infancy is 'mother.'
If early impressions are elementary prin
ciples out of which mature life is organ
ized how profoundly important it is that
those impressions are good and ennobling.
Second — The mother's influence isa living
power, molding character and directing
conduct. I believe that home is the most
powerful school in the world, and that
the mother's influence is mightier than
pulpits and thrones. Napoleon said, 'the
future good or bad conduct of a child de
pends entirely on the mother.' Third — Her
influence makes permanent impressions
upon the lif* of her children.
"Richter said: 'Every fir^t thing con
tinues forever with the child; the first
color, the first mnsic, *,he first flower, paint
tbe foreground of life. Every new edu
cator affects less than his predecessor,
until at last, if we regard all life as an
educational institute, a circumnavigator
of the world is less influenced by all the
nations he has seen than by his nurse.'
"Wesley's mother was a holy woman,
and she so impressed her children that
Methodism, which has been a crown of
glory to this old world, originated with
on«j of her sons. Abraham Lincoln said,
'All I am or can be I owe to my angel
mother.' Tralv mothers are the sculptor
of the coming men and women. 1 believe
that thn mother is seen in her most sacied
and dignified character in the home.
Many of our noblest patriots, most holy
ministers, most profound scholar spring
from such homes, where they were stimu
lated to their excellence and usefulness by
the holy principles taught by pious
mothers.
"The mother in the divinely appointed
teacher <tnd guide of her children. Lan
guage cannot describe the power of her in-
I fluence in moulding the character of
others, the condition of fiimihes and
destines of empires. Oh, that the mother
realised the end for which every child is
entrusted to her. I believe if every mother
would acquaint herself with the high and
holy responsibilities devolved on her and
the blessed results which may througn
her be made sure, we would have fewer
men and women weakenel and ruined
by sin and estranged from the church.
The ideal wife and mother rules as queen
in the home, but with such marvelous
patience, winning tenderness and undying
love that her holy life reproduces itself in
the happiest development of her children
in character and life, and her memory is a
perpetual inspiration when the bright
flowers bloom above her sleeping dust.
"May the glorious day soon dawn when
women will throw away the weakening
follies of fashion and soul famine and rise
to the plane where God intended they
should be and make their homes schools
of politeness, Godliness and tender affec
tion."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 11, 1896.
DORRELL'S PISTOL SCORE
He Punches Ten Shots in a
Three-Inch Circle at Fifty
Yards.
A DAY OF GOOD SHOOTING.
German Clubs Hold Monthly Medal
and Bullseye Contests at
Sbell Mound.
There was some remarkable rifle and
pistol shooting yesterday at the Shell
Mound shooting-range. Nearly all of the
shooting-stands were well lillea from early
in the morning until late in the afternoon
with fine rifle, military musket and pistol
marksmen. Those who are not prejudiced
against the nitro rifle powders have been
obtaining excellent results with tbe new
explosive. F. O. Young was the first to
experiment with nitro, ana his scores in
duced several others to take it up. Now
half a doz*n are using it, and they are in
the lead.
Years ago no good target-shot could be
induced to shoot any but a muzzle-loading
A. C. Gehret of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, Who In Five Years lla& Won
Nineteen Medals and Mnny Valuable Pr.zes for Fine Shooting.
[Rejrroduced from a photograph.]
rifle. Now the breechloader has taken its
place on all ranges, but the muzzle-loader
died bard. So with the nitro powder — it
is without doubt destined to take the place
of black powder. Eastern marksmen are
beginning to make experiments with it,
but there, as here, black powder is making
a hard fight for supremacy. Yesterriay at
the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club's rec
ord and medal shoot Young and A. H.
Pape used nitro in tneir record match, and
made the first scores. In all matches in
this club only the Columbia target is
used.
The contest for the Unfred diamond
medal yesterday, three shots, open to all
comers, was indeed interesting, and many
scores were shot. The hsghent was A. H.
Pane with 11. H. H. tfurfeind 14. D. W.
McLaughlin 14, F. O. Young 17. Tb»
other rifle scores of Columbias were as fol
lows:
Ten-shot rifle record menal— A. H. Pape 59
E. Jaiobson 60.
Champion class, members only— A. 11. PaDe
60. F. O. Young 60, D. W. McLnu/hlln 63.
Fir-t class— F. Bdumgartner 63. G. Nehultz
76, H. Hell berg 85, H. R. Crane 87, A. B. Dor
re 11 88. J. E. Klein 89.
Second class— A. H. Hesse 86, J. E. Gorman
92, O. A. Bremer 96, T. E. Mason 99, F. Dennis
101, G. Barley 111.
A. B. Dorrell broke all Pacific Coast rec
ords with the fifty-yard pistol yesterday.
The count on the Columbia target, it will
be remembered, starts from the one-inch
center and extends out ward in half-inch cir
cles. Wnen the center in punctured by a
bullet the marker waves ol<i glory Dor
rell started out with two flags and wound
up his ten-shot record score with another
His score was 1, 1, 4, 3, 6, 3,4, 4, 3, I— total
30. This shows that he bunched his ten
shots within a three-inch circle. Tnis
score is likely to stand without an equal
for many a day and Dorrell was the proud
est man that left the rant,'e at sundown
The other scores stood as follows:
Champion class— C. M. I)aisss3, F O Youn*
75, J. E. Gorman 51. ' vuu *
First class— D. W. llcLauehlin 89 F Dennio
67, A. B. Oorrer. 30. F. Baumgartner 73 1 M J
W h i Us 57.
Second class— A. H. Hesse 132, F. E Ma«on
69. E. Jacobson 59. , ' r - * aason
Blanding medal, three shots, open to nil
comers, best scores— J. E. Gorman 14 •
Pape 8, 12, 12. 10; C. M. Daiss 9, 10 10 1O :
F. bennie 13, F. Baumgartner 30; F. 0 L Young
16, 16. 8
Twenty-two-cii liber rifle, medal, all comers
five shots— W. J. Burrows 38, 36 »"»««,
Carr revolver, medal, five shots — M j
White 35. *
The German sharpshooters were out in
full force and tine scor«>s were made. The
Nord Deatscher Schuetzen Club prize bulls
eye shoot resulted in the following win
ners, points and prizes:
F. Rust 142 points. $2 50 ; H. H. Bnrfeind 200
$2; W. BrunhiK 005, *2; J. DeWits46 Si 7 v
D. Selfleld 905. $1 50; G. Schultz 97*' $i 2V
1. Gefkin 1048, #1 25; G. Alpers 1050 *l • n
Heißer 1052. 75 cents; w. Garms 1187 '75
cents; O. Lt mcke, 1199, 75 Can la; H Meeker
1258, 50 cents; H. Stilling 1282, 50 cents- H
HeilUerg 1304, 50 cent*.
Gcrmania f-chuetzen Club, monthly mednls
Champion class. L. Bendel 424 rings- first
clas*. G. Alperi 415; third class, H. H Bur
feind4o4; fourth class, C. F. Runt, 437 • « r « t
bent shot, C. F. Rust 24; last best shot \
Ahrens2s. ' * *
San FrancUco Schuetzen Verein, medal
shoot. Champion class, J. Utschig 428; first
class, George Alpers 411: second class, Georg.'
A. Schultz 404, third cla-g, H. Hellberg 40V
fourth class. H. Huppert 354; best first shot'
L. Finking 24; lent best shot, D. Yon der
Mehden 24.
Tue Nationals, Companies C and G, held
a big record shoot for two months. The
April record shoot having been missed was
fired off yesterday. The score? made were
as follows:
April record— J. F. Norton 44, W. F. Unfred
38. W. B. L».rk-ns 44, R. C. Howe W, C G Lar
seu 42, A. 11. Kennedy 42, C. Neubold 39 E P
Phillips 21. V. F. Northrop 42, C. \V Mueller
33, J. N. Ross 3">, J. H. McKtiight 41, E C Slit
liffe4s, W. L. F.-iin 45, A. E. Anderson 44 p
J. Povey 4.2, W.Menzei 35, J. A. Chrisiie'33"
H. W. Quitzow 40, r\ F. Carson 39, T. E Car
son 38, il. W. Musgrave 37, R. C. Dun bar 27
C. F. Grcenlaw 25, T. McGilv«?ry 36 A R*
Vaughn 38, P. A. Larsen 31, S. L. Holt 39 ' \\"
\V. Thompson 40, C. A. Woodell 40, R. A Hol
comb37. F. A. Taggard37, 11. G. Eddy 31 J b
Switzer 35, A. Martin 25. C. F. Waltham 44 ('
Meyer 46, W. N. Swaney 37, V. R. Burry 33 ' &
W. Worrel 21, A. W. Ray 41, J. Irvine 30 ' W
Williams 30.
May rerord— J. F. Norton 42, E. c. Sutliffi
-45, W. L. Fenn 41. W. B. Larkins 44, A. E An
derson 41, F. J. Povey 40, \V. Menre! 38, J A
Christie 37, H. W. QoiUow 40, C.W.Mueller
33, F. F. Carson 38, T. E. Carson 41, H J Mut
grave 35, R. C. Dunbar 26, C. F. Greenlaw 22
C. Meyer 48, V. R. Burry 33. A. R. Vauehn 4l"
P. A. Ltrsen 22. W. L. Holt 40, X.W.Thompson'
35, W. K. Swasey 38. T. McGilvery 34, R. C.
Howe 33, V. F. N.Tthrup 38, a. R. Holcombt
-38, C. G. Larsen 40, A. B. Nilsen 23, E. P Phil
lips 36, S. \V. Worrel 21, A. W. Ray 41. C. A
Woodell 47, F. A. Taggard 39, J. Irvine 30,
J. H. McXight 39, H. G. Eddy 30, Alex Martin
35, J. Ross 39, W. A. Butler 28, W. Williams 30
J. Gillies 31, C. f. Waltham 42.
Eight of the good shots of Company G
made up teams of four on a side and held
a nfty-shot match for a dinner. The
scores of strings of ten and the totals were
as follows :
F. L. Fenn 42 45 41 42 55—215
A. E. Anderson 43 44 41 49 43—220
J.F.Norton 42 44 43 44 42—216
C. K. Thompson 41 40 43 45 43—21J
Grand total 86U
E. C. Sotllffe 40 45 45 48 43—216
W. B. l.Hrldns 40 44 43 42 46—214
F. J. Povey 41 4S 40 41 42-206
P. M. Diers 40 45 40 40 44— 'M9
Grand total 845
The monthly medal shoot of the Inde
pendent Rifles resulted as follows:
Corporal ft Han 39. P. D. Butt 20, Corporal
J. Windermanu 33, N. Blcgel 34. J. H. Kuhlke
24. Lieutenant K. Moenning 31, J. Faltines 29
H. Fredrickson 31, Sergi-ant H. Feygl 18, Cor
poral W. Tinken 23, C. Hilsz 6, Sergeant j H
Schneider 29, Dr. F. T. Bond 38 H Gaetjen
34, J. Hnss 2ti, Corporal Bchneider 28, Ser
geant C. Kombeck 41.
Company E'b Boores.
The regular monthly shoot of Company
E of the First Infantry Regiment was held
yesterday at Scbuetzen Park, and the fol
lowing scores were made :
Captain Edward Fitzpatrick 43, Lieutenant
F. J. Ralph 34, Herpeant Joseph Ralph 40, Ser
eeant Joseph Cardiff 37, George Martin 29 M
Twomey 32, H. Kirchner 32, A. H. Shay 30 M~
Delaney, 29, John McUill 28, Carl Lossims 25
Ed Mauldenhaner 27, John Mullen 32 Lieu
tenant William R. Robertson 37.
DIANA WON THE MONEY
Finish of the Inaugural Stake at
the Ingleside Coursing
Grounds.
Robertscn's ard Pey ion's Eastern Dogs
Carried Off First, Third and
Filth Pr zes
Another big crowd of conning men
went to Ingleside Park yesterday to see
the finish of the stake begun on opening
day, and beyond a few decisions that failed
to please the spectators the day passed off
pleasantly. The management had profited
by the experience of the previous Sunday,
and a second poolbox helped to expedite
selling and cashing pools.
The day was prolific of surprises, and
and the faces of the short-end players
were wreathed in smiles, while the players
of t be favorites tore up bunches of tickets
on the wrong dog with great regularity.
The biggest surprise of the day was Lau
rel wood, who . was put out in the original
stake by Governor ■ Markham He dis
posed of such fast performers as .Magpie,
Sky ball, Kirk Glen and Electric with
seem in l' ease, and the talent dropped
heavily on his opponents until they caught
his true form ana began to play him.
St. Lawrence came limping from the
field after beating White Chief, an old
break in one of bis toes crippling him com
pletely. He went down before the fast
and clever Royal Buck after a hard race in
the third ties, in which he ran practically
on three legs, his injury preventing his
turning quickly to get back to his game?
Robertson & Peyton's kennel of Eastern
dogs carried off first, third and fifth prizes,
aggregating $145.
' The unfinished stake was taken up at
the second ties and resulted as follows:
Diane beat Lady Fitzgerald, Master Glenklrk
beat Flashlight, St. Lawrence beat White Chief,
Royal Buck beat Skyball, Listak beat Sly Boy,
Valley Maid beat Quern B. - . •
Third • ties— Diana beat Lissak, Valley Maid
beat Master Glenklrk, Royal Buck beat St. Law
rence.
Royal Buck was withdrawn • and Diana
beat Valley M»>id; taking first prize, Valley
Maid second and Royal Buck third. . St.
Lawrence, Master Glenkirk and Lissak re
ceived fourth, fifth and sixth prizes res
pectively.
. A twenty-four dog consolation stake was
then run, with the following result:
Fear Not beat Camilla, Fireman beat Dot
Dimple, Electric beat Queen B, Little Tom beat
Lady Fitzgerald, Livingston beat Great Scott,
Kirk Glen beat Uncle Sam, Lnurelwood beat
Magpie, Skybali beat King Carlo. Magnet beat
Xi . Scott, White Chief bout Tom Hayes, Spin
away boat Sly Boy, Eclipse a bye.
First ties— Fireman bunt Fear Not, Electric
beat Little Tom, Kirk Glen ; beat Livingston,
Laurel wood beat h-kyoall, Magnet Deat White
Chief, Spinaway beat Kcllp«c. - -'<?*K3Bsii9B*Sl»
Second ties— Electric beat Fireman, Laurel
wood beat Kirk Glen. Magnet beat Spinaway.
Third ties— Laurelwood beat Electric.
The growing darkness put an end to the
running at this point, Laurelwood ' and
Magnet dividing ; first and second ' prizes
and third going to Electric.'
A stake at $5 entrance will ' be run " next
Sunday. '■£>;■ - r ; ■ > .
Next Sunday will see the reopening of
Ocean View Park, after being closed two
weeks on account of the Ingleside inaugu
ral meet. ' r "... ... ; "'-^v
The main event will be a 32-do2 open
stake at $1 50 entrance, the drawing for
which will. take place at Pythian Hall, 909
Market street, on Thursday evening. ■
.r A consignment of A hares received two
weeks ago has had time to become accus
tomed to the grounds and good sport is
expected. ; : ' ; :.
V ■ ' ■■■'■:•' "'.... »-« •■" " ' "
The Olympic Men'i Century.
The Olympic Wheelmen, some twenty-six
strong, under the leadership of Captain Faw
cett, rode to San Jose yesterday to witness the
annual shoot of tbe Olympic and Garden City
Gun club. The return trip, although made
against a strong head wind, was ridden in
very good time, due to the heroic pace work of
Mr. Boyd.
HANDBALL CHAMPIONSHIP
Great Match Game Between John
Riordan and James Harlow,
Riordan Winning.
SPLENDID TEST OF ENDURANCE
The San Francisco Court Crowded in
Every Part by Admirers of
the Sport.
Riordan held the championship for sev
eral years, and during that time no player
on tbe coast had the courage to attempt
to wrest it from him. With the exception
of John Jones, the Australian champion,
Riordan was considered to be without a
peer, and when J. Harlow challenged him
about a year ago to play for the champion
ship and fIQO a side, handball players gen
erally were amazed when Riordan declined
to cover Harlow's deposit with The Call
and forfeited the championship to Harlow.
Since then Harlow has been recognized
as the champion, but neither .he nor
any one else felt satisfied that he should
hold the title without playing for it. All
efforts to get up a match between the two
failed, but when Harlow defeated T. F.
Bonnet three weeks ago for a trophy pre
sented by Phil Ryan, proprietor of the
San Francisco court, Riordan pleased his
friends and every lover of handball by
challenging Harlow to play for the cham
pionship, the match to be the best of five
games.
The match was played in the San Fran
cisco court yesterday afternoon. The court
was crowded with a critical audience, and
although it was the general opinion that
Riordan would prove the victor, no one
was courageous enough to lay money on
the result.
Shortly after 3 o'clock Riordan made
his appearance in the alley and he was
immediately followed by tfarlow. It was
evident that both had trained well for the
event. No two men could present a
stronger contrast. Riordan looked like a
giraffe, with his long, thin legs and thin
boay, while Harlow, who is short and
compactly built, had the appearance of a
gladiator.
George Hutchinson was the scorer and
releree and he lost no time in starting the
play. J. C. Nealon tossed up a dollar and
Harlow made a wiong guess, so Riordan
100K the ball.
The first game was a scorcher. Riordan
started off with 14 consecutive aces, the
first 7 being toss»d without a chance for
Harlow, and his friends were jubilant.
Harlow kept up his usual record for
splendid service and scored 14 before be
ing retired making the game equal. Rior
don followed with 3 aces and Harlow
failed to score. Riordon only made 1 and
Harlow followed with 3; then Riordon
scorea 2 and Harlow 1. Riordon had only
1 to make to win and he did not disap
point bis friends, the game being won by
tne score of 21 — 18.
The second was acknowledged to
be the keenest contest ever seen in the
court. It was essentially a test of endur
ance and skill between the two players,
and at its conclusion Harlow seemed to
have suffered the most.
Twelve times each player had the op
portunity of serving, which shows the na
ture of the game. . Riordan's scores were
1, 2. 2, 3, 5, 1, 0, 0, 2, I, 3. 1. and Harlow's
1, 5, 0, 3, 0. 1, 0. 3, 1, 0, 6. They stood 20
to 20, and the game seemed easy for Har
low, who had tossed a straight 6, but he
fumbled the bail in returning and had to
give place to Rio:dan. Riordan tossed a
oail ana Harlow failed to catch it, but im
mediaieiy protested that it was not over
the ace-line. Hutchinson decided against
him and Harlow appealed against his de
cision. It looked for a few minutes as if
the match would end in a fizzle, but when
Harlow saw that the feeling of the specta
tors was in favor of the referee's decision
he gracefully withdrew his protest and the
second game was credited to Riordan.
The time wasted gave the players a
chance to get their second wind, and
Riordan started off on the third game Hke
a young colt. He scored 6 aces before
being retired, and Harlow was only able
to make 1. lliurdan added 6 more to his
scorv and Harlow made 4; Riordan fol
lowed with S, Harlow with 1, and then
Riordan made 6 and out, winning tbe
championship in tiiree straight games
amid the cheers of the spectators.
It was a great match, and, although de
feated, Harlow proved that he is a stayer
cf the first water and a thorough expert at
the game. He is a trifle weak in his left
hand, but he is gradually overcoming tiv.it
defect. Riordan's victory was a popular
one.
At the Union court the attraction was a
mutch between R. Drea and A. B. Beaton
and F:ank Larkin and H. Whitlow. Each
team won two rubs, and the final will be
played next Sunday.
Following were the games played in the
courts:
San Francisco Court— Robert Shea and G.
McDonald pla>ed W. Mauiou and M. McNeil
and each side won a rub. M. Ma^ulre and C.
C'ollopy defeated J. Graham and F.Mitchell,
21—11, 18—21, 21-9. R. Murphy and
\V. Stansbury deicated M. Edwar;ls
and J. V\hiie, 21—16, 7—21, 21—13.
J. Brown aud J. McCauley defeated
J. Siiarkey ard M. Bowen, 21—11, 18—21,
21—15. J. Sharkey and M. Bowen defeated D
O'Brien and J. Brown, 21— 11, 14— 21, 21— 6.
T. F. Bounet and P. Kelly defeated P. Don
nelly, the amateur champion, and Al Pen
noyer, 21—16, 21—19, 12—21, 21—14. J. Rior
dan deieated J. Harlow for tne championship
Oi the coast, 21-18, 21-20, 21-6.
Union court— WiUiain McMauus defeated
Charles Madison and L. Latchiee. 21—14, 21—
19,21—5. J. Bradluy and J. Moffutt deieated
John McNamara and John Bolster, 21—14,
21—9, 10—21, 21—14. William Gilheney and
M. Morton defeated J. J. McGonniglt* and
Austin Henary,2l— l4, l3—2l, 21—19, 21—19.
N. Powers ana William O'Neal defeated James
Lee and David Burk, 21—19, 21—14, 14—21.
21—19. William Phillips and G. Thompson
defeated Paul Kelly ana T. Hugnes, 21—9,
21—19, 21—14. George Lynch and George
Ackcson defeated A. tiwauton and Charles
Long, 21—19, 21—17, 17—21, 21—16. Thomas
O'Brien and Joe King defeated Judge Camp
bell and "King" McFarland. 21—7, 21—11,
21—20. R. Drea and A. B. Beaton played
*rarU Larkin and H. Whitlow and each team
won two rubs.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS.
Meeting of Golden Gate Union
Tuesday Evening at Y. M.
C. A. Building.
San Jose Preparing for the Big State
Convention Which Opens There
Ntxt Thursday.
The executive committe of the Golden
Gate Christian Endeavor Union will meet
to-morrow (Tuesday) evening at the Young
Men's Christian Association building.
Special matters of interest relative to
the State Christian Endeavor Convention,
which will be held May 14 to 17, will be
presented, and the meeting promises to be
one of more than usual interest.
Great preparations are being made at
San Jo:e for the ninth annual Christian
Endeavor State Convention, which will
convene there next Thursday, May 14 to
Sunday May 17.
The San Jose Christian Endeavor
societies have been laboring earnestly aud
successfully to have everything in readiness
for the coming of this great convention,
and are confident that it will be the largest
one ever held on this coast.
The convention committee, of which
William G. Alexander is the able chairman ,
has made arrangements to hold the evening
sessions of the convention in the pavilion
erected for the rose carnival, which, has a
seating capacity of over 5000.
San Jose will be gay with decorations
and banners with suitable designs will be
thrown across the streets in several places.
Many of the garlands nsed for the rose
carnival arches were made by the Endeav
orers and these will be allowed to stand
during the convention.
The special flag for the convention will
be one made of white cloth with the Chris
tian Endeavor monogram and the word
"Welcome" on it. The business houses
will use this Hag very largely in decorating
their places of business.
When the delegates arrive in San Jose
tney will be met by a large reception com
mittee, of which Lester L. Morse is chair
man. The members of the reception com
mittee will be easily recognized by the
white corduroy caps which they will wear
and the Santa Clara sunflower badges with
streamers of old gold ribbon.
The delegates as they arrive will be
taken in charge by the reception commit
tee and escorted to the hotel where they
have been assigned.
Theodore M. Wright, chairman of the
convention committee, has already as
signed nearly 1000 delegates, and large
numbers are yet to be heard from.
A great choir of 200 of the best voices in
San Joae are in training under the direc
tion of Rev. Ellsworth Rich, and every
thing will be done to make the music a
leading feature of the convention.
The Oakland Christian Endeavor or
chestra will also be in attendance, and on
Sunday evening will give a grand sacred
concert.
The convention will open Thursday
evening with a praise service and ad
dresses of welcome and responses. Friday
morning E. S. Chapman, D.D., will de
liver an address on "How to Study the
Bible," and Rev. A. J. Frost of San Ber
nardino will speak on "God's Bulwark
Against Evil." The rest of the morning
will be given to the hear.ng of reports
and an open parliament oi comment. In
the afternoon addresses will be made by
Evangelist John H. Elliott, Rev. E. R.
Dille of San Franci?oo, Rev. A. W. Rider
of Los Angeles and Rev. C. H. Hobart of
Oakland. Miss B. P. Nason, the State
superintendent of junior work, will hold
a conference with the junior superin
tendents.
The evening session will bs devoted to
the devotional services led by John L.
Speares, the State secretary of "the Young
Men's Christian Association.
One of the features of the Saturday
morning session will be a "Question Box"
conducted by Key. William Racier of San
Francisco. At noon four evangelistic ser
vices will be conducted in various parts of
the city. Saturday afternoon Rev. E. rt.
Dille will speak on the international con
vention to be held in Washington, D. C.,
next July; and Rolla V. Watt, the enthu
siastic chairman of the committee of 'f>7,
whose work i t is to try to bring the great
International Christian Endeavor Conven
tion to San Francisco in 1897, will give a
stirring address on "San Francisco, '97."
The programme for Saturday evening
will consist of an address written for tne
convention by Rev. B. Fay Mills and the
presentation of banners.
Sunday morning the junior societies will
hold a sunrise prayer-meeting, conducted
by Mi?s B. P. Nason, and at 11 o'clock de
nominational rallies will be held in vari
ous churches. At 2 o'clock in the after
noon an open-air concert will be given at
St. James Park, accompanied by the Oak
land Christian Endeavor band.
Sunday evening a grand mass-meeting
will be held at the pavilion, and a sacred
concert, descriptive of scenes in the life ot
the Savior, will be rendered by the Oak
land orchestra. The conventw n wiilclose
with conescration services led by Evange
list John H. Elliott and State "President
Giles Kellogg.
The following are the members of the
convention comrrittee: Chairman, Will
iam G. Alexander; secretary, Lester L.
Morse; treasurer, W. K. Jenkins; junior
superintendent, Mrs. E. H. Baker; tutrtr
W. F. Squire; hall, G. W. Campbelf; mn
sic, Alice Van Dorsten; finance, W. K.
Jenkins; entertainment. Maud G. Mcln
tyre; hotel, Theodore M. Wright; recep
tion. L. L. Morse; decoration, Dr. C. K.
Fleming; badge, Emma Chase; hall deco
ration, Susie January; outing, E. 8. Bing
ham; press, FrancisW. Reid.
ALTA GUN CLUB SHOOT.
Bluerock-Breaking at easterly's Seven-
Mile House Yesterday.
The Alta Gun Club, composed of young
sportsmen of this City, held its third shoot
at bluerocks at the recently ot>ened
grounds at Casserly's Seven-Mile House
yesterday. Ten members competed in the
main event, which was at twenty-five sin
gles, with the following result:
L. Holden 16, F. Malfurt 22, J. Dwyer 14,
P. Sweeney 15, J. F. Noonan 19, F. Dwyer
20, J. J. Noonan 21, M. Coon 17, B. Schul
ken 12, F. Mitchell 18.
Regular shoots will be held during the
entire season.
A Sadden Death.
Mary J. Kennedy, 28 years of age, the
daughter of Thomas Kennedy, proprietor of a
grocery-store at the corner ot Hyde and Pacific
streets, died suddenly last evening at her
home, 1602 Hyde street. Miss Kennedy has
been ailing for several weeks and at the time
of her death was making preparations for a
visit to tne country for her health. The ca*e
was reported to the Coroner, but as death was
due to natural c*us?s no inquest will be hold.
HON. D. J. QUIMBY.
/"THE HON. D. J. QUIMBY 18 NOW
-*-one of the leading business men ol
Portland, and I was interested in him to-
day for nearly two hours. We spoke of
tbe result of the new bond issne, and we
•greed in looking forward to a good spring
business. "Well," said he, "I'm glad it is
coming. I feel able to cope -with any
amount of extra work. I am really and
truly a strong man. I was not in good
spirits or health a few months ago, bu>
that was before I used the
GREAT HOSE REMEDY,
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA.
"To tell you the truth, all of the regulnr
quests of the Qnimby House had spoken to
me so highly of Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla that I was induced to try it, and the
result is simply marvelous. 1 am now a
strong and vigorous man. I suffered very
much from biliousness and liver com-
plaint. I can truly indorse Joy*s Vegeta-
ble Sarsaparilla."
" PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Com-
plete digestion and absorption of the food, causa
a healthy action of tbe Liver and render the Boweli
natural in their operat on without griping
HUDYAN w IIEN You begin to
T * have bad * dreams,
HIinYAN he you be * ln to feel
nUUI/AIN tired and weary in the
. morning, when you can't
HL DYAN l°ok your fellow square in
nwuini^i the f when y * ou feel
iiiinwAti timid, irritated and ex-
HUDYAN cited, then Is the time that
■ ■ you must have a rriend to
UtinVAM help you. Hudyanisyour
nUUYAIN friend. Hudyan is man's
best friend. Hudyan stops
H U DYAN bad dreams, night losses,
. ■ "V cures failing manhood, re- i
mmw . __ news, remakes man. If
HUDYAN you don't sleep well, if
your appetite is poor, if
Ulinv AM' you are suffering from the
nUUIAIN effects of youthful follies,
you should take Hudyan.
HUDYAN You* need something to
nuL/lrtlN brace you up. Take 6 the
Mi, aXT best y° u can set. You
HUDYAN can get Hudyan only by
applying to the doctors of
HUDYAN slnu."" dson MediCftl In *
*************
* HCDTAX . if -
Circulars and Testimonials
* FREE, if
*************
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
TAINTED BLOOD.
HIS BLOOD Jsxh£3&sa£
Tlißi'Pn DI aXn serious private disorders,
TAIKIED BLOOD carries myriads of sore-
Tlll'TPn RiOAR Producing germs. Then
i.lll.l) Dbwll come sore throat, pimples.
TAIA'TED BLOOD copper-colored spots, ul-
T iil'it -! di ill n con in mo »th, old sores
TAllkTfiD BLOOD and falling hair. You can
T.WTFD BLOOD S^,HSJ O t;I &22S :
, TAINTED BLOOD %££*%?» old physI *.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTED
Stockton, Market and Ellli Sts.
. . - - ■ '
KIDNEYS : Many men , d rapl4
'^' ° Many men lead rapl«
i/irtMc-\/o llvcs and subject them-
MUINtIO selves to such baneful
. . ' practices that Iheir kid-
l^mMCVC •. neys are almost used up.
IN. I UIM C. I O .These are , a few of the
LiVi^ — -^ effects of wasted kidneys:
KIDNEYS Greiit Weakness— Thirst
" w —Excessive Quantity of
1/inMrvc Water Passed — Emacia-
KIDNEYS tion— Specific- Gravity
■: ' High— Bilious Attacks—
l^iniMCVC Neuralgic Pains
rVILMNt r O —Sudden Sweats— Failure
___■_ — - _ of Vision— Catarrh—
KIDNEYS of xil Power-Mouth.
IX Ul "* f *■* Dry — Tongue Coated —
KIDNEYS'- Gums Sore and Bleed Eas-
KIDNEYS ily -Appetite Variable-
■ , ; . Flatulence — Constipation
IX Tr\ Xi V or Diarrhoea— Skin "Dry
IS. ILJ IN fc. V O and 'Yellowish — Boils -.
'_ _._1; -x -I''- Carbuncle — Eczema and
KIDNEYS Iwshmgs— Swelling of Low-
. ■ er Extremities — Loss of
I/inMCVO Flesh. If ■ you want to
KID N.E V S learn all about your kid-
neys write for the book,
KIDNEYS " A Knowledge of Kid-
fv ILJ l\ c I o neys."
HIIDSOS MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.
'■ * ' ■
LIVER When your liver is affected
v *-»» you may feel blue, melancholy.
I , m irritable and easily . discon-
LIVtK certed. You will notice many
symptoms that you really have,
I l\/tTD and many that you really do not
i— i v cr» have. You need a good liver
. „ _ regulator, and this you should
LIVER ! ake at once - You can get it
i~i v i_i> from us Write for ; boo on
I limn V? troubles, "All About the.
LIVER Liver," seat free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
a ROYALTY couldn't ride a S
■ \ ' more perfect wheel than the i
IMONARCHS
A It's the King: of Bicycles. Royal •
\ in every line and f eatnre.^^n^. 4
\ i mnA'U. f?0 and 1100, fully jdr\?s# SS/^k. 4
0 guaranteed. For chiHren y^^^^^^iMaw^Mfc
jk tad Adults «bo warn a AT |M HL^Bj '
W lovrpr price whcfl the JI^JBBM fist'"' iX
\ Udance ii mode in 8 g. TMKMWB Sk-' «|
0 mo.lei<.s4<l.».->n. fon, . HH*^Z%JiHrslre^--nl
Send for Monarch book. ■ WSK9 iiSt — £
# Monarch^CydeMfg.Co.Wfe^g^Jf
g San Fraarlwo. <?'s vS]w\
THESUCCES3OFTHE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
.— Of THE —
PALACE HOTEL. ;
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN I) MIX MIDXIGHT. \
•<2ARNYS\
IS THE VERY BKtaV/ ONE To EXAMINE
your eyes and tit tnem to Spectacles and Eyo-
glasses with instruments of .his own invention,
wfcose superiority has not been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of my work. *
Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. it. :• ■ ■ >
mJw 9 PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
■SPECIALTY— DISKASES OF M LIN.I.XCLUD-
'-'111? all forms of m<,o<l. Skin and Nervous Dig. ,
eases of a private nature.' OverS) rears' experience
Book sent fre». Patients cure<! at Home.' Terms
reasonable. Office Hours, ato 3 dally; 6:30 to 8:30
evenings, i Sundays, 10 to 12. •, Consultation free and
sacredly confidential. Call or address -
; ' P.BOSCOE Mo.VILTV. 31. I>.,
, 88^ Kearny Street, Kan Francisco, Cat.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDCIE, 
Editor and Proprietor. . ■
f
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Snnday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall . . . . 6.00
Dally end Sunday Call, six month*, by mall- 3.00
Dally and Snnday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Bandar Call, one year, by mall 1.60
\VXskly Call, one year, by mall ....- KM
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon rolng to the country on a vacation If
•c, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to j
four address. " Do not let it miss yon for yon will ,
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention. !
NO EXTRA CHARGE. j
. BUSINESS OFFICE: 4^
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
telephone '■ Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
611 Clay Street.
reJepnone • Main-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
BSO Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
1:80 o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
TV, corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
intil 9 o'clock. .
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
116 Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
looms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
MONDAY ...MAY 11, 1898
. THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
A word to Republicans, organize.
Work and wages is the workineman's
issue in this campaign.
It is never too early to begin bringing
in recruits for the campaign.
Democracy, like an old carpet, cannot
be cleaned without being beaten.
Sy this time next year the revival will
be realized and all the wheels running.
It seems we are near enough oat of the
woods in the funding bill fight to begin to
shout a little.
The best way to Keep posted on the cam
paign is to subscribe for The Call and
read it every day.
Fighting Democracy in these days is a
cood deal like jabbing at a ghost— there is
nothing to oppose the lick.
The inventor of the McKinley Cabinet
lie deserves a monument, but he should be
furnished with a grave first.
No Democrat may desire to renominate
Cleveland, but he seems to be the only
man in his party above the horizon.
Make as many predictions as you please
about the winner at the St. Louis conven
tion, but don't bet your money on it.
Carlisle explaining the bond deal to the
Senate Investigating Committee is going
to be one of the circuses of the season.
The State Convention may harmonize
Democratic factions in this City, but what
will harmonize tbe factions at Chicago?
Populism has the floor at Sacramento
this week, and nearly every man in the
crowd will try to get it first and keep it
longest.
Through all the grand song of protec
tion to American industry there should
run tbe California refrain of home indus
try first.
There will be no campaign of edncation
needed this year; the people understand
the situation thoroughly and are ready to
vote now.
The surest way for farmers to get good
prices for their products is to vote with
the Republicans for protection and bi
metallism.
Once more suffering Sacramento is about
to become a political storm center, and
even she must begin to find the thing
monotonous.
From a Democratic standpoint, the
Republican oiganization will soon seem
like a gigantic threshing maching ready
for operation.
Now that the Senate has decided to in
vestigate the bond deals it will be just as
well for the House to go slow on the ad
journment proposition.
After the conventions are over, it will be
the proper thing for tbe State to whirl in
and give Sacramento a festival by way of
a recompense and a rest.
Republicans cannot afford to despise
the enemy in this contest, for, thoueh few
Democrats are seen in the field, there are
lots of them in the woods.
If Secretary Morton comes to California
to study agriculture he will come to the
right place, but if he comes to talk third
term he is away off his beat.
Abont every other day a report comes
that either Allison, Morton, need or C^uSy
has withdrawn from the Presidential race,
but next day it is gone ajrain.
Tbe absence of any British free-trade
circulars going round the country this
year is a fair sign that we are gome to
have a cleaner campaign than usual.
Business men who hare hitherto voted
the Democratic ticket ought to come out
at once for the party of business and pros
perity and cure their own party of its free
trade folly.
The young man who is to cast his first
Presidential vote this fall should join
some Republican club, and pot in good
work as well as a good vote for patriotism,
protection and prosperity.
When pugilists began to elevate the
stage there was a general murmur, but just
think what a Democratic harmony meet
ing would be like if some of them bad un
dertaken to elevate politics.
The Hon. J. Sterling Morton, Secretary
of the Interior, will please take notice on
his arrival here that our Weather Bureau
needs fixing. We wish it put back like it
used to be when May was lovely.
As it is said t^he Democratic State Con
vention will try to harmonize the two fac
tions of the party in this City, we may
look ont for the appearance of a third fac
tion calling itself "the harmonizers."
If intelligent Populists will study the
Republican Stale platform impartially,
they will find it broad enough and strong
enough for them as well as for Republi
cans. As a matter of fact it was drawn up
for tbe whole people.
A DANGEROUS BAIT.
Thb Call's information concerning the
efforts of the Southern Pacific Company to
make three-year contracts with San
Joaquin Valley shippers comes from a
trustworthy source and points to an in
teresting condition of affairs. The news
is to the effect that it is selecting certain
shippers on whose ability to keep a secret
it can depend, and is offering them special
low rates to seenre their traffic, the pur
pose being to cripple the business of the
San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Bailroad as much as possible. It is pre
sumable that this work is being prosecuted
among the merchants of San Francisco as
well as the merchants and producers of
the San Joaquin. This presumption is
based on the common knowledge that
some years ago, when a strone Eastern
railroad company took steps to run a com
peting overland road to San Francisco, it
found that the Central Pacific had become
aware of its intention and had made
special contracts covering a large part of
the traffic. The enterprise was abandoned
and San Francisco remained at the mercy
of a monopoly.
These efforts to shut out competition are
never made unless the new invader of the
field shows a formidable power. The Val
ley road is backed by men of great wealth,
ability and determination, and it is the
most serious threat that the Southern
Pacific has ever encountered. Its im
portance as a competitor could receive
no higher compliment than that
which the Southern Pacific is paying it in
this matter of special contracts. It has
entered the field with the backing of earn
est, wealthy and patriotic men, has intro
duced the radical innovation of framing its
tariffs to secure a reasonable return on the
investment and has won the sympathy
and confidence of the public. It is the
j most dangerous rival that the Southern
Pacific has ever met, and these endeavors
to securo special contracts whereby some
shippers are to be benefited at the expense
of others is a complete acknowledgment
of the fact.
Such a development as this has doubt
less been expected by the Valley road pro
moters and they are not alarmed. They
have confidence in the wisdom of the peo
ple and do not believe that any consider
able number of shippers can be induced to
pursue the suicidal, unbusinesslike and
unpatriotic course that has been opened to
them. They believe that a very large ma
jority of the people whom the new road
will serve appreciate this great opportu
nity to develop the resources and advance
the prosperity of the State. It might ba
in order for the wiser people along the
route to take such steps as will protect
them from this menace of the Southern
Pacific, as their interests are threatened
far more seriously than those of the Val
ley road. There is no likelihood that the
danger will assume serious proportions,
but prompt attention at the beginning
would destroy it.
A BANKRUPT PARTY.
If Secretary of Agriculture Morton is
not journeying West in the interest of Mr.
Cleveland's third-term boom, he should be
more cautious about the language he em
ploys. But there is no doubt that the gold
monometallism of the Democratic party
have fully made up their minds, at the
suggestion of Mr. Cleveland himself, it
may be, that he is the strongest and safest
man of their party to lead in the coming
campaign.
The Democratic party, or rather the ma
chinery of the party, is altogether under
the control of the goldites, and rather than
that the party should achieve victory on a
free-silver platform they would cheerfully
accept defeat if they can hold out the or
ganization. They appear to believe sin
cerely that with Mr. Cleveland as the
party's candidate they would be able to
draw the line so broad and distinct on the
money question that the free-silver wing
would have to surrender or go over to the
Populist party.
It needs no very careful analysis of the
present condition of the Democratic party
to see that it is a house divided against
itself in deadly strife for supremacy, nor is
it hard to see how it is that Cleveland is
the logical and, in fact, the only available
candidate for the gold-money wing of the
party. A party shows an immense amount
of degeneracy when it is divided with one
wing being marshaled by a Dick Bland and
the other by a Grover Cleveland, but the
Democratic party is in just such a plight.
Wall street is, of coarse, pushing Cleve
land forward as the true and tried friend
of the single gold standard monetary sys
tem. That side always has ready cash to
invest in such ventures, and ready cash
being the most influential factor in Demo
cratic practical politics, the Bland side
will be at a great disadvantage.
In view of the burning anxiety of money
lenders, bond syndicates and banking in
stitutions to continue Mr. Cleveland's
financial policy for four more years, it can
very readily be understood why Secretary
Morton and other enemies of silver are
going about the country preaching the
new doctrine of two, three or any other
number of continuous terms in the White
House for the came individual, it might
be called an ante-convention educational
campaign to teach the people that Grover
Cleveland is absolutely necessary to the
Nation ; that he and he alone possesses all
the requirements for President, and that
the anti-third-term talk is merely a scare
crow set up by little and designing men.
But most people are of the opinion that
the Democratic party should go into vol
untary bankruptcy if Grover Cleveland is
the only brain assets it has left.
TO INDUSTRIAL WAGE-EARNERS
The time has come when industrial
wage-earners should actively devote them
selves U> politics. We do not mean that
those who are fortunate enough to have
employment should give it up and engage
exclusively in politics, but we do mean
that whether at work or idle they should
take a greater personal interest in the ap
proaching National campaign than is their
wont. Economic questions of vital im
portance to themselves will be the issue.
It will, indeed, be a question of remuner
ative employment, and certainly no class
of our people are more interested in that
issue than the wageman.
Continuous employment at wages that
justify one in hiring bis skill and strength
are the right of every American working
man, for in addition to his being the
strong arm of the country in its effort to
make the United States tbe leading in
dustrial, commercial and agricultural
nation, he is the first to whom the Govern
ment appeals when danger threatens the
peace and safety of the National com
monwealth.
It is of consequence, therefore, that the
importance of the wage-earner to the
social and political life of the peopie be
considered in the light of his worth; not
merely because he is a valuable factor, but
because it is his right as a citizen and as a
member of the Nation's social establish
ment.
In the coming National campaign the
Republican party will stand, as it always
has stood, for the rights and the best in
terests of wage-earners and of every other
j class of our people. It is the business of
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 11, 1896.
ths Republican party effectually to dis
courage, by proper safeguards, encroach
ment upon the Nation's brawn from
Europe's hordes of cheap and pauper wage
people. It is a fundamental principle of
Republicanism that our industrial enter
prises and their armies of wageiuen shall
not be overrun or driven ont by foreign
competition, and how well this has been
done may be ascertained by comparing the
prosperity of all lines of trade, commerce
and labor when the Republican party di
rected the affairs of the people with the
uncertainty, hesitation and bankruptcy
that came upon the country contempora
neously with th* accession of the Demo
cratic party to authority in 1892.
No figures, no statistics, no elaborate
tables, no comparative exhibits are needed
to tell the country that the Republican
policy of government is not now opera
tive, for the distress of the people of all
classes, and especially of the wage class,
explains clearly enough that the Govern
ment is in the hands of a party that
boasts of a policy which brings this
country into disastrous competition with
the half-fed, half-clothed, and in some in
stances, half-civilized employes of farm,
factory, mill and mine in the old world.
It behooves the American wage-earner,
therefore, to take a lively, indeed an ag
gressive, interest in the coming campaign.
He must, in fact, do all that lies in his
power, to help rebuild the protection de
fenses which the Republican party erected
between him and the conditions whicti
prevail in Europe and Asia for their wa«e
m«n, and which baa been razed to the
ground by Grover Cleveland and his gold
bug-freetrade allies and abettors. There
is no middle ground for our wagemen. They
must declare aud work for protection
against ruinous foreign competition, or
accept Europe's and Asia's schedule of
wages. _____________
A NEW PROPOSITION.
Senator Pettigrew of South Dakota has
introduced a joint resolution which seems
to offer the simplest and moat direct solu
tion of the railroad settlement that lias
yet been presented. It embodies the policy
upon which The Call has insisted, as it
requests the President to bring suit to
foreclose the Government's morteage.
Among the provisions is a request that the
President sue the directors and stock
holders of the Union and Central Pacific
for the value of stock taken by them and
not paid for; another to recover from the
officers, directors and stockholders the
money unlawfully diverted and appro
priated by them, the amounts recovered
by these two sets of actions to go into the
sinking funds of the roads, less 5 per cent
to be paid to special attorneys whom the
President is authorized to appoint as as
sistants to the Attorney-General; another
to recover the amount of main-line earn
ings that have been invested in branch
lines and to seenre the Government's in
terest in the bonds and stocks of other
companies held by the owners of the aided
roads, and still another to recover the
Government land held by the companies.
An appropriation of $100,000 for carrying
out the provisions of the resolution is pro
vided for. Mr. Pettigrew announced that
he intended to address the Senate on the
subject.
The resolution covers every point in
volved in the case, including the pro
tection of the first-mortgage bondholders.
Conspicuous among its merits is the fact
that it takes the matter out of the bands
of Congress and places it in those of the
President, where itha3 belonged all along.
There is not a single one of its provisions
that adds to the power and authority
already vested in the President by law.
It is well, however, that sucu a resolution
should pass, as it would express the senti
ment of the country and i;ave a moral
effect on the President in holding him to
the discharge of his duty.
The measure completely destroys the
bugaboo of the first-mortgage debt. A
successful issue of the suits requested to
be brought, added to the amount which
would be secured at foreclosure sale,
woyld produce a sum more than sufficient
to extinguish both the first and second
; mortgage debts. The telegraphed con
densation of the resolution does not say
whether it is proposed that the Union and
Central roads should be offered for sale as
one line. Likely it does not make such a
provision, but that point can be easily
covered in the pleadings aud decree. As
to whether or not the resolution will pass,
that is another matter. It may possibly
get through the Senate. In any event
Senator Pettigrew will make a speech con
cerning it, and that will be a very valu
able addition to the record.
COAST EXCHANGES.
The remarkable success attending the de
velopment of the petroleum industry in the
southern part of the State is leading to impor
tant discoveries and the extension of opera
tions. The San Bernardino Sun says:
O. Robert*, a resident of the San Timotco Can
yon, near Xl Casco, is the possessor of an oil well
without the trouble of boring for it. For some
years pant be has noticed oil bubbling out of- the
ground along the banks of a small utream on his
ranch. Itecent reports of oil and coal discoveries
Id this vicinity, but several miles west of where
Mr. Roberts lives, turned his attention more foro
ibly than b fore to the matter and he collected
samples of the oil. He found that it will burn aud
appears to be of the same character as the oil
now produced in Los Angeles. Mr. Roberts will
not sink; a well at present, bat will endeavor to
pipe and collect the oil as It Msnea from the natu
ral channel of exit already existing.
This indicates that important discoveries
await thorough prospecting throughout that
region. In this connection it is pleasing to
learn from the Redland Facts that a company
has been formed to develop the oil fields in the
hills south of that city.
They have Invested $ 100 apiece with which
to begin work, each to bear his proper share of
expenses, and receive an equal share of earned
profits. They have filed on 320 acres, twenty
acres each — which is allowed by the Govern
ment as a mineral claim— in the hills sonth of
Red'.ands, on the Moreno road, about four and
a half miles from Kedlandt. The necessary
machinery has been sent for and a shaft will
be sunk as soon as possible. Considerable
promoting has been done for oil in this vicin
ity, indications of which and the veins of oil
huve been traced from I'uente through Red
lands and the hills adjoining it, and it is be
lieved the oil found in Puente and Los Angeles
is from the same veins which pass through
here flowing toward the coast.
In discussing the matter editorially, the San
Bernardino Times- Index says :
No more hopeful sign of the times has been ex
hibited in this valley tor many n day than the or
ganisation of a company to proipect for coal, oil
and gas in the bills along Heche Canyon. TLa: !t
may be successful In profoundly to be hoped, but
even that is a consideration secondary to anothrr
fact, viz., that the people of this city have at last
recosniied that tl:are are other means of natural
wealth, and other methods of extorting it from
the earth than by the medium of fruit trees. The
latter is a great Industry, but nature did not limit
the resources of this valley to that atone.
The organization of this corporation signifies
that a larg» number of the men of capital in this
city and in Remands are aroused to the truth that
these cities may be enriched by other means than
by money poured In their laps from the East. The
money received from that source is poured out
again for a thousand things which might be pro
duced here at home, and the firet requisite for
thair manufacture is a supply of cheap fuuL Th»
theory of home industry is. If possible, even bet
ter applied u> our own city and our own county
than to the country at large. Uke charity, It be
gins directly at home.
Santa Barbara is a long distance from the
principal gold mining centers in California
and is in a section which has secured iv great
est iame irom its superb semi-tropical or*
chard products. It it therefore all the more
significant to seothe Kettt of that city, In com
mon with the ; pavers ? published ;in the full
glare of gold mining rejuvenescence, realise
that California is on tlia eve of a great gold
mining revival. Our contemporary has the
wisdom to know that such a movement points
to better times for every section and in
dustry In the State. With their large circu
lation and influence in the Eastern States th«
papers of Southern California can do useful
work In calling attention to the unequalod op
portunities existing in California for profitable
investment in mining properties. The New
says:
It will not be a speculative boom, but a rush of
bona-ude nomo-gcekers, who will come to stay and
cam their fortunes with us. it will boa erase for
development, a crate for bettering and beautify
ing the country that the hands of nature left as
the most . perfect In the world. It will be a
rivalry in gardens,- In homes. In lovely roads, In
comforting walks, it institutions of learning, In
physical training— in a word, this favored land
will be appreciated and Its people more generous,
more intellectual and more perfect physically.
In that coming day we will have new blood and
better blood— a new people without the traditions
and without the* lndolence Of the present Inhabi
tants. They will come from less genial climes, but
they will brine their energy, their enterprise,
their taste and love for the beautiful.
While gold mining is receiving so much at
tention there Is uncommon activity among the
copper mines in the northern end of the State.
The Yreka Journal has this to say: ,
Several claim* of copper ledges have lately been
located at the head of Indian (.reek, above Happy
Camp, In this county, along the Coast Range di
riding Slsktyoa and Del Norte counties, and also
on the head of the , Illinois Hi vi r. which' rises at
the Del Norte and Hlsklyou boundary, running
northward into Josephine County, Or. The ledges
also contain considerable gold and silver and it Is
probable that other rich discoveries of gold and
cinnabar may be found on Msklyou Mountain,
near Preston's Peak, at Copper lake. Copper
Lake evidently feeds the Illinois River and Alt
bouse Creek, running down the north side of the
Sislclyon Mountain Into Oregon, and also Indian
Cre«k and Thompson Creek, running southward
into Klumatn River, near Happy Camp. •
This indicates a serious lack of thorough ex
ploration and prospecting to discover the min
eral wealth lying hidden in the northern
mountains. The great copper mine at Waldo
has turned the attention of the world to the
rich possibilities of that section. The Crescent
City Courier says:
Mr. Elmer of the copper mines Is to be back from
Baltimore about May 1, when a bustle will' begin
at Waldo. The company has bought the Strong
farm, which lies across the mouth of the ravine |
upon which the mines are situated, and this will
be used as a base of supplies. The company is a
strong one and will probably expend some > 200,
-000 In development work ned a first-class smelting
plant within twelve months. Then Is no question
as to the extent of the copper deposits or the com
pany's financial ability.
The transformation of the Laundry Farm
(Alameda County) steam railroad into an elec
tric road and its consolidation with the Ala
meda, Oakland and Piedmont electric system
will probably be celebrated about the 25th
inst. by a grand excursion and picnlcof school
children, as the Alameda Encinal announces
that J. H. Young, representing the company,
has made a proposition to that effect to the
Alameda Board of Education.
The San Jose Mercury calls attention to the
serious injury which the customs authorities
are working to the prune industry of Cali
fornia. They are admitting stuffed prunes as
dried prunes, whereas in reality they are a
confection, and instead of exacting the duty
of 12% cents a pound imposed on confections
they require only 1% cent* a pound, which is
the already too low rate on dried prunes. Our
contemporary thus described the article:
The stuffed prune v a prone within a prune.
Both are highly supared, the pits are removed,
and within a large prune is placed a small one.
They have not the slightest relation to the dried
product. They are essentially a candy, and yet
they are not required to pay a tariff higher than
that which la imposed on dried prunes.
In addition to the wrong done prune-growers
is that which California manufacturers of
glace fruits are made to suffer by this course.
This is steadily becoming a great industry, for
the glace fruits manufactured in this State are
superior to those produced anywhere else in
the world. More than that, they are the
purest, daintiest and roost wholesome Con
fection in the market, and th© development of
the market for California products should give
careful attention to this product. Prune
growers and glace-fruit manufacturers are
equally interested In moving to stop this evil.
The people at Hanford evidently appreciate
the value of the Valley rond, as is witnessed by
the following paragraph from the Hanford
Democrat:
C. J. nobler and B. A. Fassett, the latter repre
senting the W. W. Batemah estate, have made a
tender of sixteen lots to the Hanford Valley rail
road committee, In case the Valley road will pass
through the eastern part of the city. The lota are
to be donated, without price, and deeds will tte
given when called for. Tbe lots are on the line of
survey made In the eastern part of the city. This
is the proper spirit, and before many days there
are o:hers who are expected to be as liberal. A
strong pall will be made to secure the building of
the road on the east side of the city.
A similar feeling is displayed throughout the
San Joaqnin Valley.
The San Bernardino Sun says that the Colom
bia Colonization Company has filed deeds to
several thousands of acres of land which it has
bought in the Mojave Desert. This is the com
pany organised to impound the waters of the
Mojave River at a point above their disappear
ance. Says our exchange:
Near Victor the Mojave River poors its waters
through a narrow gorge of solid rock, an ideal place
for such a dam as the one proposed, for i he founda
tion, when bedrock was reached, with the solid
rock for the sides, would make a foundation for a
dam that would be as solid as the rock luelf, to be
constructed at a very low estimate of cost com
pared to tbe immense amount of water tbe reser
voir would contain.
Tbe proposei dam will bold 186,000,000,000 pal
lons of water, being twenty-six times the capacity
of tbe Bear Valley Reservoir, while there is plenty
of the finest and richest of Southern California soil
right at hand that could be made fertile with this
water placed upon it.
The work of constructing the dam is to be
begun at once.
Southeastern Oregon is really more a part of
California than of Oregon, as the natural
webtern outlet of the broad and wonderfully
fertile basin of the Klamath lakes is the Sacrn
mento Valley and the bay of San Francisco
As yet this splendid empire is undeveloped
and now the Klamath Republican is urging the
residents to bestir themselves, and they could
do no better than follow its advice. It says:
We would suggest to the people of Klamath
Falls and vicinity, and In ibis matter all creeds
and parties can unite, that it might be well to
organise at an early date a board of trade, Alpine
or Crater Lake club, or at least a society devoted to
advertlsiur the material interest, of our coontrv
whatever Its designation might be. A citizen of
Klamath County when abroad In centers of busi
ness beyond the mountains Is constantly snr
prlsed at the evident ignorance of even our lead
ing officials and business men in resarit to the
native resources of Southeastern Oregon They
even look incredulous If you happen to mention
that 100.000 acre, of allnvlal lands in our ha Sln
only await the advent of oapital to make them by
comparatively inexpensive irrigation, capable of
producing from five to eight tons of alfalfa hay
per acre annually ; that, barring tv, mile of raging
water at Klamaih Falls, our lakes w»,,id afford
about sUty miles of steam navigation within the
llmiU of our fertile basin; that «30.000,000 worth
of lumber I. represented by the pine tn,e» which
clothe the Cascades within easy access of a safe
and reliable water-power, equal m volume to that
afforaed by the f.lls of St. Anthony at Minneapo
lis. Let us organize and act in conduction with
the Mar-amai and Crater Lake clnba In other local
ltles In advertising our advantages and attractions.
That iron in great quantities exists in the
mountains separating the coast vaileys from
the San Joaqnin ha» been known a long time,
but the following announcement by th© Hol
listerJFWc Lance indicates that the extent of
this undeveloped wealth has never been fully
appreciated :
Mr. Al Leonard of ban Benlte was In town last
Monday, and showed us a> couple of samples of
Iron from hit mine, some thirty-four miles south
of San lii-ui (i. above Hernandez, located Dartly iv
this county and Fresno County. Mr. Leonard feels
very hopeful aa to the outlook of this mine, as he
was in ban Francisco recently with camples of
ore. and a number of capitalists of that City be
came quite enthusiastic over the ore, offering to
contract with him Immediately for from SIX) to
1000 tons, at an excellent price, delivered at Tre»
Pinoa. A party will be down about the 20th of
this month to make a careful examination of the
I mine, which consists of two large mountains cou
talning an nnllmlted quantity of the ore. A bent
one ton will be taken ont Immediately and shipped
to -Swansea, Wales, as a trial order. Shonlrt every
thing «o all ng-nt Mr. Leonard will contract to de
liver 160 long dally at Tres Plnos, which will be
the means of throwing a great deal of money into
this county.
An illustration of the fact that general dam
age from untoward weather fs impossible in
California U furnished by the following state
ment in th* Lompoc Record:
It la a wonderfully bad season when Lompoc
does not receive sufficient rain to Insure fair crops.
They were doubtful this spring as to the prospect,
but the unlooked-for came at the very ti mo when
the moat Rood could be accomplished and in time
to give promise of a fall summer crop. Three
Inches of rainfall at this time Is of greater benefit
than fifteen prior to March 15. A full mustard
crop is assured. Beans and potatoes, and In fact
all other late crops, will come up to any former
yield If pot in with proper care. The early sown
barley will not be a full crop owing to the fact that
It Is too far advanced, nut all tne late sown barley
will b* the better tor having been put in late.
The Mirror is a bright new paper which ia
working ably to make known the resources of
Morgan, Utah.
Bonrguignon £ Bourns have started the Caih
fornia Garden at San Jose. It is exceedingly
valuable, at it treats floriculture in California,
which is very different from the art as followed
in the Eaitern Slates. Mr. Bourgntgnon Is one
of the most expert growers in the State, haying
followed the business for many years.
Klamath Fall*, Klamath County, Or., has *
handsome new paper called the Republican.
The Coast Advocate, published at Halfmoon
Bay, has entered its sixth volume with all the
vigor which attended its starting.
The newspaper fraternity of the Btat* learns
with sorrow of the death of Thad J. McFarland,
the able editor of the Folsom Telegraph.
The Gilroy Gazette is already fondly hoping
tnat because it had begun only its sixteenth
year it is, like wive, better for age.
Del Norte is congratulating its able Record for
entering its eighteenth volume.
William Ayers, the veteran editor of the
Wettern Watchman, published at Eureka, has
resigned tne active management of the paper
to his son, William S. Ayers, one of the bright
est and most promising native sons that the
state has produced.
The Calamity Howler is a sharp and bright
little paper that tbe associated newsboys of
Portland, Or., have established.
The Riverside Reflex has begun Its ninth
volume with an acknowledgment of the gen
erous appreciation which its efforts in behalf
of the county have received.
The Santa Clara Journal, one of the ablest and
most indefatigable promoters of prosperity in
the State, has begun its twenty-ninth year.
That its intelligent efforts are appreciated is
shown by Its aspect of prosperity.
The ganger Herald has begun its eighth year
of Industry and success.
The Kern County (Bakersfield) Echo has re
duced iv subscription price to 25 cents a
month and expects an enlarged subscription
list.
H. A. McCraney, formerly editor of the Lake
oort Avalanche and latterly deputy clerk of the
Supreme Court, has started the Sacramento
Ci >i'ity I^rigrr at East Park, a suburb of Sacra
m to. He is displaying the old vigor and
abUliy that gave him so much prominence in
Lake County.
Tbe Southern Signal Is a bright illustrated
paper that has made its appearance at Santa
Monica.
PERSONAL.
Yates Sterling, U. S. X., is at the Occidental
Hotel.
Dr. L. W. Benebe of Sebastopol Is on a vist to
this City.
C. P. Rlndon and wife of Stockton are at the
Cosmopolitan.
Dr. William £. Goamc of London, B. C, is at
the Occidental.
H. C. Smith of tbe Fresno Flour Company is
at the Occidental.
F. A. Manricso and wife, of Los Angeles, Cal.,
are at the Cosmopolitan.
J. K. O'Neill, a miner from Jackson, Amador
County, is a guest at the Grand.
A. G. Rivera and wife and Tonito Orfila of
Los Angeles are at the Cosmopolitan.
Thomas B. Hall of Hall, Lewis & Co. of Sac
ramento, the "pig-men," is at the Grand.
Sol Benas and wife of N'ewman, Merced
County, are registered at the Cosmopolitan.
H. H. Walsh, a leading attorney of Fresno,
and his wtte are guests of Major William
Fahey of the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
M. G. Tonini. the Italian agent of the Union
Pacific Railroad, is at present In New York.
He Is en route to this City after a three months'
tour through Europe.
C. B. Wingate, manager of some of the big
gest minis at Laporte, Flumas County, is
stopping at the Occidental Hotel. Mr. Win
gate is interested with an English nyndieate
and Is on his return from a trip to London,
England, having made his yearly report
John Mcßobie, formerly manager of the
Western Union Telegraph Company in this
City, has been appointed manager of the office
of the company at th« Union Stock Yards, Chi
cago. This Is one of the most important offices
of the Western Union in the West and Mr. Mc-
Robie may well be congratulated on his good
fortune.
THE GIRL OF TO-DAY.
Dear, delightful maid!
Bright-eyed, and red-lipped.
So lissom and fair.
What's the mystic charm
That most beguiles one
When your are near?
0 food girl, with the
New Woman's wiles galore.
If to be with yon ,
Is felicity
la't propinquity—
Simply, no more— to
Catholicity
In feminine mind?
The fascination
Of woman's beauty,
Y ell groomed, fall of life,
In raiment dainty-
Sheeny silks from looms
So conning, work of
Oriental art? /
Spell or enchantment
Of vivacity,
Had 'an 1 like light?
That glorious grace,
A girl's crowning one.
Joyful gayety :
Of a happy heart?
Or, I* it only -
Siren* sinful son;,
Coquette's cruel wrong,
Owl's gifts abusing—
Ulfts lie's show'r'd upon
Your sex diviner.
The act snpremest '
Of Ills creation?
.No! Perish the thn-xlit !
'Tls none of these.
It's— me believe—
Your womanly way,
Subtle, sweet, lovely,
1a a wichery . .
Thai's Heavenly wise,
• Daughter of Eve!
F. HowxKd AjrsM In Toronto Globe.
CURRENT HUMOR.
"Can I write my name under the received
payment on this bill?" asked the collector,
who likes to put things as delicately as pos
sible.
"No, thank you," replied Mr. Brokeljr. "I'm
no autograph fiend."— Yonkers Home Journal.
H«r grandmother was so ill that the report
got about that sbe was dead.
A sympathetic old gentleman met the child
in tbe street.
'•Aud when is your grandmother to be buried,
my dear?" be asked ber.
"Not till sho is dead, sir,"— Answers.
"Who," asked the professoress, '-was Me
dusa?"
"Medusa," said the young woman who was
feeling about tne under side of tbe bench for
her gum, "Medusa was the lady who gave
every one who looked at her an attack of tbe
marble heart"— lndianapolis Journal.
Magistrate— Why didn't you answer to your
name?
Vagrant— Beg pardon, Jedge, but I forgot wot
name I gave las' night.
Magistrate— Didn't yon give your own name?
Vagrant— No, Jedge, I'm travelln' Incog.—
London Tlt-Blta.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Theodore W. Daviet, ex-British Consul at
Honolulu, and guardian of the Princess
Kauilani of the Hawaiian Islands, was among
the arrivals on the Monowai yesterday. Ho is
at the Palace.
Tb« gentleman is on his way to London, but
will spend about a month In different cities of
this country and Canada. Talking about the
Princess, whoso cause he so long championed
before and after the last revolution, when
Prevident Dole's Government came into power,
he said :
"The young Princess is now at Mentone. in
the south of France, in school. I was for a
long time her guardian, but sho is of age now;
In fact she is 20 instead of 18 years old. The
Princess has been at Mentone for some time
Theodore W. Da vies, ex-British Consul at Honolulu, and Long the Guardian of
the Beautiful Princess Kauilani.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
and will probably remain there for some time
yet.
"The Legislature of Hawaii, which recently
convened, has voted her a pension of $2000 a
year. It is the first money given her, for since
the revolution she has not received a penny.
'•No, the Princess has cot a large estate of
her own. She has only a little private land.
All the old estates of the royal family are now
vested in Mr. Bishop, who is now there. His
wife, who was of the royal family, gave away a
good deal of property in different ways.
"Do I think the present iorm of Government
in Hawaii is permanent? Well, as I under
stand the Government it does not lay claims
to permanency as It is. It is simply seeking
an alliance with the United States. Whatever
may be tbe ultimate outcome of the matter it
is not claimed for the Government that It is
permanent, though it might become per
manent.
"The first Legislature, now in session, is try
ing to arrange the finances in a better way. It
has only got fairly started thus far.
"Hawaii givos evidence of becoming quite
prosperous. There will be a larger crop of ,
sugar this year than usual. For two years we
have had drouths. Tnis year has been par
ticularly favorable and the sugar crop is large
and the prices good.
"The crop of Cuba has fallen from an aver
age product cf 1,000,000 tons in an ordinary
year to but 150,000 tons this year. The reason
is because of the war, which has almost totally
ruined the sugar crop of Cuba. The Hawaiian
people are feeling encouraged at the present
prices for sugar, and you know there every
thing depends on sugar.
"A great many people in Hawaii have gone
into coffee recently and the product of coffee
down in those islands will be materially in
creased during the next few years."
A USEFUL HOUSE GOWN.
A flannel of black and sage green stripes,
witb trimmings of black satin ribbon, forms
this charming and comtortable house gown,
which is fitted to the figure by one dart on
either side of the front, ties the usual back
forms, which form godet effects below the
waist. The sleeve ia of the leg-o'-mutton
shape.
A light blue crepon had the lace set on to
outline a square yoke, and falling over the
sleeves. An inch border of brown fur finished
the edge of the ruffle. The front of the gown
was hooked ud invisibly, and a bow of white
ribbon with long ends finished the front. The
neck had a collar of white satin with tiny
points of the blue edged with fur set on either
side of the front.
A plain nntrimmed wrapper of pink flannel
is most serviceable, as U may easily be laund
ered. A collarette of white nainsook with a
narrow Val. lace can be made detachable, with
turn-up cuffs to match. Or a pointed lace
collar may be made into elaborate accessory
by sewing a ruffle of bright striped ribbon
around it, making it into a point at each point
of the lace collar and tecking it there. A white
flannel gown with white lace collar and blue
and white striped ribbon was very dainty.
This model is very useful for wrappers of
wash fabrics, and is at the same time appro
priate for making up handsome tea gowns of
any fabric, the trimming changing the char
acter of the garment entirely.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Professor Roentgen has had the honorary citi
zenship of his native town, Lennep, in Rhen
ish Prussia, conferred upon him in honor of
his great discovery.
The Sultan of Turkey has a mania for collect-
Ing carriages. He has nearly 500 of them, and
often loses half an hoar before deciding in
which one will ride.
Herbert H. Smith, the author of "Brazil, the
Amazon aud the Coast," has presented to Cor
nell University his collection of books on
Suuth America, consisting of about 700 vol
umes and 800 pamphlets.
Emperor Menetek specially honors Jews at
bis court. He asserts that h» is tbe possessor
of the genuine «rk of tbe covenant, and that it
was transported by miracle from Palestine to
'Abyssinia. As did the Levites, the priests of
his church still dance before it on the most
joyful occasions of worship.
It Is announced that "the Kaiser has con
fided his latest artistic efforts, 'After Sedan*
and 'The Charge of the Guard at St. Poavit.' to
the well-known battle-paiuter, Herr Roech
ling, who will put a few finishing touches to
the imperial masterpieces."
By the death of Rev. Dr. Frederick Buege,
Bishop of Chrlstiania, Norway, Scandinavia
loses one of its best-known theologians.
Bishop Bugge was formerly professor of the
ology at the University of Chrlstiania and was
the author of a number ol books.
Spanish papers announce the marriage of
the eldest daughter of General Martines
Campos, the predecessor of General Weyler in
Cuoa, and the Marquis of Cayo del Key. Gen
eral Campos ia now in Germany with his sec
ond daughter, who is extremely ill.
Miss Lizzie Bradley of Peoria, 111., who haa
already given that city a hospital, a home for
aged women, a church, and a park of 145
acres, has declared her intention of imme
uiately erecting a Polytechnic Institute, which,
ivith its endowments and appurtenances, will
represent a cost of $1,000,000.
Mrs. Elizabeth Ludlow, the mother of the
well-known New Yorker, Robert Center, who
was killed while riding a bicycle on the West
ern boulevard in New York some months ago,
has given his entire estate, valued at $150,000,
to endow in his memory a fund for instruction
in music at Columbia College.
The newly elected president of Kenyon Col
lege at Gambier, Ohio, W. F. Pierce, is but 28
years old. He has been professor of philosophy
at Kenyon for the last three years, and was
graduated in 1888 from Amherst, an institu
tion which has done its full share in giving
professors and presidents to Western colleges.
During some private theatricals at the Saxon
court recently the Crown Princess Frederick
took the part of a maid servant. The ex
tremely realistic way In which she portrayed
a vulgar young woman moistening and polish
ing a leather shoe brought her a reproof from
the Kin* himself, who said: "We are among
ourselves, it is true: but even then a royal
princess ought not to play so exactly the man.
neis of a maid."
California, glace fruits, sOc lb. Townsend's.*
«. — «. — •
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
§-■•-. ■-- ■ •—• — ♦ — • I
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
•—• — • — —
"Would you accept an apology V
"Yes; anything, if it only looks like a man."
—New York Evening World.
Take tho Northern I'aci tic to All Points
Kast.
If you are going East call at 638 Market street,
Ban Francisco, and get our figures. Finest service
in the Northwest. All trains vestlbuled and
equipped with dining-cars, upholstered tourist cars
and elegant Pullman sleepers. Through steepen
once a week. T. K. Stateler, agent.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrnp"
Has been used overSO yean by millions of mother*
for their children white Teething with perfect sac
cess. It soothes the child, softens tbe jams, allay*
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates tbe Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists In every pan of the world. Be sura and aalc
for Mrs. Wlnalow's Soothing Syrup. 'Jbc a boittei
Coeoxapo.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry. soft
and mild, . being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by sie&at*
ship. including fifteen days' board at the Hotel dat
Coronado, f6O; longer stay 93 00 per day. Apply
4 Kew Montgomery st., San Francisco.
"A child," said the oracular young person,
"can ask questions that a wise man cannot aa
swer."
"T here's one satisfaction," said the man of
family. "He can't ask very many of 'em with
out getting sent to bed.' I—Cincinnati1 — Cincinnati Enquirer.
NEW TO-DAY.
Imagine yourself sleeping
in a metal bed S
Nothing easier: $7. 50 buys
one (picture above), and you
can't buy a good wooden bed
for less than that.
Not Adams & Westlake's
make, but it's worth $7.50
— and more too.
Enameled snowy white, with brass trtmmlnas:
*7.80 (without bedding). Same price, elthtr
Donblo
Three-quarter
Bingle.
One in the window for
you to look at.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
11 7- 123 deary Street.MONDAY .MAY 11, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
nALDTPiv TH*ATKR.-"The Strange Adventures
of Miss Brown." • :
California THKATKS-Prlmrose and West's
Minstrels.
CCIXMBIA Thkatkb— "Faust." V .;-"^ .
Mobosco's Opera-house- -The Cross Koads of
Life."
Tivoli OPKRA-H6t:sie.— "Fra niavolo'
ORrmcrM-Hlgb-Class Vaudeville.
Hacdonocgh Thkatk* (OAKLAND)-Rlchard
Mansfield in "Beau Brummell" to-night.
. Mark Hopkins' Institute of Art.— Spring
exhibition of Paintings.
Svtbo Cokky Island— Bathing and Perform-
ances.
Shoot the Chutes- Dally at Haight street, ona
block east of the Park.
1 acidic CoA*TJocK*YCi.nB.— Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! For thk Santa Crttz Mountains.— The
first Anniversary union aud Family Picnic
of the Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
held on Thursday, May 21, at Glenwood ParK.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. T. KEKXEB-Thisday, May 11, Bare
Oriental Curios at 419 Kearny street, at 2 p. m.
By 8. ruscH-This day. May 11. Furniture,
etc, at 319-321 Sutter street, "a: 10:30 o'clock.
By EabtonA Eldridgk— To-morMW, May 12,
Heal Esmie, at 638 Market st-, M 12 o'clock noon.
By Geo. F. La To-morrow (Tuesday), lT»r-
niture. at 1118 Hyde street, 11 o'clock. ....
By Sullivan & Doylk— Thursday, May 14,
liorscs, etc., at 220 Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
By Easton <* Klpridoe.- May 19,
Real Estate, at 888 Market street, at 12 o'clock.
By Kiri-ip & Co.— To-morrow, May 12, Horses,
Harm-as, etc., at salesyard, corner Van Ness nve.
and Market si., at 11 o'clock. , . . . r
By O'Fahhkll * Thursday, May 14, Real
Kstate, at 11 Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
By William .7. Dinoke— Saturday, Way 16,
Beal Estate, near Dwlelit Way and Telegraph
avenue, Berkeley, at 2 o'clock.
By Siiaixw.m.ii. BrcKiiKE A Co.— Wednesday,
May 27, Real Kstate, at salesroom, 218 Mont-
rciaery street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF
Sutro baths were crowded yesterday as never
before.
Superintendent McLaren tells a peculiar
duck story.
The ocean boulevard has been finished and
now needs only rolling.
The Trades nnd Labor Alliance elected per
manent officers last evening.
Comnany E of the First Regiment held its
monthly shoot at Schuetzen Park yesterday.
Miss Adiar made • successful balloon ascen
sion from the Haight-street grounds j-ester
day.
The weather predictions for to-day are : T*n
settled; probably showers; fresh* to south
easterly winds.
A large number of German sharpshooters
contested for medals and cash prizes at Shell
Mouud yesterday.
A. B. Dorrell of the Columbia Pistol and
Rifle Club broke the pistol record yesterday at
the Shell Mound range.
In the cricket cup games yesterday the Bohe
mians wero beaten by the Alamedas and the
Californias by the Pacifies.
The people who wish to hold a fiesta in this
City some time during the spring will meet to
uight at the Baldwin Hotel.
ITerman de Leur, the steward of the British
ship Falls of Hftliadale, was injured yesterday
In a row with the Yankee mate.
John Riordan won the coast handball cham
pionship from J. Harlow in the San Francisco
court yesterday afternoon in three straight
games.
President Austin of the Park Commissioners
favors selling part of Buena Vista Park to
raise funds to buy a park for the people of the
Mission.
The Woman's Congress was closed with a
praise service last night in Native Sons' Hall,
during which the Rev. Anna Shaw preached a
powerful sermon.
Robertson <fc Peyton's Diana won first prize
at the Ingleside Coursing Park ye6ter*sy, the
same owner's Royal Buck taking third and
their Master Glenkirk fifth.
The coast steamer Farallon, which recently
went on the rocks at Little River, was placed
on the drydock Saturday and found to have
been considerably damaged.
Edwards Davis. Oakland's boy preacher, drew
H big audience to the First Christian Church
of this City yesterday and will now probably
be elected to the vacant pulpit.
During a row at Fifth and Mission streets
early yesterday morning John Crowley, a
plasterer, living on Willow avenue, was struck
with a sluugshot and seriously injured.
John Purcel, who lives at the Commercial
House, fell oft" a scantling in a lumber-yard at
Stenartand Lombard streets yesterday after
noon and fractured his left shoulderbLade.
John Bell, a nephew of the late Banker
Thomas Bell, is in this City endeavoring with
little success to fathom the mystery of the ac
cident with which Fred Bell is said to have
met.
A large number of officers in the United
States army will soon be retired under Para
graph No. 73, in order to make room for this
year's West Point class of seventy-two gradu
ates.
Yesterday the Southern Pacific steamer Her
ald collided with the Modoc, and in backing
away from the other boat bumped into tne
Monticello. The Modoc was considerably
damaged.
For reasons of morality and as a convenience
to citizens during the calm summer evenings,
C. D. Saifield favors the lighting of the park at
once without waiting to establish a plant for
the purpose.
The remain* found at the old '49 camp in
the park were identified as those of Albert
Langenberger. He committed suicide because
his wife threatened to leave him if he did not
find employment.
Jacob Fisher, a dissolute character, persisted
in lying down before a Market-streetcar Satur
day evening. He wanted to get injured and
have grounds for a damage suit against the
railroad company.
Very Rev. Prior Vaughan preached at the
Paulist Church yesterday. He gave interest-
Ing statistics about religion In England, and
told about the unique work of nIR order there
In preaching upon the streets.
Superintendent Weaver of the Almshouse
will not surrender that institution to Reddy,
who was recently appointed by the Board of
Health. Mr. Weaver has retained Henry E.
Highton to fight the battle in the courts.
The .Spiritualists of California will hold a
convention In this City on May 24, 25 and °ti
Harrison D. Barrett, president of the National
Spiritualist Association, will be present and
organize the local societies as branches of that
federation.
The Vulcan Iron Works on Fremont street
near Howard, were destroyed by fire early yes
terday morning, and the Reliance Machine
Works, adjoining, very badly damaged. The
loss was roughly estimated at $ 200.000. The
Vulcan people were insured for $31 56b and
the Reliance for #25,000.
WANT THE BOY PREACHER.
The First Christian Church Pleased
With the Audience He Drew
Yesterday.
Edwards Davis, the youthful pastor of
the First Christian Chnrch of Oakland,
preached in the First Christian Church on
Twelfth street in this City yesterday, and
his audience was the largest that has at
tended the local church in a long time.
It is very likely that the young man
will, aH a result of the annual meeting of
the church, to bo held to-morrow night,
be called to the pulpit he occupied yester
day. The congregation is favorably im
pressed with mm, and particularly be
cause he seems to be the kind of man that
can attract a large audience to the ser
vices.
"We are to elect a pastor Tuesday,"
said a prominent member of the church
last mcht, "and we may choose Davis.
He is the only person prominently dis
cussed as a possible successor of the Rev.
li. N. Campbell, who resigned May 1 to go
back to Kentucky. What ia more Davis
is popular and it is possible to get him.
He its accused by some of being sensational,
but he is very effective, and if he does be
come slightly tragic it is only that he may
draw people to talk to. It is only a means
to a good end and I believe he is an
earnest, sincere worker, though he is only
about 23 years of ace."
The Bey. Mr. Pratt preached in the
church last night. He has been a travel
ing temperance lecturer for some time and
originally came from Maine. The subject
of his sermon was "From Gutter to Pul
pit," a theme suggestive of his own life,
he being a reformed drunkard and gam
bler.
BAY CONFERENCE SCORED
Captain Jennings' Pamphlet At
tacks Dr. Brown's
Enemies.
"COARSENESS" OF THE COUNCIL
The Deposed Pastor Declines to Preach
at the Methodist Church
Yesterday.
Dr. Brown did not preach at the Cali
fornia-street Methodist Church yesterday.
At the last moment it was given out that
he was not mentally able to undergo the
excitement incident to such an important
event. All the pastor's friends were
present, however, in anticipation of
their favored leader's appearance in the
pulpit. Dr. and Mrs. Brown came early,
occupying "eats near the rear ol the
church.
The regular pastor, Rev. Dr. Goodwin,
preached from First Corinthians.thirtoenth
chapter, twelfth verse, "For now we see
through a glass darkly."
The speaker said if there was a future
state, another world, it was natural and
proper to discuss our relations to that
state or world and to each other there.
He then gave some reasons for the
heavenly recognition and personal fellow
ship in the next world. Relative to the
relationship there, the speaker said there
was nothing earthy or sensual in it. There
were no births or deaths, no husbands and
no wives in an earthly sense. All condi
tions which could create jealousy or envy
or strife must end here. He declared that
love for parents, children, brothers, sis
ters or friends would continue in an inten
sified form.
After the sermon Brown's friends gath
ered around their ailing idol, offering sym
pathy and support. Dr. Goodwin passed
among them practical!)' unobserved.
When the hand-snaking was at its very
height Captain Jennings, one of Brown's
followers, handed around a scurrilous
pamphlet addressed to the members of the
First Congregational Church and signed
by "A Member." Later Captain Jennings
admitted that he was the author of the
sheet, and that Dr. Brown was in no sense
responsible for its birth. Captain Jen
nings' effort is in part as follows:
To the Members of the First Congregational
Church and Others: The question of the guilt
or innocence of the pastor of a church has been
adjourned over by his resignation, from his
few friends within, to the consideration of a
larger number without. There is also a, large
number of people in the world of good and
honest hearts waiting for a more definite re
sult of the matter. VN hile they do not enjoy
that spiritual enfranchisement called con
version, they yet extend a friendly aid to
religion and its visible objects and hope to en
joy its spiritual rewards.
The united prayers of Christians with the
honest desire of those in the world have a
marvelous power with God. especially where
the honor oi his ministering servants is con
cerned. Let us have the courage to ask in a
proper spirit for a full exposure of any guilty
one. and God, who is just, will also confirm the
complete innocence of the guiltless. The mak
ing of this request is justified by the action of
the Bay Conference. Prove your innocence or
stop preaching:, was their command. It is
hopeless to ask from a body manifesting such
a summary spirit such consideration of the
subject as it requires.
Considering the situation, the rising genera
tion will feel grateful to the accused, whatever
may be the result of future disclosures, for his
action in the matter. Without unseemly (U-ti
ance, but as of one conscious of having done
no wrong, with dignrty and meekness, re
sumed the work so dear to his heart of preach
ing the unsearchable riches of Christ. Many
who came as doubtful or oi curiosity went
away comforted and edified. Do men gather
grapes of thorns or figs ot thistles? With a
few members within the denominational
lines and a vast body of generous and impar
tial minds without, we have Drs. Case, Dille,
Goodwin and others who hare already ex
pressed their warm desires and of their people
to God, and their names are dear to every one
that is above the union of church and state in
the fact that they were his associates in de
manding historical truth in the public schools.
The lines of living, moving men do not lead
them always beside green pastures and still
waters. As they have incurred the hatred of
that great secret power behind the throne, so
they must be ready for his attacks.
An unscrupulous journal is secured. Its
emissaries invade the planes made sacred by
prayer and Christian communion. Complaint's*
are enlarged, conspiracies encouraged and as
occasion offers the infirmities of all held up for
the amusement of the public. In an asKemDly
of delicacy and refinement a chilling blast is
thrown over all by the known presence of a
deadly foe. Where all are united and see that
the feelings of their brethern are hurt in this
covert manner there is a remedy— it is force;
where faction has been developed there is
none. If the truth should be told, it is so dis
torted that, like a loud-mouthed blessing, it
brings but a curse. Fully 80 per cent of our
troubles can be traced to this source. When
once any number of the community resort to
such allies to gain an end, Christian manhood
and union depart. In such a case it is hope
less, without a saving clause in its constitution
for discipline.
We are indebted to the coarseness of the
council in holding an open sessiou without
any warrant tl»«re7or in the New Testament.
If we are forbidden to expose needlessly the
infirmities of en individual, how much more
those of a community of the church of Christ.
The plea was that justice might be done. Did
they draw inspiration from the lobby that
came not to see justice done? but to see a min
ister disgraced? The effect was to hinder the
course of justice, for its friends were never so
aggressive as its enemies. It hurt the feelings
of those of all denominations and others that
are friendly to religion, and furnished amuse
ment and scorn lor its enemies. Whatever
stiff ering they have caused they will also reap
in this short life.
Our Lord will resent such an Infliction on
the tender sensibilities of his friends as unto
himself. The prohibition is In the spirit of the
New Testament and the apostles affirm it is as
far as possible between brethren in secular
matters. If it should cause the religious world
at large to put its face against the practice,
some good will have been accomplished. It
also developed incompetence in arraying mem
bers of the same church one against the other
as witnesses in the presence of both factions,
producing feuds not possible u> allay. Tho re
sult is a pastor with shattered health and a '
church nearly equally divided in two fac
tions. This is well, slnee the quality of their
principles and lines of their methods are so
strongly marked. The victors bowing to the
msudate of the Bay Conference and following
a leader who has created disunion and sorrow
wherever she hag made a permanent abode.
Accepting in behalf of her followers without a
word of protest the vilest assistance brought to
her aid with whom creeds are obstructions
and suspicion is belief. Over the doors of that
monument of umoitiou with its chamber of
horrors is left this inscription, "Ye who enter
these walls leave reputation behind, f or it is
worth lets here."
The employment of two Journals with their
accepted methods throw discredit upon any
individual or community ; one of great power
and enterprise, the other with less ability but
venomous. Both dtntroying the peace of & re
ligious community, under the specious plea of
purifying it« morals. Business men of thU
City, familiar with the rise of the more promi
nent one, can best answer that at some future
time when they can cease to Bpeak of it with
bated breath. The indorsement of such meth
ods by any religious community brings a pun
ishment for itself. At the same time it gives
the authors of their troubles an entrance into
every household, educating its members Into
the subtle art of destroying reputations under
cover of every plea that may be at hand. The
duty of every lover of fairness, especially
Christians, can be neen in the matter.
We cannot dismiss the accused one from our
hearts and our presence without surrendering
our Christian manhood to dictation, neither
do we dare break into that sacred lnclosure of
Christian confidence that belongs to all per
son* alike until the truth is fully established
We cannot dismiss the subject lightly, neither
with regard to the services of the accused end
his associates, nor in respect to the value of
the truth that is sought. Although Ood rules
the world, yet he is pleased to see a lively in
terest manifested in the welfare of those whose
labors involve them in peculiar dangers.
Without it we stand convicted of ingratitude
for services rendered both public and private
that is offensive to God.
The chief conspirator is still on the scene
surveying the ruins which mark her victory.
Her victims are not numbered by the little
remnant with whom she worshiped, but by tue
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 11, 1896.
thousands far and near;"they are all sufferers
with that one. We are happy to bear his bur
den through this life with tho help of God,
According to the command of our liOrd, and
for the value that belongs to a good name, but
we feel it would be dishonorable as lovers of
the whole truth to rest with a partial result,
and we invite all that have seen his patriotic
example and received his spiritual comfort to
direct their warm desires and ardent prayers
to God that he will cause a full disclosure. It
is the court of last resort for all who are help
less before the law.
And it is justified. To an impartial observer
all the troubles were incurred in the strict Hue
of his duty as far as we can see, and we feel
that it would be abominable in the sight of
God to desert him as the cate stands now, not
withstanding the fact that every effort made
to clear his reputation met with an adverse
result both in church and court. Let those
who attempt to reconcile two such equally
numbered factions and widely differing quali
ties of principle and springs of action count
the coat. The image of clay, of wood and
of brass will never stand. This view
does not Imply any malice, with the
results of experience before us; far
better a legal separation and an equitable
division. To attempt a union under any cir
cumstances will be to displace principle, s id
to put expediency at the helm where it will
produce disimtrous results. Neither party can
afford to retire from Its position without
sacrificing principle to expedience. If we do
we shah have to give an account for such an
unholy barter. There is one thing upon which
we can unite with every household where God
is feared, to ask him to reveal for his glory
above and comfort of every lover of truth be
low, the full truth of the matter. Those who
feave clung to their leader have this to com
fort them, that according to the evidence in
sight, they are strictly within tho commands
of our lord, and have not invaded the domain
of impartial truth as partisans.
By a Member.
The Southern Pacific Steamer Herald, Which Collided With Two Other Boats
Yesterday.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Sternwheel Steamer Herald,
the Boss Collider of the
Bay.
She Catches Two Eoats in One Day
The Farallon in the Dry
dock.
The Southern Pacific steamer Herald is
the terror of the bay. She is not a bea\:ty
nor the sort of nautical thing that plow*
the waves with motions majestic, full and
free. She is troad and tubby from stem
aft to the big, ungraceful wheel that digs
up the water at the stern.
When the Herald starts in to plow she
plows up the other bay craft. Her prey
are not generally those she finds out on
the open waters. Her method is to sight
some vessel lying quietly and safely (seem
ingly) in some slip with boilers cold and
dock-lines out.
Then is the Herald happy. She will
creep softly around the pierhead and be
fore that doomed boat can get out a fender
or slack off a line the other is upon her.
Crash, bang, and the splinters fly a woody
cloud in all directions. Through the dark
ness of many a night the lonely wharf
watchmen have heard the awful shock,
the breaking of the straining planks, the
smashing of the rail and the groanir.g of
the wrecked beams. And the guardian of
the gloom would lean back against a moor
ing pile and murmur sleepily — "It's only
the Herald docking. 1 wonder what boat
she has got into this time?"
There is one craft which the Herald has
marked for her own. That devoted vessel
is yet running, but the Herald is nut dis
couraged nor cast down, and some day or
night the Monticello — that's her name —
will feel the iron-shod stem of her savage
foe grinding into her vitals.
The Monticello is a graceful little pas
senger vessel that has been all her life
lighting railroad boats. She carried on
the war with th« Northern Pacific steam
ers on Puget Sound up to a few months
ago, when she came to this port. On her
way thither she broke down and fell into
the bands of the Philistines, or rather, the
Southern Pacific, who towed her out of
the vasty deep. Then Mr. Huntington,
with characteristic good humor and good
judgment, claimed the unfortunate craft
as a generous reward for his disinterested
humanity.
The salvage suit is pending, the Monti
cello is running between this City and
Vallejo, and the Herald is, night and day,
camping on her trail. The two boats dock
at the same slip, near the foot of Mission
street, and every time the railroad steamer
lumbers into her landing the officers of the
Sound craft tremble. It would be so easy
to crush the little passenger steamer as she
lies at her moorings. A slisht error with
the helm and the opposition line to Vallejo
and Benicia would be under the bay. Ad
ding to this constant menace is the fact
that the Herald docks outside ol the Mon
ticello and manages to take up much of
the channel in the entrance to the slip.
"I have complained to the Southern
Pacific officials and to the Harbor Com
missioners," said Captain Hatch, owner of
j the Monticello, yesterday, "that the
Herald is permitted to swing with slack
towlines far out into the slip. Some
times only by the utmost caution can we
get by that boat and reach our landing.
Even now one can Bte a bole in the side of
the Monticello where the planking is
mashed. We struck the Herald yesterday
as we were trying to get around her stern.
There'll be a big smash-up in this slip. I
have more trouble, trying to avoid the
Herald, than with all the other boats on
the biy."
Yesterday morning the Herald found a
victim, though it was not an opposition
boat, but a sister craft, the big stern-wheel
steamer Modoc. The Herald camn plung
ing into the slip digging up tbe bay be
hind htr in great foam-covered surges.
She tried to check up, but the reversed
engine could not hold her, and she plowed
into the Modoc's wheel frame, cutting
deeply through the great timber*. Then
she backed out in time to bump her own
wheel frame against the Monticello, whicn
was just coming to the wharf. Then, with
two disabled boats for a morning catch to
her credit, the Herald tied up to her land
ing.
The steamer Farallon, which bumped
on the rocks at Little River a few days
ago, is on the drydock. Her false keel was
crushed near the bow and amidships it is
broken off completely. The bottom of the
vessel was broken in when she came down
on the rocks making extensive repairs
necessary.
Sold m Worthless Check.
Henry Bpear, a laborer, was arrested last
evening by Policemen Pushon and Purvis, at
tne instance of James Williams, proprietor of
a Broadway saloon, and detained at the Cali
fornia-street Police Station on a charge of ob
taining money under fuise pretenses. Spear is
charged with having drawn up a check on a
local Dank for $35, which was honored by the
complainant and proved to be worthless.
PLAN FOR MISSION PARK
Money Realized From a Portion
of the Buena Vista Tract
Would Buy a Site.
LIGHTS FOR GOIDEN GATE
Appropriations Will Be Requested to
Build the Grand Court Bandstand
and the New Bridge.
If the Park Commissioners can succeed
in inducing the Board of Supervisors to
make the appropriation they shall de
mand for the next fiscal year, they will
make many improvements which they be
lieve the people of this City need, and if
they can induce the Legislature to author
ize the City of San Francisco to dispose of
a portion of one of the parks under the
control of the Commissioners they will be
enabled to provide the people of the Mis-
sion district with what they are very
anxious to have, and that is a park of
dimensions commensurate with the needs
of the residents of that section of the
City.
"The people who live in the Mission dis
trict want a park," said President Austin
yesrerday, "and the Commissioners think
they ought to have it. They have nothing
but a small square, a very small one at
that, Garfield Square, I believe it is called,
while the people north of Market street
have Goiden Gate Park:, Buena Vista
Park, the Mountain Lake Park and the
Presidio, to say nothing of Washington
quare, Union Square, Jefferson Square,
Hamilton Square and others.
"In the next fiscal year the Commission
ers will ask for an appropriation for the
improvement of Buena Vista Park. This
is a tract of thirty-six acres, ana its only
value for a public park is its height and
the grand view to be obtained from the
summit, and if improved it would not be
visited by the very young or by the aged
on account of the heavy climb. My idea
is that the City, through the Commission
ers, should be empowered by the Legisla
ture to dispose of a portion of this tract of
land.
"What improvements do we contem
plate? At present only the laying out of
roads and walks. But, as I was saying, a
portion of that park should be sold. It is
too close to Golden Gate Park to make it
popular. Say that twenty-five acres in the
center be reserved and the remainder sold.
The price that the land would bring, for it
is a most magnificent site for residences,
would be sufficient to allow the Commis
sioners to acquire a convenient and hand
some site in the Missiou. It has been sug
gested that the two blocks that were used
for Jewish cemeteries would answer the
purpose, but I do not think so. The peo
ple who have homes in that district, and
there are many of them, certainly ought
to have a park nearer than Golden Gate
Park.
"The height of Buena Vista Park is 510
feet, and it could be made a capital site for
a reservoir if at any time the City should
own its own waterworks. A substantial
ornamental structure could be erected
there and on top of it an observatory could
be built. If not, then an observatory alone
might be erected on the reservoir site. As
a popular park it ia not desirable on
account of the lack of water. All the
water would have to be pumped up and
that would be a very heavy expense.
"Some years ago the Spring Valley
Water Company wanted to build a reser
voir on Buena Vista Park and wo were
willing to allow it to do so with this pro
viso, that it should furnish water to Gold
en Gate Park through a two-inch pipe, but
the company thought that was too much
to pay for the privilege, bo the project fell
through."
On the subject of appropriations for the
next fiscal year Mr. Austin said: "We do
not know what the Supervisors will allow
us, but we shall make a demand for suffi
cient to enable in to carry on tne work in
Golden Gate Park. We shall ask for
money to build the band-stand in the new
grand court ; money with which to light
up the park, for people demand it and say
they must have it, money for the im
provement of Buena Vista Park; money
to enable us to plant trees on the west Bide
of the ocean boulevard to serve as a wind
break and prevent the Bands from the
ocean being blown onto the drive and
money to build tbe monumental bridge
over the grand tunnel that has been con
structed under the main drive. We have
already received estimates for building
this and they range from $18,000 for soft
Btone to |30,000 for granite.
"That looks like a great deal of money,
but when the amount of work on it ia
taken into consideration, and that it is to
be built for all time, the citizens, I believe,
will be in favor of something that will be
attractive, substantial and worthy of the
City.
"As I said before, we have no idea as to
what appropriation will be made for the
park, but this Ido know, I have begged
for money to carry out improvements that
are needed, but I will beg no more. The
Commissioners will show what they re
quire, will depend upon the generosity of
the Supervisors, and make the best use
possible of what they will be allowed. Yes,
there is one thing we shall ask for, that is
loam. What we have secured has been
very beneficial, and we want more, much
of it."
TWO ELD-HEADED DUCKS.
Superintendent McLaren's Explanation
. " of Bow They Disappeared. \; '
"Of course you have noticed the wild
ducks that congregate yearly on Stow
Lake," said Superintendent McLaren.
"There wero two in particular," he con
tinued, 'two red-headed fellows that were
lame, so lame that they could hardly wad
dle, and their wings were broken. Well,
when the time came for the ducks to mi
grate they all went except those two red
heads.
"They looked rather lonely— these two
poor little beggars— among the awans and
the mudbens. Well, one afternoon we
were astonished to see an unusual num
ber of ducks on the lake at a time when
they ought to have been somewhere else,
but we were more astonished the next
morning to note that they had disap
peared. Not only were they gone, but ihe
lame red-headed ducks had also disap
peared.
"A search was made, but they could not
be found, and after several days we con
cluded that they went the same time the
visiting ducks left. Now, it is a well
known fact that a duck with a broken
wing cannot fly, and it was a matter of
mystery to me how the beggars got away,
and after thinking the matter over for
several days I came to the conclusion that
they were "carried away by the visitors.
"Of course that is only conjecture, and I
can only think that those visiting ducks
came back for the express purpose of re
moving their injured companions, and that
they did it, but how they did it is what
Duzzles me."
THE FRENCH SOCIETY.
Preparing for the Fall of the Baatile
Celebration.
Five members of the Societe Francaise
de Bienfaisance Mutuelle who were elected
committeemen some two or three weeks
ago resigned, and, in the general order of
things, an election was ordered to fill tbe
vacancies.
Saturday night the election took place,
and as there were onty two candidates to
till tbe live positions the election was de
layed until the 24tn inst. The two candi
dates whose names were presented were
A. Lartigau and D. Poiidon.
The general committee of the celebra
tion of the Fall of the Bastile will meet
next Friday night.
HUNTING FOR DAMAGES.
Jacob Fisher lAe* Down Before a Mar-
ket-Street Car.
Jacob Fisher, a common drunk and who
passes most of his time in the hands of the
police, attempted several times to work up
a damage case against the Market-street
Railway Company last Saturday evening.
He lay down before an approaching street
car several times for the purpose of getting
injured. "\Vheu hauled off tne track by
Police Officer J. Cook he said that he
wanted to get a leg cut off and then make
the company pay for It. He was booked at
the station on the charge of being a com
mon drunkard.
AT PARK AND BEACH
The Commissioners and Superin
tendent to Move Into the New
Lodge This Week.
Donations to the Museum— Tbe Ocean
Boulevard Finished— A Crowd at
Sutro's— Up in a Ba'loon.
This week the office of the Park Com
missioners will commence moving from
the quarters they have occupied for so
many years into the handsome new stone
lodge on the north of- the main drive, a
short distance from ' Stanyan street.
The new building, of California stone of
bluish tinge, covered with a red tile roof,
is a very attractive structure, with a front
age of 105 feet. On the ground floor, which
is reached by a broad flight of stairs, there
is the room for the Commissioners, one for
the secretary, one for Superindendent Mc-
Laren, and one for the draughtsmen, be
sides a fireproof vault and some small
rooms. : . .
The Commissioners' room is finished in
mahogany and the walls are covered with
leather instead of paper, making a very
pretty effect. The other rooms are all fin
ished in white oak.
The upper part of the building will be
the residence of the superintendent and it
is very commodiously. arranged for. this
purpose. The reception-room is finished in
cedar, the walls tinted, and the halls and
dining-room are tinised with polished oak.
The living-room is finished in California
redwood and cherry.
The pedestal of granite on which is to be
| placed the bust of General U. S. Grant is
almost ready, to receive the image of the
defender of this country. it has been put
opposite the entrance to the museum. -■' .:
During the week the following contribu
tions have been made to the Park Museum :
From John Malowanskv of this City a full
sized canoe called bidarka covered with
walrus skin, bpecimens of fishes from
Alaska, models of canoes and dog sleds
{ used by Alaska Indians, and a number of
| Indian images; from William W. Adams
I of Union Springs, N.Y., a number of In
dian relics found near Cayuga Lake, N.Y. ;
from L. K. Hagenkamp a picture of Los
Osos Mission, established in 1772, painted
on a sea shell.
" Gottlob & Friedlander have donated to
the park two Mongolian pheasants. ■
During the week the debris in the grand
court will be removed, and by next Sun
day it will give the visitors an idea of what
it will look like when finished. A force of
men will be _ set to work on the bicycle
track, and this will be pushed to com
pletion.
The tunnel under the main drive that
will be the passage from Fulton street to
the grand court is almost complete. It is
130 feet Ion?, the longest in the United
States, and the arch is the most symmet
rical ever built. This week the walks from
this tunnel will be staked out. -
Yesterday forenoon was delightful and
the park up .to. 11 o'clock was crowded
with people as it seldom has been before,
but in the afternoon when the atmosphere
was not so pleasant, the number of people
diminished very perceptibly.
At Sutro Baths there was one of the
largest audiences that ever gathered within
the big structure. The attraction was the
burning and wreck of the Republic, and
the rescue of her crew by the crew of the
Hoi lin wood. This was in the big tank,
two -good-sized models representing the
.vessels named. By the use of red fire a
fair imitation of the burning Republic was
produced. . . : ■ . ■ .
! The men remained by her and at the
pumps until her masts fell by the board
and they plunged into tne water and were
rescued by men from the other vessel, and
then the captain and his wife were taken
off in a small boat. The various maneu
vers and ; the rescues ; were greeted .with
cheers from thousands of throats.
: At the llaight-street grounds Miss Adair,
the elder of s the , Lida sisters; went up 'in
the new balloon, "The Chutes." This air
ship, the most beautiful in design that has
ever, been sent up in this City, was chris
tened by "Bubbles," the four-and-a-half
year-ola son of the aeronaut, who burst
open a bottle of ? wine and • scattered the
contents on the cloth and proclaimed the
name. ■■..:''-•■.': '•'"'."■■■. '' '■'■ '■ - ■'•■■..'■ " '■'- '■■* .".-■,
The ascent was very pretty and the
sphere soared high in tne air, but the cut
away knife did not work and the para
chute could not be detached, so the lady,
parachute and balloon '- came down on a
lanje willow : tree '■ at Webster street and
Golden Gate avenue. This was farther
from . the starting point : than any other
navigator of the air . ever went from , the
grounds.
— • » *
Fire In a Bakery.
An alarm wan turned in through box 293
last evening at 7:30 o'clock for a small blaze
In \V. Schabiague's bakery, at 114 Trenton
street. Apile'of wood drying in front of a
large range caught fire, ana before the flames
could be extinguished the building was dam
aged to the extent of about $-5.
THEOSOPHY AND WOMAN
Dr. Allen Griffith Acquiesces in
the Equal Suffrage
Movement.
THE HUMAN SOUL HAS NO SEX.
Students of the Occult Philosophy
Make No Distinction Between
Male and Female.
Dr. Allen Griffith, Pacific Coast lecturer
of the Theosophical Society in America,
was asked yesterday whether in his opin
ion the teachings of theosophy were op
posed in any way to woman's suffrage
statements to that effect having already
been made.
Dr. Jerome A. Anderson, in an inter
view in The Call of Saturday, declared
that the statements referred to were en
tirely erroneous; that the society had no
dogma whatever concerning the question
of woman's voting, but that its entire
philosophy, resting upon absolute justice,
recognized the injustice of taxing and gov
erning any sane person deprived by law of
voting, and that as in the nature of things
all souls were entirely sexless, therefore
theosophy regarded man and woman as
absolute equals.
In the main Dr. Griffiths agrees with
these conclusions, and holds that theos
ophy cannot be in any way opposed to the
equal suffrage movement. In reply to the
question put to him Dr. Griffith said :
There appears to be considerable misconcep
tion current as to theosophical teachings upon
sex and the relations, past and present, ex
isting between man arid woman. Now tbe
Theoßophica! Society has no creed, dogma or
belief upon any subject whatever, but is simp
ly a bod> of students searching for more light
upon all problems of life and human existence.
Theosophy is oniy another name for knowl
edge of the operation of law, of the finer forces
of nature, of the relation of the mind of man
to the mind of Deity, and of the relation of
man to man. Hence the theosophist is a
truth-seeker, and as truth is universal, he Is
concerned with all problems of human thought
and action.
The sex question is one of these problems,
and lies very near the basis of being in the hu
man and all kingdoms both above and below
man.
Everywhere throughout cosmos is perceived
what are known as the "Pairs of Opposltes.'"
Attraction and repulsion, heat and cold, up
and down, positive and negative, intellect and
intuition, masculine and feminine, are some
of them, and from tneir action and interaction
results the universe and its contents. Intel
lect and intuition symbolize the male and fe
male characteristics. Intellect concerns itself
with the external aspect of things. It gathers
data aud statistics about things, but does not
penetrate to the heart and know the soul re
siding in all forms. Intuition transcends the
trammels of matter, plunges out into unknown
realms and returns laden with knowledge not
otherwise attainable. Intellect and intuition,
masculine and feminine, are but the dual as
pects of the soul. The Soul, the Thinker, is
the nermanent principle in man which, though
incarnating many limes In many different hu
man bodies, itself endures forever.
The Thinker is neither male nor female, but,
potentially, both. This potentiality has to be
developed into active reality by actual expe
rience. This experience is afforded by the re
peated earth lives of each thinker. In ail
lower kingdoms of nature up through which
the thinker evolved were afforded and util
ized by it almost infinite opportunities. When
It reached the human stage of development
extended opportunities exist, among which is
the evolution of the latent potentialities of
sex. Hence, lo that eoti and others, the
thinker incarnates at different times on the
male and female lines. In no other way could
the thinker evolve. The relation of the sexes
now becomes more apparent. In each earth
life, on either the male or female line, some
wisdom is evolved which, at its close, is added
to the volume thus acquired in all past livps.
A given man or woman is thus an embodi
ment of the wisdom acquired through and by
individual experience in all past earth-lives.
Most men are too positive and self-assertive;
most women are too negative and dependent.
Neither are as yet well rounded aud balanced,
simply because both sides of the nature are
not equally developed. Future incarnations
will equalize tbe extremes of character. As a
result there will then no longer be men and
women such as now exist with respective
strongly marked characteristics, but will be
evolved a grander race. Pictures of the
Bnddbos and Chrlsts portray faces which are
neither dlntinctively male nor female. In
them is depicted the strength, vigor and re
pose of tue masculine character, softened and
tempered by the sweet tenderness of the true
feminine nature. These adepts were once
men like ourselves, and our race will later rise
to their creater height.
Man and woman are equal factors in the
scheme of the soul's evolution, and equal op
portunities are, in the course of many earth
lives, afforded both. Hence, as this process of
development proceeds, sex relations change
and expand. But the process does not widen,
but lessens the difference now existing and
brings men and women into closer relation* as
a result of the better understanding of that
law of universal brotherhood which binds all
humanity in indissoluble bonds. A common
ality of origin, of process, of development and
of possible goal, endows all creatures with the
right to give and to receive assistance at all
times from all sources. The differences ap
parently existing between men and women
are more in seeming than in reality. External
appearances are not always true indications of
internal conditions. Awaken the sleeping
feminine qualities of tbe man into artlvity.
arouse the dormant masculine potentialities
in the woman and the characters of both be
come amazingly alike.
This is being done in the every-day life and
intercourse ot the sexes, and will not only con
tinue but immensely increase and expand
woman's opportunities as it will man's, for it
is a law fixed by the eternal fitness ot things
that, "it is not good for man to be alone."
Man's real progress and true happiness abso
lutely depends upon his exerting himself to
help woman attain those conditions. It is a
current fallacy of the time that intellectual
man has ruled and led the race.
Not so. It was ever the woman, either
within or without himself, that urged the
warrior to grander deeds of valor; it was ever
a woman's whisper that inspired the artist,
the poet and the statesman; it was ever the
siren's voice that lured the adventuresome
voyager upon life's surging main to wrest
from the very heart of nature her arcane mys
teries.
LA SAN FRANCISCO FIESTA
Meeting at the Baldwin Hotel
To-Night to Consider
the Plan.
Representative Men Who Favor a
Big Festival in This City
Next Spring.
Creighton Thompson, the banker, has
returned from the fiesta at San Jose and
he is full of it.
"I speak knowingly," he said, "because
I have been to Santa Baroara, Lo<j Angeles,
and have taken a run up to Healchbarg
and there is nothing that can compare
with the San Jose affair."
Mr, Crei«hton Thompson is an enthusi
ast on the proposition that E. J. Baldwin
has put on foot. The idea is to have a
fiesta in this City some time next spring
and a meeting to consider ways and means
is to be held this evening at the Baldwin
Hotel.
John Bell, who was prominently cou
nected with the fiesta at Santa Barbara,
will be at the meeting. In speaking of the
affair he said:
"Santa Barbara was the first city to
start fiestas in this State. It proved a
success, and indicated a line that other
cities could follow for the good of the
State. As a matter of fact there is so
much good to be shown in this State that
I think it would be advisable for all the
counties and the cities where fiestas have
been held to join in one grand reunion, re
gardless of sectional pride, in San Fran
cisco, the metropolis of the State."
Manager Kirkpatrick of the Palace,
Major Hoooer of the Occidental, and the
executives at the other hotels of the City,
are hand and rlove with the proposition
presented by Mr. Baldwin. If the idea
meets with the approval of the public
these gentlemen propose to make such
rates that there will be no drawback in
that respect.
HEW TO-DAT-AMTJSEMEOTS.
rWtOLAfIOtR.6OrrLOO«o- it»c3A.m)nAnAouv
TO-NIGHT r?5i INS
SECOND AND I. AST WEEK OF
MORRISON'S • .
"FAUST!"
With Its Wonderful Scenic, Electric
and Calcium Effects. -
THE MARVELOUS "lIROCKES" SCE.\E
With Genuine Flashes of Lightning
and the Magic Rain of Fire. .
RESERVED SEATS— and 75c.
NEXT ATTRACTION, .
AMY LEE and FRANK DOANE
AL HAYHAN SCO'S THEATERS
 at the TIUST 7 JI6BTB
BALDWIN
EDDIE I THE STRANGE
cvw ADVENTURES
rUY J OF MISS BROWN
Management of Wit. A. AD V. '
EXTRA-MONDAY, MAY 18,
ADA REDAI and AUGUSTW BAITS
COMPANY.
Repertoire First Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday evenings and Saturday Matinee, "The
Countess GucKl." Thursday and Friday, "The Two
Escutcheens" Saturday night. "School For scan-
dal." Second Week— Five nights and Saturday
Matinee, "Midsummer Night's Dream." Saturday
night, •• The Last Word." Third Week—- Twelfth
Night," "The Hunchback,", The Honeymoon,'.
"The Taming of The Shrew." NOTE— Choice
scats will be given to subscribers who purchase
seats for every change of play. Subscribers' seats
now ready ami must bo called for to-day. Regular
sale of seals for th» entire three weeks will com-
mence Tuesday, May 12. Prices daring the
REHAN encasement will be spa, $ 1 50, $1 and 50
cents, according to location.
ATTHE r"j TO-NIGHT
I California ALL THE WEEK
PRIMROSE and WESTS
BIG MINSTRELS.
ENTIRE CHANGE FROM START TO
FINISH, INCLUDING THE . • >.
GRAND PRIZE CAKE WALK!
: .. so -COUPLES 50
Will Contest for Cash and Valuable Prizes.
All Local Talent Can Participate Free of Entry. .
Monday, May 18-HOYT'S
"A TRIP TO CHINATOWN
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
M as. Kbkbsthtb Krklin-s, Proprietor & Manager
TO-NIGHT '
— — — BRILLIANT REVIVAL
Of A über's Tuneful Romantic Opera, '
"FRA DIAVOLOi"
EVERY 'SUMBEA A GEM.
•—"■■■■"—' NEXT WEEK ■ ■
First Time in Operatic Form,
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN !"
A Great Scenic Production.
Popular Prices— and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROCCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Second Week of America's Leading Tragedian,
EDMUND K. COLLIER—
In the Great Melodrama, /
"THE CROSS ROiIDS OF LIFE"
SvKjrnr<» Psicm— 2s« and STa.
- family Circle and all err. 103. .
Csnal Matinee* Saturday ana Sanftnr.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell. .
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEKK
MAGNIFICENT NEW ATTRATIONS!
A Marvelous Bill Troughout! -
WOOD AND SHEPAKD,
FIELDj AND liKWIS.
JOHN W. RANSONE
And 14 Celebrated Artists.
Reserved seats, 250; Balcony, lOo; Opera outlet
and Box eeats. sOc. . . ■ . •-■-
::;•• MACDONOUGH THEATER T
(Oakland.)
Two Nights, Beginning; To-night (flonday),
EXUAGKMKNT KXTRAORDIXARY.
RICHARD MANSFIELD
And his New York Gafrlck Theater Co.
Monday Evening— "Beau Bhummicll." ' •
Tuesday Evening— "Dr. Jkvi.laxii Mr. Htm,"
. . Choice seats and boxes now on sale. . „
TROPICAL FAIRY PALACE. 1
BTJTH.O A T 3HC SI
WOSDKKFUL IrltKE MUSEUM!
Largest Swimming Tank In the .World.
PURE SEA WATER.
Experienced Swimming Teachers . ..
From European Colleges.
GENERAL. ADMISSION: j
ADULTS 10c. CHILDREN sc.'
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE
OP ART, '
Cor. California and Mason streets. :
The Annual Spring: Exhibition, ., ..
Including the James D. Phelnn prize painting and
140 examples in oil and water colors by resident
artists, also 15 examples in plastic art, is now
open daily from 9a. m, to 5 p. m., including Bun-
days.' Organ Recitals Sunday afternoons from 2
to 4.: Admission 25c
Concerts .Every Thursday.- Evening.
Admission sOc. . ,/ •
DID YOU SEE "CHUTES?"
mat ING THK EXTENSIVE :
IMPROVEMENTS ON THE GROUNDS
THE CH O M. 1 JiSSt ■
Will Be Opened Only on .SATURDAYS AND SUN-
DaYS Till Further Notice.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
'.Ingleaide Track). '
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
. (RAIN OB SHINE.) * ,
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. JT.
ADMISSION 91.00. >
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Tow*
; send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:13 p. it .
Fare I for. round trip. Including admission to grand
stand, $1. ' Take Mission-street electric lino direot ■
to track. V :J'^ '•* - : -' - J . '■■ \'^/.'^' {':?
A. B. SPRKCKELa W. a LEAKB, i
: vjji ITesideat. - ■ Secretary .
78
CALIFORNIA ODD FELLOWS
The Grand Lodge of the State
to Meet in Annual Session
on Tuesday.
WAR BOYS FOR GRAND MASTER.
A List of Representatives From Three
Hundred and Eighty-Six Sub
ordinate Lodges.
The Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows of the
State of California will convene in Odd
Fellows 1 Hall in this City in forty-fourth
annual session on Tuesday next and it
will be in session for several days.
There will be representatives from 386
lodges and these will be called upon to
legislate upon a great many matters that
will be brought ud. There will be the
annual election of grand officers and the
coming grand master, who will succeed P.
F. Gosbey, is J. W. Warboys of Santa
Rosa, at present deputy grand master.
The report of the grand master will
show that the order at this time is in a
prosperous condition, numerically and
financially. A number of lodges that did
not keep up have been stricken from the
roll.
The present grand officers are : P. F.
Gosbey, grand masier; J. W. Warboys,
deputy grand master; A. |M. Drew, grand
warden ; George T. Shaw, grand secretary ;
Moses Greenebaum, grand treasurer; J. F.
Thompson, grand representative; James
G. Maguire, grand representative; C. O.
Burton, grand trustee; C. W. Moulthrop,
grand trustee ; John Glasson, grand trus
tee: A. F. Hitchcock, grand chaplain;
6. E. MorelancL, grand marshal; J. C. Gir
der, grand conductor; E. P. Rich, grand
guardian ; M. P. Forbes, grand herald.
The representatives to the Grand Loage
are:
California Lodge No. I— R, L. Anderson, D.
L. Steele, J. A. Steete, A. W. Scott.
Sacramento No. 2— C. W. Baker, T. C. Brome,
J. F. Fitzgerald, George H. Jost.
San Francisco No. 3— W. B. Joyce, J. H. Simp
son, Martin Stevens.
Eureka No. 4— Thomas J. Hesson, Isadore
Magray, Samuel B. Smith.
Yuba No. s— William G. Murphy.
Charity No. 6— JohJi Jackson, E. T. Knowles,
W. H. Lorenz, M. S. Thresher, W. E. Williams,
W. H. Woodbridge.
Auburn No. 7— C. A. Johnson, Robert Waugh.
El Dorado No. B— P. Barnes, George T. Boyd,
Edmund Ellis, E. C. Roeder, H. P. G. Wulff.
Diamond Springe No. 9— J. J. Byrnes.
Sonora No. 10— W. W. Eastman, T. F. Me-
Govern, J. W. Mills.
Stockton No. 11— Karl C. Brueck, G. W. Gal
lup, E. S. Van Pelt, James Vassalo.
Grass Valley No. 12— John Glasson, J. J.
Hos-kinp, John Martin, John Pascoe.
Harmony No. 13— Joseph Mysel), Adelbert
Pauba, Charles Quast.
Mountain No. 14— E. Palifka.
Yerba Buena No. 15— L. L. Alexander, U. S.
6. Clifford, R. H.Lloyd, Davis Louderback, F.
J. Smithson, C. A. Wise well, F. D. Worth.
Oustomah No. 16— W. F. Englebright, George
A. Giay, A. R. Lord, Charles Mnlloy.
Templar No. 17— Sheldon G. Kellogg, Fritz
B. Sellman, Chnries Sumner.
Napa No. 18— Charles Herzog Jr., Robert
Nixon.
Yreka No. 19 .
Morning Star No. 20— A. a Bosquit, A. A. Gig
nac, Charles A. Swisler.
Tuolumne No. 21 .
Solano No. 22— R. M. Horton, Charles Spal
ding.
Observatory No. 23— George Callahan, W. W.
King, G. W. Welch.
Sierra No. 24— John Woessner.
Volcano No. 25— Joseph Lagomassino.
Mountain Rose No. 26-^. H. Crowell.
Coloma No. 27— Noah Fields.
Sonoma No. 28— F. Balls.
Magnolia No. 29— Robert Cleary, William
Dunlap, J. K. Phillips, Samuel Polack, Marcus
Rosen thai.
Petaluma No. 30; .
Suiter Creek No. 31— Herman Lehmann,
William Trelease.
Forest City No. 32— John W. Phillips.
Hope No. 33 .
San Jose No. 34— T. W. Carroll, A. Phillips.
Los Angeles No. 35— James Ashman, R. K.
McCreery, Ancll Stump, Charles H. Tate.
Jackson No. 36— W. E. Kent, J. P. Thomas.
Memento No. 37— Nathan Wentworth.
Placer No. 38— F. W. Watts.
Mariposa No. 39 — Charles A. Schlagertis.
Columbia No. 40— Fred P. Fischer.
Klamath No. 41 — Cassimer B. Kustell,
Morning Light No. 42— R. P. McGlincy.
San Pablo No. 43— William Likins, Allan
McLean, H. D. Richardson.
Mokelumne No. 44— Charles Jacob, George
Keltou.
Oriental No. 45 — A. H. Alderman, C. A.
Barnes, John Ruff.
Brooklyn No. 46— W. F. King.
Bidwell No. 47 .
Union No. 48— Mass Peterson.
Hecker No. 49— Frank. A. Ringel.
San Andreas No. 50 .
lone No. 51— George F. Mack, P. A. McMurry.
Santa Clara No. 52— Harry A. Lillick, Samuel
Oberdeener, J. H. Wear.
Santa Rosa No. 53 — George Connor, J.
Bchmidli, William Shaw, J. W. Warboys.
Mistletoe No. 54— William H. Booth.
Truth No. 55— J. C. Girder. B. E. Gilinare, M.
I. Home, M. H. Kingsbury, C. B. Smith, J. P.
Spooler.
Shasta No. 57— Charles H. Beherns.
Mount Horeb No. 58— J. A. Wagner.
| Oroville No. 59— A. F. Jones, Joe Marks.
North Star No. 61— Robert L. Carter, Theo E.
Jones.
Granite No. 62— L. W. Hollingsworth.
Cosumnes No. 63— J. D. Maxwell.
Healdsburg No. <i4 — E. L. Montgomery.
La Fayette No. 65 .
Campo Seco No. 66— Alex Brown.
San Juan No. 67— E. C. Fisher.
Bay City No. 71— A. Block, William Cline,
Thomas Elam, J. Greenebaum, T. P. Wood
ward.
Covenant No. 73— J. F. West.
Franklin No. 74— George Zuerrer.
French Gulch No. 75— T. F. Murray.
Red Bluff No. 76— George Cocking, M. G. Gill
C. R. Mayhew.
Humboldt No. 77— J. J. de Haven, J P
Haynes, W. H. Rowell, Henry Sevier, Wiliiam
Wallace.
Buisun No. 78— A. J. Buckles, F. B. Warner
Telegraph No. 79-S. K. Davis.
Alxuras No. 80— Charles W. Hendel.
Olive No. 81— William Nicholls Jr., John
Wedgwood.
Mountain Brow No. 82— W. H. Ogden
Vacaville No. 83— Raleigh Barcar,' T H
Buckingham.
Comet No. 84 .
Anniversary No. 85— J. H. Bloemer, A. W
Ericson, E. Parker.
£hnron No. 86— Enos F. Floyd.
Capitol No. 87— Richmond Davis, Edward
Gf-rrish, Nicholas Harvie, John F. Spencer
William A. Stuphenson, W. H. Wright.
Plumps No. 88— c harles R. Thompson.
Pajaro No. 90— Peter Anderson, William de
Hart, William Henderson, L. D. Holbrook
Stephen N. Wyckoff.
Cherokee No. 92— John Bloom.
Crusade No. 93— 0. J. Emery.
Four Creeks No. 94— George F. Bealen, Jacob
C. Williams.
Farnsworth N0. 95 — George H. Morrison.
Branciiorte No. 90— M. Besse, C. A. Bristoe
J. 8. Collins, C. D. Henkle, E. M. Silvey.
Yosemite No. 97— Charles P. Hall.
Jefferson No. (18— J. W. Oivings.
Honiltns No. 99 .
Butter No. 100— A. C. Stagner, John Btinson.
Marion No. 101 .
Scio No. 102— L. A. Gremon.
Coulterville No. 104— Louis Repetto.
Schiller No. 105— Paul Graf, Simon Morris,
Benjamin Schwartz.
Mineral No. 106 .
Valley No. 107— Jonn Christlanson, F. R.
Elder.
Jlay View No. 109— Joseph J. Bullock, Ben
jamin A. Rankin, Hhttv J. TriboleL
Oao No. 110— J. B. Tra'bucco.
Woodland No. m_H. C. Howard, N. B. La
Brie, J. L. Patterson.
Abou Ben Ad hem No. 112— J. E. Coffer, M. P.
Forbes, H. B. Hall, J. F. Kennedy.
Chico No. 113— O. L Clurk, M. L. Mery
Mission Peak No. 114— George H. Clark,
Simeon E. Stivers.
Fort Jones No. 115— J. A. Walker, J. W.
Wheeler.
Germania No. 116— G. C. P. Franck, Nicolaus
Herse, Emil Niemeier.
Pacheco No. 117— M. B. Martin.
Oakland No. I}B— J. L. Brown, H. M. Hart
stone, John McVey.O. F. Welling.
Webster No. 11U .
Wiilow No. 121— Thoraa* Maxwell.
Concordia No. 122— Dledrich Becker, John
Hilliiiftn, Hermnnn I>. Meyer, H. F. SchiichUng
Apollo No. 123- M. M. EflUe, William M.
McCcllister, W. F. Norcross, E. J. Sthmeider.
Parker No. 124— Herman Katterhorn, James
F. Nichols, Charles H. Reese.
Spartan No. 125— David B. Todd.
fcamitritan No. 126 .
GRAND MASTER P. P. GOSBEY.
[From a photograph by D. SewelL]
Sycamore No. 129— John E. Crooks. Soren
Madsen.
Clear Lake No. 130— F. B. Simmons.
Unity No. 131— William H. Barnes, Frank P.
Duley, Stillman C. Spinney.
Colfax No. 132— Jonn M. Newman.
Colusa No. 133— W. D. Cook, George W. Ward.
Progressive No. 134— William Ennis.
Silver Star No. 135— Isaac Knoch.
Indian Valley No. 136— Eugene Cook.
Soquel No. 137— J. D. Espy, G. W. Paules.
Bohen No. 138— J. P. Sylva.
Gold Kun No. 139 .
Mountain Vale No. 140— Jacob Annis.
Millville No. 141— Thomas J. Simpson.
Garden City, No. 142— A. C. Bates. C. A.
Bothwell, J. E. Harris, A. P. Murgotten, A. C.
Shoup, C. H. Simonds.
Ocean View No. 143— James Beulah.
University No. 144— Fred Sinclain, D. A.
Sinclair, A. D. Smith, A. S. Ward, F. D. Voor
hies.
Herman No. 145— Isaac Lustic.
San Bnrnardino No. 146— John William
Ber.ver, Edmund E. Katz.
San Lorenzo No. 147— F. E. Burns, L. S. Har
inon, R. C. Kirby, J. E. Murphy, H. R. Place,
A. P. Swanton.
Havilah No. 148— Alvin Fay.
Wildey No. 149— W. E. Daunt, W. K. McMul
len, George Perley.
Friendship No. 150— John Francis.
San Joaquin No. 151— H. W. Baker.
San Diego No. 153— William A. Julian, Wil
liam J. KirKwood, Samuel F. Smith.
Gilroy No. 154-H. T. Mayock, L. A. White
hurst.
Pacific No. 155— John Thompson, E. B.
Cooper, P. H. Meyer.
Santa Barbara No. 156— F. A. Blake Jr. , Louis
Chauvill.
Industrial No. 157— George Bock, A. N. Bul
lock, George B. Dean, G. F. Dickenson, C. O.
Reeves, J. L. Roblnette.
Independence No. 158 — Allen H. McCarty.
San Benito No. 159— George S. Tremaiue.
Golden Rule No. 160— Benjamin T. Gove, W.
P. Schlosse.
Evergreen No. 161— J. F. R. Janssen.
Dormer No. 162— D. W. Leach, C. A. Ocker.
Aiisal No. 163— Frederick W. Jansen, George
S. Miller.
Enclnal No. 164— G. G. Kneppler, J. H.
Young.
Golden Star No. 165— W. J. Granfell, T. A.
Mason.
Mound No. 166— J. R. Grubb, Hiram Pond,
R. Shaw.
St. Helena No. 167— G. P. Benvie, G. P.
Skoog.
Chorro No. 168— G. A. McCabe.
Yolo No. 169— Eli Snider.
Stanislaus No. 170— F. G. Morrison.
Ophir No. 171— W. A. Noffslnger, John Wald
ron.
Montezuma No. 172— T. B. Duke, James
Prßther.
Lupyoma No. 173— Jacob A. Kelthley.
Ukinh No. 174— F. C. Handy. L. S. Sullivan.
Sumner Ko. 177— Martin Lammers, C. E.
Rosin i.
Alii mania No. 178— H. M. Stammer.
Occidental No. 179— Theodore N. Clough,
David Newell.
Rio Vista No. 180 .
Hesperian No. 181 .
Monterey No. 182— Ernest Michaelia-
Etna No. 184— Marcus J. Isaacs.
Yuba City No. 185— A. C. McLaughlin, H. H.
Schutz.
Fresno No. 186— E. M. Bishop, Hiram Ford,
H. Graff.
Fri'donia No. 188— John Toland.
Orion No. 189— O. Whipple. C. W. Wilkins.
Bloomfield No. 191— L. A. Lefebvre.
Maytield No. 192— Peter Melnness.
Cloverdale No. 193— Simon Pinshower.
Cosmopolitan No. 194— A. J. deary, A. H.
Cousin, J. J. Loggie.
Nietos No. 19?— I). F. Woods.
Fountain No. 198— J. B. Tallman, David
Tisch, F. E. Whitney.
Anaheim No. 199— A. M. Williams.
Marin No. 200— Albert N. Boyen, Paul H.
Kckelmann.
Ventura No. 201— A. 8. Kenagy, P. Charley.
boi«.
Kern No. 202— John P. Hansen.
Roseville No. 203— W. F. Butler.
Golden Gate No. 204— J. E. Jarrett, M. C.
Lasky, G. J. Strong.
Alta No. 205— F. G. Baird, Philip Hammond,
J. H. Pool, J. C. Skinner.
Cahto No. 206— C. A. Irvine.
Franco-American No. 207— A. L. Aura.lou, P.
Bigue, R. Chartrey, J. Godeau, A. Liebert.
Merced No. 208— George W. Laudett, James
Leonard, L. J. C. Wegner.
Welcome No. 209— A. W. Baker.
Eel River No. 210— William G. Dunuigan A
A. Lamb.
Meridian No. 212— W. M. Elliott.
Stellar No. 213— A. N. Copsey, G. W. Jarvis
T. J. Richards.
Elmira No. 214— James McCrory.
Osccola No. 215— W. C. Lindsay.
Golden State No. 216— G. W. Bassford, Donald
Munroe, C. H. Pope.
Stony Creek No. 218— Sebastian Weimer.
Livermore No. 219— N. D. Dutcher. C. C
Wilder.
Ferndale No. 220— M. Bagbee.
Fortuna No. 221— L. M. Burnell, J. L. Crich
ton, L. J. Marshall, D. P. Simpson.
Fidelity No. 222— A. J. Deihling, J. H. Han
son. E. A. Hermann, J. H. Lane, T. R. Morse
W. W. Watson.
Honey Lake No. 223— Albert Bromby.
Laguna No. 224— Marco Barca.
Pescadero No. 226— E. A. Shaw.
Calistoga No. 227 .
Oakdal« No. 228 .
Central No. 229 .
Capay No. 230— Ed F. H&swell.
San Leandro No. 231— Robert G. Morgan
Channel City No. 232— Joseph R. Granger.
George R. Senter.
Tomales No. 233— F. F. Piank.
Salmon Creek No. 234— Hardin Cheuoweth
Santa Ana No. 236— R. J. Elliot, C McNeill
J. W. Morrison, W. B. Tedford.
Orpheus No. 237— Fred Capp. Fred J. Moll Jr.
True Fellowship No. 238— M. Beattie, W. W
MrKee.
Pnoenix No. 239— W. B. Sawyer.
Garcia No. 240— P. Ferdinandson.
Upper Lake No. 241— W. H. Woodard.
Franco-Italian No. 242— P. M. Portal.
Mountain View No. 244— F. P. Beverly.
Pomona No. 246— N. P. Johnson, G. A. Steffi.
Centennial No. 247— George S. Raycroft.
Lompoc No. 248 .
(Y-rlarville No. 240— R. H. Stanley.
HydesviWe No. 250— Ellsworth Hyatt, G. O
Johnson.
Kernville No. 251— R. H. Evans.
Greenville No. 252 .
Harbor No. 253— Charles T. Johns, Walter L.
Garner, Chanes F. Htrlitz.
Anderson 254— H. L. Bishop.
I'leasanton No. 2~>s— James W. Hortengtine
River No. 250—
.Morse No. 257— C. H. Cordes, William A.
Farrell, Linio Giorgi, F. M. Glazier.
Arroyo Grande No. 258— R. English.
Lodi, No. 259 .
Plymouth, No. Lawrence Burke.
Prir.ceton, No. 261— Charles R. Hoessli.
Stepter, No. 262— Stephen Thomas.
Evt'uing star, No. 263— Joseph Henderson.
Hanford, No. 264— lustin Jacobs, Davis A
Wood.
San Mateo.No.26s— William P. Jenkins.
•jraud Island, No. 86tt— Bdwtn Harrison.
North hutte, No. 267— George Clymes.
Buena Vista, No. 268— Charles Granler.
Pleasant Grove, No. 269— Fred B. Noyes.
Berkeley, No. 270— Robert Greig, J. w.
Btriker.
R ( dding, No. 271— J. W. Fitzpatrick, W. P.
McKean.
Porter No. 272— Charles N. Fox, Jesse A.
Jacknon, Albert Orismore.
Adin No. 273-J. Eugene Nlles.
Elk Grove No. 274— Jesie M. Derr, George L
Hunt.
Myrtle No. 275— Frank J. Weiss.
Fraternal No. 27G— John H. Foster, J. W.
Rowling.
Little Lake No. 277 .
Modoc No. 278— Joiin E. Raker.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 11, 1896.
Bodie No. 27fl— S. B. Burkham.
Reawood Ko. 281— H. L. Bagley. D. B. Peui?h
Riverside No. 282— Ed Lacey, W. W. Pbelps.
Brownsville No. '.283.
Birds Landing No. 284— Julian B. Hoyt.
Western Addition No. 285— L. T. Fenn, M. T.
Moses.
Big Valley No. 286— Myron J. Ayres.
Madison Xo. 587— A. Haines.
Elliott No. 288— \V. T. Cook.
Monroe No. 289— Thomas E. O'Brien, Isadore
J. Proulx.
Token No. 290— T. W. l>uckworth, A. 8. Mit
tier, Walter A. Shay.
Morilla No. 291— A. J. Moore.
Mohawk No. 292
Grafton No. 293— Hugh B. heard.
Ridgley No. 294— W. H. Cutter, B. F. Robert
son.
Karmington No. 296— -.-.-■
Martinez No. 297— George B. Rawson.
Enterprise No. 298— J. H. Kitchen, J. 8. Nais
mith.
West Point No. 299— J. R. Smith.
CayucosNo. 30O— L. D. Bartholomew.
Inyo No. 301 .
Santa Maria No. 302— C. U. Armstrong.
Foil River No. 304— Fred Florin.
Corning No. 305— W, Hart.
Tulare City No. 306 .
Camptonvillp No. 307 .
Star of Hope No. 308 .
Selma No. 309— A. E. Hursh.
Exceisior No. 310- William J. Burt.
Durham No. 311 — J." M. Ncwm.
Sheridan No. 312— John Richer.
Vorwarls No. 313 .
Santa Paula No. 314— W. D. L. Todd.
Oro No. 315— Enos M. Gwin.
Spring Valley No. 316— C. B. Morrison.
Tustin, Orange County, Cal.
To the Editor of The Call :
Dear Sir — I have just learned that your paper has come out in favor and support of
woman suffrage, and I want to add my "mite" to the thanks you must be receiving from the
women of the whole Nation. I believe many other great newspapers of the country are really
in favor of the movement, but they haven't the courage to come out and say so plainly, and
because our cause is still so unpopular with many I admire the more the stand you have
taken for simple justice. It can be nothing but a benefit to The Call.
Again thanking you, I am*very truly yours,
May 6, 1896. Mary Emerson Haskins.
Foothill No. 317— George N. Bowers.
Dunnigan No. 318— Jasper N. Decker.
Covelo No. 319— G. R. Redwine.
Forestville No. 320— J. R. Thomas.
Newviile No. 321— Fred L. Oaken.
Golden West No. 322— Robert C. Black, W. H.
Manuell, Fred R. Parker.
Goodwill No. 353— Walter A. Bonynge, John
A. Donnelly.
Pasadena No. 324— G. H. Bundel, George F.
Schmidt.
Eabt Side No. 325-G. W. Stockwell, G. F.
Taylor.
Colton No. 326— D. C. Swartz.
Madera No. 327— Henry Giles.
Sunst- 1 No. 328— C. D. Knox, J. H. Murray,
Charles Rurpenthal.
( rorkett No. 329— John Edwards, George U.
Hodgkins.
Monrovia No. 330- L. M. Valentine.
Bisnop Creek No. 332— Robert O'Neal.
Lake No. 333 — Abraham Worms.
Presidio, No. 334— 5. F. Davidson, J. P.
Finard, W. H. Sb&rp.
Byron, No. 335— F. Rahmstorf.
Olive Branch, No. 336— George G. Rosi.
Rocklin. No. 337 .
National City, No. 338— W illlam Franks.
Fallbrook, No 339— W. E. Cram-.
Nacimieuto, No. 340— Charles J. Cooper.
Redlands, No. 341 .
Mount Whitney, No. 342— Emery Barris.
Central California, No. 343— J. C. Dressell, J.
Hamilton.
Escondido, No. 344— A. K. Cravatb.
Ontario, No. 345— George R. Graves, Theo. 8.
Knolcs.
Ocennside No. 346— John Schnyler.
Blue Lake No. 347 — Charles Duvander, J. L.
Noe.
EmbarCftdero No. 348 — Karl Btrnnisen.
Castle Rock No. 349— George C. Scholes.
Santa Lucia No. 350— James H. Findiey.
Lukeport No. 351— A. E. Norris.
Templeton No. 352 .
Woodville No. 353— Henry H. Harris.
Oristemba No. 354 .
Clements No. 355— Leo Friedberger.
Delano No. 356 .
Scaudia No. 357 — August Swenson.
Ban Bernabe No. 358— W. B. Weiler.
Porterville No. 359— E. W. Beebe.
Fort Bragg No. 360-William W. Miller.
Maxwell No. 361— J. A. Constable.
Pico Heights No. 362— C. M. Chester.
Fowler No. 363— Edwin Gower.
Florin No. 364— F. T. Robinson.
San Fernando No. 365— E. L. Brown.
Citrus No. 367 .
Sargtnt No. 368— George W. Dixon, Alexan
der Hay.
Seaside No. 369— R. R. Tanner.
Bißkiyou No. 370 .
Semi-Tropic No. 371— D. D. Deeds, B. E.
Overholtzer, H. Y. Quackenbush.
Gabilan No. 372— H. J. Sommers.
Chino No. 373— Marshall E. Anderson.
Mount Campbell No. 374— William N. Stout.
Sanger No. 375 .
Wulnut Grove No. 376— Jacob J. Naglc.
Circle No. 377 -.
Danville No. 378— F. B. More.
Active No. 379— W. B. Alford.
Onward No. 380 .
Dinuba No. 381 .
Niles No. 382— C. B. Overacker.
San Jacinto No. 383— L. R. Wright.
Elmhurst No. 384— E. Hoernt.
America No. 385— L. 8. Butler, William 8.
Frost, G. F. Lawrence, C. P. Lyndull, Lee W.
Wells.
Bridgeport No. 386 .
SUCCO RINS THE LIVING.
Benefit for Families or Dead Italian
Soldiers.
The Bush-street Theater was crowded to
the doors latt night with a fashionable
Italian audience assembled to witness an
amateur presentation of the stirring
drama, "The- Keeper of the Falcon of
Pietra Ardina." The entertainment was
for the benefit of tbe wives and families of
Italian soldiers killed in the recent Abys
sinian campaign. The play was well
staged, the amateurs acquitting them
selves handsomeiy.
Father Yorke to Lecture.
The fifth and last lecture of the coarse
under the auspices of tbe American Women's
Liberal League will be delivered by Rev.
Father Yorke to-morrow, Tuesday evening, in
Metropolitan Temple. The subject of this
lecture will be, "The Noontide of Freedom."
Tickets and reserved seats may be procured at
the headquarters of the League, room 6, Dono
hoe building, corner Market- and Taylor
streets, and at the box office in the Metropoli
tan Temple on Tuesday during the day and
evening.
REV. ANNA SHAW
IN THE PULPIT
A Service of Praise Ends
the Woman's Con
gress.
CROWDS ARE PRESENT.
Excellent Programme of Classic
and Popular Sacred
Music.
BYNOPBIB OF THE BERMON.
The Lady Preacher Predicts the
Happy Advent of a New Order
of Things.
Save that she wore no veil, the Rev.
Anna Shaw looked like pome medieval
lady abbess just from her cloistered cell or
abbey throne as she stepped forward last
night, amid garlands of snow-white bloom,
lo conduct the religious service of praise,
which was the formal termination of the
Woman's Congress,
In a graceful, flowing habit of black
nun's veiling, relieved at the neck and
wrißts by glimpses of white lawn, the
reverend lady was every inch a preacher,
while her coronet of silvery hair gave her
a majesty and dignity altogether queenly.
A burst of applause greeted her appear
ance; but as she was present not to please
the public, but to preside at a devotional
exercise, she gave no answering smile and
bow, but took her seat for a few moments,
in order to give late comers a chance to ar
rive before the service should commence.
Native Sons' Hall, the scene of the con
gress, was crowded to the doors and be
yond the doors out to the street, while
many who would have remained were
forced to leave owing to the lack of room.
The service opened with the singing of
tne hymn, "Come, Thou Almighty King,''
by the vast congregation, with piano and
orpan accompaniment. There was some
thing grand and imposing in the deep
volume of harmony welling forth from
FOR SIMPLE JUSTICE
2000 throats, and some, perhaps, whose
voices had not for years been raised in ac
cents of praise joiued heartily in tbe sing
ing.
A very brief invocation was then made
by the reverend lady, calling for the divine
assistance and presence in words replete
with deep religious fervor.
The '"Amen' being said, the festal notes
of the ancient "Adeste Fideles 1 ' resounded
through the hall, the music of the old
Christmas hymn being sot to an English
versified translation of the Psalm, "The
Lord is my shepherd."
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper led in prayer. In
the course of her petition she returned
thanks for the success of the Woman's
Congress, of which the evening's service
was a termination. She also entreated for
the movement itself the constant aid of
divine guidance and help.
Mrs. A. M. Brune next pave a very artis
tic rendering of the soprano solo "I Will
Extol Thee, O Lord," Irom Sir Michael
Costa' s oratorio of "E!i," with organ ac
companiment by J. Hamilton Howe and
piano obligato by Mrs. Johnson-Satchel
der. The young lady's singing was evi
dently appreciated, though the congrega
tion had the good taste not to applaud.
A collection was taken up for the pur
pote of defraying the expenses attendant
upon the congress, during which Miss
Xenia Roberts sang Holden's beautiful
contralto solo, "Tbou Art Near." Her
voice seemed peculiarly suited to the
hymn, wiiich she gave with rare expres
sion, her deep, hell-like lower tones being
particularly noticeable for their purity
and resonance.
All present joined in the singing of
"America," after which Miss Shaw ad
vanced to a temporary pulpit, emoowered
in white roses and tit. Joseph lilies, and
announced her text:
"Loose thyself from the bands of thy
neck, Oh captive daughter of Zion," taken
from the second verse of the nfty-second
chapter of Isaiah's prophecy.
"During the past week," she said, "we
have seen the aspirations of discouraged
hearts; we have henrd the cold, cutting
shafts of science and the crushing dicta of
certain schools of theology to the effect
that woman is to be suppressed. These
merciless, oppressive ideas were until
lately considered the only right ones.
The ureat in church and State accepted
them as true beyond all necessity of
proof.
"But in these latter days we are seeing a
wonderful evolution in womanhood. The
captive daughter of Zion is commencing to
turn with disgust, loathing and horror from
the chains which she is casting off. vVhen
I was in Utah a lady asked me if it were not
possible that God had revealed polygamy
to David, to Solomon and to Joseph Smith.
'No,' 1 answered, 'an angel from nea/en
could never make me believe that God had
ever revealed or encouraged polygamy or
any other form of slavery. It was, indeed,
suggested to David and Solomon, as also
to Joseoh Smith, but not by God. The
devil, ihe prince of darkness, the spirit of
all evil, was the only one who revealed it
to any one.'
"Science has taken woman and dissected
her with about as much gentleness, deli
cacy and decency as would be employed
in the dissection of a clam. The result of
their dissections has caused men of science
to formulate a decision to the effect that
woman is a very inferior being barely de
serving of a place in the ranks of rational
GEORGE T. SHAW, GRAND SECRETARY.
beings. But, my man of science, your
work is not yet done.
•'ln the name of the god of justice I call
upon you to take up your scalpel again
and to carve out for me that woman's
soul. When you have done so, analyze
that soul and show to me in what it differs
from the soul of man.
"It is better to be true to the truth than
true to tradition. The truth is breaking
in upon the soul of woman, and is even
now setting her free. She must advance.
The work is not of her doing. And even
though she be obliged, in entering the
path of progress, to cast aside the molder
ing traditions of the past, truth tells her
that if traditions are to be maintained
woman must be crushed by them. Woman
will not submit to being crushed by tra
ditions, so traditions must be cast to tne
winds.
"It is said the churches are hard upon
women. Yet women constitute fully three
fourths of the church members. How
strange it is then, that a great Methodist
convention should be convulsed and di
vided as to the admission of women to its
sessions. It is time, my dear friends, for
the captive Daughter of Zion to have done
with her attitude of meek submission, and
robe herself with tbe queenly raiment of
dignified self assertion.
"Now, we believe in the faith that saves;
bnt we have a right— every right, and
every reason — to believe in the doubt that
saves. If lam told by my spiritual guide
to stifle all ths nobler aspirations of my
soul, I will ask why. If my political guide
tells me that I can never hope to have a
voice in the framing of the laws which gov
ern me. I demand why. Why should I
not take up the burdens of life? Why
should I be precluded from the lights, the
honors and the liberties of a human
being? These questions are symptoms of
the doubt which saves.
"Last week a woman came to me, her
face haggard with corroding pain and her
eye? heavy with unshed tears. She told
me she had been robbed of a dear daugh
ter, whose budding womanhood had been
blasted and whose hopes, humanly speak
ing, had Been crushed. Why, I ask, why,
in heaven's name, cannot that mother
have a chance to aid in framing laws to
take the place of the infamous statutes
which at present leave her without a
remedy? The answer is easy. Man dops
not wish it. Every man knows that the
will of man is the will of God.
"But let us trust in God. In the sacred
privacy of our devotions let U8 prostrate
ourselves in spirit before the divine
majesty of our loving Father. God will
clear away our doubts and fears. He will
shoulder our burdens and show us the
way. If woman is to advance she must
keep her face ever turned toward the
source of light and wisdom. She can
never progress if she forsakes or outgrows
her early childlike faith in the goodness
of God.
"Christ said: 'And I, if I be lifted up,
will draw all men up to me.' The woman
who strives to live and advance in tbe
light of the divine presence may say: 'If
I be lifted up from the miseries and bonds
of the present age, I will draw the world
up with me.'
"Oh, if each woman here would only
strive to make good use of the graces and
opportunities which are vouchsafed to her,
what an advance would be made toward
the evolution of a higher, purer and nobler
humanity.
"Oh, daughter of Jerusalem, raise the
yoke from thy neck. The worst oppres
sion comes to tbee not from without, but
from within. The woman who has », free
soul must In time become all free. Not
that she will go th rough life alone. No,
she will search out and find souls worthy
of her companionship, and all these grand
souls will work together for the uplifting
of the human race."
A short prayer followed the sermon,
after which the Treble Cieff Quartet gave
a most artistic and devotional rendering of
Sullivan's "Lost Chord."
Mrs. fooper made a short address,
thanking all who had aided in makingjthe
Woman's Congress the success it was, after
which Miss Shaw in a most impressive
manner pronounced the benediction.
In answer to a question as to her future
movements Miss Shaw stated that she
would leave this City to-day or to-morrow
in order to comply with her engagements
in the interior towns. Bbc is resolved upon
visiting all sections of the State before the
election, and intends that no voter in Cali
fornia shall remain in ignorance of the ar
guments for woman suffrage.
"It's a hard task, I know, but my heart
is in the work and that makes it a delight
to me. lam convinced that the heaviest
strain will be on my voice alone. As for
the work of convincing your grand Cali
fornian men, it is no work at all. I have
found them so true and noble in act, word
and sentiment, that I am convinced all
they need is to be assured that the woman
suffrage movement is just, and they will
throw themselves into it, heart and soul.
"Ob, the men of California!" exclaimed
the gifted lady, "how I wish yiey could
know the pride which will till our hearts
when we shall have found the daughters
of the Golden West owing their freedom
to the generous votes of so grand a race of
beings!"
Fell From a Traiu.
F. O'Donnell, 423 Cedar avenue, was one of
the party of excursionists yesterday to the
butchers' picnic and was unfortunate enough
to fall off the train at Newark. He sustaim-rl
an ugly cut on the back of his rieht hand. He
returned to the City and went to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where Dr. Fitzgibbon put several
stitohe- in the wound.
WEW TO-PAT.
RUNNING
No chances when you bny shoes made by
such a reliable and experienced firm as
BUCKINGHAM
& HECHT.
The name stamped on every shoe is a
guarantee absolutely, safe. Ask for them.
You can get them at
Kast's 738-740 Market St.
Who carry a full line of our shoes.
<£*^%
••Mama has forgotten to
; put the lid on the Cocoa box. >
' It's so good — I don't want
the goodness to get out."
Most cocoas need no such precaution,
the original freshness and " snap " have. I
like that famous ghost, "vanished in thin ;
air. ■' ■•■ ' ■?.. ■ • •:: : ; ;
Ghifardelli's
Is FRESH. It's made here on the Coast,
the demand is good and there is little time
lost In getting from the factory to your
table. • ...,■■■.;-'■,; .... ■
IT'S FRESH
KEEP THE LID ONI
mgß On»rsntt«l charges, or any inflamma-
|gfp«.y»» cocoon, tjon oT^nSonV'.Se'm:
ga»yHE£nHS ChemicuCo. branea. Non-astringent
I^acINCINHATI.O.^^I Sold by Drajceint*,
xSEfik. 11 - S. a. !3Pa 2 r Bent in P la wrapper
____J^i™^V "^Circular sent on r ,ueat.
v> "PATENTS 3
VS&!2O MARKET, ST. slrT^H^
Ifeji^iANHOOfl RESTBREDS~
BTK^fTi^ fit tionota i o^^enchphyslcUnTliloniSfi taUz(jr>the P reocri P"
■ \SS. /A } \<\ 'i \\ ? OUa or diseases of the genSrative^ l i L? 1 £ Ure 7 0U ot all ***■
VJ^^ A £ impies, tnfitness to Marry £,«^ lB 3l<>»s. Nervous Debility^
j£j X_A V Constipation. It stops all losses brn^l* Dra J lls - Varlcocele and
Address DAVOL MEDICINK CO.. UTO .San France. Cal. for sale
, BROOKS,' PHAKMAOY, 119 Powell stre*
_ J^'_-^ V,_ .NEW- TO-PAT. j^'l^_-_ _
B SMf H B v H 9bJ 9 VuQ
People Who Have Been Cared Do Not
Hesitate to
SPEAK GRATEfpL WORDS
In Praise of Munyon's Improved
Homeopathic Remedies.
H. Dockendorff , expressman, southeast
; corner Kearny and Pine streets, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., says: "After using one bottle
of Munyon's Rheumatism Cure and a por.
tion of another, I am convinced that it ia
a grand remedy. For years I have been
afflicted at intervals with muscular rheu-
matism, and was unaDle to allay the pain
Since takine the little pills I feel like a
new man, as my. pains have disappeared."
Mnnyon's .Rheumatism Cure seidom fails
to relieve in 1 to 3 hours, and cures in a few
days. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon'a Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach trouble. Price. 25 cents. :
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25 cents.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness ana speedily
heals the lungs. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
forms of kidney disease. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
ache in three minutes. Price, 25 cents.
Jlunyon'a Pile Ointment positively cures
all forms of piles. Price. 25 cents.
Mnnyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon
to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Remedies relieve in 3
minutes and cure permanently. Price. $1.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure— price 25c— eradicates
the disease from the system, ana the Ca-
tarrh Tablets— price 25c— cleanse and heal
the parts.
Munyon's Nerve Cure is a wonderful
nerve tonic Price. 25 cents.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost vigor.
Price. $1. .
A separate cure for each disease. At all
drunEisi3, mostly 25c a vial.
Fersonal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL
life \mnm company
OF MILWAUKEE, IN THE STATE OF Wis-
consin, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1895, and for the veer ending on that day, made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the requirements of section
613 of the PolLical Code of said State.
ASSETS.
Net value of real estate owned by
the<ompany $1,400,863 15
Amount of loans secured by bond
and mortgage on real estate 69,041,112 24
Cash loans X policy-bolders on this
company's policies assigned as
collateral 1,948,060 00
Premium notes and loans in any
form taken in payment of pre-
miums on policies now In force. . . 418,301 84
Cash market value of all stocKsand
bondß"owned by the company 12,635,201 08
Amount of cash on hand in com-
pany's office 97,169 05
Amount of cash denosited In banks 4,508,915 77
Interest due and accrued 1,362,318 06
Rents due. and accrued 8,987 71
Not amount of uremiuras In pro-
cess of collection and of deferred
premiums 1,481.470 74
Total assets $82,902,389 64
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un-
paid 66,216 74
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due 282.359,87
Claims resisted by the company 43,844 a 9
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to tbe combined experi-
ence tables of mortality, with 4
percent Interest 66,804,672 00
Amonntof all unpaid dividends to
policy-holders. 94,740 97
All other demands against the com-
P»ny 108,094 01
Total liabilities $66,388,828 38
INCOME. -•- .■- -.
Cash ; received ■ for memiums on
new poUcies during the year. $1,679,149 92
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums <lurlne the year...... ..... 11,960,630 79
Cash received for sale of annuities. 6,*91 97
Cash received for Intf rest.... -8,837,791 50
Cash received for rents ...;.. 109.842 23
Cash received from , all other
sources 27,269 41
Total Income .117,550,776 83
EXPENDITURES. =
Paid for losses and . matured ■ en-
dowments .... 93,512,740 40
P&ld to annuitants. ....".'........ 2.554 26
Paid for surrendered p01icie5....... 872,671 38
Paid for dividends to policy-holders 1,296.894 65
Commissions paid to agents.. 1,543,571 62
Salaries and other compensation of
: officers ■ and employes, except
agents and medical examiners... 306 198 26
Salaries and traveling expenses of , .
managers of agencies. : ggg g\
Medical . examiners' fees ana sal- '
«'«»••••; 119,691 15
Cash pnld for taxe5.. ................. 194.323 73
Cash paid for rents ........~...... ■ 25 000 00
All other cash payments 782 119 18
Total expenditures during the *■• ...
year... $8,656,662 42
PREMIUM NOTK ACCOUNT. . "
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year... f 467,640 42
Premium notes and other 1
premium obligations re-
ceived during the year.. 89,664 60
Deductions during the year as follows* s^ 7 ' 30 * °*
Amount , of .: notes and -
other premium obliga-
t ions used |In payment
of losses and c1aim5.... 522,756 17 ;
Amount of notes and
.' oilier premium obliga-
! - tion* used in purchase
of surrendered policies. 10,436 31
Amount - of - notes and •
. other premium obliga-
tions used in payment : . : >■
of dividends to p0. icy-
h01der5:................: 66,63« €•
, Amount iof -■; notes and - ■
other premium obliga- .
tions voided by lapse of
p01icie5.. ................ 13,780 90
Amount of notes and
• : • other premium ' obliga-
tions 'i redeemed • by -;'»
maker in ca5h.......... 25,290 18
■' Total : reduction . of ■ <•
premium note account.. $138,903 19
I • H. L. PALMER. President.- ~
, J. W. SKINNER,
- Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ist da*
Of February, 1896. r;: '•::••, - . v
I ■'- C. A. PRIDE, Notary Public.
tLjsft-XT^ J2 S S3 liin T\ iE
;• OPPRESSION, - ...,, '■ ...
SUFFOCATION, fi lIRFfi RV
NEURALGIA, Etc., UUntU D!
ESPIC'SCIGAKiiTTES. OR POWDER.
Paris, J ESPIC: New York. E. FOUGEkI
A CO. Sold by all Drugglsta,DARKER SHADOWS
IN BELL'S CASE.
Deepening Mysteries of the
Strange "House of
Silence."
CLOSED TO RELATIVES.
An Uncle of the Injured Young
Man Refused Admission to
the Bedside.
GUATEMALA'S EX-PRESIDENT.
Alfonso Banillas' Father Coming Here
to Defend His Son in the
Strange Tangle.
The people who now surround Frederick
Bell, as he lies on his deathbed at 1107
Bush street, are overlooking no points that
may tend to still further deepen the mys
tery regarding the alleged accident that
has laid so low tiiis once bright and active
young man.
John Bell, the Santa Barbara capitalist,
a nephew of the late Thomas Bell, learned
ot the so-called accident shortly after it
occurred. The news reached him by way
of a messenger sent to him by a sister of
Fred Beil. He immediately came to this
City, hoping to help the young man as
best he could physically and morally.
Last evening Mr. Bell was seen at the
Grand Hotel, and he, too, displayed a de-
Bire to be sileut on the subject of the young
man's ailment.
"What can I tell yon?" he asked. "All
I know is that his sister sent me word he
was dying and I came up here immedi
ately. I nave been to the house, have seen
everybody around the poor boy, but I have
been forbidden to enter the sickroom.
"Yes, I believe the boy is in a most dan
gerous condition, or else I would certainly
be permitted to see him. I have not been
abie to get any aetails of how the accident
occurred, no one appearing to Know any
thing about it.
"I am told Fred is unconscious, but I
do not know it positively, as they will not
let me get near him.
"I do think it very strange that such ai
fatality should attach itself to our famih. \
My uncle went that way and now there !
seems to be in store a similar death for his I
boy."
In view of John Bell's statement and
the persistent refusal of all parties con
cerned to say anything regarding thi3
affair, it is not likely that anything will
be learned of its details until Coroner
Hawkins has to take the case in hand.
That the secret of the whole affair is so j
well kept is due no doubt to Fred Bell's j
peculiar entourage. Glancing down the i
iine of those who are connected with it !
are: Theresa Percy, who is now the widow
of the late Thomas Bell, who died in such I
a mysterious manner, and whose vast j
estate appears to be the vortex of sensation |
and tragedy. Mrs. Bell, in her earlier i
career in this City, when it became known i
that she and Bell had married, was sub- !
jected to annoyances innumerable at the
hands of news-gatherers. Subsequently \
"Mammy" Pleasant, the octogenarian j
colored woman so well known in after
years as Sarah Althea Hill's friend in the
celebrated Sharon divorce case, appeared '
on the scene. It was in connection with
tire advent of Thomas Bell's children by
Theresa Percy. The scandal was ven
tilated during the months that the Sharon
case was being heard, and with "the
Bracket behind the bureau/ "baby farm
ing" became familiar terms connected
with the unfortunate plaintiff who is now
dying in the Stockton Asylum for the In
sane.
"Mammy" Pleasant has no love for re« j
•porters, hence her desire to keep Fred
Bell's case out of print.
As to Mrs. Clinton Ferry, the divorced
wife of the "Duke of Tacoma." in whose
house the recent tragedy occurred, she
has bat just pulled out from under the
cathode ray of journalistic investigation.
Her troubles with her husband in Paris
when the latter broke into her apartments
and caused gendarmes to arrest her for
intimacy with a dashing clerfe from the
Bon Marche have been published with
positively embarrassing detail, especially
by the Parisian press, and rather fully by
many of the English and American news
papers.
Now comes the last scandal, or rather
the one most recently developed, the prin
cipals in which are not likely to want to
give out much information tending to
clear up the mystery of the <Fred Bell af
fair.
Fred Bell had a room in Mrs. Ferry's
house, where also lived an actress named
Haines, whose divorce case is still pend- ■
ing. There also lived in the same house, I
on the same floor, a Mrs. Etelka Gordan,
from whom her husband — "Gordan the !
Tailor" — secured a divorce some years ago. j
Fred Bell courted both these ladies, and j
it was from in front of their apartments
that he fell on the fateful night two weeks
ago. He had no right to be on that floor,
especially after midnight, as his room was
on the floor below.
The private detectives who have been
working on the case at the instigation of
those friends of Bell who have been unable I
to get satisfaction as to his condition from {
his relative?, claim that a rival of Bell's
in the affections of either Mrs. Haines or
Mrs. Gordan may have had an altercation
with him during which the disastrous fall
Occurred.
In connection with the case the name of
Alfonso Barrillas, a son of the ex-President
of Guatemala has been mentioned.
The young man is impetuous", like most
people of Central America, and he had no
particular liking for Fred Bell, for whom
he knew Mrs. Gordon held a high regard.
"TLiey can't put any Dlame on roe," Mr.
Barrillas staged yesterday. "I have got
nothing to do with this affair. I knew
Etelka up to a year ago, but have not
cared for her since an old man has become
her friend. I was not in the Bush-street
house when Bell was thrown out, but I
understand they're going to make me
figure in the matter."
In the meantime ex-President Barrillas
has cabled that he has taken passage from
Guatemala and will arrive here as soon as
the steamer City of Sydney can carry him.
This will be the first visit of that dignitary
to this country.
Last evening a male nurse at the house,
1107 Bush street, declared that Fred Bell
would probably be removed in an ambu
lance to his mother's home, the "House of
Silence."
FOR THEATER GOERS.
j What There Is on the Programmes of
the Various Play-Houses for
To-NJght.
"The Strange Adventures of Miss
■ Brown," in wnich Eddie Foy takes a lead
j ing part, will be continued at the Baldwin j
j Theater. He will sing two new songs, one j
j a parody oi "The Days of Old."
Primrose & West will continue to hold
I the boards at the California Theater with
! their company of black and blackened
j minstrels. The cake-walk is one of the i
I great features of the evening.
"Faust" will be continued as the attrac
tion at the Columbia Theater this even
! ing. A most brilliant scene in this pro
duction is the Brocken scene, made re
splendgnt with electrical effects.
At the Grand Opera-house Edmund K.
I Collier will make his appearance in "The
I Cross Roads of Life," a play of exciting j
interest. It is a strong melodrama, in
which the leading actor will have good '■
support.
"Fra Diavolo" is to be the attraction at
the Tivoli Opera-house th is eveninc. Mar- j
tin Pache will appear in his favorite role I
of the chief of the brigands. Kate Marchi
I will appear as Zerlina.
This evening those who will attend the I
performance at the Orpheum Music Hall
will witness the debut at this house of
■ Wood and Shenpard and Fields and Lewis,
I who come with "a good reputation for en«
j tertaining.
For the people of Oakland there will
1 be a treat at the Macdonough Theater
\ this evening. Richard Mansfield is to
! appear in the character of Beau Brummel.
WHY LANGENBERGER DIED
He Had to Get Work by May i or
His Wife Would Leave
Him.
' Choosing Death by Suicide in tlie
Park Rather Than Be Separated
From Her.
The body of the suicide found near the
Midwinter Fair Mining Camp on last
! Thursday has been identified as that of
I Albert Langenberger, the son of a wealthy
! citizen of Anaheim, this State.
The father of the unfortunate man, who
' held the position of resident agent
j for 'Wells, Fargo & Co., for many
years in Anaheim, died about five
months aero and left an estate valued at
| 140,000, $500 of which Albert received im
; mediately after bis father's demise. About
three years ago young Langenberger
i married and the result of the union was a
! girl who is now two years old.
On the morning of the day of the suicide
; Langenberger visited a saloon on Market
I street, where Otto \V. Ahrendt is em
j ployed, and drank a glass of wine. He
then told the bartender that he contem
plated suicide and exhibited a bottle which
was labeled "poison." Ahrendt, who
was acquainted with Langenberger and
1 his wife, and who had roomed for a long
I time with the family at 266}£ Everett
street, where they resided after their mar
! riage, vainly attempted to get the deadly
drug away from bis friend, as he knew he
was despondent.
In speaking of the matter yesterday Mr.
; Ahrendt Baid:
"I have known Albert Langenberger for
! a few years ana I was surprised at his rash
, act, although I had reason to suspect he
! might attempt suicide. After the death of
I his father, which occurred a few months
j ago, he came to me and told me that he
was going to deposit $350 in the German
Savings Bank, and be asked me to accom-
I pany him, which I did. He told me at
that time that his wife was rather reckless
with money, and recited one instance of
when she had left her pocketbook and $500
on the table of a restaurant and walked
out, unconscious of her loss. She occupied
a position as cashier in Regan's restaurant
for some time past and Albert was unem
ployed.
"He told me that he had looked for work
diligently, but could not find any, and a
j few days before his death be told me vhat
I his wife had threatened to leave him if he
did not get work before May 1, and he
said he could not stand that, as he loved
her so much. I knew Albert to be an in
dustrious man, but he was unlucky lately
about securing work. He told me on last
Thursday morning that he was going to
commit suicide and showed me a bottle
labeled 'poison.' I tried to get it away
from him, but did not succeed. The apron
which was found in his possession marked
with the initials 'O. W. A.' was mine, and
I the way I account for that is that his wife
washed his and my aprons when I lived
with them and possibly the aprons got
mixed. I understand Mrs. Langenberger
left here yesterday with her child for her
parents' home at Los Angeles."
EARLY MORNING ROW.
John Crowley, a Plasterer, in a Critical
Condition at the City and County
Hospital.
John Crowley, a plasterer, 20 years of
age, living on Willow avenue in the Mis
sion, is lying in a critical condition at the
| City and County Hospital.
He attended an entertainment at the
Turn Verein Hall on Eighteenth street
Saturday night, and about 2 o'clock yes
i terdav inornine went downtown with two
! friends. At Fifth and Mission streets
they got mixed up in a fight with a gang
of young hoodlums, and Crowley was
knocked down by a blow from some in
strument. Policeman Folsom was at
tracted by the crowd and found young
Crowley unconscious on the street, with
an ugly cut across his forehead. He was
t taken to the City and County Hospital,
| where it wa« decided he was in a critical
condition. He was suffering from concus
sion of the brain and a possible fracture of
the skull.
The police arrested John Sullivan, one
of Crowley's friends^ who had a black eve
and his collar torn, and took him to the
Seventeenth-street station. Two or three
friends called to see him and be told them
that a young man named John MurDhy
bad struck Crowley with a slungshot.
Marphy was arrested yesterday afternoon
and will be detained in the tanks at the
City Prison pending further developments.
OLYMPIC SPORTS.
ffind Up of th« Three- Cornered Gill
Competition for a Diamond Medal
Yesterday.
The finish of the three-cornered compe
tition for a handsome -diamond medal,
given by Leonard Gill, captain of the
Olympic Club, took place at the Olympic
Club outside grounds yesterday.
Fred R. Butz proved the winner, How
ard Coffin capturing second prize.
Following were the events:
100-yard dash— F. R. Butz first, H. Cof
lin second, G. James third. Time, :10)^.
' 220-y*rd dash— F. R. Butz first, H. Cof
fin second, G. James third. Time, :23 4:5
880-yard run— H. Coffin first, F. R. Butz
second, G. James third. Time, 2:15.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 11, 1896.
REALTY MARKET REVIEW
Several Important Transactions
Reported the Past
Week.
MANY AUCTIONS ANNOUNCED.
Record of Transfers, Mortgages and
Releases for April and for
the Week.
The real estate market jogs along at about
the same pace that it has for some time past,
being neither better ncr worse than it has
been for several months. The chief consola
tion that dealers find in the present condition
of the market is that it is an improvement on
a year ago, and more' than an improvement on
the market of two years ago. There is a de
mand now for good properties, but only at
what are considered rock-bottom prices. And
sales are o-.ing made right Along, although
they are in the main small ones, big deals
being few and far between. It cannot be said
that any particular section of the City is more
favored than another by buyers, unless it be
the Western Addition and the Richmond dis
trict.
And even in those localities the preference
is not sufficiently marked to be worthy of Bpe
cial comment. When a deal or two a little
larger than the ordinary run happens to be
made in any particular section of the City an
effort is sometimes made to create an impres
sion that the section in question is receiving
more attention and has a better future than
other portions of the community . But these
spasmodic attempts to boom some particular
locality occur almost regularly, first in one sec
tion, then in another, and it is safe to assert
that just now no one portion of the City has
any material advantage over the balance in
the matter of real estate activity.
t .San Francisco is now undergoing a process of
transition that is the experience of every large
city, and there is more or less of a shifting of
business and residence districts. The ten
dency and drift in each case is in certain di
rections, but it is difficult to foreshadow with
absolute certainty just where these changes
will terminate. The enterprise of land-ownen
very often proves a potent factor in these
changes of business and residence districts,
and in San Francisco it will probably be no ex
ception. Whatever the future may be present
prices of all properties in this City are snch as
to offer a guarantee to all who Invest in real
estate of any description.
The las.t issue of Thomas Magee & Sons' Real
Estate Circular contains the following article:
CLACS SrRECKELS AM) BEET STGAR.
To some of his personal friends and directors
of the San Joaquin Valley Railroad, who went
one evening last month across the bay to see
Mr. Sprockets off and bid him good-by when
he stnr ted on a short trip to Europe, ' Mr.
.-j rnktls saiU that if his life was spared long
enough to see the State making not only all of
our own beet sugar, but exporting $50,000,000
worth more of it to the Atlantic States, then
he would die content, ••and," said he with em
phasis, "we can easily do that within a few
years." The East now imports between $75,
-000.000 and $100,000,000 worth of sugar,
nearly all ol which, Mr. Spreckels says, Cali
fornia can easily make. Mr. Spreckels also
told his friends that he had repeatedly been
offered $10,000,000 by New York capitalists,
with whom he has had previous deaiiuc-'.
They want the money invested in California,
in his, full charge and unhampered direction.
While Mr. Spreckels is In Europe he will in
spect the great sugar factories of France and
Germany, and see if they have any improve
ment in machinery and methods which may
oe of use to him. Mr. Spreckels bought over
6000 more acres of land, within reach of his
Watsonville sugar beet factory, about six
weeks before he left. These lands were long
used for wheat, barley or oat growing, but
they are all right for beets, or Mr. Spreckels
would not have bought them. The assertion
has been generally made that, now that wheat
raising does not pay as it used to, the most of
the land heretofore devoted to its culture
would practically go out of cultivation and
bring next io nothing.
Much of this land will be used in beet cul
ture. Beet culture has only begun, and its ex
tension will withdraw from wheat growing im
mense tracts In the San Joaquin and Sacra
mento valleys, while, by reducing the wheat
area, it will tend to better the price of that
staple. Beets grown in France and Germany
yields to 10 per cent of sugar only; nere our
lands yield 14 to IB per cent, and without spe
cial fertilization. Tnere. but for government
bounties, the business could not be made suc
cessful. When California gets to manufactur
ing $50,000,000 worth of beet »ugar for an
nual export East, the shipment of refined
sugar to Atlantic ports from Germany and
France, on which there is a heavy import duty,
will greatly decline, if it does not entirely
cease.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were 103 mortgages recorded last
week, aggregating $353,800. Tne principal
ones were:
By the Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society. 32,
-000 for ODe year, at 6Vi per cent, on property on
the northeast line of Tenth street, 225 feet north
west lof Howard, northwest 200 by northeast
213:4; by the German Savings and Loan society,
10,000 for one year, at 7 per cent, on property
on the northwest line of Howard street.
175 feet northeast of Seventh, northeast 60
by northwest 90: by the Hlbernia Havings
and Loan Society, $35,000 for one year, at
t>'i per cent, on property at the southwest
corner of Kearny and Post streets, south 62 :6 by
west 60:6: by the same, f 61,000 for one year at
6% percent on property at the southeast corner
of .Mission and seventh streets, southeast MO by
northeast 80: by Albert Meyer, {38,000 for one
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Inglcside Track.
rare* wnrreine torses bare do record at tno distance to b« ran me records at the next nearest
distance are riven.
a Ltreviiitlons-F.. test: Fa,, fair: H., heavy; m.. mile; 1, furlong; •, aboat. \ ;'• '•':
; m
ing; two-year-ol
I Best I
Index. Name. Lbs record.
I I
Dlst. LbsTk.;
Owner.
Pedigree.
}}V 1 ■^• dyH 2T t'-*"t '-*" ,Si ! ■ William Napier.... i Imp. Martenburst-Cheerful
1136 .hiaterAdele.... 108 -.52 %m 103 11.. E. Corrlgan. Hlley-Slsterly
11?* ! ( ; mlB -. - Ksfl«"Ji«" 1.... Alma Dale stable... Ip. Martenhurst-Gratitude
1028 Howards .111 -.39 j 1 110 H.Jj.H. Shields Imp. Wblstlejacket-ZWica
1124 rieurdeLis.....|loß| -.19^^ m 105 F. .El Prlmero stable.. Imp. Maxim-Flenrette
1124 The Roman 101 | Klmwood stock frm imp. Brutus-Beauty
(Il4s);Dunboy 108 -.49 |^m 101 F. .fLone Btable. imp. Loyalist-Spray
KECOND RACE— One and one-eighth mUes; sellin g.
ndex. j
1 Beat
Lbs record .'. DIM. \ Lbs Tk.
I
Kama
Owner.
Pedleree.
\]™ |i n ? tl *»tor.» tor . 101 1:16% 6f 95 F.Elmwoodstk farm. Imp. Brutus-Installaion
I|*l Sclmetar. 10l 1 i:42 1 m 89 *".. J. H. Shields..:.... Imp! Eothen-Wyandotte
11 *« Alvero j 98 1:17 |6 f 95 Fa. B. C. Hlidreth Gano-Llltlta
116 a Mirambo 101,1:431,4 lm 91 F.. Ambrose <tMllller. Xl Rio Rev- Question .
ii?o A?f^--AL- iii IS * 2% lm 91 F " J ' Carrol • Imp. Keene-uray Kail
1132 AH smoke 112 ........ L. *t«pbens.: Imp. BUlc Gown-Ordnance
1152 Dnngarven 121 I:O9V* »Vi f 101 *•• \ UEtill Hindoo-Imp, Calphurnla
1146 Belle 80yd...... 1:29 71 104 F. . J. P. Atkln. ........ IEI Rio Rey-Svlvfa
1092) Governor Badd. 198 1:16 6 1 98 F.. Wootllawn stable.. I Fresno-Rosa G
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs ; selling.
ndex.
Name.
1 Best I
Lbs record. l Dlst. Lbt Tk.
Pedigree.
Owner.
11" I"* 6 ; 1 ? 8 ; Ssi, 1: l 6 6t W F. .! Elm wood st'k farm! Imp. 1-rutus-Sway back
1146 Doubtfnl. 93,1:158461 97 F. .IM. Er*U Doubl-Natchlto "hes
Jeromes US I:SU£ 7f io:-i F. . p. WPber (Joe Danlels-Sweetbriar
••■•••• Co* 1 * ••• 212 1 ,'* 9 l/ 2 ¥f m 109 ! F. .: Pueblo stable Imp. Cjrua-imp. Roseita
1162 Daylight 96 1:09 6V t t 107 ! F. .J. v. Brown & Co. . Coioma- Laura b
1140 BlgChiel 93 1:091* 5Vi t 94 F. Nia«ra stable Apache-Flora
1160 Harry Le wig.... 107 I .... J. Maddox I Versailles-Cousin Kate
1105 Mt.Roy 107 I:oli^|6f 106' F. . .Krause ACo I Fawtus-Mt. City Belle
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling.
Index.
.... ._.,..- Beat .) — ; _ _
«"»«• Same. ' Lbs I Record | D'»t- LhsTk.j Owner. Pedigree.
Ut 7.*7 .* ?, eadow I^rlc.. 109 1:18 6 f 109 F~ Elmwocd »tlc farm. Imp. Brotus-Nabette ■ I
< 2S ) M0rTen... ...... 11l 1:29% 7 I 12K White * Clarke .... Imp. Cheviot-Lurllne
868 KeaGlen. 109 l:2fli* 7 f 100 F... .Cambridge stable... Glen Klta-Red « lr i .
114 a Sen 81and...... 100 I:29V* 7 f 93 F " : W. D. Randall .. Imp. IvernPss- Wood Violet
1141 Walter J 100 I:3OVi 7 f 110 H.. F. McDcrmott ! limp. True Briton-UUy
1129 Strathflower. .. 109 1:42$ 1 m 100 Fa. C. F.Sanders....... «rathmre-Ktower of Meath
"2f Foremost 109 l:«V4:i 1-Kmi 92 Fa. A. B. B»reckela..... Flood-Imp. Queen^ Bess
1153 Huntsman 11l 1:07 5 f 183 H.. P. Hereog Prince Norfol™H»ld?o
Name.
Owner.
Pedigree.
FIFTH RACE— One and a half miles; selling.
- • ■
Name.
I Best
Lbs record.
DJst. Lbsixk.
ndex.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1182 Uncle Giles 108 1:64 !ly 8 m 104 P.. I Nevada stable .
(I, 1 ) Wawona no 1:43% 1 £ 106 F... MokPlumnestkfm
}}?£ 5°. n <£?£"•"• J 2 l:5l :57 v* li^ m 104|Fa. Elmwood »tk farm.
1168 Fair Faith.;.... 108; 1:28 V« 7f 102 F.. a. c Hildre-th
1127 Thornhll:.. 118 2:lo>£ 114 m 105 Fa T.LuiMly ......
1162 Little Cripple... 110 114 m j 108 , F... J. Weber.1 !....".".
E] Bio Rey-HeuHnraphrev
Imp. Sir Modred-Typhoo'n
I nip. Brutus-Bessie
Jlls Johnson- Ben ie C
Ip.Cheviot-Pheb* Anderson
Piratel'enzance-L .Stanhope
BIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling.
ndex.
Kust.
Lbs
Best
record.
Disu
Lbs Tk. j
Owner.
Pedlcree.
116* Bj»eno — 105 1:151^1 6f 102 F... ! El Prlmero stable..
(1142) Circe........:... 103 1 :09 i. 4 6% t 10? F... Lone stable
1159 Aff1atu5......... 191 1:161^, 6? 102 F. I \V. D Randall '.
1133 Mobalaica. !91 1:16^ «f 103 F.. K. Corrtgan....
941 Benham ....... 110)1:13^! 6f 100 ; F... C Dougherty .:.:..
(U46V Heartsease i 911:14», 4i 6f 101 F... J. C. Humphrey .
(1151) 8chn1t5....>.... 108 J:l6<s 6f 110 F... C.F. Sanders.......
1142 Ru1nart......... 102 1:08^4 6% f 105 F... G. R05e...... ..;....
1161 T0n1n0...;...... 971:09^t 6V»* 86 F... Alma Dale stable..
; (B99)jToano. 107,l:148/*i 61 106 £_ j Wm. Bloombau^h .
(1122) Commission.... 107 1:17 j6» Xll[F-. WnJte & Clarke....
Hidalgo- Bertie W
Imp. Friar Tuck-Jessie R
Imp- Inverness-Affinity
Apache-Tricksey
Flambeau-Uf-rhardin c
Imp. Kyn. Daly-Extract
Panlqne-Illia
St. Carlo-Queen Alta
J. H. Fenton-Llzzie B
Longfellow-Salara
year at I,*1 ,* per cent on property on the west line
of Montgomery street, 103:1% north of Snttpr
north 34:414 by west 60: by the Hlbernia Raving*
and Loan (Society, $10,000 for one year at 814 n|r
cent on property at the southwest corner of Cali
fornia and Davis streets, south . 137:6 by west
137 ; by the California Title Insurance and Trust
Company. $10,000 for one year at 6% per cent on
property at the northeast corner of Sinter and Fill-
ore streets, north 63 by west 100. ™
The releases granted last week numbered
thirty-nine, aggregating $550,897. The larger
ones were as follows :
By the Hlbernia Ravings and Loan Bocletv
$425,000 on property on the southeast corner of
California and Leldesdorff streets, east 67-6 by I
south 137:6: on the northeast corner of California !
anil Montgomery streets, east 62:6 by north 68*3: I
on the north line of California street, 65:6 east of !
Battery, east 24 by north 62; on the south line of
Clay street, 137:6 east of Kearny, east 34:4 V,.
souih 119:8, west 50:1%, north 58:3. east 16-9.
north 61:3: on the southwest line, of Main street,
157:6 southeast of Harrison, southeast 137 '
southwest »75, northwest 68:9, northeast 137:6
and on the northwest corner of Kearny and Bay I
streets, north 275 by west 412:6; by the Hlbernia
Pavings and Loan Society to Jean a. Bercerot and
Thomas la Coste $29,000 on property on th« north
line of Eddy street, 137:6 feet west of Taylor, west !
60 by north 137 :6, ana by the same to Andrew '
sbarboro $10,000 on property on the west line of I
Larkin street, 80:6 feet south of California, south
57 by west 137:6. •
There were 131 transfers recorded last week.
Twelve building contracts, the particulars
of which were published each day in Thk
Call, were filed last week, the aggregate beinu
$33,313.
The total number of transfers for the month
of April was 312, amounting to $1,187,465.
During the same mouth 40ti mortgages were
recorded, aggregating $1,0tjj» .502. while 250
releases were granted, aggregating $1,033,
-975.
AUCTION SALES.
On Thursday of this week O'Farrell & Co.
will oiler at auction about a dozen miscella
neous properties. They will also place under
hammer on the evening ot May 25 a hundred
cheap lots in the Excelsior Homestead, while
on the 28th they will hold another auction of
miscellaneous properties.
O. F. yon Rhein & Co. are preparing a cata
logue of miscellaneous properties which they
will offer at auction in a 6hort time.
Messrs. Easton, Eldridge & Co. have outlined
a number of specially important sales during
the month of May:
To-morrow they hold a public sale of miscel
laneous catalogue, comprising investments
and different classes of prooerty throughout
the City.
On Saturday, May 16. on the ground at
Berkeley they will hold an out-of-door public
offering of sixty subdivisions of the Hillegass
Tract, adjoining tne State University, where
the street work is all finished, and in the midst
of some ot the most elegant homes in Berke
ley.
On Tuesday, May 19, at their salesroom in
thi6Ciiy they have a puolic offering, under
instructions from the San Francisco Gaslight
Company, of the important property on How
ard, First, Fremont and Beale streets, compris
ing forty-one subdivisions of the original prop
erty that has been occupied by the gas com
pany for a number of years. This sale will be
one of the most important that is likely to
be held during 189t>, being in the midst of the
manufacturing portion of the City, and the
property is at the present moment in absolute
demand for improvements in this neighbor
hood.
On Thursday, May 21, they will hold an out
of-door offering in the city of San Jose, being
a subdivision of block 5, within a mile of the
Courthouse, comprising twenty subdivisions,
surrounded by handsome homes and fine im
provements.
The Pioneer Woolen Mills property at North
Beach will be Bold at auction May 27 by Shain
wald, Buckbee <Sc Co. They report that there
Is a good deal of inquiry about the property
due no doubt to the iaet that the sale is abso
lutely peremptory, the property to be sold
without limit to the highest bidder. The firm
is preparing a catalogue of miscellaneous
properties that they will offer at auction in a
lew weeks to close out a large estate.
Boyee, Toy & Sonntag will bare an auction
of miscellaneous properties the latter part of
thU month.
MTSCELLANEOtrs NOTES.
C. H. Reynolds &. Co.. have removed their
office to 323 Montgomery street.
Bovee, Toy & .Sonntag have sold to Abraham
Schweicher of Colusa seventy-six acres of the
McMaban ranch at if 110 per acre.
Two large transfers recorded last week were
made by Thomas Magee & Sons. One is the
property on the northeast side of Fremont
street, 137:0 feet t.outh of Market. 45:10 x
137:«>. The purchasers were Mack A Co., the
consideration being $55,000. They intend to
erect a building on the premises to cost $45,
-000. The other deal was the sale of the How
ard Presbyterian Church property, exclusive
of the chapel site, on the southeast'side of Mis
sion street, west of Third, for $46,200.
David Bush of the country department of
O'Farrell <t Co. reports the sale of the Glen
Cove ranch of 424 acres for $21,250. It is
twenty-five miles iioMk this City and is just
opt>osite Port Costa. It has three-quarter- of a
mile water frontage, with wharf and ware
house. There are about twenty acres of vine
yard and fruit trees, the balance being pasture
and grain land. The same gentleman lias sold
to A. Sydney Jones for Mrs. Bailey the Bailey
block at Dwigbt-way station, Berkeley, for
$35,000. It fronts 210 feet on Shattuck ave
nue and 129 feet on Blake street. The block
has on it a new building containing eighteen
stores and five flats, with four suites of offices, a
hall for lodges, a hotel of seventeen rooms and
a separate residence.
A bill enacting the Torrens system of land
transfers has passed the Senate in Ohio and is j
expected to pass the Assembly, in which case 1
it will become a law there, at the executive of
the Buckeye State has no veto power.
Shainwald, Buckbee A Co. report the follow
ing recent bales:
The gore corner of Market and Fourteenth
atreett. fronting 131 feet on Market street and 153
feet ou Fourteenth, sold to C. A. Grow for $40,000;
a cottage on Bush street, near Broderick, loc i29x
100 feet, <3260: a cottage on Bush street, near
Broderick, 10l 31:6x100 feet, $3250; two lots ou
Ninth avenue, near Clement street. $900 each: a
resilience 00 the north line of Fell street, near ,
Clayton, lot 25x137:6 feet. 56250; a lot on Hamp
shire street, near Twenty-fira:, '-'oxloo feet, 9720:
b bourn at Menlo Park with about an acre of land
for $5500; a lot on First avenue.Jnear Point Lobos.
25x1-^0 feet, $1000: a lot on Cherry street, near !
Sacramento, 26x137:6 feel, $1400: two lots In i
Fnlrjni>iinc Tract for $600: a cottage on Clement :
street, near First avenue, lot 25x100 feet, $2800.
The London and San Francisco Bank has just
listed for sale with Raldwin <fc Hammond the
block bounded by Ninth and Tenth avenues,
H and I streets. The streets are all graded
and sidewalks are laid around the entire block.
It fronts the park and 1b in a locality where
there is a considerable demand for property.
It will be sold on payments of $50 down and
$10 permonth.
Mrs. Lillie B. Lilienthal has purchased from
Cranston <& Keenan a house and lot on Masonic
avenue, near Haight street, the consideration
being $8500.
A meeting of tne Van Ness Avenue Improve
ment Club was held last Wednesday night at
the hall, 2304 Van Ness avenue. The following
officers were elected: Herbert E. Law, presi
dent; D. Ghirardelli, vice-president; John J.
McGovern, secretary; Val Schmidt, treanurer;
executive committee. Dr. Hartland Law, John
H. Brickwedel, Daniel T. Haley and William
M. Pierson.
Since the last meeting forty names have been
added to the membership roll. A review of the
last six months' work shows a very healthy
improvement in affairs in this end of town, a
substantial development; an expenditure of
over $160,000 in improvements; the bitumin
izing of Van Ness avenue; the widening of
Lombard street from Van Ness avenue to the
Presidio; the making of Van Ness avenue a
boulevard; the improving of streets and side
walks, and measures looking toward the cut
ting through ot Van Ness avenue to the water:
the securing of the necessary action for added
improvements.
One of the most direct and forceful benefits
of the organization iv this section of town has
been the co-operation of General Forsythe and
Colonel Kimball, who have given their strong
support to the objects of the club by improv
ing the Presidio and Fort Masou. The Gov
ernment is filling in the marsh on the north of
Lombard street and the Presidio at the cost of
$25,000. Across the line the Union-street
road is building grounds for f port* such as
are held in the Olympic Club grounds. Fort
Mason is being graded down, and Colonel Kirn*
ball has agreed that when the avenue shall be
properly cut through the landing from all the
islands will be made at this point for military
purposes. The grounds will be beautifully
terraced and elaborated upon with drives,
making one of the most attractive points in
the City. This will be a beautiful and fitting
termination for Van Ness avenue, the widest
street in the city, and now a boulevard.
Recent sales are reported by Sol Getz & Bro.
as follows:
Lot 25 by 120, on the west line of Ninth avenue,
175 feet south of X street, for $650: lot 50 by 120,
00 the east line of Tentti avenue, 150 feet south of
X street, $1300: lot. 25 by 320. on tne east line of
Twelfth avenue, 275 feet south of I street, $800;
10l 25 by 120, on the west line of Twenty-third av
enue, 100 feet north of California street. $6UO: lot,
26 by 120, on the west line of Eighteenth avenue,
275 feet south of A street, $400; lot SS by 100, on
the north line of Brazil avenue, 25 feet west of
Madrid street. $350: lot, 50 by 100. on the south
west line of Mount Vernon avenue, 75 feet uorth
weatof liowth street, $460, and six lots in Gets
Addition to Lakeview for $900.
The same firm reports the following improve
ments being made in lots sold by them: In
the Getz addition, to Lakeview and on tracts
near Mission street: H. Neugebauer, a two
story house of six rooms and bath, on Mount
Vernon avenue, near Uowth street; Mrs. F.
Flynn, a five-room cottage on the corner of
Mount Vernon avenue and Howth street; W.
F. Neumann, a one-story cottage on
Howth street; Frank Goodwin, a five
room cottage; Mrs. L. A. Westfall,
a two-story and basement seven-room
house on Mount Vernon aveuue, near
Louieberg street. On lots sold by same firm
near Mission street: Mrs. Mary J.Jones has
completed a four-room cottage on Vienna
street, in Excelsior Homestead; Mrs. Wilhel
mina Bood has let the contract for the erection
of a five-room cottage on the north line of Bra
zil avenue, in Excelsior Homestead; Walter J.
Page, the wrecker, has built a nice home on
Vienna street, near Persia avenue; Mrs. Caro
line Lingg, a cottage on Athens street, near
Persia avenue: Thomas Russo, a cottage in
block 64. Excelsior Homestead, and Mrs. Em
ilie G. Melson a two-story house of six rooms
on the corner of Persia avenue and Vienna
street.
ji Tiircnuv fIL.
E^^lffirlioj'iTyEjiH^SF Tuesday may 19, 1896 pEte»»cll|nS TttaTßiNHr
111 A i a■■ j • 638 MARKET STREET 111 A . A *•
At Auction Byordeothe At Auction
SAN FRANCISCO GASLIGHT COMPANY.
BUSINESS LOTS
Fronting First, Fremont, Beale, Howard and Moma Streets. |1
! ■- - ■ 1
. NATOMA STBEET,;v--::"v,.i;-':
~~ 100 25 25 :25 lOO" : : gT 7 137:6 ' 137:6 1? ~
S 6 15 S I i y-. '. _il
; : : : — r ' - ?, ? %s££ 16 »•'
« 6. ■ , 18 17 16 14 « : : — : _
» « 1x « ■ » a : — ■ •,'■ s^
S g . 4 „ . 100 w g
* 3 12 « .• — m ';« -
h : _ a _ _ — -• »S ■■■:■ s - 2S 13 ga
I » ' %. •■ » _5 1a . , 8. 10 5 , 6
h.. 1, . 10 " ■ ■s £ k : — 1 S
x J 100 12525 ! 25 100 1»  1 1 ■- 15 2 5 25 XX * «
HOWARD STBEET. •
j ~ ~~ 25 25 25 25 25 3276 ~~ ~~ ~ ~ j
x H a:
K6543 2 1 Z 4 H
* 8 2 " * *^A
Business and Mechanical Industries surround this property.
This property Is located In the present growing business portion of our city, and certainly has the brightest
outlook for Investors of any section.
Business men, capitalists, Investors and speculators should examine this property, for It certainly presents
an elegant opportunity for one and all to obtain a large percentum on the capital they may Invest.
1 TERMS— One-fourth cash, balance In 1,2 and 3 years. Interest 7 per cent per annum. '. » cv
N.B.— California Title Insurance and Trust Company wllll Issue a certificate of title to each purchaser for
the amount of the purchase price for the sum of $25 for each 25-foot lot.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., AUCTIONEERS, '
688 tvt a -t=* Trmii STXIEET. •
FAI L e^
DOCTOR SWEANY.
IF YOU HAVE A SECRET OR WASTING DI&
1 ease which weakens your body, brain or sex-
ual powers, why not go to the
ONE MAN
Who you know will cure you ? This man is
Dr. ■, F. L. SWEANY,* the celebrated specialist;
whose offices are located at 737 Market street,
San " Francisco, '-.' opposite * - Examiner " office.
Hours 9 to 12 A. M. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 P. M.
Sundays 10 to 12 A. M. only.
I'lteofipl
1 •©fit-
[grow]
A smart Broadway, New
I 1 York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside !
his store it marks the ,
new era of- drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar- ;
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that.
FOR
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR,
PANTS made to order fron $4.00
SUITS made to order from $15.80
MY $17.50 and $36 SUITS
AUK THE BEST >.. THE STATE.
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bus??
724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market St
san frawcio^^ .
OOSMOFOZjITAN,
Opposite V. 8. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth sl, saa !
>r»uc:sco, Cal The most select family hotel la <
the city. Board and room, 1, $1 23 and $1 60 per
day, according id room. Meals 25a Kooma, &0a
and 75c a day. Fro* coach to and from tbe ■ hotel.
Look, for the coach bean ng the name of the Co* j
mopoUtan Hotel. WM. FAHKY. Proprietor.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD VHB BAM lAN A BITTERS, THE
O great Mexican Remedy; gives iiealUi »n4
btrengtli to th« Sexual Organ*
LEA & PERKINS'
i BBD bS9 J«i c 3 i ISB8 1^ wfl oj El §3 vS
! SIGNATURE <£SS>?
I *~^ printed in y
1 BLUE, diagonally -^\
across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of
1 ► II BjjjjwrfPy Iw!^ P^B wbM b^ B ■ fc*^- *S^*S^^fcßsP^iWffii tirVli-B mt^9
BiHHHHiHRfIHHBBHHBfIiHHHi^BHiI^BBHBBHiHBHBBB
* The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- v ;
? tection against all imitations.
i Agents for the United SUtes. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y.
SEV TO-PAY.
I AT AUCTION
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY MAY 13, 1896
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Green- St. Heights Residence.
No. 1016 Green st,, west of Jones; 8 rooms and
bath: elegant surround ines: bituminized street;
cement stone walk.; examine this; California cable
and North Beach and Mission cars; large, hand-
some lot, 45x120, to rear street.
Pacific Heights Property.
NWcor. Lacuna and Greenwich sts. ; large, fine
building of 4 French flats; one 6, two 5 and one of
4 rooms and bath; must be sold; Union and Pacific
cables; lot 31:3x100 feet.
Oak-St. Large Lot.
south line of Oak st,, west of Bevisadero: this
elegant large lot is fit for 6 French flats or 2 stores
and 4 French flats; Oak-st. cable and electric cars;
street bituminized.
Pacific Heights Improved.
NE. cor. Union and Btelner sts. : good corner for
business; Union st, in basalt rock; cement stone
walk; Union cable: Fillmore electric cars; must
be sold ; corner lot, 37 :6x62 :6.
Haight-street Heights.
SE. cor. Ridley and South Broderick sts ; 4 of the
choicest residence lots In the city; front Buena
Vista Park; 4 blocks from Golden Oate Park;
magnificent view: 2 blocks south of Haight at.;
examine these; Haight-street cable and Fillmore
eleciric; lots 32:3 and 28x75 feet.
Precita Heights Home.
Cottage and lot; No. 105 Precita aye., east ol
Coso st.; 6 rooms; brick foundation : Folsom and
Mission electric; large lot, 40x140 feet.
Mission Tenement House.
No. 213. NE. line of Twelfth St., SE. of Howard;
building contains nine rooms divided into 2 tene-
ments of 6 and 4 rooms: centrally located; street
bituminized: Howard cable: lot 21x87:6.
Golden Gate Park Lot.
North line of Carl St., W. of Cole: street sew-
ered; Affiliated Colleges and sutro Library to be
built near; Haight and Omnibus cables and elec-
tric road; lot 25x137:6.
Mission Residence Lot.
East line of Fair Oaks St., N. of Twenty-fifth ;
handsome lot all ready for bnliding: fine view;
pleas&nt surroundings: San Fraucisco and Ban
Mateo electric; lot 25x100 feet.
Ashbury Heights Lot.
SE. cor. Stanyan and Seventeenth sts.: grand
view: choice neighborhood: ail ready for building;
one of the best lots in the city; electric and cable
cars; lot 46:9x100 feet.
Court land -Aye. Home.
I No. 26 Bennington St., NT. of Courtland aye.:
i comfortable] home; street bituminized; Mission
electric cars; lot 25x124 feet to rear street.
Mission Cozy Residence.
1 No. 449 Jersey St., E. of Castro; 2-story bay-
windowed, 7 rooms and bath: Castro cable and
Twenty -fourth electric; lot 25x114 feet.
EASTOX, ELDBIDGE & CO.,
638 Market Street, Auctioneers.
910
WEEKLY FRATERNAL NOTES
Meeting of the Grand Lodge of
Old Fellows aod Assembly
of Rebekahs.
THE KNIGHTS ARE PREPARING
A Six y-Three Year Old Native Daugh
ter Joins Alta Parlor— Old So.,
diers' Encampment.
Official Assessment Table.
- I! |. I
II g II
: x : °"
A. O. UW_ ~. 11-12-13 i May 1 May 28
Guarantee Fund... 6-6 May 1 May M
Kovsl Arcanum.... 227 May 1 May «1
K. "«fcL.oiH 437-38 May 1 May 31
Cnosen Friends.... 260 Slay 1 May 31
I'hosen Friends.... 201 May 16 June 16
Knlchts 01 Honor.. 487-8-9-70 May 1 May' 81
National Union.... 46-47 April 10 May 10
Ki>>k: 'iolcl n Ka«le 125-6-7 May. 1 June 1
American L. of 11.. 385 May 1 May 31
Woodmen of World 72 May 1 May 31
Order Kasteru St:ir.
Last Monday Grand Patron Merritt visited
Reveille Chapter at Salinas, on Tuesday he was
with Lily of the Valley Chapter at Watsonville,
on Wednesday he visited IdlcwiM Chapter at
,<Hnta Cruz and on Thursday he paid a visit to
Golden Gate Chapter in this City. The grand
patron lias been a most active visitor, and he
makes all his visits at his own expense.
Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Carrie Louisa
Peaslec paid a visit on last Friday to Ungava
Chapter at Riverside. She has assigned Lady
F.mma Chapter to District Hi, and Delano
Chapter at Delano to District 13.
Azusa Lodge and Jasmine Chapter enter
tained Pomona Lodge and Pomona Chapter at
Azusu on last Thursday. The worthy grand
matron was specially Invited to attend.
Harmony Chapter will initiate nine candi
dates on the 15».h.
The grand patron expects to visit Columbus
Chapter in Sacramento to-night and Naomi
Chapter in the same city on Wednesday.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
The picnic aud games given last Wednesday in
Niles CaDyon by the Odd Fellows and Rebekahs of
Alameda County was a grand affair. There was a
large attendance and enjoyment for all. W. H.
Barnes, P. G. M., who was introduced hy Deputy
Tisth, delivered a very interesting oration.
The entertainment under the auspices of the
Rebekahs in aid of the Orphans' Home will be
given at the Columbia Theater on the evening of
the 14th. Every Odd Fellow who can ought to go
and those who are not Odd Fellows should help
this cause.
Past Grand Master L. L. Alexander of Medon,
El Dorado County, is in tliis City as a representa
tive to the Grand Lodee. He is one of the oldest
past urands in this State, having held the office of
grand master in 1859.
The special session of the Grand Lodge and re
ception to Graud Master Gosbey by Garden City
Ixxltre at .-an Jose on the evening of the Ist inst.
was a great affair. During the banquet addresses
were made by Pas: Grands Jackson Hatch, 11. V.
Morehoase, D. J. Porter, M. H. Hyland, S. K.
Moreland. Nathaniel Cook, George T." Shaw grand
secretary ami Grand Master Gosbey.
The banquet by Canton No. 5 to Canton No. 11
at the Baldwin last Tuesday night was a very
pleasant affair. The address of welcome was by
captain A. J. Duncan of San Francisco and the
response by Captain F. B. Ogden of Oakland.
There will be a return visit to Canton No. 11 in
Oakland on the 21stlinsU
Grand Patriarch Reid will visit Unity Encamp
ment on Tuesday, Walhala on the 16th and Ori
ental on the 10th.
The Grand Lodge will meet to-morrow in Odd
Fellows' Hall. Representatives from more than
350 lodges will be in attendance to legislate upon
matters of importance to the order. J. W. War
boys of Sauta Kosa will be elected grand master.
The State Assembly of Kebekahs, Miss Fannie
Benjamin president, will meet in annual session
in Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows' building, to-mor
row morning.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
M. P. i.itrht. high court secretary, and other
members of the executive council and a large
number of delegates who are on their way to the
high court, that Is to meet in Ukiah, visited Court
Alcatraz last Friday.
The following officers of Court Lincoln, organized
last Thursday night with thirty charter members,
have been installed: C. S. Baillie, C. R. ; Charles
Man, S. C. R.; Caston Butt, treasurer: Ward D.
Grant, F. 8.; J. M. F. Eittell, R. S.; Samuel Crebe.
X W.j Leroy T. Burlingame, J. \V.; 8. W. Peardi
J. B. and Dr. A. E. Brune, physician.
Saturday and yesterday the delegates to the
Subsidiary High Court were received and enter
tained, at 102 O'Farrell street. They left this
morninc for Ckiah, and upon arrival there they
were to be met by the local court with a band of
music and escorted to the different hotels To
morrow evening there will be a public reception to
the delegates at the opera-house. On Wednesday
the delegates and their friends will be entertained
at a banquet. On Thursday there will be a erand
ball In the opera-house. Friday will be devoted to
visiting Vichy Springs and the asylum for the
insane.
Companions of the Forest A. O. F.
Bohemian Circle in conjunction with Court Bo
hemian gave a very pleasant entertainment at 102
O'Farrell street last Tuesday night. There was a
fine literary and musical programme and fancy
dancing by Miss Alexander, after which there was
danclni; and refreshments.
Olympia fircle introduced a novel feature at Its
last given monthly social. This was a prize waltz
for a valuable medal, the gift of Dr. and Mrs. H
Nevln, who on other occasions have advanced the
order by their generosity. After a close coutest A
Lanscon and L. Garnett, the judges, awarded the
medal to Miss Ida Nelson and F. M. Shay they
being adjudged the most graceful waltzers. "
Independent Order of Foresters.
Last Thursday evening Court Diana held an in
teresting meeting, and the members discussed the
best methods of advancing the court in particular
and the order in general. The officers and mem
bers of this court have been very energetic in
building it up, and this Is shown by the fact that
not very long ago it was started with a member
ship of nineteen, and now there are more than a
hundred names on the roll.
Court Faber has initiated thlr y members during
the past three months, and now has sixteen appli
cations in the hands of the proper committee. Un
der the auspices of this rourt the Foresters of Pla
cer County held a meeting at Rocklln last week
There were over one hundred present, and the
Oriental degree was conferred in eood style oa
twenty-seven candidates. The nigh chief ranger
who was present, delivered an address on "For-
Court Alameda was visited on last Tuesday by
the high chief ranker, and at that time five appli
cations were received, one of the number be!ne
that of the Superintendent of Common Schools of
Alameda County.
High Chief Ranger McElfresh deilvered an In
terest mc address before a large number of people
at ArbucKtß on the occasion of a picnic given there
by court Cortina last week.
The latest report of the supreme chief shows a
membership of 90,000 and a reserve fund exceed
ing $1,700,000, a gain of $22,000 in one month
Court -outliern Heights held a special meeting
rrldiiy nighi for the purpose- of initiating Robert
Johnstone, foreman joiner of the battleship ore
roil as a member of the court.- There was a laree
attendance.
Ancient Order of Drnids.
Perseverance Grove No. 10 elected the following
officers at its meeting on. the 6th Inst.: A. Gav
illrt. N. A.: J. Joubert, V. A.; G. Lamarque,
treasurer; John L. Contat, recording secretary: j!
Borch. financial secretary; M. Autiert, conductor:
J. Kobln, o. G. The following named were elected
delegates to ih<- Grand Grove: B, Pidancet. P. Dn
chien, P. Borel, H. G. Glanninl, F. Quelrel and
John L. Contat.
During the past week O. H. Hoag officially vis
ited Dante Grove at Duncan's Mills and Oitario
Grove ut limrneville Die members of Guerne
ville Grove attended the ottario me.-tiiiß In a body,
and the members were deeply Interested in the
degree work
Roma Grove of Oakland installed its officers last
Monday night. There was a large delesa:ion of
Oakland Grove present. A. Lemanza, D. D. G. A.,
presided.
Lust Thursday C. Leister Installed the officers of
Pan i rancisco Grove ana c. D. Evers bose of Eu
reka Grove. On Tuesday L. Baithitto Installed the
officers of (ialileo (iroyt- This grove isrece.vinu
applications ai cv ry meeting.
An enteriainment'. banqoei and ball to the Grand
I.odße representatives is being arranged for the
17. tn of .June.
lerseverance and Celtic groves will picnic at
Fairfax Park on the 'J4th Insi
i he officers of Hesperian and of Golden Star
groves will be installed in Washingtou-square Hall
next Thursday.
Golden Gate Circle initia'en one candidate at its
last held meet lu« The officers of this circle and
those of Boadicea Circle were installed by J Hnt
tou, U D. G. A.
Jr. Order 17 lilted American Mechanic*.
Abraham Lincoln Council will give a smoker to
its friends in tli>- near future.
There wiil bt a. joint meeting of the Alameda
County round s on the 25th inst. in the hall of
Henry Clay Council.
The entertainment to be given by California
Commandery, announced for the 27th Insu, has
been postponed until the 3d of June.
Main councilor Henry C. schaertrer wlil pay an
official visit to the council In Placerville during
tin- latter part of the current mon h.
Alexauder Hamilton Council at its last meeting
initiated three candidates.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
Last Wednesday the new hall of th« A. O. U. W.
In Oakland was dedicated with appropriate exer
cises. The principal addresses were by Grand Mas
ter Workman Vintner and Graud Overseer Her
man Schaffner.
This week Grand Master Workman Vintner will
officially visit Maxwell and Confidence lodges.
Oak Leaf Lodire will hold an open meeting this
evening.
L. CL Kelly, for many years cashier of Satner's
Bank and a member of Oak Leaf Lodge, died re
cently In Honolulu.
Charles 11. Bowcott having resigned the office of
recorder of Unity I od'-e, which position he filled
for many years, Peter D. McCarthy was elected to
fill the vacancy.
On the evening of Wednesday, the 27th inst..
Valley Lodge will confor the Workman degree
upon ten entitled to receive the same. The work
1 will be by the Pacific drill team ana the amplified
ritual will be made use of.
A large number of applications for admission to
membership have recently been received by Yo
semite Lodge of Fresno. • ■
The Mok-ullftns held . a meeting Monday and
adopted a beneliclary f ature to the extent Of 950.
Degree of Honor.
Last Wednesday Silver Spray Lodge gave a
pleasing entertainment In.Shlels' Hall. Frank
Norman gave a piano solo, there was a recitation
by Walter Malloy. Samuel Booth gave a vocal solo
and stereopticon views of points of Interest In Cali
fornia were presented by Samuel Booth and Frank
B. Poland. Dancing and refreshments followed.
Ivy Lodge initiated four members last Wednes
day evening.
Knights of Pythias.
The officers of the California Brigade will meet
in Pythian Castle to-morrow night, when It Is prob
able that a brigadier-general will be elected to fill
the vacancy that will be caused by the removal
from the brigade of the present commanding of
ficer.
The indications ■ are that the reception to be ten
dered to the Grand Lodge by the local lodges In
the Mechanics' Pavilion on Thursday evening, the
21st inst., will be a grand affair. The' uniform
rank members will appear in full uniform during
the evening.
Falrmount Lodge on last Friday entertained Its
friends to a smoker/ There was a large at tendance
and all greatly enjoyed the fine entertainment pro
vided. This lodec, one of the live subordinates,
tins recently received a number of applications for
admission to membership. • -
The First Regiment, uniform rank, will, during
Grand Lodge week, entertain the visiting Sir
Knights at headquarters In Pythian Castle.
San Jose Division No. 8, uniform rank, was one
of the features In the parade in the Garden City
last Wednesday. ■ ■
At its next convention Cinnabar Lodge of New
Almaden will act on throe applications.
The grand lodge convention will hold Its first
session in Union-square Hall on Monday, the 18th,
at 8 o'clock p. m.
The quarterly report of the board of control, en
dowment rank, shows that since the first of the
current year 146 additional sections have been en
rolled and that 3107 applicants were admitted
during the quarter.
During the session of the grand lodge Zerln-Kapl
Temple, D. O. K. X., will hold a number of meet
ings to give tyros an opportunity to make a pil
grimage to the stirlne. as required of them. The
officers are making preparations for a grand pre
sentation In costume of the '-work."
The Rathbone Sisters.
Last Thursday evening San Fruncisco Temple
fff.s honored by a visit, the visitors being Grand
Chief Mrs. M. H. \Vel<lon of Grass Valley. Mrs.
Holmes, the grand mistress of records and corre
spondence, and kn^hts and ladies of Eas: Oakland
Temple. Two candidates were initiated and at
the meeting next Thursday night five more will
be admitted to membership. After the temple
closed those preßpnt were entert&ined*at a collation
gotten up by the local lodge.
Young Men's Institute.
Cooper Council of Ocean View will hold an open
meeting, probably on the first Thursday in June.
i Wit. llun Council cf Salinas will at the next ses
sion of the Grand Council endeavor to have the
succeeding Grand Council meet in that city.
Golden Ga'.e Council will give an entertainment
in t'nion-square on the 18th inst.
On the 14th inst. Pioneer Council will hold "high
jinks" at headquarters: Birmingham Council will
Kive an entertainm nt In Union-square Hall and
Mission Council will give an anniversary ball In
Mission Parlor nail, N. s. (;. \\\
The grand directors held a meeting on Saturday,
the 3d inst., nnd will probably not meet again un
til the meeting of the Graud Council.
Following is the list of delegates to the Grand
Council received since the last publication;
No. 43— P. Prlnceville. J. Heanv: alternates— H
C. Hall. J. T. Doyle, No. 21. Rev. M. D. Klattery;
alternate, P. Farrell. No. 9— E. Counihan J. F
Burns: alternates— J. T. Keed. J. C. Cacahash No
115— F. B. Hooson, F. S. Terry: alternates-J. B.
Rose, J. Dias No. 307— W. H. Brown. John R.
Walker; alternate.-!— John Mc<irath. John Dalv
>'o. 304— Rfv. R. M. Mesters, W. B. Haywood, D'r
J. Hir!7. No. 44— T. 11. Miller, Thomas Maloney ;
alternates— J. If. Bruen, George Millas. No. 14—
J. B. Dockwellpr, J. P. Montgomery. No. 125— J
T. Caff icy. M. J. Souza; alternates— C. J. Aupusto
F. A. Calderia. No. 35— Frank McOlynn, Hugh,
Mcfiinnls; alternates— John H. Sheehan, A B.
•Smith.
Improved Order Ked Men.
Last Wednesday Great Chief Jackson, accompa
nied by Past Great Chiefs Josselyn and Belts,
Great Guard of the Wigwam G. W. Collins, ArMng
Great Sannap P. L. Bliss and delegations from
Pawnee, Tecumseh and Pottawattamie Tribes,
paid a visit to Comanche Tribe at Klmhurst, on
which occasion two palefaces were adopted.
On last Wednesday Great Chief of Records Burg
man paia an official visit to Gray Eagle Tr.he In
Oakland, and delivered a very Interesting address.
He was accompanied by Deputy Thomas Camp
bell. ■
Pottawattamle Tribe of ITaywards. recently In
stituted, has a number of propositions on which it
will act at its next meeting.
On last Friday evening Great Chief A. Jackson
paid a visit to Arapahoe Tribe In this City.
Modoc Tribe conferred the third degree at Its
last meeting.
Osceola Tribe had several adoptions last Monday
Red Cloud, Red Jacket ann Cosumnes Tribes
of Sacramento will jointly celebrate Tammany day
by a picnic.
The great sachem will visit Osceola Tribe to
night, White Kagle to-morrow, Oshonee on
Wednesday, Pawneeon Thursday and Tecumseh
on t riday.
Degree of Pocahontan.
At the recent Institution of Minewawa Council
at Klmhurst, Miss Carrie Johnson, great
prophetess, acted for the great pocahontaa, Miss
M. Mabel Curtis. BhewM assisted by Mrs. L. J.
I'inWham; Miss Kate Miles, first great scout: Miss
Fredenburr, second great scout; Miss Annie
Kelly, gnat w enowah; H. ft. Wlnn, great keeper
of records; Mr. Coons, great Powhattan: Mr. Duu
del, first great councilor; James Hagan, second
great councilor; Miss Agnes McMahon irreat.
prophetess; Mrs. Lizzie Holland, first great run
ner; Mrs. James Hagan. second great runner-
Miss Lanrine '1 illy, treat guard of the wigwam-
Mrs. R. h.. W alworth. great guard of the forl-st
After the ceremony of Institution, the team of
Poranontas Council of this city, numbering twenty
members, exemplified the adoption work on forty
six palefaces. The work was none <xceedlneiv
well and the team deserves great praise fur its
efforts^ Those who as-Htert were: Miss Laurlne
Till,-, Pocahontas: Miss Josm Walworth. first Icout;
Mrs. H. t. Walwor.h, second scout; Mrs Lizzie
Holland prophetess: Miss Agnes McMahon
Wenowah; Miss Kate Miles, first runner- Mis,
Hagan. second runner: Thomas M. xearey, Pow
hattan; Mr. Coons, first councilor- Mr. Daudel
second councilor; Messrs. Henry. And.'rson. liat
lleld and Cole acted as warriors; James Jlagau
keeper of the fore ,t : Mrs. James Hagan, keepeVol
the wigwam: Miss Maud Josselyn, keener of
records: M,ss Annie Kelly, or K .nlst. Aft£ the
adoption ceremony was over, those in waitinc «d
-feas't"was°,pr hh e < ad bßnqUei - rOOm Where a «"»Ptnoi
Knight* of Honor.
Grand. Dictator Archibald was in Los Angeles
last Thursday; on Friday he visited San Diego- on
Tuesday he will be in Fresno, and on the • l»th he
will be in Modesto. . As a result of his visit in the
soutlurn p^rt 'of the State there have been sev
"nn I s 5l5 l t rtc ' dfor the o.ganizatlon of new lodges.
inS_S r fl gin 0 J. I SS.j3S2: Keyetone
fall on the 30! h or June, Is being agitate" Varh
fail on the 30th of June, Is being agitated Each
Iod?e will be asked to «end delegates to a «..,'«»
th, n Hffa»r c . c Wlt " * Vl8 T tO »™n meuu ( fw
District Deputy Ben 1. Solomons paid oill.ial
visits to Keystone and Fidelity ledges last week!
Xiii K in, and Ladies of Honor.
Grand Protector I.auder was tendered a recep
tion on the *9tli of last month by Equity and Uar
mony lodges at Hacramento, which met in joint
session. He witnessed an Initiation, after which In
resionse to a call, he delivered ai, eloquent 'ad
dress, which was loudly applauded. At the rhmi. h n
was surrounded by the Knight, and Ladle, who
iterally covered him with flowers. This was fol
lowed by v dnnce and banquet
Aurora Lod^e !,b.x made arrangements for a
f| rßl !jex? lnme " l l ° b " KiVe " On Monuav even-
The entertainment given by Verba But- na Lodte
of Shi .lose r.cently at Y. U. 1. Hall was ai rfi
llant affhlr. a very Inn-resting and . ntertainin
progriiinnie was successfully carried out.
Native Bom of the Golden West.
The following have been appointed as the com
miiteeou ritual: J; rank L. Coombs tchalrmau) J
D. Phelan, M. A. Data, k\ L. Byington and J. " L.
Cioary.
Stockton Parlor has already felt the effects of the
recent session of the i.rand Parlor. Thirteen can
didates were presented for lueiobershio at the last
held session.
George I). Clark, grand vice-president, a member
of Pacific Parlor, was the guest of honor last Tues
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, 3IAY 11, 1896.
day at the banquet tendered him by that parlor.
Addre-ses were made by the guest, by Grand
Trustees Hush and Kyan, Grand Secretary I.un
stetit and Past lirands Worn and Miller, and othcis
Past Urand President Stembach was toast-master.
t>eputy Grand President Cady on the Ist Insl. re
organized the parlor al Quincy, Plumas County.
1 had MeFarland of Uranlte Parlor, at one time a
prominent member of the Grand Parlor, died in
Folsoin last week.
The per capita tax bas been fixed at 80 cents-
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
There was a pretty ceremony last Monday in con
nection with the unfurling of a rlajt at the meeting
of Minerva Parlor. The flag was unfurled by First
(irand V ice-President Mrs. Mary Tillman, assisted
by allss Annie L. Donaldson. While the flag was
bring unfurled Miss Milloglave. the orsranlst, ren
dered In excellent style "The Red, White and
Hlue." Mrs. Tlllman delivered a short patriotic
address, which was listened to with marked atten
tion and responded to with appropriate language
by President Carrie Creleh of Minerva Parlor. This
parlor has elected as delegates to the tirund Parlor
Carrie Crelgh and Annie L. Donaldson and Hattie
-Murray und Mageie Wall as alternates.
i>a Kstrella Parlor No. 89 will be instituted in
Native sons' Hall next Tuesday evening.
The following parlors hava efected delegates to
the (irand Parlor: Alta Parlor No. 3— Mrs. J. A.
stelnbach, Miss May Nutinn, Miss May King, Mrs.
BLConnox and Miss Lizzie Jiouglass: Oro Fino
I'arlor No. 9-.Ml.ss Ruby Manzer and Mrs. Mo
laiiKhlln; Orinao Parlor No. 66, Miss Anne Oru
ber; Kremont Parlor No. 59, -Mrs. Daniel Daniels;
I'.u.-na Vista Parlor No. 68— Mrs. Annie Simpson,
Miss ldaUurborina and MHs Mac Tower.
The oldest native daughter who has ever joined
» parlor is Cathrlne D. Gomez of 1402V a Powell
street, who on Saturday, May 2, was initialed into
Alta Parlor No. 3. Mrs. Gomez was born in the
lower part of the State sixty-three years ago. Her
parents were natives of California.
Order Chosen Friends.
Last Saturday the initiatory team Initiated ten
candidates.
The entertainment in honor of th« seventeenth
anniversary of the foundation of the order will be
given in jj. b. Hall on the evening of the 28th.
Grand Councilor Boehm visited Amprlcan
Council last Tuesday, and Samaritan Council on
Wednesday. He will be in Ukiah witn the An
cient Order of Foresters next wwk, will visit the
council In Ukiah and the one in Wlllets.
On Friday the grund councilor issued hU first
olliclal circular This refers to the recent session
of the Graud Council, the laws of the order, the ap
pointment of district deputies, and the offer of
three prizes to Individual members of councils who
from May to September will Introduce into the
order the greatest number of new members. First
prize $50, second .f 30 and tblid 920.
Past Supreme Courtcllor Arnold visited Acorn
Council In Oakland last week, and Past Grand Coun
cilor Sewell visited I'.onita Council in the same
city. Both were official visits.
Past (.rand Councilor Selvege left for the Kast
last week and while in New Yom will call on Su
preme Councilor Morse.
wrand Recorder Wallis left for the East last
week and during his absence the duties of his
office will be performed by Mrs. OL R. Sam. secre
tary of Kvans Council.
Royal Arran ii in.
A new council now organizing met lastThunu
day In Native Sons' Hall. A preliminary organi
zation was effected, the attendance of prospective
members being suftiicently larpe to warrant such
action. It Is expected that the new council will
be instituted in the near future.
Regent Whitney of Argonaut Council will re
turn to-day from his southern tour. While in Los
Angeles he was well received by Los Angeles and
Suuset councils, both of which are reported as pro
gressive ones. On the occasion of Sunset's annual
festival Recent Whitney was the speaker chosen :
to talk up the order, and he did that most success 1
fully.
Supreme Treasurer E. A. Skinner, who for
many years has held that office. Is reported dan
gerously 111 at his home In Westfleld, N. Y. The
members of the order In this State will remember
him and his vltit to this coast some time a«c : also
the many pleasing features thereof. Ills cental
and sterling qualities, then . manifested, were such
as to create a lasting regard for him. both in his
oHlclal and personal capacity. It is the hope of all
that he may soon recover.
Woodmen of the World.
Golden <:a:»» Camp goes along with rapid strides,
leading the procession. Its increase meeting, so
cials and workers have resulted in the initiation of
choppers at every meeting. This camp will on the
3d of June hold another open increase meeting.
Mission Camp will have a social ni«ht in Mission
Parlor Hall. N. 8. G. W., on the 22d Inst. A good
programme has been prepared and the members
look for encouraging results.
Western Addition Camp, the baby camp, is but
three weeks old, yet tt is already making a stir,
and shows signs of taking an active part in the
work. Two candidates were initiated at the last
meeting.
Redwood Camp is also making a good showing,
and a few candidates are added to the membership
every now and then. Yesterday its picnic was
given at Harbor View. There were speeches,
songs, tugs-of-war and many other diversions. Ail
who participated expressed satisfaction at the
ontlnu.
Last Mondny the amplified degree team of Oak
land Camp conferred the Oriental degree on ten
visitors from Almond Camp of Vacaville The
team also initiated eight candidates in the presence
of Consul Commander Oilroy of Golden Gate
(amp.
The Woodmen of Alameda hud their annual out-
Ine at San Loic>nzo grove on Sataiday, the 3d Inst
There were ov< r one thousand Woodmen present
representing fifteen camps. A tug-of-war and a
wood-chopping contest were features of the day.
The election for delegate to the district conven
tions will be held in every camp at the last held
meeting in the current month.
There will be o c assessment, No. 72, for May.
Knights of the Maccabees.
Last Friday evening there was a good attend
ance at the meeting of San Francisco Tent, held In
Alcazar building, and those present were treated
to interest n{ and Instructive addresses.
The same night (State Deputr S VV. Hall Insti
tuted a new tent in the Western Addition wlih a
good charter rolL
It is reported that a number of new tents have
been staked out In this City, and that there is a
great deal of activity tn the order.
National UnioD.
During 1895 this order paid out $240,000 in
death claims.
Pacific Council gave an open smoker in Red
Men's Hall last Wednesday, and there was a large
attendance. Kan Francisco Council adjourned
wltnout transacting any business and went over in
a body to attend this smoker. An excellent pro
irramme of songs, recitations and addresses was
presented. I'he principal address was by General
Deputy Wells, who will soon leave this coast for
Texas, where he will engage In rleld work
President Dillon acted as master of ceremonle/
Ten applications were received.
Senator McOone having gone Ksst to reside the
assembly will soon oe called upon to elect a suc
cestor.
1 Ik annual session of the Wenate will be held In
Chicago next month.
Tbf smoker of Golden Gate Council last Thurs
day was voted a great success, twenty-five applica
tions for membership having been filed. An enter
taining programme wa* offered to those who at
tenrte<l.
The order will celebrate its fifteenth anniversary
on the 14th Inst. The first council was started
55 000 members and at Present the order shows
Last Wednesday California Council Initiated
nine candidates and El Mnrado Council on Friday
received five appl cations. These councils will
give smokers in the near future.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
Pacific (ast lc paid a fraternal visit to Qolden
Gate Castle last week. On next Tuesday night
Golden GHte Castle will pay a return visit and will
be accompanied by California Castle, and on that
occasion tne second degree will be conlerred
California Castle since It has moved Into Native
Hons Hall bas taken a new lease of life and Its
meetlnes are well attended, not only by the mem
bers bat by visit o s. This castle will hold and In
crease meeting on Wednesday night.
Alpha Cirri ■, Ladles of the Golden Kagle cave a
Pa !, tr , l . a u t i'' ri ' lay evenlng - Tne hall was crowded
and al! had a good time.
Order of the World.
Columbus Lodge was instituted last Wednesday
evening by Mrs. H. »Vorms, assisted by 11. R.
Peltz of Silver Star Lodge, the work being per
formed In the German language. The following
n»med were elected officers: C. O. Nlxdorf, P. P •
B. A. Hamman. P.; F. Hllplsh, V. P.; Mrs. F. Nix
dorf chaplain: R. Langer, secretary: Charles
inrlgh, treasurer; Chartes Bush, nisrsliul- H
1-rederich, Insldo guard; Otto Koch, sen inel; Dr.
I. X Lord, physician; A. K. Drewitz. druggist •
Mrs. A. t. Drewitz, .Mrs. H. Frederlch and L.
Kuroder, trustees. After the Installation the
charier memb>rs, thirty-two in number, and vls
ltori from vnrious lodges were Invited to a spread
in the banquet hall. *-•»=•«
P.epons from other local lodges show that they
Grand Army of tho Republic.
The Southern California Veteran Association
will hold an encampment at Ventura from July 1
to July 10. A beautiful spot under the shade of
cypress trees has been chosen, and there tents will
be put up and a regular encampment laid out In
munition of encampments of war times, but of
course with a little more comfort. There the old
soldiers and their families will camp, an 1 around
ih evening fires they will recount the old stories
of battles fought and victories won.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George W. and Mary 8. Halgtit to Caroline L.
Parker. lot on N line of Green street, 185 X of Van
« , n S avenue, N 190, NE 30, E 8, S 205:9. \V 34 ;
|pH^HUM(|V)_ftMKV^^'Vßitt_ttH94Mbfl_^_^_|_Mo~i
- Oliver B. Martin to John J. and Theodora M
Deane, lot on line iof Gough street, 25 . S of Val
lejo, s 22:6 by X 90; »10!
Emily B. Hopkins to I stdor; Schwartz, lot on se
corner of Clay and Buchanan streets, ■ 137:6 by
Islrtor Schwartz to Nettle -Schwartz, same: gift
I. M. and I aura H. Scott to Alice W. Brown lot
on VV corner of .laftkson nnd Pierce streets VV
S4:4V«i by N 127:8 V*: gitt.
Robert E. Mullin to Llllie I. Mullin. undivided
one-fifth of lot on W line of Bright street, 150 s of
Randolph, * 26 by W 100: also undivided one- fifth
v I°k ?:>2l? :> 2l£ c of , Oal£ Btreet ' 10 ° E°' Broderlck;-
E !i6 by 8 137:6; also undivided one-fifth of lot on
NW corner of Fulton and Webster streets, W 27:6
by N 80: also unalviaed- one-fifth oriot;on_sb
line of .stevenson street, 150 NX of s-ixth, NE J6
5 «2£. also undivided one-tif h of lot on S line
of Golden .ate avenue, 137:6 Wof Hyde, 8 137:8
ny vv 34:4^* grant. ' "■* * '■■ iLi ♦•s*•*-••"•
 ' * nd , r * w «■ Mccreerv to Frank Robb, lot o , «£
I .l ne ,°, f , Baker street, 87:6 N of McAllister, * 25 by
W 121:101/2: also lot on N line of McAllister
rreet, m : o*i0 *i * of Baker. VV 25 by " 137:6:
.T-IhJS. . ;• *
v. Kr"ederick H. Wheeler (formerly Kalbflel.ch) to
* !l »raF. -Mitchell, lot on N line of .Page street,
106:3 X of Clayton. E 60 by N 137:6: $10.' , (
J Angelo Beretta to Let:a Beretta, lot on E Mne of
locust street, 127:814 N of Jackson, X 13i :B, N
to Mine of . Presidio reservation, SW to Locust. s
to beginning; aiso lot on MW corner of sacra
mento and Htelner streets. W 31:9 by N 103; also
lot on 8 line of cfay 8t , 103 E of Polk. E 77:10%
by a 127:8y 4 : also property in Alameda County :
John Coop and James W. Smith to Otto T.
Mildebrecht. lot on B line of Belvedere street, 160
A of Frederick, N2sby B Ml lOi/j: 910. • ■ •'-■ ■
Ellen Ladd to William D. Ladd, lot on E line of
Mirader street, 50 N of Beulah, N 25 by E 110;
Bridget McPartland (nee McFadden) to Bernard
Conwav, lot on SE line of Folsom street, 125 »W
of Ninth, SW 25 by SE 96: 8170. ■••'^ ' .
Michael McFadden to same, same: *170.
Martin McFailden to same, same; $170. ;
Daniel McFadden to same same: $170.
Miles McFadden to same, same: $170. ' _, ,
Mar ha J. Larrlmoreto Glovann: Chlappari, lot
on sw line of Montgomery avenue, 58:2*4 ***
from a point 137:6 Eof Powell street and 15:4' i
8 of Union, SW 4:6, S 74:1, B 29:3, N 46, NW 40;
Louis H. ana Isabel A. Nolte"to Frederick Marks,
lot on N line of Green street, 160:6 W of Mason.
W 22:11 by N 137:6; $1.
# Frederick Marks to Vincenzo A. Fabrls, fame:
♦ 10.'-*' -..-..
William Hendrlckson to Josephine Hendrickson,
lot on W corner of Third and Howard streets, 8W
75 by KW3O; gift.
Same to same, lot on W corner of Third and
Bryant streets, NW 80 by SW 115: gift. ■:■■>■■>
Jacob Lev! Sr. : to H. Lev! * Co., lot on SE line
of Braunan street. 276 SW of Third, SW 137:6 by
*H '.275: also lot on NE line of Crook street, 1i»7:6
»VV of Townsend, N \V 124 by > B 6b:S: 810. .#"«
Potrero Laud and Water front Company to F. X.
and Annie Walker, lot on V. line of Pennsylvania
avenue, 175 Sof Yolo, 825 by E 100; $10. 
• H. C. and Mary J. Jeffreys to Felix Marcuse and
J. A. Remmel, lot on W line of Tennessee street,
316:8 N of Twenty-second (Sierra), N 35 by W
J.iuini T. Edwards (nee McKoe) to Charles E.
and Cl«ra E. Baker, lot on W line of First avenne,
172 N of Clement street, >' 25 by W 120; $10.
Susie M. Mcciure to F. W. Bridge, lot on E line
of Kecond avenue, 176 N of Clemc-iit street, N 25
by X 120; $10.
Thomas W. and Sarah K. Taylor to Patrick
ONelll, lot on S line of Clement street, 105 W of
Fifteenth avenue, W 25 by 8 100; $10.
M. McCann to L E. Jarn-tt. lot on s line of B
street, 33:10 W of Thirteenth avenue, W 9t5: 11, S
168. X 121:6, NW 160; $125.
J. P. Frenna to same, lot on S line of B street.
82:10 W of Thirteenth avenue, W 96:11, S 168, E
1J1:5, NW 169:8%: $125.
I. E. Jarrett to Milton E. Babb. same: $600.
Lucius and Fannie D. Green to Hosurio Cesena,
lot on E line of Forty-fifth avenue, 124 S of W
street, S 25 by E ISO; $10.
Same to Annie E. Dickinson, lot on SW corner of
W street and Fort y- fifth avenue, E 132:6, S 100,
W 12:6. S 27, W 12*0, N to beginning; $10.
Spring Valley Water Works to Florence F.
Sohultz, lot on W line of Tweti leth avenue, 150 N
of Lake, W 120. N 130:0' •, Bto Twentieth
avenue, S 110:11^: $1.
ALAMEDA COINTY.
W. A. Holromb to County of Alameda, lot on
NW corner ot Moss avenue and Linda Vista ter
race, W 20. N to n line lands of Holcomb. X 20,
s to beginning, for a public street, Oakland Town
ship: grant.
Charles A. and Alice C. Ballev to Margaret E.
• ■wens, lot on W line of Edith street, 100 N of Vir
ginia, N 90 by W 100, being lots 3 and 4, block C,
Kdftfa Tract, Berkeley $5.
Frank Flsk to Mariou Fisk, lot on S lino of Cen
tral avenue, 400 w from W boundary line of Teu
tonia Homestead Tract. W 25, s 486.81 to EC line
of subdivisions 31 and 32 of section 10. Township
2 south, range 4 W, E 25 to point due 8 ot the
point of beginning, thence N to beginning; Ala
meda: gift.
J. A. and Elizabeth H. Remmel to David Clark,
lot on W line of Bay street. 83:4 S of Railroad
ay -tine. 8 t>6 :B by W 100, being the 8 66-8 of lots
72 and 7.1. Enclual Park Tract. Alameda: $10.
K. J. (Jr.) and Laura de sabla to Joseph Bran
denstem, lo". on SE corner of Paci lie avenue and
Benton street, E 49:4' ■_ S 100. W 41:3*4. E
10<>:2i-2, to beginning, being lot 8, block 31, Fitch
Tract, Alameda; $10.
Julius Volkerts to Herrmann Wink, lot on W
line of Castro street, 65 N of Dean, N 80, SW 150.
BE 30, N'K 150, to beginnini;, Havwards, Edeu
Township; $490.
Samuel A. Champlin to Robert EL Champlln, lot
ou S W corner of Twenty-second and Curtis s'.reets.
W 50 hy S 80:4, block H, Curtis Jt Williams'
Tract. Oakland; $25.
C. W. and Jessie Tappan to R. B. Tappan, lot on
N line of Clinton avenue, 300 W of Walnut street,
W 50 by N 150. Alameda; rift
F. and Sophie Senator to into Schafer, lot on W
line of Benton street, 50 N of Railroad avenue, N
30 by W 150, Alameda; $10.
Charles A. Wetmore to Theodor* Gier, all those
portions of subdivisions 11 and 12. map of sub
division of Cresta Baora. in plats 32 and 33 of
Rancbo El Vulle de San Jose, which lie within the
exterior boundaries of plat 32, Itancho El Valle de
San Jose, opon map ocrompanytnt; report ot
referee In partition in case of A. Bernal et a!, vs
Juan f. Bernal et al., Murray Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
G. D. Macy with Knox & Cook, to erect a two
story frame building on 8W corner of Fulton and
Scott street*, *4950; Edgar A. Mathews, archi
tect.
l>r. Julius Rosenstirn with rS. Gilette, excava
tion und concrete wor* tor a five-story building on
NW'coroiT of .suiter aud Hyde streets, $8245;
Sal field A Kohlber*. architects.
Lizzie .1. Miinptiill with J. 11. McKay, alterations
and additions to a three-story frame building on 4
line of Post street,6B:9 W of Taylor, ■VJ7I6; B.
MclKMigall A son, architects.
L. Shilling with ii. P. GlllAsple, to erect a ons
storj' building nn SK corner of Ueary and Franklin
streets, f 5700; saltleid <fc Kohlberg, architects.
Explanation.
-♦ " arrow files with tb» wind. Th« top figures
■l station Indicate maximum tt-mixrirur- for th»
aays; thoic underneath it. If any, the •mount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches and hundredth*,
daring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
liaes, connect points of. equal air pressure; ;ao
ir cr or dotl * d Unes, equal temperature. he
I word "Wen" means high barometric pressure and
la usually accompanied by fair wia her: "low"
rwrs to low pressure, and is u«uullr preceded
S?^J*n COn>p led by cloudy. weather and rain*.
™£?8? 8 . "» u » ll y flrst appear on the Washington
1 £^i'«J *? en lne P«*«ure It high In th» Interior
«S«v J ? Dg the coast, and "the Isobars extend
; north and south alon < f the cc 0 *"1" 1 - rain ts probable;
but when th.- " 1 " " Inclosed with Isobars of
' ah?P \v C f! ll K Va ", 1 V 1 raln "° uln of Ore Bon Is improb
able. \\ lth a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho; and
up f£ " re f*lllDßf * IIIDB t0 the California coast, warmer
«».., nTmR bee:l P ectea in summer and colder
i •fn «™i'" wlnler - he reverse of these condition,
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHKR BUKKAU REPOBT.
Unitkd Statks Dxfartmknt of Aoßirt't.-
TfRK. WKATIIKR liORKAf, SaN KKANCISCO,
Mn.v 10, 1896, 6 p. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
. The following, are 'the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Enrcka 49 23, last season 41.91; Rod Bluff 20.92/
last season 26.25; Man Francisco 20.67, last season
26.41; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San Luis
Obispo 17.64, last season 25.83; Los Angeles 9.35.
last season 18.04: San Diego 5.92. last season
12.16:Yuma.88, last season 3.01. •-
The ■ following maximum ' tern pern tu res aro re
ported 10-dsy from stations In California during
the past twenty-four hours: Eureka r 6tf,' lied Bluff
68, San Francisco 66, Fresno 70, Han Luis Oblspo
70. Los Angeles 68, San Diego 64, tftUß* 82. ' ■
U r m n 4 C 6*mean t 5T MM * XlmUni tCmperatUre 60 ' f
fonlia dnri°n Wl . D h* ralnfall » re reported from Call
-1 lwent >"'° 1 " hour,: Eureka
: twXhZ ar ? hh ' 8 ' flUlen rapidly. In' the" past
nTa and sre^° "V " CO st of «h«n Callfor
ofNl«f.hT D : At X" I*l1 * 1 " 1 there has been a fall
10of an lnih CI J ". Uri " C the I>llst tWelVl> nol >" ™>
which nd?cie "TL"" '^.P* 11 'wohoura- all of
vwiitn inaicates the rapid approach of a laree
••^ m n n^»- Haln Is falling with southeast wind,
iuSlv I°°"' lrom I<;u^ k " lo Frirl l'»nhy and
probably even north of Fort Cnnby. A maximu
hubi^.l^f l ,h« Washington coast. Thewcaihcr
has been clear in California souta. ol the fortieth
parallel. Rain Is fallluK in Utah. The temrera
ture nas risen throogbonl California. Nevada,
I-.astern Oregon and Idaho. It has fallen over
T'ttih nnrt Arizona. Unsettled weather with south
east winds and rain is likely to prevail throughout
California Sunday night »ntl Monday forenoon.
Forecast made At San Francisco for thirty hours
ending mldnlKht. Muv 11, 1896.
Northern California — Unsettled weather, with
shower 3 to-night and Monday: fresh southeasterly
winds.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather, probably showers iv northern portion
Monday: warmer in eastern portion; fresh south
west winds.
Nevada— Cloudy weather and probably rain in
northern portion -Monday.
Utah— Ham to-night: probably fair Monday;
warmer.
Arizona— Cloudy weather; warmer In western
portion Monday.
San Francisco and vlclnltv— Unsettled weather,
probably showers Sunday night and Monday ; fresh
southeasterly winds.
AIMAXDEB a McAniK,
lx>cal Forecast Official
THE CALL CALLENDAR
May, 1896.
Bu. Mo. Tu.|W. Th. Fr.
_
3 4 5 0 7 8
10 11 |12 13 jl4| IB
17 18 19 |20 21 22
24 25 26 27 28 29
Sa-I Moon's Phases.
2
\< / Last Quarter.
**■/ May 4.
9 — — ;
— - 4Rh New Moon.
16 j^P May i 2.
23 /-ViFlrst Quarter
I \J) May 19.
30 I
\nS\ Full Moon.
OCEAN STEAMERS
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
'STKAMER.
iMTsons ..
Eureka .....
D0ric........
Sunol
S»n itoiL.
inn
Bljue of <_«.
Weeott .:;..
Coos 8ay....
I'oruona.....
L'maUllft....
Bt Paul-....
I aralion....
Empire.....
Corona
Colombia...
Columbia...
Arcata.'. ....
| DKMTINATIO.V. i
SAILS.
! PIER.
Grain Haroor. lMayll.s pm — — —
Newoort ...... Mayll, Bam Pier 11
ChlnaAJanan. Ma>l2, 3pm PMB 6
Grays Harbor. Mayl'J.l2 m Pier '£
San"Dle?o Mayl3.llAii Pier 11
Coos ua> Mayl3.loAH Pier 13
Portland Mayl 3,10 am Pier
Eel Hiver MaylS. 9am Pier 13
Mexico Mayl3,loAM Bdwy 2
Humboldtßa? | MaylS. 'Ith Pier 9
Vie & l*zt Una May 14. 9am , Pier 9
NewDort Maylt). 9am Pierll
laaulna Bar.. '- May 16. 9am Pier 2
Oregon ports., i May 16, 6pm Pier 13
San Diego..... ' May 17,1 i Pier 11
Panama 'Maylß.l3 m PMSS
Portland Maylß,loAM Pier 24
Oreeon ports . . ' Marlß.lQpw JTXrr 24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
SrHMKK
FeoM
■DVK
inn Coot Bar j ..May 11
K»uujtoi». *an JJimtL ..May 11
Progressist....:. Departure Bay May 11
Pomona, flumboidt liar May 12
StPanl... ; Newport. ..May 13
China............ China and Japan May 13
Washtenaw Tacotna .May 13
Empire.........: Portlana ...... Mayl4
Farallon.; Yaaulna is ay May 14
Corona Kan Ulego. May 15
Crescent City. Crescent City- May 15
City of PueDla.. , Victoria & Pu«et riouna ..May 15
Columbia Portland May 15
City of Sydney. Panama „ May 15
Australia....'.... Honolulu May 16
Kureka .....Newport ..... v May 17
Arcata... P0rt1and.......... May 17
San 81m.....-.;. Panama ......■•. ...... May 18
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. B. Coast and «KODKTIC SITBVBT Tidx^
,• BtTLLKTisr PfBLIBHKD BT OFFICIAL V
AUTHOBITY OF THE SDPKBI.N'TKNDRN-T, ) '
Jluuuair "*' Ai - .
n n rlsM Mil! Monti rIMS
!in ku 7.11 Moon sets
3.53 am
May -1890.
r|L \V |H W |L W| H \V
11; 4.66| 0.3;i1.6T! 3.7! 4.14 1.M|10.22| 6.3
[■>'• 8.V91-0.2112.45 3.6 ' 4.471 2.1110.50; 6 5
LSJ 6.0*;— 0.5, 1.36 3.6' 5.24! 2.211.17 &«
14 6.45-0.7 L 2.25 3.4 6.05 3.5.11.47! 6.7
LB 7.28 ; -o.B' 3.16 I.S 6.48 2.7'
11 W feel L W Peat H W Fen L W Feet
IB 0.25 6.7 1 8.11 -1.0 4.06 3.7; 7.46 3 l
17 I.la 5.2 ; 8.00 0.8 454 41! 9.00 3.1
Notk— In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence a* to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The height* given are additions to the
soundings on the United (Hates Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractlve
from the depth Kivi'ti hy < he charts.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
SUNDAY, May la
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 20 hours from Moss Land
ing and way ports: produce, to Goodall, Perkins <fc
Co. '
Ptmr State of California, Ackley. 52Vi hours fm
Portland, via Astoria 41 Vj hours; pass und mdse,
to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Htmr Umatllla. Hunter. 60 hours from Victoria;
pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Downing, 100 hours from New
port and way ports: produce, to Goodall. Perkins
<tCo.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney. 20 hours from Eel
River; pass and mdse. to Rtiss, Sanders A Co.
Htmr Noyo. Levlnson. It hours from Fort Bragg:
pass nnd mdse, to J s Kimball.
ftrar Caspar, Anfindsen. 46 hours from liuen
eme: produce, to the Field * Stone Co.
Btmr Newsboy, Fosen. 19 hours from Usal:
bound for San Diego: put In for coal.
Kchr Nettle Low. Low, tf hours from Point
Reyes: 40 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer & Co; 20
cs cream, to Point lleyes Creamery Co.
Schr Western Home, Neilsnn, 3 days from Coos
Bay: lumber, to E B Dean <ft Co.
sel.r Newark. Beck, 4 days from Redondo; bal
last, to F Heywood.
Schr uotama, Brissem, 9 days from Coos Bay;
225 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnsou, 48 hours from Eu
reka; lumber to Chas Nelson. Up river direct.
Sailed.
SUNDAY. May 10.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson.
Srhr Archie and FontiP. Colstrup, Stewarts Point.
s, hr Corinthian. Zaddart. Hearns Landing.
Schr Qlendale. Johnson, Champerlco.
Schr Dalsr Rowe. Olsen. Coos Bay.
schr Amethyst, Holland. Wnldport.
Hchr Eureka, Wlrschuleit. Coquille River.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. May 10-10 p. M. — Weather
cloudy, wind SW; velocity IB miles.
Spoken.
May 9-Battleship Oregon, 13 miles Sof Point
Sur.
DoineHtlo Ports.
PORT TOWNSKND-Returned May 10- c chr
Reporter, from Port Blakeley for Newport. Cap
tain broke his leg. Mate proceeds with vessel
TATOOSII- Passed in May 10-schr J A Camp
bell, from Newport for Port Blakelev.
ASTORIA- Arrived May 10-stmr Columbia, tc
May H; stmr Arcata. hence May 4 via Eureka.
Saile.l May 10— schr Louis, for Shanghai: schr
Bailor Boy. for Rftdondo.
VENTURA— Arrived May 10— Schr Oeo Loorats
heme May 9, and sailed for San Francisco.
FORT BKAGG— Arrived May 10-Ucur Abbte,
from Monterey.
USAL— sailed May 10— Stmr Newsboy, for Re
dondo, via San Francisco.
MEXnoci NO— Arrived May 10— Stmr Navarro,
hence May 9.
MoTimrnt. of Tr-kTi«- VMnntin Sr.e»ner».
NEW YORK— Arrived May 10— Stmr Rpaarn
dam, trom Rotterdam; s'.iur Alsatia. from Mediter
ranenn ports; stmr Sorento, from Hamburg: simr
MiHti{«piiipi, from London.
HAVRE— Arrived out May 9— Stmr La Bre
tasne.
UUKENSTOWN-Sailed May 10-Stmr Campa
nia, for New York,
LlZAßD— Passed May 10— Stmr Kensington, fm
Antwerp for New York.
DOVER- Passed May 10 — Stmr Halle, from
Rrrmen for N>w York.
I'll ILA DELPHI A — Arrived May 10 — Btmr
Waesland, from Liverpool via Queenstown.
r <■•""•': Importations.
• PORTLAND— Per State of California— B32 gun
nies 4417 sks flour. 41 sks wool. 331 1 sks bran. 105
ska onions, 6039 Sks potatoes, 14 Mft lumber, 97
bbl heads, 11 «i 7 nbooks. 610 cs milk, 250 hi i
hemp. 506 bdla hides and pelts, 283. pes furniture,
1844 pkgs bapt-r.
Astoria— U- pkgs express, . 140 sks oysters, 1766
bdls shouks. ' hi r _ 1 ' iLit'it'' l«>iiiitb > i'Tißv-— r°n J
FORT BRAGG— Per Noyo— 39 bdls hides, 2 bdls
bottles, 2 bdls pelts, 1 sk tails, 258,856 ft lumber. 1
sk tail. .4, . ...■ .... ........
: PORT KENVON-P?r Weeott-189 bxs butter.*
2 bbls lard, 104 bis excelsior, 2 cs butter moulds. 1
cb groceries, 8 okss household goods, 2 cans 1 bbl
tallow, 5 green hides, 17 sks 21 bdls green bides, 1
ski bill dry hides, ' 1 sk horns, 1 cow, 1 calf, 67
hoes, 51 dressed calves.'
75 PORT HARFORD-Per Bonlta— Bßo ' sks bitu
minous rock, 63 hogs. :■ . ■. . :
Ventura— 92 sheep. . . -
• GoictK— 45 tons- aspbaltum.
Santa Crux Island— 2 bdls dry pelts, 1030 sheep,
1 bbl wine. •., ••• " , ■ •
'. Lompoc Landing— 6o bdls green hides, 1 lias sam
ple si ed, 111) ' bxs butter. 37 sks beans, 124 hogs,'
Ml «ks mustard.- ■
Han Simeon— l 66 hogs. '
• ,VICTO«IA-Per Umatllla-203 sks bones, 1 sk
coin. . < ; .•■ ■
Port Townsend-1810 kegs wire nails. 1 sk steel,
1 Hk coin.
Great Northern Railway, via Seattle— 69s sks
«heat, 1 cs dry good*. 1 bx mats, 1 bx books, 1
bale overalls. 1 cs clothing.
Seattle— l3l bbls 1 lot scrap iron, 46 sks beans
1 sewing machine, 15 pkss household eoods, 1 cs
dry Kiiods, 1 coil hose, 1 pkic iron wheels, 1 chesi
toels, 1 air pumo, 2 cs mustard. 2rf sks bones. 5H7
crts smoked meats. 1 bx* rellertors, 1 bx pianos
1 bale mitts. 4 bales carpet, 28 sks w pines. 1 pk«
poles. 7 c, X goods. 618 bdls hides. I^3 bdls calf
hide* 13? ats salt pork, 33 cs 8 meats, 7 oxs F
ilsh. 50 teieurapti poles, 481 tons coivl.
U Pity, via Vancouver -1166 bbls glucose. 1901
cs rubbers, 22 cs dry goods. 3 cs cottonwuar, 148
< s sinokln? tobacco, 7 cs boots and shoes, 4 cases
musical Instruments. 4 cs toys, 7 cs knit goods. 9
cs oottou ducks, 4 cs D hames. I cs C wear, 1 cs
s-ultars, 1 cs at-swl findings, 1 bx maple sugar, 6 cs
M grease. 1 bale cot drills, 69 cs cigarettes. 1 P*"?
hardware, 6 cs C 0 wear. 1 bx maple syrup. 1 cs
wood bames. 60 t>bls oil, 20»/a bbis syrup: 5 bbls
hosiery, 1 bbl vinegar, 1 cs mitts, 1 bx violins, 1 cs
law books, 8 cs hats, 1 cs canton flanriei.
Foreign — 175 cs rye. 100 cs brandy. 550 cs wine,
10 cs cordials, 10 cs champagne, 60 cs gin, 2 cases
whiskey. 3 cs collars and shirts. 1 cs shirts, 10 cs
enameled wear, 29 hides. 3 bdls pells.
Anacortes— l*B sks co.ilish.
Fairhayen— 243M sks oats.
New Wliatcom— 4 pcs machinery, 3 castines, 1
trolley-car, 1 keg nuts, 1 bx hard wood, 1 lo: scrap
iron.
F.verett— 2 bils sh">w paper, 67 rolls wrapping
paper, 16 bdls book paper, 169 roils 13 cs 116 bdls
paper, 18 empty sks, 800 bars bullion.
Tacoma— Bo s'-cs bone, 3 sks horns, 10 sks old
lead. 1 bx ty|>ewriters, 1 bx paper. Ibx tin goods,
1 bx wood stands. 1 trunk personal effects, 4 cs
ca.-idy, 1 cot, 8 bdls green hides, 5 pkgs household
good*. 1 bx bedding.
Tacoma west of Fatgo-1814 sks flour.l bx hats.
ics boots and shoes, 4 pkgs household goods, 597
sk^ outs, 360 sxs li.axse.ed. 1 ux t,ooks.
SANTA CRUZ— Per Gipsy— 40 sks bone, 62 hals
salt hides, 600 bbls lime. 26 rolls leather, 11 cs
cheese.
Mos< Landing— l bx butter, 2cs eggs.
Soquel— l sk wool.
Pigeon Point— ls drums 54 cs cheese, 7 sks sea
weed.
Amesport— 7s sks beans, 9 bxs butter. 1 cs eggs,
4cs cheese, 19 pcs old iron, 3 pkes old stoves, 69
sks scrap Iron, 5 sks scrap bones, 5 hbia empty
bottles. 22 sks rags.
HUENEME— Per Caspar— 5309 sks beans. 5095
sks barley, 937 sks corn. 1 cs hardware, 1 cs ary
goods, 28 hides. 4 bdls pelts, 32 cans tallow.
Conoisrnees.
Per Caspar— Field & Stone; A Gerbcrdlng <fc Co;
Bissl tiger & Co; C C Pennell & Co.; J C Bauer <fc Co;
Jackson Brewery.
Per .State of California— Allen & Lewis: Bank of
California; Otis, McAllister & Co: F Hillens <£Co;
M P Detols: Moore, Fe.rcnson <£ Co: BissmcerA Co:
Krlanger <t Galin^er: Willamette Pulp & Paper Co:
I>alto:i Bros; Jonn f English; Ciatsop Mill Co; F
H Ames 4 Co: Wolf <fe Son; California Barrel Co;
McDonough A Runyon: Wells, Fargo 4 Co: Flint
& Wise: Crown Paper Co: Morgan Oyster Co; M C
Nason: J H Cain <fc Co; Page* Son; HDutard;O
E Sheldon; Blssinger <fe Co: M B Moraghan: White
Bros: Roßge «fc Storp; 1) J i'.ussell A Co.
Per Noyo— Blsslncer A Co: W B snmner A Co: L
E White Lumber Co; Standard OU Co; Union Lum
ber Co.
Per Weeott-Rnss, Sanders A Co; F B Halght : S
Kaska: Ross A Hewlett; Brlgham, HoppeA Co: G
de Liiba; Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Dairymen's Union;
South Sari Francisco Packing and Provision Co;
MEhrmanACo: II Waldeck: Hammond A Brod;
1 Schweitzer A Co; Hills Bros; Witzel A Baker: T
Hodge: O B Smith A Co: C E Whitney A Co: J Me-
Dermott: S H Frank A Co; Norton, Teller A Co: O
W Wicklield; Wheaton, Breon A Co; G G Wickson
A Co.
Per Umatllla— Pacific Coast Syrup Co; L Saronl
A Co; Rotbchild A Khrehnfort; Lani; Syrup Co; D
R WenslowO'o- Murphy. Grant A Co: C B Hulbert
A Co; American Tobacco Co: Manufacturers'
shoe Co: J l> spreckeis A Rros Co: A A Van Voor
hle3; Levi. Strauss A Co: W P Fuller A Co; Petty
manAWoliT: Buckingham. Hecht A Co: Alaska
Commercial Co; Selby Smelting and Lnad Co; J R
Morris; S H Frank A Co: Sherman, Clay A Co: J
Buttn; Harper A Co: Union Glue Co; J Q Adams;
W D Lester; Harrison A Deckman: J G smith: R
Hir.-ichfiold; Stauffer tt Qj>; Moore, Ferguson A Co:
WG Richardson: Chas Harley A Co; Franklin X
Lane; F M Cloie; Moil Bros; C J Leist A Co: E L
Everett A Co; J C Johnson A Co: H W HlKgins A
A Co: Lle.vre, Fricke ACo Jiis.-'inger A Co: Amer
Packing Co: Getz BrosA Co; San Francisco Chemi
cal Works: Wells. Fargo A Co: Oregon Imp Co: J
Michel: American Union Fish Co: C S Wire A
Nail Co; Cahn Bros A Co; Geiz Bros A Co; Klein
Stockton Lumber Co; Bernstein Bros: W J \Vtlch;
Bancroft; Whitney ACo; W Avery; P Hirsch:
Kittle A Co: W B Pettes; Bauer Bros A Co; Lick
Paper Co: San Francisco Bridge Co: Pacific Bone
A Fert Co: Mattucci A Vanucci; Neustadter Bros;
Waternouse A Lester.
Per B nlta— Christy A Wise; Santa Cruz Island
Co; Bisstnger A Co: Hilmer. Bredhotl A Schulz: >'•
A Kersbaw; Dodge, Sweeney <V: Co; Pacific Paving
Co; C E Whitney A Co: Wheaton, Brton A Co; S
Jacobs: E R Stevens A Co: A Pallies: H Dutard;
South San Francisco Packing and Provision Co;
Brigham, Hoppe A Co: Western Meat Co: W G
Lowry A to: Hills Bros: Getz Bros A Co.
PerGlpsy— Herman Joost: Dairymen's Union; M
Starkhau.; HCowellACo: Kron Tanning Co; N
OhiandtACo: Brigham, Hoppe A Co; Pac Fruit
Market: Dodze. Sweeney A Co: Norton, Teller A
Co; Martin Feusier A Co: Carroll Bros.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSDIP COIPAIT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM _*-?«
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as .££_£_!
follows: • .• .-. . • ..
For Mary Island. Lortn*. WrangeL Juneau. £U-
lisrspo ana Sltka (Alaska), at 0 a. m., May 14,
29. June 3. 13, :s. 28. . . ,
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom- (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
May 4. P. 14, i», 24. 29. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wits
the CL I*. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. H,,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townaend with
Alaska steamers. .--•-.-•. . ■
For Eureka. A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., May 1, 5. ■9,
13. 17. 21. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereaftet
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucoi,
Port Harford (ban Luis Obispo), Gaviota. Sant»
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, sun Pedro, East ban
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana .Newport, at 9 A. M., May
3. 7. 11. 16, 19. 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter.- • •■.......
For San Diego, . stopping only at ■ Port HarforJ
(Ban Lois Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port J/>§
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A.-*., .May 1. 5. 9. . 13. 17, 2L 25. 29 and '.
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
Prz. Alt&ta and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. M.. Mny 5: str. Coos Bay, 10 a. M.. May 13.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL. PERKINS it CO., Gent Agents.
■ .10 Market au San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPIST
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
3?* l— *fl »~t Class.... dB.OO
Second. Class 63 OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 New Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS** CO.,
General Agents.
ASTORIA AEPORTLANII
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Eiate of California sails 1... May 3 and 11
Columbia 5ai15........ May 8 and II
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
. 60ODALX, PERKINS A CO, GenL Bupts.
F. i\ CONNOR, General A^int.
' 630 Market atfat.
COMPAGSIB GENERAL TRAmTIASTIQDB
French Line to Havre.
/■IOMPA.NVS PIER (.VK\V),42 NORTH /wn
V, ; Rive', foot of Morton st. Travelers by &a-st«*
this line avoid both transit oy English railway aas
tbe discomfort of crossing the channel in a soil!!
, boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Kgypt, via Paris.
fint-ciass 15(): second-class, $116.
hA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rnpe:...;..;.-.;:......;
- ." .....May XOL. 4 A.M
LA TOO ii.VI > K." V ant." santo'lii"" " i.'. l * ....V.... * !
■• - V...'.. ....... ...'..■...:..■. .'...".May 2K B a. M
IJk NORMANDIE, Capt. De10nc1e., . . .........
LA BOUROOGNF/,"Capu'l^bVeuV...?. [;^.'...v "'
LA BOCROOONK, Capt. Leb -euf .........!....
___■ For further *FarV|tnlars apply Tnne6,7A.M
BST For further particulars spplv to
' n^ oW; A. FORGET, Agent, ■
t v ~n ivt >. .^ lln f °»en,- New York.
q/enue. FrQA/,I A CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San b rancisco. °
OCEANIC S.S. CO. .f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, &_ HONOLULU.
NEW ZEALAND, KM n "
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA
S. 8. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur
day. May. VS. at. 10 a. m. Special party rates. •.' .
•^: .->, t ?f« ONVAI " sails via HONOLULU and
AIUU.ND for SYDNEY. Thursday, Muy
at 2 p. m.
LineioCOOLOARDIE, Aust.. and CAPETOWN,
8. Afr. J.D SPRKCKKLS& BROS. CO.. AgtJ.,
_ , . ■ 'F-»*a>ll4 Montgomery sfc
Freight Office. 327 Market St.. San Vranclseo.
ROYAL MAIL STEAfI PACKET COMPANY.
STFAMERS LEAVE ABPIN\V\LL iSjflL
fortnightly for the West Indies' and £»£S3
■Boathampton, i calling en rout* •at Gerbourgb. j
France, and Plymouth to land paasengera. '
Through bills of lading, In connection with tht ;
Pacific i Mall 8. 8. Co., issued for freight and tress-
«»to direct ports in Enifland and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
S_, £sl'£? vl »*' mptou - ; t'rst class, *195; thirl
■"* «»7 §0. For further particulars apply to :
KA.RROTT «t CO., Agents. ;
■ ' ■■■■■■_ ' • • 306 California si.
• -STOIITi. STEAMERS
Leave Pier No.. 3. Washington St.,
- ■ t.i "■* <».P. Mt Dai I v
«3P Acc^nfmi?" 0 , 111 KacU Knd Vundaya.
** AccommoJatlons Reserved by Telephone. ;
T C . Walker, STK AMKK>: p^t» r «
Mary «;arr R tt'. Sit?*ofStSSUt«l
telephone Mom 80S. Cai Nay. and Impt.Co J
fALLEji). MARE ISLIUD, *BE^ICU, PORT
WSTA m CEiciRH.
D^.,-, STK. MONTH KILO.
. ?• /* c Saturday and Sunday-10:30 a. »
. and* p. m.: Saturday. 10:80 i. M., 3:30 r. x; >
•*J.M.only. Su »^-ar--- ,
-■: :■-• Landing, lULUaion 1. I'l.r *.
'■■"-' ' ■ .- ...
RAILROAD TRAVEU
BIGREDICTIO3J W RATO Bylail
....T0....
j»OrtTTf A.^XT-LJ t
WEDNESDAY.*...... ..........MAY, 13
And Every fifrh Day Thereafter. '
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St.. at 8 p. m.
Ss.ft ft — Including in Pullmaa Tour
Sb.UU i slBl^^
WWiw— .....ALSO....
First-class tickets. including berth in C.iA On
Pullman Standard Sleeper. .> I {)•'">
• SPECIAL" NOTICE '
This train will not stop to deliver or take or, n».
senders at intermediate nations, nor win tickets
sold or baggage checked to such points. at
'g-^r- Through Tickets for Ttufet Soun.i
vTTiit* on Salo nt Kerfticori Kate*. 0d
For further Information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Oran^ otnl
. Ticket Office), San Francisco. Jcel
RICHARD GRAY. . T. H. GOODMAN
* Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen, VmCaU.
SOI Till: KX PACDIC COMPANY
(I'ACIKIC SVBTEM.I " * *
Train* le«»e itml nip <!:•<• 1,, ...i..
■ah Fit \.\< is< o. ***
leave • — Fcom May 3. 1806. — " armvb
" »6:OOa Nilcs. San Joso ami Way Stations ».ji
7:OOa Atlantic Express, ogle, and l:.wt" v.- V
7:OOa Ilenicia, Vacavil p. Eamscy, Baa*-' *
mento, and Bi dding yin Davis ■>...
7:00 a Martinez, gan Ramon, va pa Calis- 3p
toga and Santa Rosa «.,-
SsItOA Nilcs, San Jose, > Stockton',' lone'
hacramento, Marynville. HelUluff
•8:30 a I^WSK£!* ° r " V 1" C - ■ ' ' xii r
9:0»a Los Anscles Express. Fresno," Ba-jta ' " P
« ««.- ,, Larl) ara and Los Angeles.,... 4-1%.
B;BStv^ t e i^. anastockton ;; 41'
.! : 22 P Niles, San Joso a'miLiTcrmore*. H-\- P
•"=OOP Sacramento River Steamers.™ •<iiu\.
' f» : .3<>P Port CosU and Way Stations... .... t^l
4:00p Martiuez, Ban Itamon. Valioio "• ll ' p
Napa, (Jalifitoga, BI Verano auci
Santa Rosa a.ii.
4:00p Bcnicia, VacaviHe, Wootiiaiid
Knights Landing, Marysville,'
.... * >rovi!lo and Sacramento ... ' 10:13*
4:3»p^,1e3, San Joso. LiTcrmore and *
*' " '■ Stockton 7-iim
M.'reed, Uerenda. ' Eiymond" (for
_mA Yosemitt) aud Fresno IIt4JU.
5!»«j->,owr l^iirc-.s.Fresno.Bakers-
liei<l._ fciaiita li.irl.nra.Los Augolcs,
■ Y\l> -^emiac, El Paso, Xew Orleans and ■
Last ia.i. >
SiOOp Santa Fo Route, Atlamfc impress * W ' IOA
s^opvaffif:.!. 01 :: 1 ..^ • {«:«*
6:O«i. IJuropean Mail. Og.len and 'iJait'.'.V. »:J st
7:uot. Onaon I a, .Sacrsniento ,'
villc. Betiding, Portland, Puget
Souml and i;.T,t °. . 10:4Sa
SANTA lIU7 DIVISION (.VarrfHT ji.iiice). "'
J7:45a Santa Crtw Exrupiion, Santa Cruz ~
m mi rl and ?" ae 'P 3l w ay Stations I»i«sp,
• :13a Newark. Ceiitcrvillu.San. lose Felton
Oouider Creek, San Cruz and Way
Stations .Vs«i»
•3:lsp Non-ark. Ccnterville, San Jose.' New
Almaden. Felton. Ronlder Creek,
Hauta Cruz and Principal Way . .
m in v - Btat , ion t?"-V M 1:20*
4;15p Nen-ar': San .Togo andl.oa ( ialos. . . '. »:.">• 4
COAST VISION (Third A 'I'ouiihfinl Stn.) •
*6-.13 a San Jose m Way Stations (New
♦- ,« o Almaden. WedneaOays only) *l:13r
;<:3Oa Sunday Kicursion for San Jose,
Binta Cruz, Pacific GroTe, ami ■ -"«
Principal Way Stations 18:33*
■:13a Bon Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
PaciUc Grove. Paso Roblcs, San
Luis Oliigiio, Guadalupe anil Prin-
cipal Wny Htatious 7:0.1
. :9:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations :45p
I»:IO.\ Ban Josennd Way Stations 5:OOp
11:15 a Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 3:HOp
•«:3Op San Jose, Gilrrvy, Tres Piuos, Santa.
■„■ ■ . - : Cruz, Salinos,Monterey and I'acilio
Grove ......:... *IO:1«» i
*3::i«p SanJuse and Principal Way Stations 0:47 a.
•i:3oi> San Jose and Way Stations *S:OOa.
3:30p San .lose and Way Stations ;. •»:4Na.
«:»Op San Jose and Way Stations... 6:33 a.
tll:l.>p San .lose and Way Stations t7:45p
' t»AN LhAM>K(> AM) HAFWAKD.S LUtiAL. '
G:OOA "I 7:13*,
1 «<:)■.. t9t4BA
l".oot| Melr«w,Semtnaryyark, \p^
;|":oop Fit«hbnr ,SsiiLe«ndre «:*=*
3:00- I Md 4:43f
4:00 pr ■* a • 1 5:45p
3:00p . IT. r w« r Q:l3p
0:30p Haywarw. T:4sp
. 7:(»0r • H:4."ip
H:OOp , _ „ . . .-_ «:-lop
O-OOp * Runs through to Nfles. 10 50 p
ttll':ir,pj tFromKiles. I. ftl3:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SA3 KUHCISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 A.M. . {1:00 *2:03 t3:0O
•4:03 ; t ; t5:00. *6:00 P.M.
From OAIUHD— Foot or Brosdwaj.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 A.M. t!2:00 »l:00 ■ t3:00 *3:0O MM
: *S^Orji. \'--r> ? -'■ ;•".*-".-.: --.■ ■ . 'r. i-.ia a--r;.;;
; ■ A for Morning. - • V for Afternoon. ■
• Sundays excepted. •. .■'.-• 1 Saturdays only.
I Sundays only.
1 ■ tt Monday Tlmi- -.1 ,1 B-" — - 1 '-^'- - ■••- • ■
SMFRiSCJSCO&SOR'miA.
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A.M.: 13:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P.M. Thursdays— trip
at 11 -.30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p.m.
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK"' DAYS— 6:I6,' 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. if.'
12 :45. 3:40, 5:10 P. M. Saturdays— Extra tripi
at 1:55 p. si. and 6:35 p. m.
SUXDAYS-7:35. 9:35, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 P. M. •■- »-r
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris gams
schedule as above.
I'•**'•1 '•**'• I Tn«.iT«w Arrive "
San Francisco. Apr" 2 ' San Francisca
Week Sex- j... I .^:-,. ' Sdk- I Week"
Days. I days, destination. DAY9> | Days>
7:30 am am Kovato, 10:40 am 8:40 AM
3:30 pm:9:3o am ■ Petaluina, j 6:05 pm 10:10 ax
5:10 pmJ 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. : 7:30 pm 6:15 p*
■ ~- '■ Fulton,
7:30 am ' Windsor, 10:10 am
. Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Clbveniale. 7:30 pm 6:15 P><
~ ~ • Heta. i ~ "
7:30 am -■ . Hopl»nd <& 10:10 am
3:3opm 7:30 AM rkiah. I 7:30 VW 6:15 Pic
7:30 am 10:10 am
.- : • 7 : SO am GnernevUle. 7 :30 pm
3 :30 pm { 6:15 PM
7:J«am7:Soam . Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am;
s:lofm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 PM;
!■>.;• -I. : . I Glen Ellen. ' I •.■■-■■■.;
7:3oam 7:30 am o_ hoa , n ™i 10:40 am" 10:10 am
S:3opv|6:oopml Set>Mt °P° K | 6:03 pm 6:15 Pit
Stipes connect at Sunt.a Kosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skavgs Springs: at
Cloverdala for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hi? Mian 1
! Springs, Ki'lseyville, Soda Uay and LAkeport; at.
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Spring* : at
I'kiah for Vlshy springs, Saratoga Springs. ! Blue
Lakes,. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe, I'onio, Potter
Valley. Jonn Day's, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanded-
/•In KeiKhts.Oravellv Valley, Boonevllle. . Green,
wood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westpor:. CsaL Wlllets, Canto, Covelo,
Loytonville, Hurris, Scotia and Eureka.
■ Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
On Sundays round-trip tickets to nil points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle building,
H. C. WHITING, P.. X. BYAX. .
.Gen. Manager. G»-n. ''iss. Agent.
Atlantic "^^^
BAILKOAD V^P^^^^^^P
Trains leave from and arrive 4^j*£pJF]|j£jOTi
at Market-Street Ferry. \^§MtS^^^|
SANTA FE EXPRESS ; .
T. Chfcago V,, A. • •;•„»•«« JJ-
leaves every day at B^M Sleepers to Chicago
S s^ P Clf y wuno^change.': innex car. M
! * bww cwicXqo LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-car*
■ nder Hur'W" manaKement. Connecting trains
T.»ve in I'r/ncisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. m. daily.
The' "bMt wllwav from California to the East.
uJw raif s new ties: no dust: infrostin? sc-enery|
Md good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlnlmr
* I *' Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
" . ; Cbrouiuiv Bull4iluß*._
Toot pacific coast RAILROAD
. (Via Sauealito Ferry).
From' San Francisco, 01.! nun. ing March 29i 1808,
■ WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San . Rafael — 7 :()0, *8-00
•9:15 10:15, 11:45. a. m.: *1:46, S:-0. 4:15,
6:15. ■• ■:••> . ":35 p. u.'^WMM^"'
Extra trips for San . Rafael on Mondays, Wsdn«S>
aavsaud Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. .
4 ■ SUN U AYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-»8:00, *9:00,
•lli:0U. Ii .3 'A. m.;»*i-':3j. -i :30, •2:15, *4:00,
. 5:3(», 6:45, 8:30 p. M. Ex.r^ trip to Sauiallto»t
11:00 a. m. ■•;.■.--■. i;
Trains marked * run to San Quentin. ••13:39
p.m. does not run to Mill Valley.'.- : -
; . THROUGH" TRAIN& "•
1:45 P. M. weekdayo— Cazodero and way station*. ;
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazaclero and way station*
9:00 a. v. Sundays— Point Key ana wajrsttiUoa^ iHILBORN'S SUCCESSOR.
The Point of Greatest Interest
to Alameda County Re
publicans.
NECESSITY OF PARTY FEALTY
Why an Ambulance Proved a Sur
prise to a Large Number of
Citizens.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway. May 10. J
The political aspect in this county hav
ing changed so suddenly during the past
month, the point of interest now is to dis
cover the succeeding numbers of the
primary men's programme. Regarded at
first somewhat in the light of. freaks, the
followers of the Pardee-Davis wing have
commanded respect because they have
shown that they can fight to a finish and
come out of the fray winners. The great
est political surprise since Dalton was
elected County Assessor was the seating of
the primary delegates. So confident were
the old-liners that the Dennison delegates
would be seated that when the news was
posted on the bulletin-board of an Oak
land newspaper several of them aroused
the proprietor's ire by refusing to be con
vinced that the bulletin was not a joke.
Now everything is upset and, actually,
the seating of the primary delegates is
only a minor circumstance compared with
that which it signifies. It proves the com
plete overthrow of the party who hitherto
has had control of the party machinery.
All the foundation on which the Mantalen
faction built has been knocked from under
them and their political structure is sim
ply a castle in the air. The fact that Man
talen is still chairman of the County Re
publican Committee cuts no figure, be
cause if ever a quorum of the committee
can be obtained be would be chairman no
longer. He has held office for nearly a
year because he has just enough votes to
block a quorum by their staying away.
More complete chaos never existed among
the machine men than exists to-day, and,
although the fight will be renewed at St.
Louis, very few doubt what the result will
be.
T.he nomination of a candidate for Con
gress is the absorbing feature of the imme
diate future. Although Hilborn's course
in Congress was indorsed by the Second
(or legal Third) District Convention, it is
not likely that he will be renominated.
The supporters of Judge Frick were those
of Eli Denison, and, with Denison, Frick
rises or falls. The signs of the past two
weeks point unequivocally to ex-Mayor
W. R. Davis as the coming man. It was
somewhat of a surprise when he came to
the front in behalf of the primary men.
Previous to doing so it was not even
known that he was active in the councils
of the reform party. When he did enter
the fight he did not leave it till it was
won. Before the committee on credentials
at Sacramento W. R. Davis made the
speech, or, rather, recited the facts, that
turned the tide in favor of the primary
delegates, and with Pardee proved to be
invincible. Now it naturally follows that
such fidelity to principle will not be for
gotten, and it is believed by many that W.
R. Davis will be nominated for Congress.
Such a nomination would certainly do
more toward the restoration of harmony
in the Republican ranks in this county
than that of any other man.
Tbe recent and pending scandals in the
municipal government prove the necessity
bf harmony within party lines. The fre
quent clashes between officials and the
consequent ridicule created among other
cities in the State are to be deplored. They
are hurting the commercial standing of
Oakland.
During the past week the information
has been published broadcast that tbe city
is too poor to maintain her free reading
rooms or to provide sprinkling-carts, when
life without them is made abominable.
The heads of the departments declare it to
be the fault of the dollar tax levy fixed by
the Mayor, which they declare is too small.
Mayor Davie issues tables showing that
.less sums than his levy provides run
the departments in cities much lareer than
Oakland and says that his political ene
mies are creating all the discontent possi
ble for the purpose of throwing discredit
■ on his administration.
All these assertions may be true to some
. degree, but that is not the point that is
seen by outsiders. They only see the
ridiculous aspect of - affairs and ' very
naturally conclude that the conditions of
life in such a city are not of a desirable
nature. The different branches of the
city government are represented by
different partisans and non-partisans, and
the political platform of each is a thing of
itself. Until one party is sufficiently strong
in itself to insure control of the govern
ment the present clownish state of affairs
will continue. What would Oakland think
if the Mayor of Los Angeles should take a
few laborers and repair a bridge after' the
Council had decided that it be closed? It
does not at all follow that Mayor Davie is
wrong ■; in doing what he did, but it is
patent that the state or affairs whic:>
makes possible such sideshows needs a
remedy. The high hand with which the
old Republican leaders carried things
necessitated a change and the present
political olla podrida is the result. Now that
the reform leaders are in a fair way to com
plete ultimate success, there will soon be
reason to hope that Oakland's municipal
government will cease to be a circus.
An ambulance from across the bay was
in Oakland this .-. eek, >nd it is not stretch
ing the truth to say that it created more
interest than !a ; hippodrome. From - the
easy manner in which the car tracks were
crossed and street corners rounded it was
evident that a sick person was inside and
that the driver knew it. People actually
stopped nd watched the humane vehicle
and the humane manner in which it was
handled, it was so great a surprise. That
ft should have been so is not very agree
able to a citizen who takes pride in his '
city, but it is a fact that although Oakland
claims to be the second largest city in the
State, the clumsy patrol wagon is the only
ambulance known to the municipality.
Unfortunate victims of railroad and street
accidents, men and women," are carried ! in:
the cruel wagon built for drunks, to the \
disgrace of the community.
• It is true that four little stanchions go
with the wagon : that support a primitive ;
cot and prevent the mutilated individual
from lying on '; the actual boards. '. But : if
the sun be sending down its greatest heat, ;
or if - the snow';, be falling, .it is all • the
same to the sufferer — there is no awning or
cover to the wagon and no means of protec
tion. - More { than - once ■ the ■ victim of a
fearful accident has been taken to the Re
ceiving^ Hospital on the patrol wagon,
covered with J empty : sacks. .," ; When \ Dr.
Dunn was health officer he made a
campaign for a municipal ambulance, but
lie met with no success. Since then little
has been heard of the matter and that is
why Oakland's people behold with won
derment the spectacle of an injur d man
beiUR humanely treated. S. W. B.
DOG SHOW AT OAKLAND.
Entries for the Second Annual Bench
Kvent at the Tabernacle.
OAKLAND, Cax., May 10.— The entries
for tbe second annual bench show at the
Tabernacle closed to-night, and from the
larce number of Uogs that \riil be on ex
hibition it is known that the show will be
nearly twice as big as last year. Already
over 325 dogs are entered* and the Los
Angeles and Seattle mails have yet to ar
rive. Following are the entries in the
various classes:
Mastiffs 10, Saint Bernards 20. Great
Danes 16, bloodhounds '2, foxhounds 8,
rieerhound 1, greyhounds 10, collies 15,
Dalmatians 5. bulldogs 2, bull terriers 11
fox terriers 24. Scotch terriers 2, Irish ter-'
riers 2, Skve terriers 3, spitz 4, Newfound
lands 8, Chesapeakes 6, pointers '24, En
glish setters 20, Irish setters 13. Gordon
setters 9, field spaniels 6, cocker spaniels
44, Irish water spaniels 7, dachshunde 7,
retrievers 2, pups 6, Japanese spaniels 4,
poodles 3, Yorkshires 11.
The show will open May 20 and will con
tinue for four days. Last year there were
only 196 entries and the show was a
marked success.
FOR AN EASTERN GUEST.
Dr. and Mrs. Regensburger Give
a Dinner for Mrs.
Yerkes.
The Ladies of the Forum Preparing
for Their Initial Annual
Reception.
One of the most deligntful and quite the
most elaborate affair of the past weeK
was the dinner given by Dr. and Mrs.
Martin Re. ens burger on Thursday last at
their Clay-street residence, complimentary
to Mrs. Yerkes of Chicago.
It was essentially a pink dinner. It ap
peared at though all the gardens of Cali
fornia bad been made to yield their wealth
to contribute to tbe numberless pink
roses that were used with artistic effect to
decorate tbe drawiug-rooms, corridor and
dining hall.
Pink roses filled crystal and silver bowls,
nodded in costly vases, twined chande
liers and banked the mantels and even the
dainty tables of the drawing-room.
No set form of decoration was adhered
to. On the table tbe flowers were ar
ranged with that negligent effect that be
trays »>.t a glance the hand cf the skillful
decorator.
Pink-shaded lamps and pink candles
were used solely for illumination and shed
a soft light on the tables and through tbe
various apartments on the ground floor.
The pink effect was carried out as far as
consistent in the menu, an elaborate and
delicious one. Covers were laid for twelve.
Dr. and Mrs. Regensburger have earned
quite a reputation as the givers of charming
little dinners, at which one always finds a
congenial company and some surprise either
in the menu or after dinner entertainment.
On Friday afternoon the pupils of Miss Klein
gave a charming aud interesting musicale In
the parlors of Mrs. E. W. Hopkins' home, 2027
California street. The parents and friends of
the little performers listened with delight,
and at the' conclusion of each number there
was a round of applause for each diminutive
Paderewiiki. The programme was as follows:
Duets, Master Payne, Miss Klein; a little j
piece, Master Payne; duets, Master Bertie j
Payne, Miss Klein; air from "Rlgoletto,"
Master Benie Payne; dueu, Master S&mutjl I
Hopkins, Miss Klein; (a) Andante (Haydn), (b)
"Marche d 1d 1 Alexandra" (Beethoven), (c) "Blue
Bells of Scotland," Master Samuel Hopkins: '
"Morning Prayer," Op. 101, No. 2 (Gurlltt),
"Scherzando" (Novarro), Miss Davis; (a) "The
Happy Farmer" (Schumann), (6) "La Bal
leteuse" (B. Cecil Klein), (c) air from "Faust"
(Gounod-Low), Miss Newhall; (a) Minuet
(Bach), (6) "Sunday Morning," Op. 101,
No. 18 (Gurlitt), (c) "Morning Bong"
(Garyhos), Miss Alice Jackson; "sona
tine. Op. 290, No. 1 'Spindler;. "Les
Pifieruri" (Gounod), Miss Charlott Wilson;
dnet, 2e valse, Op. 56 (Godard), Miss Edna
Dutton and Miss Klein; "Robin Adair"; air
from "Don Juan" (Mozart), Master Earl Talbot;
(a) 'Presto Alia Tedesca," Op. 79 (Beethoven),
(6; value (Mayer), (c) mazurka, Op. 121 (Mayer),
Miss Edna Dutton; (a) "Rondo Grazioso (Mcr
kel). (6) "Singer's Joy," Op. 328 (Johann
Strauss), (c) mazurka, Od. 39, No. 10 (Tschai
kowsky), Master Hart Greensfelder; (o) two
preludes (Bach), (6) "Gondollied," A major
(Mendellsohn), (c) "Pas dcs Fleurs," "Nail*"
(Delibes), Miss Wilson; duet (selections of
Schumann), Master Greensfelder and Miss
Klein; (a) prelude (Bach), (6) "Invention"
(Bach), (c) gavotte (Bach), "Polish Dance,"
JJise Htzel King; "Leaves From My Diary,"
Book 3 (flofmann). Miss Wilson aud Miss
Klein; (a) theme with variations (Beethoven),
(6) air from "Tristan and Inolide" (Wagner),
(c) minuet, Op. 20, No. 5 (Kragonoff), Miss
Edythe Schmitt; barcarole, Op. 33, No. 16
(Jensen), Miss Georgina Hopkins (pupil of Miss
Alice Bacon).
The members of the Forum Club have Issued
Invitations for a reception on Saturday even
ing, May 23, in the Maple room of the Palace
Hotel. The Forum is a fashionable ladies'
club organized last month with the greatest
success.
The Forum ig ostensibly a literary organiza
tion, but during the past months it has given
Its attention to science, politics and travels
as well.
This reception Is to be the eighteenth given
by the ladies ana the outlook for a delightful
evening Is a brilliant one.
A cbarminir surprise party was tendered to
Adolph Gudehus at hia residence, 2012W
Stockton street, Saturday evening, May 2, 111
honor of his attaining his majority*. Between
dance* the following fine musical programme
was rendered: Mandolin solo, William Kaiser;
piatio duet, Miss Glanz and Miss Gudehus;
recitation, Miss D. Tbies; trombone solo,
George Tietjen.
At midnight an elegant supper was served.
In which the following participated: Mr. and
Mrs. Umhait, Mrs. Pedersen, Mr. and Mrs.
Htintemann, Mrs. Glanz, Mr. and Mrs. C. Gude
hus, Mist A. Heitmann, Miss L. Goetz, Miss D.
Thies, Miss G. Krausbe, Ml is D. Petersen, Miss
£. Goetz. Miss Emma Cranz, Miss Jennie Glanz,
Miss Boytien, Miss A. Kaiser, Miss May Nien
stadt, Miss A. Gudehus, Messrs. George Tietjen.
F. Cranz, H. Witt, H. Goetz, William Kaiser,
Charles KaUer, Ed Nienstadt, E. Tietje, L. H.
Anthes and Adolph Gudehus.
Mrs. Ben Brilliant, who it in the City on a
visit from Los Angeles, entertained a few of
her friends last Thursday evening. Quite a
pleasant time was spent (lancing und slngine.
The marriage of Miss Josle B. Sonner of this
City to F. L. Dowell of East Oakland was cele
brated Monday evening, April 27, at the resi
dence of Mr. Schuite, 118 Fell street, the Rev.
Dr. W. Williams officiating. Miss Lizzie
Bonner, sister of the bride, acted as brides
maid, while J. W. Thompson acted in the
capacity of best man. Preparations for the
event were in evidence by the numerous and
carefully arranged plants and flowers which
decorated the spacious parlors and banquet
room. The bride, in her suit of white with
long traW looked the pictu-e of loveliness, and
as the bridal party moved down the center of
the parlors to the music of a pretty wedding
march, the effect was very impressive. After
the ceremony had been performed and the
usual round of congratulations offered all ad
journed to the banquet-room, where an ele
gant spread was served, after which Mr. and
Mrs. Dowell left for an evening train to
Monterey, where they will *pend a brief
honeymoon. On thel' return Mr. and Mrs.
Dowell will reside in East Oakland.
At the election of officers of the Mission Lit
erary and Social Club last Wednesday i.ight the
following officers were elected: Mr. R. Puck
ett, president; C. J. White, vice-president; C.
A. Wegener, secreUry and F. W. Hcaly, treas
urer. Executive committee were elected as
follows: Frank J. Williams, George C. Heinz
J. L. Sale, J. J. Looney and K. H. Trlebel.
The next entertainment of the club will take
place next Wednesday evening, May 13, at
Mission Opera-hall. Th« talent engaged for
this entertainment will furnish humorous
selections, after which will follow a one-act
drama entitled, "The Open Gate." At the con
clusion of this interesting programme dancing
will commence and continue till midnight.
The Freethought Literal Union will give its
regular Liberals-at-home social at Mozart Hall,
on Market street, between Seventh and Eighth,
next Thursday evening, the 13th. A splendid
literary entertainment will be presented, to be
followed by dancing and refreshments.
Dr. Clinton Cushiinj hat returned from Pato
de Rob tea.
P. Leprolson, accompanied by his daughter,
Miss Angela Leprolson, was down to San Jose
visiting the floral carnival. They returned
home Wednesday.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 11, 1896.
LIFE HUNG ON A WORD
Two Murderers Who Wanted an
Expert to Adjudge Them
Insane.
WAS NOTHING TO WARRANT IT
Dr. Robertson's Experience Carries
Great Weight With Trial
Juries.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
HOB Broadway, May 10. )
There are two men in the County Jail
who probably would have been free had
John W.Robertson of Livermore spoken one
word in their favor. These men are Ben
jamin Hill, the baseball player condemned
to death for shooting his wife while walk
ing with her to a streetcar on Kirk
ham street, and Louis Muhlner, convicted
of tbe murder of Jennie Lewis.
Both of these killers are under the
shadow of the gallows, as Judee I rick con
tended that the murder of Jennie Lewis
was so positively traced to Muhlner that
he refused to accept any verdict but that
of murder in the first degree. As they sat
Dr. John W. Robertson of Livermore, One Word From Whom Might Have Saved
Two Lives From the Gallows.
in their cells to-day they conversed on all
other subjects but declined to discuss their
crimes.
Both made tbe same defense at their
trials, that of insanity, and in
both cases Dr. Robertson of Livermore
was called in to answer the hypothetical
question on which their lives depended.
The all-important question was put in
ench case by District Attorney Church and
contained probably 100 times the word
"supposing." It covered all the events of
the prisoners' lives prior to the murder
and up to the time that the fatal deeds
were actually committed, and concluded
with: "Supposing all this, was the prig
oner, at the moment such an act was done,
sane or insane, in your judgment, as an
expert on insanity?"
"He was perfectly sane," was the answer
in both cases.
For over twenty years Dr. Robertson has
made a study of insanity. He has some
very pronounced ideas on the subject, and
he declrres it to be absolutely farcical for
a normally minded man to declare that he
was insane for tbe few seconds necessary
to draw a gun and kill his wife, and sane
immediately before and after.
Dr. Robertson Bays that the present
methods of caring for the insane have a
greater tendency to cause than to cure in
sanity. While discussing tbe subject he
Mid:
"Arrest any sane and strong-willed man
and lock him in a dark cell; take him into
a court filled with the morbidly curious,
and, later, send him to jail in a prison van.
Finally place him in the hands ot a rough
deputy sheriff, his hands strapped to his
side, and take him, openly exposed, from
fifty to 500 miles, landing him in an asy
lum filled with a thousand other suffering
human beings; surround him from the
beginning with disgusting odors, horrid
shrieks and fearful sights 1
"No matter how sane and self-willed he
might have been when he left his home,
imagine the shock his nervous system will
receive by such brutal and unpardonable
treatment. But when this very same
thing is done to one physically sick, with
mind disordered and already full of terrors
which do not exist, is it any wonder that
be becomes a raving maniac? And is not
the condition that would be developed in
delicately minded but morbidly depressed
woman still more dintressing? They are
fed on the coarsest food; they are closely
confined in some back yard oj grim cor
ridor until such time as they either be
come dements and harmless, or, against
all rules, recover in spite of their sur
roundingß. The worst of it is that this is
nobody's fault. It is simply the result of
an ignorant policy as to asylum construc
tion, and a disregard of the most general
principles of common sense for their
care."
Another Business Block.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 10.— A big four
story brick block is to be built on the bite
of the old synagogue at Thirteenth and
Clay streets. The property Was recently
puccbased by Julius Abrabamson. Wal
ter Morosco, the theatrical manager of
Ban FrancUco, endeavored to persuade
Mr. Abrahamson to construct a theater
building, but after much consideration he
settled upon a business block. The own
ers of the adjoining property will co
operate with Mr. Abrabamson, but sepa
rate ownership will be maintained. The
building will be a modern structure of
brick, stone and iron, and will be one of
the finest in tbe city.
Objected to Pennies.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 10.— Q. A. Blank
of Broadway says he tendered live pennies
to a Southern Pacific ticket asrent on Sev
enth street recently, and they were re
fused. He intends to sue the company, as
he lost his train.
A NEW GRAPPLE.
Of Benefit to the Mining and I'nglnecr-
Ing Industrie* of the
\- ,;•'/' ■' ; Future. •
The engineering : works of Bennett &
Klee vat Hay wards have V just completed
and successfully tested a , huge • hydraulic
grapple, to be used for handling, rock '* and.
bowlders at the Squaw Lakes Water and
Mining Company's hydraulic mine near
Jacksonville, Or., of which company ex-
Governor Thaycr of that Suite is president.
The grapple is a new invention, this being
the first one built Its construction con
sists of a caetiron cylinder and wrought
iron ring, huujc upon five T iron straps,
the ring forming the fulcrum for the move
ment of the ten claws that grapple and
suspend the load. These claws are con
nected with the cylinder by ten links at
tached to the piston-rod, so that by ad
mitting water or air under pressure cr
steam into the cylinder the claws are
caused 10 open and close.
The machine is to be suspended from a
derrick or crane, on the boom of which are
fastened two lines of water or steam pipe;
to which are connected two lines of rubber
hose, they being attached to the cylinder
of the grapple.
These combined pipe and hose lines are
connected to the supply pipe at ihe base
of the derrick mast by a short flexible
hose which admits of tlie turning of the
derrick or crane in cither direction.
By a unique arrangement of the valves,
the' machine is made to obey tlie com
mands of the operator by a simple move
ment of the lever; whiie the element of
force in the one pipe line is entering the
cylinder, the other side is discharging, and
vice versa, so that the operator has the
machine under his complete control,
though it be many feet away from him.
Kot alone to miners and quarrymen
will this machine prove of great value, but
for loading and unloading coal on vessels
it will be superior to present methods, for
loading gravel trains for railroads, or un
loading coal from their cars.
For wreckers and all submarine work it
is destined to take the lead, as it can be
sent to the bed of the ocean, bay or river
and grapple any object desired by the
simple movement of a lever in the hands
of the operator above water.
The claws can also be so constructed as
to form a complete globe when closed,
thereby making an effectual and powerful
dredge.
This machine, under a pressure of sixty
pounds to the square inch, will support a
five-ton weight, and when the claws are
closed the load is effectually locked, so
that it can only be released upon the will
and pleasure of the operator.
The inventor of this machine has taken
the necessary course to protect himselt
and patents have been applied for.
ALAMEDA NEWS.
Large Attendance at the Funeral of the
Late Dr. Zeyn— The Demo
crats.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 10.— The estima
tion the late Dr. Q. C. Zeyn ,was held in
was clearly shown by the large number
of friends, patients and acquaintances
who assembled at bis residence this after
noon to pay their respects to his memory.
Rev. J. J. Martin of the Santa Clara-ave
nue Methodist Church conducted the ser
vices in the front parlors and delivered a
brief but impressive exhortation on tbe
necessity of each one being prepared to be
called hence at any time.
The pall-bearers were Drs. C. H. Lub
bock ana W. O. Smith, representing the
Board of Health; A. V. Clark and Theo
Lydecicer, the City Trustees; J. B. Lank
tree, the Board of Education ; J. Q. Brick,
Library Trustees; E. K. Taylor, City At
torney; Oscar Rogers, Chief of Police;
F. K. Krautn Jr., Chief of the Fire De
partment; J. E. Barber and J. R. Know
land, Alameda and Halcyon parlors; J.
G. Southall, Pawnee Tribe, I. 0. R. M.
The body was escorted by the full strength
of the Native Sons and Red Men to the
foot of Webster street, the hearse and
chief mourners continuing their journey
to the creek boat, en route to the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, San Francisco.
The Democratic Party.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. May 10.— The Demo
cratic party is bestiring itself. As tbe
outcome of many private caucuses an
entente cordiale has been established
whereby the English and Da^gett factions
will unite for the common interests of the
party. ,
They Climbed the Fence.
Two wayward girls of tender age who
had been committed to the Girls' Training
School on Hill Btreet, made their escape
from that institution yesterday afternoon
by climbing over the fence.
In there hurry to get away they failed
to take either their wraps or hats with
them. Their disappearance was reported
to the police and instructions were issued
from the Chief's office to bring them in
when found.
Miss Mollie Conners, Editor of "Oakland Saturday > g t, m 3u Oio o? ths Mo«=t
Ardent Supporters of Woman's Suffrage in Alam-Ja County, she Is He ecre
lary of the Alancia County Pol t:c»l I qinlity .^cciety and -ur I' per Read sat
yr a. Nt the »ctni..'s Mngres Wes <>n; of the toll h s <n he K«.:r.nme.
BACCALAUREATE SERMON
Bishop Nichols Preaches to the
Graduating Class of the
University.
COBNELL AND BERKELEY SHOTS
New Presbyterian Church FormeJ in
South Berkeley— Graduation
Themes and Speakers.
BERKELEY, Cal.. May 10.— The Right
Rev. \V. F. Nichols, Bishop of California,
preached the baccalaureate sermon to the
graduating class of the University of Cali
fornia this afternoon at Stiles Hail. The
speaker took hia text from Matthew v:6 —
"Blessed are they which do hunger and
thirst after righteousness: for they shall
be filled." He treated the subject from the
historical point of view, and sought to
brinj; out clearly the point that all hu
manitarian movements, a.'l reforms, all
upheavals of society were nothing more or
less than the tangible and visible mani
festations of the spirit "hungering and
thirsting after righteousness." The words
put in the mouths of Caesar's assassins by
our great English poet, "liberty and free
dom," clearly show this spirit. The
mighty impulse back of the pen of
Abraham Lincoln, co-ordinated with the
sanction of future generations, received its
momentum from this same source. Jack
C'ide aluo put his shoulder to the wheel,
and every social ebullition strikes the
chord of "ambition for righteousness."
In history tbe constant decentralization
in governmental powers has circumscribed
the powers of the ruler and enlarged those
of the subject.
"The conflicts of the present are far
more over equity and justice than over
tne conclusions of strength." From these
instances and others ttie speaker showed
that the "historical hunger" has proved
the beatitude. The young men and women
of tbe class were earnestly enjoined
that "whatever change their diplomas
might make, and they will not make any
great change individually, lor diploma's
are nothing in themselves, through
out their career there will always be that
question of hunger and thirst after right
eousness." He continued: "It has an evi
dential value, for conscience is God. It is
that sense of tbe message for you that I
would treat upon this afternoon, and the
most cruel kind of injustice is the injustice
towards one's self."
New University Calendar.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 10.— President
Martin Kellogg of the State University has
announced the following calendar of ex
ercises for the academic year of 1896-97:
Monday, August 10— Academic year begins.
Monday-Wednesday, August 10-12— Second
entrance examination at Berkeley for col
leges of letters, science and law. Filing of cre
deniidls by the recommended graduates of ac
credited schools. Filing of credentials by ap
plicants for admission to graduate and special
status, and to advanced standing.
Specinl examination— ln order that the regu
lar work of the term may not be interfered
with such special examination in university
courses as may be authorized for the begin
ning of the year should be tiled with the re
corder before the vacation.
Wednesday and Thursday, August 12 and
13— Professors and instructors will keep office
hours for consultation with students concern
ing election of courses for the first half year,
etc.
Thursday, August 13— Registration day.
Registration of graduates and upper class
students for courses of the first half year,
Registration of such students after Thursday
win be permitted only In cases of exceptional
urgency.
Thursday, August 13—1 P. M.— Instruction in
upper class and graduate courses begins.
Saturday, August 15—7:30 o'clock p. m.—
Academic council meets.
Monday, August 17, from 9 o'clock A. h. to 5
p. M.— Admission cards issued Dy the recorder
to Incoming students. Payment of diploma
fee deposit ($10) and signing of the university
roll by incoming students.
Tuesday, August 18— Organization of in
struction for freshmpn. Tne freshmen will
assemble at 10 o'clock a. m. in the court of the
mecuauics building to meet the president of
the university and the freshmen instructors
and advisers. Freshmen and other qualified
entrants will register for courses of the first
half year before 5 o'clock p.m. All incoming
able-bodied male students (including special
students) will register for tbe courses in mili
tary science and physical culture.
New Church Organized.
SOUTH BERKELEY, Cal., May 10.—
The South Berkeley Presbyterian Church
was organized this morning at Ashby Hall
with a mcmbeiship of thirty-five. At 11:30
o'clock the sermon of the day was preached
to a congregation of about 100 by Profes
sor Day Irom the San Francisco Theolog
ical Seminary.
Immediately following tbe service the
organization exercises were opened by
Rev. Dr. Ketchum, pastor of the Berkeley
First Presbyterian Church. He was as.
sisted by Elder A. Ross and Rev. J. F
Ackers, the two other members of th c
Presbyterian committee. Twenty of the
thirty-live members ordained came from
other churches by letter. Twelve of these
were from the P'irst Presbyterian of Berke
ley and a number from tbe First Congre
gational. J. 1?. Warren also assisted in
the ceremonies. Thirteen were received
upon confession of faith. Following the
ordination of members came the election
and installation of elders. Robert Ellison
and E. S. Cooper were elected as elders.
For the past year services have been
held at Ashby Hall, with Rev. Mr. Ackers,
a recent graduate ot tbe San Francisco
Theological Seminary, as pastor. Mr.
Ackers was ordained as an evangelist at
Elmhurst on last Thursday ev-ning. It
seems probable that he will remain as the
permanent pastor of the new nock.
Intercollegiate Shooting Mtttch.
BERKELEY, Cau, May 10.— To-morrow
morning ten of tbe crack shots from the
University of California cadets will try
conclusions with the rifle teams from the
Cornell and University of Illinois cadet
corps by means of telegraph. This rifle
contest will inaugurate transcontinental
target-shooting among students in wtiich
institutions on the Pacific Coast are con
cerned. The University of California is
Auction Bales
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE,
319-321 Mitter St.. above Gtant Aye
AT SALESROOM THIS DAY,
M0nday....... .;..;..... May 11, 1890.
At 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
'■i]\-:: r i , ....I will sell the
Furniture of a 30-Konm Lodglng-Houge
and 3 Private Residences,
' - ....CONSISTING 0K.... :
Oak, Cherry and Walnut Chamber Sets, 30 % sets
and Mattresses, Parlor Upholstery, Lounges, Chif-
foniers, Bookcases, Couches, etc
ALSO SPECIAL SAtE! SPECIAL SALE!
NEXT TUESDAY, at salesroom at 11 a. M., I
will sell a $5000 stock ofMen's and Youths' Cloth-
ing, .Ladles' and Gents' Underwear, Hosiery, Neck-
wear, Embroideries, Laces, Corsets, Threads, Dry '
Goods, Fancy Goods and Notions, Hew Goods.
Particulars Tuesday morning. .
• . " . ' 8. BASCH, Auctioneer.
GEO. F. LiMSOI, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lO Kpsirny Street.
TO- MORROW. .
Tuesday ...................May 12, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. if., on the premises
1418 HYDE STREET, XEAK JAiKSON,
I WILL SELL ■■•■'.•.■ ".
THE ELEGANT PIANO AND FURNI-
/ TURE OF RESIDENCE,
- . ■ COMPBI9INO ...
One Mntrnliicent-toned and Finished Upright
Piano, Stoddard maker, cost $400: Elegant Parlor
Set, 6 pieces. In Brocades and Silk Plush ; Hand-
some Odd Chairs. In rich covers; Elegant Lace
Curtains: Cos. Ornaments; Magnificent Carpets
throughout tbe house: very Elegant Secretary;
Folding Bed In Oak: 3 Handsome Chamber Suits;
Extra Hair Mattresses, Finn Pillows and Spreads;
Best 'White Blankets; Handsome Lounges: Fine
Extension Table; Dining Chairs; Silver-plated
Ware; Fine China and Glassware: Superior Im-
proved Range; Agateware; kitchen requisites, eta
Terms— , . .
- GFO. F. LAMSON. Auctioneer.
the challenging party in both cases, and
the riflemen say they are determined to do
their utmost to win the victory. They
have been doing excellent shooting re
cently, several of the men on the team
having made 40 and 45 out of a pos>ible 50.
Corporal West of Company B won the
university gold medal last year by a score
of 45 out of a possible 50.
The California's team for to-morrow's
contest will consist of the following cadets:
Major McCulloußh, Captain H. W. Allen,
Lieutenant A. W. Dozier, Sergeant-Major
W. A. Starr, Sergeant Btewart Rawlin^s,
Sergeant Cartwrignt, Sergeant Kerlinger.
Corporal West, Corporil Greenwood and
Private W. I Hupp.
The Canadian Philosopher.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 10.— Dr. John
Watson, the eminent philosopher from
Queen's University, Canada, who has been
lecturing recently in Berkeley, will ad
dress the Ministers' Union at 920 Sacra
mento street to-morrow morning on "The
Religious Affirmations of Philosophy."
Profe>.sor Howison of the State University
will also speak.
CRICKET ACROSS THE BAY
The California and Bohemia
Clubs Sustain Severe
Defeats.
Three Centuries and a Half Reached
by the Pacific Team — Pocock's
Big Score.
The inter-club cricket matches for the
Hunter Harrison cup, played yesterday,
resulted in victories for the Pacific and
Alameda clubs, which are now bracketed
for first place. The Alamedas and Bo
hemians met at Aiameua. The latter, be
ing sent first to bat, were disposed of for
forty-seven runs, two of their best men,
West and the incomparable Robertson,
failing to score even a single.
With such a modest total to buck
against, the champion team went in with
confidence, and although but two of its
batsmen — Moriarty and Gardner — reached
double figures, the opponents' score was
overtopped by twenty-nine runs. In their
second though, through lack of time, un
availing effort, the Bohemians did them
selves justice with a score of 124, to which
their captain contributed a well-played
seventy-six. Had this been their first, in
stead of their second inning, tbe result —
won for Alanieda by twenty-nine runs —
might have been reversed. The score:
BOHEMIAS— FIBBT IUKIXO.
W. R. Writ b. Ward 8r 0
Dr. Bowblil c. Mortarty b. Ward Jr l
K. A. L. Smith b. Ward Jr. , 16
G. Pollock c. Lamb b. Ward Jr l
W. Kobertaon b. Ward Sr n
B. L. Martin b. DrltMeld J2
V, P. Irwin c. lamb b. Driffleld 7
\V. E. Dowlen b. Ward Jr 3
W. Reeve* b. Ward Jr 2
F. A. Coles, not out 0
H. H. Cooksou b. Driffleld 3
Jixtras 2
T0ta1.......... 47
BOWI.INO ANALYSIS.
Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
Ward Jr.. 78 25 . 3 5
Ward 5fc.'.V. ...... ...24 11 2 . 2
Driffleld 44 9 13
• - ALA MED A3.
R. B.THogue c. Reeves b. Cookson '.. :. 6
F. 8. Price b. Cookson .....;.......;............ 0
J. J. Moriarty b. P0110ck.....; ;... 28
C. Gardner not 0ut....;... 25
H. Ward Jr. c. Cookson b. Robertson . 10
H. J. Cronnln b. Robertson ................. 0
C. Bragg c. JDowlen b.'it0bert50n... .;..;. .v..;, ;.■'.-. a
H. Ward Br. b. R0bert50n. .......;...... 3
H. Bird b. Robertson.:.... .0
P. C. Drlffleldb. C00k50n..... 1
Q. Lamb run out :. 1
. Total 76
BOIVLIXQ ANALYSIS.
- " ■ Balls.' ' Rons. ' Maidens, Wickets
R0bert50n. .....126 24 8 5
C00k50n........ 69 : Vs9 2 3
P0110ck.........' 84 ./' 23 1 1
' BOITEMIAS— SEBOXD ISSISB.
Robertson b. Bragg..'.. ....76
Pollock c. Lamb b. Ward Jr...........;..;....'... -8
Bohlllb. Driflield ....:. 5
Smith b. DrlQield... ■ o
West c. Randall b. Ward 8r....'....-. 11
Martin b. 8ragg.......... 9
lrwin c. Hogue b. cronnin :....,.- a
Dowlen not out ......... .'. 6
Cooksoii c. and b. Cr0nn1n...... 0
Coles not out .-.TfT.'.'.T. r.~. ......... .: ,v; Vh 0
Reeves did not bat.. ;.".:.Y.;..;v0
Extras.... 8
T0ta1........ .*.......... 124
The Pacific-California contest = at Golden
Gate was so woefully one-sided as to call for
few comments. The score* tell the story.
Pocock's century for the Pacifies was the
initial' one for the season, and despite
loose =, bowling was ■ extremely creditable.
The victory, for the " Pacifies .by 295 runs
could hardly have been . wrested had- the
Presidio contingent of their adversary's
team been in evidence. -Following are the
full scores: ; * : :.i
' , CALJJ-OBKIAS. -. ..
C Townsley c Wiseman b. Ca51dy.fi...;. ...... 2
J. Guild c. Harbour b. Hill .................... is
P. D. Uellatljr b. Ca5idy.:.... .................... 4
U. B. Jones c. Tledemann b. Casidy - 9
L. Bchroeder b. Hi 11:... ;:...':.".;;.: - 0
S. Barrett b. Ca51dy.:............................ 0
U. Van » rden b. Hill .....;...;....;......:. 0
C. Bo nner b. Hlilr..': ;". ;.... ..:.. 0
A. Came not 0ut.........'.; 15
O. Divan not 0ut. ;;;;«.t.":':.7.'.*.;.'..-.".;;. ........ ' 0
J. Fogarty b. McLauren ..........;.... .•....-.;...■ 0
Extra5.........".. ...... ......... ..r.:..... ■ 7
Total .■.........; 65
' BOWLING ANALYSIS. >/
■ Balls. : Maidens. ! Runs. J Wickets.
Casldy ...........60 •.: 2 18 4
Hi 1 1............. 48 1 83 4
McLauren 9 0 2 1
■■' ' r V.. ''■' . -', ' '■ PACinca..
O. Theobald b. Gui1d..... "......" ;25
J. Myers c. and b. Townsley 17
H. E. Pocock b. Uellatiy/. ..........;. ......108
H. C. Casldy c. and b. Guild ......;. 88
G. Wiseman b. 8anner..........;........'..;.;...- 40
J. 11. Harbour b. Banner ...;.. ...... v.r.::. ...•.."^5 ;
J. J. Theobald b. 8anner.. :.............:...,. ..; 35
1 T. A. Tledemann c. Van Orden b. Gui1d.:...:.. 32
C. B. Hill b. 8anner.'...........-. ..;......:..- la
E. J. F. Mussou not 0ut.................:........ 0 |
Extras .................; 27 !
T0ta1......... ;."...... ••• 350 I
' " BOWLtSfI ANALYSIS. ■■
Balls. Maidens. ; Runs. Wickets.
Gui1d...... ......120- 1 116 .4- '
Townsley 90 a 91 /■-;i*.?j
8anner...;.. .... 9a 1 6* ! ;;4*.\
G«Uat!y ! .^.Y..-60 ! 0 63 1.
AUCTIWALE!
SPECIAL SALE FOR LADIES I
PRESENTATION SALE!
JAPANESE AID ORIENTAL GOODS.
4 19 Kearny Street.
THIS DAY,
Monday. ..... ........-.....;.•... ...May 11, 1896
. At 2 P. M.
AT AUCTION,
A Mammoth stock of Japanese, Chinese and
Oriental Goods, consigned by an old merchant of
Chinatown, to be sol 1 regardless of cost.
At the close of each sale, two or more Elegant
Presents will be given to the Ladies attending the
sale, free of any charge.
Chairs reserved for ladies.
• -. F. T. KEELAB, Auctioneer.
SPECIAL SALE.
&* fe 0F &s
80 Head Broken and Unbroken Horses,
branded J D, from the Dean Ranch,
Nevada.
AT SUNSET HORSE MARKET,
220 Valencia Street, near Fourteenth,
THURSDAY.
Thur5day.....;;......... ........May 14, 1898
- ' • At 11 o'clock.
N. B.— We call the especial attention of milkmen,
, butchers, bakers, teamsters, ■ ranchers, grocers,
liverymen and all purposes where rood, tough,
hardy horses are required, same stock of horses
having been sold In (his market for years and
always gave satisfaction: they wear like Iron;
easy to handle; age from 4 to 6 years: weigh from
900 to 1400 pounds. Will be sold without any
res rv« or 1 ml twhatevpr '
SULLIVAN A DOYI.E, Livestock Auctioneers.
office, 327 sixth at. ■■ -
PAGANISM IN ENGLAND
Prior Vaughan of Manchester
Tells Strange Things of
His Country.
The Very Rev. Prior Vaughan of Man
chester, England, who arrived in this City
from Australia Saturday on his tour of
the world, delivered a sermon in the Paul
ists' church yesterday at late mass.
The discourse was eloquent and appealed
powerfully to the large congregation, for
Prior Vaughan is at once a forcible and
impressive preacher. He devoted the first
part of his address to purely religious sub
jects — the immortality of the soul and its
character, needs and destiny. And chang
ing his theme he spoke at considerable
length about the mission of English
speaking people, the spiritual or lack of
spiritual conditions in England, and the
novel work of his order— the Gregorians—
in Great Britain.
He said that 30 per cent of the London
people only were church-goers: 23 per
cent of the residents of grimy Sheffield and
26 per cent of those in Liverpool. More
than two out of every three persons in
London have no formal dogma or doctrine
and probably never set foot in church
from one end of the year to the other. All
the cathedrals, churcues and places of
worship in London, if filled at every ser
vice in the morning and every service in
the evening, could not hold half of the
population of that city, and yet the
churches are not half filled as a rule.
"The millions of the workers in our
mines, the operatives before the blast fur
naces, the artisans in our workshops and
the factory hands are as a rule pa?an —
theoretically if not morally," declared the
preacher with emphasis. "The millions
of unregenerate masses are more heathen
than the pagans to whom St. Augustine
and his companions brought the news of
the GospeL These are not wholly my
own figures or views. Dr. Lee, the Prot
estant vicar of Lambeth is responsible
for them. In the rural districts only 16
per cent of the people are baptized."
HOTEL ARRIVALS
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Wm E Kible, Kans J B Curtin, Sonora
H Dean, Chicago C S Towle, San Jose
A O Vurtong. Stockton J C Wooley, Portland
H w Curtis, Portland E Cook, < al
S Benas A w, Cal \v M Graham, Bta Crum
H D Bates, New Zealand I I'ldgeon, New Zealand
J McXaughton.N Zealnd H Darling. New Zealand
W Marchbank. Australia S W Boulden, England
F Eywart, Sydney E C Hafrew <fe w, Cal
A L Baird, Sydney M G C Dodwell.N Zealnd
C P Kcudon & w.Stocktn F A Manrido <fe w, Cal
A O Rowan & w. Los An T Arfila, ix» Angeles
J T Anderson. Fresno Miss L Finger, Sn Mateo
R L Sherman. Fresno Sergt Martin, Angel lalnd
J G Ford, Oakland F ».- Ross, San Jose
D Whelan. San Jose J H Warren. Spokane
J A Evans, Vancouver G H Taylor, Vancouver
J X Coleman, Coo L Marsh. Independence
J L Colwell, Salem Mrs D B Kimball. Wash
Mr Mi-Ken nu & w,Colfax W Bradbury .Oregon City
B L Garber, Ohio J F Van Nanil, w & eh,
J C H ram horn <fe w, Or Portland
J H Hardln, Chicago C R Taylor, Los Angeleg
Ci W Buchanan. Portland F Dewey, Portland
Mrs X Hall, Cincinnati Mrs M Scott, Cincinnati
T Cobb. Seattle H H Welsh <fe w, Fresno
Mrs J H Maxwell, Pa
GRAND HOTEL.
L T Walton, Colusa H T Cutter A w, TJtah
F H Season, Jamestown A B Sannders, Cat
Miss i-esson, Jamestown \V Piitchard & w.Sacmto
C M Freed beer, Chicago Mrs X D McQuiddy, Cal
C Mulkey. Cal A Brown, Cal
A L Banks <St w, Sacmto H rchocken, f.'al
J .harveston. Santa Crnz H McGregor, Sacramento
J E Nelson & w. X Dak O N Reynold*. Palo Alto
Mrs W II Dlnehart.S Die Mrs A White, S Dak
C J Cavanaueh.Ft Bragg G X McMuth. Ft Bragg
Mrs W Hunter, B C J X O'Neil * w. Jackson
Mrs \V J Carry, B C F M Ca'dwell, Tacoma
T B Hall, Sacramento E H Anderson, Tenu
R P Chnndler, Keno H T Coons. New Orleans
W \N"atson, Napa FJ Johnson * w, Oakland
Mrs F A Flnlay, Oregon C E Hushes, Chicago
R M Bender, Berkeley R E McCandless,»an Jose
H M Hudson, San Jose H U Grant, San Jose
H L Baec-htel, Cal S S Cutchin, Fresno
F P Black. San Jos9 J E Brownlie, Vallejo
E F Frazer, Sacramento C P Wilsom. Colum
C C Felth. Colusa H A Jastro, Cal
W W Decker & w, Nebr G R Holbrook, Mont
R Doherty, Hanford L W Benepe, Sebastopol
A R McDonald,s<tockton S C Benepe, Sebastopol
J Benar <t w, Vallejo W 8 Earle A w, Mich
J H 1 angan, Colusa G Allgaler & w, Colusa
J L Mande, Sacramento X C Irvine, Sacramento
F Bartlett & w, Cal Mrs A Klncaid, Tacoma
LICK HOUSE.
W Loutzenbelser, Grass MlssOFalrchlld. Cal
Valley T J Peterson, Los Banos
T C KieroUT, Cal Gen Kirk & w\ Cal
C A Haight, Ala w W Eastman, sonora
C B Rea, fort Bragg F Rlehter & w, Seattle
E S O'Brien, Merced Mrs 0 Morse, San Jose
Mrs X Harris, San Jose R H Stanly, Cedarville
A J Morse, Xt Bldwell S Carle. Sacrame ao
W J Stockton, Los Banos W H Ogden, Los Banos
Mrs Hotchkiss. Los Ang Mrs Dougherty. Lo« Ang
W l» Spencer «tw, L Ang IT Hansen A w, Cal
X \V Rowen, Mich W D Tupper, Fresno
J M Marks, Los Angeles D L Phillips. Hanford
A P ratlin, Sacramento Mrs H Kraft, Red Bluff
G H Kraft, Red Bluff E Owen, Cal
John T Bruce * f, 111 P T Ball, Auburn
J H Money, Monterey f Boyle <fc wf. Montgomjr
A C Peters. Omaha J T Burk & f, Chicago
H All, Hanover Mrs J Combs, Hanover
W G Thompson, Napa G P Anderson, Napa
J Mclntyre, Cal F W Smith, Seattle
C L Lawrence <fe w, Or J Blood, Portland
A Weber, Trucked W A Calkins, Angela
Miss P T Del mau, Or J A Howard A f, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J H Price, 8t Louis M Yoetzler, Vancouver
F O Andrews. N Mexico J Cannaughton, Victoria
M Furrell. >au Jose J> Keeiiher, Los Angeles
F A Smith, Oakland W Benson & \v, S Mateo
J Wilson, U 8 Navy R J Madden, V S Navy
Miss Bollve, Portland J Hoefeli, Detroit
J V Russell, Detroit A Storher. Tacoma
J H Hlnes, Great Falls S H Thurston, Vancouvt
J J Brown, Los Angeles M J Wealey, Victoria
M J Mann, w & sn.Victo C Ansoo, Victoria
J Heaney <fe w, Victoria W Kern Aw L Angelas
C W Emerson. Baltimore C W Barnes, St Louis
F W Bean, New Orleans C H Andrews, Alberta
BALDWIN HOTEL.
B Clrple. Chicago A L Wolfe, Oakland
F Kills. Oakland B nosenfeld, Portland
F Caster, Vallejo R T Ensrellniiht. Vallejo
A F McFee, I'ortland A J Wo ff, Tacoma
R J R Aden, Vallejo E A Coburn, Philadelphia
F O Carmach. St Louis 8 C Moth, Los Angeles
A H Field. New York D Lewis, New Yorlt
W A Bovden, St Leona Mrs L F Graham. S Jom
F R Devlin, V Uejo Mrs C R Bell. Vallejo
H H Williams, NY C B Smith, New York
F A Martin, Cuicago T Jones. Fla
H Scott, Alaska
VT; 7m I>r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J: ?? KE *KKT ST. Established
fHl^l^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
■ 625 KEABKT ST. Established
m In 1 854 for the treatment of Private
■ & s bAf,Dl«ea9ea. Lost Manhood. Debility or
•<3!S"«»fli]Rs9 disease wearing 011 body and mind and
I H*&! : alcin Dlceasrs Thedoctorcureswhen
\£ggamm&m others fall. • Try him. Charges low.
iXfaaffl » guaran(< cd. CailorwriM.
Dr. J, jr. utJUHOX, B»* 1097. San FranctacQi
1112
PLACES FOR YOUNGSTERS.
Old Army Officers Must Retire
Under Paragraph
No. 73.
Seventy-Two West Point Graduates
This Year Must Be Provided For
in the Service.
The leading topic of discussion in army
circles at the Presidio, Angel Island, and
in fact throughout the various garrisons
of the country, is the recent letter of the
Secretary of War asking for recommenda
tions for retirement under paragraph 73 of
the army regulations.
This paragraph provides that when an
officer becomes disabled by reason of
wounds or sickness, his immediate com
mander will report the facts to the depart
ment commander, for the action of the
War Department. The report in each case
will contain specific statements and the
names of witnesses by whom they can be
substantiated.
A board of officers will, it is expected,
be assembled in the near future at the
War Department for the purpose of exara
iniug officers for retirement. The board
is another feature of Secretary Lamont's
programme to create vacancies for this
year's graduating class at West Point.
There are at present only eight vacancies
in the line of the army to wm'cb graduates
can be assigned. Secretary Lamont is said
to be remarkably firm in his determina
tion to make as many vacancies as possible
lor this year's class of seventy-two mem
bers. He has therefore sent letters to the
department commanders and chief of staff
corps, other than medical corps, asking
them if there are any officers under their
command who are incapacitated from
active service and who ought to be retired.
No doubt even* honorable influence
possioie will be brought to bear on the
Secretary to prevent a widespread applica
tion of the order. Indeed, this influence
may procure a modification of the order.
The names of all the officers recom
mended for retirement will not be made
known to the public until the officers are
directed to report to the board for ex
amination.
"It is probable," said a well-known and
well-informed army officer yesterday,
"that a board wili be convened on the Pa
cific Coast, yet it is within the range of
probability that the board will assemble at
rort Leavenworth. The chances, how
ever, are that the board will meet here,
yet if there shoula be more officers of the
Department of Columbia than of the De
partment of California recommended for
retirement then the board might be called
to meet at Vancouver."
The duty devolving upon a commanding
officer of reepmmenainga fellow-officer for
retirement is by no means agreeable.
Many generals and colonels would prefer
that tho authorities at Washington should
not depar; from the time-honored and es-
tabiisherl custom of retirement under the
limitations of age. An officer, as he nears
that age, begins to make provisions for his
changing customs of life. In a sense, he is
prepared to enter upon some agreeable
work to engage the autumn energies of his
career and no great hardship ensues. The
forced retirement, however, upsets all of
his plans.
At the post library, at the clubs in town
and at the social bops, retrenchment
under Secretary Lament's suggestion is
the engrossing subject. It is stronglj r de
nied that General Graham has recom
mended Major Darling of the Fifth Artil
lery for retirement.
AtAn_el Island many officers declare
that Colonel Shatter is less fitted physic
ally to undergo the hardships of an active
campaign than the officers whose retire
ment he has recommended.
General Granam. the Post Commander
at the Presidio, is at sea. He sailed for
Santa Barbara channel on the battle-ship
Oregon Saturday and will not return
until the speed trials of the ship have
taken place.
Colonel S. B. M. Young is now well on
his way to the mountains with four trooDS
of the Fourth Cavalry. The summer tour
oi duty in the Sequoia and Yosemite Na
tional parks will not be all play. Last
summer General Porsyih, the department
commander, visited the United States res
ervations of the Sierra and saw that much
work was necessary other than that of
guarding the forests against fires and the
trespassing proclivities of sheepherders.
He saw that old roads should be repaired
and new trails should be opened co that
the troopers might patrol larger areas of
the reserved region than had been pa
troled. Accordingly he reportedjtothe com
manding general of the army at Washing
ton, recom mending that the usual force of
two troops of cavalry for guard duty should
be increased to four.
Friends of General Graham and Coionel
Young deny emphatically that any un
pieasant incident occurred at the Presidio
wherein Colonel Young was taken to task
by General Graham for performing mili
tary duty on a wheel. The assertion is
made that Colonel Young neve; rode on a
bicycle.
During the coming week Colonel A. S-
Kimball, chief quartermaster of the de
partment, will receive proposals for build
ing new stables and filling in a vast space
of marsh land at the Presidio. The
swamp will be filled to the eastern bound
ary of the reservation. Owners of private
property adjacent are co-operating with
the Government, and the result is sure to
be great improvement in that section of
the City.
Major G. L. Edie, surgeon, U. 8. A., has
been ordered from Washington to the Pre
sidio.
General James W. Forsyth, command
ing the DeDartment of California, visited
San Jose last week.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINEBB OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam-,
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock even
oight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streett, opes
2618 Mission street open ontll 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
KS> OCCIDENTAL LODGE • No. 22, - _ "
m^& F. and A. M.— Called meeting THIS __
(.MONDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock "MTV
Third degree. By order of W. M.' ■ /^^\
':■:■■'-■■'-. . EDW. F.DELGER, Secretap-.' i
&^» KING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO. _™~
*~-& 260. F. and A. M., corner Geary and /_'
Stelner sta.— Called meeting THIS (MoX-Vy
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 clock: first de-/NT>
gree. By order of the master. - : - - ;
■■■-••■•■ HARRY' BAEHR, Secretary.
* •_S» FIDELITY LODGE NO. 222, ..v-iii;>^~"
I-S-* 7 1. O. O. F.. meets THIS (MON- _»_■___
DAY) EVENING. Initiation. fpraJS^
-. • W. aMATHEWS. N. G. "^yii\^"
. .I. H. Vanpybo-übt. Secretary.. ' : '. .-.;.v'. '.
-'■ B^S* MAGNOLIA LODGE NO.' 29. *&*IW/,
Bf-S' I. o. o. F.-Tbe officers and -_g_S_P^
funeral detail will please assemble In =SSJB»S^
oor hall. TO-MORROW- (Tuesday), . ' -~R^" .
, May l2, at 9:30 a. m., to attend the funeral of our
' late brother, PETEKEINSFKLD. .- >
*■'• V - ■ '■ - ■'■■' S: SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary. ',/,
• tt^S 3 OFFICERS AN D M EMBERS '
tT%r£ the Franco-American Lodge^^-S^
f No. 207. I. O. O. F., are riqueateii 10
attend a special meeting to attend the "^/itw*" ;
funeral of our late brother, D. Lapouble, TUES-
' DAY, May 12. 1 896. at 1:30 p.m. at their hail.
Seventh and Market sts. By order N. G. • : ■■■ - 1
—_____._____• __"_____ T. SEHABIAGUE. '
W&S> A. O. H., B. OF E.- A SPECIAL __^
w _^_^ meeting. of the county board, by V V i
' order of S. D., will be held at Irl«h-Amerl- m\Sl
can Hall on MONDAY, May Il.aiB l* m eA%fi»
to perfect arrangements for the State con-*V*Jb
mention. ; . D. Ward, c. D.
K»»- RIGGERS' AND STEVEDORES' UNION
.»"". Association— The ■ members of this associa-
•' tion are hereby . notified to attend - their meeting
TO-DAY ( Monday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. for the
transaction of very ■ Important ■ • business. '• A full
attendance Is requested.- ? .■.,>:■■/■
.— »: .M. 'J.-J MOHAN, President.
F. E. Durham,' Recording secretary, v
• : MKETING^NOTicEST-Conttnued.
J?f3p ANNUALMEiiTrNG.-THE REGULAR
EF-~ annual meeting ' of atocknolders ' of the
HUTCH INSON , SI7G AR I PLANTATION COM-
PA NY will held at the office of the company,
827 Market st, San Francisco, Cat, on TUESDAY,
the 12tb day oi May. 1896, at the hour of 11 a. m.,
for the purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer-books will close on Friday, May 1,
at «P. M. . ■ :E. H. SHELDON, Secretary. ;
Grf^> ANNUAL MEETING— THK REGULAR
C3»—^ an nual meeting of the stockholders of the
Christy Mining Company will be held at the office
of the company, 310 Pine at, room 28. San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on. MONDAY, the 18th day of May,
1896, at :he hoar of 1 - o'clock P.M.. ■ for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction ■of such
other business as may come - before the - meeting.
Transfer book* will close on Friday. May 15, 1896,
at 3 o'c ock P. M. GKO..R. SPINNEY, Sec. •
Ofllce— 3lo Pine st, room 28. San Francisco, Cal.
' SPECIAL NOTICES.
KS»'tIIE c6^"RTNER"«HIP^._EItETO^
(S*^ fore existing between MONAHAN _
SHILLCOCK is this day dissolved by limitation.
• HENRY MONAHAN, '
H. J. SHILLCOCK.
San Francisco, May 11, 1896.
»-rgp~BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4-
*■"■» 7 collections made, city -or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Mon;':v at. room 6. ■ Tel.' 6580.
. SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
VfUMBER 7>v first-class GIRLS AWAIT-
- i Ing situations; cooks, chambermaids and girls
for housework. MRS. H1RI), 721 Ellis.
IrURST-CLASS COOK, BEST REFERENCE,
r $25 to $30,' cltv or country, desires situation.
MISS HICKE V. 1033 Post at ' . ■ .
IJMRST-CLABSCOOK I> PRIVATE FAMILY
wants position; understands all branches of
cooking; been in best families In England. . Ad-
dress or call G., 947 Howard St. v
TRONG WILLING GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework; best of references from last em-
ployer. Apply 4-0 Stelner at, near Ellis, on Mon-
day from 9to 6. . . .
"ITIIRsf<;LASS DRESSMAKER WISHES FEW
V more engagements by the day. or alee work at
home; terms $1 25 per day. 465 a Minna at, near
Sixth. ■■.... ■
PESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
IV tlon to do general housework; good plain cook
and laundress; many years' reference. C? 11 or ad-
dress 830 Douglass st .
EXPERIKNCED DAY AND NIGHT NURSE
XJ wants position: good references. Address R.
L., box 13, this office.
ELIABLE GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
it do general housework or second work. Call or
address 841% Harrison st. - -
THIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKING DONE BY
X? the day, week or month; price moderate. Ad-
dress R. E., box 79, Call Oflice.
pERMAN WOMAN WISHES ANY KIND OF
VJ work by the day. Call for 3 days 358 Eleventh.
COOK— COMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL DE-
sires position in American family: references;
wages. $25 ; no postals. 610% Eddy st. .
TRONG YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE
any kind of work by the day. Apply 124
Ivy aye., bet Polk and Van Ness.
A" OUNG GIRL, if. FINISHED . WITH
X school, wishes position In stationery •or dry-
goods store. Apply 640% Minna st
"RESPECTABLE WOMAN WHO UNDER-
XV stanas her business would like a situation In a
nice American family. Call 3 Cedar aye., near
Lark in st
DEFINED YOUNG LADY, SPEAKS GERMAN
J-t and English, . wishes position as lady's com-
panion; Is handy in fancy-work. Call or address
1620 Stockton st, city. ■ ■
OOK, FIRST CLASS, WISHES A SITUAe
\J tion; no objection to go Into the country for the
summer with a family; good reference. Can b-
seen by applying 476 Jessie st., off Sixth. ■
COOK, WELL RECOMMENDED, DESIRES
situation; across the bay preferred. 2415 Clay
at : no car as.
ESPKCTABf-E GERMAN WOMAN WITH
It a child 6 years old would like to have a place
as cook or general housework; city or country.
Call at 149 Perry at, bet Third and Fourth.
IRL, 15 YEARS, WISHES SITUATION TO
take care of a baby: prefer to sleep home.
Please call 1053 Howard st.
OnD COOK DESIRES A SITUATION. AD-
dress for 2 days. 216% Six h st., room 16.
\\T IDOW Of 34, WITH 6 YEARS'. EX PERI-
e n ce, desires position aa manager of first-class
hotel or rooming-house: is a' so first-c.'ass pastry
cook: can give best of references. Address B. li~,
box 1, Call Office.
N EXPERIENCED WOMAN WOULD LIKE
more work by the day; washing and house-
cleaning. Apply 2952 Mission St., near Twenty-
sixth.
SITUATION BY A COMPETENT WOMAN AS
I O seamstress, upstairs work or care of child or
children. Address 907 Dolores at
.■y OUNG WOMAN. GRADUATE OF NORMAL
X School, desires position as governess. - Address
P. P.. box 18, Cell Office. . : _^
MIDDLE-AGED~\VOMAN WANT* BITUA-
tion as cook in small American family: wages
reasonable. Address Saratoga House, 118 Sixth
St., room 6.
tTeliable WOMAN WANTS a position
XV to do chamber or second work or light house-
work. Call or address 553 Stevenson st. .
ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS GENTLE-
men's washing to take home. 732 Natoma at,
near Ninth.
S" WEDISH GlllL WISHES TO DO GENERAL
housework; good cook; city or country. Ad-
dress T. 8., box t9, this office. ,--;■■» . . ;
OMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY
washing. Ironing and housecleanlng. Call 6
Lafayette,- bet. Eleventh and Twelfth, off Mission.
GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
VJ day. or work in a nice private family at light
housework or chamberwork. Apply at 26 Bitch
st, rear.
ITU ATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
Protestant girl in private family; Is good cook;
can give references. 207 Leavenworth st. ■
U'OMAN WILL DO PLAIN WASHING AT
I " her own home; can wash flannels. Call 414%
Fell st. near Octavia. • - -
ASTERN LADY WANTS POSITION AS
working housekeeper in widower's family or
will do any kind of work. 821 Mission at, top
floor, room 4. - ' ■ ;• ■ •
VI IDDLE-AGED LADY WISHES A POSITION
i.»l as housekeeper in a widower's home; with
children preferred city or abort distance in the
country. Call or address 240 Shotwell st.
IDDLE-AGED woman WANTSGENERAL
housework in private family. Apply at 666
Twentieth St., Oakland; good reference.
SITUATION WANTED TO DO GENERAL
O housework In small family by middle-aged
woman; Is a good cook: good reference: city or
country. Address C. 0. , box 93. Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE
American young woman as nursegirl: 2 years'
references from last place; carfare to be paid
whether engaged or not. Address MISS C. MOSS
box 40, Call Office. • '
AMERICAN WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
wants situation. Call or address 9 Mastick
terrace, Alameda. -• . _
"YOUNG FRENCH GIRL WANTS SITUATION
X as lady's maid; good reference. Address 822 a
Broadway. -_y ' '
VEAT, WILLING AND OBLIGING WOMAN
XI wants work in country hotel as chambermaid,
or would keep house for widow and family. Ad-
dress M. C, 202 Second st. .
IDDLK-AGED GERMAN woman WANTS,
place to do housework, or as housekeeper; 910
to $12 per month;. city or country. Call or ad-
dress 504 Howard st. • . . ■.■ ? .. ■ . . ,
V OUNG LADY. RECENTLY FROM ROPE,
X wishes situation to teach children: thorough
French, German, English and music; or lady's
companion; used to traveling; beat 01 references.
Address box 607, Santa Cruz.
ADY WANTS A POSITION AS HOUSE-
keeper; city preferred. Apply or address
120 /2 Geary st., room 15. -■■-....
\VT ANTED— BY A FIRST-CLASS COOK. 8IT-
'» aation in a summer resort, small country ho-
tel or a private family. Call or address F. R., 813
Bush y. . ■ .--... ;
pATHOLIC YOUNG LADY AS COMPANION
\_-' in a respectable family or second girl; city or
country. Address C. E., Berkeley. .
\\f INCHES'! XX HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
*» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to 91 60 per night;
$1 50 tos6 per week; convenient and respectable:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. . - ;
SITUATIONS WANTED-M ALE.
pHINESE AND XA^'nIeSE^^RELIABLe'
Whelp; tel. Main 1997. BRA__EY_CO., 64O Clay.
PC. U. CCJlK'fl sue. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
. braticbe^sbort notice. 14 Ueary.'. tel.Urant 48.
T . W. JIM. CHINKSE-JAPANKBB EMPLOY-
O . ment oflice. 637 Commercial. TeL Black 1261.
IAPANK-.K AND CHINESE • EMPLOYMENT
'J office; best help. 3148 Sutter: teL Grant 80.;..
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\.i office; best help. 414% O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231. -
A GOOD COOK AND BAKEK WANTS SlTU-
ation tor hotel, restaurant 1 or - boarding-house.
city or country. .Please call 545 Mission st.
p ARDENER, '• COMPETENT ~IN EVERY,
\X branch. California experience and references,
desires situation. D. J.. box 119, this office.
YOUNG MAN. AGED 25. WISHES WORK:
X handy at anything: wages no object: refer-
ences. -. Address W., box 165, Call Office. • , . ■ • .■ :.
JfIRST-CLAB> HOTEL, RESTAURANT OR
shop butcher wishes a place. 604 Ellis st.
ANTED- B _" MAN AND WIFE, GERMAN-
American. without children, place on ranch;
man capable taking charge of entire ranch: wife a
good and saving cook, housekeeper and butter-
maket. Address F. M.. rm. 1, .000 McAllister su
YOUNG SCOTCHMAN DESIRES POSITION
in retail or wholesale warehouse In city or
country; wages no object; accustomed to all kinds
of hardware productions; not afraid of work
CAMPBELL, 1336 Bush st.
AT IOiN WANT 1 D BY A GERMAN
O couple to take care of private place; wife good
housekeeper, man understandH any kind of work;
city or vicinity. J. F., SOl9 Pine su, city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 11, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnued.
■VTEW YORK 'YOUNG MAN- WOULD LIKE
— to represent some Wes'.ern concern In New
York. Address S. M. S., box 34, Call Office.
Ij>IRST-CLASS TILE MANTEL AND GRATE
' setter wants work, city or country. Address
Tile, box 81, Call. 'j ■. .--■"•' - : " ' - - --i .-*■■■;-'.-'
TRONG BOY OF 18. RESIDING WITH PA-
rents, wishes a situation in a butcher-shop; has
had some experience. 17 Beaver st ■<•■■•-
-ITI IRST - CLASS ..• > UTTEK AND TAILOK
" wants a situation; city or country- Call or ad-
dress C. 8., box 26, Call Office. - . > -
ITUATION WANTED BY CLERK, YOUNG
man 22; talks and writes English. French,'
German: best city -references:- bookkeeping and
correspondence. Address W. 8., box 101, Call. -•
SITUATION WANTKD BY YOUNG man," 20,
to run elevator or light -work of any kind;
writes a fair hand; references. C. E., box 112.
Call Office. ■ . .-. ■ ;."-■"■■".>:
ITHRST-CLASS STEADY BARBER WISHES
£ position in country or summer resort > Address
JOS. GUYE, 859 Webster st, Oakland, Cat
/GARDENER WISHES ' PLACK WITH PRI-
VJ vate family; middle-aged; single. Address J.
O. C, box 163, Call Office.
/Competent, steady German wants
\J situation as coachman; good driver: also good
gardener; can milk; generally useful: city or
country; references. Address Coach, box 144, Call.
AN AND WIFE, NKW ENGLAND PEOPLE,
private place; man understands care horses,
cattle and grounds, general work; wife excellent
cook and housekeeper: reference. Address M. W.,
box 164, Call Office. . . "" '-•'..
ft ARDENER, PRACTICAL, SCOTCH, SIN-
' I pie, wants situation; private or commercial
place; thoroughly understands gardening in all its
branches. Address Gardener, 1044 FoUom st.
RCHARD SUPERINTENDENT OPEN FuR
engagement ; 15 years' Callfornlan experience:
orchard, vines, stock and genera: farming; Al
references. Address Ranch, 312 Fulton st.
ECHANICAL ENGINEER, WITH 20
iX years' experience, wants position, city or
country: can give best of reference. W. W. FEL-
TER. 666 Howard at., San Francisco. Cal. .
YOUNG MARRIED SWEDISH MAN, WITH
1 good team, would like work of any kind; will-
ing and good worker; wife good cook; city or
country. Address G. C. 269 Second St., Oakland.
GERMAN, EXPERIENCED GROCER
clerk wishes situation, 'city or country, or
general merchandise. : Address F. X., box 31, Call.
\\T ANTED— POSITION IN A DRY GOODS OR
TV clock store by a man 39 years of age; under-
stands perfectly the decoration of show-windows,
and baa. had many years' experience as such In
Europe; speaks German, Swedish and Danish to
perfection. Address C. EVERS, box 85, Golden
Gate, Alameda County. Cal.
WANTED— POSITION IN DRY GOODS OR
*» gents' furnishing store; am a hustler and have
had 6 years' experience. Address G. L. W., box
102, Call Office. • '
EDUCATED YOUNG MAN, SPEAKS ENG-
lish, German, French, Spanish, Russian and
Italian, wishes position as traveling companion or
valet Address W. T., box 84, Call Office.
p ARDENER AND FLORIST, FIRST CLASS,
VJ 30, single, German, desires situation with pri-
vate family. Address CHARLES VORBECK, 316
Fourth at. - ■ ■■
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to- $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
bo_» MACHINE AND ALL around
blacksmith wants situation. Call or address
M. 8., box 110, Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
™" Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
\V ANTED— SITUATION AS CASHIER OR
" assisiant bookkeeper: the applicant is moral
and strictly attentive to business; best of refer-
enct-s. Address X.. '-810 steiner St.. 8. F.
FEMALE HELP "WANTED.
GIRITS AM E
'* house, 925 and 916, see party here at 10 to-
day; cook, no wash, 930; cook and housework girl,
.913; German cook, no wash, 925; cook, private
board ing-houw, 940. and large number of girls for
cooking and housework in city and country. J. F.
CHOSETT <fc CO., 312 Suiter st.
FRENCH GIRL, HOUSEWORK: 92 6. MISS
r CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
ORKING HOUSEKEEPER: 98 TO 910;
Stockton: fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
YOI'SO GIRL ASSIST HOUSEWORK; SA-
X Unas; 916; fare paid. MISS CL'LLEN, 323
Sutter st.
EAMSTRESS, 920: NURSE, 920; SECOND
girl, 926; < erman or Swedish cook, 930; house-
work girl, Alameda, 925: Oakland, 920: San
Mateo, 920, and other towns: 12 housework girls,
city, 920 and J25: 6 young girls, assist, 910 to $15.
MiSS CL'LLEN, 323 sutter st.
\\r ANTED— A NEAT YOUNG SECOND GIRL
'» for light place in country, 916: a first-class
Protestant cook, also a competent parlormaid and
waitress for same house, 935 and 925: a gen ral
housework girl, Oakland, 925: also a general
housework pirl, small family in country, 925;
chambermaid for hotel, 920. Apply MISS PLUNK-
ETT, 424 Sutler sU
\\T AN IED— AMERICAN COOK, 940; FRENCH
»» cooks, 925 »nU 9-0; German nurses, 915 aud
912; French laundress. 92s; American cook, 925-
-housework girl tor ttie country, 925; girls for
housework and assist. LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton st.
pERMAN COOK FOR SANTA BARBARA,
VJ 925; German second girl for Santa Barbara,
920; German woman for housework, Oakland
920; 2 German cooks, city, 925 and 920: Danish
girl for housework, Rio Vista. 915; girl for Tuo-
lumne, 91o: girls for housework, city and country
916 and 920. C. R. HANSEN <_ CO., 110 Geary.
pOOK, SMALL AMERICAN FAMILY, COUN-
\J try, 920, fare paid; neat second elrl. references,
920: hotel and restaurant waitMMM. 99O, 917 60
and 916: cook, few boarders, 920; housekeeper
912. MURRAY, READY. 634 Clay st.
2 GENERAL HOUSEWORK (URLS FOR JEW-
Ish families; 910 aud 915. Apply MISS
HICKKY. 1033 Post su
GIKL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK, 4 IN
family: good cook and laundress; wages 925.
Apply MIsS HiCKKY. 1033 Post st.
3 GERMAN CO6KsT926~AN_r9SO: INFANTS
nurse, French. 925; seamstress by the day-
girl for housework, 2 In family, 920; 3 nurseßirls,
912 10916. MP.B.HIRD. 721 Ellis st. "*"*'"'*'
W'ANTED-NEAT WAITRESS FOR fOUN-
»T try hotel. §20 per month: good place. W. D.
E W ER & CO., 626 Clay st.
AITKKSS. 925, COUNTRY HOTEL, HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny at,
p IRL FOR LIGHT HCTUHEWORK. CALL AT
VJ 4 Marye terrace, off Turk, between Hyde and
Larkin.
GERMAN GIRL FOR GEN-
eral housework: references required. Apply
from lOtol-H. 1016b Post su
GIRL TO AS.SIBT IN GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 1619 Post sU f
""uTaNTED — NEAT GIRL FOR GENERAL
" housework. I'.'lBa Fulton St., near Scotu
WANTED-GOOD TATLORESB ON CUBTOM-
maae coats. 373 Natoma sU
\\r ANTKD-GIR L FO-TdENKRAL HOUHE-
'* work In small family. 1634 Ellis st.
Y ° UNO GIRL T >TaSBIST IN HOUSEWORK-
X wa^es 912. 1930 Pine s .
ViEAT YOUNGGIR'ItO MIND BABY: SLEEP
-i-1 home. 16141/^ BiiKh st.
YOUNG GIHL FOR COOKING; MUST BE
X good cook. 204 Halght SU
pANTRY GIRL IN RESTAURANT" 410
X Kearny st.
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
housework. Call after 10 a. m ■ 919 McAllister.
PPRENTICES WANTED ON CUSTOM
coats; paid while learning. 1020 Folsom st.
pIRL FOR HOC SE WORK AND ASSIST
VT child; 915. 1421 1 arkin St.. after 9 o'clock.
VrCRSEGfRLVMUST BLEEP AT HOMETa!""
i.l ply early. VAN SLYKE. 309 Powell st.
WA NTED— FIN 1 8 HEBsTXD "aPPBE jSTIC_"
on fine pants. 923'/ a Folsom su
MALL GIRL TO CARE FOR CHILDREN.
1835 Hnsh St.. call after 10.
GIRL WANTED TO MIND ONE CHILD;
wages 9a 43 Ritch su
\\T ANTE D"I-GIR~L~TbHELPON TAILORING.
'» 483 fehama st., cor. Sixth.
WANTED-4 FIRST-CLASS COAT-FlNlSH-
ersand buttonhole-makers. HENRY' HU_P.
106 Battery su
liMRBT-CLABS "OPERATORS ON LADIES'
jackeU; good pay. MEYER BROS., 121 PosU
\ r OUNG LA~_TY~bT~~PLEASING APPEAR-
. ance, between 20 and 30, as companion
for a lady. Apply between 12 aud 10 p. ML, room 1.
126 Fifth st.
TRONG GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR
housework : must be good cook ; waces 920: ref-
erences^ Address R. R., box 7, Call OBlce.
ADY FOR LIGT IT HOUSE VVOKK; WAGES
no object; good home. 659 Bryant si. *
A X TED — PUPILS tOll MILLINERY
school : course thorough ■ practical ; satisfaction
guaranteed; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth su
I ADY STENOGRAPHERS HOLDING THE
XJ certificates of this agency are requested to call
on Monday morning, as we have such a position to
fill. U. 8. Industrial agency, Room 167, Ciocker
building
"117 AN. ED— A YOUNG GIRL THAT WILL
TT give her services in exchange for good home
and clothes 919 Page su
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE""
Winchester House. 44 Third su, near Market •
200 rooms; 26c to 91 50 per night; 91 60 to 96
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ASTHMA CURE GUARANTEED;, DR. GOR-
A din's Chocolate Emulsion. - 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
AIRDRESsINO. 26c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101easons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
A PPRENTICES TO LEA RN DRESS CUT-
rV ting and making. 14 McAllister. mm 87 and 68.
DUKSSMAKING, CUTTING ; AND *- FITTTva
LJ 4 uught;-new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c op. MCDOWELL Academy. 21 Powell at
bicycles!
ARK CYOLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET;
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
▲lllster and Powell at car lines. T .- , - :
MALE HELP WANTED.
• W A NTED — HA3S DV^ ANTO KEKP BUILI>
" ing in repair: quartz miners, 92 75 per. day:
swamj^rs, $26 and found ;- tie makers: chore boy
for ranch; restaurant cook, $12 per week; waiters,
and others. : Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st. -■■ ■ . ■ ■':.."*"•■ .. r
9 QUARTZ MINERS, S3 A DAY: 2 ORCHARD
— hands, $15; night watchman, $10; waiter, $15;
ranch teamster and wife, $30; tie makers. R. T.
WARD <_ CO., 608 and 610 Clay at. .-".- . '. ■
HE AD LAUNDRYMAN, 960 AND FOUND;
■washer, $40 and found, for country hotel;
pastry cook, first-class hotel, $65; waiter, country
not el, 930; dishwasher, country hotel, $^5; butler,
with good references, private family. $25: bellboy
and assist in ofllce for springs,* must write a good
hand. $16. - C. R. HaXs-N - CO., 110 Geary st.
THIRST-CLASS HOTEL ROOM-CLERK, WITH
X California experience. C. R. HANaEN <_ CO.,
110 Geary st. . . . .
"^A TIEMAKERS, FROM 8c TO 12c EACH.
*J\.' tools furnished, see boss here: 5 farmers; 3
laborers; gardener, *20, private family; _ milkers,
*j2O; second cook for sawmill, $20: 3 cooks, 940.
$50, $60; 3 dishwashers, 20: cook and wife. $30:
lunch counter cook, $8 week; farmer and wife,
980, and other places from $15 to 880 a mont_
and found. MURRAY & READY, employment
agents, 634 Clay st.
\\T ANTED— DRIVER FOR MILK- WAGON,
" must have driven milk-wagon In city and fur-
nish references. $30 per month and found: Herman
tnlrd-hand baker for country shop, $25 and found:
farmers, laborers, milkers, cooks, waiters and dish-
washers. W. ]}. EWER <fc CO., 626 Clay st.
"j C Al SUBSCRIPTION CANVASSERS THIS
±*J (Monday) morning: The Populist, 50c per
year. 17 Third st, bet. 8 and 10. • . ■.
STRONG BOY IN BLACKSMITH-SHOP. 326
t rancigco at. ' " ' • -
Ur ANTED— BOY FOR DRY-GOODS
»' store. 1368 Market st
VI ILKER WHO IS A GOOD MAN ON RANCH.
i'l. 2.2 Dolores at, near Sixteenth. : j
p OAT-MAKER WANTED .ON CUSTOM
\J coats. 38 Grove at " - ' : '
rpAILOR ON CUSTOM-MADE COATS. 2081,4
X Seventh at - . .
PEOPLE WISHING TO MAKE MONEY EAS-
■ lly apply to 1616 Stockton st. "•■.,.'-•'
A PPRENTICES WANTED ON CUSTOM
■tx. coats; steady place. 966 Folsom st. ..
\\T ANTED- BARBER WITH ONE YEAR'S
* ' experience. Address L.. box 45, this office...
\\T AITERS, 25 TO 30 YEARS. 1218 POINT
" Lobos aye.. near Geary-st. carhouse.
EXPERIENCED RESTAURANT WAITER
Xj wanted. 207 Second st.
ANTED— UPHOLSTERER TO. WORK IN
»' exchange for room. 92J Post 8t - ' '
BARBERS— WANTED FURNITURE: 1 OR 2
-1J chairs; fine condition; cheap. Barber, box
150. this office. -'
BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE. 737% MARKET
-U at. opp. Examiner office; owner going East. -
BARBERS— SHOP FURNITURE
XI for sale cheap. 239% O'Farrell st. '
AKBERS — FOR SALE; PAYING SHOP.
li Particulars apply L. S. 1208 Market st
JAPANESE BUY: DOCTORS'- OFFICE; REF-
erences. 431 Geary St., between 4 and 5.
PARTNER WITH A FEW DOLLARS TO IN-
X crease paying business. Owner.box 15,CallOffice
OUSE PA INTERS WANTED— FIVE HOUSE
painters wanted at the new residence of W, 8.
Tevis Esq., stockdale, near Bakersfield: none but
first-class hands need apply to GEORGE J.
SMITH, on the premises.
L'IRST-CLASS OPERATORS ON LADIES'
J jackets; good pay. MEYER BROS.
BLACKS MITH— MAN TO DO HORSESHOE-
mg and general blacksmithing; about 25 years
of age; single. Apply 10 J. H. DUTCHER, Llv-
ermore, CaJ.
'TIAILOR WANTED. 834 HOWARD ST.
STEAMER PORTLAND, 900 TONNAGE, FOR
Cooks Inlet. Alaska gold fields, sails about
the 16th of May; fine accommodations: fare 955;
freight 916: 500 pounds baggage free. Apply
FRED HOLMES, WH Battery st.
W ANTED— MEN TO SOLICIT: 810 INDUCE-
'T meats. C. F. A DAMP CO., 156 Fifth St.
YEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
i-^ 3d aud 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c;week,91 to 92 50: reailing-room : strictest at-
tentlon to morning calls:clean;qutep. open all night
015 ESTABLISHED 3-CHAIR BARBER
shop; cheap if sold this month on account of
other business. 1308 Howurd st.
\y INCHESTER HOUSE. 44~THIRD8T.,NEAR
»» Market ; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
p ENTLEMAN WELL ACQUAINTED I*N
VI city can find profitable employment by ad-
dressing P.. box 95, this office.
S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; iJOT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
OOMS 15c TO 75c PEK NIUHT: 50c TO Cl 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Dm mm su
WA N TED— AT ROOM 3T7, 328 MONTGOM-
ery su. clerks and laborers to call If they do
not receive their just does; no charge uin ess suc-
cessful; salts: Superior and Justice Courts.
IV ANTED - MEN TO" Lr.ARN BARBER
»» trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. 8. F. Barber school, 1516 Howard.
pLEUKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT:
\J acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 012 My, tel. m. 353.
OURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Gran: aye. and Sutler su
CIALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR 92 50:
) balf-solelng 25c up. 969 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
\\r ANTED— AN IDEA: WHOCAN THINK OF
*' some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A f'O.. Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their 91800 prize offer
and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
BEST I~N CITY-SING iE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: 9i. 91 25. 91 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Lel_esdorff sts.
ANTE*D.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ersAclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
"13 A RBERS— FOR" EMPLOYMENT CALL SEO-
XJ re'.arv Barbers' A sso., 3-5 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
IJAKBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-> ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
IJAKBERSrABSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
X> menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238 V_ O'FarrelL
I INDELL HbUS_7~sfXTH AXD~_b"WA_D
J ' sts. ; single furnished rms 76c week, 15c night.
JUST OPEN: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
ft Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price. 6c.
10c, 16c pr night :c:ean beds,sunny rooms.no Dunks
FOR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10-CENT
X 1 meal try 13% Grant aye.; coffee a specialty. . -
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 • Third st ; 160
large rooms; 26c per right; $1 to $3 per week.
WHAT CHKKR HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
at; 200 rooms; best in the city alngie rooms
20 and 25c a night, 91 a w»ek: meals 10a " - •
EN'S %-SOLING 60c: LADIES' 40c: DONK
i'l while you wait 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
"I {1 A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 16c
1 ' 'V» and 20c a night. Including coSea and roils.
e24 Washington Bt, near Kearny.
WJC : ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your , work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st, between First and Second sts.
VI EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
■"-!■ ' all grooers keep It '
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. _<__"_
-I'l nearly new, 25c to 91 25. 66- Mission. -•
LCHO HOUSE" . 863% MARKET HT.—
Rooms '.'Oc. 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $S week.
>REX BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR
also a bottl eof lager, 6c, at 637 Clay at , ■
rPKY'ACMK HO.'SK, »57 MARKET ST.. BB-
J. low Sixth, for a room; 26c a night: 91 a week.
WANTED-BINGLIC ROOMS, 150 A DAY: 91
»-<>ek; rooms for two, 26c a day, 91 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay sf • - ■
AGENTS WANTED.
ADY AGENTS WANTED— BIG INDUCE^
XJ menu. Apply 236 Post st. room 7. ■ - ■ -
..I ..:„ :.' FURNITURE WANTED. I
MALONK PAY 3 20 PER : tENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth at.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkln.
KFORE SELLING" YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market;
< BABCH. 321 BUTTER, WANTS FURNI- .
• tn re, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
, MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.;
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; teL Jessie 761. :
ALL ON J. . c i MUTHER, 521 KEARNY, IF.
V-' you want highest cash price for your furniture, ;
carpets, plnn~, or merchandise of nnv kind.
HOUSES ; WANTED. ,
RTELL-FUUNISHED HOUSE TO LEASE—
- Low rent; by small family: 1 adults; fine refer-'
ences. 410 Kearn y su. room 10. ■ .'■•* -"; ■ - : ';
,Vy ANTED TO RENT BY JUNK I— COMFORT-
- "" able modern 10-room dwelling, north or west
side of street; Western Addition; for small family.
Address I Pomolllce box 26^1.v__ : _______ :
; ; . : COTTAGE WANTED.
WrANTED^rcoTTAGEToF 4 OR 6 . ROOMS
'» and bath; will pay 9300 to $410 down; 915
to 920 per month; convenient to cars; modern Im-
provements. ;W. C, box 139. Call Ottice. ■ '■■' '
ROOMS i'^ASD boarding 1 WANTED.
WANTED— SUNN V SUITE AND BOARD FOR
»» man and wife: within 10 blocks of Baldwin
Hotel: meals served privately. Address M., box
133, this office. ' - ■- ■■-■■..-.-■■-■.■
~L V -' •."■■ PARTNERS _ WANTED. ■ ~~
\y r A>Pfinj*2Li^"in^RTN^^
.'» ness; 920'J0 to 9*ooo capital; profits large and
sure. Address Live.' box 34. Cull. ' ' -■ •>■
' : WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS. ,
O elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at; send postal.
PERSONALS.
HAVE PCRCHASERjT^FOR^ COUNTRY
business places and real estate. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
IV' ANTED^aTaW PARTNER BY AN EN-
fT ergetic young attorney with extensive ac-
qualntance. G. W. PHELPS. 130 Ellis street.
THE NUMBER OF THAT BIG HAIRDRESS-
x Ing establishment on Stockton street that
dresses hair in any style for 26 cents is 111, and
the name is G. LEDERER. Don't make a mistake.
PIANO LESSONS AT PUPILS' HOME, ~6oc
X and »l; best reference. P. L., box 18, Call.
DBIAGI HAS IHIS~"DAV^ SOLD THE
. trultstore and business at 535 Haypß st. to
CHAKLKS DAVINI, who will conduct the busi-
ness as heretofore.
U r iIT jame^" £ wf:lsh, railroad
»» brakeman, formerly of Columbus, Ohio, and
St. Paul, Minn., or any one who knows of htm or
his whereabouts, communion. c with the under-
sisned at on. c. C. E. BRAY, General Agent Chi-
cago and Northwestern Railway. 2 New Mout-
gomery st., ban Francisco.
T> B W ARD-THE MASTER PAINTERS' AS-
Xt sociation offer a reward of 920 for information
leading to the arrest and conviction 01 any one
stealing tools or material from any of the places
where work is being done.
1 l)0h CAKDs - 91 50: SHOW CARDS, 15cT
X < >\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary su. r. 39.
" UEAUTY." A HANDSOME, ILLUSTRATED
*~f book on the toilet, presented free to any lady
calling at 143 Phelan buliding between 12 and 5.
HAIR DRKSSED, WAVED, FACE MADE UP,
25c; shampoo, 25c: manicure, _sc: lessons
given: face preparations. MRb. BCTLER.I3I PosU
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A BPE-
cialty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. o.W. HOWE.atty-at-law. 850 Market st
8K YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
HalrWash: cures scalp diseases: takeno other.
0. 22°2 L O T far^l V . Bt.8 t. CASH F °* O^~^LD.
OH! DONT YOU REMEMBER SWEET
Alice, Ben Bolt-26c for hairdresslng does not
mean inferior work in my case; I have the very
best artists In the city In my employ ana 1 give
1 _^ m -^?_. s(ltisf -ctory and up-to-date service. G.
LEDKRER, 111 Stockton st.
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 26 cents.
Y> U PTURE— ALL PERSONS INTERESTED
XV in the painless and positive cure of ruptures
address with stamp, lock box 2112, Ban Francisco,
TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMB YOU
can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. ; also
oress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILITs. 213-215 Mason su ; open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to 91 50 per night: 91 60 to 96 per
week,; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
O KTROZYNSKI. LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
kJ. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
pAKTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partlng!on,R.L Partington. Particulars 424 Pine si
DR. DUCKETT, 1703 POST ST., NEAR BU-
chanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, rei_c7ed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton ; first-class Uundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
ffl» 1 A KOOM; CARPET- CLEANED ON THE
. <g? X floor. 206 Leavenworth at
IJIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busl-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market at
\f AUD— THE COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
-UK Company will move your trunk for 25 cents. -
Office 43 Sutter at, phone main 49. SAM.
R. FRANK CORNWALL, REMOVED FROM
227 Geary to Y.M.O. A. bldg.r. 2,tel.maln 6477.
O_D GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. . COLMAN. 41 3d. cor. Jessie.
THE ECONOMY" MILLINERY. RED FRONT.
40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats 5c. ; dyed.
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 26c; feathers curled 5c
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JKW
XJ elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market at-
pLOAKS. CAPES ANJ> SUITS RETAILED AT
\J infra' cost Factorr. 20 ' Sanaomo at. upstairs.
* WE_K'B NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
-- V WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
DRESSMAKERS. • ~
TYLISH SUITS. $3 UP: SKIRTS. 75c UP;
fit guaranteed. 559 Stevenson St., nr. Seventh.
BRADLEY, 410 TAYLOR- ELEGANT, STY-
lish dresses made; 95 up; dresses made over.
D~ REBBES~I_~UP ; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP:
lawn $1 up. 50534 Natoma st. above sixth.
_ CLAIRVOYANTS^ _ ~
-r^.-.-.n.r.-,.-^ - - - - - __~~£
60 cts and $I— so eta. and 91— eta and 91.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POW_R."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants, ■ '
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN -DE VERB,
ii>a -v~.--. . ■ 1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. AH
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, ' speculation. Investments, Insurance, love,
courtship, marriage. and divorce: settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and burled treasures, find lost
or stolen property,' . Interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil Influences in half the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
. Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here 10
slay. Hours 10 a. H. to BP. m. Sundays 2 to 6P. X.
Letters containing stamps answered. ■ , - ■
PROFS. EUGENE & VAN DE VERE,
?____i~_ _•: 1728 Market st
ADVICE "^ - - ~
• • : assistance to all. ■ ••
When yon.wlso.to consult a true disciple of
clalrvoyancy see and prove for yourself that
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE i? the greatest
living exponent of the true science of clalrvov-
ancy. You will find him a wonderful being. He
has made thousands of families happy and suc-
cessful by his aid and advice. The professor pos-
sesses wonderful powers. He gives infallible and
correct advice on all business matters, aids you
in love, brings about happy marriage and success
in life. - He reveals to you just what you want Ito
know. Others i may have failed you; Professor
Carnelle never does, but has always given the
most complete satisfaction.' All business strictly
confidential. Letters with - stamp • - answered.
Hours, 9 to 9 daily and Sunday. . Parlors, 220
Eddy st - ■ .< ,
ME. PORTER. CARD- READER; TK_.L3
1»X past, present, future: ladies 60c gents 91;
palmistry, clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st
ISSMELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT; PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 766% Howard st.
P.AC AND 91 50c AND 91.
<J\J PROF. C. LEON, 1007 Market st., nr. Sixth.
Marvelous power ; valuable advice on all affairs;
letters with stamp answered: hours 9toB. • -■'
\l MX. ARNDT. BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
xtx the world: 50c and 91, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
MME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and future; 26c np. 764 Howard.
MME. LEOETTE: present, PAST AND Fu-
ture. 26c 311 Tehama, npstalrs, near Fourth.
MMX. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
tips on races; names given; 26c up. 5 Fourth.
GYPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES, 26c;
gents, 60c: readings dally except Sun. 6 7th.
' \| ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
i»I er and clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter-,
read cards since 11 years of age: mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladles or gents 50c 917 Market 3 and 4.
VI SK.5 K. LEXEMAR — FORTUNES. TOLD BY
_*X planets: predicted In '74 passengers of over-
due steamer on island. 11 Taylor at. cor. Market
ME. SYBILLE TKLLB FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee .5 cents. -914 O'Farrell at
RETURN KIT, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past
present and future; prices moderate. ,856 Mission.
MRS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
dlum and card-reader. . 132 Turk at * . - -
ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
erby egc«i ; and cards: tells • entire life, , past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names : given; s good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy: mistake im-
possible: fee 81: letter 92. 9-9 Post St., nr. I— rkln.
SPIRITUALISM. = ■ ~~
a ddie swain's lecture, i/o. o. f.
t\. Hall, Berkeley, to-night, "Who are the Dead?"
25 cents. " -• ' -. • :.-.".'
BS.C. J. MEYER, 1346 MARKET; TRANCE .
mcd.; dr. Mod., Thurs.. Fri. eve; sts daily. ;
\\ ISS ADD IE SWA IN THROUGH HER SPAN
1»X Ish ' guide, Buena -Vista, will advise you for
your betterment; ladies only: trance sittings, 92-
-consultation free: hours 1 to 8 p.m. 1055 Market st.
M~~rs vJ. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st
-.• LOST.
T OST— LADIES' WATCH AT METROPOLI-
X_ tan Temple.- Please return to 128% Ninth st.
and receive liberal reward. '•' _' r ■ ; ■ '"' -.
OST— A PASS-BOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of fan Francisco In
the name of MARY C. BREXNAN, No. 208,050;
the finder will please return to bank. ■;. . . ' - : ;~
OX TERRIER PUP:; MALE. . RETURN.
1413 Taylor st. ; liberal reward. ,; , ■
LOST— FROM. ALBION, BREWERY, HUNT-
X_ er's Point, cedar skiff: oak- finished :• copper
fastened; re ward. ■':>:. , . ,y- ' :■ ;
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA :
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of ALFRED KAHN: No. 194,925. The
finder will please return to bank. v - ■ . •..- ;
FOUND.
I?OUND— LARGE 'MASTIFF 'DOG. INQUIRE
X* Monday, »20 Post: J. M. ROBERTSON.
AY COLT; WaiT_F~FACE; NEAR 12-MILE
-'I • House. Apph- PhilipTobin. nr. 12-Mi'e House ;
r _ ;:;^;_^_:,'.:- PHYSICIANS. r \-jr _-- ' ■. ■ ' '. ',
DEMOVKD- DR. C. ; C. O'DONN^ELL, TO 51206
xv Market at ; diseases of woman a specialty. _;
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
, his j museum, • 1051 « Market ; at. -. his SO years' ;
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. ' >
_«___^ BUSINESS CHANCES. : ;_„.. '
TO BUY, SSix~OB EXCHANGE A BUS?
ness of any kind see GUS STRAND.4S Third st.
©9;: A BRANCH BAKERY: 4 ROOMS;
«jP_em. offer wanted to-day. GUS STRAND,
45 Third st. ' ' .  „
ffljf'^A RE3TAU"RaNT~ANDBAR; CLEARS
tJDUUU. $150 per month. GUS STRAND, 45
Third st, •, •-.• .-:; • . r ...
Gg>-\ AAA BUTCHER -SHOP; 3 HORSES;
1 \J\'\J. wagon; clears $100 per month. GUS
STRAND, 45 Third St.
CUT AAA r HOTEL, 21 ROOMS; PAYS WELL:
1 \JVJVJ. cheap at $1500. GUS STRAND, 45
Tnird at. ; ' ' . : . • . •■=
iJCXft BOARDING-HOUSE, 16 ROOMS;
ti]/U«J\f. building included; .bargain. GUS
STRAND, 45 Third st.
"j_iof: saloon near market stT-
«IPX_ tO. great bargain. GUS BTRAND, 45
Third at. - - ■ _ .
<£ C* A -CLASS DINING PARLOR:
tjpVJOyj . 26c meals; flue location: free' rent:
clears over expenses 975 per month. GUS
STRAND, 46 Third at
'if'AAA DYKING AND CLEANING BUSI-
iS\J\J\J\J. ness, building included; low ground
rent- all Implements, tools, machinery and ap-
pliances necessary io.- first-class business: owners
worked it successfully las: ■ seven years: always
made money; thorough Investigation and satis-
factory tr.al given: owners remain until posted.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market st. ■
(Qj OOX BRANCH BAKERY AND DELICA-
»IrO_.t/.cles store; 2 living-rooms, bath, fur-
nised; suitable for family. STENBERG CO., 632
Market st •-. ■ ■
C? I (\(\( \ FOR SALE THIS WEEK; OLD EB-
-tJP IvUU. tablished restaurant; near Market:
receipts $40 dally; full Investigation; trial given:
going to Europe. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market.
QJ^ijTm'nj RETIRING FROM BUSINESS on
tpOV/UU. account of sickness. For sale, a
desirable liquor ' store, located north near
Market; comprising large stock of wines, liquors,
etc; I valuable horses, -wagons; stock Invoices
fully the amount asked; big bar trade: grandest
bargain ever offered: full investigation: no sale if
not as represented. STENBERG CO., 632 Market;
©'IOnA 26-CENT MEAL RESTAURANT
<n)_<_X)U. and building; will take part payment
or part city property: good fixtures; No. 1 business
bargain. STENBERG CO., 632 Market street •
OTICE— PARTIES WISHING TO SELLRES-
taurants, cigar-stores, saloons or ■ any other
business, try JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
ffI?7AA RESTAURANT, MANUFACTURING
«ID IvU. district: receipts 850 to $60 daily; low
rent; disagreement of partners cause of selling; a
sure bargain. JOHNSTON, 26% Koarny st
pARPENTER-SHOP, I SIABLI.SHED TEN
\J years; very central; good trade; machines,
benches, stock on hand, etc.; selling on account of
departure; a snap. Apply 26% Kearny st.
©OKA COALYARD, HORSE*. WAGONS,
<P_^_»U. building, stock, etc.: 5 years ground
lease; rent $6; a bargain. 26% Kearny st -- •
FINK PAYING SALOON AND LUNCH-
house in wholesale district; fixtures. large stock.
etc.: will sacrifice; make offer. 26% Kearny st.
97 ""i RESTAURANT; M SELL:
«U"^ • -»• owner sick: great bargain. 26VsCKear-
ny at. •■ ' , ■ . ,
TF YOU WANT TO SKLL OR BUY A BUSI-
i- ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
T HAVE PURCHASERS FOR ALL KINDS OF
X business places. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
ffI»OAA CIGAR-STORE; GOOD BUSINESS,
<POVW. cheap rent; fine location. LUBELSKI.
7 City Hall aye. -
ft! Oft RESTAURANT: 6 TABLEB; NICE
YD i-\f\J. range;everythlng complete: nice living-
rooms; cheap rent; paid to June 1. T. LUBEL-
SKI. 7 City Hall aye. . . ■ . ■
ftl7^ 6- ROOM LODGING-HOUSE: RENT
•3-1 I _». cheap; good locality; this Is a rare op-
portunltv to secure a cheap home. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye.
©O^A 9-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE: RENT
?IP_w_»U. paid to 17th Inst and insured for two
months: all for the benefit of the purchaser. T.
LUBELSKI. City Hall aye.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
X lodging-bouse come see me at once, as I have
customers on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall
avenue. ■■
Cl £A BAKER AND DELICACY STORE:
«JPJ._»\-F. 2 living-rooms: doing good business:
cheap rent. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. ,
]0"OTICE — TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
XI promptly for cash. HEALY _CO.. 23 Kearny.
C? DAA RESTAURANT AND COFFEE PAR-
*K)*J\J\J. lor north of Market; clearing $80 per
month; genuine bargain; trial. HEALY <fc CO..
23 Kearny. ■
G{9^nn GRAND CHANCE: BAKERY,
»jp_-UVU. confectionary and restaurant: in a
leading city: short distance from San Francisco-
business of $40 per day; large cake trade: 250 out-
side customers; 2 horses. 2 wagons; part, cash- trial
before purchasing. W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny at
LEGANTLY FITTED UP LIQUOR SALOON,
vicinity Market ' st. HEALY, 23 Kearny at
©'^n BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
*S)^-*J\J. variety store at the Mission; 6 rooms,
with furniture. . W. F. HEALY. 23 Kearny at : .
©TEA PARTNER WANTED: NICE CASH
<iP X _>v. business: can be increased with help of
good man: fine horse and buggy; will salt any one
wanting an active paving business: clears 965 to
$75 to each; chance in a lifetime; don't miss it
GEO. STEWART, 602 Market at, Crocker build-
Ing, downstairs.
©QAA PARTNER WANTED: MANUFAC-
OV/V. Turing business, handling staple arti-
cles in general use: goods sold to the wholesale
trade only; plenty of stock and orders on hand, as
will be satisfactorily proven : money to be Invested
In the business to enlarge the same. GEO
STEWART, 602 Market st
G»9?;A SALOON WITH 3 LIVING ROOMS;
(tjp_»_l/. rent 922 60; near Wells-Fargo's office-
owned by brewer. WILKE & WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia 8 1. .
<3£jnn GROCERY AND BAR; WESTERN
<pttUU. Addition; a snap. PIERCE. 22 Kearny.
<2M 9?; FRUIT BUSINESS: RECEIPTS *7 A
X_U. day snap. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921
Market st. , . '
*ft_L""»n • FINE SALOON; DOING GOOD BUSI-
*IP^""i ness; fine fixtures; large stock; bil-
liards and pool; best location. REIDY, 13% Sixth.
<&QAA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR":
*ipU\J\J. living-rooms: horse, wagon: 3 years'
lease; rent 942 50: Western Addition : doing good
W?] L r63?cisl 1 fo r 8 nfa h si. Catl>t once - *'"" *
©I OA CIGAR-STAND. LAUNDRY OFFICE:
fl«"« near People's Palace: clearing $10 to
912 week. BARRETT SKIFF, 921 Market st.
SHOKSTORE. FINE COUNTRY TOWN; ES-
O tablished 16 years; large profits; will. sell for
65 per cent on cost. DhCKER. 1020 Market su
<C_.AA CANDY-STORE ON MARKET ST.;
Jo2O Marked 9100 per month. DECKER
1020 Market st.
fltl 1 00 ' COFFEE AND OYSTEU HOUSE-:
<g)XXUV/. nr. Baldwin. DECKER, 1020 Market
$1800 BE ST CORNEK BAR IN WHOLE
<IPXOUU. sale district:. money-making place:
must be sold at once: owner appointed general
agent for distillery. WILKE & WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia St ;T -.. . '■.;■:. .
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR: A SNAP FOR
VJ the price: Al location: stock worth the price
asked. LYNCH A SEERY. 935 Market st.
Ur ANTED— 3 DAYS' NOTICE TO SELL YOUR
LYiSCH <_ SERR\ , 936 Market sU come at once.
Li iNCH <fc SERR^ , 935 Market st
$750. with living-rooms, on Polk at; low
rent; good place: • kept by owner < for year*
WILKE & WOLF, 531 ealUormTst. y
n OLD - GOLD GOLD GOLD -
VX beat Alaska or the Gold Exchange; California
gold mines for sale cheap; quartz gold mines, with
mills running and paying big profits, at low prices
and easy terms: some splendid newly discovered
, f_ s 9 1 how . ln good-paying outcrops, and are sure
iVlnii ? P i 1 nto ., r ' ch 1 P»y»ng mines, from 92000 to
. *nn?P len^ Id «m. free-milling quartz lode,
m *CKm : R°v if »""• »>«■<-"«». CHARLKB F.
J^_A^>Kl^UR^, E. M., International Hotel, S. F.
r- OR SALE— I HK MUSICAL SHOOTING GAL-
L, r -H loCftted M B7 M -fet at (Central Park),
consist ng 01 musical and automatic targets, air-
guns, rifles, etc.; all complete; will 'be sold at a
bargain. ... . . ; , . • ,
S2BOO RE " A "KANTWITH NEW BLD'G
™7lr, .On long ground lease; 1 best location
on city front; .< money-making place: cash or part
in real eatate. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California.
$250 B , A KERY M U ST BE SOLD ACCO a T
ii ¥' of ? ic ness : store. 5 rooms, cellar, yard :
reiH?ls; portable oven: all store trade. Appiv
Mission Bakery. 1906 Mission st. • ' PP "
FRUITSTORK: BEST LOCATION IN
cTty HaVlsquar^ ty '° r the rlght man - A^ 18
A X» S1 C ? OP MKKi:HAKDW_ BOUGHT
for cash: city or country. _.-, box 2, Call.
'OR SALE-CHEAP; THE BEST ADAPTED
oV «^rshop in the city, other business cause
of selling: no agents. r Geary and Hyde st.
l^oq.^n^^gkSS
D^ ll^^ 0 . 0006 A>r> DELICACY STORE-
oVer mU 4 S 12 b 4^xth n g COUnt ° f BlCkneB3: make ™
U l -^ SALOON FOR SALE; WELL STOCKED-
-T with or without pool table: call and Investigate
If you want a bargain. 2131 Mission a 4 t- lnvß1 "* Ble
RESTAURANT: GOODXOCATION ; Al BUSl-
_ness_a sacrifice. 155 Fifth su
pORNER SALOON FOR SALE CHEAP-
\J leaving city; rent 920. 8«5 Bryan: st.
A N INVESTMENT OF 9600 WILL RETURN
-fx 100 per cent profit In less than 3 mouths. Ad-
dress Securities, box 9, Call Office.
OART-KR WANTED WITH 915.000 FOR
X lumber trade. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, 64 and 66 Chronicle building.
yOU. SALE— A BARGATN; TIN AND PLUMB-
X Ing shop. Address E. M., box 81, Call Office.
pHANCE FOR WOODWORKER ITO ENTER
\J business; small cap.tal. G. H., box 75, Call.
pOOD COFFEE-MILL, NO. 18, SHOWCASE,
VJ scales and groceries for sale cheap. 112 San
Jose aye.
POOD-PAYING LAUNDRY FOR BAL_il
VX Rood reason for selling ouU For particulars
address San Luis Steam Laundry. San Luis Oblspo,
BUSINESS CHAN CES—
mo SELL YOUR BUSIN^SJORC ASH RIGHT
1 away see or send to 3TANLKY, 21% Third.
■mt »aa RFSTAURANT, GOOD LOCATION;
SOOO. RESTAURANT, LOCATION;
000. fplendld trade. STANLEY. _IV_ Third.
U_T7fkn SALOON; CENTRAL LOCATION: M
tibl I.UU. fine fixtures: good, stock liquors: hi* ""
trade; great bargain; same hands _7 ye*" : trial
given fortune lor live man. STANLEY .21% Third.
« _il OK BRANCH BAKERY, COFFEE PAR-
,S 1 _jQ. lor, delac-cles. STANLEY, Third.
/jT>OfJA COFFEE AND LUNCH PARiXIK;
a>-.UU. good business. STANLEY,2I% Third.
Of il\f\ RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCALITY:
<Jp-_:UI/. receipts $15 day; low rent. 21 /2 Third.
a»rtf\ TO $100 INVESTED BY OUR -METHOD
, «3)_.U of Turf Speculation will yield you an income
of $25 weekly; have never lost a-dollur foraclient.
Our book on '-Successful Turf Speculation"
mailed free. MORRIS <_ CO., 112 Dearborn at,
Chicago. . -
_ 1 £A GROCERY AND BAR; 3 ROOMS;
' I OU. well stocked; |bargaln. ; B W. cor. Fif-
teenth and Noe. . '
C?T. HELENA (NAPA CO.) STORE TO LET,
Cj 25x75. including fixtures; best location; rent
low. Apply to DEO. W. FEE, St. Helena. ■_
ANTED— GOOD PATENTED OR PATENT-
'» able proposition: state invention plainly.
EWING, box 2, Call Office.
/GROCERY- AND 6 Li VlMi-KOUJiss; H£.i\L %
VJT 911 50. Inquire at Call office. , '
T~O HORSESHOERS— THE BEST HORSE-
- shoeing business in San Francisco for sale. Ap-
ply to F. BRUSE, 1061 Golden Gate aye.
<_9A A GOOD - PAYING BOARDING AND
«IP—V/U. lodging house, clearing from $75 to
$100 month: sold on account of sickness. 2822
-sixteenth at, ur. Howard: no agent need apply.
FOR SALE CHEAP -TWO HORSES AND
large wa,o_ and express business. 107 Twenty-
ninth st.
F~OR SALE— A TAILOR-STORE IN A FINE
location; very cheap; must leave at once on ac-
count of sickness. Call at 1001 Mission st.
TK)~LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
X County. Occidental Hotel and bar; rent 925.
Apply 0. DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st.
C"1 ROCERY AND BAR; TRANSFER CORNER^
J Apply this office: no agents.
JOURNALIST AND MANAGER OF 26 YEARS'
O record wants capital to back a profitable news-
paper enterprise entirely new to the coast. Ad-
dress J., box 76, Call Office.
GOOD BUSINESS IN GOOD LOCATION-" 2
buildings on leased lot; rent only 92 50 per
month. I. C. SCHARFF. 18 Post at.
SALOON, BOARDING-HOUSE AND ORO
eery; 22 steady boarders; good bar trade;
chickens, pigs, ducks: big crop potatces: next to
factory : curs run by ; selling very cheap at once
on account of trouble. Call at this office.
ORSE AND EXPRESS - WAGON AND
stand. Inquire at grocery-store, 176 Clara
su, city.
d_l C/v GROCERY AND BAR; 2 LIVINO-
qjJX O\J, rooms. Apply Call Office.
<J_l C\f\ BAKERY AND LAO" DRY; CHEAP
<~~>IU~J. rent; bargain. 1243 Mission st.
LADY OF~MEANB WANTS GENTLEMAN
partner with 9so; country proposition. Room 2,
l.Mason s*.
I^OR RENT— RESTAURANT IN GOOD RUN-
nlng order to any responsible party: knowledge
not required. Inquire SEEMANV, 516 Kearny.
\J A RG A I N— WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
l> liquor store. J. PEYSER, 1601 Market st.
OljOXn RESTAURANT, BAKERY; BAR-
iSpZ.O\J. gain; good reason for selig. 917Misslon.
pARRIAGE AND WAGON SHOP; GOOD
~U business; 17 years in same block. Apply this
office.
OR SALE CHEAP— WELL-ESTABLISHED*
candy, tobacco, cigar, stationery store: fine busi-
ness; reason for selling, nave to go East. Apply
store, 1314 Howard su, bet. Moth and Tenth.
<n»_»7?; coal and wood~yard doing^
«JpOI «J. gool business: must be sold at once;
engine and boiler is worth the money; trial given.
Call 81U Sixth st.
<E_l i\(\ WILL BUY GOOD LOCATED SALOON.
VP X KJ\J Inquire liquor-store, 795 Mission st.
(jj-Oiir CANDY-STORE^ ~W lIH SODA
iJP^_i_». fountain, 6 Icecream freezers, 2 stoves,
candy kettle, shelves, counters, stock of candy,
tables, chairs, etc. HICKOK, 873 Va Market st.
A LBANY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH,
■A- NE. cor. Everett st., for sale.
BARGAIN; WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
liquor-house; $3500. A. V.. box 129. Call.
GIVEN AW AY; FINE RESTAURANT; GOOD
business; on account of departure. 303%
Third st. - 7M
FOR SALE— A CENTRALLY LOCATED FAM-
ily liquor-store; living-rooms attached; rent 94o.
Inquire WICHMAN, LUTGEN & CO., 318 clay.
OR RENT. UNFURNISHED— '-GRAN-
ite House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame bo. el,
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in good repair and fine location;
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going into the hotel business: extra inducements
offered. - Address LOUIS KLUMPP, Foiaom. Cal.
WANTED— PARTNER TO ENABLE OWNER
to carry on further developments I In a quarts
mine: large vein: free water and every facility for
working; the property will stand the closest inves-
tigation. Address Owner, box 47, Call Office.
<i_"l 900 SALOON; BUSINESS PART OP
«U>X_V/V/. city: good day trade: finely fitted up.
Apply E. A. KOLB, 422 Montgomery st
ORNER GROCERY AND BAR — WEL_
\J stocked; splendid location: other business
cause of sale. SE. cor. Fifteenth and Castro sts.
, LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
0> I 7 "c" HOUSE r OF"I2~W^L^FURNIBHES
«©X 1 _». rooms; bargain. GUS STRAND, 45
Third st' , ■ ■ ■ ■- r •
©9F; A ROOMING HOUSE: 9 ROOMS; AL-
«ID_i«Jv/. ways full: good location; -nice house;
central: great bargain. STANLEY, 21% Third at.
u>l^Q/\OR LESS — 25-ROOM CORN
npXclUl/ house.
10-room house, worth $1000; price........... $400
40 rooms; fine for transcient 700
20 rooms on Fourth st, only ..._ 600
16roomson Taylor st 760
45 rooms on Market st 2503
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
AM. SPECK <fc CO. AYE MONEY TO
• loan. • ' •■ : ■'■ • : . : ,-' •
'15 rooms; net profit $61; price $600. .
20 rooms; net profit 985; price 9650.
36 rooms; net profit 983: price 91625.
46 rooms; net profit 9112; price 91450.
. A. M. SPECK <fc CO., 602 Market st.
FOR SALE— HOTEL OR LODGING-HOUSB7
J? 22 Sacramento st., containing 40 rooms; well
lighted; gas: water: improved plumbing; com-
pletely furnished and in order for immediate pos-
session this hotel is - especially adapted for %
boarding-house; convenient to railroad depot, loot
of Market st. : established 3 years; reasons for
for selling, owner retiring from business. ' Apply to
owner on premises. ' •• - • ; ...s
ORTGAGE SALE— WELL LOCATED AND
furnished house of 37 rooms; near Baldwin:
no reasonable offer refused. L SCHARFF, IS
Post St. ■,-.•';-. - ; • ; ...■■.-.-•■
LODGINU-HOUSE. 10 ROOMS; WELL-FUR-
-!_■ nisbed laundry; bath; large sunny yard. 617
Eddy st ; . . •
f ODGING-HOUSE 37 ROOMS FOR SALE"
XJ cneap: income 9240 per month; no agents. Call
or address 1532 Polk st.
ODGING-HOUSE: 7 NEATLY FURNISHED
rooms: bath; will be sold cheap. 417 Minna.
WELL-FURNISHED, GOOD 67-ROOM LODG-
ing-house; good location. 613 Mission at.
.ffljOKA NEWLY FURNISHED HOUSE.
<&£O\J. 9 rooms; bargain. HEG ARTY, 1004
Market st. .
OO FURNISHED ROOMS; GOOD LOCATION;
—^O cheap rent; low price. Grocery. 40 Sixth st.
. rUKNITUKE FOR SALE. :
obTsaLe— fu^nit^Xe^f s-roomlflatT
112 Eighth at. '
K9 YARDS OF TAPESTRY CARPET, OAK
*JO sideboard, table, chairs. 26 Murphy bldg. .
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time: open evenings.
IMRE SALE !•••■' ~~ ~ "~" ~ ~~~
. . Prices stand till goods are completely dl*.
posed of. . :..
Oak bed sets..... 91* 59;
Bed lounges . 8 00
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, per yard. .' ..— ■ 55
Linoleum, per.yard..........^ ............... * 55
Matting, peryard... ...:.:.'.;.'...;.. .Y; la
, Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. . Till such time we are conducting business
at - SIS. corner . Seventh . and Mission sts. S.
NOON AN. V "•■ ' ' ■■" '-■'-:. . - . ,
HO. KKASKY, FURNITURE AND BtsbT
'. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and np: ■ step-lal*
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 773 Mission.
A(\(\ CARPKTS; CHAMBER -BETS. 914~
"IUU stoves. $5: parlor sets, 920: foldlnK-bed«!
$10; bed-:onngea. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY . 113 4t_
4 ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW TfJ
iiedlounges trimmed with, plush.....'.* "" '95 59
Brussels Carpet, 1aid.:.;....;......... ""*-* "iscaa
English Linoleum, laid.".-.;..'... ..." 4Oou»
Window shades In s colors.. • "" v _s_ u_
SHIREK A BHIREK. 747 Market ' st." " oppMltS
<->rant avenue: no branch stores. •■ .- ' -
CARPET CLEANING. "*
pARPETS CLEA^N^Drs^A^YARD- LAID^3cT
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRaTTON, 19 Eighth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WlTtt
rlt poor wor_ send toSPAULDINQ's Pioneer CaS
pet Beating Works, 363-57 Tehama at. ; tel. 80, 4 a
C°f^i : j- 8 , CARPKT SKATING WORKS. 338
\J Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
r TONES -. CU CARPET - CLEANING AND
-» renovating works. Main office 35 and % B."
G"?£ A W.£ A>i W N BTfiAM CARPET CLEAN-
VJ ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth at B. Grant.
C to S^h l wiS PKT OLE ANI NG.RENO VA-
Voting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 230.
Gf__tlr_' iTER!I STEAM • CARPET-BEAT-
O(vnmp ; latest improved machinery; So yard.
G. G^OROE.office 11 Eighth at; phone Jessie 263.
C^i__"nl >■ *ih 1 i ANKD AND RENOVATED
_____!____|^??s^^HOUSES TO LET. > i
QOO 1 43T e'llis'lstTnE AR." E^ST_kT«
<- — •>. rooms and bath; large dry basement also.
A.SHTON A GARDNER, 411 Montgomery st.
G~ OLDKN GATE" AYE.— HOUSE. 7 ROOMS
VT and bath: in good order; rent only *21 65;
water free: 4 Gol:2en place, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
Apply to P. C. MOLLOY, 138 Montgomery st.
HARE CHANCE — MODERN HOUSE OF 7
rooms and bath: newly painted and papered:
everythins Hrst-class: fine location; 19U9 Kddy,
near Devisadero; rent $30. Apply P. C. MOLLOY.
138 Montgomery st. , *~* r .
HOUSE 7 ROOMS; MODERN IMPROVE-
mems. 121H Treat aye., opp. Garfield square.
£1] Q FISLL ST.-8 ROOMS: ALL MODERN
\JXO imnrovemeuts. . ; ■
1 7/ 1 7 Jones, near Broadway ; house
X 1 \J I of 4 sunny rooms: rentsl4.
A PPRKcTatED IF""SEEN-rB29i^ SUTTER,
■"■ near Jones; choice for doctor or oressmaker.
A VPRECIATKDIFSEEN— 30 MORRIS AYE.
-»- off Harrison St.. hear sixth: sunny house of 5
rooms; good order- $13; water free: yard: cellar.
CONVENIENT HOUSE" 5 BOOMS. 24 MOSS
■> St., off iloward, near Seventh.
HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS AT 11 KWING PLACE.
XX Off Lagunast.; rent $12.
LOOK AT 8-BOOM HOUSE COR. PINK AND
•Scott, $28; 9-room house, 16 Franklin, near
Market. 938: reduced $12 each.
&1)(\ HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH : MODERN.
QOU. 1788 clay st., near Van Ness aye.
" QJK 1731 BROADWAY. NR. GOUGH ST.—
*» I*J. House IS rooms, with every convenience
In hot air furnace aud marine view.
W E.REST MAN V HOUSES BECAUSE WE
''treat people right. BALDWIN „ HAM-
MQND 10 Montgomery st. -J. -" ■: .. u?J?,
FUKXISHKD HOUSES.
9X9C VAN NESS AYE.— LOWER PART OF
_.U—«J house: 4 furnished rooms, bath and laun-
dry; hot aud cold water; 2 entrances. . ■ ■
"VJICKLY FURNISHED MODERN HOUSE; 7
-i-i rooms; marine view; rent $36. 2414 Polk st.
Q9Q PARLOR, B -FBI >-> M , DINING-ROOM,
O — <-*• sewing-room, bath, kitchen: all neces-
saries. 1917 G -nry s:.
cottages TO let.
!
7T9HNTN F. T E XK N TH, K EA bTF H U RC H^co£
ll_ tage, 6 rooms »nd bath; stable.
COTTAGK&: 3 AND 6 ROOMS; BATH;
cheap. Apply 2643 Bryant sU, nr. Twenty-fifth.
OTIAGK, 4 ROOMS: BATH: STATIONARY
tubs; basement; yard; rent $11. 1228 Treat
avenue.
riOTTAGK, 6 "SUNN V ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
\J rent reasonable. 9 Tehama st. ■'..-■"
UNNV COTTAGES: 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
>~ large basement: yard. Cor. Dolores and 15th.
FURNISHED FLATS.
! T^99^ETR^Y^^M"ALjr~SuScNY ; FLAtT
XO— ;— nicely furnished for housekeeping; $25.
I ."'INF. SUNNY CORNER FLAT: 6 ROOMS;
. piano: reasonable. 800 a Webster st. .
FLATS TO LET.
'qTq '"n E \V "ilO D _B i nTsUN N Y^FLAT^OF^i
vlo, rooms and bath. ' 133 San Jose aye., near
Twenty-fourth st. ...
&1 Q CONVENIENT 6-ROOM FLAT; SUN-
C-LO. ny. Cor. Nineteenth and Hartford sts.,
■ near Castro. ....
: ATICE MIDDLE FLAT: 8 ROOMS: BATH: $30.
Third Et. near Harrison; key at 417 Vji Third.
TTPPER FLAT 6 SUNNY ROOMS; RENT $15.
U 436 1 2 Clementina st,, near Sixth.
- Q')^ TEHAMA — A MODERN FLAT OF 6
jJJjQ rooms; rent reduced; water free.
LAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH; MODERN IM-
provements. 1520 Post st.
<JJI r LOVELY FLAT 5 ROOMS; BATH;
O-L«J. gas. 3928 Nineteenth su, bet, Noe and
Sanchez.
■LMNE~ CORNER FLAT 6 ROOMS AND BATH ;
X cheap to good tenant. Cor. McAllister and
Broderick sts. " -•••
"VJEW SUNNY FLATS 4 AND 5 ROOMS, $14
XI and $16. Twenty-third St., near Harrison.
TV ICE FLAT OF 5 SUNNY ROOMS. 2815
■±1 Clay St., bet. Scott and Devisadero. '■.■■-■-•'■
*_>/ 1 PLEASANT, BET. TAYLOR, JONES.CLAY
OU ana Sacramento— 4 rooms; bath; $20. ■ ■
r.r* BASEMENT AND LARGE YARD. 728
QU. Harrison St., bet. Third and Fourth. ; ;;
• 1 £10,7 BTEINER. NKAR SUTTKK— LOW-K
J. Ov/l flat: 5 modern large snnDy rooms; bath.
4 ROOM FLAT; EVERY CONVENIENCE.!
282 Natoma St., nr. Fourth.
•VTEW FLAT. FIVE BOOMS, BATH; CHEAP.
-L' 92bVa Florida St.. bet. Twenty-second and
• ' Twenty-nrsU - -
. "I "I Q FULTON— FINE MIDDLE FLAT OF 7
110 rooms and bath; $28. ■
-Q U nU SACRAJS£_NTO— -OWES BAY-WlN-
ijtj\'<J don- flat, 5 rooms; bath; hot and cold
:•■' water; rent $15. ' • ■ - . ; ~\-
UNXY UPPEB FLAT: 4 ROOMS. 13 HAMP-
ton place, off Folsom st,, bet. Second and Third. ;
ROOMS, BaTH AND STABLE TO LET
cheap. Cor. Twenty-second and Harrison sts.
1 Q BHKBI I 'AN ST.,. BET. NINTH AND
X O Tenth— Flat of oar rooms; rent «10.
/CHEAPEST FLAT IN TOWN: RENT 914; 4
\J sunny rooms and bath; all modern improve-
ments. 4628 Eighteenth st. . ■-•. ;
SUNNY FLAT: 6 BOOMS; BATH: ALL IM-
provements; basement; cheap. 536 a Nine-
teenth st. .
17ILAT, 6 ROOMS. $14; ALSO SUNNY COT-
' tage, 4 rooms. $11. 629 Second st.
7OQA GROVE— FLAT; 4 BOOMS;
<— i\) bath; large yard: light; sunny.
VLAT: 6 ROOMS. 11 SOUTH BRODKRICK
1 st.: Uaight-t. cars to Baker st.
"VICE SMALL FLAT; 3 BOOMS; BATH. AP-
Xi ply 465 Jersey st. ■
• QUNNY FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH : ALL
O modern Improvements; • reasonable. 2928
•Washington st.
4 AND a BOOMS; BATH; $11, $12, $13:
electric lines. 46b5 Eighteenth st. •
SUNNY FLATS: 3 AND 4 ROOMS: BATH;
garden; 913 and $16. 1706 Post.
HOWARD COURT, NR. FOURTH— UPPKR
floor 5 sunny rooms. 914: lower 4 rooms, 913.
"I OWKR FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
XJ side of street; rent 99 a month. 416 Ringoid
St., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
79ftl MCALLISTER— FLAT: 6 ROOMS;
I — 'U2 modern improvements; rent reduced.
\\T ANTED— GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
»» flats: special terms; $10 up. SPECK _ CO.,
602 Market st. . .
WE RENT MANY FLATS BBCAUSK WE
'» treat people right. BALDWIN _ HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
LKGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: 98 to $16.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
. . Buchanan Street".
101 7 BUCHANAN — 3 UNFURNISHED
■ X \JX. I rooms and bath for housekeeping.
Bush Street.
1 41 Q BUSH-LARGK ALCOVE: PLEASANT
-. 111" house: private family : reasonable; refnes.
• •' ■ Clayton Street.
41 9 CLAYTON, NR.PARK-2 HOUSEKEEP
' '*tX— i Ing-rooms; use of bath; laundry.
'.; . , Devleadero Street.
1 Of_Q DEVISADERO-PARLOR FLOOR OF
1-UO 5 rooms; furnished tor housekeeping.
Eighth Street.
"1 no EIGHTH— 2 LARGE SUNNY HOUSE-
'X\'O keeping rooms; stationary tubs; range;
complete. . . . . - : .
i ' Ellis Street.
p. Q9 ELLIS— SUNNY UNFURNISHED
«JO- rooms, with bath.
OOQ ELLIS. COR. LARKIN— SUNNY *UK-
UO>/ nUbed front room with kitchen.
7fltt ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
< UP complete for Housekeeping. ■ .
Fifth Street.
' AOQI FIFTH — SUNNY BEDROOM AND
t_.O;s kitchen; furnished ' complete for bouse-
, keeping; water in the kitchen. .
*/,;■" Folsom Street. ■
II fIQ FOLSOM -2 SUNNY FRONT BOOMS
.' J. i.V»/ furnished complete for housekeeping;
rent rheap. - . ■ r- '■" ••■■..■ '■■■■■. ' ■
deary Street. . *
9171 GEARY — LARGE FTJBNIBIIED
- •■■;.. -^X < 2 housekeeping room; rent $7; key at 217.
. 1 • ■• Golden (iate Avenne.
" QQQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.-4 SUNNY FUR-
-000 nished housekeeping rooms: bath.
inOf\ GOLDEN- GATE ' AVK. — PLEASANT
I O \f furnished room; convenient for housekeep-
Ing; 910-
-1/, '.\-. ■. trove Street. ,
79 GROVE-TWO OR THREE SUNNY
I _«J furnished housekeeping rooms; separate
bath; laundry ■> . ■ • • •■ ;:■
• ,':.' *':;.V. tiuerrero Street.'' "r." ■
I 1 AQ GUERRERO, NR. TWENTY-FOURTH
I lit/ —Sunny suite of rooms and kitchen lor
. housekeeping; $15. ■■ r . .
, i_. . .-.' Hickory Avenue :,'
-I (\R HICKORY AYE.. COR. FRANKLIN-3
. :_ X yt\J Btmay furnished rmator housekeeping; CIS.
■ .-': i : - Howard Street.
raflA HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
( \)\) water and bath. ' . .
. - - . Jessie Street. - : :
■ Ann 3K.*SIE-V ROOMS NEATLY FUR-
di 0 nlsbed for housekeeping. . ■
HOUSEKEEPINO ROOMS — Continued.
Kearny Street. " .
OQA KEARNY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
_O' " gas or coal stove; also other rooms.
Leavenworth street.
Cl Cl LEAVENWORTH — COMPLETELY
OlOa furnished housekeeping rooms; 110 chil-
dren; 1 to 4 p. _.
' Lewi* Street*
"I Ql LEWIS, OFF POST— A SUITE FOR ONE
1 O;j or two youug ladies; very reasonable; home
comforts; board If desired.
.■ ■ Minna street.
OQ-1 MINN A, COR. FOURTH— 2 FURNISHED
—Ol' houaekeepg. rooms, very cheap: also single.
Q 1 /•"„; INN A— CHEAP HOUSEKEEPING
Oil) rooms :ki<-£ffS __
€>('(* MINNA-NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE-
OUO keeping rooms.
_ii«s.on street.
('On MISSION - HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
UO_ aad others cheap. ' ; |
QOQI MISSION— COM PLKTELY FURNISH*
(7_02 ed bedroom and kitchen, porch, other
'rooms. ' ■ ■ ■ ___
1 .li)l MISSION — SUNNY FURNISHED
J-i.l housekeeping, also single rooms.
1 I » 1- MISSION - 3 'ADJOINING HOUSE-
XX_.O keeping rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
$13. _■
Sixth Street.
m SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THK CITY;
coxy housekeeping and other rooms.
Ninth Street.
1 Of* l NINTH-HOUSEKEEPING AND SIN- '
l_.Da gle rooms: $8 to $10; no children.
Natoma Street.
17 41 NATOMA, COR. NINTH -SUNNY
I 4:1 front furnished rooms tor light [housekeep-
ing; also single. • ■ - h
Oak Street.
07 OAK— THREE OR FOUR SUNNY HOURE-
— . 1 Keeping rooms: reasonatle rent.
A Q OAK — 3 UNFURNISHED CONNECTING
TO rooms; cheap to a good tenant.
Octavin street.
1 4f\Q OCTAVIA, CO-. GEARY—
XTtUO furnished bay window room with kitchen.
Page Street.
IQI A* PAGE— 3 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
IOIU3 keeping rooms, with bath; »7. f
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL. COR. MARKKT£OPP. OCTAVIA—
2 or 3 sunny corner rooms, well furnished for
housekeeping: water and sink.
Perry Street.
Ol 91 PERBV— 2 LARGE SUNNY FRONT
-103 unfurnished housekeeping rooms; 97.
Pine Street.
nm 4 PINE— a UNFURNISHED SUNNY
_!_<l~t rooms: housekeeping; range and bath:
rent low.
Polk Street. ' J
191 Q POLK, NEAR SUTTER — UNFUR-
I_jlt7 Dished double parlors and kitchen.
Scott Street.
IRIA SCOTT -3 . OR 4 UNPtJRNIS HED
LDltt rooms: bath; garden. Call afternoon.
. Seventh Street.
1 /19 SEVENTH— BUNNY FRONT SUITES;
1 __. also single and housekeeping rooms; cheap.
-t cvenson Street.
nc)7 STEVENSON— NICE SUNNY
U— . i room; elderly lady preferred; cheap.
Stockton Street.
1 OOA STOCKTON — 2 OR 3 NICE SUNNY
10-v rooms complete for housekeeping: cheap.
1 70 '-i STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
X I \JO nished complete for hkpg.: cheap rent. ■
Tehama Street.
mTEHAMA — NEATLY FURNISHED
front room for llcht housekeeping; $6.
■ v Turn Street.
KO/1 TURK, NR. LAKKIN-SUNNY UPPEB
O—'l floor: 6 rooms; bath.
Van Nmu AT«nnn.
7-1 (\ VAN NESS —front PARLOR,
•1 \J completely furnished for housekeeping,
$25; also single rooms. 98. .
1 fl9 l VAN NFS- AYE.. COR. GEAKY—
1 '_ ■ J ny apartments with kitchen complete;
best location for dressmaker or professional man;
4 hotels adjoining.
1 AOfi VAN NESS AVE.— XILEGANTLY FUR-
J _ \J\J nished parlor floor with- kitchen; use of
piano. ' • ■ . • ... . . :.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR B CENTS — TH_»
-X WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, tor mailing.
ROOMS TO LET. —
California Street.
0~01 CALIFORNIA— ELEGANTLY FUR-
— OO L nlsbed rooms aod bath; cheap.
JKddT Street.
1I Q EDD Y -SUNNY CENTRALLY LO-
i located rooms; 95 up; 3 for housekeeping,
cheap. •
Cl f: EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
tJI.O private family; gentlemen only.
CQA EDDY - DOUBLE SUNNY FRONT I
UO\J room with grate; $7 per month.
XT A EDDY — NEAT SINGLE ROOM, IF;
OX\J large sunny parlor: reasonable. • '•- r ;
n~l Q EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
\JXfJ front room; large closet: reasonable.
li_hth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUbE, 28 BTH
at., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
tills Street.
fTIHE EAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
X HART, manager— A qmet house; ' centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot A cold water.
Fifth Street.
•1 rrt FIFTH— FURNISHED FRONT ROOMS,
±«J_. $8 and 9 10; also single rooms, $6.
J olHoiu Street.
eh A MONTH; SINGLE SUNNY FURNISHED
ijptfc front room. 785 Folsom st.
Fulton Street.
-iVqc FULTON.NEAR THE PARK— NICELY
1 O<7U furnished sunny front - rooms In private
family. • . ■ - ■■■ .- - .
(asjarj street.
Ol Q GBARY— LARGE, FRONT ROOM, BUIT
-IO able for business. ■ Key 217. ; . -
QOQ GEARY. BET. POWELL AND MASON—
O— <O Sunny furnished rooms. ■ -
701 GEARY— LARGE HANDSOMELY FUR-
I — iX. nlahed alcove room; suitable for gentleman.
THE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, $10
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. BW. cor. Van Ness aye.
(.olden Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE SUNNY DOUBLE
_. L front room; also nice single. .
OQ7 GOLDEN GATE AYE. —"FURNISHED
— iO I rooms; single or double; reasonable.
Hermann . Street.
OS HERMANN ST., NEAR VALENCIA— I
.'J or two rooms; nicely furnished; ' with or
without kitchen; gas and bath. ■
Howard Street,
1 IOQA HOWARD- ELEGANTLY • FUR-
1 1^.0 nhhed room In American family: closet;
bath: suitable for 1 person: 96 per month; none
but quiet, sober people need apply. ■ , ,
Jones street.
Urr JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
I sunny room; private: $12. .
rw»7 .'ONES— THE VAN \VINK_K-. NEW
•L.\> I management: elegant snnnr suites and
single; newly furnished: bath. etc: »1O to »»ll
Kearny Street.
A BLINOTON HOUSE, 127 KB Y-PLBAS-
XV. ant sunny rooms, en suite and single : first cits*
in «vry respect : terms reasonable. .-•--■
Larkln Street. .
"I 007 JERKIN-BUNNY FRONT PARLOR.
XV? 'I bedroom; other single rooms; running
water. .
Leavenworth Street.
"I COX LEAVEN WORTH-2 UNFURNISHED
JlU_<O rooms to let for housekeeping purposes.
Market-
-7 OSDMITB HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 360 to $1; week. $1 50 to $5: families.
1 Q£*OA MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
X<-)U— . sunny suites; $16 up; also housekeeping.
' Slintm • treet. ".
JOT - MINNA— GOOD CHEAP BOOM WITH
10l bath. . .
A C* A I MINNA NR. HIXTH-FINE LARGE
aOti2 sunny furnished front room, r'.'.e. -i:-.-.. .-
-7»7»7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
DD i nished bay-window rooms: $1 a week. j \j:
7071 M INN A — SUNN FURNISHED
% & 1 a room; gas aod bath; rent cheap.
" lv ifcHion street. ■ .
Qt>-: 7 MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
Oa >O ny rooms, with or without board. . . . • -
ÜBOPK IiOL'fSK, 116K MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
'•: ";'- -- -Ninth Street. ■
mNINTn ; ST.— FURNISHED AND UN-
.furnished rooms to let. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 11, 1896.
ROOMS TO .LET— Continued.
O'Farrell Street.
OX BOOM FOR $16. FIRST FLOOR. ELE-
•iP— vator, gas and electric light, 9lo reduction,
by Inquiring at room 2, same floor, 20 O'Farrell st,
'FARRELL, BET. GOUGH AND LAGUNA—
Newly furnished front and back parlors with
or without board; new fiat; references. Address O.
F.. box 18, Call. ■
lowell Street.
9 POWELL ST.— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
roms above Columbia Theater; transients a
specialty. ,
OO: POWELL, COR. GEARY— 2 LARGE SUN-
—.—.O ny, single, front furnished rooms.
f'/»r»A POWKLL— RIOHT IN '1 OWN; LARGE
UUU front room; suitable for 2 men.
_ Sixth Street.
Tin SIXTH (THE. BARATOGA) — NEWLY
1 XO furnished house of 90 rooms: single rooms,
91 50 to $13 per week : suites, 60c to 91 per day.
Seventh Street.
-I QQ SEVENTH — FURNISHED CORNER
JL OO front sunny rooms, housekeeping; low. .
Stevenson Street. -
JO' STEVENSON. NR. FIFTH— 4 ELEGANT
•±_.«J large rooms: yard; basement; first floor.
Stockton .Street.
1 Q1 A STOCKTON— SUNN FRONT ROOMS;
1 « ) 1 1 single; en suite -.also doctor's office -.cheap.
sutter street.
r.AA SUTTER - SUNNY FRONT SUITE;
O\J\J other rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
79/' SUITER— 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
I _<U private; gentlemen only; reference if re-
quired. •• "
1110 SUTTKR — LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
-1--1--1-O gentlemen preferred. - - ' ■ - -
'lay lor Street.
1 AQ TAYLOR— NICELY FURN'sHED RMS.
1"O for light housekeeping: also single.
* Tenth Street.
mTENTH.NR. MARKET— LARGE SUNNY
front rooms; housekeeping or board.
•lurk street.
lift TURK— BEAUTIFUL- SUNNY. SUITE;
HO newly furnished; single; with convenien-
ces; board optional.
- Miscellaneous.
S7 SUNNY FRONT ROOM: GAS AND
*T> 1 . bath; private family. Address W., box 104,
Call Office. .
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
T AK^E^S^NNYnTcELY FURNisHEITROOM
Xa in Western Addition; suitable for 1 or 2 gen-
tlemen or man and wife; board optional ; terms
reasonable: private family. Address Bush Street,
box 56, Call Office. ... -
\\r ANTED— 4GKNTLEMKN TO ROOM AND
»» board: sunny rooms: strictly private: lady
does her own cooking: New England style: refer-
ences exchanged. 1220 McAllister st, bet. Fill-
more and steiner. . . -
Q/'-lF: TWENTIETH ST., BET. VALENCIA
OU-i) and Guerrero— Nice alcove room with
board in private family; home comforts; price
reasonable.
Alii LOTT, 2 BLOCKS FROM BAKER— SUN-
"VI ny rooms with board; private family.
7QK GEARY-FINE SUNNY ROOM FOR 2
IDO gentlemen,* or man and wife; board optional.
QOQ GEARY— SUNNY SUITE; SUITABLE
isOO for family; excellent board; reasonable.
-i\Q O'FABBELL— HANDS: ELE-
i v'O gant rooms en suite or single; first-class
board.
lAm VAN NESS AYE.— SUNNY SUITE:
X _U 1 single rooms, with good board.
V ICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS: UNSUR- '
■Li passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
fl per day: $2, $2 60, $3 per week and up: 98 to
$30 mo. Hackmclers Hotel. GEO.GRUKNIQ, Pr.
KST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; 94 50
week. $16 a month, at Hackineier's Hotel.
TJACKMEIKR'S HOTEL. 123-129 KDDY ST.;
Xl new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room 96 and 96 a week and up.
OTKL BKRTLINO. 714 iIUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
«:'i convenience*. .
CHILDREN HOARDED.
TCTI^OW^OVVjfING^HER OWN HOMENEAR
'» Ocean View, will take two children to board
and care for; can give them all her time; must, be
over 2 years old. Address MRS. BLACK, box 26,
Call Office.
IV IDOW WOULD LIKE TWO CHILDREN TO
** board ; furnished room for parent. 1016 Jack-
son bu
STORES TO LET.
' !sfo?p7FTir\TnrETT^ U _rvTN??
KpOKJ, room« and large bake oven : formerly oc-
cupied as a French: bakery. " ABUTON A GAR-
LINER, 411 Montgomery st.
STORE AND 3 ROOMS, WEL . LIGHTED
O and sunny,^ent 915: 1609 a Howard st. Apply
to P. C. M ALLOY, 138 Montgomery st.
"J?INE STORE: 9 ROOMK; BEFITTED; RENT
X* reduced. 616 Sacramento, near Montgomery. :
OFFICES TO LET.
Q^O^JAItK^TT^P^r^MASON^LOFTS^ OF
COO various sices; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises. ' ■■.-"•■*'
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
V Offices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM. ■
SPRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
O Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up; electric-light ;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
~- STABLES TO LET.
■OEAUTIFUL LABGE STABLE: 2414 CALI-
X> fornla ; rent cheap. Apply room 28, Chroni-
de building. .■ ■ . ■■ ■ •
_^ EDUCATIONAL.
\* i«S?~MELviLLE J HN YDKR, STUDIcT'oii I
■*-»I Sutler: teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution a specialty: vocal Shakesperean
o asses; skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte. etc Vocal
classes resumed Monday at 8 I*, m.; 91 per month.
OOKKEEPING BY TABR; ON LV ACCOUNT-
J* ant teaching: 1/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
"OOOKKEKPING-SCHOOL-PE NMa S UJI P
XJ arithmetic, taught In 6 weeks. 5 stock ton. nu. 2'
E FOREST— STAGE, ELOCUTION. VOICE-
. building. 14 McAllister, r. 44; 10:30 to 4:30.
/GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: 93 ma MARY WESTHaUS, 39 Fifth.
I'ANISU, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTIU AN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w.; 93 m. Mazebld.,r.»7.
CPaKIsH, FRENCH, GKBMAN; MODERATE.
OAlelstersehaft School Language*. 122 O'Farrell s:
■\7"OICE-BUILDINO, PANTOMIME AND ACT-
V ing. LEO COOPER. 814 Geary st. .
PROFESSOR U. MANBFIKLD7t_ACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
leg*. 825 Montgomery bl; Individual Instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc; life
'scholarship 950; low rates per week and month.
TTeLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
X) Prl vat* theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7ih and MkU
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL CIVIL, MINING. ME-
-0 chanical engineering, surveying, architecture
assay; estab. '64. VAN DKR NAILLEN, 723 MkU
HKALD'B BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shortbaad,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, moahsra
language* rapidly (aught. Write for catalogue.
XT IGHTISCHOOLiHKALD'a Bit*. :J4
li Post: commercial, shorthand. English : low ra'«t
IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; H_A-
nonablf. PROF. FRANCIS. 1046 U. Valencia.
DENTISTS.
DR.L. T. I'RASZ- EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bride* work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
nROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 MAR-
V' ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction- artificial teeth.
frm $5: fillings frm $1 ; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
rt»rr A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
«S) i good as can be mad*: filling 91. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
K. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh : no charge tor extracting when
plates at* made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from 98 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
ONEST WORK: VERY LOWKST PRICES.
DR. HAHDCASTLK. 628 Montgomery, r_. 1.
Ii^ULL WET OF TEETH. $7; WaBRaNTED
X 1 fivo years. DR. V. CAVaLBKY. 24 sixth su
ET OFTKETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
I\R GKOKGJC W. : LEEK. THK OESUINB
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
aDd patentee of ■ Improved bridge work or teem
without any plata, moved from 6to 20 Farrell at.
AINLESS extraction, 60c; CROWN.
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 vearv
experience. • B. L. WALaH. D.D.8.. 816«4 Geary.
1 »_. H. H. SHAW, 224.KEABNY — BBIIAiE-
XJ work a specialty ; open evenings 7:80 to 9.
/ OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80<* M_.U^
\J k«t su ' DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
D' R. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings; Snedavs till noon.
__ WORK REASONABLE ■•> AND WA_-"
tmnfd. DR. J W. KEY. 1123 Market st.
■7W: ■;■*'■'"• 1 • STORAGE. ' •',. .. "-. ; !
T""_ r ROONE YT^2Td^s7oiJ^?T6TtA^_~AT
.reduced rates: basement storage,9l 60 per load
TORAGK— CHEAPEST IN THK CITY ; FlRE-
proof oniidlng; advances made.; 211 Larkin.
I o west BATES— FURNITURK, PIANOS.
XJ household goods, etc. . J. M. !»<erce, 736 Market.
AB. SMITH FURNITURE . CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof bonding; Eastern plac
PPLY FOR BATES FOR STORING FURNI-
lure, eta ■ BHIItE- _ SHUtEK. 747 iiwrkeu "
;.,„ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.,
_»"Onn NE~W FIRST-CLASS ifPRIGHT^ON
i|D_UU. $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth sU
"MAGNIFICENT STOCK PIANO; OR AND
l'l tone; private party; obliged to sacrifice. Boom
31, Flood building. • - .-- ■ . ...
RARE O I'PO IT UPRIGHT .GRAND
XV Hardmau: like new; wonderful tone;, elegant
case: erfect condition: offered by private party at
your own price for Immediate sale. Room 10,
Flood building. ■■ ' ' ■
<_ = MONTHLY INSTALLMENTB-A LARGE
rjst> size, new fine-tune Upright; price $175. 418
Kills St., room 22. • _._ -;
STEINWAY, 9175: DECKER, 9150: LADD,
960; tuning, repairing. BRI _NN'S. 228 Post.
OHMEK. .STECIC, STEINWAY. BTATHAM
second-hand upright scbeap. 106 McAllister.
NNUAL MAY CLEARANCE SALE OF
pianos and musical goods; evervthlng sold
cheap this month. MAUVaIS', 769 Market st. .
HERMAN. CLAY A CO,, BTEINWAY REP-
resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos aud organs In the West; all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments; everything guar-
anteed 'as represented. Kearny and Sutler.
KFOKK BUYINGBEKHAINEBROS.', BUSH
& Gerts' and Knabe pianos; at -wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT _, CO.. 324 Post st.
A SHAW, $575; STEINWAY. 9216: SQUARE,
9*6; rented 92 op. HEINK, 136 Ellis st.
CjQk PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
<S)O0. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
LL YOU WANT IS VALUE - FOR YOUR
money ; investigate these prices and be con-
vinced: the new seven-bar autoharp $6; the five-
bar autoharp $4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the prize-winner guitar
93 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, 947 SO;
elegant new upright pianos In any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak. $187; one trial will convince
yon. J. HARRY SCOTT, U29 Market at, Bpreck-
cl's building. _ ■■■-'-■■ _. .
A RRIVKD-LOT of celebrated hioh-
_X grade T. L. Neumann pianos; prices, and terms
moderate. H. LUEDKRB, 82 Ninth st.
noNOVER PIANO: AS UUOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. TU» .*•. W. bP_NCKU COM-
PANY, 838 Post st. ' "
/^HICKEKINO, KNABK, STKCK.VOSE. STER-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
:or renu BENJ. CURTAZ _ son, 16 O'Farralt.
(jjj 1 --r CASH OK INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
<3>l 10. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness,
YKON MAU/.Y, 308. POST BOHMKR,
Newby A Evans. Brtggs and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
O H. Ml 1.1.XX. rermirpr, * Jjuham place.
HORSES.
vi?a^t^d^t^v^^orTk3^cd^v^g7>STn
»» part payment of magnificent new piano. Ad-
3re»s Box 61, this office^
«A HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
'IV buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth St.; auction bales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers. •
lAi) S_T3 SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
11/ kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts:
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
OBSES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
"I £(\ bKTS NEW AaU SECOND-HAND HAK-
lul/ ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers- sand-wagons. ' 1128 Mission st.
R. C H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY BUB-
K*on for a F. Police Department. Office anil
hospital. 121 Cttv Hal: aye.: telephone south 4111.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
T IGHT WAGON; GOOD CONDITION
XJ ble for grocery cheap. 836 Devisadero st.. near
McAllister. -
HANDSOME FAMILY CARRIAGE, NEARLY
XI new, with single. harness, together or sepa-
rately, for sale. 822 Broadway, Oakland. /
FFF.R WANTED ON $250 TOP ROAD BUG-
gy. 1620 Mission st. ■ J
VTKW AND D-H AND BAKERY, LAUN-
— I dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. H'-'8 Harrison st-
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
THRESH HALF-BREED JERSEY'^QU ARTS
J rich milk a day: for family. 1312 Folsom st.
■L-" IRS 1 -CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING-
" ton hand press; alsoeltbth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100. this office. '■
ECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE KN-
ginei: varioussUtes; guaranteed perfect order;
bargain. G. E.. box 100. Call.
SINGER, NEW FAMILY: FIVE DRAWERS;
912 60. 2437 Mission, near Twenty-first.
TJARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKER;
XJ write for price*. Typewriter Kx., 310 California.
L'OH SALE CHEAP-86 HORSEPOWER EN-
JP glnc, bo ler, shafting, pulleys, etc. Apply W.
E. LEE, Twenty-fourth bU and Telegraph aye.,
land. V . •■
C\ LOSING OUT OF STOVES. TIN WARE, ETC;
\J small or large quantity. 1075 Howard st.
1 HUH MODEL. NEW WHEEL; $45 CASH.
1O JD 940 Folnom st. ■•■■•--.
SAND-PAPER MACHINE. BUZZ P-ANER,
rock breaker, 6 h-pow. boiler engine. 404 3d.
PICTURE-FRAMING WITH- GLASS 7x9
X inches. 10c; . Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and
12x16, 20c: 14x17, 2Bc: 16x20, 30c: 18x22, Ssc;
20x24, 46c; 22x28. 60c. JONES, 647 Mission st.
1 WINDMILL: TANKS 15.000 GAL-
-1"I Ions; frame 30 feet; pump and pipes: also B-
foot windmill; tanks 10,0<X) gallons: pumps and
pipes. 1467 Seventh St., West Oakland. .
T^OR SALE AT A BAKU AlN— HAD WKN-
-C SWAIN gas-encme (4 horsepower). In perfect
order. Call at 207-209 Sacramento St., third floor.
"YOUNG RATTER AND HUNTER PUPS
X cheap. A. SWELL, Eighteenth and Rail-
road aye. > :
"PIANO, 925; COW, 925; PANEL-TOP WAGON
X cheap. 814 Nineteenth, nr. Sanchez, aft. 6 p.m.
HIGH GRADE '95 BICYCLES; $80 TO 960.
Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes st.
FIRE-PROOF t>AFE WITH BURGLAR
X chest; cheap. D. N. HAWI.EY, 818 Market.
OILERS, KNGINE!*,2D-HANDMACHINERY,
waterpipes. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI.
X> ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
UILDfNGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, BASHKS
13 doors, mantels, etc fir sale. 1166 Mission.
NE SMALL M-DU.M AND LARCH SIZE
fire and bur»!.ir proof safe. 109. 111 Market sW
L-IRE AND .; BURGLAR SAFK, LETTER-
X: press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
\TEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SKCONU-
1\ hand. W. a RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California »-
Cl OUNT £ X S, SHELVING. bHUWCAS-3
; bought and Mid 112U*MarkM bet. 7U»and«ta
AW I : i _ N KtVS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
WEEK— CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
MEDICAL.
NEW PROCESS-NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
mint or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what. cause: restores always in. one day;
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. PR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
1 ADIEB, CONSULT FBEE MliS. DR. SCOTT".
XJ 216 Powell sUi only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
LL cases OF irregularities RE-
stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed : travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home In confinement; regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used: ladles, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere: you win save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post St.. near Larklu.
A;BLESHINO..TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar .to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never fails: perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately : prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. lilt, & MRS.
DAY IKS, 14 McAllister su, next Hlbernla Bank;
consult free French regulating pink pills. 92.
1 ADIES— CHICHKSTKR'S ENGLISH PEN-
Xj nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars. "Relief for Ladies." in letter by return
mall; at druggists Chichester : Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa. . ' \ .
MRS. DR. WEOENEK, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement: - Irregularities cured In a ■ few
hours without operation; pills 92. 419 Eddy sU
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all | cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge; separata
home for patients; best skill; medical atl«nd-
nce: low lees; regulator. $2. 1370 Market su ' -•
URECURE FOR ALL FKMALK DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home In confinement
with every comfort; 7 satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYKK, 226 Turk St.
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FKMALK DISEASE,
1 don't fall to see MRS. DR. PUKTZ, 264y» 4th.
T ADIKS — GJ£RMACIDE CAPSULES PBE-
XJ vents, safe,, sure; pills do longer - required;
$1 60 per box. Q. S. P. Co.. 1031 Market st.. aF.
1 B, HALL, 14 McALLISTKR M'REKT, NEAH
'Jones.- - I»ifiea»fs of women and children.
HOME, a FJtIENT> AND MOTHER'S CAKE.
MRS. DR. FUN K'S, 1416 Klghtc st.,Alamcda
A LPEAU'B FRENCH; PILLS— A BOON TO
_\. ladles troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure: $2 50 express C. O. D. : don't delay
until too late.- OSOOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
D^^'K^rSß&^l'v^R^E^LTws' A "sPECL
A aJty; private;: no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market
jT"nolen, attorney-at-Law. 55
. Market su; advice free. ■ . .
E. PHILLIP^, U. 8. AND sTATE COURTS
• damage suits; law. of probate and divorce
charges moderate. • Offices, 508 California st.
; J. MURRAY. ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR Al
. law: advice free. 24 Sixth su, rooms 14, 15
\XT •W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY- A r-LAW,42(
11 . California at., rooms 14 and 15: a.l vice free
;._ ■- SEWING MACHINES. N
A LLKINDS BOUGHT. SOLD/EXCHANGED
IV rented, repaired; lowest rate. £05 Fourth st
m CITY ■ REAL : ESTATE. 'V^J.^ n
"^TTwAA N^rHTTt>r > MJF^rKoO>IS. BATH:
tjpIUUU. 2 lots: cM< -house; chickens; 2
minutes, from depot and . horsecars. - Address r.
BLAG ROVE, Golden Gate. Berkeley.
OR SALE. CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES;
lot 27:6x85; 7 rooms: bath: ; finished base-
ment;- rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes: one walks. On Waller St., near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park. .
CL'£^(t HOUSE AND LOT, $650. ■■ ■ • ■-"
tpDO". Lot 25x125: 4-room cottage: suitable
for dairy. PATTERSON * CO, 2 Valencia sU -■:
<_ A C\(\ AT A SACRIFICE— 9400. i-K'
i tUU. Corner bouse and lot, cblcken-houies
and barn: lot 63 by 100; 976 down, small Install-
ments: good : location. PATTERSON & ; CO.. 3
Valencia st. ; ~:'J :•'■-.-" ■' '•'■"''■ ••" - --•'-■""
TiOR SALE, JKRSEY. ST., NEAR DOUGLASS;
X 1 new cottage 5 large rooms, bath, attic, fine base-
ment, latest improvement: Vi block from electric-
cars. Apply WM. PLANT. NE. cor. 24iu and
Douglass. ■,:'•■•- "■•■•,-.■ . •""'-'..' ' .'•.•.■•'■'■■*■'■-.
ATA- SACRIFICE— MODERN RESIDENCE
J\. and SB- foot lot. cost $14,600; small . cash pay-
ment : rest monthly. Apply 2710 Devlsadero. ■ :
_>OR SALE — ELEGANT 12-ROQM HOUSE,
-T just completed, opp. Park: modern. 1917 Oak.
(_QFIA NEAT COTTAGE AND LOT; 5
*&oO\J. rooms: hard-finished. 210 Andover
aye., bet. Crescent st. and East aye., Holly Park
Tract. _. ■ ■'•-■•■ ■':-■■• ' . -- ■
EXCHANGE— 76x100; ELEGANT 9- ROOM
house; free use of large grounds; water works
and stable; splendid view: value 9600<>; mort-
gage 92000. SHAJDBURNE, owner, Hoffman
aye. and 2f>Ui St., San Francisco. . - •■--
m> I fr (\ RARE CHANCE FOR A HOMK;
*!p i li)U. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms, cor. lot,
x5O, Holly Park; small payments same as rent.
CADENAsSO & CO., 612 Montgomery »t.
ftnijAA 50-FOoT~FRONT~XX WESTERN
tJp_IOUU. Addition: Improved; . rents 924 per
month. ASHTON A GARDNER, 411 Montgom-
ery st. :
Tjj-1 h(\(\ COTTAGE; 3 BOOMS: LOT 60x135:
«£)IOUV/* In Berkeley, near station: payments
easy. - - - - • ■ •
$1100— Cottage; 3 rooms: lot 75x125.
$1000— Handsome corner; 100x100; 916
monthly.
$200— Lot 25x135: $10 down: $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BaILEY, 'JO Montgomery su
dkOA PER LOT, 25x100; SAN BRUNO ROAD;
*X_<U 6Va miles from Palace Hotel: patent title;
8. P. K. t;. shore line will cross tract, make It busi-
ness property; 15 minutes distant: some day
worth 91000 a lot; deed, map and abstract 91. A.
WHEELER, 331 Montgomery st., room 10.
VIODEBN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
i'l bath, basement and attic, built for $2500:
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
©-'Aft CHANCE OF A LIFETIME TO
tU)i)OUU. secure a model home at just half its
real value; must bo sold at once on account of
owner leaving the State; 65 acres fine land near
good town; in easy drivlngdiatance from Oakland;
1 5 acres tine bearing orchard; cherries, apricots,
Times, apples, eta; 10 acres bearing vineyard,
Balance in grain; heavy crop: modern cottage-
house of 7 hard-finished rooms; good barn and
other buildings: water pipea from living springs:
also a runninac stream through the place; beautiful
lawn and flowers; also vegetable garden; flr.it come
first served; and If you don't apply early you'll
miss it. GAMAN A LYON, 215 Kearny st. .
"cjitixnn REDUCED FROM $12,000 TO
<IPO«JUU. make quick sale: 30 acres early fruit
In bearing, one mile from Vacavllle: has rented
for several years and is now rented for $1500
cash; this year's rental goes to buyer or will re-
serve rent and sell for 97000: what better invest-
ment than this can you flud? GAMAN _ LYON,
21 ft Kearny. ... - __ . ■ - -
Ci«Qcn<| NICE LITTLE .HOME OF 10
»jS»JiJUI'. acres creek bottom land near good
town and railroad and only 12 miles over i ood road
from Oakland; fronts county road! nice Improve-
ments: 3 or 4 acres bearing orchard, ba'ance grain;
bargain. GAMAN — LYON, 216 Kearny St.
©IQCn 60 ACRES FINE LAND FRONT-
© IOwU. Ing road; all under cultivation;
fenced: no other improvements': easy driving dis-
tance from Oakland and near town; could be sub-
divided in 10-acre lots and sold readily at good
profit; .see this. GAMAN A LYON, 216 Kearny.
ffljO^nn 160 ACRES l MILE FROM TOWN
ijPOUUU. and only 20 miles from Oakland:
fenced; good new house and barn: living springs;
water piped to buildings, bearing trees and vines
for family use; 80 acres comparatively level and
fine fruit land, balance timber and pasture; pos-
sessory title to 160 acres joining included: posses-
sion .November 1, 1896, or $4000 and Immediate
possession, including heavy grain crop on the 80
acres. GAM AN 4 LYON, 215 Kearny st.
- 7,^A 160 ACHES FINE LEVEL LAND
<J!O I v\J. near Vacavllle, Solano County;
fenced Into 7 fields; 10 acres bearing orchard : 90
acres grain: heavy crou;- common boose; large
barn: other buildings: nome personal property In-
cluded; will leave 93000 for i or 5 years at" 4 1 2
per cent If desired ; this is » great .bargain and the
terms unusually easy. GAMAN & LYON, 215
Kearny st.
BA RG A I N~ FOR 1 WEEK— OF THE
best 60 acre vineyard In Nania Clara Valley;
rear Los Gatos. Address V., box 5, Call Office. -
OOD-PAYING INSTALLMENT HOUSE FOR
VT sale. A ddr.ss 801 Kast Main st., Stockton, Cal.
RANGE LANDS.
RANGE LANDS.
BARGAIN PRICES.
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE. •
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
OKANUh-Bi.OSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE. STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice horn* and
at the same time a good Investment: It will cost
you unimproved ' 9700, planted and cultivated
91750: about 9300 cash, balance In five annual
payments: no Interest; the trees t>lant ed on this
property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns.
We have an experienced horticulturist in charge
of the colony who will care for non-resident own-'
ers' properties very reasonably.
For further . particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
638 Market St., San Francisco. I
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
Cal.
I:»OR SALE; AT A SACRIFICE; BEAUTIFUL
. home; a productive farm of 72 acres: fine resi-
dence orchard and vineyard of 18 acres: large
barn, windmills, etc.; situated in Yfcnaclo Valley,
Contra Costa County, near railroad station; must
be sold: will subdivide If necessary. WALTER
J. BAK SETT, 328 Montgomery st.
riOXTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
\J send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez. Cal. _
MAP IN "COUNTY— 5000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco. ■-. ■
Rancho de Novato. .
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, train and
vegetable land: no irrigation: both rail and water
transportation; $40 to 976 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular. " " '
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
<3»Q AN ACRE: 320 ACRES, HOUSE,
«IpO fences, fertile soli, living water, plenty of
wood: crops never fall; good for stock, grain,
fruit, poultry, etc.: terms easy; no snow; no
chills. M. •A. GRIFFIN, real estate agent, Cot-
tonwood, Shasta County, Cal. . - . -
inn ACRES OR ANY PORTION: a HOURS'
1 \J\J drive from city: suitable for raising vege-
tables, chickens or flowers; plenty of water at a
depth of 7 feet: price $100 per acre. ASUTON A
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
8 ACRES GARDEN LAND IN ROSS VALLEY,
O orchard and running stream -old improvements;
93000. Address J. TUNBTF.aD, San Rafael.
KNDFOHOUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER <fc WHITTQN. San Jos*.
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: IM-
XJ proved; -easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. T WING. Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market st. S. F.
MONEY _ TO LOAN.
1 ST — 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
J-tates Slowest rates :no deIay .MURPHY.62B MrkU
<_i n (\r\n AT 6% PER CENT WE HAVE
«JpXV.V/UU to loan on good city real estate.
G. H. UMBBEN A CO., 14 Montgomery Bt.
■RIG CAPITAL. IN TRUST AT 6 PKK CENT;
X> the same rate on a 2d mortgage or life insur-
ance, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Call Office.
4 DVANOESONDIAMONDB.JKWKLHY, ktu
J\ Columbia Loan *. Collateral Office. 9 (iranc aye.
rnoLOANBY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM 920
1 to $5000 on good security. i'.O.box 444. Oakland
NY AMOUNT: IST, 21> or 3D MOIITUAGE3:
estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
MONEY i LOAKED 'ON JEWKLRY AND
other valuables «at the Security Loan Office,
1106Mark*tst..nr. Mason : private entrance 7 Turk.
OBTGAGKS, LOANS ON COLLATERA 8;
low rates. Hylvaln Saloman <£ C 0. ,328 Montgy
D" IRECT OS YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market su
<_ 1 (\f\ f\f\f\ TO LOAN ON LIFE INSUR-
«JnIUU.UUU ance policies. JOSEPH B. TOP-
LITZ, 330 Pine, _• ' -
LOANS ON -FURNITURE, -PIANOS AND
diamonds; confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
PAWNBROKERS. .
A~ T 12« KBABNY ST.. BOOM^k-MOSKY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. ; low rates: p;t«
Tate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal j cheap. -
~~~- proposals. ;- _
R'OPbSAL^* FOR" RAISING AND^JKN-
Urging a school - building, for -heating and
ventilating' a school building, for building -. a
concrete bulkhead r and for ■ constructing water
closets— Sealed proposals will : be received by the
Superintendent of Common schools, In open ses-
sion of the Board of Education, new City Hall,
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY. May 13. 1886.
at 8:30 o'clock p. _ lor raising and enlarging the
Bernal Heights Primary School building, for heat-
Ing and ventilating said building: for reconstruct-
ing a concrete bulkhead at-the North Cosmopoli-
tan Grammar School, and t constructing water
closets at the Columbia Grammar and Harrison
Primary schools, In accordance ■ with plans and
specifications- (and 'conditions named therein) at
the office of CHARLES I. HAVENS, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets.' The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
quire. GEORGE Bfc. AN STQ>\ Secretary. ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
_OFFICE--908 BROADWAY.
. OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ~~ |
qiQp:n/y chicken RANCH; THIS IS A
<iS)OO\J\J. bargain; Improvements cost $4000;
the best improved chicken ranch in Contra Costa
County: only 2 hours' drive from Oakland. For
particular* apply to owner, V. P. MITCH ELS,
painter, Fourteenth and Webster Bis. Oakland.
d?~| Q^fi EASY TIiRMS; NEW 6-ROOM
VPX OO\J. house; block and half fiom cars; cor-
ner lot: an Ideal home; see it at once. WM. P.
TODD, 1002 Broadway, Oakland. . . •
GOOD COTTAGK; B ROOMS. BATH, ETC.;
large lot; lane fruit trers; In heart of Fruit-
vale: only $1250: •' terms to . suit. LODGE <&
POWELL, Frultvale station. .
Q»A ' A FOR BEAUTIFUL LOTS IN MEAD
tJp*±tJ vf. Park, which faces San Pablo aye.. Mar»
ket and Twenty-fifth st., in the center of Oakland:
terms, one-fourth cash. A. H. Brped it Co., 460
Ninth st., Oakland, or DAVIDSON A LEIGH, 137
Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
LOOKI $100! LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS;
XJ no interest: near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. PINNKY, 902 Broadway, Oakland. ; -
A TTENTION BUILDERS — PARTIES bl>
A siring to build homes or bouses to rent will find
I: to their advantage to call on us at once: special
attention given lo alterations or repairs; plans and
specifications furnished free of charge. .A. H
BLOW. 1010 Broadway. . . • - . -
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
menu equal to - rent; close to Frultvale sta-
tion: 46 minutes to Ban Francisco: 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
gas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, KD WARD DICK, agent, Frultvale sta-
tion.
*_ OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
AG E, 5 ROOM SAN D BATH: DEN}
,V/ rent $14. water f rep. 107 Taylor st. '
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
"^q^ FTR^rTuiKE^iaroMs^ hTschell!
(■pOU. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh at.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. }
ARCUBIT& BE^^EIT^CO^TRACTOrS
i'J and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
9i;200— cash, 920 monthly: 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
$2450-$25 cash, $22 50 monthly: 63x117; cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
83000— No cash: $25 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
$3250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order,' In
elegant location.
Several special bargains in lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays. *
OOK-9350 FOR LOTS HALF A BLOCK
from Park «t.. Alameda. on installments: fine
location. H.B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OfH^CXft 4-KOOM COTTAGE, $50 CASH
<J)_.UUU. $20 per month. -
$2300— 5-room cottage, $300 cash, $25 month.
9 2750— 6-room cottage, 9260 cash, $25 month.
$8000— 8- room house, 9200 cash, 925 month.
14000— 7-room bouse, 9600 cash, $25 month.
All modern houses, on improved . streets and
convenient to trains. Have also a few magnificent
homes at reduced prices and on easy terms.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD Company, 1364 Park st.,
Alameda. ■•-■ • - ■ ■"■ •• ■ ■
"<_! rrrf\ MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
Cl lOV. and bath; $100 cash, $20 per month.
No. 736.
95600— NE. cor.: new; rooms and bath: open
plumbing, etc; 9250 cash. 930 a month. - No. 788.
$3100— $100 cash, 925 a month; fine 6-room cot-
tage; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 606.
$5000— Elegant new house: 8 rooms: mast be
sold: $500 cash, 940 per month. No. 671. . - ;
$2800— Snap: $160 cash, $26 per month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No 752.
$3500— New modern -'-story. 7 rooms and bath:
$250 cash. 930 per month. No. 662.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL <fc CO., 1432 Park St., Alameda.
V^EW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
—1 rooms, just completed, on Central avc, 1 block
west from Park St.; lot 36x140; rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: parlor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els In doors; plate glass throughout: beautiful
brick mantel In dining-room; plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement: elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as I am
sure if you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
_. M. GRAY. 463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
ARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
easy terms: 4, 6, 6 and 7 room cottars and 2-
story dwellings on easy terms; from 92000 up;
$150 cash: balance on easy monthly payments to
suit. Address A. R. DKNKE. real estate, archl-
tect nti'l huildrr. 1503 Seventh »'.. AlamPdn.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
olof-N^anTAOKrrkooMsrALL
modern Improvements; lawn: flowers; rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth St., bet. Mustick and
Endnal station. Alameda. -• ' ' ■■ ■
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
VT ICE" COTTAGK— LOT 100x130, WITH 100
—l chickens; reasonable; easy terms. 2 10 Vis
Eleventh St., S. F.
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY <& CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
P'^o^r^jtTTn^eT^elley-^a modern
r house of 10 rooms, bath and laundry; large
yard, stable and chicken-house; cheap to responsi-
ble and permanent tenant; 3 blocks from station;
convenient to University. Address Berk, box 10,
Call Office. . . .
OR BENT— ELEGANT RESIDENCE OF
-T 12 rooms, Dwlght way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds; profusion of flowers, frnit. and shrub-
bery:, carriage-house, barn, eta' M. L. WUBTS,
Dwigbt-way station. ■
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
D\l\f 20 houses and lots, from 91260 to. .f 10.000
50 ranches, ail sizes, from 9100 to 30.000
20 houses, Oakland and Alameda. 91000 to 8.000
100 business places, all kinds, from 950 to. 4,000
25 lodging-bouses and hotels, from 9^oo to 3,000
4 flats, lot 60x114 • 5,000
•1 good lot In city....:.. 150
2 lots. Ocean View. 50x125 600
4 stores; 28 rooms; rent 9H'O ;.... 25,000
WHAT HAVE YOl' TO OFFER? :
I SELL AND EXCHANGE j
All kinds of property. ■ — ■ i —
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth,
SAN RAFAEL RESIDENCE: 8 ROOMS, ETC.;
0 accepted street: value 94000; will exchange
for city residence. J. R. ROCHE, San Rafael.
O EXCHANGE— ROYAL BICYCLE. BODE
less than 100 miles, for first-class typewriter.
Address, with particulars, V. B-, box 89. this office.
ToQfl acre's TIMBER land, kern CO.;
I £iO\J water: fine for cattle-ralslng. N..b\.16.Ca1l
LEGAL NOTICES.'
i^i!El>ATtTM3iNT~NOr9^^
XJ superior Court in and for the city and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
In the matter of the estate of JEAN LACOSTE,
deceased. No. 17,239. ■.-.-■■
Notice is hereby given that FRIDAY, the 16th
day of May, A. D. 1896. at 10 o'clock a. U. of said
day, and 'the courtroom- of Department No. 9 of
said court, at the New City Hall, in the City and
County of San Francisco, mate of California, have
been appointed as the tin»e and place for proving
the will of said JEAN LACOSTE, deceased, and
for hearing the application of JEAN PIERRE
TllKuphile LACOSTE, for the issuance to him
of letters testamentary thereon.
Dated April 30. A. I) . 1896.
[BKAI] ; CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
By V. F. Northrop, Deputy Clerk.
P. ALEXANDRA BKRGKROT, attorney for
petitioner, rooms 142-143, Crocker building, San
Francisco. - •
BltJTlfcS — MARIUACIK^ — DEATHSL
[Birth, marriage an 1 death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be tended In at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorlzaJ
to have the same published.]
BORX.
BLISS— May 9, 1896, to the wife of F. _. Bliss,
a son.
MARRIED.
HTTTCHINOS-ADLER-May 10, 1896, Frank J.
Mulchings and Bessie F. Adler, both of San
Francisco.
DIED.
Clancy, Mary Mahoney. Mrs. E.
Colmann, Barbara M. O'^bea. 'Thomas
Einsfeld, Peter Parsons, Edwin A.
Euos. Arthur F. Rellly. William T.
Fennel, Caroline Reynolds. Clara
Foster. Martha J. Rodriguez, Dolores
Gebhardt, Frederick Satter. Adam
Hamilton, James L. Shendan. Mary C.
J pilings. William Silva, Antone
Kennedy. Mary Sieele. Samuel J.
Knob'.och, Jacob Toland. John
Kupfer, Genevievß Thomas, Charles W.
Lapouble, Daniel Whitworth, Florence
Larkin, George H. Zeiner. Emma
CLAXCY-In this city. May 10. 1896. Mary, be-
loved wife of P. W. Clancy, and sister of Mrs.
Miles Sharkey of Plumas County, Cal., a native
of Ireland, aged 41 years.
COLMANN— in ths city. May 9, 1898. Barbara M.,
beloved wife of Martin Colmann. and mother of
Mrs. B. Naber, Mrs. Rose Norrls, Mrs C. W.
Heyer, and Martin, George and Alma colmanu,
and sister of Mrs Rose Bernardl. Pbilipp. Geb-
hardt, and the late Mrs. F.tnma and Mary
Buhlert, a native of Germany, aged 58 years 2
months and 19 days. Past Grand of Walhalla
Rebekah Degree Lodge No. 130. I. O. a F.
.(^Friends and acquaintances are rssoec-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. v.. under the auspices
of Walhalla Rebekah Degree Lodge No. 130,
1 O. O. F., from I. O. O. F. Hall, corner Seventh
and Market streets. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
EINSFELD-Iu this city. May 9, 1896, Ptter, do-
lovea husband of the late Nellie Einsfed, and
father of Peter, Harry M.. George A. and Josepti-
ine Klnsfelrt. a native of Germany, aged 65 years
1 month and I day. [San Jose papers please
copy. J
ffg-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funaral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday). at 10 o'clock a. _ from the under-
taking parlors or McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy s'.reet.
ENOs— ln this city. May 10. 1896, Arthur Francis,
beloved child of Frank and Anne F.uos. a native
of San Franc>sco, aged 4 mouths and 26 days.
FENNKL— In this city, Mny 10. 1896, Caroline
Fennel, widow of the late Henry Fennel, and
boloved mother of Henry and Jacob Fennel,
Mrs. C. Heilwlgand Mrs. George C. Wood, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 63 years 10 months and 4
days. A niemb'Tof the 'San Francisco Frauen
Vereln. [Los Angeles papers please copy.J
49TFriends and acquaintance* ara resnect-
fully invitea to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. _.. from the residence
of Mr. C. Hellwig, 123« Guerrero street, near
Twenty-fifth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SAN FRANCISCO FRAUEX VEREIN— The
officers and funeral committee are hereby In-
vited to assombl© TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 1
o'clock p. _ at their meeting-rooms. Drolds'
Hall, 413 Suiter street, to attend tiie funeral of
O'ir late member. Mrs. Caroline Fennel.
MRS. ANNA HUHU, President.
Mb». Anka Moas, Secretary.
FOSTER— In this city, May 9.1896, Martha i..
beloved wife of George W. Foster, mother of
George A. and Elmer A. Foster, Mrs. Emma J.
Leilingwell. Mrs. Annie F. Case, Mrs. A. G.
Stewart, Mrs. Dan Chisholm and the late Laura
Crabtree, a native of New Hampshire and a
pioneer of California, aged 75 years 8 months and
18 days. [Oakland (Cal.) and Boston (Mass.)
papers please copy.J
AS'Frlends and acquaintances are resoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monaay), at Haywards. Alameda County, Cal.,
on the arrival of the 1 o'clock r. _. train from
San Francisco.
GEBHARDT— In this city, May 10, 1896. Freder-
ick, eldest son of the late Teresa and Frederick
Gebbardi, and beloved brother of Mary, Charles
and George Gebhardt. a native or San Frauciaoo,
aged 34 years 5 months and 28 days.
H AMILTON-In this city. May 9, 1896. James I-,
beloved son of the late William and Ann Hamil-
ton aud brother of Thomas K. Hamilton, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 33 years.
BjSj~Frlends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _.. from the par-
lors of the United fndertakers, 21 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Chnrch, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, at 9 a. m. Interment Mouut
Calvary Cemetery.
JKLLI.VGS-In Alameda. May 10, 1898, William,
beloved husband of I. E. Jellings, and father of
Elizabeth. Edward ami William Jelling*, a na-
tive of Wellingham, Cambridge, England, aged
65 years 6 mouths and IV days.
KENNEDY— In this city. May 10, 1896, at the
residence, 1602 Hyde street. Mary, beloved
daughter of Thomas and tbe late Bridget Ken-
nedy, and sister of William J. and the late John.
James F. and Thomas W. Kennedy, a native of
Han Francisco, aged 28 years.
Sy Notice or funeral hereafter.
KNOBLOCH— In this city. May 9, 1898, Jacob,
beloved husband of Barbara Knoblocb, and
father of Charles, Frank and otto Knoblochand
Mrs. Fred Collins, and brother of Christopher
Knobloch, a native of Baden, Germany, aged 68
years.
jtj3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. _.. from his late
residence, Missouri street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, Potrero. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
KCPFER— In this city. May 9, 1896, GenevieTe
Kupier. beloved mother of Martin Kupfer, Mrs.
Catherine Etienue, Mrs. Marie Maden. Mrs. Fran-
colse Bruner, Mrs. Angehe Gu Ilium, and moth-
er-in-law of V. Etienne. Mrs. Martin Knpfer, E.
Maden, Albert Bruner and Ph. Guillium. a na-
tive of Alsace, aged 71 years and 9 months.
flVFrieiuls and acquaintances are resoec'v
fnliy Invited to attend tbe funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. Gulllinm, 402 Pacific
street, northwest corner of Pacific and Sansome.
interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LAPOUBLE— In this city, May 9, 1896. Daniel
Lapouble, oelored husband of Mrs. Marie La-
pouble, and father of Mathlldi*. Ernest and Mat-
tie Lapoub'.e, a native of France, aged 38 years
4 months and 26 days.
tif Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock p. it., from his late
residence. Hayes Pars Laundry, 514 miles on
Mission road, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, Seventh
and Market streets, underthe auspices of Franco-
American Lodge No. 207, 1. O. O. F. interment
I. Ul O. F. Cemeierr.
LARKIN— In this city, May 9, 1896, George 8.,
beloved husband of Johanna Larkin, and father
of John J. i arkin, a native of Providence, R. L,
aged 68 years and 1 day.
_j7~Frienas and acquaintances ar* reio»K-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tue«dav),at 8:30 o'clock a. _.. from his late resi-
dence, 1124 Howard street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, where a requiem high ma«s
will be celebrated for the repo»eof his soul, com-
mencing at 6a. x. Interment in Mount Calvary
Cemetery, Please omit flowers.
MAHONEY— In San Jose, May 9, 1896, Mrs.
Elizabeth Mahoney, wife of the late Edward
Mahoney, beloved mother of John F.. Eugene
and tdward Mahomy, Mrs. William J. Ford
aud Mrs. E. R. Moiliti, a native of Ireland, aged
64 years.
jJ3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock _ _ , from her late resi-
dence, 8121-z Halght street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solrnin requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing Xt 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'SHEA-In tnis city. May 10, 1896. Thomas,
husband of the late Annie O'Shea. aad father of
Henry and Mary Fentoi and John P. O'Shea,
. a native of County Clare, Ireland, aged 76 years.
PARDONS— In Oakland. May 10. 1896. Edwin
Albert, beloved husband of Bridget Parsons, and
father of James and John Cantons, a native or
Dartmouth, England, aged 70 years and 2
months. .
REILLY— In San Leandro, Alameda County, May
9, 1896, William Thomas Keilly, dearly beloved
husband of Annie Heiliy, an . employe of the
United States Mint for twenty- five years, a na-
tive of New York City, aged 74 years and 9
months. •
REYNOLD?— In this city, May 9, 1896, Clara, be-
loved daughter of Nellie and the late Daniel
Reynold*, sister of Charles, Annie, Alice, Bay-
mond and Nellie Reynolds, and niece of Mr. and
Mrs. J. Sullivan, a native of San Francisco, aged
15 years 6 months and 13 days. - . '
' JK3*'Friend3 and acquaintances are re.iDect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m.. from the resi-
dence of her mother, 9 Kate street, off Bryant,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence co St. Jos-
eph's Church, where a requiem, high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Crosi
Cemetery. . . .' . ■ . .r • .
RODRIGUEZ— In this city, Dolores Rodriguez,
beloved wife of the late Luis Rodriguez and be-
loved " mother of . Louise. Elvira, Alexander,
Louis Rodriguez and < Mrs. J. Alvarez, and
daughter of Mrs. M. Carrion, a native of ."an
Francisco, aged 41 years 8 months and 22 days.
. Friends and acquaintances am respect-
fully Invited to a- tend the funeral THIS DAY .
(Monday 1, at 2:80 r. _ from her late residence,
1403 Kenrny street, near Union. Interment
' Italian Cemetery. .
SATTEB— In this city, May 10. 1896. Adam Pat-
ter, beloved brother of Peter Hatter of Olney. Or., '
and Josephine Kindel of Forest Grove, Or., and
uncle of Mary Batter and Mrs. Francis schmltt
, of San Francisco, a native of Klangerauensted,
Bhelnpbalz, Bavaria, Germany, aged 56 years 10
months and 5 days.
SHERIDAN— In tnls city, May 10, 1836.' Mary
Cecelia, dearly beloved wife of Eugene Mherldan,
daughter of Mr. and, Mrs. " D. Kelly, . stater of
. Sis or M. Angellne, Notre Dame Convent, San
Jose, and Dennisi Myles, William. Frank, Mag-
gie and Belle Kelley, ■ a native of - Columbia,
- Tuo'umne County, Cal., aged 23 years 10 months
and 6 days. , . -
ft3~ Friends ana acquaintances are rssbest-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _ from her late
residence, 2625 Folsom street, thence to St.
Peter's Cnurch, Alabama street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be j celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. v.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BILVA— in the City and County Hospital, May
10, 1896, Antone Silva, aged 63 years. •
BTKELE— In this city. May 10. 1896. Samuel J.,
beloved husband of Julia Ateele, a native of Bos-
ton, Mass.. axed 46 years 1 month and 7 days.
TOLAND— In this city. May 9. 1896, John, be-
loved brother of Charles Toland, a native of Ire-
land, aged 58 years. ■ -.
«_-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. ' _.. from the par-
lors of Me Avoy A Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. .
THOMAS— In this city. May 10, 18»6. Charles W.
Thomas, beloved husband of Catherina Thomas,
father of Ethel and Violet Thomas, son of George
Thomas, and brother of Samuel, George, Arthur
and Francis Thomas and Mrs. Fanny nation,
a native of England, aged til years.
WHITWORTH— In this cltv. May 10, 1893,
Florence -"Whit worth, beloved daughter of Mrs.
Olive O'Hunter, and mother of Lannes Hunter,
and sister of J. C. Hunter, a native of Indiana,
aged 47 years. "". . "
JO" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. 11.. from her lace resi-
dence, 511 a Fell street, interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. • ■; ;' ' ; -. '. .■■■'■-'. ;
ZEINKR— In thin city. May 9, 1896, Emma, be-
• loved wife of Wendelin Zelner, and mother of
Herman Zelner, a native of Landshut, Schle-
slen, Germany, aged 46 years 2 months and: 17
days. A member of Walhalla Rebekah Degree
Lodge No. 130, I. O. O. F., and Hchuetzen Damon
Vereln. Detroit (Mich.) and Chicago (III.)
papers please copy.] •..:
jgTFriends and • acquaintances - are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market streets.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ... .^■•%:' j
L 0.0. F. —Members of Walhalla Rebekah Degree
Lodge No. LaO, I. O. O. X., are hereby notified to
• attend . the r funeral of our late sister. Emma
Zelner, at I. O. O. ¥, Hall, TO-MORROW (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock p. it. -. By order of N. G. . ■
. . - \; ;; BETTIK JOOST.
I UNITED '.; UNDERTAKERS* I
EMBALMING PARLORS. '
Everything Requisite for First-clews Funerals .
•-.■■■-- at Reasonable Rates. .
. . Telephone South 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st.
MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIBECTOBS & EMBALM
SO fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Talepiions 3080.
1314
WEAVER WILL
NOT SURRENDER.
Reddy Must Go to Court to
Gain Control of the
Almshouse.
LINES OF RESISTANCE.
Law Contemplates That There
Shall Be Just Cause for
Removal.
H. E. HIGHTON'S CONTENTION.
Acting Mayor C. L. Taylor Holds Gov
ernor Budd Responsible for Debas
ing Politics in the Board.
The aid of the courts will be invoked to
prevent the displacement of Superin
tendent Weaver of the Almshouse. Henry
£. Highton has been engaged as counsel to
present the case to the judicial tribunal
and demand that civil service and local
sovereignty shall receive some considera
tion in the management of public institu
tions in San Francisco.
Mr. Highton was seen yesterday by a re
porter of The Call and asked what form
the court proceedings would assume. He
said that he had not yet given to the sub
ject the attention it would require. It was
very clear to hie mind, however, that Mr.
Weaver could not be lawfully removed
without "just cause." The court might
consider whether just cause could be es
tablished without investigation. In the
proceedings for the removal of Mr.
W eaver there was no investigation of the
facts to determine whether just cause ex
isted for the removal of the superintend
ent. Mr. Weaver had not been allowed
the opportunity to disprove the charges
brought against him. There was no trial
in which he was represented by counsel,
although he demanded investigation.
Again the law requires the vote of four
members to remove, and, while it may be
admitted that Dr. Williamson voted to re
move, it is not admitted that he acknowl
edged the existence on just cause in so
voting.
Mr. Highton has not yet decided
whether Mr. Weaver should snrrender the
office which fie now holds and direct the
proceedings toward the ousting of Reddy,
or to refuse to surrender the position, and
thus force upon the Board of Health the
task of ejecting Mr. Weaver. The latter
course will most likely be adopted. Mr.
Higbton understands that members of the
Civic Federation and other leading citi
zens regard it as essential to the public
welfare that good management of munici
pal institutions should not be sacrificed in
order to carry ont the system of rewarding
the partisan victor with the spoils of
office.
The argument is advanced that the
Almshouse is purely a local institution,
and should be managed and governed ex
clusively by the people who pay the taxes
for the maintenance of the place. The
Board of Health is composed of resident
physicians, but the members are not
elected by the voters of San Francisco,
and neither are they appointed by an
elective local board. They derive their
right to hold office from the Governor of
the State.
It is argued further that some excuse
might have been given for divesting the
local government of the right to manage
the Almshouse when the State was con
tributing money for the support of the
aged and indigent who had found a home
at the Almshouse. The Legislature of
1895, however, repealed the law extending
State aid to the aged ana indigent, and
every county in California is now com
pelled to support its poor without help
from the State.
In some of the interior counties money
is raised to transport paupers to San Fran
cisco, and thus our local taxpayers are ob
liged not only to support our own poor,
but to care for the helpless and indigent
of other localities. It is now proposed as
an additional burden to make the San
Francisco Almshouse support political
pensioners for whom the Governor can
find no place in State institutions.
One of the hottest contests ever waged
in San Francisco was directed by politi
cians against J. M. Keating., whose man
agement of the Almshouse reflected the
highest credit on the City and on himself.
In that contest, which took place nearly
twenty years ago, public sentiment was so
aroused against the wrong which the pcli
tioans were attempting to perpetrate that
the ringleaders of the movement to dis
place Keating could not face the storm of
public resentment.
A well-known citizen in recalling the
fight to oust Mr. Keating said yesterday:
"This is local history repeating itself.
Here is Mr. Weaver's place, and the poli
ticians want it. He has proved beyond
doubt that he is a capable and honest su
perintendent. The Grand Jury made a
special and thorough examination of the
institution and reported the facts to the
Board of Health. No definite charges are
made against Mr. Weaver. It is said in a
general way that harmony cannot exist if
be is maintained in place. It is high time
now that the people should take the man
agement of the institution out of the
bands of the Board of Health, and not
NEW TO-DAY.
SCRATCH
AND
SCREAM
My baby broke out with a rash. He woaM
•oratch and scream. It would take two to bold
him, and one to put medicine on him. We had
to hold him sometimes an hour before we could
gel him quieted down. All said that they never
■aw such n face or body on any baby aa on him.
I had to tie his bands tight tn a cloth, night and
day, for five months. My sister bnd up ed C'OTI-
CUKA, and I began to use it. Afttr only one
application, he lay down and tlrpi as be bad not
for a month, poor little fellow. He has sot a tear
on him now, and is as fair and his flesh is as soft
as any baby While he had this disease I bad to
cut the ilm-vee out of his clothes, and pnt gauze
underwear on him to keep him coo!. I had to
keep piece* of soft cloth around his neck, tt was
ao wet with moisture from the sores, and I had to
change the cloths sometimes ten or twelve times
a day. Mrs. A. HAYNEB, Lisbon, N. D.
"rsEDT Cm« Tkkatmsnt fob Babt Bnion.-
Warra btthi with Citicbra Soap, tnd gentle tppllet-
tiom of Cdticuba (ointment), the ptil tkla cur*.
Sold throughout the world. Potth Dauo ABB
Cam. Coir., Bois Props, Btfton, V. S. A.
The Vulcan Iron Works as They Appeared After the Destructive Hre. To the
Right a Heap of Crumbling Bricks and Sections of Bulging Walls Are All
That Remain of the Mining-Machine Department. The Reliance Iron Works'
Front Was Damaged but Slightly.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
allow a dollar of public money to be ex
pended for the Almshouse until the right
of the City to govern the institution is
recognized. Yes, it is right to appeal to
the courts. Judicial notice may be taken
of the repeal of the law giving State aid to
the aged and inaigent.
The court may follow the line of recent
decisions tending to the recognition of
civil service principles. The right of local
government, which the constitution recog
nizes so distinctly, may in this case re
ceive from the courts the interpretation
which the framers of the constitution in
tended that it should have. When it is
plain to the people that a scheme has been
concocted to violate the spirit of the law
by tricks and cunning devices the courts
should be appealed to for the protection of
taxpayers. If the law be interpreted to
mean that the Board of Health appointed
by the Governor can remove from office
without cause a capable superintendent,
who derives compensation from the
City for superintending an institution
wholly sustained by the taxpayers of the
City, then the first act of the incoming
Legislature should be the repeal of the law.
Supervisor C. L. Taylor, Acting Mayor,
was seen at his residence last evening. • He
is very earnest in his views that Governor
Budd ts directly responsible for the de
plorable controversy concerning the man
agement of the Almshouse.
Mr. Taylor said : "The law places the
management of the hospital and Aims
house in the Board of Health, but requires
the Board of Supervisory to pay the bills.
The City bears the whole burden of sup
porting the institutions. Formerly State
aid to the extent of $40,000 was received,
but the Legislature at its last session re
pealed the law under which the Stale
granted such support.
"No, I cannot see that the Board of Su
pervisors could refuse to audit the bills,
even if the Board of Health should con
tinue to put in places persons notoriously
unlit and wholly incompetent for service.
Should there be a contention in the courts
as to whether Weaver or Reddy was su
perintendent the Finance Committee would
not allow the salary of either while the
litigation was pending.
"It may be necessary to repeal the law
conferring upon the Board of Health the
right to appoint the superintendents and
subordinates of the hospital and Aims
house. The Governor would probably
veto any law which would deprive his
creatures of places, but I trust the Repub
licans will have a majority in the Legisla
ture sufficient to pass such a measure over
the veto of the executive.
"Governor Budd ie responsible for this
debasement of the public service," con
tinued Mr. Taylor. "He has told the
members of the Board of Health that they
must appoint this man and tbnt man. I
am informed by a man who knows all
about Reddy, that he (Reddy) lacks the
experience and executive ability necessary
to govern the Almshouse. The man that
the Governor had appointed head cook at
the Almshouse was dismissed from the
police force for cause. Afterward he kept
a saloon on Valencia street that could not
be tolerated.
"I read the testimony in the case against
Weaver and it is not of a character to jus
tify one in voting for his removal. Besides,
the superintendent had no opportunity to
submit testimony in his own. behalf.
There wai not under the law 'just cause'
for his removal and I hope the courts will
protect the taxpayers from debasing poli
tics, even if the Governor does give coun
tenance to such debasement. I speak with
a knowledge of facts, and had the Board
of Health asked me for the names of no
toriously unfit subordinates I could have
given names and the record."
FIRED AT THE STEWARD.
.A Row on Board the Ship Falls of Hal-
ladale Ends in uore!
A row on board the British ship Falls of
Haliadale between Fred Brooks, the third
mate, ana the the steward, Herman de
Leur, resulted in the mate firing two shots
at his antagonist, but, fortunately, none
of them took effect. De Leur, in his haste
to escape from pending danger, fell against
Home sharp instrument, which inflicted a
severe scalp wound on the back of his
bead, and possibly produced a fracture of
the skull.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital
by the police, where his injuries were at
tended to. He gave a disconnected ac
count of the trouble by saying that the
Yankee mate, who had shipped in this
port, bad been guying him for the last two
weeks, and when he went to his cabin to
ask him if he wanted his tea be fired two
shots out of a pistol at him, and in his
haste to escape he fell.
Here be declined to furnish any further
information for the "blawited' 1 news
papers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 11, 1896.
MACHINE SHOPS
FALL IN FLAMES
Vulcan Iron Works a Mass
of Ashes and Black
Debris.
COME BEFORE THE DAWN
Fierce Flames Engulf Three
Buildings and Leave Ruin
Behind.
RELIANCE WOBXS ARE GUTTED.
Brick Fire Walls Prevent a Serious
Conflagration in the Foundry
District.
The Vulcan Iron Works on Fremont
street, between Mission and Howard, were
destroyed by fire early yesterday morn
ing, and the Reliance Machine Works ad
joining was partially ruined by lire and
water. Brick walls on three sides of the
fire prevented a disastrous conflagration.
As it was damage to the extent of nearly
$200,000 was done.
The watchman in the Vulcan works dis
covered flames near the boilers about 3
o'clock in the morning. He sounded an
alarm from box 52, at Mission and Fre
mont Btreets. Engine 4 on Second street
was on the way at that time, its foreman
having seen the flames. Before water
could be got upon the building it was al
moit completely enveloped in dense smoke
and blazes. A second alarm was promptly
given, but hardly had the support arrived
before a third bell was sounded to call up
all the reserve strength Of the Fire De
partment. Casks of oil exploded and
added fresh fury to the flames and a boiler
burst with tarrific noise. The proximity
of the gas works made it dangerous for
the firemen, but they held their ground.
All efforts were bent upon confining the
hre witin the walls surrounding the Vul
can foundry. It happened, however, that
the brick wall dividing the Reliance works
Harrison D. Barrett, President of the National Spiritualist Association of America
[From a photograph.)
from the burning buildiug was not high
enough to afford complete protection, for
flames leaped through the roof and caught
the Reliance building. Presently the two
large works were blazine furiously.
The water tower was Introduced oppor
tunely with four streams combined and it
did good work until two more streams
were added. It seems the men handling
the tower were not aware of this and the
result was startling. The big tower re
coiled and fell backward against Garratt's
bra9s foundry, smashine its upper works so
that it was rendered unfit for further use.
Water was poured into the fire from doz
ens of engines so copiously that what had
threatened to be a conflagration was kept
in a .comparatively small area.
A Iwo-story brick building, which was
part of the Vulcan works, tottered in the
flames and fell with a prodigious crash.
The front wall fell outward and the roof
and second floor, the latter weighted with
ponderous mining machinery, went down
in a shower of sparks. This was about 4
o'clock, and half an hour later the flames
caught the Reliance works, while cor
nices and bits of wood were flying through
the air. The firemen attacked the flames
in this ground and succeeded in keeping
them back, but it was not till after 5
o'clock that the fire wa3 under control.
A mass of machinery and burned and
charred timbers, seen through the remains
of wooden walls, was all that remained
yesterday of the Vulcan works. These
works were originally the Savage foundry
and now belong to Messrs. Eyre and Gra
ham. The loss to the owners was esti
mated at about |60,000. The insurance
was $31,500. How much the ramshackle
old three-story frame building and the
two-story brick one adjoining were worth
was difficult to estimate, as they were vir
tually long past their day of usefulness.
The latter is a heap of bricks and debris,
while the former could only present a
badly battered front yesterday with its in
terior gutted and tilled with a great mass
of wreckage. Luckily for the owners the
office was not badly damaged and the
books escaped injury. The insurance was
placed by Brown & Eyre in several com
panies on the plant.
In the Reliance works of Clot & Meese
at 121) and 131 Fremont street, the tire pa
trol saved the insurance companies a
handsome sum by covering the valuable
machinery on the floors with water-proof
sheets. This work was performed even
while the tire raged in the third story.
The patrolmen tied their covers like so
many haramocKs, from wall to wall, with
the result that all surplus water was di
verted into harmless channels. The build
ing was an old three-story frame struct
ure, and in all probability will have to be
replaced with a modern brick factory.
The top story was used as a pattern-shop
and a storehouse for wooden pulleys. All
this expensive etock, with the patterns
and pattern-making' machinery, was de
stroyed. In the next floor were numerous
iron pulleys and machines, but they es
caped almost wholly, having been covered
by rubber sheets.
The ground iloor escaped except in odd
places, where water rusted shaftings and a
few machines. These were given a liberal
coat of oil yesterday and saved thereby.
Mr. Meese stated that i c carried an in
surance of $25,000, in several companies,
and believed that that sum fully covered
his loss. He was pleased that his works
escaped so well. But for the brick parti
tion wall, he said, the whole place would
have been blotted out. It was the firm's
first fire and they were in business there
for thirteen years. There had been other
fires, however, in the place next door.
SPIRITUALISTS
WILL COMBINE
Seven Local Incorporated
Societies to Hold a
Convention.
H. D. BARRETT IS COMING
President of the National Asso
ciation Will Act as
Organizer.
GREAT PROGRESS OF THE CULT.
As a Result of the Meeting in This
City There May Be a Spirit
ualist Church.
The spiritualists of San Francisco will
hold a convention in this City on May 24,
25 and 26, on which occasion Harrison D .
Barrett of Washington, D. C, president of
the National Spiritualist Association of
America, will take a leading part. Ar
rangements for the convention were prac
tically completed yesterday morning,
when Mrs. J. J. Whitney, the local me
dium, received a telegram from Mr. Bar
rett, announcing his purpose of visiting
the Pacific Coast and participating in this
first general council of spiritualists here.
The convention promises to be the most
important event in the history of Pacific
Coast spiritualism. It will be the first to
be held in this part of America, and is in
tended as the beginning of a movement
uniting all scattered spiritualist societies
with the National organization.
A meeting was held Saturday night at
218 Stockton street, at which the president
of every spiritualistic society in San Fran-
Cisco was present. It was then that the
date was fixed and a programme outlined.
There are to be three sessions Sunday,
May 24, in Golden Gate Hall, and sessions
in Metropolitan Temple on the Monday
and Tuesday following. Monday evening
a grand phenomenal demonstration will
be held in the temple. Jones Slater of
Brooklyn and Mrs. Whitney of San Fran
cisco, test mediums, and Fred Evans and
Mrs. Francis of Ban Francisco, slate
writers, will appear among other mediums
and lights of their cult in the demonstra
tions. The Sunday's session will be con
fined to services, as business matters are to
be considered only at the week-day ses
sions.
It may be that as a result of this con
vention the spiritualists will build a church
or hall in San Francisco. The Progressive
Spiritualist Society of this City has prop
erty valued at |50,000, bequeathed by Mrs.
Eunice Sleeper for the object of establish
ing a meeting place and supporting the
society. This money, with|more to be col
lected, may be soon used in building a
headquarten.
Invitations have been issued to spirit
ualists in all parts of the State to be pres
ent and participate in the convention, and
it is believed by the local leaders that a
laree number of persons from the country
will attend. They will be entertained at
the demonstrations and will hear speeches
on the philosophy of spiritualism and
papers on that subject in all its phases.
There are seven incorporated spiritu
alist societies in San Francisco. The old
est of these is the Progressive Spiritualist
Society, which was established twelve
years ago. It has about seventy members.
Professor Clegg Wright, its present
speaker, has been with the society for five
months. It meets in Golden Gate Hall.
The next oldest is the Independent Bible
Spiritualist Society, which holds two ses
sions Sundays in Pythian Castle. It was
organized seven years ago and is now pre
sided over by Dr. C. Rinn-es.
The Progressive Mediums' Society was
incorporated five years ago. It meets
Thursday evenings at 110 Hayes street with
George I. Drew in the chair.
The First Spiritualist Church meets Sun
days at Sixth and Market streets. Mrs. H.
Fleming is its president.
Every Wednesday night the People's
Spiritual Society meets at Scottish Hall,
111 Larkin street, with Mrs. May Drynan
presiding. The Ladies' Aid Society, Mrs.
D. M. Peace president, has its headquarters
at 110 Hayes street, where it meets
Wednesday afternoons and does works of
charity. The Mediums' Protective Asso
ciation was organized within the past
year. Its president is W. T. Jones and its
meeting place 110 Hayes street, Sunday
evenings.
Of these the People's Spiritual Society
is incorporated under the laws of Wash
ington, D. C, and affiliated with the Na
tional organization. The remaining six
are incorporated under the laws of Cali
fornia. President Barrett will endeavor
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
BLACK
French
DRESS
GOODS !
FIVE SPECIAL BARGAINS
ONE CASE
BLACK FRESCO ARMURES, 48 inches wide,
assorted patterns - - - - $1.25 Yard
ONE CASE
BLACK REICH MOHAIR AND WOOL FAS-
CIES, 20 different designs - - $1.00 Yard
ONE CASE
BLACK FRENCH WOOL FANCIES (elegant
designs) 75 C y ar d
TWO CASES
BLACK FRENCH SERGE, 4$ inches wide
50c Yard
TWO CASES
BLACK FRENCH DIAGONAL (wide wale),
45 inches wide ------ 50c Yard
We will also exhibit this week an ele-
gant line of NEW BLACK FRENCH CRE-
PONS, prices $1.00 to $4.00 per yard.
Samples Forwarded to Any Address.
! TBIjXSPHiOINrXI 3VE.A.I3XT 5777. '■
111. 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
to extend the National body in California
by inducing them to federate with it.
"That he will be entirely successful goes
without saying, since the local societies
are eager to affiliate with the National
body," a prominent Spiritualist remarked
yesterday. "Indeed, the presidents of our
societies conferred upon this subject and
agreed that an invitation be sent Sir. Bar
rett to come out here for this very pur
pose. Then we shall have a church and
spiritualism will boom."
The National Convention is held annu
ally in Washington, D. C. The first one
was held in Chicago during the Columbian
Exposition, about the time of the Parlia
ment of Religions. On September 27 the
first convention sat. Delegates from
almost every State in the Union were
present, and permanent organization was
effected next day. At the same time a
declaration of principles was adopted in
the form of a resolution to the effect that
"on the facts underlying the philosophy
of spiritualism we ask each society to con
struct a code of ethics commensurate with
its intellectual requirements, and adopt
such forms and ceremonies as the circum
stances and their needs require."
The contention by an almost unanimous
vote determined that spiritualism was to
spiritualists a religion. The national asso
ciation was established, and H. D. Barrett
of New York elected president. He was
re-elected in 1894 and again in 1895 at
Washington.
The Banner of Light, an Eastern spirit
ualist paper, says of him: "The president,
H. D. Barrett, is a young man, but he has
been an earnest spiritualist for more than
fifteen years. He is a native of Maine and
a graduate of the Unitarian Theological
School of Meadville. Pa. Although edu
cated for the ministry he did not forget
spiritualism, and finding that he was not
able to reconcile it and the tenets of the
Unitarian church he resumed his profes
sion of teaching. President Barrett has a
world-wide reputation as the efficient
chairman of Cassadaga Camp, which posi
tion he has filled for the past seven years,
and it w*s due to this fact that he was
elected chairman of the Chicago conven
tion. As a writer he is well known, many
trenchant articles appearing from his pen
in the columns of the spiritualist papers. I
As a speaker he is eloquent and possessed
of wonderful power."
His visit here is hailed with delight by
local spiritualists, who are preparing to
gather round him in the movement for a
solid, united organization.
Professor Watson to Lecture.
Professor John Watson, LL.D., professor of
moral philosophy in the unlversilty of Queen's
College, Kingston, Ont., author of "Kant and
His English Critics" and more recently "Comte,
Mill and Spencer," which latter work is used
as a textbook in the University of California,
will address the Presbyterian Ministerial
Union this morning at 10:30 o'clock at the
Presbyterian Mission-House, 920 Sacramento
street. Professor Howison, professor of philos
ophy of the University of California, will also
address the union. Professor Watson is a mem
ber of the Presbyterian church, and is here
delivering the course of philosophical lectures
at the university. Rev. K. R. Farrand, chair
man of the executive committee of the Presby
terian Union, in behalf of the union extends" a
cordial invitation to the ministers of other de
nominations to meet Tith the union and listen
to the distinguished visitors. Laymen are also
invited. _
London society has developed a new
craze— midnight cycling excursions into
the city. ____________
TVhen Baby was sick, wo gave her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
— Tuesday — Wednesday
Beer-
■ Bottled in white glass especially
for us by Anheuser-Busch Brewing
' Association, St. Louis
Extra Pale regularly qts % 2 75
special .........-....-......5190
Extra Pale regularly pts $1 50
5pecia1..:....,. ..;.$! 25
i Exquisite reg qts $2 75 special $2 25
Exquisite reg pts $1 75 special $1 50
, The best Eastern beer.
Maraschino —
V Bottled by Girolamo Luxardo,
Zara, Hungary. It is the original
genuine article, imitations of which
have been made in many countries.
Used as a pousse cafe, after-amner
liqueur and as flavoring for ices,
Roman punch, etc.
regularly $1 65 .......... bottle $1 20
... _..■ ■
Finnan Haddies . . .;. tin 15c
regularly 25c ~ - ■"? V.
A superior brand.
Deviled Ham .. .... tin 20c
Underwood's, regularly 25c ♦
Lenti15. ... ...... .3 lbs 25c
regularly 2 lbs 25c
Imported from Germany. ,
Butter .• • • •:• . 30c and 25c
Catalogue free.
Mail orders a specialty.
& Their compliments and an | in- Cr
fl vitation of inspection is ex- cfc.
v) tended to the people of San J]
Y^ ; Francisco by the . . ... ...'.' C/
Waterbury Watch
1 ope-.no Company
MAY 14 * J
fr MILLS dUILDINO,
choice designs and novelties in y
J\ i Watches for ladies, men and'^
q children. Special bargains for y
IT- the ladies during the week &
ending May 23 (K.