VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 91.
SENATORS READY
TO FREE CUBA
Adoption of the Resolution
From the Foreign Affairs
Committee.
CRUELTIES MUST CEASE.
i
Spain's Tyrannical Rule Over
the Island Denounced in
Telling Style.
CHAMPIONED BY SHERMAN.
Friendly Offices of the United States
to Be Offered for the Indepen
dence of Patriots.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.-By a,
voteof'b'4to 6 the Senate of the United
Slates put on record to-day its views and
policy in relation to the existing revolu
tion in Cuba. I'd to the hour of 4 o'clock
tne debate went on, the Senators vicing
with each other in praise of the Cuban
patriots ;md in denunciation of Captain-
General Weylcr. Senator Sherman char
acterized him rather as a demon than as a
general. The cruelties of Pizarre and
Cortez in Mexico and Peru and of the Duke
of Alba in the Netherlands were not over
looked, and there ran through the debate
a hardly concealed contempt for the power
of Spain.
The debate closed at 4 p. m., and then
the voting began. Various amendments
were voted down or laid on the table by
large majorities, and finally came the reso
lution of the Commiltee on Foreign Rela
tions as amended by the addition to it of
Senator Cameron's resolution for the rec
ognition of Cuban independence.
These terms of the concurrent resolu
tion ar* that in the opinion of Coneress a
condition of war exists between the Gov
ernment of Spain and the government
proclaimed and maintained by force of
arms by the people of Cuba; that the
United States should maintain a strict
neutrality between the contending powers,
according to each of them all the rights of
belligerents in the ports and territory of
the United States, and that the friendly
offices of the United States should be
offered by the President to the Spanish
iiovernment fo recognition of the in
ience of Ouba.
lhe six Senators who voted against the
resolution were: Caftery (P.) of Louisiana,
CMlton <D.)of Texas, George (P.) of Miss
i>sippi. Hale (R.) of Maine, Morrill (R.)
of Vermont and Wetmore (R.) of Rhode
Ir-land.
When the vote on the resolution was an
nounced there was no demonstration
indulged' in by the <zalleries, which w*re
«.rerllowlng all day, but quickly emptied,
find soon after the Senate adjourned until
Monday.
On motion of Sherman of Ohio, the
business of the morning hour was dis
pensed with and the resolution for the
recognition of Cuban belligerency was
taken up, and Lindsay (D.) of Kentucky
addressed the Senate. He did not tuink
that in the present emergency the subject
ought to be controlled In sny way by the
jast conduct of Spain to the United States.
It was in one sense a question of hu
manity. War was being carried on at the
very doors of the United States between
tLe people of Cuba and the Spanish Gov
ernment, and it would result either in the
independence of Cuba or in the utter de
struction of her people. Expressions of
sympathy would avail nothing to the
Cuban insurrectionists. If the United
States intended to take any step to bring
about a condition of affairs in Cuba differ
ent from that which had existed during
the last seventy years that step should be
in the direction of the ultimate independ
ence of Cuba.
It micht be true— it was true— that af
fairs had not yet reached a point that
■would justify the United States in ac
knowledging the independence of Cuba.
There was a state of things in Cuba that
•would justify the Government of the
United States in considering a proposition
for active interference in the struggle, for
the reason that it seemed highiy probable
that without snch interference, either
jmblic order could never be restored in
Cuba, or could only be restored after such
suffering by numanity and such injusticp
to surrounding States as would obviously
overbalance the general evil of all interfer
ence from without. But the pending
resolution proposed no such active inter
ference. The United States had become
Eponsor to the world seventy years ago
that Spain should continue to dominate
tbe island of Cuba, and could not escape
the responsibility of raying to Spain that
the must treat the island with some kind
of justice. iSpain owed to Cuba a3 muoh
as Turkey owed to Armenia, as much as
the United States owes to Venezuela.
li Spain did not pay the obligations
resting on her, and if her necessities pre
vented her doing so, thpn the time had
((.me for steps to be initiated.. and they
could be properly initiated only by the
Government of the United States. Over
tures should be mide to Spain for the «ale
of the islands to the Cubans, the United
Unites to guarantee the payment of the
Him to be agreed upon.
Sherman (K.) o' Ohio, Chairman of the
< oniinittee on Foreign Relations, ad
unused the Senate in advocacy of the
resolution reported from that committee.
He said that he did not disguise from him
telf the danger and possibility of hostile
movements following the action of Con
gress. Spain was a sensitive, proud and
gallant nation and would not submit to
what eke considered an injustice. At the
Bame time his convictions were strong —
made stronger every day— that the con
ri.U'in of affairs in Cuba was such that the
intervention of the United States must be
given sooner or later to put an end to
crimes almost beyond description.
He qyotcd from a ramphlet, written, he
eaia, m a temperate style, to snow what
The San Francisco Call.
the Cubans had done in the way of
establishing a Government and carrying
on the war, and containing an order of
General Maximo Gomez as to the humane
treatment of prisoners that might fall into
the hands of the insurgents; and yet, he
said, this man Gomez had been denounced
as a murderer and barbarous criminal, like
the one he would speak of after a while,
Captain-General "Weyler.
Speaking of the last ten years' war in
Cuba, Sherman said it cost $700,000,000 to
Spain, and had only ceased when fair and
iiberal terms were made with the Cubans
by 'General Campos, the greatest general
whom Spain had produced in later years.
Hut Spain had failed to keep her agree
ment, having violated it, and the conse
quence was that, in a few years afterward.
ail the Cubans took up arms again.
Sherman alluded to the historical cruel
ties exercised by Spain and her mi/itary
commanders, by Pizarro and Cortez in
Mexico and Peru, and by the Duke of Alba
i:i The Netherlands. Speaking of the
rebel general, Gomez.. Sherman said lie
was a man of standing and character —
probably an idealist. But he ought to be
and would probably soon be considered a
patriot. He referred to General Grant' 3
sympathy during his Presidency and to
the fact that tie himself bad introduced a
resolution in the Senate on the subject,
luit owing to the opposition of Hamilton
li-!i (then Secretary of State) the matter
«ras dropped. He went on to say that he
was not in favor of the annexation oj Cuba
to the United States. In his judgment
Cuba snould be attached to Mexico, be
cause Cubans and Mexicans spoke the
same language, had the same origin, the
antecedents and many of the same
characteristics.
Sherman sent to the clerk's desk and
bad rea.l extracts from a Spanish book,
printed in a New York newspaper, recit
ing horrible cruelties charged against
Weyler, some of the incidents being so
bad that he directed the clerk to omit
them. He spoke of these deeds as barbar
ous atrocities and as inhuman cruelties,
and said that Weyler was a demon rather
than a general. He denounced the idea of
putting such a man In command of 100,00)
troops, to ride roughshod, kill and
slaughter a feeble body of people; and he
declared (in the most solemn terms) that
if this kind of policy is pursued by Spain
in Cuba and if the people of the United
States be notified of it there is no earthly
power that will prevent the people of the
United States from going over to that
island, running all over its length and
breadth, and driving out those robbers and
imitators of the worst men that ever lived
in the world. [Applause from crowds in
the gallery.]
"If," Sherman continued, '"Weylcr car
ries out his projected plan, there is not a
country on this hemisphere that will not
contribute to put an end to this violence.
It has lasted long enough. The Cuban
people ought to be allowed in their own
way to form their own government and to
be as free as we are. Every Christian man
or woman who believes in the civiliza
tion of this ace — every one in this broad
land— hates tyranny and oppression,
vybether it comes from a governor or a ty
rant. We are opposed to cruelty. ' We do
not wish an Armenia near our shores. We
will not shield ourselves behind the posi
tion taken by Great Britain that Armenia
is too far away and that she could not pre
vent Armenians from being murdered.
That was no doubt a true position for
England to take. It would be difficult for
England to interfere. But this island lies
right at our shores; a few hours will carry
us across to Havana. A beautiful island
it is, too— rich in products, the best sugar
land in the world, with a peopLe of agentle
and kindly race, not disposed to warfare
except to resist tyranny and oppression.
"Whatever," Sherman concluded, "may
be the result of the, adoption of this meas
ure I desire to take my share of responsi
bility for it, and with a confidence in the
judgment of the Almighty Ruler of the
Universe I believe it will be wise if we can
assist and if ail the other nations of Amer
ica will concur in eiving to the people of
Cuba the same liberties we now enjoy.
[Applause.]
Gallinger (R.) of New Hampshire spoke
in favor of the resolution. He would give
Spain to understand that the same love of
liberty which burned so brightly on the
battle-fields of the American Revolution
were etill in the hearts of the American
people.
Frye (R.) of Maine said he would do, or
say, or vote anything consistent with the
honor or integrity of the United States to
assist the Cuban patriots to wrest liberty
from the grasp of a cruel and relentless
despotism.
Caffery (D.) of Louisiana said the United
.States had no right to violate any one of
the principles of international law." Con-
press had no power to make a recognition
of Cuban belligerency or : independence,
and if it had the power, the facts did not
justify such recognition.
Lodge (K.) of Massachusetts spoke in
favor of taking the most advanced posi
tion toward helping the Cuban cause. He
read a portion of the last proclamation of
Captain-General Weyler j»nd said that
proclamation seemed to justify any action
that Congress might take.
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska took issue
with the position assumed by Gray (D.) of
Delaware, and contended that the power
of recognizing belligerency or independ
ence rested in Congress, not in the Chief
Executive. He declared himself in favor
of a resolution recognizing not only bel
ligerent rights, but complete independ
ence, and he would invite the President to
issue a proclamation to that effect and to
admit to diplomatic circles the represen
tative of the Reuublic of Cuba on terms of
exact equality with the representative of
the Spanish Government. He character
ized Spain as the outlaw of nations and
not entitled to the respect, confidence or
esteem of the liberty loving American
people.
"I would not only," he continued, "rec
ognize Cuban belligerency, but I would es
tablish Cuba as ono of the nations of the
earth, and, if n^-ed be, I would muster
every man in the United States and every
war vessel necessary to the accomplish
ment of the task, and I would erect on the
ashes and ruin of Spanish control in that
island- a republic modeled after our own
institutions."
Hill (D.) of New York suggested some
modifications of the amendment hereto
fore offered by White (D.) of California,
and White accepted the suggestion and
moditied his amendment accordingly.
Gray (D.) of Delaware stated that since
the debate began the Committee on For
eign Relations had gone over the whole
matter and had agreed unanimously to add
to the committee resolution the amend
meut ottered by Cameron ill J of Penn;»yl
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 29, 1896.
vania recognizing the independence of
Cub 3.
At 4 o'clock Cameron offered his amend
ment to the committee resolution, request
ing the President to interpose his friendly
offices with the Spanish Government for
the recognition of tne independence of
Cuba.
Sherman, on behalf of the committee,
accepted tne amendment, and the resolu
tion as passed is as follows:
Kccolved, By the Senate (the House of Repre
sentatives concurring) that in the opinion of
Congress a condition of public war exists be
tween the Government of Spain and the gov
ernment proclaimed and for some time main
tained by force of arms by the people of Cuba,
and that the United States of America should
maintain a strict neutrality between the con
tending.powers, according: to each the rights
of belligerents in the ports and territory of the
United States.
Resolved, Further, that the friendly offices of
the United States should be offered by the
"President to the Spanish Government for the
recognition of the independence of Cuba.
Sherman moved to lay the substitute of
White (leaving the whole matter to the
President) on the table, and it was agreed
to by a vote of 57 to 12.
The vote was then taken on Allen's
amendment requesting the President to
recognize the republic of Cuba and extend
all rights and privileges to the Minister
from that republic.
Sherman moved to lay this on the table^
and it was agreed to by a Vot« of 52 to 17.
The concurrent resolution of the Com
mi:tee on Foreign Relations with Cam
eron's amendment added to it was then
voted on — Sherman calling for the ayes
and noes. A division of the question was
desired by Morrill (R.) of Vermont, but
the Vice- President decided that it was not
divisible. The vote was then taken and
the result was the adoption of the concur
rent resolution by a vote of 64 to 6, as fol
lows:
Ayes — Allen, Allison, Bacon, Baker,
Bate, Berry, Brown, Burrows, Butler, Call,
Cameron, Cannon, Carter, Chandler, Clark,
Cockrell, Cullom, Daniel, Davis, Dubois,
Elkins, Faulkner, Frye, Gallinger, Gear,
Gibson, Gorman, Gray, Hawley, Hill, Irby,
Jones of ArKansas, Jones of Nevada, Kyle,
Lindsay, Lodge, Mcßride, McMillan,
Mantle, Martin, Mills, Mitchell of Oregon,
Morean, Nelson, Pasco, Peffer, Perkins,
Pritchard, Proctor, Quay, Roach, Sher
man. Shoup, Smith, Squire. Stewart, Tel
ler, Thurston, Turpie, Vest, Walthali, War
ren, White, Wilson— G4.
Noes — Caffery, Chilton, George, Hale,
Morrili, Wetmore — 6.
No applause or demonstration of any
kind followed the announcement of the
result. On the part of the Senators thero
was undoubtedly a feeling of relief from
the great strain of the last few days, and
on the part of the immense audience there
must have been gratification at the result
of the struggle. More than half of the
spectators immediately left the galleries,
the diplomatic gallery being entirely
emptied of its occupants.
The conference report on the pension
appropriation bill was reported and
agreed to. The House bill relating to the
anchorage and movements of vessels in
St. Marys River, on Lake Huron, was
taken from the calendar and passed. At 5
o'clock the Senate adjourned until Mon
day.
CHEERED IX THE HOUSE.
The Action of the Senate Caused Hearty
Approval.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 22.— The
Cuban resolution did not figure in to-day's
proceedings of the House until just before
the close of the session. Secretary Cox of
the Senate announced to the House the
action of the Senate, and the House gal
leries cheered 1113 statement. The resolu
tions lie on the Speaker's desk, whence
they may be called up at any time. It
was understood this afternoon that Hut
will ask the House to dispose of them next
Monday.
OPPOSED TO KECOGSITIoy.
Cleveland and His Cabinet in an /.Di-
barrassintj Position.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.-A reg
ular meeting of the Cabinet was held to
day. It is understood in official circles
that the resolution with regard to Cuban
recognition before the Senate and the
House were considered with much seri
ousness. It is also the understanding
among the higher officials tliat the ad
ministration is not in favor of the recogni
tion of Cuban belligerency at this time.
It may be 3aid that this is an open secret.
Tne conservative feeling of the President
and his advisers 's said to be the result not
of any lack of sympathy with the insur
gents, but of the knowledge of the embar
rassments that would confront the United
States Government if recognition wexe ac
corded.
It is aJso stated that the President and
the members of his Cabinet are embar
rassed over the possibility of the adoption
Continued on Second i'o—
Collis — I'se got him!
WHY THE BILL
WAS BEATEN.
Kentucky Legislators Not
Free From Corporation
Influences.
MAJOR HAYS' SCHEMES.
On More Than One Occasion He
Has Served the Railroads
Faithfully.
MADE A TBUE PHEDICTION.
So It Came to Pass jAat the People
of California Were Told to Help
Themselves.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 28.— The vote
yesterday settled the question of repealing
Hie Southern Pacific charter, as far as this
Legislature is concerned. Nothing short
of a miracle could accomplish anything
now. and there are members in both
houses who object to miracles.
The shortness of time, tifteen legislative
working days left now, entirely precludes
the practicability of any further effort on
behalf of repeal, and those people who
were consumed with an, inward desire to
know at whose instance Mr. Stieletz in*
troduced that bogus twin bill in the House
will have to be satisfied with "it is not'
necessary to say anything further about
it."
The fight is over and California has lost.
That can't be helped now, but the result
carries a most useful lesson with it, and
unless the Pacific Coait means to give up
in despair they must read it and heed it.
The opportunity presented at this ses
sion for the repeal bill to pass was a golden
one, as has been frequently pointed out in
these dispatches, and will hardly occur
again, but that does not make the pros
pect of a successful light before the next
Legislature entirely hopeless, provided the
proper tactics are pursued.
Senator Goebel undertook the fight in
behalf of the people of California from a
high sense of duty. A few others actuated
by the same motive rallied to his support.
The Senator gave a large amount of time
proportionately to the work, but with the
many other duties preliminary to his posi
tion as Senator and President pro tern. of
the Senate, his connection with several
party and caucus committees his efforts
were, of course, much restrfcted. The
work was too much for him, wheelhorse
as he is.
On the other hand, there was more than
one man who devoted his entire time and
attention to building up an opposition to
the bill. "When Major Hays said the other
day that they would fight the bill from
'eend to eend," and beat it by twenty-five
votes, people were inclined to laugh at
him, but it setms that the major did
"know something" after all, and he «iad a
gobd chance to be well informed on the
subject. He is here in the interests of Mr.
Huntington. No one can see any other
reason for his presence.
From the very first introduction of the
bill he has been untiring in his efforts
against it. Day in and night out be has
interviewed member after member, find
ing out how they stood, presenting his
siue of the case to those with whom he
had any influence, and securing pledges
whenever he could possibly do so in any
way.
He "ate hot soup" with one man and
"cold soup" with another, anything to se
cure their friendly feeling. While he has
stood in the line of his party in the Sena
torial contest and voted always for the
nominee, the issue has been a secondary
consideration with him. He was for de
feating the repeal bill "first, last and all
the time."
And the Senator did not have to fight
the battle alone by any means. There was
the power that he served that was able to
send any number of experienced men to
his side. A larger or more experienced
combination of lobbies has never been seen
in Frankfort; nor one better equipped
with all the necessaries for intimidation
or influence, and this is spoken advisedly.
In the famous fight by the Louisville and
*»asb.Yille Railroad a^rainsUrrantina: a char
ter to the Cincinnati Southern, both par
ties were represented and the "fur" flew.
In the several railroad fights that have oc
curred since, including that against the
Kailroad Commission, and in the effort on
the part of the citizens of Louisville to
prevent the extension of the charter of
their monopoly, the Louisville Gas Com
pany, for fifty years, strong lobbies have
been on the ground, and it is no longer a
matter of denial that large sums of money
changed hands.
Many members left Frankfort with ten
times what their salaries for the season
amounted to.
The fight, it is said, cost the Cincinnati
Southern over $200,000. The Louisville
Gas Company is believed to have ex
pended $150,000 in getting its monopoly
extended. This Legislature is in many
respects superior to its predecessors for
years back, but by their vote yesterday
many members showed that they had
listened to some other voic6 than that of
duty. They did not voice the sentiment
of the people of Kentucky, who, even with
the meager information before them,
would have listened to the appeals of the
people of the Golden West and not
mocked their misery by telling them to
help themselves.
JiOLTJSI> I>U. UVATJER.
Legislators Influenced by T/int Silver
■*....• .. tittttcinent,,. .
FRANKFORT. Ky., . Feb. 28.— The Re
publicans j are in a very bad predicament
as a result of -.the 1 joint ballot to-day. A
large number bolted H Hunter, 1 and it was
all the more disastrous on account of the
prominence of the parties. IVi
| 'When Judge Landes' name was called he
rose and asked to be allowed to explain his
vote. He said Hunter had been nomi
nated by the Republican caucus ; because
they thought he was fur sound money;
that rumors had beun afloat for some time
that Dr. Hunter was for free silver and
this had caused a great deal of uneasiness.
He did. not believe the rumors at hrst, but
since the adjournment of the last joint
assembly it had come to him in such a
shape that he had to withhold his vote from
Hunttr.
■ He felt that he must in all conscientious
ness cast his . vote ; for a man he Knew
was for sound money. He left a paper in
the President's hands so that. any one
could examine it. The paper read as fol
lows:
1 hereby agree that I will favor such legisla
tion and supuort such measures as vill restore
silver to the position it occupied as primary
redemption money prior to 1873, when it was
the standard of values. W. G. Hunter.
The reading of this paper caused a great
stir in the Republican ranks and was the
signal for several speeches, after which the
ballot was taken. It resulted : Hunter 57,
Blackburn 61, Bate 1, Carlisle 3, Evans 1,
Holt 1, Langley 5, Lewis 1, McCreary 2.
The Republicans held a caucus to-night
which lasted over three hours. The cause
of the call of the caucus was the paper
signed by Hunter. Dr. Hunter was pres
ent and said the paper was genuine and
that it was his view of the platform. He
said he was in favor of sound money and
not for free silver.
After Dr. Hunter finished a great many
Republicans made speeches, and a resolu
tion was passed pledging those present to
support Dr. Hunter. Several of the bolt
ers were absent.
WERE NOT DISOBEDIENT
Ballington and Mrs. Booth De
clare That They Did Not
Ignore Instructions.
They Will Soon Decide in Reference
to the Field for Work in
the Future.
MOXT CLAIR, N. J.. Feb. 28.— A rep
resentative of The United Press who
called upon Commander Booth at his
home here has the commander's authority
for saying the following :
Commander Booth is not organizing a
separate Salvation Army. If the comman
der and Mrs. Booth head any movement
it will probably be one of their own forma
tion, as prominent friends have said they
have a large field before them for use
fulness.
It has been said by the commissioners at
present in command that commander and
Mrs. Booth have refused to obey orders.
The commander and Mrs. Booth most
emphatically and persistently deny this.
They have said, as they wrote to the head
quarters of the Salvation Army in London,
that they could not takeanother command
for certain reasons well known to General
Booth, and but for these reasons would
Lave been willing to ha\e gone anywhere.
Moreover, they have not received any
orders beyond their peremptory dismissal.
They are not making any plans for the
future just at present. Indeed, they ex
press themselves as too worn and weary in
body and mind to undertake ihe reflection
of such an important problem. Neither
Commander nor Mrs. Booth have, as has
been alleged, consulted the committee
which was appointed at the mass-meeting
at Carnegie Hall in New York with re
spect to tlieir future work.
It is said that Commander and Mrs.
Booth will make a statement on Saturday
or Monday in reference to the method of
turning over the many properties and re
spective banking accounts of the move
ment to the new commander.
SHOT lii THE FACTORY.
The Secretary of a Corporation Fatally
Wounded by a Desperate Man, Who
Escaped.
JEFFERSON, Wit, Feb. 28-Lew
Smith, secretary and treasurer of the
Wisconsin Manufacturing Company, was
shot and probably fatally wounded by an
unknown man in the company's factory
this eyening. The shooting caused great
excitement among the employes and the
crowd attracted by the shooting pursued
the assailant into the garret of the factory.
Here he held the men at bay for two
hours, tiring several times at those who
came near enough. Finally the desperado
set lire to the factory and in the confusion
escaped. It is supposed he boarded a
freight train for Fort Atkinson and made
his escape. The fire in the factory was
extinguished without much damage.
SUIT AGAINST HENRY VILLARD.
Time Extended in Which He May File An
Answer to the Allegations Made
Against Him.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 28.— The case
of the Northern Pacific and Omaha Rail
way against Henry Villard was upon the
motion calendar in the Tinted States
Circuit Court, Judge Lacombe presiding,
to-day. Counsel on both sides agreed upon
an order extending the time for the de
fendant to put in his answer until March
20, plaintiff to furnish security lor costs
in the sum of $5000.
This is the suit, the details of which have
been fully published, in which the railway
company sues Viliarri for $545,432, which,
it is alleged, he has not accounted for in
connection with ihe sale by him for the
company of first mortgage and Winnipeg
terminal bonds, the property of the
company.
HUSTIXGTOX A t»r WELL.
So Hi* £xatnintttion by Morgan Was
I'oatponrd for a Week.
WASHING! ON, D. C, Feb. 28.— The
Senate Committee on Pacific Railroads ex
pected this morning to have before it Col
lis P. Huntinglon, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, when Senator Mor
gan would continue his examination re
garding statements contained in the re
ports of the Government Pacific Railroad
Coromissior.. Word was received from
Huntington, wua -s in New York, that lie
was not well enough to appear before the
committee to-day, and the examination
was postponed until next Friday.
ZELAYA'S POSITION FIRM
Leaders of the Revolution in
Nicaragua Make Very
Small Progress.
It Is Said, However, That the Rebel
Force Is Increased to Two
Thousand.
COLON, Colombia, Feb. 28.— Advices
from Corinto, Nicaragua, show that the
state of siege in that city continues. Capi
talists are said to be offering loans to the
Government and this is taken as an indi
cation that President Zelaya's position is a
strong one and that he will be able to
promptly quell the revolt.
On the other hand the rebels claim that
these offers of money partake more of the
nature of forced loans than of a voluntary
giving of funds to support the Govern
ment, though they admit that capitalists
may advance money with the idea of secur
ing valuable concessions in return.
The victory of the Government forces at
Nagarote h;is caused many waverers to
give their adhesion to President Zelava.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 28.—The'Her
ald's special cable from Panama says: It
is reported that the rebels ,in Nicaragua
now count surely upon the support of
nearly all the western provinces. The
rebel forces have increased to 2000 men.
It is exnected the insurgents at Leon
will Boon attack the Government forces
at Matearos, one of the principal strategic
positions held by President Zelaya.
The situation is daily growing more
serious. Business is paralyzed and the
gathering of the coffee crop and exporta
tion are hampered, as nearly all the lab
orers on the haciendas have been recruited
into the army.
To Relax Regulations.
LONDON, Exc, Feb. 28.— The Standard
will to-morrow claim to have authority for
the statement that the re-inquiry made by
Germany into the matter of American in
surance companies doing business in Prus
sia will result in a material relaxation of
the regulations that prevented such com
panies Irora writing po!icies in Prussia.
JSXSLOMOX^. ,OF A.f BOILER.
It Caused the Death, of Five Men and
Wrecked a House.
LEWISBURG, W. Va.. Feb. 23.— A
boiler belonging to W. H. Overholt at
Frankfort, Greenbrier County, W. Va., ex
ploded at noon to-day. The machinery
and house are a total wreck. Five men
were killed, and five or six others seriously
injured. The killed: Sam Livesay, Kell
Livesav, Woodson Ransbarger, Clouney
Kershner, Mr. Dunbar, all of this county.
Names of the wounded have not been
learned. Two or three of them it is said
cannot live.
Democrats of Kansas.
TOPEKA, Kans., Feb. 28.— The Demo
cratic State committee decided to-day to
hold the State convention to elect dele
gates to the National Convention at Tope
ka. June 3, and the one to nominate State
officers at Hutchinson, August 4. There
was nothing said in the committee about
the money question.
TRICE FIVE CENTS.
WRECKED NEAR
FT. CANBY LIGHT
The Steamer Point Loma
Driven Ashore in a
Gale.
IS FAST BREAKING UP.
Passengers and Crew Saved by
the Heroic Work of the
Patrol.
GAIN THE BEACH ON A RAFT.
Rescuers Imperil Their Own Lives in
the Breakers— The Vessel a
Total Loss.
ASTORIA, Or., Feb. 28.-The steamer
Point Loma is a total wreck off the Wash
ington coast, a few miles above the Fort
Canby light. That no lives were lost is
due to the heroic efforts of the Port
Canby life-saving crew.
The Point Loma left Cosmopolis for San
Francisco yesterday in the face of the
worst storm of the season. At 9 o'clock at
night, off McKenzie Head, it sprung a
leak. The pumps soon became clogged
with coaldust and refused to work. The
water rose in the hold and put out the
fires. The anchors were dropped, but
dragged until 3 a. m., wnen at high tide
the steamer struck on the sands at Long
Beach and the masts went by the board.
The Fort Canby beach patrol called out
its crew, and after a pull around of three
miles in an awful sea the beach was
reached within a few hundred yards of the
Point Loma. A line was shot across the
vessel, but as the masts were gone there
was no place to make fast. The life crew
then rowed through tHe breakers and got
alongside. The only two passengers on
the Point Loma got into a boat. As the
purser followed the boat was capsized, but
the crew righted it and got to shore safely.
A life raft wae then sent out on a line,
and all the officers and crew taken off with
out accident, three at a time. All were
safe after three hours' work. Captain Con
way was the last to leave.
The steamer was lumber-laden and e»i*
ried 150 cases of salmon from the Washing
ton Canning Company. It was owned by
the Grays Harbor Commercial Company,
and is reported to be fully insured. Jt is
breaking up fast in the heavy surf.
Tie Point Loma was built in 1888 in San
Francisco, amd was 148 feet 5 inches ionjj,
38 feet x inches broad and 10 feet 3 inches
deep. Its tonnage was 220.91 net. The
greater portion of the loss is covered by In
surance.
LOSS OF TUB ST. PIERRE.
The Canadian. Pacific Steamer Wrecked
and Abandoned at Sea.
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. 28.-The Cana
dian Pacific Navigation Company received
a cipher cable message from Captain Sears
of the steamer St. Pierre to-day, stating
that that vessel was wrecked and aban
doned at sea. The message was sent from
Gibraltar, and it is therefore theorized that
the crew reached there safely, having been
picked up at sea by some transatlantic
liner. This, -however, is only conjecture.
The St. Pierre was recently purchased in
Halifax by the Canadian Pacific Naviga
tion Company to run on the west coast of
Vancouver Island and left that port for
Victoria about two weeks ago. It was
built eleven years ago by the Burril.l-
Johnson Iron Company of Yarmouth,
Nova Scotia; was a wooden vessel IG3 feet
in length and of 27 feet 6 inches breadth.
It was built for freight and passenger
trade. It was rigged as a topsail schooner
and has engines of 90-horse power capable
of a-spoed of twelve knots.
This winter the St. Pierre has been re
lieving the steamer Prince Rupert on the
Bay of Fundy route, between Annapolis,
SB
pnng
Medicine
Your blood in Spring is almost certain to
be full of impurities — the accumula-
tion of the winter months. Bad ven-
tilation of sleeping rooms, impure air
in dwellings, factories and shop?, over-
eating, heavy, improper foods, failure
of the kidneys and liver properly to do
extra work thus thrust upon them, are
the prime causes of this condition. It
is of the utmost importance that you
Purify
Your Blood
Now, as when warmer weather comes and
the tonic effect of cold bracing air is
gone, your weak, thin, impure blood
will not furnish necessary strength.
That tired feeling, loss of appetite, will
open the way for serious disease, ruined
health, or" breaking out of humors and
impurities. To make pure, rich, r d
blood, Hood's Sarsaparilia stands un-
equalecl. Thousands testify to its
merit?. Millions take it as their
Spring Medicine. Get Hood's, because
Sarsaparilia
Is the One True Blood Purifier. \U druggists.fl.
I'renared only by 0. I. Hood & Co., Lou-ell, Mass.
H^rkri J c Dillc are the onl - v P ills to take
lIUOU 5 r*lli» with Hood's bariaparilla2
Nova Scotia, and the city of St. John, New
Brunswick. The Prince Rupert is the
steamer which was built for the Canadian
Pacific Railway for service on the British
Columbian coast. Captain Sears is one of
the permanent officers of the Canadian
Pacific Navigation Company and went
from here to bring the St. Pierre round the
Horn.
BASISHEI* fltOX THE CAPITOL.
Sentence of a Man Who Jpplauded in
th* Senate Gallery.
WASHINGTON, -D. C., Feb. 28.— Gilbert
Hurd of this city was an occupant of the
public gallery yesterday afternoon when
Senator Vest made his now famous speech
in favor of granting belligerent rights to
the Cubans. Vest's eloquence worked
upon Mr. Hurd's feelings, ana at its close
he was one of those who applauded.
Colonel Bright, sergeant-at-arms of the
Senate, was sitting near by and ordered
liis removal from the gaiiery for violating
the rules of the Senate. Mr. Hurd says:
"After I was removed from the gallery I
was ordered to be taken to a subterranean
recess or prison, "where, after being incar
cerated for some time, my trial took
place. I was sentenced to be banished
from the Duilding and grounds'. An escort
was detailed to carry the sentence into
effect, and the Senate dignity was vindi
cated and the honor and glory of that
august body maintained. 1 '
To I. r press Mail Matter.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.— The
House Postortice Committee will report
favorably on the bill of Mr. Loud of Cali
fornia changing the present law so as to
authorize the transmission by freight or
express of books, maps, postal cards,
stamped envelopes and other heavy post
om'ce supplies of all kinds now trans
mitted by mail.
LOYALTY OF COLONIES
But They Manage Their Own
Affairs Independent of
England.
Lord Salisbury's Stand in Reference
to an International Bimetallic
Congress.
LONDON. Eng., Feb. 26.— ih the House
of Commons to-day Right Hon. Joseph
Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the
Colonies, replying to a question of John
W. Laurie, Conservative and Unionist,
upon the subject, stated that the Govern
ment had received copies of resolutions
adopted by the Australian colonies, ex
pressing their loyalty to the crown, and
declaring that they were unswervingly de
termined to make every sacrifice for the
perpetuation of their connection with tfae
British empire.
The resolution of the Canadian Govern
ment, Chamberlain said, had not yet ar
rived, but when it did it would be laid be
fore the House. ;
William Johnson asked if any recogni
tion could be taken of the fact that when
the resolution was passed in the Canadian
Parliament the entire assembly arose to
their feet and sang "God Save the
yueen." This question was received with
cheers.
J. G. MacNeil, Nationalist, turning to
Mr. Chamberlain, asked: "Isn't it a fact
that these colonies have the management
of their own affairs?"
Mt. MacNeil' s query was greeted with
prolonged cheers from the National
benches, but no answer was given to it by
Mr. Chamberlain.
George N. Curzon, Under Secretary for
Foreign Affairs, stated that the Govern
ment had been approached with a view to
the convening of another international bi
metallic congress. To these representa
tions. Lord Salisbury. Mr. Curzon said,
had replied that he would consult with
his colleagues in the Ministry before giv
ing a definite answer. The Premier in
formed the powers making the overtures,
however, that he had no desire to onpose
the holding of such a conference if good
grounds were shown, but upon learning
that the reopening of the Indian mints
was a necessary condition to an interna
tional monetary agreement he had refused
to continue the matter to any further con
clusion.
lieeeired by liayard.
LONDON, E.vg., Feb. 28.— United States
Embassador Bayard this evening received
a copy of the British case in the Venezu
elan dispute prepared by Sir Frederick
Pollock, professor of jurisprudence at Ox
ford University. Mr. Bayard was given
the document in strict confidence, and will
mail it to the State Department in -Wash
ingtou to-morrow.
Mad-e a Veep Sounding.
LONDON, E.vc, Feb. 2S.— The British
warship Penguin, while engaged in mak
ing deep soundings between Tonga and
New Zealand, got bottom at 5153 fathcsms.
The deepest sounding ever before made
was by the American warship Tuscarora
off the northwest coast of Japan, when
bottom was reached at 4655 fatnoms.
iiets -No Shnotina-Box.
LONDON, Exg., Feb. 28.— The Dai>y v
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Berlin saying that the ' Provisional
Committee of Alsace-Lorraine lias, by a
vote of 28 to 2fi. rejected the Government's
proposal to spend 180.000 marks for the
construction of a shooting box for Emperor
William, at Mutzig.
Indemnity Awarded.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Feb. 28.—
The Sultan has issued an irade ordering
that indemnity be paid to the Consuls at
Kumdah for the attack made upon them
some months ago by Arabs. He awards
the British Consul 250,000 francs, the Rus
sian 150,000 franc 3 and the French Consul
100.000 francs.
Heaths From Measles.
COLON. Colombia, Feb. 28.— Measles in
a very fatal form are epidemic, in Port
Limon, Costa Rica. The deaths from the
disease average twelve daily.
I'nssed the Enabling Bill.
MELBOURNE, Aistralia, Feb. 28.—
Both Houses of the Colonial Parliament
have passed the enabling bill.
«-^~~~~ _^^_ WEW TO-BAT.
Apollinaris
: "THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
"First in Purity.
BRITISH MEDICAL JOURNAL.
JOHN CAFFREY, 47 First St., San Francisco,
Representing CHARLES GRAEF & CO., N. V., for Mineral Waters.
CATASTROPHE AT
A CASINO RINK.
Men and Boys Precipitated
Headlong From the
Gallery.
■ — ■ — . ■ ■
OVER FIFTY INJURED.
Spectators Watching a Polo Con
test Suddenly Dropped
Thirty Feet.
ALL MIXED IN A MASS BELOW
During the Panic and Excitement,
However, Only One Person
Met Death.
FALL RIVER, Mass., Feb. 28.— A fright
ful catastrophe occurred at the Casino
rink to-night. The balustrade of the gal
lery gave way and 150 boys and men fell
headlong into the rink, a distance of
thirty feet. Over fifty were injured and
one, Narcisse Menard, is dead.
The attraction was a game of polo be
tween New Bedford and Fall River. A
little rivalry exists between the two cities,
and the rink was crowded, about 2500 per
sons being present. The came was hotly
contested, and the players frequently
came together, roughly handling one an
other. There were 700 men and boys in
the east gallery. At 9:35, three minutes
before the end of the game, Curley, the
Fall River goal tender, and Dunning, the
New Bedford rush, came together and ex
changed blows. They were parted by Cap
tain Cotter, but they again rushed at each
other.
At this juncture there was a loud crash
and a most horrible spectacle terrified the
assembled throng. A section of the gallery
rail thirty feet in length gave way and a
mass of struggling humanity tumbled to
the floor. There wa3 such a pressure fron:
the rear that five rows of spectators were
carried over, in all about 150 people. The
people scarcely realized what had hap
pened.
Captain Cotter warned them to remain
in their seats, and his presence of mind
probably saved a panic. The crowd
surged upon the rink surface, and a
equad of police \rere hastily summoned
and had much difficulty in clearing the
building. •
There were several doctors present and
in a remarkably short space of time fully
twenty medical men were on the scene.
An improvised hospital was made of the
rink floor. At first it was supposed that
many were killed, but after a careful ex
amination it was found that Narcisse
Menard of St. Mary's street, was the only
one seriously injured. His legs were
broken, his head cut and he suffered in-
ternal injuries which resulted in death a I
short time after his removal to. the hos
pital. ■■■.'"• ':*•£
It is d ifficult to estimate the number in
jured. All who ' fell were ' more or less
hurt. .;.• - ■ •
XOT A. "TAZUJLBZE DISCOVERY.
Tulare'B C/irj/soprise Is Ao( So Precious
<:•« Was Supposed.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 28.—The
finding of a vein of chrysoprase In Tulare
County, Gal., reported io be of rare variety
and of a quality much sought after by
metropolitan jewelers, proves on investi
gation to be not a valuable discovery after
all. " . ." •.
"I knew of the existence of this Califor
nia vein over three years ago," said Mr.
Kunz, the acknowledged authority on
precious stones in the United States; "It
is of ordinary quality, and the stones when
cut for mounting, instead of bringing
from $50 to $100 each, as rumor has it,
would undoubtedly be worth only from $1
tosl(J. Chrysoprase ac best, while better
than agate, ranks low in the scale of semi
precious stone*. It is too soft to admit of
high polish and is little called for in com
parison with other stones of its class. I
doubt if the discoverer of these beautiful
specimens of chrysoprase in Tuiare County
will reap much pecuniary reward for his
discovery."
TO MAIXTAiy THE RATES.
Iloada Sunning Into ->» ir Orleans Form
• ■ • . an Association.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 28.— A1l the roads
running into New Orleans have formed a
passenger association for the maintenance
of rates. The agreement goes into effect
March 1. The agreement provides for a
fine for every infraction. It is hoped the
association will have a restraining influ
ence on the Southern Pacific's policy of
oiverting business to its Sunset route by
cutting rates..
Another conference for the settlement
of the trouble over allowing differentials
to the- Canadian Pacific on immigration
business to North Pacific Coast points has
been arranged for next Wednesday in
Montreal. The Grand Trunk, Canadian
Pacific Railroad and American Western
lines will be represented. 7.W
WILL SUSTAIN THE STATE.
A Decision to Be Rendered in a Famous
Texas Case.
AUSTIN, Tex., Feb. 28.— 1n the case of
the State of Texas vs. the Houston and
Texas Central aud the Galveston, Harris
burg and San Antonio railroads, to recover
money borrowed from the State school
fund prior to the war. Judge Frank Mor
ris of the District Court will hand down
his decision to-morrow, giving judgment
in favor of the State for $1,200,000, nearly
equally divided between the two roads.
The money borrowed was paid back to
the State in 1864 in State warrants, under
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 189".
a special act of the Legislature, but the
State now alleges the warrants were issued
to aid the rebellion, and the payments
made were null and void. The State's
plea will therefore be sustained. The case
will of course be appealed.
DISTRESS JJV ARMJSXIA.
Disease Increases the JUistry of the
Afflicted People.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.— A long
telegram was received by Secretary Olney
to-nieht from Minister Terrell at Constan
tinople telling of great distress in Armenia.
He says that the inhabitants of Zeitoun
and its vicinity are suffering from the
ravages of smallpox and other diseases and
in want of food. Relief expeditions are
fitting out as fast as possible.
The progress is, however, necessarily
slow and uncertain because the valleys are
deep in mud and almost impassable, while
the mountains are filled with snow and
tha weather unusually cold. The English
Vice-Consul at Zeitoun has sent relief to
Harpoot and the Sultan has issued an im
perial decree forwarding protection and
facilities to Miss Ciara Barton.
TO BE TREATED LESIEXILY.
Assurance* Reaarding the Attitude of
Jioera Toward, Americana.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.—Secre
tary Olney had a cable message to-day
from Mr. Manion, the United States
Consul-General at Johannesburg, South
African Republic, saying:
"The Transvaal Government shows
every disposition to treat American prison-
ep leniently, and has been considerate
and friendly toward all United States
otlicial representatives. Hammond and
the other American prisoners are now in
Johannesburg awaiting legal proceed
ings."
NAVAL OFFICERS DISAGREE
Constructor Bowles Thinks He
Has Greater Authority Than
Two Superiors.
But the Chances Are He Will Be
Called to Time by Secre
tary Herbert.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 28.— A Sun
special from Washington says : A row
has broken out at the New York navy
yard between Commodore Sicard, who
commands the station, Commander Charles
S. Sperry, ordnance officer, and Construc
tor Bowles, in charge of all repair and
construction work now going on there,
which promises to be exceedingly lively
before the Navy Department straightens
thinge out and decides which is in the
wrong.
Yesterday afternoon there was a con
ference of over two hours in the office of
the Secretary, when there were present
Commodore Sicard, Commander Sperry
and Chief Naval Constructor Hichborne,
who represents Bowles. The two officers
stationed at New York have been
in the city recently and are deter
mined to have the auestion settled
whether Bowles is to install the ordnance
on the new monitor Terror according to
his own liking or whether it shall be done
as Commander Sperry directs. Sperry,
being in charge of all ordnance work of
the yard, claims, and his contention will
probably be approved, that no guns or
mounts should be placed on a vessel there
without his approval, ana Commodore
iSicard backs Sperry up.
Bowles, on tfie other hand, will endeavor
to show that he is building up the ships
and that he is held responsible for their
success or failure, and if things are not
conducted as he wishes they will all be
wrong.
The fight is really one as to the authority
of constructors at navy-yards and that of
line officers, and generally in such in
stances the line officers come out ahead.
Commodore Sicard as commandant of the
station is responsible for everything going
on at the yard, and Commander Sperry
holds that he is equally responsible for a
division of the work under Sicard, which
in this instance is ordnance, while Con
structor Bowles said that he is responsible
for everything affecting the construction
of the vessel, including ordnance.
Commander Sperry is the oflicer who
had trouble with Captain Nicoll Lodlos?,
and who succeeded in holding up his pro
motion for several months. He is one of
the best known officers of the navy, and
an expert on all that pertains to ordnance.
The hearing will be continued to-day and
the Secretary will render his decision some
time next week.
Heeds of n Ifesperate Husband.
JERSEY CITY, N. J., Feb. 27.-John
Mackin, 22 years old, to-night shot and in
stantly Killed Lizzie, hi 3 wife, 21 years old,
and Mrs. Bridget O'Connor, aged 54 years,
her mother, and morjally wounded Morris
Connors, aged 56, his father-in-law.
Mackin's wife left him a month ago, as he
neglected their two children, and returned
to her parents' home. Mackin was locked
up. He had been drinking.
Killed by a Parrot's Kite.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 28.— The bite of a
pet parrot caused the death yesterday of
"William J. Morden, a well-known capital
ist and inventor, of 1508 Michigan avenue.
Two weeks ago the bird inflicted a slight
wound on Morden's foreiinger. It soon
began to fester and, though the best of
medical skill was summoned, nothing
could be done, as blood-poisoning had
set in.
Miss Anthony's Tour.
ROCHESTER, N. V., Feb. 28.— Miss
Susan B. Anthony and her private secre
tary, Mrs. Sweet, left this city this even
ing for a prolonged and extended cam
paign tour throughout the West. She
will stop en route at Chicago and Ann
Arbor, but will spend most of her time in
Wyoming, Utah and Colorado, working
for the cause of woman's suffrage.
Irires on a British Steamer.
LONDON, E.vg., Feb. 28.— The British
steamer Missouri, from London for Phila
delphia, which put into Falmouth Feb
ruary 25 with lire in her hold, was beached,
and on February 25 sailed for Swansea for
repairs, arrived at, that port to-day and
was found to be again on lire.
I', moles Awarded n Medal.
GENEVA, N. V., Feb. 28.— Professor
William R. Brooks has been awarded the
medal of the Astronomical Society of the
Pacific, for the discovery of his latest
comet. This is the fifth honor of the kiud
bestowed upon Professor Brooks.
Agricultural Appropriations.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.-The
agricultural appropriation bill was re
ported to the Senate this afternoon* A
net increase of $47,260 is made to the House
bill, which carries a total appropriation of
$3,215,392.
Execution of a Xeffro Murderer*
VAN BUREN. Ark., Feb. 28.— Pruitt
Turner (colored) was hanged to-day. He
killed Bob Hawkins at Mulberry, Feb
ruary 17, 1890.
WHITNEY AS A
LETTER WRITER.
The Ex-Secretary of the
Navy Not a Candidate
for President.
IS NOT AFTER SUPPORT.
Cautions Friends Not to Labor
in His Interests for the .
Nomination.
VIEWS ON SILVER COINAGE.
Like the President He Does Not Favor
Anything but "Sound"
Money.
JACKSON. Miss., Feb. 28.— The Clarion-
Ledger will to-morrow publish the follow
ing letter from Hon. \V. C. Whitney of
New York:
New York, Feb. 25, 1896.
To the Editor of the Clarion-Ledger, Jackson,
Miss.— Sir; From recent Issues of your paper
sent me by some friend, I learn that \V. S.
McAllister has been circulating .in your city
among prominent Democrats a petition re
questing me to become a candidate for the
Presidential nomination of the Democratic
party. In the course of the controversy which
naturally arose from such effort on his part,
he speaks of himself us one of the "principal
managers of the Whitney movement hi this
State" (Mississippi).
If similar positions were taken and similar
words employed with regard to another person
I should assume that he was aware of what
was being done. I, therefore, desire to disclaim
any knowledge of any -such "movement"
(whatever that may mean), and I request any
friend of mine not to join it. It is doubtless
intended in a friendly spirit, but has not my
approval or concurrence.
From the same source of information I learn
that some persons' have believed me a sup
porter of the view that the United States should
open its mints to the free coinage of ("ilver at
16 to 1, independently of the co-operation and
action of other nations, and in that belief have
been led into a false position as regards their
own principles. Tender these circumstances 1
ought to Bay that I do not believe in that theory
of finance, but consider it unsound, and if
adopted likely to load to most evil con
sequences to our people and their industries
and prosperity.
I am a believer In gold nnd silver as the
metallic basis of values and of the world's cur
rency, and am confident that within a time
not far distant there will be a concurrence of
the nations upon that subject, by which the
ratios of value of the two metals for coinage
and currency purposes will be fixed and the
stability of such values maintained by an in
ternational agreement. I am aware that this
view is looked upon as financial heresy by
some and as visionary by others. But such
persons must be themselves ignorant of the
latest developments of scientific thought upon
this subject and the rapid advance this .view is
making where heretofore it has had little sup
port.
Until that occurs I believe any action by the
United States alone would be disastrous to us;
would bring general ruin to our present pros
perity, and would hinder the true and final
solution of the problem.
These opinions I do not entertain or express
as a candidate for the Presidency (for which
place I have already said I would not be a can
didate), but in order that those people who
have views differing from these mffv not be de
ceived as to mine. Yours, very truly,
William C. Whitney.
KEXTUCK? BILVER DEMOCRATS.
They May Begin an Attack on Cleveland,
Whitney and Carlisle.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Feb. 28.— 1t leaked
out here this morning that the members
of the free-silver movement in Central
Kentucky intended holding a meeting
here yesterday for the purpose of begin
nine a systematic attack on Cleveland,
Whitney and Carlisle in order to prevent,
if possible, any delegates favorable to them
•from being sent to the Chicago convention.
The meeting was not heltf, however, as it
was deemed best to wait until the Sena
torial contest is over at Frankfort for fear
that such an organization might injure the
chances of Senator Blackburn's re-election.
It is the opinion of the leading free-silver
men here that Blackburn will not be re
turned. The proeramme of the silver men,
should Blackburn be defeated, is to have
the State thoroughly canvassed and to use
every effort to send free-silver delegates to
Chicago.
SENATOR VAKThR'S SPEECH.
It Hits Canted Conaiderable Discussion
Among Politicians.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 28.— A Sun
special from Washington says that much
discussion has been caused among poli
ticians by Senator Carter's speech. The
Democrats are talking of holding a con
ference to unite the Democratic party in
view of the probable split among the Re
publicans. -''"
There is some curiosity as to whether
Carter's speecn will cause him to lose his
office as chairman of the Republican Na
tional Committee. Ja mes S. Clarkson, the
Republican National com rnitteeman from
Jowa, who is now in Njw York, says that
Carter could not be ousted until the meet
ing of the convention in St. Louis. Clark
son says that Carter has merely asserted
Republican principles in working for bi
metallism, and he cannot be considered
out of the party until a new platform has
been adopted.
J-'or a Protective Tariff-
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Feb. 28.— At the
Indiana Republican Editorial Association
meeting to-day resolutions indorsing the
protective tariff ami opposing free coinage
of silver were adopted.
SENATORS READY
TO FREE CUBA.
Continued from First Paga
by Congress of resolutions on the Cuban
question in a form requiring executive ap»
proval. Some prominent officials, while
known to have the greatest personal
sympathy with the insurgent cause in
Cuba, have shown that tbey believe that
their formal recognition by Congress and
the President at this time would result in
consequences too serious to be lightly en
countered.
BATTLES WITH IJTS URGESTS.
• - • ■■ .- ■•. ■ ■■ • ■- ■ . ■ ' ..:■%•"/■■■
A.s Usual, the . Spanish Claim, to Have
v ■Been Victorious.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 28.— General
Linares reports that the rebels in the hills
near San Gabriel, in the province of
Havana, opened fire on his column. The
troops dislodged the enemy, causing them
a loss of twelve dead on the field. Neigh
bors say that others were carried away.
The troops lost one killed and eight
wounded.
The insurgents have ditched a pilot
engine and burned the culverts along the
railroad near Linionar, province of Mat
anzas. An unofficial report states that the
rebels fired upon the forts around Bar
racoa. The troops returned the tire, kill
ing three of the attacking party and
wounding a number of them. A few days
ago a band of rebels, whose leader is un
known, made a raid on the stores in the
outskirts of Cardenas. They seized the
rifles and cartridges found and de camped.
No resistence was offered.
The Government column commanded by
Colonel Oliver has had an engagement
near Cienfuegos with the rebels led by Pine
yero. The insurgents lost eight killed.
Twelve prisoners were taken by the troop 3.
No mention is made of any Spanish losses.
No new proclamation has been issued by
Captain-General Weyler, the recent report
that he intended to issue one to to the
contrary notwithstanding. The alleged
forecast of an intended proclamation is
sued by the Chicago Associated Press was
based upon rumors that have been in cir
culation here for several days. It has
been common talk here that Captain-Gen
eral Weyler will give the rebels in the
provinces of Havana and Pinar del Rio
fifteen days in which to surrender or be
treated as bandits under the law of Spain.
Murat Halstead, the staff correspokdent
of the New York Journal, and Mr. Luks,
an arlist, sailed for New York to-day on
the steamer Yumuri.
The steamer Buenos Ayres has arrived
from Spain, bringing about 1000 troops.
WATCH EH BX THE BRITISH.
Speculation Regarding the Action of
l'retident Cleveland.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 28.— 1n its issue
to-morrow the Standard will say it thinks
that tiie action of the Senate on the Cuban
question places President Cleveland in a
highly embarrassing position. Neverthe
less the throwing of the onus of the de
cision on him is a compliment to his
judgment. It is much to be hoped that
he will feel strong enough to follow the
policy of prudence.
The Chronicle: If President Cleveland
decides to act upon the resolution of Con
gress his action will be one that Spain will
perforce regard as hostile to her vital in
terests. Whatever the rights or wrongs of
the case, no power would tolerate a re
quest from another power to give inde
pendence to a rebellions colony. The
doing so would involve abdicating all po
sition of sovereignty. That Spain will do
so is inconceivable, yet it is difficult to see
what effective opposition she could offer
if the United States is determined to fol
low its good offices by action.
The Times: Spain cannot but regard
the recognition of the rebels as an un
friendly act, yet she is not in a position to
resent such recognition. She could gain
nothing by declaring war on the United
States, which, moreover, can make out a
case that is at least plausible. It may per
haps be advisable to consider whether
Cuban autonomy may not offejr the best
way out of the difficulty. It would at all
events relieve Spain of a drain that
threatens to cripple her finances alto
gether and might avert the greater dangers
now impending without her being indicted
with intolerable humiliation.
KOX-COMBATAXTS M URJDBRJED.
Senator Morgan Itreelve» Word of Span
■ - . .. <»/* Cruelties, ' ' ' ; '--;
• WASHINGTON, D. r Feb. 23.-Sen»
--tor Morgan this afternoon received, the
following telegram from Tampa, Fla. :
Senator Morgan: In Guatao, seven miles from
the suburbs of Havana, on Saturday, February
22, at 2:30 o'clock, the insurgents retired from
the town. At 6 o'clock 300 Spanish- soldiers
entered, murdering non-combatants to the
number cf twenty-two, among whom I were"
Spaniards and even sick men, a boy of 15 and
an old man of 72. Fifteen innocent non-com
batants have been taken to Mariono for trial.
This news hos been received through letters
from reliable parties, and since confirmed by
witnesses who have arrived from the scene of
the butchery.  Rafael, Poktoflxdo.
TO FATHER MARQUETTE
The Statue Presented by the
State of Wisconsin Ready to
Be Unveiled.
Work of the Jesuit Among the In
dians Not Forgotten by the
Nation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.— The
unveiling of the Marquette statue in the
Capitol statuary hall will be the leading
event in Washington to-morrow. The
statue is in commemoration of Father
Marquette, the explorer, whom the North
west delights to honor.
His footsteps through the virgin forests
along the great lakes centuries ago opened
the path for all the settlements to follow.
United to a bold and adventurous mind
were a breadth of sympathy and gentle
ness of nature that euabled him to greet
the red man in his native woods not as an
enemy, but as a brother. Marquette's
kindness to the Indian was the natural ex
pression of a brother by nature, to which
geographical lines and tints of complexion
were as nothing. Some of the finest le
gends in the Northwest are connected with
bis journeyings.
Father Marquette, in the dress of the
Jesuit fathers, floated down the Wisconsin
in a birchbark canoe to the Mississippi
River. He went ashore one day and Was
long pone. His followers went to look for
him.
They found he had died at prayer, kneel
ing before the cross lie had carried so long
aud fearlessly. They took his remains
back to Wisconsin arid buried them in a
spot near St. Ignace, Mich., that was
shamefully neglected until last summer,
when a handsome monumental stone was
erected to mark his last resting place.
The statue is a gift of the State of Wis
consin to the Nation. The ceremony will
take place at noon. The monument com
mittee of the State will be present. It
consists of J. W. Losey of La Crosse,
James Bardon of Superior, Frederick Lay
ton and Archbishop Katzer of Milwaukee
and R. M. La Follette of Madison. Ex-
Governor Peck will probably be present,
as will Senators Vilas and Mitchell and
the Congressmen of the State. The com
mittee have made strenuous efforts to se
cure the presence of President Cleveland
and Cardinal Gibbons, both of whom have
expressed the heartiest interest in the pro
ject. F. Hopkinsou Smith, the artist aud
writer, will make the address.
Treasury Gold Kraerre.
WASHINGTON, D. . C, Feb. 28.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $122,244,229. The with
drawals for the day amounted to ?1,2<59,
--700.
APPROPRIATIONS
ARE CONSIDERED.
Deliberations in the House
as a Committee of the
Whole.
CLERKS FOR MEMBERS.
Their Continuous Employment
Classed as a Raid on the
Treasury.
JUST A PLAIN SALARY GEAB.
Conference Report Confirming the Title
of the Seat of Jones of Vir
ginia Agreed To.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.— As
soon as the journal was read .the House
went into committee of the whole, for the
consideration of the legislative, executive
and judicial appropriation bill for the
year ending June 30, 1897, and twenty-one
pages of it were aisposed of before ad
journment. In the course of the general
debate, which lasted until nearly 2 o'clock,
Grout (R.) of Vermont, a member from
the Committee on Appropriations, read a
speech in favor of sound and stable cur
rency. Of the sections of the bill which
passed under consideration only one ex
cited much debate— that relating to clerks
for Representatives, over which the an
nual light took place.
Tawney (R.) of Minnesota moved to
make their employment continuous in
stead of during the sessions of Congress
only, but this was ruled out on a point of
order made by McCall (It.) of Tennessee
that it changed existing law and was
therefore inadmissible upon an appro
priation bill.
The feature of the discussion was
DeArmond's attack on the amendment,
Which he characterized as a raid on the
treasury, without right or justice, a salary
grab as much as the infamous measure
known by that name, and a stench in the
nostrils of honest men.
The chairman of the committee of the
whole sustained the point of order, re
versing a ruling made in the last Coneress
under similar conditions; and Tawney
taking an appeal from the ruling, it was
sustained by t&e committee— lo2 to 43.
A message from President Cleveland
vetoing the bill authorizing the lease of
school lands in Arizona was laid before
the House, and was made the special order
for to-morrow.
The conference report on the general
pension appropriation bill end the report
of the Elections Committee No. 1, confirm
ing Jones' title to the seat as Representa
tive from the First District of Virginia,
were aereed to.
At 4:50 o'clock the House took a recess
until 8 o'clock.
At the night session the House, in com
mittee of the whole (Hopkins of Illinois in
the chair), considered and laid aside with
favorable recommendation nine private
pension bills, which were subsequently
ordered to be reported to the House.
Of INTEREST TO TME COAST.
Zoud's BUI Will Jtenefit Substitute Letter-
Cnrrivrs.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.—Rep
resentative Loud, chairman of the Com
mittee on Postoffices and Postroads, to
day introduced a bill authorizing "the
Postmaster-General to employ as many
substitute letter-carriers a3 he may deem
proper to assist the regular carriers on
holidays and in other emergencies, said
substitutes to receive pay at the rate of
$600 per annum for services rendered. The
Postmaster-General is further authorized
to pay substitute carriers at the rate of
$600 per annum while each of the substi
tutes is serving for regular carriers de
tailed for work on local civil service
boards. •, • • r -  ':
Representative Bowera to-day intro
duced, a bill for the relief of Charles A.
Mazro.
The special postal service between
Datura and'Amedee, Lassen County, and
Taleea and Capistrano, Orange County,
will be discontinued after March 14. •
- Pensions nave been granted as follows:
California: Original— Barton N. Barnes,
National Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles;
Samuel C. Irwin, San Diego; Wiliiam
Nibel, Veterans' Horn*, Napa; William P.
Wolson, San Francisco. Reissue— Alexis
Hinckley, Pasadena. Ori_inal widows,
etc. — Marie C. Sinclair, Oakland. Mexican
War survivors, etc.— lncrease — John J.
Capell, Healdaburg; Henry Burdett, Ba-
field.
Washington: Original— Frank Steyeus,
Olympia; Rudolph Probst, Vancouver;
Josepn Davis, Vancouver. Increase — Sam
uel T. Hanan, Dayton. Ee issue— Charles
H. Daniels, Kirkiand.
jEarnin«7« of thn Santa I'r.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 28.— The gross
earnings of the Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe railway system for January
were $2,484,663; increase over January,
1895, $249,722; net earnings. $763,635; in
crease compared with 1895, $284,351. For
NEW TO-DAY. .
_)®®®®<_X_E_=®<s>S)®lZZ®S^^
IMCOPtE
COLUMBIA
-ASD
HARTFORD
BICYCLES
Are used than those ;o f
any other make. .
WHY?
Because they are BEST 1
-■■'■%% ..
POPE MANUFACTURING CO.,
; : 344 Post St., S. F.. Cal;
Instruction and Renting* De-
partment— Pago st., near
-Park entrance.
the seven months ending January 31
gross earnings increased $544,602 com
pared with the corresponding period of pre
cedingyear; net earnings, $4,274,875; for
the same period of Jast fiscal year, $4|395,
--772; decrease, $120,896.
ABSOKBEIi BY THE TIMES.
The Evening yexca of Wathlngton, O. C. f
Suspend* I'ubllcation.
WASHINGTON,. D. C, Feb. 28.— The
Evening News yesterday suspended pub
lication after an existence of a little over
three years, the Washington Times hav
ing purchased its good will, advertising
contracts and circulation. This acquisi
tion make the Times by far the most influ
ential and widely circulated newspaper in
Washington.
The Times publishes a morning and
evening edition and within a year has be
come the leading paper at the National
capital. It holds the exclusive franchise
for the twenty-four hours' report of The
United Press, and also the exclusive privi
lege of the Bennett cable service in Wash
ington.
For a Building at ButU.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 23.— The
Senatn Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to-day made favorable reports on
a bill appropriating $300,000 for a public
building at Butte City, Mont.
Vetoed by the I'reaident.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.— The
President has sent a message to the House
vetoing the bill recently passed authoriz
ing the leasing of school lands in Arizona.
; NEW TO-DAY.
JUST
JUJ I ; .
ARRIVED
Advanced spring and sum-
mer styles coming .in daily.
The very newest ideas from the
fashion centers of the world.
London, Paris, New York — all
have been ransacked to brighten
up the counters arid satisfy the
tastes of the exacting customers
of Roos Bros.
Men's Clothing— better than,
ever this season, and goodness
knows it was good enough be-
fore.
. Boys' and Children's Clothes.
We don't know of another £xm
who are direct importers.
Hats and Caps, Haberdashery,
Bicycle Clothes. .'
Mail orders a specialty.
COCOA ®
FREE I ■;/ I
Miners' Pure Breakfast ; Cocoa Qs
FREE ALL THIS WEEK. -AS
"Drop in" and have a cup. <5
INTRODUCTORY @
[/: PRICES! ©
Good Only Until Febraary 29fch. S
i Toboggan Maple Syrup, 1 gal ........ $100 jjjj?
Eastern "Buckwheat, pure, 10 ttia 3nc dfs
Miners' Best Ground Chocolate^ 1 lb. _0c iSjk
Finest Baltimore Oysters, 3-lb. tin... 18c j§&
Western Washer, with wringer. ..;... $5 00 (5m
Gold W'eignt Pure Spices, Vi lb 100 ; *$\
Best Table Salt. 50-lb, bag...:......./ £5c *&
Antonini Oil, best imported 55c Q&
Mincing Knife, new 5ty1e....... 10c /jfr
50-cent Harmonicas," each...' 25c vfi?
$25 Sewing Machines, each.. $20 00 gji
25c Goodrich Dress Shields...... 15c J&
Ladies' Fine Jersey Eib Vesta... 1 "..... 15c . ffj
Best 9-03. Duck Overalls... 60c jfj\
All Wall Paper, 1896 styles, di 5.....; 33V_c *&
Largest Western Department _X
Store. Catalogue free. (££
", Smiths 1 Cash Store, ~ 0?
414,416, 41 8 front st., s.f. (^
Try WM-:
'em
once;
buy
'em
always,
Is true of those home- '4_^3%L's
produced STAN D -jp 'I^,
ARD SHIRTS. Best | JJ*£
quality ever offered |:JMJ_>.
for the money. ; | r£ Ar £L'
- Neustadte/Bros., l/MUJ •
Mfrs., S. F.jy***
fa "PATENTS' 3
V^^2?MAR!<ET?r5r^SMy
________________ .■ — i _ .^^
O OSMOPOLiITAN
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 ' and ' 10*2 . Fifth at «<_«'
: irancisco.Cal.-Themost select family hotel 111
the city. Board and room, 1, ?1 25 an! $1 50 ncr
d*y according to room. Meais 25c. Kooms 50^
and 75c a day. Free ooach to and from the hotel
_oofc for the coach bearing; the name of the C_£
; mopolHaa Hotel. W_£ iAUKY, ftoptietotLITTLE PITY
FOR DUNRAVEN.
But the "Field" Ridicules
the Action of the
Club.
BARS FUTURE RACING.
An Unfortunate Ending of the
Many Mistakes and Mis
understandings.
THE EARL NO PHILOSOPHER.
Persists in Believing That the Evi
dence of His Senses Is
Incontrovertible.
LONDON, Ej.'g., Feb. 28.— 1n its issue
to-morrow the Field, which has always
supported Lord Dunraven, will gay:
"The result of the meeting of the New
TorK Yacht Club was a foregone conclu
sion, still it cannot be denied that the club
has placed itself in a very ridiculous situa
tion. It has virtually barred for the fu
' ure any protests in international yacht-
I gin which the club may be a party, it
is an unfortun-ue ending of a number of
mistakes and misunderstandings.
"We a^e certain that such a resolution
as the New York Yacht Club passed Thurs
day night would .never have been enter
tained by an English club. The only good
feature about the incident is that it will
not be treated very seriously."
The Field will also publish along article
rehearsing the whole dispute, with run-
Ding comments. The evidence clearly
showed that the necessity for a
committee of inquiry was entirely
due to the unfortunate blundering
of the club's executive in dealing witn an
ordinary protest by inaction at one time
and uncalled-for action at another time.
The case will doubtless be regarded in
America as a precedent, and the conse
quent position of any challengers will
eimply be to ask no inconvenient ques
tions and to lodge no protests, but to pro
vide a yacht to be beaten.
The Daily News says: Lord Dunraven
is a sportsman and a gentleman, but we
fear that he is not a philosopher. He first
refused to accept the verdict of the com
mittee, with the result that he has been
expelled from the New Yom Yacht Club,
and this because he insists upon believing
that the evidence of his senses is incontro
vertible.
The Telegraph deplores the misunder
standing as calculated to arouse inter
national animosity and stop international
races for a long time.
A special meeting of the Yacht Racing
Association has been called for the pur
pose of considering the action taken by the
New York Yacht Club at its meeting last
evening, in passing the resolution for the
virtual expulsion of Lord Dunraven as an
- member of the ciub.
i J ct^ointmeni of. Lord Dunraven as
! i lieutenant of Limerick was an
nounced by the Gazette to-day.
NEW YOKK, N. . V., Feb. 28.— The
resignation of Lord Dunraven, which has
been expected for some days, but had not
i up to the time of the Earl's ex
- a from the New York Yacht Club
Jast ni-ht, was received by J. V. S. Oddie,
secretary of the club, at 7:10 o'clock this
evening.
SUED BY A. MADISOS FARMUH.
i*an Francisco Stock-Buyer* figure in a
Woodland Case.
WOODLAND, Cal., Feb. 28.— A case
now on trial in the Superior Court is of
importance to farmers who have dealings
with persons who claim to be the agents
of San Francisco stock-buying firms. It
is an appeal from the Justice Court of
Madison township, where judgment was
rendered in favor of plaintiff.
Hays Mickey, representing that he was
an agent of Roth, Blum & Co., purchased
a lot of hogs of William Hays and shipped
them with a consignment purchased from
other farmers. They were consigned to
Roth, Blum & Co., who paid all of the
Bellers except Mr. Hays. He immediately
began an action to recover the value of his
hogs. The defendants claim that Mickey
was not their authorized agent and had
no authority to purchase from Hays for
them.
JOLO COI'XTX LITIGATION.
A Zand-Otrner to He Arrested for Steal
ing a Brick House.
WOODLAND, Cal., Feb. 28.— A warrant
was issued in the Justice Court to-day for
arrest of Fred Henrich, a land-owner of
this county, charging him with stealing a
brick house. E. S. Easthani is the com
plaining witness. The trouble grew out
of a dispute over an old mill property for
merly located at Madison, and which was
destroyed by fire. There has been a great
deal of litigation over the property, and
there is likely to be much more.
When the mill was burned, the brick
walls were left standing, and Fred Hen
rich, who claimed the ownership, took the
walls down and moved the brick away,
using them to construct another building.
The warrant for Mr. Henrich's arrest is
out, but he has not yet been taken into
custody.
SEA.TTEJB'B WHITE ELEPHAXT.*
Judgment Given the Builder of a Big
Jlotrl That Was Xever Opened..
BEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 28.— 1n the Su-
I f-rior Court to-day Judge Humes ren
■■:*'rfd a decision awarding P. S. Potvin, the
L'.ilder, judgment for $210,000 against the
Denny Hotei Company, holding also that
his claim takes priority over that of the
CurneU University for large sums of money
advanced to the company. Potvin, who
,cry prosperous at one time, bank
; himself in tin's contract, which was
taken in 1889. The hotel, though practically
completed live years ago, has never been
placed in operation. Tiie property is esti
mated to be worth a half million dollars.
3IIXIXG UJ' THF COMETS.
Professor Jiolden Makes an Explanation
of Interest to Astronomers-
MOUNT HAMILTON, Cal.. Feb. 28.—
The Science Observer (special circular No.
Ill), dated February 20, from Boston, just
received at the Lick Observatory, contains
information wnich seems to clear up the
uncertainty heretofore existing regarding
the discovery of comet A, 1896.
From thts circular it seems that the ob
eervation obtained at Kiel on Feoruary 13
was of Perrine's comet of 1895 (c), and
that there was an error in the message
received at the Lick Observatory, which
cave its right ascension as 19h 15m 45.95,
instead of lOh 45m 47.95.
The declination agreed with that ob
tained here. As bus already been stated a
new comet was observed at the Lick Ob
servatory by C. D. Perrine not far from the
position indicated in the erroneous dis
patch, and this fact was duly announced.
In answer to this announcement, a sec
ond message was received from Kiel,
giving the position of the new comet and
al«o confirming the fact tnat the observa
tion of February 13 was of comet C 1895.
This leaves no doubt that Perrine is the
discoverer of the new comet, although
final confirmation awaits mail advices
from Germany.
PASAVEXA SUICIDE.
Flora Houre-r Ends Her Troubles by
Inhaling Chloroform.
PASADENA, Cal., Feb. 28.— Flora
Bower, a domestic employed in the family
of Dr. E. Turner, committed suicide last
ev.-ning by inhaling chloroform. This
morning she failed to attend to her duties
and was foutid dead in her bed, with a vial
containing the drug clutched in her right
hand. T..0 handkerchiefs saturated with
chloroform were found on her pillow. She
had evidently died without a struggle.
A Coroner's inquest was held this after
noon and it was learned that ttie girl was
in poor health and subject to fits of
despondency. She had frequently threat
ened to kill herself, but no apprehension
was felt. She was friendless and alone.
CBICO UElltS LOSE.
»tc Trial of the Pratt Estate Suit
Granted by Judge Gray.
CHICO, Cal., Feb. 28.— The motion for
i a new trial in the case of F. C. Lusk and
i A. 11. Crew, trustees, vs. the heirs of the
I late Judge O. C. Pratt, was h4ard and
granted by Superior Judge Gray to-day.
Some time a^o the plaintiffs brought
action 10 cause the heirs to be instructed
by the court as to their duties and powers
a* trustees, and as to- when the annuity to
Mrs, Lizzie Pratt should begin. The court
j decided that Mrs. Pratt was entitled to an
j annuity, and upon this decision the
i trustees moved for a new trial, on the
■ ground that the court had no authority
1 for making such a judgment.
TJIAGJL'DX A-T SAP A.
Attempt of a Man Out of Employment to
r>t,l Ilia lAfe.
NAPA, Cal., Feb. 28. — James Adams, 40
years of ape, attempted to commit suicide
by cutting his throat with a razor this
morning. Adams was found in a barn near
the county infirmary by two boys. His
throat was cut from ear to ear. Adams was
taken to the infirmary, where physicians
stopped the flow of blood and sewed up
the wound. It was also found tuat he had
cut his right arm near the elbow.
Adams, who has been working on
ranches near here, lost his position a few
weeks ago and has since been despondent.
The county physician says that he has a
chance for recovery.
LOS ANGELES DYNAMITER
Detective Coyne Arraigned for
the Alleged Throwing of
a Bomb.
Millionaire Stimson Tells of the Threats
Preceding the Explosion at
His Home.
LOS ANGELES. Cal.; Feb. 23.— The ex
amination of Detective H. L. Coyne,
charged with trying to blow up the mag
nificent stone residence of T: D. Stimson,
the multi-millionaire, on Figueroa street, a
few weeks since, began at 9 o'clock this
morning, in the township court, before
Justice Young. A good deal of work has
been done by the Police Department since
Coyne's arrest, and it showed in the pres
ence of some witnesses by whom it is ex
pected to very closely connect the de
fendant with the affair.
Mr. Stimson'3 story was given at length,
his examination occupying the entire
morning. He told how he first came to
meet the young man. It was several
weeks before the explosion, and came
about through a piece of work that he
wanted done — the accompanying of his
son to Mexico. He had Coyne make the
trip, and it was four weeks afterward that
a bomb was exploded at his residence.
The first time Coyne spoke to him about
impending trouble was not long after he
returned from Mexico. He came to his
office in the Stimson block and told him
that he had learned that a crook was in
town from Mexico, and that some danger
threatened the millionaire which he would
find out about. Coyne did not know
whether the crook had come for robbery
or murder, but he knew where he was and
with skeleton keys he would enter his
room and could tell from the nature of the
tools he had brought with him just what
his purpose was. Coyne came to Stimson'j
office again after theexplosion, said there
was to be another explosion and wanted
$70 to pay up some debts, buy a yalise and
get out of the country before the bomb
throwers could find him and kill him, as
they would surely do.
Devendorf, Stimson's bookkeeper, and
Fay, a son-in-law, testified that Coyne
told them substantially the same stories.
IXKOAHS Of JAPANESE.
Thirty - five 1d« Anffele* Jitstaurnnt*
Otcned by Subject* of the Mikado.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 28.— The call
by the labor councils for a mass-meeting
to be held :in this . city on the night of
February 7 to agitate the checking of the
inroads of Japanese arid Chinese into all
classes of industries is causing consider
able interest and comment. The crusade
is directed principally against the Japa
nese, who have insidiously and persever
ingly pushed their ~- way into many
branches of trade and employment here.
Their method has been to usurp the
plnces of white men at the restaurants by
offering to work for less wages and by
slipping in during the periodic labor dis
agreements between employer and em
ployed. When the white employer has
become discouraged with small profits or
desires a change they have stood ready to
buy him out and thus secure an estab
lished .business with, white patrons, until
at present they own thirty-rive restaurants
in the' city where fair meals are served for
10 cents. They work largely on the co
operative plan, which seems to be a com
plete success.
The alarm at their encroachment is be
ginning to be felt outside of labor circles,
where the brown men are doing the great
est harm, and the movement inaugurated
by the labor councils is intended to create
a general public sentiment. At some of
the restaurants they have secured liquor
licenses, and it is believed they will shortly
reach for the saloon business. They seem
to easily crowd out any white opposition
by their cheap'methoda.and the laboring
classes feel tliat they must make the fight
of their lives for self-preservation.
To Pardon a liutte County Boy.
CHICO, Cal., Feb. 28.— A petition to
Governor Budd for a pardon for David
Johns, a Buite County boy now in San
Quentin, has been signed by a majority of
the jury that convicted him and by many
prominent citizens. On September 5,
1894, Johns was convicted in the Superior
Court of this county of having stolen two
cows.
Found l>> mi nt Spokane.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 28.— John
Sutherland, a plumber from Everett,
Wash., was found dead in his bed in a
cheap lodging-house this evening. He
probably committed suicide. Sutherland
had been in the city a couple of weeks,
during which time he was continually in
toxicated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1396.
SAN LUIS LOSES
A VALUED CITIZEN
Death of Charles W. Dana
After a Lingering
Illness.
TWO YEARS AN INVALID
Stricken by Dropsy While Hold
ing the Office of County
Clerk.
A NATIVE OF THIS STATE.
Was a Grandson of Don Carlos An
tonio Carillo, Once Governor
of California.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cat,., Feb. 28.—
Charles W. Dana, ex-County Clerk and
one of the most valued and popular citi
zens of this part ol California, died at his
THE LATE CHARLES YV\ DANA.
home in this city at about 1 o'clock this
morning of dropsy, after a lingering ill
ness of nearly two years.
The deceased was one of the oldest na
tivt sons, having been born in this county
on June 27, 1837. He was a representative
of distinguished families, being the son of
Captain William G. Dana and Josefa Ca
rillo de Dana, who was a daughter of Don
Carlos Antonio Carillo, one of the Mexican
Governors of California. Captain Dana
was one of the celebrated Dana family of
Boston, a well-known member of which
was Richard H. Dana, the author.
Captain Dana, as a trader, became well
acquainted witn the western coast, and in
1825 he located in Santa Barbara, being
the first English-speaking person to land
there. After the captain's marriage in
1828 he became naturalized as a citizen of
the Mexican republic, and in 1835 obtained
a grant of the Nipomo rancho (in San
Luis Obispo County), containing 38,000
acres. The Dana family still holds pos
session of a large portion of this estate.
Charies W. Dana was educated with
especial care, attending schools in Mexico
and in the Eastern States. He was a fine
scholar, extensively read, and had a com
prehensive knowledge of law. He was a
member of the Republican party from the
time of its organization in this State, and
held important offices for a period of
twenty -three years. In 1859 he was
chosen clerk of the Board of Trustees of
this City. In 1861 he was elected member
of the Assembly to represent the counties
of San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara,
the latter then including Ventura County.
In the succeeding election Santa Barbara
was accorded the Assemblyman, and Dana
was elected Clerk of this county by a large
majority. From that time, 1863, to 1875
he was regularly elected to the office. In
1875 he was defeated by Nathan King, but
on King's death in 1883, Dana was ap
pointed to the office, and subsequently
held the position by virtue of election up
to the time of his sickness in the latter
part of 1895.
In 1881 he was chosen Mayor of San
Luis Obispo, and in 1883 was elected City
Clerk. Ho served the public faithfully
and well, and maintained the respect and
esteem of all parties. The people had ex
plicit confidence in him.
Mr. Dana was once favorably mentioned
for Clerk of the Supreme Court, and was
in 1882 the Republican nominee for mem
ber of the State Board of Equalization,
but was defeated by Markiey. His gener
osity was unbounded, and his substantial
charities made him beloved by the poor.
In 1866 the deceased was married to Miss
Bianding Esquer, daughter of General
Ignacio Esquer, of Monterey County, and
the issue of the union are seven children.
Besides his own immediate family the de
ceased leaves ten brothers and one sister to
mourn his loss. It is only a few weeks
since a daughter, Miss Fidelia, was united
in marriage, to C. Bushnell Hughston, a
nephew of Myron Angell, the historian of
San Luis Obispo County. It was not then
thought that Mr. Dana was so near disso
lution.
The death of few men will be more
widely lamented in the counties of Mon
terey, Santa Barbara and San Luis Q bispo
than that of Charles W. Dana.
CHICO'S EASTERN GUESTS.
Advance Guard of Colonist* From
Chicago Entertained.
CHICO, Cal., Feb. 28.-Messrs. Homer
Wilson, Theodore Perry and Theodore N.
Case and Mrs. Kuth Prosser arrived in
this city this morning and registered at
the Park Hotel. These people have been
at the Ashurst colony, near Kirkwood,
Tehama County, for the past week. They
represent v large number of Chicago
people who are preparing to establish a
colony in Northern California, and are a
portion of a committee sent here to view
the land of the Ashurst colony and to pass
judgment upon it.
The visitors were this afternoon taken
for a drive over the RanchoChico, through
groves of fruit trees laden with fragrant
blossoms. They were greatly pleased
with what they saw.
STOCKTOy POLICE ROW.
Excitement Cauavd by the Retnoval of
Two Officers.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 28.— The whole
city is discussing to-night the action of
the Police and Fire Commissioners in re
moving Officer Charles Field and Officer
Gayou from the police force. It is claimed
by the friends of the oflicers that it is a
move of the A. P. A. to oust all persons i
distasteful to the present city administra
tion. Mayor Baggs and the Commission
ers, on the other hand, affirm that they
are but seeking to increase the efficiency
of the Police and Fire departments and
that no political or religious preferences
will influence the board in what it consid
ers its plain duty.
The excitement in the courthouse to
night when Officer Field was removed on
the charge of changing an entry on the
prison register from "drunk 1 ' to "lodtrer"
was intense. The Commissioners, how
ever, are proceeding very carefully, and, it
is said, submit their findings \o an emi
nent attorney before presenting them, in
order not to involve the board in legal
complications. Mayor Baggs is support
ing ihe board.
BRIDOIJSG />KX CREEK.
Rapid Proyreta Made by the Valley
Road Constructors.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 28.— The center
span and other timbers of the Valley road
across Dry Creek reached there this morn
ing. The* bridge will be completed ia ten
days. There are only four miles more
before the Tuoiumne lliver will be reached.
The bridge men are now at work on that
bridge.
Thirty-four and one-half miles of track
have been laid, and the work is progress
ing more rapidly than ever before. As
soon as Dry Creek and Tuulumne River
bridges are completed the roadbed will be
pushed beyond there as fast as men can
make it.
BAXTA. JUOMCA'S PRIDE.
Jiew Methodiat Church Will lie Dedicated
on ihe UnbOatfi.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Feb. 23.— Santa
Monicans in particular and Methodists in
general all over Southern California are
proud of the now house of worship of that
denomination, which will be dedicated on
Sunday. The building is the gift of a
wealthy gentleman, who insists that his
name be withheld from the public. Its
construction cost nearly $20,000, and the
church is entirely free from debt.
The building is situated on the corner of
Arizona avenue and Fourth street, with
entrances through two towers eighty-live
feet in height, one on each street.
It is G6x43 feet in dimensions, with a
main audience room 53x43 and two rooms
adjoining, to be used for the infant class
and Epworth League respectively, and
which can be opened into the main audi
ence room, giving it a' capacity for seating
1000 worshipers. The buildinc is lighted
by electricity throughout, and the win
dows are iitted with artistic cathedral
glass.
There are a few lareer houses of worship
in the south, but none that, for beauty of
exterior and interior, symmetry of propor
tions, harmony of coloring arid conven
ience for the purposes intended, are sq
perior.
PERISHED ON THE YUKON
Seattle Adventurers Believed to
Have Lost Their Lives in
a Storm.
Ignored a Warning by Indians to
Turn Back to a Place of
Shelter.
NANAIMO, B. C, Feb. 28.— L. S. Hndge,
a newspaper man, formerly of Seattle, and
a companion, a white man whose name is
not known, are undoubtedly among the
number of adventurous seekers for gold in
the great Yukon country who will never
return. A party of Indians arrived in
Juneau this morning tell of the probable
death of the pair in a tPrritic snowstorm.
Hodge and his companion left Juneau
about the last of December for Circle City
via the Takou route and through Wilson
Pass. They started in company with
James Jackson and two other natives.
Jackson is the mail-carrier for the Alaska
Commercial Company. He and his com
panions were traveling with sleds drawn
by dogs, while Hodge and his companion
were afoot and drawing their own sleds.
After leaving the foot of Lake I,e Berge
the white men, unable to keep up with the
Indians, were left to shift for themselves.
It was between Lake Ls Berge and Cas
siar Bar that the bearers of the news last
saw the unfortunate gold-seekers. Hodge
and his companion had thrown away their
supplies, and were endeavoring to find a
better trail when the Indians came upon
them. The white men refused to^iomplv
to the urging of the natives to turn back.
The Indians pushed on toward the camp
at the foot of Lake Le Berge, Shortly
after leaving the adventurers a terrific
snowstorm came on. The Indians them
selves narrowly escaped with their lives
into the camp. As neither Hodge nor his
companion has since been heard from
there can bo but little doubt as to their
fate.
LONG SLEEP OF
AN ALBINA GIRL
Miss Helen Burnham Has
Been Slumbering for
a Month.
AWAKENS AT INTERVALS
Has Opened Her Eyes but Three
Times Within the Last
Ten Days.
IS RAPIDLY GAINING FLESH.
During Brief Periods of Consciousness
She Eats With a Ravenous
Appetite.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 28,-For nearly
thirty days Miss Helen Burnham
of Albina, a suburb of this city,
has been indulging in a sound sleep,
awakening only at intervals of three or
four days, when she eats enormous meals
and at once returns to the arras of Mor
pheus. Medical men and scientists are
puzzled over the remarkable case, and, to
add to their dismay, there seems to be no
likelihood that the young lady will be
come awake "for good" for some time to
come, if at all.
It appears that it was with great diffi
culty that Miss Burnham could grasp the
principles of shorthand, notwithstanding
that in all other studies she was very
bright. This circumstance preyed so
heavily upon her mind that for several
weeks she suffered from insomnia, during
which time she lost twenty pounds in adi
pose tissue. She became quite sick, and
at last Dr. C. S. Weber was called. The
doctor, ascertaining that her trouble was
due to loss of sleep and appetite, by reason
of mental disturbance because she made
no progress in her stenographic studies,
ordered her to discontinue the study for a
time and devote herself to some occupa
tion that would not tax her mentality.
For a week this advice was followed, yet
produced no beneficial results.
The doctor then resorted to bromide of
potassium to produce much-coveted sleep
for Miss Burnham, and with startling re
sults. It is almost a month since the
first and only dose was given her. The
effoct was marvelous, and it is alleged to
be unparalleled in the history of materia
medu-a. She slept for twenty-four con
secutive hours, and on the second day
awoke with a ravenous appedte. After
eating an abnormally large meal she again
fell asleep, remaining in a somnolent state
another day, when she again awoke, very
hungry. This continued for two weeks,
and at the expiration of that time the
duration of sleeping periods was increased
to forty-eight hours at a stretch ; and at
no time did she remain awake lunger than
an hour.
Within the past ten days Miss Burnham
has awakened three times only, and at
each time ate enough to satisfy the crav
ings of two hard-working, hungry men.
Since her long sleep commenced she has
crown quite fat and has a remarkably
clear and healthy complexion, with the
exception of a mark on her forehead in
the shape of a well-formed Maltese cross.
Some of the superstitious friends of the
Burnhams regard that maik as an ill
omen ; but Dr. Weber says it is nothing
but an eccentric blood mark, which will
vanish in time.
IN THE SAN JOSE COURTS.
Decision Involving the Status of
Assigned Claims From
Insolvents.
Arrest of a Man Who Failed to Keep
a Promise to Become a
Benedict.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 28.— A decision of
more than usual interest was rendered by
Judge Lorigan this morning for the plain
tiff in the suit of Heine Schmidt against
Hill & Yard to recover $417 97 on an
assigned claim from P. Bonte, a wholesale
photographer of New York. Two 3 T ears
aero Hill & Yard went through insolvency
and were discharged of their debts. Sub
sequently the suit decided to-day was com
menced.
The defendants contended that the claim
of Schmidt was barred by the statute of
limitations and that it was, further, not to
be considered, as the firm of Hill & Yard
bad been discharged of their debts.
Judge Lorigan held that, although there
was no absolute acknowledgment of the
debt in correspondence between Bonte and
Hill & Yard, there was an expressed ad
mission and promise to pay the bill, and.
he ordered that judgment be given in full
for the plaintiff. As to the insolvency
proceedings, the court held that the in
solvency laws of California had no opera
tion in New York, ana a discharge of the
defendants from their liability of indebted
ness could not affect the plaintiff's claim.
A stay of execution was granted the
defendants.
MARRIAGE OR A PRISON CEZh.
failure to Keep a Betrothal Pledge Geta
a Man Into Trouble.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 28.— Mary Rose,
a Portuguese young woman, swore to a
complaint before Justice Beegs this morn
ine cbarKing-Antone V. Perry with failing
to carry out his promise of marriage. The
girl says that Perry and herself have been
lovers for two years, during which time he
led her to believe lie would marry her,
and now he refuses to make his promise
good.
Perry was arrested and taken into
court. His examination was set for March
4. Bail was lixed at $500. .
■ — ' ' " . ♦ .'
Democratic Convention Called.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 28.— The Demo
cratic City Central Committee has named
the evening of March 12 for holding the
city convention to make nominations for
th April election. The nominations will
be for Mayor, Treasurer, Street Commis
sioner, Chief of Police and a Councilman
and a School Trustee from each of the four
wards.
Iliijh Court Delegates -.Vnmcrf.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 28.— Court Gar
den City No. 7752, A. O. F., has elected
F. W. Hogan and M. Perry delegates to
the Subsidiary High Court of the Pacific
Coast, which meets in Eureka in May. F.
X. Hernandez and H. Kelley were elected
alternates. Miss Lena Gunther and Mrs.
C. Gregg will represent Garden City Circle
No. 130, Companions of the Forest of the
A. O. F., at the High Court of the Com
panions of the Forest at the same place.
TOY-PISTOL CAPS EXpLODE.
Terrible Burnt Received by a Precocious
San tfote 1 <i<i .
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 28.— Clinton de
Poister, a 10-year-old boy, while playing
with a toy pistol at iris home in Santa
Clara yesterday, had his left hand and thigh
badly burned by the explosion of a quan
tity of paper caps in his coat pocket. A
bunch of matches in the boy's pocket be
came ignited, touching off the caps. The
boy's cries summoned his mother, who
smothered the flames, but not before the
child's hand was frightfully burned.
SAXTA CRUX IXJUSCTIOS.
City Treaturer .Permanently Jiestrained
From Payinri Ifnfcr Worku Bonds.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 28.— Tne de
fendants in tbe case of I. L. Thurber and
thirteen others, resident taxpayers of this
city for eight years, against C. E. Wil
liams, City Treasurer, the City Water
Company, the Holland Trust Company
and Coffin & Stanton, having failed to
answer the prayer of plaintiffs for a per
petual .injunction restraining the City
Treasurer from paying any moneys in dis
charge of principal or interest of the
$400,000 first mortgage bonds of the city
water works, the plaintiffs have taken au
yantage of the default, and the temporary
injunction issued last June will be made
perpetual and will be signed by Judge
Breen in tne stead of Judge Logan, the
presiding Judge of the Superior Court.
RENO LAND IN LITIGATION.
Valuable Property That May
Pass Into the Possession
of a Halfbreed.
Disposed of Originally by a Man Who
Had Forged a Power of
Attorney.
CARSON, New, Feb. 28.— The Evening
News publishes the following: Papers
were filed this afternoon with the clerk of
the United States court which will cause
considerable anxiety to persons c*n land in
the vicinity of Reno. These papers are
signed by the Attorney-General of the
United States and United States Attorney
C. A. Jones, and allege as follows:
Charles Musso, a Sioux half-breed, re
sided on a reservation in Minnesota on
July 17, 1854, when Congress passed the
act giving to every Sioux half-breed 480
acres of any Government lands that were
unsurveyed or subject to pre-emption.
Five pieces of script were issued for said
Charles Musso, whicn, it is alleged, he
never received. The script was taken pos
session of by a special commissioner of the
United States, appointed by the same act
of Congress. He forwarded it to the Su
perintendent of Indian Affairs in Minne
sota, who advertised lor the owner, Charles
Musso.
The script was soon claimed by W. S.
Chapman of Nevada, who presented a
power of attorney for said Charles Musso,
which was signed in Hennepin, Minnesota,
July 9, 1863. As such attorney, in fact, he
executed a pretended relinquishment and
received the script. The paper was, it is
alleged, nothing more or less than a
forgery. Chapman applied for a patent on
the land, which is near Reno, and received
it on beptember 15, IMH.
In the meantime Musso turned up, and,
upon beinz maue acvuainted with his
rights, applied for the script in April, 1892,
and in this way the fraud was discovered.
The establishment of the allegation, it is
expected, will make the patent void, and
the title of those now enjoying its benetits
will be worthless and it will become the
property of the half-breed Indian. Twenty
one private individuals and the Sierra
Nevada Lumber Company will be defend
ants in the case. Chapman was well known
io Nevada in early days.
Suicide of a Tacoma Man.
TACOMA, WASH., Feb. 28.— James L.
Lewis, the bookkeeper of the Tacoma
Trading and Transportation Company,
stepped out of his office this afternoon,
walked through a warehouse to the wharf,
placed the muzzle of a 44-caliber revolver
in his mouth and pulied the trigger.
Lewis leaves a widow and a seven-year
old son. He was very well known. His
parents live at Uniontown, Or. The cause
of the act is believed to be the possibility
that he would soon lose his position.
. o NEW TO-DAY.
JL V-^ JHL
a^^ I%^ "*T I l-JT T
—ON THIS—
—EARTH—
i
!
Can you find better READY-MADE SUITS at
any price than in our Ready-Made Clothing
Department. Being Wholesale Manufacturers
in the wholesale district where the rents are
low, we can undersell ALL others.
<^ Ir7 ElC\ Black Cla y' Worsted 1 Frock Suits, silk lined
I / .ITjV throughout, dressy, fashionable and elegantly :
*r * ■ "^^^ tailored. You wouM be lucky to find so good a
■ d auit for twice the price outside of our store.
fl\^"\ C rf^V Trr( ed3 that compel admiration. No such
b^^| goods ever before offered at the price.
C^O ET r\ Black, Brown and. Gray Cassimeres, stylish cut ?; :
H J3\J/ fine tinish, equal to usual $15 suits at clothiers'.
C£Q ELr\ P merft9 »:: plain checks, more wear than
JPObOU beaut y- mor e beauty than the average.
$7 RH S. and f o^a G , J Cas6iraer Sin-le and Double ■' •.
\J) / ,OU : brea£ Sack buits Durable, neat, well made. - :
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS
our number 54| MARKET ST. v
Do not be deceived by firms using a similar name. Only branch hous.
lo San Francisct— Montgomery atrceu \
■ it-..--'.'"" „•-"'•■, -----..■' » J _ ' . i ■
HORSES STARVING
NEAR MODESTO
Scores of Blooded Animals
Dying on the Canty
Ranch.
IN A BARREN PASTURE.
The Thoroughbreds Said to Be
the Property of " White
Hat" McCarty.
FIFTY HAVE ALREADY DIED.
Their Owner Will Not Pay for Feed
ing the Stock— An Agreement
Broken.
MODESTO, Cal., Feb. 28.— A band of
between 250 and 300 thoroughbred horses
are dying of starvation at the ranch of J.
B. Canty, twelve miles south of Modesto.
The animals are the property of Dan Mc-
Carty, known to turfmen of the United
States as "White-hat" McCarty.
McCarty and Canty entered into an
agreement by which Canty was to pasture
the stock and be paid monthly in advance.
The first month's payment was made, but
no more. Notice was served by Canty,
then he refused to feed the stock without
pay, leaving the horses in a barren pas
ture. About fifty have starved to death
and still McCarty faiis to pay. Canty can
not liberate the animals for fear of a dam
age suit and cannot claim them for their
feed.
McCartv's first experience in this county
was on the West Side, where he leased C.
C. Eastin's ranch, never paid the rent ana
waa ejected by the Sheriff.
FRESNO'S RABBIT DRIVE.
All Preparations for the Annihilation of the
Vineyardists' Little Enemies Are
Completed.
FRESNO, Cal.,. Feb. 28.— The final pre
parations for the great rabbit drive and
slaughter to-morrow have been made.
Field Marshal Muller has completed his
list of appointments of aids and lieuten
ants. This list will comprise about thirty
persons on horseback, among whom are
Butler B. Minor, J. M. Collier, Judge
Crichton, Juage Short, Fulton T. Berry,
M. Page Minor, Harry W. Skinner, D.
Clarence Minor, 15. R. Porter, George P.
Thorton, A. L. Hobbs, R. M. Thompson
and W. J. Dickey.
The slaughter-corral is located east of
McMallen station on the Tracy division of
the Southern Pacitic Railroad. In the
early morning the colonists of Caruthers
and Easton will start the rabbits from their
localities toward the line of march- This
main army of rushers will be arranged in
crescent shape, with the points on a
straight line with the two strings of fenc
ing. The great mass of humanity will
then move to the westward, the center
aiming directly for the corral. As the Una
moves forward" it will gradually contract,
so that by the time t lie fence-lines are
reached the crowd will be from four to six
deep. The line, at ttie time of forming,
will be about five miles in length.
Many visitors are in Fresno to see the
slaughter, and the town will be almost de
populated to-morrow when the drive he
gins.
SSOWSLIDE IX THE CASCADES.
Complete Jtloefcade on the Great Northern
Hailroad.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 2S.— The land
and snow slide on tue Great Northern in
the Cascade Mountains has developed into
the most disastrous one in the history of
the road. Rocks, trees and earth were
swept down the mountain sides, carrying
away snowsheds, bridging and tracks.
There has been in consequence a complete
blockade since Monday night, and through
trains will probably not be running again
before Sunday evening.
34
SANTA BARBARA'S
CRAZED ASSASSIN
Father Fredinand's Slayer
Rejoices Over His
Deed.
ONCE IN AN ASYLUM.
It Is Learned That Krusemeyer
Had Been Incarcerated at
Stockton.
THE DYING PBIEST'S WORDS.
Urged the Murderer to Escape Before
the Officers of the Law
Arrived.
SANTA BARBARA, Cat.., Feb. 2S.—
Although Father Superior Ferdinand
Bergemeyer died at sundown last night
the tidings of his death did not reach his
murderer until . this morning. When
Jailer Arellanes opened Assassin Kruse
meyer's cell this morning he told the pris
oner that the man he had shot was dead.
Krusemeyer did not seem surprised, but
his manner rather indicated that he was
greatly pleased. He laughed and ap
peared delighted and his first speech was:
"lam glad of it, ana I am proud of my
act in kilting him."
When told by Arellanes that he would
hang ior the crime he returned:
"All right; 1 am ready for it any time.
Yes," he continued, "I know folks tnink I
am crazy, but I don't believe in pounding
my head ajrainst the cell ni.chts, Keeping
other prisoners awake,simply to satisfy the
outside worl that I am crazy."
'When asked why he f.r<s.l so many shots
into his victim he jokingly replied:
"He is a big man and thick through. It
takes lots of powder to co through, SO I
thought I would make sure of him."
Krufenieyer alleged thai he k:.!t: the
aged father because the latter ste so much,
adding, "But he wa« a bad man, ha I at
my trial 1 will have much to say about
v.li he done it Carpenteria, I'd have
killed more if I had a chance,." He posi
tively asserted that after he had shot
lather Ferdinand the latter said: "You'd
betterrun and get out of town as soon as
you can. -They'll catch you if you don't."
A Coroner's jury, consisting of nine busi
ness men, to-day rendered a verdict ihat
ihe priest died from gunshot wounds ml
i cted by Bernard Henry Gerhart, Kruse
nieyer, a «erv-int at the mission. The jury
went to the jail and closely interrogated
the prisoner. The letter's memory was
peifectly clear regarding the most minute
events of the past seventeen years, and
following, his career year by year,
the jurors accidentally stumbled onto
the important fact that Krusemeyer
was sent to the Stockton asylum from
Ventura a few years ago, but was dis
charged three days after his arrival. To
the jury he stated that his reason for mur
dering tbe priest was that he had it on
his niina that the old man had kiileci one
of six Spanish girls, regular attendants
upon the services held in Carpenteria, at
tbe house of one Rodriguez. He acknowl
edged that he had no reason for this be
lief aside from his own mental impres
sion?, and professed himself perfectly will
ing to hanp if he had made a mistake.
The funeral of the father superior will
be held from the old mission to-morrow
morning at 8:30 o'clock. The body will
be interred in the old Durial ground beside
the church, which has not been opened
ior many years.
THE MILL VALLEY STRIKE
Scenic Railway Contractors Say
They Can Get All the
Men They Want.
An Incident Showing the Unpopu
larity of the Construction
Company.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Feb. 28.— The
California Constrnction Company professes
to care little whether the laborers em
ployed in the building of the Mill
Valley and Mount Tamalpais Scenic Rail
road go on a strike or not. One of the
head men said to-day, in discussing the
situation, that it did not matter one iota
whether they left or not, as there were
hundreds of men willing to step right into
their places. The company admits that a
Tiumber of men have deserted the camp,
but consider the matter ot no importance.
Many men who claim to have been
promised positions as graders on the
mountain road are stranded in Mill Val
ley, and have been compelled to go from
house to house begging for food. One old
fellow, whose case was brought to the at
tention of tiie Call's correspondent, said
thai be had been workhm for the last week
in one of the stables in order to get to
trether enough money to pay his fare back
to San Francisc.i.
He said he had been promised a position
on the mountain road, but had not got it.
He liad been talKing with the men and
tliey said everything was vile, the work —
ten hours a day — was hard and the food
hardly fit to eat.
The people of Mill Valley have no love
for the construction company and show
it this week in a very decided manner.
The Volunteer Fire Department here
owns a large triangle wliich banes over
the entrance to their hall and was formerly
used to give the alarm in case of tire.
The instrument is never used any more,
ami has been hanging idle for a long time.
<>;ie of the timekeepers for the construc
tion company happened to see it and,
thinking it might come in handy at camp
to call in the men to supper, took ie down
and carted it away.
Some one saw "him in the act and in
formed the Chief of the Fire Department,
who consulted with others, and finally
swore out a warrant for the man's arrest
for petty larceny.
A search-warrant was issued, and Dep
utj Constable E. E. (iray searched the
construction company's camp and found
the triangle.
Both the trianele and the time
keeper were brought before the Justice of
the Peace, Thomas FottrelJ, who imposed
a tine and allowed the man to depart.
Every day some men come down from
the mountain disgusted and penniless, for
any who leave the employ of the construc
tion company before their week is up arc
made to forfeit 10 per cent of their wages.
Added to their other troubles some of the
laborers are covered with poison oak and
suffer great discomfort.
. . -T-. • "...
JMil!:S> O Jt'AMILT JX ZUCK.
Charles Cronlhilr and J!i» Xtro Sisters
: Are Heirs to 9250,000*.
FRESNO, Cai... Feb. 28.— Jasper
Cronkhite estate at Amsterdam, Holland,
wherein the Churches of Oakland are dis
tant heirs, has three direct claimants to
snug sums from said estate here in Fres
no. They are Charlea Cronkhite, a * bar
tender in the Mint saloon: Miss Lizzie
Cronkhite, saleslady for Sachs it Heringhi
of this city, and Mrs. William Maxwell
(nee Cronkhite), whose husband is the
driver of hose cart 1.
In conversation with a Call correspon
dent here to-day the lirst named gentle
man said that from the most reliable in
formation available he feit sure that he
would receive about $55,000 as his propor
tion of the estate, which has been esti
mated to be worth $42,000,000. If Charles
is entitled to the sum named by him his
two sisters will get a like amount.
TACOMA 3111.111 AMh.y AOITATKI).
Captain'Jttlllng* of Company <} Charged
lt'itU Many Irregularities.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 2S.— The in
quiry court ordered by Adjutant-General
F. A. Boutelle of Olympia, who has in
structed Colonel Scott, inspecto r-general
of the State National Guard, to make an
immediate and complete investigation
into the conduct of Captain C. W. Billings
of Company G, this city, has caused great
agitation [among militiamen iiere. The
inspector-general is ordered to investigate
the caxise and responsibility of the loss of
a large amount of equipment belonging
to Company G, of which Billingß ie com
mander. The affairs of the company have I
been run in a ver\ loose and unbusiness
like manner for some time.
As Captain Billings is at present with
out bondsmen, being unable to procure
any, he will probably be dishonorably dis
charged from the service.
Colonel \Y. J. Fife. Colonel Scott, Cap
tain llowell and Lieutenant Clark consti
tute the board of inquiry.
FIMMM Fishermen Missing. I
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 28.'— Taconia's
list of miosung people is increased by two.
Henry Scogg and Charles Sampson, cod
fishermen, were out on the sound in the
storm yesterday and have not returned.
It -.? feared they were drowned.
JlUt: I-\ A HHi JiI.OCK.
Xothing Cnn Snrt the Structure, and
Lire* .4rf in Tinnger.
btTLUTH, Minn., Feb. 29.— Fire broke
out at J o'clock this morning in the
O'Brien-Knowlton block on Michigan
«:-eei. The building, which is four stories
:s owned by wholesale produce con
cerns. The upper stories are occupied by
families. A strong wind is blowing, and
l: can save the structure.
It is feared several lives have been lost.
Seve ral persons were injured by jumping
from the third and fourth stories.
The building will be a total loss.
Arcata J.umbrr .Vi/7* Burned.
EVREKA, Cai.., Feb. 2*.— The Warren
Creek mill, owned by Isaac Minor of
Arcata, was totally destroyed by tire last
ni^ht. A large quantity of shingles and
shakes was also consumed. The loss is
estimated at $30,000, about one half of
whioh was covered by insurance. It is not
known how th» tire originated.
XyVOOR JIECORDS BItOKKS,
liieycUttß Stake fast Time at th-e IHil-
icitiikee Exposition.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Feb. 28.— Three
indoor bicycle records were broken to
night on the track, at the Exposition build
ing. Walter C. Sander of Milwaukee rode
half a mile in 1:09, clipping six seconds
from John H. Johnson's record made on
the same track. Henry Kanaska of Mil
waukee went a mile in"2:2f>, the previous
record being 2:38. J. Bezenek of Chicago
succeeded in clipping 14 4-5 seconds off the
two-mile record, making the distance in
5:05 1-5. All of these races were unpaced.
The six-day ladies' bicycle race ended to
night in a victory for' Lizzie Glaw, who
covered 272 12-13 miles in fifteen hours.
Lillie Williams, the "Omaha Cyclone,"
was second.
IOIGHT OX THE STREET.
Fatal Termination of a Dentist's Quarrel
With an Ansintant.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 27.-A deadly
shooting affray, wherein one of the victims
died upon the street amid an excited
throng, occurred here at 5 o'clock this
evening. Dr. Edward A. Dill, a dentist at
810 North Broadway, had as his assistant
J. J. Seaman, The two quarreled this aft
ernoon, and Seaman shot Dill in the right
breast. The doctor returned the fire as he
fell. Seaman stagpered to the street with
blood spurtinc from a hole In his side and
expired on the sidewalk at Broadway and
Morgan streets. Dr. Dill was removed to
his home at 913 North Compton avenue.
His wound is dangerous. Seaman was
aged 21 and single.
ITHI Tiox Four Round*.
NEW YORK, X. V., Feb. 28.— Peter
Maher, the Irish champion pugilist, will
box four rounds to-morrow night with
Fitzsimmons in Madison-square Garden.
Maher's manager telegraphed from Pitts
burg late this evening that Maher will pos
itively be on hand. Fitzsimmons will box
four rounds each with Maher, Paddy
Brennan and Captain James 0. Daly.
fTith the Vtmnst Contempt.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 27.— The at
tempt that was made by Ernest F. Bir
mingham of the Fourth Estate to have W.
M. Laffan, publisher of the Sun. indicted
for criminal lib*), came to a farcical end
ing in the Tombs Police Court to-day.
The presiding Judge dismissed the com
plaint with tho utmost contempt.
Showered Them With Gol«d
The marshals were showered with gold.
Berthier had 1,000,000 francs, Ney, Davout,
Soult and Bessieres UOO.OOO each, Massenaj
Augereau, Bernadotte, Mortier and Victor
400,000 apiece and the rest 200,000. But
even this was nothing to what some of
them secured later by holding several
oiiices at once. At one time Berthier had
a yearly income of 1,555,000 francs, Davout
of 910.000. Ney of 728,000 and Massena of
683,000. The ministers were able to secure
salaries averaging about 200,000 francs and
enibassadors had incomes corresponding
to their diernky. Caulaincourt, the ablest
of them all, had 800,000 francs at Peters
burg wherewith to support the imperial
state ol France. It is interesting to note
from Napoleon's letters that he had occa
sionally to admonish some of these gentle
men to make use of their titles.— March
Century.
Charles Lamb Wrote for Antiquity.
Once and again, it would seem, a man is
born into the world belated. Strayed out
of a past age, he comes among us like an
alien, lives removed and singular, and
dies a stranger. There was a touch of this
strangeness in Charles Lamb. Much as
he was loved and befriended, he was not
much understood; for he drew aloof in his
studies, affected a "self-pleaping quaint
ness" in his style, took no pains to hit the
taste of his day, wandered at sweet liberty
in an age which could scarcely .have bred
another. "Hang the age!" he cried. "I
will write for antiquity." And he did.
He wrote as if it were still Snakspere's
day; made the authors of that spacious
time his constant companions and study,
and deliberately became himself "the laxt
of the Elizabethans." When a new book
came out, he said, he always read an old
one.— Professor Woodrow Wilson in the
March Century.
Take Rational Cask of Yom Cor.n at Once,
by using Dr. D. Jayne's Expectorant, and you will
save much worry hikl rendPrlfss llkPly the devel
opment of a dangerous Throat or Lung Disease.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 29, 1896.
FISH HATCHERIES
OF CALIFORNIA.
How the Output of Salmon
Has Been Materially
Increased.
MILLIONS ARE SPAWNED
Canneries That Were Forced to
Close Are Now Running
Again.
NEED OF STATE PROTECTION.
Laws Compelling the Maintaining of;
Wardens Should Be
Passed.
SACRAMENTO. Cat.., Feb. 28.— John
T. Habeock, Chief Deputy of the Fish and
Gome Commission, was before the Board
of Examiners to-day to explain a bill dis
allowed at a previous meeting because of
some irregularity in the method of making
out the clann.
The Governor and Secretary Brown
seized the opportunity to inform them
selves as to the workings of the commis
sion, and plied Mr. Babcock with ques
tions relative thereto.
Mr. Babcock said that the benefit de
rived to the State by the salmon and other
Sab hatcheries was becoming more appa
rent every year. In 18fK) the scarcity of
fish caused t lie canneries to close, while in
1895 over 15,000 cases were packed. The
principal salmon hatchery was at Battle
Creek, one of the tributaries of the Sacra
mento. The main hatchery was situated
on Hat Creek, but was too far up, and was
not a success, for the reason that the fish
did not run up that far during the spawn
ing season.
The Hat Creek hatchery, which had been
erected at a cost of $46,000, was now aban
doned, and the money it cost was, he said,
a total loss. At the Battle Creek hatchery
'J0, 000,000 eggs were secured and hatched
last season, and if means had been at hand
at least double that number of fish could
have been turned out.
This hatchery, Mr. Babcock believed,
should be enlarged. The bed of the river
at the mouth of the creek had changed so
as to form a system of lagoons, and into
these lagoons the salmon went to deposit
their eggs. These eggs were caught on
rocks, which were laid for that purpose.
Twice as many eggs could be caught if the
facilities ot the hatchery would enable
them to be handled.
Mr. Babcock claims that the patrol
svsteni is not so complete as it should be.
It is his opinion that some way should be
found to pass a law, that would not be
special legislation, to compel each county
to appoint and maintain a game warden.
In speaking of the obstacles met with
by the commission Mr. Babock cited a
case where a County Supervisor was on
trial at Ukiah for killing a deer. The deer
had been found in the possession of the
defendant, but the trial resulted in an ac
quittal, and the attorney for the defense
afterward made the boast that the man
who really killed the deer sat on the jury
in the trial.
In another case a deputy warden ar
rested a man for killing quail and was in
turn arrested for taking a bunch of grapes
from a vineyard, and the officer was told
by the District Attorney that if he would
consent to a dismissal of the charge against
the person who violated the game laws
the charge against him would also b8 dis
missed.
HASQVERADEIt AS A FRIEST.
A. Sacratnentan Knocked />©«•« When ELt
Kmtrged front a JiaUrootn.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 28.— Robert
Scholtz attended the mask ball given
under the auspices of the Turn Verein
last night in the hood and cassock of a
priest. He also carried a small box orna
mented with a cross, to represent a prayer
book, and succeeded in causing consider
able comment and enmity — In fact so
much that he claims that he received sev
eral warnings during the evening that he
must either doff the costunie or leave the
hall. This Scholtz refused to do, and the
consequence was that when he left the
hall ai tho conclusion of the dance he was
set unon by three unknown men, who
knocked him down and administered to
him a severo beating. The trio then
sprang into a hack which was in waiting
and escaped.
It is stated that Scholtz received his
punishment because it was supposed that
lie dressed to imitate the late ISishop Ma
noguc, and as he carried a bottle of whisky
in his imitation prayer-book, from which
he drank from time to time, it was con
sidered a gross insult.
MAY BE INDICTED.
Mi" Ov«rtnan'it Confession Will <1o Re-
fun- the <irun«l Jury.
There is a chance for Mattie Overman to
be indicted for the crimo which she has
confessed.
In regard to the testimony of Miss
Overman, wherein she made a confession
that sho joined a blackmailing conspiracy
and forged letters, the foreman of the
Grand Jury was yosterday askod if the
matter had been brought "officially before
the jiiryiand he replied that it had not.
District Attorney Barnes was askod if it
would be his duty to submit the Overman
confession of conspiracy and forgery to the
Grand Jury. He replied that the knowledge
now possessed was simply garnered from
reports of the trial.
If at the conclusion of the church in
quiry it should be shown that the con
spiracy to blackmail and the forgery al
leged had been committed within the
time specified in the statute, the Grand
Jury would be so advised. At the present
time Dr. Brown occupied in a sense the
relation of client to the District Attorney's
office, and to intervene while the church
trial was in progress would seem highly
improper.
ROYAL SMOKEES.
Illustrious Lovers of the Weed Who
Enjoy Pipe and Cigar.
Lovers of the weed can find illustrious
examples in the following great smokers
of the world in case of an armiment
wherein their favorite pastime may be at
tacked.
No one is fonder of his briarwood pipe
than King Leopold of Belgium, and the
pagoda of the bronze elephant that stands
on the mantelpiece of his sanctum at
Laekeu is filled regularly every morning
with a fragrant mixture of the finest birds
eye and honeydew.
Another devotee of the pipe is the Duke
of York, and probably the most trusted
confidant of his thoughts, as well as bis
oldest friend, is a very grimy and badly
burnt briarwood pipe of the "cutty" order
of architecture, which lie h * s natl in b ) s
possession ever since his midshipman's
days, when it used to be smoked surrep
titiously. The young Czar of Russia fol
lows his ducal cousin's example in this re
spect, and the Prince of Wales is a con
firmed pipe-smoker.
The late Emperor Frederick was devoted
to his pipe, one of those porcelain-bowled
German arrangements, and never looked
more genial and kindly than when he had
it daneling from his lips. His so "< Em
peror William, however, restricts himself
to cheap cigars, of which he smokes an
extraordinary quantity. ,
Archduke JosepU of Austria, the head of
the Hungarian branch of the reigning fam
ily, is the only living member of the house
of llapsburg who may occasionally be seen
smoking one of tliose cherrywood pipes
that are so common among the Hungarian
and Austrian peasantry, although the
Crown Prince Rudolph, as well as the late
Archduke Albrecht, the generalissimo of
the Austro-Hunearian armies, used both
to prefer this form of smoking to any
other.
The Emperor of Austria himself, who is
a great smoker, restricts himself to those
awful so-called Virginia cigars, which,
manufactured of the rankest tobacco at
Trieste, have a straw running right through"
the middle of them, in order to enable
them to draw, and are so green that they
have to be held in the flame of a lighted
candle or spirit-lamp a considerable time
before they will condescend to ignite.
King Humbert of Italy is addicted to
identically the same kind of weed, of which
he receives every New Year a case of 10,000
from his imperial ally at Vienna. — Cincin
nati PZnquirer.
WILLIS POLK INDIGNANT.
Says His Stevenson Monument
Was Not Complete When
Rejected.
Biuce Porter Intimates That the Un
draped Condition of the Dolphins
Displeased Supervisors.
According to its creator when the Super
visors rejected the design for a memorial
fountain on Brenham place to .Robert
Louis Stevenson they rejected not a com
pleted design, but an idea only, executed
in the rough of what the design would re
semble when finished.
Architect Willis Polk is wroth at the
outcome of the affair. "It is just this
way," said he. "Over a year ago Bruce
Porter and I beoran talKing over the propo
sition of designing a memorial fountain to
Stevenson. This was only a short time
after his death.
"Mr. Porter prepared this sketch," he
continued, exhibiting a design that closely
resembles the one that fell into the Super
visors' hands. It pictured a finely pro
portioned and curiously shaped shaft, sur
mounted by a dial and two dolphins —
above wnicb was a snip under full sail. At
the base of the snaft was the dragon's
head spout and below the curving basin
for the water.
"This," said Mr. Po'k, "is in itself a
most beautiful production, and nothing
could he more true to the noble nature of
Stevenson. The ship shows iiis ad
venturous spirit, the shaft his manly
simplicity. Mr. Porter gave this to me to
modify and make architectural, and I
changed it slightly as yon observe, adding
a molding to enliven tlie face of the shaft
and to harmonize it all with the archi
tecture of the buildings around it. I added
some ornate consoles and a few other little
things. But I still was not thoroughly
satisfied, and laid it by awaiting an in
spiration. You can't design one of these
things to order, you know. Mr. Porter
sent a boy to the office one day. I was
away, and my oilice-boy gave to him the
design which I had altered. I would have
advised Mr. Porter differently had I been
here, but the design got before the Super
visors in its uncompleted stage and al
most before I knew about it.
"We have all been working on it,
Douglass Tilden has suggested two col
unir.s with the basin between. I ex
pect a letter at the end of the week from
the architect in Boston."
Bruce Porter said: "It was certainly a
great injustice to Mr. Polk to have the de
sign passed upon as it was and to give
him all the censure of its unpopularity
with the Supervisors. I handed it in, I
acknowledge now, too hastily, but I had
been urged to do so a great many times by
the Supervisors. The idea was originally
my own, and Mr. Polk endeavored to
practicalize it, as it were. It was not by
any means a completed thing though. It
has received favorable comment in the
large cities in the East, but the Super
visors here seem to have still higher ideas
than the Boston critics. We shall change
the preliminary idea, however, but the
elemental idea will remain — the ship and
dial. The dolphins were undrapeu — ah,
perhaps that displeased them."
HE WAS WAITING.
Things Looked Gloomy, but He Had
Hojm-s of Waving a Jtit of Fun.
lie sat on a log in front of his shanty,
smoking i-onio aort of leaves or weeds in
his home-mnde pipe, and when I rode up
and Baiutod him I thought him the most
melancholy individual I ever saw.
•'Down on your luck?" I queried, as I
offer him soino smoking tobacco.
"Wall, no," lie slowly replied. "Lost
my mewl by snuke bite t'other day, but
aicli thing! sir' to bo expected."
"You don't look well."
"Qnesa not; I've bin sick fur about three
months, and this is .my fust day out. We
must expecl sickness, howpver/ 1
"Wife and children well?"
"Wife run nwny Instweek, and the seven
young 'una nr'hi.'tliar with chills and
fever. I wns kindcrdlscouraged this morn
in\ but I'm ffslin' quito chirky now."
"I 6ce you huvo no crops in, I said as I
looked over tho rank Belas.
"Not n crop, and I'm kinder glad on it.
I won't hey no hustlin' to do this fall."
"Haven't vm<i iiny poultry or livestock?"
VNoap. Ilnd to Mil my cow last winter,
and tho COyotSl carried off the chickens.
Mad two hogf, but 'they died of cholera.
Btoan no livestock to worry about.'.'
"ThiH old shanty of yours is ready to
tumble down."
"That's ii fact, stranger. She leaks like
nn old boot nud Kin hardly stand alone.
Keckon tho fust hi^h wind will blow her
all in a heap." '.'"*%.
"Provisions pretty scarce?" I persisted,
seeing bfl wuh willing to talk.
"Dunno. All wo live on is johnny cake
and corn coffee. Hhouldn't wonder,
though, if pcrvishuns were kinder
skeorce."
"Your nearest neighbor must be all of
three miles nway?".
■ "Three miles was the nighest, but he's
dead. The nighest one now is five miles
away." v
''And don't you got lonely V
"Never."
"But will you tell me what on earth you ■
' are living lor?"
"I will, stranger—l will!" he answered as
he got up and throw a . piece of sod at a
barking pup dog. "This 'ere claim is wuth
about $500." '
"Yes."
"And she's mortgaged for $600.'.' ,
"Yes."* ,:- , ■ .- ■' '.'■'_.,■ :'■ ■ ■
"And the moneys all gone an'theruort'
gage is to be foreclosed next month."
"I see." -■'. . " . -.
• "Wall, I'm livin' to see the fun when,
the fule who lent $600 on $500 wuth of land
cits around yere to foreclose on me and
take possession. Arter that I'm goin' out j
and let a snake bite me and die !"— Detroit j
Free Press. •' / ' , r
Fish are always sold alive in Japan,
SAN BERNARDINO
BRIDE ABDUCTED
Spirited Away From Her
Home by Disgruntled
Parents.
SHE CANNOT BE FOUND.
The Husband of a Few Days Has
Searched in Vain for His
Young Mate.
HE SWEARS DIRE VENGEANCE.
Hypnotism the Claim Upon Which the
Old Folks Would Set Aside
the Match.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Feb. 28.—
An enraged father, a missing bride and a
disconcerted husband'are the principals in
a local romance that threatens to end in
tragedy. The spiriting away of a bride of
a few days from the husband's home by
the parents of the young woman is the
cause of the trouble. The old folks al
lege that their daughter was hypnotized
when the wedding occurred, which fact
renders the proceeding null.
On Wednesday last Jsiss Lelia McGarr
of San Bernardino wa3 married to George
Banford of Highland by Justice ol the
Peace Koule of this city. The honeymoon
had hardly set in when there came a
ciiange over the domestic relations of Mr.
and Mrs. Banford and the Mcfiarrs. The
young couple had hardly become settled
in their little home at Highland when in
marched the bride's father.
Banford was absent and the bride, listen
ing to her father's words, either consented
or was forced to desert her own home and
go to that of her parents. Since then her
husband has not seen her, although he
has searched diligently to locate her.
The husband declares he will have his
wife or blood will How. The father claims
his daughter was hypnotized and knows
nathing ot her marriage to Ban ford and
says she will not live with him. Mrs. Ban
ford is a beautiful young woman, 13 years
of age, and has borne an excellent reputa
tion. Her father is an old mountaineer
and trouble will follow if B.inford attempts
to abduct his wife.
WHAT FATIGUE IS.
One of the Chief Dangers Arising
From It.
Fatigue i 3 the natural result of labor,
and as such is a periodic symptom with
which every healthy person is familiar.
It is one of the laws of organic life that
periods of relaxation shall succeed periods
of activity. The heart itseJf is normally
in repose for about one-third of the time
consumed by each beat — a fact m which
there is something particularly suggestive
and interesting, sineo physiologists ajjree
that about one- third of the twenty-four
hours should be devoted to sleep.
Life is made up of a series of vibrations
in which tension and rest succeed each
other. The heart vibrates about seventy
times a minute; the vibrations of the
respiratory organs occur about sixteen
times in the same period; while the vibra
tions of the whole organism may be said
to complete their cycle once in twenty
four hours. Abnormal fatigue, a state ap
proaching exhaustion, occurs when one
attempts to alter nature's rhythm, when
the hours of tension are made to encroach
upon those which should be devoted to
rest, when muscle and nerve already
fatigued are driven to further exertion.
Fatigue of a kind known as over
training results, in the ca^e of the athlete,
in heart weakness and shortness of
breath— "loss of wind," as it is called;
while the long-continued fatigue occa
sioned by excessive application to profes
sional or business pursuits results in ner
vous prostration, or even in paralysis.
While excessive fatigue is in itseif un
wise, one of the chief dangers which re
sults from it is that commonly indicated
by the term "catching cold." Thus the
danger of sitting in a draught or on the
damp ground is many times doubled after
great exertion. The application of heat
to the surface is a more logical procedure
after extreme fatigue.
Loss of sleep is one of the first symptons
of abnormal fatigue. Habitual insomnia
from this cause is to be treated only in
one way, by absolute rest. — Youths' Com
panion".
NEW TO-DAY.
The Star Cigar.
It shines above all
others.
The perfection of Cigar- matin* is em-
bodied in the New Lstrella. New crop
Havana leaf, in new light colors, aJI mild.
Now sizes, popular prices— 2 for 25c. 3 for
25c and 100 straight.
ESBERG. BAOHMAN & CO.,
Wholesalers.
| NEW TO-DAT.
(FROM A RECENT PHOTOGRAPH).
IS DOCTOR SWEANY acknowledged as San Francisco's
LEADING AND MOST SUCCESSFUL SPECIALIST?
His reputation has been established by effecting CURES of
CHRONIC DISEASES IN MEN AND WOMEN where Other
physicians of acknowledged ability had failed. Diseases
which had reached a stage before which the most skilled and
experienced physicians stood powerless have yielded to his
treatment, and praise and gratitude are received from RICH
and POOR. .
ef?« (Fl s■ Xl QTfIP and consider aright this unparal-
fl jr EJ Bl sj qUa leled and overwhelming testimony.
It means that a cure is effected of every case that is under-
taken.
CHRONIC km WASTING DISEASE^
Of the Throat, Lungs, Heart, Stomach, Bowels, Kidneys and
GENITO-URINARY ORGANS have been Doctor Sweany's study
for life. There are cases of this character which, through neg-
lect or improper treatment, are beyond medical aid, but there
are many more given up as hopeless simply because incompe-
tent physicians have failed to effect a cure. This especially
applies to diseases of the BLOOD and the GENITO-URINARY
ORGANS, and Doctor Sweany yearly saves thousands from be-
coming mental and sexual wrecks.
YOUNG, mOOLE-AGED AND OLD MEN,
If you are suffering from the effects of early indiscretions, ex-
cesses, emissions and unnatural losses, which rob the blood
of its richness and the body of its animating influences, which
enfeeble the constitution and finally result in Impotency,
Paralysis, Softening of the Brain and Insanity; if you are tor-
mented with morbid fear and your days are passed with dis-
tressing thoughts of your disease, if you are unfit for the every
day duties of life, if you have any or all of those symptoms you
are suffering from SEMINAL WEAKNESS, NERVOUS DEBIL-
ITY and their kindred causes.
THE FIRST THING TO DO
In order to get cured is to cast aside all false modesty and
place yourself under the treatment of this noted specialist.
Hisexperience in the treatment of such diseases has been
world-wide. He has cured thousands of others and CAN
CURE YOU.
GONORRHOEA, GLEET, STRICTURE, and that terrible and
loathsome disease, SYPHILIS, thoroughly and forever cured.
THE POOR, who call at his offices on Friday afternoons,
are welcome to the doctor's valuable services free of charge.
Your troubles If living away from the city. Thousands are
! cured at home by means of correspondence and medicines
sent them. Doctor Sweany's patients will get all the advan-
! tages of experience and travel in Europe with diligent study in
her best Medical Institutions. Letters are answered in ENG-
! LISH, GERMAN, FRENCH, ITALIAN, SWEDISH, NORWEGIAN
and DANISH.
NAMES of patients or their diseases are not published or
exposed, but there are thousands of testimonials on file in
Doctor Sweany's private office. They are voluntarily given as
true, deep and sincere expressions of gratitude from our mer-
chants, manufacturers, mechanics, farmers, lawyers, laborers
and literary people, who have been cured by him and made
happy. It is a part of judgment and sense to seek Doctor
Sweany first, instead of squandering away time and money
upon the uncertainties of patent medicine and picayune spe-
cialists. .
OFFICE HOURS : 9t012 A. M., 2to 5 and 7toBP. M. .■• .
Sundays, 10 to 12 A. M. only. ■.
F.L. SWEANY, M.D.,
; 737 Market Street, - •
OPPOSITE EXAMINER OFFICE, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.REPUBLICANS WILL
MEET TO-DAY.
The State Central Committee
Assembles This After
noon.
SACRAMENTO HUSTLING.
Capital City Boomers Are on
Deck to Work for the
State Convention.
A QUESTION OF PRIMARIES.
Ideas of John D. Spreckels and Various
County Committeemen on the
Situation.
The Republican State Central Commit
tee will meet at Pioneer Hall at 2 o'clock
this afternoon to fix the time and place
for holding the State convention for the
nomination of Presidential electors and
Congressmen to be voted for at the election
this fall.
The place and time where the conven
tion shall meet, and the call for a primary
election for delegates to a State conven
tion which shall make the nominations
mentioned, are the main things to be con- j
sidered by the committee. What else may j
come up as it springs, unexpected, from
the brains of the delegates cannot be fore
told.
Quite a number of the members of the
committee reached the City last evening,
but a majority of those who attend the
meeting will not arrive until to-day. The
most noticeable arrivals were those from
Sacramento, who have come to secure the
convention for that city. H. A. McCrancy
and David Lubin were bustling about in
the afternoon, and by evening E. C. Hart,
A. J. Rhodes, William Beckman, W. F.
Peterson and Frank D. Ryan had arrived
at the Grand Hotel ready for campaign
work in behalf of Sacramento and full of
the arguments about convenience, com
mittee-rooms, and so on, which are readily
advanced in behalf of the capital. San
Jose, Santa Cruz., and probably Stockton,
are in the light, bnt those cities did not
open their campaign yesterday.
A large proportion of the members of
♦he State Central Committee are expected
to be in attendance to-day, despite the ab
sence of the excitement attendant in a
year when State officers are to be nomi
nated. It is not likely that more than
routine business pertaining to the cam
paign will come tip at to-day's meeting.
John D. Spreckels was seen last evening
and was asked for his views as to the
probable action of the Republican State
Central Committee at its meeting to be
heid to-day. Mr. Spreckels said:
''There are practically but four im
portant matters which will probably come
before the committee for its consideration
at this time. These are the date of hold
ing the primary election throughout the
.-tate fot the seJection of delegates, the
< Fibice ol a.date when these delegates will
meet in convention, the naming of a place
where the convention is to meet, and the
se.?ctii;n of the basis of representation in
that convention.
"If my views were sought I should ad
vise the holding of an open primary election
throuzhout the State, particularly in the
larger and more populous cities and coun
ties. But local self-government in party
matters should not be invaded or de
stroyed. Since the Supreme Court has de
clared the new primary-election law to be
invalid we have to hold the election under
the old law. The old primary law is all
right, if honestly administered. This makes
it all the more important, notonly ihat fair
and open primaries should be held, but also
that in their conduct the utmost care
should be used by the State and County
committees to select such election officers
and surround the ballotlboxes with such
safeguards against fraud and unfairness
as will insure the honesty and purity of
the election to dp held.
"The utmost effort should also be made
to get our best citizens to the 'polls at the
primary election, for after all the best as
surance of honest politics is to be found in
the interest taken by honest and responsi
ble men in all the political steps leading
uj> to the general election."
''What have you to say, Mr. Spreckeis,
as to the basis of representation in the
next State Convention?"
•I think that the latest authentic data
I • which the distribution of Republicans
throughout the State can be determined
should be "used as the bas:s for the ap
pointment of delegates among the several
counties. This is naturally the Estee
vote. I believe that while an apportion
ment based ' upon the vote of
tiie last State election will lessen
the number of delegates from the
large cities and increase the country
vote in this connection, this will result in
good to the party by conducing to har
mony between the country and City uele
gatio'ns and giving greater satisfaction to
the bone and sinew of the party through
out the State.
"The time and manner of holding the
primaries and the place of holding the
convention will probably be decided upon
by the State Central Committee to-day,
and when that is done 1 do not see any
other matter of importance which re
quires their present consideration.
"So far as I know, the utmost harmony
prevails in the Republican party through
out the State. The City and country are
and will be together. 1 trust and believe
that the State Committee will act wisely
and harmoniously for the good of the
pan.v."
The call for the primary e'»ction for
delegates to the State Convention is per
haps the tning; of mam importance wnich
which will come before the State Commit
tee to-day It is not likely that the call
will differ much from those of preceding
years or change the habit of the Republi
can party in holding open primaries evf-ry
where for the election of convention dele
gates. The County Committee of Sun
i-'rancisco is unanimously in favor of an
open primary for this City, in which ail
Republicansshall have an equal part. d£
spite hints which have been put forward
tiiat it is ready to adopt a plan to appoint
delegates to the State Convention itself
instead of holding an open primary for
that purpose.
Every member of the County Committee
of t^an Francisco who was interviewed yes
terday expressed himself as in favor of a
primary election in this City, conducted
by the" County Committee, which alone
has proper jurisdiction, and at which every
Republican should have an equal oppor
tunity to vote and have his vote counted.
Charles W. Marawarinp, chairman of the
County Committee, said that he was un
alterably opposed to the appointment of
delegates by the County Committee and
in lavor of a primary ejection, which
f-hould be fairly and unqualiliedly open to
ever* clement of the party. He made a
brief plea for harmony, honesty and clean
ness in the party.
' My stand in" regard to the primary is,
from start to finish, that every Republican
in every district should have an equal
show," he sai-d yesterday. U I wish to see
a primary in this City at which every Re
publican can come in and express his
"•iabes. I want to see the majority rule in j
every district and I will abide by the de
cision whatever it may be. I know that
the sentiment of the County Committee
would be unalterably opposed to any idea
that delegates be appointed instead of
elected, and such an idea has never been
even suggested in the County Committee.
'•This County Committee is quite com
petent to take care of a primary in Sail
Francisco, and there has never been a Re
publican County Committee in this City
more determined to hold a fair and open.
primary in which everybody entitled to
vote will have an equal show and a fair
count. It is the policy of this County
Committee to bring all factions in the
party together, and any other policy than
the one I have in mind would have an
opposite tendency."
Joh;i Jackson, secretary of the County
Committee, expressed himself as follows:
"The only plan that I would agree to
would be an open primary, in which every
Republican would have an equal show. I
want to see the people in the various dis
tricts have an opportunity to say who
should represent them in the convention,
and 1 want to see that opportunity sur
rounded by every safeguard that can be
provided."
"I am a Republican who is for clean and
fair politics," said C. G. Clinch of the
County Committee, "and no plan but one
which would give every Republican voter
a fair and honest show regardless of his
personal affiliations would win my sup
port. I want to see the party united and
successful, and the way to secure those
ends is to have a primary election, con
ducted by the regularly constituted au
thorities/which will be fair and square iv
its relation to every voter."
"1 shall favor nothing but an open pri
mary, at which every Republican voter
may cast his ballot and have it counted,"
said Thomas McDermott, another mem
ber of the committee. "The primary in
this City must be conducted in the inter
est of the Republican party, and to be so
conducted it muse be an open one, in
which every possible element shall have
f;iir representation, and one which shall
preserve the unity of the party."
"An open primary and|a fair.show to
everybody is the only thing that will win
my indorsement," said Ambrose Watson,
the member from the Forty-third.
"1 will favor nothing but an open pri
mary election, in which every ticket shall
have an equal show and the count an
I honest one,' said P. H. Prendergast of the
I executive committee. "Clean Republican
j politics should and can rule this year, and
I that is what we shall have."
G. Bacigalupi, the insurance man, who
is also a member of the executive commit
tee, was equally insistent in the same idea.
"I believe that there is not a member of
the County Committee of San Francisco,"
he said, "who is not vigorously in favor of
an open and honest primary election at
which the will of the Republican voters in
various districts may be fairly expressed
and honestly reported. We are deter
mined this year to have a season of clean
politic?, in which the participation of all
honest and decent Republicans may be
invited."
"I am for anything in the interest of
purity and harmony in the Republican
party," said C. C. Morris, the member from
the Thirty-eighth. "I am in favor of any
thing that will lead to a clean condition of
affairs. This is especially urgent since
the defeat of the new primary law. in the
success ol which I was especially hopeful.
"I now want to see a primary election in
this City which will conduce to the inter
est of the party and give every Republican
an equal show. The present County Com
mittee was created by a method which
makes it especially representative of the
people, and it is especially representative
of the interests of the whole party.
"I know that the committee "as it is
now constituted is inclined to conserve
in a broad way the interests of the party,
and one of the chief ways in which the in
terests of the party can be conserved in
this City is by the holding of an open
primary in which the interests of every
element in every district will be pro
tected."
The proceedings of the committee will
undoubtedly be ended before evening and
tae members will be ready to enjoy the
informal reception, beginning at 9:90 p. m.,
which has been tendered by the Union
League Club at its quarters in the Palace
Hotel. There will be good fellowship, &
nice collation and possibly a number of
bearable speeches.
One of the prominent members of the
committee wno arrived yesterday was
Arthur W. Kinney of Los Angeles,"presi
dent of the League of Young Republicans,
Los Angeles, who is at the Palace.
He says there is great interest in Repub
lican politics in Southern California. The
League of Young Republicans, comprising
250 members, is to meet and hold a ban
quet next Wednesday evening. There will
be a lot of brief and direct speeches. Mr.
Kinney says that all over Los Angeles
•County there is an intense feeling in favor
of Republicanism. Four years" ago the
majority was 4000, but he would not be
surprised if it were 8000 or even more this
year. Both the Democrats and Populists
are coming into the Republican ranks.
There have been no prices for dried fruit
and the orange market has been terrible.
Everybody, so iie says, has had plenty of
Presidept Cleveland". He said:
"There is a strong sentiment down
tiiere to first find out .vho of the several
candidates mentioned is strongest for Cali
fornia—who is most friendly to Pacific
Coast interests. Down our way it is Cali
fornia first and men afterward. Any of
the names mentioned as a possible nomi
nee of the Republican Convention seems
to be good, reliable timber to make a Presi
dent from. We want to look the ground
over carefully and be sure that California
does not get left, as has been the case in
the past, and we think it poor policy to
commit our State to any man before ascer
taining what may be expected from him
and what -his chances are of a nomination.
"The question is frequently asked why
California should be put on the roHcall for
a man until that man's position is fully
denned. Why should California pledge in
advance her vote for a 'mess of pottage' ?
"Is it not a fact that the interests of the
Pacific Coast are worthy of recognition?
They never have been as yet. simply be
cause in times past it has been the rule
for our delegations to start for the conven
tion unalterably committed to an indi
vidual; hence being tied hand and foot
ami their names placed on the rollcall no
necessity existed to make any promises
for the real interests of California. Other
States more discreet waited until they
saw the way 'the cat would jump,' and
accordingly made their trades with the
winner. That is politics.
"We must send the strongest kind of a
delegation to St. Louis this year. We
must send men who have an acquaintance
with the Republican leaders in the East.
California wants something.
"Yes, Southern California is for the
nominee of the convention. At this time
McKinley appears to have the greatest
following, but Allison and Reed have
strong backing. Our people, however, are
for California lirst, and are looking for a
delegation that will properly represent
California in the oonyention on the plat
form of recognition in the next Cabinet of
Pacific Coast interests."
Following is the full list of the officers
and members of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee:
Officers— l*. B. Cornwall, chairman; D. M.
Burns-, secretary; J. D. Sprecltels, vice-chair
an; Wendell Easton, treasurer; J. Step
pacher, assistant secretary: M. R. Higgins, sec
retary campaign committee.
Executive Committee:
San Francisco — Y. B. Cornwall, Isaac Upharri,
J. H. Mahoncy, W. W. Montague, J. J. J'acobi,
H. L. Dodge, Leon Denuery : J. J. Evans, D. M.
Burns, W. ('. Johnson, David Kerr, J. I).
Spreckies, Asa R. Wells, E. C. Palmieri, W.
Easton, M. Cooney, A. Reul, K. McQuaide,
James McN'ab, H. P. Son n tag, C. Bundschu.
San Mateo— A. Hayward.
H^n Joaauin— J. A*. Doak.
Shasta— Edward Sweeney.
Sonoma — A. B. Lemmon.
Ventura— J. C. Daly.
Alameda— W. H. Ctiickcring.
Sacramento— X. C. Hart.
Ix)s Angeles— Robert Isortham.
Sama Clara— O. H. Hale.
Standing committees— Campaign, D. M.
Burns chairman; tiuance, Isaac l.'paam chair
man ; registration. L. Dennery chairman : legal,
W. 11. (hickerinpr chairman; auditing, Asa R.
Wells chairman; literature, A. B. Lemtnon
chairman; purity. Henry L. Dodge chairman.
Alaiaeda— C. EL Long, E. K. Taylor. L. lugalls,
W.W.Morrison, George Morrow, Guy C. Earl;
Alpiue, W. P. Merrill; Amador, .1. R. Muir;
>;uii*, i". McLaughliu; Calaveras, Alex Brown;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1896.
f'olusa. E. W. Jones; Contra Costa, W. S. Wells;
Del Nortc, John L. Childs; El Dorado, R. S.
| Raw; Fresno, R. M. Barstow ; Glenn, A.
Hoehlieimer; Humboldt— J- C. Bull Jr.,
■F. W. Luther;- Inyo, C. W. Craig;
! Kern, A. C. Maude; Kinsts, F. A. Dodpe; Lake,
i J. I- Reed; Lassen, Fred Hines; Los Angeles,
| II H. Rose, B. M. Haskell, J. C. Rieves, C.F.
; Webber, A. P. Kinney, George P. McLain;
' Madera, L. O. Sharp; Marin, \V. N. Anderson ;
Mariposn, J. \Y. Snyder; Mendocino, J. W.
j Manuon; Merced, T. \V. Knox; Modoc,
J. T. Laird; Mono, E. L. Reese;
I Monterey. T. J. Field; Xapa, W. A. Mackinder;
Nevada, K. P. Brown: Orange, C. S. McKeivey:
j Placer, J. H. Neff ; Plumas, V. S. Webb; River
j side. Brad Morse; Sacramento, A. J. Rlioads,
j F. A. Dareux, J. A. Burnham; San Benito,
, Tnomas Flint Jr; San Bernardino, Joseph
Brown; Baa Diego, J. C. Long, A. G. Gassen ;
San Francisco— W. -S. Russell, Gus Melslng, 1.
B. Cohn, William Smadeke, Thomas C. Duff, H.
Summers, Gus H. Umbsen, John H. Dawson, C.
W. Manwaring, G. H. Fairchild, P. A.
I Bergerot, John J. Tyrrell, William duff,
| K. C. Hughes, J. 11. Ma honey, A. Reuf, John
Martin; San Joaquin, W. C. Green; San Luis
Obispo, G. C. Rose; San Mateo, J. M. Whicher;
Santa Barbara, P. J. Barber: Santa Clara, S. F.
I Ayer, J. B. O'Keefe, J. L. Asay; Santa Cruz, J.
! R. McNeil; Shasta, J. E. Reynolds; Sierra, Dan
T. Cole; Siskiyou, George D. Butler; Solano, J.
IL. Martin ; Sonouia, A. B. Lemon, J. L. Din
widdte: Stanislaus, T. C. Hocking; Sutter. M.
E. Sanborn ; Tehama, 0. G. Ktmball; Trinity.
P. M. Paulsen; Tulare, W. S. Hayes; Tuolmmie,
J.H. Sbine; Ventura, J. C. Daly; Yolo, W. R.
Pond; Yuba, D. E. Knight.
MUSIC FOR THE MASSES
The Sousa Band Brings a Big
Audience to the Audi
torium.
Some New Marches Which Arouse
Popular Enthusiam — " King
Cotton."
Sousa and his band opened the Audi
torium under its new management last
nigbt. and the building was taxed to its
full capacity to accommodate the crowds of
march-lovers who flocked to see their old
favorite conduct again.
When the curtain went up it revealed
pretty much the same band as of yore.
Sousa, richer by a few more magnificent
medals, received quite an ovation on his
appearance. His conducting has not
changed at all. He cuides his men with the
same fetching-, Deisarte-like gestures
which have always been so dear .to the
hearts of his admirers, and he has the
same perfect command over every instru
ment on the bandstand which has char
acterized him on former visits.
In the class of music which he has made
especially his own" Sousa again showed
himself to be beyond criticism. His band
is beautifully balanced, the wood being
almost as effective as strings. The bass is
equally good and in the Sousa genre of
music the shading was most effective
and at the same time wonderfully refined
and delicate for a military band.
Sousa's limitations were shown when he
attempted Liszt's "Second Hungarian
Rhapsodic." The transcription is not so
effective for a band as is the Muller-
Berghaus orchestral arrangement, but
even taking this into consideration,
Sousa's colii, precise interpretation vul
garized the rhapsodic to the level of a
two-step polka. It was not the band that
was at tauit, but the conductor, who is
evidently lacking in the temperament
necessary to grasp the spirit of tae capri
cious Magyar music.
But the audience had not gone to hear
semi-classical works; they wanted good,
swinging Sousa marches, catcny airs and
descriptive music of the popularkind. All
tney wanted they got, with encores thrown
in, and as a reward of merit they heaped
applause on the popular conductor and his
band. There were eight numbers on the
programme, but Sousa is a past master — a
Washington past master— of managing a
popular audience. He gave encore?, and
then thrice encores to the encores, till
peonle clapped uarder than ever with sat
isfaction to think how much they weie
getting of a good thine.
Among the compositions new to this
City played last night was "'King Cotton
March," a twin brother to the "Manhat
tan Beach," "The Washington Post
March," etc., and which is sure to become
as popular as the earlier offspring of
Sousa's brain. The descriptive piece
"Three Quotations" was also good, par
ticularly the musical description of the
King of France who marched his men up
a hill and down again.
Of the soloists Arthur Peyor, the accom
plished trombonist, is already well known
iiere. Miss Myrta French, the soprano
soloist, has a sweet, flexible voice, which
she uses well. Miss Carrie Duke, the vio
linist, played a Sarasate "Gypsy Dance"
neatly and nicely, but without very much
expression. Needless to say, all the solo
ists were most enthusiastically encored.
AN UNFORTUNATE VOYAGE.
Captain Nicoll of the Agnes
Oswald Tied Up in Dela
goa Bay.
His Wife Died While He Was Bid
ding the Doctor Farewell at i
the Gangway.
Captain Nicoll of the Briti3h bark Agnea
Oswald is In sore trouble in Delagoa Bay.
Shortly after he arrived there his wife
j died. Next his entire crew deserted and
\ went to the gold mines. Then when he
■ wanted to pret a new crew, water and bal
j last the Portuguese refused to assist him,
i and by last accounts his vessel is still tied
j up in' South African waters.
The Agnes Oswald left here about six
months ago for Puget Sound to load lum
ber for Delagoa. Captain Nicoll was not
a universal favorite in shipping circles,
but nevertheless he secured a particularly
good crew. Many of the men came from
the Sailors' Home and others were coast
ing men out of a job.
Tne vessel loaded lumber at Port Gamble
: and the men stayed by the shin. After leav
ing the sound there were a number of differ
; ences of opinion between the captain and
I his crew, and the result was that when the
i Agnes Oswald arrived at. Delagoa Bay the
j men deserted in a body. Captain Nicoll
does not seem to have got or. any better
I with the Portuguese authorities than he
did with his men. hence the present
trouble over water, ballast and crew.
When the Agnes Oswald left San Fran
) cisco Mrs. Nicoll was a very sick woman.
When the bark reached Delagoa Bay she
was gradually sinking, and the captain
sent ashore for medical assistance the mo
ment the anchor was dropped. A Portu-
I guese physician responaed to the call, and
after examination said there was nothing
organically the matter, and that the wo
man would be all right in a few days.
He was wrong in his diagnosis, however,
I as next day Mrs. Nic Dll was worse. . An
j other physician was sent for, but he re
i fused to answer the call unless the first
doctor was present. Both men were told
to come at once, and after making a thor
ough investigation they told the captain
that there was nothing seriously wrong
witu his wife.
Captain Nicoll went on deck to see them
off, waved his hat to them as the boat
sped toward the shore, returned to the
cabin and found his wife dead. He rushed
on deck and waved fractically to the d<;- j
parting boat, but no one understood his
signs. Another boat was manned and
sent ashore, but when the doctors arrived
all they could do was to sUrug their
shoulders and say in Portuguese, "It is
incomprehensible."
The private letter which brought the
above information states that could Cap
tain Nicoll get a crew, water and ballast
he would at once start for San Francisco
and trust to luck to secure a freight to
England,
THE OWNER OF "JUDGE"
W. J. Arkell Arrives in This
City and Gives His Polit
ical Views.
- •
A COUNCIL ON HIS PAPER.
The Roys Jollying Morton— Platt Like
the Appendicitis and Cleveland
Is Ossified.
Ex-Senator W. J. Arkell of New York,
proprietor of the comic weekly. Judge, ar
rived here last night and is at the Palace.
He is accompanied by George li. Dan
iels, general passenger agent of the New
York Central Railroad. Mr. Arkeil, his
family and Mrs. B. Gillam, and Mr. Dan
iels came to the coast in the special car
Wanderer. Tbe ladies are at Santa Cruz.
Mr. Arkell will remain here till to-mor
row evening.
Almost everybody over the country has
become familiar with Mr. Arkell from the
pictures, of him that have been published.
He looks like his picture.
Mr. Arkell has had a varied career. He
was, in company with his son, for a long
time owner of the Albany Evening Jour
nal. He was also a member of the New
York Senate from Albany. It was in the
same city, al^o, that he was long an attor
ney and finally a Judge.
He is as ardent a Republican as one
reading his sprightly weekly would sup
pose, and he is, moreover, an unusually
interesting man to listen to when he
touches on politics.
After saying that the circulation of
Judge had "more tlian doubled during the
last eighteen months, and passing a corn-
Hon. B. M. Lclong. Who Prescribes Paris Green for the Codlin Moth.
pliment on California and the winter as
he had found it, he reverted to the
National political situation:
"I told Governor Morton just before I
left," said he. "that 1 thought he could
put too much faith in some of the
crowd that was ostensibly booming him. I
told him I thought they were jollying him.
Morton is a very eood man. I have been
a friend of his lor a long time and I didn't
want to see him laboring under a misap
prehension.
"As for Tom Platt, I regard him a good
deal in politics as I would a case of appen
dicitis in a man. He is a relic of some
thing at one time having uses possibly,
but has now grown rudimentary and can
better be dispensed with. His methods
are no longer requisite. The party doesn't
need them.
"Judge has always been a pronounced
Republican paper, as I suppose you are
aware, but of course, we cannot help hav
ing opinions in reference to the methods
of men of the kind I have alluded to.
"As for Mr. Cleveland I know him
better than I do many of my neighbors
that I have known all my life. 1 have
been with him in politics and out of
politics and know him every way you take
him.
'"To my mind he is simply a case of
osnified corporosity. I regard him as
obstinate, too, instead of firm. I re
member that after he w^s elected
Governor and before the National Con
vention met to nominate a President, I
met him and was talking to him about his
possible nomination.
" 'It would be just like my bull-headed
luck to get it,' said he.
"I told him I hoped no immediate
change would take place in reference to
him, for 1 was taking my departure. He
didn't seem to like my remark.
"I do not believe a man in active busi
ness can afford to take any office, no mat
ter how high it may be. During President
Harrison's first term he offered me the
posfof Minister to Japan. Said I, 'Mr.
Harrison, there is no ofhee you could
name that I would take, no matter how
high.' 'Why,' said he, 'do you not think
you ought to sacrifice your persona! wishes
sometimes when you can be of service to
your country?' I replied that I didn't
think so, so Jong as there were so many
volunteers. When he hud volunteers he
shouldn't use the draft.
"Cleveland has made from $2,000,000 to
$3,000,000 since he went into office some
few years ago. He had nothing, or next
to it, when elected President. How did
he make such a huge fortune so quick?
Got tips on stocks, and invested in other
ways on what lie knew was going to hap
pen, from his connection with office. He
must have made it in this way. He
couldn't, have done it otherwise."
Then Mr.'Arkell said a few words about
Judge. "Since Mr. Gillam died," he said,
"Mr. Hamilton has taken his place. He
does very well, and ought to, for lie had
a long training under Mr. Gillarn. "We
have a council in our otfjce every weeK at
which ideas are suggested for cartoons for
the coming issue. This council "is held
usually every Saturday."
Mr. Arkell has been in California before,
having visited this City but a few years
ago. He says he will continue to come as
often as possible.
W HEELMEN ORGANIZE.
Another Cycling Society Formed— Out
for Good Roads. •
The Wheelmen's Republican Club, cora
posed/of members of the various wheeling
organizations of this City , met at the court
room of Justice Groezinger, in the new
City Hall, last evening for the purpose of
perfecting an organization. The objects j
of the ciup are to further the interests of
the wheeiing fraternity, and to secure,
through the influence of the Republican j
party, proper legislation for the construe- ,
tion and maintaining oi good roads and
the success of the Republican party and
its principles. The meeting was well at
tended and the roll was swelled to the i
number of 155.
The fo.llowinj; are the officers of the
Wheelmen's Republican Club: President,
G. C. Groezinger; first vice-president. Cord ;
11. Wet jen ; second vice«president, Robert ,
Dennis; secretary, George E. Dixon ;
treasurer, Harry Dederky: senreant-at
arms, B. Conlon; executive committee — j
Cal Ewing, Frank H. Kerrigan, George H. I
Stratton, A. Bennett. Marc Anthony, Syi- |
vester Shaben, William Patterson, Charles j
W. Dixon, W. J. Kenney; committee on
by-law6 — E. M. Sweeney, J. J. Stephens,
A. B. Treadwell, R. Dennis, R. I. Quarg
and L. G. Ratto.
Addresses were made by Sylvester Sha
ben. Captain James Mulroy, E. M. Swee
ney and Cal Ewing.
Captain James Mujroy of the Imperial
Bicycle Club referred to the bad condition
of the roads of this City, and showed the
manner in which the wheeling fraternity
of this City could secure favorable legisla
tion for better streets.
A FREE FRUIT MARKET
The State Horticultural Society
Is in Favor of the
Project.
M. E. Jaffa of the University Presents
a Paper on Stock-Feeding
Value of Fruits.
An interesting and important session of
the State Horticultural Society was held
yesterday afternoon in the assembly hall
of the Mills building, B. M. Lelong pre«
siding. Announcement was made of the
appointment by Governor Budd of Frank
H. Buck of Vacaville to succeed his late
father on the board. The news was re
ceived with applause, and the following
telegram ordered sent to the Governor:
Hon. Jamctt H. Budd. Governor, Sacramento :
The Mate Horticultural Society in session ex
tends sincere thanks for compliment you paid
horticultural interests of the State by at>pol:it
ing trunk H. Buck on State Board" of Horti
culture. E. J. Wickson, Secretary.
It was decided to hold meetings fort
nightly instead of monthly, alternating
MISS FRANCES WEYMAN.
Miss Frances Weyman is one of the pretty young ladies now visiting friends in
Hanford. As is well known in . Hanford, Miss Weyrnan left her home in Omaha,
Nebraska, in search of good health. Before her arrival she was but the ghost of her
real self. Now she is strong, brimful of energy and perfectly beautiful. Although she
used several bottles of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla, her face showed no signs of a
pimple, a blood spot or a Sarsaparilla trade mark. The reason is obvious. Joy's Veg
etable Sarsaparilla, unlike the iodide of potassium sarsaparilla, contains only herbs —
California nerbs and herbs that will dry up the facial blemishes and purify the blood
without throwing out spots on the face. Listen to Miss \V eyman : "You may tell the
manager of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla that I am delighted with California in general
and with Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla in particular. I almost wish I was a native.
Don't you see wbat a great thing it is to have people speak of your own State as being
great in health-restoring qualities? Yes, whon I return to Omaha I will be sure to
carry several bottles of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla, and I shall always praise the
remedy, as it has done me great good." The experience of Mi-s Frances Weymau
will be your experience if you try Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. Don't allow a druggist
to talk you out of the "native Sarsaparilla"— Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
between this City and Sacramento, to
vriiich latter place the State Board of Hor
ticulture contemplated removing its head
quarters.
Mr. Lelong read an interesting and prac
tical essay on the codlin moth, its habits
ana the most efficient means for its extir
pation. Concerning remedies for the pest
Mr. Lelong said that only pure paris green
should be used. Much of the drug now on
the market was absolutely worthless, he
said, but often the farmers themselves
were to blame because they wanted a
cheap artidle arid were unwilling to pay
the 20 cents a pound demanded for the
pure article.
Another able # paper was contributed by
M. E. Jaffa, instructor in the agricultural
laooratory of the State University. His
subject was the stock-feeding value of Cali
fornia fruits, and his remarks were lucidly
illustrated by a number of large tables
hune up against the walls in wnich the
propositions advanced by the essayists
were proved by figures that "couldn't lie."
Brainerd Rowley presented a report from
the committee appointed by the society to
consider the free truit market project in its
practical bearings. The report was strongly
in favor of the scheme, and recommended
that the Horticultural Society work in
union with the Board of Trade/Merchants'
Association. Chamber of Commerce and
other organizations, for the calling of a
growers' convention, whereat the matter
could be practically discussed. Mr. Row
ley further said that before going to the
meeting he had a conference with the
Board of State Harbor Conimissioners, and
reported that body as having expressed its
willingness to do all in its power to further
the project. Section 4, embracing 500 feet
of the sea wall, was mentioned as an eligible
site for the free fruit market.
Several of the members were in favor of
petitioning the Harbor Commission for
more space, and some discussion ensued.
It was at length decided that the com
mittee should continue its labors, and rep
resent the Horticultural Society at the
convention should it be held.
DISPUTED LAND CLAIMS
The U. S. Government Sues the
Southern and Central
Pacific Railroads
For Lands Located Along the Railroad
Route From Sacramento to
San Jose.
The United States District Attorney yes
terday received instructions from Secre
try Olney to commence action in the
United States District Court for the North
ern District of California against the
Southern and Central Pacihc Railway
companies for the quieting of title to cer
tain lands lying along the line of railway
from Sacramento to San Jose.
The land is agricultural in character and
is valued at upward of $1,000,000.
These suits are brought on grounds sim
ilar to those recently instituted against
certain properties claimed by the railroad
in Butte and other northern counties. The
land in dispute in this particular instance
is along the road's Western Pacific route.
It is alleged that some of the land in
question was erroneously patented to the
railroad since it had been homesteaded:
that the State selected certain strips un
der the act of l*st; that certain acreage
was exempt because of belonging to cer
tain Spanish and Mexican grants, and
again that certain other lands were out
side the limit laid down by the acts of July
1, 1302, and July 2, 1864.
As the Government only has until Mon
day to tile its claims, First Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Knight, who has charge of
all the civil cases of the office, is very busy
preparing the necessary bills for the Gov
ernment.
A NOVEL WEDDING.
Uarriage of -Graduates of the Deaf and
Duiub Institute.
The wedding of Miss Lydia Adelina
Hatch and Joseph Beck took place at the
home of the bride's brother, Henry Hatch,
at Millsholm on Thursday, Lewis A. Pier
officiating.
Both bride and groom are graduates of
the State Institution for the Deaf and
Dumb at Berkeley, Mr. Beck having pre
viously graduated from the school for the
deaf and dumb at Salt Lake City, Utah,
which is his home.
He is the eldest son of John Beck, a
prominent capitalist and member of the
Mormon church at Utah's capital.
The young people will visit relatives in
several towns of the State before going to
their home in Salt Lake City.
Suicide by Gas.
Cyrus Cregs was found dead In his bed at 94
Fair Oaks street last evening. He had fastened
a rubber tube to the gasjet, and had inhaled
the poisonous vapor. He was 70 years of age
and a native of New York. It is supposed that
business reverses caused him to take his own
life. He leaves a wife. •
HIS FATHER'S SOI.
An Interesting Story From San
Benito County. : .
Will the County Seat Have a
Railroad Through It?
T^ROM TIME TO TIME. THE SOMEWHAT*
- - nretty town of Hollister— which is the county
seat of San Benito— has been - thrilled by tales of
the possibility of a competing road coming through
one of- the mountain passes In its immediate vi-
cinity, but r.s yet it lias been talk, and talk only.
There is in that vicinity » large section of very
good land, the possibilities of which have never yec
been fully appreciated, ami if a competing road
were really an accomplished fact no prophet couM
predict the prosperity that might not ensue to the
residents of that district. They are already grow-
ing some of ihe tinest fruit that Is produced there,
and the hay is looked on as second to none in th«
State. The people, too, are enthusiasts about the
future Of the county, and none more so than those
in the vicinity of Panoche. Araont them might
be mentioned the well-known and stim'.y family of j
Ashursts. They are Of good sterling blood, know-
ing little or no.thing of -ickiicss. Only a few months
ago, though, Robert Jr., one of the. brightest of •
them all, nearly lost bis life through an insidious
and wasting disease, the malignant character of
which was not appreciated by himat lirst. Ner-
vous exhaustion was fast taking hold of this
bright specimen of Californian manhood, and he
would no doubt have been consigned to an early
grave but for the prompt and effective action of
the specialists of the Hudson Medical Institute,
the establishment wlncli is doing more good than
all the other medical institutions on the coast put
together. A concise statement of the good young
Mr. Ashurst got may be gleaned from the follow-
ing pithy letter, which be wrote: ..■' :•/■■" ,"':;'.■
I'ANOCHK, ill.. AllS. 13, 1898,
Hudson Medical Instituu-, San- Francisco, Cal.-*
Gentlemen: In reply to your letters I will say that
I have been taking your medicines aoout. two weeks
and am greatly pleased with the results. Am no
longer troubled with headache or backache or
deep p:iins. My eyesighr la very much' better,
blood does not rush to my head us it used to, and,
in consequence, my intellect is much better, and
brighter than before. 1 have, gained six pounds
since commencing treatm nt,' but my boweja do
not yet move as regularly as they should, I lak«
a tablet every nlght-and that may soon be all
right. I realize that it takes time to effect a cure.
Honestly, gentlemen, 1 would not take -.$3OO to
relftpse into the state- that •£.. was in before. I
remain, yours, veryreßpectfuily," • .'■.'.
.". KOBEttT; A^HV.RST JR.
It is perhaps lucky that Mr. Ashurst came to
the great specialists for* treatment as soon as li«
did, for his was a grave case. .But he speaks of
what wonders have be.en; done for him, and it
must be remembered that this 's only after two
weeks' treatment. Thousands sing the jiraises of
these really marvelous doctors. • .'■••.•"■". .• . '■;■.." '.•V;
s. .T. Bailey of W avcrville, Cal.. writes:,, "I
feel fully restored to health ami want to express
my gratitude to you.' '•.'•'•■.•■••.'. --V- •;;.. ■. . .%
. George JH. Rice of Fort Cauby,'\Vasb. : "I ani up-
able to speak the. praise that you deserve.' hut
suffice it to say that, I feel iv every respect as i a
man sl.ould." ...••■•, : ' ', :■' ...
S. M. Hooker, Lo? Angeles: "I ko-.v feel as
though I was a cured arid a wel! man." ■ ', .'•
Testimony of this kind is received every • day,
and one room is required for- letters from cured
patients alone at the great. Medical -Institute, so
numerous have they become. .';They .come- from,
every State and Territory'in' the Ui.iun, and it
is now certain that the 'Hudson'Medicar- Institute
has well earned its title.of be]ttg the- PORKMOBT
MEDICAL. ESTABLISHMENT. ON" .THE CON-
TIXENT.- ; .'.- ■•*•//■.•.; .'x ■ •..•*"■..*'-.' '"
All the Folloiviiijj'. <'a»e» Are Curable: j
Catarrh of the stomach or bladder: all
bronchial diseases:!, all-' functional -'nervous '.dis- •
eases: St. Vitus' hysteria: shaking palsy; "
epilepsy; all venereal dlsea§es:'.:atl kinds of blood.
troubles; ulcers; wastes of vital forces: rheuma-
tism: gout; tczema; all skin\dis'eases.. from' what-
ever cause arising; psoriasis; all blood-poisoning;
varlcOcele: poison oak; lost. or impairel manhoj.i;
spinal trouble; ' nervous-.exhausJibn-.'-aiid prostra-
tion: incipient parcsts: ail kidney. diseases; lum-
bago: sciatica; all. bladder troubles: dyspepsia; °
indigestion: constipation; 'all visceral disorders,,
which are treated by the depurating department;
Special instruments for bladder : -trpables."'- . "
Circulars and Testimonials of the Great II tidy
sentfree.. :. ■'■:■■[■' -• '.. •'.■-'■•"=
HUDSON MEDICAL ISSTItUTE,
Stockton, Market and ElliaSts.
l|p^ • \ A great | ffilm '
(jFy..j number Ifj '/ mr
7/.J of a great I ) j* .
(j *' magazine .. /( 'j
•■"• .-/. • "At the head of the 1 1
'■ :: /■ ■'. world'speriodicals." J I ■
'•'.-'/ i "•• — Eallo. American. s^^vl/J/fl^
V,/ A Try iU 35 cU. )^Mr/'^
• : AUCTION SALES.
460and'463 KIGHTH ST., OAKL\NI>.
FA^TO^r, ELDKIDGE«tCO... Francisco. '•
SPECIAL
GRAND AUCTION SALE
OF
Choics Oakland and Alameda
REAL ESTATE.
SATURDAY.
Saturday Murch 7. 1896,
- : .\ At 2 o'clock p. M., at Salesrooms,
.... including.... "
THE ELEGAST HAMILTON RESIDENCE,
. i , ALAJIKBA. i
Oneof the finest homes in the city: 12 rooms,
with every modern convenience: lot'loox2o7feet:
handsome grounds; northeast coriver of Central 0
avenue and Union street. MJJST BE SOLD.
16 SELECT BL'ILDDG LOTS I\ EAST
OARLASD. V
- 'East 12th st. and Ist aye. Kv.'ry lot goes- ° No
reserve. Unusual terms. Only $60 per io;. cash,
$10 per month. The;e terms are unprecedented
tor such high-class property.
BEAUTIFUL COTTAGE. °
. Eighteenth and Myrtio sts. i Lot 60x100. One
of the prettiest homes iv Oakland. -Must be seen
to be appreciated. • '
Also lot- £oxloo adjoining. .
NEAT MODERS" COTTAGE, '
Corner of Linden and 30th sts, Soldcby order of
bank. Very easy terms. . end ior particulura.
.Secure Illustrated Catalogue. -Mailed free on
application. . ■ ... r
WILLIAM J. DIN'GKE. '•
.. 460-462 Eighth Street, Oakland, o
Or EASTOX, KLDBIDGE & CO.;
638 3larket St.. San Francisco.
56
•* CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE, ;
\"^--- Editor and Proprietor. - - ..v
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-P«stage Free : ;
r»ll> end Sunday Call, one wwk, by carrier.. $0.15
E»lly and Sunday Call, oneyear.by mail 6.00
Dally ar.ri SuDday (all, six months, by mall.. 3.00
, D»!ly snd Sonday Cai.; , three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Kußday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
Weekly Call, one year, by mail..' 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
ppn Francisco, California.
phone .". Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
telephone - Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES : :
6SO Montiromery street, corner Clay; open nntU
I so o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 l.nrkln street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
bW". corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
■ Btll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
118 MBit street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
B»oms 31 «nd S2, 34 Park Row. >"ewr York City.
. . DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
SATPRPAY... FEBRUARY -J9, 1806
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Shall we fight Spain?
Cuba expects o f us something more than
tall talk.
Kentucky saw the railroad bluff and
took to the toboggan slide.
The monopoly holds its title— it is still
the Southern Pacinc of Kentucky.
The Cuban question has at last become
hot enough to make Congress boil.
This is the day to leave orders for The
Sixday Call and don't you forget or ne
glect it.
It appears now that in any part of Cali
fornia where you can't strike gold you can
strike oil.
The Democratic search for a Presidential
candidate is getting to be a decided case of
any old thing.
The people's road will compete with the
.monopoly in business, but not in running
a mud machine.
The defect in Senatorial eloquence is
that while it recognizes Cuban independ
ence it does Dot help it.
Mr. Hontmgton has achieved an Aus
terlitz at Frankfort, but a Waterloo
awaits him at Washington.
The carnival season opens at San Diego
to-day and now is the time to go south and
start in with the procession.
What sort of a mix-up would it make in
the coming campaign to have a redhot
Spanish imbroglio on the side?
The next time we catch Kentucky in
our back yard we shall have to call on Mr.
Huntington to take his mule out.
Goebel has lost his fight, but he has
made a reputation that Kentucky will yet
be proud to honor as California does now.
In its last analysis the Cuban problem
reduces itself to the simple question,
Shall we free Cuba or just talk about it?
It seems certain that Rainey will bolt, but
it is doubtful if he will get out himself or
only bolt the door and shut the others out.
Now that the monopoly has begun to
show its hand openly against the people's
road everybody can see what a dirty hand
it is.
It is evident that Governor Budd regards
the Irish controversy as something in the
nature of political firewood, for instead of
talking about it he saws it off.
It is pleasing to know that Dunraven
has been dropped at last, but of course
there will be some natural regret that he
was not dropped in the way Peter Maher
was.
The organs of the Southern Pacific of
Kentucky can always be detected by their
virulent opposition to every enterprise
that tends to upbuild the welfare of Cali
fornia.
The saddest feature of the hanging of
Don Dickenson in effigy was that it
pricked the bubble of one of the prettiest
little Presidential boomlets in the Demo
cratic camp.
A resolution in favor of Cuban inde
pendence may not. mean a war with
Spain, but there is no telling how the
Spaniards will construe it when they get
their mad up.
Mr. Stubbs swears that the shippers of
California have cracked the whip over the
railroad, but alas! there is no evidence
that they ever laid on the lash as they
should have done.
Monopoly is bo near dead in California
that the attacks it is now making on the
people's road through Mr. Hume of the
Pun may be fairly referred to as Post-
Hume-ouß slanders.
The list of prizes won by Californians at
the Atlanta Exposition is in the highest
decree creditable to the Board of Trade
exhibit. We seem to have taken about
everything we went for.
The avowed hostility of the railroad
organ to the San Joaquin road will not be
as dangerous as the secret antagonism
which has been going on all along. It is
always an advantage to get an enemy from
under cover.
The best feature of this session of the
Senate has been the favor shown to the
subject of coast defenses, and if the vote
on the bill is as strong as the oratory it
will not have been a vain session for the
country by any means.
It is reported that the prohibition ques
tion has at last been decisively excluded
from politics in lowa, but the report won't
do to bet on. lowa is one of the States
where some things are just as liable to bob
up in politics as some other things.
Xow that Steve O'Donnell and Jim
Pwyer have shown Fitzsimmons and Cor
bett that it is as easy to bring off a boxing
match to a finish in New York as it is to
roll off a log, the champions should put
up, shut up and let things take their
course.
The speeches of Carter of Montana and
Hoar of Massachusetts in the recent de
bate in the Senate make it evident even to
Democrats that Republicans of the East
and of the West will not be divided this
year. The platform of protection and bi
metallism is broad enough for all.
THE VALLEY KOAD.
The long and labored attach made upon
the San Joaquin Railroad by ihe Post on
Thursday has had the good effect of mak
ing clear to the public the antagonism of
the monopoly to that great enterprise of
the people. The antagonism has been the
more dangerous in the past because it has
been secret, sly and fhsidious. Now that
it has become open the public will be on
guard against the attacks and will be able
to appraise rightly the value and the sig
nificance of all the slurs and slanders that
may be set into circulation by the enemies
of an enterprise that is as dangerous to
the monopoly as it is beneficial to the
State.
It often happens that a falsehood loses all
power to harm the moment it has been
traced to its origin and the author is
known. This is what will happen in this
case. Now that it is known that the organ
of the Southern Pacific of Kentucky is
vigorously assailing the people's road, de
nouncing its work, attacking its methods
and maligning its promoters, the general
public will readily understand the motive
that prompts the evil work and will see
how dangerous to the monopoly the com
peting road has. become and how impor
tant it is to the public welfare that its con
struction should be favored, promoted and
hastened by every means possible.
Karely nas any great popular enterprise
in any part of the world been so ably
directed, so cordially supported or so suc
cessfully carried on as has this undertak
ing to supply a large area of California
with a competing railroad and thus rid
the trade, the commerce and the industry
of the people of the intolerable burdens
imposed by an exacting monopoly. The
enterprise, although undertaken in a pe
riod of business depression and financial
distress, has made a progress so rapid as
to be one of the industrial marvels of the
day and has done more than anything
else to demonstrate to the people of the
East and to foreign capitalists the abound
ing energy of California and the sagacity
with which her people solve the problems
that confront them.
When the great project was first under
taken by Mr. Spreckels and his colleagues
the monopoly affected to sneer at it.
When the ivork be-ran Mr. Huntington
called it a toy. Later on a hundred efforts
were made to discourage the promoters
and to prevent subscriptions to the stock
of the company. In spite of ail, however,
the work was carried on and popular sup
port never failed. Now the road is about
to become a competing road in fact. It
will soon be ready for business. The
Southern Pacific of Kentucky seeing in
this California enterprise the forerunner
of other enterprises that will destroy its
monopoly in every part of the State has
become desperate and begun to fight sav
agely, viciously, frantically. It has thrown
off the last vestige of cover, turned its or
gan loose and entered upon a direct strug
gle with the people of the State to destroy
the effectiveness of their work and blight
the success of their great enterprise.
THE KENTUCKY DEFEAT.
The significance of . the action of the
Kentucky Senate in defeating the bill re
pealing the charter of the Southern Pacific
Company is the power of the railroad
lobby. It cannot fairly be supposed that
the people of Kentucky agree with the
Senate in its wanton view of the comity
of States, any more than it would be f»!r
to assume that the subserviency of the
various railroad commissions of Califor
nia, except the last, to the Southern Pa
cific can be taken to mean that the people
of California are owned by that company,
or are willing to condone its wrongs. It
means simply, in the case of Kentucky,
that the Senators who supported the rail
road against the interests df justice came
under the influence of the railroad lobby.
Another factor which operated at Frank
fort appears in the contest at Washington
—the tremendous power of a finely drilled
and indefatigable skill in falsification. If
the majority of the Frankfort Senate be
excused on the ground that it was not
thoroughly conversant with the subject,
that the dignity and force of the opposi
tion in California were minimized by the
false representations of the railroad lobby,
and that these misrepresentations were
believed and formed the basis of conscien
tious action by the Senate, we still have to
contend with a power as great and danger
ous as that of open corruption, and may
foresee to what extent it will be exerted at
Washington.
When Mr. Stubbs, general traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company,
endeavored by innuendo before the House
Committee on Pacific Roads to leave the
impression that the two daily papers of
San Francisco which are fighting the fund
ing bill were inspired by improper motives,
he was asked to explain why nearly all
the representatives of California in Con
gress were similarly opposed. He could
not answer the question. Still he said
sufficient for every Caiifornian who op
poses funding to take notice that some
contemptible motive, in the opinion of the
Southern Pacific, inspires his conduct.
Mr. Stubbs knows well enough why the
overwhelming sentiment of the State is
against the infamies which the Southern
Pacific has practiced for so many years.
He could have told all about the influences
which elected the one Congressman who is
openly friendly to the railroad. He could
have made it clear that it has been the
exercise of such influences in the past that
has done so much to make the railroad
company hated and feared in California.
The action of the Kentucky Senate is
valuable as showing the great danger
which this railroad power represents. It
is noticed that this power can secure from
one State ample authority to plunder an
other which would refuse it such authority.
Kentucky, through its- Senate, enjoys the
unhappy distinction of being the first
State to establish that precedent and
thereby call for Congressional interference
for the protection of all the States.
SUCCESSFUL PINGEEEISM.
H. I*. Pingree, Mayor of Detroit, has
been publishing a series of exceedingly in
structive papers concerning the working
out of his idea of using the vacant lots of
a city for agricultural purposes as a cure
for pauperism. "During 1895,'' he says in
one of his articles, "we provided lots for
1546 families. About 1000 of the lots
were a third acre, the rest a quar
ter acre in extent; in ali 455 acres,
lying in all parts of the city, large
and small. "We plowed the land and
furnished aid and superintendence at a
cost of $4000. We raised crops to the value
of $27.71)2, of potatoes alone there being an
average of forty bushels to the family.
The cost per lot was $3 10." It may be
added that the management of the enter
prise was in the hands of a commission of
eminent citizens appointed by the City
Conncil, and that the City appropriated
$5000 for the work, including the furnish
ing of seed. "The willingness of the poor
to take advantage of the offer and help
themselves in every way they can," says
Mr. Fingree, "is shown by the large num
ber of applicants who asked for land."
Equally as valuable as the direct relief
which this undertaking afforded is the ed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1896.
ucational feature. It is unfortunately a
fact that the people are drifting away from
the natural means of earning a livelihood.
Cultivation of the soil is the foundation of
existence and the surest of all means for
making a living. For various reasons
which need not be discussed the people
have for years been showing a tendency to
depart from this natural course aud form
congested communities in cities. Under
the intelligent direction of such a scheme
as that in Detroit poor people who know
nothing about farming and who could not
be induced to go into the country and se
cure land and make a living on it are in
structed in the art in its highest and mo3t
productive form. Very naturally they ac
quire not only a skill of very great value
but a positive liking for the business.
In addition to all this the plan will tend
to elevate farming by improving its meth
ods, reducing the size of farms, and thus
steadily increasing opportunities for poor
people to secure land. Still farther, suf
fering in the cities would be reduced, the
population would be rendered more con
tented and stable, and the security of so
ciety and the Government would be
strengthened.
Applying some of the physical aspects
of the matter to conditions obtaining in
San Francisco, we find that we have great
areas of yandy soil that is the mo9t easily
tillable of all, and a generous abundance
of street-sweepings to fertilize them, and
water to irrigate them if necessary. Such
farming would irreatly reduce the cost of
living in San Francisco, would make its
people prosperous, would rapidly increase
its population, and would work other and
more important benefits. The idea seems
to be worthy of the soberest consideration
of our people.
THE "POST" POSTED.
On Thursday afternoon the Post said:
"The only indication that the San Joaauin
Valley Railroad is a railroad is in the
rapacity and greed it has manifested for
gifts in the way of terminal facilities at
the termini and in towns through which
it is to be built." On Friday afternoon
the Post said: "A comparison of the files
of this paper with those of The Call will
show that the Po.<t has done as much for
the Valley road as The Call."
On Thursday afternoon the Post said:
"The people of Merced, impoverished by
liaril times and the failure of crops, were
forced to present this eleemosynary insti
tution (the Valley road) with $12,500 in
coin, and the property so donated becomes
a valuable asset and enhances the value
of the capital stock which represents the
ownership of this orphan-asylum rail
road." On Friday afternoon the Pott said :
"The editor of the Post has given space to
booming the Valley road, has given his
time to advocating it and ha 3 given his
money to aid in buying rights of way
for it."
On Thursday afternoon the Post said:
"Whatever of greed or rapacity railroads
have manifested from the time the first
mile of track was laid to the present hour
has been manifested by Mr. Preston and
his associates.' On Friday afternoon the
Post said : "The plain lie has received a
warm welcome from latter-day journal
ism."
Thus stands the record as the Post has
made it up to date.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
Popular recognition of the distinctive
features which characterize the Sunday
issues of The Call has been so highly en
couraging as to stimulate extra efforts for
improving their attractiveness. It is al
ready known to intelligent readers that
The Call does not use the "syndicate"
matter so extensively peddled among the
newspapers of the country, but that its
contributions are the work of local writers
and are racy of the soil. Here are some
of the special features of to-morrow's
issue:
In "Prowls Picturesque" Miss Adeline
Knapp paints a delightful picture of the
street sports and pleasures of the boys of
San Francisco, who not only have very
original ideas, but who can play all the
year round without fear of snow in winter
or heat in summer.
An interesting letter from C. P. Hunt
ington will be given. It was called out by
his reading the account of his early boy
hood as recently given in The Call, and
he discloses a conspicuous trait of his
character by pointing out an error in that
account. It is an amusing incident, but
more interesting than that is the advice
which he eives to young men.
Peter Studley presents a clever sketch of
a deserted mining camp. His account
concerns "Beetown and Its Last Sweep
stakes."
"Some of the Lady Athletes of San
Francisco" is a title that speaks for itself
and that tells many interesting thing?.
An ingenious artist will show "How
Some Historical Personages Would Have
Looked on the Bicycle." One may imagine
the incongruous situations rendered pos
sible by the idea.
"A Most Wise Judge" is the title of a
very strange but true story detailing the
story of a lawsuit in an interior town. It
is none the less sensational by reason of
its being veracious.
The Point Bonita lighthouse is described
by one thoroughly familiar with the in
teresting history of that institution.
The'story of a "Wandering Watch Fac
tory," which, after having been located in
various California cities, was finally estab
lished in Japan, whence watches made
by Japanese are being sent out, will prove
instructive.
W. C. Morrow writes a letter to an am
bitious young lady who has recently be
gun to write for the press.
gome of the interesting features devoted
to the department of arts and sciences in
clude an account of a people which em
ploys cranes to herd poultry flocks; how
nature in the manufacture of needles pro
duces exquisite results to which human
ingenuity cannot hope to aspire, and
muny other things.
The departments devoted to fashions for
both sexes, to society, to music and the
drama, to books and periodicals and to
children will have the usual original
value, and the special exhaustive tele
grams reviewing the situation in various
parts of the world will be instructive. No
more convenient or inexpensive courtesy
could be shown to a friend in the Eastern
States than the sending to him of a copy
of to-morrow's Call.
AN OLD DAGUERROTYPE.
Two clear, crave eyes, Mint wondering look "
From some forgotten loimj ago;
A childish face that cannot know
The crets hidden in the book
Of future years:
The care and toll, the busy strife,
The joys that jewel every life.
The tears. ; ■.':;•.
From that lo«t time— from childhood-land—
The v'stf ul. speaking, hazel eyes
Look out as on unclouded skies.
Where glowing hopes rise nand in band
And sunshine streams
Along the path of breaking day,
. While all the shadows fade away,
Like dreams.
Thus kept by art's all-saving grace,
Peeps from a distant hazy, nook
Of time gone by this sunny look
t'pon a young-, untroubled face,
That holds within .;■•: , . •;. .
The boyish eyes tbose limpid springs—
No taint of eartu or earthly thinjrs—
No sin. • .Lbnkst McGai-fby.
\ . . . . ..-■....■ .„.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
The Baron yon Hungenmuller of Austria,
who is Minister from his country to the United
States, and who arrived here a day or two ago
from Washington, D. C, spent yesterday after
noon driving in the park. He was accompa
nied by the Baroness yon Heuge.imuller and
several friends.
The Baron and Minister has a very interest
ing personality, lie is a smooth-shaven, gray
eyed and stockly built man of about 50 years.
He wears glasses, and his voice is deep aud
rather pleasant.
He came in the special car Issaquena and
spent several days in Denver and Colorado
Springs. He told yesterday that he would
probably stay here a week at least and would
then go south, visiting Los Angeles, San Diego,
Coronado and probably Santa Barbara.
"There is a great change in San Francisco
Baron yon Hungenmullcr, Minister From Austria to the United States, Now Here.
{Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.]
since I was here twenty-six years ago," said
the Minister. "Then the city had somewhere
about 100.000 inhabitants, as I remember it,
and the principal hotel was the Cosmopolitan.
There wns no Palace Hotel; it had not been
thought of. The Occidental had been built,
but outside of this theie was no hotel that
could compete in any way with the Cosmopol
itan. Now it is shut up and forgotten.
"Two years after I visited San Francisco I
again came to the United States, this time as
secretary of the Austrian Legation to Washing
ton. I remained two years and theu w<:nt
away and never came back till I came as
Minister.
"As everybody knows, I have great admira
tion for the United Statet. It has always been
ao from the tim time I visited it.
"I came thts time purely for pleasure. I
remember when I wa» here before I brought
letters to Mr. Latham, president of the Cali
lornia Bank. He was tfte only man I knew."
SPOTS ON THE SUN.
As time elapses since the maximum of the
eleven-year sun spot period in 1892-93 solar dis
turbance has oecn gradually decreasing and
sometimes for days in succession the sun pre
sents* general aspect of unruffled sameness,
unless a high telescopic power is used, which
rarely iails to reveal £ome markings on the
disk.
Since the end of last December the spots
were few and small, in a comparative sense,
for an average solar cavity is three times the
width of the Pacific Ocean. February 18 a
small group that had appeared on the 9th
dwindled to one solitary spot as it neared the
west limb.
However two new spots that ev«n in a fore
shortened view seemed rather large appeared
inside the northeast limb on the same date,
rebruary 19 it was seen to be a group com
posed of several sections, and on the following
day another group appeared inside the south ■
cast limb. At noon February 23, when solar
rotation had brought them toward the center
of the disk, they appeered as in diagram 1, the
, scale being a i)-inoh solar diameter.
Measurement showed that the large group in
the north solar hemisphere was in about north
heliographic latitude 15 deg. ; that it was more
than 100,000 miJes in length and about 17,000
miles in mean wid,th ; that the group in south
solar hemisphere was in about 15 deg. south
latitude, and that the three spots toward the
west side were an equatorial group. The
penumbral portion of the principal croups
were light but distinct, and the nucleii re
markably dark.
Diagram 2 shows the changes during the
following twenty-four hours, or before i p.m.
February 24. The strange curving umbra in
the foremost of the largest group seemed to
have been bent into an irregular outline, and
there is some evidence of a vortex motion,
counter clockwise, according to the theory of
M. Faye the, eminent French solar physicist.
The third, section of the group either disap
peared or has been retarded,* and blending
with the eastern end of the group forms an en
larged third section.
In the meantime the southern group also
underwent changes, the foremost umbra oi
triangular shape having become rectangular,
and the second umbra from being a black line
became elliptical. The seeming diffenence in
the distance apart of these sections, in their
relative positions, and in the penumbral trail
may be cniefly due to a less foreshortened view
as they approach the center. The equatorial
group diminished to one spot, and has since
become undiscernible. These changes show
an unusual activity over a large portion of the
visible solar disk.
On the 25th and 26th further changes had
taken place, though not with such noticeable
rapidity. .The second and third members of
the northern group vere more apart, and the
southern group was divided into four smaller
spots, the fourth being the largest. The small
single spot in south latitude 20 dee. has
changed tut little since its appearance. It
will be of mucn interest to see it this activity
is but temporary, or if a secondary maximum
will occur, asm 1883, when the "great maxi
mum of the sun-spot period was two years part.
Rose O'Hallokan.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The practical Bismarck is one of the most su
perstitious men in Germany.
Portraits of tbe German Emperor were shown
in London shopa after he had sent his cable
dispatch to the Boers, marked "fied-uced to
6 pence from £1."
Sir Arthur Sullivan's full name is Arthur
Seymour Sullivan. To avoid the unfortunate
combination of initials the second name has
been discreetly diopped.
Paul Vcrlalne died calling out the name of
Francois Coppee, the academician and poet,
who had frequently helped nim. and who, In
the early days, had been his companion
Madame Sarah Bernha.'dt's last gown cost a
little over $6000. It is decorated with dia
monds and turquoises, and the skins of 200
ermines were required to line the train.
Pope Leo XIII recently gave the following
advice to a famous Italian preacher, Father
Zocchi: "Write articles for the newspapers.
People read them who never go to hear a ser
mon preached/
Captain William Davis, who has just died in
Millville, Pa., at the age of 74, circumnavi
gated the globe three times, and for three
yjars nnd nine months was one of the crew of
the old frigate Constitution.
France is going to spend $200,000 for a fit
ting representation at the coronation of the
Czar on May 12. The head of the extraordi
nary mission will be General de Boisedeffre,
chief of the general staff of the French army.
President Andrews of Brown University
thinks that the State dispensary liquor law of
South Carolina is superior to the so-called
Norwegian plan, and that it has placed South
Carolina in the front rank of prohibition
States.
Sir Joon C. Willoughby, who participated
with Dr. Jameson in the raid upon the terri
tory of the South African Republic, is fifth
baronet of the line and son of Sir John Pollard
Willoughby, who sat as M. P. for Leominster
in 1857.
Emperor William of Germapy has been a
blight to the aristocratic society of Berlin. His
arbitrary manners have led to quarrels with
many of the society leaders of the German cap
ital, and the court circle has been narrowed by
the withdrawal of prominent members who
could not get on with their autocratic relativs.
CURRENT HUMOR.
The aid-de-camp rushed unceremoniously
into the tent of the commanding generaless,
started to salute, but wound up in her excite
ment by feeling to find if her cap Mas on
straight.
"The enemy are advancing in force," she
said.
The generaless looked up calmly.
"Tell them lam not at home," said she.—Cin
cinnati Enquirer.
Down in Georgia they will use the North
Pole to knock persimmons off the trees if Dr.
Kansen will lend it to them.— Sparta Herald-
Advertiser.
First sportsman— Well, how do you like tha
new mare of yours?
Second sportsman— Oh, fairly well. But I
wish I had bought a horse. She's alwaysstop
ping to look at herself in the puddles.— Punch.
"Do you know," she said, "that your volume
of poe*ns has become quite indespensable in
our house ?"
"Indeed," he responded with a pleased look.
Yes. Mamma says she wouldn't be without
them She threatens to read them whenever
the children are naughty."-Washington Star
Strawber-Whydo you think you will have
any trouble keeping the engagement secret?
Singerly-I had to tell the girl, didn't I*—
Woman (to tramp)— Want something to eat
eh? My fire is out and I have no kindling to
light it. Can't cook or even warm things with
out a fire," you know.
Tramp— No, mum.
"There is wood and a hatchet out in the
shed.".
'•Yes, mum, I see it. Have you any pie."
" I have mince and pumpkin."
"Pumpkin will do, mum. That's good cold "
New York Weekly.
Fair Briton (a la Dv Maurier)-That Mr.
Lyon-Hunteris a countryman of yours, I be
lieve ? Why does he say "de-ah" and "wa-tah"
and "bet-tan."
American (a la Gibson)-Oh, he's one of the
thrifty Americans who try to pick up all those
H s you English drop.— Life.
PERSON AL.
T. B. Rickey of Carson is at the Palace.
G. H. Bradley of Marysville Is in town.
G. L. Turner, a banker of Los Gatos, is in the
City.
T. C. Ryan of Columbus, Ohio, is at the Occi
dental.
W. E. Hazeltine, a leading business man of
Prescott, Ariz., is at the Grand.
William Bcckman, the banker and ex-Rail
road Commissioner of Sacramento, is in town.
John Whicher, Clerk of San Luis Obispo
County, was among yesterday's arrivals in the
City.
Ex-Governor Sheldon of New Mexico arrived
here yesterday. He now resides in Los Ange
les County.
John M. Wagner, a wealthy mining man of
Telluride, Colo., has arrived here lor a few
weeks' visit.
George Braithwalte, a business man of Yoko
hama, was among the arrivals here by the Bel
gic. He is at the Palace.
Arthur W. Kinney of Los Angeles, member
of the Republican State Central Committee
from Los Angeles County, is at the Palace.
Joseph F. Fahey, the well-known stock-raiser
of Sonora, Tuolumne County, is visiting his
sister and brother-in-law, Major and Mrs. Wil
liam Fahey, at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Hon. S. H. Blackman of Paw Paw, Mich.,
who is paying a visit to his daughter in Los
Angeles, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan, ac
companied by his daughter, Mrs. K. E. Os
borne.
Hon. Nathaniel P. Brown, editor of the Ne
vada City Transcript, chairman of the Repub
lican County Central Committee and the Ne
vada County member of the btate Central Com
mittee, arrived here last evening to attend the
meeting of the latter body to be held at Pioneer
Hall to-day.
CALIFORNIaNS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 2?.-Among recent
arrivals are: L. Cowle, Colonnade; L. Ling,
Westminster; E. B. Howertofl", Stewart; T. L.
Lord and wiie, Bartholdi ; F. Thompson, War
wick.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Half Dime of 'sl— Sr 8., City. No premium
is offered for a half dime of the issue of 1»51.
Paderewski— M. P., City. Ignace Jan Pade
rewski was born in Podolia, Russian Poland,
in 18(50.
Republic of France— Subscriber, City. The
•President of the republic of France is elected
lor seven years;
Secret Societies— Scribbler, City. There is
no society in this County specially organized
to oppose secret societies.
Coins— M. L., City. There is no premium of
fered for a dime of 1853. one of 1854, an eagle
cent of 1858 or a "white" cent of IStiO.
Alone With My Conscience— M.JL P., Oak
land, Cal. The pnem "Alone With Mv Con
science" was written by Charles W. Stubbs.
To Muster Out— Scribbler, City. A conmany
of the National Guard of this State desiring to
be mustered out should make application to
the adjutant-general of the State, whose office
Is at Sacramento.
Electors- J. L. M., Zucker, Cal. If the elec
toral vote of a State is divided, say five Repub
licans and three Democrats, the vote of the
6tate would be ca^t as stated, one party's rep
resentative casting five votes and the other's
three.
Foreign Languages— B. 8., City. Th^re is no
place in this City in which "one nj?y learn
any of the European languages free of charge,"
but the French, German and Spanish lan
guages are taught without cost in some of the
public schools.
Political Machinery— J. L. M., Zucker, Cal.
The ordinary rule of working the political ma
chine Is to have the clubs in the several dis
tricts send delegates to tne County Committee
and for the County Committee to send dele
gates to the State Central Committee.
Deserters— J. C. 8., El Dorado Canyon, Cal.
The proclamation by President Harrison
granting immunity to deserters, soldiers and
sailors of the United States army and navy ap
plied only to such as deserted during the
Civil War, and would not cover desertion of
1888 and 1890.
Silver— J. L. 8., Shasta, Cal. In 205 years
the highest commercial ratio of silver to gold
has been in 1760, 14.14; in 1814, 15.04; in
1859, 15.19, and in 1893, 26.49. In March
1885, the quotations tor bar silver were 106
lowest, 107 highest; in 1889 the quotations
were, for fine biive. per ounce, lowest, 95
--highest, 96.
Debate— S. P., Vacaville, Solano County,
Cal. The rule for conducting debates in de
bating societies is:
On the evening for debatin? the president shall
first state the subject, and rh« sides speak alter
nately if desiring, the leader of the affirmative
always opening the debate :uid the ltarit-r of the
negative always answering. The negative side
only shall close the debate.
Eternal. Vigilance— Subscriber, City. "Eter
nal vigilance is the price of liberty, lias its
origin from the following extract from a speech
ofeSon^lvgo? Phllpot Curran> on the right
It is the common fate of the lndolents to see
■ their rights become* prey to the active. The con?
ditlon upon which Ood batb. given liberty to man
is eternal, vigilance, which condiilon if Jie hreak
6«rv-itude is at once the consequence of bi 9 crime
and the punishment of his guilt.
Electoral System— M. N., City. The con
■titution provides that a number of electors
for choosing the President and Vice-President
of the United States shall be appointed by each
State, no one of them holding a public National
office. Electors have been > chosen in four
different ways: By joint ballot of the State
Legislature, by a concurrent vote of both
branches of the Legislature, by a general vote
and by a district vote. 'By 1872 ihe general
ticket method was adopted ■in very • State
The electors are voted for at the election held
in November preceding the month of March
when the President and Vice-President are
sworn in. Congress is in session on the second
Wednesday in February following the election
to receive the certificates of the electors
W hat is known as the electoral count "bill w«
I-asßea early In the second session of the Fort y
ninth Congress.; : It provides that the electors"
shall meet and vote in T thcir respective I t*tll
the second Monday in January following Their
election. ,; Controversies must be settled by
State courts and decision rendered six days
before that on which the electoral vote is cast
The oertiflea returns of the electoral' vote is
a d de w°o^ he r retßry . of State, and on theiec
ond Wednesday in February the vote is
counted by Congress. - l oe .ls
If you want a sure relief for *»ains in the back, side, chest, or
limbs, use an
AIICOCK S Piaster
Bear in Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits and imita-
tions is as good as the genuine.
A PRETTY COMBINATION.
The round waist, arranged with graceful
curves and a full vest top In resemblance to
the jacket shape, is one of the most becoming
and therefore deservedly popular modes. It
is seen alike in separate waists and in cos
tumes of one fabric. The design lends itself
unusually well to the employment of these
fabrics and is thus specially adapted to the de
velopment of inexpensive yet stylish gown.
Take, fo.r instance, a mixture in wool of old
blue, which is well covered by bunch threads
in black. The entire costume was of this.
The vest waa of black chiffon over black silk,
the revers were of blue velvet with a narrow
jet edging in tiny points which turn lrum the
edge.
Another gown of mixed wool in whlrh green
predominated over several other colors had
the sleeves and V of peau de soic in myrtle
green; the revers were of black velvet.
A brown crepon had a velvet body and revers.
The skirt and sleeves of the crepon. The V
was of creamy lace over white satin.
A black and* grass-green mixture in wool had
ftVof green satin mixed with black chiffon;
the revers were of green velvet.
An extra waist of the new silk with indis
tinct flowers had revers of rose velvet to match
the flowers in silk. The V was of la<"e ovar
white satin. A rose colored belt and collar waa
worn with this— the Utter to be replaced at
times by a collar of white satin ribbon.
Another waist designed for evening wear
was of blue peau de sole. The sleeves and V
were of chiffon to match over the silk. The
revers were of heavy lace. A white satin rib
bon belt and collar were worn.
A waist of dark sapphire blue made after
this model had V and revers of yellowish lace
over white satin. The collar was of white
satin ribbon, finished with an immense bow
at the back. A full frill of la.cc stood out from
the top of the collar.
No belt was worn with thia, the overlapping
point being adorned witn a handsome enam
eled button. The effect of this waist worn
without a belt Is very stylish.- ■./■■ V |
Soft chewing molasses candy. Townsend's.* c
•— « — •
Fresh buttercups, a pound. Townsend's.*
• — ♦ •
■ ;; Townsexd's famous broken candy, 10c alb. *
« ♦ •« —
Yvette Guilbert announces that she ha 3
given up cycling because it causes her to lose
her memory. ■.
— : ' » ■» — » ' -■'!'."-
Toup.ists are invited to call and examine our <
California glace fruits, only 50 cents a pound, •
in Japanese baskets. Townsend's, 627 Market.*
• • • »
Fpecial infoimation daily to manufacture:*,
bnfiness houses and public men by the Preii
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. ' o
. . , . — *—
I Spring aiul Summer, 1896.
The undersigned members of the Exclusive
Retail Hatters' Association of San Francisco
have agreed upon Saturday, February 29, aa
their opening day for the Tew spring styles: .-• '
C. Herrmann & Co., 328 Fisher & Co., 9 Montgy
Kearny street C.Coleman, 130 Kearny
Eugene Korn, MktCohl Hros., 226 Kearny
M. a.Harloe,'237Keamy J. Porceer, 1109 Market
J. C. Mfus.sdorffor & Groom <fc Hagan, 943
Son, 534 Third Marker ■ „--•• — '-■
M Meus6dorffcr,.. 135 K. Meu&do'rffer & Son,
Montgomery 8 Kearny
Kahn Bros., 1108 Mkt California Hat Work?,
K. A. Lundstr.om, 605 111 Fourth
Kearny. * Jansen&Thiele,lo46th
— » — <•> — «. — - —
Guest— Landlord, I want to be called at 7
o'clock sharp to-morrow morning.
Landlord— All right, sir, I'll wake you my
self. • ! ; %": i:} '. - .•_ ;■■
"Are you sure that you won't oversleep?
Have you an alarm clock?" '
"No, but we have a — Spare Moments.
"I Had several pimp!e3 on, my face nnd a large
boil on one hand. I began laking Hood's Sarsaua
illa and after using three bottle* I was cured" J.
W. Johnson, 3 South Broderiek Bt., San Francisco.
• ♦ — •
Db. Siegebt's Angostura Bitters, the celebrated
appetizer and invigoratcr of the digestive organs
is now used all owrtlie world.
■ » » ■» —
"Brown's Bronchiai, Tboches" are the sim
plest, quickest and most, effectual remedy for
Bronchitis, Asthma aud Throat Diseases. : .
Care, worry dread anxiety, whiten the hair too
early. ' Stop fretting, use Pabkkr's Hair Balsam:
and save both life and color to the hair.
' • NEW TO-DAY.
reaTestate
FOR SALE BY v
Bios. lape Sons,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
' And Publishers "Beal Estate Circular." '
4 Montgomery Street,
. 1510.\ TRI'ST BULDNG, CORSER MARKET.
NEW PROPERTY.
'Growing rental property; X. of Market: close to
Fourth and Market s;s.: fair frame improvements
and large lot: rents $585; $165,000; half can re-
main on mortgage.' ■ !•" . •. ■; :,' J t-r .'■'
Front st. ; on the best part of the street :i 2-story
brick: remsslBs: same business for years; $31,-
-500. . _J ..- - *
California St.; best wholesale Investment; large
loi and brick building: rt n;s $585; $95,000. °
Sutter-su.lot; -good frontage and dtpib; inside
of Liirkin: $11,000. ■- - ■ -:.- > ; b »
Pacific aye. ; best portion; N l ,' side: fine marine
view: residence and lot 64x137 :6; $26,600.
Corner: reduced to $3000; 50x114; Caitro «nd
Fourteenth sts.; streets sewered and macadam-
ized. ; ;-°.° . -°
INVESTMENTS. c :
Near East and Market sts.; 75x119:6: 2 fronts;;
rents $225; fine Investment: only $40,000.
Clay St., near Davis; brtclc building; rent* $150;
good frontage; oaly $23,000.
Geary St.. N. side, near Larkin; 27:0x120; build-
ings on front and rear street: 514.000.
Page st. and Rose aye., 1 looking out to ' Market
St.. bet. Franklin and Gough; 27:8x120: fronting
Doth streets ; cottage and 2-story dwelling; *12,00 U.
Ueary-st. corner; "8-foot front: rents $123; near
Taylor st. •
.- Sixth st., W. side, nfar Bryant: 50xS5 and 3-
. story; 2 stores Delow and 6 lemints upstnirs: rents
low, $69; $9000, half can remain on mortgage. .
- i HOUSES AXD LOTS.
Jackson St.. north side, near.Fiilmore: modern
2-atory residence and lot 25x127:3; $8000. .
" House and lot— Franklin St., near Washlngton;-
-$ll,OOO. . . • - . •. ' * "
Pacific aye., near Octavla St.: fine . residence, 13
room! and modern; first-class order: line view;.
$11,500.:
Gctavia St.. west aide, between Broadway and
Vallejo: 26x112 :6 «n<l 2-6 tory, 8 rooms; in very
good order: tine view of bay: street bitumlnized;
only*tiOO(j: easy terms. ,
Octuvia sr. uml Hickory aye.; corner and 2-story
and basement house in good order; between Oak
and Fell at: $5125. / -S \1 DBDAY FEBRUARY 29. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin- Thkatkr.— "VlrKinlus."
California Thfathi- "The Bicycle Gtrl."
iii.rMiiu TiiKATKR--"The OM I-lmeklln."
Morosco's Opkra-Hovsk— " l'nlse of New
York.
TivoLiOi-ERA-Hoi-SK.— "Dsl I'relschutz.*'
Orphki-m.— High-Class Vn'udevltlP.
Hydvitß'B Air>7AK.- ' I.ily of Killarney."
A i r-iTditiiM — Eddy and Jones streets—
Sousa's IVerless Hand.
<Joi.j>kn Qatk llai.i-— Carr-Beel Concert, this
afternou, at 11:15 o'clock.
California Thkatkr. -Grand benefit tendered
the Theatrical Mechanics' Association, to-morrow
afternoon, at 1:45 o'clock.
MACioNorr.H Theatkk (Oakland)- " Trilby," 1
Wednesday, March 4.
Shoot t>iv Crcttk*— Daily at Halght street
<i«■ I lock < ast of rhn I'ark. '
I +•> I'iMßirr Track Uacp«.
AUCTION SALES.
By V< Bhkik Co. — Thursday, March 5,
B«<] Kstate, at Salesroom, 513 California street,
fit 13 o'clock.
By Wtitiam .T. DlXOKK— Saturday, March 7.
Oakland and Alameda Keal Kstate. Nt salesrooms,
460 and 4&J. Kiaiuii sir-«-i. Oakland, at '_» o'clrck.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Sun Francisco Flv-eastin.g Club held its
annual election last night.
Dayid sturr Jordan lectured last night on
the ellowEtone National Park.
• - band opened the Auditorium under
its new management last night.
M yesterday's meeting of the state Horti
rultursl Society two interesting papers were
read.
Pr. William Fitch Cheney lectured at Cooper
Medical College last evening on " Baby's
Righta."
The San Francisco Symphony Orchestra cave
its tH'h concert yes'.erdav afternoon in Golden
Gate Ha',!.
Reuben Kickard, the well-known silver and
iea;l mining man of this coast, died in Western
Australia on Thursday.
Ike 1., Dare Dollar. Sam Leake, Hid ago, Rey
del Tierra and Crawford were tbe winners at
tlie Bay District yesterday.
The Police Commissioners make a personal
inspection of Morton street and agree that the
place must be cleansed of its evil.
Mrs. Stockton did not appear for cross-exam
ination before the ecclesiastical court at the
}ir<t Congregational Church last night.
■Willis Polk, the architect, says the Super
visor? passed upon a desicn for the Sievenson
Memorial Fountain that was unfinished.
The Grand Jury yesterday Indicted Jaspar
Madisou for assault with a deadly weapon.
Madison cut Hugh Murphy with a razor.
Property-owners on Sunnyside avenue have
petitioned the Hoard of Supervisors to declare
void the assessment for grading that thorough
fare.
J. Clifford Hretz, one of the voting men of
the donble sensational wedding last- Tuesday,
deserted his bride a few hours alter the mar
riage.
Dr. W. TT. Preston ha« been ordered by Judge
Beawell to pay Mrs. Marie Seawell ipHO alimony
before next Monday or be in contempt of
court.
Mrs. J. Fonc-erf 1 , ft dressmaker, committed
suicide by asobyxiation at tlie Miramar Hotel
Thursday night. She grieved over the death
of a friend.
A donation of .f 1O for the lepers at the City
Pest bouse was sem to the Call office yesterday.
It was turned over to Steward Keating of that
institution.
Tlie allcr.van"" of $40 a month which Frank
Garcia was ordered to pay his divorced wife,
Helena, has been reduced to $30 a month by
Judge Hunt.
Justice Oroezinirer gave judgment for Mate
Johnson, formerly of the steam schooner Ex
celsior, in his libel suit against Captain John
.-•^n yesteraay.
The marriage of A gda Anderson to Xeil T.
Christiansen has been annulled by .Judge Heb
bard because of a previous existing marriage
of tne plaintiff.
Deputy Clerk 11. A. McCraney of the Supreme
Court, Sacramento, who arrived hen? yester
day, says Sacramento will work very hard for
the State Convention.
"Generally fair Saturday, but with increas
ing cloudiness during the tiny," is the predic
tion for m-.iay's weather issued by Forecast
Official \\ 11. Hammon,
The Coroner's jury yesterday rendered a vsr
■ the effect "that butler Frank Miller
the burglar in J. L. Franklin's house
ting his own life.
Bey. Dr. Jacob Voorsane'-r in his lecture last
denounced all politico-religious organi
zatio:;3 as being composed of traitors to the
constitution of the United States.
The Merchants' Association has addressed
the Board o£ Supervisors, urging that directo
ries of the floors of the City Hall be placed at
corridor crossings in the building.
1 he People's Home Bank directors will sue
about one hundred and fifty of the stockhold
ers for the unpaid capital stock, and expect to
get about if 75,000 through this means.
Judge Hebbard has rendered judgment in
favor of <ieorge Richards in his suit against the
French Gulch Gold Mining Company. He
bued to prevent a delinquent sale of his stock.
Supervisor Taylor yesterday ordered a reso
lution drafted instructing the Chief of Police
to deta;i a patrolman to guard the City
treasury during the hours when the vault is
kept open.
The wedding ot two graduates of the Deaf
and Dumb Institute at Berkeley, Miss Lydia
Adeline Hatch of Millsholm and Josenh Becic
of Salt Lake City, took place at Millsholm on
Thursday.
The United Plates District Attorney was yes
terday instructed to begin suits against'the
Central and Southern Pacific to quiet title
\i> land alone the line of railway from Sacra
mento to San Jose.
Arthur W. Kinney, member of the Republi
can State Central Committee from Los Angeles
< nuntv. is here. He says there is intense in
terest In Republicanism in Los Angeles this
year. He thinks the majority will be fuilv
feooo.
Cnited States District Attorney Foote ex
plains the reason for bringing the great land
6iiit> against the Visitation, Las Pulgas and
Carte de MRdera ranches, llacta discussion is
being indulged in by wealthy land-owners and
attorneys.
The fiasensoveig Company, which was at
tached some months ago. has reincorßOr&ted
with a capital stock of $75,000, 935,100 of
which has I* -en subscribed. The directors are
11. W. Newbauer, A. Schevabaeher, 11. H.
Hr earner, James Kalph and T. E. Ryan.
The Labor Council of San Francisco met last
night and refined to adopt the platform ami
declaration of principles adopted by the labor
convention two weeks ago. A hostile spirit to
the convention and its political-economic
platform was manifested in the council.
\V. J. Arkell, owner of Judge, arrived here
last night. He left his family at B&nt&'Cnu,
where they have been for a few days. Mr.
Ariceli says Cleveland is ossified, condemns
Piatt as being unnecessary in politics, like the
appendicitis to man, and says New York poli
ticians are "jollying" Governor Morton.
CANNOT SELL STOCK.
Victory of George Richards Over the
French Gulch Mining
Company.
Judge Hubbard has rendered judgment
in favor of George C. Richards in his suit
against tne French Gulch Gold Mining
Company. The action was brought to
straighten out the tangle over 80. 000 shares
of the stock of the company. The stock
was pledged by J. W. Oonant, a director
in the company, to Wilson T. Smith, to
recure a loan of $0000. Smith afterward
transferred it to ilichards and then
an assessment was levied and Richards'
stock was going to be held up for sale for
delinauency, but an injunction stopped
this. In the meantime, Conant's original
indebtedness having matured, Richards
demanded it and then in default of pay
ment he sold the security, buying it in
himself. In consequence he became the
absolute owner.
In his suit for an injunction Richards
included also a pica to declare the assess
ment invalid and to oust the directors who
levied it. The demand to oust the direc
tors was withdrawn, however.and Richards
lias secured favorable judgment on the
remaining points.
New Meat Regulation.
The new United States meat inspecting reg
ulation will go into effect at this port on Sun
any. Under the new law no meat can be ex
ported from San Francisco up less it bears the
■lamp of the Government.
WHITE SAILORS
AGAINST CHINESE
English Seamen Object to
Being Ousted by-
Mongols.
TROUBLE ON THE DORIC.
A Chinese Crew Put on Board
by the Southern Pacific
Company.
THE CAUCASIAN CREW OBJECT.
If Matters Are Forced There Will Be
a Free Fight and Blood
May Flow.
There is trouble— serious trouble— on the
British steamer Doric, which arrived from
Liverpool last Wednesday night. There
are now two crews aboard and there is no
The Tug Millen Griffeth Putting the Chinese, Who Came Over on the Belgic to Take the Places of White Sailors and Firemen on the
Doric, Aboard*
love lost between them. One gang is com
posed of Chinese and the other of Caucasi
ans. The latter are in possession of the
decks and firerooms and refuse to vacate.
If the Chinese seek to force matters there
will be a tight and tne Mongolians will
surely get the worst of it.
British Consul Moore was aboard the
Doric yesterday nearly all the afternoon
trying to adjust the differences, but failed,
and a deadlock has ensued. The white
crew of the ' White Star" steamer insist
on staying by the vessel until she returns
to Liverpool, but the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, the charterers of the
Doric, insist on putting Chinese in their
place. "The -octopus' is opposed to white
labor, and it will not pay $20 a month for
seamen and firemen when it can get
Chinese to do work for $7 50,' said a
sailor yesterday.
When the Doric left England for San
Francisco a crew was shipped at £4 a
month for the trip to this port and back
to an English port. The vessel had barely
sailed, however, before the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company had con
tracted in Hongkong for a Chinese crew
■ to be sent to San trancisco to meet the
• steamer here. The Chinese arnvea here
on the Belgic last Thursday night, and
were transferred to the Doric by the tug
Millen Griffith yesterday.
When the tug got alongside with her
horde of coolie laborers aboard the men
in possession madeademonstration. They
j refused to handle the Mongolians' bag
j gage, and finally a number of the Chinese
j had to get on board by means of a rope
I lowered by the chief officer. They then
• put down a rope-ladder and the remainder
I of the coolies got aboard, after passing up
their luggage. The Chinese are a line,
healthy set of men, and compare more
than favorably with the Chinese crews of
the other vessels controlled by Collis P.
Huntington.
It was when the Chinese had managed
to get aboard the Doric that the deadlock
j occurred. The sailors would not allow the
j Chinese to take their places, while they
themselves refused to work until the diffi
culty was adjusted. It was then that Con
sul Moore was sent for and a representa
! tive of the Southern Pacific also put in an
appearance. The men stated their griev
ance and the Consul sided with them.
When, however, the railroad company of
fered to pay the men at the rate of £4 a
month from the time they left Liverpool
up to date and to pay their passage back
to England the Consul sided with the rail
road. The men refused the offer, how-
I ever, and held the fort, while the Chinese
went below and made themselves as com
fortable as possible.
While the Millen Griffith was along
side with the Chinese crew aboard a
proposition was made to throw the lirst
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1896.
one of the Mongols that came over
the side of the Doric into the bay. Better
counsels prevailed, however, and the Chi
nese were allowed to ro aboard.
"It is just this way," said Harry Ed
wards, one of the crew, yesterday. "We
shipped in Liverpool fora voyage to San
Francisco and back to an English port at
£4 a mouth. Now that we are here we find
that our places have been tilled by Chi
nese. They wanted to pay us off at once
and have done with the 'matter, but we
can't see it in that light.
"Next they offered to pay our way bark
to Liverpool, but ihat was only after the
British Consul was called in. We won't
accept that offer either, and there is where
the trouble conies in. It is just this way.
If we went back to a British port on the
Doric we would have at least another
month's pay coming to ns. Let the South
ern l'acilic pay us a month's wages and
our passage money and the Chinese can
have the job just as soon as they please.
Of course they could run the Doric up to
British Columbia and discbarge us there,
but the game would not be worth the can
dle, so I think we will cain our point."
In the meantime the Doric has two
crews on board. The Caucasians are
handling the vessel while the Chinese are
doing nothing and reveling in the pros
pects of doing nothing and still drawing
pay fcr several days to come. If an at
tempt is made to put the coolies to work
there will be a row, and the Britishers
say that the chances are that they will
not get the worst of it.
RIFLEMEN AT SHELL MOUND.
Captain Siebo Will Open the Jtnnge
fur the Summer Season.
The rililemen will be out in full force at
the Shell Mound shooting range to-mor
row. Captain L. Siebe, the proprietor,
will open the park and range for the sum
mer season under the auspices of the Nord
deutscher Schuetzen Club. Six targets
will be used by this club for the prize
shooting, which will be open to all
comers.
All of the other targets on the range will
be in use by the following organizations,
which will hold their regular medal and
prize shooting: Company A, Fifth In
fantry, N. G. C. ; Division C, Naval Bat
talion; San Francisco rfchuetzen Verein,
Deutscher Krieger Schuetzen Verein and
the Independent Rides.
GOETHE-SCHILLER FESTIVAL.
Another Kntrrtainuient to Be Held at
Klntracht Hull in the Mission.
From the Goethe-Schilier fair a number
of valuable prizes remain. Also about 700
of the literary souvenirs of the festival
which were sold at that time at 50 cents
each are still on hand. In order to dis
pose of these, as welt as to bring the fund
for the monument up to $10,000, the
Goethe-Schiller Monument Association
has arranged for a festival under the aus
pices of the turning and singing societies,
to be held on the evening of March H at
Eintracht Hall in the Mission. The pro*
gramme will consist of literary exercises,
music, singinc and dancing. Tickets are
on sale at the following places: A. Becker,
14 Third street; H. Beverson, 535 Fourth
street; Robert CaDello, 118 Montgomery
street, George Kutz, 836 Valencia street; A.
Schohay, 302 Hayes street; J. Sievera, 25
Post street; A." Entzmann, 308 Battery
street; l<\ \V. Barkhaus, 'Jl3Kearnv street,
and Verei'i Eintracht Hall, 237 Twelfth
street. Kach ticket entitles a uentleman
and as many ladies as he wishes to take to
admission to the festival. The committee,
of which Mr. A. Kntzmann is the chair
man, is working hard to make this as suc
cessful as the recent festival at the Pavil
ion, and it is confidently expected that the
necessary sum of money w ill result.
• — * — •
Xouis Schosser Dead.
Louis Sciiosser, aged 7 years, who was run
over by a San Jose train at Sixteenth and Har
rison streets on Thursday, nied at his mother's
botne at 2133 Sixteenth street yesterday. An
iuquest will be held.
rloini I. llpson Indicted.
The United States Grand Jury yesterday
indicted John F. Upson for sending matter
relating to lotteries through the mails. He
wus released on $500 bail.
Sifteil From the Klood
By the kidneys, Impurities pass off harmlessly.
The Inactivity of the. organs named not only cause
these Impurities to remain ami poison the .system,
Iju- also leads to the degeneration and destruction
of the organs tli«mselves. Prevent Br gut's rtia
ease, diabetes, dropsy, gravel and other ailments
which affect the kidneys aud bladder with Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters, v.-hlch likewise overcomes
malarial, dyspeptic, bilious, nervous and rheum
atic cuiui'lainls.
SHOT IN SELF-DEFENSE.
The Coroner's Jury Vindicates
the Butler, Frank
Miller.
THE HOBO NOT BELIEVED.
Captain Lees* Theory Spoiled by a
New Hobo, Who Slipped on the
Question of Time.
The Coroner's jury declared yesterday
in tneir verdict that Butler Frank Miller
killed the unidentified burglar in J. L.
Franklin's house on the morning of the
17th inst. while defending his own life.
That meant to say tha l ; the hobo who
testified as to Miller inviting him to come
to the Franklin house was Iving.
Another hobo was introduced into the
case yesterday morning to corroborate the
opium tiend of the day before, but they dif
fered fatally in the very essential element
of time.
Frank Hays, the hobo of the first in
stance, had said that he met Frank Millar,
the young butler, on Kearny street be
tween 10 and 12 o'clock on the night of
Tuesday, the 11th inst., and that Miller
had invited him to come to Franklin's
house the following evening and he would
give him $5 and a suit of clothes— which
Mr. Hays in his statement spelled
"cloathes."
Mr. Hays presented a slip of paper on
I which directions were written how to find
I t lie place. This writing was compared
With some other known to be that of
Miller's and certain resemblances were
alleged to be traced. But Hays said he
had another link to add to his chain, and
the result was that E. S. J. Riley, hobo
and draughtsman, was placed on thestand.
He said that between 7 and 8 o'clock on
the evening of Tuesday, the 11th, he met
j Frank Hays on Kearny street, and Hays
told him that he had 40 cents and an order
for a suit of clothes, which were to be
giv*n to him if he would call for them on
the following evening.
"What time was it?" asked the Coroner.
"Between 7 and 8 o'clock in the even
ing."
•The subsequent testimony of Mr. Riley
had little interest for either Captain Lees
or t he Coroner.
Hays was recalled and confessed that he
had been a tramp since he was 15 years of
age, and had not worked at anything
within the past three years.
A juryman asked him to explain how it
was that while he trad met Miller between
10 and 12 o'clock, according to his own
story, he (Hays) was able to tell Riley
about the interview between 7 and 8
o'clock, according to Riley' 8 story.
This was the first intimation that Hays
had of the discrepancy in their testi
mony, and he said he did not know how
that was. He confessed to having been
arrested a number of times for vagrancy.
He was allowed to go.
Miller was recalled and questioned by
Captain Lees as to his mental condition,
asking him plainly if he considered him
self all riL'ht in the head.
Miller said he was sure of it; there was
nothing wrong with his hep.d.
F. J. Knoles, locksmith, testified that
he was at the Franklin house early on
the day after the killing, examined the
locks and wires, and found in the lock of
the door leading from the kitchen a broken
key. Part of the key was in the lock, and
he extracted it. The escutcheon was in
dented as though some instrument had
been forced into it, and the end of the key
bore marks as though pliers had been used
upon it.
Detective Bee. J. L. Franklin and others
of his household and ofh'ceis of the Cor
oner'sand police force gave further testi
mony or. lines that have been covered,
and without developing any new featnre
to the story.
The jury retired, and in a few minutes
returned with the verdict, vindicating the
young butler as stated.
Mr. Franklin and his family were evi
dently greatly rejoiced, and shook Miller
warmly by the hand. Miller thanked the
jury, and then Franklin led the Coroner
and a number of friends away to dinner.
CAPTAIN LEES SPEAKS.
He Is of the Belief That Millar Is Not
the Hero Some Believe
Him.
Captain Lees is quite astonished, in a
way, that the Coroner's jury exculpated
Fiank Miller from all blame.
"1 am not in a position to say much in
the matter of that jury," he stated, "but
they are not the representative class of
men I would have liked to see impaneled
in a case so serious as this one is. As a
matter of fact, I do not believe they ren
dered their decision in accordance with
the evidence.
"Now, I will review the whole case for
you," he added, "but I wilJ preface it by
saying that my private opinion is that
there is something wrong about Miller.
The questions I asked him when I caused
the women to leave the Coroner's office
indicate what I mean. Added to this, the
fellow says he is only 1!) years old, when,
by his own admissions, covering the time
he reached this country at 9 years of age.
he traveled from State to State, he is more
than 2'J years of ace.
"He does not properly account for him
self at any time. It is a positive fact that
on the night of Tuesday, when he claims
to have been in bed in Franklin's house at
i) o'clock i:i the evening, he was not there.
The servant girl is positive of this fact, for
she used Miller's room in which to do her
writing until late in the night, wheu she
left because the place was too lonely.
"It was on this Tuesday nignt that the
tramp claims he met Miller on Kearny
and Clay streets, walked up to Dupont
and down Sacramento.
"I want to say this about the tramp: His
statements have been corroborated in every
respect. He and his friend Riley, another
tramp, were besreing on the street. Riley
was ialf a block away from the other fel
low, Hays, who was walking with Miller.
When Hays returned he and Riley went
to the saloon on Sacramento street where
the tramps generally meet ar.d get their
soup and two glasses of beer for tive cents.
It was in this place Hays told Riley and
another man of the proposition made to
him by Miller— to go to the big white house
at California an-i Halrer streets where he
was to sit on the back steps and get two
bundles.
"This, remember, was told immediately
after the conversation with Miller, and
there was no reason for this one tramp
to lie to his friends. He. also produced
Miller's note, which I have now, giving
him directions how to reach the place.
"So as to make doubly sure that Hays
was telling a straight story 1 took two
photographs of Miller, one I got from
Portland and another taken here. I mixed
them with a dozen others of young men
who looked something like Miller and I
asked Hays to pick out the man who
had offered him $5 and a suit of clothes.
He first picked the Portland picture and
then he picked the other one.
"Better still, on the day I knew Miller
would go to the Coroner's office I had
Hays stand around there to see if be could
recoznize Miller when he passed. I re
reniained fifty feet away and watched the
proceedings. When Miller came along
Hays knew him at a glance and gave me
the agreed signal by raising his ringer.
"At that same moment Miller saw Hays
and wa3 startled. He immediately' drew
his handkerchief and wiped his forehead,
covering his face from view.
"As to the condition of affairs at the
Franklin house, I will say that it is unsat
isfactory. There is no chance for any one
to open that kitchen door from the out
side." The hole made in the wire screen
and window would not admit a child's
hand. The carving of the other kitchen
door leading into r.he house was purposely
done by an amateur, who cut it in a bung
ling fashion and without any intent to
afford a means of reaching the lock.
'•The fellow Miller, in my judement,
must have done all this himself and then
tipped a lighted candle over, so as to let
the urease drip over the floor.
"1 he remainder of the story can only be
surmised. Whether Miller brought the'
tramp there or not, whether he shot the
tramp or the tramp shot him must be
solved by some one else. There is one
thing I believe, and that is that for reasons
best known to himself, Miller pinched the
skin ol his neck with his left hand, drew it
out and shot through it, so as to make but
a slight wound. The buliet went in and
came out within a space of quarter of an
iiicij, touching nothing but the cuticle.
"In making its exit, however, the bullet
carried away the top of Miller's thumb.
_ NEW TO-DAT. ■> ;
jo^^£& "Pure and Sure." .- ■. - - .■• -
Baking Powdei^
"The results obtained by the use of Cleveland's
Baking Powder have always been satisfactory."
Fannie M. Farmer, Principal Boston Cooking School.
You can see where tte powder burned the
skin and face, which would naturally be
the result if the weapo.n is held close to
the wound."
Frank Miller agreed to Captain Lees'
request that the reporters be allowed to
call upon him last evening and make a
personal examination of his wounds as
well as to get his statement of how they
were inflicted. When the newspaper men
called, in accordance with the appoint
ment, they found that Miller would neither
speak nor allow himself to be examined.
Captain Lees has decided that he will
submit his theory to District Attorney
Barnes with a view to having a warrant
issued for the arrest of Miller on a charge
of murder.
POPULAR MUSIC.
The San Francisco Symphony Orchestra
Gives Its Fifth Concert in Golden
Gate Hull.
The fifth concert of the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra took place yesterday
afternoon in Golden Gate Hall and, as
usual, an excellent programme was per
formed.
Yesterday's was a popular concert, con
sisting entirely of semi-classical and pop
ular music without any symphony. The
programme opened with the overture to
"Der Freischutz," which was played with
a full appreciation of Weber's beautiful
orchestration. The transcription of airs
from "Ernani" was rendered with plenty
of animation, and of course aroused warm
applause, as Verdi in hie popular vein is
almost sure to do when well rendered.
Another popular number was the Mul
ler-Berghaui? arrangement of Liszt's "Sec
ond Hungarian Rhapsodic." which was
played with all due verve and capricious
ness. Handel's ever nopular "Largo" was
also on the programme.
The soloist was Donald de V. Graham,
whose singing is so excellent that one re
crets he is not heard a great deal oftener.
Mr. Graham sang with school and finish
Handel's aria from "Semele," "Where
E'er' You Walk," as well as songs by Tosti
and Meyer Helmund.
The programme was cleverly constructed
to pander both to the popular as well as
to the more severe musical taste. In addi
tion to the numbers above mentioned the
well-known "Entre'acte Gavotte," by
Gil Jet, for strings, and Dvorak's brilliant
"Slavish Dunce No. 2 were played. The
whole performance was received with
warm applause by a thoroughly appre
ciative audience. The attendance showed
a marked increase in numbers, and was a
visible proof of the fact that the enterprise
of the musicians in organizing conceits of
their own is meeting with the public ap
preciation it deserves. J. H. Howe, as
usual, conducted.
Jeronie Lincoln's Will.
The will of Jerome Lincoln, who died Feb
ruary 23. has been tiled for probate. The will
is dated March 1, 18t>t>, and leaves all his prop
erty to his wife, Philanda. In a codicil dated
May 123, 1882, he adds a bequest of $7500 to
each of his children. There la no evidence
giving the value of the estate, but it is known
to be considerable.
NEW TO-DAT.
§Kow Do
These
riluuS
OnrCustoLrs. Suit You?
Trusses $1 50
Elastic Stockings 'Z 60
Galvanic or Karadic Batteries 5 00 j
Electric Belts 4 00
Don't buy an Electric Belt until you have
• ; seen ours.
Ear Horns 2 50
Obesity Belts 2 25
Scott's English Catarrh Cure, 6 months'
treatment, price 3 50
Call for free trial.
Crutches, per pair.. 2 50
Eye Glasses and Spectacles at one-half optician
prices. Glasses fitted by a scientific Optician. •
We have a large stock of Shoulder Braces, Rub-
ber Cushions. Air Pillows, Uterine Supporters,
Rubber Urinals, Elastic Stockinzs, Leggings,
Anklets, Knee Caps, etc., at Cut Rates.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
853 IVTarltot Street,
South side. bet. FHth and Sixth.
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
A
2Sr Al TA7AD
f\ I— w/\ jl. /\ rx
LEAP YEAR MATI\ErTODAV. FEB. 29.
MATINEK TO-MORROW (SUNDAY).
PRICKS— ISc, 25c, 35c and 50c.
THE CARLETOiI OPERA COMPANY
iry . . ...
"LILYOFKILLARNEYI"
Jfg-The Operatic Success of the Season.
Sight Prices— lsc^2sc, 35c, 50c and 75c.
. ' Monday— -"FKA DIATOLO."
THE AUDITORIUM,
Corner of Eddy and Jones sts.
Friedlandek, Uottlou & Co., -Lessees&Manafceri
THEY HAVE CAPTURED THE CITY !
Sousa's 4£F^l
WOKLD-FAMOUS K^«- Ji
CONCERT BANDI m^H"
JOU.\ riiii.ii soisa. sßh
THE MARCH KING — _^gBBT
Assisted by the Brilliant Artists: l^^®^^
MISS MYRTA FKEXI H, Soprano.
MISS CUKKIK DUKE. Violinist.
MR. AKTHUU PKYOR, Trombone.
FIRST MATINEE THIS AFTEBNOON.
SPECIAL MATINEE SUNDAY.
Last Performance on SUNDAY NIGHT.
Peserved seats on sale at the Auditorium. ■ .
PKICES— SOc, 75c und fl. S
' Box-office open from 9 a. m. to 6 p. jr. .
MARCH 3-ANNA KVA FAY.
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
TO-UA.Y :...'
50tti Carr-Beel Saturday. Pop Concert!
• February 29th, at 3:15 P. M.
MH.CHARLES J. DYER Vocalist.
• ■• : ,' °:MR. SIGMUND BEEL, Soloist.
. Admission— — 5O Cents. '■''-.'■ : ':■■..
MACDONOUGH THEATER
iDAKLAMJi. .
■ NKXT :, MKDXKSDAY-
2 Performances Only— Maclnee at 3, Evening at 8.
A. M. PALMER'S COMPANY in • ,
TKILBY!- —
Original Company. Beats reedy to-day, 9 a.m.
NEW TO-DAr-AMCSEMEVTS.
'p"^ D '
AS T 3 TIBIKS! —
3IATINEE T:)-i> i V TO-NIGiIT
AM) SUNDAY NIGHT.
NELLIE °MciiENRY
NELLIE McHENRY
And Her Excellent Farce-Comedy Company, pr»-
seating
"THE BICYCLE GIRL!"
Urigut Music Catchy SonKs, Pretty Dances.
Beautiful <.iri*. Elaborate Costomea. and
' Effective Scenery. ■>: ■ •;. :
FRIDAY NIGHT, MARCH 6,
VIOLIN KKCITAL!
MARSIOK
The Groat Parisian Violinist.
A 1$ 11. ANT I'KOCKAiMMEr —
Prices— Orchestra. $1 f>o: Dress Circle, fl;
•;;■:.. v- Balcony, 75c; Gallery, 50c.
JOS' SEATS BEADY MONDAY
at. the Box^Office of the
Baldwin Theater.
Monday, March IG,
MILTON HOYLK in "MEXICO."
CALIFORNIA THEATER
Sunday Afternoon, March 1,
GRAND BENEFIT
TENDERED THK
THEATRICAL MECHANICS
ASSOCIATION!
A MONSTKK BILL !
A BKILLIANT AKKAY OF TALENT!
'; Doors open at 1 o'clock.
Performance to commence at 1:45, sharp.
I'KICES OF ADMISSION,
$1.00, sOc and 25c, :
Including Reserved Seats.
aS*^T M E- ATR E= *l Props.
Two Weeks' Engagement— The Favorite Actor,
FREDERICK WARDE
An.i His Celebrated Company.
Mati nee To-day, "THK MO NT HANK"
To-night, Saturday (only time), "VIROINIUS"
NextSlonday — Magnilicent l'rodurtiou of
KINO LEAR
Sunday Niijht, March 1.
j PADEKEWSKI-MAKSICK CONCERT!
vrmtDLAnoLß.c-orn.OD** »• vStsamnutMn—
COME THE
AND BLOOMER
SEE GIRLS.
FREE TO ALL THIS AFTERNOON.
CHARMING
KATIE PUTNAM
"THE OLD LIME KILN
And Little GERTIE CARLISLE.
Next Monday— FREEMAN'S FUN-
MAKERS in "A RAILROAD TICKET."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Kkxestixk Kuelino, Proprietor & Manager
LAST TIM E S ! ,j '
Splendid Electric Production of
"DER FREISCHUTZ"
" OR
••THE SEVEN CHARMED BULLETS"
CAST INCLUDES
Ida Valerga, XV. 11. West,
Anna Schnabel, Marcel Perron,
Kate Marchi, Arthur Koyce.
Martin. Pache, < John J. i:;i.) i.l.
G. Napoleoni, Etc. .
Grand Chorus ! Superb Orchestra!
Next Week- "RIF VAN WINKLE."
Keappearance of the Favorite soprano,
MISS CARRIE ROMA.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTEK MOKOSCO, Sole Lessee and ilanager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
. Howard Taylor's Masterpiece,
PULSE OF NEW YORKI
In Which Will Be Introduced New and
Astounding Mechanical Effoctn. ■
SEE The Pile-Driver Scene! The Elevated Rail-
road The Sensational ilie Scene I
: Sventxo PBICE3— 2So and s>i
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c.
Usual Matinees unlay ana Similar.
ORPHEUM.
OT«rrell Ptreet. Between stoclcton an! Pa ys'L.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). FEB. 29.
I'arquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, 10c, any part
7 NEW PEOPLE! 4 NEW ACTS!
A Brilliant List of Celebrities!
THE BROS. DIANTA.
FOREMAN and FANNAN,
THh ROSSLEYS,
ELLA ELLI<,
THE PANIZdRS,
THE WILTONS,
. And Last Week of the Favorites,
CARROLL JOHNSON & BILLY CARTER
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AND
TRIP THE TROLLEYI
TAKE THE CHILDREN TO-DAY.
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AFTERNOOX,
MONiTER balloon ascension
AND
DOUBLE parachute drop
ESSIE VIOLI-anT-EM JURKEBERG.
Concerts Afternoon and Evening.
ADMISSION— 1O CENTS.
Children (Including Merry-Go- Kound Hide), 100.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA~JOCKEY CLUB.
——WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, February 20,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racine .Monday-, Tuesday, Wt"<lnr>.sd;iy, Thur3lay,
Friday and Saturday. Bain or Shin?.
• FlVi, Olt MORB KACEa KACH DAY.
Races start at 15:00 p. m. sharp. . .
- McAllister nnd Geary street car* pass the srato. '
R. B. Jill-KOY. TUO&'U. WIII.IAMSJK.,
Secretary. ■ rresideafc
78
THE FULL PLOT
IS TOLD AT LAST.
Miss Overman Completes
Her Version of the
Scandal.
WHY MRS. TUNNELL LEFT
On Account of Her Age She
Desired to Avoid All Un
pleasant Notoriety.
DEACON BARNARD A WITNESS.
Dr. Brown Makes a Bitter Attack on
Mrs. Stockton— The Crowd Ex
pelled for Cheering.
Mattie Overman/the young woman who
has apparently sacrificed her reputation
in an effort to redeem the good name of Dr.
Charles O. Brown, resumed the witness
chair at yesterday's session cf the council.
The night's rest seemed to have re
freshed this peculiarly important witness
in more ways than one. Her voice was
clearer and every word uttered could be
heard with distinctness throughout the
council chamber. She seemed to be in
tensely relieved at having got over that
part of the story wherein she confessed to
being a blackmailer at heart and a thief
and forger in realty.
With an unconcerned air she picked up
the thread of the unfinished story of the
evening previous, running it out to the
end witti as much nonchalance and mi
nuteness of detail as though she were re
lating some choice tidbit of gossip in a
sewing society.
Miss Overman did not neglect the loose
ends of a narration, but with much clever
ness whipped them into line until, as she
said, there was nothing more to tell.
Beginning at the point where she left off i
Thursday night — that is, her vain attempt I
to recover the Tunnell Jetters — Mi«s Over
man said she desired it understood that
Mr.-. Brown had never heard the explana
tion she was then making, and, : further,
that l»r. Brown had not Known of it until
Saturday night. . • .
Running rapidly over the succeeding
events the witness reached that part of her j
statement when she lirst learned of Mrs.
Davidson's duplicity. Quite by chance
one day she ruet Dr. Brown on line street,
near K"earny. At the request of the rever
end gentleman she accompanied him to
the church study. There it was all the
horrible details of Mrs, Davidson's wicked
act Bashed upon her. She remembered
everything but the Tunnell. letters.
, Dr. Brown brought about this revelation
as gently as possible by asking: if she knew
Mrs. Baddin. Miss Overman, disclaimed
all knowledge of such a person, whereupon
the pastor, then laboring under intense
excitement, said that Mrs. Davidson bad
■'secured $500.f0r the witness.
'Then it dawned upon me," said Miss
Overman, "that Mrs. Davidson had kept
me there for a purpose." . ■ ■■
The witness related/how she had brought
the alleged blackmailer into the presence
of. Dr. Brown, and with threats and tears
impi:.red lier to disgorge her ili-gotten i
pains.
"You have it in your skirts now — give it
back to him, or I will have.you arrested."
is wiiat Miss Overman declares, she said
to Mrs. Davidson. Her knowledge of the
whereabouts ot the coin was explained by
Baying that she had picked up the ekirt
one day and heard it rattle as she threw
the dress across the bed.
The young witness then told of Mrs.
Tunnell's visit to {Dr. Brown's house the
Sunday following Mrs. Davidson's arrest.
Mrs. Tunnell came early, remained the
entire day, and, after dinner, when the
pastor and his wife had gone to church,
the scandal was discussed at length. Mrs.
Tunnell declared that she did not care to
be brought into the scandal; tnat she was
old and inf.rm. and, in order to avoid any
complications, she would go away— far
away— to the homo of a friend, and there
remain until s!ie was no longer wanted.
When Miss Overman had finished this
recital she declared that was tlie end of
the story and begged the council to post
pone, the cross-examination for a time.
The moderator gravely acceded to this
request; and. so Miss Overman will not bo
heard again until next Tues<kiy.
At the evening session two new wit
nesses were introduced— Deacon Barnard
and Captain Cook. The former said that
on two occasions following the payment
of the $500 to Mrs. Davidson Dr. Brown
had asked this lady to lead at prayer
meeting. Captain Cook declared, witti
much earnestness, that the pastor had
introduced Mis 3 Overmau to him and
others as his niece.
This created a mild sensation, which
-turned into laughter when the pastor
asked the witness where he had earned the
title of captain. The gentleman refused
to answer this question, saying, however,
that he would do so before a committee.
'lhe sensation of the evening camo when
Dr. Brown abked that Mrs. Stockton be
called. That lady not appearing the rev
erend gentleman leaped to his feet and in
an excited but well-worded speech told
what he intended to ask the missing wit
ness and what he hoped to prove.
When he had finished there was long
and continued cheering. The clamor had
no sooner ceased than a motion was made
and carried that the crowd be expellea
from the room. Then everybody was
sorry for the outburst, but that did not
help matters, for Sexton Pike, tall, gaunt
and determined, had the room cleared in
ten minutes.
O 7- The council will meet again next Tues
day, when the cross-examination of Miss
Overman will commence.
MISS OVERMAN'S STORY.
It Was Taken Up and Finished at
the Afternoon Session.
Dr. Hoyt of Sacramento led in prayer
promptly at 2 o'clock. Dr. Brown was
not in his accustomed chair in front of the
middle of the platform, nor was Miss
Overman to be seen, but they came in
while the scribe was reading tne minutes,
Dr. Brown coming across the platform to
his chair and Miss Overman squeezing ncr
way through the people from the east
door, where she remained out ot view of
the greater part of the audience until she
was called to the witness-chair.
Owing to the density of the crowd, there
being about one hundred persons stand
ing in the rear of the room, the air was
heavy and hot and before proceeding with
the taking of testimony the janitor was
requested to open several windows and a
member of the council moved to clear the
room of all persons who were not provided
with seats. The motion, however, did not
receive a second and was not put to the
council.
Miss Overman took the stand and re
sumed ber story. The following is a syn
opsis of the salient points:
She began by saying that Mrs. Dr.
Brown had never heard this explanation
nor any of the facts related by her until
the preceding night, last Thursday. Dr.
Brown heard these facts last Friday in the
presence of Dr. Williams.
"I wish to say," continued Miss Over
man, "that I came here of my own free
will and simply through a feeling of jus
tice. If I had not been heard before the
council I would have made & statement of
the facts through the newspapers. I was
teiling last night of my returning home
one day about a quarter past noon and
finding Mrs. Davidson there with her bon
net and gloves on. She said that she was
going out for a little walk. She said: 'I
will tell you, my dear; I will be candid
with you. I was on my knees praying
and the Lord spoke to me and said that I
iuould go out and see Dr. Brown.'
'•I thought that it was a remarkable
tiling that the Lord should speak to her.
The Lord had never spoken to me. She
had spent a good deal of time in prayer.
I said, 'I don't think you will find Dr.
Brown in his office at this hour.' Then
she appeared to be confused, and again
she said, M. really didn't think of that.
We will wait a little while.'
"So we chatted about different things
until near 1 o'clock, and then I went back
to school. I returned in the afternoon,
and she told me that she had had a very
pleasant visit in his office with Dr. Brown,
and had met Deacon Morris when she was
there. There was a great burden on her
heart in regard to the closer uniting of the
members of the Temple League with the
church. There was a kind of a separation
between them and she proposed to pray
for Dr. Brown until the Temple League
and he were reconciled.
"She seemed to be perfectly sincere in
her repentance, and I neverdoubted it.
She talked to me considerably about join
ing the church and I concluded that I
would do so. for I had a desire to lead a
Christian life. Mr?. Davidson said that
she would prefer forme to wait and go into j
the church the same time that she did. I
replied that probably I would do so. I be
lieve that was on a Tuesday.
"On my return from school that day I
observed that she was regarding me very
closely — in a studied manner — and I said:
'Mrs. Davidson, what is the matter? You ;
seem to have something on your mind.'
She sat down by me and took my hands in
hers, and said: 'I feel very much grieved
at heart for your sake at something' which |
Dr. Brown said to-day. Well, my dear, i
he told me that ever since you returned to
this City you have annoyed him with your
attentions.'
"I said: 'Yon know that is not true;
that I have always been witti yon, and
that it cannot be true. You know that I i
have not seen Dr. Brown unless in your ;
company.'
•Mrs. Davidson then said, 'I feel quite
insulted about it,' and I said that I also
felt insulted and that I would demand an '
explanation from him. She said that it !
would not do for me to see Dr. Brown, but !
that it would be better to ignore the insult i
and to treat him with dignity. I insisted )
that 1 would see him, and she appeared to j
be v»ry much concerned about my resolve I
and she made me promise that 1 would i
not see Dr. Brown in relation to the I
matter.
" 'Yes,' added Mrs. Davidson, 'he is very |
queer at times and a great many people i
think that he is not right in his mind and j
is not altogether responsible for many
things that he does and says. Of course,
you can reconsider your intention of join- |
ing the church, if you want to.'
" 'Well,' said I.*'l hope you tcld him j
that it was not true and that you didn't !
believe him.'
"When I returned from school the next
afternoon the door was locked and I :
rapped hastily on it. She opened it and I
was coming right in when she closed the
door in my face and said, 'Wait a minute.'
As she opened the door I caught a brief :
glimpse of Dr. Brown inside. When she |
appeared again she told me in the hall
that she was having a private talk with
Dr. Brown and requested me to go out and
take a walk for a while. She seemea to:
be confused. I went out and visited a lady
friend for about an hour. I was very ;
much offended because she had closed the
door in nay face and I didn't Know what
she could have to say to Dr. Brown that I
should not hear. She said she had been j
talking with the doctor with a view of !
effecting a reconciliation between him and
the church and that she felt that Dr. [
Brown was not at all times in his right !
mind.
''On Thursday night at 8 o'clock she put !
on her bonnet and said she was going out.
I didn't have a suspicion in my mind that i
there was anything wrong until she said j
that she was going to Dr. Brown to see !
him at his office, and I said I hoped that
the Lord would change his heart so that
he would apologize and take back what he :
had said about me.
"On that occasion she was gone about ;
an hour, and when she returned she ai>- !
peared to be very much excited. Her
breath was short, and she said that Dr.
Brown had just raved around his ollice I
and saia that the Temple League should !
never come into Ins ottice. I asked her !
Why she did not take off her bonnet, and
•he replied that she must get a little fresh I
air by walking around the block before !
she retired. She went out and was gene
ten or lifteen minutes, at the end of which '
time she returned and said that she felt all
right. I stayed home from school the I
next morning to hear what she had to say, I
and she told me that she pleaded with her j
hands clasped before Dr. Brown that the |
church and its pastor might be united.
"On Tuesday we went to Deacon Dexter's
office, and I was there introduced to Cap- |
tain Cook, who stepped in. I was angry !
with Captain Cook because he put bis
hand forcibly on the table and said that
Dr. Brown had to go. I asked him if he
was a member of the church, and he said i
no, but that ):e had influence, and that '
Dr. Brown would have to go. I tell this
incident for a purpose. 1 '
Miss Overman proceeded to relate how
Mrs. Davidson became more attached to
the Bible. She said that instead of losing '
time for the breakfast to be served she I
would read the Bible. Miss Overman did i
not approve of this innovation, because I
although she liked to read the Bible she <
also liked to read the morning papers for \
the news. That was between November j
22 and December 19.
Dr. Brown interrupted the witness at I
this moment to ask whether Mrs. David
son's visit to his office about the Temple I
League matter was before or after she re- |
ceived the $500 from him, and Miss Over- |
man replied that it was after that event.
The witness next related how Mrs. '
Davidson had talked on the street with !
Mrs. Mason, one Sunday morning for !
about an hour, on religious matters, but ■
the witness had not uttered a dozen words
herself on that occasion. Mrs. Davidson
said: "I have proof that Dr. Brown has
CHARACTER SKETCUES AT DR. BRAWN'S INVESTIGATION,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1896.
CAPTAIN COOK IN THE WITNESS-CHAIR.
reconsecrated himself to the Lord." They
did not agree, Mrs. Mason not seeming to
be inclined to take Mrs. Davidson's word
for it. Mrs. Davidson, on her part, thought
that Mrs. Mason had showed a wrong
spirit, and she said a good many things
against Mrs. Mason that Miss Overman
did not care to repeat before the council.
The next episode in Miss Overman's
very minute narration occurred about the
afternoon of the 19th of December. It was
between 3 and 4 o'clock, and she saw Dr.
Brown in the school looking through the
glass partition at her. She did not pre
tend to see him, and when it came time for
her to go she went out through the Califor
nia Market, and when she reached the cor
ner of Kearny and Pine streets she
found Dr. Brown waiting for her.
'•I said 'Good evening, Dr. Brown.' step
ping up to him and shaking hands with
him, and I added, 'I want to have a little
conversation with you.' He said, 'Per
haps we had better walk up Pine street.'
We did so, and he asked. 'Do you know
anything about a lady named Mrs. Bad
din?' I said 'No,' and he said, ' Are you
sure?' I replied, 'I am positive; 1 never
knew a la<ly of that name.' Then he said,
'Do you know that Mrs. Davidson ob
tained $500 from me in your name?'
"I guess I almost screamed 'Wha-at! !!'
i said, '"What do you mean?'
"We walked up the hill and I could not
realize it — I could not grasp what he had
said. 1 asked him to explain why he had
paid her $500 and he replied: 'She came to
me in your name and the name of Mrs.
Baddin and told me a stoo*,' and he re
peated a little of the story. I asked. 'When
did this happen?' I had been with Mrs. Da
vidson, a longtime and could not realize it.
Then it dawned on me that Mrs. Davidson
had deceived me about the plot we had
made months before, and that she had kept
me to use me as a tool. Dr. Brown and I
walked up into his study and I said, 'Do
you mean to tell me that you paid Mrs.
bavidson $500 in my name? He said, 'Yes,
1 paid it to her and 1 have her receipt for
it. ! 1 said, 'We will co and see Mrs. Da
vidson about it.' Then I decided to wait
till the evening."
-Mi^s Overman then told about her going
home and making up her mind not to say
anything about the matter to Mrs. David
son until tiie proper time arrived, beceuse
as she was guilty it might pat her on her
guard. When Miss Overman got home
she found Mrs. Davidson very much ex
cited over her late arrival, and Mrs. David
son asked her "Where in all the world
have you been ?" Miss Overman replied
tliat she had remained in the schoolroom
for some time after the close of school.
Mrs. Davidson remarked that Mattie had
delayed longer than usual and Mattie an
swered that she had.
"Then," continued the witness, "I sug
gested that as it was late we had better
dress in a hurry, but she didn't seem in
clined to hurry and asked me again as to
the cause of "my cominjr home so late.
I said to her, 'Mrs. Davidson, when I am
at home 1 am at liberty to go when and
where I like and people don't usually say
anything about it.' I didn't wish to say
anything about it then because I didn't
want to spoil her dinner. I told her that
we had an engagement to meet Dr. Brown
in his office in the church at 8 o'clock that
evening and that we must keep it. She
asked, 'What for?' and I told her she
ought to know what for.
"We got ii the cars and rode up to the
church, and when we had just reached the
front o! the church she turned around and
said, '1 won't go a foot farther; Dr. Brown
is crazy sometimes and might kill us.'
"L said, 'Of course, I would not think of
letting you co in there alone.' We went
in and we found Dr. Brown waiting for us.
As soon as we got inside he said, "Excuse
me for a moment, while I see if the out
side door is locked.' When he had gone
outside Mrs. Davidson said, '1 don't like
tliis locking of doors on the outside.' I
said, ' That's all right.' She looked at me
and saw that I nad learned something
which she didn't intend I should know.
Then Dr. Brown came in and said, 'You
told me all the time Miss Overman was in
the plot with you; but that is not the fact.
I want to know why you gr.t this money
from me and used her name?'
"While Dr. Brown was talking Mrs.
Davidson was as pale as death around the
mouth and nostrils; her face was Hushed
and her ears were burning. Dr. Brown
went on and told that three or four weeks
before that time Mrs. Davidson had told
him that she had learned that a woman of
the name of Baddin and myself ant^some
one else had told her the whole story that
JJr. Brown and 1 had gone into a lodging
house; that this woman had watched us
and had seen many things that she should
not have seen. Mrs. Davidson did claim
that she came to him as a friend to inter
cede with this Mrs. Baddin for Dr. Brown.
"When I heard this statement I wa3 al-
I most too indignant to live. I sprang to
I my feet and said to Mrs. Davidson, 'You
infamous creature! Have you dared to go
to Dr. Brown In my name?' I had be
: lieved all along in her sincerity in repent
ing of the plot, and the revelation made
by Dr. Brown made me almost too indig
nant to live. I said, 'You take me to this
so-called Mrs. Baddin ; I want to face her.'
Mrs. Davidson said, 'I have forgotten her
number.' I said, ' You have not forgotten
her number.' Then she said, 'I thinK she
has left the City.' I said, 'She has not left
the City; that" story won't go; you must
take me to her.'
"She replied: 'Well, she has left the
City; she lias gone.' 'Now,' I said, 'Mrs.
Davidson, that lr.oney you had from Dr.
Brown you never gave to Mrs. Baddin,
because you have it sewed up in you
skirt; you have it in your skirt now. Yo
e-ive it to Dr. Brown immediately. Dr
Brown has been wronged in this matter
and I shall not stand it any more.'
didn't want to say too much about it, fo
fear that Dr. Brown would understam
about my participation in the plot.' 1
Dr. Brown here interrupted with a ques
lion, "Will you tell us how you knew tha
she had it sewed up in her skirt?"
"One day," replied Miss Overman, "
came home during Mrs. Davidson's ab
sence and saw he: skirt lying on a chair.
I picked it up and threw it out of the way,
and as I did so 1 noticed that it felt heavy,
and I heard the clink of gold as it struck.
On the 22d of November, when we re
turned to dinner, I took the bag that she
carried, for the purpose of getting the
door key out of it; but she drew it back
quickly, and I heard the gold clink. She
said that she had been to the Postoirice,
and I supposed that this money was some
of her dividends from the Last, of which
she used to speak.
"Well, returning io the scene in the
doctor's office — Mrs. Davidson seemed to
be in a blank condition atid she could not
say anything. I said to Dr. Brown that
we couid not do anything with her and
that we would go home ; that there was no
use in talking to her. When we stepped
outside I whispered in his ear and told
him that I should leave Mrs. Davidson
that night, and I thought he didn't hear
me, for he made no response.
"When Mrs. Davidson and I arrived at
the room she looked furious, and I deter
mined to appeal to her. I said, 'Mrs.
Davidson, you know you have done wrong
again. I suppose this temptation came to
you again. You know that you have the
doctor's money on your person now. You
have said long prayers in my presence,
you have read the iiible every day and
you seemed to b« one of the most excel
lent Christian ladies I ever met. You
used to talk so much about Dr. Brown's
spirituality, how can you be so wicked
after you have repented?' I saw that my
appeal had no effect upon her whatever.
She sat there stubbornly, and then I
changed my course. I called her a hypo
crite and denounced her in glowing terms.
I told her that my mother never talked
about Christianity as she did, and that
she would never think of doing such a
thing as that.
"I started to pack my trunk, and
she told me that 1 shouldn't have it.
Then 1 threatened to go and get a police
officer, and she let me have it. I asked,
'Do I owe you anything, Mrs, Davidson?'
and she made no answer. I thought at '
first that she was going to try and keep !
my truriK. When I got my hat on 1 said, j
'Mrs. Davidson, I have made the last ap
peal to you that I will ever make again.
1 tell you, old lady (I used that term),
this matter has gone entirely too far, and
I will make no more appeals' As I was
going away she called, 'Come back Mattie;
you said you wouldn't believe anything I
would say after this.' I said, 'If that is
all you have to say, I'll go,' and I closed
tbe door."
Miss Overman next detailed how the
landlady had offered to take her in her
room and how she had declined that invi
tation because she did not wish to remain
under the same roof with Mrs. Davidson.
Also that she went out on the street and
asked a policeman to direct her to a hack
man, who took herself and her trunk, at
half-past 11 o'clock at night, to the Pier-
Dont House, at 425 (Jeary street, which he
recommended highly as a respectable
house.
"With all the reporters' sharpness they
never got hold of that," interrupted Dr.
Brown.
Miss Overman went on to say that she
could not sleep that night, thinking how
"the old woman had deceived her. In
the morning she got a hackman to drive
her to the telephone station, from which
place she telephoned Dr. Brown that she
bed left Mrs. Davidson and gave him her
own address. The next morning Dr. and
Mrs. Brown called to see her. Mrs. Brown
invited Mattie to go to her house, but
Mattie did not want to do that. She was
in a confused framo of mind and did not
know what might come out of the affair.
.She did not know but that Mr?. Davidson
might tell all about the plot, but Bhe did
not think such would be the case, because
that would involve herself, so the witness
thought that it would be better to goto
Oakland.
Then she asked Mrs. Brown whetner she
had ever made the remark about her
which Mrs. Y)avidson said that she had,
nnd Mrs. Brown denied having said so.
Having left some of her wearing apparel
at Mrs. Davidson's Miss Overman that
morning went over to the house and
found Mrs. Davidson dressed up and
standing on the sidewalk. Mrs. Davidson
greeted her with "good 'morning," just as
pleasantly as though nothing had hap
pened. Miss Overman informed her that
she did not feel like being very pleasant
toward her and asked whether she had
made up her mind to give up that money.
Mrs. Davidson replied that she had noth
ing to say; that she had to dust her room
and that she could not talk with Miss
Overman that morning. Miss Overman
replied that she would talk with her any
how and followed her around the room.
"I Baid to her," continued Mattie, 'Old
lady, you have used mv name scandal
ously, and you havo blackmailed Dr.
Brown, and there's no use trying to Ret
out of it: you are liable to arrest.' She
was as red as fire and her eyes were blaz
ing. She said to me: 'Mattie Overman,
I have been through the Civil War and I
have letters in my trunk and I'm not
afraid of you.' 1 knew that she hadn't
any letters in her trunk and I wasn't
afraid of her. I said to her, 'I tell you for
the last time if you won't give up that
money I will see that you are arrested.
i on have done a heinous thing.' "
Mrs. Davidson replied by throwing the
door wide open and ordering Mattie ont of
the house with the intention of degrading
her in the eyes of the landlady. Miss
Overman dared her with the remark that
if Mrs. Davidson wanted the neighbors to
know just what kind of a woman Mrs.
Davidson was she would better do it. The
old Jady went out of the house in a rage
and Miss Overman followed her, walking
side by side with her, the witness remark
ing that if Mrs. Davidson wanted a scene
on the street she should begin at once.
Mrs. Davidson was furious and Mattie
• went to Mrs. Tunnell's room for the pur
pose of finding and destroying the falsi
fied letters, but none of Mrs. Tunnell's
effects were there, so she went to Oakland,
where she found Mrs. Tunnell just-ready
to start for San Francisco. To Mrs. Tun
nell Mattie told what Mrs. Davidson had
done, and the good Jady was very much
astonished.
"She didn't know anything about any
of my wickedness in the past," added
Miss Overman.
She came to San Francisco with Mrs.
Tunnell and had lunch with her in the
Co-operative Restaurant at about 9 o'clock
that evening. The next morning Dr.
Brown sent up his card and made a stop of
only a few moments, explaining that he
had merely called for the purpose of
"locating" her. He returned with his
wile and they talked about Mrs. Davidson
and her abuse of Matties name.
That evening Mattie went back to the
Pierpont, at 423 Geary street.
"I came r-ome from church Sunday
morning — " resumed the witness, when
she was interrupted by Moderator Mc-
Lean, who asked what time of the month
was it.
As Miss Overman hesitated Dr. Brown
prompted her with, "The 22d."
"The 22d?" inquired Miss Overman of
the doctor.
"Sunday, December 22," returned the
doctor.
That morning Dr. Brown called upon
her and she told him that if Mrs. David
son was not arrested she, Miss Overman,
would expose her to the world "even if I
Lad to go down with her," she added, "I
should expose her just the same; I should
reveal her hypocrisy to the world."
On Monday Miss Overman declared to
Dr. Brown, in the presence of Mrs. Brown,
that the only thing to do would be to
prosecute Mrs. Davidson. "Although I
really hoped in my heart that she would
getaway," said the witness.
'•The next day I called on Mrs. Mc-
Donald by appointment. She seemed
very reluctant to talk, and so after a brief
; stay I returned home. Very soon Mrs.
! Brown came down and requested that I
j come up to her house. Tins was on Thurs
day. lam now telling that part of the
story immediately preceding the arrest of
Mrs. Davidson. On Saturday morning I
went down to 225 Geary street and heard
that Mrs. Davidson had returned. I at
I once told Dr. Brown, and he said that he
I would take steps to have her arrested. I
then called on Mrs. Tunnell to tell her of
the contemplated arrest of Mrs. Davidson."
Brown — Now is a good time, Miss Over
man, to tell of the meals you took at the
Co-operative restaurant.
Wood hams — I think that is proper cross
examination and had better come in later.
Dr. Brown— All right.
"Mrs. Tunnell and I," continued Miss
I Overman, "then walked out of the door,
when Mrs. Tunnell stepped back and told
the landlady she did not know when she
I would return. We took a long walk, and
I I told her of Mrs. Davidson's contemplated
| arrest. The next morning the scandal ap-
I peared in the papers, as you ail know.
! Seeing that the papers had it I called
■ Vally, Dr. Brown's son, and asked him to
take a note to Mrs. Tunnell. He readily
agreed to do so, with the result that Mrs.
Tunnell came and spent the day in my
room. Not once did she leave it except
to go to lunch. She decided to remain
until Dr. BroT^n and his family came from
church.
"In the evening we talked over the en
tire matter. She said to me:
" 'I tell you, Mattio, let me go away. I
am old and nervous and do not care to be
brought into this. In fact there is no oc
casion to. I can stay with friends in the
lower country. If I can help you in any
way let me know.'
"Mrs. Tunneli added that her friend was
some distance away, but. she would not
tell where, so I could answer truthfully
that I did not know where she was. When
Dr. and Mrs. Brown came in from church
about 10 o'clock Mrs. Tunnell had her hat
on ready to go. She did leave a few mom
ents later, giving me a eood-by kiss.
"On the following Sunday — I think it
was Sunday — some one called at Dr.
Brown's, though I did not know his mis
sion until afterward. Dr. Brown nsked
me if I had ever written any letters I did
not care to have the public "see. Without
thinking I carelessly answered no. Then
like a flash I thought of Mrs. Tunnell's
letters, and it made me ?ick at heart.
When they were published l secured a
copy of the paper, and, alter marking the
worst passages, read the letters, except the
parts marked, to Dr. and Mrs. Brown. I
returned to my room and thought, 'What
on earth will I do about those letters?' I
was miserable and in despir. Then I pre
pared a statement which purported to be
the whole story, and read it to Dr. Brown
and his wife. The former was very much
excited, but accepted my explanation as
all right. Then some friends came in, and
I read the same statement to them, appar
ently perfectly satisfying them. My reason
for concealing these things at the time was
because I wanted to pave myself — you can't
blame me. I hoped the explanation would
do, but later results showed it would not.
"Rumors came to me to the effect that
I was in the conspiracy with Mrs. David
son. On February sor 6 Dr. Brown came
home very much downhearted. lie said
that he had read the letters in their en
tirety for the first time. Then I made up
my mind to tell the whole truth and suffer
the consequences. I told Dr. Brown that
at the proper time I would tell it all. I
thought of running into the newspapers,
but it seemed a terrible thing to tell the
whole world how very wicked 1 had been.
"After I made up my mind to tell the
truth I felt very much relieved. I never
gave Mrs. Brown any but the first ex
planation—she expected to hear that to
day. Dr. Brow.n heard what I have told
for the first time last Saturday night.
Mr. Woodhams was present at the time.
At first Dr. Brown would not allow me to
tell it, but I told him that I would give it
to the newspapers. Then he consented.
I do not know where Mrs. Tunnell is. She
i sent for her clothing by a man, and I
j have received one or two letters from her,
but I do not know her present where
abouts.
"This I think is the principal part" of
my story. If there are points I have not
fully covered I shall be glad to make ex
planation at the proper time."
Mr. Woodhams said he would like to
read certain letters received by Miss Over
man while in Tacoma from Mrs. David
son, and so would postpone the cross
examination until the evening session.
There being no objection the letters
were read, at the conclusion of which Dr.
Brown said his object in introducing such
evidence was to show that Mrs. Davidson
and not himself had been the means of
bringing Miss Overman back to San Fran
cisco.
The council then took a recess until 7
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
Captain Cook and Others Testify.
Dr. Brown Attacks Mrs.
Stockton.
At the evcninc sessisn Dr. Woodhama
read a letter from Mrs. Thurston, saying:
"I never had any thought of injuring Dr.
Dille, and the statement that I am hostile
to any minister of the Gospel is a mistake."
Dr. Brown— l sup-pose this opens up the way
for me to put my witness on the stand.
Woodhams— lt has come to my attention that
certain witnesses have been presented here
and that I have refused to allow them to tes
tify. There was certain testimony which came
to me which I considered improper. This testi
mony can come under rebuttal. This testi
mony is adverse to Dr. Brown. I will resist
any pressure brought against me. However, I
shall cn.ll these witnesses.
The moderator— Does Mr. Woodhams pass on
these questions without consulting the com
mittee 1
Woodhams— l have consulted the committee.
Dr. Brown— With regard to the peculiar posi
tion which Miss-Overmiin has occupied in our
family I wish to state that when we foresaw
what we were to pass through we nsked her to
remain with us. Her first impulse was to re
turn to Tacoma. She said her evidence would
doubtless be .needed so she consented tv re
main and testify. She could not have stayed
in any hotel in the City. She would have been
hounded by the newspaper reporters. We — my
wife and I— believe in a religion that has for
giveness in it and we therefore recognize the
nobility of Miss Overman's conduct.
Captain W. F. Cook was called. He
testified as follows:
I reside at 132 McAllister street. Lived in
San Francisco for twenty-one years. Know
Dr. Brown, Mrs. Brown and Mattle Overman.
There was a General Howard Bible class In the
church and I was a member of it. It met in
Dr. Brown's study. Dr. Brown frequently
went through the* room, but never stopped to
speak to the class. On a certain occasion he
enine into tlie room with Mrs. Brown und Miss
Overman. It was one Sunday that he passed
through the room, followed by Mrs. Brown
and a young lady. I did not at tiiat
time know the young lady. He spoke
in a low tone, and introduced the strange
lady as "My niece from Tacoma. He siud
Miss something. He did not say Miss
Brown. I thought at the time it was his sis
ter's daughter, and not his brother s daughter.
I reported the matter two months ago to mem
bers of this council. Two or three nightt
ago I mentioned the matter to the young lady
who was sitting next to me at the time. She
said: "Oh, don't mention it! I don't want to
be mixed up with this mess." IWM here to
say that at the time it was a trivial matter. It
fixed itself in my mind that Dr. Brown's folks
lived in Michigan, and it was a surprise to me
that he said his niece was from Tacoma.
Dr. Pond— Who was this young lady?
Witness— l remember that she was a blonde
and I am sure Dr. Brown spoke of her as his
D Moderator— What was the date of this cir
cumstance?
Witness— lt was something like a year ago.
Moderator— Are you a member of the first
Congregational Church?
Witness— No, sir. I have been attending the
Bible class most of the time since General
Howard was here. I room at the house of the
Rev. John Kimball, who is now the teacher of
the clas-i. 1 considered myself a Congregation
alist. I have approbation from the Bay Asso
ciation as a preacher.! »
Rev. Mr. Scudder— Difi Dr. Brown introduce
the young lady to you as his niece?
Witness— Yes. I supposed he was speaking
to me and others.
Rev. Mr. Hatch— ls there any possibility that
Dr. Brown meant any person else?
Witness— l know that any person is liable to
be mistaken. I admit the possibility of a mis
take, but I don't admit the probability of a
mistake.
Rev. Mr. Sink— l would like to ask Captain
Cook If Dr. Brown did not say, "This is as nice
as Tacoma?"
Witness— He might have said It.
Dr. Brown— You admit that I was not the
ideal man of San FranciscoT
Witness— Yes, sir.
Dr. Brown — Then you would rather be
against me?
Witness— Xo, sir. I did not say at any time
that Dr. Brown must go, meaning that ho
would have to leave the church.
Dr. Brown— But you would rather have
me go ?
Witness— lf I had the power you would have
gone long ago.
Dr. Brown then questioned the witness
over the Herron matter, and the latter
said he did not admire Dr. Brown's course
in that case.
Dr. Brown— Where did you get the title of
captain?
Witness— l will admit to any gentleman
where I eot the title. 1 will not answer you.
Moderator— Captain Cook has tbe right to re
tire if he does not want to answer the ques
tions.
Dr. Brown— You are a man of vivid imagina
tion?
Witness— That is a personal question and I
decline to answer.
Dr. Brown— Don't you know that what I
think ot you would prevent me from introduc
ing any lady to you? •
Moderator— Dr. Brown, there is a limit to
this, and you will not be permitted to ask the
witness improper questions.
Dr. Brown— You said this was done in the
presence of my wife.
Witness— Yes.
Brown— Do you think I would tell a He In
the presence of my wife?
Witness— Well, from what I think of you I
should say yes.
Dr. Brown— Are you sure I introduced Miss
Overman as my niece?
Witness— l am not positive.
Dr. Brown— l insist on an answer.
Witness— To the best of my knowledgojmd
belief, yes. ™
Deacon J. Barnard testified as follows:
I was a regular attendant at the prayer
meetings between the 21st of November and
the 23th of December, 1895, and I saw Mrs.
Davidson at two or three meetings. Dr.
Brown asked Mrs. Davidson to take part in the
meetings.
Mr. Barnard went on to show by his
testimony that Dr. Brown hart, by his
action, shown he had no confidence in
Mrs. Davidson.
Mrs. Stockton was then called for cross
examination, and as she did not respond
Dr. Brown was allowed to review the evi
dence of the witness.
Mr. Woodhains— Mrs. Stockton refuses to ap
pear, and I think that Dr. Brown has a right to
make a statement. la a civil court the pro
ceeding is to commit the person refusing to
testify for contempt of court. And in this case
I think Dr. Brown is entitled to make a state
ment.
Moderator— ls it a statement that Dr. Brown
will make, or is it evidence?
Judjre-Advoeate— lt is Mmply a statement.
Dr. Brown— This woman came here to de
fame me and remained to be partly examined.
£he now says she washes her hands of the
whole matter. I asked her certain
questions and Blie did not answer
tnem, and these were* questions which
no woman of unquestioned virtue would refuse
to answer. I would have showed that she
threatened me in regard to the Turkish tea at
Mrs. French's, and also because I refused her
a letter. I would have showed how I turned
her and her attorney out of ir.y house, how
she was first introduced to me by Mrs. Sarah B.
Cooper, how she had forgotten everything for
a period of eight months, how that I threat
ened, my life was entirely a fabrication and
how I kissed her as she left niy study was
another falsehood.
Dr. Brown called attention to the ele
gant costume worn by Mrs. Stockton on
the witness-stand, and declared that that
clothing could not have cost less than $2<>u
and her diamonds not less than $300.
He asked how much invested capital it
would require to yield an income sufficient
to keep and dress her in the style in which
she was then living. Yet this same
woman two years ago was earning her liv
ing at a small salary in the omce of the
Surveyor-General.
He declared that he would have asked
her, in view of revelations made by prom
inent gentlemen of Tacoma:
What gentleman from the city of Tort Angeles
visited you in the City of San Francisco prior to
yourdeparturerrom thntt'ity? In the company
of what man did you travel from this City to
Port Angeles, and what was his avowed pur
pose In taking you thither? What other three
or four men united with you for your support
and for a certain purpose? I am well aware
that lam liable to attack— to arrest for the im
putations thnt are implied here it I cannot
back them up with proof. I would ask that
woman, Into how many honorable homes of
the city of Port Angeles did your presence
carry sorrow and something worse than death?
And I would ask about that home which you,
Mrs. Stockton, visited "one morning at the
breakfast hour, and inquired of the wife
of that home, "Is Mr. Blank in?'
and being Informed by tho wife
that he was, but that he had not yet arisen
from bed, you said. "Oh, that don't matter,"
and you walked into the room and sat by the
bedside of that man. I would have asked her,
"Did you. near the termination of your life in
Port Angeles, give a notorious party, attended
by men, ana in which you w-ere the only
woman present?" Then I would have asked,
"Are you not now training your little child—
that sweet little girl— with the view and the
object of one day placing her on the stage, so
that she may be the means of your support in
your old age, and have you not so declared
your intention? Did you not on another occa
sion beat your daughter unmercifully with a
hairbrush and bruise her so severely that she
whs laid up in bed for several days? Didn't
Mrs. Davis say that she would not treat her
dog as you treated that child."
Turning to his wife, Dr. Brown con
tinued:
In duo time I will put this good lady on the
stand to testify that during my three and a
half years' residence in Francisco, 1 was
not ftbsentouce from my dinner-board, when she
didn't know where I was. And she wilhalso
testify that on Sunday evenings and on Wed
nesday evenings she always went home with
me in the cars or on my iirni.
As Dr. Brown sat down the audi
ence applauded him loudly with hand
clapping. Moderator McLean started to
his feet with gavel in hand and a look
of astonishment on hin face. When the
applause had subsided Mr. freeland arose
and said:
"I move that the council be by itself."
Moderator McLean made a little speech
in which he declared that the audience
had been warned time and again against
making demonstrations of applause or
otherwise, and that as the warning had
not been heeded the house Bbould be
cleared.
A. rising vote was taken and the moder
ator said: "The audience will thereupon
be excused."
More ironical npplause and a few expres
sions of protest followed this order, and
the moderator spoke again : "I will make
it tolerably certain that you -will be per
manently excused if you keep on."
Mr. Freeland, who seemed to have been
affected by the defiance of the second out
burst of applause, moved that the next
meeting also be held with closed doors,
bu* withdrew the motion when he found
that the|council was not then disposed to
favor it.
The room was cleared, and the council
withdrew into the inner room and decided
to meet again next Tuesday at 2 r. m.,
when the direct examination of Miss
Overman will be resumed.
It was decided not to receive Mrs.
Davidson's charges because the council
had been debarred from the opportunity
of cross-examining her by the advice of
George A. Knight, her attorney.
The judge advocate announced that on
Tuesday Miss Overman would point out
the specitie changes she had made in the
letters written by her to Mrs. Tunnell.
The council then adjourned.
If all the houses in England were placed
side by side they would cover a space of
450 square miles.
NEW TO-DAY.
Letter
Days."
Two hints of what "Red
Letter Day" prices on dress-
ing-tables mean :
Dressing Table.
*\ t£?7l nisi) T -Tm.-J'-^l*
(I i
$10.00.
Not lar(?e— dainty: beveled French
plate mirror, swings to any angle;
nicely polished.
We have just 12 of these
— some in oak, some in
mahogany.
They may go like those 54
cobbler-seat rocking-chairs,
at $2 25— all sold by noon —
but if you come in time you
can have the choice, oak or
mahogany, $10.
Even if you don't want to
buy come and look around —
learn what "Red Letter
Days" really mean — get ac-
quainted. :
That's why we have these
sales — to make acquaint-
ances, friends, customers:
Dressing Table.
T *11 • V
]\ - i
$15.00.
Graceful in design— shaped beveled
French plate mirror of good size;
hand-carved; highly polished.
Your choice of oak, birch
or mahogan}' sls.
There are only 9 of them
altogether, and to be sure of
one you had better come
early — before noon.
Hints!
Merely hints of " Red Let.
ter Day" prices.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
%-':■ (N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
BUSINESS MEN
DO NOT MAKE INVESTMENTS WITHOUT
U careful consideration of all details. When they
Pbuy';' ;
They make sure they ar<» gettinc their moneys
worth. Same with a bicycle-. Don't buy until you
see a number of the best. We claim to hay» tb«
best, and not only that, but believe we can prove
it to you. All we ask Is that you favor , us with a
call and see the < , -
Sterling Bicycle
" BUILT LIKE A WATCH."
Send for Catalogue.' ■ Free.
STERLING CYCLE WORKS,
WJI. V. BRYAN, MANAGER,
314 POST STREET, S.F.
BIRTEUftfC
4FARNYSI
BTHEVKRY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUS
J- eyes and lit them to spectacles or KyejlwjM
with Instrument* of hla own lureutlon, waoi« !
•ttperiorlty hM not beoa equaled. My *uooeM <M 4 •
fieeiidue to the merits of my wor*
Utliu* Hours— la to ie. v.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIP- ATTOUN'EY-ATi
\J lan- and Notary Public, 638 Market st., opp>
Bite Palace Ho;el. Residence, ltt'2o Fell «t. Tel*
' phone 67D. Residence t«la?hona, "Pine U601." , •
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD ÜbE DAMIAJiA BITTJEBB, THE
great Mexican Itemedy; elves Health »>J
Strength to the Sexual Organ*PLAIN WORDS OF
DR. VOORSANGER.
Strong Denunciation of All
Politico-Religious
Bodies.
DANGER TO THE NATION.
The Evils of Sectarian Hatred
Painted in Graphic
Language.
MEMBERS CALLED TRAITORS.
Organizations of a Certain Kind De
scribed as Societies Composed
of Traitors.
Rev. Dr. Jacob Voorsanger went consid
erably aside from the beaten path in the
subject and manner of treatment of his
lecture last nipht. He spoke of "Sec
tarian Religions and Politic*! Societies."
There wae the usual well-liiled auditorium.
He said :
Tnomas Jefferson, writing from Rome in the
jearl.Sb to his friend MudUon, expressed
himself as follows:
"1 do Kern to live in ancient Rome; the em
pire of the Osars is once again aiive, and it
seems to me that we are threatened with the
Invasion of the Goths and Yendals and the
other barbarians of the north. The noble
palaces seem to be threatened with destruc
tion, and ruination and barbarism is waited
from the north into the shadows of Italy.
"I look forward with some uneasiness to the
nineteenth century influence. Ido not know
what spirit of the past may be wafted into it."
These are significant words. Let me para
phrase them. I look forward with some un
easinewto the twentieth century, because we
do not know what spirit of the" past may be
wafted inio it from t!;e ancient times.
• It seems that the world cannot progress upon
the road to peneetiou unless occasionally it
mart retrace its steps. It seems at times as if
- nature is not satisfied unless it can sink
back into the very depth's of the mire of aii
cient times.
lv former years they opened the dungeons,
put you on the rack and invoked all the agen
i 10l torture to persecute, and to-day— it
seems at least so— they are trying to accom
plish the same object, dv conspiring acainst
the constitution of the United States and mak
irg the ballot-box the instrument of treason.
before we address ourselves to the subject
announced it would be «rell to slate in i
terms what we have endeavored to convey in
the preceding four lectures. No further proof
is required in support of the fact that the re
ligious spiric bus materially assisted iv up
building the country. We recognize it, with
profound gratitude, principally in the moral
character of our people and in the growing
Tendency to let the processes of peace arbitrate
Ml mun and his. neighbor. In earher
man was enabled to witness the orgauiz
■ rce of religion. It is difficult to draw a
:ion between the excellency of the work
:. olio priests and Prott^tant missionaries,
when both marched forth to curry the advan
tages oi European civilization into the forests
primeval of America.
But these pioneers do not so much represent
the church that sent them forth as the religious
spirit that heiped the settlement oi a virgin
soil that the law of God might be w::
and exemplified. Forms ere nothing. Tne
s pirit that inhibits them is the operating inllu
ence. Perhaps it i« somer.hatdirficult to make
k:i^ understand that religion is greater
than the iorni of government in whio.n it is
;ed. If all men understood this perhaps
there would t>e neither sect nor s-chism.
■ Marvelous It is That the worst passions of
] h'u \.iy are stirred up by the clashing of
weapons. The greatest Belfishnesa
•of sects lies in their refusal to do each other
justice. One can see no good In the other. A
recognition of co-ordinate function seems im
possible. Let rue once again express my con
viction that our constitution was au is an In
strument for founding and maintaining a
' s-ecuiar government, in which no church gov
ernment shall' have, a::y recognition except
bucli bs pertains to any corporation
organized under the laws of the State.
In • view ■of the . continuous friction
between the Christian sects it is best to refuse
recognition to aught but that general religious
inilueuce that is accepted by the masses o£ the
"'people without as well as witnia the church or
synagogue. That general influence, as we have
tetjn, pervades the i-iate and all civil institu
tions, organized and established under its
aegis. It presides in the sanctuaries of legisla
tion and justice; it enters schools and colleges,
and everywhere cultivates that relation be
tween the people and tbe Supreme Creator
T.:at immemorially has been recognized as the
prime factor in a just, equitable and peaceful
government. ■.■'.-"'
. May 1 now, in all kindness, ask of our citi
zens this question: Why not ict well enough
alone? Many seem to be incapable of gra.sp
ing, not alone the beauty of non-sectarian re
ligion, but-also the advantage of a Government
uninfluenced by any. expression of theological
bia«s. Perhaps controversies are unavoidable.
In the limitations of our intellect we shall
always hay..- to come to different or opposite
menial .usions. I can understand the
nature of religious controversy and explain, if
not justify, the virulence with which they arc
i-arned on. Conviction ■ inspires a tenac
ity of thought, unaffected by argument.
Ttte greater lovers'.", of ■" truth are some
times the most intolerant. Fanaticism is
sometimes— not always — an expression for
holding received teachings against the
world. It it> capable both of sacrifice and of
being sacrificed. Tile man who persecutes and
who is persecuted may both have the courage
of their convictions. I *ay, then, that I can
understand the nature of the friction between
religious denominations.' All deem themselves
rigut. All— while*, recognizing the general
principles of religion as they operate-on man —
proclaim their own interpretation to be alone
( unducive to : . salvation. While we can under
stand this warfare we must also understand
that U long as it endures the peace of the state
ii endangered;' -Controversies weaken religion
and thow up the littleness of the antagonists.
They have, a tendency to impress the people
with the poverty' of the methods selected for
the dissemination of truth. If religious men
use cudgels, or -enter the arena as prize-fight
ers, the people.will stand-by and either laugh
at the sorry spectacle or. wonder why religion
is made so cheap. " And -yet the matter is
wholly explicable. >\e are;verr far from per
fection—the best of us. And out of, the love of
our own faith, out of the -stress of our convic
tions, often grows, oiir'-intolorance of other
But that love of faith and its accompanying
Intolerance of other faiths is, perhap*, at the
bottom of all the unhappy experience through
which the people oitnese United States are
now passing, 'i : he country is agitated from
Kast to West. Th« old story of religious con
troversy is heard again in me land. Wnat is
its object? To provu the truth" of this or that
creed? Not at ail. That- in itself might be
proinotive of sharpening the faculties of the
contestants and bring out same phases of reli
gious truth. Its object la lantnraounl loan as
sertion that our secular kovernment is unsta
b.e unless it consents to the interference of
tectarian religion. I That confession rests upon
an unholy ambition, hence the object is an un
worthy one. '-■'''■''<.
Tuts laet.is that the sects are growing rest
less again. Old feuds, supposedly buried or
softened with the years of peace, are breaking
out once more. Each creed deems itself th<j
best again, and presents a claim to sectarian
ixing the Government. In their efforts to do
bo they exhibit the worot elements of that
partisan nature that erstwhile favored perse
cution. They openly advocate a violation of
the rights of conscience and free speech, the
dearest rignts of a iree-born citizen. Tnere
have been unorganized and organized efforts
of that kind, we all know of efforts to amend
the constitution so that it recognizes God.
Beneath the suggestion ot that amendment
lie? a theological ambition to force upon the
country a sectarian interpretation of the Deity.
This simply would mean the establishment
of religion, in the sense of establishing a par
ticular form thereof, and th.at, as you know, is
contrary to the spirit of the first amendment,
and therefore perversion of the. peace of the
nation. You also remember, no doubt, re
peated eflorts were made to hinder Jews and
Adventists from, pursuing their vocations on
what is commonly called the Lord's day, on
the ground that such, people violated the
Christian, Sabbath. There is, llterahy speatc
ing, \no Christian Sabbath. There is a dies non,
madeso by the consent of the majority of the
people, aDd while it may be within . the prov
ince of any 'Legislature to 'assess' penalties
against the man who violates this consent, we
cannot understand by whatconstruction of civil
law a person who does not believe that Sunday
Is the divinely ordained day of rest can be
made to do so, and to abstain from his wonted
pursuits. Such efforts are violations of the
right of conscience. They are destructive of
toe peece of the people, and undermine the re
spect the citizens now entertain for the mes
sages oi religion.
But by far the most pernicious thing that
,A? r rais ed its head in this country in the po
micai religious society that ieeks to invest
any creed with the character of domlnancy pi'
means of political influences. Whatever its
name or denomination or religious parentage
<t is nothing more nor less than a conspiracy
»gainst the constitution of the United .States
and the- people seeking the protection of that
great and holy instrument. The tendency
of s::cii organizations is, first, to glorify
their own Creed as the dominant one;
secondly, to exclude from the rights
•■lid prerogatives oi Government any one
or any number who do not subscribe
to or accept the theological interpretations of
their creed, and thereby to introduce into the
country a species of inquisition, no less per
mcious because among the means It u^es to
accomplish its purposes are not tne old means
of torture and Imprisonment and death. They
begin Innocently enough. They commence
their corporate ii'fe as social or political organ
izations, ostensibly for the purpose of correct
ing abuses thut have attached themselves to
the Koveruraent, but the cloven hoof is soon
visible. Hatred against other denomina
tions find the ambition to make their
Own creed a dominant influence soon ap
pear to be the motive. I have no at
tack to make on any particular society
of that character. I hold them all, of whatever
description, in equal abhorreuce. I hold them
guilty of treason aeniust the constitution.
They'seek to fan the flames of religious perse
cution. They throw the country in a foment
that mar result iv the worst evils that have
yet befallen us. For there is no hatred as ter
rible in its consequence* ns religious hntred.
There is no limit to the extent it will go in set
ting a Cain's brand on its own forehead. Polit
ic*! quarrels are bad enough.
Yet men may legitimately differ on interpre
tations of the alm-s and objects of government'
and the principles of statecraft and political
economy, in so far as they affect the progress
and welfare oi the country and its people.
The abuse, that political contestants huri at
each other, the petty charges and accusa
tions invented by candidau-s for political
office ( have often a Pickwickian character, and
it rarely fnils that the seething caldron of
polities becomes still and silent the day after
an election.
But this is because within the century there
have been before the people of tnis eov.niry
but two issues which threatened to involve- the
solidarity of tbe Nation. The first issue was a
construction of the powers of the constitution
in so fur as they operated on the sovereignity
of States; the second issue, the horrible traflic
in human life. The tariff question is not a j
vital issue in that same sense, hence elections, I
usually the occasion for bitter political re vil-j
ing, in spite of the latter pass off peaceably j
and leave no rancor the character of which
seriously affects the Nation. When a majority
of the people elect their candidate the people
are content.
But God in his mercy save us from the psrti
sanshipnow springing up in the land! it is
humiliating to think even of the possibility, of
American citizens prostituting the ballot-box
to give vent to their religious hatred-;! Shall
we, on the issues that are or may be before the
country, east our ballots as L'atholics, Protes
tests or Jews? I should like tiargue that ques
tion with you.
Tiie constitution and the institutions of the
country have molded us into a homogeneous
body of citizens, whose National ambitions
and" pclitical projects are derived from a com
mon source — our love for our country. No
other faculty can be called into play. Our re
ligious affiliations have nothing whatever to
do with our auty as citizens. We vote for
measures, or, if we* like, for candidates, but the
latter must be judged by their principles, their
political opinions, their personal and moral
character— never by their religious affilia
tions.
I shall never vote for a Jew because he is a
Jew. If Jews band together to elect a co
religionist merely because he is a Jew I shall
hold them to be pernicious traitors. It Jews
should ever organize a society with the intent
of pressing candidates upon the people whose
greatest merit is that they are Jews, I should
hoid such a society to be a conspiracy against
the constitution. I avail myself of this oppor
tunity to brand as malicious falsehoods any
Assertions to the effort ihat such societies of
Jews exist In the United States or elsewhere.
They would not be tolerated by intelligent and
patriotic Jews.
The latest attempt in Chicago to organize id
Jewish Democratic Club was denounced in
every Jewish organ in the country. Jews may
affiliate where they please, but they must do
so as citizens. The assertion that "the B'nai
I'.'rith ever was, or aspired to be, a factor in
National politics, or in any other politics, is a
falsehood on its face. The assertion that the
Russian Alliance exorcised its corporate powers
to influence the legislature is not true, cannot
and could not be true. The Jewish citizen* of
the United States understand that in the dis
charge of their political duties; no considera
tion must be attached to either raceorreligiou.
Neither of the two constitutes a test of good
citizenship. The Jewish citizen will vote with
, his party or for the candidate whos? election
! Beems to him the surest guarantee that the
Government will be honestly administered,
and tliMt the fangs ol impurity and corruption
cannot iasten on the interests of the common
wealth.
Jefferson was right, and I look forward to the
twentieth century with some uneasiness, just
as he looked forward to the nineteenth cen
tury. I see the ilames of civil war sometimes
breaking out, though they may be extinguished
by the right.
What can we do when we see the passions of
the people slirred up as they are now?
When people are stultifying themselves by
violating the constitution of the United States?
When the worst passions of humanity are be
ing stirred up? Our grandfathers all know
that the very worst passions of humanity are
religious passions. Nothing in civilized life is
so horrible as religious passion. Nothingeffects
the welfare of a country more than religious
hatred*,. Nothing will bring so near to civil
war than the attitudes of the sects to one an
other.
Dr. Yoorsanger referred to the prophe
cies of glorious material progress that were
being made for the twentietn century, and
continued:
But they overlook the fact that the peo
ple are involved in a difference that threat
ens the very life of the Republic. They
should be trying to make peace among the
contending factions. Take counsel of the
Jewish raobi, because he holds the consti
tution of the United States as sacred as
the church. Synagogue? and churches
ruuy break down, but the Nation must be
maintained.
WILL GET THEIR MONEY.
Auditor Brodefick Will Sign the War
rants of the Present Hoard of Health
Employes.
Auditor Broderick, Attorney Denni3
Spencer and Milk Inspector Dockery ap
peared before the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday to see
what action was to be taken in the matter
of holding out the warrants of several em
ployes of the Health Office whose salaries
were not provided for by the appropria
tion for the fiscal year. It developed that
the Auditor and health officials had been
under a misapprehension regarding the
intention of the committee, and that un
less the Board of Health intended to ap
point a lot of additional milk inspectors
no objection would be made to the pay
ment of the salaries of those now per
forming their duties. Though not promis
ing thai it would. Attorney Spencer inti
mated that the Board of" Health might
wait until the Supervisors make the next
tax levy before appointing the inspectors,
so that provision might be made for their
salaries.
Auditor Broderick will sign the warrants
in question to-day.
THEY DISAGREED.
The Jury in tho Ilnskell Case Still Re-
fuse to Acquit and Are l>is-
charged.
The unruly jury in the Haskell case,
which refused to acquit the defendant
after being instructed to do so by tne
court, was again given the case to wrestle
with last evening.
C. H. Young has been prosecuting B. G.
Haskell for embezzlement. He charged
that Haskell, as his attorney, compro
mised a case for $1000, and has refused to
turn over any of the money. The evidence
shows that Young had acknowledged
Haskell as a debtor for the amount he
should nave turned over, and upon that
showing Judge Bahrs granted a motion to
instruct the jury to acquit. He so in
structed the jury, but after retiring and
considering tue matter the jurors re
turned to court without rendering a ver
di't. They demanded the defense's testi
mony, and this was put in yesterday.
Late' in the afternoon the jury retired
again.
At 11 :30 the jury came irr and declared
its inability to agree upon a unanimous
verdict. They stood 10 for acquittal and 2
for conviction.- There was nothing to do
under the circumstances but discharge the
jury. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29. IS9G.
LABOR COUNCIL
VETOES POLITICS
The Central Body Could
Not Agree With the
Convention.
PLATFORM NOT LIKED.
Heated Debate on the New
Labor Declaration ol
Principles.
TALK OF "SNAP JUDGMENT."
The Council Thinks It Was Slighted,
and Will Preserve Its
Integrity.
The San Francisco Labor Council met
last night at Trades Hall, 1159 .Mission
street, and spent the entire evening in
discussing the declaration of principles
and platform adopted by the convention
of labor unions held in the same hall
February 14. The principles and platform
aroused a disturbing spirit ar.d then a
heated debate, it was plain that the whole
question had but uoor support, and iii the
end it^fell before a compromise measure.
The Labor Council above all other things
manifested a determination to preserve its
autonomy and identity, and the main drift
of discussion was toward that end.
E. P. Bunnan, the secretary, read the
declaration of principles and the platform
which had come from the labor conven
tion in the form of a communication, with
a request that they be adopted. The same
was sent to every union in San Francisco,
the object Deine; to get an expression of
opinion from all trade organizations on it.
Delegates were then expected to report at
the next session of the convention regard
ing the platform and principles.
President ilcGlynn was not present to
take part in the debate, and T. F. Burns,
vice-president, occupied the chair.
The secretary delivered a speech on the
matter, saying, ''Why, didn't they come
here and ask the San Francisco Labor
Council to adopt this platform? The
council is what the labor unions of San
Francisco have made it. If the unions
outside the council desire to see it changed
why did not they affiliate with this coun
cil and have it changed? It seems to me
that snap-judgment lias been taken on
this council somewhere. The convention
simply sent out political and economical
demands. The labor unions are in favor
of these demands and principles; but it is
a different thins to know whether the San
Francisco Labor Council is to be abolished,
and it is time to understand where we
are at.
"These are questions which should be
an;wered before the San Francisco Labor
Cotu.°il submits to be wiped out of ex
istence. It lias been recognized as the
central labor body of • this City fur years;
and what is to be gained by organizing an
other Jabor council in San Francisco? What
can two councils do in San Francisco?
And yet this appears to be a trick to either
form a new central body or an attempt to
drive this council out of existence."
J. J. Ryan of the Boiler-makers' Union
said he had been a member of the labor
convention, but he had not heard any
talk of an oiganization superceding the
San Francisco Labor Council. The conven
tion was held to organize a political and
social platform, as the old way of strikes
and boycotts had been proved to be a
failure.
T. F. Burns of the Cigar-makers' Union
stated that he felt warranted in saying
that if the San Francisco Labor Council
would accept the platform and declaration
of principles of the convention those dele
gates who met at the convention would
come into the council and work harmon
iously with it for the interests of labor.
Thomas Finnerty said he had been in the
council since 18S7, and he would not now
see it made a_ political club. The men
who stood by it as a labor organization
stand by it yet. He asked why the dele
gates to the convention of two weeks ago
would not unite with the Labor Council,
the central body of Can Francisco, when
they knew it was the central organization.
Jle did not like to see a labor meeting
where the talk was half politics, half
labor.
Walter McArthurof the Sailors' Union
said there was much in the social princi
ples set forth which nedid not fully under
stand and for that reason he was opposed
to it. He favored uniting with the Ameri
can Federation of Labor. The same ques
tion had been fully discussed by that
body, and the result was a declaration of
principles founded on the same plan as
that one adopted by the convention held
February 14 in this City. In this latter
platform, however, he held, there was a
great deal that w»s beyond the under
standing of the working people, so the
Labor Council could not recommend it.
"It is beyond our grasp," he added. "I
wholly disapprove of putting this council
ont of existence, to be superseded by this
new organization with, its political" plat
form. I am honest about this, for the
reason this declaration is too deep for me.
I favor some political action, buc I can't
satisfy myself as to what it should be.
"I would most heartily indorse a move
ment for a political labor party, but I
would not countenance a move to turn
this council into a political labor body, for
I believe it would not succeed. It would
simply break up this council."
Burns moved that the Labor Council
recommend to the affiliated unions that
two organizations, one political and one
economic, be formed. He said that if it
would bring harmony he would favor a
dual organization, holding that the dis
cussion of politics would not disrupt the
council.
To this MoArthur replied he was not
afraid of discussing politics, but he wanted
t-o know if it brought any benefits to the
Cigar-makers' Union on pay day. Speak
ing for the Sailors' Union he was afraid of
it. There were men of different political
parties in the union, and he wanted to
know how vhey could be made a unit on
political questions. They could not be
made a political unit, and for that reason
he was opposed to it.
Thomas* Finnerty asked what was the
meaning of an economic and a political
dual organization, and where the Labor
Council came in. Byrnes explained that
the economic body meant the Labor
Council.
McArthur announced that the council
request the affiliated unious to vote upon
the formation of a political central body.
The amendment was carried and when the
labor convention meets again it will have
to consider an altogether new question
coming from the old Labor Council before
it can go ahead without a rival.
Tailors Organizing.
The Tailors' Union will meet next Tues
day night at 927 Mission street to further
organize the members of the trade in this
City. It has held but four meetings so far,
and has 125 members. At the next meet
ing it expects to get seventy-five new
members, making the total membership
'200, and then it will endeavor to unite all
tailors in town under its banner.
The Carpenters.
Carpenters' Union No, 22 at last night's
meetiriK adopted the declaration of princi
ples and platform pre-ented by the labor
convention. Some of its officers expressed
surpribe later that the Labor Council of
Ban Francisco refused to adopt them.
Arrangements for the picnic ot the joint
unions of the City at Sunset Park, Santa
Cruz Mountains, were perfected. The
picnic will be he'd the Tast Sunday in
April, and great preparations for its suc
cess are in progress.
NATIONAL GUARD INSPECTION.
Orders From Division Headquarters to
All the Troops in the State.
The first inspection of the reorganized
National Guard of California has b?en or
dered by Major-General Dimond, the
division commander. Following ia the
text of the order:
Headquarters Division N. g. C.,)
San Francisco, Cal., Feb. 25, 1896. ]
General Orders No. 1.
I. In conformity with law and instructions
from general hvatlquarters, brigade command
ers and the lieutenant-commander of the Na
val Battalion will assemble their commands in
service uniform for annual inspection and
muster during the months of March and April.
11. The Third Brigade will be inspected be
tween March 1 anil 21.
The Second Brigade will be Inspected be
tween Mhrch 21 and April 12.
The First Brigade will bo inspected between
April 5 and 20.
111. It is the desire oi the division com
mander that these inspections be rigid and
thorough, and to insure satisfactory results
ail inspections should be attended and di
rected by brigade inspectors in person, and all
reports and muster-rolls should be verified by
them.
IV. Muster-rolls and reports should be for
warded in duplicate to these headquarters as
soon as possible, Riid not later than May 10.
V. Lieutenant-Colonel •'■ C. Currier, division
Inspector, N.G. C., and Captain F. de L. Car
rinKton, U. 8. A., on duty with National Guard
of California, as lnspe< tor and instructor, will
risiJ and inspect during the above dates all
organizations of the guard as far as practica
ble.
VI. Brigade inspectors will report in writing
to the division Inspector for further instruc
tions and detail?.
By command of Major-General Dimoxd.
A. K. Castle,
Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
AGAINST THE ASSESSMENT
Sunnyside Avenue Property-Own
ers Address the Board of
Supervisors,
Claim That the Grading of the Avenue
Was Not Ordered in a
Legal Manner.
Property-owners on Sunnyside avenue
are up in arms over the assessments
levied on them for the improvement of
their thoroughfare and have addressed a
communication to the Board of Super
visors, through their attorney, C. A.
Reynolds, in which they protest in strong
terms and on strong grounds against the
assessments. Their letter is as follows :
The undersigned pror>erty-ownerß of Sunny
side avenue, for themselves and all others
similarly situate!, iipi>eal from the assessment
issued against our property and all property
lacing on Bunnysiae avenue by the Superin
tendent of Streets, by order 01 the Board of
Supervisors, dated January 13, 1896. and from
any and all assessments issued by the said
Superintendent ot Streets for the City and
County of Ban Francisco, State of California,
for the grading of Sunnyside avenue on
grounds a* follows, to wit:
First— That the grading of said Sunnyside
avenue was not dune in accordance with the
terms of the contract for the said grading.
Second— That the necessary steps required
by law 10 r>e takrn'by the Board of Supervisors
ot the City and Countvof San Francisco and
the Superintendent of Streets were not taken,
and for that reason the assessment is illegal
ai'rt void.
Third— That the said Sunnypide avenue has
not been properly graded and that the said
work on said stree: is of no benefit to the
Croperty-ownert, by reason of the street not
eittg properly graded; that there are no cul
verts under said street and that the said street
Will wash ttwny and has already to a consider
able extent washed away, and consequently
will have to be rebuilt at an additional ex
pense to the property-owners.
Fourth— That there was no petition on the
Df.rt of the property-owners, as required by
law, for the changing of tho grade on Sunny
side avenue, and that such change of grade
was illegal and void.
Fifth— There was no resolution of intention
passed by the Board of Supervisors for the
change of grade on Sunnyside avenue, and for
that reason the change of grade and the order
for the change of grade were illegal and void.
And lastly, for ourselves and for all others
similarly situated, we appeal from the B* id as
sessment on all legal and statutory grounds, as
provided by law, and ask that our said prop
erty and the property of all others similarly
situated be relieved from the said assessment,
or any and all assessments for the grading or
changing of the grade on said buunysido ave
nue.
The names of nearly one hundred prop
erty-owners were signed to the communi
cation.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Pacific Coast Steamer Wil
lamette Valley Disabled
at Sea.
A Fleet of Sugar-Boats Got in From
Hawaii With the Change
of Wind.
Another of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's steamers has met with dis
aster. The Willamette Valley, which left
here a few days ago for Mexican ports,
broke down when near Knsenada ami will
have to be towed back to San Franci- c co.
Captain yon Helms telegraphs that the
low-pressure crank pin broke, disabling
the engines, but that he was able to make
nort without assistance. The steamer
Bonita, now at Los Angeles, has been
ordered to Ensenada and she will bring
the Willamette Valley back to port. A
new crank pin will be ready for her and in
a few days she will be ready for a fresh
start.
The steamer Empire is in a peculiar pre
dicament. She left Portland five days ago
for San Francisco and was not heard from
until yesterday. She must have been
caught in a gale and run out of coal, as
she put into Menrtocino for fuel. She
could not get a supply there, so the cap
tain went to sea again, intending to n;ake
Point Arena and take in wooa to keep tire
under the boilers.
The sealing schooner Penelope put in
here yesterday with 215 skins aboard.
The captain reports having experienced
very heavy weather ever since leaving San
Pedro, but that seals were plentiful. His
hunters, he say?, were not as good as they
mi^ht be, so he put in here to discharge
them and pet others. He spoke the
schooner Kate and Ann off the Farallones
with 150 skins.
Quite a fleet of vessels got in from the
Hawaiian Islands with suear yesterday.
The bark R. P. Ltithet made the run in
NEW TO-DAT.
f*^. Cure
lonsumpfion
and lung troubles
To the Editor : — I have a reliable remedy
for Consumption and all Lung Diseases; 'also
for Loss of Flesh and all Conditions of Wast-
ing". By its timely use thousands of hopeless
cases have ■ been Permanently Cured. ': So
proof-positive am I of its power, that to in-
crease its usefulness and make known its great
merits, I propose to SEND TWO BOTTLES
FREE to any reader who will write me their
Express and Postoffice address. Sincerely,
T. A. SLOCUM. M.C.,
: 183 Pearl St., New York.
Wh'n •n-Titinc the Doctor. plmbp ststp yon rpn<t lila
ielter la this paper and oblige— The Eiuiob. ,
eighteen and the brigConsuelo in fourteen
day. The latter was brought up by Cap
tain Freese, as Captain Jacobson had to
remain behind on" account of an abscess
on his face. The barkentine Amelia made
the run from Lanai in twenty-three days.
She brought up the first cargo of su>:ar
that has ever come from that port. The
S. G. Wilder made the run in fifteen days,
ana Captain McNeil is glad to be in port
once more. He vas for year? master of
the barkentine Discovery* which has re
cently been given up as lost.
There was a s:;Je of old junk at Mare
Island last Thursday, and in consequence
large consignments of old pails and rope
are coming to San Francisco. Lorentz
Foard purchased ail the rope and brought
it down on the schooner Colonel Baker.
He will turn it all into oakum, and in this
way hopes to maKe a fair protit out of his
venture. The stuft was landed at Howard
street wharf yesterday, and was the sub
ject of considerable "speculation as to
where it came from.
The Sailors' Union of the Pacific Coast
will celebrate its eleventh anniversary on
March 6 next. There will be a meeting in
Coast Seamen's Hall in the afternoon and
at night there will be a torchlight proces
sion. E. Anderson will be marshal, and a
good turnout is expected. The celebration
will extend to San Pedro, San Diego, Port
Townsend and Seattle, and the union men
expect to make a big showing at all
points.
The Italian man-of-war Cristoforq Co
lombo is preparing to leave San Francisco.
This is the last day she will be open to the
public, so the Ethel and Marion will carry
the crowds from Mission-street wharf and
the Amy from Folsora street during the
afternoon. A boat loaded with wines and
liquors was capsized alongside the man-of
war, and while some of the consignment
sank other portions tioated and were res
cued. The loss was replaced, so the officers
will not suffer during their next cruise.
James McDonald stole a box of prunes
from the Union warehouse yesterday, and
when he attempted to escape was knocked
down by Officer Flemine. The prisoner
was walking between Officers Crosby and
Fleming when he broke and ran. Flem
ing threw his club at him, and it took such
good effect on McDonald's neck that he
was unconscious for five minutes. When
he recovered he was marched to the Har
bor Police station and booked for petti
larceny.
NEW TO-DAT. I
"■'l'i't'l'i'i'.'i'.'i'i'i'i'ifi'l'i'i'i'i'iii'iii"!
& I
\ A \
\ FEW (%j^k> (NoWaste) \
I DROPS >MX \
■ of this V Y^^^N
\ put on this x^> s>^ 1
I^^^^B !
i ?
r applied every day (fn^yPTK \
I and a little of this K^^^s-J \
I used twice a week , 7 — — r> ;
• (a box of Powder ■
• with every bottle) "
J will preserve the teeth, perfume ?
i the breath, and harden the gums. \
I Soxodont \
\ C^^ Pv*e Mm rjuenA.tr. »
: All Druggists. Small sample free, by mail, if S
i you mention th!i publication. Address the pro- J
J priotors, Hall <fc Rcckel, \\"holesalo Druggists, "
■ New York. J
i m*g*jf*f*.K M ****** «*i!*jf** lt tf 9 * I *M'***tf*^4*j*fm 4*4*4"! gn
; FOR MARCH I
I NOW READY \
» Among the notable features of this <
- ' ' . n. number are: . i
J COLONEL 1
\ WASHINGTON. SMFRirSN <
► ByWoodrowWHion. Was- &j!llJiKl^n J
trated by Howard Pylo. i
► TO THE BARREN | <
I GROUNDS. CANADIAN <
► By Caspar Whitney. Illus- AWAi ' IA « J
t trated by Frederic Remington. 4
» THE "BOSS" OF '
i LfNQ-FOO. fjnWF^l? i
I By JoHan Ralph. Illustrated vniufioii 1
I byC. D. Weldon. ,
► THE GERMAN r . <
► STRUGGLE FOR „ J
; LIBERTY.; GERMAN J
P By Poultney Bigelow. Illus- 4
► trated by R. Caton Woodvitle. 4
I JOAN OF ARC. I pppw/in *
I Illustrated by F. V. Dv Mond. I rn &*™n <
p BRISEIS. „„;,,„„ i
► By William Black. Illus- ENGLISH <
► trated by W. T. Smsdley. <
► THE NERVES OF A WAR SHIP \
BY 4
J PARK BENJAMIN <
t WHERE FANCY WAS BRED j
r A characteristic Westsm story by 4
I OWEN WISTER ]
I For Sale Everywhere <
I Harper & Brothers, Publishers, New York |
yips g l|gii|j!|
fSuIIIC Vftll f ''-'° Tnroat, I'lmples, Ccppcr-6w
• a|nA:!» IUU Colored Kpots, Aches, Old Sores,!*
jgWUlcera in Mouth, Hcir-F»lii3gl Write C'OOKESI
JPEBMEDY CO.,' 307 r,»af«or.te Temple,^
S»C'hlcn(to, I!1m for proofs of. cares. «'apl-g|
Sgjftul, tS.>OO,OOO. -J Wont cases cured In l&fBl
nEjto 3i» day. l<?O-p.*^8e booh. frc«» '-■ gg ■
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASIIINOTOX STS.— RE-
modelod and renovated. KINO. WARD & CO.
European plan. - Kooms 50c to •SI 50 per day, $2
to $8 per week, $8 tosao per momri: • free baths; -
hot and cold water every room: tire grates in
; every room; elevator runs all nlcbt; <■<
. __
gW-agW WULCOX COMPOUND
- ~~ Safeand SURE. Always reliable. Take
nouubstltute. Forsalebyalldrucgists. $2.00. Bend
4c. for Woman' n Snfepitarrt. WII.COX SPECIFIC
CO., 228 SOUTH EIGHTH ST.,i HILADA.,FA.
NEW TO-DAY" DRY GOODS.
• OJ5 9 OXJ3FB. >
We close the greatest and most successful Clearance sa!e San
Francisco has ever known with a grand final offering of the fol-
lowing and many other lines TO BE FORCED OUT TO-DAY
REGARDLESS OF SACRIFICE!
GLOVES! GLOVES!
\A.t 4S Coxits.
110 dozen LADIES' 5-HOOK AND 4-BUTTON GLOVES, dressed and undressed kid
(manufacturers' samples), colors and black, reeular values $1 and $1 25, will be
, closed out at 45c a pair. .
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
_A.t 4S Cents.
120 pieces 50-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL LADIES' CLOTH, in plain and mixed colors,
worth $1, for 45c a yard. . ;„ ' ,■:"%
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
u&.t 2O Cents.
50 pieces ALL-SILK 4^-INCH STRIPED RIBBON, in assorted colors, value'3sc, will
be offered at 20c.
-<9Lt 25 Cents.
60 pieces ALL-SILK 5-INCH DRESDEN RIBBON, entirely new, value 45c, will b«
offered at 25c.
MEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS!
J£~t G 1 , Cents.
125 dozen MEN'S FANCY BORDERED HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, extra
- large size and warranted fast colors, regular value for $1 50 a dozen, will be closed .
out at B%c each. • •; "'
VEILING! VEILING!
.A.t 25 Coxits a, "ST^-i-ci.
BLACK AND COLORED CHENILLE DOT TUXEDO VEILING. 13 inches wide,
special at 25c a yard. . ,»="
LADIES' WAISTS!
.^.t 5O Cents. / ->-^^-;.^V:X
LADIES' WAISTS, made of fancy stripes and checks, laundried collar and ciiflg, will
be offered at 50c.
. JhJt &2..00.
LADIES' WAISTS, made of fancy lawns, dimities and percale, laundried collar and
cuff 3, extra full sleeves, regular price $1 50, will be offered atsl.
£ M/lsii^^ MURPHY BUILDING-, /
(/(/ WX%\ strati,, corner ol Jones, /
RAILROAID ' TRAVEI^
HfiCTBGRX i»at ific co3H*aht.
W J . (rACIFIO BVSTEK.> \J)
TmliM IeMTO mid nre <lfio to arrive ■!
-■ SAN FUAKt'lSt'O.
I.KAVB — Fkom Novejicer 30, 183& — Ar.nivi
6:30 a Huyvraris, Nile 3 and V»*ay Stations.. 10:15 a
7:»Oa Atlantic Expren. OgCtu anil Kast.. ■ 8t40»
7:00 a lienicia, VacaTllie, lUtcßser. Sacra-
mento, and Itcdding via Davis.... 7:13r
T:3Ca M;irti:;ez. San Uaruon, Iv'ajia, Calis-
tosaasd Sianta Tioei 6:15» .
8:30 a Nile:, San Jnse, fjtockton. love.
Sacramento. Marj'svillo. Bed VAnSI
and Sundars excepted 0i0»i11e...". 4:ISp i
•8:30\ rcttrs and Hilton »T:lsp j
9:OOa Leaodro, H?.y^ards& st'ns H:*3a I
9:OOa Los Angfl's iSzprew. Haymond,
(for Yoscmitc). Banta liarbara
ar.,l Los Anaeles 4:45r
9:00 Martinez and btocktcn 10:43 a l
San Lcaodro, Ilaywirdg aad Kites . 3:45p !
12:00 m San Lej.=('.rn. llaj^vards * Way Bt'cs »l 48«
l:(10i> Nilcn, San Joßoand IJvermcre 8:4.5* ■
*l:»0r Sacramento Hirer ten rarrs *9:(IOp i
fl::top Port Costa ana Way Stations t****»
3:COp San Lrautiro, Haywudsft V.'ayfit'iis !»:4SSf ;
4:00p Lcasilro, Ilay^ards WayKt'cß C:43p
4:00 - Martlucz, .San KamoH, Vallojo.
Napa, <'alialosa, 111 V'erano and
Santa I'.os:\ Ciia*
*:»»* Benicia, Esporto, V.'oodlajid, . •
N Knighls Landing, , Slarysville,
OroTille and Bacrainento ;.... l*t4S«
4sS9r Kiles, S.-.:i Jo 8';, l.iTcrmoro and
(itncUton 7:i.i» ;
B:OOp San Le indrc, Tlayvar.bi; V\'ay Ft'r.s B:4sj> !
8:^0r KerrOrleaca Bxprti3,Fresno.Eaka». i
Sold, S:w i a l!arljaia,l.os Acgclcs,
Deming, El Taso, New Orleans tntl
East 19:43 a i
' 3:30r Saiitn I'o llonte, Atlantic r.vrres^
for Mojavo ami Bast 10:45 a !
6:o«p Knropcan Mail, Ogdcnnnd JCast.... !>:<sa
6:«0p Il:iyv.ar.l:i, Ni!rsan<l San. lose 7:4Ra ;
J7:o«f Vallcjo 17:-i!ip |
7:oUi> Oregon Barranwato, -Marys,
ville, l!e«'.'liiig, I'ortlaml, l'ngct
Bonntl and Kaat 10:43 a
7:OOp Sau Leandro, llaywards& Way St'i:3 1 0-.r,nr
9:0«p SanL?andro,llaywardsS:WayStns tt!2:OOA
<P«:©op "Sunset U.aJtcd," Fresno, Los >
Anzclca, El Po.eo.Kew Orleans i
andEait ir^.4»» \
tflltlßr 9auLean<lranny---.irq-.J:AVp.'-:-f .v\ 7:13 a .
SASTA C,l\V7a DIVISION (Narron <inn?p).
S:I»A NewavM;t'iitu-»ille.,San.l(>sc.reltni!,
BouldcrGrock.SaiitaCruzoinl Way
5tati0n5. ....... :...:......." si»»i
•B:lsp Neirarlr, Ccntcrvillc, Sau.Tose. New.
Ahiiaden, Fclton, llonlder Cr.ek,
Santa Cruz ami l'rincii>al Way
Stations..... •llt2o*
4:l.TpNc;irarlt. 8311 Jon uudl.ou Cutos 9:30*
t11:43p Hunltra' F.^cnrsion. San Jose nnd
\V ay Statiors '. ".....- }7:20t ' 1
CliAS'i IH VISION ('lliinl A iV.niiscnil Six.)
0:43 a ti&xx JO.lO aml-Wsy HtaUous (New
Aimadcn Wednesdays only) l:4Sr
■iISAHau .lose, Ticm JMiios, Hant;i Cruz, '■■
I'.icilic Qim Vmo Robter, Sau - - .
I.isis Olilspo, Otiadslure uiitl Piin- -
cipal Wny >Slations .;. 7:05p
10:40 a SioiJoso ami Way stations 3:OO?
H:4riA l'alo Alio Mul V.'ny Stations S>:s9l
•2:3Or.Saii Jo«c, Giirny, Trcs Pinos, Hanta
Cruz, SaUnas,Monterey and Pacitic
llrovo .'..".". «IO:4Oa
•3::iOp Raiwioso r.inl I'rincif.nl Way Stations H: 17a
-*4:30i-Han . lose Wny hjlations.-. *^:()Oa
s:3oi> Don Jata ami Way Fiiatious.; *H:l9a
«::»>!• Sbii.Tosori:<l AV;iy Stations.; O::!.'sa
<H:4r>i- Ban .Jo?.- iiihl Wny StsMoim <7;43» :
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fr»m SIH /EISCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:11 9:00 H:COa.M. $1:00 *2:35 i3:Cfi
♦1:03, . J5:00 ♦6:03 p.m.
hon OAKUHD— Foot orßroidw»j.— *C:00 B*o
10-.00 a.m. t!2-50 ♦1:00 $2:00 »3:CO J4:C3
.*3:ool'.M. ' . ■ ■
____^
' A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays eicepted t Saturdays onljk
t -Sundays only. . .
I \ Monday. Thur-iiay and S&'-.mlay nis>t.t only.
<Tussdaja and Satard&ya tDU.uut.j3 tuu TUumlar*
Atlantic
Pacific i^gl^^
KAJLROAD
Trains leave from tnd rxrriv* «J^ &2caS3zss7J
at Market-Street Ferry. : i>iC§**oUTEl!
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct .Line
JLeaves eVerydoy at 3:30 P. m., carrying Pel mm
ralace Sleepers and Touris'.. Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars J«
Denver and St. Louis. w '- - ■ '_
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with; Dining-cars,
nnder Harvey s manaKement. <"onnect!ng trainr,
leave Pan Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p. v. daily.
* The best rallwuy from California to the K-i.-u.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting s.-enery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlnlae*
•Arm. lickefc Office— 644 Market Street,
Ticket Odce-644 Mnrket Street,
Cbrociclc SuUbicSi
HAIILROAT> TRAVXX:
SMFR.4i\CISCO & IVORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DA YS— :4O, S:2O, 11:00 a.m.; 12:3»
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 r. M. Thursdays— Extra trla
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. , - .; : v:-
-60NDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; i:3ob 3:3*
6-00, 6:20 K.
San Rafaol to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6.25, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 A. l£i
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tript
at 1:55 P. m. and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 A. it; 1:40, B:4a
6:00, 6:25 P. Sf.
Between Bau Francisco and Schuetzen Parlc aim*
schedule as above. \ , : -
"* J."u>f I xn-jfp-f Arrive
San Francisco. o° t . 28, 6an Francisco.
Werkl Sun- ij,^;,,,- Susr- I Wm'
Days. I DAYB. "wtinat.on. SAT9^ J Day>-
-7:40 8:00 am| Novato, 10:40 AMI 8:50 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am I'etaluma, 6:05 pm| 10:30 am
5:10 Pic 5:00 pm .Santa Rosa. 7:30 PMI B;15 TH
' 1 : Fulton, . „". .
7:40 am Windsor,- ' -/-\r" 10:30 AM
'.; /_ ■ Ilealdsburj, - c
- •j • Oeyserville, .- :-*' : ».V \
3:30 pm 8:00 am, Clovgrdalt;. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
" Pi« 7, j
H Hopland & ! /;» -■'■
7:40 am 3 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:30 pu 6:16 FM
7:40 AMI = j 10:30 am
I S :00 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm: -
3:30 PM| ' I ■■-■■ "• i 6:15 pm
7:40 am] 8:00 am ! Sonoma 10:40 8:50
6:10 5:00 pm : and 6:05 pm 6:15 ric
[ , 0 \ Glen Ellen. - J c . j
7:4Oam|B:oOam| cphnstonol 110:40 AM 1 10:30 AM
3:3opm|s:oopm| Sebaatopol. | ti:O5»«M | 6:15 PM
. Staees connect at San Rafael for Bo'inas. ■
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Fleta for Highland Springs,
K>!sfyville. I-akeport. - '
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Bla«
Lakfs, laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Boonevill?, Orcen-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Braßg, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, PottPr Valley, Joh«
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eureica. . -j-.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. - • - ■■
On Sundays ronnd-trip j tickets t* all points bs-
yond Baa Kafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*. 650 Martet St., Chronicle building. '
H. O. WHITING, " . B. X. RYAN,
Gen. JManagCT. . Gen. Pass. Agent.
KORTO PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
• (Via >aii«.ilito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1895.
" . :• WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Ran Kafael— 7:3o, 9 -18, 11:00
A. M.; 1:45,3:45,6:15, 6:80 p.m.
San Quentiu— 7 9:15 a. m. : 1:45, 6:16 r. v.
BXUM trips for Han Batael on Mondays, Wednes*
cays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
HUN DAYS.
For Mill Valley, Pan Kafael and Ran Qnentln-*
10:00, 11:30 a. 1:30,3:00,4:30, *B:1S
T. M. *Does not run to Sau Quentln. „
THROUGH TRAIN*
7:30 a. m. weekdays— Caradero and way station*.
1:45 p. m. Sat Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Keves ana way stations
THESICCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
OF THE
' PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROH MftRKET BT.
OFKX U>TIL MIDNIGHT.
TO MERCHANT TAILORS
■ u9L»TI> OTT'Z"r'3Ei3E : : .
AN OLD KSTABI,ISHKI> TRADE FOR SALE
cheap, on uccount of sickness. Apply at 431
j Kearny street, between - and 4 o'clock.
HEALTH RESORTS. • "."
rnIrTBEIExTmiTABiS
ai. UfciLLilA k\iiillAililJjl,
ST. HELENA. NAPA COUNTY, CAL. •
A RATIOML HEALTH RESORT I*
bend for Circular.
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Cyclists and Other
Athletes Are Doing.
The wheHmcn will be well represented
on the roado to-morrow. Several runs
have been slated, as may be seen by a ref
erence to the cycling department.
A large number of fast riders are in
training f>>r the pavilion races, which
promise to be of a most exciting and inter
esting kind.
Trap-shooting has taken the place of
field sports. Two prominent clubs will
burn powder to-morrow at the Oakland
track.
The anglers are not by any means
pleased with the long spell of fine weather,
which they contend will destroy trout fish
ing during the coming season.
The California Cricket Association has
decided to open the season's games in
April.
As rifle shooting is rapidly becoming a
popular sport new ranges will soon have
to be constructed.
The latest news from the coursing fields,
handball courts, rowing clubs, etc., will
De found in the departments published
regularly by Tiik Call.
THE WHEELMEN.
All Interest Is Now Centered In the
Coming Indoor Tournament.
CI.TjB RUN'S TO-MORROW.
ISay City Wheelmen — To Centerville.
Camera Club Cyclists— To San Mateo
dam. ; '.";.'. :
Olympic Club Wheelmen— To II ay-
Wiirri*.
Olymplc Cyclers— To Park.
J'luiMiix Cycling Clvb — To Park.
Reliauce Club Wheelmen — To Point
Bouita, via SauMllto.
The season of country runs has again
come around, as is best evidenced by the
above list of trips planned lor to-morrow
by some of the various riding clubs,
before has the riding season opened
bo early, and the wheelmen are taking
advantage of the present fair weather and
pood roads, half expecting that they will
not continue to be so favorable for touring
a little later on when spring showers are
prevalent.
Now that the great twenty-five mile road
race has been ridden and won the atten
tion of all the wheelmen is directed to the
indoor racing tournament and cycle show
which opens at the Mechanics' Pavilion
next Thursday evening, lasting one week.
From all accounts this enterprise will be a
big success this year, and it is due to the
management to say that everything possi
ble has been done to ma^e it so. Kaces
have been arranged for every evening from
March "> to 11, inclusive, besides Saturday
ana Sunday matinees. The track, which
will be eight laps to the mile, scientifically
constructed, t:t>t and safe, will be in posi
■ r training upon by to-morrow night.
The racers can then practice upon it from
Monday to ihursday, and should easily
become accustomed to it in one day. En
tries must be sent to Charles A. "\Vikidel,
manager, L 049 Market street, not later than
to-day.
The management had originally in
tended to have only amateur races, hut
cince the revised League of American ;
Wheelmen's racing rules have gone into
effect th^re has oeen some thought of hay- J
ing professional events. This will be de
cided upon by to-morrow, and it is very
probable that the big, professional racing '
teams at Santa Monica and Coronado will
come here and compete.
Sunday evening, March 8, thero will be
a grand carnival on wheels. Prizes will
be given for the best sustained, characters,
the finest costumes and the best decorated
wheels. To avoid accidents on this occa
::iasks covering the eyes will not be
allowed. This entertainment promises to
be the most novel and interesting of the
entire tournament. On the same evening
there will be Cninese races and exhibition
trick riding, and a race for men weighing
over 200 pounds. There will also be a
contest between riders selected from among
the City's letter-carriers and mail clerks
and a colored gentlemen's race.
One of the principal events of the entire
tournament will be the great military
relay race Monday evening. March 9, be
tween riders picked from the cavalrymen
and infantrymen at the Presidio, each of
whom must carry a rille, canteen and
knapsack. Tbe race will be a distance of
ten miles in two-mile relays, the messages
carried to be delivered at the finish to the
commander-in-chief. This race will be
very interesting as a demonstration of the
possible use of the bicycle in the army.
Besides these ' special events there
will be the great contest every night
between the crack class A and B men
of last 3'ear, who are now all assembled
in one class and Known only as ama
teurs. After three months' rest the
racers are in the pink of condition, and" as
all the clubs have entered their best men,
and great rivalry is shown among them,
the races and finishing sprints will be
fought out to the bitter end. The prize
list offered by the tournament promoters
is very valuable, which probably accounts
for the enthusiasm the men show in train
ing and when speaking about the races,
and will prove a great incentive for
them to ride their very best.
So much for the racing features of the
tournament. In addition there is to be a
cycle show, which will be very interesting.
All the big firms of this City have taken
space, and it will be the iargest exhibition
of bicycles ever seen here. Spaces have
been arranged on the Hayes and Grove
streets' sides of the Pavilion, back of the
track. One exhibitor will show something
never seen here or at any other cycle show,
a bicye'e, tandem, triplet, quadruplet,
quintet and sextet, or "sextuplet," as some
call it. These will all be seen in motion
upon the track, and in pretty lively motion
at that. The sextet is a "single sheerer,
guided by the first river only, and can
easily make the turns of the track.
Speaking of sextets reminds me. The
two record teams at Santa Monica and
Coronado each have one of these machines,
•which, by the way, are valued at about
hi apiece,. The one at Santa Monica is
guided by W. M. Randall of Rochester,
X, V., a big, strong rider weighing over
200 pounds. The one at Coronado is
managed by a little fellow named Stone,
from Denver, who is quite diminutive in
&i/.e and strength. Each of the re-
Bpective team managers thinks he has got
the ri^ht idea.
But to return to the cycle show. Ciiief
Consul Kerrigan has made arrangements
so that all members of the League of
American Wheelmen will be admitted at
half price. This is another of the many
advantages of belonging to the league
Tho various exhibitors will have a meet
ing next Monday morning at the Pavilion
at 11 o'clock to arrange a set of rules for
their own government. The Southern
Pacific Company and the two lines of
Marin County will issue tickets to people
desiring to attend the show at half the
regular rates. A bicycle is to be given
away every night by the management as a
gate prize.
There will be a great many people attend
the show who will go only to see the im
mense bicycle exhibits, and who do not
rare for the racing, though that is the
principal attraction to the majority ol
cycling enthusiasts. The seats for specta
tors have ail been raised, so that an excel
lent view of all parts of the track is
obtainable from. any part of the house,
and there will also, be standing room ill
the center, reached' by a stairway over the
track. * '
Altogether, the tournament and show
will be the best and most interesting ot
any ever held here, and the many novel
features that will be offered should make
it a great attraction for the public as well
las wheelmen in general. The latter are
' all on the <nii vivo awaiting the opening
night, which is next Thursday, March 5.
it is stated authoritatively that Colonel
T. P. Robinson, who has been put in
■ charge of the amusements at Sutro
j Heights, proposes to construct a bicycle
■ track there, amply protected from wind
I ami with perfect accommodations for the
riders and the public, if he can be assured
the support of the local clubs. This will
draw from the Alameda enterprise con
| siderably, and it is a question which one
: the wheelmen will consider most favorably.
There has been some talk of abolishing
the National circuit. "Whetherit would be
policy to do this is a question. It is true
that the manufacturers who employ racing
I teams are at present dissatisfied with the
I idea of jumping their men several hun
dred miles at a time; but if the distances
can be modified in some way it is possible
that the National circuit will survive the
opposition manifested to it. A conference
JOHN G. ENKIGIIT, A CALIFORNIA RIDER NOW IN COSTA RICA.
between the Cycle Board of Trade and the
I League racing* board will shortly be held
to determine this interesting question.
Amateurs will need to oe very wary co:i
--| Cerning a pos«ible violation of the League
| of American Wheelmen's racing rules in
1 the future. There are many men in this
class to-day who deserve to be profes
sionals, and R. M. Welch, the California
member of the National racing board, wiil
■keep a watchful eye upon the men within
his jurisdiction, and will transfer to the
professional class any man toward Whom
circumstances point as a transgressor of
the amateur rules." The L. A. W. defini
tion of an amateur is now more strict than
it has ever been, and it is safe to presume
that most of the coed riders will find that
in order to follow racing as they would
like to they will have to become profes
sionals.
Captain J. J. B. Argenti has called a pic
nic run of the Camera Club cyclists for to
morrow to the San Muteo dam. Members
will meet at K»4O Market street promptly
at 9 o'clock. Itwillbe so. arranged that
those desiring may take the train home
from San Mateo. The distance each way
from the start is twenty-live miles. The
members will carry luncheon with them,
and may invite a friend if so desirous.
The roads are said to be in excellent con
dttion.
Is it advisable for a bicycle rider to rush
Robert A. Welch, California's Member of
the National Racing Board.
hills? Many and many are the times
that the wheelman hesitates at the bottom
of some steeo incline, debating within
himself whether he shall make a rush for
it or climb the bill leisurely. Often in a
state of doubt the rider makes a headlong
dash, but his strength is not adequate to
meet the effort and off the wheel he clam
bers, to fume and fret because he did not
take more time to it. Old and experienced
riders rarely rush hills. If the incline be
short, or the course over a section of coun
try with a slight wave to the iand, it may
be well to make a number of fast climbs,
where the impetus gained going down one
short descent is surlicirnt to cairy you to
the top of the next little Knoll, 'but 'it is
never best to attempt to rush a long hill.
It is advisable to climb all hills slowly.
Tlw Rood-roads meeting to be held in
Odd Follows' Hall next Tuesday evening,
March :;, promises to be well attended by
the wheelmen. When such big clubs as
the Californias, the Bay Citys and the
Olympics have arranged "to go en'masse, it
is sure to be enthusiastic. Regular runs
have been called, the men to leave their
respective clubs on foot and go in a body
to the ball. It is a movement which
should receive the supportof every cyclist,
and all are expected to attend and lend
their presence to the interesting occasion.
At a meeting of the board of directors
last Tuesday evening, the Bay City Wheel
men's relay interests were well cared for
m the appointment of a committee on re-
lay, which consists of San ford IMummer,
captain; George P. Oaldwell, lieutenant;
Walter D. Sheldon, Frank H. Walters Jr.
and iheodore C. Dodge.
The California-street cable system is
about the only streetcar line in the'Clty that
i kuow of that carries wheels. Upou the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1596.
payment of a fare for his bicycle and one
for himself a rider is permitted to place
his wheel on the dummy, either front or
rear section. It is h great convenience to
wheelmen of the "Western Addition who
arrive at the ferry tired from a long day's
journey, and the company's action is
greatly appreciated.
John G. Ehiight is a voting San Fran
cisco rider now at Heredia, Costa Rica,
Central America. He has made quite a
remitation for himself both there and at
the capital, San Jose, for his expertness with
the wheel, which he rinds a great aid and
convenience in that land where streetcars
are unheard of. In several contests with
some of the local aspirants for cycling
honors there he has come out way ahead,
his light American-made wheel and his
own strength and activity being the prin
cipal aids to his success. He expects to
return here shortly to attend college.
A friend of mine who is a reporter for
The Call clipped the following interest
ing item from the Dublin Freeman the
other da>* and laid it on my desk: "Re
porter wanted; cyclist preferred; apply,
stating experience and terms expected, to
Nationalist office, Carlow." Before I saw
it the clipping met the eyes of several fel
low reporters, and they all had to scribble
their opinions underneath it. Here are
some of the expressions: "Incidentally
this might make a paragraph to illustrate
the place the bicyclfl occupies back there.
G." "This is how they do things in Ire
land. IV "Here is a chance for you to
apply for the position. S." "Send your
friend Gates on; it's a good way to get rid
of tiim. 8." "Tliis is where the man
ought to go who handicapped that road
) ace last Saturday, B." Personally, all I
can say about these comments is, "We
concur."
The wheelmen of this State will be grati
fied to learn that Robert M. Welch of the
Bay City Wheelmen, who has been the
representative of the National racing
hoard here for the last year or more, has
jusi been appointed a member of that
board by President Elliott of the League
of American Wheelmen. The only other
California!) recognized by Mr. Elliott's ap
pointments is C. C. Monaghan of Santa
Ana, chief consul of the Southern Califor
nia division, who is on the rules and regu
lations committee.
This is the second time a Culifornian has
j been honored by a place upon the racing
■ board, Robert A. Smyth being chosen in
■ Ihß9. Mr. Welch has been associated with
| the league for a great many years. He
j was the first chief consul of the" California
division, which he was instrumental in
| organizing in 1886. His administration
i of the racing board's interests on this
j coast during the past season has been per
fect, and it was a just acknowledgment of
'his assiduous attention to his duties and
. untiring efforts for the advancement of
racing interests on this coast to accord
j him the honor of a position this year upon
the National racing board. The other
members of the board are: Geortre D.
Gideon (chairman), Philadelphia ; H. W.
Robinson, Boston; A. G. Batchelder, New
York; E. C. Croninger, Cincinnati; Fred
GerJach, Chicago, and D. W. Robert, St.
Louis.
The Phrnnix Cycling Clnb will hold a
party this evening at Harmony Hall, Mis
sion street. To-morrow the cuptain has
decided to have a run to the park and
beach.
The Imperial Cycling Club held a moon
light run last evening to tlie park. A
large number of the menibers turned out
and enjoyed the night riding thoroughly.
The Ban Francisco Road Club wiil have
a run to the Jpark to-morrow, led by Cap
tain Pixley, leaving the clubhouse at 10
o'clock sharp. In the afternoon the racing
contingent will go to tho Pavilion to train
on the new indoor track, which, it is ex
pected, will be completed by that time.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a ten
mile handicap road race Sunday, March
15, over* some course not yet decided upon.
Wells, the Terrills, Long and Gnlliths will
ride from scratch, and as there will be
some thirty or forty contestants the race
should be one of the best of the season.
The Bay Citys seldom hold road races, but
when they do they are good ones. A club
run has been called for to-morrow to Cen
terville, under Lieutenant Caldwell, leav
ing on the 9 o'clock broad-gauge boat, and
another run has been called, without
wheels, to attend the good roads meeting
at Odd Fellows' Hall next Tuesday even
ing.
The Olympic Cyclers will hold a run to
the park to-morrow under Captain Butz
and Lieutenants Coonev and Coffroth.
On Sunday, March 8, a joint run will be
held with the harden City Cyclers of Kan
Jose to Centerville, where the riders will
enjoy lunch and witness a irame of base
ball between picked nines from the two
clubs.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen will ride
to II ay ward's to-morrow, under Captain
Fawcett and Lieutenants Herges and
Plagemann. The members are requested
to take the 9 o'clock boat and local train
to Fruitvale. An excellent lunch is as
sured at the destination. Bfaldikg.
THE ANGLER.
Fish Commissioners Will Bo Asked
to Stock Coast Streams.
Unless a change in the weather will ar
rive in the very near future, anglers can
certainly count upon a very poor season
for trout fishing.
Coast streams are now almost as low as
they will be in the months of July and
August, and this is to be regretted as many
of the spawning beds are at present ex
posed to the sun and thousands of young
fishes will consequently be lost to those
near-by waters which nre so extensively
whipped by local anglers.
The Fish Commissioners should cer
tainly pay some attention to those creeks
which the greater portion of the local
anglers visit during the open season.
The fact tnat a few thousand steelhead
fry were dumped carelessly into the Paper
mill and bonaina Creeks a few years ago
does not prove that the commission has
completed its work so far as the stocking
of these waters are concerned by any
means.
Pisciculturists who have made a study
of lishes report that trout fry- less than
twelve months old should not be placed jn
mountain streams, and the New York
Fish Commissioners have recently arrived
at the conclusion that the experts were
right in this particular.
It has been proven that comparatively
few of the iarge numbers of trout fry
ranging in age from three to nine months
that were dumped into waters where they
had to hunt for their food have thrived.
The California Fish Commissioners may
be acting wisely to refrain in future from
stocking streams with miniature fishes.
The advice of the New York Commission
may be of estimable value to the Commis
sioners of this State, as they have much to
learn in the way of systematic fish-plant
ing. It certainly cannot be said that good
results have accrued from planting small
fry in coast streams.
Some of the Deputy Fish Commissioners
contend that it is only a waste of time and
Hshes to stock the streams of the near-by
counties with trout, becau.se the little fel
lows will drop down to salt water when
they find the creeks receding.
Well, now, this is great logic and cer
tainly well worthy of careful thought by
the Fish Commissioners.
Supposing the little fellows depart for
the ocean when they become sufficiently
large to battle for themselves, will they
not return again for the purpose of propo
gating their species? Most assuredly they
will return, but according to some of the
know-it-all Deputy Fish Commissioners it
would be absurd to think of planting any
more fry in the coast streams. Possibly
the thousands of little lishes that were
planted by unintelligent handlers per
ished, and no one conversant with trout
culture will wonder because the coast
streams are yearly becoming barren of
lishes.
': !io State supports several hatcheries,
and the citizens of this City contribute
largely toward the maintenance of those
tisii-breeding establishments. It is no
wonder then that the local anglers feel
aggrieved because the Fish Commis
sioners have given little or no attention to
the stocking of the creeks which are con
stantly whipped during the open season.
Those streams which are lished most
should receive the largest amount of at
tention from the Commissioners.
A large number of anglers who visited
Point Reyes last Sunday on a tip from a
morning paper tnat steelhead-fishing was
tirst-class returned sadder but wiser men.
One poor old spent lish was caught ana
that was the feature of the'day's sport.
John Butler received word yesterday
that good salmon-lishing at Duncans
mills is now enjoyed.
The following letter from Sonoma has
been received :
Sporting Editor Call- If the Fish Comtnis- !
sioners ure reaily anxious to stop trout-fishing :
above tide water, the opportunity presents
itself on Sonoma Creek almost daiiy. Trout- i
fishing with rod and line is >'iie of the sports
enjoyed by many, and 1 consider that it is an
injustice to the sportsmen who observe the ;
close season not to oe allowed to lish at all •
times of the. year, so loiifr as there is no one to ;
stop this aimost daily practice of illegal lish- i
ing. li a few arrests were inside I think it j
would have a wholesome effect upon those ',
who persist in cleaning the creek of "trout.
Jnits Meadows.
The result of a meeting of gentlemen j
interested in a fly-casting tournament,
which was held last evening at the Olyin- ;
pic Club, will be found i;i another part of
The <'alu
Henry Skinner, the popular angler and i
salesman ot E. T. Allen iV Co., recently re- !
ceived the following interesting letter I
from John F. Sieoe, who is making a j
tour of the world in the company of his i
friend Al WieJand:
Cairo, Egypt, Jan. 31"; 1890.
Friend Henry: Here we arc in Cairo, alter
two months' trip up the Nile on our private !
yacht, or dahabeahs, as they nre named in ;
] Arabic. 'I was reading a paper this evening I
and came across such a good fish story that I j
thought I had better cut it out and se'na it to !
you to match some of those inimitable fish i
yarns that we rend in The ('all iroin our
friend Geary once in awhile. The story reads: !
A loiiKh lisli story is related which . may or may ■
not be true. The story goes that one spring, while j
a party were fishing In Scotland, a lawyer lost his '
j (told watch from the boat in which he was sitting. |
Tin- next spring he made a visit to the same pace.
and daring the Brat day's sport caught an eiuiu
poundt-r. His astonishment could be imagined
when he found his watch lodgert in the mouth of \
the flsh. The watch was running and the time i
correct. It being a stem-winder tlie supposition Is i
thai in masticating hla food the lisij wound up the I
watch daily.
Wieland and myself had (rood pigeon and
dove shooting up the Mile and we tound wild
ducks very numerous, but owing to the scarcity
of cover it was impossible for us to approach
the foreign broad bills. We were not provided
with hunting skirl's, which are, as you may .
know, very necessary to insure a successful
duck shoot on the Nile, but we had fairly good '
BUCCess all things considered. I hope you are I
enjoying good health and that the "Skinner
Dine' 1 Is prospering. Strange to relate that I
actually made an attempt to catch brown trout
in some of the streams in England, Australia
and Germany, but it thundered ana rained so
hard on each occasion that trout lishing was
out of the question. We caught a fewsmall lish
from one of the small streams that empty into
the Rhine on Jonn Benn's famous coachman,
l>ut apart from that we accomplished compar
atively nothing in the piscatorial way. The I
grand oldTrnckee River is still king o"t trout I
streams and 1 will siay by it now and forever. I
Very best reeards to Mr.Allen and inquiring
friends. Hoping to have the pleasure of bee
ing you soon, 1 am yours truly,
John* F. Siebe.
GUN AND DOG.
Club Shooting Contests at Oakland
Track— Bench Shows.
As the season for shooting game birds
has passed, sportsmen who take pleasure
in handling guns will enjoy their leisure
hours in trap-shooting. To-morrow the
Electric (Jun Club will hold its first blue
rotk shoot of the season at the Oaicland
track, and the California Wing Club will
meet also on the same sward and pepper
tame pigeons.
On Tuesday the Olympic Gun Club will
journey to the Oakland track, where its
inaugural r.hoot of the season will be held.
The San Francisco (Jun Club has elected
officers as follows: F. R. \\ ebster, presi
dent; J. 11. Jellett, vice-president; F. S.
Butler, secretary and treasurer.
It is reported that the Country Club pro
poses to hold only a few trap-shooting
contests this year, and these may be helrt
on the club's grounds near Olema, Marin
County.
The following are the dates selected by
trie kennel clubs for their bench show :
April 21-24, Southern California Kennel
Club's annual show; May 6-9, San Fran
cisco Pacific Kennel Club's fifth annual
bench show; May 20-23, the Alarueda
County Sportsmen's Association show in
Oakland.
James Mortimer of New York vrill judge
the Pacific Club's exhibition and Mr. Lacey
of New York will pass judgment on the
dogs that will be represented in the Oak
land and Los Angeles shows. The bench
show committee of the Alameda Sports
men's Association composes W. L. Prather
Jr., J. G. Barker, George Gray. W. Blow
and 11. Newton.
Lloyd Eaton, Charles Dietz and Frank
Iloffling bagged thirty-nine seabrant in
Toniales Bay last Sunday. This is the
largest number ol those wary birds that
have been killed in one day this season.
Hoffling says that twelve-bore guns are
best for this kind of shooting, and tiiat No.
2 sliot is by far more effective that B. B.s,
which size was considered necessary for
Jong-distance game shooting.
THE RIFLE.
What an Eastern Journal Says
About the Columbia Target.
According to the extensive arrange
ments that have been made by different
rifle and pistol clubs for meetings before
the butts it is safe to say ttiat large gather
ings of rifle-shooters will be present to
witness the shooting contests at Shell
Mound and Schuetzen parks.
The lovers of rifle-shooting in this City
will feel interested in what Shooting and
Fishing of New York— a paper which de
votes considerable space to the rirle— has
to say editorially on Mr. Young's Co
lumbia target, which is very well tnought
of by the Pistol and Rifle Club of this City
because of ita simplicity aud excellent
I merits as compared with other targets
now in vogue. The paper says:
Since the advent of the Columbia target
these columns have contained communica
tions from a nunibor of the prominent rifle
men and target-shooters of America, some of
whom have written favorably to it, while
others have found fault with it."
As to tte merits or demerits of the new
■ target the question will be decided by the
riflemen themselves, and by the clubs which
will vote on the adoption of a new target. It
cannot, however, be too strongly impressed on
the minds of members of the numerous rifle
> clubs that there should be uniformity in the
I targets adopted and used by them. This is a
j ferious fault with the various targets in use at
the present time. The old Creedmoor target
I remains in use, unchanged, and owing to its
simple divisions it will stand the test of years
to come for military und ;long-range shooting.
I .hver since the practice of offhand shooting
became popular there has been a demand for a
target in which, if possible, line divisions, ease
of marking and scoring, and simplicity could
be combined. For a long time there was an ur
gent demand for decimal counts on every tar
get, but it seems to have died out In recent
years.
The German ring target is and has been a
popular target with some rifle clubs. The
chief objections to it are that it is not easy to
tell readily how many inches from the center
a shot may be, owing to the divisions being
three-fourths inches; the second objection is
the high numbers, which necessitates the use
of so many signal numbers, and the totals are
not so quickly found as in other counts.
One of the objections raised in regard to Mr.
Young's Columbia target is that all riflemen
desire to have totals appear in the highest
numbers possible. It is ever thus in radical
changes and improvements, and rifle-shooters,
i although quick to make, advocate or adopt
anything in the nature of improvements in
rifles, ammunition, etc, are slow to give up
other things, anil perhaps this objection —
making the possible the smallest instead of
the highest number on the target— will not be
adopted quickly.
Comparison of targets is something that will
always interest riflemen. That ii is important
can be readily understood by any target
shooter. When a high score is made on the
target— with the present numerous counts em
ployed—there is an insh'.nt desire to compare
the score on a turget having finer divisions,
and in clubs where the secretary is required
to keep both the Creedmoor and another
count his tusk Is anything but pleasant. All
riflemen desire to compare their scores with
those of other clubs, and unless uniform tar
gets are adopted this is not an easy task.
THE BOXERS.
Sullivan, Ryan and Davles Are Com
ing— Sharkey as a Swimmer.
John Xi. Sullivan, the ex-champion
Paddy Ryan, "the Trojan," and Charle
Davies, "the Parson, " who invariab
winds up an argument by saying, "let
go at thai," are now on their way to th
City, and will be seen at the L'olmnb
Theater in a play entitled "The Wicklo
Postman," which lias been written esp
cially for Eugene O'Rourke, the cleve
comedian.
When Sullivan visited this City som
years ago he was the most popular of inei
and was Daunted by a curious mob wiie
ever lie went. Strange to say, althoug
Corbett, a native son, won from the grea
Bostonian fighter a title which is covetec
by many pugilists, Sullivan stands to-da
a much more popular wan than the cleve
Californian wtio allowed a chammonsln
to slip through his fingers by handing
over to Peter Maber, the young Inshmai
who stood no chance of whipping tl
elongated and crafty Xew Zealander.
Regardless of the" fact that John L. Su
livan is now or. the shelf — that is so far a
lighting for the championship is con
cerned — he is and willcontinue to be tt
idol of the sporting fraternity. I'add
Ryan, who is Sullivan's old opponent,
also a favorite with the boys, who will be
glad to see his always pleasant smile in
line or wet weather. Corbett received a
"frost" when he appeared hereafter hav
ing conquered Sullivan. It now remains
to be seen how the sporting fraternity will I
patronize the ex-king of the prize ring.
Alexander C-reggains, w'io is matched
to box Torn Sharkey at the Bush-street
Theater before the National Club on the
evening of March 12, i» now in the pink of
condition, and if nothing unforeseen iiap
pens will bi> O. K. wlien the time arrives
for fistic exchanges, (ireggains is an ex-
I cellent loot racer, and he has recently
| found backing to match him against any
■ man in America in a race of from one to
I five miles. Strange to say Sharkey, who
j is now training near the Cliff House, has
a record for swimming which any man
may feei proud of. The pride, of the
American navy thinks nothing of jump
ing from the end of the pier which runs
from the beach opposite the life-saving
station into the ocean, and swimming
around the seal rocks and back to the place
of starting.
Sharkey nas swum a distance of nine
miles, ana says that he can comfortably re
main in the water for ttiree Hours at a
time. His trainer states that the coming
champion heavy-weight is in magnificent
condition, and will surprise his clever op
ponent when they meet within the ropes.
At any rate the contest promises to be the
most exciting that has been witnessed in
this City since the palmy days of the old
California Club.
The first entertainment of the Mission
Athletic Club will be held this evening at
the club room, Twenty-sixth street and
San Kruno road. The directors are : Jack
Welsh, Jack Mitchell, Jack Kidney, Tom
Maher, Joe McAuJiffe and V. P. 8. M. R.
Sam FitzpatricK, trainer and manager
for Lavlgne, in a letter to the sporting edi
tor of The Call says that Lavigne will
sail for England after his tight with Me-
Auliffe on March 11. "The Kid" will
meet Dick Burge during Derby week, and
if he defeats the Englishman he will de-
CRICKET.
The Association Elects Officers and
Appoints Delegates.
The California Cricket Association held
a large and enthusiastic meeting yester
day at the Occidental Hotel. After the
business affairs of the old association were
finished the election of officers for the en
suing year followed. It was unanimously
decided to tender Edward Brown the pres
idency. E. R. Delafield was elected first
vice-president; i). Hearheld, second vice
president; R. B. Hogue, third vice-presi
dentr A. E. Coats, fourth vice-president;
B«n Clark, secretary-treasurer.
Delegates— Alame'da Cricket Club, Hogue
and Clark; Bohemian 'Club, Robertson
and Cookson; California Club, Townsley
and Moran; Pacific Club, G.Theobald and
Delafield. The Country Clud of Mill Val
ley was not represented, but will be heard
from later on. The San Jose Cricket Club
was admitted to membership. Rule 4of
the by-laws was changed 10 read that the
secretary cannot become a delegate, conse
quently Mr. Clark must resign the office
NEW TO-DAT.
" • YIN MARIANI restores
Strength quicker, and . sustains
vitality more than any other
omc * Juliet Corson
rEBa-i
EEIIIEEB
THE IDEAL TONIC
pronounced unequalled by all
who test it.
j Mailed Free, j
j Descriptive Book with Testimony and
I Portraits
! OP NOTED CELEBRITIES.
'Beneficial and Agreeable. .-.-. . ', ' ,
livery Test Proves Reputation. i
ATOid Snbgtltntfong. Ask for' Yin Marian!.*
• At Druggists and Fancy lirocers. •' '
MARIANI & CO., " '■■■■*"■
'..-■. . , v . ■. ..... ■■■« .
of secretary if he desires to become a dele
gate. Theobald, Townsley and Cookson
were appointed a committee to arrange
games for the season, the first of which
will be played j n April.
Tlie Alanieda and Golden Gate cricket
grounds will be placed in Brat-class condi
tion, and the lovers of England's national
game may look forward to some excellent
cricket this year, as there are a number of
first-class players who have recently ar
rived from the lands of cricket among the
clubs, and will make their debut in April.
The association will convene again on
Thursday evening.
FOOTBALL.
A Game Between the Suisun and
VaHejo Teams— Gaelic Players.
The Gaelic football clubs are seemingly
out of the race this year. In the past
seasons Gaelic football was a grand fea
ture of Sunday sport'and the games played
were well attended, but yery little has
been heard from the secretaries of the
dubs this year. Possibly a lirst-olasa
game of Gaelic football will be played on
the afternoon of March 17. It has been
suggested that the captains of the old
clubs meet and select two good teams
from the available players and that prac
tice should be commenced immediately, so
that a tolerably good game can be wit
nessed on Ireland's great day.
The following letter from Vallejo is self
explanatory:
There promises to be an interesting came o!
football at Suisun on Sunday between "the Sui
6iin Valley eleven an<l the Farraguts of
Vallejo.
Botli teams have met on the gridiron this
season and the Karraguts proved to-be victori
ous after a hard struggle. The Suisuus put up
a much better game than the Farraguts, but
in some unaccountable manner just as the
Suisuns would fumble the ball one of the I'ar
raguts was there to grasp it and score a touch
down. So that is the way the Farraguts won
the grtme.
The Suisun boys are not satisfied with the
result ami want to meet the Vallejo team again
i. i-xt Sunday at Suisnn, when the valley boys
will try to gnin their lost laurels. The Farra
guts have won four games out of live played
this season by defeating the Americus, (ireen
C's, Sui.suns and St. Mary's College elevens.
They were defeated by the Peerless eleven by
a score of -1 toO after one of the hardest-played
games of the season. The I'eeiiess team hud
some of the Olympic's football team with
them.
The Soisans have been greatly strengthened
since their last game with the Farragats «nd
will flo all in their power to semi the colors of
the Farraguts, blue and crimson, trailing in
the dust.
BOYS' BRIGADE FOOTBALL.
The Second and Fifth Regiments to
Close Their Season.
The afternoon of March 7 will see the
closing game f f football for this season,
and from all appearances it is to be one of
great interest. From the weight and size
of the players one would have to streU'h
their imagination considerable to believe
they are "boys." In February of last
year the teams played a heavy game at
Ni'w York, the Becond Regiment team
carrying off the honors. Pnii c that time
there has been more or less rivalry be
tween the two regiments. The members
of the Fifth Regiment are not modest in
their declaration that their team will
come out of the game with ''ilvinc colors,"
while the Second Regiment team assure
the members of their regiment that the
day will be theirs. For months the teams
NEW TO-DAT.
'! n#> * ji
\ > Tobacco users say. Ah! maybe you say \ •
ij so yourself. There are millions like'!
J i you, with what physicianc csil a "TO- \ '
<[ BACCO NERVE"— thai ts, your nerv-'!
| > ous system is completely under tobac- i *
1 1 co's narcc'Jc stimulant, and when you ' i
! 1 «ay, "I CANT QUIT," you tell the truth. \ ;
1 \ The natural way Is to treat the diseased J '
/ nervous system by using 1 '
|j"iid"j HAKES IT I
BAG EASY, «
\\ acts directly on the tobacco-irritated < \
I 1 nerve centres, destroying the nerve \ >
I craving effects, builds up and Improves*!
: ■ the entiro nervous system. Makes WEAK J >
i[ MEN STRONG. Many report a gain of <[
ji . fen pounds in ten days. You run no J'
; physical or financial NO-TO-BAC 1 1
J , SOld jnder your own \ >
\ iDRUS&IST'S aiUMHTEE.!:
1 i .Every druggist is authorized to sell ! '
1 No-To-Bac under absolute guarantee '
i to cure every form of tobacco using. . >
i Our written guarantee, free sample of , '
i No-To-Bac and booklet called, "Dont >
1 Tobacco Spit and Smoke Your Life
Away," mailed for the asking. Address
1 THE STERLING REMEDY^CO.. Chi-
, _ Montreal^ Caa.. New York. 06 1 '
VHOWnnb ■ <» constipation OalyiST
1898 RAMBLERS
HAVE ARRIVED.
1895 Models Will be Sold for
$85.00. :
COME WHILE THEY LAST.
1896 Ramb1er5.....,............;....4100;0()
1895 Ramb1er5.;...........;..;......... 85.00
THOS. H. B. VARNEY,
1325 Market st., S. F. •."•)' ;=:
427 S. Spring st., Los Angeles.' ■ '
r ROYALTY couldn't ride a i
more perfect wheel than the 5
A It s the Zing: of Bicycles. Royal S
Jin every line and featnre^,-—-,^ 4
Jtm. I. i-. JSO «n I JlOn, fully yy^BS^&W a
I^j^ «on of a famous French physician, will quickly v<m of r
T^^f? (X» (St- ttonof afamousFrench physician, will quickly euro you of a^ne>l
\\\ jejy \> 'i \T JOU3 or diseases of the generative organ., such as Lost Man
IM/ \# *4fti/ Insomnia, I'ainsJn the Back, Seminal Emissions,- NervoiiaDrtSmS 1
X/f^L T < BW' iln P es,tnfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicowle «fj
X_ T V^ y Constipation. 1 1 stops all lorn» by day or night P. eve™,, Lfck.
— ><*-»' neasor discharge, wWch if not clu-cltptl lea<ls to Kpermatorrhrpii a,-d
BEFORE AFTER »' the horrors of Impotency. CCI'IDEJIE cleanses the liver,
CPPI DE N E «tren g kldners and the urinary orsansof all impurities. <•»!"«
CVPIDENK ntrengthens and restores small weak organs. *
The reason sufferer: are not cured by Doctors Is because nfnpty per cent ar«> trnnhtcw* ™i»k
Pro«tatltl a . CUPIDENK is thoonly known remedy to enre without an op, ratiorT l™f. v
as. A written (ruaran tee given andVioney returned if Bix boxes does not effect °vetman7nt?nrt
|U)0 a box, six fur by maU. v Send for krke circular and testimonUiSai permanent cure*
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 632 Market street, s un Francisco. Cal. For sale by
. ■•, •- . ■ BBOOKS'PIIAKMAW, U5 Powell street.
NEW TO-DAT.
"MUNYON'S
CONVERTS IK'REASIM
i
Hundreds Declare They
Have Been Cured.
! Druggists Unable to Keep Up
With the Demand.
! Read What Prominent People Who
Have Been Cured by Mun-
yon's Remedies Say.
.
E. B. Stonehill, ex-District Attorney ol
| San Francisco, room 74, Nevada block,
says: "I obtained a bottle of Munyon's
j Rheumatism Cure, intending to ascertain
: its effects upon a >'>rt of rheumatic cout in
■ my lelt foot, from which I had suffered a.
1 great deal. After taking several, doses of
j the pellets the pain left my foot and
i located in the joint of mv riuht wrist. The
i pain was intense, but in the meantime the
swelling in my foot hart almost entirely
: disappeared. Three days later my wrist
' commenced to improve to such an extent
\ ttat I was able to handle a pen, • and at '
i present lam entirely free from pain. My
boot, which I had Cut in order to afford
I me relief, I have laid aside for an ordinary
'. gaiter, and inasmuch as I took no other
' medicine I must attribute the cure to your
i pellets. The action of the medicine Was
i : swift, and entirely satisfactory in my case."
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure never fails
I to relieve in from one to three hours, and
] cures in a few days.. Price 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
j cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
I ach troubles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold iv a few hours.
Price 25c. ■•■: j • •'•'.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
; night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the lungs. Price >c. „:
Munyon's Kidney Cure speediiy cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c." r - ° °
Munyon's Nerve Guru stops nervousness
and builds up the system. 25c. .... .-■>
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
! The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the
j disease from the system, and the Catarrh
' Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heal the
I parts.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herb 3 re-
: iieve asthma in three minutes and cure in
live days. Prica, 50c each. rV^V- i -.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops headache
in three minutes. Price 25c* ,•'.,•»"-' v- o : - °,
I Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
| cures all forms of. piles. Price 25c. -. .;:.;
Munyon's lilooa Cure eradicates all im- :
purities. of ihe blood. Price 25c. ; o " .=' o ;
Munyon's Vital restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1. z °. .., t ° c " I
A separate cure for *>ach disease. ' At all
I druggists, 25 cents a bottle.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1503
! Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
.ROVELY WOMAF
j . GOES ftWHEEL ! :
: AND SHE IS LOVELIEST ON A
STEARNS!
The Ladies' Model is the feminine gen-
der of the Steams' model . for men. It is
I the lightest, safest, handsomest. I "" -V .
STEARNS
E. C. STEARNS & CO.,
304-306 Post Street, ?.""■
I DEYAH, uorms &co.y City Agents.
I / AwTf? £ fi) v qB frvjl ,"a| j "* I
ft I Lji* i c2itt Is SbL?^^»" 'I ■ *■* ■* *^ O
WSw mm
HOOKER a GO. [MwM*^\
IS-I8 Drumm St. I(A iLffi 9Sjlki I "* fl
RETAIL STORE: I fffiaffnl^Tr^?^^*! ■
1640 Market St. »1«1111»1m12wI|
Bin Francisco, Cal. \ yß9H|^ I
CASH BUYERSOKLY
, ABOUT SO \
'•',', Of the Very Highest Grade ° " J ,°':<
$100 BICYCLES
..' ;— TOBESOLDFOR— °
$6O : EACH!
'/■ Judges of snch viiieeis know that tl>r>y will s,o
qnioklv. lSiicli a chance cannot be offered 1 by auy
dealer because the price is less than" his wheels
cost at wholesale. The conditions throwing tin'se
wh»-His on the market seldom occur. The sale Will
bpgiti February 25 at our new store, 933 Harkec
St., opposite Mason. Take elevator.
,; WIIKKEEIC & WILSON aiFG. CO.
AW E^ C pgA^^2^^r^ STRIC y GRADE
ALL LATHE WO R K^v^^ii^r OR TWO' YEARS.
J A.L.BANCRQFT&CO.324 .POST ST.S.F. .have been practicing, and are being
coached by some oT the best players about
the bay. As the Second Regiment is lo
cated in Alameda County, and the Fifth
Regiment in this City, there is consider
able rivalry among the supporters of each
regiment.
The members of the regiments are learn
ing "yells," so as to make it as unpleasant
for the '"other fellows" as possible.
Major A. N. Taylor, captain of the Sec
ond Regiment team, is a student at Berke
ley, and has an opportunity of making
himself familiar with all the latest wrin
kles in football.
Adjutant A. J. Morrison is manager of
the Y. M. C. A. team and captain of the
Fifth Regiment team. He is an old player,
and through his coaching gave to the
Y. M. 0. A. team of '95 the honor of beine
the lightweight champions of the Pacihc
Coast.
Arrangements have been made to put
Central Park in lirst-class condition for
the game. From the interest manifested
there will be a lar^c crowd witness the
game. Tne First Brigade band, B. B. C
will render a select concert from 2 :30 until
3 o'clock, at which time the game will be
called.
HANDBALL.
Games That Will Be Played To-
Morrow-Olympic Club's Court.
The following games of handball have
been arranged by Commander Phil Kyan
of the San Francisco Ball Court for Sun
day:
R. Shea and G. McDonald to play M.
McNeil and J. Rodgers; J. Nelson and M.
Dillon to piay P. Kelly and J. Slattery; J.
White and- R. Murpuy to play W. Jacobs
and G. Cunningham; Al Pennoyer and J.
MeEvelley to play J. Lawless arid P.
Hutchmson; .T. Harlow, the coast cham
jnon, and J. Riordan to play P. Donnelly
the amateur champion, and T. F. Bonnet!
The Olympic Club players are now happy
in the thought that they will have the rin
t-^t constructed ball court m America
within a lew months' time.
*
= .Coursing.
The following dops will meet in the
slips to-morrow at Casserley and Kerri
gan's Park:
1 MrKaue's Flambo vs. D. Leonard's Will-o'
the-Wisp; Villa kennel's Electric vs. Hull's
Jenny Lind; Hull's Butcher Boy v>. T. Brai.
iian s , I.issak; Villa kennel's Tempatt vs. A,
Merrill's Snow Bird; W. D. Murphy's Lord
t liiton vs. \v. Ryan's Sculptress: J. J. Larkey's
s-pinaway vs. S. Riordan'.s < 'hicopee: D. Dun:
< a's Kveninp Star vs. J. Sexsmlth's Mission
Bojr; J. Byrne's Mohawk vs. J.i.juane's Captain
Moise.
A CITY HALL DIRECTORY.
The Merchants' Association Has
Now Taken the Mat
ter Up.
Plans of Floors and Location of Offices
to Be Placed at Corridor
Crossings.
The difficulty experienced by strangers
or even residents of this City in finding
any given point in the City Hall on ac
count of the mysteries of the phosily cor
ridors has led the Merchants' Association
to make an effort to have directories of the
great pile placed at convenient points where
the desired directions can easily be ob
tained.
In furtherance of this object the follow
ing letter has been addressed to the Board
of Supervisors: .'«- 1
Gentlemen: The necessity of a concise yet
complete directory iv the new City Hall" is
recognized by almost every person who has
occasion to go to the City Hall, and must be
clearly-apparent to the • merr bers of your
honorable boar<i. •"-•—
The board of <piri eton of the Merchants' A
ssociation has given this matter careful con
federation, and has had prepared by the con
sulting engineer of the association plans and
specifications for this work.
Herewith, we beg leave to present to your
honorable boara a full description of this di
rectory ana index, together with- estimates of
the entire cost of furnishing the plans and
placing them in the new City Hall. We have
cad one of the plans finished and framed,
roady to hang in the corridor, and herewith
submit this one for your inspection.
The acknowledged necessity of a directory
in the new City Hall, and the very small cost
<>f 'this improvement (only £121 20), will un
doubtedly induce your honorable board to
oraer the work done without further delay.
Should there be any question as to the avail
ability of fundsfor the purpose, t c Merchants'
Association would respectfully offer lo bea-r
the necessary expense. Respectfully Yours,
Mer( havts' At<SOCIATIO>?. .
F. W. J" hkman.n, President.
J. Richard Fkeid, Secretary.
Accompanying the letter was a compre
hensive description of the directory which
contemplates the numbering of the offices
in the different curriaors as the blocks of
streets are numbered.
On each floor at the crossings of corri
dors will be placed a complete directory of
the whoje buiidintr and beside it a plan of
that floor. This will require sixteen com
piete directories and four plans of each
floor, or sixteen plans in all. The plans
and directories are to be framed in neat
oak frames and covered with glass, and if
the location is darK a light is to be k<jpt in
front of them for easy reference.
The numbers of theoffces will be painted
on the office doors and at each crossing of
corridors shall be placed a large board
containing the name of the corridors.
DOOM OF MORION STREET
The Police Commissioners Make
an Inspection of the
Place.
Those Resisting the Law Will Be
Arrested as Vagrants and Sent
to Jail.
Tbe offensive residents of Morton street
will nave to vacate their premises on tbe
4th of next mouth or suffer the conse
quences of being arrested as vagrants and
be sent to the County Jail as a punish
ment for their hardihooa in defying the
law.
This is the conclusion reached by the
Police Commissioners after their visit to
the offensive locality last night. Commis
sioners Tobin and Gunst made a night
visit to the place, and the following day
Commissioners Tobin and Alvord went
through the street and saw for themselves
what an eyesore and foul blot the place is
and has been on the social map of theCitj.
A Call representative, when speaking
with Commissioner Gunst at the Baldwin
Hotel last night, learned that positive
orders will be issued by Chief CrowJey in
eide of a few days to the police whose
detail will cover this street to arrest all
women found there after the 4th of March
and charge them with vagrancy.
"The brazen audacity of those outcasts
in bringing suit against the Chief of Police
for blockading their vile dens is more than
the Commissioners are prepared to stand,"
said Mr. Gunst.
'Now they nave, so to speak, defied the
power of the people to compel them to
close their houses of ill repute right in trie
commercial heart of the City. This is
more than we. the Police Commissioners,
are willing to endure."
Inasmuch as the other two Commis
sioners are of a similar opinion as Mr.
Gunst, and the Grand Jury is in fulJ accord
with the head of tbe Police Department,
the foul blot heretofore permitted to dis
grace the City is lilteiy to be soon a thing
of the past.
SAM LEAKE IN A DRIVE
Downed Billy McCloskey in the
Most Exciting Finish of
the Day.
EEDHOT FAVORITES BEATEN.
Sweet Rose at Odds on Finished Be
hind Dare Dollar— Hidago Led Oak
land Past the Wire.
It very seldom happens on a racecourse
that one stable has the honor of sending
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
"Thirty-second Day of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track Good. Bay
1 District Track. Friday, February 28, i 896.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
j st. J vi
1T17777
4
i »
8
i II::::::::
6
I::::::::
2
10 1
9
6
11
15 i.
14
■ 13
12
XA
I Str.
Fin.
| Hotting.
Op. CI.
745
711
728 !
746 ;
734 I
740
AM I
752
744
746 i
745 !
759 ;
'09 !
746 ,
762 !
Ike L. 4 107
Don PioPico, 3... 98
I Playful, 4... 103
Rodegap, 4 104
lnii..__ij(lvmioi_,... 93
j Chinook, "3 107
! Little Tough, a... 108
Rapido, 4 104
Nettie I), 3. 91
Laura F, 3 91
I Currency. 5 108
Prince Devine, 4.106
1 Diablo, 4.... 107
! Fleet, 5 112
! Sinbad. a 108
1 Va
4 Va 1
6 Va
7 Va
8h
6 2
2h
112
93
3h
' .10 h
: 14 1
I 15
j 13 1
! 12 V'a
1 1
3h
6 2
8h
93
42
5%
10 4
7 V*.
2h
12 3
118
14 V 2
iSVa
15
1 3
31
91
7%
5h
6 h
10 6
8 h
l! %
12
14
18
15
I
1 4
2 i'a
3 3 a
4h
6i/ a
6 2
7h
8h
9V' a
10 4
11 Va
12 4 I
13 6
14 6 !
15
E. Jones
11. Martin......
Coady
M. Bergen
Beauchamp...;.
C. Russell
Chevalier
Snider.
Valencia.......
C. Slaughter....
Cochran.
Shaw.
; Peoples
W. Cole
Golden
6 9
4 9-2
10 X 6
10 16
10 20
30 100
20 30
20 " 25
40 100
6-5 11-10
60 60
60 100
20 60
1"5 40
100 250
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, Garden City stable's eh. b., by Major Ban-Miss Flush,
ne, 1:10*4.
•7/-«r» SECOND BACK— Six furlongs; handicap;
purse $400.
Index.
Horse, weight.
__]£
Str.
| Betting.
Op. * Cl.
741 Dare Dollar 88 1
(721 Sweet Rose 95 i
726 Clara Johnson.... 90'
760 Decision 103
691 New Moon 97
741 Marionette 105
«
1
3
6
■ 4
2
i
6
1?
6 h
3h
4 h
2 3
4 5
1 2
5 2
8 b
6
9 h
2 2
1 2
53
4 4
6
3h
1 1
28
3 3
42
6Va
. 6
C. slaughter 4 4
Donnelly. 1-4 3-10
Reidy 40 50
T. Sloan I 7 9
! McClain 1 12 25
K. Jones .12 16
i
I
start 1
ael:l
gate
T '
6*7 THIRD RACE— Seven and a half furlongs; inside course;
4 . purse $400. -..'■..
upward ;
Index, j Horse, age, weight.
St.
Va
Fin.
750 Sam Leake, 3 11l 2 IVa
748 BiIITM'C_OS-_-.v,3.111 5 j 42
700 Carmel, 5 122 1 I 84
734 Walter .1,3 107 3 2h
730 Olivia, 4 11-lj 4 : 6
2 2
3 Va
4 3
. lh
5
lh
3 5
4 10
2 1
5
1 ti
•_' 8
4 4
8 4
5
1 h
28
33
4 20
5
Griffin
Shaw
Shields
j McClain
I Mclntyre
1-5
6
■ 10
6
19
1-6
12
15
8
60
Good start. Won driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. c, by imp. Darebin-Carrie C.
ue, 1:40 - 4. ilfti_CT_liwlltß?lW_
7/_«Q FOURTH RACK
_ DO. allowances; purse
i; selling;
Index.) Horse, age, weight, j
St. std. !Vi Va -Vm . I Str. I Fin.
=24 33 34 2h 2h IVa
'■ 4 2 h 4 4 4 4 2 3
3111312 11 ill 3 1
1 31% 2 1 |2h 3 2 8! •> 4
St. '
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. CI.
(760)!Hidago. 4 112
717 Oakland, 6 104 1
723 FlirtilJa. 4 97 j
762 E. H. Sherlev, 6. .107
'J. Chorn I
H.Ma.tin !
E. Jones.. ;
T. 510 an..... ...
j 2-3 2-5
! 2 18-5
20 16
! 8 7
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, B. Schreiber's blk. h., by Hldalgo-Gracioso. Time,
1:57*4. '--.-.. ; . '
*"/_»Q FIFTH RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-old maidens; penalties: purse $400. ;
'H RACE— Four furlongs;
i; purse $400.
Index.
Horse, weight.
St.
! v*
■A %
....:... lh
:::::::: IV*
7777777. l#
"".... 73
3h
9 10
84
10
I . Jockeys. \<>T tt %
Jockeys.
B l'J lßeydelTierra....H6 1
698 Investigator 111. 113 2.
764 Scarborough 116 6
Cande1ar1a.. ...... 113' 8 1
754 Lady Hurst no 4
715 Charlemagne 113 5
754 D. J. Tobin 113 8
 ConsinJoe 113 9
Marcie A HO 7
Arnica 112 1 10
I ;
I
11
« Va
5h
32
• 7
43
8
9
10
1 1
2 3
ah
4 3
5 IV'a
6 3 ,
74
86
9 15 ;
10
Coady • 6-5 7-5
Pryce | 15 100
Beauchamp. ... 10 12
H. Griffin j 7-x *
Jones 1 15 20
Garner ..:.. | 6 8
R. Smith... 100 300
Pe0p1e5.....:.... 60 160
Shaw 20 100
Bozeman.. ..„.. I 60 500
::::::::
i
I
ins-gate usejl. Won <
Time, :50*^j.
'. v
b. c, by Prince of Norfoik-Haidee.
"-ij SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; conditions; purse 300.
Index. Horse, age, weight.
St.
. -*Vi
Mi .
• Fin. j
Jockeys.
I Bet tine.
[Op. '• CI.
741 Crawford, 6 108; 2 1
607 l'alomacita, .... 91 6;
709 Royal Flush, a... .111; 7 1
7H5 Veragna, 3 98 3
747 Miss Norma. 4... 102- 12°
757 Road Warmer, 3. 931 6
741 Sen. Hoffman, 3.. 96. 1 !
721 Rev Alta. 4 104 9
644 Hacienda, 5 106 4
734 Ensign, 3 93 8 ]
752 Gondola, 6.: 106 10 ]
644 Suffrage, 3 9111
308 Robin Hood 11,5.111. 13
\'7.'7.'77.
i •""••:*
........
77777777.
3h
7 xi,
6Va
64
9 1
7 2
2 h
10 3
4h
if*
12
13
8h
7 Va
6 I/3
5 2
9
1 5
i 4 ¥2
2h
8h
11
12
*
. 2h !
43
7
62
5 1,
14
33
8
9
10
11
12
1 1 .T. Chorn .6
2 3 Garner ' 8-5
3h ! Castro ........... 30
• 4 Vs: H. Martin. 8
• 6 1 jR. Narvaez 20
ti Va E. Jones I 8
7 3 Reldv 15
8 3 McClain 10
9 10 Shaw 6
10 10 Mclntyre. 15
11 20 coady ! 8
12 Hewitt 15
........ ; Chevalier 6
7
4
.30
6
15
• 4
12
20
15
16
20
30
16
!'. •'."'•'
i
::::::::
Starting-gate used. Won handily. Winner, Antrim stable's eh. g., by
ie. 1:10. * Pulled up.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Bay District Track.
■• In races where tbe horses have no record at tht! distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance Bre given.
A bbreviationa— F., fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
. FIRST RACE— furlongs; selling.
Index. I
735 j
734-
-728
740
763
746
727
749
Name.
I Best
Lbs I record.
Lbs
Tk.
F...
F...
F. 7
' Owner. :
'752 '
(182)
762
509
746
609
721
i.74
City Girl 90 1:08%
Myrtle H. 90 :56
Moran 92 no rec.
Joe Hi 11.......... 107 1:01%
Miss Lucy. 1 99 no rec.
Swlftsure 1107 1:08',
Normandie 107 1:29
Irish Chief 107
Cloud ... 107 no rec.
Monterey 107 1:1344
Yreka 104 1:15%
Polaski 107 1:40%
Rob Roy 106 1:15
Phy11i5.......... 94 1:03
University 104 1:11%
Tamalpais.".... ,112 1:16
Rogation 104 1:10
! 5% 1
I ii/ 3 t\
V7bt~
1 ;
1 *.'6%'f
LIL.
*6 f '
6f
lm
6 f
5 f
6% t
6f
I 5% f
91
104
i'oB
.... I
' "98
104
....
103
101
95
100
'101:
107,
104
I 94
iF.'.'.'
F...
....
F...
1...
F...
F„.
F...
H..
F...
Fa.
T. Fox Imp.Tradewind-Mlstletoe
T. J.Roche ! Torso-Lady Leinster
'/.. Abrahams. , Patten-Louise Forrest
Joe Hill I Kingston- Lady Golden
H. Floyd Red Iron-Moll!.. Watkins
l A.H. 5ma11.:...... Coloma-Laura D
Ramsdell&Garland Imp. Kyrle Daly-Extract
F. Brown &Co ! Longfellow-Ba'oee
F. Vanciel.... j Wildwood-by Jack Nelson
J. O. Bayley.. Hidalgo-Glen Ellen
Stewart | Flood-imp. Bridget
Owens 8r03... iCapt. Al-Gnld Cup
T. Finn Robson-Greenleaf
J. Garrett..... Imp. Trade Wind-Daisy S
W. Randall limp. 11l Used-Affinity
Mrs. Anderson . Joe Hooker-Una
W. Earp.. I Surinam-Mistletoe
SECOND RACE-Half mile;
Index. I
742 Orseno 106 no rec :.
742 Red Panther.... 97 no rec
652 Vencedor 100 no rec. .....;..
Manzanillo 100 no rec.
710 Cyrus King 100 no rec. ........
, (732) Rien/i 107' :43V 4 3% f
Dr. Martin 106 no rec.
. (754) (_H?yh<irst 104 :50 % m
King Street ; 110 no rec. j ;..
754 Lindendale i 96 no rec.
Name.
Lbs
I Best
record .
Lbs Tk. i Owner.
J.H. shields
.:.. .... ;Odell stable...
fc H. E. Rowell !
" .. ,M. Kelly ,
1. Eze11....
110 F...-P. Mitchell j
.... .... I Mart I McConnell 1
105 F... El Primero stable.. ;
j Burns & Watrhouse
I I
Owner.
Onondaga-Nettie Beatrice
I Three Cheers-Etta W
El Rio Rey- Avail
, Tyrant-Patty
j Vanqulsh-May D
: Tyrant-Electricity
El Rio Rey- Florence A
Imp.Martenhurst-H Scratch
: King Thomas-Decoy Duck
Pedigree.
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles: Palace Hotel stakes; handicap.
Name.
I Lbs I
;i_bs
I Beta
record.
Lbs
Tk.
Pedigree.
762 Arnette.......:.. 88 i 1:46% 1 i-IS in! 96JF... Garden City stable... Imp. Midlothian-Filena
(763)|Vinctor 117 1:39% - m 111 P... Elmwood stock farm Imp. Brutus-Mollie H
(761) Installator 115 1:53% 1% m 188' F... EI wood stock farm Imp. Brutus-Installation
762 iFortuna... 95 1:40 71/2 f 104 II;. ' Encino 5tab1n........ Imp. Brutus-Viola Rea
1350 Lovdal 108 1:47% \l-16m : inF... Burns «fc Waterhouse Wildidle-Fre . Love
761 : Fred Gardner. 100 1:421/4 1 m i 104 ; F.. . F. M. Taylor... Luke Blackburn-Enfilade
FOURTH
steeplechase.
756 Cicero....
(756) JOC
(737); The Lark.
684 iZnragoza.
707 Arctic
756 Mestor...
71 TomClarl
752 Harry Le
756 Gold Dust
FIFTH RAC:
Index.
j Cicero.
JOC !
i The Lark j
; Znragoza I
Arctic J
Mestor !
, Tom Clarke..... ■
Harry Lewis....
Gold Dust .. !
Name.
I Best I
Lbs 1 record. Dist.
146 3:553,4 2 m
142 3:22 % *1% m
140 3:221/4 *l%m
133 no rec ........
136 2:20% 1% m
126 3:21 *1% m
137 3:25% *l% m
122 no rec. i ........ !
133 3:20% *1% m
Lbs Tk. Owner.
147 If.. S.C. Hildreth.....;.
136 F... G. Motherall
129 F... J.T.C1ift0n........
! i Rey Alfonso stable.
140F... ! Welcome stable....
128 F... F. Farrar .......
134 F... F. Farrar.;;........
.7.. .... J, Maddox .........
122 F... J. Fie1d5...:.;.;....
Longfellow-Belle Knight
j Apache-Ire
)Wildcat-by Monday -.;'-..;.
Imp. Cheviot-Bessie Hooker
'■ Robson-O ree n leaf .
! Falsetto-Wood.ark
Zulien-Hazel Kirke
i Versailles-Cousin Kate
Oro-Uold Cup
and a half
Index.!
(750) Belllcoso,
437 Wm. Pinkcrton
(763) Vinctor
'(757) : Ceo. Miller
719 The1ma.........
763 Yankee Doodle.
(764) Derfargilla......
370 Ricard0.........
Name.
-. | Best I
I Lbs record. Dist.
1127 1:15 6 (
I 98 1 1:02% sf'.
110 1:27 7f .--.'
111 1:01% 5f ..
1:08 5% f-
-99 1 : 14% 6 f
109 1:18% 6f •
111 1:U8% &V 2 '
112 P... Pueblo 5tab1e....... I Peel-Imp. Janet X
109|Fa.lS. C. Hildreth...... Shatjnon-Fannie Lewis
111 >... Elm wood stck farm Imp. Brutus- H
113 _'... W. L. Stan Held Lofiin-Enuna
104. F... Lawrence stck farm John Happy- Pansy
107 F'... Cambridge stable.. Prince Royal-Manzanlta
107 F... M'Naiigbton.fcMulr Onondaga-Elsinore
|101 F... F.F.Capp5.. ....... Wildidle-Blue Bonnie
Owner.
Pedigree.
SIXTH RACE-SI
1; selling.
I Best
, record.
Lbs Tk.
89 F...
109 1 F...
107 H..
"9i'f._7
105 F...
103 F... I
92 11. . 1
94 F...
106 F...
107, H.. 1
96 Fa.i
132 F...
112 H..
106 1r...
Qi'lFa.'
110 F...
103 H..
ice &'.'.
Pedigree.
Owner.'
(753)
760
631 j
"'749' :
767 j
. 760
735 . j
(752) '■
764 :
745 !
752
(740)
711 '
741 '
769 '
726
747
479 ,
. 716 I
765 ,
770 I
1314 j
George C j
llermanila ,
i Ashland Eclipse
bobrante........
Coleman .....:..
{Walter J........
'Meadow Lark..
Jack Atkins.... j
' Repeater........ i
iLeveua C ......
! Catch 'Em .
5ea5ide..........
Leila 6. .::..;..:
'Pearson
Gov. 8udd......
' Huntsman
Beatrice.... •
Uncertainty .... j
l D0ubtfu1........ |
[ Arti5t.;......... i
IDon'Pio Pico ...
| Sen. Hoffman..
Charles A.....:. |
92
109,
110 !
107
1 1:10: js*/ a f
,1:16 - 6 » -•
1:07% 5 f '- -
:i':di'" 6f ""..
i -.66% 4% t
1:16 6 f„ -
i 1:00% 5 f •
1:151,4 6 f
1:15% 6 f '
1:04% 5f
1:14% 8 1 *
1:031/4 5 f
l:lfl% 6 f '.■ '
1:01% 6 f "
iVIO% wi"*"
1-.16& 6 f
,l:19*/2 «.* ;
i':OSS% b'l"'"
J. Garrity........... I Bramble .Lady Lou
IX G. Folbansbee... Fresno-Sister to J. Douglass
Dr.Rowell | Logic- Blue Stockings ..
E.J.<SO.W.Boescke Imp. Kyrle Daly-Carrie C
Westchester stable. Ip. Sir Modred-Blithesome
F. McDermott....;. Imp. True Briton-Lilly a
Elmwood stk farm 1 mo.' Brutus-Nabette
J.P.Atklu.. — ... I Regent-M vsadle ■
J. 8ren0ck...... j Rapture-Ventura
D. A. H0n1g..;..... iAusel-Miss Goodrich
.Mokelumne stk Imp. Midlothian-Lit. Flush
iP. Skbenthaler. ...limp. Mariner- Idarin v
A.H. Enos ........ Iron wood-Jen nia Mack"
B. schreiber........ Imp. Great Tom-Drift -
W oodlawn stable..; .Fresno-Rosa G -"• '
,P. Herz0g.........;. Prince Norfolk-Haidee A-/.
C. H. Durkee j St. Savior-Miss Mitford
C. E. Murray....... Emperor-Quandary "*
H. Eze11...;......... I Doubt-No tchltoches
C. Gi1man........... Imp. Darebln-Hlrondelle
J. R0Db1n5... "....;.. i Joe Hooker-Countess Zeika
D.' J. Tobin.;. limp. Inverness-Dora ••- ■•-
I Archibald John A-Early Rose
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1896.
four pronounced favorites to the post in
one day, but such was the case with the
Burns & Waterhouse stable yesterday. Of
the four, one was first, two were second,
while the other managed to finish just
outside of the money.
The "sensational finish of the day was
when Sam Leake, the entry from that
stable in the third evt-.it, a seven and a
half furlong run ovr the inside course,
flashed past the wire a "face" in front of
Billy McCloskey. The Darebin colt was a
Ito 4 choice in the betting, and most of
the wagering was confined to picking a
place horse. The unlucky Walter J joined
the favorite when the flag fell, the two
point: at a great clip to the stretch, where
Walter had enough. Shaw, on Billy
McCloskey, now sent that horse out, and
he made it decidingly interesting the
balance of the journey for the odds en
choice. A hundred yards from the wire it
looked dubious indeed for Sam, but Harry
Griffin was equal to the occasion and lifted
him in winner by the shortest of heads.
It proved a very costly victory, for the
winner, entered to be sold for $600, was
bid up to $1500 by the owner of Billy
McCloskey.
The day's sport was notable for the many
redhot favorfties that were chalked up in
the betting ring. But two out of six repaid
their supporters with the confidence re
posed in them by winning. Friday is
generally an off day at the track and the
attendance was only fair.
Barney Schreiber's black filly Laura F
was again made a hot favorite, going to
the post a 6 to 5 favorite for the first race
of the day, a five and a half furlong dash.
She failed* to get a mark. Ike L, aloto 1
chance, was in front nearly the whole dis
tance and won easily from Don Pio Pico,
with Playful in ti.ird place.
The six-mrlong handicap for fillies was
a complete fizzle as far as an even adjust
ment of weights was concerned. Dare
Dollar, in at eighty-eight pounds, and
Sweet Rose, with ninety-five pounds up,
were the only ones that had a chance, and
the other four would have done better to
have remained in the stable. The talent
overlooked the fact that Dare Dollar had
shown up well in fairly good company in
the East the past season, and Sweet Rose
was considered such a good thing (.hat the
ring held her at ito 4, with 5 to 1 against
the Darebin filly. The prohibitive favor
ite led until within a furlong from the
wire, when Dare Dollar, who had been cut
off and compelled to fall back the first
part of the running, came on and won
easily by a length. Ciara Johnson was a
distant third.
The black horse Hidago was a 1 to 2
chance for the mile an I a furlong selling
affair. The ranK outsider, Flirtilla, led
until less than a furlong from the finish
ing post, when she was passed by both
the favorite and Oaicland. Chorn drew it
pretty fine with the black fellow, beating
Oakland out about three-parts of a length
in I :57Ji.
Ten maiden two-year-olds lined up in
he maiden half-mile scramble. Roy del
Tierra opened an even-money favorite.
There was a hot tip out on Candelaria,
who opened in the betting at 7 to 5. His
price went up to twos, when a raft of coin
poured into the books and he closed favor
ite, Rey del Tierra receding to 7 to 5.
When the barrier was raised Candelaria
was slow to get in motion. The second
choice, away well, led throughout, win
ning easily by a length from the 80 to 1
shot, Investigator IIJ. The favorite was
fourth.
A live and a half furlong dash, with
fourteen starters, concluded the racing.
Crawford, at 8 and 9 to 1 in the lieuing,
got home a length before the favorite,
Paloniacita.
Track and Pacidock Items.
The stable was reported to have lost
$6000 over the defeat of Cantlelaria. The
youngster was slow to get away, but made
up a vast amount of ground, finishing a
close fourth.
Eddie Sach's srooi mare, Til lie S, will
not be seen at the post again. She broke
down in her work and has been sent to
Palo Alto stock farm to be bred to imp.
Loyalist.
It is many days since Royal Flush has
been a 100 to 1 shot in a held of cheap
selling platers, but that was the pries the
ring laid against him yesterday. He fin
ished third, and with a competent boy in
the saddle would have had a righting
chance for the purse.
The programme tor the first week's rac
ing at Ingleside was issued yesterday.
The pursus for ordinary events range
from $400 to $t;00 v with $1000 for a special
handicap at a mile, to be run on the first
Saturday of the meeting. Thursday next,
the opening day, wiil be ladies' day. For
St. Patrick's day the club has arranged a
special feature— the shamrock handicap—
at hve and a haif furlongs, with Tim Mur
phy, Pat Murphy and Babe Murphy as
starters. Joe Murphy will of course be in
the stand as usual, and arrangements have
been made to have the well-known plater,
Thomas Murphy, send the horses away
from the post.
SUING THE STOCKHOLDERS
People's Home Bank Directors
After the Unpaid Capi
tal Stock.
The Suits Promise to Bring Out the
Vicious Schemes to Control
the Bank.
Every stockholder, good, bad and indif
ferent, of the People's Home Savings Bank
will be sued by the directors of the bank
for the unpaid capital stock. The five suit 3
filed in the Superior Court Thursday were
merely a beginning, for John Flournoy,
attorney for the directors, will enter about
150 suits in all without delay.
It is estimated by the directors that if
these suits are successful about $75,000 will
perhaps be added to the bank's meager
and very uncertain assets. The attorney
believes that $75,000 is the limit of the
amount that could be recovered from the
stockholders. There are many reasons
why such a comparatively trifling sum is
regarded as the best that may be done in
this struggle for dissipated capital. Many
of the stockholders are ligureheads who
undertooK the contemptible role of dummy
for Dr. McDonald and others who wanted
to avoid nieeting their just obligations.
The capital stock of the defunct bank
was $1,000,000, and of this only one-third
was paid in, $W<;,«j<36 66 outstanding. It
was shown by the depositors that consid
erable of this amount was available and
should be collected. Tiie directors paid
little attention to the suggestion, having
been more directlv interested in protecting
debtors of the bank; as, for instance, in
the case of Sherman, who owes the Peo
ple's Home and Pacilic banks nearly $1,000,
--000 on doubtful securities. Last" July or
August four of the seven directors voted
against calling in the unpaid capital. Fin
ally the Bank Commissioners instructed
the directors that it was their duty t-icall
in this capital, and in September of last
year the directors passed a resolution,
under pressure, calling in the unpaid capi
tal stock. It was understood then that no
suits should be brought before November
30. On this date the directors entered into
a long discussion upon the question of
granting further time, with the result that
no extension was deemed advisable.
The attorney was instructed to bring
suits against the stockholders, but imme
diately a number of other important mat
ters came up, and so he was unab!6 to sue
for the unpaid stock sooner than Thurs
day last, when the first five suits were filed.
The transaction again brings to light
the vicious methods employed in the Peo
ple's Home Bank by men supposed to have
had the interest of deppsitorsat heart, but
who really worked for their own selfish in
terests. In hardiy any other department
of scheming in tlie management was the
work so fruitful of loss of reputations.
Anyhow the stock was secretly transferred
to irresponsible persons, and it is now is
a sorry muddle. When the receiver wan
appointed temporarily the people anxious
to retain control of the People's Home
had stock transferred from the McDonalds
and some others who had some available
assets, and in this way T. C, Hardce,
clerk in tue office of James Aha Watt, the"
then attorney for the institution, became
the owner of 1089 shares, Mrs. M. E. Wil
son, McDonald's confidential assistant, got
1450 shares, and so it went until the schem
ers secured sufficient stock to retain con
trol.
It is now claimed by several stockhold
ers that the stock was put in their n&mos
without their knowledge, and consequent
ly they are not responsible. Others will
claim that they qualified merely to act as
directors after the bank had failed, and
weri;, therefore, never bona-tide stock
holders. Many such defenses are ex
pected by the bank's attorney.
The following-named stockholders voted
at the meeting held January 13 last, and
cannot claim they were ignorant they
possessed the stock. There are several
ANOTHER COLLEGE PRESIDENT
Finds in Paine's Celery Compound the
Greatest of All Remedies.
President Charles Dole is not the first
great college president or great educator
who has been outspoken in praise of
Paine's celery compound.
The detailed and convincing testimonial
of President Cook of the National Teach-
ers' Association is fresh in the public
mind.
One of the foremost educators in Amer-
ica, Principal L. L. Camp of the Dwigiit
School, New Haven, has called Paine's
celery compound the greatest invigorator
in existence.
Such men as State Treasurer Colvin of
New York, Mr. Carlisle's private secretary,
Mayor McShane of Montreal, Rev. Fr.
Ouellet, Commodore Howell, ex-Minister
to Austria John M. Francis, Edmund
Russell, and a host of others whose charac-
ter and learning are recognized by the
world, have publicly stated that when they
were sick it was Paine's celery compound
that made them well.
Thousandsof equally responsible, though
perhaps less widely known, men and
women, whose word in their own cities
and towns is as good as the best in the
land, have testified to the merits of this,
the greatest of all remedies.
Enough consistent, trustworthy testi-
worthless stuffers among them, though
not a few are responsible men:
G. Antonucci, 3 shares; Dr. Boericke, 1°;
F. N. Belgrave, 1; Mrs. H. C. Barnes, 13: W.
H.Barnes, 10: Dr. J. Boushey, '20; A. Chiei
zola. 1; J. J. Cook, 30; Professor George
Davidson, 3: Mrs. K. Davidson, 21; A. h. Doe,
5; L. M. Doe, 5; R. J. Dnvi3. 30; Mrs.
D. S. Dorn, 50; I. P. Cubery, 1; S.
H. Davis, 50; G. F. Davidson, <>;
S. Goldstein, 10; N Goldtree, 35;
David Kerr, 5; S. R Long. 3; P. K. Leavtit, 57;
C. W. Mott, 30; S. A. McDonald, administra
trix, 5; A. Motro'ni, 2; P. 8. Mitchell, 3; A. J.
Mitchell, 1; IJ.1 J . P. Nolan. 20; W. H. Phelps, 23;
I>. P. Kossi, 3; (J. Stone, 5 ; S. K.Thornton, 5;
.I.K.Wilson, 50; J. Winterburn, 30; Mrs. A.
Waterhouse, 1»>; J. A. Walt, t>; T. S. Williams
Jr 5; Cleveland Dam, 10; I. J. Truman, 5;
M. E. Wilson Jr., 1450; T. Z: Hardee, 7.059; C.
Watcrhouse, 11; S. B. Hardenbergh, 240; H.
A. (iabie, 150; R. J. Davis, 145; K. i). Bobbins,
100; J. xl. Lem, 100. Total, 4755.
An attempt wilt be made to get service
on the McDonalds and if that be possible
judgment may be taken against them.
The old doctor is -in London, Frank is in
Korea and Dick still lingers in the County
Jail.
RIGHTS OF THE BABY.
Dr. Cheney's Lecture on tho Attention
Which Parents Owe to Their
' Children.
Pr. William Fitch Cheney lectured at
Cooper Medical College last evening on the
subject, "Baby's Rights." Dr. Cheney's
lecture was the fifth of the fourteenth an
nual course of Lane lectures. He laid
down the proposition. that the baby had a
ereater right to demand the mother's at
tention than the ballot-box had. Inci
dentally he observed that many of the so
called "new women" were in fact oid
women, if the baby i 3 brought into the
worid without the privilege of choosing
his mother lie has a right to the care of a
mother. There were nursegirlsand nurse
girls, but as a ciass they were incompe
tent. The baby nad a right to the affec
tion and attention of parents. A man was
not doing his whole duty by providing the
baby with fooJ, shelter and a nursegirl.
He should pas^s some ot bis time at home.
The question sometimes may arise,
Which has the greater demand — business
or the batvT Dr. Cheney believed that
the in flu-. ■ on the baby's life would
bring richer greater than business success
would yield.
The lecturer observed that the modern
tendency of civilization was t6 deprive the
baby of nature's food — mother's milk. The
baby surely had a ri;»ht to the food best
suited to him, and it was surely a mother's
duty to see that the baby was fed regu
larly. In the absence of the nourishment
whlchnatare intended the baby to have,
the next best thing was the milk of the
cow.
Dr. Cheney spoke of the atrocities which
babies are subjected to in their feeding,
and ascribed much of the sickness and ail
ments of children to the ignorance of
mothers.
In closing the lecturer said the baby was
entitled to love. All was not done when
physical wants were supplied. The sad
face of a child deprived of' the sunshine of
human affection was indeed a pitiable
sight.
A large audience listened to the lecture.
HER MARRIAGE ANNULLED.
A Plaintiff Who Found Her Former
Husband Was Alive.
Tbe marriage of Agda Anderson to Neil
F. Christiansen has been annulled by
Judge Hebbard on account of a previous
existing marriage. The plaintiff was mar
ried first to August Ande-son in 1881.
He left her, and after a number of years
she secured — or thought she secured — a
divorce from him on the ground of deser
tion. In 1389 she married Neil Christian
sen, and two years later she learned that
the divorce had never been really granted,
and that Anderson was still alive. She
has lived apart from Christiansen since
1891, and now she has had the marriage
annulled.
mony, always of the highest character, is
to-day in every one's possession to con-
vince any doubter (if one exists) of the
remarkable power of Paine's celery com-
pound to make the sick well again.
President Dole was born in 1843. He
graduated from Norwich University in the
class of 1809 and became professor of polit-
ical science in the university. In 1595 he
was unanimously elected president, to
succeed ex-Secretary of State Hon. George
Nichols. He has held, as the public good
required, nearly ail tho public oftices in
the gift of his townsmen. In a recent
letter he says:
"I have used Paine's celery compound
for several years and rind it an excellent
remedy for nervous exuauition, especially
that caused by long-continued mental
work."
The use of Paine's celery compound is
soon followed by an increase in the quan-
tity of active, ruddy blood, quick in its
rounds. •
Dyspepsia, neuralgia and rheumatism
are routed from the body. Diseases due
to deranged, under-fed nervous tissues are
rapidly cured, and good spirits, hopeful-
ness and an eagerness to get well take the
place of melancholy, low spirits, morose
MANHOOD,
Health, strength, mental and physical nerve and sexual vigor.
Honesty, self-esteem and confidence. The manly bearing, con-
fident expression and the bright and happy sparkle of the eye
The love of society, denoting a happy disposition, quick m.enta.
and physical action are the elements of perfect manhood. They
may be yours if you replace the vital force which you have lost.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will renew it. E\^ry man who ad-
mires pure manhood should read the book, " Three Classes of
Men," which can.be had free. •
A STRONGER MAN THAN EVER.
Wh DR - A - T - SANDEN-Bear Sir: When I received rour BeU Fwa^i^a bro^e'n doVn condftion,
both pnysically and mentally; had no ambition lor anything; could not sleeDwell- hmla
very poor appetite and was always|think-Lng about my trouble. After I had worn v , n ' r belt a
month I was much improved, and I gradully became stronger every day, and to-day I am a
better man than I ever have been, and would advise every . sufferer from 'similar troubles to
secure a Dr. Sanden Electric Belt. It will cure without fail. Yours, truly slmuar "ouDies to
GUST JOHNSON, 613 Mission street.
This is only one of many which are being received 'from day
to day. Does it not tell you an easy and sure means of regaining
your health? Get the book, Three Classes of Men," free. °
&j&>.JSrJE>ttIST ELECTRIC 00.
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours-8 A. M. to 8:30 p. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
OFFICES AT- — •
* I-O8 ANGELES. CAL. I /■:'-' " ; a PORTr IMn rrn
■ 20^ South Broadway. ', | .. 253 Wathington street. :
■ 7. • " '. ! ~- ' '. . - : ~ ■
lIIlMli
A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
30 years' experience. A positive aiid unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary aud
tertiary cases of blood disease. No case ia-
curable. New cases cured. in two weelcs. Coa-
suitaiiou and fuil iniorrn&tiou free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
Hoom 1, 633 Market St.t San Francisco.
temper and the fear of approaching calam-
ity, that are the shadows of a run-down
nervous system.
Nerve-tired, despondent, enfeebled per-
sons again enjoy living after their feeble,
shrunken nerves have been fed by a grand
restorative like Paine's celery compound.
Sleeplessness, usually due to an abnor-
mally excited, overworked but underfed
brain, vanishes with the coming of a rich
tide of nourishing blood.
Paine's celery compound purifies the
blood, stores the nervous system with
energy and hurries along the replacing of
worn-out, diseased parts by healthy, active
tissues.
Every city has men and women who
praise Paine's celery compound in their
homes, talk about it to tneir neighbors,
and rely on it in all cases of threatened or
actual sickness.
All persons who keep abreast with the
achievements of the day kDow the remark-
able strengthening effects Paine's celery
compound can bring about where the
brain or the nerves need refreshing, re-
storing and regulating. Thousands of
persons have been convinced of the power
of Paine's celery compound to make them
strong and well.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
CALIFORNIA AND ENGLISH.
p. a. McDonald,
809 to 813 Vo Iso in Street, and 300 to
400 Howard Street, Iron*
Fremont to He it If.
Office 813 Folaom Street.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SCMMAKV OF THE MARKET 5.
Silver lower.
Wheat and Uariey futures hicher.
Oats and Corn nrglwtcd. Hyp dull.
Feedstuffs weak. Hay steady.
No demand for Beans.
Hops ruinously low.
No luisiuess In Wool.
Hams. Bacon and Lard firm.
Driod Fruit and l'.aisins flat.
Oranges ratl.er firmer.
Strawberries appeared. .
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Butter rapidly aeclimng.
Cheese steady.
Kggs extremply dull.
Turkeys advanced.
Rhubarb lowex and plenttful.
Hogs. hrm. Other meats steady.
No change in Coal.
I ipliinxtlon.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flcures
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in lnches"and hundredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, e.[ual temperature. The
word "high" means nigh barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; 4 \r>w"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weatherand rains. "Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
When the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north and
south alone the coast, rain is probable; but when
the --low" is incited with Isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon Is improbable. With a
"high" in the, vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
fallini to the California coast, warmer weather msy
be expected in summer and -colder weather in win
ter. The revers*- of these conditions will produce
an opposite result.
"WEATHEII illliKAl" BEPOIiT.
■ VNITKn States TIKPARTMKVT OF Ar.RlriT.Tfßr.
WkaTHXB Bureau. San Francisco, February 28,
IH9J. 5 p. m.— Weather condititns and greneral |
forecast : " j
The following are the seasonal rsinfalla to date j
as compared with those of the samp cla;e last sea- !
son: Kureka 26.59, last season 32.33; Red Bluff '.
-13.91, last season 25.13; San i-rancisco 12.49, last
! season 21.97: Fresno- 4.09, last season 11.32: San i
j.u.B Obispo 12.25, last season 22. 46: Los Angeles
B.9l ,'lasi season 11.68; San Die:,-02.82, last season
* 10.17: Yuma .46, last season 3.01.
-The following maximum temperatures are re- j
ported from stations in California to-day: Eureka ]
54. Fresno 66. Ix>s Angeles 74, Red Bluff 62. Inde
pendence*—, san Diego 62, San Francisco 58, San i
Luis Obispo 62, Yunia 80.
sail Francisco data— Maximum temperature 58,
minimum 48, mean 54. Kainfall duriug the past
24 hours, .05 of an inch.
The storm which was central last evening near'
Vancouver Island hits moved southeastward and
is now central in Colorado and' New Mexico.
There has been si considerable rise in pressure
throughout Idaho ami Washington. The pressure
iii Northern California has remained nearly sta- !
tionary. while it has fallen decidedly in Arizona j
and California. Cooler weather is reported from I
ail sections of California, Nt-vada a-id Utah.
Shoul.l the wind diminish injurious frosts
will occur.throughout the central portion of Cali
fornia. It now seems likely that frosts will occur
Saturday night in Southern California and Ari- I
zona. The pressure along the Northern California ,
and Oregon coast has reached its crest an 1 is now ,
commencing to fall. The changes are very rapid I
and showers are likely to occur 'on the extreme j
'.Northern California coast to-night and increasing (
cloudiness is probable 1 for Saturday throughout
Nor. hern California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight February 29. 1896:
Northern Oalifornla— Fair In tne south portion;
generally cloudy in the north portion, with
' showers on thJe extreme northern coast Saturday:
fresh northwesterly winds in the south portion;
southerly in the north portion.
southern California— Pair; cooler In the interior
Haturrtay: probably frosts in the interior Satur
day nlsht;brist northerly winds, westerly along
the coast.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
• Utah— Fair Saturday. '.
a Arizona— Fair: decidedly colder Saturday; se
vere frosts Saturday night.
San Francisco and vicinity— Generally fair Sat
urday, but with increasing cloudiness during the
day; fresh westerly wind?.
o ■. . W.H. Hammox, Forecast Official.
>KW lOKK MARKETS. .
Financial.
NKW YORK. N. V.,' Feb. 28.-The stock mar-
under the influence of higher quotations from
London and the receipt of buying orders from that
center, opened strong to buoyant. An advance of
*.4 t" 7/ 8 per cent occurred in the first transactions,
but the rise was soon checked by a drop in Leather
preferred from 62 to 591.4: the stock still feeling
the effect of the passage of the dividend. Thebears
then seized upon the \\ ashington news concerning
the agitation In ' the Senate looking toward the
recoznition of the Cuban 1 belligerents as a pretext
for a break in prices, and hammered the list with
grt'Hl vigor.
Prices yielded slowly at first, but as rout:d
amounts of the leading shares were thrown upon
the niaricet thedow-nward movement was acceler
ated, and during the afternoon a general decline of
i/« ti) 5 per cent ensued. The fact that houses
with Washington connections were prominent as
lellers gave color to the reports that a feeling of
apprehension existf-d as to the outcome ot the
mnch-talkea-ot Senate resolutions on the Cuban
question. Many stop orders were caught on the
way. down,- and a number of small traders were
shaken out of their stocks.-
Particular attentron was paid to Sugar and the
stock broke from 118. ;« to 113s/ 8 on sales of nearly
9b.000 shares. The leading insiders were cred
ited with heavy purchases af the lower range.
General Electric Chicago Gas, Louisville and
NashvUle, Manhattan, the grangers, Lactcawanna,
Tenneiisee Coal and Iron, Jersey "Central, the
Southweslern shares and Pacific Mail yielded any-
Where from y 2 to 3 per cent. Tobacco was rather
firmer than the re«t and Northern Pacific ruled
positively strong, rising 13/ to 173/ .and closing at
JbV 2 . bnortly before the ciose there was a rush to
cover an<l price* rallied y to 2 per cent. Burllns
lon and Quincy, Leather prelerred, Sugar and To
bacco led.
Amon,' the specia! Baltimore aDd Ohio rose
.^,4 to SO, bat later Improvement. Thetotal
transactions were 215.500 shares. Speculation left
off steaily in tone at the recovery noted.
Bonds wtre lower, the sales footed up 51,204,000.
Atchison adjustment fours fell H/ 4 to 48i - do
se<-o,fis certificates, 16/ 8 to 265/ : Chicago and
Nortberi Pacific lives ceit!Jicat»-s, 1% to 43: Kan
bhs and lexas s<-couds. H/ 8 to 60%: Ohio South
ern sixes, H to 94. Korthera Paciflc thirds ad
vanced i^ t0 8oy, : do consolidated lives, 1V to
433 4 and do cmincates. Ito 4:u 
1925 sold" "t l ne^ bonds, *77,Wu coupon fours of
1925 sold at 116' 8 to 117:t 8 .
.." " Orain.
FLOUR— QuIot, firm. Winter wheat low
Jl!B6@S9«: winter '"i ter patents, S3 to fancy,
tel 805.3 90: winter wheat patents, S3 90ftu4 lo-
Minnesota « lear. 5270^30; Mlunpsota straito'
*^3(t: -Minnesota p. tents, *;, 35^4 30; low
gradrs, $2 sOi-a:-i: city mills. *4 15fa4 25- city
nnl.s pa.ents, $4 20@4 46: ry« mixture. $2 50f<d
4 60; siipernne, Jf2 1O&4.7O; fine, »2 Oo@2 26.
Southern flour— Finn. Common to iair ex-ra'
*2 40(o3; n>od io choice, i*:i<ai3 30. Bye floor—
Firmer, fairly active, $2 GO&2 95. Buckwheat,
fl<'tir— Noiniim'. " . .
BICK\VJIEAT- 40@41C. ■
COKN.MKAL-Quiet; y. low Western, $2 20, a
*2 25: Braiidywinc. S2 20. „ * WS>
RYE-Nomlnal.
KAiaKV- >ominal. .
BARLKY MA LT-Firm=; Western, 56®58c.
WHEAT— DuII, linn. No. .2 red. store and
elevator. 82c; afloat, S3J/2<m t. o. b., h^aHU ■•
ungraded red, 70©85 c; No. 1 Northern, 77i/!jc. '
Options moderately active, closed firm at ij
%Vi<i advance on firmer cables, foreign buying,
uer West acd iocil covering. May hih! July
most active. No. 2 re<l, February fbd Miir. h,
7.'<-' 4 c; April, 75% c; May. 74c; Jutu;, 73i/ c; July.
73 Vie.-; n nesg^s^SSM
CuKN-IniH. arce, cash firmer. j No. 2, 36T/ 8 i;
elevator: 37"' afloat.
Options wcrt; dull, llrmer wi h the "West and on
local covering: May an;l July only traded In.
February, H6%c; .May, 3'j%c; July, 3"3ic.
• — Dull, stronger. ■
' Options null, firmer. Febriiary, : 26V4c:. March
and May. 2bc. spot prices: No. .'_', 263/ c;
No. 2 white. 27% c; No. 2 Chicago, 27% c- >o.
3, 25% c: No. 3 white. 26Vs c: mixed Western,
26JVfe@26%c; white State and Western, 27@29c.
FKKD— unchanged.
Provisions.
BKKF— unchanged. Beef hams inactive.
$1! ftO@ls; tierce beef, dull, steady: city extra
India mers, $15@16 50: cut meats, quiet: picklp.i
bellies 12 pounds sc: do shoulders, 4y / ic; do
hams, B%@B*,ic.
LARD— uuiet: Western steam, S5 56; city, $4 90
@5:-May, $5 70. Ketimd. Inactive; continent,
$~5 90; South American,? 6 10; compound. s4 b'2i /2
@4 87%. ■"
POilK— Dull, weak; mess, $10@10 50.
BUTTKR— Steady: Slata dairy, 9@130; do
creamery held, 13@19c: Western creamery. 14®
22c: do"held, 12(g>iHc; do factory, B@l3c; Elglns,
2"c: Imitation creamery. llV2@lsc; rolls, B@l2c.
(Hi: ksk— Fair demand: uhchanaed. ■
EGOS— liberal receipts, weaker ; Kiatp and Penn
sylvania, lj@lli/t.c; soutliern, 10@10y cu ic(>
house, caso. $1 75@2 25: Western, fresh, 10V'"@
lie: duck. 23@30c.
TALLOW— Active, steady; city, 313-16 c; coun
try. 33.i 7/ c.
COTTONSKED Quiet: crude. 21c; prime
yellow. 2o@2s';;c: oooff grade, 2!>r.
RoSlX— Active; firmer; sLraiiitd common to
good, SI 62y 2 @l f)7 1
TtJRPENTINE— steady: 29'/i@29%c
■ POTATOES— weak: sweets, $2(gt4 75.
RlCE— Firm: domestic, fair to extra. 3(o)5-lic;
Jai a r i. 33.i@4c
MOLASSES— Moderate dPiruuirt; Np\y Orleans
open kel ie. good lo choice, 27@37c
; — Steady: anchjuuted t-o points down.
Febroarv, $12 70 March. 512 50rail2 65: May,
$11 f*,'i(u.i2: July. $11 45: September, $10 >r<i>
10 9.*); Novpinbi-r, $10 76: December, SlO 65®
10 75. Spot Rios!e::dy: No. 7. 1314 c.
SI.'UAK— Raw, firm, quiet; fair reflnint;, S^4c;
centrifucal 96 test, 4i-' B e. Hetined. quiet; \o.
6, 4%c: No. 7, 4 Sltir; No. S. 4y c: No.
8. 4 3-16: No. 10. 4y 8 c: No. 11. 4 11-l6c: No. 12,
4c; No. 13, 3 15-iec; A, 4 7-16@4 11-16 c; mold
A. 51.4 c: standard A, sc; confectioners' A, 4%c:
cut loaf and crushed, 6 'ac: powdered and cubes,
ViO; granulated, sc. • •
.Fruit anit Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS-Aprlcots, bags, 914
@12c.
PKACHES— PeeIed. 14rai6c- nnpeeled,4@By>c.
XES- Four sizes. 5 Vs@sytc
RAISINS— 3-ccown. 3iA&3%c: do 4-crown. 4V2
(aoc: do London Javers,Bs(&9sc: do clusters, $1 26
m 45.
ALMONDS— Soft-shell, 7y«@Bc; do paper-shell,
: 1 a 1 6c. r" .---T
WALXUTS-Soft-shell, 8y 2 @loc; standard. 6y 3
@7c. c
HOPS— Kasy: quiet: statp. common to choice,'
2i/o(a;Sc: Pacific Coast, 2 1 >(di8c: London market
steady: Pacific, 30@405.
v\(K)i, Qniet; domestic fleece, 22c;. pulled, •
15@33c: Texas, fl@l3. ; ;- -
Merchandisß
PIO IBON— Quiet; American, $11 75@13 50.
COPPER— Lake. SlKaill 15.
AD— l rm ; Domestic. $3 22%@3 25.
TIN- .Rasier: Straits, $13 40; plates, quiet. ,
KPtLTKK-St^udy: Domestic, $4@4 10.
CHICAGO MAKKKIS.
CHICAGO, Ilt_, Feb. 28. — The feeling in
wheat to-day continued in the bullish vein that
became prominent shortly before tho close yester
day. There was nothing s'.artling or radically
bullish in the news, but the sontimant was such as
| to d<:er the short seller frim pursuing his usual
' course. St. Louis led Chicago most of the day, the
market at the former place not declining when the
■ latter eased oft. and" at about the weakest time
j Chicago hail St. Louis took a turn upward.
j Liverpool cables were rinn. Receipts in the Norlh
• west were large at 485 cars, against 356 last Fri
day and 420 a year asp. Chicaitb had 64 cars.
Withdrawals from store were 100.840 bushels.
Closing Berlin cables were higher. i'uris and
Antwerp were unchanged. : Kxport clearances
; were liberal at 393,868 bushels. The market eased
off before the close, early buyers selling with some
, desree of liberality. May Wheat opened from
j 673/sC to 67*ic, sold between 6G'/gC and 68V§c,
closing at 67-'< c. r. 8 c higher than yesterday, ts
timated receipts for to-morrow, 60 cars.
, CORN— Trading in corn developed no new feat
ures. ,The opening was firm in sympathy vith
wheat, but later a period of weakness was noted,
I followed by a rally which carried prices to about
I starting figures. Receipts were 406 cars. 66 more
i than expected. Withdrawals from store amounted
to 30.176 bushels. Liverpool cables were ■inlet
j and s.eauv. Export clearances were 211.468
Imsh Is. May corn opened at 30 ie. sold betweeu
! 3(134(3 30 8 c and 30V2(g-30%c. closing at 30?4c, a
' shave hie«ier than yesterday. Estimated receipts
| for to-morrow '.."SO cars.
] OATS— \Vere indisposed to move with any de
: gree of celerity. The action of the leading markets
i turnished the directing influence, but price ;
| Chancres were not important or broad. Receipts
! were i 5 4 cars, and 110.400 bushel 3 were taken
; from store. May oats clcsed a shade higher. Es
timated receipts for to-morrow 280 cars.
FI.AX-Was Rteady; cash, 90c; May, 9OV3C
! Receipts were 25 oars.
PROVISIONS— early trade in provisions
I wa» at very weak prices, another large run of
hogs at the yards depressing vnlues at that place,
which in turn worked to the disadvantage of the
I product. A steadier tQne took possession of the
market later, with business falling into a state of
I dullness, stocks of provisions on the Ist of March
are exDected to show as follows: I'ork. new, 120.-
J 000 barrels: old, 23.000: lard, 100.000 tierces:
1 ribs. 18.000,000 pounds. May pork and lard closed
5c lower, and May rios a shade lower.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT-February, 651/3 C; May, 67}4c; Jnly,
67vgc.
, CORN— February, 29c: May. 3934 c: .Toly, 315'gc.
! OATS— February. 20c: May, 21' c; July,
21 1/4 (a,'.' 13,'gc
PORK— Mar. 99 62i/ 2 ; July, $9 80.
LARD— May. $5 37%: July, ?5 52^.
Rlßs— May, $5 07y 2 ; July, $5 15.
Livestock.
j UNION STOCKYARDS. li.r.. Feb. Choice
: lots of cattle were scarce and stronger to-day. The
j general demand was good and the feeling steady.
Hogs were weak and 5c lower. Offerings were
liberal and a fair business was transacted. The
sheep market was steady. Receipts were moder
ate and a fair demand was noted.
OATTLE— Keceinis, 5000. Fancy beeves, $4 30
(S4 35; choice to prime, 1300 to 1750 ponnd steers.
S4-S»4'J5: good to choice steers, 1200 to 1600
pounds. $3 70@3 95; medium steers, 1150 to 1300
pounds, Z'A 5P&3 65: common steers, 950 to 1200
pounds, $3 25&3 45: calves, common to good, "S3
@5.
HOGS— Receipts, 22,000. Heavy packing ana !
shipping lots. $3 7l>r<s4: common to choice
mixed. $:•* ,80(04: choice assorted. $3 90@4;
light. ?3 75@4: i»i-s, $3 40@3 90. : , •
SHKEP— Receipts. SOUO. Inferior to choice,
$2 50&3 50; lamDs, $3 50@4 40.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YiiRK. X. V., Feb. 28.-R. «. Dun <fe Co.
wl!l say to-morrow in their weekly review of traae:
Failures in three weeks of February show liabiii-
I ties of 510.889.936, against 523,028 -last year
and $11,420,418 in 1894. Failures for the week
have been 278 in the United States, against 250 last
year, and 58 In Canada; against HS last year.
In some quarters there are gains at the W>st
rather than at the East, but there is no general
change for the better, although hopefulness still
predominates. Foreign affairs grow more pacific;
j the DUblic turns- more resolutely toward sound
j money. but the want of suliieient demand for the
I products of great industries still retasds actual iin-
I provement.
There are strikes of some Importance In gar
ment-making and kindred lines of the manufac
turing trade In Chicago and Baltimore, but there
. arc fewer labor difficulties than usual, as existing
I conditions warn wage-earners that controversies at
i this time are unwise. The speculative markets
: show little life. The volume of business does
; not improve. Kxchanges through the principal
■ clearing-houses show 19.7 per cent gain over last
: year, but the month's comparison with 1893 is the
! only instructive one. and shows a decrease of 20.7 |
I for. February. - Railroad earnings for the third
; week of February exceed last year's 5.7 percent,
1 and for February thus tar have been 11.08 per
j cent greater than last year's.
Stock speculation nas been Irregular, and Cuban !
war. talk on Friday caused h break in railroad j
! stocks averaging 63 points. Disappointing indus
i trial statement together with the general break,
I lowered the trusts $1 48.
Wheat has taken a flight upward, advancing %c
; for casii and 23/ 8 c for May, with rumors of foreign
; supplies as the only basis. Estimates of wheat in
, farmers' hands are lower than last year, but still
Indicate, with visible stocks, a supply that is be
yond probable needs. Cotton has been weaker,
with only fair receipts, thp Important decline in
. Great Britain having much influence. The price
; of middling uplands "has declined a sixteenth, and
I pr.-paratiou for a large increase of acreage Is still
I reported. . ; ■ ...
j The market for textile goods is disappointing.
; Material reductions in cottons have not brought
• out the needed demand, and a further decliDo in
■ Lawrence L. L. Brown sheetings this week of 4y 8 c
! corresponds with reports that mills of some i'm
.ponance may' prefer to arrest production for a
i time until the demand improves. Woolen-mills
I are receiving considerable orders . for spring goods,
j but business for the future does not mend, clay
J worsteds are again a shade, lower. The range for
all woolens Is scarcely 1 per cent higher than a
rear ago, although wool is more than 7 per cent
higher, and a tood many mills are closing or re
ducing time. The feature in the iron market has
been the large demand ior wrought and c»st >>ipe.
Large orders for structural work are received at
Chicago aud executed at the Eust, as building
plam are unusually large, but sheets sell slowly
and mils very little, though bar is fairly active,
; with mauv orders- coming for cars. Iron quota
j tions average 2 per cent lower for the weeK be
cause of the drop In bessemer at Pittsburg to
•12 60 and in gray forge to $10 75. The demand
for boots and shoes : tains very little. Kxnorls of
domestic products from New York for three weeks
Show a gain of 10 per ceut over last year, while
imports In the same time scarcely increase. But
export bills are diminishing rapidly at this season, j
while larger ini| orts naturally conic in succeeding
months a:id many security bills have to met in
the near future. It Is therefore believed by many
that gold exports are not far off. .
BANK ', CLEAKINGS. ; !
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 28.-Bank clearings
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
February 27, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
r.iltdstreet'.s:
- - Percentage
• enraa. . -J. • Amount. ' inc. Dec. ■>
NewYorfc $531,124,752 30 1
Boston.., .- 74,545,337 16.6
V»i!'« aK V-'—- • 73,317,954 2.3 ......
Ihilitdelphiu -. b7,r>H2.w&4 ...... 10.8
ft- L0ui5.....:... iy,978,88l 0.5 ......
Pittsburg.... H5,P83,934 25.6
Cincinnati 11.24V200 3.7 .;....
8a1tim0re....... 11.8t7.727 25.1
San raijolnco • H>,s»:vj,xio 5.8 :.....
Kansas City.'...;. ...... 8.031.C53 ii.7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1896.
INw Orleans... 10,590,876 65.5 .....'.
liOuisville 4,1111. ...... 5.1
I Detroit -. 4.6^9.912 : .:.... 18.4
i Minneapolis... 8.b00.092 4.6
j Cleveland. 6,613,438 11.7
I Providence f>.'_'s'.!.Boo 1.1
1 MilwauKee.... 4,242.477 15.5
Indianapolis 3.085,088 2.8
KuiTulo ' 3,923,160 20.2
I St. Path ■ 3.3::6.5:-i2  18.8
Omuha 3.553.420 14.8
" Denver 2,187,310 3.3 ;.....
i.< is Angeles... 984,530 11.1 ......
l'orti.ind. Or 880,350 ' 7.5
I Tacoma • 689,3118 14.3
Seattle 387.759
! Spokane... 405,96t5 33.0 ......
j Totals V. S $913,622,163 18.5
j Outside of New York
j City 582.497.713 6.3
DOMINION OF fANAII*.
! Montreal $8,423,149 1.1
! Toronto 7,0t>7,454 61.5 ......
' Halifax... 884.053 ...... 8.2
Winnipee 992,544 50.5
Jlamutou .. 609,760 28.4
Totals $17,976,990 15.4
*
NEW \OIIH. .51OCKS.
' l>onds> Exchange, Moncyanil Railroad
Shares.
Monpv on call hns been easy at 3&3Vfc¥: last
loan at 3%, and closing offered at 3,£. Pr.ine mer
cantile paper, 6(g,7?,;. Bar silver, GBc. Mexican dol
lars. &4i4<855i4c. "sterling exchance sternly, with ;
nctnal tiusiness In nanKers' bills at *4 Btiy @4 86% i
for sixty days ana #4 873,i@4 P8 for demand.
•Posted rat"". $4 87(g,4 SBV2. Commercial bills,
84 hs^i«^4 86' 4. Government bonds lower; State .
bonds dull; raiutjau bor.Ua easier., Silver at the
board was weaker. * 'v.'";
IJ.OPINO «TOCK«I.
Am Tel & Cable.... 91 [S orfolk A Wes" . 2%
Atchlson_ ibVi Preferred...' 8
Preferred "25V* .North American... B3 /s .
Adams iixpress...l4B Northern Pacitio.. "*Vi '
Alton. Terre Haute. 58 ' Preferred Jos* ;
American Express.lll Nortnwestern ly-fTi
American Tobacco. 78" g Preferred I*s
preferred lOlVajN. Y. Central »f»
Bay State 18Vi N. Y. Chicajjo&3.L 13
Baltimore <S Ohio.. 27 1 /*! 3st preferred '%
JirunswicK I-ands.. V 2d preferred '-»
Buffalo, Roch l«Va S. Y. N. H 1»4
Canada Pacific... 06 ,N. Y.&New Eng. *0
Canada Southern.. i>oV 2 .N. Y. Susq A W... BS4
Canton Land W)7.' 8 j Preferred 27
Central Pacltlo.... IS Ontario 1-
Cbes. Ohio. l'ls/a Ontario & Western. J5
Chicago Alton 135 OreKon Improvmb. -
PreJerrea.. 170 ' Preferred — —
Chicago, iJ. & — '"'i Oregon Navigation. 1 >,a
Chicago <te E. 111... 43 Orecon Short Lme. H
Preferred......... ff( Pacific 2H
Cbicagouas ....... B7ii J'eo'na. D.ifc Kvans. 3'/»
Cleve Putsbursr.ltO Pittsburg W pfd. -<J
Consolidation Coal. 80 Pullman Palace... 15H
Consolidated Uaa..lf>t> Quicksilver 1% 1
C. C. C. «fc Su Louis. i-.B'.i Preferred l >',a
Preferreu SBV2 HeuuiUK '" l .s.
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 31 Va RloGrande&Westa '•■■>
Preferred i 6 1 Preferred.: 42
Cotton Oil Cert lt» IRock Islana 72
Commercial Cable. 153 iiomeWat &Ogdßnlls
Del. Hudson l'Jti 1 fct. L. it b. W 4% <
Del.Lack&WesternlbO ■ Preferred i' 1 ' 1 I
Denver<stK.G 131;. Ei. Paul 763/ 8
; Preierred -BV+I Preferred l'J9
I'ietlllers I7s> Kt. I'aul Js DuluUl. 2ij
General Electric... H0< 4 j Preferred 88
trie 1 5 'VSt. Puul & Omaha. 40%
•'referred W/., Preferred 1-3
Fort \\ avne 162 "jtt. P. M.. & M 10-1
GreatNorthernDfa.llo iSllver Certincat-s.. 6514 ■
Green .bay Vj southern Pacltic. i 8
Harlem 28 foutnern K. X.:... st% 1
Hocklne Coat <>Va Preferred. 31
Hocking Valley... l«y« fcugar Rerinery....ll47<B ,
Homestake 30 ~ Preferred 100
H.«fc Texas Cent-. IVi Term. Coal <fc Iron. SO%
Illinois central 96 1 Preferred 100
lowaCentrai 9 |Texas Pacific 814
Preferred 35 01.A.A.A X.Jiicn.
Kansas ot Texas.. i~V' 2 101. & Ohio cen . 0
Preferred '-*''■; Preferrea 65
Kinirston >V l'eru... 3 ! I oi.Si.l^ouisit K.U. if .
Lake Erie & Wesin iiu%' Preferred 10
Preferred 7Si, Union Pacific 7%
Lbk<? Shore 14t>i 2 . P.. Den. «fc Oult, 4i 2 !
Manonai l.eaU 2l3i< L .S. Cordage .- 63/ g
i'referred 84:vJ. Preferred......... lt>y 4
I.ollc1 .011 c Island 81v, Guaranteed....... "21y 3
Louisville A Nash. 523/ g U. fc>. Express 4M
Louisville Ch. 9 v« U. 6. Leather ; 9i/
Preferred... -3 I'referred 6 < 4 .
Manhattan Consoi. 1 U. 8. Rubber ...... a7i/ :
Mempois * Charts. IS \ Preferred K5 • j
Mexican Central... 1. Uiica B. River. .lsl
JJichigan Central.. 96 i Wab. S. L. <t Pao.. 7
llinn L. 1 Preferred „ lMi/s
Preferred — Wells-Farco 9ii
lllnn. & St, Lcom. -0v Western Union.... 84i/ 8
lstpreferred 80 i\V is Central 35.1
2d preferred f 0 . IWht-eltng & L. E.. 11
Missouri Pacific.. 23V'g' Preferred. 37%
Mobile & Ohio '22 <Am Cotton Ull pfd. t»l
Nashville Chaw.... 70 \V U Beet. 9
National LlnaeeJ.. 16 L I Traction- ......
N.J. Central lot* Arbor 10V
<n- ■ ■-« Boxrm.
UP 4s. rec... 109i^'.\l KT2ds... . . 60t/«
I)o, 4s conpon . . . iv ' j Do, 45. .. " 86 1
V S4snewreg. 117 Mutual Urilon 85... 115
Do, 4s coupon. ..117 N j Cent Gen 65.. li«
I>c 25.... 95 Northern Pac Ist*. 117
IK>, 65.. ..."..1131.4 Do, 2ds HlVi
Do. 6s coupon ll« 1 Do, oCa " ytt
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 100 Nortii west' Consols- 1391/,
D 0.1897 100 Do, deb ss» 110
Do. 189H 100 OR A X Ists. "llw
Do. 1839 1.0 cfclronMtOenss 79
racinc6sof'9s.... St LA SF Gi-n 68.157
I). C. 8-6 5s 110 (M Paul Consols ...138
Ala Class A 4 108 t>t. P. C. APR lsts.H6U.
Do, Class B 1. ss. 1 08 Do. Pac Cal ists.. 110
LaC0n50145........ 98V4 Southern K. R. Bs. 92
Nißuourl funding..— exas Pacltic first* 88/2
X Carolina con 65.. I'JJ Tfxas Pacseconas. -j^i/.
■Do, 4s 1041/2 UnionPaclstof9B.lo^V4
Fo Carolina 4V 2 5...10tJ5 / West Shore 4s. ..lot!
aennnew3s sti Mobile A Ohio 45.. 68V4
V« funding debt... 61%-u GranaeWest lsta 77i/
1;°. reß Ches A O 10S
Lo. deferred 65... * Atchlson 4s 7><ia
Do. trust rcpts at 6>, | Do. 2ds A._ 2«i»
Canada South -.'ds.. lO6T v H4SA 6s 105
ten Pac Ists of '9s 101 I Do. 2d 7s. lou
Den A R G Ist 118 2 H A Tex Cen't'6i* .110
F^%« s -.. * 9 I Do.eon6s 108
trie2ds.- ,3 Readin? 4s 78Va'
tamias Pa Consols 73 Missouri tis 100
KsPalbta DendivlOS |
iOKEIIiA MAKRKT-i.
'■ — . -■■•■•
WHEAT IV UVESprKIL.
LIVERPOOL, Kno., Feb. 28.-ihesnot market
is steady Bt 5s Bi;>d(§,Ss 9i/2d. Cargoes are dull at
28s lVad arrived.
X UIUHEB.
The Produce Exchcnjce cable pives the following
Liverpool quotations lor So. 'i Red Winter- Fel>
nmrr, 5s 8,1; March. 5s 8y 4 d; April, 5s 8 V 2 d-
May, 5s 9d; June, 5s 9d.
BK<TRITIES.
LONDON, Kxa, Feb. 28.-Consols, 108 15-16
--silver, 31V 8 d; French Kentes, ,
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — $4 8634
Sterling Excnange, sight % , m _ 48H
sterling Cables...... _ 48814
New York Exchange, sight ....'.'.'.'. — Par
N.ew York Exchange, telegraphic. — ' Par
Fine Silver, jounce...... •. — t>B
Mfcjleu.ll Dollars. . ....;.. .. 55Va 66
PKODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND -OTHJEI! GRAINS.
WHEiAT— The Falls of Aftoa takes for Brisbane
64,734 ctls, valued at 871,207.
The market as firm and futures advanced in
sympathy with Chicago and Liverpool. Business
was quiet, however. No. 1, $112y ; choice,
$1 1334: lower grades, $1 05@l 10; extra choice
for milling, $1 20@l 27y a <t* ctl. "
. ' CALL BOARD SALES.
Inform-ai. fusion —in o'clock— Dacember- 500
tODs, $1 36: 200, Rl l&s/.; 200, $1 151,4; 100
$1 147/s- May-300,5l 15; 100. $1 147/ 8 . '
Regular .Morki.no Bession— May-100 tons
«1 14- 4 ; 200. $1 14 7/,; 300, $1 16: 200. $1 Vol.*
December— 2oo, $1 16. . • • , " ■
Aftkrn-oon Sebsiox — December — ICO tons,
l\ Jt^oWlVv^. 1 600> 14 -'»• May-*OO
-. BARLEY— advanced." Spot grain showed
no change. Feed, ■ 67V 2 fdi7Oc ft ell ; choice, Tli/iffi
72y0 : Brewing, 75@82y 3 c. /4W
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 10 o'clock— May— 3oo tons. •
7414 c: 100, 74c. *
•tuoi'UK MoRKiNe Skssion— May— 100 tons
741/8^! 100, 741,4 c.
Aftkrnoon skssiok— May— 4oo tons, 74Vic;
300, 74*/$. - * ■.-.'-.
■ OATS— It is impossible to se'l any quantity.
Milling. 75@80c ~& ctl; fancy Feed, .77i/s©«oc f>
ctl; good to choice. 70(&75c; ■common to fair, 60
©65c; Gray, 67y 2 @75c; Red, for seed, 85c@$l 05:
Black, 65c@$l lu;Siirprlse,9o@9sc.
CORN— -Neglected and in overstock. Large Yel
low, 87y 2 @9o<:; small Round do, Ds@97U.c-
White, bU@B2y c '# ctl. <a»«v2>-.
ItVK-B«?g,S'J',,c $ ctl.
BUOKWHEAT-Qiioted at Sl@l 25 f» ctl.
FLOUR ANIiJIIUSTUFrs.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 9054 i» bb' . takers' extras, $3 So@3 90; su
perfine, $2 75(§,2 85 -$ bbl. • , . •
CORNJIEAL. ETC.— Feed. Corn, *20 60@21;
Cracked orn, «21@21 60 1? ton.
.MII.L.STLFKS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
28/ici'Kye Flour, 314 c: Rice Flour. 7y c; Corn
mval, 2»4@3c; extra cream do, l / a c: oatmeal,
834 c: Oat Groats. 4y c: Hominy, 4(ai4i4c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, J»oc: Farina.
4y 2 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled 4y 2 c;
Pe*rl Barley, 4y c; fciplU Peas, 43/ic; Greeu uo,
5^C p lb. ■
HAY AND I'KKOSTUFFS.
BRAN- 60 "# ton, Jobbing rates. . :''
MII)])UXOs-sih@l7 for loner grades and $1R
@1» > ton for the best.- . ■■■■ .■• :. •
Ki:i:D!-.'n:Kl- S—uollod Barley, *16(a>17 fl ton:
Oilcake Menl at, tlie mill, $21 %i to"n: iobblnz
*21 60: Cottonseed Oilcake, 821. • " . *
H.*Y— Steady and unchnnged. .Wheat, $B@l2-
Ont, $B@9%^ ton; Wheat and O&t,S8@ll ft ion;
Barley, $l(i£9: Alfalfa, $7(gi9; Clover., *6@B 50;
Compressed, $7ffl»10 50; Stock, *6®7 '*> ton.
bTKAW— 3s(g,tioc V bale. ■
KEANS ANI>, SEED
'. BEANS— dullness prevai3. Quotations
are more ror less nominal. -Bayos," $1<&1 10 t*
Ctl: Small r Uhitfs. $1 M£l 50 IP ctl; Pea, 40
@1 fO V ctl ;. Lhi-sp Whites, vsllo@l 20; i'lnk,
90c@91ilO; Reds,sl 30@l 60: Bla'ckeye, nominal;
Hed Kidney.: 81 £o@l 65; ; Limas, Si! ii6@2 65;
Hutters. $1 50@l OB %V ctl. : •
SJiEDS-Biown Alust»rU, $1 95@2 05: Trieste,
f2@2 KO? eti- Yellow Mustard. 40@l 60:
I'lax. $1 70@l 7fi : Canary, 3y @3%c * lb: Alfal
fa. s(if.7c %* ib; Rape, l»i(s;2c r «* lb: Hemp, 4c f* Ib.
DRIED PEAS-S1 25®!. 40 * ctl for Mies and
91 25@1 45 for Green. i
potatoes <757u>*s Vegetables.
POTATOER-New potatoes, 3c f» Ib. | Stockton
Sweets are quotable at ■ $I@l 50 9 ctll.Mer-"
ced Sweets, $1 75(gT2 25 ctl: Sallna3 Burbanks,
60@S«c i* ctl; Kiver BuHxinks, SO®33c "j* sack:
Oregon .Burbanks, 40@G0c; Orecon Game. ChKcs.
60@70c; Kiver Reds, 60(£60c %*ctl; Early Rose,
40(a,50c: Petalumas and Tomales, 36@40c. -
unions— -I'll., tendency in downward. Good to
choice. 60005 c V ctl; Cut Unions, 25©40 c; Ore
gon. 75(jn,9T)c th ctl. '•
VEUfcTABLES— Arrivals were 274 boxes Aspar
agus and 494 boxes Rhubarb and 79 sacks Peas.
Asparaeuswaa steady, but Rhubarb was much
lower under the heavy receipts. Other descip
t:ons were not materially channd.
ts? Plant, I*>ivdlsc*«* tb: Mexlctin Tomatoes,
*1 tOal 75 y box- Ciirumbrrs, 75cf<«$l 50 %♦ doz:
Asparagus, £(g,7c iS Ib for ordinary and B(£loc,for
choice: Rhubarb, POcfe?! V box; Mushroom 1 !. 15@
25c r tb; Drl.-d Peppers, 8^1Oc; Green Peppers.
— r- "ii lb; Los Angeles Toitatoes, 76c@.$l 25 Vi bx:
Gr«en l"cas. 2 v a4<- >' It for I.os An)fei<'H«nd 5@60
for Bar; string Beans. BftnlOc.H tt»: Dried i>kra.
12% c; Cabbage, <Uo6Oe r ctl; Garlic, 4®sc «i lb;
Marrowfat Squash, JF3U@3f> ton. .
BUTTER, CHKJESK ANf> EG<*3.
Bt'TTER— Prices are ROing down with a run.
Several dealers who are heavily stocked are shad
: ing the quotations.
I ■ crkamury— Fancy, 22@24c; seconds, 20@21c
; 1^ rb.
Dairy— Fancy. 21c fl 11>; good to choice, 19®
20c; lower /trades, 18@18'/ c.
KAsrKRs- Ladle-packed, 14®18c lb. .
CHEESK— Sieady and unchanged. Fancy mild
I new. 12@13c >* lb: common 10 good, 10@llc %» lb;
: Cream Cheddar, 12(o)13c y lt»: Younsr America, 11!
! 'S»l3c; Western, lay,@l3c; Eastern. 13(g;14c.
liiiGS— The markei is excessively dull and would
be badly demoralized were not some dealers pat
; time lar^p linps into co a storage. btore Eggs, 10c;
, ranch Kggs, ll@ii!%c 9 dozen. •. ■-' • ;■ ? '• ;:■■>
rOI'ITKV AM) GAME.
POI'LTRV— A car of Eastern is announced for
; Monday. Turkeys have advanced. Old Roosters
i are less demoralized. Young stock Is firm.
Live Turkeys, 11(d,13e for Gobblers and 13@14c
V lb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. 15(ai7c: (leese
! pair. SI 50®2: Ducks. .$4 60pfor old and ipH
«i 7 for youns: Hens, f 3 6004 50 f, doz: Hoosters,
l young, *6rdi7: do, old, $3 50@4: Fryers, .$5 50
Cat>: Broilers, fl 50@5 for l«r(re and *3 50(^,4 for
small; PlMwna. $2 •ls(a'2 50 V doz foryoviugand
$1 7603 for old.
GAMK— (3ray <:oese. $1 r >o: White Geese. 50c;
Brant. 75c@$l: Iloukers. $'.'@3; Hare, f>OC«7sc:
Rabbits, $I@J. 25 for Cottontails and 75c doz tor
small. . . •
DECIDUOUS ANIi CITRUS FRUITS.
REUHIKS— Tlip first Strawberries of the season
arrived from Pnlo Alto and sold at 90c ",S Ib. There
were 16 baskets, which was a large lot for the lirst
shipment.
I'Pl.KS— Bsc@?l •$ box for uood to choice, 50
@75c fonommon 10 biiranu 51 25@1 50 mr fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS- Oranges are In lighter receipt
and firmer, as prices have been advanced In South
ern California. There is no advance herr-, however.
Oranges, 60c@$l for Seedlings and $1 50@2 50 for
Navels; frozen stock- poes down to nothing; Lem
ons, $l(gil 50 for common and S2©'i 76 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes. $s@!.'> 60 fi box: Ha
nanas, $1 25(0(2 60 %i bunch; Pineapples, $2(<£s
V dO76P •'
IJKIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NCTB, ETC.
DHIFD FKUITS-The market is as flat as a
pancake.
The following prices rule on the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, "y<>@3c 't< ff> for. quar
tered, 3(eC3l/ 2 c "ja lb for sliced and. 414 c i» Ib for
evaporaiea; leaches, 3i/ij@4c t>, tb and /2 @60
for fancy; peeled In boxes. 12c; Apricots, 7Va@
BVOC for prime to choice. $)%c f'-.r fancy and H«g»
llcflbior fancy Moorpart: Fi^s, blacK. 2y,0
for unpressed: White Pigs, 4@sc in sacks; Pear's,
7c V- rb for evaporated halves. 4<26VsC "f. lb for
• quarters; Prunes- 8*494 c: Plums, 4<- V* lb for pit
led and ly 2 @i;y 2 c for^unpitted; Nectarines, 6(g)6e
%*. Ib for prime 10 choice and 6yjC for fancy.
Jobbing Pbh-ki— Apples. 4@}4%c: Peaches. 3®
4c and 5c for fancy ; peeled, in 'boxes, 10@l'2i/ 3 c;
Prunes; 4c for the four sUes. 6c f» It) for 40(a50's
and 6c for 6y<g,t>o's; Apricots. 6(0.9' lor prime to
cboice and lu(dUlc lor fancy iloorpark: Fiat, |
black. •_'i4(<s2'| c: \Vhit>- Figs. 3@sc; Pears. 6%c !
tor evaporated halves and 300^0 for quarter.i; j
Plums. 3y 2 (gi4c lor pitted iind l@lV c ior un- j
1 pitted: Nectarines. 4(<tsc v* lb for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED APES— Prices are
, follows, c carload lot«. f. o. b. San Francisco: Lon.
don layers, B6@9Uc f 1 box; four-crown, loose, /^c
1 %^ Ib: three-crown, loo>(e, 214 c fl Ib; two-crown,
\:c: seedless Sultanas, 33i@4c: seedless Muscatels,
2 1 . 2 (B''-' l '*c: three-crown i.ondon layers. 70c: clus
ters, $1 35@1 50; Dehesa clusters. «2 10@2 2&;
Imperial clusters, $2 60<$2 75; Dried Orapes, 2i/ 2 o
%t »..
•loHßisn Prices — Four-crown loose. 3c: 3
crown, 2i/t@2V c: 2-crown, l%@ria; Seedless Sui-
Ituins. 334<3i4c:Seedl<-KS Muacatala, V%c; 3-crown
i London layers. 85cwfl; clusters, *1 40@l 60;
Dejiesa clusters, $2 25; imperial clusters, $_' 75; ;
! Dried ({rapes, 2!/yC. " -. . -.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6@Bc i»!b; Walnuts. 7(ffißc !
fi tt. for No. 1 hard and 9(^gy a for softshell, Job-
I blnß lots: AliuoiuN, 6^u7y c lor LanK'iedoc and
: 2 @loc for paper-sliet!, jobbing; l'oanuts, sffl/Bc
! for Kastern ai d 3%@4y 3 c for California; Hickory
I Nuts, s@6c; Pecans, 6c tor rough and 8c for'pol
ished; Filberts, S(a9c; Hrnzil Nuts, 7y.@Bc W tb;
: Cocoannts. $4 50@5 t« 100.
HON B —Com b la quotable at 10©12 c ¥ ib
[ for briKhi anil B@9c ?, Iti for lower grades; wator
; white extraciod, s@jy c '£, "'• light amber ex*
; tracted, 4Vi&43,ic; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2(^,3c •
BEESWAX-24@27c 9 lb.
ritovisioxs.
CTTRKD MF.ATS-Hams, Pncon and Lard con
tinue firm. Bacon, quotable at «V 2 c for heavy, 7 VsC
%* lb for licht medium, 9y 2 « Vlb for Hchu 10i c
for extra light and \'l l /-*<: f or sugar-cure<l ; Eastern
Sncnr-curea Mams, lli/ 2 (ai2c: California Hams,
10 A®llc; Itea Heef, $8 %* bbl; extra mess no,
*H 50; fnmily do. ?10: extra prime Pork, $l» bbl;
extra ciear. Hi $ bbl; mess. $1-1 %* bbl; Smoked
8.-ef, 10<tH0y 2 c f«. tti.
LAP.D— Ka'suTii, tierces. is quotable at 6Vic
lb for compuuim and 8c for pure; palls, BV^c; Cali-.
fornia tierces. 6c for compound and 6V c for.pure;
half-bbls, 6S,i c: 10-tb tins, 7i-c; do 61b, 734 c %*. lb.
.■COTTOLENK— 7V*c in tierces and be 'f, lb iv 10
--lb tins. . ••/-• ■-.;
HIDES, TAILOW, WOOIi AND HOPS.
HIDES ANn SKINS — Quotations have not
changed for a long time. Heavy salted steers, 7c
%» tt>: cuils and brands. (Jc T* ib; medium, tsc: culls
and brands. sc; lichl, sc; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
hides, o@6V2c: culls and brands, 4(^4Vac; salted
Kid. uc 0 Ib; salted Calf. 8c ¥ 1b: salted veal,
6o: ory Hides,- lOCdlllc; culls and brands. 7C<*7Vsc;
dry Klo and Veal. 9c: culls. 6Vj@"c; dry Calf,
16c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20®35c each: K!ds, sc;
Deerskins. Rood summer, 26£300; medium • J 6(£
25c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlinzs, • lOfd
15CS?*": S !;ort wool, "<lfg>3sc each; medium, 40
@50c each: long wool, 65c eacn. Culls of all kinds
about V.>c less.
TALLOW-No. 1. rendered, 3V'-»@4c; No. 2. 3c;
refined. sVi'*S%c; (Jrease, 'JVs^ t< lt>. -'••• '-':■..
\Vu()l,-AsM)iiPi.'nts are too liin ted ' for «ny
business. We 'ii:ote Kail as follows: Kasteni Ore-
Kon. 9@llc || It,; San Joaquiuand bouthera. 3@60;
Nevada, 9c '?, lb.
. HOPS— Nominal Quotations of 'JVaWSc represent
the market. Buyers do not bid over y e, but do
not secure any at this ruinous figure. -
(iKNKUAL MKBCUANDISK.
— Calciitta Orain Bugs, June-July delivery,
*4 12i/ 2 Mi,; San Quentin, f4 i'O; Wool Bags,
v;4@26c. ■ . -
COAL— Harrison's circular sayß: "During Die
week there have been seven arrivals from Coast
collieries wltt> 12,720 tons Of Coal, ami 1618 tons
from Australia. In the pas; "Jo • days there have
been bin two foreign carsroes < ome to hand, viz: K.
lta^glo and Krnpire from Newcastle, N. K. \V\,
with 46VJ8 tons; hence tin- stocks on hand of .Eng
lish and Australian an.- being gradually aimin-
Ishfd. There are fully due from Australia about
15,000 tons which shov.ld arrive within the next
ten days, and there are in ail over 150,000 tons
capacity encase 1 to transport Coal irom Newcastle
and Sydney; sonic of this will not load for several
mouths. .Freight rates- from thiu section arc
steadily maintained with a tendency toward an ad
vance, as ; the Inducements : for groin carriers to
seek this port the coming | season aro not very en
couragins. Coal freights from Swansea arid Cardiff
are now quoted at 15s y. ton ; this shevs a steady
advance, and means higher figures for Coal ship
ments; the market lieie already shows an im
provement. Jobbers and retailers nru complaining
of dull business, as consumption Is lljht and com
petition very keen to secure orders from steam
consumers, cutting profits very line. Intimations
have been recently cabled that If Australian Coals
are not advnnced, so as to enable the proprietors
to pay better wages," there is every likelihood of
lalor troubles In the near future." Wellington, $8;
New Wellington, $8: isouthneld Wellington. $7 50
* iva: Seattle, r i(jas 60; RrvHiit, S5 r>o: Coos Bay:
$4 BO; Wallsend. .fliSO: Scotch, $7 50: ISrvinoo,'
«7 60: Cumberlßiid, $13 50 in bulk nnd *15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite En, Sl3; Weigh An
thracite Kite, : Cannel.sß; Kock Springs. Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, 10 50 in
bulk and $12 5u • ton in sacks. ; '•'. '-■ '
lUCE-Chinese mixed. JjCJ i!5<S3 45: Ko. 1, $3 55
«|3 75 oil; extra No. 1, ¥3 90@4 30; Hawaiian.
9A 60; Japan, $3 65@4 12V : Rangoon, $3 10
t^ Ctl. ' . -i> }:..•■. j.- J *-j
■ isUOAR— The Western Sugar Rerinery Comnanv
quotes, lerms, net cash: Cube, Crnsheo, Powdered
and Fine Crushed nil 6c; Dry Grnnulated, 53/ 8 c:
Confectioners' A, sV*c;Wlttsnoua A. 4%c: Kxtra
C, 4r..-. c; (iolden C, 4Vic; ■ half-barrels, . Vi° ■ mor«»
than barrels, and boxes Voc more. ' •
r ts\ KUP—Uolden, In bbis, 15c; Blact • Strap, 10c
t»gal. : . . _ ■ ... .-. . • ■-
RECEIPTS OF INTKIUOB PRODUCE.
' FOR Ji4 HOORS. , .;."■.:
Flonr. qr. «fcs....llß.6Bl|l'elts.bdls.... .' 416
Wheat, ctls 8'2, (566 Wln», gals. 124, 500
Barley. ctu...... 19.7H4 Hutter. ct15... .....i 189
Oats, cti5. .......... 275iCheese. ci 15. .:.....': : 87
.'■ 0reg0n........;.. 400JKggs. d0z.... ..:.;: : 7,470
Beans, sks. ;. Quicksilver, lltiu lo.'i
Potatoes. Bfc». 2,sJ)BLirae, bb15... „....., i!:sl
Onion*, nics 494 Leather. r0U5........ :-> 4.1'
Corn. Nebrska.ctls • BOI) Woo!, bi5...... .... .39
Hr«n, nn 5 ... 983 Hops. bi5.....::... ..■:■ 2K
-Middlins:«i, sics..... V4s!Tallonr.eils:;.'..'...'v >nH
Haj-. tons. % , Chicory, bbis ..."., '27
Straw, t0n5.... .... 24 Powder, case*..... ttOO
Hides, n0...,-; 1.1311 V;- ■■'.." ' .'i ;
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT '■ ' MARKET. •
." Hpgs are firm and in moderate supply; ). Beef,
Mutton and I«ainb are unchanged. Wholesale rates'
for dressed stock from Flaiißhterers areas follows:
.. BKi-.K— First quality. -. ">i:,c; second quality,
4V @sc; third do. MV 2 ®4c fi tb. ■
V AL— I .arge. s@bc"; small. 6®7c IS lb. ''•■:
;. MUTTON— Wethers. 6®6V 2 c; Kwes, 6c fi Ib.
■% LAMB— Spring Lamb, 10c; yearlings, 7@Bc Tpi Tb.
POKK— Live Hogs, 414 c for large and 4i,4@13/ 8 c
for small: dressed do, s(o;tiVic lb. •
FAMILY KETAII, MARKET.
Buttar and Krks are still cheaper and the latter
are extremely plentiful. Cheese is unchanged.'
Meats are quoted at last week's prices, except
Lamb, which is cheaper. Turkeys and young fowl
are dearer.
Almost all Summer Vegetables arc cheaper,
supplies being lareer. The first Strawberries of the
season have appeared. Oranges continue cheap. j
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
■ . COAL— pkb ton.;. •'
<(a'«ncl — @10 00 . PleasantVal 9 50@10 DO
Wellington. -<s>lo 00 Somhfiem
New Wei- \V r elliii 3 t 0 n — @ 950
■ lington -@10 00 Scotch..?...' —'a 950
Seattle...... 7 00@ 7 0 Coos Bay... 650 —
Castle Gate. 9 sO®lo 00
DAIRY PRODUCE, ETC.
Butter, fancy, V I Cheese, Kastern. . 15(320
square 50f0i55 1 Cheese, Swiss... 20fdi30
110, ip roll 50Cai — |ConiraonKj;es..l2W9 —
do. choice 45(0.— Ranch t;ngsl'dz..,ls(iCl7
Ordinary ao 40® — Iloney.comb, [<tb. 12®15
Cheese, Ca1...,....16®1 7 j do, extracted.... B©ia
MKATS— PKR PnO.N'P.
Bacon 10@17 ! l'ork, frr- s li.. 12©15
Beof, choice 12(o;15 l'ork, salt '.'.'. '.'.l'2(<i\R
; <lo, good.. B<g>lo Pork Chopa 12ii15
; Corned Beef 89 -r I Round Steak.:.' .}. SoilO
Ham, Cai i:v>.is Sirloin Steak... 12V»(m —
do, Kastern 15(5; — Porterhouse, d 0... 17&2O
Lard 12(0,15 Smoked Beef — (g>l6
Mutton ICSI'2 Pork Sausages. . . -®20
Lamb 12@15 i Veal.. 10(il6
Spring Lamb. 15® — |
POULTRY ANT) GAME.
Hens,each 60® 60 Turkeys, <?, Ib.. 17® 20
Young Hoost- (Ducks, each... 75(d> 8b
ers, each. bs@ 85'(ieese, pach....l 50@l 75
Old Roosters, iPigeons, » pr.. 60® 65
• each.... 40® 50 Habbits, t* pr.. «5@ 40
Fryers, each... Bo@ BMiarc, each..... Isfd> 20
Broilers, each.. 40® 50 Wild Geese, ea 2l)@ 25
KRUITS AND NUTS.
Almonds, 19 tt> 12@15;MmPs, f) doz 10(3115
Apples, «*lb B(a» 6iOranges, %>. d0z...,10®25
Bananas, doz...ls®2o!Pears, =jji lb -(<£lo
(ocoanuts, each...lO(a;l2jKaisins, t* It. 5(0j15
Cranberries, > qt..lO@lV|str«wberries. bsktSCKai —
Xemorts, %i doz — Walnuts, %i lb 15® —
.VKHKTABLIS.
Asparagus. 1b... Musiirooms, T» 1b..26@35
Artlcholtea,Vdoa..Bo@MHMr'f»( .Squash,^ lb sig» —
Btfts, r 1 do/. 12@15!Onions, 'f, Ib 2(5) 3
Beans, white "rMh.2 W<u 5 IVppers, Kreen,*#lb -te-.'O
olored. '& 1b... 21/2® 5 l'ar.snips, "0 00z....!5@20
Lima. "0 1b....... 4® 6 Potatoes, t». 1b..... 2foi 3
Cabbuge.each s(gilO do, Sweet. #. lb.. 4i'oi 5
utilifiowc -ra, each, btai 81Uiubarb, y 1b... . tttotlO
Celery, ? bunch... sfoi — Kadfshes.'Sdzbcns.l i
Cress. dz banchs.SMm2fi Sage, f 1 lb 25^,35
C.ttrlic, i* 1b....:... 6gt. 8 Siring JJeans, ft.. 1 .Vrit —
Green Peas, 11 Ib.. 6(» B Thyme, f lb 20@30
Lentils, '?. tb 6® B'Turnips, *$> doz 15@20
Lettuce, .15®20. Tomatoes, V- tt>.... 8(S>10
HSH-PKR PnnSD.
Barracuda... ® _;Shad, 12ra —
J; ar ,r > , 8(ailO S»-a. Bas3 l'Jrs> —
( od/isn I2to— '.Smelts... Info) —
Flounders lOo>lHßolea 10®12
• Halibut. 10foH5lSkates. each .. 10(dil5
Herring;. 6(<p 8-Sturgeou -@15
Kinghsh — ro)l Tomcoa 1 5<S2()
Mackerel..^ -® -'Clams, gal -®15
do.Horse —fa)—! Do, hardshell, "$
Terch.. 10®12; 100 '. 50@ —
ronmano -<fc> - Crabs, each 12(o.l 5
KOCkflsn 15(ai20 Do. tshell, W dz.25(0»35
Sulmon. smoked.. .2tKa —'Mussels, "0 qrt 10(a»15
Salmou; iresh 15@18 Oysters, Cal,f« 100.50® —
Shrimps 8(g,10 Do, Kasteru, %i dz.-'5ig,35
THE STOCK MABKET.
Almost all stocks were lower again yesterday.
Tlie best price for Con. Cal. A Va. was $1 85 and
for Occidental 86c. The ninjoritv of the others
were more or less oil and "the close was weak.
BOAili) SALES.
Following were the saiei in the Man Francisco ;
Stocic Euard yesterday;
»r(!CLAK'IIOBNIVn RK «»iriv COMVIT.Vrt V» •» : 30.
150 B &8....71 500 Excbqr....Os 600 Potosi 42
300 8ent0n...'26 400G it C 35 100 , 41
200 8u11i0n.... 1-2J IOO HiVN. . \.;w 700 Sa-vane....38
100 13*200 Mexican. .s3 100 Se 8e1....07 |
StOU Challge.. .3oJloo Mono 12.200 Union C... i
300 Chollar.... 0cc1dt1....86|100 45 !
1000 CC<*V..I.B&UOO 83250 Utah U9 1
AFTFRXOON- RKSSIOV
750 Alpha ..11 200 Ch011ar....48 400 Potosi 39
'250 .10600 CC&V...1.80 300 40
SOO Andes llilOO C P0int. ...31 300 Savage. ...32 !
100 .12 100 Exchqr....o3 300... ...33 I
100 Belcner...'2O 900 (i «fc C 31 100 .34 i
"00 ...:...;.. l 21 JWO H<fcN ....1.26 400 S A'ev....;33 !
400 B «fc 1i... .681100 Justice. ... 10 300 Union. ...44 i
200 8u1wer....17;200 Mexican.. s3 '2so 43
300 18600 Occid 82 300 V Jackt..33
200 CharinKe..3O aOO 81 400 32
000 Cn011ar...47| 50 0phir...1.20;
Following were the sales in the P»cl0o Stoclc
Board yesterday: . . ««. -
KKniH,*"! cr«^'i\' ■■'i- "i.
200 Alpha 101200 CC&V.1.85303 Occidtl...
ioo 11:200 1.82V,:4O!) .... 83
800 Alt*.... ...13 150 Conti tO 400 0ph1r1. 22y 2
900 Andes IW2OO Con 1m....02 300 0vrran....13
400 8e1cher....2'.! .00 011400 Potosi 40
300 21 500 CN V 06J200 50va?e.....39
| 600 B<Stß 7li.)00 Crown Pt.33 900 38
&0O ..70 100 ......32 1000 Scorpiono2
600 80die.....3t 1000 Kxchqr..O4 300 s lut M...05 !
400 8u11i0n. ...1 , IUIIO <fc C 600 *J>'ev....:35 I
! 600 Caleda....Q! .'OO H&.N.. . 1.25:500 ....84 I
| 300 Challnir... 3o 300 Justice.. ..lo:.">oo Sil Hi 11 ....02 I
I 600 25) 400 Kentuclc..Os 300 Union C... i
i vOOChoiiar....49; Mextcau..s3 700 Utah. 09
400 ...: st|2:iO Occld 86800 V JacKel..34
300.. 47|1200 ........ 85 600 ......33
... ._ . JLFTKRXOOS KKSSIIIV— i:H.
200 Alpha 11:900 CC&V..1.80 350 Occidtl... .82
400 Alia 14 100 conn" ....:90 400 Ophirl.22iA
300 Andes... .l-2 600 C P0int. .. 33 SUO Overmn...lb
400 8e1cher....21'200 300 POlO3l 39
600 B <fc B 69 200 (i & C...... 40U Savage. ...37
200 100 HJiNl.22y2 200 35
300 Bodle 200 I.Vo 100 34
700 Bullion.. 12|100 Kentck....()4 200 S B<fc M...06
•200 8u1wer...19 600 ....:. 03 300 S Nev....34
100 ...........21 200 Mexican. .."»l Union .....45
bOO ..'. -^0 300 Mono 12 hOO Utah. .....09
300 Cba11ng...3U,350 Occldu... 81 300 YJacket..32
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Feb. 28-4 p.m.
Bi*.Atkt.cl.\ ■ Bid.Atltetl.
Alpha Con^.... 10 11 Jackson 40 —
Alt*.. 12 14 Julia. — 06
Andes :.... 11 12Ju5t10«.... 10 11
Belcher.. 20 21bentucK. ....^ 03 04
Belcher; 68 70 Lady Wasa.... — 06
UeniQnCou.... — 30 Mexican.. ...... 62 53
I 80die..... 30 Mono ......... 11 12
I 8u11i0n......... 12 13 Mt. Diablo 15 —
; BiUwer. ..'....„. 16 18 Nevada yueaa. —*•:: 05
, Caledonia 05 06 Occidental..... 82 84
Challenge Con. 2» : — ophir ....... 1.20 1.25
I C1i011ar. ....'.... 47 49 Overman ..... 13 16
I Con. Cal. Va. I.HO 1.85 I'otosi .....39 40
j Cou. lmuenai. 01 02>avaee.. 35 36
I Confidence..... — fll'teg. Belcher... 05 06
Con.NewYoric — 0(5 Herra Nevad* 32 34
■Crown Poini... 31 : 33 Scorpion ..' 02 ' 03
KastSierrftiNa* — 04 ver Hi 11..... 01 02
Kxchequer..... — 04 Syndlcai*...... 02 —
Kurekacon — 25 nion C0n..... 42 44
Uouid <£ Curry. Hi 34 Utah ■ 08 09
Unle &.Morcr*.l.2s 1.30 Yellow J acicat. 32 34
.10w».... — 04 1 y,'':
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIOAY. Feb. 28 -2 p. 1C
.. ' rSIIKD SI*TM BOXDJ..
. JUit. ■■ .Ukrd.l , . Bid. Atktd.
V 6 4s conp..lo9y a — |U 84s reg...109y —
Do. new is... 117 117%!
MIRCKI.L4.\JCntrS BOVIH.
! Cftl-AtCbleS*. 1101,4 — Do. 2d Ist 6s. ' — — •
i CalElpclj6s.lO6 — P<feOKy6s.los 120
CntraC\Vss. — 100 j P&ChKvßs. — 105
i Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 |Pwl-st.KJI6», .— in;u
: Kdsnlj&P 6s. 1051/ a — Reno. WUfclj — 105
! F&CIIKK6S. — 107y RiverWCo6s — 100
I Oeary-stKjs. .— ' 105 Mtctol 1 & L...100 • 102.T1
i XosAuel.6s. — 101 'jSF*NPKRS« - 102(4
' l)(>,UntP<l.6». 101 10:5 |bl'KKArix6s — 95
! ■'Mkt-stCbte6sl"23 — lbJiUtCal6».. 109 —
0n5x..10xi.'4109 aPBUCaIM. — 97>/.
KevCNgß7s. 991/2104 aPBrUCa!6j. — 98
N Kites. - 104- l .SV\VaterHs..l22i'(, —
NRyCal6s. — KB BVWater4s._ viiWgWO
NRy Cal ss. — 103 StkinO&KßilO'J 103 V»
j OakUos 6s..lo3y lo4y iSunstTAT6s.loO —
iio. 2d iss 6s. 102 1/ 3 — Sutter-»tR5».110 — '
I Omnibus 65.. 11 9y — Vlsalia\VCtt« — 9i
racUollM6s.. — '—■>■ I
W4TER STOCK*.
Contra Costa 40 — |San Jose — »5
MarinCo.... 4J — |SprlnßVaUe7 98% 991/s
■- r/.s KT«)CKs. " .
Cf1p1tA1....... — . 3B ll'nciflc Light. 44 —
Central.. .. 95 — Kan Francsoo 74.V-1 75
OakGLAII. 51 Biy 'siocktoa. .... — .^l^
PucUaslmp. 783/ i 79 |.. •
. ' : ; I.NBIIR\NCK
FlremansFd.l6o 170 jSun ......... 40 — - ;
V .' COM M I A BANK STOCK*. . .
AmerBATC. — • — London A. —
Anglo-Car... 68 Vi — London&SF. — SO
Bank of Ca1.. 235. — .Merch Ex.... la —
I CaISD&TCo.. 67i/ 2 68 iNevada — —
FirstNatlonl.l7j 180 ibatnerßCo. — i— ' r
Urangers.... ■ — — ; | .'.:
.. % . •■■';'; IHVINfiS BANK STIIIKI
(icrS.vLCo.. — 1160 Snv Loan.. — 102 i/ 3
Humh^iL.loo3 ; — Security 245 266 "
Mutual...... — ' 41 Uiiiou Truac.Bos —
Union 480 —
... ■•..''... -V STKKKT RAH.HOAD STOCKS. "
California.... ' — iOak,Sl«fcHay — ltfl)'
«eary-st.v... 60 . 771/^'i-restttio...... 4Va —
Market-st..u 4HVs Sutter-st — —
. 1 11W BUI STOCKS. '
Atlantic D... 15 — ijudson. ...... — — '
California.... — fIS Vlgont. — -.v'r a
Giant.... 1 ..... 16V2 18 _',■•.;
' - mi-'-i .1,1 \.vmn STOCKS.
.Alaßk»PkM. 93y a 96 Ocean!cS9Co — 20
BlkDCcftlCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 — .
CalCotMUls.. — • — I'ao Borax... 93 100 .
CBlDrvOoclc — — : IPaci&XOa :— • 30
Edison Light. 9KI/2 BS*4 Pac RoU Mill • 291.3 42Va
UasConAssn. — . — -iPATfl'atutCo. - 63.' 8 - 71^3
GerLfad Co.: 85 ■ 92y PacTran»oa — ' 24
HawC&SCo.. 141/^ 15 PacT&TCo, 60 —
HuichSPCa. 17V 18 6unsetT&T.. -41 —
JudsonMfgO. — ' — I United C Co.. — ' Jjs
JierKxAsaalOO 110 i : .......
/,» •■'- ■•..■-■"..'.."■.. iinßNivo AKMinv
Board— lo Giant I'owder Con, 17: 60 Hawaiian
Commercial, 14i.< : 250 do, 15: 60 .llntchlnson s
■ Co. 18; 125 do, 17> ; 10 do, 17 % ; 60 Market-st
Railway, 461,4; 55 8 F (iaslistht, 74V : 50 do, b2,
743/ i; 25 <10, 74^4: J6O 8 V Water, 99.
street— 2Jo H F Gaslight, 74-V2; 50 do, 743/ i;
$0000 S V 4% Bonds, 9^3^.
AFTEHNIV>> SESSION.
Board-10 Edison Light & Power Co, 981,4: 20
do, 98y 3 : 25 Market-sl Railway, 46%: 65 Pacific
Gas Imp, 7P: 100 do, -78%: 10" SF Uasli2ht,7s;
16 s VnVater, 99: 10 do. a 10. 99: 60 do, 9834-
Street— l2s Hntcnin3on s Co, 17 /i: 25 -Mar
kct-st Railway. 4fii' ; 145 S V Water, 99; $2000
B V 4% Bonds". 99=4.
Telephoning 1800 Miles.
Probably the most comprehensive long
distance telephone connection ever estab
lished for actual business use was made in
Boston last week. A Boston man had oc
casion to confer with several widely scat
tered business asociate*. There were two
in New York, one in Buffalo, one in Chi
cago and one in Cincinnati. All were con
nected on the same circuit, and conversa
tion, in which all took part by turns, and
ail could hear, was carried on for half an
hour. The total distance was over 1800
miles.
A Good List fiifr.
In conversinc; with ona's friends nothing
is so chilling as an apparent lack of atten
tion and sympathy. It mij^lit be added
that nothing was more vulgar, were not
the listener's indifference comnion to the
majority of our most cultured people. If,
when one is addressed, she will remember
to incline the body slightly forward, an
attitude of rapt attention will soon be un
consciously assumed, and, whether really
worthy of it or not, new recruits gained for
the always popular, as rare, class known
as "good listeners." — Philadelphia Times.
■ ' • — « — •
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Fki-ri-ary, 1896.
M.
I W.lTh.
Fr.
Moon's Phases.
(7*x Bast Quart c
•*_/ February
3 j
i !
j 6
m
I 7
8
10
! 12
| 13 I
! 14
16 I
! (6?) New Moon.
\-JJ February 13
11
19
121I 21
3 First Qua
February
| 17
| 20
22
I !
I 29 1
/». Full Moon.
j \&/ February 28
I 24 I
I
I 27
I 28 !
OCKAJN STKAiIKKS.
Dates or Departure Jrom San Krnnri>rn.
MICK. | DKSTt.VAriO.V ,
SAILS.
| PI Ell.
Empire Portland ; Feb 29, spm Pier 13
j Areata Coosßay ; i"eb29, 10am Plerl-J
I San Jose.... Panama Feb 29,12 m PMSS
.Eureka.... Newnors .. ! Feb 29. 9am Pier 11
! Umatilla I Vie it __•«« Bad Feb 29. 9am Pier 9
i P0m0na..... ! Humboldtßay Mch 2. 2pm Pier 9
! BantaKota.. | «an Dieeo Mch 2.11 am Pierll
' Homer . ions BaY Mch 2. spm Oceanic
i A Blanchard P0rt1and....... Mch 3. spm Pier 13
i Arauo Coos U»v Mch 3,10 am Pier 13
Point l/oma. (.rays Harbor. Mch 3. 4pm Pier 2
I Del Norte Urays Harbor. Mch 3, 4pm
| * """ui | Newport Mch 4. 9am Pierll
1 Weeott Eel ltiver . Mch 4. 9am Pier 13
i Mate or Cai : Portland Mch 4.10 am I Pier 24
• Monowai... Sydney :.. Mch 5. Oceanic
j CllyPuebla.. Vie A. Put Snd ' Mch 5. 9am Pier 9
; Doric... Chlna&Japan. Mch 5, 3pm:PM S
! Corona can Dmsq Mch 6.11 am , Pier 11
| Co.umbia... Portland Mcli 9. 1 (Jam I Pier ' 2*
stkam>;ks to arkivk.
'.STKAMKR |
.Kit ox
| Dub
Santa Kosa. I !-'__n Disco ;
Wellington Departure Bay
Pomona. Humboldt Hay...
l'eter Johsen.... Nanaimo...,
San Benito I lacoma :
State of Ca1..... Portland.. I
City or .Puebia.-. : Victoria <c fuse: Sound ■
Alice Blancnard Portland....: !
Colon Panama '. !
Homer ! Coos _i»v I
Weeott Eel Hi ver i
Farallon , Yaauina nay I
Del Norte liravs Harbor. '
Araeo Coos bay
Bli'aui Newport.
Corona San Diego..'
North forte Humboldt Bay
Australia. : Honolulu j
Crescent City... Crescent City..
Mackinaw ...... Tacoma j
.City or Everett . Departure Bay !
Kali lui : Kahului !
Eureka ■ Newnort
Walla Wa11a.... < Victoria <£ Puget Sound
Columbia J Portland .' j
China.... China and Japan
Coos 8ay....... Mexico....' i
....en _:»
..Feb 29
..Mch 1
..Mch 1
..Mch 1
I. Mch 1
..Mch 1
' ..Mch 1
..Mch 1
..Mch 1
..Mch 1
..Mch 1
..Mch 1
!..Mch 2
..Mch 2
..Mch 4
..Mch 4
..Mch 4
:..Mch 4
...Mch 5
..Mch 5
..Mch &
..Mch «
..Mch 6
..Mch 6
..Mch 6
..Mch 6
SUN ANI> Tll>K.
U. s. coast and Geodetic Si-rvky Tide")
Bt:i.I,KTIN- PfBI.ISHKD MY OKKITIAL V
ArTHIiKITY i>F THK SUPEKI NT KN I>KVT. )
Saturday, Feb. 29. | Saturday, Feb. V! 9.
Sun rises tj.4'«»i Sun sets 6.04
February.— 1896.
I Time Fee: |Time Feet Ti ™ Feet Time i Feet
g|H VV ■ LXV II Wj LWI
2ft 0.16 4.9 5.60 0.9112.011 6.3 6.28 ■— 0.4
M * •:■.:.'
1 0.45 5.1 6.41 0.5 12.54 4.9 7 02] 0.2
2 1.17 6.0 7.90 0.2 1.54 4.6 7.40 0.8
3 1.64, 6.11 8.22-0.1! 3.01 4.2 8.18 i.6
4 2.34 6.1 9.26 —0.2 4.27 3.7 9.04 2.0
6! 3.18 5.1 10.37 —0.3 6.04 3.6 9.661 2.6
6 4.16 5.0111.54—0.5 7.34 8 6 11.10 3.0
7 6.20 4.9 1.07 -0.7 8.42 3.8 ....
Note— ln the above exposition of the tMos th«
early ' morning tld"S art- glvra in the left band
column, aud tup successive tides of the day in the
onler of occurrence as ;o time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column zives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but thr^e tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights givan are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractlve
from the depth eiveu by ihe charts
HYDKOGKAFHIC BULLETIN.
Branch HyDKonRAPHic OrFicK., U. S. N. "»
Mkrchan-ts' Exchan-ok. ■ V
Sas Francisco. February 28. 189 R. I
The time ball on Telegrapn RUt was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— t. c., at noon of the 120tb
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich' time.
•A. F. Fkchtklkb,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge. !
SHIPI'IXU ISTELLIGKNCK.
Arrived.
• THURSDAY. February 28.
Stmr Excelsior, Higgins, 'Z'l hours from Eu
reka: pass and mdse. to C A. Hooper & Co.
I Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 18 hours 1 , from
I Clrone; wood and piles, 10 L Is White Lumber Co.
: Ship Two Brothers, Windrow, 23 days from De
j parture Bay, via Clallam Bay 13 days; 2008 tons
1 coal, to George Fritch. "
Haw bark R |1" Kithet. Marrison, .18 days from
Honolulu: sugar, to Welch & Co.
Birk Annie Johnson, Matson, 14 days from
j Hilo: sugar, to .1 D Spreckels «£ Bros Co.
Bktn SO Wilder. McNeitl. 15 days from Hono
lulu: sugar, to Williams, Dimond & Co. .■/ ' ■
Bktn Amelia, Ward. 20 days from Hana; sugar,
to M R Grlnbaura it Co. . •• ' . •
Bktn Uncle John,: Murchlson. 4 days from Eu
reka; • 360 M ft lumber, to Puget Sound .Lumber-
Co. . ••.-..
Brie Consuelo, Fries, 14% days from Mahukanai
sugar, to .1 D Spreckels <fc Bros Co." '"''','
Schr Nettle Low.' Low, 7 ' hours from Point
Ileyes: 40 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer A Co.'
Schr. Seven Sisters, Steinborn. 24 hours from
ljowens Landing : r r ties, tal E Tdayer. Oakland
I direct. ■ ' .' • -: 3 •
Schr Penelooe, Larsson, from hunting and fish
! Ing cruise; '218 sealskins, to master.
schr Lily, Bottger.' 9 days from Umpqua; lum
ber, etc, to Gardiner Mill Co. ;■- . . "
schr Glendale; Johnson, 12 days from Clal
lam Bay; 380 M. ft lumber, to J H Baxter.
Cloareit.
THURSDAY. Februnry 28.
Stmr Umatllla, Hunter, Victoria and Port Town
send ; Goodall, Perkins <fe Co. '
' stmr Columbia, Holies, Astoria; Oregon Railway
and ay Co. '
stmr Eureka, Jepsen, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins* Co. • • .
' Ital ship Francesco Ciampa, Maresca, Queens
town; Kpplncer A Co. . ■ "
! Fr hark Ducheese Anne, Corvony; Queenstown •
GeoWMcNear.
Sailed. ,: \ V
THURSDAY. February 28.
• stmr Alcatraz. Dettmers. ■
Stmr Crescent City,' Allen. Crescent City.
. Stmr Gipsy. Lelund. SnntiH'ru7..
Nlc stmr Costa Rica, Mclntyrp, Nannliuo.
. Stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria.
Bktn Retriever, Hoiran, Port Hadlock.
'Schr Vega, Rasmussen, Coos Buy.
Schr Joseph und Henry, Chrlst'iunsvn, Co<)ullle
River. . . -
Teloijr»pl«l«j.
POINT" LORDS— Kebrutirv 28-10 m- Weather
clear: wind NW ; velocity S'J lullus. .
<Jli»r:«ri : .
The Br ship Monkhurn is chartered h>r wheat to
Europe, . private, but said to M <tt '-"-'* Hil Is 9d
less direct. This Is the first spot I'liurur reported
for a fortnight. : ■
•'■ The brig John 1) Spreckels loads nulie tor Ma
huKona: schr .1 N In^nlis, luil-m for Maxatlnn and
San Bias: bark Empire, lomber oil the Sound for
adlrect Australian port— prior to arrivnl; Brshlp
Airlie, lumber at 1 ortland for; Valparaiso for
orders, 37s Od: Gership orient, lumber on the
Sound for Cork, 67s Bo — Drlor to arrival.
■ • . .Spoken. • •
FebB— Lat 7.5, long 34 -W, Milionbnrn.
hence Oct '.25 for Hull. ■ • -
J- eb 26— l.at 36 &S N. long 143 40 W. schr John
G North, from Honoipu, tor San Francisco. .
. . - SliscelluneoiK. ■
MENDOCINO, Feb i.'B— The stmr Empire, from
Portland lor ban Francisco, called here this morn-
Ing for fuel, , she could not get fuel here, and
sailed for Point Arena for wood. .; • • '
■ The stmr Willamette .Valley, hence Feb '25, is at
Ensenadawith a broken crank pin.
■ r> toaster.
' ASTORIA, Feb 28-«tmr Point Loma bound for
San Francisco from Grays Harbor is a total wreck
at Long Beach. No lives lost.
Domestic Ports.
GREENWOOD-Sailed Feb 28— Stmr Greenwood
for San Francisco. ;
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 27— Stmr .Lakme.henca
FebV4. . i'c- . ■ ■
TAUOMA— Arrived Feb 28— Baric Tidal Wave,
hence Feb 19.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Feb 28— Stmr Empire,
from Portland, and sailed for Point Arena. •
FORT Bit AOG— Arrived Feb 28-Stmr " Noyo,
hence Feb "7.
PORT LosANGELKS— Feb 28— Stmr
Nntioual City from San Dlpro.
Sailed Feb 26— stmr National City; Haw stmr
San Matoo, for Cornox.
ASTORIA— Arrived Fob 28— Stmr Signal, from
Pukk Sound.
sailed Feb 28— S:mr state of California, for Saa
Francisco. . •
KUWK.NS LANDING— Feb 28— Schr New
ark, for San Francisco.
ALBION— Sailed Feb 28— Schr Archie and Fon
tie, for San Francisco: senr Moro, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Newsboy, from L'sal.
r;;i-.forn Ports.
Ni:w YORK-Sailed Feb 24-Stmr Finance, for
Colon.
Forelirii Port«.
EAST LONDON-Arrived Feb 25-Br baric
Shakespeare, for Hast'lnss Mill.
KaLMOUTH— Arriveil Feb 27— French baric
Ville <le Ronen, from Astoria.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Feb 2S— Stmr Manposa,
hence Feb 7.
NANAIMO-Sailea Feb 28— Bark^Rufus E Wood
for San Francisco.
HlLO— Arrived Feb 12— Rktn Omega, hence
Fer> 1.
Sailed Feb 16-Bktn Charles F Crocker, for San
Francisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
BREMERHAVEN-Arnved out Feb 28-Stmr
Aller.
LONDON— Arrived out Feb 28— Stmr Mobile.
Sailed F.b 28— Stmr Mohawk, tor New York.
KINSALK— Passed Feb 28-^tmr Ktruria, from
New York, for Liverpool.
Importation*.
UMPQUA VKR-Per Llly-BO sk- potatoes, 5
rolls leather, 11 cs cheese, — 31 ft lumbtr.
< 'iHKicni'iN.
Pec Lily- J C Johnson <t Co: Tlllmann <fe Bendeli
Tho Pacific Const Home Supply Association!
order; Gardiner Mill Co.
Fnr JMtf Shipping Intrlllaence. 8$» FiffrntH Pag*
__=___a
p^a, OFFICE FURNITURE
Ife^iiirtfl? AND FIXTURES
il-ISS c - F * WEBER & CO.,
"^H^*^ 1 800 to 306 Post St.. cor. Stockton
HATHAWAY AND HUMBOLDT
WAREHOUSES.
\\T E, THE UNDERSIGNED, RESPECTFULLY
» i announce to the public that we are the owniTi
and proprietors of th« Hathaway and HumboUls
Warehouses, tlmr the same have been consoli-
dated, and will hereafter be known and called the
HATHAWAY FREE WAREHOUSES,
Located on Spear street, between Harrison ani^
Bryant, and we are prepared to offer special In*
ducements to all merchants desiring storage.
JOHN BALLAKD and
\V. H. MARTIN",
' i illico- 403 Spear st.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPASI
CUT RATES
— TO
VICTORIA, 8.C., and
PUGET SOUND.
Fix-art Class 53.00
Boconcl Class $500
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
; : i ; y OOOUALL, PERKINS <fe CO.,
' ' General Agenta> .
O. l^ : - c jc&3 3NT-
ASTOEIA AfPQRTLAE
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 630 Market M.
Columbia 5ai15...... ..'...'...,?;. February 18 and 28
Stale of California sills.. February VSS and March 4
From Spear-st. Wharf (I'ier 24) at 10 a. m.
CGODALL, PERKINS <fe CO., Oent. Supts.
■^ t F. F. CONNOR, Gpneral Asen!.
OGE.WIC STEAMSHIP COHPAH. v
_ ii)mHl i - ° Cool-anl;» gold .fiflds
jgllr: i(j (Freemantle), Au^ir.v-
-ißM,^uA>wV '\ lia '. 5--0 rtrst clas*;
JWc^ nOf\j n i i|tU»sllO steerage. Lowes! \
£M J^^i^^y)-*^ r.i.-.v 'to Capetown,
k-/ 3^^^^. boiuu Air.ca,
W&gf/ **Fh.** \l^ Australian Rtoampr,
wml «*A. T \^A M"-N" U 'AI, nails via
■H/ Tj "* r -!U fB Honolulu and Auck-
WBI Yj&fFFl^m l ur "'' 'l' hursd;t Marcu
" ac '»~y4fir Steanfshlp Australl.-v
J^r Honolulu only, iu>-^-
- March 10, at 10
a. K.
Spkciai. PAKTrES.— Reduced rates for parties
arch 10 and Anrit 7.
Ticket Office, 114 Montgomery street-
Freight Office, 3^7 Market street.
J. D.'SPRECKELS & BROS. C0.,,/>; "
General AgeM 'i
PACIFIC COAST ST|IMSniP COfIPASI';
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM ArtS^ °
kJ Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as JBbubS
follows: • ■
i or Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel. Jnneaa, Kll- J
ltsnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. v., F«d. 14, 23,
March 16, 30. . . „ *. „
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and Sf-f °-
Whatcom (BeUingham Bay, \Vash.). 9 i. it.
Feb. 4, 9, 14, 19, J4. -.'9, .' and . eyery flftu
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltl»
tho C. f. R. R., at Tacom* wllh N. P. R. R^
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Towntend with
Alaska steamers. • - ■ .• ° ■ -'» ••= ° ■
For Eureka, Arcataand Fields Landing (Hum- =
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., F<;i). 3, 7, 11, 15, '
19, 23, '27, and every fourth day thereafter. 1 --: .. B
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Oayucoi, .
Port Ilarford (San Lufs Obispo); Gaviota.Sant* 0 "'.
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, *an Pedro, East Saa i
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana .Newport, ..it 9 a. it,. F-eb.
1,5. 9, 13, 17,21, '25,29, and every lourth day.
thereafter. ■ ' ' • -.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban I. via Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port- Lo«
Angeles, Redoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11 •
a. ic., Feb. 3, 7. 11, 15, 19, 23, 27. and every =
•• lourth day thereafter. •* « . ° ' ' = »""•
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mafatlan, l.m
Par. Altata and Uuayruas (Mexico),' str. \Vll!mat>
•tte Valley, 10 a. m., "25th of each month. o ■ : ■ °
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4. N.ew, Montgomery
•• street.- • •■■• "". •• o- ; " '■ •
UOODALL, PERKINS <ft CO., G«n'l Agent*.
, ''■■'■;' 10 M"arket St., San Francisco. o
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRAVSATLASTIQUE
SBBfe ; French Line to Havre.
pOMPANY'SPIKR (NE\V).42 NORTH AfffK^
\j River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by &5-4&2J
this line avoid both transit oy Ei!«iisii railway j.i! "
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. "New York to Alexandria, Esjypt, via .Paris,"
tlrst-class $160: s.'jond-class. $116. c »■ 
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. De10nc1e.,..'.... ?..\. .'
: ; March 7, 6 a. m
LAGASCOGNE. Capt.,Baudelon
:........ \. :»;..: March 14, 10 a. «
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe ....".. c... ......... .
'.. ....»'. March 21.-5 a. ic-
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
-...— .Murch, 28, 10 A. X
. JB^ Fox further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Greetf, New York. *
J. F. FlTt.vzi <fc CO., Agents, 5 .Montgomery
»Ye.h.u.e l _Saii Francisco. . = ■ '■ .
ROYAL MAIL STEASTPACKET COMPASY.
STEAMERS LEAVE r ASPINWWLL >M^
r*" 1 rortnlghtly for the West Indie* and es«*W
Soutluwnpton, callins; en route at Cerbourgli,
France, tuul Plymouth to land passengers. •
Through bills of lading, in connection with tn«
Pacific Mall 8. 9, Co., issued for freight and trea».
nn- to direct ports in Enfland and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Pl>-mouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; ihlr*
mttmm. «07 to. For further particulars apply to
r^ . VARKOTT A CO., Agents.
;*. ? V - 306 California M.
:■ STOCI-TO3I STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washingrton St,
At 5 I*. Mi Oaily, IJicept Sunday. '
tfjf Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STKAMKK.: '
T. C. Walker. • J. D. Peters,-
Mary «arratt, City of Stockton,
.Telephone Main 305. , C-ii. Nay. acd Irapt. Co.
FALLEJO, MARE KUI), *BE\ICIA, PORT
COSTA \\\) CRO( kKTT.
STIt. BIONXICKLLO.
DaUy, except Saturday and Kuik!iiv-io-3O a. it
and 4 p. jt ; Saturday, lvi:ao noou-
bQuday— B c. m. '
•4 P. M. only.
LanUln X , Missiou 1, Pier 9,Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
HE LIVED ON
BREAD AND TEA.
Now Search Is Being Made
for Heirs to His
Fortune.
RAE WAS A MISER.
It Was Thought That He Died
in Poverty at Fabiola
Hospital.
DISCOVERY OF HIS ESTATE.
It Was Left to Sisters in England, of
Whom All Trace Has Been
Lost.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 2«. f
When Henry Rae was living in a dingy
little cottage near the marsh and subsist
ing on tea and bread he was an object of
pity and charity. After his death it was
discovered that he owned over a thousand
dollars in bank and also a valuable ranch
in Fresno County.
Attorney H. D. Talcott of this city is
making diligent search throughout Great
Britain for his relatives. Henry Rae was
a pioneer Californian, who died here several
months ago, leaving quite an estate. The
deceased willed his property all to "My
sisters Margaret and Elizabeth."
Rae was a character in West Oakland for
many years. He came from Newcastle
on-Tyne In the days of the cold ex
citement and went to the mountains to
seek his fortune, but it always failed to
smile upon him. When the Central Pa
cific was constructed Rae secured a posi
tion as a locomotive engineer, which he
held for many years. < 'wing to his age he
was transferred to Oakland and piven an
easy berth several years age. He worked
about the yards in oid dirty clothes and
never missed a day until his last illness.
H>' resided in a cottage by himself and
lived on bread and tea. No one ever
thoucht he hud anything laid by ana he
received only a small amount from the
raiiroad fur las work, 'lo all who wanted
him to give up labor and rest during his
last da\ r 3 he pleaded poverty and the ne
cessity of laboring to ke*p from starving,
lie was finally taken ill and removed to the
Fabiola Hospital by the railroad.
After In* death a search was made
ameng his effects to locate tome relative
lv notify. It was at this time that it was
vered that he had $louo in a local
bank, ten acres of vineyard in bearing
down in Fresno County and lots in Te
han:a. A will was also found, which gave
all mis to his two sisters, but there was
nothing to show trhere they resided or
whether they were married or single.
The will w.is riled for probate and three
appraiser* appointed to view the property
report its value. Meanwhile, Attor
ilcott was retained by a friend of the
look :ifter the estate. He wrote
to the Mayor ot Newcastle making inquiry
: the man's relatives, giving the name of
the old family home near by. He has re
ceived a reply that the sisters could not
: c found and the family were not even re
membered by the oldest residents. He
irave the further information that the old
family iiorue had been destroyed years ago
and a greater part of the property was now
a public park.
Further inquiry has been made, how
ever, for the sisters "Margaret and Eliza
beth," and the attorney believes that he
will yet rind them. He is hindered in his
search, however, by not knowing whether
they are married or single. "It is one of
the most remarkable cases." said ho, "that
1 have handled. Here was a finely edu
cated man who has been living a hermit's
life, and living on bread and tea. He had
plenty, but would not use it. Taken sick
the company naturally sent him to the
hospital. It must have been a picnic for
him to be so well fed, clothed and cared
for by those about him. He. must have
enjoyed ins last days to their fuhestextent.
He did not last long, however, and now we
are having a great hunt for his relatives,
so they can have his property.
"He never talked about his family or
boyhood home, and it was not until his
death that any one knew from what part
of the empire he came. He had probably
:iever heard from the family since leaving
ibem when quite a young man. If we fail
to find the sisters the estate will revert to
tae State afttr a certain length of time."
■WKRE THKRE OVERCHARGES?
—
Statements Made l»y Kxpert Snow to
s tho Grand Jury.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 2S.— H. K. Snow,
rxpert employed by the. Grand Jury,
makes some statements in "his report at
tached to that of the boay which employed
him that shows methods employed in
dealing the county. He calls atten
tion to fifteen overcharges. '
The administration of the Coroner's
office darinc Henry Evers 1 term is referred
to in a special renort. Snow claims two in
quests at eacii are charged wheretDere
is no record of such inquest. The 25-cent
fee for Biibpenaing witness is charged 181
more times than ttie record bears witness
to. A charge of $5 each is made for mov
ing 166 bodies to the morgue, which he
iinds no law authorizing. He found a bill for
$7 25 lor taking charge of an amputated
arm. The Coroner charged the county
— 1 25 for gathering up the remains of
Addic Gilmour that floated in.
E.x-C6roner Evers denies any illegal acts
nnd claims he acted in accordance with'
the advice of his attorney. •
CANVASS FOB FUNDS.
Kfforts Koing: Made to Kaise the
Y. 31. C. A, Indebtedness.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 23. — Strong
efforts are being made to raise sufficient
money to make a reduction in the indebt
edness of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation. The members of the board of
trustees, assisted by Messrg. Jacks and
Meyers, have been out during the weeK
soliciting from the business men and resi
dents. They report having been received
with kindness everywhere, and many
promises of help were received. It is ex
pected that a number of good subscrip
tions jvill be realized as the result of these
conferences.
The desire is to raise $10,000 within
thirty days. Dp to date ?275U has been
subscribed. Every dollar will help and
the management urge that the good worK
being done here snould be sustained by
liberal subscriptions. Members who are
able have been appealed to to add $2 50 to
their membership as a donation to the
■Work and many are responding.
.r<»r the Supreme Court.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 28.— Tne habeas
is > proceedings in behalf of Ah Quay
c "i- missed and the Chinaman re
rnenrhjd to jail. This is the case wherein
c constitutionality of the Whitney
act treating the Police Court is
attacked. The case of Attorney T. F.
of court, which in
volves the same question, was continued
until March % Attorney Chapman will
!? CU I® a writ from the Supreme Court in
the Chinaman's case to get it to pass on
the M hitney act.
ME. HIGGS' SIDE.
He Denies Some of the Statements Made
by His Wife.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 28.-Mr. Higgs,
the husband of the woman who sold out
her furniture and with her two children
made a hurried departure for England,
says that some of his wife's statements re
garding him are untrue.
"I have not made the least effort to find
them," said Mr. Higgs to-night, "ana I
have not asked the police to assist me.
When we separated my wife helped me to
pack my trunk, and, although she sus
pected a good deal, ehe told me not long
ago that she had been deceived. I gave
her $200 less than a month ago and also
the furniture which she sold before leav
ing. From what I learn she is well on her
way across the country by this time, but I
am not worrying over it. Ido not like,
though, to be misrepresented."
At the Macdonongh,
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 28.— original
A. M. Palmer's "Trilby" Company, which
played here last October with great suc
cess, will till their one open date, previous
to departure for tour of Australia, with
two performances at theMacdonough next
"Wednesday afternoon and evening. The
company have engaged passage on the
Austialian steamer which leaves the day
after the performance, and will not appear
in San Francisco. Edith Crane and all
the favorites in the cast are with the com
pany. Sale of seats begins to-morrow
morning.
Marsick, the famous French violinist,
has been secured for one concert at the
Macdonough next Saturday evening,
March 7. I . .
To Organize Permanently.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 28.— The Mc-
Kinley Club of Oakland is to be perma
nently organized Saturday night at Koh
ler <fc Chase Hall, Eleventh street and
Broadway. There are several candidates
for president, and a warm meeih is an
ticipated. The proceedings are to begin
at 8 o'clock. Instrumental music is to be
a feature of the affair. State Senator Eli
S. Denison has been invited to attend and
make a protection speech. W. It. Davis
is also to be present.
The Yacht Fouled.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 28. — Charles
Fair's yaci.t, Lucero, collided with the
ship Oriental at the Franklin-street wharf
this af moon. It was being brought out
of the estuary, where it had been lying
during the winter. The Lucero backed off
after s'ie had struck, but fouled the sec
| ond time. The third attempt was more
successful, and she got away. The only
damage was a broken bowsprit with some
scratches on the paint.
I. allies at War.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 28.— mem
bers of John A. Locan Circle No. 5, Ladies
of the G. A. R., are ai war, and the trou
j ble will be fully aired at the State conven
tion to btj held in Ean Jose March 21. One
faction disbanded the circle and reorgan
ized as l'ljil Sheridan Circle No. 5. The
other faction clung to the old name and
number, and claim the other side's action
is illegal, as there were fourteen who
favored holding the charter.
Strong Cross Complaint.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 23.— Charles S.
Flood riled his answer and cruss complaint
to-day in the suit of bis wife, Laura E,
Flood, for a divorce. He denies the chanre
of cruelty and says they have lived
together since the alleered desertion and
all of his actions are fully condoned in the
sight of t.'ie Jaw. He charges she has been
guilty of many acts of infidelity.
Pioneer <;one,
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 28. — Captain
Jesse Healey died at his home, 559 Tenth
street, about 3 o'clock this aflernoon. He
is ,i native of New York, &> years of age.
He came to California in '49, but returned
East in.'s3. When the war broke out
President Lincoln appointed him quarter
master, with the rank of captain.
The Brick Schemes.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 28.-S. A. Hof
sira of San Jose . is the latest victim of
gold brick sharpers. He is a wealthy
rancher near that city, and gave up $4000
for two brass bars last month. The men
were in court to-day for arraignment.
The examination in the Ritchie case was
set for Wednesday. V .■■
Campbell's Estate.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 28.— The will of
the late Ed H. Campbell was filed for
probate to-day. The estate is valued at
?18,750 and is left to his widow, Annie
Campbell. Campbell was the proprietor
of a saloon on Eleventh street known as
the Dirigo.
Serious Condition.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 28.— Daniel Fer
guson, who was struck by the local engine
on Seventh street about 12:30 Wednesday
morning, is in a serious condition. He
was riding home on his wheel and de
clares the engine gave no warning or he
would have heard it.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alamedn County Happenings Told in
lirlef Chapters.
Oakland Office San Fbaxcisco Call.}
908 Broadway, Feb. 28. \
Frank Hoefling had a severe cut in his righ t
wrist treated at tho Receiving Hospital. Ho
said he fell through a window.
All city salaries will be paid to-morrow ex
cept claims against the street fund. Warrants
for street labor will have to be discounted.
The quarterly count of funds in the county
treasury shows a total of $336,764 50. The
disbursements during the quarter were $80,- i
i'l 1 -4.
All the property of the estate of Aune J.
Mobre that the appraisers have been able to I
locate Is a sewing machine and some furniture
worth $40. •
The store of George Beck & Co., at Livermore,
was Droken into recently and aDout $1000
worth of cigars, groceries and 'general sup
plies Etolen. ,
Sherwood Founof, the young man who is'
under arrest for hurglarizing the rooms of O.
Bergsten, asked that his examination be post
poned until to-morrow to give him time to
employ an attorney. The request was granted.
Cornelius Carew's dwelling on East Eight-'
een .n street, near Prospect, Fruitvale, was
■ burned early tliis morning. Earlier in the j
evening the p.ace was afire, but the blaze was i
extinguished. The loss was nearly total.
James Galloway sprained his ankle leaping
from a window of tne burning building.
Word has been received here of the death in
London of Jeff < lark, mining expert and for
tune-hunter. He made his home in Oakland
for some time, but about rive years ago left
• suddenly, anU for some time it was unknown
where he had gone. Later he was located in
Johannesburg, where he made quite a fortune.
He was en routo to New York at the time of
his death. '
ALAMEDA NOTES.
Choral Society Hatters— Alfred Earle,
Who Disappeared, Heard From
in San Bernardino.
ALAMEDA, Cai  Feb. 28.— The recently
organized choral society will meet in the
future in Foreste-a' Hall, which was the
meeting-place of the old society, directed
by Robert Lloyd. A large attendance is
had at every meting, new faces being
added to the number each time. A can
tata, "The Rose Maiden," by Frederick
\V. Cowen, is now being practiced and good
progress is being c-ade.
l mlc li<-ard From.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 28. — Alfred
Earle, driver of a bakery-wagon, which he
deserted full oibrea<i and disappeared, has
been heard from, lie is at San Bernar
dino, where he deliberately went after
having collected all his wages but $5. .His
disappearance Was s<> singular and so out
of keeping with his disposition as his em
ployer understood it that it was feared
for a time that he ha^i met with foul play
or committed suicide.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1896.
ROBBED OF ALL ROMANCE
The Boy Safe-Crackers Sentenced
to Ten Years at
Folsom.
NO REASON FOR LENIENCY.
An Effort Will Be Made to Ask the
Governor to Change the Sen
tence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 2S. f
Judge York stripped a career of
burglaries and safecracking by boys of all
its romance tnis morning. When the
younc burglars, Abe Majors and Bert Wil
more, were taken before him for sentence
he committed them to Folsom for ten
years each.
At the private examination held yester
day it was developed that Wiluiore had no
right to demand that he be sent to a re
form school on account of his age, so he
was allowed to plead guilty and place liini
self on the same footing as young Majors,
who pleaded guilty when lirst arraigned.
Mrs. Wagner, the mother of young
Majors, was present and at one stage of
the proceedings broke down entirely. It
was truly a pitiable spectacle.
Young Wilmore was first told to stand
up. His attorney made a plea for len
iency and District Attorney Snook in re
ply said that the boys had participated in
twenty burglaries, all of. which had been
undertaken at nlgnt. They had also gone
armed, so that they could take the of
fensive if they were molested.
Judge York said : "I can see In the facts
thus adduced no mitigatingcircumstances.
The record of crime is one of the most re
markable that I have ever heard of. If
this boy is sent to the State school, being
over 17 years of age, he would only be in
restraint four years. 1 shall deny the ap
plication to send him to lone. There
is a provision of the luw which per
ruhs that a prisoner who is a minor may,
upon recommendation of the board of di
rectors of the State prison and approval of
the Governor, be transferred to the State
school at Io;ie. Thi3 puts it practically
within the {lower of the prisoner himself
by good conduct to have himself trans
ferred."
Sentence of five years on each of the
two charges was then passed on Wilmore.
Abe Majors was then told to stand up.
Several people* testilied to his previous
good character. As a member of the First
Baptist Church and the Yaung Men's
Christian Association he had always borne
a good reputation.
Mr?. S. C. San ford of the Humane So
ciety spoke of Majors having been arrested
at Hanford for vagrancy at" the request of
his mother. After hearing the evidence
Judge York said he could see no reason
for making any discrimination between
the two boys.
"The case is a most flagrant one," he
said, "and in each case the lad is an intel
ligent one. 1 think the boy will bave a
chance of good conduct to justify a trans
fer from the Prison Directors to the
State school at lone. I have no doubt
that if your conduct is such that you
demonstrate a desire to become good citi
zens the Governor will pardon you at
the expiration of the first sentence! It is
tor you to prove this. The protection of
society demands your restraint until you
demonstrate that you will become law
abiding citizens." The parting between
Mrs. Wagner and her boy was very
pathetic Wilmore's mother is in the city
prison, charged with receiving the stolen
money, and her boy walked off with the
Deputy Sheriff, apparently xincoiicerned.
There is a general feeling that the sen
tence its peculiarly severe for lirst offenders,
and an effert will be made at once by the
boys' friends to secure the immediate in
terference of the Governor.
STUDENTS STILL WORK
Enthusiastic Laborers on the
Grounds of the State
University.
"Forty-Nine" Party— Woman Suffrage
Campaign— California Art Ciub
Meeting.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 27.— With a
"yip, yah, yah," the Berkeley collegians
returned this morning to their work of
making roads across the university cam
pus. With the experience of yesterday
afternoon in tackling the banks of earth
they went at their labors to-day with
somewhat more of a subdued air, but
nevertheless with an apparent determina
tion to "'go through the cencer" of any
line of cobble stones or bank of yellow clay
at which they might make a rush. At
8:45 the bugler, who had stationed him
self in front of the liberty pole near the
library, blew forth his notes of "go to
work," and the motly crowd of scholastic
youths lined up for orders. Wit a their
vari-colored and variously selected gar
ments, their battered plugs and short clay
pipes they presented if not an extraordi
nary at least an amusing aspect. Not
since the days of Raskin has such a body
of university men appeared for "digging' 1
under similar circumstances. There was
as much of truth as poetry in tlicir pro
ceedings with their picks, shovels and
wheelbarrows.
Back of the outward show of boyish glee
and their inclination toward the bumoroQd
there was a motive for good prompted by
the desire to see the university grounds in
a more assuming condition. The band
played while the young Trojans wielded
their heavy implements and east the soft
eartu into the carts and barrows. Co-eds,
with sweet, smiling faces, perambulated
over the green western slope of the campus
and watched the rising generation of stu
dent laborers as they plied their crafts
with pick, dumpcart, crowbar and water
bucket. They dreamed of how their names
might have been handed down to coming
generations as models of the "new woman"
had tney only done as Millicent Shinn
wanted them to, and served up the festive
sandwich and foaming Mocha to the rav
enous band ot toiling knowledge-seekers.
But, alas, it was too late, and they didn't
even get their pictures taken this morning
with the groups of "shovel-slingers," whose
likenesses will be framed ana hung up in
the library for future freshmen to gaze
UDon. AH the consolation co-eds found
was in the possibility of their names being
inscribed on the key-stone of a triumphal
arch at the new entrance, or imprinted on
an artificial-stone pavement. An archway
or a new wals from North Hall to the
library are what the co-eds are thinking
about building ns "the substantial monu
ment" which they say "would do dwellers
of the twenty-first century more good- than
dishing up buns and deviled ham."
All day long Regent Reinstein, the
father of the improvement scheme, walked
about among the squads of toilers and
cave them words praise and encourage
ment. He stated this afternoon that he
hoped that what work had been com
menced would be finisned by to-morrow
night, so that the grading and roadmak
ing might not present a half-completed
aspect. "The boys," said he, "will be
able to do more than I expected they
would. They have done nobly and their
work is to my highest satisfaction."
Baseball Manager Miller, with his typ
ical "Mickey" attire, was the chief grader
of tho Lovers' lane gang, and Clay Good
ing, who yesterday appeared in his once
discarded tennis suit, acted as drum-major
to the band and for v continuous half
hour kept his nickel-plated mace circulat
ing through the air at a rapid rate.
The best pieces for him to keep time
with which the band played M - ere "1 Don't
Want to Play in Your Yard" and Sousa's
"High School Cadets." Stew Rawlintrs
and Freddie Knight of Glee Club fame
assisted Wittennieyer of the football team
in keeping time with the band on their
drums.
Spiro Sargentich, a direct descendant of
a Russian noble family, was pilot to the
wheelbarrow brigade, and Dudley Dean of
minstrel fame headed the lumber-carrying
squad of sixteen men.
Sprinter Marmon, the lOJ^-second man.
was chief water-carrier, having succeeded
"Brick" Morse, who was the Hebe of
yesterday.
Football Manager Reinhardt was gen
eral overseer of the grade Btake-pullers in
Lovers' lane and boss of the gang who
picked up the tools after the day's work
was done.
Lieutenant Kierneff acted as general
boss of the shady side of the North Hall
excavating gang and George Noble oiled
wheel-barrows for the crowd. Horatio
Stebbins Jr. was overseer of the freshman
shovel-wielders, while Phelps was assist
ant water-carrier to Marmon.
About half-past S this afternoon a local
fruit-peddler appeared with a wagon-load
of oranges and commenced unloading
them to the students about North Hall.
No sooner had the laborers caught sight
of him than his fruitcart was more than
filled with volunteers, who threw the fruit
of the citrus belt in all directions to their
comrades. For about five minutes oranges
poured down on all sides like hailstones.
Some got none, while others escaped with
half a dosen or more. F. M. Wilson of the
Scenic Park is given tne credit of having
sent the oranges to the students.
To-morrow evening, after the completion
of the work, the students will have a gen
eral jollification and merry-making. A
promenade concert will be given by the
Presidio band, a dance will take place in
Harmon gymnasium, speeches will be
made from the library steps by President
Kellogg. Regent Reinstein, W. N. Friend
and M. C. Flaherty ; the electric lights in
the library and on the campus will be
turned on for the first time, and a general
rejoicing befitting the occasion will be in
order. Elaborate preparations have al
ready been made for the celebration, -and
ninny of the alumni around the bay are
expected to be present and lend their as
sistance.
"Forty-Nine" Party.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. 28.— A "Forty
nine 1 ' party was driven to-ni<_'ht in the N.
T. Whiting block on Dwight way. The
guests were attired in costumes typical of
the early settlers in California. Red
shirts, overalls, heavy boots, kniyeg. pis
tols and broad sombreros by the wholesale
were in evidence. A crowd of young men
impersonating the members of the Mid
winter Fair Forty-nine Camp attracted
considerable attention. A number of uni
versity students were present. Those in
charge of the party were Miss Cora Fisk,
Miss Georgie Krauze and Miss Fannie
Cook. Th**' novelty of the affair attracted
many visitors other than those who danced.
Woman Siift'rage Society.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. 28.— The
Citizen Suffrage Society of Berkeley is
making arrangements for arousing open
ing of the campaign in Berkeley for
woman suffrage. On March V.) Miss Anna
If. Shaw wilj speak in Shattuck Hall
under the auspices of the society.
The ladies of the society are endeavoring
to raise by subscription sufficient money
to pay tne expenses of the lecture, and, if
they succeed in doing so, intend to have
free admission. About half the sum
needed has already been pledged.
Unitarian Social.
BERKELEY, (\u., Feb. 2*.— The Uni
tarian Society of Berkeley held a "New
England evening" lust night at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. N\ T. Whiting.
About eighty members of the organization
were present and participated in an inter
esting programme of social amusement.
At St. Mark*?
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 28.— The second
sermon L»v Rev. William Hull Moreland,
M.A.. on "The Three Temptations of Our
Blessed Lord' 1 was preached to-night at
St. Mark's Episcopal Church. Dr. More
land will conclude his series of addresses
next Friday evening.
California Art Club.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 25.-The sec
ond regular monthly meeting of the Cali
fornia Art Club will" be held on Wednesday
evening, March 4, at the residence of Pro
fessor 11. T. Ardiey. the president of the
club. The gaper of the evening will be
read by Professor Ardley. General dis
cussion will follow.
Philosophical Union.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 28.— The Philo
sophical Union of the State University
met last night in North Hall. F. E.
Torrey read a paper on "Watson's Criticism
of Spencer's Philosophy of Mind," after
which was a general discussion opened by
George H. Boke, r &l.
BASSETT SAYS HE'S EVEN
Not Going to Washington De
spite the Resolution of
His Colleagues.
He Thinks the Councilrnen Are Pin
heads Whether as Jokers or
Politicians.
Oak r,AND Office San Francisco Call \
908 Broadway, Feb. 23. )
Certain members of the City Council are
wondering whether "Old Pard" Bassett
got off a joke on them or whether they
perpetrated one on Old Pard. About a
month ago it was reported that Council
man Bassett was to go East to help to en
lighten Cong ressmen regarding the inner
history of the Central Pacific and Southern
Pacific directorates.
Whether JMr. Bassett was really intend
ing to go East or not was not inquired
into, Dut a waggish member of the Coun
cil, whose identity has been concealed up
to date, introduced a resolution couched
in very sarcastic language and hinting
that Mr. Bassett would be tendered the
thanks of that body should he remain
away for fourteen months, by which time
his term of office would have expired. The
programme wns all cut and dried for the
Council to have considerable fun at Bas
sett's expense. The resolution was unani
mously passed and referred to Council
man Bassett as a committee of one.
Mr. Bassett took full advantage of the
opportunity to make a report. His lan
guage ivas biting and savage, andsuveralof
his colleagues smarted under the lash, but
no one could defend himself as the reso
lution had not been signed or "fathered"
by any one. Under ordinary circum
stances the resolution would not have been
referred to unless introduced by its author.
Had Bassett wished it the matter could
have been laid on the table, but such was
not his play.
Now Mr. Bassett is not going to Wash
ington. More than that, he has never
given any one authority to say that he in
tended to.
"I hope those fellows are not too thick
headed to appreciate the boomerang they
hurled at themselves," said Councilman
Bassett to-day. "They thought they would
assume something and have considerable
fun at my expense, but they assumed too
much and the fun was mine. Some of
those pinheads are as much of a failure as
punsters as they are as politicians. If they
Knew as much about railroad methods as I
do they would take more care in covering
up their tracks."
THE FLY-CASTING CLUB.
Officers Elected nnrt Arrangements Made
for a Members' Practice Meet.
For some time past there has been a gen
eral desire among the rnem tiers of the San
Francisco Fly-casting Club for a per
manent, live organization. The club be
gan its existence about two years atro amid
great enthusiasm, but little by little in
terest commenced to wane, until some of
the more soliticous members commenced
to fear that their cherished club was in
danger of extinction. Last night' 3 meet
ing, however, conclusively proved that a
goodly proportion of the members were de
termined on bringing the club bacK to its
former prosperity and prestige.
The meeting was called by Colonel
George C. Edwards and about thirty well
known anglers responded to the invita
tion. The objects of the club, and particu
larly of the meeting, were fully stated by
Colonel Edwards, after wnich "the annual
election of officers took place, with the
following result: President, W. D. Mans
field; vice-president, C. G. Young; secre
tary and treasurer, Alexander Vogelsang;
executive committee— Colonel George C.
Edwards, F. H. Reed, M. C. Allen, John
Hunt and Achille Roos.
On motion of Mr. Allen it was resolved
to hoid a members' practice meet on Sat
urday, March 14, at Stowe Lake. A fly
casting tournament is also promised in the
near future. Five new members were ad
mitted, and it was decided to leave the
charter open for sixty days for the signa
tures of new charter members. The club
at present comprises the following named
members: John F. Sicbe, H. Battue, \V.
.). Golcher, A. B. Finch, W. C. Murdftck,
Alexander J. Vogelsang. A. C. Wayne, H.
T. Payne, A. IX Wieland, J. H. Mangel Is,
M. C. Allen, H. Emeric, C. Robinson, W.
S. Tevis F. H. Reed, J. S. Benn, Hon.
Charles W. Slack, Hon. John Hunt Jr., W.
J. Street, G. H. Kellogg, Al C::mmin-s,
George C. Edwards, \V. D. Mansiield, E.
H. Wakeman, A. Russell Crowell, Frank
Vernon, H. C. Golcher, E. T. Allen, R. A.
Eddy, 11. E. Skinner, C. G. Young, John
Butler, Louis Butler, W. L. Miller, Charles
Huyck, E. A. Mucker and Charles Klein.
A NATIONAL ORDER NOW
Important Work of the Y.
M. I. Supreme Council
at Denver.
Archbishop Riordan Elected Supreme
Chaplain— Campaign of the
Institute.
The Pacific Coast delegates to the
Youqg Men's Institute first Supreme
Council in Denver returned Wednesday
evening. .
One of the most prominent men among
the supreme delegates was ex- Judge J. E.
Sullivan. Upon his return he conversed
quite freely with friends over the work
done for the future good of the Young
Men's Institute.
"As many as 118 institutes from the East
and middle West, scattered over sixteen
States, and about one hundred institutes
of the old Pacific jurisdiction were repre
sented," he said. ''From Kentucky 42
institutes were represented, from Ohio .".!»,
from Indiana 18, from Pennsylvania 12,
from Tennessee 6, from Virginia, Nebraska,
New Jersey and Kansas 2 each, ana from
Arkansas, Missouri, West Virginia, New-
York and Massachusetts 1 each.
"The Supreme Council divided the order
into seven jurisdictions. The old Atlan
tic jurisdiction was cm up into five Grand
Councils. These are to be known as the
Grand Council of Ohio with headquarters at
Cincinnati, the Grand Council of Kentucky
with headquarters at Louisville, the Grand
Council of Illinois with headquarters at
Chicago, the Grand Council of Pennsyl
vania with headquarters at Scranton and
the Grand Council of Indiana with head
quarters at Indianapolis. The councils in
other States comprised in the territory
eastof the Rocky Mountains were attached
to the nearest respective Grand Council,
as for instance the extreme eastern coun
cils will be in the Scranton jurisdiction.
"The new Pacific jurisdiction comprises
California, Utah, Nevada, Arizona and
Now Mexico. The new Northwestern
jurisdiction covers Washington, Oregon,
Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, British Co
lumbia and Alaska.
"It was decided that the supreme gov
erning body .shull meet every second year
on the second Monday in October. The
supreme directors are to meet at intervals,
though in cases of urgency measures may
bo signed by them, which will have the
same effect as it they held a meeting and
acted upon the same matters collectively.
Chicago being the great center of the coun
try it was chosen as the center, and a sr.rli
cient number of grand directors were
chosen from that vicinity to form a
quorum, so that they may meet at any
time on extraordinary occasions without
being compelled to travel great distances.
"We provided for the creation of a
junior and a senior rank. The junior is
ior boys of 14 to 18 ytars of age. The
senior rank is for those who have served a
certain time in the organization as mem
bers. They will go a step higher than the
ordinary members and be exemot from
certain duties and penalties.
"That insurance of members mieht not
be carried on as a feature in the order the
Supreme Council elected rive rnembeis—
Senator M. T. Corcoran of Cincinnati,
Colonel J. A. Mulligan, W. D. Sexton, M.
D. Cannon and 11. W. Rives of Kentucky
— tc organize an insurance corporation
under the laws of the State of Ohio for
the purpose of insuring members. This
corporation, while composed exclusively
of members of the order on the mutual
plan, will he entirely independent of the
order itself. Theincorporators all live near
Cincinnati, where its head office will be
established and maintained. Th« Pacilic
delegation insisted that insurance should
not be made a feature, as it might affect
the success and permanency of the order."
The following supreme officers were
elected :
Supreme chaplain— Archbishop P. \V. Rior
dan, California.
Hupreme president— J. J. McDade, California.
Supreme first vice-president — Senator M. T.
Coreumn, Ohio.
Supreme second vice-president— P. B. Cos
tello, Kansas.
Bupreme secretary— F. D. Lyon, Kentucky.
Supreme treasurer— \V. K. Kenney, Ohio.
Supreme directors— P. B. O'Brien, Illinois;
F. J. Murasky, California; F. J. Kiera, Cali
fornia; J. F. Collier, Indiana; H. \V. Kives,
Kentucky: J. L. Gaynor, Pennsylvania; F. E.
McEntepe, Ohio, and Jonn I. McEntee, Ore
gon.
STATESMEN AND THINGS.
Judge Morrow* Lecture This Evening
at Mechanics' Institute.
Ex-Congressman and United States Dis
trict Judge W. W. Morrow will deliver
what promises to be a very interesting lec
ture this evening at Mechanics' Institute
Library building, 13 Post street. His sub
ject will be 'Six Years With Statesmen,"
being a resume of his experiences at
Washington.
His talk will be rather out of the groove,
it is expected, and men and matters that
do not usually get into the newspapers
will be treated.
This is the eighteenth and last of the
series of lectures given by the Mechanics'
Institute. The course has been highly suc
cessful and most satisfactory to all con
cerned.
THE GOVERNMENT LANDS
U. S. District Attorney Foote
Explains the Big Grant
Suits.
RICH LAND-OWNERS EXCITED.
Opposing Opinion Concerning the Con
stitutionality of the Five Year
Limit Law.
The Call's exclusive account of the ex
tensive Government suits against the Visi
tation, Los Pulgas and Corde de Madro
ranchos, published yesterday morning,
was provocative of wide discussion among
land-owners and attorneys.
In the language of the complaint in the
case of the United States vs. trie Visitation
Rancho (Abbey Land and Improvement
Company and 114 other defendants), the
most bald-faced fraud was perpetrated on
the Government.
Ex-United States District Attorney
Sharp is censured and accused in the
strongest language. Besides conniving
with the surveyors when the latter ex
tended the boundaries of the Visitation
Kancho to take in hundreds of acres of
Government domain, he is also cnareed
with having acted with the attorneysfor
the defense in stipulation for dismissal
when suit was first brought, three ana a
half years ago. The Attorney-General
had repeatedly urged the bringing of the
suit and its vigorous prosecution. Sharp
was finally forced to act, but according to
the complaint he acted with the defend
ants.
Concerning the two similar suits to be
brought against the land-owners in the Los
Pulgas and Corde de Mariro rani:hos Mon
day, the United States District Attorney
said yesterday:
"Of course, the property incorporated
within the boundary limits of these two
ranchos is very valuable, and it is more
than likely there has been grave fraud per
petrated. The conditions are similar to
those existing in the Visitation Rancho,
that is. the surveyors of the Mexican
grants extended the lines so as to take in
lar^e tracts of the public domain. H was
fraud the same as that by which the Visi
tation Rancho increased Us area, and there
must have been a conspiracy between the
officers of the Government. It devolves
on this otlice to bring the crime home to
the guilty persons.
"It may be that on investigation of the
two suits to be brought Monday I may re
port in favor of then 1 dismissal. You' see,
they differ somewhat from that of the Visi
tation Rancho. In that case a palpable
wrong was done innocent men.
"After they had purchased the Govern
ment land in good faith oilicersof the Gov
ernment in surveying the rancho extended
the limits so as to include Clark's and Mur
phy's land in the Mexican grant.
"In t tie latter rases, however, the Gov
ernment's incentive to action is not as
strong. The kind-owners in and about
Redwood City, in San Mateo County, and
Belvedere, Marin County, bought the land
in good faith, and it may be that the acre
age fraudulently included in the Mexican
grant surveys is not large enough to cause
the Government to act unless the fraud
can be brought home. But, as I said, all
"Both ranchos incorporate within their
respective boundaries much valuable land.
The little hamlet of Belvedere, in Marin
County, has been built up by wealthy men,
and Kedwood City and many of the ad
jacent estaU'S include sonv.' of the most
valuable property in this part of the State.
The Government, though, lias no desire to
deal harshly or arbitrarily, and it may be
these two cases will not be prosecuted in
the same way as that of the Visitation
llancho.
"The Mexican land grant laws are very
peculiar and have given rise to much liti
gation in this State. I have been so busy
of late that I have not had asi opportunity
of going much into the question. The
suits bein^ iiled at tliis time, without
warning, as it were, is due to the necessity
for getting in ahead of the bar of limita
tion. On the 3d of March the time /or til
ins these suits will have expired."
"To comprehend the significance of
these actions on the part of the Govern
ment one should first understand that
there are several kinds of Mexican land
grants," said P. L, Koscialowski yester
day. "I have had occasion to make" a spe
cial study of the old Mexican lavys, and
the farther I go the more am I inclined to
sympathize with the jurists who have to
pass upon them. Of the different kinds of
grants there are two which have figured
principally in the most extensive larid liti
gations.
"The first is what is known as a grant
by quantity and may briefly be explained
thus: A certain piece of land was de
scribed by meets and bounds known as ex
terior limits, within which the grautee
was given a certain quantity of land, say a
square league, by way of illustration. He
could select that square league anywhere
within the exterior limits of the area from
which he wus to choose. Or, he might
take half in one place and the other half
somewhere else. In the other class, how
ever, he could take his grant only in h cer
tain place, so much and no more than
that specifically granted. The Visitation
Rancho is of the second class.
"The law of ISSI, passed May 13 of thai
year and entitled an act to quiet land
titles in California, provided that grantees
of the Mexican Government should pre
sent their claims to a board of commis
sioners, created by said act, within five
years from the date of the passage of the
act. Many attorneys who have made a
close study of Mexican law claim that the
act is unconstitutional. lam among the
number. It is obviously unjust to the
most superficial observer. In 1851 the
means of communication were vague and
primitive, and many there were holding
land in eood faith, under Mexican grant,
who never heard or the law until they
were notified by fraudulent agents that
their land had reverted to the Govern
ment.
"The Government suits can be success
fully combated on the same grounds. But
be that as it may, they are of grave legal
significance, and there may be no end of
litigation on account of the several
millions involved."
JORDAN ON THE YELLOWSTONE.
Why the Government Fut Fiih in the
Streams.
David Starr Jordan, president of Stan
ford University and of the Academy of
Sciences, lectured last night in Metro
politan Teruule before the California
Camera Club on the Yellowstone National
Park.
His discourse was illustrated by a large
number of stereopticon views of the park
and its innumerable and peculiar geysers,
formed by cola water springs trickling
down thronich the crsvices in the lava
until, coming in contact with hot sub
terranean rocks, the rower of the accumu
lated steam finally ejects the water. This
is done in some casts with the force of a
cannon, and in one particular geya#r in a
towering volume almost as high as the
proposed Call buiiding.
It was of the fishes in the Yellowstone
that Dr. Jordan spoke particularly. He
was sent there in 1888 by the United States
Government "to interview the trout in the
vicinity" to find out why they had not
tanen possession of the excellent streams
in the park. He found it was because
they could not get there. During the
development of the lava region impassable
waterfalls Mad been formed which had
! proved permanent barriers, preventing the
fish from ascending the streams. As a
result of Dr. Jordan's investigations the
Government stocked the streams with the
best trout from different parts of the world
and they are abundant there now.
A small fish wis found in the streams,
and Dr. Jordan accounted for its presenca
on the hypothesis that at some time or
other several of them had been dropped
by fish hawks when hard pressed by the
bald eagle. And in this connection the
lecturer explained that our National bird
is the pirate of the feathered tribe, levying
on what other birds catch. Of course we
didn't know this when we chose him, as
he would have been more appropriate for
England, and we might have taken the
lion ourselves.
The original J'oodoo.i Dr. Jordan ex
plained, is (nothing but a pillar of black
lava an.l is entirely harmless.
In Yellowstone Lake there is a kind of
trout thnt drifted over from the head
waters of the Columbia, for on the summit
of the Rocky Mountains a small meadow
traversed by criss-cross streams connects
the sources of the Columbia and the Mis
souri. This trout is rilled with parasitic
worms caused probably by the hot waters
emptying into the lake".
The lecture was divided into two parts,
J. P. Fleming, the barytone soloist, sing
ing "The Old Brigade," followed by an
encore, during the intermission.
SHE TURNED ON THE GAS
Suicide of Mrs. J. Fonclere, a
Dressmaker, at the Mira
mar Hotel.
She Was Despondent Over the Death
of a Friend— Letters of
Explanation.
Mrs. J. Fonclere, a widow, aged 50 years
and a dressmaker by occupation, suicided
by asphyxiation at the Miramaf Hotel
some time on Thursday night. She first
took chloroform, but that did not have the
desired effect and then she turned on the
gas. The body was removed to the
Morgue. The deceased left these explan
atory letters:
Tuesday evening, 25th February, 1 $06.
Dear Mile. Conxtance Moreau: I cannot bear
the grief of the death of my best friend. She
gone, existence seems to be" so aria, deso(jite :
it was being from my friends that made me so
lonely; I have no Jon<*er the courage to
struggle, and I come to 'bid you a last adieu.
Pleate take care of everything that I leave
and see that Mice. Chevalier is paid ; for your
m'H choose whatever will bo agreeable t<> \ on.
If you can, give some little souvenir to' my
nephew; you will find a letter from him ana
his address in my box on the bureau. Tell him
that I nm dead without telling him the details.
I should be sorry that he knew the truth. If
letters arrive from France, send them back.
Tell them lam dead and nothing more. Good
by, my dear friend; don't weep for me; think
that lam nap pier than you know. You more
than anybody else know how I have suffered,
and think how long a time I have been sen-
Bible of the dispositions which I have experi
enced, and if I had not feared to nttiict my old
friend too much 1 would have finished my lite
with hers, but to-day she is here no longer,
and existence weighs upon roe. Adieu. Ac
cept my last kiss. Your friend, J. FOKCLBM.
P.B. — I add a few words after having received
a letter here full of interest from my friend- lit
Veveyr. I should liko that they know of my
death, but above all that they know nothing of
the manner in which it has happened. I'leaso
write and tell thfm that I am dead; that my
death is attributed to a severe shock, us
for instance, the death of my dear friend,
having received their letter the eve of my
death. I have already written my ietter and
don't wish to open it to recommence it again.
As to the oiher lett.T.s which will be received,
plrti«e return them in mentioning the fact that
lam dead. For my nephew, the dear boy,
please write him a lew lines and tell him a> I
luivc already Indicated before. Send him
some souvenir. Thanking you in advance i«>r
your kindness, good-by once more, or. at least,
an revoir iti a better world. Your friend. I
huvc made my little will 'o avoid anybody's In
terposing in the disposition oi the things which
I leave; this will simplify the matter. You have
nothing with which to iuter me. Hee that it is
done by the city.
The will referred to is as follows:
This is my will. I bequeath to Mile. Con
stance Mor.eau everything that 1 possess and
Unit is contained in tliis room, such as linen,
dresses, books, pictures and the little pieces of
bric-a-brac and trunk and everything that is
in it.
Done this 20th day of February, 1896, at
San Francisco, Hotel Miramar, room ti.i.
Mme. Veuve J. Fonxlere.
Another letter reads as follows:
February 25, 1896.
My Dear Friend: I am so lonely and un
happy that I cannot bear existence. God will
|>ardon me. My dear friend who has preceded
me will obtain my pardon by her prayers. Tho
news of Her death struck me to the heart. I
cannot console myself. You have been very
considerate to me— you have been kind to me;
thank you. As a souvenir of. our acquaintance
accept my two diamond rings, and the blue
one is for mv sweet Marie. I leave to your
daughter Pauline my little prayer-book,
mounted in sliver. This little piece will re
mind you of our friendship and the many
pleasant chats that we have had. Adieu, my
friend. 1 leave life with feelings of indescriba
ble relief. Pray for me that I may find that
peace and tranquil! ty which I desire and of
which I have heard so much. To you three I
leave my last kisses. Your friend,
J. Fo.vclerk.
NEW TO-DAT.
Gladness Comes
With a better understanding of the
transient nature of the many phys-
ical ills, which vanish before proper ef-
forts— gentle efforts — pleasant efforts—
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge, that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis-
ease, but simply to a constipated condi-
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative. Syrup of Figs, prompt-
ly removes. That is why it is the only
remedy with millions of families, and is
everywhere esteemed so highly by all
who value good health. Its beneficial
effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy which promotes internal
cleanliness without debilitating the
organs on which it acts. It is therefore
all important, in order to get its bene-.
ficial effects, to note when you pur-
chase, that you have the genuine arti-
cle.which is manufactured by the Cali-
fornia Fig Syrup Co. only and sold by
all reputable druggists.
If in the enjoyment of good health,
and the system is regular, laxatives or
other remedies are then not needed. If
afflicted with any actual disease, one
may be commended to the most skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
one should have the best, and with the
well-informed • everywhere, Syrup of
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.
/~~"VDi*. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fflaS&MUl **-'*> KEAEST ST. Establish^ '
a .Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
f >2s KEAH.VT ST. Established
fn 1804 for the treatment of Private
MS2*&tthL&&l Dfoenaes, Lost Manhood. Debility or
n3EgggsB*»t!isoaspv.-e.iring <>n bodyanduitndaud
■S!;in Diseaaes Tbetioctorcureswhen
UgnffiKßWlotbersfall. Try him. Charges low
Dr. J. jf. (nrfieiidfanlefd. Callorwrltft,
l>r. J, f. UIBBVK, Box lU57.San Franclyo.
1314
A BIG INVESTMENT.
The Gaslight Company to JCrect a
Handsome New IJuUdinj; on
Post Street.
A. J. Rich & Co., real estate apents, have
just completed an important purchase for
the San Francisco Gaslight Company, con-
Bisting of the property of the estate of
T. M.- Roach, on the south side of Post
Btreet, 165 feet west of Powell, 27:6x187
with improvements; also adjoining on the
east the property of Jacob Stern, 27:6 x
137:6. with three-story building, and ad
joining the Jacob Stern property on the
east also the property of Dr. Georee W.
Merritt, with two-story building, 22:2x61
feet. *•-'■■*■!
This will jrive the pas company a front
age on Post street of 77:3 feet by a depth of
137:6 feet, excepting as to the 22:2 feet of
Dr. Merritt. The present improvements,
which are quite substantial, will be re
luoved immediately and tne company will
proceed to erect a handsome six-story
brick and ste 1 building, i
■ A few weeks ago it was stated that the
Young. Men's Christian Association build
ing on Sutter street, was to be the site, but
the purchases made by A. J. IMcn & Co.
bring) the "matter to a close.
5 The location is a central one, and the re
moval from the old orHees, which are now
out of the trend of business, will be hailed
with delight by the many who were
obliged to go so far out of the way to con
duct their business. It also marks an era
of progress and the transition ol resi
denceinto business property..
The investment of the Gas Company,
including the propert\ and building, will
be about $150,000.
Joseph ii. Crockett is president of the
company; William G. Barrett is secretary
of the company.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTKL.
C Adams A \v, X Bedford M I) Rotnschild A w, N V
Miss Adams. N Redford H Averill A \v, St I.otlis
>! Van Kmden, Mill Mrs A E Knox, Boston
Mrs Buckingham, Vacav B Renney, Hamilton
<> V Katon, Stanford J Brenock, Chicago
]' Lane? N V Mrs p Kuzit, Chicago
>t Bowe, Oeden M -s Kuzer, Chicago
W \V Foote, Oakland Mrs Fllim.e, LosGatos
M F Tarpey, Alameda C Hump. Stanford
T B,Rickey, Carson City H M Gilcrist, India
J P sousa, S v JI Picket, Placerville
Mis* M French. N V X C Voorhiea, Snuer
y s Dickinson. N V Miss Voorhlea, Gutter
M \V Beoton, Boston 11 F Tavlor, Oourtland
C Su-in. Chicago G .1 Maycomba.Courtland
A H Kenny. I,os Angeles R Graham, >>' V
.31 Stevens, Syracuse Mrs Germaine, Chicago
ssrhiiiimril, X v .1 X McPherson, Washetn
1j Cohen it \v. Or Mr-; Mcl'herson, Wasntu
Mrs I. Logan, S D . Ira Boss. Bereeley
31 rit Mrs Benson, Portld N Bowden, ban Jose
Miss 1! M Daniels, N V :J A Farwell; bicaco
J Arkell, N V ' \V Dudley, Stanford
A E Km>\. Boston ' C J Titus & w. Sacto
1" H-Coyne, S V s m Jarvis. N V
1i M Rowe, Ogden H Adter. England
Miss a Davia Keokuk p p Austin, San Jose
C F Davis, Keokuk »i ii Daniels, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
Andle Coote, Australia 3 F Condon, Nevada
A C Murdocb, Kocklin W E Ward, .Sun .lose
\V BCtiratb, watsonville L, G Harrier, Vallejo
]>r CS Fay, Sacramento A N Campbell, Cal
<t G Bplrhcr, Sausalito VV X < asan, Fresno
Jt T smith. Los Angeles Miss E T Caase. Boston
Miss L A Chase, Boston Mrs Ida Chase. Boson
C H Leadnerter, Stock 8 H Bradley, Marysville
"\V F. Hazelton, Prescott William Beck man. sacto
C W Selltct it wf, n V J A Kade, Syracuse
y. M Berry, Auburn X Joson. Marysville
Miss Eva James, Napa Master James, Xapa Co
Eastlick Jameson, Napa X Joost, Ogden
Anna Kenney. Ogden G L Turner, I.os Gatos
>iP Mulgrew.'Cal J ji Davis, • afclaod
Pl rough, Salinas H Tiotic Jr. Cincinnati
L a >helnon. Pasadena Mrs C W Curtis de ch, Cal
Miss Curtis, Cal H a McCraney, :-aeti>
1, C Stuan >v wf, Portlnd John X Jackson, Los An
31 a Keame, Hanford T DC\ark «t wf, Mryavlle
C E liittlehall, Stockton Miss I Uevendorf, San J
.11 v. L.i!, r ,v wf, X I i.i. Buck. Los Ingeles
J II RinEjstoril A wf,Mt V J M Maunon. I'kiah
Miss Russell, Santußosa C i. Hall. Ypsilanii
W F Peterson. .-aeto P a Buell, Stockton
C a Rober Bon, Chicago L L Hlcok, Colusa
>' I' Ryan. Sac;o X C Hart, sacto
A J Rhoads, Sacto ..
COSMOPOLITAX HOTEL.
II X Cooney, Oolfaz > 11 Blackman, Mich
Mrs It E Osborne, Mich J Hy/ies. Boston
E Hook it w, .sac T Lansing. Xciv Mexico
J M Jaeger, or A Drendtli, 111
W stoos. 111 J Barrett. Reno
.1 Golds:ein,VirsiniaCity Mrs( X llons'.on, Cal
<■ Hatix-n. Alaska Mrs D Ilober, Sac
Miss M Joyce, Sac G s Dickinson, Pa
"W .1 Buck, Portland J H Buck, lil
Mrs M J Dmraad. ill Miss M Jones, 111 • ;
M H Palmer A London J Rickard, Seattle
J J Martin, Salt i:ue J L Gleeaon, Xorth Hill
}. W Baxtvr, Ls Anceles It F X Musser, Oakland
J Princivalle, Gilroy .i M Tuily, i-coora
J F Fahey, sonora Miss Durkin, sonora '
BALDWIX HOTEL.
M Moses. X V G Mishavalla, Xapa .'
31 A Siribling. Ashland H Ludden. Sansalito
.1 W Curx. S V ]>r II M Woolsey, Oakld
S V dv Bois. X V J f mith. NY."
J A Kerr, Portland Wll Hartley <& w,Merced
O X Brown, Portland A C Maude »t w Cal . •
W McAllister it w, X J CHOoodrk* NY " '
31 H Stanton, • al A C Liirhtua;l, Denver
Mrs J s Mattoon, Cal A > Brown. Newark .':
C Gibson, Sacto .1 F ltogers, Wtodiand "
Mrs C Brown, X.V . H Wai a?e. New Jersey !
HQninn,Ch G McFar.am, X V
it C Campbell. Woodland
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL. = . i
O Miller. San a Cruz 1. W Look ham.- Alameda
J. Reffell, Alameda Walter Mann, Sacto • .
}; Bates, Denver Joser*i Mason. Boston •
31 S Lurst, Xew Yorlc I. sprairue, Los \ntreles
J E Edwards, Stockton II Wright, Chicago 9
C Hands, Alabama
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS,
William and Lizzie Hinkel to Teresa F. Wellln
lot on E line uf Clayton street, 153:9 N of Freder
ick, N -jr. by E 106:3; HO. .'- •
Philip Simmous to ellie L. Simmons, lot Oh F
line of Shotwell street, 60 S of Nineteenth, s 35 by
E 50: $10. '
J. W. and Lucy Harrison to Louis Metzger lot
on S line of Jersey street, 102 W of Koe. W 22 by
S 114; $10. , " y
J.tnies I. and Emily S. Blevin to Margaret Bel!
lot on W line of Collingwoo-i street, 245 a of Nine^
teenth, > 27:6 by W l'_>s; $10:
Edward O. Courell to Hattle J. Cotlreli: lor on N
line of Twenty-third street, 23:9 W of Diamond,
\V 23 by S ►<?>: gift.
ilaltie .T. Cottrejl to Otto Johnson, same: $10
Milton D. <-arrait to Henry D. Morton, re-record
of Ibb4, d. 390, lot on S line of Market street 60
SU of First, sx\ 60 by SE 80: $10.
H. D. and Clara P. Morton to Jacob C. Johnson
b\V°60 SE line of Market street. 60 SAY of First'
SU 60 by SE 80: $10. • '
Frederick.and Emeline Gutzkow to Hermann J
Meyer, lot on SE line of Market street, 365 SW of
Jriflh, SW 47:6 by SE 165: $10. ■•
Joseph and Mary a. Wells to Christina A. Cook '
lot on J?\\ corner of p. street and Twenty-ninth
avenue. W 32 : « by 100; $10. ,
A. L. and Elizabeth C. Tubbs to Real Estate and
Development .Company, lot on NW corner of
W V.'',V V . M M 'i,' Sll ; r '' H ', an<l 9«M»CtiCUt streets,
w 120:8, NE 344, hE 31, 8 318:9; also lot on \i
line of Connecticut ttreet, *J83:10 N of Twentv
secoml (Sierra), s 87:1, E 200, NW to beginning
i.iso 10L on N E corner ot Te < and Tweuiv-second
(Sierra, streets, 1-. 91:10, NW to a point 40 N of
Twenty-second, S 40; grant • c -
Heury and Anna C.Mohr to Nicholas Ohlandt,
loto:. k line ol Pennsylvania avenue, 125 s ot
Army street (Colusa), s 75 by E 100; also lot
on M. co.rner of Michigan and Army streets
(Colusa). E 100 byN 50; also lot on Saline of
Sixth avenue. South. 200 .\ \\ of m street \-\v
-100. by SW 100. block 123. Central Park iiome
iiw.'v\;'" ix i\ ou ■ X I!ne of Ki c»th avenue Booth.
bio'k i sa : :!,.r:Ti{?. soulhiXW 50 byNl^ ioo:
i^ 1 * J - *" rt .J''S'-phiiie Nolen to John L. Eckley,
wrNw'Mfe^r^ 8 *"- 10 Kof iowa - X
John L. and >»r»i, 1.. Fckley to Tubbs Cordage
< ompanv, lot on N lice of Twenty-second (Sierra)
street. 84:10 E.of lowa,*; 103, NW 214 SSB
SE 94; also let on NE line of Twenty-second
(Sierra) and lowa streets, E 200 by N 125 '• if 10
HF; A. and I>r ii t:! a S. -Berlin to Nicholas Ohiandt
&k" v ™f °' '' ldiana slreet 125 X OI Mann. N
to Oy r* 100; $10.
Tubbs Cocdacn Company to Potrero Land Im
provement company, lot E line of Minnesota
street. 140:2 S of Twenty-necoud (Sierra) S 55 -10
E 100, NW to beginning; also lot on NE corner of
rwenty-second (Sierra) and lowa v.treets, E 187.82.
NW to point 104:2 N of Twei,tj- cond. s 104-2
--aS z^^^ijs'^ur isierrai
bl^k79Se O v"ie?v. l -" rO "' IOtB 31 t0 35 '
HughMcCiary to Hugh H. Mcciary, lot on W
line of Andover street, 133 sof East avenue .s "5
by w 110. block b. Holly j'ark Tract Ilfu ',
ie a .WiNon u.G,.., r ,,. n. Si4sack,'loton w line
oi Bright street, 100.-- of Sargent, S 50. W "00 N
150. r. 176. 8 100. X 25. block 49,Yi,y Land Asso-
C lrll Ji l l , «r i v»-
James J. and Alice H. Fagan to American Bank
and rust Company, lots la to 35, fractional block
S3l,Case lract, sixt.,.,,:h and s.-veiueeutli ave
nues, N street and Case Tract: ijio.
Masonic Cemetery Association to Michael J
Balfe, lot 1, section 30, northern addition- $103
Same, to William Anderson, lot 75, Fountain
plat ; $55.
William Anderson to Vincent Bellman, same
(both transfers In one document); $56.
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
Mary L. Parsons to Frank silva, lot on X line of
Magnolia street, 160 S of Thirty-jourth. S 60 by F
133:3, Dlock 677, Watts Tract, Map 2, Oakland;
$5.
George Walker to Clinton Gurnee Jr., lot on NW
Jlne of Twenty-first avenue, 40 SW 01 -East Seven
teenth street, -W 30 by NW 100, block 36, San
Antonio, quitcialm deed, East Oakland* $450 '
Frank I>. and Carolyn M. HaifleM to Everett D.
Jones, lot on N line of 1 ake street, 455 E of Jack
son, F 70 by N 160, Bast Oakland; also
all Interest which may from any cause here
after accrue to owcer of above by reason of con
struction of boulevard around Lalc<- Merritt in and
:o strip of land lying between N boundary of above
and E and W boundary of said land and S bound
ary of said boulevard: $10,000.
Thomas A. and Alida B. Smith to Josephine F.
Bruguiere, lot on SW line of Central avenue
60.29 SE of Fountain street, SE 90 by SW 110,
beint> lots 3 and 3. block 99, s.itber Trust property,
map No. 1, Alameda, subject to mOTWCage; $10.
ThomasA. Smith to same, lot commencing at
the 8W corner of lo: 2, block 99. Bather Trust
property, thence sk 90, s\V 5.31, NW 90, NS
8.31 to beuinnin:.', block fl», Bather Trust property
map 1 . Alameda, quitclaim deed: $10.
Caroline E. Dwinelle 10 Columbus Rartlett, lot
on E line of Weber street. 115.08 S of San Antonio
I avenue, S 50 by E 100. AlameUa: $10.
Same to Charles A. Hooper, lot on W line of
Caroiine street. 15. 0H sol" sun Antonio avenue. S
60 by \V ](X, being portion of Encinal lark 'Iract,
Alameda: $10.
Marie EUlleganfby attorney) to Benjamin I'.nnes,
blocks U and il, aiUegasa Tract, map 8, Berkeley,
Ctiarles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Gus J. and
Mars I'aehtz. lot on S lin" of Addison siree;, 40 \V
of Eighth. W 'Ab by S 100, block 104, AllstOH
Iran. Berkeley; $5.'
Timothy Pai^e to H. B. Pinney, lots 14 and 22,
block A; also lot 1, block B: also lot 3, bio k C;
also lot MX. block E, Melrose siaiiori Tract, Urook
lyn Township; $10.
Charles and Elisabeth J. IM.'kett to Lizzie E.
Bat hurst, lo; on E line of Boston avenue. 100 s of
Chicago avenue, 8 50 by E 122, being lots S and 6.
block 1). revised map of Prospect Hill Tract,
Broodyn Township: $10.
Elena Amanda sdby et al. fo Edward A. I.iedel,
a strip 80 feet wide bordering upon ami lying NE
of the ne line of thai portion of the county road
ot San Leaadro to Haywardsat the point where it
is Intersected hy the NE line of aforesaid road,
thence NW ll.SS'.a (.-iiains, Eden Township, quit
claim deed: $.*>.
John Donahue to Eliza J. Classen, all interest in
the W half of section 15, Township 2 south, range
2 east, Murray Township; also Che N half of NW
quarter Of section 22 and NE quarter of NX unar
!>r of section 21, Township 2 south, range 2 east,
Murray Township, quitclaim deed; $2').
Gilbert I. ami l^illlnn Cortisa to A. J. Smithson.
lot ou E inn- 01 Campbell strce:. 28:3 Bof Four
teenth, s 26 by E 104. block 720-A, Oakland;
also lot 2, block 2109. Ahlen Tract at Temescal.
Oakland Township: $10.
A. L. WUley to John Meads, lot on NW corherof
Villa avenue i<ir «tri>«>O and Ninth street. W 100
by N 40, bein« lot 14, block 5, revised map of San
Pablo avenue Villa Tract, subject to a mort»;«£e to
the Home Security Building and Loan Association
forslooo, Oakland Township; $10.
C. H. UcUeorge to Alexander M. JefTress, lots 3
and 4, blot^k B, Lailmm Terrace, Brooklyn Town
ship; 91a.
J-'. W. and (Jertrr.de D. Van sicklen to Frank 11.
McCormick, lo: on N line of Buena Vista avenue.
9.' :ti s of Stanford street, W 46 by N i 147:6, Ala
in. 'iia; $10.
William and 11. E. Knox et al. (by commis
sioner) to John \V. Butler, lot 18. block O. lots 1,
4, 5, 9 and 10, block M, lot 1. block N. lot 2, block
L, all of blocks C and I), lots 1 to 4, 7 to 12, block
•J. lots 6 to 86, block F. lot 1. block E. all of block
11, all being in the Knox Tract, adjacent to Hay
wards, Eden Township; $18,015.
Bnilders' Contracts.
Elizabeth Pomeroy with T. Mcl.achlin, additions
and alterations to building On s line of Fifteenth
street, between Mission anil Howard: $2475.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BI'SIXESS OPFICEof theSau FranciscoCali^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
K39 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
ontil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Nin;h street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHUKCH NOTICES.
If^ 3 howard-st. MKTlliidisT EpTsCoI
'jrJS' pal Church, bet. Second and Third sts., two
blocks irom Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W.Case, D.1)..
pastor. Mr. Martin Schultz. musical director; W.
F. Gibson, Sunday-school superintendent. Hours
of public services, 11a. >f. and 7:30 p. m. Sunday-
schoolat 12:30. I'raver-meeting Wednesday even-
ing. Epworth League ti:.SO Sunday eveninsr.
Morning sermon by Kenneth Duncan. Evening
lecture by the pnstor, ''Wrecked in Crossing the
Bar: or story Of a Young Man From the coun-
try." Prelude on the Ross-Yorke controversy.
Pastor's residence, 212 Powell st.; telephone,
black 1131 : church telephone, black 961.
s£r3== SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
tsr-s^ Episcopal Church, corner Hayes and Buch-
anan sts. — Rev. John Stephens, paster: residence,
809 Balghtst. Preaching at 11 a.m. and 7:30 i-.m.
The pastor will preach at 11 a. m.. communion ad-
dress. "The First Leaf of the Vint." At 7:30
p. m., "A Plea for Orthodoxy." Sunday-school at
12:30 1-. m.,c. B. Perkins superintendent: worth
League service at 6:30 p. m. The public cordially
invited to all the services of tins church: seat's
free; ushers in attendance. Prayer-meeting
Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock.
jf^Sf i-lu.-T PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
Zb-& cor. Van Nessave. and Sacramento s;.— Rev.
Robiirt Mackenzie, D.D., pastor; Rev. Kdwin H.
Jenks. co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11
a. M : Mr. Jenks will preach al 7:30 p. If. Sunday- I
school at 12:45 p. m ; Young People's bociety bf
Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. m. Prayer-meeting
Wednesday evening at 7:45. All are "welcome to
these services. j
St^-S^- UNION -SQUARE FREE BAPTIST
l*"-**" Church (open communion), Bush st., near
Larkin— William N. Meserve, pastor, who will
preach morning and evening. March 1. Morning-
subject, "Spring Opening,". Evening. '.'A Happy
Condition.", -i'he sc-ng service will please atidele-'
vate. I'he Lord's Supper, to which all "Chris-
tians are invited, will be celebrated at the close. of
the mornim; service! '■•Sunrise meeting," 7 6" clock.'
Sunday-school a- 12:30; Juniors, 5 o'clock, and
Ende.ivorers at 6:30. . ' ; " - . ■* .- -J~ ■" •'
; SOTIOE.OK..MJ-rjJTI>G.!j,: . '. \
(ifjS" THE-.REBEKAH LODGES v v^ai"V, ■•
V»-^ of San Francisco; will give a J^gE^txi
literary entertainment and a leap-v-f-ar 3^B»tfy^fe
dance at odd Fellows' Hall. NATUR- v- w^*^. 1 -.
l>.\\ EVENlNG, "February 29,. 1596.. San Fran :
cjsco Canton No. 5, Patriarch Militant, will be--
present- in ful!4ress uniform.". " •'" ' ... -.".. ..
BrTSi ; COURT- DIANA OF iNi)Y.;pi-:'N'D-^>^.'
Ur^c? ent- Order of Foresters' meets • in V*?T '
Myrtle. Hall; ■= -Alcazar •' 'buiVding-; every SFA :
THURSDAY. I Fl'.Kl) Ml LLI- R, CYr/ • &Lji.y
fi^rS " THEXIBTH ANNiYr.I'.SARY UK/ -'
-Jr-^ the birth: of Robert Enaiiet wilK-be: V\ '
c-it -brateil on March 4 b.^- a grand n>usicalft^£rf .
and literaryentei'taiumejit .u'.nder tlie' aus--:***9r '
pices U:e Kni;bts of- ■ tho l':pd:-Braiicbat. Metro'
politan Temple. HnvM.M, kstee, cjiairmaji
Oration by HON. JOHN; k. FINERTY of Chl-
• agro. Reserved seats can .be. sepured at Deaay
Bros.' new store," 2(J Sixth st.. near. Market. "
jF^- To-THt I lUSH. P'h.oP.i.l-, ol- >a.n Z
O>sS Francisco— The Hon. John F. FIN- gfj. .
ERTY.of ciik-m«o. one of the most eloquentfr y^A
and patriotic speakers in th>- Dnited State's, *&w£*
and a life-long advocate' Of Irish nationality, will
deliver tOie oration oruhe 4th of March in,' Metro-
politan Temple onthe anniversary celebration of
the birth of KOBERT-EMMET. •■
Your earnest 'co-operation l-s cequpsted In order
to make the celebration worthy Qf him who sleeps
in a nameless grave, where nature alone spreads
above him her verdant covering. V <
■The distinguished abilities of JOHN F. VIN-'.
ERTYshoiild bean assurance' of a magnificent
demonstration of Irish patriotism on that occasion
Fraternally, °6 - <•<
• , KNIOHTS.OFTHE RED BRANCH.
Tr-^S A. O. H. OF A.^-THE JIKMIiEKSe^j.
'■>-*' Of trie Aneienf Ord-er of Hibernians V^ jf '
of the city and county of. San Frati'i-r are aS \\'77 •
hereby notified to sscmble at hf-ado.iiare^\\/( a
Ters, Hibernian 'Haft -I*J()' Ninth street iM«3r
SUNDAY. MORNING, :March I, at 7' o'clock,
thence .to new Cathedral for-the. purpose of com-
plying with article 14, se.ction, 1 of tho' constitu-
tion.- HisGracethe Archbishop "has kindly con-
sented to celebrate mass and preach on the occa-
sion. The usual uniform. badges and white gloves
will be worn. The penalty for non-attendaiice —
suspension. REV. p.- O. CROWLEY, Chaplain.
: „ . J.MANNVM;. C -Presid-i'tit .
• . M.H. MrCAFFERTY, Secretary.
jjPr^K= ,A.NNUALMEEMING— THE REGULAR
"fr--*? annual meeting of stock-holders of the Wes>
crn Beet Sugar Company will be held at the Office
of Ihe romuanv, 327 Market street, San Francisco,
Ca).. on MONDAY, the 2d day of Mardh, 1896, at
the hour of llo'clock a.m., for -tlie purpose of
ekctlng'a Board of Directors .to serve for the en-
,suing year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness us may come before the meeting. '= '""
1 ransfer, books will close on Saturday, February
29, 1896, at 12 o'clock m. ." - • ' ;
-i • .-- : . E. IL. SHELDON. Secretary.
"A' ; }; :k " S NEWS ■ FOR 5 CENTS- THK
j£r^_ KKK.LY CALL. In wrnnner. for mailing. " '
..: SPKCUL = NOTICES. ' :..':
Jt-^= BAD TENANTs^^E^rT?D^Folk^s47
Or^* collections made, city -or country- Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st.,'room6. Tel. 6580,
t^T* WINDOWS CLEANED AKU FLOORS
••*r^ , scrubbed; reasonable c .rates: payment for
carnages guaranteed. C. ROSSi&CO.. 24 Sut-ter.. 3
ijtqS* BKi OUTDOOR STEREUPTICON SHOW
-^J»' every night cor. M-arketann Sixth sts. ; artis-
tic advertfsements In "llviiijt light; promoters of
business. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1 140 Man:et.
ijJr^S= PROF. KNOTT. MAGNETIC HEALER
■J'-*^ and life-reader. 1077 Market st.
JPTjS* DR. ROSE. CLEVELAND RETURNED-
ft^p' Chicago baths; attdts. Rm. 21, 906 Market.
Jjf3S= MMX. lI A N SEN AND ASSIST ANT.->-
->>-<y Klcctrlc, vapor, salt Wiiterbatlis. 116 Taylor.
MTtIATIOXS WAMED-IKHAI.K,
C 1 KKMAN WOMAN WANTS .WORK BY THE
J day; washing, ironing, house or ollii-e cleanini;
or cbamberwork in boarding-house. Call or ad-
dress 612 Minna St.
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK AS RANCH
X cook; good butter-n.aker; best references;
state wages. R. E. JAMES, station B, Oakland. '
T ADY WISHES A SITUATION AS HOUSE-
i\J keeper or general housework. Call at 929
Mission si.
O ITUATION WANTED — GEKMAN WIDOW
O wishes to do general housework in small fam-
Uy; good cook. Address G. S.. box 6H, Call Oflice.
GTIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO DO UP-
VI stairs work and taking care of chiiaren. Call
1237 York st.
wTnted-position TO TAKE care of
" invalid or small children by a practical nurse-
substantial reference of physicians and public hos-
pital : city or country- Address MRS. M. J. ZANT,
83i Stevenson st. . '
GOOD SMART WOMAN OR GIRL FOR CHAM-
bcrwork : wages $15. Apply 8 Mason st.
RELIA P.LE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION-
J.t city or country: good cook, baker, and laun-
dress; : nationality Scotch; references. Call 419
Minua St., near Fifth. .: '
"OESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
XV ation to do washing, Ironing, etc. C*ll or ad-
j dress 405 V Uough Bt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1896.
ftrrCATIO>S WANTKD-Contlnn«<t.
QTRONG WOMAN WANTS TO DO WAsil-
I O ing, housecleaninu: $1 a day and carfare. ;Call
I .or address 21 1 /Sj Garden St., middle flat; open door
| and ring inside bell. .
I,MRST-CLaSS FITlEir. STYLISH DRAPKK
-T and designer, thorough dressmaker, by the day.
MISS WARWICK, 111 Grove st.
VOUKG GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
I- light housework: age 17; no objection to chil-
] dreu. Call 231 Eighth St., near Folsoni.
\'i>i WIDOW WiSHKS POSITION AS
-L housekeeper. 28 Sixth St., room 11.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
V>/ to do housework and cook 1024 Howard
St.. room 12.
"\rOUNG SWEDISH LADY DESIRES POSI-
-L tion as housekeeper. Apply 121 Montgomery
St., room 20, top floor.
ENTLEM EN 'S MENDING AND PLAIN
sewing. 28V« Sixth St., room 8.
\ N EDUCATED LADY OF REFINEMENT,
-iV speaking French fluently, a brilliant musician
and good amanuensis, desires position as compan-
ioon, either traveling or otherwise; goc-d nurse.
Address MRS. L. A. W., El Moute Hotel. sausalito.
euable WOMAN wimiks SITUATION!
pood cook and do light housework: will work
! for moderate wages: city or short distance in the
| country. 27 V 2 Fourth st., over the flower-store.
K EXPECTABLE ELDERLY LADY WISHKS
■ situation to do housework or waiting on the
I sick or keep house for widower with children. Call
j 1726 Eddy St., near Scott.
V 4" i DOW recenti.v'krom the state OF
" Maine desires a position as working house-
keeper, or will do sewing by the day. Call or ad-
dress 27 Taylor st.
npiIOROUGHLY COMPETENT 1) KEs S -
1 maker would like engagements by the day;
terms moderate. 1613 Larkin st.
1? NG LISH LADY. FIRST-CLASS PIANIST
-LJ and accompanist, desires to travel with a good
concert party. Address MME. LOUISE, Post-
ollice. Sausalito. •
VOUXGLADY WISHKS SITUATION TO DO
-L chamberwork; no waiting. Call or address D.
S., 113 Fourth st., bet. 10 and 11 a. m.
VOUXO GIRL WOULD* LIKE A PLACE TO
-I do light housework and plain cooking. Call at <
26y 2 Hayes st.j
BY RESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRL FOR.
genera', housework. Call 432 Clementina.
ASTERN WIDOW WOULD LIKFfpOSI tToN
J bh housekeeper. Call 28^ Sixth st., room 12.
YOUNG SPANISH LADY WANTS POSITION '
-»- aa housekeeper. Apply 120y g Geary, rm. 15.
/ tOODCOOK WANTS SITUATION; WILL DO
VJ washing and ironing in small family: no ol>-
jection to the country; small wages. Call or ad-
dress 867 Mission st.
\'. IDDLE AGED LADY WISHES TO ASSIST
___!" a small family : wages, $12. Call 405 Turk.
MIDDLE-AGED AME R ICA N LA D V W ISH ES
situation as housekeeper for widower; «oori
cook.- no objections to children. 829 Stevenson
st., off Tenth.
GENTLEMEN'S MENDING NEATLY DONE
at room 22, 105 Stockton st.
1 > EFINED FRENCH LADY . P( I-
Jl tion as cook in private family; can cook either
Ireiuli. Spanish, Italian or American style. Re-
fer to 800 Union st.
| O WEDISH GIIU. WISHES SITUATION TO DO
O general housework in a family ot 2 or 3 grown
I persons. Call or address 1631 Fulton s;.. city.
WIDOW WITH A CHILD WISHKS
J. work as housekeeper in San Jose. Apply MRS.
HAGAN, Halfmoon Bay, San Mateo County, Cal.
"IyiNCHESTEK HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. Nit.
" Market; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 50 per nigh:;
f 1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and resj*ctablo;
■ Jree bus to and irom the ferry.
I SITING GOVERNESS, AN EXPERI-
> enced teacher holding Eastern certiilcates, de-
sires pupils in history, literature and piano. V. G.,
box 104, Call.
MILAnO.Si V.  nviJ-jl.U.h.
1> c. G. cook's^oTTsX-Pplies^cooksTaTX
J- . branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant 46.
UNTKR & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment otlice, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacrtruento; tel. 231.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Slitter: lei. Gram 30.
i CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J otlice; best help. 414Vb O'Farrell; tel. E. 428.
yOU.Mi rKISHMAN, 20 YEARS OF AGE,
A would like situation about private place; un-
derstanda care of horses and cows. Address G. 11.,
box 61. Uail Ullice.
\\r a r E 1 1 WORK BY meat and pastry
'» cook. Call or address WILLIAM MACk, 325
, Minna St., near Four.b.
V PAINTKR; can ESTIMATE AND WORK
In every branch: has complete outfit; shares,
shop, private party or public Institution; city or
country. Painter, box 76, Call oflice.
pOACHMAN, ENGLISH, MARRIED, WHO
\J thoroughly understands his business: also care
of garden and cows: willing about place; tirst-class
references. Address Coachman, 2426 Buena Vista
aye.", Alatneda. Cal.
UTTER-MAKER. 5 YEARS' EXPERIENCE;
separator and engine; good milker. Address
B. M., box 68, Call otlice., ;'-.
SrrrATi.i.v "wanted as assistant
bookkeeper, saiesjiiaji or driver; of delivery
wagon; 6 years' general pcjperiehce m this city-;
refere.nce furnished if required. Address E. U..
bei 26; Call (Hce. ■ -. ' ".: ' ■_.
' ■ .VKUKNKH. FIRST-CLASS .'REFERENCES;
• -AJ- Eastern and California '■xjierience, wishes pri-
. vate plaee"nr f/ifeman iii hUrsery: present employer
■ in-city: "Address'G. HUBNER; 216 Hayes st. ■:
fQ I "ATION- .WANTED— (JKUMA.V, iil-.NER-
k3 ally usq.fulVundersta.nus horses, good-gardener,.
rah m.ijk-'clt'- references; moderate wage* -Aa-
•dress P-'^i., 624 Twelfth St., Oakland." .-. •
MA NA N I ) ; W 1 1' E . A S I', ! •11. X li A N COOK,
. housekeep't'r or -maid-seamstress! both first
: "class; highest t'eattmontalß; country preferred, 8.,
box-^4, fall Office. .-; ." ; ". ■: •'. .
\i'. AN lUATION AS LIGHT -TEAM-.
•'•■ster- or- (lt-l.ive'ry wagon;, thorouuhly uhder-
■ stands:t"he"care.of horses; can stable 1 or 2 horses
. on premises (f- required; goori references can be.
n\\tu. Apply Teamster, .box B,;CaH. .'
IJH YJSICIA.N. REGULAR/WITH ST AT E
x •lie e'nse, wants eroployrnentor will travel or do
business"' with any responsible parties. Adurt-ss
Physic, box 98. Call.
ENGINEER, 21. j'EARS' EXPERIENCE,
strictly sober and competent, will give 10 to
any one that will secure him a situation; references
from large city tinu. Addr. ss E., box 72, this ollice.
yoU.NH GERMAN DESIRES A SITUATION
X to make himself generally useful on private
place; n/nlrrstands care of horses and ghrden'
.good references. Address H. 11.. box 41. this office.
- DTIiONG BOY OF 14 AV'ANTS ( ili'ic OF
O any kind: understands cows and ranch work.
Address Y. V., bo- 7, Call. /
GE AN ; YO UNG MAN WITH KXPERI-
ence wishes position in custom tailor store.
Address E. M., box 76, Call <jiii<^'. .
I OELIABLE, STEADY YOUN(J MAN WANTS
] It situation around private place; will do general
! hffusework and attend to horse and garden. Call
or tress E.MILE, F. MILLER, New Atlantic
Hotel.' ■ • . *
B~~Y YOUNG M A S— COM XSTTeNKR
wishes situation; references if required. Ad-
dress w. C, box 79, this office.
SITUATION WAJS'TED BY YOUNG EAST-
O em man as grocer's clerk; aged 18 and had
plenty of experience. Address P. P., box 88, Call.
AN FROM THE EAST- WOULD LIKE TO
get place in creamery; experienced: can make
" butter on machine. Call or address 518 Ninth si.
Ur POSITION 'AS ' CLKRK IN KE-
'" tail store by young man of good habits; good
situation more an. object than wages. A<ldress G.
S-, b0x. 15, Call Ollice. ._.
|>0Y.15 YEARS LIVING WITH PA R-
• l> ents wishes to learn a trade. Address C. X.,
box 24, Call Omce. . . '; ;
V"OUN_a s WE f)E WISHES SITUATION AS
X coachman, take care horses; Jl5 ve«rs' experi-
ence; best of reference.- Address Swede, box 92,
Call Office." "•• • , ;. • .:.-.•
1 T UAI'J 1 1 S~~W ASTEB BY ' GERMAN A D
O .wife-, without childr™, to take care of a ranch
or to work on" -a private place; man un,derstaidn
all kinds of ranch or private work; wife good
cook. Address J. RATHGEBiiR,.Napa, Cal.. -
• / J ardener,-..coacjiman, good milker;
•VT desires work In private household; good refer-
ences. Address G. W., box HH, Call Oflice/ ■
, \UANTED-POSITION AS MANAGER OF
*» fruit or stock. ranch; understands Rhippmg
and drying thoroughly;- Irrigation a specialty; can
haitdle stock on ranch and range; best of refer-
ence given .and required. Addresi F. G., .box 24,
'all otlice. '• g ,". "
. . FtUIALK ilKLl* VVAJSTJSp". ~
Uf A NTED-FREl?Cll7^6]crs^2T;T'rßMXN
»» cooks, $25; German second and sewing, i2O;
German nurse, $15; 8 girls fop housework, $20.
LEON ANDRE,- 316 Stockton. ■
pooK, 2 IN family, $ao: german cook,
KJ $Sf>: laundress. $30: housework girl, San Luis
Obispo, $25: Sonoma. $20; Oacland, $25; and
other towns; 12 housework girls, city ami country
$20 and 925; 6 youns girls, assist, SlO-to *15.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutters:.
piIAMI'.ERMAID, COUNTRY, *25rOERMAN
yj or Scandinavian nurse, $25. MISS CULLEN.
323 sutter. '
( \ ' M,'i N^^Fn** (i l ß~l7*T2~g^od~ place".
VJ MISS CULLEN. 323 Suiter st.
H°C^ENf3 23 G s 1 u K tlertt KJZONA 930. MIHB
CLLLEN, 32a Sutter st.
NEAT GERMAN OR NWEDISH lIOUSE-
JOrt girl, $25; 2ln family. MISS CULLKN,
WV^^F-!^' 1 AUHU ' D ' * 12 - miss ctri^
» > LEN, 323 Sutter st.
OUSEWORK GIRL, 2 IN FAMILY, »loTnO
wash. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter
YyAITRESSES. $25 AND $20; GERMAN OR
»» Swedish second girl,S2s. MISS CULLEN. 323
Sutter st. .' ■ .'. /:. . '
OA HOUSEOIRLS, 20 AND $25; CHAMBER-
**\> maid waitress, near city, $15; German
second girl, $20; and others. ' C.R. HANSIiV ,t
CO., 110 Geary st. --' - * *
HOTEL CHAMBERMAID, ; SHORT T)Ts-
- tance from city, $20; chambermaid assist
waiting, country hotel, $20; German cook, private
family, country, $20: young girl assist waiting,
$10; and others. At MURRAY ,fc KEADY'S 634
Clay st. . ',■ :Z
HELP. WAXTKD-Contlnned.
vy anted - c7Tamb"ermaTd! AlfsTiPr
»» waiting, couniry hotel, $20; laundress and
chambermaid, $25; German or French second
Kirl a d nursery governess. $25: 4 cooks in Ger-
man and American families, $25 and $30; restaur-
ant cook, $7 to $10 a week : neat girl for house-
work, small family, sl>s- 3 experienced girls on
paper boxes. J. F. cROSETT it CO., 31i: sutter.
9> IRONERB FOX COUNTRY HOTEL LAUN-
— drj-, $25 and $30; hotel laundress, $25; cham-
bermaid and waiting, $18. R. T. WARD & CO.,
010 lay st.
WAITRESS, CITY HOTEL, P2O. HOTEL
Tf GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
/Serman GIRL FOR • CHILDREN and
J*J chamberwork. Apply 517 Devisadero St., bet.
9 and 12. vl ' - - - .
/^IRL FOR HOUSEWORK; small family.
V-* 40:-i Laurel st. ; take Sucramento-st. cars.
"YOUNG GERMAN GIRL TO LOOK AFTER
x children. 2516 clay st.
YOUNG GIRI7FOR".SECOND WORK; WAGES
•'- $16. Call from 10 to 12, 2597 Howard St., nr.
Twenty-second.
GIRL OR MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTED
vJ for general housework. 116 Waller st.
"yOUNGGIRL FOR HOUSEWORK:. WAGES
X $6: preferred. 409 Leavenworth st.
GIKL TO PLAY WITH ONE CHILD; SLEEP
home: wagea $7. 1620 Ellis st.
W ANTED — LADY CANVASSERS FOR A
J ' tood selling article. Apply 402 i/ 2 Geary St.
WANTED— A MATRON FOR AN ASYLUM
" where there are about 200 children. Appli-
cants lire requested to send name, age, former oc-
cupation and present residence, with recommenda-
tion and references, to Templar, box 66, Call Office,
San 1-rancisco, Cal., by Monday, the 2d day of
Also, by the same institution, an overseer to
oversee boys out of school hours and do general
work. Send name, age, former occupation, present
residence, references and recommendations as
above. Templar, box 66, Call Office.
\y A NTED— WET NURSE FOR BABY 2
*» months old. Apply DR. RICHTER, 614
Geary, at noon any day except Sunday.
pOMPETENT GIRL, GENERAL HOUSE-
V. work, assist baby. _>215 Bush. 9to 12.
("IOMPETISNT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
\J work. 1808 Larkin st.
OPERATORS ON FLANNEL OVERSHIRTS
\J and underwear. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 321-2
1-remontst. .
ry lIX ART OF CUTTING DRESS WAISTS,
X without any seams, taught a;, 28y 3 Sixth st.
AIRDRESSING, i!sc; MANICURING, 25c;
10 lessons in class, $1. 131 Post St., room 20.
j \ RESSMAKERS AND GIRLS TO LEARN
XJ quick method of cutting. fitting and finishing;
new styles patterns, 25c up; families supplied with
dressmakers. McDowell Academy. 213 Powell.
A PPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
-■rv tingand making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights In very room: 200
rooms; 25c 10 $1 50 per nieht; $1 50 to $6 per
week: f'^e bus to and irom the ferry.
H OROUGH COURSE "IN MILLINERY
-» taught: will prepare pupils to take position.-) this
spring. MISS ALICI»HAAKE, 121 Post, rm. 46.
AIRDRESsING, 250 AND 35c: MORNING
and eveclasses; 10leasons,$l 50. 1248 M ission.
AWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DREbS-
eutting BChool. 1231 Market st..bet. Bth and 9th.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Thl>-d st,, near Market:
200 rooms: 25c 10 $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
m-eK : IP'- h:is to and irom the ferry.
*JALK HELP WAMED.
l\r .\ n I ED-NEAT WA I 1" E R FOP. FlßsT-
' » class lunch house, $35 ; good ranch cook, $26;
also tanners, milkers, woodsmen and laborers.
W. I>. EWER A- CO., 626 I lay st.
MACHINIST, COCTNTRY ; BLACKSMITH,
country shop, $l' 50 a day. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 110 Geary st.
OWAMPER FOR THE WOODS, $45 AND
kj board: 2 crosscut sawyers who can file saws,
S4O and board; vegetable gardener, $25. C. R.
HANSEN «v CO., 110 Geary st.
\y iNDOW - cleaner AND DO indoor
" work for an institution. $30: wairer, country
hotel. $25. C. R. IIANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
"1 A LABORERS TO DIG DITCHES ON A
j ■L\J ranch: 5 scraper teamsters: farmer and wife, I
$30: 5 woodchoppers, $1 35 a cord. MURRAY' A
READY, employment agents, 634 Clay st.
"PANTRYMAN AND PORTER, $20 AND
X found: Ironer, St. Clair machine, $30; dish- |
washers, coo'<s, waiters, etc.; man to tend h*r and i
play piano. MURRAY & READY, employment
agents, 634 (lav si.
WANTED— 3 AMERICAN MINERS, $2~50
»» per day; nurseryman, 30 and found and in-
crease; choreman, milker and butter-maker, small
dairy, $20; woodsmen, $26; cook, private boaru-
ing-house, $40: restaurant cook, country, $25; bar-
keeper and wait r. country, .$25; and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento «<t.
WANTED — COOK, RESTAURANT. »1S A
" week; cook, small chophousf, $30; Italian or
Swede to clean windows, etc., $1 a day. LEON ,
ANDRE. Siock on st. • . _ ■
<y HEWERS TO (JET <">nf~ RAILROAD TIES;
— $26 and board; man to contract to sink 150-
-foot shaft; restaurant cook, $35: boarding-house
cook, $25. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay.
HEAD lOOK, if 11 WEEK, ROOM, ETC..
' call early: piano-player, country, faie paid;
machinist for lumber company. MARTIN'S Em-
•ployment Acency.,749 Market st.
WANTED— A FEW GOOD MEN FOR
'» sealers and whalers: apply immediately. 1
■MORDAUNT &■ CO., 225 Clay ■ • |
.-"pAINTER HAYING -GOOD TRADE AND
X shop wants partner similarly situated. Partic-
ulars'S.. box 19. Call- Office.
pbo'K— tJOOD MEAT AND PASTRY COOK i
\J- and dishwasher at Boarding Kitchen F, In- I
gleside Track; call mqrnln-g".
" t NOVELTY TO SEE: ONE 'OF OUR DEAF
1\ mntes, Mr. D. M.. Love, lately from instl-
tution for: the dfaf and. blind at Be-rkelfy;"is now
working at 107 2 Fifth' St.; he is Industrious aud a
'Hrst-tlass barber. '• ; - • ,
' W-ANI'ED— MEN .TO GO WHALING. aF-
»» ply at once atrL. LEVY'S Clothing Store, cor- !
ncr Hailery and Jackson sts.
WANTED— FOREMAN BAKER; HTTBT BE i
'» first-class on milk and home made; references. !
223 Sixth st. . . •
"XPERIENCED CLOTHING CUTTER FOR '
i wholesale house, C. F., box 67, thU office.
ANTED— BRIGHT 1 "YoUNG MAN AS I
I »» salesman in a domestic department; also a !
I young man with knowlidgeof dry eoods to act as i
assistant window-trainer. Apply to WEINSTOCK- !
LUBI.N CO., 523 .Market si., be.. 3 and 6 p. M.
BARBER. APPLY 478 SEVENTH ST., NEAR
Broadway, Oakland, call Sunday a. m.
AHIIKK WANTED FOKSATURDAYEVEN-
inir and Sunday. 105 Fourth st.
IJARBER WANTED: SATURDAY EVENING
1> aud Sunday: $3. 122 Seventh st.
ARBER TO-DAY'; WAGES $3; BOARD. 412
Folsom st. '
ARIIER SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. 40G
Napast., Potrero: Thlrd-st. cars.
|>ARBER FOR SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
!-> 872 i/ Howard st.
ARBER WANTED; SATURDA YAM) SUN-
-*■■> day; bring tools. 1741 Mission st.
BARBER FOR WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY
and Sunday: steady. 1317 Stockton st.
"L) ARBER FOR SATURDAY. 32 THIRD ST.
OOD BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUN-
day no other need apply. 133y 2 Ninth st. .
berT FIRST-CLASS, FOR SATURDAY':
■$3. 809 Bryant st. '
WANTED — BARBER; STEADY EMPLOY-
»' ment. 757 Howard St., SF. •
G" OOD CARPENTER TO WORK IN EX-
cbange for room and board. 922 Post st.
GOOD STA IN ER WANTED^ CALL HAMP-
■ shire St., nenr Twenty-second. •'■'".
\y ANTED — SHOEMAKER ON REPAIRS.
TT Apply 525 Laguna st. '
WAITER WANTED. 407 MASON ST.; AP-
T T ply 8 -O'clock. ' ■ •
J)A PER-H ANGER WANTED. CALL 1165
. Market st., half-past 7 o'clock. .
W A NTED-SE AMEN ; ORDINARY SEA AND
TT green hands for deeo-water voyages, whaling. !
Apply 117 Urumin, upstairs. PETER McMAHON |
TVTOTICE— HOTEL. RESTAURANT AND
xx saloon men: The only place in town to get re-
liable help in all branches, as cooks, barkeepers
• and waiters, free of charge, is at 14 Mason st.
Please give a call and be convinced. pSCAR
IIOCKS, proprietor, 14 Mason st.
BARBERS, a FTEXTION— TO LET, Al SHOP;
low rent. 406 Castro St., junction Market and
Seventeenth.
W A NTKD—t, AN VASSERS FOR A LARItE
TT printing establishment; must understand giv-
ing tigures: none but competent persons need "ap-
ply. Address J.. box 48, this office.
\ y a N X E D -GOOD BUTCHER AS PARTNER,
TT wlio understands taking charge of shop; $100
capital required. Apply 333 Bush St., Olymp
Saloon, from 9 to 4. ■ . ■■
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
i-' 3<l and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c
touOc; woeksl to $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention. to morning calls; open all night.
EN'S V2-SOLING 50c: LADIE->' 40c; DONE
whtle.you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
ARBER WITH- 1 OR 2 YEARV KXPE-
rience; state wages. Address C, box 3, Call.
SEAMEN FOR EURO lE, SOUTH SEA
Islands and Alaska. 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
\y ANTED — COaTMAKERS. J. SMITT, 675
tt Market st. .. . .: . ..
DO NOT FORGET TO "DO AS YOU WOULD
J-/ be done by," and come and see: half-soled In
15 minutes, while you wait; all repairing done
by machinery all repairing at half price; work !
guaranteed. 062 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
WANTED— MEN AND LADIES TO LEARN I
tt barber trade: only 8 weeks required; tools i
given and wages paid for Saturdays and Sundays;
catalogues, a. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard st.
ANTED— MINER FOR YUKON GOLD
field as partner. W. M., box 64, Cal!.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
' T HAVE A GOOD BUSINEB3 'PROPOSITION
Jr,, l maketo a man willing to inves $1000 or
i $2000. Address C. H., box 149, Call Office. "
IJ EST MEAL ON A RTH WELL COOKED- 8
JJ courses. 10c, at >cattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission,
i LL CLERKS SEEKING POSITIONS AS
FT al , men copyists, bookkeepers, etc.. call Com.
Clerks' Bureau, 7, Flood biding, 809 Market.
li ARBERS' PROTECT I V^ N lON EMPLOY-
< JJ inent secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
"13 ARBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
-L> retarr Barbers' sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCH3.
IJARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
ment. Sec'j-, P. C. Hamann, 238i/jj O'Farrell.
ELCHO HOUSE," 863^ "MARKET "ST-
XJ Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c night; $1 to $3 week.
TUEW AND SECOND-HAND 6HOES FROM
-LT 2oc up; men's, half soles, 40c. 9b9 Howard st.
VV HAT CHEER HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
on Bt -: grooms; best in the city- single rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c7
UORTHE BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
* x try I3i/ 8 Grant aye.; <;offee a specialty.
500 JIE , N TO GET A FINE MIITISH, DU-
<J\J\J rable calf shoe to order. $2 50. 9j9 Howard.
©"I TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS-"
*iP-*- large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
KOSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
__£0c to 50c night; $1 10 $4 week: open all night.
"WANTED-MKCHANICS, ciTeiTk's. 1.ABOR-
}»» ers to call if they do not receive iust dues-
law and commercial collections; no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 1 10 Sutler st.
\VT ANTE D-LA EfJRE RS~a"n D^IECH
. « to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third it.- 150
large rooms: 25c per night; 51 to $3 per weelt.
WINCHESTER 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
tt Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night: readlnj-
rooni: free bus to and from the ferry.
1 ( \f) MEM TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
£>Yvir and 20c a night, Including coSee and rolls.
624 \\ ashington st., near Kearny.
IJEST IN CIT /-SINGLeTrOOMS, 15, 20 AND
TrJ2 ( S ntS Pe' nigbt - fi » l 25, *1 60 p«r weefc
■Tactile House .Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
Yy NTED— M EN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
'» steam beer. sc; bottle wine. 6c. «09 Clay st.
1, REE BEER-TWo SCHOONERS FOX sc;
X alsoabottl tof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
TRY ACME HOLSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
-I- low Sixth, for a room : 25c a night: $1 a week.
ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
»t week; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Cl'ai- st.
AGENTS WANTED. .
V^^oLTcTiTNTTT^^ A
J fraternal order; good pay. 615 Van Ness aye.
T? IN E IDELINESFORCOMMERCIALTRAV-
x elcrsdirec,: manufacturers. 67 Chron. bldg.
- KOO.U>» WAJ»TJ£I>.
"KA^l^ullNTsllE^^O^rO^r^R^fEAß
V' Sutro railroad. C, box 131, this ollice.
/COMFORTABLE ROOM OR SMALL SUITE;
V^ sunny and good location: can give references
If required. A»'dre<g Merchant. lx»x 16. thisollice.
wantei>-jiiscellam;ous.
Tv^^^-^^^r^RAT^ Anjocif-
t » LERE, Capital House, 537 Sacramento st.
TH 080 ITGHB RED GREAT DANE PUPS
J- wanted; must be cheap. 17 Hyde st. .
ECV)ND-HAND 4 TO 6 DEEP WELL PUMP,
windmill and tank. ' 610 Hampshire st.
\\r ANf E D- YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
tt repairing: best worlc at half the. regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st.. third floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AN 1 > JEW
k^ elrv 10 A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postal.
fcl> li LA T I OJS Ah.
A N E^CpToliiiENT^rTlXNlsT^TTrVErs^Est
xl sons; $2 60 a month: special attention adult
beginners. 859 Mission st.
ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT; PRIVATE
or class; moderate. MISS DILLON, 305 L«rkin.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRA-
-1»1 mento— Board. English. French, German,
piano: $30 month; kindergarten uuder new man-
agement; coach.
NGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS, ENO-
Hsn literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON.
724 O'Farrell st.
LOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSARTE. PHVSI.
cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE HOFF
SCHROEDKR. 299 Hyde St.; call after 1 p. m.
TOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVED. 82
O Ninth st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
GUITAR. MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION bookkeep-
X Ing, shorthand, etc Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
ELASCO*B LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING-
X* Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
On stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
kJ chanical engineering, surveying, architecture
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
VT IOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
T taught. Prof. L. MERKI. 225 Geary :reasonab!i
PaNISH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Melsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farreil st
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST. '
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand, i
: typing, electrical engineer.' ng, telegraphy, modern
! languages rapidly taught. Write tor catalogue.
NIGHT SCH OOL ; H E ALD'S S. Co LLEG E -.24
X> Post: commercial, shorthand. English: low rar
i "VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA-
| T sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1045y Valencia.
pHEMISTRY* AND ASSAYING. CUNNINO-
V^ ham's Schooi,: .or. Gparv srid Powell s is.
lIKDIUAL. :_• . v
DR. Jrif?T~JOSSELYN; THIT GREAr "sPE-
cialtst, still offeTs his" valuable -services to ihe
! unfortunate. With a mind matured and enriched
j by studies of an advanced order^there is hardly a
I disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
: treat to a perfect cure. His knowledge has been
! strengthened by extensive experience. Ladirs, no
; case peculiar to your delicate organism is beyond
! his sure control. His female monthly remediesure
' sure and safe in their effects. His tried and valu-
! able remedies for lost manhood are never failing in
! their action and warranted for both young and old.
j He excels all others iti the cureof private diseases.
j Over 50 'years of practice enables him to warrant a
j cure in all cases. ConsultaH&u parlors. 1320. Mar-
ket St., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall. Direct all iet-
ters to box 2275. „• • ". °= „ °
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU
inenls or worthless pills used; 'every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat.
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
If you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
, physician iknowledge can be sent and used at home;
] aJU cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
"I ADIES-CniCHESTER'S , ENGLISH PEN-
JU nyroyal Pills (Diamona Brand) are the. best:
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. '. stamps for
particulars, ''Relief for Ladies," in letter by return
mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia, Pa.
ADIEB. CO.VSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT.
■i 216 i'owell St.; only qualitied specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of t-he eye treated
ll" female irregularities re-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
• any time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
tineine t: French pills euaranleed: consult free
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post st., Larkin.
LESSINGTO LADIES SUFFERING FROM"
lemale troubles peculiar to their sexes; our
treatment never fails to cure a single case: beware
of frauds; come direct to Woman's Dispensary. 14
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank; consult free
DR. and MRS. DA VIES; home In confinement;
French Female Pink Pills. : '
CZEMA. RHEUMATISM. ASTHMA; HAIR
XJ grown on bald iieads. and other chronic diseases
treateaby W. H. DHUHE, at 1207. Market street,
rooms 2 and 3; German spoken. .
A~ HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE;
housekeepins apartments: strjetlv private.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda. •
ALPEAUS FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
xV ladies troubled with Irrecu arities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD 8R05.,. Oakland, Cal. -
M~~ RS. AND DR. HERWIG, PRIVATE CON-
tinement home: good care and attendance;
I prices reasonable. 710 Ellis s:. ',•'. ■
D~ R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
Diseases of women and children.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity In one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients: best skill;
medical attendance: low fees: regulator, S-j.
1370 Market. . -
T A DIES — DATJDET'S FEMALE KEOI'U
XJ ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fail-
sl per box. WIDBER'S dru»storo, 14 Ellis St.,
lormerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS^
eases, from whatever cause; a home In con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
■nteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turt st.
RS. DR. WEGENEK; "PRIVATE HOME IN
i»J confinement; irregularities cured in a few
tours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
IV IRREGULAR OK ANY FEMALE DISEA9B
■cc Mrs. Dr. Puetr. and be content. 254i/fr 4th. {
STOKAOE
A^pirY^oTßT^^^"oTrST^^N7TTul^Nif
±\. ture, etc. SHIREK <fe SHIREK, 747 Market.
A MERICAN FURNITURE CO., 1127 MAR
'■£*■ ket: storage at lowest rates. 'Phone Mint 32.
rp ;H. ROONY. 722 . MISSION— STORAGE AT
-L • reduced rates: basement storage,sl 50 per load
TORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC
R. F. OSBORN ifc CO.. 751 and 753 Market st.
I TORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS. HOUSE-
O hold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE. 735 Market st.
ILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARK ET-
: »» Storage; low rates; telephone South 762.
— - YSICIANS. ~
EM O V ED^DR? c7^C^DONN < ELir t TO " 1206
Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
DR. A.DX LUCIS,PHYSICN-SURGEON,ROY> I,
University Turin.ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Marict
CHANCES.
LIVERY iSTABLE FOR SaTeT^STAB^
J lished thirty years, consisting of horses, car-
riages, buggies, rockaway, harness, robrs. etc.;
healthy stable; 100 stalls; cheap rent; no reason-
able offer refused: old age cause of selling.
LYXCH <fc CO.. {135 Market.
NAP— GROCERY AXD BAR DOING GOOD
O business; owner leaving city. LYNCH Jt CO.,
935 .Market.
rpO BUY. SELL OH EXCHAXGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind see STRA Nl> it CO., 45 Third st.
<3i^O BUTCHER-SHOP; CUTS UP THREE
<$pOO\J. cattle per week: two horses, wagons,
cash register, safe, icebox, etc.; clears $100 per
month. ST RAN & CO. 45 Third st.
ffl» 99 X G ROCE R V AN I) ifATJ WITH 4
<S>^.^jO. rooms: full value. STRAND. 45 Third.
<n»7X CIGAR-STORE: BARGAIN IF SOLD
<I? 10. to-day. STRAND, 45 Third st.
C>l>A7i RESTAURANT: RECEIPTS $25
<p<->UW. per day. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
O X I i S>. LO O N A N I) LUXCH HOUSE;
tj[>'iij''. thousands of mechanics employed in
neiu-hhorliood; large and constantly increasing
trade: partnership disagreement cause of selling;
full value. STRAXD & CO., 45 Third st.
<3t9A00 GROCERY; ACROSS THE BAY;
«JT VJUI/ . house and lot Included; old-estab-
lished; good trade. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
<£» 99X BRANCH BAKERY: 3 ROOM*!;
fSAZdO. bargain. STRAND & CO., 45 Third St.
cq7f; 1 $375. I
<iDO I O. $375. :
j RESTAURANT NKaK TRANSFER POINT.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
! $9900 FARTNEB IN PLUMBING AND
j *jp— _UU. gaslitting business: full line steel
and cast-iron ranges, laundry stoves and broil-.
ers; invoice $6000; established 20 years. STEN-
BERG COMPANY, 632 Market st.
I fl^^O RESTAURANT; BEST LOCATION:
I t\TI*JU\J. established 15 years; newly fitted up:
receipts $25 daily. STENBERG C 0.,633 Market st.
at q En corner GROCERY; LIVIXG-
tSr^iOyJm rooms: only store within 4 blocks: rent
$12; present owner 'i years: suitable for man and
wife. STEXBERG CO., 632 Market st.
OS/100 SALOON .WINEHOUSE: 2 DOORS
rff"O:V\/. of Kearnyst.: take part cash; balance
time. S BERG & CO., 632 Market St.
(2? I l\(\ LIGHTmJSINESS; RUN BY SAME
«ip.LtJV. people 2 years: cash trade: easil ■■• man-
| aged: clears $20 per week; suitable for two ladies
or man and wife: a decided bargain; must be bold
at once. STANLEY, 9 Geary st.
4fc '-£ '"^0 CORNER SALOON: BUSY STRKET;
»JT«-<'"v/. cheap rent; old-established and making
money. CULVEk & COLTON, 906 Market St.
£»££{*}, CORNEB SALOON; CLOSE TO
'fpVJijyj. Chronicle building; elega-it bar fixtures,
cash register, etc. ; large stock of liquors; greatest
bargain. Call 533 California St., Phcenix bar.
til; 7 A C( 7R N ER GROCERY AND BAR
•IP I i.J\J. with living-rooms; good bar trade; cash
custom; low rent: In very best location; rare
chance. Particulars 533 California st,, Phoenix bar.
PARTNER IX WHITE ENAMEL LETTERS
J and siKH business: small capital required; trial
given. 15a Montgomery aye.
01; (t Tv (\ CORNER BAR WITH CIGAR-
tip\JV\J. stand; clubrooms eleifantly fitted up;
low rent; 1 block norih of Market st. Particulars
533 California st., Phcenix Bar.
T?OR SALE— MY RESTAURANT; I HAVE
-I o:hpr business. Apply ,1416 Howard or 2831
Sixteenth st.
OR SALE— GOOD BAKERY; GOOD REASON
■L 1 for selling. Apply this office.
ADY WANTS A PABTNER; NO CAPITAL
required. 1004 Market st., room 1.
SMALL MOB N I NG AND EVENING ROUTES,
dally papers. Ap. 6to 7 p.m., 1713 a Buchanan.
I^OR SALE— BUTTER, EGGS, CHEESE AND
honey route; clearing $200 per month; all
iirst-cla^s family trade; full investigation allowed.
Address MRS. E. S.. box 39, Call Office.
"DESTAUKANT MEN ATTENTION— I WANT
J v to re.nt a restaurant with privilege of buying
| after investigation. Address Business, box 135,
- Call Orace.
Kestac AXD bakery for sale;
newly fitted up; owner going In other business-
price .$5OO. 49 Second St.; no agents.
"LHIR SALE CHEAP— CORNER GROCERY
X fan.l bur. Apply 210 Fifth st.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE BUSINESS;
niust sell account sickness. Apply 442y:> 9th.
•L' I B ST-CLA-S LIQUOR >TORK FOR SALE;
X cheap. 650 Sacramento St., off Kearny.
BAKERY, VARIETY AND CANDY STORE";
between 2 schools. 1407V<s Folsom st.
WA~NTED— TENANT FOR THE McMAHON'
»" House in llollister: very favorable lease to
right party: furniture, carpets and fixtures at half
price. Apply to THOMAS McMAHOX, 628 Mar-
ket st.
(JIJh.OO OLD-ESTABLISHED CYCLE- NT-
«IP«J'"". Ing business; good-stock machines; sea-
son just commencing; exceptional chance to good
man. JONES, box 146, Call Office.
ARE t HANCE— FOR SALE A ROAD HOUSE
near Hay wards: 9 rooms and 1 acre of land.
For particulars address F. B. HOOSON, Hay wards,
Cal. -  ; t -
GjQOO GKOCERY AND BAR, KEPT BY RE-
tJPrJVI'. tiring party 21 years: best chance in
town. REISER & TASSETE, 5 Fourth st.
l2;9(Wk HAIRDRESSING AND MANICURE
is)£d\J\J. business for sale; good location; near
Market st. Address I)., box 47, Call Office.
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR; LIVING-
\J rooms: good reasons for selling: 31 years'
lease: cheap rent. Apply SCULLY & SON, 420
Sacramento st.
85 A P— CIGAR STORE. 800 ELLIS; FlRST-
c:ass stand: receipts $10 per day: must be
sold on account of sickness; private sale.
<JJj97^ STATIONERY, NOTION AND VA-
*C— • <'• riety store; rent *20: also take a part-
ner with $200. Address D., box 115. this office.
J^LLIOTT PHOTO STUDIO, STOCKTON. CAL.;
-1 good prices; leading business; no reasonable
offer refused ; leaving country reason for selling.
SALOON FOB SALE; APPLY AT THE
Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
pCOCKRY AND BAB; « LIVING-ROOMS.
VJT 21 Minna St.
ARGAIN— SALOON AND FIXTURES; AC-
count of sickness. 918 Howard, 10 to 12 a. m.
BRANCH BAKkTiY AND XOTION STORE;
3 nice sunny rooms; ,*lOO. 1745 Mission st.
OR SALE — CHEAP, BAKERY', OX AC-
count of sickness. 1817 Powell st.
"<OR SALE— GOOD-PAYING SALOON ON
Larkin st., bet. Post and Ellis. For particulars
Inquire at 617 Larkln st. ,
rOR SALE-ONE OF THE BEST- EQUIPPED,
X best-paying and best-known livery stables;
located in one of the best livery towns in the state:
this is a snap that will -bear full investigation-
reason for selling other business demands entire
atten ion. Address Livery, box 70, Call Office, or
P. O. box 828. San Jose.
TUURSERYFOR SALE-ABOUT 3 ACRES OF
XI fine land well stocked with valuable plants:
large greenhouses with boiler for heating; also
large latbhouse, packing-house, windmill, etc.-
well With plenty of water, also city water; cost
$12,000; will seil cheap: eood reasons for selling
Address Nursery, P. O. boz 2475, San Francisco.
T7IOR CIGAR-STORE AXD LEAF TO-
X bacco, tools and fixtures: selling on account of
death in ihe family. 426 Sixth st.
(It t\f\ CORNER GROCERY: BAR; TRAXS-
<jpOtJI->. fer; pleasant living-rooms. Apply Call.
TfOR SALE-$200; RESTAURANT^ CALL
J 706 California st.
pHEAP; STOCK of poultry ranch AT
Fruitvale. 34 Donohue building.
"^^ooo INTERIOR AGENCY of; THIS
vs\J\)\)\). paper for sale. Inquire at this office.
S" PLENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR TH~K
buyers— For Bale, a liquor-store, situated on one
of the best corners of Montgomery' st. Inquire
Call Office.
T/<OR SALE-A FRENCH LIQUOR-STORE ON
X one of the best corners on Sixth street at a sac-
rilice. Inquire of E. ROBINET, 4Uy Californiast.
ESTAURANT FOR SALE; NEAR DEPOT.
210 Townsend st.
ARTNER WANTED-GOOD-PAYING BUSI-
nessjjjmall capital; trial given. 307 O'Farrell.
ESTAURANT— AT YOUR OWN PRICE TO
pay the debts. 626 Fourth st,
ffl**] XAA MEAT MARKET FOR SALE. A D-
isXO\J\). dress B. 8., box 36, tali Office, Ala-
meda.
<H*7oo %VILL buy exclusTve agency
»1P I \J\J for the Pacific Coast for 10 years- busi-
ness established; good-selling anicle; fullest In-
vestigation solicited. Address W. 8., box 71, Call.
■ \y ELL-PAYING PORK AND DELICACIES
" store: rent low: 4 living-rooms; sickness cause
of sale. Apply 412y 2 Sixth st. ■ ■
yu RSA LE-BAK V, WITH HOBSBS AND
X wagon; 2 bhla. daily. Apply at Call office.
'UAPER ROUTE J-'OR SALE TELEGRAPfT
r Hill district, covers IS blocks can be boti»ht
cheap and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this ollice. principals only. y E d '
HORSES.
C U NSeVhOBSE^^MABKET.'aaoVALKNCirZ
0 Horses, mules, wagony, buggies and harness.
1 ST-CLASS PASTURAGK; PLENTY WATFR
land feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market st.
1 bKTS NEW AND SECOND-HAND H \ it'
J OU ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sund-wagons. 112S Missions"
OKSES PASTURED- $•.> A MONTH; GOOD
care and feed; send for circular Th« H,°e
ranch, 630 Commercial st. ' rt - ulaf - ln » Hrts
DR. c. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY ssuiT
K.eori for S. F. Police DepHr-ment. office and
hospital. 121 City HaU aye.: telephone south 401
40 "ORSKS FOR SALE; ALSO WAOnvi"
100 v^ 8 °ND-HAND HARNESS; ALI."
J-Vy kinds; second-hand wagons, burey cart*"
«lso 20 cheat, horse,. Klft.enf.f and vSg^g^V
BiCVCLES.
VIT JNDSQR BICYCLE^r^TinCTirY^^rKTH
»» grade; no stamping: all la! he york- con's
and cups fully guaranteed ior 'j years, ILb^'
OBOFT & Co., §32 Pohi sr.. i. k A * U BAN "
PARK CYCLKRY-NE WHEELS TO LKtT
best accommodations. Terminui r G«mt 5uV
LODGING-lIOI!SKS^rOKJALB»^_
~sTi7\n A 40-ROOM HOUSE; WORTH $1200.
(Jl^iUU. DECKER. 10'JU Market st.
ni BOOMS ON EDDY STREET; iN L V .$6OO.
£\- DECK Kit, lO'-'O Market st.
Ql -ROOM HOU^jE; FINE FOB TRANSIENT;
Ol clearings2so. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
-1 k ) ROOMS: NICELY FURNISHED; CORNER
XL on Oolden Gate aye. DECKER, 1020 Market.
I 9-ROOM HOUSE FOR SALE AT A BAH'
JL^J gain. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market st.
H ROOMS NEAR MARKET; RENT $45;
price 500. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Mar-vet.
flifl Af\f\ LODGINO-HOUaK OF 23 ELE-
tITXT-UU. gantly furnished roomson Market St.;
' payinghouse. CULVER COLTON, 906 Market.
noRSER HOUSE; 11 ROOMS: WtSLIj FUR-
nished: price $225. JSTKANP. 45 Third st.
LODGING-HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS.
913 Uoward st.
fpEN-BOOM HOUSE AND BATH AT A BAH-
ain; no agents. 128V a Ninth st.
1 iVROOM HOUSE, XiiWLY FURNISHED.
X\J will sacrifice, cheap. 202 Turk st. ■
1 1 ODGING-HOUSE; 18 ROOMS; ALL OCCU-
JUpied; sale account of departure. 41 Ediiy st.
"lVor SALS— CONVENIENT io-room LODG-
X ing-house; retiring from business: must sell in-
side of two weeks: $350. 763 Mission st.
&QAA BOOMING HOUSE; 18 ROOMS;
•ipOUU. full of rcomers: must be sold in 10
days: no agents. 106 Steuart st.
QAQ FOURTH— NEW HOUSE; WELL LIGHT-
OV/Oed: room rent reduced. Apply to J. DE-
M A RTIN I. 317 Washington st. -
FUKMTUK*; I'Uil »ALK,
! ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW «7.*>
! t: Bedlounges trimmea with plush $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
1 English Linoleum, laid 40c up
; Window shades in 6 colors 25c up'
SHIREK it SHIREK, 747 Market st.,' opposite
, Grant avenue; no branch stores.
1 909 FURNITURE FOR SALE AT
1 _V— prices to suit the times.
HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE OF 3 ROOMS ;
complete; cheap. 1141 y 3 Mission st.
j 9 ASH BKDBOOM SETS. 1 FOLDING-BED, 1
£i hatraok, 4 hall carpets, par'or and 6 Dedrooßi
i carpe:s. etc., etc.; all in first-class condition. 1520
1 Franklin st., from 1 to 5 r. m.
! "L^UBNITURE OF 4-ROOM FLAT; RENT «J2:
1 -T near school ; 1030 Nineteenth st,'; Castro cars.
EDSTEAD, LOUXGE, BUREAU, wash-
stand; cheap for cash. 326 McAllisters'.
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
• ding; new folding-beds, ? 9 anil up: Step-lad-
tiers. 20c pr step: furnitureexch^ed. 779 Mission st.
FUK.NITUKK \V A T X
i MAXb\NTS'"l»ATs""26""pirir""^;vr^iOßE
1 -^V than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
! orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fonrth st.
CA-II PBICE PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
\J COB SCHWKRDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th <fe sth.
BSOLUTELY HIGHEST PBICE PAID FOR
second-hand furniture add carpets by Landy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market St.: call or send postal.
CABPKT CLEANIUO!
A^RF^ETS^llE^CETrilcrTf^^YTßir^^
\J laid, 5c i)er yard. S. STRATTON. 1» Eighth.
ITY STEAM CLEANINO.BENO V ■
ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. south 250.
pARPEJS CLKANED AXD RENOVATED
V^ ilke r-ew. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. I). MACKINTOSH CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
• 14th si. ; cleaning 3c a yard. .Tel. Mission 74.
McQUEIiN T S~CARI BEATING AND HE ?T
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 228.
ATATIONAL CARPET BEATING ANDRENO-
II vatinit Works HAMPTON&BAILLY;
nnd aiterins;. 313-315 Guerrero: 'I>l. Mission _'44.
\\THEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
' » _poor work send to SPA ULDIXG'S FioneerCar-
et Beating Works, 853-7 Tehama; tei. So-40.
pONKLIX'S CARPET BEATING WORKai Hi
* -' (Jold.-n Gatp-ave. : tdenhone fasc 12&
JbOR SAXK— MISCtLI.ANt.OIS.
USE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
bitters In market : buy yourwmes. liquors, etc.,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults: free delivery itv. Ohlc- j
land. Alametla. PUI/.MAN .t SCUUR.MAXN,
prop., 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 391.
I "Cj On WILCOX & GIBB--' A UTOM ATIC »K\V-
I <JP OU. Ing machine; equal new. 2310y Taylor.
| TRISH BLACKTHORN STICK; THE HAND.
IJL somest ever seen: must sell. 1073 1 /-! Market, r. 7
! aloox FBONT; CHEAP: EXEUANT COL-
O ored glass; from Palm saloon building. 1000
Sinter st.
ARGAIN— ULSTER CLOAK, TEA (iO«
Paisley shawl; bargain; almost new. <.'all
I 917 Market St., room 10. ...
REATDANE DOG; GOOD PEDIGREE; 11
months. 908 Broadway, bet. Mason and I'aylor.
UANTITY XEW AND SECOND-HAND,
safeties for sale cheap. 328 McAllister st.
DENTAL CHAIR IN FIRST-CLASS CONDI-
XJ tlon: a bargain. W. SIOIT, 927 Market
, room 319.
"PEKING DUCK-EGGS FOR HATCHING;' SOo
i- per sitting. MKS E. A. WILKINSON, Bay
end Webster sts.
I>UILI)IXGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
XJ doors, mantels, etc.. f>r sale. 1166 Mission.
BLAC KS ;• ITH SHOP OUTFIT, FORGE
steam pump, boiler&engine; cheap. Mission
UY YOUB BABY CABBIAOES AND RAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
XIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
BOOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth St.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 109. 111 Market st.
liiK and" BURGLAR SAFE, lett k
r press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
YeW RANGES CHEAPER than SECOND-
1> hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California sc -
pOUNT E R S, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
\J bought and r.old lT2li^Market beL 7thandBttt
AUCTION SALES,
TUOTICE-AT PUBLIC AUCTION^ OX TUES^
x^ day, March 24, 1896, at 11 a. m.. the Sterling
Furniture Company will cause to be sold at Its
wareroorns. Nos. 1039 and 1041 Market street, San
I Francisco, all of those certain parcels of goods
ri.-nn.d helow, upon which the charges for storage
| and advances are delinquent, unless the same be
j paid before the above date. The owners of said
: goods are hereby notified of the amounts due trom .
j each, and demand is hereby made for payment as
j follows, to-wit: '
i No. 239, Bradley. L. L., bookcase $17 15
| No. 251, Catalow, John, case, pictures, etc. 14 00
I Xo. 260, Cohn, X., case .: 17 25
j Xo. 298. Daisley, Jonn, furniture, etc ...".' 34 50 '
No. 299, Herndon. D. 0., maps, etc 24 50
No. 346, Hill, H. W., cases, marked glass. 13 25
I No. 352, Hersey, Mrs. M. M., machine and
_ cases -- 6 RO
; Xo. 359, Hope estate, furniture 124 50 *
j Xo. 364, Hudson, Wm., cuae. tr ink. carpet 4100 "
| No. 876, Hoi;an, Mrs. .1. F., furniture, etc.. 56 50
No. 391, Jewitt.Mrs. M.>..csaud ranchine ; 32 00
No. 420, Leininger. Mrs. X... 12 00
No. 450, Marshall. \\\. trunk 9 60
i• • • £ olan, Mrs. W. 0., furniture, etc. . 32 00 '
! No. 508, Newell Bros., scenery, properties. 80 00
I No. 650, Poultney,Mrs.J.B.,furnlture,etc. 40 00
' No. 523, Pueschell, E. A., bamboo clothes •
ra'.-k . 4 07 '
I Xo. 616, Sauflley, R. C, trunks 14 00
\ Xo. 619, Sutcliffe, W. a., stove, pictures.. 46 75
; No. 627, Schlam, Mrs. H. V.. furniture, etc. 67 80
No. 669, \\ idman. F. J., furniture, etc .. 25 00
Xo. 674, Warren. .1. P.. tco'chest i' 25
LOST.
<s>inO LOST dog
WX\J\J reward will be paid (cut this out and
I watch) for information leading to arrest and con-
| viction of thief who .stole white Spitz dog on '
] Wednesday morning, 26th in t.; has black nose,
! with two white spots on nose: tail curls tight to his
back: answers 10 namt- of ••ROY." I will arrest
and prostcuie any person having him in posses-
sion, unless being brought back.
X. D. SICKLES, J
. 620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, City.
LOST— TWO BLACK AND TAN DOGS AXS-i
weriug to names ot Prince and Grand; Grand
j has three spots on chest; Prince lost hair on right
I side of head; when calling Prince his ears drop,
I and Grand pricks his up; finder will receive re-
ward upon return to SEcor. California and Dupont.
TOST — TUESDAY, GOLD CHAIX WITH
XJ oval locket. 2522 Mission st.
LO — SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, YOUNG
female pug dog; reward. 1033 Valencia st.
LOST-OX MORNING FEBBUAKY 24. GREAT
XJ Dane bitch; color bnndle; weighs about 120
pounds. Reward paid if returned to ]24 Seventh
vj}« E REWARD— STRA V E 1- OR STOLEN— FOX-
iS)O terrier dog. with collar: answers to the name
of Jack. Return to 961 Howard st. and receive 5
above reward. =
I OST— A LADIES' HAND SATCHEL. AT OR
■i near the Branch Postotlice Station F, contain- ,
! Ing a diamond rlnir, $18 75 in coin, a pair nf spec-
I tacles and a bottle of perfume. The finder can'
keep ti.e diamond ring and coin if they will only
; return that priceless | air of crystal spectae'es and
elegant bottleof perfume purchased at Loehr"s Cut-
rate Prescription Pharmacy. cor.Geary<& Devisadero
BROWN ■ i-ETTER DOu • BRASS COLLAR?
Return 3516' 2 Mission st.: reward.
I TRAYED FROM B BOOK'S PASTURE, NEAR
] O Holy Cross— 2 cows, one small black cow with
white udder.and one light red heifer with white star
' on forehead and a white rim; on tail. A liberal n-
ward will be Riven for information that will lead to
their whenabouts. J. J. McURATtI, near Holy
Cross. P. O. Colraa. ,
T OST ALL COMFORT AXD PLEASURE by
J j not getting my shoes made to order by
GEO. BRYANT for $5. 204 I urk St.. near Jones.
FOUND.
FOUND-A BLACK^XNlT^filTftr^rEU^
foundland with license: owner can have
the same by paying expenses. 810 Bryant st.
ND-IRISH SETTER PUP. CALL 3"J
| J Third st.. room 22. N. McNEAL.
i I^OUXD-DARK GRAY MARE COLT 2 YEARS
X old. Owner can have same by proving prop- °
! erty and paying expenses. WILLIAM FAY,
Colma, Cal.TTOTSF.S TO I,F.T.
J°£S_: B , l: - - 1 Al KS^' AN D lA« 1 n1 at
r*«t"in . ybayWiridowhOUS<l BrOomsan.l bath;'
CO 4V< m * KCO<i tenant - , A pply to C. 8. C A PP &
E?tate a Montgomery st., liouse Brokers and Real
•»-sia;e Agents.
]>i^H. BIT -^ASON AND TAYLOR-FINE
flno^f tory bay-window hous«; 9 rooms and hath;
r t \', cw ;fent moderate to good tenant. Apply to
Rr^°* VP t? & CO ' 413 Mentgomwy St., House
brokers, Rent Collectors and Real Estate Agents.
LET %, IIO I&K oi " 5 KOOiIS. 8 ROSE
-lave., nr. Market st. i
9 NNA HOU ' SE> 7 LARGE KOOMS; RENT
"199^1 PINE, NEAR HYDE-TWO-STORY
rhTlTn b u Ud O rn g c . srOomS; Cheap - A PP'>'--»^^,
40 J EH^ IA - HOUS£, 7 LARGE ROOMS;
_**• v rent "-U.
M< (DE h v 11; HOUSE 9 ROOMS. BATH; RENT
f*■ fB7BO. Apply 2113 Pine st.
QUNNY HOUSE; 9 ROOMS; HOT AND COLD
i-J water; cheap to good tenaut. 421 Powell si.
9^l 9 CAXIFOSNIA, NBAB STELNERT77
■— Y a -- rooms, bath, lsxge billiard-room, laundr"
ana servants' room: sun in every room; rent low
on lease. MADISON A BURKE, 626 Market st.
HOUsj 5 BOOMS. BATH AND BASEMENT"
rent $16. 103 Nineteenth st.
1080 MI S|ibN^SUNN Y-SIDE . BAY-WIN-
X\J*J\J dow house of 10 rooms.
■DOUSE, 7 ROOMS.. BATH, MODERN IM-
a 1 provemerits. 7:-t0 C.tpp st.; also house, 5 rooms
modern, large stable, .107 Uermania st., off lill-
rnore.
" I 70TH rDK ST.. COR. VALLEJO-SUNNY
- 1 - •—T house 7 rooms and bath; cheap.
S D?j B l;. iom>: MODERN CONVENIENCES-
• '. «>V. fine neighborhood. Apply 15 Grant aye'
7 1 A w D 7ii SUIiJLKV SE__i AND 6 ROOMS;
$IB ELEVENTH AYE., COR R. R. AYE.:
*- , - *. rooms, barn and stable. NICOL, 5341,45
L»ABV HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED- PAPA
' II A <^^f-» n : I n°-v l , ISe VlUt ' from BALDWIN »t
. HAMMOND. Ul Montgomery at.-
lIQUsKS.
VIcELY FUBNttHCED fUKNY UPPER
-> flat: ti rooms: buh. 2514 i\ s..nrr: cheap,
UOITAGKS iTO LET.
Q 1 £050 JONES, BET. UNION AND FIL-
'- ,?,' b Jrl liV* 100 ' '»-'■• * roomsandbativ. Ap-
ply to « . >. CAPP & CO., 413 Montgomery, House
J'.rokers_and Real Estate Agents. ° '
PpR R"ENT-COTTAGEr7 ROOMS; LARGE
J basement; garden fioot and re-r: carpets and
A^XV S H?, a b fe o x C l^ball. CrUmemO bt - Dear HydC -
■- h., box LSO, call.
1 A Y-AV INDOW COTTAGE, 4 ROOMS; BATH;
AJ y**o. 12< Chattanooga st., bet. 22d and 23d.t 1
NNY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE FLAT- B
>. large rooms, bath. 540 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
1 H'AtiK, 5 ROOMS, BATH, I'I.WKFI)
V- basement, yard. $16. hO4 Potrero t nr. -Oth.
( 'OTTAGE OF B BOOMS AND BATH: LARGK
V- yard;eellar : jm>s^VebaterBt., nr. ramento.
i^Q COTTAGE S ROOMS -. ON PROSPECT
«j ''. aye. Apply 75 California aye.. bet, Twen-
ty-seventh and Twenty-eighth sis., pear Mission.
- i-ROOM COTTAOKj LAKGE YARD. 2801
1 1 oik st., near Green.
SI'NNV COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS, BATH AND
Irgeyard and basement. 2125 Post st.
COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS! I.VHTiiX ST.,
bet. Fillmore and Webster, Ellis and O'Farrell.
y|4 COTIAGB <'X FOUR ROOMS AND
■ *«.--»-*J. baih. IS:sl Union, near Lacuna St.
*.; HA't'ii '!«» Ufii.* 1
v^l- COND-fZoOB Kl.a I: 6ROOMS AND BATH:
VJ siO Second st., near Brannan: rent law to Rood
tf-nant. Apoly to C. S. CAPP A CO.. 413.Mont-
comery. House EroUers and Real Estate A cents.
Qi->O Xn WITH WATEK: St:CONI»-FLOOR
<? — «J.Uv/. tiat: M rooms and hath: 2054 Jones,
bE. cor. Filbert: fine marine view. Apply to C. s.
CAPP & Co.. 413 Montgomery St.. House Brokers
and Real Estate Apents.
Q"I X ANI>J?I6— X EAT FIRST AND BECOND
• *?J-O Boor flats; 530 and 00OV2 Linden aye.. bet.
hayes .-.:!'t Fe;l, 1 tavla and Las-'ima: i» rooms
batn each: watpr included; ke\ there. A.pply to
C. s. APP «fc CO., Hoase Brokers and Ileai Estate
Agents, 413 Montgomery s:. ? '.'
V LAT 5 ROOMS AND~EATH; 32a RAUSCH.
X bet. 7th and Bth. MADISON .v i;r::K; . Agents.
«< 17 THE CIIEAPE^T~IN~THE i:iT\ r : ~2
•_ 1 I . nice sunny modL-rn tla;s; .'> rooms and
■ bath; laree yard; wait-r free. 1403 and 1405
. Lyoo -•.. owner at 349 Kcaruy st.
J MODERN FLATS NEAR THE PARK: 5
'. *r rooms and bath: rentflsto<ls Key at prem-
: :.*<;s, lirti9 McAllister su. or 529 Frederick.
TkOC'MS, BaTH: 3||<OOMS; CHI AP TO GOOD
"T tenant. 14 Webster st.
• 1~T"7 I~FILLM"ORt;-B ss\ ROOMS, BaTH ;
lllj cheap to koo<3 tenant.
. * Ql 9 7 ROOMS, BATH. RANGE, KIC; UP-
-. •.. 1 — • per flat. Jersey and SanchM sts.
"VICE SITN-VY • FLAT «>F 6 HOOii.tiA.Sb
' .' oata. 33 Pleasant St., npar JOl -
• n I 9 OAK-EIJBGANT NX ■. 7 AND.
-. «'i--J s rooms: renl redoced; $26: S2B. .
< » ( » UPPER FLAT OF 8 LARGE BCNNY
I ''-'. rooms: bath. t>-5V 2 Larkin st.
v 1 I \ 6 ROOMS AND BATH: ALS 1 3 BOOMS
'"■Cxi 1 '). and bath in rear, $7. 12C7 Pacific st.
r;.AT> .-. rooms, $13 50; • booms, $13.
. J 1718 Leavenworth st.
MDLBN SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 5 BOOMS
" -»1 and bath. 2319 Pine st_, near Fillmore.
. •_• KOO>LS: FLAT: LARGE Y.VRD AND STA.
•> b;e. Apply " Hey\v«od s(.. rear.
'. T--ROOM lOUSI 4- LoTSI CHEAP >OK
O cash. Apply Crescent aye. and Cank st.
. SEPARATE FLAT, 8 ROOMS; YARD; RENT
O »iq 518 Webster s:.. aearH • ,
• *)^n'' : EBBEKO- t.'l'l'Eß FLAT; 4 KOOMS
■ J-Oyf and bath; wate. free: ?1 8. «
iURST FLOOR— 4 IV N IMS; LAROIi YARD;
F uprinlshftd basement; flli: clean and in eooa
repair: t:ulet. a!trtc:iv. private street, DEMP-
BIEB, 3« Glen Park aye., cS Twelfth st.
'<£•<_, NICE, CLEAN FLATS WITHIN 3
O'-'. blocks of The Call uffice. BPECK CO.,
• 602 Market -:. '• -. '
TJEAUTIFUL UPPER FLAT, 6 LARGE SUN-
• XJ ny rooms, bath, laundrj-. 151&V-. Mission st.,
near Eleventh.
• ■!> AY- WINDOW FLAT: 5 LARGE SUNNY
X> rooms; bath; cheap. ■• 117 Perry.
FLATTOP 4 BIG BOOMS: $10. COR. TWEN-
J. tleth and Folsom sts.
V| : IfNTb'ECORATED, 6-ROO3IED FLAT:
J'i- sun all day. 847 C»pp st., i:r. Twenty-fourth.
' •>')\ LIBERTY. BET. CHUBCH AND DO-
r —— X tore.— Flat of 5 large rooms and bath: al-
most new; ; avi-il yard; new|M fixtures; 75 feet
ot ground fenced in: rent only $16.
S I I LOVELY FLAT\ 4 LAKGE* BOOMS,
•_ 1 1. bHth, cus ai;d yard; water free. 25% '
■ Ford s;.. bet. tJeventeenth and Eighteenth, Noe |
,'m! iDcbez.
ii i LET, OPPOSITE LURLINE
X Bates; 6 rooms; bath; cellar. Apply 1212
■ , Larkin st.
CiOZY FLATS: BUKNY, NICE LOCATION;
\y 4. and 5. J rooms: bath; Hanover p!.. off s»cra-
.•mc-nto, below Mason. Apply 320 Sa-isome, rm. 4.
n. I c ELEGANT FLAT a S BOOMS, BATH,
O I >J. large yai-d; water free. 814 Nineteenth
St., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
J. .■-. 1 SUNNY MODERN FXiAT, OPPO-
J site Jefferson Square; 5 rooms and bath. 925
, t Golden Gate aye. -. .
I TNFURNISHED SUNNY FLAT; 3 ROOMS.
, U 4221/fe Post St. . I .
O IMS: BATH. «O»V_ THIRTEENTH ST.,
O above Valencia. . .•■;■• ::> t
C-l n UPPER FLAT; * SUNNY ROOMS.
ij" J U. 375 Sanchet St.. near Seventeenth.
ODERN 7 ROOMS, BROOMS, $22; 4
rooms, Sl2. Sl9 Uak st. '
- Cti) SIXTH— UPPER FLAT, 5^ ROOMS,
• *l£i£i bath, j-ard; front and re_r entrance; rent
;. *i 3.
. .10 4 SUNNY ROOMS. 27 DOKE ST., BET.
•_* J _- . Harrison and Bryant^ ■ ■. _
CORNER TWELFTH AND HOWABD STS.-2
* J sunny bay-window flats of 7 and 5 rooms and
, tiath. No. 1555^ -
C-UNNY CORNER FLAT, 8 ROOMS AND
0 bath. Haight and Webster sts. . '. ;- '.-:.
ITOWER FLAT, 5 ROOMS, RATH; RENT *13.
i-i 713 Treat aye., near Twentieth.
F.i i i NBW MODERN SUNNY-FLAT OF 6
•_ 1 'J. rooms, bato. 133 San Jose aye., nr. 24th.
IK/fl EDDY— DESIRABLE SUNNY COR-
JO obi. nerUat; 6 large rooms; modern improve-
ments. . *■;'.'---'-
PEW STEPS FBOM CITY HALL; -CIi£GA NT
X I flat of b-rooms andjja'i.. 10 Grove si.
D BATED MODERN B-ROOM FLAT; SUN
JL/ all day. 847 Capp St.. near Twenty-fourth.
-•>/• m.,-a"l;.istkk- 1 i.a r, 6 lioOMS; LAUN-
< _-O dry; bath; rent g3O.
YEAR CITY HALL — '_ SUNNY FLATS; 5
-> and 6 rooms; g2l, $25. 147 and 713 Grove «■
OST DESIRABLE FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
vriih bath and all . modern iniDrovemf' nts;
1635 ISusti 81.;. rent $30. MADISON <fc BURKK,
» gent s. ! • ' •
IJABY HAPPY: MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
I > contented; flat rented from BALDWIN <R
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery St.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST/, BE-
XU low Bryant. 5 and <i rooms, bath; §8 to $16-
-» I Q AND $14— 1124 AND 1110 STEVENSON,
'jlO near Herman: nice, flats: rli-m' rent.
HOUSEKISEMSG KOOMS. .
Bryant Street.
4971 BRYANT- FURNISHED AL-
, i— I a cove room for housekeeping.
Clay Street.
1 J 97 "CLAY, NEAR POLK— 2 ROOMS FOR
J U_,l light housekeeping. ' __________
L.i ■:-. Street.
711 ELLIS— 3 FURNISHED HOUSEKEKP-
* XX Ing rooms, one complete floor; rent, $30.
gPJ^^EEPiyG ROOMS - Continned. '
. '"i-i'in Street.
1 4"] 1 FOLSOM-ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
X^ rj -- IL floor, 3 or 4 rooms, complete for houskpg.
fourth street..
A]'] FOURTH — 2 .NEWLY FURNISHED
Tli - sunny housekeeping rooms; cheap.
Howard Street.
1 1 H °WARD-3 LARGE SUNNY HOUSE-
XXOV/ keeping rooms: uewlv furnished; for
family.
1 qTx"n6WARD— 3 UNFURNISHED ROO"MS
**XO for light housekeeping; use of bath, laun-
dry. yard ; no children. ■ ..
Hyde Street, r
61 HYDE-2 UNFUKNTSHED, CARPETED
'i rooms for housekeeping; use of bath.
. Jessie Street.
ftXA JESSIE— FLOOR OF 3 NICE ROOMS, UN-
\jO\J furnished; yard: cellar: rcntsl".
Kearny Street. •
1 f\A KEARNY— I. 2, 3 OR 5 ROOMS AND
11H bath. . . - .
Larkin 111 111111 l
O9J? LARKIN- THItV.E SUNNY HOUSE-
«-'— -O kecnini.' rooms, nicely furnished.
larkin — nicely furnished
j:_-i/ suites: single: running water: bath: gas. i
"I (\(.f{ LARKIN— TWO COMPLETK, SUNNY,
IWU furnished housekeeping rooms; also
single room.
.McAllister Street.
J 1 i\ McAllister— nick SCNNY rooms,
ill) with kitchen, for housekeeping.
Minna Street.
A~ A -LARGE NICELY FURNISHED
TlU^ front room; light housekeeping.
Mission >treet.
Q"] C MISSION— 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS,
Ox «J furnished complete- for housekeeping; $3 75
a week. ';
Q/' 1 MISSION — LARGE 1 ' XNY SUITES,
t/U I also single, housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
Ta 9 j M t on" — SUNN V BAY-WINDOW
.1 v'_-l suite for light housekeeping; bath;, other
rooms.
>mth Street.
9 A NINTH — FRONT BAY-WINDOW SUITE
—•v' for housekeeping; suites; single: grate; gas.
O'J'arrell Street.
Q9Q O'FARRELL— FOUR NICE ROOMS FOR
O— .O houseket'pine: call 9to 12.
:c Sseventh Street.
SEVENTH —LIGHT- HOUSEKEEPING
i_ rooms: also single or en suite; suitable for
ado tor. • . ■
Stevenson Street.
A Q STEVENSON, COR. . FIFTH — TWO
"iv'O rooms, completely .. furnished for house-
keeping.
J 9 -T E V V. N BET. >K\ i:N ! H AND
U"±_. Eighth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
larse room for 2; bath; central. o i
: % o Moi-kion Street.
109 STOCKToW — NICELY FURNISHED
ttv^j sunny rooms* also hoasekeeping.
1 '-Ml 7 S roc FUR NISHED ROOM FOR
1 11UI housekeeping; rentcheap.
I Q9a"stockton— sinnv "Ms"
J.O— U housekeeping; cheap; also singl.e room.
c .0: Taylor Street.
"J AO TAYLOR ,' — NICELY FUKN ISHED
J.UO rooms for light housekeeping: quiet. '
,1 I A T A V L Cl-R'— NICELY FuIINISIiED
"iiu rooms; use of bath.
7AO 1.W1.0U- -4 FURNI HED CO.>NECi-
I VJC* in< housekeeping rooms; no children.
1 .1.1111:1 Street. *
J A Q TEH AM A— 2 CONNECTING .HOUSE-
X"O keeping rooms; well furnished; complete.
Tenth Street. -.„ o ° v
A 9Q TENTH— SUNNY SUITE-. FOR HOUSE-
tI — keeping: cheap. »";•
J'JI TENTH — FLAT OF HOUSEKEEPING
"±OX rooms: $9; sun all day. : °?*s3£
Thirrt Street.
pOLTON HOUSE, 280 THIRD— SINGLE,
V^ suites, light housekeeping; #5 up; yard,
Turk Street.
X, ID TURK— LARGE FRONT ROOM. COM.
O'lO plete for housekeeping; gas, bath; JJI2.
% — , ___^__________
Van >e«s Avenue.
09/-V VAN NESS AYE. — LARGE SUNNY
O_*.' room for housekeeping.
TOO VAN NEtJS AYE. — 3 WELL - FUII-
ttOO nfghed sunny rooms for housekeeping.
Washington Street. -V4.-C'
W ASHING T v N — SUNNY UNFUR-
«JV'_ nished bousekeepine rooms; rnnnine water.
91 l\ ASHI GTON, NEAR TAYLOR-3
X— . L\J or 4 unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
Welsh Street.
I A WELSH, OFF FOURTH — 4 NICELY
XX tr furnished housekecpins rooms; yard;chcap.
"T~ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ TBM
J:\- WEEKLY CALL. Id wranoer. for mailing.
K00.31S IO iiCX.
Brauuan Street.
A 99 BRANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM; USE
—— - of stove; $1 per week.
liush Street.
797 BUSH— LARGE FRONT BAY-WINDOW
• — 1 room: also light housekeepinir.
Clay Street.
QOI CLAY — LARGE FURNISHED BUNNY
OX back parlor; private family; rent 9S.
1 /'97 CLAY. NEAR POLK — FURNISHED
1 U— \ front hali bedroom; gas: rent $6.
i.ddy Street.
"I "I Q EDDY— BEAUTIFUL GROUND FLOOR
110 front suite cheap: other rooms $5 up.
-1 A EDDY— LARGE NEAT ROOM; ALSO
«JXv/ small room private family : reasonable.
fcighth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT lIOUbE, 28 BTH
St.. near Market: furnished ami unfurni.she<l.
. ■ : '.. tllis Street.
THE RAMONA. ISO ELLIS ST.. SAN FRAN-
X Cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager— Just
opened; a newly furnished, well appionted, quite
house; containing 150 rooms, large and ' s,n>all,
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and elec-
tricity, hot and cold running- water In each
room: elevator and fire escapes; situate conven-
ient to tl»e business center of the city, principal
hotels and theaters; electric cars direct to ferry
and park pass the door. • .'.'.'
iifth Street. . ;. ~~
9AI FIFTH (CHANGED HANDS).— NICELY
-Cv« fqrnlshed rooms, single and double: also
housekeeping, with use of kitchen: terms reason-
able. . ■ ■ . '.
Franklin Street.
9A-I FRANKLIN— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
• jLSjx. gentlemen; $5 per month.
■ Oeary Street. . • •
QD7 GEARY— SUNNY FRONT SUITE: ELE-
-00 i gantly furnished; suitable doctor or dentist.
r"I /• GOLDEN GATE— NICEL Y.FURX ISUED
«JX D room ; suitable for lor 2 gent emen.
'in GEARY — ELEGANT SUITE OF PAH-
i)iO lors; suitable man and wife orofllces: others.
GEARY— LARGE, HANDSOMJELY FUR-
nisbed and small sunny rooms. '
QAI GEARY-SUNNY BAY-WIN OOW ROOM;
O' 'X'-mantel. 2 clo3ets; new corner flat.
ovi vb UivAKY— NICELY l-'URNISHED room
O_-'./ ia modern flat; suitable for 1 or 2 gentle-
men. -." ■ •
1 1 Ol GEARY, COR. VAN NESS AYE.. THE
X J U J Martinet; first-cIaRS modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite, aiid sinsle; new house; ele-
gantly fitted: breakfast H desired.
tiolUen <>ate Avenue.
09A GOLDEN GATE-LARGE ROOM, SUIT-
O— .U abe for 2 geuts, $12 a month; housekeep-.
ing apartments. '. _v .
l< 6 1 GOLDEN GATE— LARGE FRONT ROOM :
OOX suitable for bicycle clab.
QQtt GOLDEN GATE AVK.- NICELY FUR-
OOU uisbed room; suitable for lor 2: $8.
(' QQ GOLDEN GATE — ELEGANTLY FUR-
«>O nished rooms; single aud suites. -.
£>OL* GOLDEN GATE AYE. — NEATLY FCR-
DtJU nished sunny alcove room, modern conveni-
ences: also small rooms, reasonable.
Orove Street.
-1 f\A GROVE, COR. POLK— SUNNY FUR-
-1 U"i nished rooms; pleasant location; reasona-
ble prices. j '"■'_•:
1 nr«l«jVE- NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
XU*J front room; $8. .'■'«■
Q \ HTG R OV£ — NICELY FURNISHED
Oi I S front room; private family; suitable for
gentleman. -..-'..
Guy Flare.
IGUY PLACE, OFF FIRST, NEAR FOLSOM—
Furnished or unfurnished rooms; .also house-
keeping. ;. . ■ . , - .
• Hayes Street. • - : s =%"
2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS ; SUITABLE FOR
office or 2 gentlemen. 109 ! 2 Hayes st.
Hickory Avenue
•VTICE SUNNY FRONT ROOM; SUITABLE
_> Mr young lady. Inquire 106 Hickory aye. , :
f-i ■"'*'.* ■ ' ■ - . ' - '' '■ - ' ■ • ■..---..- '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1896.
KOO3IS TO LET-Continued.
'Howard Street. ;
£»9O HOWARD-NICE FURNISHED FRONT
yj—'*J room: also others; reasonable. '. '
r/> 1 HOWARD — NICELY FUHNISHED
lUI 2 window; other double or single
rooms; reasonable. ■
"] 9] 71 HOWARD-LARGE ROOM; SUIT A-
x^o. I a ble for 1 or 2 men: .gas; bath: private.
1 Qr^A H O W A R D t- SUNNY FURNISUEII
XVUrt rooms; double bed: Amfericau fumlly,ss.
tiyde Street.
/^9j lI YDE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
U-. I sunny room ; gas and bath.
• Jones Street. •• *
907 .TONES -THE VaN WINKLE-, NEW
—"I manacement: eletant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; «1U to S3O.
Of) X JONES— LARGE FURNISHED SUNNY
*J\J*J room;, ruuning water; gas; private famllj-.
• Kearny street.
A KLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEA<*-
XX. ant Bunny rooms, en suite aud single: first clau
in tvery res]>ect : terms reasonable. - . -
l.iii'kin Street.
1 900 LARKIN — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
X— \J\J nisbed front room; §8, and single rooms,
$4 and $5. -
Markor. Street.
■yoSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
X Kiith and Seventh— Single and suites: per
night. 350 to $1 ; week, $1 BO to *5: families
11 99 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
— <— ■ rooms; en suite or single: reduced.
3lat;on Street.
8 MASON, COR. MARKET— ELEGANT RUN-
ny suite fronting on Market St.: suitable fot
doctors: also sinele rooms: all conveniences.
McAlllMer Street.
1 o^l - McALLISTER — SUNNY FURNISHED
X\JO rooms: en suite or single. .
99('A MCALLISTER — SUNNY FIHNISHKr
___l> rooms; private family; $-i and $10.
A AO M C A I. Ll si E R -LARGE SKYLIGHT
ttUO room; place for stove; cheap.
Jl 9 MCALLISTER^ FLAT 1 — S SINtiLE
trX— i Mid 2 double rooms; suitable forgentlemen.
Mint Avenue.
KMIXT, AYE. — (NEW MANAGEMENT)
0 Sunny suite and single: terms very moderate.
9^f MINT AYE., NR. FIFTH— FURNISIIEIi
— "A e-'inny bay-window suite,? other rooms, $ti
and $8. \: J-: /
Ji^sinn Street.
EUROPE HOUSE, 1188 MISSION— NICELY
• furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
1 cflM MISSION— TWO LARGE SU3JITX FUB-
J «'— ' nished purlors, suitable for doctor or man
and wife; private; board option; charruingview;
rent to suit the times. |
Montgomery Street. ■
Qr|9 MONTGOMERY— CHOICE FURNISHED
01/ rooms $1 a week: elegantly furnished $•_'.
O'Karrell Street.
£97 O'PARRELL"— FURNISHED UPPER
U— j i floor: 4or 5 rooms: batn: light housekping.
794. O'FABBEtiL — NICELY UN isii E_
i«Ji single and double rooms; rent, reasonable.
Q9O O'FARRELL — HANDSOMELY FUR-
C/_vO nished sunny room; suitable for 1 pr 2;
rent low. ,
Pine Street. • "■:
/■»9l PINE— ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN; «6
"-" 'J- np; snltuble for 2; running water;
\ , Polk Street.
Ol F. POLK— I OR 2 FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
*J \*J nished sunny rooms.
° • Post' Street ."
X A] POST— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
OU.L rooms; single or , ri i>uiie; rates reasonable.
°. liuss Street.
BUSS — LARGE .SUNNY MCELY FUR-
— <J nished front room; closet; bath; 2 gents 01
couple. " • 0.,°. •.--■.■?
Scconrt Street.
'9O SECOND — 3 NICE SUNNY FRONT
d—O rooms, opposite South Park, and a line
yard ; rent. $10 aiid water free.
Sixth Street.
1 AC SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
1 WO front rooms, double, sinelp, $6 tip.
Sixteenth Street.
09OQ XTEEN T H^ 3 UNFURNISHED
O—.OC/ rooms: hot and cold water; sun all day.
Stockton Street. :'. "V ; '
01 7 STOC KTON NICELY FURNISHED
'JX I rooms; single and suites; gas; running
water. - -
A 1 7. STOCKTON —~r \ RNISHED sr N\ V
XX t front bay-window room; $10: single, $5. ■
Sutter street.
C 99 SUTTER- 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
<-'-*—> and basement; reasonable.
r 9 I SUITER— FURNISHED ROOM 'FOR
*■'— ■ '"-t gentlemen; grate; water; gas; closet-
•1111 SUTTER-NICELY FURNISHED
XX XX rooms; single and en suite; also house-
keeping.
]-?i?i'» Taylor Street.
"I A Q TAYLOR — NEWLY FURNIBHED
Xtrt/ rooms from $3 to $12 per month.
99Q TAYLOR— LARGE, SUNNY FU R-
— •— «O nished room, with closet and use of bath;
suitable for 2 gentlemen; $12 a month. ' .
■ . Tenth Street.
"I 90 TKNTH-NICELY FURNISH LARGE
-L— rooms; lor 2 gents or light housekeeping;
cheap.
-',';V Third Street.
TiriNCHESTER HOUSE- THIRD, NEAU
»» Market; moat convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 25c to $1 50 per night; *1 60 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r'iniiret* bus.
9 AC THIRD, KOSTER HOUSE— FURNISHED
_-V'» ) rooms, single and suites: $8 and 616 up. .
U> FURNISHKD KOOMi.
I rj7 FTOTH^K-BA^ANTTsoimY^oSaRjS
lvl nished rooms to let.
BOAt4U.N«. AND UOOJIS.
LADY WlT^FLEASAyT^HOilKT^^inlC-
ble locality, wishes to rent sunny room with
board: references exchanged.. 2217 Octavia St.,
corner Jackson.
1 f\t)ft PINE— SUITE OF SUNNY ROOMS;
JLvf^U also single nrst-class board ; reaaonable.
"VfICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
— passed for neatness and comfort: 50c, 78c and
$1 per day; 92, $2 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to
$30 per moMh. Hackmeier's Hotel.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week, IB a month, at Hackmeier's Hotel.
GEORGE GRUENIG, Proprietor.
HACK E I E R' HOTEL, 123-129 K D DY ST.J
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG. pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
RAO VAN NESS AYE.— NICELY FURNISH-
OVJLi ed front suite; al3o single; with or without
board. . . °
QOMETHTNG DESIRABLE FOR GBNTLE-
-0 men at 1401 Van Ness aye. cor. Rush st.
1 \ L* TURK — REMODELED — FURNISHED
XXU suites and single; first-class table board.
OTEL BERTLING. 714 HUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences. ' ' .
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
->t- WEEKLY CALL, in rapper, for mailing."
C'i^Jl.L>KiS> 1.0 \i;iii i>. ~
\\- OU LD ~TTk E~ l^OlT' >^^LDRK^^r6
»* board or infant to care • for; nice home;
mother's care; best reference. 1205 Laguua st.,
near Eddy. .
■\rOU CAN FIND REFINED HOME IN AMER-
X icari family tor child; terms moderate! ' 402
San Jose aye. •
VV ANTED — BABY R SMALL CniLD TO
» » board by American woman : best of care i_i veil.
Apply 1 Hurbert place, off Clara st.. near Fiftn.
STORKS TO tKT. '. ~ •
/n^F^Tu^TlL^SM^AXL^T^ETvvmill^
trXU in rear: ront low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st. . .
fflji C NEW: ONE MONTH FREE; WATER
<4pJ-*-». free. 1201 Guerrero st., cor. 24th.
STORE AND 3 ROOMS; RENT $15. 316
O Fillmore st., cor. Haight.
qTTclementina-5 ROOMS AND BTORE.
OO Apply 23 Clementina st. .
TORE, 3 ROOMS; KENT CHEAP. 48 SEV-
• •ntli., bet. Mission and Marlcet.
TORE ON . CITY, FRONT, OPPOSITE
ferry. Apply 10 East St., In saloon.
■ iORE AND 3 ROOMS; CHEAP RENT. 328
O Seventli st. ;
<J>9A 1003 LARKIN, COR. POST-NEW. CEN-
— v/. tral, living-rooms. App KELLY, 102
Eddy st. • .... .
, OFFICES to LET. . ~
SPRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices; low rent; ; electric-light;
heaUn*; and janitor service free. - Apply at build-
lng or Q. H. UMBSEN <t CO., 14 Montgomery at.
ELEGANT. 1 OFFICE FOR . PROFESSIONAL
man will bo vacated on March 1, at b5O Mar-
ket st., cor. Stockton; tlrst floor. .
FIJiA^CJAt..
ot i Ofwiifin^ o loa^on _ai?_i insTpolF
1 IMF.V»'MJ cl( , JOS. B.TOPLITZ, 330 Pine.
1 OANS ON IST AND 2D MORTGAGES AND
-1-^ life insurance policies: low rate of interest;
bankbooks bought. * 830 Montgomery tt.
'
FERSONAT/S^^
PRIVATE LESSONS^ IN BOXING AND
— physical culture: : I will make any who are
delicate rugged, strong and shapely; special days
for ladies. 808 Leavenwortn st. , . ■
/■> RAHAM'S DETECTIVE AGENCY, 632
VX Market St., r. 8. : quick work; terms reasonable.
MRS. STEWART, MANICURE AND CHlROP-
odist: 50c and and $1. 120^ Geary st..r. 10.
XT AIR RESTORER AND CURLER; ONE AP-
XX plication will convince the most skeptical of
its wonderful virtue, PROF. KNOTT, 1077
Market Bt., upstairs.
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A "SPE-
cialty; private: nocharee unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, afly-at-law, 850 Market st
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; GKIND-
—V ing new edge on razor, 25c; razor coucaveu,
50c: razor honing and setting, 25c; . rlrst-class
Work. Razor Exchange, 680 Market st.
AIRDKESSING TO TAKE A WOMAN'S
-XX eye; that's my kind: 1 have the best artists in
the city and my price is 25c; switches 75c and SI.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
T> E MOVAL— DR. MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
JL V O'Farrell. Telephone. Bush 21. ■ :
ffl»1 A KOOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON TH_
tip X floor. 206 Leaven worth st. ' .
FREE— AGE BUOK, "SIGHT, PERFECT
and Defective," postpaid. L. KUTTNEK & CO.,
Opticians, 1644 Market St., Hotel St. Nicholas. S. F.
RS. drTaTsykes. .beauty DOCTOR, HAS
taken oinces at 330 Ellis St.; steaming anA
treating ladles' faces a specialty.
MRS. m. H. OBER. HEADQUARTERS OF
Ypsllantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout figues. '
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits: great reductions;
.send for catalogue. 34 Geary St., San Francisco.
pHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
KJ for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
PaDer-hauging .Company, 635 McAllister st. > •
"pGYPTIANHENNTrSTTHAIR mE; PER-
XJ feclly harmless; easily. applied; all druggists.
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO.. agents, S. F.
SSjy\ FOR 10 CENTS — CLOAKS, JACKETS;
vl>-i- cupes. sold at 10c on the dollar in the base-
ment of ARMAND CAII.LEAU, 48 Geary St.,
cor. Grant aye.
A DQRESSED TO THOSE WHO WANT TO
-V become Invest your money in Stockton ;
(the future Chicago): I will.sell yon property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARJLKb PSCHER-
HOi'ER, 1706 Clay St., S. F.
TI : I . P J l O ~ OYSTER COMPANY, 1443
X Polk, sells high-grade chicken taruales and oys-
terioaves; delivery to 12 r. m.
L^OR FINE POULTRY ASD GAME GO TO A. i
-» MRABSER, 78 and 79 Center Market. . . ;
IjARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: Instructors, .1. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
I'artlugton.K.L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
DR. E. ROBKI S, THE CELEBRATED PHY-
sician, has removed fm 8 Mason to 1508 .Market
10l WT BUSINESS "CARDS, $1 60 : I'ELK-
XUUU phone "Black 141.". HlLL. 22 Geary, r.39
BOU RQV NSCA L' ASTHMATIC PAPER; .
XJ instant relief. . For sale by all druggists or Ceu-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Su tt e r st.
I^LKCTHIC LhVhts IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
X-i Chester House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $15 per
week: iree.bus to and from the ferry.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st. :?
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
mfrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome st.. upstair*.
OLD GOLD, teILVER. GENTS' AND
' ' «lothinz bought. CDI.MA.V. 41 Third gt.
DKESSSIAKEKS.
DEJIOVED-BRADLEV, TO 410 TAYLOR ST.;
I> stylish suits ,ftf up; dressps made over.
ULAIHVOVA.MS. . '
MME. RAVENA OF 828 HOWARD ST. ANn-
ounces to her patrons removal to 6 Fourth, r.
3 and 4; sittings gaily ; tips races; names given: 25c.
MH- DR. THOMAS, S.CI ENTli'lc REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life,, past,-
present, fimire; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
posslble; fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
PROFESSOR ZANZIC, WHITE MAHATMA,
X occult scientist, palmist and clairvoyant. 303
Mason st.; hours 8 to 8; past, present, future; 50c.
EDUCED 60c AND $1.
PROF. LEON. Marvelous Clairvoyant Palm-
ist; wonderful power; gives advice La business
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.; tells of
your friends and enemies, removes evil influences; '
the unfortunate and broken-hearted should seek his
counsel; call and be convinced; letters with stamps
answered. 533 Post, 9to S dally; also Sunday.
A I ME. MORKAU. Bl s M 1 -;T)Tum : REVEALS
■i-'X past, present and future:2sc up.761 Howard st.
A I Mi;. PORTER, CABD- iTeaDkr]" T. i.l.s
Ii- past, present, future: ladies 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st.
"OIARHGHT" IS LOCATKii AT 116 a GRANT
O aye.. parlor 6; oC.ce hours, 10 a. si. to 7 p. m.
A 1 ME. AKNDT, BKST FORTUNE TELLER IN
-L'l the world ; 60c and $1 will show you the pic-
ture of your future husband or wife. , 724 Harrison.
MME. STEWART,' CHILD MEDIUM; THE
greatest card reader and clairvo\ ant in the
world; seventh dauchter of seventh daughter;-
Indies or gents 50c 917 Market . pp.rlors 3 and 4.
HPIKITU
O WAIN'S" SEANCE SATURDAY AND SUxI
O day evenings: Pastoria Sablne, Ph.D.. of Wash-
ington, D. C, will give phrenological readings. 227
Geary St.
SJIEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT: 10c:l SKEPTICS
X-lnvlted. MM K. YOUNG, 605 McAllister St.
CIRCLE TO-NIGHT AT MRS. COLBY 7 57122"i"i
\J Uakst. ; sittings daily.
A I lt-I J.HULTHEN.C LAIRVOYANT.TKANCE
■i-'X medium, mineral psychomelrlst. 1007 Market.
GYPSY MEDIUM-SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
Included) ;25&50e. 946 Mission: hs 10 to 9.
MRS. SEAL, MEDIUM: SITTINGS; TOBACCO
habit cured or no pay; obsessions cured; dis- !
eases of women cured: hrs. 10 to 8. 24 6th, rm. 8. i
■h/T BS. J. J. WHITNEY, .CLAIRVOYANT
■t'X trance medium: sittings $1. 21K Stockton st. .
__j ;
FIANOS. \ IOLI.NS, JETU.
PI AN O "FOR SALE—INQUIRE A VOn'-
dale Hotel, Sixth and Bryant sts.
Hi E RE'S YOUR CHANCE, BAKGAIN-HUNT-
. er— An elegant new Wheelock, bought in New
York only a year ago, price $500. in perfect con-
dition, and offered for any reasonable price by
widow forced to return. East: must be sold
immediately; other high-grade used pianos, Hard-
man, Steinway, ('bickering, etc., at low prices and
easy terms; also 100 elegant new pianos to select
from, THE J. DEWtXU COMPANY, second
floor Flood building. Fourth and Market sts.
40 BARGAIN! fine -PIANO; good
<g-vJ. condition. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
AGNIFICENT -STKIMWAY pTZInO oF-
fered by lady forced to ran with it: install-
ments if required. Room 21, 809 Market st.
o'reoister PEDAL pipe OHGAN FOR
— > Church or. studio; cheap. 815 Webster st.
STEINWAY, $165; WEBKK. $260; SMALL
__ upright, $80 ; • bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
A SPECIAL SALE OF PIANOS. CHEAP FOR
cash, this week at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
HOME IN AND HEAR THE 'LATEST
\J novel the Ossian attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and baujo, nil in one: very sim-
ple; guaranteed to keep in order: call and see it-
beautiful effect. J. T. BOWERS _ SON, sole
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth St., nr. cor. Market.
A MAHOGANY UPRIGHT, CHEAP. CALL
-v at once 1623 Buchanan. .
SHAW, $425; 2 STEINWAYS, $216, $195 ;
Sommer, $237; squares, 525, $55: rents' $2
up, allowed an purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
piANOS- ~~ T ~ ~" . - .--.'...-,
X. Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson: easyterms. V 36 Market st.
9(77)00 SIIE^T MUSIO.I CT. COPY. STAT-
4.\J.\J\J\J HAM Piano store. 106 McAllister st.
G~ OOD PIANOS CHEAP, CHEAP PIANOS
good, at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
HA I BROS. PIANO, PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush & Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 824 Post st. ' ...
C^ONOVER PIANO : AS GOOD AS NEW-
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
CUIICKEKIXG.KNABE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
' ling pianos: see our n«-w piano for $187; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CUKTAZ <fc SON, 16 O'i-arreli.
M. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
■ ** rell, room 1. first floor;. take elevator; pianos
end organs sold for cash or Installments.
AS OUR NEW RENT ~ CONTRACT PLAN
for selling pianos ! has met with great success
we bave decided to continue supplying purchaser*
that wish to take advantage of if please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN, CLAY -_ CO.
corner Xearny and Kutter ats. ■- '.'
17^: CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
<j?X > cl. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., BTEINWAY.FIBCHER AND
other first -class makes of pianos; little used-
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER • «fc
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
EASY TERMS PRICES, ICOULER~_
CHASE. - ~ . . ■ .
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER7
Newby <fe Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD&NEW
H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
QTEINWAY, $215; , WEBER, $265; SOMER.
O $237; WU3V fl2s:i; squares, $35 aud $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st. ' '•-.■■• v :
A RRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
J V grade T. L. Nettmann piauos for the holidays:
prices and terms ' moderate. H. —UEDERS, 82
Ninth st. i • - ;. ; v ' : 1■ . ,'. ■ v
PEN FOX BUSINESS. ~~T~~~~~~:
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
In Ban Francisco. - . J. HARRY SCOTT, .
929 Market st.. Spreckels building.
-CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-TH_
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
nsre free. ■ ■••"•-• .- ■->:■•■
'. SEWINU: M VLHI.NKS. , ;
A KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED^
il rented, repaired; lowest rates.' 205 Fourcb su
-~--w~JiI3Iv REAL ESTATE.
AT AUCTION •
BY
■ SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE _ CO.,
SALESROOM " _ ;
218 AND 220 MONTGOMERY STREET. *
MILLS BUILDING.
. ONLY ONE-THIRD CASH.
BY ORDER OF THE
• M. MORGENTHAU COMPANY,
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1896,
At 12 o'clock, noon,
• We will sell the remaining property of the cor.
poration in
MISSION BLOCKS 144 AND 145, COMPRISING
50 twenty-five foot lots. .
50 twenty-flve foot lots. ■
50 twenty-five foot lots.
50 twenty-flve foot lots. '
50 twenty-live foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots.
60 twenty-flve foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots.
ON
TWENTY-FIRST STREET.
TWENTY-SECOND STREET. .
POTRERO AVENUE AND
HAMPSHIRE STREET.
STREETS ALL SEWERED,
LOTS READY TO BUILD ON.
Title guaranteed by the California Title Insur-
ance and Trust Company foT the nominal sum of
$10 per lot.
BHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St.,
• ? .- •: V ,-;> .•:.. Mills Building.
, NEWH ALL'S SONS CO., Auctioneers.
.f. . a
G?CAfV CASn AND $45 PER MONTH W ILL
♦jpwV/U secure a lovely new residence of 7 rooms,
bath and all modern improvements: lot 28x125;
located in the Mission warm "belt; price $4500; In-
terest 7 per cent. Apply BALDWIN ie HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st., or 15 Chattanooga st.,
n<ar Twenty-first. • - -
<8i 4 /> 7 £\ EACH— 6|LOTs>; NR. MISSION ST.;
<f>-.<o 25x70. " - '— o -
$450 each— 3lots; fronting two streets: 25x90..
$4000— On Sutter improved; rents for $30.
$1200— House of 5 rms. : payments to suit: 25x70.
cs3oo— Lot at Ocean View; on Orizaba; 25x125.'
Apply to H.C. DDECKErR r Market, opp. sth.
FOR SALE-BARGAIN: 2 NICE FLATS: 5
and 6 rooms. 533 and 535 Frederick st., near
Stanyan: apply 1 to 4 r. m.
C. BEMIS. : : '
. ' real estate AND land AGENT,
324MONTGOMER V st.
FOR SALE. A.
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; as a
whole or in subdivisions. -' . •
$11,000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker st.; 55x
137:6 feet. .
$2600— E. side of stanyan- St., bet. Carl and
Frederick: 25x100 feet.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet. ; ■ •
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay. . . - .'
- $6000—2 modern houses *of 8-' rooms, each, at
park: 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-r.oomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$400— Lot on Duncan-st., bet. Noo and Castro: 25
_114 feet. • .
$8500-Elega4it NW. corner of Cole and Curl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
IBSION-ST. INVKSI'MENT — BUSINESS
portion of the street; large io[ and brick build-
Ing; can be altered at small cos: to pay well.
THOMAS MAGEE «fc SONS, 4 Montgomery st.
ajKAAA RENTS $80; 2 HOUSES OF 4
<±p<J\J\J\J. tenements each; •on Filbert st; 23x
137:6. to rear street: street ■ work done; house on
rear street, only 5 years old ; this property must be
sold- title perfect; make an oft'er : H. MURPHY,
628 Market st.
(Iti^nn FOR SALE— COTTAGE 4 ROOMS
>{PX\J\J\J. and bath. 11 Florence st.\ off Yallejo,
bet. Jones and Taylor.
Ti^Oß SALE— CHEAP: LOT 25x125; WITH
X 1 new cottage of 5 rooms; 131 Diamond st. An-
P1y412 22d st. . '
flt 1 l\lif\ FINE CORNER; 104x100; ON
— \J\J\J. Cal. and Nc-v. R. R. in Berkeley; $50
rtown, $15 monthly. •
$360— 1 acre hili land; $5 monthly.
$750— Business lot: 50x100: $10 monthly.
$200- Lot 25x100: $5 down, $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st. ■ '■■
OR BALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
In Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
28V2 Zoe st., city. ■
0 FLATS, 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-WIN-
«Jdow, mantels. etc., built fors32oo; 5-room cottage
and bath. $1500. JASMcCONAHAY.II49 Mission
HOUSE OF" 5 ROOMS, -BATH, LARGE CEL-
larand garden, lot 22:6x96. 2439 Larkin st.
A \VE*;K-S NEWS FOR 5.: CENTS—
A. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. ■
— — — — __________ ___
aiOJMIiK To LO.i>.
Q^nnflnn o^EA"STrTE; LOWEST
<J?UUU,UUUrates. A.SCHULLER.SOB Mon'.^ry
■] AND 2D MORTGAGES FURNITURE AND
X pianos; no removal. 325 Montgomery St.. r. 25.
MONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGE OR COL-
laterals; low rate. J. E. DAMON. 803 Montg.
\.\ Oi;li.AGKs, BATE LOANS, WAR-
i'A rants. SALOMON „ CO., Montgomry,r.2l4.
A_LAN D LOANS OX iTEAIi ESTATE;
first mortgages secured on short notice: cur-
rent rates of interest. . HUGH M. CAMERON,
Broker, 479 Ninth st., Oakland. ' •
\/f ONEY TO LOAN; PRIVATE. 410KEARNY
i-'X st., room 6.
A DVANCESON DIAMONDS.JEWELRY, ETO ;
X— Columbia Loan <t Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye. •
NY" AMOUNT. IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
X— estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McC'OLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
OANS IN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
Loan Association, cor. Battery and Pine sts.
ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
■ other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market st.. ur. Mason: private entrance 7 Turlc.
IRECT FROM US. ON YOUR FURNITUR-
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low Interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donohoe bulld'g. 1170MarKetst.
ST 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
itates-.loweßt rates:no deIay.MURPHY.62BMrkU
'-■ '■-■ / -. PAWNBROK JSKS. 'f.
t"i26"^EARNY~' sf;r~ROOM~9^MON_ V
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. ; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal j cheap. . '
t>ENTISTS. .
xJn^^wTjrTTi^l^wesi" plrices!
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rra. 1.
ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
1 five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT a PLATE. DR. h.
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk 81. __;
1 R. GEORGE V.\ LEEK. THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction.
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
I>A INXESS EXTRACTION. 50c; : CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up;"l3 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 81534 Geary.
1 It. H. H. SHAW, 224 KE ARN V — BRIDGE-
U, work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. ;■ :■ .
DR. L. T. CRAKZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st:, cor. Grant aye.
riROOME DENT A_ ASSOCIATION,. 7S9 MAR- ,
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas apecialiats; only reli-
able agent for painless 'extraction: I artificial teeth
frcn $5: fillisga frm $1 ; extracting 60c. with gas $L
CTjrT A SET FOX TEETH; WARRANTED A3
«Jp I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMs^
dentist, 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
1 IL LUDLUM UlhtJ, ■:• 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charg» for extracting when
plates are made: ( old plates made over like new; I
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gaa given.
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 808 XaF
/ ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. ; ; -.-\
R7j7j7LEEK, 1206 MA RKET, COrTgOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open ; evenings^ . Snpdays till noon.
ALL WOBK .REASONABLE - AND" : WAfr
ranted. ; DR. J. W. KEY, U22 Martet st. ; ■
COIjNTKT ItKAL ESTATE. .1
T?DWIN K. ALSIP A CO. '
■ REAL ESTATE DEALERS.
SACKAMENTO AND SAN FRANCISCO.
©19 (\C\f\ A *IWK COUNTRY HOME AND
til/ J.-.UUU, ranch, consisting of 183 acres, only
nve minutes' walk from Madrone Station. Sonoma
county; fine house, barns and outbuildings that
cost more than is being ashed for the whole place;
15 acres in bearing orchard; 60 acres ingrain; all
nnesoil; some redwood timber; creek forms one
boundary; must be sold in thirty days.
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO.,
- . 29 Second Floor Mills Building.
WANTED— A RELIABLE, WELL-RECOM-
' » mended farmer-tenant ■ for a .200 acres good
level ranch at Woodside, San Mateo County; take
charge at once; crop this season volunteer hay
and summer fallow half th,e ranch; place suited
for dairy; has a new 7-roomed house; close to
school. Apply to L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay St.,
S. F. Terms liberal.
"I A|) ACRES OF PRIME LAND, ONE MILE
V . rom " lciu ; IP acres of assorted fruit,
and all necessary improvements; this is an ele-
gant home; terms easy. J. B. MIHAN. 509
Kearny st. v-'"^^
W AN TED - TO LEASE RANCH; RENT MUST
TT he low. R.. box 12, Call. .
C\RANGE BLOSSOM COLON> . ~ ~
\J on OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO.. CAI*
jjeautirui young orange eroves in tracts of 5 acre*
and upward lyini? along the Stanislaus Biver, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal statloa
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
etockton and iierced. The Stanislaus and Saa
JoaquJn Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property tuu - a per- ■
petual water right. .
We are prepared to sell portions or the property
her unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels. Mediterranean Sweeta and Ma.lt.esa
Bloods. - Th« property is under the immediata
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who bas received diplomas and medals at ei°-h":
difterent county fairs In the State and for a small
consideration cared ior Uie orange jjrovea for non-
residents. . .
A high and dry country, with a perfect na'ural
drainage system. All kinds of Bmall gamo near by
anords excellent sport for hunters. •
Prices for land, including a perpetual water rlsrht
nna planted to oranije ttt.'s, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land witn fully paid up water rights. $70
per acre. Tenn3: The purchase price payable la
t.ix annual payments, without Interest; title per-
itct and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, »l.
Cress
KABTOJN, ELDRIDOE & CO., " '
tS3B Market Street. .
• ■ ban Francisco, CsL,
Or F. T. KNEWINO, our representative, >
<_ Oakdale, CaL
I?OR A LJbf— 280 ACRES LAND IN
-1- Tuolumue County; cheap for cash. 1714 Polk.
ESTABLISHED 1....'... 16 YEARS.
N. D. SICKELS
THE
LAND AGENT. .-
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions); most reliable,
lutes and ■ '■ ■
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America.
820 Market su, opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
(* A A ACRESTOOOD HOUSE; BARN; GRAIN
: *-"-' house; chicken house; spring water piped
to house: large spring which will furnish all water
needed for Irrigation; all fenced; no frosts: one-
qu.irterof tlr-s is the best of oranue and lemon
land; very small first payment; long time.com-
menclnx next fall; low interesit; price only *6 per
acre. WARNER & CO., 465 Ninth St., Oakland.
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
■iJ proved; easy "terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on H and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 682 Market st.. S. F.
ARIN COUNTY— ACRES 26 MILES
J.»X lrom San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 Der acre; terms made
to suit; send for ircular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with rows. . •
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
SEND FOR <il i; list ofT>rchalu> HOMES
O for V.'OOSTKR & \VH ITTQN. S;t» Jo3e.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TO EXCHANGE— BEARING LEMON OR-
chard, .sbooo, Southern California, for Oak-
land or s Berkeley property. J. H. EDSON, 908
Broadway, Oakland. , .
USINESS FOR SALE; GOOD BARGAIN;
home bakery and confectionery; cheap rent;
fine .locution: pays well: owner leaving town-
F. C. WATson, 463 Nluth 6t., Oakland,
(fci FIaTIOTS NEAR THE ~A L .VHEIM IN
•ITIOU, Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast; good Improvements.
H. B. PINNEY owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISE IE NTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAJI^DA F.KAL J STA IK. .
oiTsALin ~~ "~
52200-ssocash; $22 50 monthly; 5 rooms and
bath: new colonial cottage. '
$2800— No cash: $25 monthly; 35x100; corner
house; 6 rooms and batn.
$3000— $30 cash; $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath: handsome new cottage. ■
if3500-$2OO cash: $30 montnly:- 33x150; 6
rooms and bath; elegant cottage on principal
driveway. ° ' •
$3500-$ lOO cash: $35 monthly: . 83x100; 7
rooms and bath; haudsome colonial cottage.
HOUSES TO LET— FROM $10 UP. Vvi
All the above bouses are situated on Improved
streets, near schools and stations; gas, sewer and
water connections perlect.
'. TO LET.
Elegant, sunny and' perfectly new stores, with
rooms in rear and flats above if desired rent rea-
sonable; location central; at stations and on prin-
cipal streets.
C PEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
MARCUSE A REMMEL, Ba/-st station, Ala-
meda. and ti'JB Market st., s. F.
(IJS9A?;n COST $3250; LOT 40x100 AND
vv—nJtJyf. cottage 5 rooms: a. nice home in a
fashionable quarter of Alameda; a bargain for
speculation. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
fiOR SALE— FINE HOME ON CENTRAL
-L aye.. cost $11,500. now offered for $9000,
. choice property; lot 69x400 with water front, offer
, wanted: fine investment in vacant lots. E. I)
JUDi>. 1424 Park tit., Alameda.-
-" SANTA CLARA, COUNTY.
—
, KEAL ESTATE. , • .
SANTA CLA.RA Co'uNTY^ROPERTy" -
O for sale or exchange for city property: large,
residence, .well furnished; beautiful grounds:
i large oaks: smtatle.for gentleman's home, semi-
nary or summer boardint: with 160 acres or less;
: stable, two cottages,' outhouses, pavilion, bored
well, windmill, horse-power, tanks, farming imple-
ments, wagons, horses, cows, pigs, chickens: 30
acres fruit trees, 2, 3 and 7 years; 70 acres In wheat
and barley. For price and fur:her' particulars apply
K. McOURRrE. Lloyd Tevls, Mills bldg.
S.VH .JOSK houses. ~ ~
QAN. JOSE— TW^^'T^tO^^nß^SirjESTcE^
kJ modern improvements: large barn; nice
grounds: within five minutes' walk of the busi-
ness center of the city: for rent, furnished or un-
furnished. Address 255 North Third st.. San Jose.
TO EXCHANGE.^ . ..-._.*
"I nO' r ~EIcC^A^aE~FOR
. -LUU lari;e lodging-house. Apply 217 Third st.
CA ACRES FRUIT AND VINES 40 MILES
*J\J from San Francisco for Oakland or Alameda
residence. L. box 18, Call Office. -.;-. -.:
T7IXCHANGE BRITANNICA ENCYCLOPEDIA
-LJ with index and supplement complete. 29 vols.,
new cost $174;' want piano, bankbooKs or cajh
QIT'T. Address KENYON. 5561, Natoma St.
ATTOKNKvs.AT-LAW. '
'A^ViCETß^E^DTvoltciEXA^S^^^
■"• alty; private: no charge unless successful- all
law suits, claims, collections," wills, de.^ds.'etc , at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 85U Market.
TJ. MURRAY, ATT' Y AND CI )U N SEL( ) RAT
X- , law; advice frte. ■24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
W" W. DAVTDSON, ATTORNEY- AT-LAW,42rf
_ft « Caiitoruia at- rms. 14-15; advice free.
UUILUIKO A.M) LOAN ASSOCIATION.
pONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN AS;
V/.'sooiation— Home office, 222 (Sansome st., S F,
General savings <fc loan business. Ed E. HilLPn* .
Oliver Eldndge V.Pr.; W Corbin, Sec.<feGeu.M»a
AIAKKIA<iK LICENSES.
The followint; marrlas;e licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's oflice yesterday:
Frank O. Hutton and Myrtle Collins, 21-21.
Julien Liehis and Sophie Martin. 24—24. ,
David E. Stuart and Annetta Harrison, 39—23.
Daniel G. Jones and Ann F. Pullen, 27—27. ■'■
Alexandre Claiere and Marie Etchart, 27—22. '
D. A. Fraser and Joanna F. McDonald, 55—55. -
MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
; Birth, marriage and death notices sent :by mail
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be : indorsed
with the name and residence of person authorized
to have the same published.] . .
BORN.
BEGUHL— February 28, 1896, to the w4fe of Wil-
•j liam Beguhl, a son. •'
COCHRAN— In this city, February 5, 1896, to the
'■ . wife of . Hugh M. Cochran, a son. -
EPSTEIN— In this city. February 27, 1896, to the
, wife of F. Epstein, a daughter.
XIGHTBODY— ; 4, 1896, to the * wife of
- Lutner Llghtbody, a daughter. : ■ ■' .
WUESTEFELD— February 15, 1896, to the wife
-■ of Henry Wuestefeld, a son. • , . ■
MARRIED. . .
KILBORN— WEDDE— In city, February 26,
1 1896, William N. Kllborn of San Francisco and
MinuieMay Wedde of Santa Rosa.
■ Bilms, Frederick H. Green.' Hannah
Bolger. John Gumpert, Mr 3. Sarah
'Elizabeth T. r Healy. Jesse
Cain, Edward . Mapledoram, Myron C. ..
Carlson, Louis W. Nielsen, Hans
i Carmichael, Sarah L. ' Noonan; James
Chelini, Annie Illech, Clementine
Clausseu, Mrs. E. . Russell, Michael
Crowley, Joanna Ryan. Catherine
Dullingham. Thomas Scbaible, Joseph
Dyer, Rudolphu* Siebrecht, Gustav E.
. Folsom. Rachael A. ■ Van Kleeck, Violet A. '
Fonclere, Jenny Vater, Karl H. S.
Grady, Ellen . Woods, Henry M.
BILMS— In this crty, February 2S. 1896, Freder- '
ick H., be'.oved husbaDdof Sophie Hilms, a na- i
tive of New Jersey, asrtrd 45 years 4 months and
11 days. A member of Magnolia Lodge No. 41,
A. o. U. W., and the Barbers' Pro'ective Union.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully iuvi ed to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock s. m.. from Red Men's
Hall, 320 Post street, under the auspices of Mag- 1
nolla Lodge No. 41. A. O. U. W. Remains at par-
lors of McAvoy <fc Gallagher, 20 Filth street. '
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BOLGER— In this city, Fehruary 28, 1896, John,
beloved husband of Lizzie Uolger. and father of '
James, William, John and Thomas Bolger and
Mrs. J. Murphy, a native of County Wexford,
Ireland, aged 76 years 1 month and 18 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect- ■
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. M.. from his late •
residence, 35 Tehaina street, between First and "
Second. Interment Holy Cross Cemeter/.
BOYD— In this city. February 28. 1896. Elizabeth
T., beloved wife of R. Harold Boy d, and daughter .' \
of James O'Dontiell, a native of San Frunois.eo, •
aged 27 years. [London and Liverpool papers
.please copy.]
Friends and -acquaintances are respect- -
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW . '
• (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock P. m., I rom her late ' •
residence, 1227 Green street, thence to St. '
Bridget's Church, where services will be held.
Interment Mount Cavalry Cemetery. ,
CAIN— In this city. February 8, 1896. Kdward,
beloved husband of Mary Ann Cain, and lather '
of Louisa, Anuie, Edward, Josephine, George
and the late Wiillam H. Cain, a native of Eng- :
, land, aged 57 years 6 months and 11 days. [New
York and Brooklyn papers please copy. |
- JKS"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORBOW .
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late resi-
dence, 22 West Mission street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CARLSON-In this city. February 27. 1896, Loul* .
Walter, beloved ■ son of August and Mathllde • .
Carlson, a native of Francisco, aged 2 years
8 months and 4 days.
KS*Frlends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY .
. (Saturday), at a o'clock p. m., from the residence
of the parents. 15 F.lsie street, Holly Park. • In- -
lerment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CHELINI— In this city, February 27, Annie,
dearly beloved wlf« of Joseph Chelini, and °
mother of Emil, John, Joseph. Mollle and Annie
Chelini and Mrs. E. Reith, a native of Italy, aged
47 years and 5 months. • . :
fftTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. jr., from her late resi- j
dence, 332 Sixth street. interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. S2PS3
CLA USSEN— In this city, February 25, 1896, Mrs.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Nicholas Claassen,
a native of Ireland, aged 39 years.
JB3" Remains at the undertaking parlors of
Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton sireei.
CROWLEY— In this city, February 27, 1896,
Joanna Crowley, belove.d cousin of "the late Tim- -
othy Murphy and Mrs. Callashan. a native of
Killmicbel, Conntv Cork, Ireland, aged 66 years.
X^Frienda and acquaintances • are resnect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock a. jc., from the resl- •
dence or Mrs. Timothy Murphy; 323 Filbert
street, near Kearny, thence to Si. Francis Church,
where a requiem high "mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock A. M. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
CARMICHAEL— Tn this city, February 28, 1896.
Sarah Louise, wife of William S. Carmichael, and
daughter oi Mrs. Kate Sbowell, sister of Edward !
T., Lillian E. and Kathleen M. Morris, aged 23 ■
years. Well beloved and deeply regretted.
#7j-Funeral services will be held TC-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 :45 o'clock p. m., at the residence,
831 Guerrero street, thence by electric funeral-
car to Cypress Luwu . Cemetery. Friends are
invited. ■; • " °
DULLINGHAM-In American Hill. Sierra County,
Cal., February 24. 1896, Thomas, obeloved hus-
. band of Delia Dullingham and father of Frank -'
and Mary Dulliughani, Mrs. A. D. Summers and
Mrs. R. C. Dyer, a native of , Carlingford, County- •
Louth, Ireland, aged 64 yean. J
DYER— In this city, February 28. 1896, Rudol-
phus, dearly beloved husband of Ros« Dyer, and "
father of Dolphie Dyer, son of R. C. Dyer, and
brother of Mrs. I>. C. Easan, a native of San
Fran • s o ,ized 33 years 4 mouths and f".i days
ftlpThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW '
(Sunday), at 10:45 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
, • lors of Carew & English. 19 Van Ness avenue.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by train. "■;
FOLSOM— In this city, February 28, 1896, Rachae!
Ann, beloved wife of Albert 'and mother of"'
George A., Eucene H. ! ana Henry L. Folsom, a
: native of Guilford, Maine, a red 71 years. °o
fitf"Friencis and acquaintances are respectfnllr '
invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW •
(.Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late :
residence. 2918 Sacramento street. o o '
FONCLERE— In' this city. February 28, 1896,
Jenny Fonclere, a native of France, aged So
years.
GRaDY— Tn thlsci'y» February" 27, 01893, Ellen,
beloved wife of John Grady, a native oi County
. Meath. Ireland, aged 60 years. • - ° .
- -JB£s~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), a: 9 o'clock a. m., irom her r&tn
residence, 6-7 Jfsslestreet, thence to St. Joseph's '
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc- •
ing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross -
Cemetery. • „ 0 o '
GREEN— In this city, February 28. C 1896, Han-
. nah, beloved wife of John S. Greeu and daughter
! : of Michael and the late Delia Garry and; sister of
John H. and James E. Garry, a native of San
Andreas, Calaveras County, Cal., aged 34 yean
11 months and 29 days.
jfc*"Notice of funeral hereafter. ' '.";
GUMPERT— In Stockton, Mrs. Sarah Gumpert,
mother of William Gmnpert, Mrs. J. GJick and '
Mrs. D. Behrend, aged 65 years.
HEALY— In Oakland, February 3 28, 1896, Jesse
Healy, a native of New York State, aged 83
, years 9 months and 6 days. „■ . '■ '•? ,
MAPELDORAM— this city, February 26, 1896, ,:
.Myron C. Mapeldoram, a native oi Monticelio, •■
,N. V., aged 41 years.
flES^Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend" the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, p. ir., from the par-
i lors of H. C. Porter & Co., I'i'Z Eddy street.
' Interment L- O. O. F. Cemetery.
NIELSEN— this city, February 28, 1896, Hans
Nielsen, a native of Sonderburg, Schleswig, Ger-
many, aged 78 years. ■ . ■-.■..
KB' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m.. from par- '
lors of Theodor Dierits. 957 Mission street, °
under the auspices of the German General Be-
nevolent Society.
NOONAN— In this city, February 28, 1896, James,
beloved husband of Mary Noonan, son of Bridget
Noonan, brother of John Xoonan. and nephew of
Mrs. Nora Curran, a native of the parish of
Trugh, County Clare, Ireland, aged 35 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to-atteud the funeral TOMORROW-
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock a. m., from his late
-.residence, 204 Cortland avenue, thence to the
■ church at old St. Mary's College, Mission road,
where a requiem high mass will be'celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ■',
RIECH-In this city, February 26, 1896, Clemen-
i tine Riecb, a native of France.
RUSSELL— In this city, February 28, 1896,
Michael Russell, a native of Ireland, . aged 75,
years.
RYaN— ln this city. February *J6. 1896, Catherine
Ryan, a native of Ireland, aged 65 years. | ?
SCHAIBLE— In . this city, February 28,' 1896.
Joseph, dearly ' beloved husband of ' Mary, and '
father of Lillie and Yera Schaible, a native of
Poltringen, Wurtemberg. „' Germany, a?ed 39
years. A member of parmony Lodge No. 9, A.
' O. U. W. •
jJSS*Frieuds and acquaintances are respect-
-1 fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW, ■
! (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. >c. from his late resi-
" dence, 1115 Treat avenue, between Twenty-
fourth and |Twenty-flf th streets.' Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery. - .
SIEBRECHT— In this city, February 27. 1896,"
(iusiav Edward, beloved son of Marie and the "
late William Siebrecht, and brother of A<Jolph,' ■
• Gustav, Max. Emy and Alvina Siebrecht, a na- 8
tive of Schmalkalden, Germany,. aged 27 years
and 8 months. . - • ; ' -
jgr»~Friends and acquaintances 0 'are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKROW
, (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
| dence of his mother, 36 Tilden street, off Fif- ■
. teenth, near Castro. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme- .'-
-j tery.
! VAN KLEECIC-In this city, February 26, 1896,
i Violet A. Van Kleeck, a native ot Francisco, .
aged 2 years and 6 months. • -fix :■.■:
VATER— In this city, February 28. 1898, ° Karl
Herrmann Severin, only and beloved son of
George and Bertha Vater. and grandson of Rose-
lia Vater. a native of San, Francisco, aged 10
years 1 -month and 6 days. ;.;
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to a tend the funeral TO-MORKOW-
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock p. jr., from the residence
o; his grandmother, 2346 Washington -street, be-
tween Buchanan and " Webster. Interment
> I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
WOODS— In Bueno3 Ayres. Ariz., February 13,
1898. Henry M. -Woods, . brother of ' Samuel D.
. and Rev. James L. Woods and Mrs. F. H. Jones, '
aged 47 years. ■ '
'..: "' UA'ITEd' UNDEBTAKEKS' v
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerais
■ . at Reasonablci Rates.
Telephone 31t>7. 27 and '-'9 Fifth street.
'" WIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNKRAL DIJmTORS & EMBALMIiRS, .
' SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
" Telephone 3080. " .
CYPRESS LAWN GEMETERY.
TSSANMATEO COUNTY; KON-SECTARIANi " :
X laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care; beau- :
Ural, permanent and easy of access: *cc it befoM
feajriliff a burial placo elsewhere. " '
City o fflce, » City. Hall Avenue, ;- .
1516
POLICE TO GUARD
THE TREASURY.
Further Precautions Against
a Raid by Des
perados.
WEAPONS ALL IN PLACE.
Electrical Alarm Signals Are to
Be Thoroughly Over
hauled.
SUPERVISOR TAYLOR'S FEARS.
He Gave the Order to Buy Firearms
and to Be Prepared for
an Attack.
The City authorities have not relaxed |
The Five Exits Through Which the Robbers Could Have Escaped After Looting
the Treasury. Crosses Show the Exits.
their vigilance in guarding against any
designs that the desperate gang of bank
robbers operating in this City may have
against the treasury, but on the contrary
are redoubling their precautions.
The matter was discussed on all sides
yesterday and the opinion was unanimous
that had the warnings not reached official
ears and preparations been made, a few
cool-headed robbers miiint have had an
easy time is capturing thousands of dol
lars in gold, even though they did not suc
ceed in making their escape from the hall.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors evidently thought the matter
of a very serious nature, for Chairman
Taylor instructed Clerk Kussell to draft a
resolution directing the Chief of Police to
detail a policeman to guard the treasury
door from the hour of opening in the
morning until the vault is locked up for
the night. The coin u> considered safe
after the vault doors are closed, as the de
pository is of steel and so strongly con
structed as to be calculated to resist any
attack that safe-crackers might make on it.
A similar resolution was passed several
years ago wtien the authorities had reason
to believe that covetous eyes were on the
coin sacks, but as the danger passed the
patrolman was withdrawn and for some
time past the corridor has been without a
police guard over the hundreds of thou
eands of dollars carried by the treasury.
, Nor has Treasurer Widber been idle. A
system of electric wires connects the office
with the headquarters of the Police De
partment, and tor fear that they may have
lost their efheacy through lack of use a
thorough overhauling has been ordered,
and it is not improbable that the appli
ances will be improved by putting in the
most modern discoveries in that line.
Another change was noticed by those
who passed the treasury after closing
hours yest-rday. For years past the fact
that no more coin would be paid out for
the day was at once apparent to those who
called at the office after 4 o'clock from the
fact that curtains inscribed with tne word
"closed" obscured the glass portion of the
doors and prevented a view of the treasury
being obtained. Yesterday the curtains
were not in evidence after 4 o'clock, though
the doors were locked and a view of the
counters and upper portion of the safe was
obtainable.
Supervisor Taylor said yesterdny that
he was very glad that preparations had
been made for an attack.
"Soon after the robbery of the Market
street bank," be said, "the treasury officials
Bpoke to me about properly arming the
piace, savins that all the weapons they
had were their own pocket-pistols, that
were not particularly efficient weapons.
"I told them to buy whatever was neces-
Bary for the defense, for it seemed very
plausible to "tne that such a gang as did the
Market-street job would not stop for a
moment if it thought it could safely get
away with the money. I told them to ro
ahead and get guns and be prepared for
the robbers when they came.
"The treasury is certainly very favorably
situated for such an attempt, and without
preparations having been made before
hand the cbances of success would be
good. Now, however, the robbers would
probably onJy go out to the Morgue."
At the treasury the officials were the
object of much attention all day yesterday
from their friends and curiosity-seekers,
who peered through the doors and specu
lated on where the deadly guns were
hidden.
Louis Jacobs, the chief deputy, was kept
busy answering questions regarding the
preparations that had been made and ex
hibited the sawed-off shotguns with their
HEW TO'DAT.
In Curing
Torturing
Disfiguring
Skin Diseases
(uticura
Works Wonders
fiVco * CuinciX Co«r., Sole Fropt., Boitoa, V. 0. A.
heavily loaded buckshot cartridges a dozen
times during the day.
He admitted tliatthe office had been
prepared for any emergency that might
arise, but on the subject of the warning
was reticent, declining to talk of it on the
ground that enough had already been said
and that any further publicity might put
it into the heads of other robbers to plan a
raid.
The police were equally reticent, claim
ing that the preparations that had been
made to resist an attack were merely the
ordinarj' precautions suggested by the
Market-street affair.
CALLED HIM A CUR.
Mate Johnson, Formerly of the Excel-
sior, Wins a Libel Suit Against
the Captain.
The definitions of such words as "cur,
scrub and yahoo" cut an important figure
in a libel suit tliat was tried before Justice
of the Peace Groezinger yesterday. Gun
der Johnson asked $299 damages from J.
F. Higgins, because the latter had applied
the terms mentioned to him in a letter.
Johnson was first officer of the steam
schooner Excelsior, of which Higgins was
the captain.
The latter had a friend named Gilliam,
whom he desired as first ollicer of his ship
and though — as testified by other officers
of the vessel — Johnson was an efficient
officer, Higgins finally sjcceeded and
Gilliam was installed.
As changes made under such circum
stances are not permitted by the Marine
Engineers' Association, of which Johnson
is a member, a letter was addressed to
Captain Higgins on the subject. In reply
he spoke of Johnson as a scrub, a cur and
a yahoo, though the latter expression was
scratched, as though the mariner had in
tended to eliminate it from his comiuuni-
cation. Practically no defense was made
by Higgir.s and on the attorneys for John
son readme Webster's definition of the
words the Justice intimated that he would
give judgment for the mate, but stated
that he would take until to-day to think
over the amount he would award the
plaintiff.
REUBEN RICKARD IS DEAD
The Mining Man and Capitalist
Dies in Western Aus
tralia.
Planning a Railroad From Coolgardie
Mines to the Sea — Children in
Berkeley.
Reuben Rickard, for many years one of
the best known silver and lead mining
men on this coast, died Thursday in West
ern Australia.
A cablegram was received in this City
yesterday by Thomas Rickard apprising
him of his father's death. The message
came from Thomas Rickard, a brother of
the deceased, and was sent from Albany,
the capital of Western Australia and the
extreme southwest corner of the lone con
tinent. It is beiieved, however, that Mr.
Rickard died at Perth, a port about 100 miles
to the northward, for at the time of writ
ing his last letter to his son, which came
by the steamer Monowai, be mentioned
the prevailing excessive heat and its fatal
effects upon many of the inhabitants, and
added that he purposed to remain in Perth
until the oppressive temperature should
subside when he would go inland to the
arid Coolgardie mining region.
It was in connection with these mines
that Mr. Rickard left here on he steamer
Mariposa the 14th of last November. He
had accepted a commission from an Eng
lish synd icate at $10,000 a year to look
out for investments in Western Australia,
and he was allowed his expenses and an
assistant. At the time of his" death he
was investigating the practicability of con
structing a railroad from the waterless
country about the Coolgardie mines to Es
perance Bay, a point about 100 miles east
of Albany and probably 250 miles from the
mines, the purpose being to transport the
ores to water.
Twenty years ago Mr. Rickard became
superintendent of the celebrated Rich
mond Mining Company at Eureka, Nev.
Identified with the Richmond silver and
lead industry during the yeare when it
paid large dividends he finally, about five
years ago, retired from the business a rich
man. Subsequently he was engaged in
experting mines for different English com
panies.
A little over a year ago he went
to Denver to take temporary charge of a
mine belonging to his brother while the
latter was absent in London completing
arrangements for the sale of the property.
While in Denver Mrs. Rickard suddenly
died, and it was largely due to a desire to
have something to occupy his time that
the capitalist decided to resume an active
life, and went to Australia.
Reuben Rickard was about 55 years of
age. He leaves three children residing; in
Berkeley. The eldest, Thomas Rickard,
the well-known local singer, and a gradu
ate of the State University, is in the em
ploy of the Parne-Lacy Company of this
City. Edgar Rickard, the younger son, is a
post-graduate student at Berkeley, and
like bis brother was identified with the
college glee club.
Miss Rickard, the only daughter, is soon
to be married to Mr. Fisher of Denver, a
graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology. In fact, Mr. Fisher started
from Denver a few days ago. By a sad
coincidence the invitations to the wed
ding were seat out on the very day that
Mr. Rickard died.
About six years ago the second son met
a tragic death at Berkeley resulting from
a collision on the football field.
Arthur Rickard, the Colorado State Min
eralogist at Denver, is a nephew of the
deceased.
To his intimate business associates Reu
ben Rickard was known as a man of busi
ness integrity and a man of genial and
charming personality, his regard for his
family being a particularly noticeable
trait of his character.
In the army officers salute by dropping
the point of the sword : also By lowering
the colors and beating the drums. In the
navy salutes are made by discbarges of
cannon, striking the colors or topsails, or
by volleys of small arms. Ship's always
salute with an odd number of guns, and
galleys with an even number.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1896.
MR. BRETZ WEDS
AND RUNS AWAY
The Sequel of a Secret
Sensational Double
Marriage.
A GOOD-BY AT THE GATE
Mysterious Flitting of the Erratic
Groom With His Friend
From Place to Place.
HIS OFFICE PLACE IS EMPTY.
It Is Reported That He Will Return
to This City From Stockton
This Morning.
Young, boyish J. Clifford Bretz, whose
sensational marriage to Miss Maud Itsell
occurred last Tuesday, is still keeping up
the sensation by running away and leav
ing his bride in desolation at her parents'
home.
Bretz is the son of Assemblyman Bretz,
the editor of the Populist paper of Ala
meda, and is chief deputy in the Street
Department of Oakland. On the day of
his wedding he with Miss Maud Ilsell ac
companied Seabury B^ Peterson and Miss
Ida Itsell to the office of Justice of the
Peace Groezinger, where the latter couple
were wedded. Immediately after the cere
mony Bretz and Maud concluded to make
it a double marriage, and, procuring a li
cense, all returned to the office of the
Justice, and the second couple were made
husband and* wife.
Seabury and-the lady, now his wife, had
long been engaged, and their marriage,
though a recent one, was the result of a
sincere attachment for each other and a
real or fancied opposition on the part of
their parents. But the marriage of Bretz
and Maud was a surprise even to them
sflves. They caught the spirit of matri
mony from the first ceremony, and with
out a thought of the serious consequences,
were tied hard and fast.
The four people went to the Cliff House,
where they had a wedding supper, and re
turned about 10 that night to the residence
of the sister-brides.
The two grooms took themselves to a
hotei downtown. Next day Peterson re
turned to the Itsell residence and claimed
his bride. Then there was consternation
in that family, but there was something
even more when it was learned that Maud
was also a wife. Bretz did not follow his
brother-in-law in this &a in the first per-
Mr. and Mrs. J. Clifford Bretz, Whose Brief Marital Venture Is the Sensation
of the. Hour.
[Drawn from photographs.]
formance, but remained away and ha 3 not
yet come to claim his bride. The mother
of the deserted bride is prostrated with
grief, and the mystery of the sensational
affair thickens.
Young Bretz returned home Friday
looking much the worse for wear and
complained of being sick. He went to
ward his office, but failed to show up
there. He was seen on Saturday in this
City with his friend Eddy Peck of Ala
nieda and a cousin named King. They
visited the Cliff House, and on Monday
Bretz telegraphed to the office at Oakland
that he was sick and unable to work.
On Tnursday Assemblyman Bretz called
at the ltsell house seeking for his son.
There he lirst learned that the young
street deputy had deserted his bride so un
manly. The father assured the distracted
mother that he would do all in his power
to bring his boy back to a sense of his
honor and duty.
"I have not seen my son since last Fri
day," said he last night. ''He then said
nothing to me about his marriage or his
hasty disappearance. He was blue when
I spoke to him and had been blue all the
week. I did not know that he was intend
ing to get married and I don't think he
knew it himself. He had spoken to me
about girls and I asked him what he was
going to do, to get married.
"He had no money in bank and lived up
to his- means. He has been independent
of me since he was 17. He could not have
had much money with him unless he got
his warrant on Friday night. I did not
know there wa« such a family in exist
ence as that into wnich my son has mar
ried until I heard of the wedding.
"He was not engaged to Miss ltsell, be
cause he was engaged to another girl
named Cantrell, who lives in San Fran
cisco. I presume he was engaged, be
cause about, a month ago he told me he
was going to marry her. She came here
about five years ago from Seattle. My
theory is that he and Miss Cantrell had a
falling out. lie became desperate and
then got married on the moment to the
other girl. Next morning when he con
sidered what he had done he repented and
went off."
It would seem that the decision to go
away was suddenly taken by both Bretz
and Peck. Tiiey look the 5 o'clock train
Wednesday for Lathrop. There appears
to have been no object in their visit to
that place, except that a mutual friend,
Harry Plumnier, is connected with the
railroad hotel there. They went there and
stayed a day and then on to Stockton,
whence the yearnings of a deserted bride,
the disquieting disapproval of a superior
officer where Bretz is employed, the won
derine inquiry of a father, the apprehen
sion of a mother and the concern of
friends seem to have made an impression,
and yeßterday they telegraphed friends
here that they would take the 5 o'clock
river-boat, which was due at its landing
place in San Francisco at 3 o'clock Satur
day morning.
tVnen he failed to report for duty his
affairs in the office were looked into, but
were found to be correct. Superintendent
Milier could not account for the young
man's absence, except by the theory that
he had got into a scrape that had not yet
been made public. His friends declare
that he has done nothing worse than to
get married, and that being over, he will
jprobably settle down to work. He gets
back just In time to save his position,
which would not have been kept open
much longer.
Bretz is impulsive though whole-hearted
and genial. His intimate friends are not
surprised that he should have got mar
ried in the manner he did, or that
he should have disappeared go suddenly
and unaccountably without his bride. His
marriage, though'sudden. had been talked
of between them. The Monday before vhe
marriage, as the bride informs a friend,
they had agreed that the step should be
taken, probably because the elder sister
was about to marry Peterson.
Bretz lived with his mother in East Oak
land, His father. ex-Assemblyman Bretz,
lives apart. Eddie Peck, the best man
and only companion on the bridal tour,
has had his little experience also. Less
'.han six months ago, though scarcely of
age, he was married, and not with the
greatest deliberation cither, to a Miss Pre
torious of San Francisco, andjis the father
of twin babies. He has not as yet set up a
household, however.
Thn whole affair is a nine days' wonder
to all who have any acquaintance with
the parties concerned.
MEN FROM THE NORTH.
They Are to Assemble This Evening at
a Banquet in Norden'n Hall.
The first banquet of the Den Norske
Forening will be held this evening at
Norden's Hall. This organization of Nor
wegians lias only been in existence a year
and a half and has a membership roll of
more than 120 — quite a goodly number in
comparison with Norwegian population *n
this City. Its purpose is principally to.
bring about closer relationship of the men
from the north who li'ave made California
their adopted home, and it is expected
that within another year it will confplete
the original purpose of making a benevo
lent institution embracing the entire State.
The officers of the organization are:
George Heinemann, president; M. S. Moe,
secretar3 r , ana K. Oisen, treasurer.
A LONG OVERDUE BARK
News Received Yesterday From
the Anxiously Looked For
Cadzow Forest.
The Two Vessels in Company for Four
teen Hours Off the Columbia
River Bar.
The long overdue Bricish bark Cadzow
Forest, on which 7. r > per cent reinsurance
has been paid, was heard from yesterday.
Captain Merriman of the barkentine
Gleaner has at last condescended to report
that on January 2!) last, when about
twenty miles off the Columbia River bar,
he was in company with the bark from !)
a.m. to 11 P.M. During that. time the
Cadzow Forest was making good weather
of it and was apparently heading out for
sea.
The Cadzow Forest was on her way to
Portland to load wheat for Europe. When
off the Columbia River bar Pilot Glassraan
boarded her and half an hour later the
storm came up. The bark was blown out
to sea, and from that day up to the present
no sign or word came from her. The
strange part of the matter is that Captain
Merriman finally reached Portland and
never said a word of having been in com
pany with the Cadzow Forest.
He came to San Francisco, arriving here
on the 24th inst., and still thought the
matter of such little consequence that he
again failed to report. Whpn, however,
he discovered that there was 75 per cent
reinsurance being paid on the craft he at
once told all he knew. In consequence
rates took a sudden tumble and now there
are dozens who are willing to gamble that
the Cadzow Forest was purposely taken off
shore by Pilot Glassman and is now beat
ing her way back to I'ortlHnd. Being in
ballast this will naturally be a long and
tedious job, but the San Francisco bar
pilots say that she may now be heard from
at any moment.
Captain (Classman's cruise in the oilot
boat was to have been his last as a bach
elor. If he had succeeded in bringing the
Cadzow ForestJ into port the day he
boarded her he was to have been married
a few days later. When he was blown out
to sea his betrothed was prostrated, but
she has hoped against hope ever since.
The probabie safety of the ship is now as
sured, and gladness has come to the
hearts of hundreds of people in conse
quence.
JOHN I. SULLIVAN.
The Ix « li;tii|pion Will Appear at the
Columbia Theater.
The Dry-goods Men's Association of the
City have made arrangements with the
management of the Columbia Theater to
eive a benefit at that house for the pur
pose of raising a sum of money which is
to be devoted to the charitable purpose of
the organization.
The members have completed arrange
ments to make the tickets good on Tues
day, u'ednesday, Thursday or Friday
nights, March 10, 11, 12 or 13, during
which time E.ugene O'Houerke, the Irish
comedian, assisted by a company of
well-known actors, will appear in tne suc
cessful comedy "The Wicklow Postman."
One of the features of this performance
will be the first appearance in a long time
of John L. Sullivan, ex-champion of the
world; Paddy Ryan, ex-champion of
America, and Parson Davies, the cele
brated backer of famous athletes. The
entertainment is stated to be one of the
best of the kind that ever toured the con
tinent and is certain to create a sensation
when it comes to the Columbia Theater
with this coterie of artists and well-known
people.
The Dry-goods Men's Association will
have three prices of tickets on sale — 50
cents, 75 centa and $1.
Not a Scandal.
A large crowd in front of Groom <fe Ha
gan's hatstore, under the Baldwin Hotel,
yesterday, pave rise to a rumor of scandal,
but the excitement was occasioned by the
opening of a shipment of line spring hats.
The Princess of Wales once confessed
that her favorite dish was Yorkshire pud
dine, her favorite art millinery and her
favorite occupation minding her own busi
ness.
TO TRAVERSE THE AIR
Atlantic and Pacific Aerial Navi
gation Company Will Make
Airships.
IT WILL BE LIFTED BY GAS.
Captain Charles A. Smith's Patent
Sheet-Metal Double-Tube Machine
Has Been Adopted..
A flying machine that will fly ! A huge
creation with mighty wings that will flap
cumbrously or sail majestically above the
City roofs! The dream of the end of the
century! And a San Franciscan has
solved the problem, he thinks, and what
is more to the purpose he has found nu
merous local capitalists who think like
wise.
On Monday morning will be filed the
articles of incorporation of the Atlantic
and Pacific Aerial Navigation Company,
CAPTAIN CHARLES A. SMITH. INVENTOR, AND HIS AIRSHIP.
]From a photograph of the invartor's draiving.]
with a capital stock of from $50,000 to
$100,000, of which in the neighborhood of
$20,000 has already been subscribed. The
namesof the promoters of the enterprise
have not yet been made public, but a
meeting vrill be held this evening for the
purpose of selecting a nominal board of
directors for incorporation purposes, to
fix the exact amount of the capital stock
and to finish up other details.
The purposes of the new corporation
contemplate the establishment and main
tenance of an extensive system of aerial
transportation for both freight and pas
sengers, the purchase of real estate for
terminal facilities and the erection of suit
able buildings thereon. It also contem
•plates trie manufacture and sale of air
ships and the control of patents
and on this the whole matter hinges.
Captain Charles Abbott Smith, M.D., a
pioneer of the pioneers, merchant, physi
cian, miner, mechanic and inventor, who
lives at 111 Polk street, this City, has ap
plied for a patent on an airship "that will
work," and he has for a suitable consid
eration agreed to transfer the control of
this patent to the corporation aforesaid.
So as soon as the incorporation papers are
perfected and the patent is received from
Washington the construction of one of the
airships will be begun in this City. And
this, should it prove successful, will be but
the forerunner in a transcontinental line
where richts of way cost nil.
Cat>tain Smith's airship consists of two
sheet-metal tubes, one within' the other,
the space between being hermetically
sealed and charged with gas. From with
out, as may be noted from the illustration,
the machine looks like nothing so much
j.s a huge cylinder cut in the bias at one
end and having a cone point on the other.
Huge wings, bent to lit the cylinder
when closed, are hinged at the top and so
arraneed with chains and pulleys that
they may be raised or lowered, or even
flapped from within at will. An immense
fan-like propeller, driren by electric motor
or gasoline engine, will furnish the neces
sary motive power, and perpendicular and
horizontal rudders will direct it in the way
that it should go.
The inner metal tube of the machine is
rectangular ana is placed near the bottom
of the outer cylinder. In this will be the
cabins and the engine-room, and from it
to the sides are openings for iight. On the
inner side amidships, is to be a well,
through whicu the anchor or grapnel will
be dropped, and forward is located the
steersman's window. Every joint between
the outer and inner tubes will be carefully
sealed and the space between will be so ar
ranged that the whole may be charged
from one valve. The gas is "relied on for
lifting power and the ship will be built of
aluminum in preference to any other ma
terial .to prevent leakage.
Captain Smith has been an inventor for
many years. He has taken out ere now
fifteen patents on useful and curious novel
ties ana many of his inventions are now
articles of common household use. The
old-fashioned bootjack, whose user stuck
his boot through a peculiarly shaped hole
in a bit of board, and then turned it so that
both the heel and the toe of his footgear
were grasped by the "jack," is one of them.
The button-hook with which my lady fast
ens her shoes was invented in California
by Captain Smith, who sold the patent to
a cobbler for $100.
The improved "finger-board" still used
on combined harvesters was patented by
Captain Smith and yielded him $11,000
profit during the first year of its manu
facture. A ditch-digging, pipe-making,
pipe-laying machine now'used in Los An
geles County was* another of his inven
tions. Speaking of his last triumph last
night Captain Smith said:
"I began studying over aerial naviga
tion about three years ago and have been
at work on my machine ever since. Now
that my plans are complete a ship is to be
built, and it will work. lam certain of
that, and my experience qualifies me to
judge.
"The proportions? Well, a ship 100
feet long would be about thirty feet high.
Its wing spread would foot up 3700 square
feet and its rudders about 200 square "feet.
The gas would furnish the necessary lift
ing power and the proper use of the pro
peller and rudders would enable it to
descend without releasing any of the eas.
"The carrying capacity of the ship?
Well, one such as I have described would
easily support twenty men, or say a ton of
dend weight."
It is stated that the United States Gov
ernment has offered a bonus of $100,000 for
the invention of a practical airship if com
pleted within a certain time, and this, the
new corporation will claim if its venture
prove a success. Among the advantages
claimed for the machine is the statement
that, being made of silver-gray aluminium,
it would in case of war be visible to an en
emy only at comparatively short distances
by reason ot its color..
A BesDite for Turner.
A motfon to arrest judgment and a motion
fora new trial iv the forgery case against J
H. Turner were areue'd and submitted to
Judge Wallace yesterday. Turner was convicted
of forging a recorder's certificate to a deed.
Tne motions were based on error in tne court's
charge to the jury and defects in the informa
tion. Turner was to have been sentenced yes
terday.
OUT FIGHTING FOR IT.
Editor McCraney Talks of Sacramento's
Claims for the Convention— The
National Contest.
H. A. McCraney of Sacramento, Deputy
Clerk of the Supreme Court and projector
of the new weekly paper, the Sacramento
Ledger, soon to De issued, is at the Grand.
Mr. McCraney was for a long time
editor and proprietor of the Lakeport
Avalanche.
"Sacramento is in the fight for the
coming Republican convention," he said.
"We will win it, too. Sacramento will
send some of its best citizens here to ask
the State Central Committee to decide in
favor of Sacramento, and it will tie hard
for them to refuse such men. Sacramento
is the best possible place for the conven
tion on account of the advantage she
posseses in the way of hoteis. Besides,
"the Assembly room in the State Capitol is
tne proper place for such a gathering.
There are many rooms in the Ca7>itol that
can be utilized for committee-rooms. This
is one of the most important features to a
convention, as all' the most important
work is done in the committee-rooms. [
believe the majority of the Republicans of
the interior desire Sacramento as the
place for holding the convention, and their
wishes shoul i be consulted.
"I do not know much about the political
situation as regards the Presidential nom
inee, but I believe Allison, who is ray
choice, has many warm friends and sup
porters in California, especially in the
southern portion of the State, where there
are many former residents of lowa who
know him personally, and no one ever
knew Senator Allison but what they were
forever after his friend. McKinley. too,
kas many friends, as has also Tom Reed,
any one of wbich would make a good
President.
"I do not want to see |California send a
solid delegation for any one man, for the
reason that if that man should not be|for
tunate enough to get the nomination it
would interfere with our petting what we
deserve on this coast, namely, a place in
the Cabinet. 1 want to see above all else
harmony in the party in this State this
year, and from the present outloc/k I be
lieve we are going to have it.
■'Yes, I am going back into journalism,
and expect to have a paper in operation
inside of thirty day?. I love the news
paper boys too well to divorce myself from
them just yet. I look upon the nepspaper
man as the 'noblest work of God' and was
never prouder In my life than when I was
one of the rank and file of that fraternity
and owned and edited a country news
paper."
JASPER MADISON'S RAZOR
The Grand Jury Told How It
Was Used on Hugh
Murphy.
An Indictment Was Readily Found
for Assault With a Deadly
Weapon.
The Grand Jury yesterday afternoon
went into Judge Slack's court and pre
sented an indictment against Jasper Madi
son for assault with a deadly weapon. A
bench warrant for Madison was issued on
motion of District Attorney Barnes. This
same case was once in Police Jud^e Camp
bell's court and there dismissed.
According to the story told by Hugh
Murphy, Margaret Richardson and Dr. A.
J. Villame, a razor was wielded with
bloody effect by Jasper Madison, a colored
jockey, and it was almost a miracle that
Hugh Murphy, an Irish lad who serves as
bartender at the "Richmond," near the
Bay District course, did not have his head
cut off. The cutting took place January
26 last. The bartender had a dispute with
a white customer concerning the sura of
$2, which controversy was adjusted to the
satisfaction of the interested" parties, but
it was not settled in a manner to please
Jasper Madison and another colored
person.
Jasper, according to the story, sauntered
into the Richmond and said to the bar
keeper, "Where's that $2 that the whito
man left here?"
Murphy, with Irish courtesy, responded,
'•Go way, there's no money h & re."
"You're a thief," shouted Jasper Madi
son.
Murphy started out to resent the accusa
tion, when Jasper Madison cried to his
companion, "Hit him with a spittoon,
Eraßtns."
Erastus reached down and prrabbed for
a cuspidor, which lie poised to fling at the
barkeeper. As the bartender, who had
reached the end of the counter, stooped
down to avoid the missile Jasper Madi
son, crouching Jow, whipped out a razor,
and slashed the Irish lad with terrible
effect. A paper collar offered some "resist
ance to the sharp blade, but it was cut
through, and the neck of Hughie Murphy
was laid open to the jugular vein. The
resistant collar was all that saved the life
of the bartender. Seeing the spurting
blood, Jasper Madison and his companion
Erastus fled, but the other men remained
to console Murphy.
"That man's done for; he's hurt," said
one.
"Let's take him to the French Hos
pital," said the other. So they wrapped
Murphy's neck in a towel and took him to
the hospital.
Murphy came about all right when the
gash was stitched at the hospital, but o-n
taking account of his possessions found
that the good Samaritans who had helped
him to the hospital had also helped them
selves to his Watch and all the money in
his pockets.
The Chicago and Northwestern Railway
dusts its cars with a blast of compressed
air from a hose nozzle.
THE PESTHOUSE LEPERS.
A Fund to Purchase a. Japanese
Remedy for the Unfor
tunates.
CHINA ANNIE AND HER MUSIC.
The Fifteen Patients That Are Decay.
ing in the Dreary Molokai of
San Francisco.
Several days ego Supervisor Benjamin
received a communication from frank
Bindt, a leper now at the Twenty-sixth
street Hospital, better known as the Pest
house, asking that the celebrated Japanese
remedies be procured for the lepers here.
The writer stated that the medicine was
the discovery of Dr. Goto of Yokohama,
where it was used with great success
in the treatment of too leper patients
there.
"Several years ago," said Bindt yester
day, "the son of Dr. Goto, also a physi
cian, was employed by the Hawaiian
Government at Molokai, where he used
those remedies with much success. Some
time ago 1 wa* enabled to obtain the
medicine, which helped me wonderfully.
It is from an herb and is used both in
wardly and with sulphur as a bath.
There is no other article known that will
benefit a Jeper.
"From my e.tperi ence with the medicine
I fina that the discolorations on the body
will disappear, and the pain and itching
of the affected parts will cease. About
$'200 worth of the remedy would last the
lifteen lepers here for several years.
"I hope something will be done along
this line that will help us poor wretches
doomed to drat: out our existence in a liv
ing death."
Bindt and his brother have been at the
Pesthouse for nine years. Both of the
young men are natives of the Hawaiian
Islands. The dreadful plague does not
show upon tiieni except in the contraction
of the inner cords of the lingers, givinsr
the hands that clawlike appearance most
noticed in the leper.
Supervisor Benjamin's reply published
in The Call of la&t Tuesday, was that the
City bad no fund from which to appro
priate money for the remedy. But he was
in full sympathy with the unfortunate
people at the Pesthouse, and would do all
in his power to raise the needed funds for
the medicine. He stated for publication
that any money sent him for that purpose
would be used judiciously.
Yesterday a $10 note inclose! with the
request that the sum be used for the
beneiit of the lepers, was received by the
editor of The Call.
The money was {.'iven to J. P. Keating,
steward of the Pestlieuse, who wLll confer
with vSnpervisor Benjamin regarding its
use for t&e lepers. No name was signed to
the generous doiiation, but it is doubtless
a good start in the right direction, and
any further funds will be placed iv the
proper hands.
Fourteen men and one woman are de
caying in the Molokai of San Francisco.
They have no medicine and there is no
treatment for them here. When they get
very bad, as they always do in course of
time, they wrap rags around their fingers,
leps or arms and go on decaying.
The place of tneir living sepulchre is
fitting, if not humane, for a more dreary
place than the Pesthouse never existed.
Like other of San Francisco's institutions
it is a disgrace, a ruin and an eyesore. The
buildings have seen their best days, in
fact have seen all their daYs or asefnlnees.
Tie rain trickles in through every squnre
foot of the roof, and the wind blows where
and when it iisteth through the big cracks
in the walls. Steward Keating keeps the
wards, grounds and the persons of the
patients clean, lets tnem have plenty to
eat and all the amusement dying people
can extract from life, but he cannot rule
the weather nor stay '.he ruin that is creep
ing over the place.
But the condition of the miserable Pest
house of this City is an old yarn that has
been told in all its weary details for years.
Even Chinawoman Annie, the organetfce
player of the leper ward, has a cheerful
ness that is dreary from its surroundings.
She laughs when she gropes with her
leprous fingers among the cylinders for
an air for her little music machine, and
she keeps weil in touch with the melodies
of the day, and all the money she can get
from visitors she expends for new song
cylinders. Her thres favorites show her
varied musical taste and she always keeps
those cylinder! where her almost sightless
eyes and all- but-useless hands, can lind
them.'
They are: "O, I Have Sighed to Rest
Me," "The Man in the Moon" and "Sweet
By and By." The desire for rest, the
lunar lover and the hope of a future
"fairer than day" do not appeal to China
Annie. The sound of her wheezy little
organette cheers her, and in its poor
melody she forgets that she is perishing,
and day by day she turns the crank with
her plague-stricken hand and is passing
away with her luckless brothers.
Roumania is the highest-taxed country
in the world.
MEW TO-DAT.
PADEREWSKI,
THE GREATEST LIVING
PIANIST, PLAYS THE
STEINWAY !
Which is pre-eminently
the best Piano manufac-
tured.
SHERMAN, CLAY & co.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.,
Kearny and Sutter St-eets.
OAKLAND. Cal.; ttroadwar and Thlr.eenth Sti.
PORTLAND, Ur., Fifth and Yamhlll Streets.
SBATTLK. Wash., 715 Second Street.
PATROSIZE HOME INDUSTRY.
BUY DIRECT FROM THE
MANUFACTURER.
REFI>'ED BAB IKON ..••1.75 base
ANGLE IROX ...'..". 2.25 flat
BAND IRON • 2.10 •'
Bound Edge Tire Steel 2.15 flat
To »■ ......... 2.40 "
Plow " .2.25 "
German Hammered •' .......... 3.75 base
IMck " 4.00 "
aiaclilnery • " •••. 2.00 —
Spring ■ •" ••• 2.50 ••
fold Boiled - " 3.25 •♦
Finished Shafting. 3.25 ••
Terms .—Cash. , F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUDSON MTG. GO.
City Office*:— Cor. Howard & Beale Sts.,
- SAJJ I'BANCISCO.