VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 152.
CRIPPLE CREEK
LIES IN ASHES
Completely Destroyed by a
Second Incendiary Con
flagration.
MANY LIVES ARE LOST.
Tremendous Explosions Scatter
Death While the Flames
Are Raging.
THIEVES SHOT WITHOUT MEECY
Their Bodies Left in the Burning
Buildings— A Thousand People
Homeless.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., April 29.— A1l
of the business district of Cripple Creek
spared by the fire of last week was burned
to-day. At least a dozen lives were lost
and as many more persons badly injured.
There is nothing left in Cripple Creek but
the houses on the hill. The town is prac
tically wiped out. -The people are almost
in despair. Mayor Steele has invited as
sistance from neighboring lowns in the
way of tents for the homeless, but the
police department feels able to cope with
the situation.
Allthatis left of the camp is "Old Town"
over to the east, Capitol Hili, the residence
section northward, and scattering places
about the Florence and Cripple Creek
yards. West Cripple Creek, across the
Freeman placer, was also spared. The loss
cannot fall short of $2,000,000.
All the substantial business houses of
both brick and wood, the leading hotels,
oflice buildings and better class of retail
shops went up in smoke or lay in chaos as
the result of the use of dynamite exploded
tv stay the names. The conflagration
ended only when the residence portion
was reached and open spaces occurred
across which the flames could not reach.
Added to the horror of the day was the
shooting of many thieves caught looting
the coins. Five were shot in town to-night
and two in .Poverty Gulch. Twenty-five
firemen were injured during the day. The
ruins are still blazing fiercely. People
have sought .refuge in boxcars, sampling
works and shafthouses. Two trainloads
have gone to Victor and one to GiiJette.
\\ ord I.as been received of the starting of
relief trains with bedding, provisions and
clothing from Denver and Colorado
Springs.
Fire has broken out in West Cripple
Creek to-nisiht, but, this section being
Jargely of scattered cabins and cottages,
it will not be very serious.
To-day's fire, which was of undoubted
incendiary origin, started in the Portland
Hotel on Second street shortly after noon.
A brisk breeze from the south was blow
ing at the time, and the fire rapidly gained
such headway that even with a good
water pressure the Fire Department was
unable to check the progress of the in
creasing flames. The Portland was a
great rattle-trap, and offered the best of
kindling for the beginning of a conflagra
tion.
The entire population was quickly set
into a panic by this fire, fcthe people had
not recovered from their terrible experi
ence of last Saturday. Without delay
everybody began to prepare to pack up
and get away, but so rapid was the prog
ress of the flames that the people soon be
came panic-stricken and chaos ensued.
It is absolutely impossible to portray in
words the scenes which followed until the
flames had spent their power.
Teams were lashed up and down the
streets by excited men ; people with bun
dles and papers were rushing pell mell
to the northward; shouts, the booming of
the flames, the crashing of fallen timbers
following the explosions of dynamite, all
made one ominous, unintelligible roar.
From the heights of Cold Hill the scene
must have been an impressive one, but
few stopped to witness the sight. Every
body on the hills hastened to lend their
assistance by carrying away valuables,
much of which will hereafter remain un
identified.
At the first hint of looting property the
police, aided by the citizens, gave prompt
notice tbat death would be the fate of all
thieves, but this did not deter the law
breakers. Several are believed to have
been shot and their bodies left to be cre
mated in the conflagration. Rumors of
many lives lost added to the general con-
Bternation, and when the boilers of the
Palace Hotel exploded, killing and injur
ing several people, the panic-stricken,
crazed and excited citizens rushed about
without apparent purpose or object.
The fire originated in the kitchen of the
Portland Hotel, which stood on Second
street, between Warren and Myers ave
nues. Back of it was a lumber yard and
several small buildings. In an hour's time
the roof of the hotel had fallen in and the
flames were leaping across to the adjoin
ing blocks. Booth's furniture-store was
blown up by dynamite in an effort to
check the fire, but in vain. The Maloney
building was next wrecked, with its lawyer
•nd real estate offices; the Fair, a restau
THE TOWN OF CRIPPLE CREEK, COLO., AS IT APPEARED BEFORE THE RECENT INCENDIARY FIRES.
The San Francisco Call.
rant, and then the Palace drugstore, op
posite the Palace Hotel, on the second
corner, above the Portland. Across Sec
ond street, the Masonic Temple, a two
story brick, stayed the progress eastward
and heroic efforts were made to prevent its
burning.
By this time everybody on Myers and
Bennett avenues and on six adjacent
blocks began to move out. East of Third
street embers falling ignited the tempor
ary building hastily set up on the first
burned district. By 4 o'clock the whole
town was ablaze, and up above Carr ave
nue people were moving out their most
valuable household goods.
On the corner of Second and Bennett
stood the Bimetallic National Bank, and
next to it, in the Cripple Creek Mining
Exchange, was the temporary home of the
First National Bank. All the money was
locked up in the vaults and the place aban
doned when the names crowded the clerks
out. North of the banks were the tele
graph and telephone offices, which had to
be abandoned.
Late in the afternoon the wind veered
around to the east, driving the course of
the conflagration to the more sparsely
built-up residence district, and the fire
died out, leaving the High School building
the only one of any size remaining in the
camp.
The list of business houses destroyed
would include every firm of any size in the
city — banks, hotels, postoffice, dry-eoods,
hardware, clothing, professional offices,
restaurants, rooming-houses, livery barns,
big gambling halls and many residences.
When it was realized that the fire would
now die out the people who had raced to
tne hill began a wild scramble to find
quarters for the night. Special trains bore
hundreds qnickly away to Victor and to
Florence and to Colorado Springs by the
Midland Terminal route. Others will go
later to-night.
There are at least two dead and several
injured as a result of the Palace Hotel ex
plosion. An unknown man was shot by a
policeman while looting a burning build
ins. Only one of the dead men has "been
identified. His name is Griffith and he
worked at Gold King.
Among the injured is one of the Rose
brothers, of Rose & Leddy, druggists; E.
H. Smith, G. E. Youngston, John Kreiger,
E. Bradley and Gene Leyden, but these
names cannot be vouched for. It. is im
possible to-night to arrive at definite facts
as to names of injured or a complete list
of firms.
STARTED BY INCENDIARIES.
Little Doubt as to Bow the Conflagration
Originated.
DENVER, COXA., April 29.— That the
second conflagration at CrippJe Creek was
of incendiary oiigiu there is no do» il i<\
| L. J. Moynahan, the owner of the Port
land Hotel, is in the city. He says that
the hotel was set on fire last Saturday by
an incendiary, who covered a pile of sacks
with coal oil and put them under Koch's
Opera-house. On the first appearance of
the blaze it was immediately put out by
j the watchman. On inquiry Moynanan
discovered that Mr. Brewer, the Jes«ee,
carried $6000 on one-half of. the furniture,
which he owned, and for which he paid
Mr. Airbeart $800 at the time of purchase.
On finding out these facts Moynahan im
mediately came to Denver and, calling on
tht? State insurance agent at the capitol
building, he notified that official of the
fact that the place had been set on fire,
and also called at the office of the Board
of Underwriters in Denver to find out
which companies carried the insurance.
Brewer's lease expires May 1. or on next
Friday, which Moynahan has refused to
extend. Moynahan thought that immedi
ate action was necessary, as the $6000 in- ■
surance was not canceled on the furni
ture. The hotel building cost Mr. Moyna
han $38,000, outside of the lots. The in
surance is only $2000.
Residents of Cripple Creek are in town
since the first fire and to-day have alike
told of suspicious circumstances attending
the rapid spreading of the first tire. Many
persons in Cripple Creek, havine paid ex
orbitant rentals during the boom last
winter, and finding a heavy stock of goods
on their hands at this time, have been
sorely tempted.
The insurance adjusters are on the
ground, and much light will be thrown
upon this phase of the Cripple Creek fires
after they get together their evidence.
Though the town authorities have been
of late waging warfare on crooks and tin
horn gamblers, maiiy remain who are
practically penniless, and they, too, hnve
doubtless had a hand in assisting the rapid
spread of the flames on both occasions.
President Steelcof the Chamber of Com
merce promptly wired the Mayor of Crip
ple Creek offers of assistance, and then,
without awaiting a reply, proceeded to
arrange for a special train, a chemical en
gine, a squad of police and provisions.
This, however, proved unnecessary, when
the following telegram arrived:
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., 6t. m.— A thou
sand of our people are homeless to-night. Can
you have tents sent us? We have enough bed
ding. The fire burned itself out. We have no
use for firemen or policemen.
Hugh Steele, Mayor.
Accordingly necessary supplies will be
sent down on the first regular train to
night. The Western Union has shipped
down wire and instruments, but will have
only one wire— that used by the Flor
ence and Cripple Creek Railroad— during
the night. The Postal Telegraph will set
up temporary quarters to-night, and the
telephones are working under difficulties.
NINE REPORTED KILLED.
Two Tremendous Explosions Stcell the
List of Natalities.
DENVER, Colo., April 29.-A telephone
message from Altman, on Bull Hill, otates
Continued on Second Page.
SAJS FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 30, 1896.
THE SCARECROW IN THE DEMOCRATIC CORNFIELD.
OOM PAUL SIGNS
A COMMUTATION
The Lives of Hammond and
His Companions Are
Spared.
BOERS ARE MERCIFUL.
Many Sign a Petition Asking
That Full Pardon Be
Granted.
PUNISHMENT NOT YET FIXED.
Executive C:emency Asked by the
Judge Who Imposed the Death
Penalty.
PRETORIA, South ApmcA.,April 29.— Dr.
Leyds, Secretary of State of the South Afri
can Republic, informed Sir Jacobus Dewet,
the British Diplomatic Agent, to-day that
the death penalties imposed upon John
Hays Hammond, Colonel Rhodes and
others had been commuted, but that it
had not been decided what form of
punishment should be substituted.
The Executive Council is now in session,
considering all the sentences imposed by
the court yesterday.
In passing judgment upon the prisoners
the Judge said it was his painful duty to
impose extreme sentence, but he hoped
that the executive would authorize the
same degree of clemency toward the pris
oners he had shown at the beginning of
the year.
Monster petitions are being signed here
and in Johannesburg, asking the Presi
dent to fully pardon Hammond and his
associates. The Boer jurors before whom
the condemned would have been tried had
they not pleaded guilty, also signed a
memorial asking executive clemency.
The State Attorney has ofhciaJly denied
the statement that any agreement had
been made in accordance with which
lighter penalties would be imposed upon
the leaders in the reform movement in
consideration of their pleading guilty to
the charges against them.
HAMMOND COLLAPSED.
Overcome When the Sentence of Death
llos I'assrd Upon Him.
LONDON, E>-g., April 29. —The Colonial
Office has received a dispatch from Pre
toria saying tnat the death sentences im
posed upon the leaders of the Johannes
burg Reform Union yesterday have been
commuted.
The Daily Telegraph to morrow will
publish a dispatch from ' "-- -ia dated
April 28, saying i\\ni .he accused reform
leaders without exception received their
sentences with dignity. John Hays Ham
mond, after being sentenced, collapsed
and was taken immediately to the jail,
where ho was placed under the care of a
doctor and the chief jailer. The bitterest
feeling exists among a majority of the
prisoners, who consider that they were
badly advised in pleading guilty. Fully
forty of the prisoners avow that they could
have proven their innocence, except so far
as joining in the movement at the last
moment constituted guilt.
At the annual meeting of the Primrose
League, held at Covent Garden to-day,
Lord Salisbury said in an address that he
was sure President Kruger would not use
unworthily the power which circumstances
had placed in his hands.
Lord Salisbury referred to the leaders of
the reform movement sruggling for what
they conceived to be their rightful liber
ties in the Transvaal. This assertion was
received with loud cheers. President
Kruger's name was received with hissing
from some parts of the Premier's au
dience. There was a very large gathering
present, but most of those in attendance
were ladies.
BARNATO'S REVENGE.
The Kaffir King Cloting All Hit Mine*
in the Hand.
JOHANNESBURG, Sooth Africa, April
29. — The Diggers' News says: Barney
Barnato, the Kaffir King, is very bitter
concerning the sentences imposed upon
Rhodes, Hammond and others at Pretoria,
and is showing his resentment by closing
ali his mines and selling all his landed
properties in the Rand. The people are
paralyzed at the prospect, as the closing
of the Barnato mines will throw thousands
of men into the already overflowing ranks
of the unemployed.
KRUGER HAS THE PROOF.
Will Make Public Faett Implicating the
South African Company.
PARIS, Feance. April 29.— The Temps
publishes a dispatch from Pretoria saying
that the Government of the Transvaal Re
public intends to publish documents prov
ing that an understanding existed between
the chartered company and the Johannes
burg. Reform Committee fully four days
previous to the time of Dr. Jameson's
starting on his ftiid into the South African
Republic.
Numerous telegrams in cypher and a
code for their translation were found
among Dr. Jameson's personal effects, and
several communications are alleged to
have passed between a prominent London
financier and Lionel Phillips, one of the
leaders of the reform movement, in regard
to the projected revolution. These show
Continued on Second Page.
CAPTURED BY A
SPANISH GUNBOAT.
The Filibustering Schooner
Competitor Comes to
Grief.
AMERICANS ON BOARD.
Prisoners Taken to Morro Castle
to Await a Naval Court*
Martial.
ARMS AND AMMUNITION LOST.
A Woman and Her Child Who Were
on the Vessel Were Taken Ashore
in Irons.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 29.— The Spanish
gunboat Mesagora has captured near
Berra&os, on the northern coast, the Amer
ican schooner Competitor of Key West,
loaded witn arms and ammunition, for
which she was seeking a landing place.
On board of her were Alfredo Laborde, Dr.
Bedia and three newspaper correspond
ents, who are held prisoners. Some of
the filibusters succeeded in jumping over
board and swimming ashore. Others who
jumped into the sea were drowned. The
insurgent General Monson was a member
of the expedition.
The persons who were captured on board
the Competitor, and those who were taken
in the water while attempting to swim
ashore, have been lodged in Morro Castle.
They will be tried by a naval court-martial.
The naval commander is absent in Man
zanillo, and Captain-General Weyler, who
is impatient for the trial of the prisoners,
has requested him to delegate his author
ity to another official, in order that the
proceedings may not be delayed.
Further details of the capture of the
Competitor show that a detachment of
guerrillas captured thirty-two boxes of
ammunition which had already been
landed, and took two prisoners, apparently
Americans. Shortly after discovering the
schooner the gunboat opened fire upon
her, killing three of her company. Many
others of tnose on board sprang into the
water and swam ashore. Among those
who took to the water was the leader,
Laborde, who was captured, however, be
fore he could reach shore.
KEY WEST, Fla., April 29.— The news
of the capture of the schooner Competitor
caused intense excitement in this city.
Many of the young men said to have been
on board the ill-fated schooner have fami
lies in this city.
A passenger on the Mascotte to-day re
ports thdt he sa-v about twenty men, one
woman and a child being landed on the
dock, ail in chains. Among the men he
reports seventeen Americana. According
to an extra published in Havana this
morning there were only four men cap
tared. ( .
TORTURED IN MORRO CASTLE.
Twelve American* Helil Captive in the
Spanish I'riton.
BOSTON, Mass., April 29.— Walter 8.
Whitcomb, the young American planter
whose reported execution by the Spanish
authorities seemed likely to cause inter
national complications, and who subse
qently escaped from Morro Castle at
Havana by means of a rope, returned to
this city to-day and gives some facts
which are far from flattering to the Span
ish cause.
Wnitcomb was captured while on his
plantation, and without trial or being per
mitted to communicate with his Govern
ment he was marched off to Morro Castle
on the trumped-up charge of naving as
sisted the insurgents. On reaching the
prison he was tied hand ana foot with
several Cubans. In the morning an execu
tioner came around and, marching up to
each Cuban, in turn shot him dead.
Whitcomb was allowed to live, but was
thrown into a miserable dungeon. After
a week's stay, and by the persuasive
power of some money which he had man
aged to secret, on his person, he was al
lowed the freedom of the jail yard. This
obtained, he was able to bribe the guard
to get him a piece of rope, with which Jtie
managed to make his escape.
Whitcomb said that he knew of twelve
Americans who were confined in the
pnson at the present time, suffering the
most horrible indignities, merely on
charges raised by the Spanish authorities
that they had assisted the insurgents.
Wnitcomb will start for Washington early
next week to give testimony to the State
Department in regard to the imprison
ment of Americans.
LEE TAKES THE OATH.
The A'eto Consul- General Soon to Leave
for Havana.
RICHMOND, Va m April 29.— General
Fitzhugh Lee took the oath of office and
executed his bond as Consul-General to
Cuba here to-day. He expects to get his
final instructions from President Cleve
land Friday or Saturday and it is probable
he will go to Havana next week.
PROSPECTIVE DUEL
After a War of Words, Lexington's Mayor
Challenges the Ex-Mayor to Mortal
Combat.
LEXINGTON, £y., April 29.— Mayor J.
Hull Davidson last night challenged ex-
Mayor Henry Duncan to a duel. Both
have their respective organs and have at
tacked each other in the papers. David
son appeared at the Phoenix Hotel last
night, waiting for Duncan, but the latter
did not appear. The feud between the
Davidson and Duncan factions is of long
standing. Several years ago Duncan de
feated Davidson for re-election as Mayor.
Duncan employed an expert bookkeeper
and went all over the accounts of David
son's administration, and claimed that the
examination showed Davidson to be in
debted to the city $15,000. Davidson de
nied this, and the fight between the two
men and their friends has been very bitter
since. Trouble is expected.
A PACIFIC GIBRALTAR.
Xhe Esquimau Military and A'aval Sta
tion Practically Itnprermablti.
HALIFAX, N. S., April 30.— A well
informed British army officer stated to a
United Press ieporter yesterday that the
strengthening and equipment of t the mili
tary and naval station at Esquimalt, B. C,
has been going on very quietly for some
time. This is now one of the most pewer
ful and important naval stations in any
part of the British empire. Vast quanti
ties of ammunition and war material of all
kinds have been accumulated there in
large shipments. The fortifications are
very extensive and as impregnable as
time, patience and science could make
them. The expenditure at this station has
been tremendous, nnd it is evidently the
intention of the War Department and ad
miralty to make this place the stronghold
of the Pacific. The officer said it is not
generally known, but it is true neverthe
less, that there was a very large number of
engineers at Esquimalt, and the conclusion
was arrived at in the same quiet manner
that the place should be armed and forti
fied. The works and fortifications at Es
quimalt would surprise the world when
their extent and importance had become
known.
Jtig Fire at White Sulphur Spring*.
WHITE SPRINGS, Fla., April 29.—
White Springs was nearly destroyed by
fire last night. The fire originated in the
White Sulphur Springs Hotel and spread
to the Harris livery stable in the Paxton
block, then to Dr. L. M. Anderson's office,
stopping at the Postoffice and Knight &
Pritchard's dry-goods store. The loss will
reach many thousands of dollars, with no
insurance except on vie hotel. The guests
lost their baggage.
Perished, in a X hr<tmlc« Storm.
IMPERIAL, Nebk., April 29.-During
the wind and rainstorm last night Miss
Leota Brown, aged 20, who had gone to
drive some cattle in, died from exposure
within a quarter of a mile of her home.
BUCK McCARTHY WHIPPED
Chicago's Fighting Alderman Is
Badly Mauled by One of
His Constituents.
Battle Royal in the Leland Hotel,
Resulting in a Number of
Battered Heads.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., April 29.—Alder
man "Buck" McCarthy of Chicago, the
famous slugger of the Twenty-ninth
Ward, was badly thrashed this morning
by William Webb, also of the fighting
Twenty-ninth. One eye was nearly
knocked out and he was thrown down,
kicked and beaten.
The row occurred in the headquarters of
the Second Congressional District in the
Leland Hotel.
Buck was in- a bad humor over the dis
tribution of some delegate tickets and
began to threaten. Webb did not wait for
trouble, but began it himself. He let out
with his right and knocked Buck over a
chair; the next blow caught the Alder
man under the chin and the third sent
him to the floor. Webb then varied the
proceedings by kicking his prostrate foe
in the head, and when McCarthy was res
cued he was covered with blood and was
nearly unconscious.
He was taken to bis room, where a phy
sician attended to him, and later in the
day appeared on the floor of the conven
tion with both eyes nearly closeil and the
general appearance of having had an ar
gument with a threshing-machine.
Several other statesmen also became
mixed up in the row, and a number of
them had battered heads when the hostili
ties ended.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SANTA ROSA'S
GATES ARE OPEN
Sonoma's Garden City Bids
Her Carnival Visitors
Welcome.
ARRIVING BY HUNDREDS
Each Train Brings Its Quota,
but the Accommodations
Are Ample.
QUEEN LAURA RULES TO-NIGHT
Her Majesty lo Receive the Keys of
the City From Mayor »
Jesse.
SANTA ROSA, Cat,., April 29.— Every
one longed for a genuine, professional
weather prophet. Even the local weather
wise were respectfully consulted, for a
shower that came in the forenoon alarmed
the carnival workers. People hastily took
shelter in the stores and houses and dis
cussed the prospect for sunshine, while
the general opinion was expressed that it
would clear up. As soon as the streets
had been nicely sprinkled the sun shone
forth again and for the rest of the day he
did nothing but glow brightly upon the
preparations for the carnival; and now
the local weather prophets are in high
feather, for they prophesied truly and
there is every prospect that the weather
will continue to be warm and brilliant.
The town is all alive to-night. Visitors
have poured in by all the trains and peo
ple from the surrounding country have
arrived in carriages, in carts and on horse
back. Such ample accommodations have
been provided that, in spite of the large
crowd of visitors, every one has had a good
dinner and can look forward tranquilly to
the prospect of sleeping on a comfortable
bed.
Most of the visitors are in the streets,
watching the preparations and admiring
the many decorations which have already
gone up. The marshals, on prancing
steeds, are dashing about, rehearsing for
the procession, and the whole city is one
scene of life, motion and color. Red, yel
low and green flash out from the fronts of
the stores along the line of march mapped
out for the procession.
TLe colors are to be seen in bunting,
cheese cloth and all sorts of gauzy fabrics.
Red, yellow and grean streamers flutter
languidly in the air, for there is little
wind, and nearly every man, woman and
child on the bustling streets wears the
same colors, in the form of bows and
rosettes. Arches, covered with boughs of
redwood and pine, are rapidly being con
structed along the main streets. To-mor
row they will blossom with masses of
fragrant roses, but the flowers are not to
be put into position until the eleventh,
hour, in order that they may preberve
their freshness.
Carloads of roses have been brought
into the city, and cartloads more will be
gathered as soon as dawn comes. The
Athenaeum is being handsomely decorated
for the coronation of the Queen, which
occurs to-morrow evening. Her Majesty
will stand on a raised dais, draped in crim
son or orange, and the carnival colors will
bo displayed conspicuously in the trap
pings of the theater. Behind the throne
is a huge butterfly, banked by masses of
roses. The boxes reserved for the Queen
and her attendants are draped with white
satin and white streamers, and the plat
form is a wilderness of tropical palms and
ferns.
The Queen, Mrs. Laura Matthews Bur
ris, will be gowned in white satin covered
by filmy tulle, and her maid of honor,
Miss Sue Crooks, will wear gold-colored
silk. G. O. Richards, the prime minister,
will have to confine his sartorial ambitions
to a dress suit, but he will add to the pa
geantry by garnishing it with a huge car
nival rosette.
The programme for to-morrow includes
held sports in the morning and bicycle
races in the afternoon, but the chief event
of the day will be the coronation, which
is to take place at 8 p. m. in the Athen
seum.
The Queen and her maids of honor will
ride in barouches, decorated in white,
from the Burris mansion to the Athe
naeum, escorted by Roncovieri's band of
sixty pieces. President J. C. Sims will
deliver an opening address, and Major
J. W. Jesse will give an address of welcome
and present the Queen with the keys of
the city.
A large influx of people is expected to
morrow, but although all the hotels are
already full, such good arrangements have
been made that the committee on accom
modations still has a number of rooms at
its riisDosal.
The carnival committee held a session
to-night and completed all its arrange
ments. It has been decided that prize,
winners shall all be given small silk flags,
red for first prize, yellow for second and
green for the third.
No vehicles will be allowed on the line of
march of Friday's procession and all car
riages wishing to lake part in the
parade must report at the starting point
before 11 a. m. to be assigned places by the
grand marshal. Seats commanding a tine
view of the parade have been reserved for
strangers, so that people coming over on
Friday will be able to secure places as
easily as those who have been here from
the opening of the carnival.
At the coronation the boxes at the west
side of the theater will be reserved for the
San Francisco press.
An interesting feature of the procession
on Friday will be General Vallejo's old
carriage, which was brought out from
Spain in 1834. It is expected that the
general's descendants, to the third and
fourth generation, will appear in the car
riage. The vehicle will be drawn by four
black horses, and will be decorated by
Granville Harris and William Thomas.
Governor Budd and his staff will arrive
in time to paiticipato in Friday's proce*
eion.2
THE ILLINOIS
REPUBLICANS.
Nip and Tuck Between Op
posing Forces in State
Convention.
CULLOM OR M'KINLEY?
Rumored Combinations That
Will Make the Senator
a Winner.
A DAY OF DIN AND CONFUSION.
Captain John R. Tanner Nominated for
Governor and W. A. Northcctt for
Lieutenant-Governor.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., April 29.— 1t will
be nip and tuck in the Republican State
Convention between the supporters and
opponents of the McKinley instructions,
with tbe chances, unless there is another
change in tbe situation before morning,
in favor of the opposition.
There was a time on the floor of the con
vention this afternoon when the machine
was inclined to admit its defeat. This was
before the second ballot for Lieutenant-
Governor had been ordered. The closeness
of the contest for this nomination, how
ever, enabled the anti-McKinleyites and
Cullomites to make a number of deals
• with instructed delegates to some of those
whose conventions had simply indorsed
instead of instructed for the Ohio candi
date, and to-night they are pursuing the
same tactics with the supporters and can
didates for other offices yet to be chosen.
They are strengthened in their position,
moreover, by the development that the
committee on delegates to the National
Convention, the members of which were
selected at the meetings of the various
Congressional district delegations, turned
out to be overwhelmingly anti-McKinley,
the ticket selected by votes ranging from 18
to 5 and 19 to 3. being composed of ex-Gov
ernor Fifer oi Bioomington, William Perm
Nixon and W. R. Pattison of Chicago
and David Littler of Springfield. Mayor
Swift of Chicago received but five votes,
General McNulta, the Chicago McKinley
leader, but three, while ex-Governor
Oelesby was shelved by unanimous con
sent on the ground of his advanced age
nn<l physical infirmities.
The friends of ex-Governor McKinley
insist, however, that the make-up of this
body has no bearing on the ultimate re
sult, inasmuch as the members of this and
other committees were parceled out with
the view of giving each county a fair show
ing on all committees rather than with
reference to an expression of opinion of
Presidential preferences, and they point to
the fact that the committee on resolu
tions, selected in the same way and at the
same district meetings, contains xwo
friends of McKinley to every opponent.
At the same time they are compelled to
admit that under the influence of Senator
Cullom's arguments and pleadings some
of the instructed delegations are getting
restive and inclined to break away. This
was clearly evidenced to-day in the case of
the delegation from Sangamon County,
Senator Cullom's home. It bad been
given ironclad McKinley instructions, but
nevertheless by a vote of 32 to 26 it sent a
Culloni delegate to the committee on Na
tional delegates.
The McKinley men protested and on a
partial verification of the vote reduced the
majority to two, but David Littler, one of
the Senator's closest friends, was in the
chair ana adjourned the meeting before
the verification could be completed and
the remainder of the business finished.
Much of the same methods marked the
close of the first day's session of the State
Convention.
The nomination of Captain J. R. Tanner
of Clay County for Governor on the
first ballot and William Northcott
of Greenville for Lieutenant-Gover-
nor on the second ballot Mas the
sum total of the. work accomplished
by the convention in a session of nearly
six hours. This showing was due in part
to the dilatory methods of the machine
managers, who were anxious to secure
whatever advantage could be gained by
another night of missionary effort, and la
part to the atrocious acoustics of the bi^
globe-ljke structure, which renders it
necessary for announcements from the
chair, motions and roll-calls to be vocifer
ated in turn, parrot-like, by strong-lunged
attaches stationed in the center and oppo
site ends of the hall.
The introductory and nominating
speeches, made for the most part by
chosen representatives of the opposition,
were long drawn out Captain Tanner,
upon being presented after his nomina
tion, spoke for thirty minutes, although
not more than a hundred people in his im
mediate vicinity heard a word he said, and
the bulk of the delegates and spectators
kept up a tempest of ironical cheering.
Their methods, however, had the intended
effect, and when dusk came the vast audi-
ence was tired out. Nevertheless it over
whelmingly voted down a resolution to
adjourn until to-morrow.
When nominations for Secretary of State
were declared in order there was a threat
ened upsetting of the plans of the opposi
tion.
There was a hurried conference with the
chair, another resolution to adjourn was
put in the din and declared carried, and
the chair was vacated before a tenth of the
delegates were aware of the situation.
Ex-Senator Calhoun, the McKinley leader,
mounted a bench to protest, but there was
no chairman to recognize him and the
throng melted away.
With a solitary exception one and all
the speakers to-day avoided mention of
the names of the various Republican can
didates for the Presidency. Congressman
Hopkins made a eulogistic reference to
McKinley in speaking of his defeat for
Governor, but few heard what he said and
no great amount of enthusiasm was mani
fested. The action of the Vermont con
vention, as announced in the disDatches
of the United Press, was circulated over
the floor and employed as an argument by
the McKinleyites with the uninstructed
delegates.
The committee on resolutions, with ex-
Sheriff James H. Gilbert of Chicago as
chairman, was in session nearly five
hours. Much of this period was occupied
in discussion of the money plank, a few of
the members with free s.lver proclivities
favoring a less emphatic declaration than
that presented by Chairman Gilbert.
This, however, was finally adopted by a
nearly unanimous vote.
Congressman Woodman's resolution on
Cuba was also debated at length before
adjournment.
The platform will be presented to the
convention to-morrow morning. Its
financial plank is as follows:
Resolved, That we, the Republicans of Illi
nois, are unyielding und emphatic in our de
mands for honest money. We are opposed, as
we ever have been, to any and every scheme
that will give to this country a currency in
any way depreciated or debased, or in any re
spect inferior to ihe money of the most ad
vanced and intelligent nations of the earth.
We favor the use of silver as currency, but to
the extent only and under such restrictions
that parity with gold can be maintained.
When at 12:20 State Chairman Jamie
son called the assemblage to order, a sea of
10,000 faces looked up or aown to the plat
form. Without any waste of words, he in
troduced as temporary chairman Alder
man M. D. Madden of Chicago, who made
a short speech eulogistic of the Republican
party.
Without effecting a permanent organiza
tion the convention at 10:50 took a recess
until 2 p.m. As the crowd was filing out
s delegate in the body of the hall mounted
a chair and read a dispatch announcing
that the Republicans of Vermont had in
structed for McKinley. This was greeted
with loud cheers, and a blue silk banner
with a picture of the Ohio statesman
which had been smuggled into the hail a
few moments before was waved aloft.
When the delegates reassembled at 2:15
the report of the committee on permanent
organization named Senator D. S. Berry
of Carrol for Chairman and he was
escorted to the platform.
Senator Berry spoke at length upon the
questions of protection and reciprocity.
Upon the financial issue he said, amid re
peated applause:
"The financial issue is an issue that we
must and will meet. The Republican
party believes in bimetallism: they be
lieve in the use of both gold and silver
money; they believe in using them as
money side by side, and that every dollar,
whether gold, silver or paper, shall be as
good as every other dollar; they believe in
the same dollar for the laboring man as
they do for the bondholder; they beiieve
in an honest dollar and in the right and
opportunity of every man to earn one."
When Chairman Berry concluded the
committee on credentials reported that
there were no contests and that each Con
gressional district was fully represented.
Nominations for Governor were in order
at 3 o'clock and the name of Captain John
R. Tanner of Clay County was submitted
by ex-Senator H. T. Hagle of Tanner's
home and seconded by M. f. Madden of
Chijcago.
Congressman Albert J. Hopkins was
nominated by S. C. Hanchett of Aurora.
Dr. Joseph Robbins of Quincy was also
named and a ballot was taken. The first
ballot gave Tanner 1106, Hopkins 160 and
Robbins 69. The selection was made unani
mous, and Captain Tanner was escorted
to the platform and made a graceful 3peech
of acceptance.
For Lieutenant-Governor W. A. North
cutt of Greenville, Theodore S. Chapman
of Jersey and David Ross of La Salle were
named witnout speeches. Northcutt had
a walkaway and the convention adjourned
until to-morrow.
NEBRASKA DEMOCRATS.
The Anii- Silver Faction Has an Inning
and Affirm* and Jtetolces.
LINCOLN, Nebe., April 29.— Nebraska
Democrats of the "sound money school
held their State convention to-day, pri
marily to elect four delegates-at-large to
the Chicago National Convention, and in
cidentally, a* the party leaders announced,
"to 'declare to the Democracy of the Na
tion that Nebraska is not wholly silver
mad."
There was a very full representation of
delegates and an absence of bitter strife in
the deliberations. There was no launch
ing of Presidential booms, the only fa
vored son mentioned being Secretary J.
Sterling Morton, who in advance had" in
dicated his desire that nothing be said in
that connection so far as he was con
cerned.
The committee on platform reported in
substance as follows:
The Democrats of Nebraska, in
assembled, pledge anew our fealty to the prin
ciples of the Democracy. We repel alike the
impudent assumptions of Republican pluto
cratic paternalism and the vagaries of Populist
and socialistic paternalism. We denounce as
dishonest the claims of the Republican party
to be returned to power on account of financial
disturbance produced by Republican legisla
tion, and as equally dangerous the clamor of
Populists and their allies for a more extensive
application for the same pernicious legislation.
We adhere to the time-honored principles of
the party as enunciated by Jefferson and ex
pounded by Jackson, Tilden and Cleveland.
We believe, with Thomas Jefferson, that the
maricet value of bullion regulates the value of
the coin, and not its coin value. We accept the
teachings of economic science that under free
coinage the cheaper money will always drive
out better money, leaving nothing but the
poorer in circulation, nnd that under that
unvarying law the adoption of free coinage of
silver at 10 to 1 would expel from circulation
all tne gold and paper money redeemable in
gold, and leave the country on a silver basis,
with a paper currency and much less of it.
We believe that common honesty and a just
regard for the rights of our creditors, as well
as tne rights of the wage-earner, require us
to use all honorable means to prevent the in
sertion qf a free-coinage plank in the National
platform. We adhere to our previous declara
tions on this subject and declare ourselves un
equivocally and unreservedly for the metallic
money as the standard unit, the bullion and
mint value of which are approximately the
same, and the purchasing power of which, re
gardless of Government mintage, is the least
fluctuating in all the markets of the world.
We insist upon this policy as especially neces
sary for the protection of the farmers, laborers
and property-owning debtors—^he most de
fenseless victims of unstable and fluctuating
currency.
We deny the right of Congress to levy taxes
for any other purpose than the maintenance of
the Government and demand a fair trial for
the Wilson tariff law, under which business
and industry have been recovering from the
paraly tlcstroke of AlcKinleyism.
The platform commemis Cleveland's for
eign policy, denounces the action of the
so-called free-silver Democrats, classes the
initiative and referendum as socialistic ex
periments and deplores the efforts of cer
tain politicians to make religious belief a
test for offioeholdir.g.
Just before adjournment the following
telegram was ordered sent to the Michigan
Democratic Convention:
Alfred J. Murphy, chairman Democratic
State Convention, Detroit : -Democratic State
Convention of Nebraska sends greetings. Ne
braska Democracy stands for honest money
end repudiates the doctrines of the Populists.
W. D. McHcgh, Chairman.
MISSISSIPPI DEMOCRATS.
Claim First Place in the Column of Sil
ver State*.
JACKSON, Miss., April 29.— The Demo
cratic State Convention was called to order
at 11:15 a. m. by C. M. Williamson, chair
man of the State Executive Committee, and
with a few brief remarks he announced
ex-Congressman Muldrow of Oktibbaha
County as the temporary chairman. Hav
ing selected L. P. Smith desk and H.
Doxey assistant clerk, the tempDrary or
ganization was made permanent.
Iv assuming the chair Colonel Muldro*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 30. 1896.
said that Mississippi was entitled to first
place in the column of silver States, that
she was a leader and should put none but
true and tried friends of the white racial
in the delegation at Chicago.
He declared it to be his conviction that
free silver would dominate the National
Convention, and suggested that Missis
sippi demand that a free coinage of silver
and a tariff for revenue only shall be the
•slogan of the National campaign.
An hour's time was devoted to a discus
sion as to whether a new executive com
mittee should be selected, and it was
finally decided in the affirmative. Each
Congressional district then retired to name
two delegates to the National Convention,
and the convention adjourned until 3
o'clock.
Tbe resolutions prepared by Senator
elect Money favor the free and unlimited
coinage of silver and gold at the ratio of
16 to 1, and instruct the delegates to the
National Democratic Convention, to be
held in Chicago in July next, to vote for a
platform embodying these principles, and
further instruct said delegates to vote for
no man for President or Vice-President
who is not fully and unequivocally in favor
of these principles.
A resolution was adopted declaring it
was the sense of the convention that Miss
issippi should be represented by Con
gressmen and Senators who are in ac
cord with the platform adopted to-day.
Mr. Cle? eiana's foreign policy was con
demned by referring a resolution indors
ing the same to the next State Convention.
A resolution instructing the delegates to
Chicago to present and urge Senator E. C.
Walthall for second place on the Presi
dential ticket was adopted.
SENATOR WOLCOTT'S STAND.
Me Plainly State* the Duty of Colorado
Republicans.
WASHINGTON, D. CL, April 29.—Sen
ator Wolcott of Colorado ' has sent the
subjoined letter to the Hon. Irving W.
Howbert, chairman of the Republican
State Committee of Colorado. At this
t time and in view of the recent action in
the Senate of the silver Republicans from
the "West the stand taken by Senator Wol
cott is of widespread interest. The letter
is as follows:
Washington, D. C, April 28, 1890.
My Dear Sir: During the past few weeks I
have received many letters from Colorado
friends on the subject of the coming Republi
can National Convention, many of them ask
ing If I desired to go as a delegate. To avoid
any possible misconception as to my position
I write this letter to you as chairman of the
Republican State Committee. I preler not to
go to St. Louis as a delegate, and have carefully
avoided the slightest indication to anybody of
any sort of wish to be present at the conven
tion in that capacity. I have, however, an
opinion on the subject of our representation at
the convention, which it seems proper that I
should express to you. .',':.
When the Republican State Convention
meets on May 14 it may decline to be repre
sented at St. Louis or it may select delegates.
If the latter the duty of the delegation, in my
opinion, will be to attend the convention, make
the best fight possible for bimetallism in the
committee on resolutions and on the floor of
the convention, if there shall be an opportun
ity for discussion before the whole convention,
and after having insisted by every proper
method upon the duty of the convention to
declare in favor of the restoration of silver as
a measare of value equally with gold, to ac
cept the will of the majority of the convention
and endeavor to secure the nomination of the
candidate most friendly to Western interests.
There is no sacrifice I would not make to se
cure the remonetization of silver, both because
in my opinion prosperity will never return to
us until bimetallism at the former ratio is re
established and because the appreciating value
of gold and the shrinkage of the values which
necessarily follow this appreciation, must bring
only disaster and poverty and suffering to ail
the people of this country who are not lenders
of money. To secure the unlimited coinage of
silver, I would count party ties as nothing. At
this moment, however, the situation which
confronts us is this: Both of the. two great
parties are apparently opposed to free coinage
by the United States. The Populist party favors
free coinage, but only as a means to secure
more currency and as a stepping-stone to un
limited paper money, and it unites with Its
free coinage advocacy, socialistic and pater
nalistic doctrines which are dangerous in ten
aency and which would be, if adopted, de
structive of free institutions.
I know of no fourth party as yet entitled to
our confidence and support, although the wis
dom of leaders whose character and abilities we
trust may find some common ground upon
which bimetallists untainted with Populism
may stand.
Under these circumstances and conditions,
therefore, 1 de?ire to be counted as a Republi
can, proud of the traditions of my party, glory
ing in its achievements and still hopeful that
the great party which has heretofore stood for
the masses against the classes may on this
great economic question yet rank itself on the
sidft of humanity and civilization.
If • either one jof the two great parties shall
declare in favor of unlimited coinage of silver
at our mints, existing political conditions in
Colorado will undergo a sweeping change, and
in this letter I speak only of the situation as it
is to-day. There is, in my opinian, one" event
which might involve our country in worse
disaster than gold monometallism, and only
one, and that would be the triumph of Pop
ulism. Colorado suffered under the degrada
tion and blight of Populist rule for two years.
I believe it is the duty of every good citizen to
stand up and fight in the open against repeti
tion of that ruinous experiment.
One thing further: Our representation is
small at best. To have the slightest weight it
should, if any delegation is selected, be prac
tically unanimous in sentiment and expres
sion. The occasion is not one where personal
ambitions or desire for patronage should in
fluence selection. I have no doubt that the
Republicans of Colorado will select delegates
who are united by a friendly spirit animated
by a common and harmonious purpose, desir
ous of securing the greatest' consideration of
the interests of our commonwealth. This is no
time for differences among our people. I havo
faith and confidence that the way will be mado
clear for good citizens in Colorado to cast their
ballots this fall without sacrificing their honor
or their convictions. ' Yours faithfully, .
Edward O. Wolcott.
.;■'•* ■' ■ , ; i ♦ U ■;■ ;■ ■,
VERMONT REPUBLICANS.
A McKinley Resolution Adopted and
Then Tabled.
MONTPELIER, Vt., April 29.-W. A.
Lord of Montpelier presided over the Re
publican State Convention to-day to elect
delegates to the National Convention. A
McKinley resolution offered by Hugh
Henry of Chester was greeted with tre
mendous applause.
The platform declares unvarying de
votion to the Republican doctrines of pro
tection, reciprocity and a consistent and
dignified foreign policy, based upon the
traditional doctrine of non-intervention in
the affairs of the Old World and t lie mainte
nance of the Monroe doctrine; favors a just
but liberal administration of the pension
laws, an adequate system of coast defense
and a reasonable regulation and restric
tion of immigration. The financial plank
is as follows:
The Republicans of Vermont are unalterably
opposed to any scheme to give the country a
depreciated or debased currency. We are
therefore opposed to the free coinage of silver
except by international agreement, and until
re-established we believe the present monetary
standard should be honorably maintained.
The continued agitation of the free coinage of
silver retards the return of our confidence and
prosperity, and stands ia the way of beneficial
legislation, and is in every respect harmful to
the best Interests of the country. The custom
of not restricting delegates to the National
Bonvention by instructions Is adhered to, but
hearty and loyal support is pledged to the
choice of the convention.
The McKinley resolution offered by Mr.
Henry was Jadopted by acclamation, and
later a motion to table it was adopted, the
McKinley men being satisfied with this
expression of the sentiment of the conven
tion.
MICHIGAN DEMOCRATS.
After a Stormy tight They Indorse
Cleveland's Administration.
DETROIT, Mich., April 29.— The Michi
gan State Democratic Convention to-day,
after a stormy fight, indorsed the adminis
tration and financial policy of Grover
Cleveland, chose four gold-standard dele
gates-at-large and sent a delegation of
twenty-four district delegates to the Chi
cago convention, of whom thirteen are
counted gold monometallists and eleven
silver bimetallists.
The convention was the stormiest ever
held by the party in this State.
The free silverites of Michigan, who in
clude the remnants of the old Greenback
party and most of the free-trade advo
cates, had been re-enforced by a consider
able anti-administration force, which has
developed in Michigan during the Presi
dent's present term. The administration
forces wre led by Elliott G. Stevenson,
the law partner of Don M. Dickinson, and
Private Secretary Thurber, while their
opponents were generaled by Thomas E.
Barkworth, administration candidate for
Congress in the Second District two years
ago; Spencer O. Fisher, candidate for Gov
ernor in 1894; Justin R. Whiting, ex-Con
gressman in the Seventh District; Attor
ney-General Ellis and other Democrats of
equal prominence.
PENNSYLVANIA DEMOCRATS
Declare for "Solid Money" and Indorse
Pattiaon for President.
ALLENTOWN, Pa., April 29.—Penn
sylvania Democrats to-day, in State con
vention assembled, indorsed ex-Governor
Pattison as a Presidential candidate, de
clared for "solid money" and nominated
Benjamir C. Potts of Delaware for Con
gressman-at-large by acclamation.
The convention was always under the
control of National Chairman W. F. Har
rity, who iusisted upon a sound gold-basis
platform, upon which ex-Governor Patti
son couid be placed before the country as
Pennsylvania's candidate, representing
the soundest interests of the country, and
the determination of the Democrats of
Pennsylvania to stand for the Wilson tariff
as well.
MISS PULLMAN WEDDED
Frank Orren Lcwden Marries
the Daughter of the
Capitalist.
Two Thousand Guests Sit at a Ban
quet at the Conclusion of
the Ceremony.
CHICAGO, 111., April 29.— Miss Flor
ence Pullman, daughter of Mr. md Mrs.
George M. Pullman, was married to-night
to Frank Orren Lowden, the son of Mr.
and Mrs. L. O. Lowden of Hubbard, lowa,
at the Prairie - avenue mansion of the
bride's parents. The function was the
most brilliant society event of the year.
Two hundred relatives and friends wit
nessed the ceremony, which was per
formed in the main drawing-room by Rev.
Jame3 Pullman of Lynn, Mass., assisted
by Rev. BbySLl H. Pullman of Baltimore,
both uncles of the bride. The bridal
party passed through an improvised arch
of white and gold enameled posts wound
in myrtle, surmounted by wreaths of
lilies of the valley and mignonettes tied
with white satin from post to post, ex
tending the lencth of the apartment. The
whole house was profusely decorated with
orchids, roses and palms. A musical pro
gramme was rendered before and after the
ceremony in the music-room, where a
superb organ was built for the occasion.
The bride, a s-tately brunette, beautiful
ana accomplished, was attended by her
sister, Mrs. Francis Carolan of San Fran
cisco; Miss Felicite Oglesby, daughter of
ex-Governor Oglesby; Miss Florence Al
ger, daughter of ex-Governor Alger; Miss
Berfha West of New York. Mr. Lowden's
best man was* Henry L. Dawes of Pitts
field, Mass. A reception of 2000 guests
and a supper followed. The bridegroom
is a lawyer of this city.
CRIPPLE CREEK
LIES IN ASHES,
Continued from First Page
that nine persons are reported killed, some
by the blowing up of a hardware store and
the others in the Palace explosion. Many
serious casualties are reported. Altman
reports the town all gone, and the people
sleeping out on the cold hills or grouped
about bonfires.
In the casualties at Cripple Creek to-day
J. W. digger was killed. George Leydon
was so badly injured that he will die.
Others seriously hurt are E. H. Smith,
/jhn Evans, Larry Maroney, E. Broadway
and George Youngstown. •
— ♦
AID FROM COLORED SPRINGS.
Contributions Will Be Made for the
Homeless Hundreds.
COLORADO SPRINGS, C0i.0., April
29.— W. S. Stratton, owner of the Inde
pendence and other rich properties in the
Cripple Creek district, has chartered a
special train and will leave for Cripple
Creek with some friends. ~Mr. Stratton, it
is understood, will make contributions to
aid the sufferers. A mass-meeting will be
held in the Colliseum to-morrow morning
at ten o'clock to formulate plans to relieve
the sufferers.
Early in the afternoon Mayor Bel!, in
response to a request from Criuple Creek,
startfl a special train from the Springs
with 1000 pounds of dynamite on board, to
be used in blowine up buildings in the
threatened district.
Mrlhn-\t Cabinet Completed.
PARIS, France, April 29.— M. Meline
haß completed his cabinet, which is con
stituted as follows: M. Meline, Prime
Minister and Minister of Agriculture; M.
Bencher, Minister of Commerce; M.
Darlan, Minister of Justice; M. Turrel,
Minister of Public Works; M. Hano
taux, Minister of Foreign Affairs;
Dr. Barthou, Minister of the Interior;
General Bellot. Minister of War; Admiral
Besnard, Minister of Marine; M. Co«*hery,
Minister of Finance; M. Rambaud, Minis
ter of Public Instruction and Worship, and
M. Lebon, Minister of the Colonies. The
Senate and Chamber of Deputies have ad
journed until to-morrow, when M. Meline
will read the statement of the Cabinet,
which he is now preparing.
Collision at Sea.
LONDON, Esq., April 29.— The Russian
warship Rasboynk was in collision off
Margate this morning with the German
bark Doradea. Tne warship had her mast
broken and boats smashed. The fate of
the Doradea has not been learned.
RACES ON THE
EASTERN TRUCKS
Carnation Falls Dead in the
Fourth Event at
Forsyth.
JOCKEY CLAY INJURED.
Seamar II Lowers the Indiana
Half-Mile Record a Quarter
of a Second.
KESULTS AT WASHINGTON.
Gold Bo.lar Falls With His Rider in
a Steeplechase— Poor Card at
Lexington.
CHICAGO, 111., April 29.— The first ac
cident of the Forsyth meeting occurred in
the fourth race to-day, in which Carna
tion bled and dropped dead and her
jockey, Clay, was thrown and severely in
jured. The doctors that attended him,
however, could not state the exact result
of his injuries. Charley McDonald also
pulled up bleeding in the same race. Sea
mar II broke tie half-mile Indiana rec
ord a quarter of a second. Four favor
ites, a second and a third choice won.
Six and a half furlongs, Designer won, Mr.
Duniap second, Connemara third. Time, 1:24.
Half a mile, Scamar II won, Clematis second,
Thomas Payne third. Time, :50^.
Six and a half furlongs, Anua Mayes won.,
Uncle Abe second, Otho third. Time, 1:22.
Six furlongs, Hi Henry won, May Gollop sec
ond, Ashland third. Time, 1:16.
One mile, Eloroy won, Fusileer second, Dick
Behan third. Time, I :43Ji.
Six and a half furlongs. Helen Wren won,
Lollie Eastin second, Woodlake third. Time.
I:22}*.
WASHINGTON, . D. C, April 29.— 1n
the steeplechase to-day at Bennings Gold
Dollar, with Green up, lost his footing as
he went over the last hurdle and threw
his rider. Beyond a bad stunning Green
is not seriously hurt. The Clark starting
machine figured in the two one-mile events
and worked very well.
Six furlongs, Tinge won. The Swain second,
Hanwell third. Time, 1 :14 4-5.
Four and a half furlougs, selling, Russler
won, Bragalone second, Stanislaus third.
Time, :58 2-5.
One mile, Roundsman won, Septour second,
Intermission third. Time, 1:43 1-5.
One mile, Brisk won, Dutch Skater second,
Lodi third. Time, 1:44.
Steeplechase, selling, about two and a half
miles, Hellas won, La Fayette second, May
Blossom third. Time, 5:22.
LEXINGTON, Kt., April 29.— With the
exception of Jhe second race the card to
day was a remarkably poor one. Two fa
vorites, a second choice and two long shots
got the money.
Three-quarters of a mile, Sis Alpine won,
Athenian second. Bramble Leaf third. Time,
One mile, Moylan won, King William second,
Sunburst third. Time, 1:41.
Three-quarters of a mile, Loyalty won, Tom
Miles second. Liberati third. Time, 1:17.
Three-quarters of a mile, Strathreel won,
Crusader second, Sir Wellington third. Time,
I:ls*£.
Four and n hall furlongs. La I'rincessa won,
Grace Toffey second, Saukara third. Time,
:56y 3 .
NASHVILLE. Texn., April 29.— The
feature of to-day's racing was the Duncan
Hotel handicap scake at a mile for $1000.
Maurice, the favorite, finished second, and
Ben Eder, the 2 to 5 for place snot, went
third, while Sauteur took the stake, run
ning easily.
Five furlongs, spiling, Albert Sidney won,
Defy second, Lady McCann tnird. Time. 1:05.
Six furlongs, selling, Begue won, Lorrania
second, Minerva third. Time, 1:17^.
One mile, Duncan Hotei handicap stake for
three-year-;>lds and upward, Sauteur won,
Maurice cecond, Ben Eder third. Time, 1:40.
One and an eighth mile, selling, Blasco won,
Lord Willowbrook second, Bing Binger third.
Time, 2:ol^'.
Half a mile. Glenalbyn won, Barney Adler
second, Lord Zeni third. Time, :51.
ON THE DIAMOND.
Winners of lesterday's Professional
Jiasebnll Games.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 29.—Cham
berlain pitched good ball for Cleveland
to-day until the sixth inning, but after
that weakened and Pittsburg had an easy
time in winning. Killen was in splendid
shape, and his pitching and Ely's batting
were the features of the game. Attend
ance 3500. Score:
Pittsburgh 01 0 002 1 6 •— 9 14 0
Clevelands 2000 00 0 0 o—2 5 3
Hatterles— Killen and Sugdeh; Chamberlain and
O'Connor. Umpire— Weidman.
BROOKLYN, X. V., April 29.— The
league season at Easton Park opened this
afternoon under a clear sky. Fifteen
thousand spectators were present. The
Brooklyns piaye.i poorly on the field.
Mercer was hit hard, but his support was
of the phenomenal order, which pre
vented several runs. Score:
Washlnsjtons 20 2 110000—6 7 2
Brooklyns 001012 0 0 o—4 9 8
Butteries— Mercer and McAuley Gumbert, Har
per, Daub aud Grlrn. Umpire— L-yncb..
4»
Cadets Arrange a Target Match.
CHAM PLAIN, 111., April 29.— chal
lenge has been received and accepted by
Captain N. S. Brush, head of the military
department of the University of Illinois,
from the military department of the Cali
fornia State University to try the marks
manship of the cadets of each institution.
Ten men are to be chosen at each end to
shoot at a distance of 200 yards. The local
men will try their hand May 9 and wire
the results to Berkeley, and the Western
cadets will try to beat the Illinois boys
Way 11.
♦_
Great Racing Event in England.
LONDON, Enu., April 29.— The 2000
guinea stake for three-year-olds to-day
was won by Leopold de Rothschild's St.
Frusquin. Mr. Bass' Love Wisely second,
Duke of Westminster's Labrador third.
COSILY FIRE AT DEAFER.
Large Hajrduiav* Manufacturing Plant
Consumed— Loss $150,000.
DENVER, Colo., April 29.— At Lake
wood, a suburb of this city, the Denver
Manufacturing Company's buildings, with
all the r machinery and stock they con
tained, were totally destroyed by fire this
morning. The loss is estimated at $150,
--000. There was no insurance either on the
stock, machinery pr buildings. No lives
were lost. Nothing now remains of this
once great plant, which covered about five
acres of ground, but smoldering brick walls
and heaps of ? burning ' debris. The fire
started about 9 o'clock this morning in a
wooden stable, 7 distant but a few feet from
the east building, which contained most
of j the stock . and ' the brass ; foundry.'
Bparks"from ; a heavily laden freight train
are believed to have started the fire.
- : -'■ ■• -"— — t* ~~~- -' '
'. Fire in a Texas Town.
DENISON, Tex., April 29.— The south
side of the business portion of Paris, Tex.,
was destroyed by fire yesterday. The
Western Union T*elegrapa Company and
the telephone company offices Were among
the buildings burned. The estimated loss
is $300,000.
PEARL BRYAN'S MURDER.
A Professor of Surgery Testifies Positively
That She Was Decapitated Dur
ing Life.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, April 29.— When
the trial of Scott Jackson was reopened
this morning Mrs. Sarah Seither, who lives
on the Licking pike, was called to the wit
ness-stand and said she met Jackson and
Walling on her way to Newport and that
they had insulted her. Dr. Edwin Free
man, professor of surgery in the Eclectic
Medical College, was placed on the stand.
Attorney Hayes put the question, at>d
the condition of the body was described.
The doctor answered positively and with
out hesitation that decapitation must have
taken place during life.
"Could the condition of the blood on the
leaves have been produced by moving the
body if the head wa3 severed after death?"
"It could not except by some person
sprinkling blood on the leaves."
At the afternoon session Dr. Freeman
coutinued his testimony. Chief of Police
Dei ten of Cincinnati was examined, and
at 4:15 p. m. the prosecution closed.
OOM PAUL SIGHS
A COMMUTATION.
Continued from Fir it Page.
that the company had opened an ac
count to the amount of £40,000 to
the credit of Colonel Rhodes, with which
to pay for stores and provisions which
were to be collected at Johannesburg for
Jameson and his forces. It is also alleged
that Cecil Rhodes had personally in
structed Jameson how best to explain the
assembling of armed forces at Bitsani.
The documents which it is said to be the
purpose of the Transvaal Government to
publish are alleged to compromise other
prominent persons.
_+ ■
OLNEY INTERVENES.
Communicating With Pretoria Through
the Uritith foreign Office.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 29.—Sec
retary Olney has been in telegraphic com
munication with the British Foreign Of
fice to-day with regard to securing the
most favorable treatment of Hammond by
the Boer authorities. This line of action
i 3 made necessary by the fact that the
United States Government has no diplo
matic office near the South African Re
public, its only representative being a
Consular Agent at Johannesburg and a
Vice-Consul at Cape Town. Vice-consul
Knight wired that he would send further
particulars o* the commutation of the
death sentence, but did not do so for the
reason, undoubtedly, as shown in the
United Press dispatches from London, that
the clemency shown was indefinite and
does not show how far the commutation
went.
WORK OF THE VOLUNTEERS
Commander and Mrs. Ballington
Booth Given a Great
Ovation.
Plenty of Laborers and Money to Be
Enlisted in the New Army's
Cause.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 29. — Com
mander and Mrs. Ballington Booth were
given a great ovation when they stepped
upon the platform of Carnegie Music Hall
last night, where the Volunteers held their
ranks. The house was well filled. The
commander was dressed in a natty suit of
blue. On his left breast was the new sil
ver badge of the Volunteers. On his shoul
ders were fastened the insignia of his office.
As the commander stepped on the stage
the strains of "Hail Columbia" broke
iortb, and the commander offered prayer.
He followed by announcing the hymn,
"I've Washed Myself in Jesus' Blood."
The chorus was taken up by the whole
house and sang with a vim.
"I am very pleased to have this oppor
tunity of standing once more before my
countrymen," began the commander. He
said it was quite titting that the Volunteer
rally should occur on an anniversary of
General Grant's birthday, especially so as
it was in this city that both he and his
wile were received rive years ago.
il I am clad to be here to-night, for after
all Mrs. Booth and I have gone through
and suffered I feel that we owe you an ex
planation of our aims." The commander
said that he felt that this country was
quite large enough for him, for here were
living Englishmen, Irish, Swedes and rep
resentatives of othor nations — all living
happily together.
"I believe in America and ita constitu
tion," said Commander Booth, "'and I be
lieve the country large enough for fifty or
ganizations whose* work should be the
regeneration of the depraved."
The term volunteer belongs essentially
to America, the commander said, and at
the least this organization of which ho
was the leader did not go to England for
its name. As in the days of '76 and again
in '61, the volunteers marched to the front
at the sound of the bugle, so to-day, he
said, a new danger threatened, and he
found ready thousands only too willing to
inarch to the call. Victory, he said, was
emblazoned on the sky.
After a song Mrs! Booth was intro
duced. She was loudly applauded. She
said in part :
"In times of war the general never gives
out in full his plans— he shows his work in
the results, and," she said, "the Volunteers
were much the same. She felt sure the
V ojunteers would have an army of 10.000
and would have a building of its own.
One friend to-day, Mrs. Booth said is
worth fifty in the days of prosperity. Mrs.
Booth explained that the Volunteers pro
posed to do practically the same work as
t-at done by the Salvation Army. She
made a strong plea for money. She said
that many of the Volunteers were going on
half rations, and it was necessary that
money should be had immediately.
Ushers were sent through the "audience
to take up a collection, and while doing so
Commander Booth read letters of support
from William Eirl Dodee, Rev. Samuel
Viergin, Major and Mrs. Fielding and
several others. As the slips were handed
ud to the platform cheers greeted the an
nouncements. When the meeting ended
there were 210 defenders enlisted and about
13500 had been collected.
LIBERTY OF CONSCIENCE.
What the Czar Proposes to Grant at His
Coronation.
LONDON, Eng., April 29.— The Rome
correspondent of the Daily News tele
graphs that the Vatican officials have
learned that on the occasion of the coro
nation of the Czar a proclamation will be
issued granting Jiberty of conscience
throughout the dominions of Russia. The
Holy Synod, it is added, is vehemently
trying to prevent the issue of the proc
lamation.
England. Launches Another Montter.
LONDON, Esq., April 29.— The warsbip |
Hannibal, 15,048 tons, the heaviest ton
nage afloat, was launched yesterday at
Pembroke. She is similar to the warship
Majestic, recently launched.
liuel With Sahem at Hud a Peat.
BUDAPEST, Hungary, April 9.— A
duel with sabers took place here yester
day between Herr Fejervary and Herr
Korbuly, editor of the Nemzet. The
latter was seriously wounded.
Death of n Veteran French btat**n%an.
PARIS, Fraxce, April 29.— Pierre Blanc,
who represented the arrondissement of
Albertville, Savoy, in the Chamber of
Deputies, died yesterday. He was born
June 29, 1806. He was the dean of the
Chamber, and in that capacity presided at
its opening sessions. In politics he was a
Republican.
PAYMENT OF MESSAGES.
liulinfj «s to Telegraph Tolla of Army
Officers Along llond-Aidrd Honda.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 29. -The
Comptroller of the Treasury has rendered
a decision in answer to a request of the
War Department to be informed whether
disbursing officers of the army shall here
after pay telegraph companies for mes
sages which pass over the lines constructed
along the bond-aided Pacific railroad, or
whether the requirements of existing army
regulations that such accounts be sub
mitted to the accounting officers of the
treasury for adjudication and settlement
shall continue to operate.
The substance of this decision is that
wh n the messages are so sent, and ac
counts so kept as to render it impossible
to ascertain the extent to which the rail
road lines are used, the telegraph company
receiving the message without direction as
to their transmission i? entitled to pay
ment on the presumption that only the
lines owned by it were used for the service.
As a result of the decision ihe department
has been obliged to revoke one of the army
regulations.
NEW TO-DAY.
"At
Sloane's"
BI6ELOW
BODY
BRUSSELS
Immense Line of Patterns,
$1. 121 per yard Sewed,
Laid and Lined.
SMYRNA
RUGS
1000 Full Sized, 30 Inches
by 60 Inches, at $2.00 Each.
W. & J. Sloane & Co.,
641-647 Market Street,
• ■< - .-- SAN FRANCISCO. •,•-'•■ • '.'.'■
HIGH >T*\
GRADE \ Lsyr
TAN Nj&?'
SHOES >'*?s£■:'■
AT EXTREMELY LOW PRICES. We a**
now offering an elegant line of LADIES'
TAN BUTTON OR LACK BOOTS, strictly
up to date, needle or narrow square toe, ail
sizes and widths, at Si! 60 a pair. Cannot be
duplicated is this city.
/nft pJ| w
luu §§' i
Children's and Misses' Russet Spring Efprls, nar-
row square toe, V-shaped tip, straight foxed. '
Sizes 5 to 8 750
SizesB%toll. $1 00
Sizes 11% to 2 91 25
The Secret of These Low Prices lies
In the fact that we own our building: and are satis-
fied to give the public in bargains the enormous
rent other shot-houses are paying. . ■ -
1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Building.
i Country orders receive prompt attention. .»
HOTEL EMPIRE,
FIEE-PROOF, #
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with baths .
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson Hirer*
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
■ A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere In
'■-■:■■:. America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th are. " L " to 66th at., or Broadway cable
can to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan, $1 up. American plan, $3 up. Most com-
pletely nipped and most liberally managed hotel
vi New York. W. JOHNSON &UINN, Mgr.
.WM. NOBLJr, Propr.- _.
GREAT FALLS, MONTANA
SPEAKS FOR ITSELF. A YOUNG CITY,
with greater water-power than all the great
water-powers in the United Htates combined, and
mining 80 per cent of the coal of the State. For
information call , upon or write A. T. KYLE. 14
HcKuigbt block.WITHOUT DRINK
FOR SIX DAYS.
Horrible Experience of
Three Sailors Picked
Up at Sea.
ADRIFT IN A ROWBOAT.
Become Separated From Their
Vessel While Searching
for Seals.
AT THE MERCY OF A STORM.
They Reach the Coast of Japan
Almost Dead From Starvation
and Thirst.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 29.— The
Empress of India arrived this morning
from the Orient, bringing the following
Oriental advices: Hans Isaacson, hunter,
Victor Carlsen, boat-steerer, and Frederick
Bartlett, boat-puller, arrived at Yoko
hama alter passing through some perilous
adventures in the North Pacific. Tney
nre members of the crew of the American
Besiiag schooner AJton, Captain George
Wester, tuat left San Francifco in Decem
ber last. After securing a hundred skins
on the American coast the vessel was
brought over to the Japan side of the Pa
cific. On March 30, about 7 o'clock in the
morning, when the schooner was about
fifty miles off the coast, the captain or
dered the boats away to search for s-eals.
The three men got into a twenty-foot
boat and started on their quest. By after
noon they were some miles eastward of
their vessel, when suddenly a fog came
down, completely shutting them in.
They lay to for the rest of the day and
the following night. By morning a half
gale j-et in and a heavy sea sprung up, fill
ing the boat witli water to its gunwales.
A current drifted them further and further
to sea until they must have been fully 150
miles from shore. For two days they were
at the mercy of the storm and with all
their food and drinking water exhausted,
they were in a pitiable plight. When they
left the ship they had but a gallon and a
half of water and provisions for a day on
board.
Gradually the si bated, and on, the
third day they Dei. .. row toward the
west, hoping to see land before long. They
struck a current that greatly assisted them,
and on April 4, tha sixth day after leaving
the shir, they saw the coast of Japan.
They succeeded in attracting the attention
of some fishermen, and with their assist
ance made land.
Their condition was dreadful in the ex
treme, their lips being black from lack of
water and food and the suffering from a
raging and consuming thirst. Their
throats were parched, while their hands !
snd arms were raw irom the effects of the
■alt water. Frederick Bartlett, whose feet
had been frostbitten on a previous occa
sion, was even in a worse state, so swollen
were his nether limbs.
The fishermen gave the starving men j
rice and water ana then sent messengers
inland for a doctor. At the end of a week
they were sufficiently recovered to travel
and left Kisengori, where they had
landed, arriving at Yokohama on the 15th
in st.
A new steamship company is in process
of formation by leading capitalists of
Japan. It will start with capital approxi
mating 3,000.000 yen, with power to in
crease it to 5,000,000 yen if necessary. Ap
plication for a charter was submitted to
the authorities on the 7th inst. The
scheme is to open two routes — one to New
"York and the other to Batoum. The
former will include service to Portland,
Pniladelphia and other points, while the
latter will call at Hamburg, London and
other points commercially connected with
Japan. The object of opening a service to
New York is to facilitate the exporting of
sulpnur, silk goods and other commodi
ties already exported in large quantities to
America from Japan. Eight fcteamers of
5000 tons capacity will be built — four for
each route.
As a direct result of tne Chinese-Jap
anese war the slave trade in Manchuria has
been aggravated. Farmers comprise a
vast majority of the residents of Man
churia and since the war they are suffer
ing from famine. The selling of children
is a'ways more or less prevalent in China,
but the war and consequent famine are
driving many more parents to sell their
children than formerly. Buyers collect
the poor little fellows just as keepers of
registry offices collect cooli9s.
The bean merchant who gives this I
statement to the press saw in Manchuria,
at Yingkow, a woman leading six chila- '
ren, from 5 to 12 years old, barefooted and j
almost naked. The price of a child, if in- |
telligent and attractive, is 2 yen— sl 06;
the ugly ones bring only a few cents. The ■
slave-broker gives guarantee to the pur- I
chaser that the child's parents will never
again claim or acknowledge the child ',
Bold.
The Japanese press is watching jealously
a tendency of a part of the Koreans to
lean upon America rather Japan for aid in |
reforming the peninsula. It tells the !
Koreans that such an alliance is shallow- i
rooted and doomed to end in bitter disap- '
pointment; that it might serve in time of ■
peace, but in ca^e of war or trouble no i
help could be expected from the proud !
parvenu of nations. Ttie Japanese press j
is full of the term "pro-American" in re- j
gard to Korean affairs. If the Korean
King changes the way of wearing his top- (
Knot the new style of coiffure is spoken of j
as ''pro-American" hair-dressing; a new \
newspaper projected in Seoul is called a j
pro-American venture and a Korean j
privy councilor is stigmatized as a "pro- j
American" statesman.
A DOUBTFUL DOCUMENT.
Colonel Fred Or ant Says His Father
Sever, Took the Fledge.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 29.— j
Herald this morning says: A letter read j
by H. D. Estabrook of Chicago at a ban- '
quet given in Galena, 111., last Monday, j
which Mr. Estabrook said was written by
General John A. Ratvlins to General Grant
during the siege of Yicksburg, was pub
lished in yesterday's Herald. The letter
warned General Grant to restrain; his i
drinking " habits. It referred to a pledge
made by General Grant and stated:
"Your only salvation depends upon your
strict adherence to that pledge."'
A Herald ■ reporter * saw Colonel Fred
Grant at his home yesterday and showed
him the published letter. He read it, and
after a pause remarked, "Well, 1 don't see
anything in that."
"Do you know whether General Grant
ever received this letter?"
"I was with him during the siege of
Vicksburg,'' Colonel Grant replied, "and
in the same tent. Ido not believe the let
ter was ever written. I know my father
never received it. If that letter was writ
ten by General Rawlins to my father how
is it that a man in Galena now has pos
session of it, and how is it that now, after
a period of thirty -three years, its existence
is first made known to the public? It is
true that my father drank during his ser
vice as a commander, and that frequently
gifts of wine were sent to him by iriends.
But is it likely that he would have made a
pie:ige to a subordinate officer, a member
of his staff, not to drink?"
TIRED OF SOLDIERING.
Case of a Young Lieutenant Whose Mili
tary Duties Seem to Mar His
Domestic Happiness.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 29.—Sec
ond-Lieutenant Clarence E. Lang, Sec
ond Artillery, the young army officer
whose case bas been much commented
UDon, has been granted an extension of
bis sick leave for one month.
Lieutenant Lang's application for re
tirement is still in abeyance, but on the
expiration of the extended leave he will
be subjected to another examination to
determine bio mental and physical condi
tion. His wife was at the War Depart
ment recently in company with Repre
sentative Burton of Ohio, who appointed
Lang to the military academy, and she is
apparently as anxious as her husband to
have his application for retirement acted
on favorably.
.Lieutenant Lang was married on the
day of his graduation to the daughter of a
commissary sergeant at West Point. Later
Lieutenant Lang and his bride came into
public view through mysterious happen
ings about their residence and allegations
that the young couple were snuboed by
society. Lieutenant Lang's application
for retirement on account of illness was
not granted, but he was given a sick leave.
The medical report of tne examination
shows that he is suffering from some ner
vous complaint.
STRANGE SUDDEN DEATHS
Three Neighbors in a New Jer
sey Village Die in a Myste
rious Manner.
It Is Believed They Were Poisoned
by Drinking Water From an
Old Weil.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., April 29.—
Thiee mysterious deaths which occurred
Sunday night have stirred the residents of
the little village of Port Republic to a
high pitch of excitement. If the theory
of villagers be correct the autopsies which
County Physician Souder is to hold to-day
will reveal the fact that the dead persons
— two women and one man — came to their
death by poisoning, presumably by drink
ing the water from U weli in the vicinity
of their homes.
The first death, that of Mrs. Jane Hover,
occurred about 6 o'clock Sunday night.
Sne was engaged in the kitchen and was
suddenly attacked with convulsions. She
fell to the floor, and before her daughter
could reach her side she was dead.
At about the same time Mrs. JMizabeth
Corre, Mrs. Hover'a next-door neighbor
started to walK to the latter's house. Sh<
had gone but a few feet from her doo:
when she was also stricken with convul
sions and fell to the ground and died al
most instantly.
Less than an hour later David Cole, i
wealthy young farmer who lived a shor
distance away, was attacked in an exactl]
similar manner, and dropped dead in th<
presence of his wife, whom he marriec
only a few months ago.
All of the stricken people were ap
parently in the best of health prior to th'i
sudden attack, and this caused the theon
of poisoning. In the vicinity of the deso
lated homes there is an old well, and it i
believed that the water in this has becomi
poisoned in some unknown way and tha
the stricken persons drank of it. Sample
of the water will be submitted to a chemi
cal analysis.
♦
CON SO LI DA TED AUC TION - ROOMS
An Elaborate Plan for Disposing of Cali
fornia Deciduous Fruits in the
East
MEW YORK, N. V., April 29.— Th
plan to have all California deciduous fruit
received in this city sold in consolidate<
auction-rooms was adopted by the partie
in interest at a private meeting held in thi
offices of Sgobel & Day yesterday after
noon. There were present Major H
Weinstock, ex - Mayor of Sacramento
president of the California Fruit-grower
and Shippers' Association, by which th<
plan was proposed E. T. Earl of the Ear
Fruit Company; N. R. Salisbury, manage
of the Porter Bros. Fruit Company; Ed
ward Ruhiman of Ruhlman & Co., and R
S. W. Day. Under the plan the associa
tion expects to secure suitable accommo
dations in the building bounded by West
Reade, Washington and Duane streets
which it is proposed shall be known a
"The California Fruit Building."
All the sales will be held in the nev
auction-room at specified times to b<
agreed upon by the receivers. Brown <$
Secomb and the E. L. Goodsell Companj
will continue to be the auctioneers, and
will hold alternate sales in . accordance
with the preferences of the receivers
There will be $2 of each carload of frui
withheld for payment of rent and certain
incidental expenses. The agreement
covers only the present season and is
generally regarded as only an experimen
tal one. The association has similar rooms
in Chicago and Philadelphia, and intend!
to establish others in all the leading cities.
♦ ■
Wedding in High Life.
NASHVILLE, Tenx., April 29. -^A verj
high social event occurred here last nieh
in the marriage of Bernard Alexander
Edmond, Comte de Pourtales of Franc*
and Miss Florence Drouillard of this city
The bride belongs to one of the most x cul
tured and refined families of the South
while the groom is a descendaut of one o
the most aristocratic families in France.
— " m
Frightful Fall of a Window- Washer.
CHICAGO, 111., April 29.— Within the
horrified gaze of a hundred people in office
buildings and on the streets below Louis
Larsen fell from the fifteenth floor of the
Old Colony Building at Dearborn and Van
Bnren streets yesterday morning and was
crushed into a bloody lnass on the side
walk. •■' He was washine a window : and
neglected to wear the safety jacket, when
he lost his balance. :i ;
Atlmiral Itorton Ordered, Borne. *^^
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 29.— Rear-
Admiral C. S. Porton has been detached
from the command of the South Atlantic
station and directed to return, and is
granted a one month's leave from the time
of his arrival in the United States. Com
modore Howell is understood to be his
successor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1896.
FLOOD FOLLOWS
THE CYCLONE.
A Regular Deluge in the
Dakotas and Western
Minnesota.
VAST AREA INUNDATED.
Over Thirty Persons Injured by
the Twister, Some of Whom
Will Die.
A LITTLE TOWN ANNIHILATED.
Nothing Left to Show That It Ever
Existed— Great Damage to Crops
and Livestock.
ST. PAUL, Minn., April 29.— T0-night's
reports indicate that a regular deluge of
rain has been falling in tne Dakotas and
Western Minnesota to-day. Miles of land
along the Upper Mississippi and Red
River are under water, and it wHI be ten
days before any seeding can be d*one.
Along the Red River not more than 2 per
cent of the crop has been put in.
The cyclone, meager reports of which
came in last night, struck between Fargo
and Spencer, S. D., and was said to be
heading for the latter place, but fortu
nately passed several miles north, head
ing in a northeasterly direction^ and for
eiehteen miles laid waste to everything in
its path.
The country being level as a floor the
monster could be seen coming for miles,
which accounts for the few fatalities. In
its track, which was a mile wide, the de
struction was complete. Not a vestige
of any living thing was left. Farmhouse
after farmhouse was completely wiped out.
Sixteen miles northeast of Mitchell the
little town of Epipnany was located, but
nothing remains to show that it ever ex
isted. Here fifteen people were seriously
injured, several fatally. The latest vic
tims, who may recover, are William Kee
ger, Mrs. Gibson and Mrs, Gilser.
Ne estimate of damage to crops and live
stock and property is given, but it is known
to be large.
The storm was headed for Madison, but
on its arrival there had spent its fury and
the damage was light. Physicians from
Spencer, Montrose and other adjacent
towns were summoned and relief parties
sent out. The wounded were given the
best of care. The number of victims in
jured is rapidly growing, and will probably
reach over thirty.
THE MARQUETTE STATUE
It Is Officially Presented To and
Accepted By the
Senate.
Glowing Tributes to the Memory of
the Worthy Priest Are Paid by
Eloquent Srnators.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 29.— The
statue of Father Marquette, placed by the
State of Wisconsin in the National Hall of
Statuary in the Capitol, was to-day offi
cially presented to and accepted by the
Senate. EuJogies of the good priest were
pronounced by the two Wisconsin Sena
tors, Wilson and Vilas, by Kyle of South
Dakota and by Palmer of Illinois.
Mitchell spoke of the Jesuits in North
America as "transcendent heroes of the
advancing army of civilization," and de
scribed Father Marquette as the one great
historic character of Wisconsin, whose
name would shine the brighter as time
goes on.
Vilas spoke of him as the gentle, high
souled, fearless priest and preacher; the
discoverer of the Mississippi; a nobleman
with soul lifted up to God ; a gentle enthu
siast; a man to do without boasting the
deeds that heroes do, and said it was of
such as he that Congress spoke when it
marked for this special honor (a place in
Statuary Hall) persons illustrious of
historic renown.
Kyle praised the saintly character and
unselfishness of Father Marquette and
said that he had given his life for those he
loved: and Mr. Palmer spoke of him as
the representative of courage, resolution
and devotion to the elevation of humanity.
There was no expression of opposition to
the acceptance of the statue.
After this matter was disposed of the
naval appropriation bill was taken up and
the remainder of the session was given up
to political speeches.
Teller (R.) of Colorado announced in
unmistakable terms his resolution to
break away from the Republican party if
the action in the St. Louis convention did
not suit his views and sentiments on the
silver question, while Sherman (R.) of
Ohio declared his readiness to conform his
action on that question to the decision of
the American people at the polls next
November.
Without action on the naval bill the
Senate at 6 p. m. adjourned.
REVENUES AND EXPENSES.
\ A. Subject That la Cauaing Murh 2>i«
cuation in the Houae.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 29.-The
House was plunged almost immediately
after it assembled for to-day's session into
a mild and diminutive, in respect of
length, repetition of the debate in the Sen
ate yesterday regarding the revenues and
expenditures of tbe Government.
McCormick (R.) of New York aaked con
sideration of a bill for a lighthouse on
Orient Point, Long Island, which led
Do-kery (D.) of Missouri to warn the
House against appropriating money for
an improvement that was not absolutely
indispensable.
The direct appropriations at this term
of Congress, he figured up, would be §512 -
000,000, and of contracts authorized to be
entered into, $93,541,000, making the grand
total for which this Congress would be re
sponsible at this term of Congress over
$005,000,000. He said current revenue was
not equal to current expenditures, and
had not been at any time during the term
of this administration, and he pleaded in
no spirit of partisanship for careful
scrutiny of appropriation bills for the pro
tection of the treasury.
Dingley(R.) of Maine, chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means, responded
to the statement of Dockery, and analyzed
the figures he had given.
He asserted that the appropriations at
this session of Congress for current ex
penditures would not exceed $450,000,000
and the amount that must be paid by
taxation would not exceed ?360 000,000, the
expenses of the Postoffice Department |
being met by the postal receipts. While
it was true that more revenue was in
urgent need Dingley contended that Con
gress was doing as well as it could in the
matter of appropriations in view of the
needs of the Government and of the
country.
McCormick's bill met objection and was
not considered.
The report of Elections Committee No.
3 in the contest of Giles Otis Pearce (In
dependent Labor) vs. John C. Bell (Popu
list and Democrat), from the Second
District of Colorado, confirming Bell's
ricunt to the seat, was agreed to.
The remainder of the day was spent in
committee of the whole in discussing the
bankruptcy bill, that bill being supported
by Connelly (It.) of Illinois and an
tagonized by Messrs. W. A. Stone (R.)of
Pennsylvania, Newlands (Silver) of
Nevada and Broderick R. of Kansas.
Newlands made a 16 to 1 silver speech,
asserting that that alone would afford sub
stantial relief.
At 5:05 the House adjourned until to
morrow. _^____________
Commander Walker at Tacoma.
TACOMA, Wash., April 29.— Colonel
Ivan N. Walker, commauder-in-chief of
the Grand Army of the Republic, and
party arrived here this afternoon from
Seattle. They were met by a large dele
gation from the several army posts, and a
reception was tendered them this evening.
Colonel Walker says the pension bill
which passed the House yesterday meets
the approval of the Grand Army of the
Republic, and that he had something to
do with bringing about the passage of the
bill.
THROWN INTO PIT RIVER
Deputy Fish Commissioner Bass
Has a Narrow Escape
From Drowning.
The Ferry-Eoat Capsized by the Rag
ing Torrent—Span of Horses
and Wagon Lost.
REDDING, Cal., April 29.— Seymour
Bass, Deputy United States Fish Commis
sioner at Baird, a pretty little spot on the
McCloud River, came near being drowned
in Pit River Tuesday evening. Mr. Bass
had baen in Redding attending the Odd
Fellows' celebration, and left this city on
Tuesday for his home. He drove a span
of horses attached to a light spring wagon.
With him were his two sons ana James
Cessna of this city, who was on his way
to Copper City to attend to some mining
business.
It was about 6 o'clock when the four
reached the Pit River ferry. It was storm
ing somewhat at the time, and tne heaw
rains of the several days previous had
converted the Pit River into a raging tor
rent. The water was running like a mill
race when Bass and his companions
boarded the ferry-boat. When the middle
of the stream had been reached one of the
cables attached to the ferry broke on ac
count of the severe strain from the force
of the water and the la:ge boat slowly
turned over.
One of Bass' boys retained his presence
of mind, and as the boat turned he walked
over it and stood safe and rode on the bot
tom when she had rolled over. Cessna
and the other boy slipped into the water,
but soon caught hold and pulled them
selves into the capsized boat. Bass was
less fortunate. He was carried some dis
tance nwav and into an eddy. The circling
water took him like a leaf and with a few
whirls he sank. Twice he Bank beneath
the surface of the water and arose. As he
arose '.o the surface the second time tue
capsized boat, which had gone nearly to
the opposite shore, drifted back, and his
companions rescued him just as he was
going down for the third and, perhaps,
last lime.
After hia rescue Bass remained in an
unconscious condition for about two hours
and bis companions thought he would not
recover. Bui by hard work, however, he
was brought back to consciousness and at
length the shore was reached. The
horses and wagon were carried down the
stream for about 200 yards, when the ani
mals got loose from the vehicle. The
horses were carried on down the stream
at a rapid rate and when last seen were
some three miles below the ferry. They
no doubt were drowned. It was a thrilling
experience, and one from which it may
take some time for Mr. Bass to recover.
♦
DROWNED IN THE SACRAMENTO.
Uoat Upset and Two Prospector* Swept
Down the Hirer.
REDDING, Cal., April 29.— The Sacra
mento River claimed two victims yester
day. James Davis and John Heinatz,
miners, were drowned in the Sacramento
River at Slatonis station, a point on the
railroad four miles above Delta and forty
five miles from Redding.
The men had been prospecting in the
hills on the east side of the river and had
been across after supplies.
They attempted to recross in a small row
boat. The river was running swiftly, and
the two encountered a strong current
when about three-quarters of the way
across, and the boat capsized. The un
fortunate men attempted to right the boat,
but the current was so swift it washed
them away, and their bodies floated down
the stream. Up to the present writing
their bodies have not been found, though
search was made.
Davis was an aged man, about 78 or 79
years old. and HeinaU was27years of age,
a native of Texas. Neither have relatives
in this country, and they have no effecte
other than a lot of prospecting implements.
Coroner Earnest was notiried yesterday,
and an attempt will be made to recover
the bodies if possible.
. * .
...Double Tragedy at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 29.— Crazed by
jealousy, fancied and otherwise, Albert
Keroy, a negro, 35 years old, and a waiter
at the Rainier Grand Hotel, this morning
murdered his wife Julia, and then killed
himself. Both were in bed at the time,
and the presumption is that the «voman
was killed while she was asleep, being shot
in the temple with a small caliber revolver.
Keroy then turned the weapon upon him
self, sending a bullet into his brain.
♦
Oleed Inquest at Redwood Citu.
MENLO, PARK, Cal., April 29.—Coro
nor James Crow of Redwood City held an
inquest on the body of A. Gieed, who died
shortly after ß o'clock this morning at his
apartments in the Oak Grove Villa hotel.
The jury found that deceased died of heart
failure. Mr. Gleed was well known in
San Francisco, where he had vast property
interests. He came here some months
ago to recuperate.
♦
Wanted at Xulare.
VISALIA, Cal.. April 29.— Deputy Sher
iff Frank Haliey to-night arrested Fred
Siokes of Tuiare on a telephone order from
Tulare's City Marshal. Stokes and a con
federate held up a man at Tuiare last week
and relieved him of $32. Stokos dresses
well but never works.
' " ' ' 2 5 2
i i j j j (« $ { — v N^ J^ jj .Jii\»L values. AYe will save you a
'k ih, ]\ nyi. .tfMttrty \s. n. . whole lot of money if you come
i^^^^^V \ / \Wffi . those fine blue and black serge
?£,«f3Kf » y /w' -_t mj!/ 1 j!?u j |= ™?g 4tTfe§^^^i^!JHi'^' fiTiQ mGcliuiTi colonn its fill hg w
..-■■ i ir.'>': * p i^*ttt* -^- / ... ~~" T^flTV^t no fl. tliinp^ TiTitil vonVii
•7 o •/ i i
■-■■'' ■ ■■-. ~ -, amassed a fortune. "Be sure
_^ . you're right, then go ahead,"
-\ 7 i was Davy Crockett's motto.
—^ ou li^ ew i se an d j us * g©t
_yj^ «^ii into the bi^ store as quick as
"\^ "^v Ml§& c-, you can ' Yoll see some of the
, jMiit.. •- " -■'/^^ ■ ■ ■■"• 1 ' X-vAy / ?^ ifLIQ. YOUr ©VGS XIT)OH fill)
1 ""I || You know what your tailor
' ' H I charges you to make a fine Clay
J||?T£/y -^^Mi^l "^^^^"^^^^M^i^/ I 1 ain't that right? You'll find
ffsf y ( '^W j!&\ \*ssyW<(\ \y ours lined better than his ; ours
ir^l I \ ililllt^^ j^W I '/^mL Scotches ; some awfully swell
— -^ffi •iQ&r
(INOORPOR, A.TBD)
— — — — — t^es ' FRISCO : :^OTE""« ■—
9, 11, IS and 15 Kearny Street.
34
NATIVES VISIT
PORT HARFORD
Delightful Trip Through a
Rich Agricultural
Region.
PARTAKE OF A FEAST.
Treated to a Barbecue Under the
Big Trees at Sycamore
Spriogs.
ANNUAL BALL AT THE RAMONA
Treasurer Henry Martin's Success as a
Premier Danseuse — A Meek
Trial.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., April 29.—
The Native Sons' itinerary to-day in
cluded an excursion to Port Harford,
a barbecue at Sycamore Springs and
the annual <!iand Parlor ball. To-morrow
the njnin business session, with the elec
tions, will be held. The banquet in the
•vening will be the concluding feature of
the week # with the exception of the Fri
day excursion through the rich agricul
tural rogion to Los Oiivos.
At 10 o'clock this forenoon a special
train started with the delegates and sev
eral hundred others for Port Harford and
the beautiful harbor, which is praised by
every sjiipping man on the coast.
From 200 to 30C of the residents went in
their own carriages and on horseback, and
the visitors had every rig that is owned by
the liverymen of this city. It was a glori
ous excursion. In the long train there
were three observation cars, which afforded
the delegates an excellent opportunity to
see the country. These cars were open on
all sides, and Grand Treasurer Henry Mar
tin occupied one of them, as the entrance
way was more commodious than in the
other cars.
An incident that caused continual in
terest on the seven-mile run to the springs
was contributed by two boys on horse
back. Tne highway runs along the Jine of
the railroad, through a green and pic
turesque region, and the boys, lads of 12
or 14, raced with the train the entire dis
tance. The youngsters made their horses
almost fly through the air, and ti:eir horse
manship was of the highest order. Twice
the train slowed ud, and the boys stayed
with it, but when the engineer spurted up
at a rate of twenty or twenty-five miles an
hour the horses were also in the race.
At Port Harford ihe spectacle of fisher
men hauling in salmon three feet long
was of secondary interest only to that of
Milk Inspector Dockery riding along the
wharf on a railroad tricycle. Some of the
natives made up dancing sets, and the
ponderous and splintered planks of the
dim old wharf felt a light and merry tread
that they had not known before.
W:ien the excursionists returned to
Sycamore Springs the managers of the
barbecue had long rows of tables arranged
under the trees, and the beef and the
beverages were soon ready. There was
room enough for all, and it was a happy
and thoroughly pleased party that ate
under the huge old sycamores.
The barbecue, like every other feature of
this California carnival ot hospitality, was
managed with exceptional success. Stroll
ing about the natural mountain park was
a pleasure for hundreds when the dancing
pavilion could hold no more. There was
little room for the dancers at any time,
but there was less than ever when the
grand officers appeared and announced,
"The candidates' dance."
Henry Martin, the 350-pound corner
s-tune of the order, was floor manager, and
a dance was never managed with more en
ergy. The band began the college lancers,
Wtaen the grand treasurer jumped into the
arena and roared: "Get your partners,
gentlemen." There were ncjladies in this
dance. Louis F. Byington of San Fran
cisco danced with Edwin A. Meserve of
Los Angeles, M. D. Garratt of San Fran
cisco was the partner of Frank Mattisonof
Santa Cruz, and Dr. Hyde, A. P. Brady of
Grass Valley, Delegate Zabala of Salinas
and nearly all the other candidates were
in the ring.
Henry Martin, the floor manager, danced
and hopped and jumped. He laughed
and shouted and cheered. He swung his
cane, and clapped his hands and hurried
the dancers this way and that and he was
a whole good-natured and perspirinsr cir
cus. The band played "' Upidee I Dee I
Da," and that just 5-uited Mr. Martin, who
threw his familiar straw hat back on his
Lead, poised his cane with his left hand,
while beating time with his right, and
danced as lightly and merrily as a Native
Eon should always dance. He wore a
blue badge and the badge went waving to
the tune of the lively "Upidce." The
crowd surged closer and closar and closer.
There was hardly space for the candidates
to turn, but Mr. Martin founds room and
he danced his happy "Vpidee." All in
the set went around blithely in their circle,
all having partners but the jovial Martin,
who applauded and directed and managed
the affair, laughing gloriously and ever ex
uberant in his liitie side performance of
•'Upidee I Dee I Da."
The crowd roared In amusement. Henry
C. Gesford of Napa. tall and bewhiskered,
MUtezed his way through the throng.
Martin caught him and had a partner.
Away they whirled, and the audience had
to give room, and Martin and C. Gesford
hopped and skipped and whirled and r;m
In the rollicking time of "Upidee." Mr.
Martin perspired, but still he danced. His
hat went down on the corner of his fore-
head, but still he danced and he laughed
an "Upidee." And his laugh was echoed
by all who cou'd see or hoar. It was the
merriest day of Sycamore Springs. Clu-ers
and whistles and shrieks of applause went
up as Mr. Mftitin and liis partner madly
pranceu their "Upidee."
John T. Greany of San Francisco then
started a candidates' footrace on the level
ground near t lie pavilion. The first race
was for grand trustee, in which were en
tered Dunbar, Oassin and McNoble, Dun
bar winning by a iead of six inches. For
grand orator Trustees Mattison, Byin-^ton
and Meserve entered, and after a dead heat
Meserve won. For outside sentinel Leath
ers, Fiedler and Bouquet entered. Fiedler
won. For inside sentinel Van Orden had
to ran alone. Henry S. Martin for -jrand
treasurer ran aeainst time and covered
twenty-five yards in eight seconds.
The Natives had a mock trial last night
at the Ramon a, the case being that of the
People of the State of California vs. John
Doe Miller. W. H. Miller was charged by
Mr. Dennery with having unlawfully and
maliciously taken, stolen and carried
away a sausage made of dog meat. The
prisoner was defended by Attorneys Frank
Coombs and Eugene F. Bert, Carroll Cook
and P. Zabala represented the people;
Percy V. Long was clerk of the court and
Fred W. Lees was the detective. The Dris-
oner was brought into court heavily man
acled. His attorneys immediately regis
tered strenuous objections to such s pro
ceeding and the court ordered the man
acles cast off. The jury was: Messrs.
Garratt, Tathan, D» Golia* Morgan, Clark,
Levy, Johnton, Noble, Cassin, Gesford and
Fitzgerald.
Circumstantial evidence tended to show
tnat Miller had stolen the sausage. 2. P.
Pockery was called as a meat and milk ex
pert. Mr. Dockery had some trouble in
telling the dog's variety. He finally con
cluded it had been a Newfoundland. The
case was argued ana given to the jury.
Tbe body was just about to return a ver
dict of '•guilty," when John Leathers, a
discharged juryman, confessed to the theft.
The annual ball was held at the Ramona
Hotel parlors this evening.
The ballroom was beautifully decorated.
Many beautiful costumes were displayed
by the young ladies of San Luis Obispo,
who made this their special part of the
week's celebration. Some of these were:
Mrs. John E. Childs, black watered silk
with trimmings and pearls; Miss Elena
Childs, white mull and blue forget-me
nots; Mrs. Harry Livingston, lemon
colored satin with white passementerie
trimmings and diamonds; Miss Hinda
Greenberg, white dotted Swiss; Miss
Jennie Blake, black satin with yellow
ribbons and California poppies; Miss Lulu
Egan, pale blue organdie; Miss Carrie
Dana, white India silk trimmed with
chiffon; Miss Minnie Blake, white bro
caded silk; Miss Carrie Blake, yel
low brocaded silk trimmed with black
chiffon; Miss Mollie Norcross, white dot
ted Swiss, trimmed with scarlet ribbons;
Miss Carlotta Childs, pink dotted Swiss,
with pink satin ribbon and flowers; Miss
de la Guerra, Nile green silk; Miss Min
nie Egan, Nile green, brocaded silk; Miss
Dicie Grover, blue dimity; Miss Amanda
Blake, cream China silk; Miss Etbel Jack,
silk China crepe; Mrs. E. P. Rogers, old
rose silk; Miss Gertie Sinsheimer, white
brocaded silk; Mrs. R. E. Jack, black silk
and diamonds; Mrs. Ernest Graves, bottle
green silk and diamonds.
The floor manager of the ball was E. M.
Payne. He was assisted by R. M. de la
Guerra, F. A. Dorn, J. Lamy, J. B. Blake,
A. Robinson and J. W. O'Sullivan. The
reception committee was composed of J.
F. Fielder, T. T. Crittenden, T. J. Bowen,
P. J. McCaffrey, H. E. McKennon, Richard
Leland, F. Burke, Charles Childd, W. B.
Staniford and J. L. Anderson.
SANTA ROSA SENSATION
Mark L. McDonald Sued by an
Attorney for Wesley
Mock.
Pay Demanded for Services in Opposing
the City's New Water
System.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April 29.— A mild
sensation was created here this afternoon
■when it was learned that Mark L. Mc-
Donald had been sued for nearly $1000 by
one of the attorneys for Wesley Mock in
the celebrated case of Mock vs. The City
of Santa Rosa.
It has long been an open secret here that
the Santa Rosa Water Company, of which
Mark L. McDonald is president, was pay-
in~ the bills in the long and expensive liti
gation to prevent the city from accepting
and using the new water system. The
last phase of this bitter legal fight was the
petition of the plaintiff for an interlocu
tory injunction restraining the city from
accepting the completed water system
from the contractors.
The matter was heard by Judge Dainger
field early in April. He took the case
under advisement, and a decision is
looked for daily. More than a week was
spent in the areunient* Attorney Lynch
for the plaintiff c onsuming about four days
in explaning to the court his view?.
C. S. Forquar of Petaluma has also been
one of Mr. .Mock's attorneys in this case,
and he avers that his services were reas
onably worth $1000, of which only $162 has
been paid, and he having assigned his
claim to George M. Brush, the latter gen
tleman now seeks to recover ;he balance
due from the president of the Santa Rosa
Water Company.
SAN PEDRO ITS CHOICE
The Santa Fe Railway Com
pany Declares for the
People's Harbor.
Coast Officials Instructed to Exert
Their Influence Against
Santa Monica.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 29.— 1n the
great Santa Monica-San Pedro harbor
fight the position of the Santa Fe railway
system has not been clearly defined here
tofore. It was supposed that its manage
ment would favor San Pedro, but this, it
seems, has only been conjecture and has
been denied by persons seemingly in a
position to know. Now, however, all sur
. raises have been set at rest, for it is stated
on the authority of persons connected with I
the management that the influence of the
Santa Fe Company will from now on be
thrown to San Pedro.
Tnis morning instructions were received
at the general offices from Chicago that
any effort to help the cause of Sun Pedro
would be approved. The friends of San
Pedro are jubilant over this new and
strong influence to defeat the Santa Mon
ica harbor steal for the especial benefit of
Huntingdon. New life seems to be infused,
into the fight for San Pedro all alon^: the
line, and a change at Washington in favor
of the real harbor on this coast is antici
pated.
A'eah Bay fienl Catche*.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., April 29.—
Despite the fact that the seal herd has
nearly all nassed north to the breeding
grounds at the Copper Islands, the Indian
sealing schooners frona Neah Bay con
tinue to add to the unprecedented catch
they made ia the past six weeks. The
schooner Columbia, owned, officered and
manned by full-blooded Indiana, is the
high liner of the fleet, having 246 skins.
Altogether about 1000 skins have been
taken. Six fatalities comprise the full list
of accidents.
Alaska Mail Recovered.
TACOMA, Wash., April 29.— Advices re
ceived tc-day from Alaska report the find
ing of the American mail which was lost
during the big storm, and that it had been
forwarded to the posts by Duncan Gillie,
who takes in 2000 letters to the miners.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. APRIL 30, 1896.
POLITICS ON THE
PACIFIC COAST.
McKinley Forces Lose the
Fight for Arizona's
Delegation.
BOLT THE CONVENTION.
They Refuse to Abide by the
Decision of a Large
Majority.
PRIMARIES IN LOS ANGELES.
Lively Contest Between the Otis and
Lindley Factions — The Spokane
Convention.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 29. — Arizona
goes against McKinley. The most excit
ing convention ever held in the Territory
was that of the Republicans to-day. A
contest was waged from 2 until 9 o'clock,
when sixty-eight delegates, sixty-two of
whom were from Maricopa, Pima and
Yavapai contested delegations, let in with
half a vote each, left the convention. The
fight was for McKinley instructions, but
the Ohioan's forces lost and then departed.
Bix delegates to St. Louis, all uninstructed,
were chosen by the remaining 106 dele
pates, being representatives from each of
the twelve counties in the Territory. The
bolters will hold a convention to-morrow.
♦
LOS ANGELES PRIMARIES.
Lindley and Sheldon Gain a Majority of
the Delegates.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 29.— The
immediate and chief significance of the
Republican caucuses last night and the
primaries this afternoon is based on t!>e
question of who shall represent this Con
gressional district at St. Louis, and who
shall be delegate-at-large from this end of
the State to the National Convention.
Harvey Lindley, who was defeated by
Marion Cannon in 1892, has been making
plans for some time with the view of go
ing to St. Louis as district delegate, and
ex-Governor Sheldon of Pasadena has
been in the hands of his friends as dele
gate-at-large. The Times here, a Repub
lican morning newspaper, sniffing the
battle from afar, has waged unrelenting
warfare on the aspirations of both gentle
men, but with indifferent results, i\s the
aciion of the caucuses and the vote to-day
show.
There has been no question for weeks
but that the McKiniev sentiment was
dominant and none but McKinley men
were to be placed on guard. But as to
who would go to St. Louis was quite an
other matter.
The contest that has been wasred here
has generally been designated as tbe old
"Otis-Lindley right," for it seems that the
Time* oppose! Lindley in his race for Co
ngress. Caucuses were held all over tin
city last night and there was marked har
mony everywhere except in the Third
Ward— Lindlev'a home. Here there was
a split, and to-day there were two dole
gate tickets in the tield. The Lindley op
position ticket was headed, "Third \Vanl
(n:iti- Lindley)— For President, William
McKinley.'* The regular caucus ticket in
this, like all of the others, was headed,
"For President, William McKinley; regu
lar caucus ticket."
The polling-place in the Third Ward
was the set ne of great bustle all afternoon
with a string of voters reaching far out
into the street. The "regular" caucus
ticket won easily, and thus the Times'
light was completely lost.
At the caucusses lost night McKinley
resolutions were passed in all tlie wards
except the Eighth. Sheldon will now get
the indorsement from this district, and
will probably defeat U. S. Grant Jr. of San
Diego for the position of delegate-at-large.
The Assembly conventions occur next
Saturday, when delegates to the Sacra
mento convention will be chosen.
OREGON GOLDITES,
Judge Xorthup to Hun Against Con
gressman Ellin.
PORTLAND, Ok., April 29.— The re
nomination of Representative W. R. Ellis,
the free-silver advocate of Eastern Oregon
from the Second District, was a bitter pill
to the believers in "hound 1 ' money, and
was claimed to be a misrepresentation o!
a majority of the Republicans of the dis
trict. Almost immediately afterward a
convention movement t" put up a "sound"
money candidate was started, and it soon
assumed definite shape in the selection of
Henry H. Northup, County Judge of this
county, provided he would" accept. Judge
Northup^s acceptance was filed to-day at
Salem. Apparently about two-thirds of
the signers are Republicans and one-third
Democrats. About TOO names are attached
to the petition. The platform on which
Judge Northup will run is strictly "sound"
money.
SPOKANE REPUBLICANS.
State Convention Delegates Fledged to an
Anti-Silver Man.
SPOKANE, Wahh., April 29.— The Re
publican convention to-day was captured
by Wilson men— the friends of Senator
Wilson— assisted by the A. P. A.'s. At
torney-General Jones, one of the best
known men in the State and a popular ex
ponent of the free-silver doctrine, was de
feated for chairman. A resolution favor
ine free silver was adopted and another
binding the party to support the St. Louis
nominee.
The delegates to the State Convention
were instructed to vote for Harry L. Wil
son for delegate to St. Louis. Wilson is
not a free-silv*r man and does not repre
sent the sentiments of his party in East
ern Washington. The free-silver Republi
cans are irate, and will, it is s-aid, support
the Democratic National ticket if it nomi
nates a free-silver man on a free-silver
platform.
i(i/(« County Democrats.
LAKEPORT, Cal., April 29.— The Demo
cratic County Central Committee met at
Kelseyville to-day and issued a call for
primaries on May 28 to elect delegates to a
county convention to be held at Lower
Lake on June 6. This convention will
elect delegates to all conventions except
ing the one for nominating county officers.
Ventura County for MeKinlcy.
VENTURA, Cal., April 29.-McKinley
delegates were elected in this town to-day
and generally over the county.
CARPENTERIA BURGLARS.
Two Morphine Victims Caught ISreakina
Into a '■ Drugstore.
SANTA BARBARA, ; Cal., April 29.—
Two morp'.iine ''fiends," a man named
Lafayette and a woman known as Lulu
Dormer, last night attempted to rob the
drugstore of Dr. Marquis at Carpenteria.
A neighbor named Sharkey was aroused
by the noise made in forcing the door of
the drugstore, and fired upon them. The
woman surrendered, but her companion
escaped. It is believed the man was
wounded, as he was seen to fall at the sec
ond pistol shot, but he recovered his feet
and ran away. The woman baa a criminal
record, having been concerned in several
petty larcenies in Los Angeles.
ROBBERY AT BATES.
A. Late Resident of Folaom la Terrorising
the Ranchers.
MADERA, Cal., April 29.— Samuel
Prewett from Bates to-day brought to
Sheriff Westfall a note from a man named
Allison requesting that he come immedi
ately to Bates for the purpose of arresting
a man who had robbed him of a gold watch
and chain valued at $210 and a lot of money
he had on his person. He gave a slight
description of the individual, which corre
sponds in size and appearance to William
Liverone, who has just been released from
Jolsom on a two-year term for grand lar
ceny and is somewhere in the vicinity of
the mountains.
There was an attempt last week to rob
two farmers who were riding along in a
wagon, but the shots fired by the robbers
scared the horses into a run and the men
escaped unharmed. This attempt was
kept quiet by the officers in order that
they might ascertain who was committing
the depredations, as Clif Regan and his
followers are again in the eastern portion
of the county and the officers entertain
hope of capturing them before they escape.
The officers left im mediately for the scene
of the robbery and the work of tracking
the law-breakers will begin in the morn
ing.
Los Angeles Orange Output.
LOb ANGELES, Cal., April 29.— Not
fewer than 5500 carloads of oranges have
been shipped out of Southern California
this season, and the prices realized were
equally as good as last year, if not a trifle
better. Very little of the crop remains.
Ora:ige-tree planting has been going for
ward this spring all over Soatheru Cali
fornia, and especially in Riverside and
San Bernardino counties.
ARRAIGNED AT VISALIA.
The Examination of Lovren and
Ardell Begun in the Jus
tices' Court.
Obie Britt Repeats His Confession Re
lating to the G.shen Train
Robbery.
VISALIA, Cal., April 29.— Si Lovren
and Charles Ardeil, accused of complicity
in the attempted Southern Pacific train
robbery near Goshen last month, which
resulted in the killing of Outlaw Dan Mc-
Cail, were arraigned to-day before Justice
Holaen.
Deputy Sheriff G. V. Reed was the first
witness. He detailed the circumstances of
the attempt made by McCaii on the night
of the 18th of March to board the Southern
Pacific train near Goshen and his subse
quent deatti. Counsel for the defense
asked Reed no que?tiuns.
Obie Britt followed and repeated his
former confession, except that nothing re
lating to Lovren and Ardell was said.
Counsel for the prosecution were very
careful to prevent mention of the prison
ers' names.
James L. Pattee, a violin-player, testified
that Lovren on the morning of March 18
gave liim 35 cents with which to buy red
gauze, wanted to put around two lanterns
for red lights. Not rinding the cloth at a
store, he returned the money to Lovren.
The latter went out, returning in twenty
minutes with a bundle. About that time
McCaU came in and took off his overcoat.
McCaii, Hoss and Lovren then examined
their Rifles. McCaii, after sighting a rifle,
seemed well ple.tsed with it.
The prosecution is proceeding cau
tiously. The case went over until to
morrov.
W.C.T.U. CONVENTION.
Redding, bliaata, Anderson, Cottonxcood
and Happy Valley ■ Represented.
REDDING, Cal., April 29.— The annual
Woman's Temperance Christian Union
convention assembled in Cottonwood
Monday, and there was a good attendance.
It was called to order by the president,
Mrs. J. L. Pell, who presided' over the
deliberations of the body of delegates. She
was assisted by Rev. Miss J. C. Develling,
National and State organizer. There were
present delegates from Redding, Shasta,
Anderson, Cottonwood and Happy Valley.
The reports of the various officers were
then listened to. From all sections the
W. 0. T. U. work is growing, and a re
newed interest is being taken in the tem
perance cause.
The appointment of temporary officers
was followed by numerous short addresses,
which took up the entire forenoon. The
main feature of the afternoon was the stir
ring address of the county president, which
was well received and listened to atten
tively. Vocal and instrumental music wns
interspersed, and some rousing temper
ance songs were sung.
At the evening session Miss Develling
addressed a large and appreciative au
dience. A splendid recitation was deliv
ered by Miss Gertrude White, after which
addresses of welcome were delivered by
Mrs. N. A. Johnson, Rev. Mr. Hargrove
and Nathan White.
Tuesday morning's train brought several
more delegates from Redding, Happy Val
ley and Anderson, and the attendance was
ouite largely increased from tnat of the
first day.
The following oflicers were elected :
County president, Mrs. J. L. Bell; vice
president (at large), Miss Rosaline Bell;
recording secretary, Miss G. White: corre
sponding secretary, Mrs. M. L. Nourse;
treasurer, Mrs. W T .*S. White.
Reports of superintendents of depart
ments was the order for the afternoon.
Cottonwood is not to be outdone in the
way cf entertainment. The local W. C. T.
U. provided abundantly for the cemfort of
the Etiests and all the delegates were
royally received.
I>rani<ttic Scene in a Redding Court.
REDDING, Cal., April 29. — Thomas
Maupin, charged with the murder of Isaac
Rader ;it Gas Point last November, was
to-day admitted to bail in the Superior
Court. The bail was fixed at $10,000. At
the conclusion of the hearing Clay W.
Taylor, attorney for Maupin, became over
come and wept" bitterly.
LOST OFF CAPE FLATTERY.
Six Indian Seal-Hunters Relieved to Have
Seen Drowned.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., April 29.—
News was received last evening of the loss
of two hunters' boats, with six men, De
longing to the Indian staling schooner
Deahks Monday off Cape Flattery. Four
other boats retnrned in the evening with
big hauls, but a diligent search for the
missing boats ended in failure, and it is
almost certain that all of the Indian hunt
ers who went out in the boats have been
drowned.
ion tuijil-s Oil Shipments.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 29.— The oil
bark Enoch Tulbot set sail this morning
from Redonao for San Francisco with a
cargo of 8000 barrels, consigned to the
Arctic Oil Works. As soon as it has dis
charged the cargo the vessel will return
to Redondo for another. Many sales of
oil are being made at 85 cents. It was said
at the exchange this morning that the
market i 3 growing better and stronger
daily.
CARSON'S MINT
SCANDAL GROWS
Heney, the Convicted Bul
lion Thief, Confesses
in Prison.
TREACHERY IS REPAID.
Induced to Talk After He Had
Been Sacrificed by His
Accomplices.
GREATER THEFTS EXPOSED.
He Implicates a Pr eminent Man Who
Had Not Been Suspect d
Heretofore.
CARSON, Nev., April 29.— 1t is now
generally understood that James Heney,
the convicted bullion thief, has told every
thing he knows about the Mint shortage.
While the Government officials and attor
neys decline to talk on the subject a Call
correspondent is able to state positively
that Heney made a full confession in the
presence of witnesses and the Govern
ment officials have it in black and white.
This document contains some very start
ling accusations in connection with the
Mint cases and involves bigger game than
Jones. It is doubtful, however, that the
Government will put Heney on the stand,
as its counsel feels confident of winning
the case without his testimony.
Heney's wife has been instrumental in
inducing her husband to talk. She real
ized that he had been sold out and sac
rificed in the interest of his accomplices,
and openly threatened to tell everything
she knew if her husband did not talk.
Inspector Mason gave the lirst hint of
the corning storm by saying to-day that
Jones had a confederate in the mint. He
had learned this by a conversation with
Heney in the prison. Woodburn, counsel
for th? defense, attempted to draw out
moii- from this intimation, but Clark, for
tt:e Government, arose and warned him
tliat if he called for information he would
get all of it and no more questions were
asked.
It has developed that six additional
bogus melts were made in the cupel-room,
and it is supposed that Heney gave the
Government the tip how to secure the evi
dence. Mason had already found the alter
ations in the books, and the new evidence
tends to snow that suspect Jones used the
same melts to serve a double purpose and
they were worked in twice in the books.
Ma?on declines to say who the confederate
of Heney was, but says he has not pre
viously been even .suspected.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Judgment Filed Against Edward
Piercy on a Typewriter's
Claim.
Ex-Supervisor Tillotson, a Pioneer of
Californa, Crosses the Great
Divide.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 29.— G. A. White
hurst was given judgment for $180 against
Edward M. Piercy, the capitalist, on an
assigned claim from Miss Clara M. Coth
ran, a typewriter, in Justice Dwyer'a court
to-day.
Piercy employed Miss Cothran to tran
scribe the testimony in the $.50,000 broach of
promise suit brought against him by Miss
Jessie Pyle, and in which the plaintiff was
awarded $12,000 damages. The testimony
made 1200 pages and when Miss Cothran
presented a bill ot $210 for making three
copies of the testimony, Piercy was dam
founded. He refused to pay the bill and
Miss Cothran assigned her claim to White
hurst, who sued for the full amount.
Piercy testified this morning that he
thought $25 sufficient pay for transcribing
1200 pages of testimony and making three
copies of it.
♦
SAN JOSE'S CORONATION.
Queen J.il'inn to Be Crowned on a Mag
nificent Throne.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., April 29.— The great
floral parade of the Carnival of Roses will
take place at 2 o'clock next "Wednesday
afternoon instead of at 10 o'clock as pre
viously announced. The change in the
hour of the procession is made so that the
many magnificent floats that will be in the
parade can be decorated with fresh flower*
Wednesday morning.
At 10 o'clock Wednesday mornin? the
Queen will be crowned and the Key to tlie
city delivered to her. The imposing cere
mony will take place on a magnificent
throne erected in the center of the great
stage of the pavilion. She will be sur
rounded by the maids of honor, pages and
court attaches. After this regal act the
Queen will not be seen again until she ap
l>ears upon her throne in th*> parade.
The decoration of the electric tower and
the erection of the arches is progressing
rapidly, and by Saturday night the town
will have begun to assume its carnival
attire.
HARLAN TILLOTSON DEAD.
He Crotted Ihe Plains to California in
the Early Fifties.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 29.— Harlan Til
lotson, a pioneer of this State, died at the
Sanitarium this morning. He was a na
tive of Sandusky, Ohio, and 69 years of
age. The deceased crossed the plains in
1852 and settled in Sutter County. In 1867
he was elected Assessor of Sutter County.
Tillotson moved to this county in 1868,
and in 1884 was elected Supervisor on the
Republican ticket.
About a year azo Tillotson was arrested
on a charge of burning a house he owned
in the Willows for the insurance, but was
acquitted on trial.
Dried fruit Attached.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 29.— Five thou
sand boxes of dried prunes and peachos
belonging to A. B. Butler & Co., fruit
packers of this city and Fresno, h*ve been
attached by F. \V. Babbon assiened claims
amountitiK to $«320. The fruit levied upon
is stored in the warehouse or Webb & Co.
at the broad-gauge depot. The claims are
mostly accounts with orchardists for fruit.
The Cainbusdoon Sot Sighted.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. April 29.-
The report last night that the British ship
Cambusdoon, thirty days overdue with
sugar from Java for Vancouver, had been
reported off Cape Flattery was erroneous.
It was the British ship Desdemona from
Cardiff, witn naval stores for Esquimalt,
instead of theCambusdoon, and shipping
men here have again posted the latter as
overdue.
STANDFORD ELECTION.
Officers of the Student Body Chosen by
Ballot.
PALO ALTO, Cal., April 29.— The regu
lar annual student body election this after
noon resulted in the choosing of the fol
lowing officers: President, H. Pomeroy
'97; vice-president, J. W. Bell '97; secre
tary, M. T. Pratt. For treasurer, F. W.
Morrison received a plurality vote, but not
sufficient to elect him, and a new ballot
will be taken.
E. M. Hulme was elected editor-in-chief
of Sequoia ; business manager, C. I.
Dillon; executive committee— H. H.
Hindry. '97. R. H. Wardell, '97, C. U. Horst
'98, E. Stansbery, '98, O. C. Leiter, '99, C.
E. Schwartz, '99; athletic committee— T.
M. Williams. C. M. Ficfcert, J. Brunton
0, M. Dole, W. T. Young, A. S, Jeffs and
A. S. Holbrook. It was aiso voted that
all athletes representing the university be
granted a uniform sweater.
HARMENS FOUND GUILTY.
Mercy Recommended for the Man Who
. Found lirady's Cache. Hj I ■ -'
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 29.— The
jury to-night brought in a verdict of not
guilty in the case of John P. Harmens,
tried for grand larceny, but recommends
him to the mercy of the court. Harniena
is the man who, while living the life of a
tramp in Yolo, found the $51,000 that train
robbers Browning and Brady stole from
Wells-Fargo Express Company, and spent
a good portion of — presumably about
$30,000. The express company's officers
found $18,000 of the remainder and Har
mens turned over to the company about
$9,000 that he had not squandered.
PORT TOWNSEND CHRISTENING.
Mere Hevenue Launch Scout Slides Into
the Water.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., April 29.—
Two- thirds of the inhabitant* of Port
Townseud turned out yesterday to
witness the launching of one of the new
revenue launches being completed here.
The officers of the Bering Sea fleet in the
harbor were present at the launching.
The launch was christened the Scout by
Miss Eva C. Doyle, daughter of Chief
Engineer Doyle of the revenue cutter
service, who is superintendent of con
struction. The second, named the Guard,
will be launched next week.
PRAYED FOR THE CONSUL
Mrs. Emma Booth-Tucker Was
Unable to Attend the
Meeting.
Much Enthusiasm as Wtll as Regret
and Sympathy Manifested by
the Salvationists.
Metropolitan Temple rang and echoed
with Salvation Aimy halleluiahs last
night, and again the large hall was
thronged with earnest soldiers of salva
tion. This second meeting of welcome to
Consul Emma Booth-Tucker was inspir
ing, but the object of the inspiration was
absent, suffering on a bed of sickness.
Presiding oilicer Brik-adier Keppel said
that since Mrs. Booth-Tucker's appearance
on the platform Tuesday night she had
been in great pain, but hoped to be able to
be present at tbe auxiliary meeting in the
temple, which takes place this afternoon
at 3 o'clock.
The meeting was opened by the song,
"I have read of men of fate," and a
prayer v,-as offered by Mrs. Keppel: "We
pray that thou may lay thy tender, lov
ing hand upon our beloved consul to
night and comfort her and make her
well."
As the clear voice of the one praying:
touched the hearts of those listening, a
wave of audible supplication passed across
the hall, out of which rose the "Hear, 0
Lord," and "amens" of the sincere suppli
ants.
The hymn "Calvary" was suns and
Major Malan offered a prayer.
"Because we are deprived of our consul, "
said Brigadier Keppei, "we must fall back
on her hallelujah escorts. Major Lewis and
Major Malan. Captain Bernard will sing
us a song composed by the consul herself
— a sonc that will make the devil hum."
And in his pleasant barytone Captain
Bernard sang "I Am Climbing Up the
Go'den Stairs to Glory."
Major L,ewis began her remarks by tell
ing the story of a descent she once made
into a coal mine. She graphically pictured
the dangers of entering such places, and
compared the mission of the Salvation
Army to that of the coal-miner who goes
down into the depths that lie may brine
forth the shining and valuable mineral.
"vVe go down, not to get inanimate bits of
coal," said she, "but glorious shining
souls."
She spoke of the great good the army
was doing in all parts of the world, lift
ing up a class of mankind that had never
been up before.
At the conclusion of the meeting Major
Malan sang, accompanied by Major Lewis.
He is noted for his interjections while
singing, and bore out his reputation in
the song last night. Tbe entire audience
soon caught the air and joined in the
chorus.
Brigadier Keppel announced that for
the meeting to-night an admittance of 10
cents would have to be asked to pay the
expenses of the hall.
Luck of a Spokane Prospector.
SPOKANE, Wash., April 29.— Martin
Neilly, a poor prospector, found a fortune
yesterday while passing along the foot of
Lookout Mountain, on the Columbia
River. He discovered a huge bowlder of
ore weighing hilly sixty thousand tons,
from which assays were made to-day run
ning as high as $63 to the ton in* gold.
The bowlder is evidently a slide from the
mountain. Neilly is wild with joy over
liis pood luck.
NEW TO-DAT.
Where is the woman
who does not like to
have her baby fat and
chubby and cunning?
And where is the
woman who does not
like to have rosy cheeks
and plumpness herself?
Scott's Emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil is for
both t but its merit is
44 peculiar to itself n and
its effect cannot be had
by using any substitute
for it.
WASTING
DREAMS
Are dreams that leave the body weak and
puerile and the mind sad and vacant.
When you wake in the morning you are
TIRED, tin
BLEAR-EYED,
WITH NO APPETITE,
A BAD TASTE IN MOUTH.
YOU ARE EASILY EXCITED.
After you have experienced a few of
these bad nights, those awful draining,
wearing, exhausting, debilitating nights,
your
Blood is thin,
Face yellowish.
Pin spots flutter and glitter before
your eyes,
• Th»» vision is dimmed, ''■:•<.''" '•
You sometimes have to hold yourself
to pillar or post.
Then you may be sure when this state
exists that you'are suffering from Nervous
Debility, Nervous Exhaustion, Seminal
Weakness. It is time to use the great
HUDYAN,
Which you can get only by applying in
person or writing to the old doctors of the
Hudson Medical Institute.
HUDYAN
Is the great remedi-treatment that has
been used with such success.
HUDYAN
In its various combinations and its differ-
ent complex varieties cures
EXHAUSTION, '
NERVOUS DEBILITY.
NEURATHENIA.
AFFECTIONS OF KIDNEY AND
LIVER.
SPERM ATORRHCEA,
LOST qp impaired MANHOOD.
IMPOTENCY and
PRIVATE BLOOD DISEASES of EN
But you never pet Hudyan unless you pet
it from the Doctors of Hudson. Only the
Hudsonian doctors can give you the great,
the marvelous, the only '
HUDYAN.
Call for or write for
■ HUDYAN :
: CIRCULARS :
: FREE. :
TAINTED BLOOD,
Impure blood, bad scrofulous blood, old
sores and blood that would drive you to
Hot Springs should know that a speedy
i cure can be had. Write for
: BLOOD :
: ■ CIRCULARS. :
! HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis sts.
SAN FBAHCIBCO, CAL.
GRAND EXCURSION
— — TO
AT SAN MATEO,
BY THE SAN MATEO LAND ASSOCIATION,
ON SATURDAY, MAY 2.
At 11 O'Clock A. M.;,
255 Choloe Suburban Residence
Lots and Villa Sites,
ON
San Mateo Heights
The Most Beautiful Kesidence Portion
of the Growing
CITY OF SAN MATEO.
The streets are gTaded, tho side-walk*
curbed, trees* and palms planted. A
modern sanitary sewerage system hag
just been completed. Water-mains are
now being; laid and electric-light wires
put up.
Improvements Complete and Up to Date.
LARGE LOTS,
50 to 200 It. Frontage, 150 to 225 ft. Deep.
Terms of Sale: One-Fourth Cash.
Balance in 1,2 and 3 Years. .
A deposit of 10 per cent will be required at the
sale and the remainder of cash payment within
thirty days thereafter. Interest at 8 per cent.
REMEMBER THE DATE!
SATURDAY, HAY 2, 1896.
AT 11 O'CLOCK A. M.
Special train will leave San Francisco from
depot, corner Third and Townaend streets, at 10
o'clock a. m. Returning, wil leave San Mateo at
4:80 M. Fare, Pan Francisco to Han Mateo and
return, 60c. Tickets for sale by William Butter-
field, second floor. Crocker Building, and on morn-
Ing of May 2at depot. For full particulars, maps,
etc., address office at ,
San Hateo Land Association, or ■
WILLIAM BUTTEKFIKLI), Auction-
eer, second [floor, Crocker Building,
San Francisco.
CSwTpS thtf^
! IS THE VERY BKsT USE TU EXAMINE
J. your eyes and tit tin'm to Spectacles and Eye-
: giasses with instruments of his own Invention*
whose superiority has not been equaled. My «v»
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Ottice Hours— l 2 to 4v. m.
VINEYARD FOR SALE
' .' TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
FORTY ACRES OF SEVENTEEN- YEAR-OLD
Vineyard situated one mile south of the
thriving town ot Sevastopol, Sonoma County,
with a full equipped winery of 60,000 gallons
capacity; underground cellar, etc.; winery
surrounded by 1000 acres of vineyards; only
one more winery In the section; must be seen
to be appreciated; terminus of railroad one
mile from the place. For further particular!
address E. SCHIRMER, Bellevue Vineyard,
oebastopol, Sonoma County. CaL
«aUIVC Vfill Bore Taroat, dimples, Copper-@S
jpATt IUU Colored Spot*, Aches. Old SorejJß
.tfQUlcers In Mouth, Balr-i'&llingt Wrlto < OOHJM
■BEMEDT CO.. 307 Masonic Templelji
jHChlcttsro, 111., f»r proofs of cure*. Capt-M
|Mti»l, SOOO.OOO. Worst cases cared In IG||
gyp 35 days. IOQ-pagre book free. fg|THE CORONATION
AT REDWOOD CITY
Queen of San Mateo County
Successfully Crowned
Last Night.
GRAND FLORAL FESTIVAL
Redwood City Crowded With |
Loyal Subjects of the
Reign of Flowers.
MR. PRINCEVALLE AS A HOST.
Teachers of the Institute as Guests
of a Private Citizen— The
Successful Ball.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., April 29.—
The coronation of San Mateo County's
Queen of Roses this evening in
Redwood City was a splendid sue
The Coronation of the Floral Queen of San Mateo County Last Evening in Alhambra Theater at
Redwood City, Which Was Followed by a Grand Coronation Ball.
cess. The scene presented in the
Alhambra Theater when the ceremonies
began was really too pretty to attempt to
put the half of it in cold and colorless
type. It was a scene of color — a grand
color scheme— therein lay its strongest
point when viewed as a whole picture.
The theater itself has a very pleasing in
terior, being finished in the natural woods,
with huge roof timbers devoid of disfig-
uring plaster or paint— all of which offered
an excellent background for the decorative
committee's work. They used only natu
ral flowers, ferns and evergreens, mingled
with much good taste — and the effect was
charming. The royal promenade, from the
rear entrance to the throne on the stage,
was marked off by long garlands of ever
green and deep-red roses. Inside its sacred
limits no plebeian mortal dare set dese
crating 100t — until the coronation services
■were over and the coronation ball in prog
ress.
At 9 o'clock the orchestra was in place,
the hall was crowded with promenaders in
full evening dress, the galleries with fasci
nated spectators. A sentinel, trumpet in
hand, in knee breeches and full court cos
tume, stood motionless at the rear of the
hall in the center of the royal promenade.
On either side and a little behind him,
stood two other lads, dressed as court
pages. Both of these had trumpets. All
three stood motionless, expectant. Then
& signal was given. Her royal Majesty,
Queen Lillian Neuman, and suite, are
about to appear.
The sentinel pipes his trumpet, the or
chestra ceases. The sentinel strides slowly
forward, trumpet to lips, then turns,
walks half way back and meets his pages.
They are facing the outer door of the hall
and all three bow low as it opens. All
eyes look to the open door. Two wee
maidens enter, scattering before them,
from fuJl baskets on their arms, handfuls
of Mowers that sell for $5 a dozen to-day in
New York or Chicago.
Behind them is the Queen, led forward
by Prime Minister George Gilchrist. She
is beautiful; he is stately and gallant.
Her gown is of dazzling whiteness, of
heavy white corded silk to be exact. From
the shoulders hangs the ermine of royalty.
~t is of crimson velvet and trimmed with
rf-hite ermine, spotted at regular inter
vals — this ermine trimming— with dots of
Mack. Tut Medici collar and the bouf
fant sleeves comy>lete a rough description
of a handsome costume that bespeaks
royalty almost as much from its simpli
city as from its beauty. She looks every
every inch a queen— though her reign will
be brief enough, alas ! So think the merry
makers, at all events, regretful that all
this brightness, this color, these flowers
and the music ana the dancing may not
last forever. In the old engravings you
have seen Sir Walter Raleigh-take *the
beard from his chin and cheeks and you
have Pnnce Gilchrist, Prime Minister to
the Queen of San Mateo County's floral
festival.
_ Now the orchestra plays the W. M. B.
Grand March and the royal suite moves
with stately tread toward the throne. A
knowing little pa^e follows close behind
the Queen and holds high the long trailing
ermine mantle. This is little Harry Offer-
maun, quite conscious indeed of the
mighty honors bestowed upon him in
holding the train of so gracious and so ab
solute a monarch. The sentinel. Arthur
McDonald, and his two pages, Howard
and Edward Hurlbut, lead the way to the
throne. The maids of honor are robed all
in white silk ornamented with red roses.
No Queen of ancient times was ever at
tended by maids so beautiful.
Now the Queen has reached the canopy,
My Lord Gilchrist hands her to the throne
wiih all the courtliness that even Queen
Elizabeth could exact. Another instant
and two maids of honor have placed the
crown upon Queen Lillian — and San Mateo
County has its tirst monarch. Now, James
B. o'K.eefe.for the time being Mayor of
the city, brings forward the big silver keys.
He bends the knee before the crown and
then he says:
"Your Gracious Majesty, the distinction
of being the city of your coronation and
ascension to the throne of San Mateo
County Carnival of Flowers is an honor
of which the citizens of Redwood are not
unmindful. They enter into the spirit of
this .happy occasion and rejoice with you.
The city's oificial representatives have
delegated to me tne authority and ac
corded the pleasure of presenting these
silver keys to the Queen of the carnival,
thus symbolizing that she surrenders her
sovereignty unto you. Yourself and guests
are to enjoy the freedom of the city and
the warm friendship of her citizens. We
express the hope tnat yours will be a
reign of pleasure in whicn your guests to
the city will share. We extend you a
hearty welcome."
t When this is said and the keys really
passed then My Lord Prime Minister Gil
christ, on behalf of her Majesty, thus re
sponds:
"On behalf of her Majesty I take pleas
ure in accepting the symbol of authority
which the citizens of this city have so
kindly presented. She wishes to express
the hope that she may be guided by the
spirit which leads to the happiness of her
guests."
And so the Queen is crowned, and the
festival of Dame Flora is begun. Her
Majesty and her Minister step down. They
are met by Mr. Bullock— a Prince or Duke
is he, and he bears in his arms a pretty
blossom from each town and city in the
county, and on his toneue soft words of
greeting and allegiance. All of these he
bestows upon Queen Lillian and the Lord
Chamberlain makes another pretty speech
in acceptance. Now, verily, all of San
Mateo County has sworn fealty to the
reign of pleasure, and there must be no
troubled brows till the reign is over.
Again the orchestra plays the grand
march. The garlar.ds, which marked off
the royal promenade are laid aside and
the dance begins. It is the grandest fete
that San Mateo County has ever seen, the
most pleasing spectacle that any one well
could find. The coronation ceremonies
are over now. They were a success from
first to last, The coronation ball is still in
progress. The spacious hall is crowded
with dancers, and as many spectators as
the galleries will hold are watching the
beautiful moving color picture below with
the keenest in terest. More than 600 people
are in the hall, and there are still others
who would get in if there was room.
It is the elite orchestra of Redwood City
that is now keeping time in soft strains
to the twinkling feet, and its members
are: George Long, leader and first violin;
Harry Jamieson. clarionette; Will Jarnie^
son. trap drums; Lottie Christ, second
violin; Will Lipp, piano; Gus Staller,
slide trombone; Marie Heiner, second
violin; Carl Plump, bass violin; May
Cook, first violin; Charles Dohrmanstein,
piccolo; Henry Petzold, cornet.
During the coronation ceremonies the
Redwood City quartet added not a little
to the success of the great event by their
singing. In the quartet are Miss Lulu
Winne, John Lewis, Miss May Winneand
Cliff Bacon.
Of course all the ladies of the Free Kin
dergarten Association, for whose benefit is
the entire festival, were present, as were
also the schoolteachers now attending the
institute at the grammar school in this
city.
At the close of the afternoon session of
the institute all its members were the
guests of Philip Princevalle, the popular
candy manufacturer and proprietor of the
Redwood City Palace of Sweets. Here
some sixty odd ladies and gentlemen were
entertained with icecream and refresh
ments of the milder kind— right royally
entertained, say all those who were par
takers of Mr. Friuceval'e's hospitalities.
Mr. .Princevalle is one of the leading ruer-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1896.
chants of San Mateo County, and also the
agent at Redwood City for the San Fran
cisco Call.
Plates were laid for sixty people, and
those who sat before them and enjoyed a
very pleasant half hour, together with the
various county districts, in which they
teach the young idea how to shoot, were
as follows :
Alpine— Miss Mcllie Thompson.
Bell— Miss Tillie A. Pringle-
Belinont— Miss Belle McLellan.
Greersburg.
Mrs. Kate D. Spedding, Miss Mary F. Doyle.
Higgins— Miss Alice A. Elvin.
Halfmoon Bay.
George F. Gilcrest, George Williams.
Joseph McCarthy, Miss Sadie Savage,
I Miss Annie Lane.
Jefferson.
Miss Mamie C. Torpey. Miss Lydia Dearborn,
Miss Hannah Maguire.
Laguna— Miss Kate Torpey.
La Honda— Miss Kate McNamara.
Milbrae — Miss Alice Martin.
Montara— Miss Rose Meehan.
Menlo Park.
! H. C. Hall, Miss Alice Loveland,
Miss AUelia Madden, Miss Hannah Burke.
Pharis— Miss Lulu Compton.
Pigeon Point— Miss Ada M. White.
Pilarcitos— Miss Minnie Mullen.
Pomponia — W. J. Savage.
Purissima — Miss Rose Schubert.
Portola— Miss Mary Shine.
Pescadero.
Arthur Weed, Miss Mary Leathers.
Ravenswood— Miss Nellie Casey.
Redwood City.
G. P. Hartley, Mrs. J. E. Hartley,
Miss Mary Stewart, Miss Ida Martin,
Miss Mary Hanley, Miss Sallie Nelson,
Miss Lizzie Hall, Miss Josie Finger,
Miss Nellie Cloud.
Seaside — Miss .Louise Cumins.
Sunnyside-^-Miss Augusta Leathers.
San Gregorio — Miss Emma Gilbert.
San Pedro — Miss Kate Garrissino.
San Bruno.
Miss Flora Smith, Miss Florence Glennan.
San Mateo.
W. G. Hall, Miss Lillian Henion,
Miss Annie Craig, Miss Carrie Green,
Miss Minnie Edwards, Miss Maggie Maloney,
Miss Lizzie Keegan, Miss Reoecca Donahue.
Tunis— Miss Marguerite Joyes. '
Visitacion— Miss Kate A. McCarthy.
West Union— Miss Emily Leightou.
Wurr— Laurence Heiner.
To-morrow afternoon the flower festival
will open in Germania Hall. Saturday
afternoon there will be a baseball game
between the Redwood City nine and the
Menlo Park boys. The county bicycle
tournament will take place earlier the
same day.
MAYOR SUTRO'S BIRTHDAY
Remembered by Four Singing
Verein's in a Pleasant
Way.
His Honor's Sixty-Sixth Anniversary
Celebrated With Song and
Good Cheer.
The flower-perfumed walks of Sutro
Heights were invaded last night by 100
visitors from tne singing societies of the
four German Vereins, who invaded the
quiet Dome of the Mayor.
The cause of this invasion of the Heights
was the sixty-sixth birthday anniversary
of the City's chief executive.
The fact that the Mayor had not left the
City became known to a few of his im
mediate friends, among whom was Theo
dore Wiesr, an active member of one of the
vereins. Through Wiesr and a few others
a surprise was planned for the Mayor and
it was well carried out.
At 9 o'clock last evening the following
singing societies, under the leadership of
Professor A. isanz, assembled In front of
the entrance to the Heights: Alpen
roesli, Hessen, Schwaben ana Walholia.
They were marshaled by Mr. Wiesr
and headed by "Baby" Schmidt of the
Heights, who weighs 350 pounds, marched
through the grounds to the residence of
the Mayor.
On arriving at the residence the follow
ing songs were sung: "Der Tag dcs
Herrn," "Ym Lager yon Accon," "Macht
dcs Gesanges," "Haute Scheid Ich."
At the conclusion the Mayor stepped
out on the veranda, where he was met by
Herman L. Schmidt, who congratulated
him on his sixty-sixth anniversary.
His Honor responded, thanking his Ger
man friends for their thouphtfulness in
remembering him, and be invited them
into the banquet hall, where a supper had
already been prepared by the members of
his family, who were spending the even
ing with him. An elegant floral piece,
with the monogram "A. S." and 1830 and
1896, beautifully worked in pansies and
daisies, was presented.
A jovial and happy evening was spent
by friends and visitors until the last car
at midnight carried the singers to their
homes.
Smoking was not permitted in railway
carriages until 1846. On many foreign
lines smoking is so general that carriages
are Bet apart for non-smokers and so
abeled.
SINGLE TAXERS
"LOAD FOR BEAR,"
A National Petition Signed
by 10,000 Califor
nians.
PLEDGE FOR CANDIDATES
They Will Be Required to Sup
port a Constitutional
Amendment.
FARMERS NOT IN OPPOSITION.
Joseph Leggett and James S. Reynolds
Speak on Single Tax Issues in
California.
Now that the theory of the single tax
has become an issue of importance in
local, State and National politics through
the earnest and long-continued labor of
such men as Henry George and Congress
man James G. Maguire, the National Sin
gle Tax League has been circulating in
every State in the Union a petition pray
ing that the several Legislatures will en
act such measures as will result in the col
lection of all public revenues from the
value of land without regard to improve
ments on it and from no other source.
The petition is issued by the National
committee of the Single Tax League aud
reads as follows :
To the Legislature : We, the undersigned,
hereby petition for the enactment of such
measures as may result in the collection of all
public revenues— State, county, township and
municipal— from the value of land, irrespec
tive of improvements in or on it, and for the
abolition of all other taxes now levted for this
purpose.
Name
Residence
City or town
County and State
On the reverse side of the petition is the
following argumentative language in re
gard to the utility and necessity of the
single tax :
THE SINGLE TAX.
The single tax means the abolition of all
taxes on industry or on its products and the
taking for public purposes, by the taxation of
land values irrespective of improvements, of
that fund arising from the general growth
and development which constitutes the natu
ral, just and sufficient source of public reve
nues.
To tax labor or its products is to discourage
industry and decrease the general wealth.
To tax land values is to discourage the great
est of monopolies which prevent industry and
lessen the general wealth.
It will render it impossible for any one to ex
act for his private benefit a toll from others for
the use of those bounties of nature to which all
have the equal right of use, and compel every
one holding valuable natural opportunities
either to utilize them by the employment of
labor or permit others to do so.
It will thus open opportunities of work for
all and will secure to each the full reward of
his work. As a result involuntary poverty will
cease; the creed, intemperance and vice that
spring from poverty, or the dread of poverty,
■will disappear, and a reasonable equality of
condition, born of the equality of access to
natural opportunities, wIU t&ko the place of an
increasingly monstrous inequality.
The circulation of the petition for Cali
fornia has been in charge of Attorney James
S. Reynolds. When seen yesterday at his
offices, 405 Montgomery street, Attorney
Reynolds stated the interest manifested by
Californians generally relative to the
single tax doctrine had exceeded his great
est expectations. He said:
"The petition has been circulated in
every county in the State, though in some
more industriously than in others. San
Francisco leads, with over 2000 signatures.
Tulare comes next, with over 1000. Others,
liKe Alameda, Fresno, Kern, Kings, Los
Angeles, Sacramento, Stanislaus, Sonoma,
Marin and Plumas, follow with from 200
to 400 each. The sum total is nearly 10,000
signatures.
"In some localities a majority of the
voting population have signed. Not all
of these can be counted as active single
taxers, yet they all knew what they signed
and most of them knew what they wanted,
and can be relied on to vote for the single
tax the first time it is presented to them
as a measure in practical politics.
"It is our purpose to circulate this peti
tion moie actively than ever before
until the Legislature meets. It is
a mistake to suppose that the farmers of
California are either indifferent or gen
erally opposed to the doctrine of the single
tax. This is shown by the large number
of signatures in several of the valley
counties. W. H. Alford, Esq.. of Visalia.
who was a member of the Assembly of
1893, and at that time strenously opposed
to the submission of a single-tax constitu
tional amendment, has since become a
convert to the doctrine, and told me over a
year ago that they can carry Tulare County
the first time they get a chance to vote
on it.
"Plumas County is also regarded as per
fectly safe, owing to the work of James E.
Mills and others.
"Circulating this petition is not all the
single-taxers are doing now by any means
—they are 'loading for bear.' A demand
begins to come in from those who have
signed the foregoing petition for some
thing more definite. They propose to re
quire a pledge from legislative candidates
to submit a constitutional amendment
that will open the way to single-tax legis
lation.
"In compliance with this request, the
following pledge has been prepared and
will immediately be put into circulation :
I hereby promise that I will vote only for
such candidates for the Senate and Assembly
as are pledged in writing to submit a constitu
tional amendment which will open the way to
single-tax legislation.
"This pledge will be vigorously circu
lated from now on up to the time of the
election. Single-taxers are beginning to
think that they have been doing educa
tional and propaganda work long enough
to look for practical results. This pledge
will put Legislative candidates to the test.
In very many districts in the State they
hold the balance of power, and in this
matter they absolutely know no politics
except such as make for or against the
amendment.
"All we. need in this State to make a be
ginning in adopting the single tax is to
get the constitutional provision requiring
everything to be taxed to be amended so
that the Legislature will have jurisdiction
of the subject. Or, if we had local option
in taxation, we know for a certainty that
we could carry several counties immedi
ately for the abolition of all taxes on per
sonal property, and San Francisco is one
of them. This shows how important we
regard the question of the constitutional
amendment proposed."
Attorney Joseph Leggett, who is the
California member of the National Com
mittee of the Single-tax League, said:
"The single-tax is rapidly passing out of
the stage of mere propaganda and enter
ing the field of practical politics. It is in
active political discussion to-day in the
States of Delaware, New York, Massa
chusets, Ohio, Michigan and Illinois, and
it is destined soon to become the leading
issue in every State of this Union.
"That the people even in California are
ready for the issue is evident from the fact
that in little over a year nearly 10,000
voters here signed the National single-tax
petition, and these signatures have been
obtained solely through the voluntary and
desultory work of a few earnest men dur
ing their leisure hours."
EPISCOPALIAN CONVENTION.
Hundred Delegate* From Diocese of
California to Meet in Grace Church.
The forty-sixth annual convention of
the Episcopal Diocese of California will be
held in Grace Church, corner of California
and Stockton streets, next Tuesday,
Wednesday, and probably a large part of
Thursday.
About a hundred clerical and lay dele
gates are expected, and they will represent
the district from San Francesco Bay south
to Bakersrield.
No business of particular impoitance is
expected at this year's convention. The
settlement of financial questions between
the diocese and the recently created diocese
of Southern California will be one of the
pricipal matters for discussion. Then, too.
the canons of the diocese will have to be
altered to conform with the new territor
ial boundaries occasioned by the formation
of tbe southern see.
The Rev. E. J. Lion of St. Stephen's in
this City will Dreach a sermon at 11 o'clock:
on the opening day of the convention.
On Thursday evening the Right Rev.
Bishop Nichols will give a reception at the
Occidental Hotel from 8 until 11 o'clock.
While it will be primarily in honor of the
delegates it will be a large general recep
tion to all Epicopalians.
On the following Friday at 11 A. m.
Bishop Johnson of Los Angeles will make
his debut before a San Francisco audience,
when he will preach at the annual meet
ing of the Woman's Auxiliary to be held
in St. Luke's Church.
RARE FLOWERS ON SHOW
Exhibition of Beauties Will Open
in the Palace Hotel
To-Day.
Will Be Tod by Ladhs as They
View the Blossoms in the
Maple Hall.
In the annex of the Maple room in the
Palace Hotel there were a dozen vases of
old-fashioned roses yesterday, some yel
low, one cluster pink and still others of the
pale "tea" variety. And they had come
from Monterey to bloom beside the pam
pered beauties of the flower show. A trifle
quaint and plebianthey looked there amid
rare palms, waiting to be classed, and
though fragrant as roses are, yet their one
charm in the connoisseur's critical eye
was a pretty historical incident.
The roses were dried by the journey and
perhaps a little worn from long years in
the adobe soil.
They were reminiscent of- a romantic
happening long ago at Monterey. As the
story was told by a lady in the Maple
room yesterday it proved to be one of the
most interesting things said about the
show. They came from an old lady at
Monterey. When a beautiful girl she met
General Sherman, and they were lovers
for a time by the blue bay. One day while
the general was in the garden with his
fiancee — for they had pledged their troth —
he receivea a summons to no East. The
general promised he would return and
make her his bride, and they planted a
rosebush together where they stood.
General Sherman went away, but never
came back to Monterey. His love was left
with the roses that have bloomed and
grown old and are now interesting for their
story.
"She is selling the roses now, partly for
a living," was the careless remark of a lady
engaged in arranging the flowers.
The show promises to be a triumph of
floriculture, and apart from these blossoms
will attract attention from lovers of flowers.
It is the thirteenth flower show in San
Francisco, held by the >tate Floral Society,
that was organized seven years ago. While
the season was not favorable to the possi
bilities of a fine display of blossoms extra
efforts have been made by exhibitors to
secure some interestinc specimens, and for
that reason it is believea the show will be
even better than it would have been under
different circumstances.
Last evening as mauy as thirty-six ex
hibitors had made formal application for
space, and many more were expected to
apply to-day. San Francisco, Mann, San
Mateo, Alameda, Santa Clara, Mendocino,
Monterey, Santa Cruz and Contra Costra
counties were represented.
The show will open at noon to-day,
when a private reception to several promi
nent people for inspection will be held.
The Maple and Marble halls and the
Maple annex will then present a beautiful
spectacle, with the choicest and most
beautiful blooms of the local gardens set
out upon white stands in glass vases.
The rooms will be thrown open at 1 p. m.
and remain open until 10 p. m. continu
ously till Saturday, when the hours will be
from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 10 p. m.
Promenade concerts will be given each
evening and the State University will have
men from its agricultural department each
afternoon to teach visitors how to treat
flowers. The rose display will be the chief
feature, but there will also be a splendid
East Portland, Or., boasts of one of the
prettiest Margarettes in the land. This
sweet little girl is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. H. Schnider of 282 Crosby street, East
Portland, Or. As you see her in this pic-
ture you see her in the flesh. Her cheeks
are plump, her eves bright, and there is
color in her cheeks. There is not a mark,
a blot or blemish to spoil the beautiful
contour of the face. The reason is given
that she has been using Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. Margarette sends her love
to California, and tells of her delight with
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Margarette is winsome, bright, and is
easily the prettiest Margarette in the coun-
try. I spoke to her father. His place of
business is at 33 Fourth street, Portland,
he came out of his office especially to tell
me of the great good Joy's Vegetable Sar-
saparilla had done forthefamily. "It is,"
said he, "the family medicine now, and
we propose always to keep this remedy in
the house." He advised me to visit many
other houses in Portland and I would
learn of wonderful things that had been
done by Joy's Vegetable fearsaparilla. He
said be knew of a case of scrofula that was
completely cured by this great blood med-
icine. He also informed me of a lady who
had running sores over the body and she
had been using the Sarsaparilla for two
months to good effect.
By the way, a remarkable thing in Port-
land is that there are no substitutes here.
People are not putting up something '-just
as «ood." and of course when you ask for
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla you get it
without a murmur. The truth is they are
not cutting the price, and druggists make
a rational profit, therefore do not feel in-
clined to cheat people. It is a good idea
to publish this letter as written.
HENRY TILLMAN.
collection of other choice blossoms no
parade.
CITIZENS MUST READ.
Judge Belcher's Fiat Regarding Appli
cants in Hi* Department.
Judge Belcher has decided that no man
who cannot read or write may pass him
as a citizen. A few days ago such an ap
plicant presented himself, and Judge
Belcher denied his application.
"I will not admit any one to citizenship
who cannot read," said the Judge in deny
ing the application, "for one of the most
important duties of citizenship is jury
duty, and the law contemplates that jurors
shall be able to read.
"It provides that when the jury retire
to consider their verdicr they may take
the exhibits with them and the written
instructions given by the court and their
own notes of the testimony. Every per
son whom I admit to citizensnip will have
to read to mo from the constitution of the
United States and, upon examination, dis
play acquaintance with its principles."
Additional Sunday Trains.
Beginning next Sunday, two additional
trains will be put on the coast division of the
Southern Pacific Company for the season, to
run on Sunday only. One will be known as
the Monterey and Santa Cruz Sunday express
and willleuve San Francisco at 7:30 a. m. and
NEW TO-DAT.
Does not make a Summer ; neither does a
swallow-tailed coat look well for Summer
wear. You want one of our right-up-to-date
invisible plaid or fancy check sack suits.
Cheviots, Cassimeres and Scotch Tweeds in
the latest designs and soft cool colors.
We make these up to your order in the
highest style of the tailors' art, for prices
ranging from $10 to $20. We guarantee per-
fect fit, best trimmings and workmanship ;
equal to what uptown tailors will charge you
double for.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS
BEWARE of firms imitating our name Ot«1 I VI /\ Ml IV Ed 1 Oli
and methods. Our only branch in
S. F. is at 21 1 Montgomery st.
FAILING MANHOOD
General and Nervous Debility.
/fc-jf. Weakness of : Body and
//fifltvV- Mind, Effects of Errors
vCIS^CT'K or Excesses in Old or
**)&-#■& v 3 Young. Robust, Noble
, 5? > j'{rJ»^L Manhood fully Restored.
S& ktJ How to Enlarge and
jl? Kf /\ ■ Strengthen Weak, Un-
CrfrQ\\r'' '*^SL&a developed Portions ot
/»«/Wtf^^>^X Bod y- Absolutely Tin-
FWZiflMrtW M filing Rome Treatment.
' nf^7JuSr 11V- \LvJ_ —Benefits in a day.
Men testify from 60 States, and Foreign
Countries. Send for Descriptive Book, ex-
planation and proofs, mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO.. Buffalo, N.Y.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
SAPRAWO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 A. X.; 12:35
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. h. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. H.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a k-
-12:45 3:40. 6:1 ) p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. -
SUNDAYS-7:35, 9:35, 11:10 a. if.; 1:40, 3:4 a
5:00, 6 .25 P. If.
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park same
schedule as above.
Leave _ _ . Arrive
San Francisco. A pr"^, San Francisco.
Wekk SUN- 1^. I ,f n ) a J : l . n SON- I Week
Days. | days, destination. DAYB . [ Days .
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm| 10:10 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. .7:30 pm 6:15 pm
~~ Fulton, ~
7:30 Ail Windsor, 10:10 AM
; Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am 1 Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 px
"~ i Heta,
7:30 am Hopland & 10:10 am
3:30 PMj 7:3oam Uklah. 7:3opm 6:lspm
7:80 am ~~- | i ; 10:10 am
30 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm I ■
3:30 pm I I . | 6:15 pm
7:?O am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am I 8:40 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 fm
I '■■■■■ 1 Glen Ellen. ■ ■
7:30 am 1 7 :30 am SebastODOl 110:40 am 1 10 :10 am
3 :30 pm 1 5 :C0 pm "CPastopol- |6:ospm| 6:lspm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Kay and Lakeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs: at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper La.cc. Porno, Potter
\ alley. John Day's. Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhed-
/•in Heights, Gravelly Valley, Boonevllle. Green-
wood, Orrs Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal, Wlllets, Cahto, Covelo
Laytonville. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
■ Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. - -.-.-.. j - ...
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H.C. WHITING. R.3CRYAN. *
, Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
aJP o £-» I t * sy ■
BAILROAD J
Trains leave from and arrive £ss!sS2?£&E IS V
»l Market-Street Ferry. iSf^^^UVEl
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., carrying Pull " I *"
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to . t-nlcago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars tot
Denver and St. Louis. • _^_ •
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with ; Dining-cars,
■nder Harvey s management. : Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the Easb
Hew rails, new ties; no dust; Interesting scenery j
and good meals In Harvey's dining-room or dlaiar
dig, .... !;..j I-: -■:■ -■ :.-.- ■•. : ;-.- * . -.V; r=. . ■-■ ; V -'V . ! '.' • . .
<BW * Ticket Offlce-64 Market Street,
. Chronicle Building.
return here at 8:35 p. m. The other will be a
Sunday accommodation train to Palo Alto,
which will leave here at 9 :47 a. m.
St. Mary's College Picnic.
St. Mary's College picnic takes plac? May 2
at Shell Mound, Berkeley. Tickets 50 cents.
Father Brody and the different committees
have been hard at work fora long time past to
make the picnic a success. There will be
amusements in plenty for old and young alike.
Boats leave every naff hour.
An Apprentice Killed.
Henry Pattberg, an apprentence on the
British ship Brabloch, laying at the Spreckels
Sugar Refinery wharf, fell down the hold
yesterday afternoon. Both bones of his left
arm and one of the bones of his right arm were
broken, and he was suffering from concussion
of the brain and internal injuries. He was
taken to the City and County Hospital, whcio
he died at midnight.
Disturbing the Peace.
As a result of the fracas at(>32 Market street,
last Saturday, over the possession of an office,
George D. Shadbourne Jr. swore out warrants
in Judge Low's court yesterday for the arrest
o( E. D. Wiibur, Theodore A. Jackson, \V. John
son and Charles Lee, on the charge of disturb
ing the peace.
Texas' corn crop of 1895 is estimated at
150,000,000 bushels, which is 50 per cent
greater than the crop of 1894, and 30 per
more corn than was raised in the State be
fore in any one year.
RAILROAD TRAVEIj;
SOUTHERN PACIFIC (OIPA.M.
 | , (PACIFIC mm.)
Train* leave mxl arc line to arrive »«
a SAN fltANilSt'O. ,
leave — From March 26, IS3G. — Aititiva
7:OOa Atlantic Kxpress, Og'len and l'.ast.. B:*3p
' 7:OOa Benicia, VacaTille. Kumsey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis.... 7il3p
7:0Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
■ - ■ toga and Santa Rosa 6:lSp
8:3Oa Nile.-;, San Jose, .Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, M.-irysville. lied liliiff * :
and Sundays eicepted Oro»ille i:!sp
"8:3Oa Peters and Milton "7:15p
9ii»«ia Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Loh Angeles i:4ftp
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 1O:15a
»:OOa Vallejo O:15p
l:OOpNiles, San Jose and LiTermore »:■!."> a
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *O:OOp
I::iOi> Port Costa and Way Stations. t?:43p
4:OOp Martinoz, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
Santa Itoia 9:13*
4:00p Benicia, Esparto, Woodland
Knights Landing, Marysville
Oroville and Sacramento ........ X 0:43,4
4:3opNiles, San Jose, LiTermore and ,
Stockton '.. 7«1»*
4:30p Merced, Berenda. Raymond , (for ■ - , .
Yosemite) and Fresno 11*434,
. StOOp New Orleans lixprera.Fresiio.Bakers-
field, Santa Darb.tra.Los Anceles, •?
Deming, El Paso, New Orleans and _
East.. lOiIBa
' SiOOp Santa IV, Route, Atlantic Express
forMojave and East 1O:1Sa
B:OOpVaUejo • 11:43*
6:OOi> Kuropenu Mail, Ogden and 8MC.... 9:43 a
6:OOpllay»arda, Niles and San Jose 7:43 a
J7:OO r Vallejo ;..".. t?:4sp
7:O«»p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marjs-
ville, Redding, Portland, .Puget ' .
Sound and East Jo:43a
«[flo:osp " Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los
Ange'.es. El Paso. New Orleans
andEart t!2;4SF
SANTA Cltl DIVISION (Narrow «ange). \
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz • ■ -,-
and Principal Way BUtions JB:o3 r.
Newark, Ceiiterville,Kan.lose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way ,
SUtions ...'. otowm
•2:15p Newark. Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, •. '.■ '1
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •11«» a.
4:lSp Newark San Jose and Los Gatos.... 9:30 a
COAST lU VISION (Third & Totrnsciid SU.)
6:43 a San Jose and Way SUtions (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) It4sp
SilSa San Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz, ' j • .
Pacilic Grove. Paso ltocles, San . V "> '
1 Luis Ohispo, Guadalupe and Priu- _
cipal Way Stations 7rO3p
10:40 a San Jose and Way Stations i !3:00p
11:45 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
. *2:30r San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pinos, 6" ta :. >•
■ . Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacftic
:-■■"'.;■■ Grove ........;. *I0:40a
*3::iOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:47 a
•4:30t- San Jose and Way Stations *8:06 a
s:>lOr San Jose and Way 5Uti0n5......... *8:48 a
6::»Oi> San Jose and Way Stations 6:35 a
■}11:45p San Jose and Way Stations...... t7:45p
' SAX L.EAXUKO AX» HAI WARDS LOCAL.
' t*6:OOA "I — — — ( jjijja
8:00 a . (9:4SA
iS : Soa Melrose, Seminary P«k, ] 'ISst
"£oSp Fitchb«rg,S«Le.««_» >»;«J
S:ggr » d «;13?
»;o.p Howard,. «»
7:OOp all**
9-OOp * RtmB through to Niles. ' j 0,30p
ttll:lsp^ tFromNiles. \ tt!2:OQp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From FRISCISC0 — of Mtrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00. 11:00 a.m. +1:03 *2:00 ±3:00
•4:00 +5:00 *6:00 p.i«.
rrom OAILIHD— Foot of Broadw»y.— 6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. 112:00 *l:00 12:00 *3:00 ' J1:00
: •«5:00r.M.> : - -■■■■.-••.■■■ .
• • ■■•' A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ' :
•Sun Jays excented. . ■ ■ 1 Saturdays only.
•v % Sundays only. Tuesdays only. l(^
j "ft Monday, Thursday snd Saturday nights only.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
from San Francisco, Commencing March '-9, 189
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, . •8-00
♦9:15 10:15, 11:45, A. M.:.»1U5, 3:20, 4:15,
: 5:16. »6:00. a:3sp. M.
; Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednc*
I days and Saturdays at 11 :S0 P. m.
SUNDAYS.'
For Mill Valley and S*n Rafael-»8:00. •9:00,
•10:00, 11:30 a. m.;**l_:3j. ♦! :ao, *2:16,*4:00,
6:30, 6:46, 8:30 p.m. Extra trip to Bauialitoat
11:00 a. m. , ...
I Trains marked • run to Sato Quentln. ••13tM
p. ii. does not run to Mill Valley
. THROUGH TRAINS.
J|»» *• *' weekdays— Cazadero and way station*
»:oo a. m. Sundays— and way stations.
»:OO a. ii. Sunday »— Point Reyes ana way st»tloas>
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHABLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market • st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 57a Residence 1320
i'eU au Telephone.- "Pine" 2591.
56
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, byoarrier.. so.ls
Daily and Sunday Call, oue year, by mail. . . . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, blx months, by mall.. S.OO
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .68
iueday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
WiKtY Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation ? If
io, tt Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
four address. Do not let It miss you for you will
cm It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
■an Francisco, I'alifurnta.
f*l«phena Main-1888
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street,
teJephOM Matn-1674
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; »pen until
1:80 o'c'ock.
889 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
IB til 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
119 Ninth street; open untU 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
SOS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Imu 81 and 32, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Atrent.
THURSDAY APRIL 30, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
"Whatever the monopoly may do it can
noi stop the competing railroad.
By this time next year Cleveland can go
fishing without anybody making a fuss
about it.
The rival glories of Redwood and Santa
Rosa will set the State in a blaze for the
rest of the week.
It is the unpledged delegations that hold
the balance of power in all conventions
and name the winners.
The proposed free market is one of the
home enterprises that will benefit city and
country and do good all around.
From the way things are going the time
may come when Chicago will begin to call
herself the Stockton of the lakes.
The man who can best harmonize ail the
elements of the Republican party is the
man to be nominated at St. Louis.
It is one of the good signs of the time
that the free-traders have so far quit their
foolishness as to quit talking about it.
Many a Democrat who evades any talk
about the tariff has made up his mind to
himself to vote for protection next time.
The Redwood festival is to San Fran
cisco something like a home enterprise
and ought to be patronized on that basis.
Californians who say they do not care
whether the State has a representative in
the next Cabinet or not wouid say most
anything.
While Cleveland'? Venezuelan message
was good enough, the country would pre
fer a foreign policy that had vigor of action
as well as of talk.
Call it protection, reciprocity, bimet
allism or what you will, the main issue be
fore the American people this year is to
return to prosperity.
In saying that he has committed no out
rages in Cuba General Wevler has been
guilty of plagiarism. The Sultan said the
same thing about Armenia.
Since the Democrats of Massachusetts
have indorsed Russell for the Presidency
it is observed in Washington that Olney is
more like an icicle than ever.
Gorman would have roasted Cleveland
more effectually if he had not scattered
his fire in a foolish attempt to roast the
policy of naval extension also.
The Russell platform is said to be the
Bam e as the Cleveland platform, and if
that be true he is standing on a slippery
mud bank beside the McGinty sea.
All Eastern visitors to California should
make it a point to attend at least one of
the many festivals of the season to see the
beauty a California town can put on when
it decorates itself.
About 500 newly arrived pauper immi
grants are to be sent back where they
came from, but as they are only a small
fraction of those that got in Europe still
has the bulge on us.
California Republicans are loyal to all
the great leaders of the party, and it would
be a misrepresentation to send to tbe Bt.
Louis convention a delegation pledged to
any one to the exclusion of all others.
Carnegie may have told the truth in
saying that he made armor-plate only as a
patriotic duty, but it is certain that in
making out his -bills he attended strictly
to p rivate businessana made the most of it.
It is a significant sign of the times that
while Democrats are talking about the
chances of their various leaders as candi
dates Republicans are discussing which of
their leaders is best fitted to be President.
As the Boston Journal reports a notable
absence of the mugwump element from
the recent Democratic State Convention in
that city it is evident that the rats have
abandoned the sinking ship aud the end is
near.
To eliminate everything displeasing to
one faction or another in the party the
Democrats this year will have to make
their platform so narrow that the candi
date who goes through the campaign on
it will feel very much as if he had been
ridden on a rail.
A bill has been introduced into the Mas
sachusetts Legislature providing for the
tearing down of the present Capitol and
erection of a new one, and as a conse
quence tliere are more kinds of hysterics
among the conservatives of the State than
would be manifest in a woman's rights
convention if forty rats were turned loose
oa the floor.
Six States— Massachusetts, New York,
Ohio, Minnesota, Montana and Utah— are
considering the advisability of adopting
the Torrens system of land transfer, and
there ia reason to believe most of them
will adopt it in some form. The bill on
the subject introduced into the Ohio Legis
lature proposes to make the system com
pulsory, but elsewhere the sentiment is in
favor of trying it fix at as an optional ex
gwimeut.
OFF ITS PERCH.
Our contemporary, the Examiner, has
been taking of late a much greater interest
in Republican than in Democratic politics.
This, of course, is natural, for the affairs of
Democracy are calculated to produce a
tired feeling even in Democratic organs
and incline them to look to Republicanism
for something of political life and vigor.
Thus we are not surprised that the Exam
iner should have devoted a part of its
editorial page yesterday to a consideration
of "McKinley in California," nor do we
find it strange that the consideration
should have led it to undergo a spell of
morbidness and write out of its bile rather
than its intellect.
The Examiner declares "McKinley would
make the weakest candidate the Republi
can partycould put up— always excepting,
of course, disreputables like Quay." It
further asserts: "The one weak spot in
McKinley's campaign is the East. If he
were as strong on the other side of the
Ohio as he is on this side he would get
the nomination by acclamation." This is
the Democratic view, it seems, and will
doubtless be as amusing to independents
and even to intelligent Democrats as it is
to Republicans.
It is a misuse of terms to speak of
McKinley as the "weakest candidate" the
Republican party could put up, for as a
matter of fact there are no weak candidates
named for the party nomination. Any
one of the illustrious Republicans who
have been proposed for the Presidency
would be elected if nominated. The mem
bers of ths party in California will vie
with those of other localities to see wnose
State will roll up the biggest majority for
protection prosperity and the St. Louis
nominee. Allison, Cullom, Reed, Morton.
McKinley. or Quay would each poll not
only the full vote of the Republican party,
but the independent vote and a consider
able percentage of Democrats and Popu
lists, who have repented of free trade and
Clevelandism.
The Examiner's attempted slur upon
Quay by the use of the word "disreput
able 1 ' deserves a passing notice. Quay is
disreputable only smong Democrats, who
vilify the leader who beats them, and
among a certain class of Pennsylvania
would-be bosses who have tried to over
throw him and failed. His war record is
one of the most glorious achieved by the
brave men who entered the army as
privates and won promotion by arduous
service on the field. His political record
shows him to be one of the ablest leaders
of men now living, and his achievements
in the Senate give him a right to rank
among the great statesmen of the age.
He is not disreputable among people of
good repute themselves, and the honors
bestowed on him by the conservative and
honorable commonwealth of Pennsylvania
is a proof of the fact.
The Examiner need not concern itself
further about the Republican party or Re
publican candidates. It may take it as an
assured fact that the party, with any of
the great men named as its leader, can
carry the country.
In the meantime it might be worth while
for our contemporary to look around and
see if it can nnd a Democratic candidate
who will be sure of carrying for his party
even so much as a State or two in the one
time solid South.
NEWSPAPERS AND TRADE.
The Call has repeatedly called atten
tion to the folly of those of its contem
poraries that seek to establish a larger
circulation by offering chromos, prizes and
a thousand forms of fake inducements to
the public. This course of building up or
maintaining a paper is journalism in name
only. A newspaper should sell news and
not books, bicycles or baby carriages. It
should aim to give its readers the value of
their money in the fullness of its reports
of trade, politics, society and all the
abounding activities of life. If it cannot
give news enough to justify the charge it
makes it should cease to call itself a news
paper and solicit subscriptions only for its
coupons and their chances.
The subject, however, has another as
pect tnat is too often overlooked. The
Dress stands in an almost confidential re
lation to business. Tbe newspaper and
the merchant are allies. They are of mu
tual helpfulness when each is conducted
in legitimate channels. When the news
paper, however, combines its press with a
junkshop and proceeds to issue coupons
by which people can get a cheap sort of
books, bicycles or baby carriages at prices
far below what good articles can be sold
for by men who have a reputation as hon
est merchants to maintain, then the press,
instead of being the ally, becomes the foe
of the merchant. Instead of building up
trade it tends to demoralize it, and not in
frequently seriously injures business by
introducing into a community an over
stock of cheap articles of one kind or an
oiher that prevents the sales of the mer
chant.
If a newspaper should undertake to in
troduce cheap labor into a community the
workingmen's unions would very soon
register an effectual protest. The mer-
cantile community, however, seems to
lack this ability to work together. Deal
ers in one branch of trade do not make a
common cause with those of another
branch whose business is assailed by some
new coupon scheme advanced by an "en
terprising editor." Thus the journalistic
faker is enabled to attack first one branch
of business and then another with com
parative impunity. So long as merchants
act with this indifference to a mutual in
terest they will always be exposed to the
faker's assaults, and the misfortune of one
branch of trade to-day is likely to be that
of another to-morrow.
The doctrine of The Call has been that
of "live and let live." Competition is hard
enough as it is upon merchants of small
means without having added to it the
tricks and schemes of fake journalism. The
coupon, lottery ticket, prize chromo busi
ness we regard, therefore, as being doubly
injurious, inasmuch as it not only degrades
journalism but demoralizes trade. It is
rapidly becoming one of the great evils of
journalistic and business life and it is
high time that reputable merchants as
well as reputable editors should begin to
take some steps toward abating it.
WORKING SOUTHWARD.
The hearty assistance which Fresno is
giving the right-of-way agent of the Valley
road in selecting a route south of Fresno
is all the more commendable when it is
reflected that the road to Fresno is assiired
and will soon be completed, and that the
city is thus provided with a means for
sending its products to tidewater. What
ever benefit it may secure from the south
ward extension of the road will be small
in comparison with its facilities for reacn
ing the bay of San Francisco. Not con
tent with all the financial and moral en
couragement which it has given the new
road, it sends able citizens into the field to
assist in securing a right of way. Such
public spirit as this is worthy of emula
tion. Doubtless Visalia, Hanford, Tulare
and BaKersfield will put similar com
mittees at work.
No contracts will be made for right of
way until all the routea have been in
THE SAN FRANCISOC CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1896.
spected and the terms offered by land
owners'are compared. As the territory is
all good and the choice of routes on that
account small, the selection will be de
termined by the liberality of the land
owners. The value of the road to all lands
over which it passes will be so great that a
serious injury will be suffered by progres
sive owners willing to donate the right of
way if others, who wish to take a selfish
and short-sighted advantage of the situa
tion, force the road upon some other route
by demanding damages. The great need
of that whole section for a competing road
is so evident that any obstacle to its rapid
progress would be a misfortune.
The operations of the new company
thus far nave developed some things that
are entirely new in the history of railroad
operations in California. Whenever ma
terials and labor procurable in California
were needed they have been employed.
Construction has been done honestly and
without tne mediation of a company or
eanized among the controlling stockhold
ers to make a profit out of the work. The
policy announced at the start, to charge
only such transportation rates as will pay
a reasonable interest on the investment is
being put in operation by the compilation
of schedules based on that proposition.
Nothing fictitious or shady has been re
sorted to. The result of such a policy
has been to secure a popular sympathy
and co-operation hitherto unknown in
California between railroads and the peo
ple. This will have a very important bear
ing on the value of the new company's se
curities and the amount of its earnings.
It will likewise react wholesomely upon
the work of developing the State.
DISTRESS OF MANUFACTURERS.
Their distress must be great when more
than a thousand leading manufacturers
feel obliged to commission a score of their
number to go to St. Louis and tell the
Republican Convention that speedy relief
from the hurtful operation of the Wilson
tariff act is necessary to the existence of
the industrial enterprises of this country.
Yet just such a committee was appointed
by a convention of manufacturers in Phila
aelphia the other day. They had given
the Democratic theory of import taxes a
thorough practical test, and they com
pared notes. The conclusion was that the
country must go back to substantially the
schedule of Custom-house charges of 1890
or the wages of industrial operatives would
have to be brought down on a parity with
the operatives of Europe. The alternative
remained, of course, to put out the fire in
their furnaces and let their enipioyes seek
a living in other channels of occupation.
No stronger or more logical argument
could be submitted for the cause of protec
tion than the statement, substantiated by
the figures of experience of more than a
thousand owners of American industrial
enterprises, that they cannot longer keep
the machinery of their plants in motion
unless the Nation stands between them
and the product of the pauper and poorly
paid labor of the old country, unless they
adopt Europe's wage schedule and reduce
American labor and American manhood
to the level of the industrial centers of the
countries of Euope. In view of these
facts it is not to be wondered at that the
industries of America are up in arms as
one man against the further operation of a
law that steadily but surely gives foreign
countries the privilege of becoming mas
ters in the markets of the United States
upon the ruins of our own industries.
The brain and the brawn of this country
are in perfect accord with the purpose of
this committee of manufacturers, and it
may be said that if the St. Louis conven
tion fails in any particular to emphasize
the determination of the Republican party
to right the great wrong which has been
inflicted upon the country by Democratic
incapacity the people will repudiate the
candidate. But, of course, the convention
will pledge the party to principles which,
contemplate the highest good to all the
people. The people of the United States
have been driven close to the abyss of
bankruptcy in the last three years, but
there are still lower depths to sink into,
and because there are, and it is because the
people want the country's business inter
ests carried away from and out of reach of
Democratic policies and Democratic igno
rance of the needs and requirements of the
country's business interests, that they are
standing with the manufacturers in their
efforts to thoroughly fortify this country
against invasion by foreign pauper labor
made commodities. The time has come
when it must be made a settled and unal
terable principle of this Government that
the population of the United States shall
never be denied opportunity to earn
homes that employment may be secured
to the people of Europe or of Asia or of
Africa.
CANADIAN COMPETITION.
The recent realization of the harm which
the Canadian Pacific Railway is doing to
American commerce recalls an able mi
nority report made a few years ago to the
convention of chambers of commerce of
the Pacific Coast held in this City. A
committee was appointed to consider "the
application of the interstate commerce
law to tne American carrying trade of the
Canadian Pacific Railway, or the abolition
of the bonding system for railway carriage
through foreign territory." A. S. Hallidie
of this City presented a minority report,
but it was not adopted, as popular senti
ment on the coast had not been sufficiently
edncated at that time and was auite dif
ferent from the sentiment to which riper
experience has given birth.
The recent agitation In Congress on this
subject embraces two propositions— a
withdrawal by the United States of the
bonding privilege enjoyed by the Canadian
Pacific in shipping American goods out of
the United States over the feeders of that
road to the main line, and the granting of
a mail subsidy to the Oceanic Steamship
Company to enable it to compete with the
heavily subsidized steamers of the Cana-
dian Pacific, to the end that we shall re
cover a part of the large Australian traffic
which we have lost through the superior
advantages enjoyed by the Canadian line.
Mr. Hallidie's statement of the situation
in his minority report was the clearest and
ablest ever made. After showing that the
Canadian Pacific was carrying passengers
and freight at rates below those of our
roads he said :
"Running from Montreal to Vancouver,
a distance of about 2900 miles, costing
$161,000,000, the Canadian Pacific has re
ceived from the Dominion Government
$105,000,000 in cash and equivalents and
$110,000,000 in guaranteed securities. Its
property is free from taxation. By the
terms of its charter it has the sole privi
lege to build or operate railroads west of
Ontario. Its land grant of 25,000,000 acres
is exempt from taxation, as much as is
unsold, for twenty years. An annual
mail contract of $500,000 has been granted
for a connecting line of steamers from its
western terminus to Japan and China,
and for the short road built through the
forests of Maine, by favor of the State; it
receives also from the Dominion of Canada
a subsidy of $180,000 per annum for twenty
years. It has secured the control of lines
in Maine, Michigan, Wisconsin and Min
nesota, and the United States Government
has granted a franchise for a bridge across
the Straits of St. Marie, and it now con
trols over 5000 miles of railroad."
Mr. Hallidie pointed out that if it were a
mere matter of competition there would be
no ground for complaint, "but the privi
leges granted by the States and the United
States are not reciprocated by the Domin
ion, * * * and are menacing to Ameri
can interests." Of course Canada would
have nothing to gain, but much to lose,
from agreeing by treaty to place its rail
roads and connecting steamship lines on
an equal footing with ours. Our only
remedy is to withdraw the privileges
which we extend to Canadian roads and
meet its steamship subsidies with appro
priations. That report, the contents of
which are merely hinted at here, is recom
mended to the attention of those who are
specially interesting themselves in the
subject.
PERSONAL.
J. L. da Bozza of Elk Grove Is at the Palace.
R. E. Safibld, an attorney of Napa, is at the
Lick.
W. H. Leeds of Salem, Or., arrived here yes
terday.
Professor A. M. Elston of Berkeley is at the
Baldwin.
E. W. Whitehead of Dayton, Ohio, is at the
Cosmopolitan.
W. D. Aiken of Kaui, Hawaiian Islands, is at
the Occidental.
A. C. Rosendale, a merchant of Pacific Grove,
is at the Grand.
James Garbutt. a business man of Fargo, is
at the Occidental.
E. E. Barton of West Superior, Wis., is among
recent arrivals here.
David Smithhurst, one of the miners of Red
Lodge, is in the City.
J. A. Wanehope of Australia is at the Palace,
accompanied by his wife.
W. G. Oldnam of Ukiah and ft party of
friends are at the Baldwin.
G. W. Williams and wife of St. Louis, Mo., are
guests at the Cosmopolitan.
J. R. Mclntyre, one of the leading merchants
of Tacoma, is on a visit here.
Z. W. Burnham, the wealthy merchant of
Chico, is here on a business trip.
J. R. Justice of Winston, N. C, is at the
Grand, accompanied by his wife.
M. Lawrence, manager of the Tallac House,
Lake Tahoe, is here on a business trip.
Dr. W. H. Hall and family, of Martins Ferry,
Ohio, are staying at the Cosmopolitan.
C. C. Darling, the "Happy Farmer," of Sierra
Valley, is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
T. W. Weber, a prosperous business man of
Salt Lake, is here, accompanied by Mrs. Weber.
Captain William W. Gray, the big land
owner and ■wheat-grower of Merced, is in town.
H. A. Dnruh of Arcadia, manager of Lucky
Baldwia's Santa Anita ranch, arrived here yes
terday.
Ex-Attorney General A. L. Hart came down
from Sacramento yesterday and is at the
Grand.
William B. Eckert, a wealthy resident of
Eckert, I'a., has arrived here and is at the
Palace.
C. A. Storke, an attorney, of Santa Barbara,
arrived here yesterday, accompanied by C. A.
Shuman of the same city.
Among the arrivals at the Palace yesterday
was H. M. Yerington, the leading railroad man
and lumber-dealer, of Nevada.
T. G. Murphy, a general merchandise dealer
of The Needles, on the Colorado River, at the
crossing of the Sante Fe, arrived here yester
day. He is at the Grand.
Ex-Mayor Eugene J. Gregory of Sacramento
is here for a brief stay. He is fleshier than he
used to be before he went to the East, where
he remained nearly two years.
Miss Lillian Rea, Queen-elect of the San Jose
Carnival, accompanied by her mother, Mrs.
Samuel Rea, and Mr. and Mrs. Charles B.
Fidball, are in the City completing arrange
ments for the coming carnival next week.
L. L. Bailey, a weli-known mining man of
Colorado, who has been at the Baldwin for a
week past, left for juneau, Alaska, yesterday
on mining business. He may possibly go up
the Yukon to some of the mining camps there
also.
J. G. and J. N. Day, of this City, who have for
several years past bad the contracts for blast
ing out the rocks in the Columbia River at
Cascade Locks and otherwise improving the
river, are at the Palace. They say the work
there is progressing rapidly.
Linn L. Shaw, editor of the Santa Ana Herald
and delegate from Orange County to the Re
publican State Convention, has been spending
a few dayi bore. He reports Santa Ana and
the county about there quite prosperous. There
have been a great many visitors at Santa Ana
during the winter.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 29.— At the New
Amsterdam, W. S. Burney; at the Hoffman, E.
H. Hamilton and G. £. Pancoast. Sailed per
steamship Aller for Bremen via Southampton:
Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Burr, Miss E. L. Burr, Alice
Burr, Miss Marion Burr, Miss Emilie Barkow,
Miss Kose Cons, Mr. and Mrs. William Castle,
Fred Castle, Mrs. L. B. Holmen, Miss Lulu
Johns, Miss Leontine Schwarzchild, F. Voll
mer, Louis Schwarzchild, Mrs. Helen I. Wool
worth, Miss Woolworth, Dr. Summerhayes.
DON'T LET THE WORLD KNOW
YOU'RE DOWN.
The world is wide, remember this,
.Nnr shrink from fate's deep furrowed fro wn ;
Woo fortune with your brightest smiles.
Don't let the world know when you're down.
It spoils your chance for future deeds
To frame your face with dull care's crown;
Brace up, and higher hold your bead,
Don't let the world know when you're down.
The world will bow In servile zest
To one who sways it with a frown;
Toss up your head, and flash your eye.
Don't let the world know when you're down.
If scandaVs lip would seek to stain
The name you hold as honor's crown,
By your own life, refute the lie,
Don't let the world know when you're down.
If bare your purse, your beart most sad,
Your life near crushed by sorrow's crown,
Then mask them well with jest and song,
Don't let the world know when you're down.
— Detroit Free Press.
CURRENT HUMOR.
"T wa dollars for pullin' a tooth 1 Mon, mon ;
an' italdnatak' you twameenits by the clock."
"I know, but I don't work by the clock. I
work by how long it feels."
"Ou, aye! Then ye must be chargin' for
aboot twa days!"— Truth.
Hoax— Does Sillicus know anything about
music?
Joax— No; he doesn't know the difference
between a string orchestra and a rubber band.
—Philadelphia Record.
Man wants but little here below.
We've heard the poet say;
But yet, that little, as we know,
He wants three times a day.
__— Chicago Record.
The old hen flew from her nest and cackled
loud and long.
"When eggs are 9 cents a dozen," said tbe
old rooster, eyeing the performance with lan
guid disapproval, "it is a ridiculous exhibition
of vanity to make all that fuss over oneegg."—
Chicago Tribune.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Agnes Booth, Helen Modjesica, Mrs. John
Drew aud Clara Morris started out as ballet
dancers.
Mrs. Sarah Tyson Rorer, the expert in the
art of cookery, declares that her fine com
plexion is largely the result of her fondness
for garlic
Judge Arthur Dale ot Wichita, Kans., has
broken the divorce record. He gave a decree
exactly twenty-five seconds after the case was
presented to him.
' "It must be awful nice to be a farmer," said
the city girl. I "Nothing ;to do • but Bit around
and let things grow." - -
And the young man, who did not know that
the first eighteen years of her life had been
spent on a farm that | eventually proved to be
in the gas belt, was wonderfully < Impressed.—
; Indianapolis Journal, v ,-._.„.,,
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
J. Waldere Kirk of New York, king of the
dudes, who carries nearly a dozen trunks with
him on his travels, is again in the City.
"There are a lot of new things on now, and
the modes of three months ago are all smashed
and annihilated," he said, at the Palace. "IV*
a new deal and a new programme altogether.
Really, it keeps a man thinking good and hard
what's going to come next. I think I can diag
nose the future for a brief period, however,
with a good degree of certainty.
"You can put plenty oi stress on this— that
scarfrings will be much In vogue very soon.
'•My latest creation is the pocketless Chester
field paletot overcoat, and is made after the
design of the frock, fitting snugly close to the
waist. The frock is the only thing proper for
JAMES WALDERE KIRK GIVES A DISSERTATION ON THE NEW STYLES.
[Sketclied from life by a "Call" artist.]
afternoon attire, with white gloves. They will
be much seen on Fifth avenue and the rialto
for the next two months.
"Neckwear designs show a decided change
this year. The fabrics are principally satin
finished, and the designs are mostly dotted
effects.
"I begin to plan my clothes six months in
advance of the season. I import my own wool
ens from the samples six mouths ahead. My
haberdashery, shirts, collars, neckwear and
that sort of thing receive the same attention.
1 am now having some new scarfs made from
my own designs in Chicago. The material for
my shirts is chosen in advance.
"This season I have some moire effects in
pink and blue, some Dresden rose patterns on
blue grounds and some in black and blue hair
line stripes. I am going to bring out the
latest thing in Parisian shirt patterns soon, a
large maple leaf woven into the bosom of the
shirt. I have both straight link and turnover
cuffs. My collars are tall and flare just a trifle in
front. The high turn-down collar is' out of
vogue.
"The fashion of wearing the neckscarf in a
ring is a very pretty fashion and was in vogue
here ten years ago. It has never gone out of
fashion in more conservative England or in
Paris. lam having made three rings from my
deßigns. One is a plain gold buckle, another an
oblong setting of four rubies set in diamonds
and one of emeralds also set in diamonds, the
latter two for evening wear. lam also having
made a pair of link buttons in balls set with
small diamonds.
"I got a new lot of pajamas recently. They
are of silk and in pink stripes and yellow
checks. My summer pajamas are loosely
knitted of half and half silk and lisle.
"I carry a dozen new hats with me — silk,
Derby, Fedora, straw and also traveling caps.
The traveling caps are made from the material
of each of my sack suits. I carry thirty pairs
of shoes and am very partial to patent leather.
I have just received a half-dozen pairs of
patent leather shoes from Chicago. They have
round toes with plain caps, fancy tops to go
with my light clothes, and are buttoned close
to the vamp. I started the round-toe idea
some months ago to get away from the pointed
toe."
Mr. Kirk had similar remarks as to other de
tails of dress. He will be on the coast about
two months.^
A STYLISH WAIST.
The pattern shown here is laid in a double
box-pleat, both back and front. Stylish epau
lets, that extend in square tabs over the sleeves
and over the arm size to the back and front,
are included in this pattern.
A waist of crepon, with the epaulets of grass
linen, is very stylish.
Silk waists are also trimmed with linen or
batiste. A bright plaid is relieved by such
trimming, which is Bimply hemstitched.
A dotted muslin of blue, or any color, is very
dalntlt/ made after this model, edging the
box-pleats and the epaulets with narrow
Valenciennes lace, sewed en full.
Wnite lawn is pretty with epaulets of em
broidery, laid over a bright Cnina silk lining.
Plain grass linen for extra waists are very
serviceable and stylish when made after this
model.
An old liquor bill against Ethan Allen is in
the possession of a resident of Fairhaven, Vt.
It is dated April 15, 1789, and goes to show
that, like some other sturdy heroes of Revolu
tionary fame, Ethan Allen had a fair capacity
and liking for liquor. The bill contains a
number of items of "three pence for flip" and
"two shilings" for bottles of rum.
Cecil Rhodes affects the life of a hermit. He
has built for himself a small hut in the grounds
attached to his residence, and remains therein
for days at a time, eTen eating and sleeping
there.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
L'Echo Musical publishes for the first time a
story which the late Benjamin Godard used to
tell about his experiences in composing one of
his most popular works: "I once happened to
be spending the summer at St. Valery. and a
druggist in the neighborhood, who was adver
tising a liqueur, made in a convent near by,
came to me and said, 'I should like to send my
customers a little present, put up with each
bottle, and I thought that a new work by you
would be very acceptable. Could you not
compose a piece of dance music, so easy that
any young girl could play it to her parents at
first sight?' 'Easily,* I answered. The price
wa3 agreed upon, and, my visitor having de
parted, I went to the piano and composed
on the first theme that came into my head, a
valse as simple and flowing as conld be. At
every moment I wanted to slip in variations,
but, remembering the druggist's injunctions, I
restrained myself, and finally succeeded in
producing something so commonplace that I
was ashamed to sign it.
"I sent the music to the druggist.
"The day following he wrote: 'A thousand
regrets that your valse is much too difficult for
my customers. My friend X , who is an
excellent musician, could make nothing of it.
Will you write me one much more simple? 1
"It was impossible. I had already descended
to the lowest depth of art; so I tore up the
letter and threw the valse into a box of old
papers, never expecting to use it. A short
time after, haviilg returned to Paris, I met the
music-publisher Durand. 'You have nothing
for me?' he said. 'Nothing unless you want a
little thing written for young girls.' He
wanted to see it, so I showed him the valse
destined to accompany the famous liqueur. 'It
is admirable,' cried he, 'superb, magnificent.'
Fifteen days after he published it, and it went
off like hot cakes. Very soon it was being
played in all the concerts. The piece was that
which bears the title. 'Godard's Second Valse.' "
Fanny Bloomfield Zeisler, the well-known
pianist, is to give several concerts in this City
early in the autumn. In a sense this young
woman is an American, for though she was
born in Bielltz, in Austria, in 1865, the mis
take was promptly rectified by the removal of
her parents to Chicago, where the future art
ist arrived before she had reached the age of
'i. When she had reached the piano age she
Mme. Fannie Bloomfield-Zeisler, the
l'ianiste Who Will Play Here Next
Fall.
had lessons, and ever since that time she has
been an intense and patient worker. Essipofl
heard her when that unruly Russian genius
was playing in Chicago, and", recognizing the
child's talent, advised, as a dutiful wife should,
that she go at once to Vienna, to Leschetlzky.
So to the man who has since become famous as
Paderewski's master she went, and for five
years Fanny Bloomfield studied with him.
Her debut was made in Germany, and it is in
Germany that she made her greatest successes,
though her home is still in Chicago.
There seems to be a perfect epidemic in
Europe just at present for erecting monu
ments to distinguished musicians, both com
posers and artists. The solemn festival held
in Vienna in honor of the new monument to
Mozart ended on the 21st inst. The Emperor
Francis Joseph presided in person at the cere
monies, which commenced with the perform
ance of Mozart's "Bundeslied. " This was fol
lowed by an oration, pronounced by M. X.
Dumba, president of the committee, after
which the monument was unveiled, while a
chorus sang "O Isis and Osiris," from "The
Magic Flute."
In Paris a committee has been formed to
erect a monument to the celebrated singer
Mme. Carvalho. Among the members of the
committee are many celebrated lights of music
and literature, including Reyer, Massenet,
Saint-Saens, Victorien Sardou, Ludovic Hal
evy, etc.
Emma Eames has a srreat success in Cesar
Franck's posthumous opera "Ghiselle," which
was recently produced for the first time at
Monte Carlo. Eames had been studying the
role in Paris -with Arthur Coquard, one of
Franck's pupils, and although it was a very dif
ficult and trying one, it suited the American
prima donna, and gave her fine opportunities
for rendering the different phases of emotion.
Raoul Gunsbourg, the director of the opera,
djd wonders in the mounting of tbo piece.
Speaking about "Ghiselle" he said: "The
world does not realize how great a master
Franck was. In this work alone there is origi
nality such as would place its composer, If he
had written nothing else, in the v«ry first;
rank. He has seized the dramatic spirit of the
text in a perfectly marvelous way."
One of the editors of the Parisian newspaper,
Le Temps, has been visiting the Conservatory
of Brussels with an eye to "copy." In writing
up his experiences for Le Temps this is what
he makes F. A. Gevaert, the director oi the
Conservatory, say about the independence of
the institution: "I have been a quarter of a
century at my post. Would you believe that
during that time neither king nor burgomas
ter, neither the court nor the municipality,
has ever once used influence to make me
take a single pupil. You cannot imagine such
a state of things in France, but here I am in
dependent of the administration— l am as free
as if I were at home. 1 am judged by results
and no restraint is imposed."
At Verviers. in a committee has
been formed to raise a monument to Vieux
temps. The promoters of the plan address
themselves to all those who have personal
souvenirs of the great violinist or whose ar
tistic predilictions lead them to admire his
works. Among those who have already sub
scribed are Marsick, Sarasate, Peter Benoit
and Bazzini. The committee has asked the
Allgemeine Musique-Zeitung to open a sub
scription for the monument, but there are
some Belgian papers that feel very much
slighted because no one has asked them to do
anything.
A monument is about to be erected at
Schwerin to Flotow, the composer of "Mar
tha." It is interesting to recall the works
written by this composer, nearly all of which,
with the exception of "Martha," have been
Jong ago consigned to oblivion. Flotow waa
the composer of the following operas: "Peter
and Catherine," "Rob Roy," "The Duchess of
Giiise," "The Shipwreck of the Medusa," "The
Forester," "The Slave of Camoens," "Martha,"
"Stradella," "The Grand Princess," "Rube
zahl," "Indra," "Albin," as well as a ballet,
incidental music to "The Winter's Tale," and
a number of trios, romances, songs, etc.
Plunket Green, besides being a singer of
great renown, is also well known for his wit.
At a recent concert at which he sang, through
a typographical error the programme an
nounced him as "Plunket Green, soprano."
Mr. Green took up tha programme, looked at
it ana said, "By Jove, I'll take this home to
show my English admirers the effect this
American climate has on a man's voice."
Johann Strauss' new opera, "Waldmeister,"
has been produced in Berlin with as much
success as it met with in Vienna on its tirst
production.
LET'S GO UNPLEDGED.
San Francisco Mission Mail.
California wants a Cabinet officer. That is,
so say leading Republicans of this City and
State. To' accomplish this result they propose
that the delegation to the National Republi
can Convention be sent uninstructed so the
delegates will be free to throw a solid vote to
any candidate who appears most likely to get
the nomination. By this method, it is claimed,
California will be most likely to get a Cabinet
officer. Now, this proposition is a good one.
Let the delegation go unpledged by all means.
But in order that there be a certainty that the
delegation will agree at the National Conven
tion, have the State Republican Convention
send a solid unpledged delegation of either
MeKinley, Morton, Allison or Reed men to St.
Louis, then an agreement upon any candidate
can be easily reached. It will not do at
Sacramento to divide the eighteen delegates
to St. Louis among men of different Presiden
tial preferment, because an agreement cannot
be afterward reached where so great a di
vergence of opinion prevails at the start. All
must be for one man, not, as heretofore, di
vided. Oil and water selected at Sacramento
will not be apt to mix at St Louis, so let us
start right to secure that Cabinet officer— let's
go unpledged with a solid delegation for one
candidate. ______________^
THE DEMOCRATS ALSO.
Placer Herald.
An unpledged delegation, but ft harmonious
one, should be sent to the National Democratic
Convention at Chicago. The platform adopted
by the State Convention at Sacramento should
be the platform of the Democracy of Califor
nia, and the preferences of that convention
should be the preferences cf the Democracy of
California. If the State Convention declares
for silver, or expresses a preference for any
Presidential candidate, care should be taken
that the delegation be sufficiently harmonious
to carry out the convention's wishes by every
honorable and Democratic means, but doa't
pledge them to any one candidate.
WHAT IT MEANS.
Santa .Monica Outlook.
Do not send delegates away from home
whom you cannot trust. To pledge them It
simply saying that you have no confidence in
them.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
The Delegation to St. Louis— lt Should
Be Made Up or Men. of Charac
ter and G»nius and Be
Unpledged.
San Francisco, Cal., April 28, 1896. •
i Editor Morning Call — Dear Sir: Since Tub •
Call has made its advent under yonr adminis
tration I have taken great pleasure in reading '
it. I find it healthful and congenial to an old
man of my age and instructive for any and
every age. I am pleased with many of the
things which appear to me to have the sanction
of the editor and indorsed by. other sensible
men of standing.
I am a delegate to the Sacramento convention
from San Rafael, Marin County. I like plenty
of silver and like protection, and do not want
to be found advocating that delegates to St.
Louis be pledged. So far as my voice and in
fluence at Sacramento will go, they shall be for
a delegation of the higher order of intelligence
for men of character and genius and un
pledged.
Now kindly allow me to be your obedient
servant, R.S.Alexander. •
. 35 Steuart street, San Francisco. '•
- A Nice present for Eastern friends— Town- -
■end's Cal. glace fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market st. •
• > »
The . lion paused in his majestic walk to and
fro in his cage and addressed the lioness: * .
"What are you growling about?" he asked.
"What ails you, anyhow?"
"Everybody calls you the king of beasts," .
snarled the lioness, "but it doesn't seem ,to
occur to anybody that I'm the queen."
. Whereupon she emitted a howl so prolonged,
so dismal, so heart-breaking that a well-raised
parrot in an adjoining cage woke up and began
to swear.— Chicago Tribune.
— — • — » ' .
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
To make more room for our wholesale notion
department we are selling off several hundred
ready framed pictures at exactly half-price.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. . •
'- "»■»'» . ' ■ ;
lime. Cavaignac, wife of , the French War
Minister, recently got a piece of broken needle
into her band. It pained her greatly, but tha
surgeons could not find it. She went to tha
Ecole Centrale, had the hand photographed by
the Roentgen rays, took the picture to a sur
geon, and was relieved of the needle very
quickly. - ____________
, The Impurities which have, accumulated in th*
body during the winter must be expelled. Every
one needs a good spring medicine like Hood's Sar
saparllla, the one true blood purl Her.
•' ■ • - ■» • » ' ■ ' r. .
Important Change of Timk.— The 12tu lnst.
the Northern Pacific Railroad inaugurated adoubla
daily passenger service between Portland and St.
Paul, making a saving of ten hours between Port
laud and Chicago. These are the fastest and finest
equipped trains that ever were run out of the Pa
cine Northwest. The superior accommodations la
our passenger equipment recommend our line to
■41. Ours Is the only lino that runs dining-car, out
nl " n(l - T - K. STATELER, general agent.
638 Market street Ban Francisco. ■
A Slight Cold, if Neglected, Oman At.
tacks the Lungs. « Brown* Bronchial Troche*'
give immediate and effectual relief. '
Sleeplessness, Indigestion and Pain are nor
rors that Pabkkb's Gingeb Tonic will abate.
, Pabkebs Haib Balsam aids the hair growth.
Dr. Sibqebt's Angostura Bitters, the most effi
cacious stimulant to , excite the appetite, keeps th«
digestive organs In order. *"THURSDAY .;.. .......... APRIL 30, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thxatkr.— "Beau BrumnielL"
California Theater— -The Politician."
Columbia Theater— Rivarde.
Mokosco's Opkra-Kocsk— -Lady Lil."
'i nroxi OrKKA-HorfTK.-"B!ue Beard."
Orprkum— Higt-aass Vaudeville.
Ckovkk's Ai.c*yAK.--My Soa-in-Law."
•IHKArDiTORirM-rorner of Jones and Eddy
■troeta-Prat D. M. Moll's Eques-Curriculurn.
bir ifaUsf ow At PalllCe Hotel (^apJe and Mar-
A H oTs; sTiTcTE of ±**-Wz
In^udcnce < eH Thka ™ (Oaklakb)— Capuin
£iV 3 ° CoKEY lB^*«D-Bathing and Perform-
bi^ °2J?f th? plrk7 DaUy at Ha ' Btre€t - one
1 *tincCoABT Jockky CLUB.-Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
En Cam po— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
BYK11.1.IP& Co.— day (Thursday), Horses, >
at Rnlesvarc, corner Van Ness avenue and Market
St., at 11 a. M.
By 8. Basch— This day (Thursday), Furniture,
etc., at 319-321 Batter si., at 10:»0 o'clock.
By Frank Butterfikld— This day (Thurs-
day), Furniture, ai 523 I-arkin st., at 11 o'clock.
Also at !«612 Sutter street, at '2 O'clock.
By J. C. Mcthkb— This day (Thursday), Un-
claimed Baggage, at 521 Kearny St.. at 11 o'clock.
By M. J. Simmons auction* Co.— This day
(Thursday), Furniture, at 820% Bush street, at
2 o clock.
By Gro. F. La mson— Friday, May 1, lurni-
ture, at 1009 Scott street, 1 1 o'clock.
By A. M. BPKCK & Ca- Wednesday, May 6,
Ee^l Estate, at salesroom, 602 Market street, at
12 o'clock.
By Wm. Bctterfield— Saturday, May 2, Real
Estate, at San MatfO. at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Thursday— prediction issued by Forecast
Official Hammon.
The Grand Jury has called upon the Board ol
Health for a conference.
Deputy Fiih Commissioner Davis arrested an
unlicensed nsherman and seized a. set net near
Benicla.
The Salvation Army held an enthusiastic
meeting last evening at the Metropolitan
Temple.
A fine programme has been arranged tor
Miss Behnfante's concert next Saturday
evening.
The Table Mountain Mining Company, with
a paid-up capital stock of $1,000,000, has in
corporated.
A letter received at the Fish Commission
headquarters notes very stormy weather about
Lake Tahoe.
Fourteen new Presbyterian ministers will be
graduated Irom the San Anselmo Seminary
this afternoon.
The Police Commissioners lrst night dis
missed a patrolman from the force and heavily
fined two others.
A. H. Dean, alias Seaver, has secured a con
tinuance until May 8, when he will plead to
the charge of forgery.
The forty-sixth annual convention of the
Episcopal Diocese of California meets in Grace
Church next Tuesday.
Eleven graduates from the Hahneman Hos
pital College were given their diplomas in
N. S. G. \V. Hall last evening.
The estate of A. M. Fratinger has been de
clared insolvent and the executrix wishes to
settle for '25 cents on the dollar.
Property-owners on Eighth street want the
railroad company to join with them and pave
with bitumen between the car trucks.
Efforts are being put forth by the Manufac
turer?' and Producers" Association to introduce
native coal into the State insane asylums.
The retail fruit and game dealers will peti
tion the supervisors to prohibit peddlers from
keeping stands on the street or ringing door
bells.
The State Floral Society flower show will be
o .ened at 1 p. si. to-day in tne Maple Hall,
Palace Hotel, and remain open till Saturday
night.
The four -wharf rats" arrested for robbing
a bhip's carpenter were yesterday held by
Judtre I^nw to answer before the Superior Court
In $'.>OOO bonds each.
Mrs. Mary Burch had her purse snatched
from her hand in Iront of the Grand Opera
house, and Ellis Howard was arrested on sus
picion of being the thief.
The Sons and Daughters of the Old Friends
of the State of California will give their in
augural banquet at the Commercial Hotel to
morrow evening at 8 o'clock.
The sixty - sixth birthday anniversary of
Mayor Sutro was celebrated last nieht at Su
tro Heights by a surprise party of singers from
the German societies of the City.
Mrs. V. N. Johnson, who was run down by a
Turk-street electric-car on the 24th inst., suc
cumbed to her injuries last evening. The
Coroner will investigate the case.
The marital troubles of Mr. and Mrs. John
L. Marks have been ended by a legal separa
tion and Lieutenant Blish, U. S. N., has his
reputation cleared from suspicion.
The petition requesting the Legislature to
adopt a constitutional amendment paving the
way for single-tax legislation has been signed
by nearly 10,000 voters in California
Mrs. Jane de Boucher, who conducts a dress
making school at 121 Post street, was arrested
yesterday afternoon on a warrant charging her
with obtaining money l>y false pretenses.
Judgment for $22,000 has been rendered
against A. D. Ayres and in favor of the Wheeler
A WilEon Manufacturing Company. The suit
was for money for goods sold and delivered.
The battle-ship Oregon was floated this
morning shortly after midnight, her bottom
painted and everything complete for the trial
trip, which will probably take place next Mon
day.
Robert Bell, ex-steward at the City and
County Hospital, was arrested yester<lav on
complaint of the Market-street Cable Com
pany on the charge of "restoring a canceled
check."
The Market-street Company owns three lines
of street railway m the Richmond District on
which no taxes are paid. An effort will be
made to have the Supervisors declare the fran
chises forfeited.
Yesterday was the closing day of the Bay
District two-weeus' racing. The winning
hor^s were Claude Hill, Jack Richelieu, Ruin
art, Greyhurst, Rebellion, Cabrillo, Sea Spray
and Goodwin 11. r '
The executive committee of the State Central
Committee decided last night to Keep both
contesting delegations from the Fourth Con
gressional District off the temporary roll of the
State convention.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion has addressed a communication to the
City Board of Health calling attention to the
impure jellies with which the City markets are
said to be deluged.
A corporation is about to be formed* with
millions behind it for the purpose of buvine
and operating several of the rich mining Drot>
erties of the State. Well-known capitalists of
the East and Europe are interested.
The quarterly report of the F're Patrol assess
ments on Insurance companies issued yester
day shows a falling off of twenty companies
that used to contribute to the'patroi. The
decrease in income was nearly a third.
M. J. Ferrer was convicted of forgery before
Judge Wallace yesterday. He forged the name
of Hooker & Co. to a check for .f 125 and then
paid a bill of !«20 at the Indianapolis Furniture
Company with the check and took the change.
F.mil Ney, v/bo claims he is a descendant of
the famous Marshal Ney, got mixed up in a
barroom flpht at 529 Sacramento street, had
his ankle sprained, was arrested for being
drunk and was swindled out of 50 cents by a
messenger boy.
The Rev. Dr. William Lincoln Birch, re
cently of New Zealand but for many years one
of E gland's noted pulpit orators, wili occupy
tlif pulpit of Calvary Church next month dur
ing the absence of the Rev. Dr. Hemphill, who
will take a vacation.
Mabel F. Suroner was granted a divorce
from Wallace Sumner yesterday because he
neglected her. He did worse than neglect her,
for her testimony showed that he beat her and
blacked her eyes, she had him arrested for
beeting hersome time ago, but when it came
to notifying against him she said she had
made a mistake and he was let go.
Mr*. I!. :h! - h Diamonds.
Ah Jim, a Chinese who was employed as a
servant by Mrs. A. A. Head, at 235 Post street,
was arrested last nicht at 816 Stockton street
on the charge of stealing about $2000 worth
of diamonds, which Mrs. Head claimed to have
carried in her dress.
Presidio Attraction*.
There will be a review and muster at the
Presidio from 9 to 11 o'clock to-day, and visi
tors to the military post Friday niternoon will
be entertained with a concert by the Presidio
band.
A FORTUNE TO
SEE HIS CHILD
Offer Made by the Blind
Owner of Ravens
wood.
RECEPTION IN THE "DEN"
Chris Buckley Other Than He
Is Generally Known to
the State.
CHRIS JR. RULES HIS FATHER.
How the Resident of Livermore Dif.
fers Frcm the Politician of
San Francisco.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April '29. i
All the State is taking a daily increasing
interest in the reported doings of Chris
Buckley, the politician. Very few ever
give a thought to Cnris Buckley, the lord
of the manor at Ravenswood.
"I would give $100,000 to look for one
Ravenswood, Chris Buckley's Beautiful Residence Near Livermore, and Its Owner.
minute at my boy !" It was Chris Buck
ley, the lord of Ravenswood, who spoke,
and after he had uttered the words a tear
rolled from his sightless eyes.
Chris Buckley, the San Francisco poli
tician, is known to all Californiaus, and
his alleged machinations have been given
to the whole world through newspapers
who are opposed to his policy. But it was
not the Chris Buckley of the City Hall
who spoke. Forget for a moment that
Buckley ever knew a Supervisor or
a city official; forget that his name
was ever associated with any schemes
that came nnder the piercing eyes of
grand juries; remember that the man's
most powerful enemies to-day were for
merly his friends and supporters or were
supported through him, and that conse
quently their judgment of his doings may
be a little warped; remember that he was
but the center of a storm of indignation
that enveloped others as completely as he;
carry out these suggestions and invest the
blind father with a mantle of charity and
human sympathy, and then think for half
a moment of the awful significance of the
parent's heartrending desire as he said :
"I would give $100,000 just to look for one
minute at my boy."
The husband and parent at Ravenswood
is a very agreeable and interesting man to
meet. If visited in the forenoon, as he
was recently, he will invariably be found
walking in his garden, arm in arm with
his wife, for the owner of Ravenswood de
lights to walk among his trees and shrubs
to enjoy their perfume and to hear his
faithful partner tell of that which he can
not see.
To everybody but the Assessor, however,
the undisputed Lord of Ravenswood is
Chris Buckley Jr.— the child whom his
father has never seen. He it is to whom
the father referred when he made the re
mark already quoted.
Young Chris is the great source of com
fort and solace that compensates for the
terrible loss of pleasure that his father ex
periences by not being able to enjoy the
visible beauties of his luxurious home.
There is a "den" at Ravenswood. It is
a beautiful apartment that the fattier
owns, the boy controls, and that both
parents and the child enjoy. There is a
handsome library in it, and a well-stocked
sideboard. On the center-table are the
daily papers and the magazines. Under
neath the table and in various places usu
ally held sacred from such debasement
are drum-sticks, blocks, rubber lizards and
horses and picture-books. They belong to
Chris junior, and his childish disregard of
decorum does not disturb his father— he
does not see it. He only knows that his
boy is happy and that he has been told he
is a pretty child, and like parents who can
see for themselves he firmly believes it.
For hours each day the father devotes
himself to his boy. He teaches him verses,
tells him little stories, listens attentively
to all the lively prattle and baby elocution,
and is at once his friend, father and in
structor.
The Buckleys live very quietly and un
ostentatiously in their Beautiful home.
Occasional entertainment of San Fran
cisco friends take place, and these are
always royal events. At Livermore Chris
Buckley is all but worshiped. He has
enlisted the pood will and friendship of
all of Livermore Valley's residents and
those with whom he has had dealings.
But then, Chris has not worried himself
aoout Alameda County politics and does
not register from here.
Mr. Buckley was asked how he came to
settle in Livermore Valley, so far away
Iroru the center of his political work.
"I expect it was through the hospitality
of my old friend, Assembly man Joseph
Black, now dead. Visiting him
often, I very soon discovered that
the air here refreshed me, and
that the climate the year around was
most delightful. I have traveled all over
this State, into every nook and corner of
it, and I say in all sincerity I never found
a climate that suits me so well as that
which I enjoy in this valley. We are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1896.
handy to San Francisco, and the prospect
is brightening for more railroads in the
valley and better and quicker communica
tion with the bay. This will supply the
great need of our valley. Hundreds of
San Francisco's men of wealth and cul
ture will build their homes here then.
"I have lived here eleven years. It was
rather funny, the way I came to christen
this place Ravenswood. When the first
house was Hearing completion the builder
insisted that we should nave a christen
ing. I could not think of a name, so the
carpenter told me to think of the most
beautiful place I had ever seen. My mind
went back to my childhood days and I
thought of a charming bit of landscape on
Long Island. It was called Ravenswood,
and so a bottle of wine was broken and
my place had a name."
In addition to being a politician and the
head of a beautiful home, Chris Buckley is
also greatly interested in wine-growing.
He was asked about the future of the
wine industry of Livtrmore Valley and
replied: "The prospects are brightening.
Here we are free from phylloxera. The
vineyards of Napa and Sonoma are doomed.
The reputation und demand for California
wines, especially Livermore Valley wines,
is on the increase. With a diraishing sup
ply and a growing market there can be
but one result. Those who Will stay with
the business intelligently and faithfully
are sure to win. If my advice were sought
as to what vines to plant, I should say,
plant to quantity. There is absolutely no
profit in high-class wines. I have in my
cellar the choicest of aged wine?, that
have probably cost me $1 a gallon, for
which jobbers are offering me 20 cents. If
I must give it away, those people will
never get any of it. Do you know, these
jobbers are the curse of the business.
They are a worse nuisance than phyl
loxera."
"And as to politics?"
"Politics never enter here," replied Mr.
Buckley.
Then Chris Jr. rushed into the "den"
with a new flower that he had just found
and asked his father to tell him all about
it. The little child cannot yet understand
why his father always feels for his mother's
arm or why be asks her so much that
little Chris can see for himself.
Such is Chris Buckley of Ravenswood—
not of San Francisco or Sacramento.
Chris Buckley Jr., of Whom His Blind Father Said: "I would give 5100,000 just
to look for one minnte on my boy."
NEY'S WATERLOO.
Knill, a Descendant of the Famous
Marshal, Gets Mixed Vp in a
Barroom Fight.
Emil Ney, who claims he is a descendant
of the famous Marshal Ney, got mixed up
in a hot political argument with the bar
tender in a saloon at 529 Sacramento street
on Tuesday evening.
It ended in the landlord and bartender
throwing Ney out of the saloon. In doing
so Ney stumbled and sprained his left
ankle. He asked Policeman McGovern to
take him to the Receiving Hospital in the
patrol-wagon, but, instead, McGovern took
him to the California- street station and
booked him on the charge of "drunk."
Ney sent for a messen«er-boy and gave
him a message to take to the hospital. Ho
wrote that his ar'ile was sprained,' and he
wanted the ambulance to cell for him.
Having no smaller change, he gave the boy
a 50-cent piece, expecting that he would
return with the change after delivering the
message. The boy neither delivered the
message nor returned with the change.
Yesterday morning, after Ney had been
taken to the City Prison, he complained
of the pain in his ankl*. and he was sent
to the hospital, where his injury was at
tended to. Later he was sent to the City
and County Hospital.
Ney gave the police a description of the
messenger-boy, who will be arrested lor
misdemeanor and embezzlement.
The Wrong Man Stabbed.
John Forsbery, a marine fireman living in
Alameda, happened to be on East street last
evening while two men were fighting outside
a saloon. One of the men ran into the saloon,
and the other, mistaking Forsbery for his an
tagonist, stabbed him in the abdomen with a
penknife. When he discovered his mistake
ne disappeared. Forsbery was taken to the
Receiving Hospital. The wound is not serious.
Retained the Money.
Barbara Lambrecht, 251 Third street, swore
out a warrant in Judge Low's court yesterday
for the arrest of Attorney George F. Hotter, on
the charge ot misdemeanor embeezlement.
Bhc alleges that on February 12 she gave
Hotter $20 to institute a suit in the Justice's
Court, but he had not done bo and refused to
return the money.
THE WHEEL AND GLOVE
A New Six-Lap Board Track
Has Been Completed at
Central Park.
OLYMPIC CYCLERS' RACE.
Everything Ready fcr the Boxing
Tournament- George Maxwell ihe
Probable Referee.
The new six-lap board track being con
structed in Central Park was completed
yesterday, and has already been given one
coat of pale blue paint to beautify it, and
pumice to prevent its being slippery. It
will be ready for use to-morrow, and
thereafter the wheelmen of San Francisco
will have one of the fastest and safest
tracks in the City to train and race upon.
Those who have seen it pronounce it per
fect in every respect, and the banking of
the curves wili make high speed quite pos
sible and perfectly safe.
The Camera Ciub Cyclists will journey
to Hay wards next Sunday, where they
will be the guests of E. G. Zeille. Those
who take their wheels will po on the
8:30 a. m. boat, and those who may be so
in cum be red with cameras as to make
wheeling impracticable will take the 9 a. m.
boat and electric car to destination.
The Olympic Cyclers will hohi a live
mile handicap road race over the San Ma
teo-San Carlos course next Sunday. Tue
riders will be started promptly at 12 M. in
front of President Eaton's residence in
San Mateo.
The following are the entries; the handi
caps will not be made known until Sun
day: George VV. Tan tau, Roy Barney, F.
B.Bretz, J. W. Coffroth, T. E. Rodulph,
Howard Smith, A. E. Pollexfem, C. B.
Sloan, S. B. Pauson, Milton Hayes, G. S.
McComb, S. 1. Blake, R. L. Eaton. P. A.
Dumpliy, J. P. Jackson, diaries Kreling,
P. O. Br^em, W. S. Bacon, R. Bliven, P.
Carter, J. J. Dnscoll, J. W. Reay, Charles
F. Morel, S. Carter, Thomas Mulvey, J.
Mulvey.
After th i race the club members will be
rhe guests of President Eaton of the
Olympic Club at his grounds in San Mateo,
wnere lunch will be spread sufficient for
all, and a jolly tim« is assured the cyclers.
Entry b;anks are out lor the National
Circuit race meet to be held by the Garden
City Cyclers at. rheir three-lap cement
track in San Jose on Saturday, May 9.
The events and prizes are as follows:
One-mile novice— Gold medal $25, silver
medftl $10; one-mile scratch, amateur— Gold
watch $35, Suit to order $25, bicycle suit, $10:
t'vo-third-mile handicap, amateur — Suit to
order $35. diamond locket $25, trousers $10;
two-Uiirds-intle .scratch, professional— Cash
$75. cash $35. cash $15; one-mile handicap,
proiessionul— Cash $7;j, cash $35, cash $15.
The entries close with the secretary of
the club, George W. Pollard, next Satur
day evening, and must be in his hands by
that time. From indications this will be
one of the best meets ever held on the
coast, as the prize list will induce the best
men to ride, and there are many of them
here now.
The Sterns racing team will arrive here
from Coronado to-day. Among the crack
riders on the team are Earl H. Kiser, Eli
Winsett, William Randall and F. E. Schef
ski, Eastern men, and W. W. Hatton and
W. J. Edwards of this State. They have
been south all winter trying for records,
and have been quite successful.
The team has come here to join the Na
tional racing circuit, which will begin to
morrow at the Fabiola Floral Fete, Oak
land, the other dates in California being:
Santa Rosa, May 2; San Jose, May 9; Ban
Francisco, May 16; Santa Monica, May 23.
R. M. Welch of the National racing
board will act as referee at the Fabiola
meet to-morrow. Sanfoni Plumuier, cap
tain of the Bay City Wheelmen, will
serve in the same capacity at Santa Rosa
to-day, to-morrow and Saturday.
The directors of the Olympic Club met
last evening and made final arrangements
for the boxing carnival, which will be held
at the Pavilion on Friday evening. Twenty
five hundred tickets have been sold al
ready, and the club expects t- a full house"
when the first bout will be called.
There seems to be some difficulty in se
lecting a referee. Hiram Cook and Al
King were suggested, but George Green
objected to one of the men and Ziegler did
not fancy the other.
A member who keeps well informed on
all matters that pertain to boxing, said
that the man who, in all probability, will
be selected to pass judgment on the box
ers is George Maxwell of the Olympic Club.
Maxwell is thoroughly conversant with
the game, and as he has had considerable
experience he should give general satis
faction.
Jack Bourdeti will hold the watch for
Ziegler and Jack Walsh may be selected
by Green as his timer. Tbe boxing com
mittee will announce to-day the names of
the men who will act as timers for the
club.
The combination mentioned in The
Call of last Saturday is being played
strongly at 5 to 1. T^ie combination is
Green, Hawkins, Van Buskirk and Sul
livan.
The odds ore 10 to 8 that Green will de
feat Zeigler. The first bout of the even
ing will be called at 8 :30 o'clock sharp.
The following tug-of-war team has been
selected by Professor George Miehline of
the Olympic Club for the tug-of-war con
test at Central Park on Saturday next,
viz.: Jackson, McDaniels, Mahoney,
Buckley, Schmidt and Butler.
LEGALLY SEPARATED.
The Martial Troubles of Mr. and Sirs.
Marks Ended and Lieutenant
Kiish Exonerated.
Some weeks ago there was a sensation
in society and navy circles when John L.
Marks instituted a suit for divorce against
his wife on the ground of infidelity and
named Lieutenant John B. Blish, U. S.
N., now stationed at Panama, as co-re
spondent.
Mrs. Marks strenuously denied the alle
gation, and threatened to bring a counter
suit for divorce from her husband on
various grounds.
Marks discovered afterward that the
evidence upon which he relied to sub
stantiate his charges was untrustworthy,
and Judge Slack denied the petition for
divorce.
The troubles between husband and wife
have now been settled ouc of court. A legal
separation upon the demand of Mrs.
Marks was effected. She was given the
custody of her little boy and granted a
suitable allowance.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
Achille Rivarde's Concert This
Evening at the Co
lumbia.
"Elks' Night" at the Tivoli— "B?au
Bruminell " at the Baldwin— Oth r
Attractions.
Musical people are on the gui vive in
anticipation of Achille Rivarde's concert
to-night at the Columbia. The famous
Spanish violinist is to De assisted by other
artists and a picked orchestra, and the
concert piomises to be a notable event.
The programme, as thus far arranged, is
as follows:
Overture, "Midsummer Night's Dream"
Mendelssohn
Orchestra.
"Scherzo" Chopin
M. Aime Lnchaume.
"Noel" Adam
Donald de V. Graham.
Concerto No. 3 (1$ minor, Op. 61) Saint-Saens
(n) Allegro non Troppo. (6) Amlantl no
quasi Allegretto, (r) Motto Moderato et
Maestoso, (d) Allegro non Troppo.
M. Achille Bivarde.
"Invitation to the Dance ' Weber
Orchestra.
"Second Rhapsodic" Liszt
M. Aime Lachaume.
(a) "Ich \V»ndle Unter Blymen". Meyer Helmund
(ft) "Forever and Forever" cowen
Donald de V. Graham.
"Rondo Caprlcoioso" Saint-Saens
M. Achille Kivarde.
"Slavonic Dance" Dvorak
Orchestra.
Monday evening Morrison's famous
company in a grand spectacular presenta
tion of Goethe's "Faust" will be the
Columbia's attraction. The piece is said
to be a magnificent production. On Sun
day afternoon Congreve's famous comedy,
"Love for Love," will be given by a com
pany of amateurs composed of students of
the State University.
"Bluebeard" still reigns in grimly comic
fashion at the Tivo'i, and no one as yet
seems tired of his sway. To-night a testi
monial benefit will be tendered the fa
vorite comedian, Thomas C. Leary, at
which the Elks will be present. A special
feature of the performance will be a
friendly set-to between Joe Choynski and
Eddie Greany, while favorite actors from
the other theaters will appear. The sale
oi seats has been very large.
Last night's production of "The Story of
Rodion the Student" at the Baldwin was
meritorious in most respects and some
passages were warmly applauded. To
night "Beau Brummell 1 ' will be given, and
since it is said to be one of Richard Mans
field's best the sale of seats has been good.
Miss Beatrice Cameron and Miss Florence
Ethel do their work well; but one or two
other members of the cast could easily be
dispensed with.
Mrs. Auzerais Hoyte continues to bask
in the sunshine of favor at the Alcazar.
Her methods in "My Son-in-law," while
leaving room for improvement, are by no
means lacking in fine touche?. The
Grovers and Mr. Foster, with Miss Aubrey,
form a capable support for Mrs. Hoyt, and
the general result is pleasing.
The Orpheum's "Midgets" are a draw
ing card, their wonderful evolutions call
ing forth bursts of applause nightly. Ed
ward and Josie Evans in their comic spe
cialties are very good, as is also Fulgora,
the transfigurator, whose illusions are
most tnystifyina:. The other numbers on
the bill are up to the usual standard.
"Lady Lil" holds court at the Grand
Opera-bouse, where Miss Lisle Leigh
make 3 a gem of the strange part. The
acting throughout is natural and some
what smoother than on the opening night,
while the stage settings and scenic effects
are specially appropriate and tastefully de
signed.
The horse show at the Auditorium is a
great all-round success, but the little Mexi
can mule is the star of the combination.
His antics are indescribable. The evolu
tions of the other members of tue eauine
cast are graceful and intricate, displaying
the most careful drilling on the part of the
trainers and the existence of a quality near
akin to intelligence in the horses them
selves.
"WHARF RATS" IN COURT.
Judge Low Holds Them to Answer
Before the Miperior Court.
Frank Marshall, Willie Latimore, Dan
iel McEvoy and Charles Bond, the four
"wharf rats" arrested for robbing John
Lundquist, a ship's carpenter, of his
watch and chain Sunday morning, ap
peared in Judge Low's court yesterday
morning.
Lundquist, Policeman Dwyer and Louis
Uphouse, another of the gang who turned
State's evidence, gave their testimony and
the Judge held the four boys to answer
before the Superior Court in $2000 bonds
each on the charge of grand larceny.
They did not seem to care very much
what became of them and looked upon the
proceedings as a joke. Marshall was the
only one who felt that he had got into a
bad scrape, and_ his looks at Uphouse
while he was giving his evidence were far
from pleasant.
SNATCHED A PURSE.
Ellis Howard Arrested on Suspicion of
Being; a Pickpocket.
Ellis Howard was arrested on Tuesday
night by Special Officer George Delmas in
front of the Grand Opera-house and is
lodged in the "tanks" at the City Prison.
Mrs. Mary Burch, who lives near the
Five-mile House, had been at the theater
and was boarding a Mission-street car
when her purse was snatched from her
hand. She quickly turned and saw three
men beside her. She called for help and
Delmas caught Howard. The other two
men ran and escaped, but the police think
they know who they are. The purse was
picked up from, the ground where it had
been dropped.
Mrs. Burch called at the City Prison
yesterday morning and identified Howard.
• — ♦ — •
A Saloon-Keeper Arrested.
J. W. King, proprietor of the Jockey Club
saloon, near the inglesidc racetrack, was
arrested last evening on a warrant charging
him with assault with a deadly weapon. The
complatning witness is John Baker, a rag and
bottte^man. King denies the charge, ana, says
that Baker came into his saloon drunk and as
he was raising a disturbance, King threw him
NEW TO-DAT.
" Pure and Sure."
Baking P®ws>es^
The results obtained by the use of Cleveland's
Baking Powder have always been satisfactory."
FANNIE M. Farmer, Principal Boston Cooking School.
out. Baker stumbled and fell, injuring his
nose.
■» — « — •
MAYDAY AT THE CLIFF.
It Will He Observed by Colonel Robin.
Ron for Public Good.
The annual Mayday holiday which chil
dren celebrate will be noticed in a way that
will overshadow previous efforts. The Hon.
Adolph Sutro has made arrangements to
give up the entire Sutro baths and pleas
ure grounds for the enjoyment of the chil
dren of the City on that day.
The entertainment will last from 10 a. m.
till late at night, and there will not be a
minute without its especial form of amuse
ment. There will be a queen, and a beau
tiful one, too, crowned and sitting upon a
throne of May flowers.
There will be a grand march, in which
a thousand children will participate, at
the end of which the qneen will be crowned
and the triple Maypoles decorated with
their silken red-white-and-blue streamers.
Afterward there will be fancy dances.
Merry way will be in full operation and
the time-honored Punch and Judy will
hold forth and go over the oft-told story
which nobody ever feels that he has heard
often enough.
— ■• — * — •
The famou9 Mount Hood of Oregon is
11.570 feet high.
NEW TO-DAT.
Stop it! Buy the shirts that wear out
(when the "wear" is all out of them),
but don't rip — the California made
STANDARD Shirts. All dealers. £?■
Neustadter Bros., Mfrs., S. F.
THE
PIERCE
TRIED AND TRUE
PIERCE MODEL 10. .
Honor=Bright Value
Stylish and Reliable
$75 AND SIOO
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & STKTSOV.
SAN FRANCISCO, SACRAMENTO,
Market & Beale. 233 J Street.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
S£r Al fA7AD
Leonard Orover's Very Great Success.
"MY SON-IN-LAW!"
>■;.;.. ' MRS. AUZERAIS HOYTE,
LEONARD GROVER SR., LEONARD GROVER
JR., HEREWARD HOYTE, MAY NOBLE,
FANNY YOUNG and all the Favorites.
Night Prices— Best seats.... 6oc. 35c, 25c, 15c, 10c.
Matinees— Saturday and Sunday 25c, ISc, 10c.
Monday— Byron's Greatest— "OUß BOYS."
MACDONOUGH THEATER (OAKLAND).
TO NIGHT, " CAPT. IMPUDENCE,"
Boyle's Romantic Comedy-Drama.
TO-MORROW (Friday evening), the ever-popular
■"FHIENDS."
Secure seats. Prices, 25c to $1.
ANNUAL ROSE SHOW.
CALIFORNIA STATE
FLORAL SOCIETY!
FAIjACX! HOTEIj
(Maple and Marble Halls),
APRIL 30, MAY 1 AND 2,
Admission, Day ....25 Cents
-- , ♦' Evening (Music).. 50 Cents
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
. (Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. Tl.
, ADMISSION SI. OO.
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at l'-':10 and 1:13 P. it.
Fare for round trip, Including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric Una direct
to track. .'• ?!jSBJBBBSi
A. B. SPRECKELS, W. & LEA KE.
President. Secretary.
NEW TO-I>AY— AMUSEMENTS.
AL H AY MAN &COS THE ATERS
THE a LAST
Baldwin vveeki
RICHARD MANSFIELD
And His New York Garrick Theater Stock Ca
TO-NIGHT ,
"BEAU ERUMMELL."
Friday evening, (only time), "The scarlet Letter t"
Sat. matinee, "A Parisian Romance"; Saturday
night (by request), "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde."
ALL NEXT WEEK,
EDDIE ™ E STRANGE
ADVENTURES OF
rUY ) MISS BROWN.
SALE OPENS TO-DAY.
A* AT. THE ath LAST 4
CALIFORNIA nights I
Last Matinee Saturday.
ROLAND REED
' In the Latest Success,
"THE POLITICIAN,"
OR
THE WOMAN'S PLANK.
NEXT. MONDAY NIGHT—
THE WORLD'S ACKNOWLEDGED
Monarchs of Minstrelsy,
PRIMROSE AND WEST !
With the Greatest Company They Have Ever
." Owned, will present a combination of
40 WHII ES— 3O BLACKS— 7 0 IN ALL.
3 MILITARY BANDS.
SEATS READY TO-DAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. tssKSTisE Kbeli.vg, Proprietor * Manager
This (Thursday) Evening,
Grand Complimentary Testimonial Tendered to
the Favorite Comedian.
. „ THOMAS C. LEAKY
A Host of Volunteers, includim: JuK CHOW-
SKI and EDDIE GKKANKV in a
Friendly Set-to.
The Brilliant Spectacular Extravaganza,
"BLUEBEARD
NEXT WEEK,
••THE CHIMES OF NORMANDY."
LOOK OUT FOB
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN!"
The Favorite Story In an Operatic Setting.
Popular Prices— and sOc.
rmCDLAnOLR.GOTTLOD « ffMLt 55 ta A.TS twuotiu • • •
THIRD GRAND CONCERT TO-NIGHT,
The Incomparable
; RXV ARD JS " ~
lac;hm's:e, . kith,
Orchestra of 40.
Complete Change of Programme.
RESKKVED SEATS-35C, SOc. 75c, HI.
SATURDAY "LOVE FOR LOVE."
Next Week — Morrison's "FAUST."
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MORO3UO, Sola Leasea and Managaf
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
Lawrence Marston' a Sensation,
"LADY 3L.11L.!"
The Circus ! The Horse "Komanoff" 1
The Moonlit Ruins!
"It is a great play."— X. Y. Herald.
Fvksino Pbickj— 2sa and 553.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10a
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday*
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrßll Btreeu Between Stockton and Po»»U.
ONLY 3 MORE NIGHTS —
OF THE FASHIONABLE
HOPKINS' TR.JWS.OCEAHC COMPLY!
10— BIG ACTS!— IO 35-AI;T!STS:-25
Positively the Lest Week of
THE ROSSOW BROS.
Miniature Sandows and Lilliputian Pugilists.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera c.niri
and Box seats. 50c. '
ay Secure Seats a day In advance. Hundreds
turned away nightly.
A GREAT.NEW COMPANY SUNDAY. MAY 3.
THE AUDITORIUM.
Friedlander, Gottlob &. Co, Lessees and Managers
EVERY EVENING INCLUDING SUNDAY
3 MATINEES 3
Thursday, Saturday, Sunday.
BRISTOL'S HORSE SHOW!
The Finest School of Educated Horses In the
World.
Seats 15c, 85c and 50c.
CHILDREN AT MATINEES 10c
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG CELEBRATION MAYDAY!
CONCERTS BY THE ORPHANS' BAND
f COMICAL BALLOON
ASCENSION
PARACHUTE DROP
By MARCO, the Clown.
Every Child Attending Will Be Given
a Japanese Practical Parachute.
OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
SATURDAY NIGHT— FIREWORKS!
Sunday, LEILA ADAIR, Aeronaut.
SUTRO_BATHS.
MONSTER MAYDAY FESTIVAL!
A BEAUTIFUL QI'KKN !
1000 CHILDKEN IN « If AND MARCH!
LOTS OF FUN ON
3VEE3FS.:EI."Sr X7E7-.A.Tg- ;
General Admission, 10c. Children, 3a.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE
OP -fILIFIT 1 ,
Cor. California and .Mason streets.
The Annual Spring: Exhibition,
Including the James D. Phelan prize painting tint
! 140 examples in oil and water colors by residen.'
I artists, also 15 examples in plastic art, is now
! open daily from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m., including Sun-
days, Organ Recitals Sunday afternoons from •
to 4. Admission Ma
Concerts Every '■ hursday Evening.
Admission .'>()«•.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT, .
Now Open Every Sunday During the Season.
Music, Dancing, Bowline. Boating. Fishing and
other amusements. | Refreshments at city prices.
Fare, round trip, 25c: children l&c; including ad-
mission to the grounds.
THE : STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tiboron Ferry 10:30 a. m., 1V:1O P. m.,
'i anil 4 p. 11. ■ Returning leave El Campo 11:15
, a. if;, 1, 3 and 5 p. m.
78
HOME-COMING OF
OFFICER WEBSTER
Troubles of the Concord's
Purser, Now Due
Here.
TO BE COURT-MARTIALED
Will Be Charged With Taking
an Illegal Bond Frcm
His Clerk.
THE DEPARTMENT AROUSED.
A Sensation Premised in Naval Cir
cles, and of Peculiar Interest
in Valhjo.
The United States steamer Concord from
the China station, which left Honolulu
for San Francisco a few days ago. is bring
ing home an officer whose reception at
>lare Island will be anything but pleas-
Ii i? Parsed Assistant Paymaster Edwin
15. Webster of the ship, and he will be called
upon to answer befc.e a court-martial to
charges unbecoming an officer in the na
val service. In 1894, while at the nuvy
yard, attached to the steamer Yorktown,
ne met Wiliiam H. Tobin, a clerk in the
employ of the Government. The young
man wanted to see the world and Web
ster offered him the billet of pay clerk on
the Yorktown. But there was a condi
tion to the position, Webster , informed
him, to the effect that pay clerks had to
put up a cash bond of $2500. He ex
plained that as clerk of the Yonctown he
would handle $50,000 or $7f>,000 a month
and the paymaster must have a cash se
curity in his safe from his clerk to cover
any future errors or indiscretions on the
part of the young man.
Tobin had never heard of this practice
and demurred, but Webster insisted that
it was a new order from the department.
Tobin had no money and the paymaster
went to the clerk's mother. She reluct
antly furnished the $2500 and Tobin sailed
for China in the Yorktown.
He became sick in Yokohama and was |
discharged at his own request by order of |
the Secretary of the Navy. He was with- j
out money to pay his fare home on the I
mail steamer and begged Webster to re- j
turn the cash bond. The paymaster told
him that he did not have the money and
Tohin had to send to his mother in Yal
leio for tlie price of Ins steamer ticket.
Mrs. Tobin died last January and in her j
Will E. McGettigan and Mathew Me- ;
EDWIN B. WEBSTER.
Manna were named as executors of the
estate. Among her papers was the re
ceipt from Webster, acknowledging the
payment to him of the $2500 as a bond.
.McGettigan tried to get a settlement from
the Yorktown's paymaster, and failing,
•wrote to Acting Secretary MeAdoo, with
whom be was personalty acquainted. That
otticial immediately communicated with
Webster, who stated in reply that he sim
ply borrowed the money from the Tobins
and that that sum was in nowise a secur
ity for the clerk's behavior.
McGettigan went to Washington and
called upon Secretary Herbert, to whom
he stated the case. T/he Secretary was in
dignant that an officer in the service
should take upon himself to extract a cas'i
bond from a clerk, and began measures to
have Paymaster Webster brought home to
e.\) lain this unusual transaction. As the
Concord was to be ordered to Mare Island
Webster was sent to that vessel, changing
places with Passed Assistant Paymaster
Leeds C. Kerr. The Concord, in com
pany with the Petrel, will probably arrive
in this port from Honolulu next Friday,
and will go directly to the navy-yara.
Mr. McGettigan was interviewed by a
Call reporter at the Russ House last even
ing and unhesitatingly made the forego
inir statement givinsr'in detail his meeting
with the Secretary of the Navy.
"Wuen I laid before him Web
sters receipt |Mven to Mrs. Tobin
for her sons cash bond," said Mr.
McGettigan, "Secretary Herbert was
a wry angry man. He also .-aw Webster's
letter to McAdoo and the explanation that
the money was only received as a loan, and
that statement didn't help the paymaster
in the estimation of his chief. '
"1 also informed Mr. Herbert that young
Tobin had tried in vain to get some kind
of a settlement out of \Vebst?r. but that
officer always answered that he had no
money. H^ pay :ss2ooo a year. He has
been in several difficulties before and was
court-martialed out in China about a year
ag-i. Paymaster Webster is a very speedy
officer according to ail accounts. His tale
to poor old Mrs. Tobin was a falsehood.
"A pay clerk in the naval service han
dies no money and has no responsibility
in that line, A paymaster is under heavy
bonds, but no bond is ever required of the
clerk. If such were not the case you may
know that the careful department would
soon clap a bond on him. On vessels of
the third rate, such as the Yorktown, Con
cord, Bennington, Adams, Ranger, etc.,
the ray clerk gets $1000 a year and is not
an officer, but is employed by the depart
ment on the recommendation of the pay
master.
"However, Mr. Webster took his clerk's
$2500 under peculiar circumstances, and he
is coming home to be investigated, as Sec
retary Herbert informed me should be
done. While he is undergoing the court
martial Mr. McManus and myself, as ex
ecutors of the late Mrs. Tobin's estate, will
begin suit against Paymaster Webster's
bondsmen for the return of $2500.
"i have been told that he was in a hole
and the money came to him in the nick of
time. He certainly used it pretty quickly,
for he was hard-up when Tobin asked him
for it a few months later in Japan. If the
young fellow had not received his fare
from Jiis mother, he would have been on
the beach in Yokohama yet."
In an interview with Administrator Mc-
Manus and also with \Y. J. Tobin, it is
learned that Edward McGettigan, the
other administrator of the estate of Cath
erine Tobin, deceased, while at Washing
ton a short time since in the interests of
the River and Harbor Commissioners,
called upon Secretary of the Navy Her
bert and had a personal interview with
him in regard to Paymaster Edwin B.
Webster. U. b l . N.
Mr. McGettigan was informed by the
Secretary that the claim of the adminis
trators was a just one and that the pay
master had no rich t to exact the money
of Mrs. Tobin, and he would be compelled
to refund the same. He asked to have an
acknowledged statement sent him by Mr.
Tobin concerning the full transaction.
This statement wus recently forwarded to
the Secretary, giving in detail the entire
proceedings and also a copy of the receipt
signed by Paymaster Webster.
An immediate reply to this statement
was received by Mr. McGettigan, who in
the meantime had returned from Wash
ington. The purport of the reply from the
Secretary was to the effect that he had or
dered Paymaster Webster's transfer from
the YorKtown to the Concord, which shin
was under orders to proceed from the
Asiatic station to Mare Island. This order
virtually meant that the Secretary did not
desire to incur any additional expense in
sending the paymaster home by mail
steamer.
It is known that the commandant at
Mure Island has received orders from the
department to carry out the instructions
of the Secretary, which are sufficently
stated there, as embodied m the letter to
Administrator McGettigan." He (Webster)
shall, upon his return home, make imme
diate payment of the $2,500 obtained from
Mrs. Tohin on a false statement of facts,
and in default of said payment the Secre
tary will proceed against' Webster's bond
men for return of the full amount." The
Secretary says, further, that in case it
should be necessary for Mr. Tobin to go to
Washington to consult with him regarding
the illegal transaction that Paymaster
Webster shall be compelled to pay all ex
penses incurred by his trip to the East.
It is not known what action will be taken
by the commandant on arrival of the
Concord, but it is hinted the paymaster
may be sent directly to Washington for a
personal interview with the department,
it is evident the Secretary intends having
the money refunded without delay, and
also that he will not condone any act tend
ing to bring disgrace on the pay corps. It
is also understood the paymaster is in ill
repute in the Paymaster-General's office
for sending statements falsely. Tobin
says the paymaster informed him the
money was obtained for the purpose of
squaring funds which he was short when
the Yorktown left here for the Asiatic
station.
ALTERING TRANSFERS.
Robert Bell Arrested on Complaint of
the Market - Street Cable
Company.
Robert Bell, an elderly man, was ar
rested at hia residence on Pierce street,
near Page, yesterday afternoon on two
warrants charging him with "restoring a
canceled check of a railroad company."
The complaining witness is Conductor
McCoy of the Market-street Cable Com
pany. It is alleged that Bell altered the
date on transfer tickets, plugged up the
punch hole, repunched the ticket .and
used it to travel on the company's lines.
When searched several transfers were
found in his pockets. He denied the ac
cusation and said that one of his sons was
making a collection of transfer tickets as
a "fad," and he gave him all he could
collect.
Bell was formerly steward at the City
and County Hospital. One of his sons is
in she Street Department and another is
in the Assessor's Office.
The arrest is said to be the first of a
series, as the company has the names of
several others who are accused of a simi
lar offense.
ILLEGAL FISHING.
An Unlicensed Fisherman Arrested and
a Four Hundred Fathom Set
Net Seized.
M. Nordman of Benicia was arrested
Tuesday by Deputy Fish Commissioner J.
H. Davis for tishing without a license.
Mr. Davis also picked up in Honkers Bay
a set net tneaburing 400 fathoms anchored
at one end by an anchor, and at the other
by weights of railroad iron. The net was
turned over to the local authorities and a
complaint entered against John Doe.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1896.
The Handsome Four-Masted Schooner Muriel That Made the Run From Hawaii in Fifteen Days. She
Was Built at Oakland and Is One of the Prettiest Schooners in the Bay.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The New Schooner Muriel Made
the Run From Hawaii in
Fifteen Days.
A VERY HANDSOME VESSEL.
Funds for the Relief of the Men
Drowned in the Blairmore
Pouring In.
One of the prettiest schooners in the bay
is the Muriel, which arrived here from
Honoipu, Hawaiian Islands, on the 26th
inst. She is loaded with sugar and this is
her maiden voyage. During her run to
Hawaii she made excellent time and the
owners are justly proud of the new vessel.
The Muriel will load general merchandise
for the islands, and a full cargo has already
been assured her.
Tho Italian ship E. Raegio and the I
British ship Promise Hill were in collision !
yesterday. The latter had her outer bob
stay carried away ana the end of her jib
boom broken off. The Raggio had her
jigger rigging carried away and her poop
rail damaged. The vessels were separated
without any trouble and a few hundred
dollars will repair all the damage. About
4:30 o'clock in the morning a strone
breeze from the Boutheast blew, and when
the tide caught the vessels the Primrose
Hill went adrift. The crew on the Raggio
were on the lookout, however, and serious '
damage was averted.
John Martel, who has for twenty years
been assistant chief clerk on the Pacific
Mail Company's dock, died last Tuesday
after a short illness. He was about 40
years of age and was one of the best-known
men on the water front.
The Harbor Commissioners are more
than pleased with the working of the new
purchasing depot. During the last six
raontnK about $4300 I as been saved to the
State. Superintendent S. E. Westlake
thinks that v still greater saving can be!
made. "It means a saving of over $700 a \
month," said President Colnon yesterday,
"and that is only the beginning of civil
service reform. As soon as we pet under
way you will see expenses drop like lead,
ami while 1 and my brother Harbor Com
missioners may be called every name in
the calendar, still the State will be tens of
thousands of dollars in pocket by the
transaction."
The amount of money raised for the
relatives of the men drowned in the Blair
more has reached the respectable sura of
f 1&0S 25. The lists are now closed, but a
lew dollars may be expected from the
Union Iron Works on May 7 (pay day).
The list is as follows:
Before reported.. $1417 75
(.icorge Lovelock, Nevada 6 00
Captain Watson 5 00
Cnptaln HurfiHd, bark Alexander 00 !
The Bungalow 2 60 I
James A. llanlan.. 6 00
Collected by Miss .Pond ■ " 725 i
Dr. McDonald 5 00 '
Casli • 1 BO i
ltev. J. 1 ell 10 00 !
H. Sherlock Holmes. 2 50
Picnic steamer Caroline 35 00
Proceeds concert at Seamans' Institute... 48 26
ship Gantoc-k Hock, second installment. . 0 00
Ship Morlalia 11 50
Ship 1uvere5k. ........ 35 00
Ship Alt air • 1400 '
bhip Alexander.. 16 00 I
Ship i*yland Bros 13 00 1
Ship Lucipara ; 30 00
BtaiD Hyderabad 46 00
Ship Wynustay 127 50
Hiij> n bally more 35 00 i
Bhip Craigeud...... 26 00 '
Grand Total 91808 25
The question of raisins the vessel is still
in abeyance, and Captain Burnt does not
know whether to raise her himself or sell
the hull as it lies. The chances are, how
ever, that work on her will begin next
week. As the vessel has settled into the
mud the work of raising her will be diffi
cult.
TO BESTRAIN PEDDLERS.
Ketail Fruit-Dealera Object to Their
Kinging Doorbells.
At a meeting of the retail fruit and
game dealers Monday niuht it was de
cided to append to the petition already
drafted for presentation to the Board of
Supervisors, asking that peddlers be pro
hibited from taking stands with their
wagons, but be compelled to keep moving
about the City; a request also to prohibit
peddlers from rineing doorbells in selling
their wares. Both privileges now prac
ticed by peddlers are claimed bj the fruit
men to be illegal and unjustly detrimental
to their trade.
The association is rapidly increasing in
membership. Already 215 firms have
joined. There remain now only about
fifteen or sixteen firms iv the City outside
of the association.
Arrangements were made at the meeting
to hold a grand picnic at San Jose the lat
ter part of next month. All fruit men are
invited.
BITUMEN ON EIGHTH STREET.
Property- Ownen Want the Railroad
Company to Pave.
The property-owners along Eighth street
between Market and Folsom are highly
incensed because the Market-street Rail
road Company is neglecting to pave that
portion of the street between the rails
with bitumen.
A Jew weeks ago the Supervisors award
ed the contract of paving Eighth street
with bitumen to the Pacific Paving Com
pany. Work was beguu soon after, and
concrete bas already been laid along the
east side of the block between Market and
Mission. The entire block and half of the
next block will be completed by the first
of next week.
The failure on the part of the railroad to
remove the cobbles between the rails and
lay concrete alonp with the paving com
pany will seriously impair the pavement
according to the statements of several of
the property-owners.
They wish the railroad to either remove
the track altogether or join with them
and put in bitumen.
SEMI-CENTENNIAL FETE.
Mexican Veterans Will Celebrate the
First liaising; of the American
Flag in California.
The following communication is self
explanatory:
To the Editor of the Call— Sin: The Associated
Veterans of the Mexican War desire, through
your columns, to express their sincere thanks
to General James Forsyth, U. 8. A., command
ing the Department of California, for his pen
erous and patriotic aid toward the celebration
of the semi-centennial anniversary of the tak
ing possession of California and the raisine of
the American nap at Monterey on July 7, 184(i,
by Commodore John D. Slout of the United
States navy at that place, and, under his or
ders, by Captain Montgomery of the United
States sloop-of-war Portsmouth at San Fran
cisco and the Presidio on July 9, 18-16, as per
the following orders :
Headquartkrs Department of California, |
San Krancisco, April 27, 1896. \
Edwin A. Sherman, Chairman of the Commit
tee of Arrangement*, AttoeiaUd Veterans of the
Mexican War, A'o. 1113 Webster street, Oakland,
Cat— Sir: Referring to your communication
of the 13lh inst., addressed to the department
commander, inviting him ana command to at
tend the Femi-centennitii celebration at Mon
terey, Cal., in commemoration of the American
occupation of California and the raisin?: of the
American flag at that place, etc., I am directed
by the department commander to inform you
that arrangements will be made for the prese
nce at Monterey on the occasion specified of a
light battery of artillery, which will be in
structed to tire requisite salutes and take part
m the ceremonies; that the necessary salutes
will be tired on July 7 from San Diego Uar
racks, Alcatrnz Inland and the Presidio of Han
Francisco; that from the last-named post a sa
lute will also be fired on July 9 in commem
oration of the first hoisting' of the American
ilag thereat, and that your invitation to all the
officers of the command to attend the ceremo
nies at Monterey has been communicated to
them, with the request that all such as con
template attendance on the occasion shall so
signify to these headquarters, a list of which
when received will be furnished you. Very
respectfully, O. 1). Gukene,
Assistant Adjutant General.
FOR CALIFORNIA COAL
The Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association Enters
a Protest.
Measures Adopted to Deter the Stock
ton Asylum From Using a
Foreiga Product.
Strenuous efforts are being put forth by
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Associ
ation to induce the managers of the State
insane asylums to supply those institu
tions with native coal. These efforts re
ceived quite a douche of cold water when
it became known that the Napa Asylum
Trustees had signed a contract for the sup
plying of that institution with Welsh coal.
The association forthwith entered the fol
lowing energetic protest:
Ban Francisco, April 29, 1896.
To the Honorable Hoard of Trustees of the State
Asylum for the Insane, A'apa, CaJ.—Gentle
men: Our attention has been called to the
fact that on the 25th inst. bias were
opened at the Napa Asylum for Its supply of
coal, and we art- further informed that the fol
lowing bids were received:
000 tons Welsh coal at #0 03. $3618; 800
tons Clarke c al at $3 65, Sr'29'JO; 800 tons
Clarke cpal being required to evaporate 13,
--888,100 pounds oi water as against GOO tous
of the Welsh.
We are further informed that although there
is a difference of $H9B in favor of the Clarke,
which is a California coal, the contract was
awarded to the parties bidding on Welsh coal
from Great Britain.
This association, numbering among its mem
bers some of the largest taxpayers in the State,
has considered it a part of its duties to call the
attention of State institutions to the fact thnt
they should, at equal price and quality, give
the preference to California manufactures and
products. In this connection communications
have been sent to said public institutions from
time to time.
An interview was had some months since
with Governor Budd on the subject, at which
he declared himscif very warmly in favor of
the patronage of home industries by said pub
lic institutions. Therefore, it was with much
surprise that we hetird of the action of your
board in awarding this contract to the highest
bidder: and supposing that it was an oversight
on your part, we would most respectfully re
quest that you cancel said contract und award
the same in favor of the California coal,
thereby assisting home industries, as well as
saving a large amount to the State.
Trusting that this matter will receive prompt
attention at your hands and awaiting: your
favorable reply, I am, for the association, yours
very truly, g. v. Tacy, Manager.
In order to avert a similar contretemps at
Stqckton, the following letter was sent to
the trustees of the asylum there by Man
ager Tacy :
San Franctsco, April 29, 1896.
To the Honnrablt Board o/ Trustee* of the State
Asylum for the Insane, Stockton, Cat.—Gentle
men: We have been informed that on the 23d
inst. bids were opened at Stockton for the coal
supply of the asylum, and that among others
the following bids have been reeeivea; 10,
--315,200 pounds of water evaporated with 500
tons Welsh »ts6 83.53415; 10,315,200 pounds
of water evaporated with 822 tons Clarke at
$3 74, §3074 48, making 'he differemce in
favor of the Clarke coal (which is the Cali
fornia production) of $340 52.
Although I suppose it is hardly necessary, I
desire to call your attention to the question of
patronizing home products, and urge that the
contract be given for the California (Clarke)
coal. I have no doubt that the bid on ClarKe
coal being lower for equal quality that this
course will be taken by your honoraDle board,
and thanking you in advance, I aua for the
association, yours truly,
8. H. Tacy, Manager.
FIRE PATROL IN DANGER
Report of Assessments for Its
Support Showing a Heavy
Decrease.
SERVICE MUST BE CURTAILED.
Insurance Men Surprised at the
Falling Off in Business During
the Quarter.
The latest development in the demoral
ized insurance situation in this City is the
startling announcement that it is no loncer
possible to maintain the Underwriters'
Fire Patrol on its old basis.
Fully a third reduction in the income of
the patrol, which has done inestimable
service for San Francisco, has taken place
in the last quarter. Twenty fire insurance
companies that on many an occasion have
been saved thousands of dollars by the
patrol's assistance have withdrawn their
support entirely, leaving the remaining
companies to face the question of sustain
ing the patrol.
The first notification of this serious fall
ing off was received by the local insurance
men yesterday. It came in the eighty-fifth
regular assessment notice for the support
of the Fire Patrol ior the quarter ending
March 31. This private circular stated that
at a meeting of the board of directors of the
patrol, held April 28, it was resolved to
levy the eighty-fifth assessment of 1% per
cent on the basis of premium receipts, less
return premiums and reinsurance premi
ums paid to companies contributing to the
expense of the patrol on policies covering
property in San Francisco.
The total number of companies report
ing was fifty-nine. For the corresponding
quarter of 1895 it was seventy-nine and in
189-1 ei?hty-seven. The premium receipts
show a heavy falling away and, conse
quently, the assessment; aggregates little
more than two-thirds of the total figure of
the first quarter ol 1895. For the sake of
comparison the figures are given as follows
for the first quarters in 1894, 1895 and 1896.
Numberof
comp&nies
reporting.
Premium j
receipts in
San Francisco
Assessment
for
patrol.
$564,917 99
533,736 44
390,504 97
*7,061 00
tt,077 70
4,881 55
The companies which failed to contribute
to the Fire Patrol are the Agricultural of
New York, American of New York, Broad
way, Continental, Delaware, Franklin of
Philadelphia, Germania of New York,
Glenn Falls, Girard, Maedeburg, Mer
chants of New Jersey, Niagara, North
western National, Orient of Hartford,
Pacific of New York, Patriotic of Dublin,
Sun of California, Teutonia of New Or
leans, Traders' of Chicago, Westchester of
New York and Williamsburg City of
Brooklyn. With but two insignificant ex
ceptions, all these companies are Ameri
can. Not one of the wealthy foreign cor
porations failed to give their share to sup
port the patrol.
The decrease in fire insurance business
as shown by the quarterly report was dis
cussed all day long in insurance circles
yesterday. It was noted with misgivings,
for the income had dropped down to an
unprecedentedly low figure. Several com
panies had fallen over 100 per cent in their
receipts. Of the lar.-er companies the
Liverpool, London and Globe fell from $20,
--098 60 to $11,170 15, the Royal Exchange
from $17,945 to $10,197, the -Etna of Hart
ford from $10,445 to $8066, the New Zea
land from $19,780 to $5727.
Some general managers had refused
business at very low rates, and conse
quently they made a poor showing. The
Royal, Fireman's Fund, Commercial
Union, Connecticut, London and Lanca
shire, Queen, Lancashire, German-Ameri
can, Hamburg-Bremen and some otners
increased their incomes.
Insurance men, however, admit that
their business is utterly demoralized in
San Francisco and are beginning to think
seriously of a new compact to sustain
rates. They could not say what would be
the future of the Fire Patrol, although
unlesa some understanding be reached re
garding rates they fear it will not be par
ticularly bright.
THE WOMEN'S CONGRESS.
The Third Annual Meeting Will Con
vene in Niitivß Sons' Hall Next
Monday Morning.
The third annual meeting of the
Women's Congress of the Pacific Coast,
will convene in the Native Bons' Hall
next Monday morning at 10:30 o'clock
the president, Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, de
livering the address of welcome. There
will be three sessions a day for seven
days. The programme will be as follows:
10:30 a. St.— Address of welcome, Mn. Sarah
B. Cooper, president of the confess, a Re
sponse, Miss Susan B. Anthony, Rochester N.
V., Mrs. Henrotm, Chicago, 111. 3. Introdue
prwMent* "" *" Opening add ress by the
Afternoon session. 2:30 r. m.— "The Begin
ning of Good Government," Mrs. Charlotte
Perkins Stetson, Chicago, ill. ; "Functions of
Government," President Kellogg, University
of California.
Evening seision, 8:00— "The Evolution of
Government," President Jordan, Leland Stan
ford Jr. University; "The Trend of Govern
ment To-day," Rev. Anna H. Shaw.
TCESDAY, MAY 5— FORMS OF GOVERNMENT.
Morning session, 10:30 — '-The Chief," Mrs.
William Keith, Berkeley; "The King," Miss
Mollie E. Connors, Oakland; "The People"
(paper). Mrs. Charlotte Perkins-Stetson, Chi
cago, 111.
Afternoon session, 2:30 — "The Family,"
Miss Catherine M. Gruydon, Oakland; "The
Tribe," Mrs. Frances Fuller Victor: "The
State (or Kingdom)", Mrs. Mary Prag; "The
Nation," Miss Eliza D. Keith.
Evening session, B:oo— "What Americans
Came From, and What We Came For." Hon.
Taylor Rogers; "What We Did for the World,"
Rev. Anna H. Shaw; "What We Are Now,"
Dr. Ed. A. Ross, Stanford University, Cal
WEDNESDAY, MAY 6.
Morning session, 10:30 — '-Woman as a
Popular Myth," Miss Cordelia S. Kirkland,
Chicago. 111. ; "Woman as a Plain Fact," Miss
Sarah M. Severance; "Woman as a Social Fac
tor." Mrs. Eliza A. Orr; "Woman as a Social
Sufferer," Rev. Eliza Tupper Wilkes, Oakland.
Afternoon session, 2:30 — "Women in Re
ligion," Rev. J. K. McLean, D.D., Oakland:
"Women in Fiction," Mrs. Lovell White;
"Woman in Poetry," Mrs. Dorothea Roth.
Evening session, 8 — "As She Was and
as She Is,*' Rev. Jacob Voorsanger, D.D. ; "As
She Is Said to He," Miss Elizabeth V. Yates:
"As She Will Be," Rev. Anna H. Shaw.
THURSDAY, SIAY 7— THE HISTORIC VIEW.
Morning session, 10:30 o'clock— '•Primitive
Woman," Mrs. Saran Gamble; "In Savagery,"
Mrs. Nellie Blessing Eyster; '-Iv Barbaiisin,"
Mrs. E G. Greene of Santa Cruz; "In Ancient
Civilizations," Mrs. George Oulton of Bouldin
Island.
Afternoon session, 2:30 o'clock— "ln China
and Japan," Miss Elizabeth U. Vates of Maine;
"In India," Miss Sarah D. Hamlin; "In North
ern Races," Miss Agnes Manning; "In Feudal
ism." Mrs. Mary Field of San Jose.
Evening session, 8 o'clock — "Our Fore-
Charles A. Murdock; "Woman in
Modern Europe," Mrs. Helen M. Henrotin of
Chicago; "In America To-day," Mrs. Clara B.
Colby, Washington.
FRIDAY, MAY BTH— SOME SPECIAL PHASES.
Morning session, 10:30 o'clock— "America's
Great Queens, "Mrs. Harriet R.Strung.Ranchito
del Fuerte, Cal.; ''The Queen Dowager," Mrs.
Sturtcvant-Peet, Sau Jose, Cal.; "The Power j
Behind the Throne," Miss A. M. Fulton; j
'Mothers of Great Men," Mrs. Ada Van Pelt,
Oakland.
Afternoon session, 2 :30 o'clock— "Heroines of
History." Mrs. Henry Kreba Jr., "The Slave as
Ruler/ Mrs. George T. Gaden; "Woman in
War Times," Mrs. E. O. Smith, San Jose, Cal.
Evening session, 8 o'clock — "The Modern
Change in Ideals of Womanhood," Professor
Edward H. Griggs, Stanford University;
"Woman's Stake in the Country," Miss Sarah
M. Severance, College Park; "Tne Mother— Old
and New," Mrs. Harriet W. Russell Strong,
President Ebell Society, Los Angeles, Cal.
SATURDAY, MAY 9— CLAIMS— GENERAL AND SPE
CIAL.
Morning session, 10:30 o'clock— "Women as
Citizens," Mrs. Emma Seckle Marshall, Oak
land: "Housekeeping and City-keeping," Miss
Harriet May Mill*, New York ; "Right of Rep
resentation,'' Miss Alice Moore McComas, Los
Angeles; "Reaction of Injustice," Miss Saruh
Severance.
Afternoon session, 2:30 o'clock— "Riehts of
Property and Rights of Persons," Mrs. Harriet
W. Russell Strong; "Private-Spirited Moth
ers," Rev. Anna H. Shaw; "A New Citizen
ship" (symposium), Mrs. A. A. Sargent, Mrs.
John F.Swift, Miss Mollie E. Connors and Miss
Mills; "A Stronger Home," Mrs. Helen Camp
bell, Chicago, 111.
Evening session, 8 o'clock — "How Far Is
Woman Adapted and Adaptable to Political
Functions," Professor H. H. Powers, Stanford
University; "Children of a Larger Growth," I
Rev. Anna H. Shaw; "Practical Ethics for the
Home and Government," Mrs. Sarah B.
Cooper, president of the congress.
SVNDAY. MAY 10.
Evening session, 7:45 o'clock— Sermon, Rev.
Anna M. Shaw; musical services to be con
ducted by Mrs. Marriner-Campbell.
The subject to be discussed by the con
erress is, "Woman and Government."
Speeches will be limited to twenty min
utes.
Would Not Pay His Bill.
J. P. Lnpcaze, laundryman, 809 Sutler street,
swore out a warrant in Judge Joachiinsen's
court yesterday for the arrest of A. G. Lindsey
of 1255 California street on the charge of bat
tery. Lapciize said that Lindsey owed him *S0
and when he went to collect the bill on Mon
ilny Ldndsey refused to pay him and beat him
with his fists.
~^— _- _— ~, -^^' -, ' ,-, - '-, yE W TO-DAY. •
Xj*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*p
I The************ ftp jl|l <
I Wonder # !
j Millinery i& j
♦ _ ■ ,-* ■ ♦
* The Latest ■Jstl^!Ua k The Prices ♦
* Spring and '^^^^ are Low. |
{ Summer S|i||L The Largest |
* Designs, from %^^^m^ and Best *
* Paris, London L^" WB> Selected *
* and New York. \^JF Stock Fvpi* *
rfa Rvfa^a *"^ twVi\ 1— 4 Vvl
IJI HATS, LACES, FLOWERS, ' 1
I' JEL FEATHERS, RIBBONS. I
! S^^^^ 1026 Market St. f
'{ NO BRANCH STORE IN THIS CITY. «*
♦ MI||MI>|||I>MMMMIMI» »»>♦♦♦»♦<♦♦»♦♦♦•♦♦ MIIMtMIIM >
SMIIMXMMIUMIIMIIIMM IMMMMMMMIM fIIMMMUM i
♦ office or ;
t BLACK WILL'S DURHAM TOBACCO COMPANY. [
— . _ ra IB DURHAM, N. C. ;
TA ATT Dear Sir:
If] nlili You * re entitled to receive . '
Mm A&UJJ FREE *rom your wholesale dealer, :
' '""" WHITE STAR SOAP with all
IMbw4i9tlt i {! ' Blackwell's Genuine
nfIMA^AnJiA Blackwell's Genuine
IlOi yfiaiyS Durham Smoking
*** TobaCCO you buy. One bar ]'
■■■■ gfe i am of soap Free with each pound, .
IS* Rft 0 AHA I whether 16 oz., 8 oz., a oz., or J;
If mm yuil We have notified every whole- •
«ww Blf wwn sale dealer In the United States :
'«■■ A «~ m ; --,■■■ that we will supply them with soap ; ; .
Hira H S^^l^ to give you FREE. Orderagood
Tl I U B nnO supply It qenulre durham at :
I !SiHlil iS once, and insist on getting your !
■ UUUyUUa soap. One bar of Soap FREE with :
-vwaswwvd each pound you buy. Soap is •
offered for a limited time, so order ;
to-day. Yours very truly, :
.' ! BLACKWELL'S DURHAM
I TOBACCO COMPANY.
* « » « ■ m> > « If you bar* «ny difficulty In procuring your Cmmmiiii
soap, cut out this notice and send It with -;i ■-.?
your order to your wholesale dealer. (
"ONE YEAR BORROWS ANOTHER YEAR'S FOOL."
YOU DIDN'T USE
SAPOLIO
LAST YEAR. PERHAPS YOU WILL NOT THIS YEAR.
MAHONEY MEETS DEFEAT
His Delegation Refused a Place
on the Temporary
Roll.
A DISAPPOINTMENT FOR HIM.
The Battle Must Be Fought en Equal
Ground Before the State
Convention.
The executive committee of the Repub
lican State Central Committee, after an
hour's discussion Jast nignt, decided to
leave the contest between the opposing
delegations from the Fourth Congressional
District to the State Convention.
Mahoney's delegation will not be placed
on the temporary roll, and will not be
allowed to vote on the matter. So that
the battle will have to be fought in Sacra
mento.
There were twenty of the thirty-one
members of the executive committee pres
ent, with P. B. Cornwall in the chair and
Jake Steppacher acting as secretary. At
8:20 p. M. the meeting was called to order
and non-members were requested to air
themselves in the hallway. At 9:20 o'clock
the door of the committee - room was
opened, and the members thereof emerged
from the cigar-smoke and wended their
way homeward.
It was learned that fthe discussion on
both sides was temperate and gentle
manly. John D. Spreckela and Senator
Mahoney represented the two heads of the
contest. .
The Senator seemed to be disappointed
that his delegation could not get on the
temporary roll, as that would be quite a
victory for his side, and he seemed to feel
the disappointment keenly.
There was no other business transacted
by the committee, and the Mahoney con
tingent went away mourning.
IMPURE JELLIES.
Letter on the Subject From the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association
to the Board of Health.
Jellies composed for the most part of
glucose, horses' and cows' feet, old livers
and cheap flavoring extracts are said to be
on sale in many oi the grocers' shops of
the City. The matter being brought to
the notice of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association that body has ad
dressed the following communication to
the City Board of Health:
San Francisco. April 27, 1896.
To the Honorable the Board ofHtaUh of tltc City
and County of Han Francisco: Gk.nti.emen—ln
formaiion has reached us that there is now a
great flood of Impure jellies in the San Fran
cisco market, which is endangering not -inly
tnat Weld of manufacture in California, but
also is a menace to the heal h of the
community.
We understand that this matter has already
been called to your attention and that you are
now making some investigations of the same,
and we write this letter to urge that you make
such investigations as thorough as may be in
your power, and that if your investigations
warrant it wa hope that decisive steps will be
taken to stamp out the evil. Yours truly,
Fred H. Dingle, Assistant secretary.THE OREGON IS
READY FOR WAR
The Big Battle-Ship Is
Floated in Full Equip
ment.
PREPARING FOR A TEST.
The Eighty-Mile Run Will Be
Undertaken Probably Next
Monday.
CONDITIONS OF THE TRIAL.
The Amount of a Heavy Bonus D?.
pendant Upon the Speed
Attained.
The Oregon is ready for war. With her
bottom painted white a* the wings of a
dove of peace ?he Boated out of the dock
at the Union Iron Works at 30 minutes
past midnight, equipped and armed to
drive certain jueged terrors to the heart
of the enemies of this United States.
The big battle-ship, which for four years
lias bam la the course of building at the
Union Iron Works, '.vent into the drydock
three days ago to have the final attention
paid to her, short of coaling up. In the
three days she has been made a fit mem
bpr of the white squadron in point of
color. Last night the water tunnels were
ci; ened, the gate wa? floated and at high
tide, shortly after midnight, lour tugs
hauled her into deep water.
Bne was run to a bouy in the bay near
the I'nion Iron Works and this mornine,
tie lishters already waiting, a supply
of coul and provisions will be tafcen on for
the official trial and test of speed.
The preparations for the test will go for
ward as speedily as possible now and will
be completed this week. The course of
forty miles ha« been laid off close along
the coast south of Santa Barbara. The trial
will be made just as soon as everything is
ready and ;f the weather is proper may be
made on Monday next. The conditions
require » minimum of fifteen knots during
four consecutive hours. During that time
everything must work to the approval of
the examining board of naval officers,
which, so far as the world knows, is yet to
be appointed.
For every one-quarter of a knot faster
than the required fifteen the Union Iron
Works receives a bonup of $25,000. No
attempt, therefore, will be made to save
coal on the occasion. She will be com
manded by Captain Charles Miner Goodall
for the trial trip, and will carry on the
occasion not less than 200 men.
Chief Engineer Robert Forsyth of the
Union Iron "Works said last night: "There
is every indication that the trial will be
entirely successful. The battle-ship is
now complete. The only thing to be done
is to shine things np, which will not be
done until it is accepted by the examining
board and we prepare to turn her over to
the Government.
"The Oregon," continued Mr. ForsyUi.
"is one of the three great battle-ships built
for the Government. The Cramps built
the other two, the Indiana and the Mass
achusetts. The Oregon will compare in
every particular with the great battleships
of the world and demonstrates the ability
of San Francisco to com pete in the highest
cla-s of ship building. All we want is
more ships to build. The prestige of tne
Cramps and the Clyde stands them in
great stead of course, but we have done
tiie work here, and if we were constantly
eni ployed we could gather here a coni
mu'nity of proficient men that would
soon, by their successful work, establish
as great a name as any."
MRS. V. N. JOHNSON DIES
Victim of a Trolley-Car Accident,
She Succumbs to Her
Injuries.
Coroner Hawkins Notified and the Case
Will Be Thoroughly In
vestigated.
The deadly trolley has added another to
its long list of fatalities. Last evening Mrs.
V. N. Johnson, wife of Special Pension
Examiner V. N. Johnson, who was run
down by a Turk-street electric car on the
24th inst., succumbed to the injuries she
then received.
Mrs. Johnson, who resided at 612 Van
Ness avenue, bad been making a purchase
at a meat market on Turk street, just west
of Van Ness avenue.
It is not ordinarily dangerous to cross
the thoroughfare at that point, and owing
to that fact Mrs. Johnson did not take un
usual precaution in crossing the track.
Just as Bhe had passed over the track,
however, the startling alarm-bell of an
east-bound car rilled her with consterna
tion.
Looking up she saw the car bearing
down upon her at a frightful speed. The
horror of the situation caused her to lose
h!1 presence of mind, and in her confusion
she turned and started to recross the track.
Tie motorman tried his best to check
the momentum of his car, but it was too
late and the unfortunate woman was
hurled to tne ground and dragged quite a
distance over the cobbles. After consider
able dirficnlty she was removed from her
position under the car and taken to her
home, which was only about a block
distant.
When the matter was reported to the
railway company's headquarters Dr. C.
W. Ward, one of the company's staff,
visited the injured woman in order to
ascertain the exact extent of her injuries.
A cursory examination convinced the
doctor that the injuries were extremely
Ferimis. • Mr. Johnson then summoned
Dr. Itagen, who cared for Mrs. Johnson up
to the time of her death.
Coroner Hawkins was notified of Mr?.
Johnson's death Jast night, and he imme
diately detailed Deputy Coroner O'Brien
to investigate the case. An autopsy will
Le held by Dr. J. 8. Barrett to-day in order
that the exact cause of death may be as
certained and the responsibility placed
where it belongs.
FATHER YORKE TO SPEAK.
Will Lecture for the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society.
On Tuesday evening. May 5, Rev. Peter
C. Yorke will deliver a lecture in Metro
]>oliian Temple, Fifth street, for the benc
litof the relief fund of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society. As this is a very worthy ob
ject of charity it is hoped that every one
interested in the cause will attend.
Those having already purchased tickets
may exchange them for reserved seats
without extra charge at Metropolitan Tem
ple, Friday and Saturday, from 9a. M to
2p. m. .:„: ■ .-.:-■ - ■ - ■ :- : ■• ;■
The Battle-Ship Oregon Being Hauled Out of the Drydock Shortly After Midnight This Morning.
MISS SOULE CONVICTED.
The Eoard of Education Deals
Leniently With the
Teacher.
ORIENTALS ARE TO BE BARRED
The Classification Committee Recom
mends Many Changes and
Appointments.
The result of the trial of Mis 3 Fannie L.
Poule, charged with punishing scholars in
» class in the Potrero Primary School
1 more than necessary seventy, was
announced at the meeting of the Board of
Education last evening, the following
resolution being passed by a unanimous
R'tolved, That in the matter of the charges
against Miss Fannie L. Soule, after very care
ful hearing, we tind that she was guilty of vio
lent and unseemly conduct in the presence of
her class and of a violation of the rule respect
ing corporal punishment in the schools.
Kfsolvtrf, That owing to the long and faithful
service of MissSoule as a teacher in the schools,
It is the sense of this board that the penalty
for such violation of a rule be only suspension
without pay for one month, including the time
of suspension pending this investigation.
The resignation of Miss M. B. Reynolds
from her position as a teacher in the Cle
ment Grammar School was accepted.
Tne following recommendations of the
Committee on Qualifications were adopted
unanimously: Tiiat the following proba
tionary teachers who have successfully
served their term of probation be elected
regular teachers:
Miss Martha H. Ritchie, Hnmboldt Pri
mary School; Miss Nellie T. Foley, Long
fellow Primary School; Miss Camilla >?.
McDermott, Edison Primary School; Miss
j Anna M. Grozelier, Irving Primary School.
The Committee on Classification made
i the following recommendations that were
adopted :
That Mrs. Mamie G. Coyle of the day
| substitute class be appointed a probation
i ary teacher in the department and as
i signed to the Douglas Primary School;
I that Miss Mary E. Thomas, teacher in the i
j Garfield Primary School, be transferred to !
! the Clement Grammar School, to take j
! charge of the class made vacant by the
resignation of Miss M. B. Reynolds; that j
Miss Magdalena Hetzer of the day substi
tute class be appointed a probationary
teacher and assigned to toe Douglas
Primary School; that a new class bo j
formed in the Hamilton Evening School i
and that M'ss Eleanor McEwen of the j
evening substitute class be assigned to the
charge of said class; that a new class be
formed in the Horace Mann Evening
School and that John B. Clarke of the
evening substitute class be assigned to the
: charge of same; that Frank Stringham,
! Miss Mary W. Dustead, Miss May Coop
i and Albert J. Houston be appointed' teach
ers in the evening substitute class.
The following resolution was adopted
i unanimously:
Beaotvaf, That it is the desire of the Board of
Education that Chinese and Japanese be not
employed in or about tne school buildings be-
I longing to this department for the purpose of
j cleaning windows, scrubbing, etc., and that a
i copy of this resolution be sent to nil the princi
; pals and janitors in this department.
The board rescinded its recent action in
; appointing A. J. Itsell to the position of
vice-principal of the CJement Grammar
School and gave the position to Miss Helen
j F. McFarland. a teacher in the school.
-
ARE NOT ACCUSED.
No Charges Made Against Kaston &
Kldridge In Charles Lloyd's .
;...-*: Suit. ■ .
. A suit was filed yesterday against Peter
Kehl and Easton. Eldridge & Co., in which
fraud was charged by Charles Lloyd.
Lloyd purchased some land in San Ber
nardino from Kohl. .1 he business of the
transfer was conducted by Easton &
Eldridge. Lloyd found the property not
what he said he was led to believe, and so
brought suit Against Kehl. Easton &
Eldridge were joined, as it was necessary
that they as agent's should be made parties
to the suit, but there is no allegation of
fraud or misdealing made against the
firm. , ;
■■ — ; • — • — • —
Santa Clara Agencies to lie Joined.
One important change that is likely to be
made as a result of tho consolidation of the
South Pacific Coast and Coast divisions June
1 is the uniting of the two agencies at Santa
Clara Into one. The property making this
possible was purchased py the company a feu
years ago. The change will not only effect a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1896.
saving for the company, but will Drove a groat
convenience to the patrons of the roans who
have occasion to make transfers from one road
to the other, as the present offices are a con
siderable distance ajjart.
THE BLIND PRIMA DONNA
Delightful Programme Arranged for
Hi r Forthcoming Vocal and Instru
mental Concert.
A fine musical treat is promised for
Signorina Eatrela Belinfante's concert
Saturday evening at Beethoven Hall. The |
I "blind prima donna" has won her way j
into the hearts of music-loving San Fran- j
| ciscans and seems to do her best to earn
the genuine applause which has thus
far greeted her. Saturday's programme
will be as follows:
"Illibro Santo" C. Pin- mi
Signorina K. Kelinfante.
Violin obllgato (by reques!),B- Mollenhauer
"I'laiser d' Amour" Martini
1- Y. Crepaii.x.
Ana, "Non Conosc: il Bel Sool A. Thomas
Signorina K. Rtlinfante.
Napollc Veuc-zia, "Gondoliera Tarantella" JAazt
8. .Martinez.
Recitative and aria, "Cerco il Mio BenCosi!
(••Orfeo") : Gluck
Signorina K. Helinfante.
"Nons, Nous, Aimerons" Ch. L. Hess \
I* Y. t.irniwm .
*NelCorPio" (duet for one violin) Paganini
B. Mollf-ntiauer.
"Ob, Mio Fernando!" (••Kavorita") Donizetti
bignorina K. Belinfaiue.
MANY MORE MINISTERS
Fourteen Clergymen to Be Grad
uated at San Anselmo
To-Day.
They Came From Different Parts of
the World— Alumni Reunion
Last Night.
Fourteen new Presbyterian ministers
will be added to the clergy of California
to-day when the class of '96 shall have
been graduated from the San Francisco
Theological Seminary at San Anselmo.
It is the largest class that has a»ver com
pleted the seminary course of three years.
Its members, as may be seen by the fol
lowing list, represent many different parts
of the world:
Orien S. Bnrnum, Oakland, Cal. ; Vnclnv I?n
--zata, New York City; Charles R. Callendor
San Luis Obispo, Cal.; John Donaldson, Bel
fast, Ireland ; Edward Eceleston, Davisville
Cal.; George E. Eldredpe, Troy, Ala.; Donald
M. Gillies, Orantredale, Nova Scoiia; William
K. <;mhrie. Edinburgh, Scotland; John V.
Kelly, Omaha, Nebr. ; William Kirkhopu, Port
land, Or. ; J. Robertson McCortncy, Clarenmnt,
Cai.; Robert \V. Reynolds, Lakeporc, Cal.; Ells
worth L. Rich, Palo Alto, Cal. ; Robert C
Stone, Martinsville, Mo.
Tbe commencement exercises will be
held in Assembly Hall at 2 o'clock this
nfternoon. Luncheon will be served in
Montgomery Hall at 12:.'>0 o'clock to the
guests from this City, who will go over on
the 10:15 and the 11 :45 Sausnlito ferry.
The Rev. Dr. Thomas F. Day, chairman
of the faculty, will preside at the graduat
ing exercises, which will consist of the
following programme:
Duet, "Now We Are Ambassadors." James \
Guna Jr. and George G. Eldrcdge; prayer
hymn; addresses by members of tlie graduat
ing class ("The Minister's WorK and Counter
Temptations," Orien 8. Karnum; "Some Better
Thing for Us," Charles R. Callemler; "The
Outlook," William K. Guthrie); solo, "Bo
hemian Lied," Vaclav Bazatti; commencement
address, Rev. Frank S. Brysh of Alameda
presentation of diplomas by the Rev. fir'
William B. Noble, president of the board of
trustees; hymn; benediction.
Last night the graduates of former
years held a reunion and banquet at the
Occidental Hotel in this City. The Rev.
George D. B. Stewart presided as toast
master. Speeches were made by the Rev.
Dr. William Alexander, the Rew Dr.
Thomas P. Day, the Rev. Dr. James
Curry, the Rev. G. W. Lyons, and others.
Those present, and the year of their
graduation from the seminary, were as
follows :
Rev. George D. B. Stewart '92, Rev. J.
Anthony Mitchell '76, Rev. J. K. Innzawa '94
David Jacks, director; Rev. Ellsworth L. Rich
'96, Rev. O. fc>. Barnuni '96. Rev. R. c. Stone
'90, Rev. R. W. Reynolds '96, Professor
Thomas F. Day, D.D. ; Row Edward Eccleslon
'96, Mrs. Edward Eccleston '75, Rev. Jame3
Curry, D.D., '75; Professor William Alexander,
D.D. ; Mrs. William Alexander, Professor C. (J.
Buck, George G. Eldredge, Rev. G. W. Lyons
director: I'rofessor John H. Kerr, Professor
Warren 11. Landon, D.D. ; Mrs. W. 11. Laiidon
U. H. Wood.
The Rev. Allsworth L. Rich, one of to
day's graduates, will be remembered as
Stanford's creat tackle of '91 and '92; he
was also the all-round athlete of the Uni
versity of the Pacific, which he attended
previous to his graduation from Stanford
in 1893.
Warren is located on the highest landin
Illinois, 1005 feet.
BRAND NEW MEDICOS
Eleven Get Their Diplomas
From Hahneman Col
lege.
CLASS NUMBER THIRTEEN.
Appropriate Exercises to Mark the
Completion of the Course and
the Start for Fame.
Eleven new doctors emerged frpm the
chrysalis state last evening, and having
received their diplomas are now ready to
open offices. They formed the graduating
class of the Hahneman Hospital C'olleee,
the thirteenth since the college opened,
and the degree of M. D. was conferred
upon them in N. S. G. W. Hall with fitting
ceremony.
There was no lack of attendance, the
hall was tilled to the doors; there was no
lack of applause nor of congratulations
and frasrant flowers, and intermingled
were choice words of advice and warning
from those who are turning from the end
of the path which the graduates are just
entering.
Professor William Simpson, M.D., of
San Jose, delivered the address of wel
come. He extended greeting to the au
dience which had assembled to cheer ana
enthuse the graduates as they took their
first step forward, not as college Meddlings,
but as men and women fit to battle with
the most dreaded enemies of the race —
pain and death.
Continuing, Dr. Simpson said :
Your alma mater has said you are prepared
for the contest. In the presence of this army
of cheering and supporting friends; before
these footlights and in the flush of success in
passing the crucial and dreuded test. of your
examinations the answer seems ensy, but in
the quiet of your own closet, in the inmost
sanctuary of ycur very souls, in the sickroom,
in the chamber where the life of the mother
and her unborn babe depends upon the
rapidity of your thought and the deftness of
yourhiind; in the hushed and awful chamber
of death — death from whom there can be no
escape— death, before whom all must yield,
whether they be ti.e young, ihe beautiful or
the gifted, a relentless enemy, insisting upon
having his victim. How under these circum
stances will you answer to God and to your
own conscience?
When you go out from this hall to-night with
till' right to enter upon this light fully con
ferred, if you nre satisfied with your prepara
tion, if you are full of self-coulidenec and be
lieve that with your student life your studies
are ended, tear your diplomas Into fragments
and seek some occupation where conceit out
ranks brains. You have already worn out
your welcome, and mine and that of your alma
mater and of the whole profession is yours no
longer. You are preparing to use it most un
worthily and it is withdrawn.
If you so faithfully perform your work that
you compel those who meet you to sny, "I am
proud 10 know you," "You are on honor to
the profession," at the last there will be friends
to take up the lost thread for yoa and the tears
that fall for yau will not be the forced drops of
hired mourners, but the real evidence of the
loving regret your life work has earned.
Rev. George E. Walk delivered an ad
dress in which he compared the physician,
or the minister of the body, to the clergy
man, the minister of the soul. Each
should be above reproach, he said, for the
man who cures the consciences need be no
better morally than he who enters the
privacy of a home to cure the ailing body.
Frank Coflin rendered two vocal selec
tions, ana at the close of the programme
the graduates were handed their diplomas
and then together they subscribed to the
hippocratic oath.
The graduates were: Hessie Crosby
Armstrong of (Jranville, Ohio; Frank
Luce Bateman and Lillie Boldeman, of
San Francisco; Mary Dun lap Chisholm of
Wentwortu. Nova Scotia; Harriett How
ell of Los Gatos, Cal.; Mary Elien Hof
iuann of Philadelphia, Pa. ; Jera Morton
Mansfield of Napa, Cal.; John Brian Mc-
Nally of San FrancißCo; Clarence Denver
Potter, CharJes Kendall Small and Alda
Inez Thompson, of Oakland.
Carnival Bate* to Santa Rosa.
Special excursion trains are being run to
Santa Rosa by the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railway in order to accommodate those
desiring to attend the rose carnival at that
city. Tickets are on saie for the round trip for
92, good until Saturday inclusive going and
until Sunday for returning. On Friday, when
the floral parade lakes place at Santa Rosa,
round-trip tickets will be sold for $1, and this
rate will also prevail on Saturday— bicycle day
at the carnival.
The first deaf-mute school in Great Brit
ain was established at Edinburgh in 1773,
THEY RESIGNED
BY WHOLESALE.
Surprises at the French
Benevolent Society
Election.
WEILL WAS DISGUSTED.
Besides the President Nine Di
rectors Gave Up Their
Portfolios.
NEW SURGEON AND SPECIALIST
De Marville and Mayer Borne to
Victory on a Tidal Wave
of Excit ment.
The spirit of unrest of the French Min
istry flashed over from the home country
as by heliograph, intensified by the (5000
miles traversed, could not have raised
more "Cain" than the proceedings of the
meeting of the Societe Francaise de Bien
faisanee Mutuelle, held last evening at 318
Post street.
This is the greatest organization the
French have on this coast, numbering
nearly 1000 members on its roll, and it has
been in existence for more than thirty
years.
As the name would indicate it is purely
a benevolent association, the benefits of
which are principally the subscribers or
members' privileges to enjoy the use of
the French Hospital or to have its visiting
physicians call at their domicile.
Quite recently— not over three weeks
ago— an election was held by the members
to select an executive committee of fifteen
members and resident as well as visiting
physicians.
The by-laws of the society require that
all candidates must receive a majority of
the votes cast to be elected, and on this
proposition a rock was struck which is
likely to shake the entire institution to
such an extent that younger and more ener
getic timber will have to be put into it to
save it from destruction.
Drs. G. Gross and Bourgougnon de Mnr
ville, two highly esteemed and capable
physicians, were in opposition for the post
of visiting physician.
Dr. Gross had held the office for nearly
a dozen years and de Marville, who is
comparatively k new man in this country
and wih. the society, made no effort to
j-ecure election. He polled a heavy vote,
however. To be sure it was not enough
to eiect him, but it crippled Dr. Gross 7
vote considerably. The latter was de
clared elected, but one of the de Marville
faction noticing that Grops' vote did not,
show a majority of those cast demurred to
his taking office.
This strange state of affairs came about
in ' us wise: There were 505 votes cast,
the majority required being 278 votes.
Gross got only 273, owing to the fact that
G7 votes cast on the total were declared
illegal by the election board.
To test whether Dr. Gross is entitled to
his seat the matter was recently brought
up before Judge Slack, and is to be Heard
on May 4.
This friction -was but an opening to last
night's shake up.
The executive committee of fifteen mem
bers were in session to select a resident
surgeon for the hospital, a position which
lias been held for a number of terms by
Dr. Charles Brigham. It was a pretty
well understood thing that he would be
re-elected, when the bombshell exploded.
Brigham's friends were not prompt
enough to close the nominations, and
some ore blurted out:
"I place Dr. Bourgougnon de Marville
in nomination.''
The move caught on like a feather to a
muddy stick. The young physician's
popularity and the fact that he was known
to De a satisfactory candidate to nianv of
the voters at the last election pushed him
to the front.
The vote was CBst and, to the consterna
tion of President Sylvain Weill, and, in
fact, of some of the others, De Marville
was elected on the first ballot.
There was an immediate hubbub and a
motion for reconsideration, which was sat
upon.
President Weill, the strongest supporter
of Dr. Bryham, felt quite sore and was not
backward in expressing his sorrow that
such an old practitioner and servant of
the society had been voted out.
But this was not all. The last straw fol
lowed soon after. Dr. Samuel Boyd came
up supposedly as the only candidate as
specialist. But the eruptions had not
ceased. Somebody again, in a spirit of
fun or contradiction, placed Dr. Oscar J.
Mayer in nomination, ami he was carried
to victory on the tidal- wave.
"Ca e'est trop fort!" exclaimed Presi
dent Weill, rising to the occasion. Then,
hesitating a few seconds and viewing the
assemblage, he remarked:
"Gentlemen, I herewith desire to pre
sent my resignation as president and as a
director of the Societe Francaise de Bien
faisance Mutuelle."
The levity and gibes indulged in prior to
this were bushed. Each member realized
the loss the society was incurring and
protests innumerable were beard on all
sides, but Mr. Weill would not withdraw
his resignation.
At this juncture the strangest of
all things occurred. One after the other
ten members of the directory, eight of
whom had voted for the candidates who
were objectionable to Mr. Weill, jumped
up and like so many firecrackers snapped
out their respective resignations. The
scene was a lively one, and when it was
all over the dazed members grouped in
twos and threes to discuss results.
As the matter stands the president and
Secretary J. Deschamps are out and there
is no one to call the next general meeting,
which alone can replace them.
The only four members left in the di
rectory out of tifteen are :
P. Carnes, J. Bergez, C. A. Lemoine and
L. Bocqueraz.
Those who resigned besides President
Weili are: I. Culnin, E. Messager, J.
Deschamps, O. Bozio, L. Carraine, F.
Fagothey, F. Queyrel, F. A. Bergerot, M.
Rooa and A. O.rtion.
COLD AT LAKE TAHOE.
:<-•■• • . ■•■•■ ■ ■'. .
Even the Fish Seem to Be Frozen Out,
and Hare -Tot .Yet Commenced '
Running.
Deputy Fish Commissioner E. W. Hunt
writes from Lake Tahoe as follows:
-, Board }of Fish , Commissioners— Gentlemen:
Since my last letter of April 21 we i have > had
very stormy weather, there being a heavier fall
of snow last Thursday and Friday than at any
time , during last winter. Thirty inches of
snow fell at Tallac and thirty-eight inches at
Tahoe City. ■. I have taken 1,250,000 eggs up
to date, and they are doing nicely. The water
in the creek is so cold that no fish are running
yet and very few coming in outside. ; Fish are
not running yet at Blackwocd.<Over sixty
inches of snow fell there during the last storm.
'. -:--.v' '.: :• > — — - ; - ■:■■■' - : ':-
In a Private Asylum.
E. I. Mahoney, the wholesale liquor mer
chant, was not sent to Agnews asylum as stated
at the time of his commitment. His brother
in-law, Policeman T. J. Dugan, ha<l him taken
to Whitwell's private asjlnm in 9an Mateo,
where ho is rapidly recovering.
NEW TO-DAY.
MIYON'S
RHEUMATISM
CURE
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure is guaran-
teed to be absolutely harmless and a strong
tonic in building up the weak and de-
bilitated. It cures acute or muscular
rheumatism in from one to five days.
Sharp, shooting pains in any part of the
body stopped by a few doses. A prompt,
complete and permanent cure for lame-
ness, soreness, stiff back and all pains in hips
and loins. Chronic rheumatism, sciatica,
lumbago or pain in the back are speedily
cured. It seldom fails to give relief from
one or two doses, and almost invariably
cures before one bottle has been used.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure is guaranteed
to cure all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach trouble. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
forms of kidney disease. *
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1.
Ask your druggist for free copy of Mun-
yon's Guide to Health, and treat yourself
at home with harmless remedies that con-
tain positive cures for all diseases. Sold
by all druggists, mostly at 25 cents a bottle.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
ftCf\AGt\PitlfjfQ
Eis B *#« MS fl n WUpLn it  m
| §Jw DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY— DISEASES OF MEN, INCLUD-
ingiill forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dls-
e«Bes. Over 20 years' experience. Book sent free.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Office
Hours, 9to :( daily: 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sundays,
10 to 1-. Consultation free nnd sacredly confiden-
tial. Call, or address
B*. ROKi'OK McJSUIiTr. W. »..
23% Krarn.v Street, Sun Franclaco, Cal.
Ith^s rolled into pu me favor
BujLK^^^^^k BuBI sis KAfl ■ : ■. -
The largest piece of
Good tobacco
ever sold for io cents
•BOBOieiea«BCßeß«o®ceß99oß«i«ießeßGßeß©ieß©ioH©i©Beif
■ NOW READY: S
I \» MARK TWAIN oe. \
a An article on this popular author by his long-time friend " ®
S Rev. Dr. JOSEPH H. TWICHELL ! J
2 With Portrait and Other Illustrations. . •
5 . HOWARD PYLE JACQUES DE MORGAN ' S
• ?fSSSS l 51&TOS» P SS r ' Wbtha ." tOiy the pto.o giB t describe, his important "
■ ' covenes during 1895 in a paper called n
■; THROUGH INLAND WATERS "
5 by canal-boat, from New York to Lake Cham- THE DASHUR EXPLORATIONS ■
mt plain, during which he sketched bits of pictar- '.■;••-:•
0 esqne life and landscape by the way. With Illustrations and Maps. •' 5
2 England and America in 1863 : A Chapter in the life of Cyrus W. Field g
• Showing the attitude or England toward the Civil War in America, In two letters written In •
9 1862 and 18« by WILLIAM E. GLADSTONE to the late Ctkcs W. Fiild. ■
■ : " : .- - ' •' .' - . - y. r '•■.-. m
• An analysis of The English Crisis is Professor WOODROW WILSON has an- •
9 contributed by an Eastern diplomatist. | other Paper on George Washington. - «
o ■ ■:'-■- ■ ' ■ ■ S
■ SHORT STORIES 2
• By MARY E.WILKINS, JULIAN RALPH.and HARRIET LEWIS BRADLEY «
■ ■ •• . - ■ • . ■■ ' ~* - ■. S
9 '* Hi TUB g.
% MAY NUMBER g
1 HARPER'S MAGAZINE j
<c FOR SALE EVERYWHERE HARPER & BROTHERS, Publisher!, New York a
■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•BOiefl«l«l«l«l«l«l«B«l«l«|«|«|«||9iS
_. , , ■ ■■■ , : THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASOS
There s only one sort of | —
metal beds that Adams & | THE LADIES' GRILLROOM
Westlake don't make — i — THE
poorood, ! PALACE HOTEL
S^2^, FDInmOMCOIIPAST DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM UUEI SI
U7 Geary Street, . OPEN UNTIL SIIDKIGUT.
' I OPEN UKTII. MIDXIGUT.
SEW TO-PAT:
<V^RS FAI L
DOCTOR iWEANY.
i ME IS ACKNOWLEDGED TO BE THE HOST
' ■ * successful Specialist of the age in me
; treatment of all Nervous. Chronic and Private
[ diseases of both sexes. Lost Manhood, Vital
Losses, Exhausting Drains, Impotency and
all sexual disorders of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED
; and OLD MEN a life-long study and practice.
i Special attention given to diseases of the Eye,
Ear, Head, Heart, Throat, Stomach. Liver ami
i Bowels; Kidney, Bladder and Urinary Organs.
Prompt and perfect cures guaranteed. The
i worthy poor of the city are welcome to his best
professional services on Friday afternoons of
> every week, free and without cost. Call or
write. Offices permanently located
, 737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Baja California
Dam Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for tv»
sexual and urinary organs of 'both sexes, and a
frre&t remedy {or diseases of the kidneys and blad-
| der. A great Restorative, Invlgoratorand Nervlna,
I Bells on its own Merita— no long-winded testi-
j monials necessary.
->,ii>i-.K, ALPS & BKUNK, Agent*,
333 Market St., S. F.— (send for Circular.)
JfUßaaßMt wijlcox COMPOUND
TANSY*FILLS
„ ■ . M Safe and SURE. Always reliable. Talc*
nosnbstltate. Forsalebyalldrnßslsts. *2.00. Send
4c. for Woman' » Safeguard. WIi.COX SPECIFIC
CO., 228 SOUTH EIGHTH ST., PHI LA DA., PA.
910
MILLIONS MAY
COME TO HER
Miss Eleanor Calhoun, the
Heiress of Andrew
J. Davis.
DETECTIVES AT WORK.
A Famous Will Contest Which
Is Now Rapidly Drawing
to a Close.
A COMPROMISE MAY RESULT.
Something About the Celebrated
Struggle for the Butte
Miner's Wealth.
Strong interest has been revived in the
celebrated contest over the $4,000,000 estate
of Andrew J. Davis, the deceased million
aire, late of Butte, Montana, who died
indrew J. Davis, t :e Butie Miner Whose Millions May Be Harmoniously Divided
in the >"ear Future.
about six years ago, by the knowledge that
during the past few weeks detectives have
been at work in this State endeavoring to
secure evidence to be used against Mrs.
Huida Snell-Davis of Tehachapi, who
claims to be the widow of the deceased
millionaire, and Mrs. Mary Isabella Mor
row of Fresno and Mrs. Laura A. Caihoun
of this City, daughters of Mrs. Snell-Davis.
With what success the trial of the case,
which is expected to take place before the
summer vacation of the Montana court,
will determine.
At this juncture, too, Miss Eleanor Cal
houn, granddaughter of Millionaire Davis,
arrives from New York. Yesterday she
stated that she was in hopes that a com
promise would be brought about. Miss
Caihqun has suffered from a complete loss
of voice and comes to recruit her strength
with a period of rest in congenial sur
roundings.
Thus far the developments in this case
have been of a most romantic and extraor
dinary character, and the future, judging
from the determined manner in which
tne various contestants are at work, prom
ises to be productive of even more sensa
tional facts and incidents.
From dispatche? recently out to different
parties in the United States from Helena,
Mont., it appears that Mr. Cavanaugh,
the Montana resident attorney of Mrs.
Snell-Davis and her two daughters, is
about to bring up for trial the contest,
which he has filed on their behalf to the
will of Andrew J. Davis.
Mr. Davis was a man who presumably
died a bachelor, leaving a very large es
tate, which he had amassed in Montana
Bnd other places. It consists of the prin
cipal ownership and stock of the First
National Bank of Butte City, Mont., and
the principal interest in the most promi
nent bank of Helena, Mont. He also left
a very valuable mine, which was paying
large returns, and cash in the safe deposit
vaults in Boston to the amount of over a
million and a quarter.
Although Mr. Davis died in March, 1890,
his estate has never got out of the hands
of the special administrator. The reason
for this is that some time after his death
a Bomewhat clumsily drawn will on rough
paper, evidently hastily jotted down, came
into the possession of a woman who had
kept it back.
This will was filed for probate and gave
the bulk of his property to one of his
brothers, thus cutting off six other broth
ers and five sisters, or their descendants,
who all immediately combined, with few
exceptions, to attack the will.
There were three contests filed by three
different sets of these collateral neirs.
Robert G. Ingersoll led the contest for the
iirst set of contestants and a jury trial en
sued lasting over three months and at a
cost to both sides of over $100,(XK). Car
loaas of witnesses were brought from dif
ferent parts of the United States and the
expenses were very great in every respect
The trial resulted in a disagreement of the
jury, which stood, it is claimed, eight
against and four in favor of the will.
On hearing of this Mr. Root, a nephew
of Mr. Davis, who was a clerk in his bank,
claimed that Mr. Davis had made him a
gift in contemplation of his death of a tin
box full of certain bank stock, valued at
over a million dollars. Judge Knowles, a
friend of the deceased, testified that he
heard Mr. Davis tell nis nephew, "This is
for you," at tbe same time handing him
the box containing the securities. Trie
lower court decided In favor of Mr. Root,
riving him this slice of the fortune.
Tile case has since been taken up to the
Supreme Court of Montana on appeal.
Another interesting controversy arose in
connection with the estate in behalf of Pet
Davis, claiming to be an illegitimate
child of Mr. Davis.
Subsequently the contestants repre
sented by Mr. Ingersoll settled their dif
ferences with the brother, who was given
the bulk of the estate under the will, and
they riled a consent to admit the will to
probate with the understanding that the
estate was to be divided between the
brother mentioned in the will and this
particular set of contestants to the exclu
sion of all other brothers and siatars.
In the meantime the other contestants
not knowing that this was going on relied
on the Ingersoll contestants to conduct the
contest, and the first thing they knew was
that the contest was dismissed for the
want of prosecution, thus leaving the field
clear apparently to the favored brother
ana the few contestants who had settled
with him.
The story of the woman who claimed to
be the widow of the deceased millionaire
is the most interesting chapter of this
whole case. Her maiden name Bhe states
was Queen and that she was the daughter
of a tarrner. Her story then is that on
April 15, 1842. in the County of Carroll,
Arkansas, she was married to Andrew J.
Davis, and that two children was born to
thorn, viz.: those who are now Mrs. M. f.
Morrow and Mrs. Laura A. Calhoun. Hr.
Davis she represents as having been of a
very eccentric character, who would ab
sent himself from home for a large part of
the time. In 1849 he left her, saying he
was going to California. Just when he
did go is not known. He was known to be
here from early in the 50's until far into
1856. She supposed he was dead, and
after about three years she married aeain,
but not until she had heard that he was
dead.
She came to Fort Tejon, Cal., ahout
1854. In 1855, while she vtas living there,
A. J. Davis came to see her, and told her
he had been successful in miDing and
other enterprises, and blamed her for
again marrying, while she blamed him for
not keeping her posted on his movements.
He saw the children, spoke to them and
told them who he was. After making
them all presents of some gold he went
away. She heard nothing more of him
until she heard of his death in Butte.
Alter his death persons who were inter
ested in her behalf took to her quite a
large number of different photographs of
men, and among them was that of the de
ceased millionaire. This woman, Mrs.
Snell-Davis, looked them over, and imme
diately recognized that of Andrew J. Da
vis as her husband.
Among the interesting features of the
case is the fact that Nellie Calhoun, to
whom William 11. Hearst, the proprietor
of this City and of the Journal of New
York City, was reported to be encaged, is
the daughter of Mrs. Laura A. Caihoun,
and the alleged granddaughter of the de
ceased Montana millionaire.
Those who are opposed to the claims of
the alleged widow and her daughters deny
in toto the claims of Airs. Snell-Davis.
They allege that her husband was an
Abraham Davis and of a different family
altogether, and that he had no connection
whatever with Andrew J. Davis, the de
ceased millionaire. They further state
that they can prove the residence else
where of the Montana DaMs^ during the
time it is claimed he went to Arkansas and
married Miss Queen.
It is the brothers and sisters of the de
ceased millionaire who have sent detectives
to this State to investigate the claims of
Mrs. Snell-Davis and her daughters.
In the meantimo the special administra
tor and the fortunate nephew of Mr.
Davis are in the enjoyment and control of
the estate and have great influence in the
part of Montana where they reside and do
business
Lloyd Tevis of this City has been for a
long time in negotiation with the purpose
in view of rendering the necessary finan
cial aid to the California claimants in
return for a certain percentage of the
amount to which they may establish their
claim. At the present time the attorneys
for Mrs. Snell-Davis and her daughters are
Alva E. Snow of Fresno, ex-Judge Harris
of Fresno and James M, Haven of Haven
& Haven of this City.
BEFORE THE GRAND JURY
The Board of Health Has Been
Called For to Hold a
Conference.
City and County Hospital Supplies
Will Be Investigated as Well
as Other Matters.
The recent visit of the Grand Jury to the
City and County Hospital and Almshouse
is apparently about to bear fruit in the
way of a conference between the jury and
the Board of Health.
Suortly after the visit mentioned the
Grand Jury sent a communication to the
board, in which mismanagement in the
City and County Hospital was plainly
charged, and it was intimated that a rigid
investigation of the institution would be
carried out. The secretary of the Grand
Jury notified the secretary of the board
that a conference was desired immediately,
but as Dr. Mor-e was in San Luis Obispo
the matter was deferred until Friday next,
when all of the members will be in the
City.
The matters that will be particularly in
quired into are the quality of the supplies
furnished the institution by the contract
ors, to whom contracts are let by the
Board of Supervisors, and the necessity of
the training school for nurses, which costs
the City several thousands per year. The
jury is under the impression that the sup
plies, at least in some instances, are far
below the standard called for in the ad
vertised bids, and desires to sift the re
sponsibility and place it on the right
shoulders. The members believe that
Superintendent Stable should have re
jected many articles of food that they saw
at the hospital.
The training school will come in for
close scrutiny, because the jurymen believe
that the money spent on it could be better
employed in hiring help to keep the insti
tution in a cleanly condition.
The man with the theory that luck will
even up in the long run is still trying to
borrow a dollar with which to test his
theory.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1896.
TWO DISTRICT SQUABBLES
The Republican Fifth Congres
sional Committee Listens
to Contests.
WILL SETTLE THINGS TO-DAY.
Factions in the Thirty-Seventh and
Fortieth Make Charges Which
Are Denied.
The Congressional committee of the
Fifth District wrestled all day yesterday
with two Assembly district squabbles in
this City, and, not getting through with
the hearing of testimony and arguments,
adjourned until 10 a. m. to-day without
passing any judgments or taking any of
ficial action.
At the meeting to-day the committee,
which is a canvassing and returning board,
with authority over all contests arising
out of the selection of delegates to ihe
coming State Convention, will decide the
contests from the Thirty-seventh, Fortieth
and Forty-first Assembly districts of San
Francisco, give final judgment in the
County Committee returns of convention
delegates from Santa Clara and San Mateo
counties and from the seven districts of
San Francisco lying within the Fifth Con
gressional district, and issue credentials
to the delegates.
But four of the seven members of the
committee were present when the meeting
was called to order at 11 a. m. in the law
office of John E. Richards in the Crocker
building. The four were James W. Rea,
chairman; John E. Richards, secretary;
Robert Tophtz and Al Stetson.
There were on hand a throng of factional
Republicans from the Thirty-seventh and
Fortieth districts. It was decided to hear
the Fortieth District contest first and the
Fortieth District crowd stayed and grew,
while the little army from the Thirty
seventh withdrew to return with re-enforce
ments in the afternoon.
These contests are wholly confined in
their party significance to their respective
districts and represent no schism or oppo
sition extending beyond the question of
district control and recognition among
district elements.
In each case the contestants represent
small minorities, which, before the pri
maries, refused the measure of representa
tion on the regular tickets offered them by
the other elements which made up the
regular district delegations to the State
Convention. In each case the contestants
put up opposition tickets which, the con
testants admit, received comparatively
small minorities of the votes legitimately
cast. The contestants, however, allege, in
each case, that the frauds were perpetrated
by the representatives of the majority
factions in control of the election machin
ery, and the contests are based on these
charges of fraud rather tiian on any claim
tbat the contestants would have received
a majority of the votes cast, if all had gone
fairly.
In each case the most that is hoped for
is that the Congressional Committee will,
in the belief that frauds were really com
mitted by somebody, and in the interest of
harmony, award the contestants portions
of the delegation. The victorious fac
tions naturally oppose with vigor such a
step. In both districts the A. P. A. and
ami- A 1 . P. A. elements cut a partial figure
in the alignment of forces.
The Fortieth District is the one repre
sented in the County Committee by Jesse
L. Marks, who has acted in harmony with
the County Committee and who used his
influence in giving ail elements in his dis
trict as fair a division of representation as
couid be Drought about amid the exigen
cies of district politics.
The contestants from this district were
loud and indignant and the regulars were
just as loud and indignant later. The
charges were that repeaters operated all
day in the interest of the regular ticket;
that challenges were ignored and that
generally the regulars, having the inside,
carried things by usual primary election
methods. The gist of the evidence was:
"You did" and "we didn't."
O. W. Winthrop was spokesman for the
I contestants. He offered a petition alleg
j ing frauds and asking that the election be
I declared void and that the committee ap
j point a delegation. He stated that he hud
affidavits in support of the charges of
fraud, and callei as a wimesH H. H.
! Holmes, who was one of the opposition
candidates for delegate and who acted as
a challenger ai one of the polling places.
He said that he .«aw a number of men
vote three or four times and that the name
of M. H. de Young was voted several
I times. Other witnesses for the con
testants gave similar testimony. On cross
examination Holmes admitted that the
opposition polled but ten votes at one
polling-place and sixty-six at the other
and the regulars made a Btrong point on
this showing of residual equity.
County Committeeman Jesse Marks
testified at length and with positive ness
that the election had been fair, that all
challenges had been allowed and that the
vote was honestly counted. All the charges
were denied in detail. Holmes and Irving
of the opposition admitted that at the
upper end everything was fairly conducted
and that the alleged frauds were confined
to the lower end.
Marks was supported by the similar tes
timony of B. D. Pike, John Carson, B. F.
Miller, John 0. Nobmann, W. L. Cole,
Thomas Eager, William Wilkinson and H.
W. Miller of the regular delegates; by
William Klinger, Joseph Peckman, O. G.
Hallett and Frank Bauer, election officers,
and by other witnesses.
The Fortieth District was taken under
advisement and then the committee took
lunch.
The- fight in the Thirty-seventh District
is more bitter and complicated than that
of the Fortieth, and is decorated with
more of the picturesqueness of district
politics. It took the committee from 2to
6:30 p. m. to hear what the factions had to
offer.
James Alva Watt is the County Coramit
teeman from this district, and during the
anteprimary skirmishing made every ef
fort to get the faction led by Ed Donnelly
and some others to accept two or three
delegates and become a sample of harmony.
They demanded four delegates or a fight,
and the fight came.
Two or three times in the afternooon the
regulars showed a disposition to let into
the record a story that two years ago Don
nelly was with the top and victorious in
side, and that his protest describing the
frauds charged was a mild description of
the primary of 18y4, but the committee
wouldn't admit any irrelevant bygones.
The contest displayed the presence on
both sides of Republicans of high char
acter, eminent respectability and honesty
of purpose, and between them were sand
wiched, in story and in person, representa
tives of the "push."
Judge Marcus J. Waldheimer appeared
as* chief prosecutor for the contestants, and
bis spirit was fair, though strong. James
Alva Watt handled the case for the regu
lftrs, assisted by Attorney George A. Went
worth.
Besides the charges of frauds in the way
of repeating, there was as a basis of the
contest the charge that the opposition was
not given representation on the boards of
election officers, or given tickets admitting
their watchers to the polling-places. I
The charges of fraud were not only vig
orously denied by the regulars, but testi
mony was piled up to the effect that the
opposition massed at the polls a gang of
toughs, including Hector Brodie and oth
ers from the water front, and John O' Shea,
a member of the Buckley General Com
mittee, who acted as challenger for the
opposition, all of whom attempted and
committed fraud. Watt's showing was
further that Donnelly presented no nomi
nations for election otlicers, as he was told
to do, before they were appointed by the
County Committee, and that while the
representatives of the opposition were not
entitled to cards of admission through
.having failed to comply with conditions
prescribed in the election call, he h"»d of
fered to let their representatives inside
anyway, and did do so.
Ed Donnelly's testimony was lengthy,
but under Watt's cross-examination it
somewhat petered oat into a general state
ment that he knew that repeating had
been done.
Dr. O'Connell, a vigorous young man,
said that he saw one man vote seven times,
and concluded to protest when he tried it
the eighth time.
Attorney Wentworth asked if "Windy
Dick" Stapleton and Jack Short were not
working for the opposition ticket all day,
but the witness didn't know.
"Do you know, doctor," asked John E.
Richards, "whether the bona-fide Repub
lican voters of trie district turned out gen
erally on that day?"
"Well, I understand so," was the reply.
The witness had seen no RepuDlican re
fused an opportunity to vote.
James E. Fields declared, that in a saloon
he saw a vote mill where cards were given
out to repeaters, but he couldn't tell the
name of anybody who had voted anybody
else's name. He gave the information that
the opposition threw up its hands and
quit at 3 p. m.
Chief Wharfinger George W. Root was
one of the main witnesses, as he was one
of the leading figures smonj: the oppo
sition. He was charged with having got
Hector Brodie and Tommy Lenihan to
bring a gang from the water front into the
district. He said that he did not ask
Brodie and Lenihan to go there but solely
to help spot people.
Martin Donovan and John H. Kelly,
watchers for the opposition, gave testi
mony for the opposition about repeating
which became general assertions under
cross-examinatton.
For the regulars Charles H. "Ward, in
spector at polling - place 1, submitted
an affidavit that John O'Shea and. others
did various wrongs in behalf of the oppo
sition; that no challenges were allowed;
that Democrats and non-residents swore
in their votes in behalf of the opposition
and that the election was fairly conducted.
There was much testimony about an
alleged howling mob that vainly repre
sented the opposition and about frauds,
gangs and threats of stealing the ballot
box.
R. C. McLennon, Paul Fowler, James
Toomey and Fred Eggers testified, and then
James Alva Watt made a brief and com
prehensive statement, in which he demon
strated the fairness which had been shown
to an intractable opposition, and with
which the election had been conducted.
There was no charge that the opposition
ticket would have been elected, anyhow.
The opposition wanted time to present
further evidence, and adjournment was
taken until this morning at 10 o'clock.
The committee will not probably con
sume much time to-day over the farcical
contest filed by Leon Dennery, the ex-
County Committeeman of the^Forty -first
District.
THE REPUBLIC IS LOST.
Return of the Fearless and Vigi
lant After a Vain Search
for Her.
She Probably Capsized in Saturday's
Gale and Went Down
Bodily.
The tugs Fearless and Vigilant got back
from a four days' cruise after the British
ship Republic last night. The vessel was
burned at sea when 250 miles off the coast,
and the tugs were sent out to look for her
after Captain Hughes had abandoned her.
When the tugs went out Captain Has
kell, in the Fearless, took the north and
west course, while Captain Randell, in the
Vigilant, took the south and east direc
tion. Neither tug spoke the other one
until yesterday morning, when, after
scouring 100 miles of ocean each, they
gave up the search and headed for San
Francisco. When a few miles off the Faral
lones they ran across each other and came
back into port almost neck and neck.
"1 don't think the Republic is above
water," said Captain Dan Haskell last
night. "Saturday and Sunday it was ter
ribly rough and squally, and if the burn
ing Republic was then afloat she would
not have lived an hour. Sunday night
and Monday last the weather was beauti
ful, and we had a splendid time, but saw
no sign of the burning ship. We could
see for over fifteen miles, and I spoke the
bark Don in &.47 north, 126.15 west. She
was on her way from Puget Sound for
South Africa, and I had no trouble in
making her out. Tuesday morning I
spoke the schooner Bertie Minor in lati
tude 36.30 north, longitude 124. 10 west, and
the captain reported 'all well.' "
Captain Clem Randell reports that in the
position in which the" Republic was
abandoned he saw'a floating spar, and the
chances are that it was part of the burning
ship. Insurance men and ship-owners are
now satisfied that the Republic has filled
ana gone down. She is never expected to
be heard f rom again.
Superintendent Hawley of the Spreckels'
line is going to have a new means of get
ting information from the ocean. A
pigeon cote is to be built at the Oceanic
dock and every steamer that goes out on a
long cruise will take a homing bird. For
instance, the Australia for Honolulu and
the Alarneda, Mariposa and Monowai for
Australasia will take birds out with them
for a couple of hundred miles and they
will then be released. If any vessel is in
sight or in distress the news will come at
once to Spreckels' dock and a tug will be
sent out. It will be the same in the case
of tags, and the Fearless and Vigilant will
be able in this manner to keep the office
posted.
Reunion at Mills College.
The graduates and former pupils of Mills
Seminary and College are invited to spend
next Saturday, May 'Z. "founder's day," at the
old house. It any have failed to receive invi
tations they will still consider vhat they are
cordially invited. From the City they should
tate the 9 and 10 o'clock boats and Oakland
local traia to Fruitvale, thence by the Califor
nia Railroad to Mills College station.
DEMOCRATS ON
THE PRESIDENCY.
No Candidate Yet Rides on
a Wave of Popular
Favor.
THE FIELD WIDE OPEN.
The Party Is Not Getting Up
Any Enthusiasm About It,
Anyway.
CARLISLE'S FEDERAL BRIGADE.
Leading Local Democrats Have All
Sorts of Ideas and No Ideas
About Candidates.
There is in the local Democratic ranks
no general enthusiastic wave of favor for
any man who might be exalted to the seat
which Jefferson and Jackson and Grover
have occupied if this were a Democratic
year.
Local Democrats don't know whom they
want for President.
In that they are like the Democrats of
the entire country. It is remarkable and
yet not remarkable that here at about the
Ist of May no Democratic boom for any
favorite son has caused enough stir in
Democratic waters to rock a ship.
The Democratic party is not displaying
any particular hurry about anything, "feel
ing any severe itching for the Chicago con
vention or any deep thrills over the ap
proaching election.
Among local Democrats we may easily
get the impression that the party realizes
that it is going to be banged, and that it is
going to make the best of it. It is making
about as much fuss as a clam in a clam
digger's tin pail. Most of the local Demo
cratic politicians feel that there is nothing
to be gained in National politics this year,
and so they are turning their ambitions
and energies to the local situation, in the
hope of being able to capture a few muni
cipal offices. The active interest in the
coming State Convention is due to its in
fluence on the factional fortunes of the
local party in municipal politics. On this
cff-Democratic year few are aspiring to be
sent to Chicago to spend several hundred
dollars and vote for a loser.
There are of course still other reasons
for the general party stolidity in refer
ence to Presidential candidates, though
this is the main one. The Republicans
are to move first at St. Louis, and the
Democrats will want to see what is done
there. Then the financial question is one
from which the party is yet shrinking,
and about which it is early to tell what is
best to be done. The strongly threaten
ing danger of a wide-opan split in the
National Convention, the uncertainties
that yet attend many State conventions
and tne uncertainties of what will come
from the actions of the free silver party
| and its late National Convention at St.
Louis are also things that repress any for
wardness in Presidential booms.
Cleveland seems reliably out of the race.
lowa will present Boies, or at least the
silver element of the party will. Pattison
will be Pennsylvania's favorite son. Mas
sachusetts has set up its young executive,
Russell. Morgan is talked of amid the tele
grams about his possible death. Whitney
looms up with perhaps especial strength
and promise. Secretary Carlisle has long
been in the field, and the Federal brigades
of the whole country must be either for
him or not against, and David B. Hill is
not without many admirers. The silver
question Drings opposition to many of
these in California and elsewhere.
One will chase around some time in San
Francisco before he finds three Democrats
of both any mind and the same mind on
Democratic candidates.
John Daggett. superintendent of the
Mint, is for Carlisle with all his teeth and
his ten toenails, but he wouldn't say so
for publication yesterday.
"I do not wish to discuss the matter," he
said. "I know nothing about Presidential
candidates and haven't heard any talk
about them."
Others of the Federal brigade were
about equally non-committal when inter
viewed. The uncertainties of the State
Convention — or, perhaps, rather tne cer
tainty—that it will have a majority for
silver while practically ail the adminis
tration forces in the State will back the
gold end, may have something to do with
the reluctance of Federal office-holders
to talk ju%t now.
"I am for the nominee of tho party."
was the way the Collector of Internal
Revenue, O. M. Welburn, discussed Presi
dential candidates.
Said District Attorney H. S. Foote:
"I will support the nominee of the party.
I have no choice for the nomination. 1
am not thinking about men. There are
plenty of distinguished men in the Demo
cratic party capable of filling the great
office of President."
"You are asking me a question, my son,
that I cannot answer," said John H. Wise,
Collector o! the Port, when spoken to on
the subject. "Carlisle is a good man, a
great man and a brilliant statesman, but
just whether he would be acceptable to the
entire California delegation or not I don't
know. Personally I hare no choice in the
matter, and therefore I cannot express an
opinion. As to Cleveland and the third
term proposition that is all nonsense.
Cleveland does not want the nomination
and would not take it if it was offered to
him. He will retire into private life at the
end of his administration, and if the out
cry may be somewhat against him now he
will be revered a generation hence."
"Carlisle will never be the choice of the
Democrats of California," said E. L. Col
non, president of the State Board of Har
bor Commissioners, yesterday. "He is a
great man, a very great man, but his rec
ord on the money question is against him,
and the people of this State will never
tolerate him as a Presidential possibility.
"We have lost confidence in him owing to
his change of front, and confidence once
lost takes a long time to restore. Russell,
Pattison and Boies are all great men, and
stand high in the estimation of their coun
trymen, but they are all in the same boat
with Carlisle. Not one of them will sat
isfy ihe majority of the Democratic voters
of California."
"If Russell. Pattison, Boies and Carlisle
are not available, who in your mind is the
most likely candidate?" was asked.
"Morgan of Alabama," saia President
Colnon without a moment's hesitation.
"He is sound on the money question, and
from my point of view the money question
overshadows every other issue. As I said
before, Carlisle will never be our choice. I
feel strongly on this subject and I am con
fident that a man who will stand up for
sound money will get the nomination."
Bert Schlesinaer, second assistant
United States Attorney, said: <l I favor
any man for the Democratic nomination
that can carry the labor element of the
country with him and who will deal with
the corporations with impartiality."
Louis Loupe, Cuiel Deputy of Internal
Revenue, said : "My individual choice for
the nomination would be Carlisle."
"Whitney and Morgan or Hill and Mor
gan or Whitney and Hill for first place "
said Dr. Joseph Pe^cia, "or almost an"
Western Democrat would suit me. I am
not hard to please, but would like to see
the best men in the party placed on the
ticket. I fancy that the Democrats will be
influenced by the nominations of the St.
Louis convention."
"W. C. Whitney represents my senti
ment, ' said Max Popper. "He is for
sound money and he represents our views
on the tariff. He is young, active and in
telligent, and would make' a safe, reliable
and vigorous President. His record as
Secretary of the Navy demonstrates his
executive ability. I don't think that Car
lisle is physically the equal of Whitney,
for one thing, and I question the advisa
bility of selecting a candidate from out
side of New York. I believe in the pre
sentation of younger men.
"Pattison would be a good candidate,
but next to Whitney I would favor Russell
of i.fassachusetts. I like his courageous
style. So little has been done or formu
lated yet^ that it is hard to make predic
tions. No one has yet developed any par
ticular strength or made any showing of
leadership. Wait for the State conven
tions. I think that the California delega
tion will go and have no idea whom the
favorite here will turn out to be."
"Pattison has the warm place in my
heart," said Alex T. Vogelsang. "I am
a silver man and Pattison is a sound
money man, but I thintc that both the Re
publican and Democratic parties will take
conservative stands on this question. Pat
tison would be a strong candidate on the
Pacific Coast on account of his record as a
member of the Government Railroad Com
mission. His minority report on the af
fairs of the Central "and Union Pacific
roads burns yet. Russell is a likely man.
Both of these are good and young and
strong men.
"Carlisle* is not as strong as either,
though a better or a more upright man
than John Griffin Carlisle does not live.
He is one of the greatest lawyers of the
United States, but there is a popular
prejudice against him on account of the
bond issues. Whitney would be a strong
candidate, but he won't take it. I think
that Pattison will be the favorite of the
California Democracy."
Barclay Henley is naturally for Pattison,
because Henley in a measure "discovered"
Pattison in National affairs. It was Bar
clay Henley's bill creating the Railroad
Commission passed in 18S6, when Henley
was a member of Congress, that made Pat
tison the Commissioner, as which he De
came more widely known as a man of
ability and strong character.
'•Pattison has been twice Governor of
Pennsylvania," said Mr. Henley, "and
would be the strongest candidate avail
able. He is from a central State, is a man
of lofty integrity and high ability, and has
many elements of popularity."
AFTER ABANDONED ROADS
Richmond Residents Want Cer
tain Market-Street Fran
chises Forfeited.
Three Corporation Lines Which Dis
figure the Streets and Impede
Public Travel.
There are two street railroads in the
Richmond district owned by the Market
street Company which have long since
ceased to be a source of revenue to the
City. One commences at Point Lobos
avenue and runs down First avenue four
blocks. The second begins at the junction
of First and Point Lobos avenues, run
ning down the latter thoroughfare to what
is known as the old half-mile track.
In addition to the abandoned roads
named there is a third on Seventh avenue,
beginning at California street, running
thence to the park. Actual service on this
line was only stopped when the Sutro
road began operations, though for eigh
teen months prior to that time the
schedule consisted of two trains a week
one each way on Sunday.
The people of Richmond have grown
weaiy of these street obstructions without
something in return. They are deter
mined, if possible, to have the several
franchises forfeited, and they propose to
go about the worlr systematically. The
two improvement clubs— the Point Lobos
and the Richmond District— will take up
the matter at their next meeting.
The Point Lobos avenue road is proba
bly the most objectionable of the thrse.
From First avenue to Tenth the tracks for
a time lightly covered up are now from
one to three inches above the level. Con
sidering that this is the main drive to the
beach, and the further fact that it is one
of the handsomest roadways in the City
the people believe that these defacing
marks should be removed. Years ago a
steam dummy ran out Point Lobos to the
Half-mile Race Course, but with the
building of the Bay District Track the line
was abandoned.
The Market-street Company, however,
never lost its grip on the franchise, in spite
of the fact that they did not pay one cent
in taxes. Some months ago they secured
an extension from the Park Commis
sioners, but so far they have not spent $1
toward fulfilling the conditions of the
original franchise.
The exposed tracks have in many places
put the great driveway in terrible condi
NEW ; TO-DAY.
TS NOT STRONG. USUALLY HE HAS POOR NERVE
a force. So much flesh uses up all his vital strength. The
more flesh a man has on his bones the greater is the call upon
his vital energies, to feed the large amount of useless tissue, and,
correspondingly, the less is left to the more delicate functions.
That is not a scientific theory. It is a practical truth ; discov-
ered in our careful study of the reasons for such a vast number
of portly men who are devoid .of nerve power of manhood.
When nature has been too generous to you in flesh, she has de-
prived you of a more precious element, vitality, in which you
are weak.
debil litI itv D for Il th? e nRVt 0 !!if^?li ofeB8 oi,0 i, S nd have be n a sufferer from vital weakness and nervous
«.o«o>i^J^^ - x J ears - Iha . d Bpent hundreds of dollars doctoring, but to no avail. I
int? th«?*wS«nhHS m rtesD Ifl,1 f I , r ' as J was s0 nervous and restless I was scarcely able to manipa-
*i c i . key, much less copy an order or message. I finally after much study Sbl
tlimS^; Sanden's Electric Belt a trial, and do believe it was a^odslnd^S me I Segln
to improve alter the first two weeks I wore it, and to-day lam a different man entirely T r«n^
say too much in praise of your Belt."-H. STRAW, Telegraph Operator!^l)S Rio°Te"as:
As your vital force is not sufficient to keep up a vigorous
manhood- you need help, and Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will give
it to you quickly. Wear it every night while you sleep, and each
night you absorb from it the energy born of electricity It stores
itself in your nerves and saturates your entire vital structure
Animal vitality is sure to accumulate in your body, and manhood
will return naturally-for we are simply restoring the natural
element, which has been dissipated in the nourishment of our
great mass flesh. This is the experience of many hundreds
of your neighbors whom delicacy prevents.from acknowledging
the merits of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. A few of them allow
thei^name^tobe printedin pur pampMet, "Three Classes of
Men," which you cair have sent by mail > in plain sealed enveLl
; free on request. Address envelope,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, OO ANC ,SCO.
MAR^ T ST - OPPOSITE PALACe HOTEI - s?n fAancsc*
Office Hour S -8 A.^tt. to 8:30 P. M.; Sunday*, 10 tot
I-OS ANGELES, CAL. OF:EPIC:ES A - T ~ u^
204 South Broadway. j as^^ TLANI) OR ♦
• * 5 5 Washington ttt—t.
tion. Driving at night is dangerous and
heavily loaded vehicles find it difficult to
cross from one side of the street to tha
other during the rainy season.
Tne same conditions prevail on First
and Seventh avenues. The people of
Richmond believe they have some rights
in the premises, and they will endeavor to
enforce them by an appeal to the Board ol
Supervisors.
They claim that the several franchises
were granted under the express condi
tions that a regular service should be
maintained. The partly covered tracks
bear eloquent testimony to the fact that
it is not now, nor has it been done for
years. The Market-street Company has a
way of reclaiming old franchises, should
the occasion demand it. The Richmond
people propose to thwart this by haying
the franchises forfeited or the conditions
complied with. .
They "Were Thirsty.
Daniel Richardson and John Murphy, wertt
booked at the City Prison yesterday Dy Police
men O'Connell and Mena on the charge of
burglary. They are accused of breaking into
the storehouse of Christy & Wise, 21 Jessie
street, Monday nightand stealing a quantity
of liquor.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs R Graham. Oregon Miss M Slade. New York
F L Slade, New York J Badger, Schem-eta ly
!>r Reynolds, ;>ta Lai bra E F Green, New York
Mrs Gorham, Gold Hill J G Day. Oregon
I N Day, Oregon J Cunningham, wife and
II Yerring ou<fe\v, Carsn two sons, Newcastle
C Peck, Chicago GF Hlldet, New York
A.I Harrell, Visalia W C Williams, Hartford
H Friedrtcus, Hartford EG Snow A wf, N V
E II a Corrla, NY AC Hamilton, N V
J J Lawless, Buffalo T Field <fc wf, Monterey
Mrs Lancaster, Chicago Mrs A H Reed, Chicago
If F Reed. Chicago . . F H Davis & wf, N V
* Heutrevant,JunctnCty F Montague, Paris
J Wancliope&w.Anstrlia G Martha. Brooklyn, NT
W Eekert, Reading, Pa JDu Raye, Elk Grove
MraM Griffith, Buffalo «\V Koenig. Boston
J F Davies, Los Angeles A Ropp «fc wf, Ls Angeiea
T Webber & wf.hit Lake J Kichards, Salt Lake
E L Carcenter, Ohio Mrs R L Avery, Ohio
Mrs A C Hand, Ohio A C Hand. Ohio
W G French, New York E Welder <t wf, Erie, Pa
L McWilliams, Chicago H McWilliams, Chicago
I> McWilliams, Chicago A Hillyer <fc wf, Conn
Miss B Hillytr Conn J R Chase, Santa Cms
\V Ho] kins, Cincinnati
GKASD HOTEL.
A Leonaid, Hollister !■> E Camp, Sacte
A Jackson, Nev W A CrowellAw.Aubuni
J G i-agleson &w, Cal A M Chftmorv.Grass Val
H Essig, NY F Gavin, Walnut Creelc
A Steiger, Vacavllle "W P English, Vacaville
W F Smith, Sacto R B Molbney, Cal
J J Shatterott.Victorla G A Stell, Portland
J E Mclntyre. Tacoma Mrs E E Peterson, Mont
W H Leods, Or J M Sander! y A w. Or
C Browning, San Rafael T Christian <fcw, Marlines
A L Hart, Sacto P L Fluihk.hi. Reno
C X Hizbee, Denver J R Jostro & w. N C
A B Mnlorv, Chicago J F Malory, Chicago
Mrs M Judze, Salt Lake Miss F Judge, Salt Lake
J Cli.nnshire &, w, Cal I H Rice A w, Sacto
J H Kobens, Sacto J H Roke A w, Colusa
A McDon&ld, San Jose W H Harron, Cal
J M Laughlin, Sta Rosa R E Murray, Stockton
Mrs C L Warner, Co.o H Wiuham, Salinas
Mrs H E Taylor, Mont Mrs H Halory, Chico
Caps, W Gray. Merced Mrs Park-r. San Jose
Z W Burnham, Chico Mrs Podmore, Honolulu
Mrs Lenffst, San Jose Isaac Joseph, Sacto
J Blessinstou, Vsllejo Mrs Yatts, Rochester
T B Hayes, Los Ang Mrs N S Wight, Auburn
John T Smith, Auburn T J Murohy, Needles
Mrs S E Robinson.Jollet Miss Robinson, Joilet
A C Rosendale, Cal Dr RUey, ss Mariposa
M E Singleton.Los Ang W H Shraner, Mlddletwn
HUBS HOUSE.
J Donagbey, Stockton J J Brooks, Tacoma
LB Stevenson & w, stkn R W Nattle, Oakland
W J Thompson, Stock tn J C McCormack, Grasi V
J Robinson, Stockton F B Hood, Santa Rosa
W J Volinbrose, Chicago G Ka:z, San Jose
H Canevan & w. Angels Mrs Dinelbach, Healdibg
J N Staff, Stockton W B Pease, Seattle
Ma l.cits, Healdsburg J Ma,'ee Aw, Vatlejo
Miss McCarthy, Hldsbg Miss P Magee, Vallejo
John Kay, Healdsburg Miss Ella Magee, YaileJO
\V Lewis A w, lowa Mrs J Kradle.-, Vallejo
Mrs B Bether, Newman A D Hendrieks. Ut*h
G w Marsh, Sacramento I) >'eff, isalt Lake City
F E Cox, Stockton A R Curtis, Salt Lake
J E WUlimus. Stockton L C Clayton, Snlt Lake
S Leavin, Castle Crag W McDermott, Idaho
D E Miles, Castle i rag F Mitchell <fe w, Denver
Miss Warren, Seattle C Bennett, Marysvllle
Miss X Gushaw, Seattle F W Young, Santa Crui
Mrs J S Youri^, Sta Cruz V Faikner <fe w, San Jos*
Mrs H Wadliam, Boston C L Vaukira, Lodi
Mrs A W Bryant, Maine E Cren, Auburn
E McGettigan. Vallejo H McCleave, Petaluma
F Gooshing, Santa Rosa H E Smtth, Philadelphia
C Russell <fe w, San Jose R Cummins, Pesc uiero
w DavK Pescadero J Brandon, Centervllle
E H Buffrlm, Pittsburg Mrs J C Buffrim, Plttsbrg
LICK HOUSE.
R B Saffold, Cal a A Travis, Lundy
H C Howland & w, N M J L Delano, Rocklin
G 8 Bio«s. Ativater J T Peck, Merced
J I> Bradly. Merced Mrs Clayton <t 2 en, Minn
W Barton, dtloua W Moyle, Vallaclta
B Edgar <fe w, Berkeley i»r £ s O'Brien, Merced
X W Allen, San Jose \V G Oidhain & w Cal
F J Kiesel, Ogdeu W S Parter, Hanford
J A Louttii <fe w, Stockton 1> M Adams, Visalia-
X B Dana, New Yortc C P Young. New York
W X Harris, Fresno F C Millurd, Los Angeles
I Copeland, Val.ecito Mrs M E Loud, Mass
A ilurr, iJowneville J X S sterinan, Cal
Miss sistern.an, Cal E Raver, Cal
B\v Dodge, -New York W J Hill man. Cal
G W Hale, Sonora C Levy, Seattle
C A Starke, S Barbara C A .-hannon, S Barbara
H H Sims & wf, I.os Angeles
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
W H Martin. danger H Kamsdell, Portland
H Button, Portland E W Wilson, Los An*
Georee Howe, San Jose Chas Wilson, Sacramento
Geo Hilton, San Jos.* Mrs C Wilson, Sacto
D hurst, Montana a Stafford dt wf. Rocklin
Mrs C Westcott.Portland Flora Holbrook.Nev City
C E Newton, Los Banoa X A Stothers, Castrovllle
P Harrington. Fresno T C Miller Sta Barbara
G Williams twf.Missouri 8 Kerser & fy, Ohio
M L Mastillon, San Jose E Whiiehead, Ohio
C Parting. Sierra Valley G Moriarity & wf, Gilroy
J Martin <fc wf, Los Ang J M Searams A wf. L Ana
W H Hall & fy, Ohio L, R Seattle
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C Bomer, Golden Gate J Taylor, Nev, '-'.•— i-j-
F A Lyon, Sacramento A V Mendexilall, Cal
H H Hess, NY CM Odell, Sacto
Mrs DA Creason.Canada H Crawford & w, Winnpr
Miss Creason, Canada H A Unruh A read a
MissEWilson.MillsCollg Prof A M Elston, Berklr
Miss A Wilson,Woodlnd F Hinic, Woodland
WC Wilson, Woodland G W Bates 4 w, Portland
C Jansen & wf, Chlco H E P»rmenter! IISN
H B Calisher, NY ii H Tomlinson, B C
G H Clark, Denver A P Camp & wf, Colo
% t 5- ££ i>ardu - NY T B Montgomery.Bßnlcl*
Ht, HUis Los Angeles G Campbell. Grass Valley
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss May Byron, Chicgo Frank Pierces, Portland
E B Kendall, Ashland Mrs Mayhew, Asbland
D Donohu-, Knoxville F Hausen <fc wf, Astoria
J Silvertone, Great Falls P Hapsen, Oakland
Joe Short. .Mameda Henry Black, Columbus
S Howe, Salem. Or John Roe, Portland
F N Schneider, Potstown D J McCarthy, Orovill*WED BY THE ARCHBISHOP
* Nuptials of Miss Isabel Conn
and Ernest Brandt Yester
day.
COVERS WERE LAID FOR FORTY
Mrs. WhitteU Entertains a Large
Party of Ladies at a Rose
Luncheon.
One of the prettiest weddings of the
season was that of Miss Isabel Conn and
Ernest Brandt celebrated yesterday at
noon at the residence of the bride's uncle, j
M. H. de Young, 1919 California street, j
it was a simple wedding, but the very ab- j
pence of all ostentation made the cere
mony all the more impressive. The en
tire ground floor of the I>e Young resi
dence was placed at the disposal of the
wedding guests and lavishly yet artistic
ally decorated with flowers.
In the drawing-room a bower of Q-lazen
wood Beauty roses was erected from which
dangled numberless tiny wedding bells, i
The bower was triangular and novel in
shape, and the effect of the whole was one
of surpassing beauty. At noon the bridal
party entered, keeping time to the bridal
cborus from "Lohengrin" chanted by seven
young ladies.
First came the maid of honor, Miss Ida
Callaghan, followed immediately by the
fair young bride leaning on the arm of her i
uncle, If. H. de Young.
The groom and his beet man, George
Heazelton, met the bridal party at the im
provised altar, where Archbishop Riardon
read the ceremony which made Belle Cohn
and Krnest Brandt husband and wife. After
the ceremony a wedding breakfast was
served in the ballroom. The tables were
all decorated with orange blossoms and
covers were laid for one hundred.
The bride wore a handsome white satin
pown. Thejupe was made full and flow
ing, and the corsage trimmed with lace
appliqued in chiffon over the satin. A bridal
veil fastened to the coiffure by a wreath of
orsnee blossoms completed the handsome
toilet.
ttiat Ia« Callaehan. the maid of honor, wore
ling gowii of yellow taffeta, pompadour
Bilk.
Mrs. deYonnc was attired in a magnificent
ParU gown of black lace over a green silk foun
dation.
Mist Mamie Dean wore a modish eown, the
jupeofwhii-h was fashioned of white moire,
and the corsage of white chiffon and pompa
dour ribbons.
The fair bride of yesterday is one of the most
charmine young women in society. She is tal
ented and accomplished, and greatly admired
in her particular circle.
Mr. Brandt is a young En^lishrAn, the resi
dent representative of a rich Enliish mining
syndicate. During his short resittnee in this
' -. Brandt has made hosts of friends, who
recognize his superior aptitude. He is a
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
California Jockey Club's Spring netting. Twelfth day, Wednesday, April 29, 1896. Weather
tine. I rack good.
1098/u 3 Jfe T s3OO CE ~ FiVeand * hal * Iurlon?s: wiling; three-year-olds and upward: conditions;
index. Horse, age, weight.
1068 Claude Hill, 3. ...100
1078 ilsaoelle. 3 102
1067 . Yreka, 4.... 10K
257 Little *"l'i«h g1d,4.110
1066 ICheivo, 3 96
ondola, 6 . ...109
1030 Svriftsiire, 6 ml
1076 iMyrou, 4 1081
105H MißsGarvin.V.i.'.lol'
1087 Bordeaux, 5 11l
lOfis Joe Ulll. a 11l
St.
1
3
6
9
8
7
J
11
4
jioj
5
I 2
v. !
! <
::::::::
i
! *
1 2
2 h
7 h
62
io 9 r 2
10 4
11 Vs
4h
BVa '
12 i
5 2
3h !
13
22
6 1
8 2
72
91
11 a.
5V a
i 10 a
i 12
! 3h
' 4 h
i 15
24 .
3 a
4 1
8
» 2
11 .
9 ,
10
12
38
6Vj
14
2 IS
34
41
6 3
61
'IP"
96
10 4
114
12
i lit'iii j)s(j:i . ,
W. Flynn. '.'.'.'.'.'.
Peoples....
Itoivaii.
PiffKOU
Ames
Glover
j I. Johnson
| Bergen..
Butler.
L. Lloyd
Anderson
i Betting.
Op. U.
(5 5
4-6
6• ~ 8
'JO 20
.7 9-2
15 30
20 '- 40
5-2 6-2
10 7
15 15
15 20
20 30
I
! I
1 . 1 Q l&rlins ' etLte used - Won easily. Winner. Dr. H. E. Kowells b g.. by Imp. Deceiver-Useful. Time,
1099. ACE ~° ne m ' le: 8t?lling: three -J' e * r - ol < l! » and upward; conditions; allowances;
Index. I Horse, age, weight, j St. j
Horse, age.
weight.
>-:.
*
Jockeys.
, ' I i
1086 .lack Richelieu. a.H4 ! 6 i
1079 I.i-'ullertonLass 5.109 10 ;
1031 Pnlaski, 5 11l 5 i
1074 Arno, 4 107 9
1070 Mi ram bo, 3 107 7
1087 EUpMO, 4 102 1
10S9 Ida saner, 4 105 8
10t>7 Little Toush, a...lU' 4 '
KCH Normandle. 5. ..209 8
109 Don UaN, 3 95 !I
io 5 *
' 3 1
: ilk
9 Uk
, eh
7 1
4 V 2
7 1
3h
10
i 9V,
! 6 2
8%
! 21
1 h
6 1
8 1
10
6
4 1
9
8
12
4)1
2 *
10 "
6
5 a
9
7
31
13
2h
32
4 1
63
62
7Va
8 10
9 10
PiKKOtt
Bergen
Rowan
i Butler.
1 Bozeman...
I. Johnson
| Ames
L. Lloyd
W. Klvnn
C. oianshter....
8-5
72
10
6
7.
used. Won easily. Winner, J. Rogers' b. h., by imp. Great Tom-Envenom. Time,
1100. pu f rie I «300 ACE ~ FiVe * Dd * haif furlon S s : selling; t uree-y ear-olds and npward: conditions;
• Horse, age, weight.
**
. ,% .
Fin.
Jockeys.
i
(985) Rnlnar. 3 105
106 ft Favory. i 11l
1049 nnarhvarmpr, g.. 96
1092 Mar) gold colt, 3.. 99
1078 XlcNac. 3 96
30 5 Kicardo, 5 ill!
1067 Crackajack, a.... 11l
10*6 San Luis Rcy, 5. .111
1077 Three Korks, 5. ..113
3 076 Card well, 3 99
1080 I'uaQtie Amo, 3. 94j
1087 Lady Terror. 4... JOB :
1072 University, 4 108;
Louise, a 11l |
7 I
8
»
5 :::::;::
9
10
5 =
4
2
1
11
I 6
; 13
I 14 i
i 12 I .......
»v 2
42
11
8 V,
61
3K,
2h
10 1
72
92
il*
14
13
3 i/ 3
4 3
1 1
7 3
62
5i/ 2
2 Va
8
10
11
12
14
13
12
23
33
4 1*
6 1
6 2
7 1
8 1/2
9 3
10 2
11 10
12 Va
13 10
14
ißerßon
C. Sloan
Rowan
W. stipe
PigKOtt
Shields
Anderson
Snider.
Peters
Beanchamp
T. J0hn50n ......
Burns..
McClain
Kussell..
15
8
4
20
2
4
15
10
20
15
10
20
15
30
8
7
4
30
8-5
5
60
25
20
20
10
bO
25
100
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, G. Rose's br. c., by St. Carlo-Queen Alta.
[ 101 E:OLRTH R ACE-Sii furlongs; two-year-olds; th« Bay District handicap; value $1500.
Horse, weight.
Ist.
FJn.
Bettioe.
op. is.
1093
1081
1081
1089
1047
IG'2B
1081
Oreyhurst 109 3
Fleurde Ms 138 6
Hohenrollern B4 0
VBldos 85 j 4
Scarborough 102 • 1
;I.£dy Hurst 80 7
i Dolce 95 2
2 2
3y 3
62S
7
4 li
5%
lb
21
S £
4 h
1 h
. lh
I*
5
6
7
4
3
1 3 ,4
2 V 3
3«
5 4 /a
6 1
? x !
7
IPiKKOtt
Shields
Butler
Frawley
jMartln
|WoodB
|C. Slaughter
9-10
*
10
20
3
15
4-5
10
40
7-2
8
I I
BcrS IC |S"l ß^. W^Sl^ltyA ß^,St PrilßWo StaMe ' S g - >mP - M^^^^t-Helen
1102 FIFTH KaCE — One mile; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; allowances; purse ? 350,
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
1097 Rebellion, 8 .....I 1
1086 I Mis? Ruth, 4......1'
(1050) Belle Boyd, 5..... !
1037 U>ng Lady, 3......
1017 lLucreti»Boncia,3 I
1074 Monita, 6 1
994 Mamie Scott. 4...1
748 Belle Stonewall, 4. Ji
4 61
3 76
6 '.' 1
! 2 *Va
i 7 6h
j 5 8
8 111
II 3%
1 h
7 10
53
4%
81
64
8
2h
71
3 2
IP
\l*
6
8
53
7
12
2 h
3 Va
46
52
10
7 20
8
H. Martin
Snider
Beancbamp
C. slaughter
Butler
McClain
W. Flynn
Bergen
3
7
2
3
30
4
9
b'2
•I
50
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, Oakland stable's eh. g., by Peel-imp. Mutiny. Time
1:4314- ; . ' . ■ - . - .■ / .
"I "I AO SIXTH BACE— and an eighth miles; handicap; three-year-olds and up; purse, $600.
Index. Horse, age, weight.
1083 Oabrillo. 4 98'
1080 :Cresceri<io. 3 111,
(924) Wheel Fortune,4. llo
1048 St. Lee, 3 96|
1041 iArticus, 6 95!
(1041) Duchss Milpits, 4. 94!
j Str. Fin. . Jockeys.
11% IVa Martin .. ;.
2 3 2 3 snider
32 3J^ Bergen .'.......
5 2 4 3 C. Slaughter
5 5 4 Pl?gott
6 6 Bntler
Betting.
Op. Cl.
! 1 il% 1 3
443 2%
66 « ■
I 3I 3 h II
! 2la h 4l£
! 5 15 5 6 3
13 14
2 1 12 2
6 4i^
.< ■■2 Ml
4b 5
55 16
6
1
4
7-2
15
20
5
9-10
7-2
6
12
30
6tartlng-Kau> used. Wou driving. Winner, R. Van Brunt's b. h., by St. Saviour-imp. Lizzie Hamp
ton. Time, 1:55i/t.
1104 SEVENTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; -parse
Index. Horse, age, weight, j St. j *4 !Vi %
1074 j Pea Spray, 4 .....11l 1 ........ 31 3h
1079 I Elmer X, 5 114 I 'ZVt 22
1085 i Oregon Ecllpse.a.ll4 3 6 10 4 3
1049 Tim Murpby,R...ll4 2 ,12 13
1(85 Model, 4 109 6 41 5
1078 Svenßali,4 11l 6 ...;.... 6 6
1062 O'Fieeta,4 11l 7 7 7 |
2 3 2 /3
2 2
4 A
13
5
G
7
Str. j Fin.
1 iy 2 Snider
2 3 |Shi«lds
3 h Carroll
4 4 W. Flynn
54 Martin
620 I.Johnson
7 Bergen
I Betting.
I Op. U.
4
4
6
1
10
50
30
6
4
7
60
Start inp-gate used. Won handily. Winner, P. Siebembaler's b. jr., by imp. Mariner-Maranette
Time, 1:161b
-1 lnfi EIGHTH RACK— Five and a half furlong; selling; three-year-olds and upward- condi
llw. tionn: purse $300.
Index.
1009
I Horse, age, weight.
I V *
Fin.
1084
(1087) !
(1085)
1007 i
901
875
1097 •
(1076)
92* ;
Goodwin 11, 4...
•Wan NArgyle,s.lo9
Mt. R0y,5........m
! Rey Alta, 4..:.. 108
Easel, 3 96
Crawford, a. .....113
Glacquer. 6... .....114
!uladwyn,3 100
Jim Bozeroan, 3.. 09
Bed Bird, 5 11l
Silver .Stale. 5... 109
6
8
4
1
7
6
9
j
2
11
3
' 10 I
........
9 I
2 Si
6 V->
4 l/ 2
8h
Vl'
6 1
101
2 h
6 2
6 3^
*%
9
7%
10
iii 1
22
32
1 1
6 1
7
6
8
10
9
11
11%
It
46
52
6 2
■vy»
8 10.
94 .
106
11
C. Slaughter.... I
Bergen .........
Snider ..........
I. Johnson
Plgeott
M. Bergen......
C.510an:........
Martin..'...;...;
Valencia........
5hie1d5..........
W. I'lynn :.....
6-5
10
6
SO
5
10
15
SO
8
15
.6:'-:
7-5
10
7
60
13--2
20
8
r.o
; 12
20
7-2
i
i
:::::::
i i
le u»eU. Won driv
1 :0 B. ♦Formerly
, Burns &
un
Vatt- rhousc's eh. b
i., by imp.
linguist, speaking with ease and fluency
French, German, Spanish. Italian, Roumanian,
Portuguese, and, of course, English. He is
the son of a famous physician at Nice, and
has a brother practicing medicine in Paris.
Mr. Brandt is largely interested in mines in
San Andreas. Calaveras County, and it is
there the young couple will spend the summer
months.
On Tuesday afternoon Mrs. Whittell gave an
elaborate luucheon at her new home on Cali
fornia street. Forty ladies enjoyed a delicious
menu seatea at a table shaped like a Maltese
cross and artistically decorated with, roses
pink, spading into deep red.
This is the first entertainment Mrs. Whittell
has given in her elegant new home, and her
guests were lavish in their praises of the hand
some apartments and exquisite furnishings.
Mrs. Whittell's guests included Mrs. Grant,
Mrs. Cunningham, Mrs. Dr. Hopkins, Mrs.
Tatum, Mrs. Welsh, Mrs. A. Moore, Mrs.
George Howard, Mrs. William Woods, Miss
Wood, Mrs. Darling, Mrs. Garness, Mrs. A. P.
Whittell, Mrs. Woods, the Misses O'Connor.
Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall, Mrs. Bowers, Mrs.
Breeze. Mrs. Benson, Mrs. de Pue, Mrs. Martin,
Mrs. Donahue, Mrs. Homer King, Mrs. Edger
ton, Mrs. Jones, Mrs. Chapman. Mrs. Carolan,
Mrs. Frank Sullivan, Mrs. AlcClellan, Mrs.
Reddington, Mrs. Dimond, Mrs. Hunt, Miss
Stow, Baroness yon Schroeder, Mrs. Waitwell,
Mrs. \V. L. Ash, Mrs. Langhorn and Mrs. Dean.
The final party oi the Entre-Noua cotillon
for this season was held Friday evening in
maple nail and reception-rooms of the Palace
Hotel.
The first part of the evening was passed in
round dancing. At 10 o'clock a fcignalfor the
cotillon was given. It was led by Sanford G.
Lewald and Miss Maud Haas.
In the first set were the following: • Ed
ward G. Carrera and Miss Emily Herzer,
Robert F. Haight and Miss Clara Byington,
Herman H. Herzer and Miss Marcelle Green,
Clarence E. Musto and Aida Hbarboro, Fred
erick G. Gantner and Miss Alvia Cousins,
Frederick Martens and Miss Mac Folsom, O. M.
Howard and Miss Ala Keenan, W. H. Thomp
son and Miss Elsie Warren, Byron D. Bent and
Miss Elizabeth Cud worth, James M.Goewey Jr.
I and Miss Kate Byington, Marshall Woodworth
and Miss Lottie Musto, J. O. Gantner and Miss
Leah S. Young, J. A. Klein and Miss Carrie
Strehl, and Henry A. Whitney and Miss Elinor
Croudace.
Three new pretty and effective figures were
danced— Parisian novelty, Grecian cross and
Entre-Xous continuous rounds.
The club will begin its seventh season early
next winter. The young ladies were all hand
somely attired, and the gathering was a most
enjoyable, 6uccesstul and brilliant affair.
AN ANGRY DRESSMAKER
Mrs. Jane de Boucher Arrested for
Obtaining Money by False Pre
tenses.
Mrs. Jane de Boucher, who conducts a
school of dressmaking at 121 Post street,
was arrested on a warrant yesterday after
noon charging her with obtaining money
by false pretenses.
The complaining witness is Miss Nellie
Sorgenfrey, who claims that she paid Mrs.
de Boucher $70 to teach her the art of
dressmaking. After a few days she be
came dissatisfied with her teacher and de
manded the return of the $70, which she
alleged Mrs. de Boucher refused to do.
Mrs. de Boucher was indignant over her
arrest. She showed a receipt from Miss
Sorgenfrey for $40 of the amount and said
she had returned her other small sums.
She denied owing the young lady any
thing.
"It is nothing but a blackmailing
scneme." said Mrs. de Boucher. "There
was no need for me to practice dishonesty,
as my husband and I are worth $150,000.
I don't see why I should be detained here,
as it is an outrage. I have several en
gagements this afternoon and must keep
them." She was released on $300 bonds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1896.
HARD DAY OH THE TALENT
Reversals of Form and Numer
ous Upsets Kept the Crowd
Guessing.
FIVE FAVORITES WEEE BEATEN
Crescendo Beaten in a Drive by Ca
brillo — Greyhurst Took a
$noo Stake Event.
The California Jockey Club certainly
gave racegoers the worth of their coin
yesterday. Eight events at various dis
tances were down for decision, and it was
with a sigh ot relief, thankful, no doubt,
that they were alive, that the crowd
started for home at the conclusion of the
day's entertainment. It was the last day
of the Bay District's two weeks' meeting,
and the revelations of the "dope" book
were set at defiance. Horses that in the
past have been dead, or existing merely
in a comatose condition, suddenly came to
life, while others ran as though fit sub
jects for the Coroner. Three winning
favorites out of eieht easily explains the
cause of the speculating fraternity's down
fall.
One of the most unexpected dumps of
the day was the defeat of Crescendo in the
mile and a furlong handicap, with but six
starters. The big chestnut was exten
sively supported at odds of 4 to 5 and even
money, and had to acknowledge defeat at
the hands of R. Van Brunt's uncertain
performer, Cabrillo, with odds of 7 to 1
about him in the ring.
The outsider was the pacemaker through
out the running, trailed by the favorite,
and although hard, ridden through the
stretch Crescendo nad to bow to the in
evitable by half a length at the wire. The
winner's time for the distance was I:55J^.
The 4to 1 second choice, Wheel of For
tune, with Marty Bergen in the saddle,
came from the far rear the last three fur
longs, finishing a good third.
The Bay District handicap for two-year
olds, at six furlongs, drew out seven
youngsters and proved a gift for the El
Primero stable's pair, Greyhurst and
Fleur de Lis, who ran one, two. Four to
five was the general price laid against the
duo. Tae stable wanted to win with Grey
hurst, and his stable companion traveled
under "wraps." The gray shook Dolce
off alter a quarter had been covered and
passed the wire, ridden out, three parts of
a length before Fleur de Lis in 1:15%.
Hohenzollern, one of the lightweights of
the party, was a close third.
Dr. itowell's recent purchase, Claude
Hill, romped in the easiest of winners in
the opening five and a half furlong scram
ble, with twelve starters, at odds of 6 to 1.
Isabelle took the place, something over a
length ahead of "ireka. Myron at 1% to 1
ruled favorite in the betting".
A mile run under selling conditions that
followed furnished an opportunity for
Jack Richelieu to win a purse. The old
horse held sway in the betting at odds of
8 to 5, and heading his field before striking
the stretch, passed the wire an easy win
ner, in 1:44. Imp. Fullerton Lass took
the place from Polaski in a drive.
Fourteen cheap-selling platers started in
the third event at five and a half furlongs.
Tiie winner turned up in Ruinart, backed
down from 25 to 8 to 1, ridden by Marty
Bergen. Favory, al2to 1 shot, finished in
the place. Nic Nac, the 9to 5 choice, was
unplaced.
Another mile run that followed the two
year-old stake put one more crimp in the
talent. Rebellion, who was third to
Heartsease and Senator Bland on the pre
vious day, took the lead below the furlong
pole from home and won like a veritable
stake horse. Miss Ruth, an outsider, was
second, with the favorite Long Lady third.
The winner went to the pos: 4 to 1 in the
books.
Tim Murphy carried the shekels in the
seventh race, over six furlongs, starting a
6to 5 chance. He showed the way into
the stretch and then faded away to noth
ing. Sea Spray then passed Elmer F, who
had been running in second place, and
beat him out a length. The ring laid sto
1 against ihe winner.
The Burns & Waterhouse entry, Good
win 11, starting at odds of 7 to 5, won the
concluding five and a half furlong scramble,
ridden out, a length before Wandering
Nun.
TRACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS.
■ Ingleside track will throw open its gates
for the public's patronage again to-day
and tbe change will be welcomed by all,
for the sport at the old track was rapidly
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleside Track.
It ricn where the torses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next neares t
eißtence are riven.
Abbreviations— F.. fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
FIRST RACE— hileven-sixteenths of a mile; selling ; maiden tbree-y ear-olds.
record.
In-'.
Owner.
1066
777
802
Yucatan II
Jim Budd
Adlos
Bonnie Doubt...
Sheriff
Broad 8i110w...
Kome Hams... j
1 1
10
....
J. F. Grady
Creelrnan •& Curtis. |
Imp. Invprness-Yolande
Prince Norfolk-Paraiee
Imp. l'lrate Penzance-Jess
Doubt-Bonnie (Jrace
Imp. Blnokbird IF-Charlty
Broad Church- Billow
I Alexander-May Pritchard
Fellow «.'hHrm-The Teal
Pool- Ursula
i Ham beau-imp. Amelia
: Red Iron-Miss Metford
'■ FlambeßU-Flam
Hanover-Blessing
iPatten-Loulse Forest
l
IC K. Murray
c.
"i 092
Sliabona arable
William Dixoa
C. F. Sanders
M. Oreen
H. Terrance !
G. Pacheco !
A. B. «preckels .... i
PhOßDlx stable.. I
N. S. Hall j
! Burns* Wr.terhouse
Z. Abrahams |
988
1062
414
1013
"1066
1092 i
921 I
Canvasback .... I
Maso«>ro
Carnation...... .
Minnie 111. !
La Flecba ......
Montgomery ...
{Moran
i
I
I
|....
BECOND RACE— Six fur. ongs; selling.
Best
record .
1050 Encino
1077 Irma
825 KedPike
1098 Gondola
Sands Forman..
218 Warrago
105 ii Nervoso
1086 | Captain Spencer
96
103
97 j
105
1071
104|
IU4:
;107
1:11
1:11
i 1:09
1 1 :08
6y 2 f
sV a f
sVa*
"i'm""
5V 2 f
106 Fa.
104 1 H..
SH F..
105 ¥..
ib'i i\.
100jF..
Enclno stable
F. Brown
C. Llnd
W. P. Fine
AlmonaStublp.
Garden CUy stable.
Klmwood. stock frm
J. Mc( v lougb
Imp. Brutus- May D
St Kavlour-F.lla T
(Jeorge Kpnney-Entreaty
Frank R ithoadea- Delia
Alta-Charlotte
Warwlck-Kedalma
Imp. Brutus-Nerva
Bramble-Daisy Hoey
i':4(V%
!l:09
I
THIRD BACE— Seven furlongs; selling.
Index.
(1083) All Over
(1091) Chartreuse 11...
997 Rey del Bandido
1007 Fortuna.
(1022) i Olive
1056 Instigation
1086 ! Tar and Tartar.
(108B)] Joe Terry
1063 jNepbew
Beet
Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk.
108 I:29V* 71 ~ 100 FaT
104 1:271/2 7 f 101 F...
10a 1:29% 7 f »6 F...
104 1:22 i6i/3 * 104 F...
10a! 1:283,4 1 7 f 98! F...
10l!l:17V 2 6f 118! H..
106j1:498iil 1-lSm 104 Fa.
95 l:'29Vi 7 f 98 F...
109 liß'JVail i-16m 109 H..
Ben
record.
S. C. Hildreth
!J. C. Humphrey
Tjone stable
Knclno stuble
F.. CorrlnHn
Klmwootl atck frm.
A. G. Morris
j BuriißiWivterhouse
l«. Ro»««
Hanover-Dellit
Imp. Cheviot-imp. Zara
Imp. True Brlton-E. Collier
Imp. Brutus-Viola Rea
Apactae-Vlrgie
;Imp. Brntiis-Installatlon
H indoo-Brambaletta
Flambeau-imp. Teardrop
|Springbok-Tbe Niece
FOURTH RACE— Four and a half furlongs; selllug; two-year olds.
Jodcx.
Lho Tk.
302 F..
108 H..
103 ill..
105 Fa.
Owner.
1000
1015
1000
1060
1073
(1073
1073
■iioi'
Geo. Palmer.... |
Cyrus King.....
Sister Adpit?./..
Early Notice....
In mat 0r... .
Lost Gir1. .......
Adam Andrew.
Kosa Magenta.. |
:^ 1A
-- :515 ■
:5'J
:.".!
no rec.
:50
1:03
no rec.
-.60
V2m
Vz ni
1 ham
103 Fa!
104 Fa.
I*l3 F*.'.'
A. B. Spreekels
L. Ezell
K. Corrlgan
I)r. Roweil
Klmwooil stock frin
Martin <t McCounel
BurnsAWaterhouae
Antrim stable
Atlcin & Lottridce..
Vi
iTake Notice
limp. JSrutus
Sobrante-by
' Imp. Sir Slo<
Ip. Mariner-
El Rio Key-
•Kiltie Gun
■May D
r»rl v
criy
ice-Barly Rose
'i^'m"
Bell* filly
iScarboroußb 1
FIFTH BACK— One and three-sixteenths miles; Belling; hurdle.
1005
1082
(1055
10J)6)
1062
(1088)
f Best:
Name. Lbs record. Dist. Lbs Tk. Owner.
Bassanio ....... 144 2:211/4 I*4 m 130 F.. A. G. Blakely. .. ..
5i1verad0........ 150 2:151.4 1 3-/5 m 134 Fa. IS. Corrlein.
Templemore.... 141 2:22 lVt m 140|F.. J. 8ren0ck. ........
Montalvo. 149 2:19- IVi m 140 Fa. L. Kzti1. ....:;:..;
Apri1............ 144 2:36 Vi l s / 8 m 129 Fa. W. B. D0dd....... .
Artemu8........ 136 2:23 I*4 m 132 H.. A. Maddox. .
Name.
Owner.
UilU-t-hotilo
Kutherford-Josle C
Tom Ochil tree-Sadie E
Sid-May Belle
McCreary-Rosa
JArgyle-by imp. Sir Modred
SIXTH BACK— Six furlongs; selling.
record.
Dlst.
Lbs Tk. , Owner. .
95 Fa. Santa Anita stable.
106 H.. C F. Sanders.....:.
■"92 H.. El Prim ero stable.. I
112 H.. Alma l>alu stable.. :
99 F.-. F.McDermou...... I
97 1 Fa. Burns* Waterhouse!
9*J F. . E. Corrigan .......
87 Fa. I* Kzell
104 F. . J. H. Shields ......
103 H.. P. Archibald
Owner.
jAlvero
Schnltz
'Summertime...
f'erhupH
Walter J
Mt.McOregor II
1:17
1:17
1:14V3
1:16%
1:15%
1:18%
1:14%
1:16%
1:29V 2
6f
6f
♦Of
as :■
Of
6f •
6f
at
It
lm
Gano-Lilllta
Panique-Jllia
Fitzjames-Sprlngtlme
Koselusko-May Vlley
Imp. True Briton- I.tllie S
Day Btar-Mias McOreeor
Isaac Murphy- Derochment
Doubt->'atchitoches
Kowulsky
Doubtful
;
'saac
Scimetar. ......
[Charles A.
becoming shop-worn and musty. Not that;
officials in the stand were not vigilant in
the exercise of their duties, but they were
combating against influences over which
they had no control. Ingleside has been
noted since its opening for clean and hon
est, sport, and its management will en
deavor to keep it up to a high standard of
excellence during the present meeting.
As formerly the occasion of the opening
will be ladies' day. The card is a good
one and the "regulars" will no doubt be
out in full force.
The California Jockey Club has offered
a reward of $500 for the detection of the
person or persons implicated in the De
cision and Marjorie affairs. A noted
astronomer once endeavored to discover
whether or not the man in the moon wore
whiskers. It is to be hoped the culprits
will be brought to justice.
Ruinart and Road Warmer have been
matched under the same weights and con
ditions as carried in yesterday's race and
over the same distance for $500 a side.
The owners of each horse posted a forfeit of
$200 last evening.
Bozeman was set down for fifteen days
for a ride on Mirambo that did not suit
the judges.
The showing made by Cabrillo was a
marked improvement over his race on
April 25, and Trainer Murry was asked
for an explanation.
Murry said that on that occasion the
horse was started against his approval ;
that yesterday he told Owner Van Brunt
to give the jockey the instructions him
self, and that he personally did not bet a
cent on the racer, but played Crescendo.
Mr. Van Brunt backed his horse, however,
showing conclusively that it is not always
the trainer that is the wisest.
What a world of good Tuesday's race did
Rebellion. Yesterday he ran like a stake
horse.
Crescendo pulled up lame at the conclu
sion of his race and It was though the had
broken down. About a furlong from the
wire he was struck on the nigh fore ankle
by Cabrillo, and on examination later by
a veterinary showed that the injury was
only trifling.
Jockey Shaw, who was set down at the
last Ingleside meeting for a ride on Gold
Bug that did not suit Judge Murphy,should
be given another trial. It is not always the
"kick" of a disgruntled member of the
bookmaking fraternity that constitutes a
poor ride.
Marty Bergen put up about as poor a
ride on Wheel of Fortune as that good
mare has ever had. Four miles and she
might have been in it.
PATROLMEN PUNISHED.
One Is Dismissed From the Force and
Two Others Are Heavily
Fined.
The Police Commissioners 'had four
patrolmen before them last night on vari
ous charges.
Joel L. Stoddard and William Doran
were charged by Captain Gillen and Lieu*
tenant Bnrke with being in a saloon on
the Ingleside road for twenty-five minutes
while on duty. The charge was sustained,
and Stoddard was dismissed from the
force, and Doran \va3 fined $50. Stoddard
is the policeman who gave evidence in the
Ingleside holdup case as to picking up
Middlemiss, one of the defendants, who
was drunk, and riding downtown with
him on an electric car.
This was the third time since then that
Stoddard had been up before the Commis
sioners.
Cornelius Rial was chareed by Captain
Spillane with failing to report at a fire and
with being under the influence of liquor.
It being the first offense he was let off
with a fine ot $100.
A charee of unoflieerlike conduct pre
ferred by Fred Junker, a butcher, against
Herbert D. Mathewson, was dismissed.
A WELL-FILLED HOUSE.
The Girls' Union Benefit at Golden Gate
Hall a Success.
The grand concert for the benefit of the
San Francisco liirls' Union, given at Gol
den Gate Hall last evening, was well at
tended, both the main floor and the gal
lery being crowded.
The programme prepared for the occa
sion was such as to elicit generous applause
from the audience, the majority of the
performers being encored. It was as fol
lows :
Allegro anrt adagio cantabile from trio in E
fiat, op. 1 (Beethoven), Messrs. J. Josephs, L.
yon der Mehden, R. A. Lucchesi; "Lieti
Signor" (Meyerbeer), Miss Lotta Musto; recita
tion, Miss susie Hobart; "The Holy City"
(Adam), J. McAuliffu; "Romance" (VVilhelmi),
J. Josephs ;"Speak" (Arditi) Miss Eveline Cahill;
recitation, Miss Susie Hobart: (a) Gavotta
(Bach-Joseff y) (b) Paraphrase (Van Aberleen),
Miss Marie Ireland, left-handed pianist; Ma
zurka No. 0 (Popper), Louis yon der Mebden
Jr.;"Love'B Nocturne" (Kellie), Frank Coffin ;
(a) Extase (Ganne), (b) Hungarian Serenade
(Danbe), J. Josephs, L. yon der Mehden and R.
A. Lucchesi; Rlcnard Lucchesi, musical di
rector.
"Loose Screws."
A lecture will be delivered this evening in
Plymouth Church by R. A. Eaton, on the pre
sent social conditions from a workingman's
point of view; subject, "Loose Screws."
WANT EUREKA'S TRADE.
T. H. Selvage on the Struggles
Oregon Merchants Are
Making.
OVERDUE TERMINAL RATES.
The Controlling Ambition of the Peo
ple of Humboldt Is, He Says,
for a Railroad.
T. H. Selvage, ex-District Attorney of
Humboldt County and grand councilor
of the order of Chosen Frienda of Cali
fornia, is a recent arrival here.
in speaking of the general conditions of
the northern part of tne State, Mr. Selvage
said: ' .
"I have resided in Hnmboldt County
siDce my boyhood and have a very warm
regard for its people and a deep interest in
its future prosperity. I know of no place
where the man with moderate means can
better secure for himself a home from
which he can abundantly provide for his
family all the necessaries of life.
"Our fruit and dairy lands are exten
sive and very productive and only need
the energy and labor of the small farmer
to make our county one of the richest in
the State. It iB true we are somewhat
isolated and cannot easily reach railroad
centers by land, but we have an excellent
steamship service between this City and
Eureka. On the steamship Pomona one
can make the trip between the two ports
in seventeen hours.
( J"Our mail service by steamship is good,
but by land it is inexcusably bad. The
Call by the overland mail reaches us at
any time within one month after it leaves
the press.
"There has been considerable discussion
between our people and the merchants of
San Francisco of late over our trade rela
tions. Portland is reaching out for busi
ness alone the northern coast, and has
extended its trade as far south as Eureka.
Its merchants have secured considerable
business with our people. Our Chamber
of Commerce has taken an active interest
in promoting these trade relations. The
reason for this action is not, as some peo
ple think, inspired by an unkind feeling
for San Francisco or her people. The
trade with Portland is favored, in order to
provoke competition between the trans
portation companies, that we may secure
terminal rates from our port to inland and
Eastern markets.
"At the present time we are unable to
ship our lumber products to the interior
and Eastern markets because of the high
rates of transportation from our port to
railroad communication with the East.
Terminal rates for Humboidt Bay either
by way of San Francisco or of Portland
would secure to us the same advantages
in the cost of transportation of products
as is now enjoyea by those cities.
"We must have terminal rates from one
way or the other. The direction from
which it comes will of course secure our
trade.
"A transcontinental railway with a
•western terminus at Eureka would bring
about the same results we are now looking
for in the direction I have mentioned.
Such a railway is of course the great and
controlling ambition of our people.
"With the improved condition of our
bar and harbor resulting from the expen
sive and successful work now being done
by the Government we will have a harbor
second to San Francisco. The asser
tion was made editorially in TpE Call re
cently that such a railroad meant connect
ing steamers direct to the Orient and that
such an accomplishment presented grave
questions for San Francisco. 1 believe,
however, that there never can be any seri
ous rivalry between this City and Eureka
resulting from such a road, as no trans
continental road will ever make Eureka
its sole terminus, leaving the great Sacra
mento Valley and San Francisco trade to
other lines. I have heard it said that San
Francisco needs a competing railroad.
The transcontinental road that has for its
western termini San Francisco and Eureka
will be a blessing to the whole coast and a
mutual advantage to both ports."
AN INSOLVENT ESTATE.
Mrs. Julia Fratinger Wants to Settle for
Twenty-Five Cents on the
Dollar.
Julia Fratinger has filed an account of
her husband's estate, and it tells a tale of
insolvency. A. M. Fratinger, the deceased,
was a well-known cloakmaker of this City
and when he died, about two years ago,
it was known that his estate was insolvent.
The store and fixtures were valued at
$30,000, there was $4900 in cash and book ac
counts and real estate enough to make a to
tal of $48,771. All that could be got for the
proDerty, however, was $15,454, and now
Mrs. Fratinger wants to settle at 25 cents
on the dollar. There are claims against
the estate amounting to $55,389.
The principal creditors are : Reiss Broth
ers $1455, London and San Francisco Bank
$2777, Stein, Simon & Co. $1304 Levi
Htrauss & Co. $2366, Kahn Brothers &
Klein $1479, Neuberger & Reiss $2052.
An Arctic owl. measuring a little more
than three feet from tip to tip of its wings,
was shot on one of the islands in the
harbor of Portland, Me., a few days ago.
HEW TO-DAY.
DON'T DRAG StISE
Lifeless Movements and
You're Always Tired.
Poor Circulation Caused by Tobacco— Heart
Action Seriously Affected and
Blood Nicotine-Tainted.
a I' ;f i Do you feel hurt T
f \ 1 & Pains in the legs.
tat. I 1/ below the knees ?
r\\ V ■ A v » Feet cold daytime,
I XA AJ^ burning at night ?
I •-y ! >l'" *\c Many other pains
\ yT ■'■■■ p r*\^ and symptoms ?■
Nfc^* L-ss* — -n They , are . caused
>v • "\^ _____ _fC by Poor circulation
■>»> """"^^*^* l^^ because your heart
>«s^~^ action is weakened
--'"*. vTZ- a^' ■ - by nicotine, and
your mood is tobacco-poisoned. Tobacco weak-
ens the heart-action, the blood is not pumped
fast enough. Your feet get cold, ache and burn
by turns. No wonder you feel like 1 putting
them head-high when you sit down. ■-•'; ,■- .{■
Don't you know that tobacco weakens ail the
nerve-centers, and is the cause of many a weak,
| tired, lifeless, listless feeling ?
■ There is a guaranteed cure, No-To-Bac. which
has cured over 300,000 cases, and will cure you
just as it has Senator Ellington and the Hon.
E. H. Pearce. who
USED TOBACCO 27 YEARS. *
. . : Thompson, Ga*, Nov. 23.
Dear Sirs— After using tobacco nearly twenty-
•even years I took: two and one half boxes of
your No-To-Bac, which freed me of the pernicious
habit, and have not tasted tobacco since, neither
have I any desire for it. I had previously tried a
number of antidotes, but without success, borne
months ago I procured three boxes for the Hon. C.
H. -Ellington, of this place, late State Senator and
I now President of the Farmers' State Alliance of
, Georgia. ;. He had used tobacco ' excessively • for
I thirty years. He used two box's of No-To-Bac and
Immediately discontinued the use 'of • tobacco.
"Yours truly, •" •".--.'
B. H. PEAJRCE, Clerk of Supreme Court. -
; It all rests with you. ? Why not try No-To-Bac
under absolute guarantee of cure by your own
druggist? If you don't like feeling well, enjoy-
ing new manhood, you can learn tobacco using -
over again. Get our booklet, "Don't Tobacco
Bpit and Smoke Your Life Away." written guar-
antee and free sample mailed for the asking.
Address the Sterling Remedy Co.. Chicago or
New York. :•;.-. ■ -•
. :■/■':•■■ . -T" . —~ . C — >-Jf
m mm
SPRINGS
TT AYE THE .MERITED REPUTATION OF
■*-*■ being one of the wonders of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well aa those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them. • : •
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
; fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS SlO TO 815 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, '22 Fourth street, 8. F.
PACIFIC CONGRESS SPRINGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
T OCATED IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
-Li Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above
sea level. No fog, no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 450 feet south.
Large Double Rooms, With Private
Bathrooms.
PURE BPRINGof the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRINGS MINERAL WATER of the alkalo-
chalybeate class: valuable for table use and dys-
pepsia, liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism,
gout and cutaneous affections.
HOTEL. COTTAGES, NEW NATATORIUM.
ALL lighted with electricity; electric bells, tele-
graph and telephone: good stables.
RATES, $10 to $15 per week: only 2% hours
from San Francisco, via S. P. Write for particulars
. J. F. PFETCH, Saratoga, Cai.
NAPA SODA SPRIGS,
California's. Famous Mountain Spa!
Have You Been- Thkrk Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. . Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postofflce.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New Improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re--
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
'/~*%jC~\ The Beautiful
* filllii^ HOTEL
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it Is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity. ; : , '.-• .;•;■'
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG !
Queen of AH Mountain Resorts.
The Tavern of Castle Crag:, the most
beautiful, attractive and accessible of
all mountain resorts, will open for the
reception of guests June Ist, and close
October Ist, 1808.
GEORGE SCHONEWALD, Manager,
Room 59, Union Trust Building,
San Francisco.
jvow ox=>:Ej:r>ff.
Under the Old Management.
HOTEL AND COTTAGES. ON AUSTIN
AX. Creek, in the heart of the Sonoma Redwoods,
terminus of N. P. C. R. R., via SausalUo ferry.
Train leaves at 1:45. Fine swimming, hunting
and trout fishing. Terms reasonable. For par-
ticulars address
;; C. F. BURNS, Proprietor,
■ ___ 1 Cazadero, Cal.
HARBIX HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Lake County, Cal.
THE FAVORITE SUMMER AND WIN-
TER RESORT.
TTANDSOME NEW HOTEL; LARGE AND
XX commodious rooms; large new dining-room;
everything newly furnished throughout the hotel
and cottages. / ■
Stage daily from Calistosra to springs; round-trip
ticket, at Southern Pacific office, $8. Fine fishing
and hunting. Address J. A. HAYS, Proprietor. ■
HIT I find HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V M AI• I ■ V bounty, only 4V 3 hours from
\ X fl ITIT \ San Francisco; but 9 miles
I II |V nl l 11 II staging: new road through
** ** ** vi *« canyon new stages; sanitary
plumbing: natural temperature of water 130° Fabr.
of wonderful curative properties ; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquitos . and - other annoying
Insects unknown. Take Tinuron ferry at 7:30
A. M. or 8:30 r. v. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $12 a week ; baths free. :■.*. . :
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
CAMP TAiLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion
croquet and lawn tennis; fine > trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; po.stoffice, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $12 per week.
VICTOK W. KRAUSS, Manager.
JOS. F. BEHTRAND, Proprietor.
i City office, 112 Taylor st., Fridays, 2 to 4 p m
LYTTON SPRINGS,
. SONOMA COUNTY. 7
AN IDEAL PL ACK" FOR HEALTH REST
.AND PLEASURE:' no V2-miletrom
i ?in 0 5-J eOnly / nUin ? Seltzer Springs in the
! United States and the celebrated . Lvtton Geyser
EL BONITO HOTEL
NOW OPEN -to tourists FOX THE
xv season; salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
nsning and boating;: redwood grove, etc. : - terms
reasonable. . « . • Q. W. MORGAN, - -
/*."•■•'•■■ ' Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co.,Cal. :
FOR. A SUMMER OUTING.
FOR RENT FROM JUNE I—NEW COTTAGE,
rooms and bath;: furnished f beautiful loca-
tion; 2 miles from Glen Ellen; $40. Apply to
OKO. G. CLARK, ■
Office WelTs, Fargo & Co., City, j
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake. -
LAKE COUNTY, OAL.
DO YOU ENJOY A BUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest stage
■ route into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs.
New • hotel. Finest dining-room north of Saa
Francisco.
From San Francisco It costs only $8 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are 81 SO to $2 50
per day or 10 to $16 per week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. Railway via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager.
Han Francisco office, 316 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATION !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now under the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN R. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. ' It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure ' resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE.
■'____ Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
SINTA CmUfl ISLAND.
. Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
U coast excurs.ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open. Island Villa in July.
For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to ■
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, Cal.
SODA BAY. HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE,
is most picturesque. Soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
it throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boatin? and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has just
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
dally stage from Pieta and Highland Springs,
Adams, 8elgl«r, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco. $5 50; round trip, *10. Spe-
cial rates for families. 0. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. KciseyvlUe, Lake County. Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL,
Hopland, Mendocino County, Cal.,
"WIIjIj OJE».ESTSr 3VE^Tr X
mHIS NEW 3-STORY, HARD- FINISHED HO-
■L tel is located 2 miles from Hopland station, on
the line of S. F. &N. P. R. R. The hotel is built
' on a knoll, 250 feet above the vallay and 1000 feet
above sea-level. There are several furnished cot-
tages; also fl'-- Electric and Magnesia Baths.
Amusements: Billiards, Lawn-Teunls, Croquet,
Phullle-Boarils. Fine walks to Duncan Peak, 2200
feet. Beautiful view.
O. HOWELL, Proprietor.
Board, 810 to Sl3 Per Week. Free Baa.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK, SISKIYOU COUNTY, CAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
li\KK COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
X year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, 10: special
conveyance daily. For information address JOHN
SPAULDING, Seigier Springs, Lake County, Cal.
INWOOD FARM.
AN IDEAL SU3IMEK HO3IE.
. For particulars and terms address
FRED N. SHELDEN,
Sebastopol, Sonoma County.
■
HOTEL DE THORNTON,
POTTER VALLEY.''!a<Kai!aisfj
FIRST-CLASS IX EVERY RESPECT.
I R. E. BADER, PROPRIETOR.
Rates, $7 per week. Bath and all modern con-
veniences in connection wltn Hotel.
A.. '"EL. 3VCo3VCuSk. I Z*SC'S.
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
hunting and fishing where game of all kinds is
plentiful, take the S. F. and N. P. R. R. to Uklah,
Berryhill stage to Potter Valley, McMath's stage
to Hullville. P. O. address, HullviUe, Lake Co. Cal.
OLENBROOK
IS ONE OF THE MOST CHARMING RE-
sorts in the State. Fine scenery, bunting and
liishing; excellent table. For circulars and further
nformation adaress • O. W. R. TREDWAY,
Proprietor, Glenbrook, Lake County, Cal.
HOTEL DEL MAR— ON THE SEASHORE; 20
XL minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled; surf bathing; sailing, row-
Ing, fishing: buses meet all trains; children, $2
to $5 per week; adults, $9 per week: special rates
to societies and : families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 28,
Maze building, 8. F. •
FOR THE SUMMER, OR 1, 2 OR 3 YEARS—
Furnished house of 13 rooms; bath; 5 minute*'
walk from Berkeley station. Apply on premises,
2816 Allston way, cor. Chapel st., opposite Univer-
sity grounds.
LAUREL DELL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
XJ Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasure-seekers; boating and bathing free; no
pains will be spared to provide a good table; terms
$8 to $12 per week; route S. F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare 35: round trip $9 50. Address H.
AMBOLD. Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County ,Cal.
QOLID COMFORT HOME RESORT— II MILES
O from Napa City, on Mount Veder; elevation
1500 feet: mountain spring water: fine scenery;
healthiest climate: positive cure for asthma; good
board and room $8 per week ; open to Ist of Janu-
ary ; fare from Napa City $1 50 via Phoenix Livery
Stable. Address MRS. A. F. ALLEN', Napa City.
Q ARATOGA SPRINGS. LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
O — The ' most beautiful summer resort In the
State; 8 different springs: sulphur, soda. Iron,
magnesia, seltzer, etc. ; good fishing and hunting;
accommodations first-class; rates #10 per week
and upward; table unexcelled: hard-finished
rooms en suite and cottages. Address J. MAR-
TENS, Bachelor Post office, Lake County, Cal.
BLUE' LAKES. PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. • good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. P., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes. •
AT BELMONT, san mateo COUNTY,
board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImon t
BROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE:
X> plenty milk, cream, chicKona and fruit; good
accommodations. 'Address Brookside, Napa.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in th«
United States or Canada one year for $. 160, poet-
es free. :, » «— •
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Brighter outlook in the East.
Silver weaker again.
All Cereals dull.
Hay unchanged. * :• _C
Lima ans held higher.
Coal strike, in Australia.
New Potatoes and Onions weaker.
Butter in good demand.
Cheese and Eggs weak.
Large arrival of Tomatoes.
Cherries lower.
strawberries getting sandy.
Meeting of Fruit-dealers called.
More Eastern Poultry arrived.
Dried Fruit dull. .
Provisions unchanged.
Explanation. '
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted slow in Inches and huudredths, ;
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, con:i<c: points of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hlirh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather'and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. Wh n the pressure is high in the interiot
and low along the cons:, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. Wiih a ••liieh" in he vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be exp»eted in summer and colder
weather in winter. Th*; reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result. /•. •
WKATH . R BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agricuit
Turk, Weather Bureau, San Francisco,
April 29, 1896, 5 p. M.— Weather conditions and
general forecast: ;
Tne following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same da te last sea
son: Eureka 45.61, last season 40.64: Red Bluff
20.21, last season 28:06: .San Francisco 20:53,
last season 25.10: Fresno 8.16. last season 14.15;
San Lulu Obispo 17.62. !a<t season 25.57; Los An
geles 9.06, last season 15.9.1 ; San Diego 5.90, last
season, 12.01: Yuma .88. last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California during the past
twenty-four hours: Kureka tO. Red Bluff 58, San
Francisco '<'■ Fresno 68, San Luis«<bisi>o 60, Los
Angeles 66, San Diego 64, Yuma 90.
-an Francisco data— Maximum temperature 57,
minimum 49. mean 53.
The following rainfalls are reported from sta
tions in California during the past twenty-four
hours: Eureka, 0.70: Red Bluff, 0.04; San Fran
cisco. 0.09.
The pressure is highest this evening on the cen
tral California coast and lowest in the l'.riiish pos
sessions north of Montana, where a moderate
storm is now central. Th's disturbance has moved
Into this region from off the Washington coast
within the past, twelve hours, an unusually rapid i
movement. Clearing weather now prevails
throughout California. It has grown considerably
cooler throughout the interior of California and
in Northern Nevada, but as yet the conditions are
not favorable for frosts; however, there is some
danger Of frost Thursday night.
forecast made at :-an Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, April 30. 1896:
Northern California— Gent-rally fair Thursday;
some danger of frost Thursday night; fresh
westerly winds.
southern California— Generally fair Thursday;
fresh 10 brisk westerly winds.
Nevada — t air Thursday.
Showers Thur.-day; cooler.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
brisk to high westerly winds.
W. H. IlAMiins-, Forecast Official.
NEW lORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., April 29.— This was an
other dull day at the stock Exchange. The trans
actions aggregated only 127.700 shares. In the
early trading a higher ranse of , prices prevailed in
sympathy with reports from London of a firm
market for securities there. The advance was
equal to V2@T-8 er cent in the eeneral list, the
latter in Chicago Gas, while Consolidated - Gas
moved up from 163 10 1643^, the highest figure
yet attained. There was a fair demand for inter
national stock! on London account. The reaction
in the price ot refined sugars, however, and ad
vices from Germany that the Keicbstag would
probably pass the sugar bounty bill, led to a de
cline in sugar trust stock from 124Vb to 122% and
this weakened the whole market ■
A report that the American Tobacco trust would
be enjoined troni paying the scrip dividend re
cently declared led to a decline in that stock from
7214 to 7<»V 2 . but a recovery to7iy a subsequently
took 1 lace. The net losses In the general run of
stocks were only y 8 to \' 2 per cent and according
to statements made by leading commission houses
the selling had no special significance. Specula
tion closed about steady in tone despite rumors,
which were partly confirmed at the sub-treasury,
that between $1,500,000 and 92,000,000 in gold
will b«! shipped to Europe on Saturday's steamers.
Bonds were lower. Sales footed up* $1,184,000.
Chicago and Northern Pacific fives certificates fell
%to 47 Vi: Kansas and Texas fours. V 3 to 85%;
Pittsburg and Western fours, ~1- to '73%; Mil
waukee, Lake shore and Western first sixes, 1 to
ISIVa. St. Louis and San Francisco general sixes
rose :-i to 112.
In Government bonds 9120,000 fours of 1896
sold at 118%@U9.
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII, easy; winter wheat, low grades,
* 2 21)03: do fair to fancy, $2 85@3 85: do patents
93 90©4 20: Minnesota clear, 82 60@316- do
straits, $3@3 50: do patents, 93 45@4 35; low
grade, extrns. *2 2003; city mills, 94 lU@4 20; do
patents. 94 MXg,i 50; rye. mixture, $2 60@3 20
--superfine. *2(g(2 35; line, S2@2 30. .Southern flour
dull,- steady; common to 'air extras, 92 40<iu3:
good to choice do, S3@3 30. Rye flour, 82 40®
2 80. Buckwheat flour. $1 20@l 25
BICKWH AT-
CORNMEAL— Quiet; yellow Western, 92 20®
2 25: Brandy wint, 92 20. w
RYK— Noi.inal; Western, 45i4@46c; State
4ey 2 (a47c. . .
BARLEY— Quiet; ungraded Western, 39@41c.
WHKAT— DuII, weaker; f. o. b.,75%c to arrive'
ungraded red. 70@b0c: -No. 1 Northern, 72y c to
arrive, r
• Options were more active and closed weak at
ife!ffis- s c decline, following the West and on free
Offerings of May. July and May most active,
April, May and. June, 70c: July, 70V c: Septem
ber, 7OVic: December, 716/jjc
CORN — Dull: weaker. No. 2, 3514@35M>c
elevator: 36Vi@H6V 2 c afloat. . ,'■'>.
Options were active and irreuular, closing weak
at y 8 c decline on near months and y e up on late
months. May and June most active April und
May, 2<5S/ 8 c; July. 36y 3 c; Septemoer. 87% c.
OATS — spot quiet and steady. No 2 251/4 -
No. 2 white, 26c; No. 2 Chicago, 26@2«1 / 4c: No.
8, 24c: No. 3 white, 25c: mixed Western, 2J@'J6;
white do and white State. 26@28c.
Options— Easier: May. 24c; July, 243/ B e.
FEED BRAN-60@6^V2C
MIDDLINGS— 62'S,7Oc. •
RYE-Feed, 65(a.70c.
. ."X Provisions. .
■'■■BEEF- Steady. Family, 89 60@ll: extra
.mess. ?7@6. Beef hams, dull; 514@15 60; tlerced
beef . steady; city extra India mess, $14@15 60:
cut meats, slow: pickled bellies, 'l2 lba/4%c; do
shoulders. 4y 2 @4s,^c: pickled hams, By2@9c. .
LAKI)— "western seam closed at $5;
city, *4 50; May. 94 98. Relined, . slow; con
tinent. 95 30: fcouih American. R5 70; compound.
4V4@4^»c. .
■ I'OKK— Steady; moderate demand. Old mess.
S9@>9 60.
uUT'IER— fair demand. State dairy, 8
@]4y 2 c; do creamery. 10@16y 2 c: Western dairy,
old, 7@»c; do creamery, 10@16c: do held. 9fa.llc;
do factory, 7@loc: Klglns, 15@1di/ 2 c; imitation
creamery, 9y 2 @liy 2 c. •"; .•-=■
CHEKSE-Modera-e demand. State large. 6@
9%c; do lancy. 9y 2 @liy 2 c: do small, 4y 2 aioc;
part skims. 3@4y 2 c: mil sKlra».2t^2y c."
EGGS— Fancy, steady; moderate demand. 1 State
and Pennsylvania. 11V 2 <%12; Southern, 9@loc:
Western tresti, IO&IIV2C. -
TALLOW— Depressed; moderate demand. City,
Ss/sc: country, ay4@3s/ B e. ■'
COTTONSEED oil- steady; better demand.
Crude. 22c: yellow, prime, 25% c: do, off grade.
2M,4ra;25y 2 c.
RESIN — Steady; quiet. Strained common .10
£000,92.
TURPENTINE— Quiet, steady. 29@2f)y 3 c.
POTATOES— New, active and firm; o.d dull, un
changed.
KlCK— Firm; fair demand. Domestic fair to
extra. 3@ss.ic: .Inpnn, 4@4%c- ■ ■
MOLASSES— FairIy active: firm. New Orleans
open kettle, pood to choice, S7@37c.
COFFEE- Inactive; sto 15 points down. May,
$12 75: July, $12 50: September. $11 50@ll tO:
December, $10 80. Spot Rio steady; quiet. No. 7,
135/gc. ---.■• . ■ ■ ■ - ■ •
SUGAR— Raw firm: more active. Fair refining,
38.4 c; centrifugals. 96 test. 4y±c. Refined. 1 l-16c
lower. Off A. 4%@5 l-16c: mold A, 5 11-16 c;
standard A, 5 7- 16c: confectioners' A. 6 6-16 c: cut
loaf and crushed, 5 11-16 c: powdered and cubes,
5 11-lb'c; granulated, 5 7-1 tic.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS—
ALMONDS— soft-shell, 7y>@Bc; do paper-shell,
Il@il2c. " ■>;■• ':r; '-.■-.
A PKICOTS— Baes. BVof<f;l2c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, % fb, 10@12c; do unpeeled,
SfdlMi/jjc. .
PRUNES— Four sizes. sc. '
RAISINS— London layers, 90c@$l; do four
crown loose muscatel, 3%@4c.
WALNUTS— standard. 6%(57c; do soft-shell,
2 ©loc.
JiUPS— Dull, unchanged: common to choice.
'J-Vi^Hc: Pacific -Coast. 2%®7c
WOOL— Steady, unchanged: domestic fleece. 15
@21c;' pulled* l&^Bcic: Texas, 7@7i/2C
>[erchaii(ii<e.
PIG IRON — Moderate demand, unchanged;
American. $11 (SIS 50.
COPPER— DriII: -Lake, $10 75.
LEAD— Firm domestic. *3 ob@3 07%.
TIN-Steady; straits, $13 40; plates, fairly ac
tive. ■•:- ■■.■j.-_ •••••■.
SPELTER-Steady ; domestic Si 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., April 29. — Changing from
May to July, with some little scalping by local
traders, made up the bulk of the business inthe
wheat market to-day. The buying of the near and
selling of later months about " balanced each other
and served to hold prices at fairly steady figures
during the morning. First quotations were better
than the final ones of yesterday, and subsequently
the gain was well preserved Showers were pre
dicted for Northwestern points, to which was
: ascribed the opening firmness. Liverpool cables
were a little stronger, and that, too, helped prices
i considerably. ■ •
Receipts in the Northwest were 807 cars, against
361 last Wednesday and 413 a year ago. Chicago
received thirteen cars and inspected out 29,750
bushels. Export clearances amounted to 62,544
bushels. Closing Continental cables were irregular.
After noon a break took p ace, the reason for
which lay in the Agricultural Bureau's report on
foreign crops. With a few minor exceptions the
outlook was said to be. unusually promising. The
same report stated that -Argentina would have
from 80,000.000 to 35,000,000 bushels available
for export, instead of 15,000,000 bushels as was
estimated previously. July wheat opened from
64i/fe@64i4c, sold between 64y 2 c and 63% c, clos
ing at 63%@63%c, y±c under yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow seventeen cars.
CORN— Obtained material aid from the strength
of wheat. There was nothing else on which to
base the foundation for improvement. The re
ceipts were 194 cars, and 150.998 bushels were
withdrawn from store. Liverpool cables were
steady. but quiet. Business was extremely dull
and no evidence of activity was presented. Prices
declined when wheat broke and all appearance of
firmness disappeared. Export clearances amounted
to 228,859 bushels. July corn opened at SOS/gc,
sold between 30%®306/8C and SOy^c, closing at
the inside, i- c under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow, 301 cars.
OATS— Were steady. Business was of such a
small volume that there was neither buying force
nor selling pressure to cause essential alterations
of quotations. Receipts were 162 cars and 39.187
bushels w«-re taken from store. The later easier
ton*» of surrounding markets had its effect on oats.
July oats closed a shade lower. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 200 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash. 91Vi®91V«c; May,
87y 2 @873,ic: July. 90c bid, 90% c asked; Septem
ber, 921 Receipts were 16 cars.
PKOViSIONS— Hogs were quoted irregular this
morning and product opened steady, not adopting
either strength or weakness from the yards mar
ket.. Some transferring of trade from near to dis
tant deliveries took place, an I that went to make
up the bulk of the trading. Like everything else
on the floor provisions displayed weakness late in
the session. Estimated stocks of provisions in
Chicago on May 1, as given by G. W. I'hilllDS Jr.,
will be: Pork, 150,001) barrels: lard, 170,000
'tierces, and ribs, 37.000,000 pounds. July pork
closed "V2C lower; July lard unchanged and July
ribs 5c lower.
BUTTER— butter market was steady to-day.
There was a good demand and stock moved freely.
Creameries — Extras, 14% c; firsts, 13@14c: sec
onds, 10@llc: imitations, fancy, 10(&llc. Dairies
—Extras, l*c: firsts, lJ@l'Jc; seconds. 9c Ladles
—Extras, 9@loc; firsts. B@Sy 2 c packing stock 7c.
EGGS— buying was indifferent, while sup
plies were' liberal. The feeling was weak. Many
pooreesrs wi re on the market. Fresh stock, 9@9Va c -
MONEY— Was 0% on call and B(»7% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 90c
premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— ApriI, 618,4 c; May, 62c; July,
63y.@63%c.
(,ukN- April, 285-8 ?-. May, 283/ 8 c; July, 30y4C:
September, SoJ ji@3l)'vi«c.
OATS— -May, J»»/ 8 @18%c; July, 19 Vic; Sep
tember, 193/ i.c.
PORK— iiav, $8 05: July, $8 25: September,
$8 45.
LaKD— May, $4 67%: July, $4 82%; Septem
ber, R4 95.
1 ibb— May, $4; July, $4 17%; September,
$4 30.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., April 29.—
supply of cattle to-day was liberal. The demand
was good, and prices were generally steady.
Heavy beeves were an exception, a decline of 10c
being reported in them. Offerings of hogs .were
large. Prices declined 2y s @sc for heavy lots.
Light weights were steady. Sheep were in large
supply. The demand was, however, satisfactory,
and prices were not any lower.
CATTLE — Receipts, 17,000. Fancy beeves,
$4 20@4 25 ; choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $3 95<jtl la: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, $3 80<$3 90: medium steers. 1000
to 1400 pounds, $3 Uo@3 75; common steers. 950
to 1400 pounds. $3 4- (S3 55: choice feeders,
900 to 1150 pounds. $3 65(a»3 90: common to good
stackers. $3 15@3 HO: bulls and slags, choice to
extra. *3 05; bulls, poor to choice, $2 25@
2 90; cows and heifers, extra.s3 50@i3 85: cows, fair
to choice, S2 4U(<fi3 40: cows, common to fair,
$1 6OTd);2 25: calves, good to choice, $4 25
(a.4 75: calves, common to good. $3#4 20: Texas
steers, poor to choice, $'2 80@3 65; milkers and
springers, per heal, $20@40.
HOGS— Receipts. 35.000. Heavy packing ana
ebippins lots. $3 30(53 50; I common to choice
mixed. S3 30(a)3 65; choice assorted, $3 60@3 75;
light, $3 4&(J3U3 75; pigs. $2 90@3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts. 20.0J0. Inferior to choice,
f2 50&3 75; lambs, $3 25&4 35.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds. Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares-
Money on cull easy at '2%93%: last loan at 2y 2 %;
and closing offered at 2-Vit , Prime mercantile
paper, sVa@"/t- Bar silver, 687. Mexican dollars.
64c Mrruui; exchange steady, -.vita actual busi
ness in bankers', bills at. »4 b/ 3 4@4 88 for sixty
days and #4 88 8 /i@4 89 for demand. Posted rat»«,
(4 88%@4 90. Commercial bills, 84 87@4 87 >/a-
Government bonds steady; State bonds dull; rail
road bonds easier. Silver at the board was quieu
closing STOCKS. J
Am Tel & Cable— . 93 | Norfolk 4 Wei"... l/«
Aichison- 1& % Preferred. 53/
Preferred 2 *% ' Northern PaclUo.. 1%
Adam« Express... 160 Preferred l 2y g
Alton.TerreHaute. 65 Norm western.... ..iOs:s,.
American Express. 113 Preferred I*B
American Tobacco. 7 1 V4 N. Y. Central 9>J
Preferred .• 97 N.Y. Chlcagodsm, 14
Bay State Gas ■* 18,- i Ist preferred 78y
Baltimore & Ohio.. 17v4i 'id preferred. 8 2%
Brunswick Lands- 6 /8 N. Y.& N. H , 17 1V2
Buffalo. Boch <fcl\ 16 K. Y.dtNew Ens. 40
Canada Pacific.... ,60 N.Y. <3t W.» HVi
Canada Southern,. "OVal Preferred...;..... 248 a
Canton i»nd. ...... «'Jy B Ontario:. 14 /4
Central Paciflo.... 15y 8 Ontario & Western. 15%
Cbes. 4 0hi0. ...... 171/4 Oregon lmproTmb '-■ 1
Chicago Alton 164 , Preferreo... , — .
Preierrea I/O j Oregon Navigation, 18
Chicago, ±J.<fc «.... »1 3 /8 Oregon short Lin*. 7s/
Chicago E. H1... 41 Pacific Mau 28
Preferred. 10t< Pcona. l3.& Evans. • '^Vm
Chicaitouas «9 S /S Plttsburg Si W pW. 10
Cleve Plttsbur^.lßO Pullman Palace...
Consolidation Coau M Quicksilver....;.... 1
Consolidated Gas.. 133% Preferred...... „ 15
C. C. C. <feSU Louts. 3,">VB P.eaaing.... 1214
Preferred ....... »l :RtoUrandedlW*su 18
Cola Fuel & iron.. HI ' Preferrea. ....... 43 ;
Preferred 100 Bock 151 and ....... 717/ 8
Cotton Oil Cert. ... 14 Rome Wat AOgd»alls
Commercial Cable. 15a bt. L. &s. vv ...... . 43^
DeL Hud50n.. .....12 .Va Preferred......... 11
Uel.Lack&Westernl 9 j 6t. Pau1..;... ...... 7834
jjenverdt It. t»..... -. 1.-iVi Preferred. ........1281a
Preferrea. 49!'4!»t. Paul& DuluUi. 2*
Ui»ilUer».... „ 19V2 Preferred......... 86
General Electric... 37 , i St. Paul & Omaha,. 437 A
trie...... 15 1 Preferred. ........ 122
Preferred .... :-,9 l B '- P. M. &M. ....110
Fort Warns.. 160 Silver Certincates.. . 6H14
Great Northern Southern PaclUa.. 19%
Greenisay % boutnern A. tt..... g^
Harlem .29& ■■. Preferred. .... 3134
Hocklnar Coal '<* /i fcugar Refinery.... 1 2-' it !
Hocking Valley... l'V4 Preferred.. ...... 102:f.i
Homestake 30 Teen. Coal A Iron. 30i/a
H. £ Texas Cent,. a % Preferred 100
Illinois Central.... 9' , Texas Pacific. . 81/0
lema Central....... 9y Biol.A.A.<fcN.aiich.—8 iol.A.A.<fcN.aiich.—
• Preferred ..... 36y 2 ■} 01. & Ohio Cen.... 83
Kansas <£ Texas.— I- 1 /* 1 Preferred..'. 73
Preferred 2S jol.St.Louis<ii£.'(i 6V«
Kingston <£, Pern... . 3 ■ Preferred 10
Lake Erie A Wesia 19 .Union Paclflo 83/ M
v Preferred ......... 7214 L P.. Den. <& Uojjt H*2
Lajte 5h0re...;....X-0 iD.B. Corda««...__ 83/t
Kalional Leaa«.... 2iJ%!. Preferred _ " 10
: Preferred 01% Guaranteed....... 21
Long Islana 80 U. B. Express.. ,. 40
Louisville & Nash. &2% V. B. Leather... - g7/
ixjuisville On. .8% Preferred..... ~ 621/
Preferred Jl V. S. Ruober.... 27
Manhattan Consoi. loß3^' Preferred. *~ 86
Wnnpnis <t Charls. 15 t'llca iB. River" 150
Mexican central... j 1 I W'ab. S. L. «t Pao.. 7 =
Michigan Central... E7y a " Preferred m /.
Mlnn&S. L......... — , Wells-Fargo .1 98
Preferrea.........— — .Western Union." 857/,,
Minn. <t St. Lcom. 19y»|Wis Centra.. .'......■ ■ 3 /8
Ist preferred 79% Wheeling <b L. X.. loi/i
"- Sd preferred.-.'.... : - 52 I ~ Preferred......... 37 *
Missouri i'scltic... 27 s /t< Am Cotton ou pfa. 58
Mobile* 0hi0..... 21% W V Beef.. g
KashvllleChatt....' 6B Ann Arb0r......... 9
N atlonal Linseed.. 18% l Preferred . . ... .... 25%
N.J. Central. ...... i 7 Brooklyn Traction. a3?4
North American... Wai ■(
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1896.
CLOSING BONDS. vl
UF4l>.rfe 108% il XT 2ds..'. ;'; GO
Do, 48 coupon... 1U93/4 D 0.4*...... «•>%
I" I? is new res.... 117 4 Mutual Union A 5.. .114 jj
■ Do, 4s coupon. ..lLS5 /8 N J Cent Gen 65...l
Do. 25............ 95 Northern Paolsts. 1171/4,
Do, 65. ...... U.iJ Do. 2da... ...... ..114%
- J (i. ;.s c0ut)0n....11:<»,4 - Do. bOs ;;. ...'.'..'-76%
Cherokee 48. 1880. 100 - Northwest Consols. 1 '■'•'.<
D 0.1897 100 Do. ceo OS- 107
I;o. 1898 ....... 100 : OJtt.N 15ta...... 109%
1>0,1899 ....... 100 SiL&lronMtGenOs 80 '
Fertile 6s of '9s — Lit SF G«n 6s. 11l
D. C. 3-6 bs aO9V4 ft Paul Consols ...13V
Ala Class A 4. 106 .fct. P. C. &Pa lsts. 1171/8
Do. Clans B 4, 6s. 106 Do. Pac Cat '«».. 110
La C0n501 45.'. ...... 97% Foutbern R. B. ss. 93*4
Missouri funding..-— ".Texas Pacific firsts 4)0
X Carolina con 65.. 124 . Texas Pac seconds. -•'■iVu
Do, 4*. ...... .....104 UnionPac lstofßß.lOß
So Carolina 4%5...106 West Shore 4».;... 1053,4
Ifnnnewai 88 L 4 Mobile <& Ohio 45.. 68V 3
Vs funding debt... 01% RtiranaeWest law 76
f». Reg .......... , iches*. O6s 111%
fo. deferred 85... 6 !Atchlson4s - 80 V*
Do. trust rents at 6V 8 Do. 2ds a.._ 26%
Canada South 2ds.. 104% H&SA 6s 105
ten Pae letsof '»& 101% Do. 'id 7s. .......100
Den 4K v Ist... 114 . H&Tex Cent 65.. 108 %
Do. 45....... 91% Do.con6s X'0 l 2
irie2ds..... .-, 66% Reading 4s 79%
Kansas Pa Consols 75 Missouri b5. ....... 100
i».a ir» lais Den dlvl 11 I
; •'. ~'\ j. FOREIGN JIAKKKTS.
WHEAT IN LIVEBPOOI.
LIVERPOOL, Kno., April 29.— The spot market.
Is quiet at 5s 6d@ss 7d. Cargoes dull at Sl7a 6d,
arrived
futures. yi'.V. :
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: April,
6s sd; May, Os s' l; June, 5s 6d; July, 6s sd: Aug
ust, 5s sd.
SECURITIES.
LONDON. Bug.. April 29. — Consols. 111*4;
silver, 31 l-16a ; French Rentes, 102f 17% c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — *4 881,4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89 V*
Sterling Cables 84 89% 490
New York Exchange, sight....:.. — 07y a
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver. %l ounce — 68
Mexican Dollars 64 54y
CONDITIONS IMPROVING.
Trade Seems to Be Shaping Better In
I '\f. '■'■■ the East.
Henry Clews, the New York banker, gives the
following encouraging report of trade: "Gold ex
ports are much smaller than expected, and the
outward movement usual at this season seems
likely to be small. The reasons simply are that
the trade balance is running much more favorably
than a year ago, for exports are increasing and
imports diminishing, while our Indebtedness
abroad has already been reduced to a minimum.
Should the present efforts of the international
bankers toward creating a better feeling respect
ing American securities prove successful that, too,
will have a favorable bearing on the exchange
market, provided London buys our stocks and
bonds with more freedom, as now seems the dis
position.
"The treasury reserve is already very high: so
that the prospects of smaller gold exports than
last year relegat ■ all doubts on that score to the
distant future. Railroad affairs generally are in
more satisfactory shape. Reorganization matters
are making satisfactory progress, and favor
able developments in this ' direction are
not improbable. Railroad earnings in March
were somewhat disappointing; but some
improvement may be looked for t even if
trade shows only a partial revival: and as the corn
crop is finally beginning to move that must inevi
tably increase future earnings. The easier rates
for money and belter market for commercial
paper are also Indications of the general improve
ment upon which the present rise in stocks Is
based."
MEETING OF FRUIT MEN.
The San Francisco Fruit Exchange announces
that "a general meeting will be held at the ex
change on Friday, May 1. at 5 p. . if., when im
portant correspondence from Eastern dealers and
California growers will be read, touching the inter
est of every dealer or handler of fruit. It is hoped
that dealers will make it convenient to be present."
»
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHKAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Ellesmere takes for Cork 83,683
Ctls, valued at $89,958.
The inarke continues dull at nominal quotations.
No. 1, $1 07%@l 0H3 /4 $ ctl; cuoice, 91 10: lower
grades, $I@l 06*4; extra choice for milling, 91 16
@1 22y .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— 6oo
tons, $1 07 Vi : 500, 91 07*/ 8 . May— loo, 81 07»/ ;
Regular Morning Session— December— 6oo
tons, SI 06%- *i
Afternoon Session- — December — 100 tons,
81 06%- May— J 00, $1 073/».
BARLEY- Very quiet. Feed, 70@73%c$Ctl;
choice, 75c; Brewing, 80@87y 2 c
.- CALL BOARD KAI.KS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Regular SioßNiNo BKBBlON— December— 300
tons, 75c: 100, 751, 8 200, 76*/ic: 100, 75iAc;
100, 76% c May- 100, Vie
afternoon .Session — December— 100 tons.
75c: 100,7434 c; 400. 75% c: 100, 74% c.
OATS— Business Is uule<. Milling, 7b@B2iAc ®
ctl; fancy Feed, 82*A@87*/2C: Rood to choice. 76®
80c; common to fair, 67%@72%: Gray, 72i>(a.
80c; Surprise. 90c®$i 1» ctl.
CORN — No change to report. .Large Yellow quot
able at 8834<ffi9Uc%* ctl ; Small Hound do, 87%c@
$1: White. 8?y @90c ?! otl. "Y2M9
BYE— 76i/4(g.7fe34r f» ctl.
BUCK\VHKAT-S6@9oc •$ ctL
FLOUR AND MILXSTUFFS.
FLOUR— cash prices are: Family extras,
*3 75@3 85 '$ bbl: Bakers' extras, 93 55@3 65;
superfine, &2 75@3 <$ bbl.
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $20@20 60;
Cracked Corn, 821 %i ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prices in 10-Jb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2S4c; Rye Flour, 814 c: Rice Flour. 7V a c; Corn
meal, 2»4@3c; extra cream do, 3Vj»c; Oatmeal,
33,4 c; Oat Groats, 4y 2 c; Hominy, 4<S4y,c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y 2 Farina
4y 2 c; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c: Rolled Oats, 4y»c-'
Pearl Barley, 4y a c: Split Peas, 4»4c; Green do!
BV4C %4 ib.
HAY AM) FKEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— sls@ls 60 ■& ton.
MIDDLINGS— $ ton for lower grades
and $18 60@19 50 %* ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS - Rolled Barley, 916@16 50;
Oilcake Me* at the mill, 920 <£ ton; jobbing, 921-
Cottonseed utlcake. 8 21 "$ ton.
HAY-Wheat, $B@ll 60: Oat, 88@9: Wheat and
Oat. 9 8&11: Barley, 87@9: Alfalfa? $7@9; Clover,
$b@B 60; Compressed, *7@lo 60; Stock, 96&07 %*
ton. *
STRAW— 3O@6Oc 'ft bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— prices for Limas have again
been advanced. Bayos are quotable at 90c@Sl •$
ctl; Small Whites, $1 26@1 45: Pea, 8126®
81 60 * ctl; .Large Whites. *I@l 10 « ctl: Pink,
90@95c; Reds, 91 26; Blackeye. 91 40®l 60: Red
Kidney, nominal; Limas, 82 76@3; Butters, 91 40
@1 60 for small and 91 25@1 60 for large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 50
@2 25 9 ctl; Trieste, 82@2 50 % ctl; Yel
low Mustard. *1 40@l 50; Flax, 8 1 70@l 80- Ca
-2y7c t *r^p,fe^ @9yaC^ tt>: R^-
DRIED PKAS-91'25©l 40 ■& ctl for Nlles and
91 25(g>l 45 for Green. .
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— OId continue firm, but new Pota
toes are lower at 90c@$l 25 5V ctl; River Burbanks,
40@50c; Oregon Burbanks, 60@70c %* ctl: Oregon
Garnet Chiles, 75@85c; Early Rose. 60@i0c; Peta
lurna and Toaiales, 45@55c * ctl; Humboldt Bur
banks. 65@60c it ctl. .
ONIONS— Quoted at $1 76@2. New Onions are
weaker at 91 25(0,1 50 ctl.
VEGETABLhs-Arrivals were 376 boxes As
paragus, 647 boxes. Rhubarb and 066 sacks Peas.
A The feature of the market was the arrival of 300
boxes Mexican and 113 boxes Los Angeles 1 oma
toes, and lower prices are expected in consequence.
.Beans and Peas continued in heavy supply and
weak. . > . .. . . j ■■. - .". ■ -■.... ,■/-.-■ ■.■
, Summer Squash quotable at — — & H>: Egg Plant,
— — V Ib: Los Angeles Tomatoes, 81 60@2 # box:
Mexican Tomatoes, 82@2 25 %* bx: Cucumbers, 75c
@*1 & doz; Asparagus, 81 50@2 25 SI box for ordi
nary and 82 50@3 for extra; Rhubarb, 40@85c;
Dried Peppers. 6@Bc: Green Peppers, 12*A|@15c;
Green Peas, 76c@81 25 ■& Hack for common and
81 25(3)1 60 for Sweet; String Beans, 6@Bc » 1b:
Horse Beans, 25@b0c $ sack: Dried Okra, 12y a c;
Cabbage, 40c •$ ctl ; Garlic. *Vi@so f) Ib.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
'. BUTTER- Although arrivals have been liberal
of late, the continued .: packing and large orders for
shipment keep the market In good shape for sellers.
Crkambry — Fancy, ; 14c; seconds, 18@13^o
TP It)* ': ',;'.' '."'','■■-.:" **
Dairy— Fancy, 12y @13i; good to choice, 12c:
lower grades, ll@ll^c. - " •
EABTKRN— NominaI. ; -■■•/..-./:-'.--
CHEESK— Weak, at the decline. Fancy mild
new, 8c lb: common to good, 6Vi@7i/ac; Cream
Cheddar, 10@llc # lb; Young America. B@9c »
Ib: Western. 10@llc; Kastern, 12@13Vic^ tb. -
! EGOS— The market comlnnes to shade off under
liberal offerings of Eastern ' and Oregon stock.
Oregon Eggs, 12y 2 @l3c "# dozen; Eastern Eggs,
l"i%@l3c; Btore Kggs, 12ya@13c: ranch Kggs,
13Vj.©14Vj|C; Duck Uggs, 14(u)i6c "& doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Another car : of Eastern sold at 16c
for Turkeys, 96@8 '50 -, for Hens. 89 ' for '■ young
Roosters and $5@5 60 for old Rooster*. .
Domestic stock shows little change. Live
Turkeys are quotable at lfi@l7c ~r-' Ib for Qobblera,
16(ait>o for Hens: Geese, ii pair, 91 '25@1 75: Gos
lings, $1 50@2 50; Ducks, 91@6 for old and $5@
7 50 fi dozen for young: Hens, $4©6; Roosters,
young, 37 60@9 V doz; do. old, 94@4 60; Fryers,
$6(0,6 60; Broilers. f&6o@6 for large and $l'@4
for small; Pigeons, Si 50@2 for young and 91 bo@
175 for old. > -■:■-.-,- V--. •■ ■•!•-' ■•■■.•■■■ ; ■ ' ■ .• ■VT.
; - GAME— Hare, 91; Rabbits, 91 25 for Cottontails
and sign 25 9 uoz for small.
DECIDUOUS ANI> CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD. FRUITS— Apples, $1 2.":@3 box.
Four hundred and fifteen boxes of cherries came
in and were quoted at 60@75c for White, 60@7 5c
for Red and $1 50@'J %< box for Black. - ;^ . ; ;.
BERRiKs— some Strawberries are coming In
green and sandy, and such goods sell down to $2
chest. Receipts of strawberries were 625
chests, selling at $4@7 ¥* chest for Longworths
and $2@4 for large berries. :.:■■'". ?\ -v.;' V.nP
wooseljerries. 40@50p 1* drawer. .
Raspberries, $1 50 « drawer. • .
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. 60c@$l 50 for Seed
lings, $1 50@3 50 for Navels, $1 75@2 75 for Malta
Bloods and $1 50@2 for Mediterranean Sweets;
Lemons, 75c@$l 60 for common and $2@2 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Lime.i, $5 5U@6; Califor
nia Limes. $1; Kananas, $I@2 bunch; Pineap
ples, $3@6 dozen. • >  . .
DKIEI) FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rale on
the Fruit Exchange: -I
■ Cakload Lots— Apples, iy2@2c Tf» lb for quar
tered,' 2c for sliced and 4@4Vi c : for evaporated;
Peaches. 2%@4c and 6c f Or fancy; Apricots, ti%@
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@ll'c fl
tb for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 2y 8 c lor nti
pressed; White Figs, 4c In sacks: Pears," 7c $
lb for evaporated halves, 3V>@6c tb for quarters;
Prunes, 3@3Vic: Plums, 3%c H> for pitted and
I%(a2c for unpltted: Nectarines, 3%fflsc %* lb for
prime to choice and 51,2° for fnncyi
Jobbing Pricks— vaporated • Apples, ■ 4@4V2C
%i lb; sun-dried. l%@2c: Peaches, HCa>4c and 6(^tic
fur fancy; peeled in boxes. 11@12%c; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, 5@5y 2 c for 40(q)50's and 4%@5c
for sOra)6O's: Apricots- t: 1 / ) @9c for prime to choice,
3 o@llc for fancy Woorpurk: Figs, black, BV2C:
White Figs, 3@sc: Tears, 8c "$ tb . for evapoi
ated halves. and-4@7%c for quarters; - Plums,
3%@4c for pitted and l@l%c for unpitted; Neo
tar nes, 4@sc %* lb for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 334 c ft; 3-crown. loose, 3 c: 2
crown, 2c; seedless Sultanas, 3V2@33/ic; seedless
Muscatels, 2y 2 @2S4c: three-crown London layers,
70c %i box: clusters. $1 35@1 60; Dehesa clusters,
$2 lo@a 26; Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75; Dried
Grapes, 1* lb. •
Jobbing Pkices— Fonr-crown loose, 3%c;~ 3
crown, 234®3c: 2-crown, 2i4@2%c. Seedless Sal
tanas, 4c vlb; , Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, $1 50@l 75:
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, — '—,•■■■■
.NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc -$-.&>
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c "$ tb for paper-shell, job
bing lots; Almonds, 6@7y2C f* lb for Languedoc
and 8y 2 @loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 5%
@7c for Eastern and 4%@5V2C for California: Hick
ory Nuts, s(<£6e; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished-, Filberts, B@9c: Brazil Nuts. 9@loc
lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 ® 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c fi lb for
bright and B@9c lb for lower grades: • water
white extracted, 5@6%c %i lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4 1,4 a434c: dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX— a c •$ tb. •;■'.
■ PROVISIONS. v . .
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c f> tt» for heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c Q lb for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c lb for sugar-cured: Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, liy 2 c; California Hams. 10c %i lb;
Mess Beef, $m %« bbl; extra mess do, $8 50; fam
ily do, *10: extra prime Pork, $9 1* bbl; extra
clear, *1 f<A bbl: mess, $13 %i bbl; Smoked Beef,
10c $lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 6Vic lb
for compound and 63,4 c for pure; palls, 7y2C: Cali
fornia tierces, 6%c lor compound and b%c for
pure; half-bbls, 7c; 10-lb tins, 7%c; do 5-lb, 8c
COTTOLENE— 634c In tierces and 7s/ 8 c «i tb in
10-tbtins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 6%@7c f) tb; culls and brands, 6%.
@6c ~f> lb; medium, 6y 2 @6c; culls and brands, 4%
@sc; light, sc; culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 5c
% Hi; culls and brands, 4c: salted Kip, 4c i* lb;
salted Calf. 6@7c; salted Veal, sc; dry Hides, 9
f£loc; culls and brands ,7%c: dry Kip and Veal,
7"(g.Bc; cniis. 6@6c; dry Calf, 15c; cullh, 10c; Goat
skins, 20(j0>35c each; .Kids. sc; Deerskins, good
Bummer,2&(s3oc; medium, ls@2sc: winter, 9@loc;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@16c each; short wool,
i.'()(&3sc each : medium, 40@50c each; long wools,
65c each. Culls of all kinds about y«c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 3yj@3%c; No. 2, 3c;
refined. 5V2@6%c; Grease. 2y 2 c f« lb.
WOOL— We quote Spring Nevaaa. 6@9c tb;
San Joaqiun and Southern Coast, 6 months, 4@Gc;
San Joaquln, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquln, year's fleece, 4i/2@6i/2C.
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@4c "$ tb.
G£NKRAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 05@
4 071/3: June-July delivery, $4 20; San Quentin,
f 4 -M: Wool Bass, 24i/ 2 @26i/ 2 c.
COAL— A circular for Australia says: "The total
amount of Australian that can poss'nly reach here
prior to July 1 cannot exceed 16,000 tons, so that
it is very evident there will then be a very scant
supply of Colonial Coals here on band; in fact
there are now some grades of Newcastle very
scarce here, which are being replaced by British
Columbian steam Coals at full figures. There are
in all about 90,000 tons capacity already engaged
to load Coal in Australia for here; 80% of this
amount has not' yet been loaded, and some of the
ships already listed will not be at their loading
port for several months yet. - Values have changed
but little since the last mail; freight rates on Coal
are reported a little easier, hence asking prices for
cargoes are somewhat lower. Cabled reports are
that the miners have gone out of some of the prin
cipal collieries, but as yet no details have been re
ceived; as tbere is a very large amount of tonnage
awaiting Coal the workmen will probably succeed
in their demands. This strike has been threaten
ing for several months. The final outcome will be
a probable advance in the price of Coals."
. Wellington is quotable at. $8: New Wellington,
$8 $ ton; sou t afield Wellington. , *7 50 «l ton;
Seattle. $5(0.5 50; Bryant. $5 60; Coos Bay, $4 60;
Wallscnd, *6 60; Scotch, $7 50: Brymbo »7 60:
Cumberland, #13 50 In bulk and $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, : Cannel, $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60; Coke,
»10 50 in bulk and $12 50 "§ ton in sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash : Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c; Dry Granulated, a c;
Confectioneis' A, 5%c; Magnolia A, 6y*c: Extra
C, 6ygc; Golden C, 6c: half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes %c more. -
SYRUP— Golden, in bbU, 15c; Black Strap. 100
gal. ______
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for. dressed stock from the
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, s@sy*c; second do, 4%@
4S/ic; third do, 3%@4c $ lb. :
VEAL— Large, sto6c; small, 6@7c lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6y c; Ewes. 4%@5c
ft lb. •
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6(§(6%c $ lb. '
PORK— Live Hogs, 3»4@38/ 8 c %» tb for Urge and
B%c for small and medium: dressed do, 4V's@s :
V lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
fob 24 nouns,
rionr. or. 18.380 Middlings, 5ka..... 100
Wheat. Ctls 81,626 Butter, ctls ....... 418
Barley, cUs 13,680 Cheese, ctls. 370
Oats, Or, ctls 730 Eggs, d0x.... ...... 16,470
Beans, ska. 1,806 Hides, n0.......... 69
Corn, 600 Pelts. ........ 135
Potatoes, sks .. 1.16.H Wool bis 197
Oregon 689 Quicksilver, flasks 305
. Nevada 216 Chicory, bb15...... ■) 8
Onions, 5ki. ....... 58 Hops, bi5........... 16
Hay, tons. „ 301 Leather, r0115....— 64
Bran. »-».... 1.408 Lumber. M. feet... 10
DU MAURIER AND MOSCHELES.
The First Meeting of the Two Artists
in Gay Bohemia.
We first met in Antwerp in the class
rooms of the famous academy. I was
painting and blaguing, as one blagues in
the storm-and-stress period of one's artis
tic development. It bad been my good
fortune to begin my studies in Paris,
where, in the Atelier Gleyre, I had culti
vated the essentially French art of chaf
fing, known by the name of "la blague
parisienne," and I now was able to give
my less lively Flemish friends and fellow
students the fuil benefit of my experience.
Many pleasant recollections bound me to
Paris, so when I heard one day that a
"nouveuu" had arrived straight from my
old Atelier Gleyre I was not a little im
patient to make his acquaintanc.
The newcomer was Dv Maurier. I
sought him out, and, taking it for granted
that he was a Frenchman, I addressed him
in French. We were soon engaged in
lively conversation, asking and answering
questions about comrades in Paris, and
sorting the threads that associated us both
with the same place. "Did you know un
nomrae Poynter?" he asked, exquisitely
Frenchifying the name for my benefit. I
mentally translated this into equally ex
quisite English, my version naturally
being "a man called Poynter." Later on
an American came up, with whom I ex
changed a few words in bis and my native
tongue. "What the deuce are you? Eng
lish?" broke in Dv Maurier. "And what
the deuce are you?" I rejoined. And we
then and there made friends on a sound
international basis.
It seemed to me that at this first meet
ing Dv Maurier took me in at a glance —
the eager, hungry glance oi the caricatur
ist. He seemed struck with my appear
ance, as well he might be. I wore a work
man's blouse that had gradually taken its
color from its surroundings. To protect
myself from the indiscretions of my com
rades I had painted various warnings on
my back, as, for instance, "Bill-stickers,
beware!" "It is forbidden to shoot rub
bish here," and the like. My very black
hair, ever inclined to run riot, was encir
cled by a craftily conceived band of cro
chet work, such as only a fond mother's
hand could devise, ana I was doubtless
coloring some meerschaum of eccentric
design.
It has always been a source of legitimate
pride to mo to think that I should have
been the tool selected by Providence to
sharpen Dta Manner's pencil. There must
havebeen something in my "verfiuchte
physiognomic," asavery handsome young
German whom I used to chaff unmerci
fully called it, to reveal to Dv Maurier
those dormant capacities which had been
betrayed in his eager glance.— May Cen
tury.
« — ♦ »
THE STOCK MARKET.
The feeling was rather firm than otherwise yes
terday, but fluctuations were not wide. \
-; Business on the Bond | Exchange was excellent.
Capital seems to be flowing into the | local securi
ties at ,an unusual rate. San Francisco has been
behind the h ast for many years in speculation in
corporation shares, but It is coming to the front in
earnest now. jjj ' riS-'/ '•' ■ '.-'■'-
The Hollands Orange Grove and Water Com
pany - has declared a dividend of 6 per cent,
amounting to f 18,000.
The Calumet and Hecla Copper Mining Company
of Michigan has declared a divldt nd |of $5 per
share, or $500,000, payable May 15. Thi3 will
moke $45,350,000 in dividends to that date.
.The Ontario Mining Company of Utah will pay
its fourth monthly dividend of 10 cents per share
this year on April 30. '
At the delinquent assessment sale of the Con
solidated California and Virginia Mining Company
2800 shares of capital stock, on which the assess
ment was unpaid, were sold.
The last of a few seats offered for sale by the
San Francisco Stock and Bond Exchange at $2000
each has been bought by M. H. Grossmeyer, who
hag been elected a member of the exchange. j Mr.
Urossmeyer ' was one of the charter members of
the exchange, but sold his seat ■■ one year ago.
There are now thirty members. This is the limit,
and no more seats will be sold unless one of the
thirty wishes to retire. The local stocK and bond
business has improved immensely of late.
1 hree bars of Con. Cal. & Va. bullion, represent
ing the first shipment on the present run of the
Morgan mill upon ore from the mine, have an as
say valuation of 815,446 16, against a valuation of
$11,029 26 for the first three bars shipped during
the previous run. .
. BOARD SALES.
Following were the mum in the Ban Francises
Btoc* Board yesterday: ■ • ■
BKOtIUE MOBJUKO SESSION COVMJCNCINO 9:30.
100 8e1cner.. .46:600 Chollar.. .4oiloo 0vrmn....12
Inn £*£,*••• CC&V.. 1.70 100 P0t051....23
?SSn B S 11011 - 13 30 ° Crwn Pt...32|100 aeg 8e1....16
1000 Bulwer.. 3olloo G & c 38 300 S Nev....60
500Ca1eda....04 l 200 H&N .. .1.20 600 Union 51
IWChallng... 362000 Occdtl. 1.30 100 ...... 52
400 ........... 34 400 0phir. ..1.20
.''._' AFTKRN'OOV SESSION— 2 :30.
200 A1Dha.;.. .121250 G& C.....40 200 Bel.. 16
100 Ande5.... 27 100 Mexican.. 32 2oo S Nev... 61
100 Belcher... 4B 200 Occidth.l. 3o 200 Union. .;. 51
100 SS d !. c — 146 *°° S » 8 -- | 500 V Jackt...3s
100 Choilar ....42 • ;
Following were tne tune* in the Pacltto Stock
Board yesterday: .
T beodub session— lo:3o. i
200 Alpha... 10B00CC&V.. 1.70400 0cc1d.1.32V a
300 A1ta....;..08i100 Conn 80600 1.25
200 Ande5....27 200Clmp 01 800 Ophir. ..1.20
800 8e1cher... 46 200 02 300 .. 1.25
100 8<ft8..^... 61,800 Crwn Pt...32 400 0vrmn....12
*00 ....;.. .....52 200 Exchqr...o4 350 Poiosi 23
9°" ••••• 63|400 °& C 38:900 Savage... .2B
600 Bullion 1200 H<SX.. 1.20 400 Scorpion..o3
15UOCaleda.'..O6 400 1.22y a 300 58& M....16
bOO dialing.. .33l&oo Justice.. ..lN 000 *i Nev . 61
400 Chollar.... 800 Kentuck..O4 900 Union C...52
1500 .....40 (SOU Mextcan..3l 300 Utah 04
400 ........:. .41 400 .....32500 YJacket..34
750 CC«tV...1.t35 400 33 200 .. 35
700 1.67% 3200 0ccid.. 1.30
AFTERNOON HKBSION— :SO.
800 Alnba 11800 Chollar . ..42 300 0ccd..1.821«
400 Alia 08 600CC4V1.721/2 .00 I.Ho
300 Andes 27 500 .l.i,i COO Ophlr... 1.25
200 ...... .....28 100 Conn 8* WO 0vrmn....12
1500 Belcher..47 400 C Point... 500 Potost... 24
400 B<fe 8.... 651600 G &C 401000 Savage .28
400 ............64'600 39 300 58& M...16
«00 Bodie 49|300 H<fcN ....1.25 300 8 Nev. . 62
500 8u11i0n.... 12 200 Mexican.. 34 400 Union 53
100 8u1wer....80200 33 1000 Utah. ...06
250 Caled 04 100 Mono 15 300 YJaCKet..34
300 Challnge..3sl | •
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, April 29-4 p. m.
Bi<l.A*kfct.\ £l<l.Atked.
*Irha Con.. 12 13 Jack50n........ 40 —
A1ia..... 07 09 Julia. 04 06
Andes - 26 '28 Jnstle« .... 04 06
8e1cher........ 46 47jb"entucR. ...... — 04
Beat & Beichet. 54 66; Lady Wmi..» — 1)6
fc0d1e.. ........ 49 60 Mexican .. S3 34
8u11i0n.... ,. 12 13 Mono ... 15 —
Bnlwer ........ 28 30 Nevada viueaa. — 05
Caledonia. ...^ 03 04 Occidental 1.30 1.35
Challenge Con. 34 36;Ophir 1.20 1.25
Chollar... ;■' 42 43 Overman ...._ 12 13
fon.Cal.4; Va.1.70 1.76 Potosv .. 23 25
Con. Imperial. 01 02 bavrjre ...;.... 28 29
Confidence.. ... 80 85 beg. Belcher... 16 16
Lou. -New — 04 Blerra Nevada, 62 63
Crown Point... 33 34 Scorpion. ..... 02 —
Kaßtßierra«e» — 04 Silver Hi 11..... 01 02
Exchequer..... 03 05 Syndicate. ..^. 02 ■ 03
turetaLoa — 26 Union C0n..... 62 53
Would <£. Curry. 39 40 Utah... .' 03 04
oi, .Norcr».l.'.rU 1.-.'a Yellow Jaclcas. 34 36
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
100 Ama11e......... 165 700 Lockwood Con.. 84
100 160.800 ..." 33
Champion ...... '400 Savannah....... 42
Bid .........2000100...... 43
Asked... 30 00200 41
600 Grant............ 24200 40
300 - 251200 Sebastopol 70
! Kennedy 11000 60
8id....... 11 60:1000 66
Asked. 1300100 60
Keystone.
8id...... ...... IHIIIes 00
X.OCAI. SBCURITIEB.
Bid 60 San Francisco Gas... 9300
Bid 60 Spring Valley Water......... IOC 25
' STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
*> WEDNESDAY, April 29-2 p. it
rsITKD ST4TJC3 BONUi.
Silt. Atkea. • ■ Bid. A 'tend.
B4seonp..lCß% - D 8 4s reg... lbßy 8 109 •
Do, new is. ..118 - • |
." . '" MlMOirl.LANicmTs bon-ih.
Cal-BtCbiesii.lll-'!4113 IDo. 2d Iss 6* — — 1£
Cal Elec i, 6s. - 1 28 \ I' & O Ry 6s. 105 120 .
CntraCWSs. 95i/a 97 r*ChKv6s. — 107 V«
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 85 Pwl-st.Bß6i. — 116V^
EdsnL&P 120 — Reno. W'UfcL — 105
F&CHRR6S.IO4 107 KlverW Co 6* — 100
Geary-stKss.lolV2lo4 SactoP * L. . 100 1023,4
LosAneL.6j. - 103 . bF<fcNPKR»»IO2 loa^a
Do,Gnted.6s. - 103 bPRHAriz64 SM ( 97
Mkt-fltCble6slU3 , - SPRKCaI6s.. 108 Vail 1
DoßyConSs.. 106 KPiißCalos» — —
MevCNgß?*.' 95 105 Bi'BrßCalfls. 97% f»8»4
N FCKB 6s. 1073/4. — ISV\Vater6a..ll» JI9T/ 8
Ry Cal 6s. 102 107 6VWater4s._ 100 lOOVa
NltyCalßs. — — StklnU«tK6j — ' lOlVa
Oak Oas 65.. 100 104V 3 SunstT.fcT6s.loo —
Do. iss 6s. 103 — Suuer-stß&s.llO —
Omnibus Cs.. 1191,41191 VißailaVVCdl — 8i
PacltoUAies- . _'* .—'•'.
! ' ' ) •' •';■ ':, * WATKR STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37y a 40 (SanJosa 75 100
Alarm C 0.... — 61 Spring Valley 100 100y 8
...... . 6A* bTOCK-i.
Capital — 40 1 Pacific bight, 46 i 47%
Central  95 — ! Ban i-rancsca 9154 92V 2
OakOL&EC. -- - ■■' 63y» Stockton. .... — zivi
tacUaalmp. 86 87y 3 |
•• ••• ■■ IsaBKiSfHITOOCTi
riiemaiisFil.l7o — |Bun .......... 40 —
' ..''. COMMERCIAL BANK STO"KI
Amerß&TC. — — London 128 ISO
Anglo-Cal... 61 69 Loudon&SF. — 27%
BankotCaL.23Hy 2 240 Merch Xi,... 12 —
CalßD<tTCa. 54 65% Nevada...... — —
I'iratXatlonL. 173 182% bather B Go- ■■ . —
Urangen.... —•■ — |
.. '■: ■ AVISOS BANK STOCKS. '
GerS«tliCo..l4ls — Sav&Loan:. — 101
HnmbS&L.llOO 1450, Security....- — 260
Mutual ,37y 9 40 Union Trim. — blO
fai: BavUnion — 485
STBKKT KAII.ROAD ITOCK*.
Callfornla....lC934llO'WOak.BL<ftHaj' — 100
Oeary-5t..... 60 7' Presidio...-. 7 9
Market-st— 45% 46 |Sutter-5u..... — •. — '••
t - ' ■ ■ ruWUKK STOCK*.
Atlantic D... 16 — iJudson „ — —
EastrnD... 80 90 Giant... 24% 243^
California.... SO — 'Vig0nt....... 85c 90c
iiisrrw,Axi.orn BTi"t*
Alaska Piers. 95i/± 96y 2 iOceanicS3CO 27 29%
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMUla.. — — Pac Borax. 99 100
Cal Dock. ! i — — Pac IAN Co. — 80
Edl«on Light 116 117 - PucRoUMiU — -
GasConAssn. - — — ParfPaintCo. 6% 7%
Qer Lead Co. 86 — iPacTransOo. — 24
HawCASCa. 183,4 20 • PacT&TUo 55 70
HntchSPCo.. 22% 22% BnnsetT&T.. 41 —
JudaonilfgC • — ■ •'—■.- UniiedOC*. — M
ileri£xAßsulOO 110 1
'. BALKS— miIISIVO BMWIOSC.
* Board— . . -
10 Edison Light <fc Power C 0......: ■ Jl7 62%
100 do do 117 00
; 16 Giant Powder C0n.... 24 00'
20 Hawaiian Commercial 20 12%
100 -do- do 20 00
60 Hutchlnson S P C 0.... 23 60
60 do " do •.'..:.:.. '23 25
10 Market-st Rai1way........ .45 62%
20 do . do 46 50
66 Oakland Ga5.. ....................... .63 00 ■,
26 Gaslicht 83 00
10 do do 92 75
35 do do ... 92 50
$1000 S .VP Railway Bonds 102 60
$1000 S P Branch Railway Bonds.. 98 00
■■;■ ' ; Street— - .r'-f ■■■■-•■-•..■.■-■
100 Hawaiian Commercial... 20 50
135 Oakland Ga5......... :.... 6* 00
f 1000 8 V 4% 80nd5............ 100 25
93000 S P Of A 80nd5.... 95 25
BALKS— AFTKENOOJf SESSION. ■
Board— -
100 Edison Light & Power C 0...... 116 60 v
60 Giant Powder Con ................... 85 00
50 do do ....,: 24 62%
BO do do 1. 24 37%
.26- : do ; do ! ' 1........... 24 60
„60 Hawaiian Commercial..... ...... 2<» 00 "
75. do do -■•.;• 19 87%
25 Hutchinson PCo 23.12%
25. do •, do 23 00
126 do do 22 62%
<■■ 50 Market-st Rallwav 46 76 ;
$1000 N PCR R 80nd5...... 108 00
f2OOO Omnibus Cable 80nd5.'.... ....119 12%
20 a V Water..:.;..... ». 100 12%
20 do do,ss ......;............ 100 00
100 Vlgorit Powder • 90
--' ■•'-' Street— '''.: '- ■ ' ■ ■;.- ■ " . ■ ■ : ■■.'.
--100 Pacific Gas Imp ..'....'. 86 50
40 SV Water 100 25
THE CALL CALENDAR
April. 1896.
I Mo.
W. j
1
2
Vr.
lisa.
; 3 : |
-•*
/^Ntaat
5
i
11
10
fr& New Moon
*&'. - April 1
13
17
i
18
20
3Firsi Qua
April
25
(§) Fal l
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
BTKAMER | DKSTIN'ATIOJf. j
SAILS.
! PIKR.
Manposa.... | Sydney | A pr 80 2pm !
Empire Apr 30. 6pm
* unol ....... Harbor. I A or 80. I'm
Fomon«.....!dnmbulniß»» May 1 a PM
Cor °n» • i »nDie«ro..... May I.llam
San Juan.... Panama....... Jiay 1 la M
* rcata Oregon ports.. May 2. 4pm :
Plate of ca, ; fonlana.« May 3.10 am
Enroka.... jNewnor: : May 3. »am
Omaha ... Mexico May 3.10 am
Utvl'uebla.. Vie it Pet Sna May 4. »am
ABlanchan; Orecon ports.. May 4. spm ■
pallia tiusA.. -a:i J>ie<-ii May 6,11 am
UtyPeklns. China & Japan May 5 Spm !
»rac0. ...... com mv May 6.10 am
Weeon..... Kel Kiver May 6. 9aml
*• Paul NewDOrt May 7. Bav|
_Faralion... ■ \ naoina Bar. May 8. 9a Mi
Pier 13
' Pier a
Pier 9
Pier 11
PM S S
Pier 24
Pier -J I
i Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier It
PM S3
i I'ler la
I Pier IS
i Pier II
i Pier 2
STEMAERS TO ARRIVE.
City of PueDla.. I
State or Ctl
Washtenaw I
I Victoria <£ i'unei. Hound
P0rt1and... ..............
Tacoma
Crescent City
Hnmboldi Bay
Portland -.
Newport......'. ....„ ...
Panama......
Portland
Departure Bay
China and Japan
Han Diero.
Eel River
Coos Bay
Portland:
Panama
Yaaulna Bay
Newport.
Victoria <& PuKec sound
Crescent Ultv_
Hamboldt Bay
San Diego.. „
'Portland
..Apr 30
. Aor 30
..Apr 30
..Apr 30
..Apr SO
..Apr 30
...May 1
..May 2
..May -J
..May 2
..May %
..May 3
..May 3
..May 4
..May 5
..May 5
..May 5
..May 5
..May 5
..May 6
. . May «
..May 7
..May 10
Cleone
.Pomona.
Arcaia
Eurega _..
Colon
Alice Blancnard
Wellington
Doric
Santa rtosa.
Weeott.
Araeo
Qtieen
Colombia.
Farallon.
StPaul
Walla Wa11a....
Crescent cur. ..
North F0u1....
Corona
Empire I
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. B. Coast and Gkodetio Subvky Tidb>
Bcixktin Published by Official V
AUTHOEITY OF IHI SUPKRINTENDBXT. J
Thursday, April 30.
rises 5.12|M00n rises 11.03pm
sees ...7.01 1 Moon sets
April — 1 89fi.
> Time
Tim"
L W
j Time
|H W
Time
L W
(0 0.38 6.6 7.541—1.0 3.311 3.6 7.30
1 1.22 5.5 8.48—0.9 4.39 3.5 8.82
2 '2.14 5.2 9.44—0.8 5.42 3.6 9.50
3 3.22 5.0 10.41 —0.6! 6.35 ! 3.811.31
41 4.45 4.5!11.36 ! -0.3| 7.1« 4.0
L W FeetiH W I Feet It W Fpet H \V
5| 0.55 3.0' 6.11 4.3 12.^8, O.Oi 7.52
(5 'J.OO' 2.6 7.'J4J 4.8j 1.20 0.4 824
2.9
3.1
3.2
Feet
4.3
4.5
nun- in me above exposition of the tides ths
••rly morning tides are given in the left hand
oolumn, and the successive tides of the day in the
<mier of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide ot the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus slgri (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is aubtractlve
from the deuth given by ihe charts
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bkanch Hydroobaphio Oppick, TJ. 3. N. %
Mkrchants' Eichavbk. V
San Francisco. April VZ9, 1891 V. )
The time ball on Telegraph lull was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at H r. m.. Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtelbr,
Lieutenant U. 8. N.. in rharge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
.'; V' Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, April 29.
' Stmr Corona, Hall, 61 hours from San Diego,
and way ports: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
<fc Co.
' Stmr Empire, Anderson, 84 hours from Astoria;
lumber and ■ produce, to North Pacific Steamship
Co. ... . : ■ ■ . i^-yn
Stmr Arcata, Cousins. 91 hours from Portland,
via Coos Bay and Eureka; pass and mdse, to O C
& H Co.
Tug Vigilant. Randall, from cruise In search of
Br ship Republic
Tux Fearless, llaskeil, from cruise In search of
the Br ship Republic.
Br ship Ulrica; 122 days from Liverpool; mdse,
to J D .Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br ship Celtic Monarch, Morrison, 77 days from
Newcastle, NSW; 3927 tons coal, toßalfour, Guth
rie <fe Co.
Br ship Sir Robert Fernle, Cannon. 70 days from
Newcastle, NSW; 3798 tons coal, to J J Moore
&Co.
.Ship Yosemite. Fullerton, 10 days from Tacoma;
1827 tons coal, to South Prairie Coal Co.
Br ship Broderlck Castle, Ferguson, 58 days frm
Hongkong: mdse, to S L Jones & Co.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, 17 days from
Kutiului; 5910 bags sugar, to Alexander & Bald
win.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Christensen, 7 days from
Coquille River: 130 M ft lumber, to C F Doe.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup, 40 hours from
Stewarts Point; 100 cords bark, to Higgins & Col
lins.
Schr Newark, Beck, 18 hours from BoweDS Land
ing, bound to Redondo. Put in with machinery
disabled.
Schr Moonlight, Wlckberg. 61 days from Man
zanillo via Cuasteconiate 45 days; 275 locs of
prlmavera, to Dieckman & Co.
Schr Reliance, Skipper, 38 hours from Fisks
Mill : 70 cds wood, to R A Gilbride A Co.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 6 -hours from Point
Reyes; 45 bis butter, to J H Newbauer & Co.
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY, April 29.
Stmr City of Everett, Buckman, Nanaimo, R
Dunsmuir & Sons.
Stmr Excelsior, Donaldson, Nanaimo; J A
Hooper <fe Co. ••'-,';
Bktn Archer, Calhoun. Honolulu: Welch & Co.
Whal schr Bonanza, THton.. whaling: B F Tilton.
.-■"; ■-"•■.- Sailed.
WEDNESDAY. April 29.
Stmr Umatilla, Hunter. Victoria and Port Town
send. "
Simr Weeott, Whitney, Eel River.
Stmr St Paul, Leland, . San Pedro. .
Ktmr Arago, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlelield. Tacoma.
' Stmr Excelsior, Donaldson, Nanaimo
Stmr City of Everett, Bucknian, N&naimo.
Stmr Del None, Stockfleth, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Homer, DrisKo, Coos Bay. • .
ship Lucipara, Jems. Port Townsend.
BKtn Portland , Dermot, Astoria. >
Schr J M Colman, Treanor, Nlcolaefakl. -
. Schr Lizzie Vance. Hard.vick, Port Gamble.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Moro, Jorgenson.
Schr Bessie K. Anderson, Albion.
Whal schr Bonanza, Tilion, whaling. ' •.;,.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. ADril 29-10 p. it-Weather
cloudy, wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
. ;_.. _: Charters."
The ship B P Cheney loads lumber at New What
com for Shanghai, 60s— prior to arrival.
The Br ship Howth loads wheat at Tacoma for
United Kingdom, 235.
Spoken.
Mar 30— Lat 15 S. lons 34 W, ship Santa Clark,
from New York, for San Francisco.
April 23— Lat 50 N. long 8 W, Br ship City of
Benares, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Mar 16— Lat 10 N. long 36 W, Br bark Kilmallie,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
r Domestic Ports.
USA L— Arrived Apr 29— Stmr National City,
hence Apr 28. '
Sailed Apr 29— Stmr Newsboy, for San Fran
cisco. -.-•...■_ . . = . . . - . .-
POINT LOBOS— Passed Apr 29— Haw stmr San
Mateo, from Comox.for For: Los Angeles.
PORT LOS ANGELKS— Apr 29— U S stm
Philadelphia. . ■
MENOOCINO— Arrived Apr Schr Bobolink,
hence Apr 26. * %
sailed Apr 29— Slmr Navarro, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Apr 29— Bktn Tarn o'Shan
ter, from Santa Rosalia; schr Sailor Boy, trom San
Diego.
Sailed Apr 29— Stmr Signal, for Puget Sound;
stmr Alice Blauchara, for San Francisco.
■ POINT ARKNA— Arrived Apr 29— Stmr Green
wood, from Greenwood. - - -. ..
REDONDO-Sailtd Apr 29— Bark. Enoch Tal
bot, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed Apr 28— Br schr Rimac, frm
Port Blakeley, for Sydney.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr 28— Schr Elnorati,
from Eureka: schr Monterey, from Bowens Land-
Ing. ■ - - "■ ■•'■■■' ;■■ ■ •-■ ■; .-
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Apr 29— Schr Meteor,
from San Pedro. -...•-. ••■•.; .:_ .
FORT ROSS- Arrived Apr 29-Schr Ralpn j|
Long, hence Apr 27. ■ .
■ EUREKA— Arrived Apr 29— Stmr Farallon, hnc
Apr 28: senr Elvehia. hence Apr 25.
PORT BLAKELEY-sailed Apr -< 29— Bark Co
lumbia, for San i- rancisco. . :. •
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Apr 20 — Bktn
Catherine Sudden, hence Apr 10; schr Nokomls,
from Nbwport. ' ■ • .
- ROYAL ROADS— Apr 29— Bark Hea
per. henc- Apr 15. .
•.;.. NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Apr 29— Bark Ger
mania. hence Apr 23. ,»' ■.-.•• . : :
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Apr Schr Laura
May. hence Apr 9. .
Sailed Apr 29— Stmr Farallon, for Yaauinaßay;
stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Apr 29— Schr ; Rio
Bey, for San Francisco. -
X ,-.:. , Eastern Ports. ■
. NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 28— Ship Cyrus
Wakelield, from Cebu.
.'V:*;;. Foreign Ports.
MAZATLAN— saiIed Apr 28— Stmr Coos Bay.
for San Francisco.
LAUNCESTON— Arrived Apr Bktn Newt
boy, from Port Gamble. . "' '
NANAIMO-Arrived Apr Ship Elwell, hnc
Apr 2.
COLON— Arrived Apr 27— Stmr Allianca, from
New York. _ ,
BELFAST— Arrived Apr 27— ship Prince
Frederick, from Vancouver.
LONDON— Apr 28— Br ship Cedric the
Saxon, hence Jan 3; Br ship Lord Wolseley, hence
Dec 27. ■
Sailed Apr 28— Br ship Annie Maud, for Van
couver.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived Apr 27— Br ship
Port Logan, from Rio de Janeiro to load for e>an
Diego.
BROWHEAD-Passed Apr 28-Br bark Elliot,
hence Dec 28, for Queen st own.
DEAL— Passed Apr 28— Br ship Glenbreck, hnc
Nov 18. for Hull.
DOVE Passed Apr 28— Ur bark Invernle, hnc
Dec 15, tor Lelth. >
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Apr 28— Br bark Inver
coe, tor llartlepool.
Movement* -»r Tran«-.\tl:mtln Sr.w»-ai»r«.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Apr 29-Stmr Indi
ana, from Philadelphia for Liverpool. ■'■■.;■.;■•
Importation*.
PORTLAND— Per Empire— 777 sks potatoes,
781 sks outs, 200 M ft lumber.
• SAN DIEGO— Per Corona— ls pkgs mdse, 98 s!<*
49 bxs raisins. 267 sks concentrates, 21 ska tail
ings, 19 bdls dry fish, 2 bx« tools, 1 cs dry goods. i
cs sheets, 445 bxs lemons, 98 bis oranges, 57 pcs
cumins.
Port Los Angeles— 364 bxs oranges.
Newport— 397 sks corn, 110 bxs oranges, 3 sks
walnuts, 1 b.x lemons, 5 sks chili peppers, 1 bx
waists.
Redondo— 7 b.xs type, 106 puncheons win*. 3
bis lemons, 396 bxs oranges, 1 carload rails, 2500
sks barley, 1 cs ary goods.
Los Angeles via Re<londo— 1 cs drues. 4 pkgs
mdse. IS cs hardware, 80 tierces lard, 358 cs beef.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— 3 pkgs mdse,
12 ska seed, 15 bxs oranges.
Santa Barbara— 36 cs oil, 2 pkgs mdse, Ics but
ter, 11 bxs oranges, 23 bis lemons, 11 ska craw
fish.
Port Harford— l6 tubs 122 bxs butter, 62 cs eggs,
30 sks dried fruit, 1 pkg mdse, 72 bdls hides and
pelts, 2i> cs cheese, 4 sks tails. 281 sks bones, 31
pkgs iron, 93 dressed calves, 5 coops chickens, 13
bxs fish.
PORTLAND, ETC— Per Arcata— l bdl trees, 137
bdls tin, 8168 it lumber. 1316 ska oats, 3970 bdls
snooks. . ' • .. •
Consignees. *■'.'-..»,
Per Empire— Allen & Lewis ; A H Henry & Co:
D E Allison A Co: Dal ton Bros: J Everdlng A Co;
HDutard; McDonough * Runyon: Wolf & Son;
Thomas Loughran; . Moore, Ferguson «£ Co; Hum
boldt Lumber Co.
Per Corona— Kohler & Frohllng: J Dullard; Bos
ton Woven Uose and Rubber Co: Rosenberg Bros:
Ybarra Gold Mining Co; M. S Simas; Milwaukee
Brewery: San Francisco Brewing Co: Western
Union Telegraph Co: Cleveland Faucet Co: G R
Starr; Ko'thschild <fe Wise: Cluett. Coon Co; H
O Greenhood; W C Price & Co; Gray & Barbieri:
Eveleth A Nash ; Lev! Spiegel <fc Co; Chiuda A
Flach; Nash & BoesenecKer: Immel <fcCo: W E
.Vockson: Dalton Bros; Campodonico Malcolm;
Newmark<t Edwards: D E Allison & Co; Califor
nia Wine Association; Murphy, Grant A Co: JH
Ca'n&Co; Levi, Strauss & Co; Amer Press Assn:
Wood, Curtis & Co: Lachman A Co: HDutard; J
Hendy: Redington A Co; F P Bane; J B Sells: Cat
Fig Syrup Co; Whitman Barnes: F H Ames A
Co: L Scatena A Co; E J Matt; C M Volkmau; C
A Wetmore: American Oil Co; California Product
Distributing Co; J Ivancovicn <£ Co; A Paladins:
American Union Fish Co: Brlgbam, Hoppe A Co;
Milan! A Co; G Camilloni A Co: WC Price Co;
H Klrchmann A Co: Wltzel A Baker; J M Moore;
C E Whitney A Co; mils Bros: Philadelphia Brew
ery: Wheaton, Breon A Co; Smith's Cash Store: J
C Eckles: Bisslnger<& Co; Dodge, Sweeney & Co:
Hilmer, BredhoiV A Schulz; Enterprise Brewery:
Man i ranclHCO Fish Co: Norton, l'eiler A Co : Ben
nett A Murray; L D Stone A Co: Jonas Eriantjer &
Co: Pacific Coast Fish Co: Reilly. Walton A Co: S
Levy A Co; Russ, Sanders A Co; Western Meat Co;
Dairymen's Union: H NTilden Ji Co: J J Duffy;
Pacific Bone and Coal Fertilizing Co; Labor Ex
change.
Per Arcata— Selby Smelting and Lead Co; White
Bros: Anspacher Bros: Wetmore Bros; H Dntardi
ClatsopMillCo; A Wilhelm A Son; California
Nursery Co; A Cool.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
f, TO
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class &8.00
Second Class .$5OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS* CO.,
Gp»rral A cents.
ASTORIA ANLPORTLAP.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Etateof California sails.. ...May 3 and 13
Columbia sails. May 8 and 18
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. *.
600DALL, PERKINS CO.. Genl. Sap;*.
F. V. CONN OK, Ueiieral Azen',
; _^ 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
SiTEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM >fcra
O Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as -fc&SV
follows: . "
For Mary Island. Lorlnt:. Wrangel. Jnneau. Kil-
llsnoo ana 81tka (Alaska), at a a.m., April 14.
29, May 14.29.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Beaule, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
hatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. v
April 4. 9. 14, 1». 24. -9. and every fifth
day tnereafter. connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. R., at Tacom» with N. P. R. R_ '
at Seattle with O. K. Ry., at Port Townsend wltS
Alaska steamers. . - ■
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hunv
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., -April 3, 7, 1L
.15. 19. 2i. 27. and every fourth day thereafter
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco*
Port Harford (San Luis ObispoJ, Gaviota. Santa
Barbara, v entura, Hneneme. San' Pedro East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport; at 9 a. m.. April
1. ft. 9. 13, 17, 21, 25, 29 and every fourth day
thereafter. ; ..•■.• '
For San Dleco, stopping - only . at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m.. April 3. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23. 27, and
every fourth day thereafter. •
For Knseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Par. Altata and Uuaynias (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 A. M., Mny 8: str. Coos Bay, 10 a. m.. May 10
TicKet oflice, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. • '
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Geni A(rentd.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
COiFAGIIE GENERAL TRAXSATLAXTIQDE
French. Line to Havre.
pOMPANY'S PIER<NE NORTH /wn
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by <S«S?Ji
this line avoid both transit oy English railway audl
the disoomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Parii
nrst-cias3 $160: second-class, $11&
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. 8aude10n...... ~~"
LABi^TAGNk\Capt.*Rupe.'...*?.?r..^. 8:00 a **
LA BRETAGNK. Capt. Rup© ....V........
..:. .Ma. i(i "4**, x
LA TOURAINE, Capt. Santelli
LA NbßMAND"lE","capt."DeVo*nc"le...?f... * R A. *
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. Delonc'le....;..
i«. ' May ML Ta. K.
• MSr For further particulars apply to ■
„ o „ A. FORGET, Agent,
a venueia n °Frincf B ca - Agent 3" 6 ***W>a«9
OCEANIC S.S. CO. £% days TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, g^ HONOLULU '
NEW ZEALAND. IB " by,-. 1
AUSTRALIA. \/s.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, April 30.
at 2 p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur-
day. May "23. at 10 a. m. Special parry rates. -
LinetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust.. and CAPETOWN,
S. Afr. J. D. SPJRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Acts..
' 114 Montgomery at
Freight Ofnce. 327 Market st., San Francisco. .
«2£WK HAMBURG-AMERICAS LOB
wJgSJH»rfI!Wp TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
f^r-r-^Jf^^-rTT' Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Ch«>rbourjr, Paris & Hamburg.
Columbia May 7 I A. Victoria. May 21
Normannla......May 14 | F. Bismarck.... .May 28
L Cabin, $95 and upward; 11. Cabin, $60 and ?75.
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4V 2 h.. free of charza.
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS 6V» h
, FSV^i? c a i >ply 1 %. "AMBURG-AMERJCAS
LINK, 37 Broadway, N. \., or to Local Agents.
ROYAL MAIL STEAJTPACKET - COMPACT.
STEAMERS , LEAVE ASPINWALL >£**.
fortnightly for the West Indies and / Qs3|
Eouthampton, calling en route at cerbourgo,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
» T1 ?r > "5 h .i a l8 «°£ ilu } lag > ln connection with th«
racific Mall 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treat-
■re to direct ports in England and German-/.
«^E,n l £ a ,'i? from Ban F »»>cisco to Plymouth,
■2I?W5 Ul iisS l ? tol t Flrstc la*». f195; thirl
CUM, *•• ■"• For further particulars apply to
VAKROTT & CO., Agents,
- ■ ■ 306 California «fc '
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 6 1». Mi l»uil\ .
«cJ ■ /*£!£?* from K»ch *:n<l Sundays.
ass" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. .
— 'v,',' - STiSAMEItS: . ' 1
T- C. Walker, . J. D. Peters.
Mary Garratt, city of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cau Kav. and Impt. CoWANTS A PERFECT POUND
Statistics on the Best Methods
of Catching and Killing
Stray Dogs.
HUMANE SOCIETY'S REFORM.
Poun master Wcifzel Does Not See
Why His 0 fice Should Be
Regarded With Contempt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 29. f
The Humane Society has decided to
have a model pound. The pound of to-day
is not the pound that was conducted by
"Baby" O'Connell a few years ago, but
neither is the humane institution that the
society and the present Toundmaster wish
it to be.
Herbert 1.. Weitzel. Oakland's pound
master who works under the auspices of
the Alameda County Humane Society, has
an idea that there is no reason why a pub
lic pound should be a public nuisance. He
also does not see why a public Poundman
should be regarded as a common enemy.
He thinks there must be a perfect
method of conducting pounds, and has
determined if possible to find out how to
go about it.
He has sent the following letter to the
Poundmasters of about thirty cities:
To the Poundmafitrr: I am collecting data for
publication concerning the public pounds of
the various large cities of the country, and
will appreciate it if you will kindly give me
some of the facts with regard to that of your
city.
For convenience I will inclose a list of ques
tions on which I would like to be informed,
and if I may tax your courtesy for that and
any other items of interest concerning the
same It will be greatly appreciated, not only
by myself, but by the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals, for it is in the in
terest of the socleiy lhat I am working. Very
respectfully, H. Weitzel. '
The questions covering all the points of
interest to a Poundmanare:
Is the pound conducted under the auspices
of the Humane Society? How many deputies
do you employ? Is your otlice remunerated
by salaries or fees? How inaay wagons and
horses do you employ? What 'is the average
number of dogs and head of stock impounded
per month? About what per ceut of dogs are
either redeemed or sold? \vhai is your method
of catching dogs and of killing them? What is
the average expense per month of running the
pound? Can you send me a copy of that sec
tion of the city ordinance which relates to the
pound?
"I take a pride and interest in the
pound," said Mr. Weitzel, "and I do not
see why so humane an office should be so
generally treated with scorn. We have
made great improvements in this city
since the society took charge of the ponnd,
and with the assistance given by Dr. Car
-1 enter we have done a great deal of hu
mane work. But I want to have a model
pound, and that is the purpose 1 have in
view."
SETTING OUT THE FACTS
Alameda's Delegates State Their
Care to the Whole Dis
trict Delegation.
Askd Not to Take Any Action Till
TVs C unty\s Contest Has
B;en Considered.
Oakland Office Bah Francisco Call,}
003 Broadway, April 29. )
.E. A. yon Schmidt, chairman of the
Alameda County delegates who were j
elected at primaries, sent a copy of the fol
lowing letter to-day to all the delegates of ,
E. A. yon Schmidt, Chairman of the
Republican Primary Delegation-
the Third Concressional District Conven
tion :
To the Delegate! to the Third Cong rational
'republican Convention— Gentlemen: The dele
pates elected to represent the Republicans of
the county of Alameda in the Third Congres
sional Republican Convention respectfully
call your attention to the following facts:
First— The calls of the National and State
Republican commit provide that delegates
to the different Congressional conventions
thfill be "selected in the Fame manner as the
nomination of a representative In Congress is
made in such districts."
Second— lt has always been the custom in
the county of Alameda to elect delegates to
the Congressional convention by open pri
maries. ■.::••-
Third— The members of the State Central
Committee, representing the Third Congres
sional District, refused to obey the directions
of the National and State Central committtes
and, instead of calling primaries in the county
of Alameda, appointed delegates to the Con
gressional convention.
Fourth l'lie Republicans of the county of
Alameda demandeJ that the State Committee
men from this county should cail primaries.
Their demand whs refused.
Fifth— The Republicans of Alameda County
then requested the County Committeemen to
call primaries. This request was refused.
Sixth— The Republican clubs of Alemeda
then took the matter in hand and appointed
members to represent them iv an executive
committee. This executive committee then
called primaries in strict conformity to the
calls 01 toe National and Slate committees.
The priniuries were held and 2000 Republi
can* voted at them. Tills vote Is greater thau
that cast at the Republican Congressional pri
maries four yenrs ago.
Seventh— Tbe delegates elected at these pri
maries met in convention and elected dele
gates to represent the Republicans of the
county of Alameda in the Third Congressional
Convention.
Eighth— These forty-seven delegates thus
chosen by the vote? of 2000 Republicans of
Aiameia County respectfully ask that you
favorably consider their request that you vote
to seat them in the Third Congressional Ke
publican Convention. And in support of their
request they point to the fact that they repre
sent 2000 Republican votes cast in open pri
maries. They also cull your attention to the
following words of Chairman Carter of the
National Republican Committee: ■•
••The call /or the National Convention re
quires that delegates from Congressional dis
tricts shall bo elected in the same manner as
candidates for Congress are nominated. If in
a given district the party candidate for Con
gress is nominated by committee, then it
would be proper to elect delegates to the
National Convention in the same way.' But in
all cases where candidates for Congress are
nominated at primaries or by elected delegates
in convention assembled, delegates to the Na
tional Convention should be selected in the
game manner."- . , •
Congressmen' have always been selected in
tne Tilrd Congressional District by a delega
tion elected by primaries in Alameda County.'
Believing that you are not in favor ot dis
franchising the Republicans of- Alameda
County and depriving them of a right to a
voice in the selection of a Republican nomi
nee for President of the United States, we ap
peal to you to aid the primary delegates from
thi* county in securing seats in the Third Con
gressional District and State conventions.
And we further respectfully request that
you take no part in the proceedings of any
convention of the Third Congressional District
until our delegation has been heard.
E. A. yon Schmidt.
DR. M'LEAN'S SUCCESSOR.
Rev. Charles X, Jefferson of Chelaea,
Mass., Declines the Call.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 29.— Rev.
Charles E. Jefferson of Chelsea, Mass., will
not, be Dr. McLean's successor.
A telegram was received from him to
night stating that he had concluded not to
resign from his present pastorate.
This leaves the First Congregational
Church where it was a year ago as regards
the appointment of a permanent pastor.
Several overtures have been made to
prominent Eastern divines, and it has
been stated that premature publication of
their plans has ended negotiations. There
are some members of the congregation
who t liink Rev. Jefferson never had any
intention of accepting tne Oakland ctiurch
and that he came out here at the church's
expense for the pleasure cf seeing Cali
fornia.
The trustees have almost decided to give
up seeking a permanent pastor and will
for a while employ temporary help. Rev.
J. Halleck is now in Oakland irom Ta
corua, which place he left a few weeks ago
on account of his health, and it is sup
posed that he is looking for another church
and would like a call to the Firat Congre
gational.
Altnough Mr. Jefferson's call was made
unanimous by the congregation there is
very little disappointment at his declina
tion.
DRAW POKER VOTARIES.
They Drew a Freer Breath Yes- 1
terday, When Not Called to
Testify.
A Kearny-Street Tailor Guilty of
Contempt of Court— Alameda's
Flora Fete.
ALAMEDA. Cal.. April 29.— The Re
corder's Court was crowded with witnesses
and other interested spectators this morn
ing when the case of The People va.
Joseph Emoric was called. Emeric was
charged with violating section 6 of ordi
nance 148, forbidding the keeping of places
where gambling may be carried on. The
City Attorney had personally laid tiie
complaint that on and prior to the 14th of
March Emeric had been conducting a
gambling-room at the rear of Zinggsßros.'
tobacco-store, 1421 Park street, admission
to which was gained by key and by being
known to the keeper of the rooms. Coun
sel for the defense challenged the com
plaint on the ground that it was sworn to
on information and belief only. This the
people objected to, and after citing author
ities pro and con Bruner's motion was de
nied.
The plea of not guilty was then entered,
and a solemn stillness held possession of
the room. The City Attorney had a sheet
of foolscap covered with the names of wit
nesses, in all some sixty. Would they be
called on to testify ? They breethed freer
when counsel agreed to a statement of
facts, thus dispensing with their services,
and agreed to argue Dext Thursday week.
The case of the People versus Charles
Powell will not be heard until the case
against Enieric is disposed of. He is
charged with allowing draw poker and
pedro to be played for money.
New Klectric Light Company.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 29.— The names
of the Park-street merchants who, F. N.
Delanoy said yesterday, were deeply in
terested in the formation of this new'com
pany. have been made public— at least four
of the rive names have seen the light.
They are: Ex-Tru«tee Stanley Stephen
son, oil and color merchant; J. B. Vos
burg, hardware-dealer; C. F. Fischer,
plumber and pastitter, and Joseph \v!
Jackson, furniture-dealer. The city ofli
cial organ, speaking on the matter, "says:
'•If it is really proposed to eatabiish here a
private electric plant of the magnitude
and efficiency stated, the board will most
likely get embarrassed in its tight to keep
it out. For such a plant would be of much
more value to the public than tbe munici
pal plant, even after the people pay $2£,000
to expand it."
A prominent member of the Municipal
League said to-day that tbe league looks
on this legal squabbling and fighting for
injunctions and franchises as a means to
an end. It is all for the purpose of depre
ciating the plant in the eyes of the public,
so that the 'kickers" may subsequently
purchase it for themselves at a reduced
iieure. He also said he is willing to rind
a purchaser to-morrow for the city's plant
as it stands for $50,000, if the city is will
ing to sell it. and obtain his commission
from the purchaser. This, he contends,
disposes of any embarrassment and in
creased value to the public of a private
concern.
Floral Fete.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 29.— "Better
late than never" is the motto of the
Woman's Exchange and Relief Socie'y in
regard to floral letes. A charming enter
tainment of this kind is promised Ala
meda by the ladies' management of this
charity for the afternoons and evenings of
May 28 and 2i». It it is hoped by that time
that the weather from Oregon will have re
turned and sunny days and moonlight
nights will again be in order.
A committee of .ladies from every church
in town has been requested to meet in the
council chamber ot the City Hall Thurs
day. April 30, at 2p. m., to assist in mak
ing full arrangements for the affair.
Contempt of Court.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 29.— John S.
Hand, a tailor of 431 Kearny strset, San
Francisco, was committed yesterday for
contempt of court to twenty-four hours'
confinement in the City Jail. He was
twice cited to appear before the court to
show cause why a judgment lor $75, rent
due, entered against him had not' been
satisfied, and failed to appear. Hence
his arrest and commitment. Thisisthe
rirst case of the kind on record in the local
tribunals.
Flotsam and Jetnam.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 29.— The rough
stormy weather and the conflicting cur
rents of the bay have cast upon the south
east snore of Bay Farm Island one of the
lifeboats of the ill-fated and submerged
ship Blairmore. It was discovered by one
Louis Hammer, and though one side is
considerably stove in, the boat is worth re
pairing.
A Floral Car.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 29.— One of the
prettiest sights seen on the streets for a
Jong time was the floral car of the Oakland
Consolidated Eiectric Railway, to adver
tise the Fabiola fete on Friday next that
was run over the Alameda lines all the
morning.
• * ♦ _
Jlnywavch Schoolchildren.
HAYWARDS, Cal., April 29.-Frank
Lake. Census Marshal for this district,
completed his returns to-night. He re
ports as follows: Total number of boys
between the ages of 5 and 17 years, 382;
girls, 373; total, 755 ; under 5 years of age'
302; attending school, 601; non-attend
ing, 154.
A doctor's ulster has been designed, the
lining of which is fitted with a maze of
pockets adapted for the reception of the
hundred and one surgical instruments and
drugs with which a physician is obliged to
be provided.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 30. 1896.
MAYDAY FETE BEGINS.
Unique Lantern Parade That
Brought Out Thousands
of People.
VALUABLE PRIZES GIVEN.
The Reliance Club Locked Best and
tbe Acme Turned Out
Strongest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Gall,}
903 Broadway, April 29. j
The Fabiola Mayday festival opened to
night with a grand lantern bicycle parade.
An unusually large number of riders
turned out and the streets were lined with
spectators.
Every club in line had a desitrn of its
own and bunting and flowers were used
very prettily in a hund-ed different styles.
One of the most noticeable features of the
parade was the large number of tandems,
on many of which the leading figure was
the bloomer girl. The prettiest single
feature was the tandem ridden by E. Burt
Lund and his handsome wife. They
headed the Reliance Club ridera and the
decorations and the riders were cheered
along the line of march.
The Reliance Club had forty-eight mem-
THIS WAS CHEERED ALL ALONG THE LINE OF MARCH.
j bers in line and was awarded the prize for
| the club making the best appearance.
The Acme Club turned out eight tan
i Jems and sixty-six men and was given the
I prize, a bronze statue, for having the most
men in line.
The Imperial Club of San Francisco
! came over with seventy-seven riders and
j was awarded the onyx clock, given for the
visiting club brinpi'nj: the most members.
The Sun Francisco Road Club had fifty
six men in line and the Alameda Cycle
! Club seventeen.
Charles Fair's horseless carriage also
joined the procession. A brass band in a
wagon headed the procession and the way
was kept clear by the mounted police.
The bugle calls and yells of the different
clubs helped to increase the enthusiasm
and the great Fabioia fete could not have
been launched under more favorable con
ditions.
This mornin? at 10 o'clock a decorated
car belosi ing to the Oakland Consolidated
line left Broadway for Haywards and vi
cinity containing the Fifth Regiment
band, which pave concerts on the way and
awakened interest in the suburbs iv the
coming fete. The car reached Haywards
about 12 o'clock and returned to Oaklaud
about 3 p. M. The car is excjuisitiveiy
decorated in red and white, with a trim
ming of feathery bamboo and geranium
ivy.
The front and back of the car are com
pletely covered with red geraniums and
roses, with the words "Fabioia Fete" out
lined in red roses on a background of
white flowers. The sides of the car are
banked In red roses, and the windows are
outlined with white callas. The en
tire decorations are extremely beautiful
and artistic.
To-morrow a decorated car containing
the Oakland concert band will make a
similar tour of this city.
STUDENT SOLDIERS FIGHT
Effective Sham Battle and
Maneuvers on the
Campus.
Another Election for School and
Wharf Wanted— A Novel Rifle
Shcot Arranged.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 29.— Despite
the heavy fall of rain last night and the
intermittent showers both this morning
and afternoon, the annual inspection of
the military department at the State Uni
versity took place to-day. Following was
the order in which the exercises of the
day were carried on:
Morning— lnspection by Colonel George H.
Burton, inspector-general, Pacific District
United States army; artillery drill— saber exer
cise; signal drill; concert by band of the Uni
versity Cadets.
Afternoon— Review in honor of Colonel Bur
ton; battalion drill; extended order diill;
solution of a problem in minor tactics; com
pany drill.
The entire morning was Riven up to the
inspection of the battalion by Colonel
Burton of the United States army, and to
the artillery and signal drills. The maneu
verings were entireiy or a routine nature.
In the afternoon came the events of the
day — the battalion aud competitive com
petition drills and the sham battle. Swell
society people were out in groat numbers,
notwithstanding the fact that the rain
fell quite heavily at about 2 o'clock.
Lad es with spring bonnets and umbrellas
were very much in evidence.
The baseball grand stand, with a seating
capacity of 1000, was completely covered
with spectators, besides many who were
standing in groups here and there over
the grounds. After the battalion drill and
review in honor of Colonel Burton had
taken place, the two battalions, under the
command of Majors Thompson and Me-
Cullock, took their appointed place* in
preparation for the sham battle. The
first brigade, under. McCullock, was sta
tioned at the lower side of the campus,
near the cinder track, while Major
Thompson's men betook themselves to the
gently sloping hills, back of the main
buildings, and prepared themselves for an
onslaught, it being planned that they
should take the offensive.
Within a few minutes after the com
panies had been assigned to their stations,
the booming of the two steel-rifled can
nons on the west of the campus and the
successive cracks from the outposts and
sharpshooters announced that hostilities
had commenced. Out from their ambus
cade rame the second batallion, and by
stow platoon movements, wit > continued
firmer, the two contending armies moved
toward each other until within range, too
close apparently for the first battalion, and
in consequence they were forced to make a
retreat. The conquering army rushed at
their foe with fixed bayonets until their
colors were drawn down. Tne defeated
men attribute the loss of the day to the
lack of strength of the artillery detach
ment and the more commanding position
of the enemy.
The hospital corps were out with their
stretchers and painkillers. Their maneuv
ering, as well as the feigned exhaustion
and death of the brave young soldiers, was
a fruitful source of amusement for the spec
tators. Twice when they were hurrying off
the field with corpses on their stretchers
one of them dropped his end and the bodies
were allowed to roil over on the wet
ground. In one case the "corpse" was so
distrusted that he got up and walked off.
Following the sham battle was the
competitive company drill. This drill is
held each year, and the company making
the best showing from every military
point of view is honored during the suc
ceeding year by being permitted to carry
the colors. Last year Corat any B held
the honors. On account of the reports
for attendance not having been in/the de
cision as to which shall be the color com
pany for '96-97 was deferred. Lieutenant
Winan said this afternoon that Com
panies A B F and D did especially well.
Burned in Effigy.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 29.— This
afternoon, immediately after the comple
tion of the inspection and drill, the junior
class marched over the campus in a pro
cessional line bearing a stnffed dummy
symbolic of their military life, and after
observing the appropriate funeral rites
over the remains of the effigy they con
structed a pyre and burned it to ashes.
Rifle Shoot bj Telegraph.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 29 —A novelty
in university cadet competitive rifle shoot
ins will be introduced in the near future.
The Illinois University cadets have ac
cepted the challenge of the Berkeley
cudet rifle team to a competitive shoot, to
take place on May 11 by telegraph. Ten
men will be selected from each university
as competitors. The Berkeley men will
use the 200-yard range at Shell Mound
Park. Those who are to participate have
not yet been named.
*'151ue and Gold."
BERKELEY, Cal., April 29.— The first
invoice of the first edition of the new
Blue and Gold arrived this morning and
.'M) copies went off "like hot cakes."
At fir.-^t copies were sold at $1 a piece, but
later the price rose to $1 25. The volume
was well received, and it was thought that
the few ''shots" directed at the faculty
would not rankle to the extent of arousing
retaliation.
Republican Club.
BERKELEY, Gal., April 29.— T. Wil
son, president of the We->t Berkeley Re
publican Club, has called a meeting for
next Thursday evening to organize the
club for the campaign of 1896. T..e meet
ing will be htld in the rooms of the
Progressive Club, on University avenue,
near Fifth street.
Another Election Wanted.
BERKELEY, Cat-., April 29.-Petitions
drawn up by the West Berkeley Progres
sive Club are in circulation for signatures,
asking that tho Town Trustees call a third'
election to bond the town for schools and
a wharf.
Death of B. A. Nordhnman.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 29.— Ernest A.
Nordhausen, who has been in business on
Broadway for twenty years, died this
morirng.
The deceased was born in the city of
Oldenburg, Germany, in 1851, and was 44
years 9 months and 9 days old when he
died. When he was between 5 and 6
years of age the family moved to the
United States and settled in Charleston,
8. C. It was there he grew to manhood
and received his education. His father
v. - as in the tobacco trade and conducted a
prosperous business. With his brother,
C. C. Nordhausen, Ernest came to Cali
fornia twenty-two years ago and opened a
clothing-store in Oakland.
Ernest Nordhausen was a devoted
Mason, had taken all the degrees up to
and including the thirty-second, and also
belonged to the order of th<> Mystic Shrine.
One of the other organizations to which
he belonged was the Oakland Turn Verein.
He was unmarried, and the only imme
diate relatives are his mother, Mrs. Marie
Nordhausen, a sister, Mrs. G. F. Heess
man, and his brother, Charles 0. Nord
hausen.
To Represent Alameda County.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 29— The inter
est in the jubilee celebration of the Ameri
can occupancy of California, to be held at
Monterey in July, is increasing. The
counties throughout the Stite nave been
requested to each send a lady to represent
them. Miss Marion Barney of Oakland, a
granddaughter of Colonel Jonathan B.
Htevenson, has been selected to represent
tha State of California. Miss Alice Stew
art of Berkeley, a daughter of Colonel
Joseph Stewart, U. S. A., will represent
Alameda County.
C'Hses Set for Trial.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 29.— The trial
of the gold-bricK mad wa-t set to-day for
July 10. A. de Santos, charged witn as
saulting young juris, will be tried July 30.
William Ciark, also charged with assault
ing little girls, will be tried July 21.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happening*) Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call )
908 Broadway, April 29. \
The suit pending to quiet title to certain
land on the estuary in East Oakinnd between
the Oakland Water Company and James La
Rue was dismissed to-day by order of the I
plaintiff. It is understood that La Rue's
title has passed to the San Francisco Savings
and Loan Society, and they have come to an
amicable arrangement with the plaintiff re
garding the title.
Last evening \V. A. Holcombe. who has been
ill for six months, during which time he has
been confined to his bed, suffered a slight
stroke of paralysis. This afternoon he had re
covered his speech and his condition seemed
to be improving. Drs. Rucker and F. L.
Adams are in attendance.
The divorce case in which Mrs. Baroteau
seoks to sever the marriage ties between her-
Bcli and her husband, A. A. Baroteau, and
which was set for trial before Judce Ogden
this morning, was Continued till Wednesday
next to be reset.
Ova of the lifeboats of the Blairmore that
capsized in the buy two weeks ago came ashore
at Bay Farm Island to-day. It is in the posses
sion of Louis Rammer, who is keeping it for
salvage.
The second bench show of the Alnmeda
Couuty Sportsmen's Association promises to
be a big affair. The tabernacle will, as before,
bo the scene olthe exhibit, and already exten
sive preparations are being made.
Council No. 2, A. P. A., of East Oakland, will
hold an open meeting In Odd Fellows' Hall to
morrow night. Major E. A. Sherman will ad
dress the members, and all interested are in
vited to attend.
HIS HEART IS UNTRUE
Captain John Curtis Is Sur
prised to Find That It Is
Migrating.
COMMENCED DURING THE WAR.
Strange Discovery of the Pension
Examiners While Rerating an
Old Soldier.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway. April 29. \
, The local Board of Pension Examiners
were considerably surprised this afternoon
while examining Captain .John Curtis for
an increase of pension to find that his
heart had left its original and proper po
sition and was taking a journey over to the
right side of the man's body.
The board consists of three of the lead
ing Dhysicians of the city — Dr. J. R. Brad
way, Dr. W. A. Fine and Dr. H. S.
Rucker.
The candidate was a captain in the
Seventh Minnesota Infantry under Colo
nel W. R. Marshall, now Governor of the
State. In June, 1863, he had to tender his
resignation owing to lung trouble, which
resulted in the loss of his voice. At the
time he was ranking captain and would
have been promoted major in a short
time.
The captain has suffered all of the years
since from lung trouble and came to Cali
fornia to escape the hard winters of the
East. He lives in quiet with his only
daughter at 964 Eighth street, but is un
able to be out much owing to the condi
tion of his lungs. He has drawn a small
pension for some years, but owing to his
poor health decided to seek an increase, so
he went before the board for re-examina
tion.
Tlie result was as much a surprise to him
as to the examining physicians. In fact,
he doss not yet clearly understand what
they decided about his ca^e.
"About a year ago," said he in speaking
of the matter, "I began to have queer feel
ings about the heart at night. 1 also no
ticed that I could not sleep on my right
side and to get relief I would have to lie
on my back and get my head lower than
my body. Soon severe pains began in the
jugular veins on the left side of my neck;
later this went into my head. It has con
tinued coming and going at frequent in
tervals until at times I feel as if drunK. I
also have sick fainting spells come over
me as if I was dying. It only lasts a short
time, but is miserable for the time being.
"The doctor told me to-day that he
found my heart was not in place, but had
moved over to the right until it was about
there."
The speaker indicated a point about at
I the point of the breastbone. He declared
i he was 67 years of age and was going to
live fifteen years longer at the least calcu
lation, as there was nothing to prevent it.
Dr. Bradway saidtbat the examination
! showed that Curtis was absolutely unable
to do any labor and that his lungs were
badly affected. Regarding the heart he
said, "Dr. Rucker made the examination
i in our presence and we afterward talked
I the case over. He said the heart was
I slightly enlarged and seemed to be moved
| over to the right several inches. How
| ong it ha 3 been that way or whether it is
i growing to the right his examination
i would not show.
"There are authenticated cases of a
heart leaving its proper position and grow
ing over to the right side. They are rare,
! however, and naturally cause much|trouble
I to the owner. The usual cause for such
| peculiar conduct for an organ a3 well be
! liiaved as the heart generally is, is that the
j organs about it enlarge and crowd it to
one side. Outside of the inconvenience it
causes there is no real danger to the per
son."
BRIDGES ON BRIDGES.
A New Method Proposed of Settling
the Trouble of Crossing the
Estuary.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 29.— Colonel
Lyman Bridges has a new plan for set
tling the difficulty of bridging the estuary.
He has submitted his plans to th« Board
of Trade, and when the new officers have
been inducted into office they will take the
matter up. His plan id as follows :
The all-Important thing to do is to build so
those who come after us will not have to undo
what we have done, ana now while some well
minded peonies who look only to this day's re
qnir ments are asking the good people of Oak
land and Alameila, or more properly speaking
Alameda County, to have but one combined
railroad and passenger bridge buiit with steep
approaches on either end, so that teams and
carriages can be dangerously accommodated
by a second story over the snorting steam
engine.
We tßke the ground that some system or
plans fur the future as well as the present
should be considered und adopted. How does
Oakland ever expect to become the greater
Oakland with only one second-story bridge?
Will that help Rssimilnte the interests of Ala
meda with Oakland? No. There should be a
biiihrent Mnrket street, Broadway, Oak and
Clinton streets, and the Wtbster-strcet bridge
removed. How can this be accomplished?
First, let the crossing of the estuary
\ at Broadway be done by commencing at the
j south side of Third street ftnd build r stone
| viaduct with a roadway twenty leot in width,
having ten feet in widtn on each stdo of the
street for sidewalk and half of the balance of
the street on each side of the viaduct for street,
which for Broadway would be two thirty-foot
streets, which is entirely sufficient.
From the north side of Second street let
there be a entrance to Third street
' to a tunnel built in masonry for two blocks,
; with an easy grade, from Thirdstreet, under the
es'.uary through a 24-foot iron pipe connected
with the tunnels at either end. At the Ala
meda end of the tunnel as gradual or a more
easy grade can be made than on the Oakland
side. The drainage of the tunnel is a simple
matter and when this economical passage-way
for vehicles, local streetcars, etc., Is accom
plished, then give us another viaduct at Oak
street, another at Clinton street and another
j at Miirket street, and the Onklnnd water front
will be a reality. The citizens of both cities
can avail themselves of the large tracts of
valuable manufacturing and commercial loca
tions, now nnd permanently idle for their non
aeces«ibiiity.
i The time must come wnen the immense ex
pense of idle and non-productive property on
either side of the estuary will be covered with
warehouses, shipyards and factories. Does
any stranger seeking a location have his con
fidence increased in any city that is begging
to have in six miles only one bridge across an
estuary of such importance to navigation and
traffic?
Let the Alice-street bridge be built ten feet
hieher than at present, and made for double
tracks with bom eau«es; also provide for a
single-track bridge for Peralta street, when re
quired, and work to a broad gauge intelligent
standard that shows confidence of a great city
in the near future.
» — ♦ •
I Again Disappointed.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 29. -The ladies
of the West Oakland Manse have again
met with disappointment. They were to
have uivon a concert to-morrow nipht for
the benefit of the manse, but the sudden
illness of the leader has caused an in
definite postponement.
The Baroness Burdett-Coutts is very
fond of all kinds of animals and birds,
and at her Highgate home she has an
extraordinary collection of them. Goats,
llamas, ponies, donkeys, nightingales,
parrots, robins and a variety of others are
among her pets, and all share her favor.
J? 1 ViwLiWl i vtiwv
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD.
WILL SELL THIS MORNING
AT 11 O'CLOCK. . ' . .
823 LARKIN STREET, NEAR GEARY,
Magnificent Upright Piano and Furniture
THIS AFTERNOON.
2612 SETTER STREET, NEAR BAKI.R.
AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Elegant New Piano and New Oak Fur-
niture, Pictures, Bricabrac, etc.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer,
19 Montgomery street.
GRAM) AUCTION SALE.
M. J. SIMMONS AUCTION CO., INC.,
Salesroom, 1057 Market street, opp. .1 ones,
WILL SELL THI^ DAY,
Thursday. April 30, 1896,
At '2 o'clock p. M. on the premises, ■;
SS^^'Bu h Street,
ALL THi. FURNITURE, '
Carpets, Linoleum. Pictures. Lace Curtains', Ele-
gant Range, Extension Table, Etc.. contained
in the above reside , . .
H. 8. KOZMINSKY, Auctioneer.
Remember the hour, '£ p. m.
J. 1 HUTfIER, AUCTIONEER,
Will SELL THIS DAY,
Thursday : April 30, 1896
Commencing at 11 a. jr. sharp,
At Salesrooms, 521 Kearny St.
ALLTIIK UNCLAIMED BAGGAGE OF THE
AMERICAN EXCHANGE HOTEL, including 40
Trunks, 30 valises, 7 Sewing-machines, 8 Sailor-
bags, 15 Parcels of Clothing. '20 Rolls of Blancets,
etc. J. c. MUTHER. Auctioneer.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J. \V. Wisslnger to Thomas D. Reardon. lot on
HW corner of Washington and Devisadero streets,
N 62 by W 137:6: $10.
James Simpson to Annie C. Simpson, lot on W
line of Baker street. 60 If Of Pine, N 26 by W
106 trust deed: ? .
Andrew B. McCreery to Stephen A. Born, lot on
S line of Golden Gate avenue. 146:10V a W.of
Baker street, W 25 by S 137:6: $1675.
Same to Leopold and Joseph Hirsch. lot on NE
corner of Lyon and McAllister streets, E 25 by >'
100; $3026.
H. G. Fluke lo Elizabeth Fiske. lot on E line of
Central avenue. 60 N of Clay street, E 100, If 30, B
50:11, N 10, X 50, N 27:8 Vi, W 200:11, S 67:81/4;
gift.
City and Count? of San Francisco to .Leopold
Seligman, lot on N line of Pas© street. 108 W of
Masonic avenue, \V 273:3. 3 276, E 381:3; S
S 251 :4V , 8 69Va W to beginning.
Peter Lynch and Thomas J. Cruse (executors of
i he estate of Richarfl Mulligan) to William and F.
J. Splaine, lot on N line of Twenty-iourth street,
100 E of Alabama. E 25 by N 104; $1725.
George H. Wolfe and laniel Titus to Samuel
Sussman, lot on E line of Jiurtlett street, 100 s of
Twenty-fifth. 8 40 by E 117:6; $10.
Ellen Meagher to John M Foge, lot on S line of
Valley street, 175 E of Church. 8 114, E 21:5. N'E
115, W 27:6; $10.
B. Kelsey to Ellen P. and Gertrude M. Church,
A.. E., George H. and Edith D. Buckingham.lot 16,
block 9. Noe Garden Homestead Union, N line of
Elizabeth street, 125 \V of Diamond, W 51:8 by N
114; $40.
A. E. Ball (executor of the estate of John Herzo)
to Anna Herzo, lot on ft line of Clay street. 60 E
ol Driimm, E 25 by S 59:9; also lot on N line of
Commercial street, 60 E of Uriimm, E 25 by N
69:9; $ 11,550.
Philip Ileuer to Doris Heuer, lot on SW corner
of Taylor and Lombard streets, W 77:6 by S 137:6:
gift.
Same to same, lot on St; corner of Jansen
Lombard streets, S 49:6, E 41 :9y , NW 64:43,4,
W 7 inches; gift.
Roselta A. Sedgley to T. W. and C. C. Rivers, lot
on N W corner of Vermont and Twentieth streets
(Napa), N 200 by W 200: also lot on E line of
Utah street, 27:2 X of Nineteenth (But c), N I*6,
V. 100, S 20. E 100, S 75, W 100, S 25, W 100;
$10.
Same to same, lot on NW corner of Nineteenth
(Butte> street and ban Bruno avenue (Nebraska),
M 50x100 W: $10.
William D. Farren to William Edwards, lot on
XE line of Point Lobos and Forty-third avenues,
M 51:3, ME 67, SW 41. \V 65; $1.
Willie J. Dodd to John J. Kenny, lot on W line
of Twenty-fifth avenue, 250 S of Point Lobos,
26. W 71:08.4. NW to point E 7M:7; $10.
William Pmcrson to Susie K. Pacerson, lot on
HE line of Cherubusco street. 475 S\V of Coso ave
nue, SB 140 by SW 25, lots 470 and 471, Gift Map 3;
gift.
Same to same, lot on SE line of Cherubusco
street, 500 SW of Coso avenue, SE 140 by SW 25,
lots 472 and 473, same: gift.
Theresa Qulna (nee Kay) to Albert Allen Jr., lot
on >> line of lobos street. 100 W of Plymouth, W
25 by S 125, block M. Railroad Homestead; $10.
Halite B. Davidson to J. S. Reid, lot on XX cor
ner of Worcester avenue and \V Ralston street, N
119:5. W 89:7, SE 14»:5, block 16, City Land As
sociation; ..in. >
O. A. swasey to Charles S. West, lots 1 and 2,
and fractional lots 3, 17 to 24, block 94, Salt Marsh
and Tide lands: $10. >
H. A. and Clara W. Jones, Charles S. and Ada
L. West to Le;.'a!let-Hellwig Tanning Company,
lot on 8 corner of Q street and Fifth avenue south,
SK 600, SW 100, NW 300, NE to 3 line Tide Land
Survey, NW to Q street, NE to beginning, ON.
and 11. Tract 91; $10. "
■ . ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Robert Gibson to Charles Jansen, lot on S line of
Woolsey street, 60 E of Calais. X 10 by S 135,
block Bi Harmon Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Julius and Augusta T. Sehunhort' to Philip and
Mary Rogers, !oi on N line of Prince street, 332 E
of Shattuck avenue. E 30 by N 105, being the E
30 feet of lot 17, block E.Newbury Tract, Berkeley:
$10.
I Oakland Loan and Investment Company to Peter
A. Corrtgan, lot, 19, block 1, Grove-street Line
Tract, subject to a mortgage, Berkeley; $10.
F. M. ana Mary R. Smith to W. F. Kroll, lots 1
to 9,1 4 to 17,32 to 41. block A: lots Ito 12, 18,
26 to 37, 42 to 49. 64 to 61 and 75. block B; lots &
to 13, 15, 1 >, 19, 20, 27 to 30, 46, 47, SO to I 8 and
71 to 74, block C; lots 23, 24, 36 to 41. block I)—
ail in the Everett Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
George and Ida Ingraham to R. J. McMullen.
lot on SE line of Davenport street. 310.50 NE of
County road No. 1525. leading from Oakland to
San Leandro, thence NE 80xi:-S4.25 SE, being lots
73 and 74, Searles Trac;, Brooklyn Township; $10.
James T. and Delia Hartley to XV 11. Cornell, lot
on S line of Saratoga avenue, 160 W of Orchard
street, W 160 by S 132:6, being lots 19 to 22 in
block 13, Amended Map Moss lract. Brooklyn
Township; $10. ,
Walter C. Beatie to Annie Rogers, lot on Nline
of Virginia street, 485:6 l- of Seminary avenue, X
2n by N 150, being lot 22, Bromley Tract, Brook
lyn Township: $5.
Pietro Peruta et al. to City of Alameda, lot lof
land to be taken for opening and extending Buena
Vista avenue, Alameda; $378.
J. and Barbara Tiedemann to John J. Hlggins,
undivided half interest In lot on SW corner of
Third and Bristol streets, W 108 by S 100, block
89, tract B. Berkeley Land and Town. Improve
ment Association, Berkeley: $10.
Charles and Elisie Wlemann to Andrew Helde,
lot on N Hue of Russell street, at the point of its
Intersection by the line dividing lots 27 and 28,
block 29, Smith's subdivision of the Matthews
Tract, thence N lSs.2f>. E 4U, S 184.09, W 40 to
beginning, being lot 27, block 29, Smith's sub
division of the Mathews Tract, Berkeley; $10.
.Warren and May L. Cheney to Clara c. Kit
tredse. lot on W line of .Arch street, 240 N of Vine,
N 60 by W 134:7. being lots 31 and 32. block 1, re
subdivision of a portion of T. M. A nllsell'a map of
villa lots, Berkeley; $10.
H. A. and Christine H. Pleltner to Ida E. Car?ill,
lotonSW line of Mills street, :00 NW of Baker
avenue, NW 100 by SW 210, being lot 17, revised
map of J. Levi (Sr.) Tract; Brooklyn Township;
$1900. v
Mary A. Couturon to Joseph Mazzinl, lot on N
line of Clement avenue, 337:9^» W of I ark street,
W 50 by N 145, block 43, lauds adjoining to En
ciijal, Alameda; $10.
James Smith to William Cornell, lot on E line of
Myrtle street, 5 ) S of Eighteenth, S 60 by E 100,
block 693, Market-street Tract. Oakland; $5.
| William Cornell to Annie Barnett. lot on E line
of Myrtle street, 70 S of Eighteenth, s 30 by E
100, block 693. Market Tract, OskUnd;" ffs.
: Walter V. and tiara Smiley to S. A. Bullock, lot
oq W line of Gold street, 170 N of Weston ' avenue
or Thirty -•eighth street, N 76 by W 145, lots 13, 14
and 15, nlock C, Broadway and '.Telegraph-avenue
Park Tract, subject t> a mortgage for $1400; Oak
la! d Township: $10. :
Katharine Kinsman to Peter and Ellen Toft, lot
beginning at a point 2874 W from W line of San
Pablo avenue and 450 H from s line of Park ave
nue. 525 by E 133, being the half of lot 10, block:
27, Emery Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
Cecelia Kelly, wife of Patrick, to Victor C. Jacks,
lot on line of School street, 125 X of Fruitvale
avenue. E 31.79. N 172. W 31.50. S 175.85 to be
ginniuz.in block U. corrected map Champion Tract,
quitclaim deep, .Brooklyn Township: $5. '
8. A. Bullock to Clara : Smiley, lot on N line of
lands of Dr. E. Kimball where said line Intersects
center line of county road, Hay wards to Hay
wards Park Homestead Union; thence NW 97
NX 375, SE 97. SW 375 to beginning, portion of
San Lorenzo Rancho, Eden Township ; $10.
Builders' Contracts. :
Charles Meehan with W. H. Wickersham, all
work except plumblnx, tinning, • gaivanlzed-Iron
work, heating and mantels for a two-story frame
residence, on S line of Vallejo street, 197:6 W of
Gough, Samuel J. JJTewson, architect; $5392.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELL IGENCE.
Movements of Trans-Atlantic Steamers. I
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 29 — Stmr South
wark, from Liverpool; stmr Majestic, from Liver
pool and Southampton.
Sailed— Stmr st Paul, for Southampton.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Apr 29— Stmr
Paris.
Sailed— Stmr Latin, for New York.
BREMERUAVEN— Arrived out Apr 29-Stmr
Halle.
BOULOGNE— Arrived out Apr 29-Stmr Am
sterdam.
GENOA— Arrived out April 29— Stmr Werra.
GLASGOW— Arrived out Apr 29— Stmr Prus
sian.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Apr 29— Stmr Spaarn
dani, for New Yoric.
LONDON— sailed Apr 29-Stmr Mississippi, for
New York.
ISLE Ol' WIGHT-Passed Apr 29-Strar Mo
bawk, from New York for London.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE,
319-321 Sutter Street, above Grant sve.
AT SALESROOM, THIS DAY,
THURSDAY, at 10:30 a.m., I will sell a large
variety of Parlor, Library, Dining, Bedroom and
Kitchen Furnitnre; also about 500 yards of Carpet
as good as new. S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
GEO. F. LiLMSOI, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4 lO Knarny Street.
TO-MORROW.
Friday _ t May 1, 1896
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
1009 Scott Street,
• Near Golden Gate Aye.,
....I WIM. SELL....
The Elegant Furnitnre of Residence
....COMPKIBIXO ... ..'*- 
1 Square Grand Piano: Elepant Odd Pieces Parlor
Upholstery; Fine Lace Curtains: Ottomans: Parlor
Tables; 1 Elegant Ebonlzed Bookcase, inlaid; Best
Body and Tapestry Brussels Cnrpets; Elegant
Etchings and Oleographs; 3 Handsome Chamber
Suits: 1 Polished Oak Chiffonier: Fine Lounges;
Extra Curled Hair Mattresses; Feather Pillows:
White Blankets: Marseilles Spreads; 1 Elegant
Polished Cat Sideboard: Oak Dining. Chairs:
Crockery and Glassware; 1 Fine Cook Stove;
Agateware; Kitchen Utensils; Laundry Articles;
etc.
Tebms— Cash.
• GEO. F. LAMSON, Auctioneer.
IMPORTANT
AUCTION SALE
Choice Roadsters, Mares and Geldings
By STEVE WHIPPLE(2:I2) : VOTER and ANDY
B, full brothers to Steve Whlpple, prop-
erty of MB, C. E. NEEDH AM,
BELOTTA STOCK FARM.
....ALSO....
Brood Mares (in foal to Direct), Trotting Fillies and
Geldings, by son* of DIRECTOR, CLAY an!
ANTEO JR., etc., property of
W. 11. CRAWFORD, PLEASASTOJ.
At the same time consignment of Road and Speed-
Ing Carts, Baggies, Phaetons, etc., from factory
of O'BRIEN & SONS, SAN FRANCISCO, to
be sold
this Tij^rsr
THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1896,
At 11 a. m. at Salesyard,
Corner Van Ness Aye. and Market St.
Horses at yard SUNDAY, APRIL 26. for Inspec-
tion. Catalogue now ready. -
KILLIP & CO., Auctioneers,
30 Montgomery St., S. F.
liiitMl'
ritefjSpf
loftfitr
reuo4MJ
A smart Broadway, New
I \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that.
jT ~l|j. JDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
KEABN Y ST. Established
XIV»9 ln 1834 for the treatment of Private
SBrJßibbon's Dispensary,
<>Iir>KEAEJiTST. Established
I In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Dlseiises. Lost Muuh<M,d. Dobllity or
JS& disease rearing on bodyand mindand
S»*i/»'iVv*S sk '" Diseases The doctorcure3 whan
S*!?Wii'^><! others fail. Try him. Charges low.
' £S«3ui!£B££filCnreneuarant<«d. Callbrwrlto.
Dr. Mm k\ <*£UUO3i, Box ltfB?.Sanf randaco.
educational.
M^^r^T^m~klvTlle s^?ydTsrT^studio~sl4
Sutter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution a specialty: vocal Sbakspearean
classes; skirt-duueint:, minuet, cavotte, etc. Vocal
classes resumed Monday at 8 p. si.; $1 per month.
■\rolCE-BUILDING, PANTOMIME AND ACT-
V ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st. : -
"PROFESSOR O. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OP
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
YRES\ THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st,; individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
l. OOKKPNG, WRITNO. ARITHMTC,
I) day it night; no classes; $5 month. 825 Mission.
UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
IJT lessons: $3 mo. MARY \VE*THAUS. 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian. 3 lessons w.; $3 m. Maze old. r.a7.
TJOOKKEEPING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY,
X> better than in any college on earth; 6 wks: no
one teaches my rapid calculations. T ARK. 659 Mkt.
A CADEMY OF DANCING. MISSES HUDDY;
x\. private and class. 6a Hyde; terms moderate.
SPaNIHU.FKENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE. '
MeisterBchaft School Lanjruages, 122 O* Farrell st
pELASCO"S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
-L> Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsal
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mlct.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, MX-
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay, estab. '64. VAN DKB NAXLLEN. 78KMKL
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST."
Bookkeeping,' business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer.' ne, telegraphy, modera
languages rapidly taught. Write fur catalogue.
\T IUHTSCHOOLitIEALC SKIS. CuLLEGE;'J4
X> Post : «-omm»rcial. shorthand. English: low ra'ei
■\7-IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; KEA-
V ponnble. PROF. FRANCIS. in46Vt> V»l«*nei».
' ~~
PROPOSALS.
"PROPOSALS FdR""RAISING AND " EN-
X larging a. school : building, for heating and
ventilating a school building, for building m
concrete bulkhead and " for constructing water
closets.— Sealed proposals will be received by th«
Superintendent of Common Schools, in open ses-
sion of the Board of Education, new City Hall,
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, May 13, 1898.
at 8:30 o'clock p. it., lor raising and enlarging the
Bernal Heights Primary School building, for heat-
Ing and ventilating saia buiidinz: for reconstruct-
ing a concrete bulkhead at the North Cosmopoli-
tan Grammar School, and constructing water
closets at the Columb a Grammar and Harrison
Primary schools, in accordance with plans and
specifications (and conditions named' therein) at
the office of CHARLEs.I. HAVENS, architect of
the board, room 65, Flood building, corner Fourth
j and Market streets. The boar«i reserves the right
to reject any or all b:d3 as the public good may re-
quire. <;e R iK B ANSTON. secretary.
LEGAL NOTICES.
'X^SIGNiEE^irSAL^pF^E^S^N^L^PRoK
-£». erty. •
AT AUCTION.
I will sell at auction on Wednesday, the 6th day
of May, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. m.. at the pottery of
A. STEIGER SONS in insolvency, at South San
Francisco, San Mateo County, California, all sewer-
pipe, terra cotta, material, . drainpipe, . firebrick,
common brick, horses, wagons, carts, one 42-foot
pliedrlver. etc., etc I will also sell at auction on
May 11. 1896. at 2 p. jr., at the corner of Eighth
and Market streets, San Francisco, Cal., terra-
cotta ware of said insolvents consisting of chimney- .
tops, vas»s, caps, etc. For further information sea
list on bulletin board at the office of the S. F. Board
of Trade, 202 Market st. . •
J. H. LYNDON, Assignee of A. BTEIGE*
SONS In Insolvency. ■
1314
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam^
710 Market sireet, open until 12 o'clock everj
oigfct in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— B3O Montgomery itreet
rorner Clay; oj)en until 9:30 o'clock.
5."9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
g\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, ope»
untii 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:SO o'clock.
Additional Classified Adrtiseve- j
mcnts on Page 13.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
nSi=~~CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1. F. •
t£Z& and A.M.. will meet THIS (TH UHS-tf^
DAY) EVENING. April 30. at 7:3o o'clock. T^JST
First degree. By order of the Master. ./"%•>
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
fiXS 1 " DORIC LODGE NO. 216. F. AND •
Bifi' A. M., 121 Eddy Called meet- -ff\-,
Ing THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at^Tr
7:30 o'clock. Third decree. All Master Ma- f^ST^ i
eons in good standing are invited. By order of the j
W. M. A. KRONBERG, Secretary.
tfcCS=» MOUNT MORIAH LODGE No. •
{£<& 44, F. and A. M. — Officers an! mem- i^%_,
bers are respectfully requested to assemble KL3T
hi the Temple fill II -KAY. April 30. at/^>
3 i" m., for the purpose of attending th.' funeral of I
our late brother, JOHN W. REID. By order of |
the W. M. THKO. FROLICH, Secretary. I
■j^sp GOLDEN GATE ENCAMPMENT /g j
B=^ No. 1. I. O. O. F.— Members arc re-'V" !
riurstcd to assemble in Encampment Hall XV i
THIS THURSDAY, April 30, at l:30X X i
p.m., to attend tbe funeral of our late brother,
JOHN W. REID. H. C. GEORGE, Scribe.
B^=» WESTERN a"d"dition
IPjß' LodseNo.!2Bs. I. O. O. F..will In- ■^jjgqSßg^
ltiate two candidates THIS (THURS- =^o9^"
DAY) EVENING, April 30, 189t5. 'V/IVK>
Visiting brothers Invited to attend.
EDWARD HOWE, N. G.
William F. Lke, Perm. Secretary.
tt^S= OFFICERS AND MEMBERS .^jJffl&Kr. "
U^? of Templar Rebekah Loilfto No--#%sssi^
19, I. O. O. F., are requested to attend
the funeral of ourdeceased sister, LIZ- '"-'-C'/i"^
ZIE BAKER (nee Marrim), TO-DAY (Thurs-
day). at 2 o'clock P. m., from her late residence,
1059 Ciav St.. Oakland. By order of the Noble
Grand. ILYDIA A. STEELE.
RSS» YERBA BUENA LODGE Ss&mL&i,
*&3? No. 15, I. O. O. F.-Members
are requested to assemble at Memorial 'S&KgxS^r
Hall, THURSDAY, April 30. at 1:30 •^"'^
p. v... for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother, JOHN W. REID.
E. G. HARRISON. N. G.
M. S. Ji:kfers Jr., R. S. ;
■fSr* SOTuYOME TRIBE No. l%JP>w
«£->£? Improved Order of Rod Men— The^|J«ii^>.
chiefs and members are hereby notified vU^
to be present at the wigwam of the tribe, 320 lost
st,, on THURSDAY, April 30, at 1 :30 p. m., to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, HENRY
DAVIS. P. J. PCHON, Sachem.
Civs. Wkstall, Chief of Records.
Gt~sp CHIEFS AND MEMBERS OF <N.
uf-*^ Pocahontas Tribe No. 11, Imp. O.^fijJ^.
B. M.,are requested to attend the funeral N^>f^-
of our deceased brother, WILLIAM GERS i M'.H,
from his late residence, 47 Clara s:.. THURSDAY,
April 30, at 2 p. II K. J. MURRAY, Sachem.
Hay A. Hard, C. Of R.
G£"S= ANNUALMEIiTING.— THE REGULAR
*£*£? annual meeting of stocknolders of the
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY will beheld at the oflice of the company,
327 Market s:., San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY,
the 12th day of May, 1596. at the hour of 11 A. m.,
for the purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer-books will close on Friday, May 1,
at » p. M. K. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
Bp^^BAD^TirNANTS i>jjECTiTD~FOR~f4i
st~»^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. -415 Montg'- su/room 6. Te'. 6580.
SITUATIONS wanted-fjimale.
/~Vompetent!'infa> "nurse!^s2o? neat
\J young girl for upstairs and care children, $12
to $15 : several competent general housework girls,
$15 to $25. For further particulars call, address
or telephone MISS HICKEY, 1033 Post sU
WANTED-BY A COMPETENT WOMAN, A
'» position for general housework: a good cook.:
country preferred; wages $20. MISS HICKEY,
1033 Post st.
V" Ui ; } : A RELIABLE WOMAN WITH BEST
J-' references, will take entire charge of infant or
grown children. MISS X KEY, 1033 Post st.
pOMPETENT FRENCH COOK DESIRES
'. situation : best of references : city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutterst.
Q ITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE
O American young woman as nursesiri or assist
in light housework in small family: will go for
Pin per month with mother's room and board:
references: car fare to be paid. MISS C. MOSS,
310 Turk st.
IP I RST^C LASS* GERMAN NURSERY GOV-
JT erness dcs res re-en?agement: qualified to take
entire responsibility and willing to take other
duties if desired; teaches elementary branches, also
music: excellent testimonials of former promi-
nent New York City patrons. Please call at pres-
ent employer's, 2312 Howard St.. San Francisco.
Ii OOK KEEPER-WANTED BY A THOR-
-O oughly competent young lady with 8 years' ex-
perience position as bookkeeperand stenographer;
best of references. Address Reliable, 1153 Wash-
ington St., Oakland.
/COMPETENT WoMAN WISHES SITUATION
\J as waitress or chambermaid: good seamstress :
San Rafael preferred; good reference. Call 2636
Butter st. .
V '< )M PETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
Kj to do hous-wor; in city or country; wages $5
to $8 a month. Address 1000 Washington st., cor.
Powell.
Situations WANTED— 2 GIRLS. ONE as
VJ cook, good American cook, other as first-class
waitress, in American family. Address 543 Frank-
lin st.
YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUA-
X tiontodo housework in American family; is
pood rook ; wa;es $20. Address S. VV., box 12,
Call Oflice. ; -: : • .«.
TEAT RELIABLE GIRL WISHES SITUa-
» lion to do general housework; small lamily;
wages $12 to $15. Address 27 Stevenson aye., off
Brady su >v; -■*:.; ?-.,
t i ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day: washing; cleaning. Call or address 151 li:.
Powell st.
A,| IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
tiou for light housework and care of baby;
wages from $8 to $10. Call 267 Minna st.
ELI ABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
general howsewori: city or country best of
references. Address 1807 Mission st
BIT ATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
vj girl for general housework and cooking. Call
2526 Post st. : no postals.
SITUATION WANTED TO d GENERAL
0 housework and cooking by reliable girl. Call
or address 2913 Bush si. v
yOUNU LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X saleslady or cashier. Address S. L., box 12,Ca11.
\T Tdo\V OF 34. WITH 6 YEARS' EXPEBI-
'» «nee, desires position as manager of first-class
hotel or rooming-house; is also first-cia^s pastry
cook; can give best of references. Address B. 8.,
box 1, this office.
Young girl wants PLACE tcj DO
X housework: good cook; family of adults; $20.
Address or call 17 Oak st.
YOUNG (.URL WANTS situation to do
X hous^wort in grown-up family; wages $20-
-good cook. Call or address 308 Page st. •
T\: ANTED-BY TH END OF MAY SITUA-
»» tion as governess during the summer vaca-
tion; experienced teacher; references given. Ad-
«lres3 A. D., Palo Alto.
GIOMPETENT AND RELIABLE WOMAN
\J wishes situation to do cooking, or would hell)
in housework; no objection to * short distance in
the couutry. c Address 229 Olive aye., upstairs.
YOUNG "WOMAN OF GOOD FAMILY, EX-
■l peritneed :iiilliiier and dressmaker .educated)
desires occupation with lir»t-cl»ss family to do
li^hl work through the house same as at home-
n.ust not s< w too much; change required by physi-
~ eian. Address C. i.., hox 91. Call otti.-e.
"WANTED — PLACE TO Jhj GENERAL
»» housework by a middle-aged woman who ii
capable: country preferred. 445 First si.; writ*.
/ < thMA-N WOMAN DESIRES A SITUATION
VI as working housekeeper; city or country. Call
at Red corner, Jackson and Sansonie, sts.
r "\f iddL:-agkd WOMAN wants A POSl-
l'i- lion as cook or laundress willing to do any-
thing that is respectable: a good home preferred to
hisji wa^es; city or country. Call for two days 17
1 Ouis at., be:. Taylor and Jones.
|> V SWEDISH GIRL TO DO GENERAL
I > housework. Cull &04 .'seventh st.
pOOD DRKSSM \KKK WASTs PLACE IN
vT private family, for^ewing and chamber work*
city reference. Apply 435 Bush it.
'woman wants housecleaning for
'' Saturday. all 136 Seventh st. -
7 ADY WISHES SITUATION , AS HOUSE-
IJ keeper; city or country. ; 137 Seventh, room 3.
CIOOK, A COMPETENT WOMAN.THOROUGH
/and reliable, excellent cook and laundress: is
willing and obliging and Dot afraid of work; mod-
erate wages. ■ 477 Jessie st.
VV ANTED— PLACE TO WOIIK BY THE DAY
»» and beep home. Call for 2 days, 11*9 How-
ard St., room 10. ; .. :.;.••* '
GIRL WA.M'S WORK BY DAY. WASHING
ror housecieaning; belt of reference. Address
■W. W., box 29. Call. . ..... .
Q ITUATION .WANTED BY a FIRST-CLASS
vj German laundress; best references. 319 Grant
aye., Ahi born House, room 62.. .
V" OUNG- GIRL WISIIKS TO DO GENERAL
X housework and plain cooking. Call 630
Na oi.ia st.
V KA! YOUNG GIRL .WISHES SITUATION
-L' in a private family; trawl no obieciion. 21
Rondel place, off Sixteenth «t. ■ • .
\\< ANTED - POSITION. AS WORKING
*» housekeeper by a Swedish girl; would do cook-
ing and housework : references. . Call •at - 2530
Mi siou st. ■ • • ».. . . • •-;■.■• i
"] >It LIABLE GIRL WOULD LIKE TO CARE
Xt fur children, or neat girl would like to do coo
iris and downstairs work. Call 811 Geary at.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
TVEFINED , LADY, TRUSTWORTHY, DE-
xV sires position as companion or nousekeeper.
Call or address 412 McAllister St., flat 1. " -
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN SPEAKING ENG-
lish, French and Spanish wishes a situation to
travel with family.' M. 8., 435 Bush st. ■ .
\\T ANTED— LADY DESIRES SITUATION AS
" cashier in restaurant or stationery-store;
references. I M. F. S., bo 126, Call Office. -
\\r ANTED— SITUATION itY AN. ENGLISH
, »' woman who is good cook ana laundress; 3
years on a ranch. Call or address 62 Natoma st.
YOUNG LADy STENOGRAPHER DESIKES '
1 a position: small wages. Call or address 1137 j
Misson st., room 10. ■ ■'
ESPECTABLE LADY WISHES TO TAKE
charge of a house during absence of family for >
the summer: best of references and responsible ;
guarantee. Address W. C. box 132, Call Otlice.
TDELIABLE ALSATIAN woman desires
■IX work by the hour, day or week: is good cook:
will do housework, take care of sick people, any !
kind of respectable work. Call or address M. H.,
6 Central place, off Pine st.
FRENCH GIRL WISHES A SITATION IN
-T family as second girl. Call 33 Fifth st.
\7OUNG W« iMAN, WITH CHILD 5 YEARS
1 old, wishes situation in country; no widower j
need apply. W., box 29, Call. j
YOUXG LADY WISHES SITUATION WITH j
• dressmaker: good sewer. Call or address 6 i
' Fella place, off Powell, bet. Bush and Pine.
WEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
0 general housework. Plense call at 1030ya
Minna st., bet. Eleventh and Twelfth.
N ELDERLY WOMAN WISHES A PLACE
in a small family to do -general housework:
good home; no objection to small wages. Call or
address 1014 Washington st. -..--: -
DEFINED WIDOW HAVING FIRST-CLASS
XV references as housekeeper; an excellent
cook; would take charge of gentlemen's club; city
or country. Address M., box 76, Call Office.
"TiRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE WORK BY
U the day or lake work home; reasonable; ref-
erence. 219 Golden Gate aye.
ANTED— POSITION a! WORKING
»» housekeeper: country preferred. Address box
48, Branch Call Office, 339 Hayes at.
\\f INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 10 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
tree bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
UNTSB ' <&^CaT^CH.I N "jAPAN^
ese employment oflice, 17 Webb st., below
Kcarny. bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help: tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
PC. O. COOK'd SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
• branches -.short notice. 14CJeury. tel. Grant 16.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
| 11 1 NESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J oflice; best help. 4141/2 O'Farrell; tel. >:. 426. j
AN AND WIFE, GERMAN. STEADY AND
reliable, wish a situation in country: on a pri-
vate place preferred: man do milking, care of
horses, cows, etc: wife do housework, cooking, etc
Address C. 8., box 74, this office.
p ERMAN MAN AND WIFE WANT RITUA-
VT tions: city or country; steady and reliable an i
not afraid of work; will do any kind of work: wile
good housekeeper. Call or address 242 Townsend
St.; rear.
TNDUSTRIOUS AND TRUSTWORTHY MAN,
x with several years' reference from last employer,
wishes situation as gardener and coachman; can
milk. 1). J., box 149. this office. .- ■:
UTCHER, 20, WISHES A SITUATION; NO
objection to city or country; board with em-
ployer if necessary. Address M. LEE, 713 Clem-
entina st.
YOUNO MAN WANTS ENGAGEMENT TO
X go to Europe; speaks English, German and
French; wages no object. Address L. C, box 82,
this office. '
"PAINTER AND PAPER-HANGER. FIRST^
X class mechanic, is seeking position for a few
weeks or longer; willing to co co country place.
Address S. A., box 19, this office.
YOUNG MAN (IF A GOOD FAMILY, WHO
X is refined, honest and sober, is out of employ-
ment; desires a place in a private family where he
can call it home. Address C. E., box 29, this office.
SWEDISH YOUNG MAN (19) WOULD LTKE
position In grocery business: has experience.
Address G. W., box 139, Call Office.
V OUNG MAN OF 18, RESIDING WITH HIS
1 parents wishes a situation to drive a delivery
wagon or team. Apply 1529 Turk st.
QTEA DV YOUNG GERMAN, 22, WISHES A
O situation: has experience in the grocery busi-
ness. Address T. PETERSEN, 821 Hampshire st
city. . .
SITUATION WANTED BY GOOD GERMAN
O cook for the city or country. Address G. A.,
box 90, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN DESIRES A SITUATION OF
X some kind; Is very handy: perfectly temper-
ate and can be trusted. K. N., 704 Howard st.
STRONG YOUNG GERMAN DESIRES SITU-
O ation of any kind: city or country. A. BARON,
656 Natoma st.
pARDENER, FLORIST, GERMAN, SINGLE,
VJ well-recommended; fully understands green-
houses; lone experience; moderate wages. Ad-
dress D, box 135, Call office.
ITUATION WANTED Bit SINGLE, MlD-
k' die-aged man, understands gardening, caring of
horses, milking and orchard work: wages $15 per
month. Address I). R., box 85. Call office.
p O ACHM AN— A THOROUGLY RELIABLE
\J man with first-class references desires situation
In private family. Address C, box 149, this office.
"ISESPECTABLE MAN AND WIFE DESIRE
XV to take c«re and charge of gentlemen's resi-
dencesdurlng their absence: best references. Ad-
dress A. S., box 148, this oflice.
ANTED SITUATION BY MIDDLE-
j » > man round » place: reliable ann strictly sober;
fully understands care of horses. milking and gar- !
den work ; best city reference. Address E. L., box j
4, this office.
ANTED POSITION" BY YOUNG MAN. 28,
»' in real estate or wholesale house; deliver, col- j
lect or any kind of steady work where there is a j
chance for promotion: , can furnish $2000 bonds; i
good recommendations: wages no object. Address i
A. C. T., box 15, this office. •-
yOUSGMA.N WOULD LIKE POSITION IN
X grocery business: has experience and good ref-
erences. H. WILLIAMS, 417 Mason St.
YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION TO •
X learn grocery business: salary no object. Ad-
dress S. W., box 3. Call Office.
ENGLISHMAN, 23, POSITION AS FOOTMAN
or second butler: references. H. MARK HAM,
233 O'Farrell st.
O TEA DY~~UE LIABLE MAN WANTS SITUA-
O tlou of any kind: city or country: good refer-
enct-3. Address J. X.. box 73, Call Office.
T^XPERIENCED YOUNG MAN WISHES
XJ position to take charge of naphtha launch or on
some private yacht: first-class ' references from
former employers. Address A. 8., box 123, Call.
p AHDENEK— YOUNG ENGLISHMAN DE-
vT sires situation to taice charge of private place:
10 years' experience; understands glass thor-
oughly: excellent references. Address •W. M.,
Sherwood Hall Nurseries, Menlo Park, Cal.
K ESPECTABLE AND PRACTICAL YOUNG
man, of some experience, wishes employment
iii mercantile business, with chance to advance;
good references. Address Chances, box 2, Call.
AN AND WIFE.GKRM AN.LIKE TO WORK
on farm. Call 221 Minna st.
LT A l5 LE, FIRST-CLASS YOUNG GERMAN
1 wants a .situation as barkeeper. Call or ad-
dress 547 Turk St.. grocery.
pARDKNER WISHES PLACE WITH PRI-
U vate family; middle aged: single. Address J.
O. C, box 163, Cull Office. rv
EXPERIENCED GERMAN GARDENER WHO
has worked in one of the largest wine-cellars
In San Francisco for over 6 years, wishes a posi-
tion as gardener or to work in a wine-cellar in city
or country: good references. Address A. X., 3161.4
Lanijton st.
(£•>•)-. WILL BE GIVEN BY A SOBER AMER-
*iij£'*-t ican for good position as a porter, watch-
man, janitor, etc. Address B. C, box 90, Call, g
RACHCAL OKCHAKDIST WANTS POSl-
tion to take charge; orchard, vines, stock and
general farming: 15 years' California experience;
A 1 references : will lease on shares. Address
Ranch , 3121/4 Fulton st.
SITUATION WANTED AS BUTLER. BY AN
kj Englishman; references. Address L. 8., box 68,
this office. .
Y"OUNU TRUSTWORTHY SCANDINAVIAN
X wishes , situation as man about place; under-
stands his work thorough!}- and will give the best
of references. Address S. L.. box 136, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED— FIRST-CUSS PRAC-
tical circular sawyer or baad; can file own cir-
cular saws: best of. references; also good mill
carpenter. Address Sawyer, box 106, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN TO
deliver and collect, cashier or sume . other good
position; speaks English and German thoroughly:
security given. Address C. F., box 64. Call Office.
ESPECTABLE GERM AN. WISHES SITUA-
Xk- tion as gardener on private place: good driver
and milker; tirst-class references. Address R. A.,
box 80. Call Office.
I>Y A YOUNG MAN, SITUATION AS COACH-
I-> man and gardener in private family; is a good
milker; first-class reference. Call or address 1238
Folsom st. . ■ ;
FtUaTION WANTED AS COACHMAN AND
ear.iener In private family; good reference- ex-
perienced. -Address JOHN POULSON, station B
East Oakland. ... ...,.,.',
'QTENOORAPHER, FIRST-CLASS, DESIRES
vj position; is also pood telegraph operator. Ad-
'iress sten:).. box 112, this office. --■ .' -.
' female liel.p .- WANTED.
T^E Xt VV ATiTR^SsT^COUNTRY hoteiZ
11 stPady year round, $26. Apply MURRAY &
HKAD'i, 634 Clay st. . .
I H A M BE H M MUST SPEAK GERMAN"
VJ plain hotel, ?20. MURRAY <t READY, 634
Clny St.. .;. .. .■ ■ -'. ' ;., ■ . . . _..■.■ ■
CIOOK, FEW BOARDERS, NEAR CITY.
; plain place. $20. MURRAY & READY, 634
Clay st. :,.:■.:, ■■<■■ . . : \ l ;'.: ■•-.. •■■;. .
\t eat second girl, keferekces.small'
i-> American family. $20; <<erman Chambermaid,
$20: colored nurse, $15, and other | places. Apply
MURRAY READY, 634 Clay st. '
I LUNCH C»>OK,' s2o; FRENCH. NURSE, $20-
J -Li 10 girls. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton su '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1896.
HELP ? WANTED— Continued. '
TXT A WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTBL,
• »» nice place, $20: 4 restaurant waitresses, $20
aiid;s2s; 2 cooks, German style, $25: 2 Scan-
dinavian and German second 'Kirls, $20: French
or German nurse, $20; and girls ior all kinds
of work in city or country; 12 young girls to
assist, $12 to $15. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 312
Sutter st. >■' ■•-. . ■ - ~ ' i-' ;:. - ; ■'■" . :
WAITRESS FOR SEASIDE HOTEL, $'20: 2
'» waitresses, same country hotel. $20; waitress,
resort near city, $20: waitress, hotel, city, »20:
chambermaid and wait dinner, t hotel, city, $20;
chambermaid, hotel, city, sleep home: waitress,
$5 a week; girls for housework, city and country
$15 to $25. C. R. HANSKN & CO., 110 Geary St.
\,\ r AN TED-COMPETE NT ENGLISH NURSE,
■>» $'J6; cook, 2 in family, $20: competent second
girl, $25: ■■■■ laundress for institution, $25: cook,
small restaurant, $20: 20 good housework girls,
i $25 and $20. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
butter st. •
I,V ANTE D— YOUNG GIRL - FOR SECOND
'» work and plain wash, $20 to $25: 2 Swedish
girls for cooking and downstairs. $20; 2 nursegiris,
$10 and $12: German cook, $35: girls for house-
work and assist, »25, $20 and $10. LEON AN-
DRE, 315 Stockton st. : '
COOK, BOARDING-HOUSE, $30; HOUSE-
work girl, Holiister, $20, San Mateo, $25, San
Rafael, $20, Sa ma?, $20; 12 housework girls,
! city, $20 and $26; 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN. 3^3 Sutter st.
■\teat waiters and chambermaid-.
IN boarding-house; $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
sutter st.
REFINED GERMAN OR FRENCH NURSE:
$16 to $20; one child. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. ■
EFINED YOUNG GIRL; LIGR.T WORK;
$12. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
5 WAITRESSES, city, $20, BOOM. ETC.;
German woman for chamberwork, $20, room,
etc. MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749 Markt.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN, HOUSEWORK,
country, 2 in family, $15; bousegirl. city, $20,
no washing; 4 houseglrls, $20 and $25. 315 Sutter.
"VTOTJNG GIRL IN BAKERY. 1504 TURK.
ANTED— GERMAN GIRL FOR UPSTAIRS
work and to assist at table. 660 Howard st.
rTAILORESS ON CUSTOM COATS: ALSO IM-
X provers and apprentices. 1028 Market. 2d floor.
IRST- CLASS GERMAN COOK: GOOD
X I wages. Call bet. 12 and Ip. M. 1608 Market.
YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; NO
X washing. 338 Oak st.
T?XPL'RIENCED HAND WHO CAN OPER-
XLi ate on vests. 35 Everett st
yOUKG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X 1313 California st.; apply after 9 a. m.
good waisthands asd an JyT-
prover. 504 Post st.
XPEKIENCED LADY; LINEN-ROOM IN
larye hotel. Call 809 Market St., room 7.
IRL to ASSIST IN general house-i
work; washing; wages $15. 1007 Pierce st.
p IIU. FOR GE.nERAL HOUSEWORK FOR
Mill Valley; alsk German nursegirl. 2102 Cali-
fornia st.
A" OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
■ X Corner Geary and Boyce Rts. : inquire grocery.
GIRL FOR GENE HOUSE WOBE AND
iJ assist with children. 121Sa Fulton st.
"anted— germXn GIRL SOB LIGHT
»» housework; small wages. 898 Fourteenth st.
WANTED-YOUNO GIRL TO ASSIST IN
'* light housework. 1434 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT
'» housework. Apply 401 Fillmore st.
ADY SOLICITOR. APPLY AT GOETZ 1
cutlery, 13 Trinity St., bet. 8 and 10 a. m.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN ; GENERAL
housework: 2 in family; wages $10. 1128 |
Turk st.
aTloress AND apprentice ON CUS-
X torn coats. 373 Natorna su
\OI'NG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH OrUL-
X dren. Apply 1218 Twenty-second st., bet. Aoe
and Castro.
IKL FOR HOUSEWORK. 1519 BAKER
street.
GO( LADY CANVASSER; TRAVELING
expenses and salary. Call at once, U. S. Indus-
trial Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
WOMAN OF 30 OR 40 TO MANAGE LODG-
'» ing-house. Call 514 Bush St.
/WANTED — (URL, COOK AND GENERAL
• " housework ;smaU family. Apply 1819 O'Farrell
A TED — NURSERY GOVERNESS WHO
" will understand the care of an infa t: refer-
ences required. Address N. G. A., box 128, Call.
COAT FIXISHRRS AND APPRENTICES.
841 Market st.
WANTED — VAUDEVILLE PEOPLE. AP-
'» ply to ARCHIE LEVY. People's Pahtceistage
dancing taught: positions procured if competent.
RIGHT YOUNG GIRLS TO LEARN DRESS-
making; paid while learning. BOWHAY, 604
Sutter st.
4 PPREXTICKS TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
-TV ting and making. 14 McAllister. rms67 and 6a
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week ; free 'bus to and from ferry.
AIRDRESSING. 25c AND 35c:. MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
r\RESSMAKING, CUTTING and FITTING
XJ taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. McDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
" Market— Electric lights In very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to jj-d per
week: *•*« bus to and from the lerrv.
MALE HELP WANTED.
QA f\f\n REr>w6ISD~TiIiEirT^"cUTT~FBOM
CJU.V/UU 9c to 12c each: tools and food found
by company; see boss here: blacksmith for a
! camp. $35 and found: 3 waiters. $30; 3 cooks. $30 I
i to $60: 2 dishwashers, $16 to $20. MURRAY*
BEADY, 634 and 636 Clay street
NGINEER FOR A RANCH; GERMAN GAR-
deuer, private family; boy to work in garden
! and other places. MURRAY <fc READY, 634
! and 636 Clay street. ■
W ANTE °— 3 QUARTZ MINERS. $2 50 TO
*» $2 75 day, iirst-class mine; woodsmen, $26
and board: laborers for country, $20 and board;
milkers. $20 and $25 and board:' old man to care
for place, $5 month and good home; woodworkers
; for country. $1 day and board: Italian, Swiss or
1-rench waiter, $9 week; bread and pastry baker,
$9 week, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANTED-A MAN TO DRIVE CARRIAGE.
'» attend garden and work for private family;
$30; reference reauired. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento street.
U'iTER-MAKER WHO CAN FURNISH 3
milkers: country; $100. C. B. HANSEN <fc
CO., 110 Geary si.
AN AND WIFE. PRIVATE PLACE, COUN-
try, with references, $40; colored porter and a
barber, summer resort. C. B. HA.NSfe.ti & CO.,
110 Gerry st. " '
■VTIGHT ENGINEER AND MACHINIST WHO
Xi can rnn dynamos and storage battery for ho-
tel plant in country. C. B. HANSEN <fc CO., 110
Geary st.
HEF, COUNTRY HOTEL, $80, SEE PARTY
I here: head cook, meat and pastry, country
hotel, $60; pastry cook, hotel, $10; head cook,
hotel, city. $70; dishwasher, country hotel, $20
C. R. HANSEN CO., 110 Geary St.
PETERSON. ENGINEER. PLEASE CALL.
. C. R. HANSKN & CO., 110 Geary st.
\A' ANTED— SECOND BUTLER FOR CITY
"» $30 to $35. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sutter st.
W ANTE D-W A I T EB, PLAIN restau-
" rant, $30; young man to wait at table, sma 1
country place, $20 and found; German boy to wait
at table, $15; butler, $40, etc. LEON* ANDRE,
315 Stockton sc. ■
W ANTE AGE-PAINTER FOR A
" first-class country shop: $2 50 to $3 i er day;
steatiy place. W. D. EW er <fc CO., 626 Clay su'-
D~ish washer, *25, it u»i, .K., o.^^i"
early: waiter, $25, room, etc. : second baker,
$25, room, board, etc: head waiter, $30, room, etc.
MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749 Market st.
SECOND COOK. COUNTRY HOTEL, $25. HO-
T.KL GAZETTE, 240 Kearny st.
IV' ANTED — THREE MEN OF GOOD AP-
" pearance, who can furnish first-class referen-
ces, to -solicit nnd collect. Apply from 9 to 12
Thursday and Friday, 3d floor. Pacific Mutual build-
Ing, corner Sacramento and Montgomery sis.
XPERIENCED CANDY-MAKEK WANTED
with $300 to buy good-going- candy store and
factory. Call at 2222 Mission st., bet. Eighteenth
and Nineteenth. ' ■ . : :;> .-.•
OTABLEMAN: COUNTRY TOWN: STEADY
O place: reference required. M., box 73, Call.
j^ ARTKNUKB; COUNTRY, , TOWN: $20:
li steady place. M., box 19, this office, stating age.
CI BINDER. HERMAN GOETZ, 13 TRINITY
VX street. - -
OOTBLACK WANTED. . BARBER SHOP,
X> 321 Market st.
TRONG BOY. APPLY. W. N. BWASEY, 142
Eddy st. , r . , ■ -....
EO TAUFFROCKEN— CALL AT HACK-
MEYER'S Hotel.
QHORMAKER ON SECOND-HAND work
O 6'.'2V4 Sixth St.".' '
,Ul' :WA.\Tf;i) IUB DRUGSTORE. C. T
«> box 133, Call Office. : . ; ,
QHOEMAKER ON REPAIRS: STEADY JOB.
vj 236 Noe st., cor. Sixteenth.. -
YOUNG MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS NUB-
X scry work." 612 Haight st.
pEKMAN WAITER; CALL EARLY. 660
VJT Howard st. "■•■ ,- ■ * =
WANTED— STEADY, TRUSTWORTHY
»* partner in restaurant; receipts $26; sure in-
crease: small: capital required;^guaranteed. $76
monthly each. oTKNBEKG CO.. 632 Market.
"TjARBER-SHOP, FURNISHED. ON MISSION
D st. for rent. ■ A ppl. STOLTZ, 630 Market st.J |
pENTLEMAN OF; FIRST-CLASS ADDRESS,
' \J ' who is a man from the word go,' to represent a
I well known and Introduced article on this come: a i
] boud ' or . deposit • required - for guarantee of good
faith. Call hi once on -U. S. Industrial Agency
j room 167, Crocker Building. ;. . . ".. b . .-.*.',
; 1 FIRST-CLASS LACE SALE »MAN WANTED
xv at once. ."Apply ito U.S. Industrial Agency,
room 167, Crocker Building. ■ ■ .. -•
- - :■■•- -'. : - .■■?.-. . ' -'■ ■ ' - ■ • - i
HELP WANTED— Continued.
I? IB ; AlLO^rr^o7xD^?A^^Sr~B34
X 1 Howard st. " •
1 A TAILORS — STEADY WORK; GOOD
X^J wagea. 541 Market st. ; - '
ANTED — STEADY, RELIABLE MAN,
IT with $150, as partner in genteel business that
will pay to each. s2o to $25 per ■ week: city trade
only. &TANLE 1 , 8 1 1-» Third st.
BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE AT A SACRIFICE
-M if sold this week. Inquire at DECKELMAN
BROS., 106 Ellis st. •
JJARBERS-FOR SALE, three - CHAIR
i-» shop, with three sunny living-rooms; rent $20.
10 Eighth st.
\ ■"" O U NG MAN WITH $100 AS PARTNER IN
X good paying business. L.. box 2, Call Office.
INDUSTRIOUS LADY WANTS A MAN AS
X partner in pork, delicacies, butter and egg store;
must have $100 and make himself generally use-
ful; $50 and board guaranteed. Address F. D.,
box 105, Call Oflice.
ES. iu-.iMOVIi I LrtiTr9"T'u '643 cLaY ST.;"BOT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents.
AN IN A WINEHOUSE WHO SPEAKS
German; act as barkeeper; understands mix-
ing drinks and is a good inside salesman; only one
with best references from last employer in the city
need address. Wine, box I*s. Call.
OOMS.ISc TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 50
X\> per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
"VTOriCE— WANTED, LADY OR GENTLEMAN
i-> partner in restaurant to take charge of dining-
room and cash: present proprietor a 'first-class
cook; must have small capital. 237 Third st.
WANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
" cry st., clerks an.l laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues; no charge uuiess suc-
cessful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
\\r ANTED — MEN TO LKARN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent, a. F. Barber School, 1516 Howard.
LERKS 1 AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
/ acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
MAN AND WIFE (WITHOUT CHILDREN)
wanted to take charge of a ranch; man must
understand general farming: also vineyards and
orchards; wife must be good butter-maker, cook
and do general housework. Address by mail with
references. Bella Vista, 1066 Twelfth st, Oakland.
L>OURQUIN'B CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
i* instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tnil Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutler st.
\tew Waldo house. 765 mission, bet.
i .1.1 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
CALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 60;
) half-soleing 25c up. 939 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
\\T ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
'» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDKRBURN & CO., Dept. L, latent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
I and list of 200 inventions wanted.
BEST IN CITY— SING ' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $i. $1 25, SI 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and LeWesdorff sts.
\\J ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
it era&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
13 ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
X> retarv Barbers' Agso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
I>ARBERS" PROTECTIVB UNION EMPLOY-
J-> ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 667 Clay.
ARBEIIS' A.SSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
ment. Secy, P. C. Hamann, 2381/2 O'FaiTell.
A BTHMA CUBE GUARANTEED; dr. goi£
x\- din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
-1 ' sis. ; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
J IST OPEN; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
0 Pacific st., below Kearny; lodging half price, 6c,
10>", 15c pr nlglit;cleanbeds,snnuy rooras.no bunks
I," 1 < m THE BKST AND CLEANEST 10-CENT
meal try 13yj> Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
1 IVK SOLICITORS FOR NEW AND HIGHLY
"-IJ profitable proposition: accident, health and life
insurance. Call Det. 3 & 5 r. m., or address Fidelity
Mutual Aid Association, 316 California, room 18.
Vl.' ANTED—^ABOKERS AND MECHANICS
"T to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150
large rooms; 25c per nigh:; $1 to $3 per week.
What CHEER 11 Mi si . 623 SACRAMENTO
»» St.: 200 rooms: best in the city, single rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c
MEN'S ya-SuLfNTToITcTLADTEV 40c; DONE
while you wait. «38 Market, opn. Palace Hotel.
|||iIME> TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c. 16c
l.\i\J and 20c a night. Including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington Ht., near Kearny. r;
"1 X ARE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
" ' your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission St., between First and Second sts. -
VI EN'TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
■111 all grocers keep it. .
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863 MARKET KT^
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $3 week.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
TV* REE BEER— TWO ~BCHOONKUS FOX 6c;
J also a bottl tof lager. sc, at 637 Clay st.
fJUtY ACME liULHii, ao7 JIAIIKBT ST., BK-
J low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
AN TED-SINULE ROOMS, 160 A DAY: 81
voek; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 60 a week; j
read room: dally papers. - 36 CJar st.
HOUSES WANTED.
D^fL at^" OR^^OT^AG'Er^COM"-
-*» pletely furnished for housekeeping: 16 mm- \
utes' walk or ride from Broadway: option pur-
chasing furniture; rent $10 to $15 per month.
CARTER, room 18, 638 Kearny st.
ANTED— IN ROSS VALLEY, FOR THE
II month of July, a well-furnished house of 10 or
12 rooms. Address, with price and particulars,
1358 Post si.
ROOMS WANTED.
TO HIRE BY THE M ONTII^a' CHEaTuN^
furnished room between Second street and the
ferry. Address H. K. 1;.. 32 Parry st.
PAKTNEKS WANTED.
OARTNER FOR Al MANUFACTURING
-L business: $250 to $500; will bear close investi-
gatlon. Address Partner, box 75, Call Office.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
ANTEI)— T^^i^sizCOSD^HAiiD^BiiyY-
•'cles. 959 Howard, shoestore.
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JKW
nlrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postal
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
TjUNE UPBIOHT PIANO FOR SALE CHEAP;
-F first class; Eas.eru manufactured; can bo seen
at 8:»1 l.eavcnworth St., cor. Suiter; no reasonable
cash offer refused. ,
HERMAN, CLAY & CO,, STEINWAY' REP-
KJ reseiitatives. show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all grades and
prices: easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and suiter.
AGNIFICENT UPRIGHT PIANO: BEAU-
tiful tone and case; must be sold at once be-
cause of unfortunate conditions- 809 Market st.,
room 10. "vr?;
TEINWAY ; FINE ORDER; SACRIFICED.
0 809 Market St., room 21.
Bf.foreTbuying SEKHAINE BROS.', BUSH
U & Gerts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT <fc CO.. 324 Post st.
INSTALLMENTS willbuvTbranF
*jpo new Upright oak piano. 221 Leavenworth.
IGGEST " BARGAIN EVER OFFERED FOR
Stelnway upright; perfect. 1350 Folsom st.~
T.IINE STEINWAY PIANO SACRIFICED AT
•J 1 once by party forced 10 sell. See it at room
10, 809 Market st. ,
BUY A NEW PIANO, $200; SECOND-HAND
uprights, $150. At MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
ASHA $575; STEINWAY, $216; SQUARE,
$25; rented «2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis St.
1 U.CKER~BROK., STEIN WAV .FISCHER AND
J ' other n'rst^lass makes of pianos: little used;
cheap tor cash or on easy term* K.OHLK& St
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St. .
ASY TERMS; Low' l-iUOKS. KOHLER &
CHASE.
Oljl Op. EASTERN UPRIGHT 3-STRINGED
<g)lO.). Weber; $350. BRUENN, 228 Post st.
C!l OR UPUIGHT. PIANO: GOOD CONDI-
<pX^;«J. uon; cash or installments. 106 Mc-
Allister st. •
ffljQw PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ.
t&OO. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
ALL YOU WANT IS VALUE- FOR YOU R
money ; investigate these prices and be con-
vinced; the new seven-bar autoharp $8; the five-
tar autobarp ■ $4; • a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the 1 Drize-winner guitar '
V- '.'.b; solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 50;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal- ,
nut, mahogany, oak, $187: one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 029 Market: St., Spreck-
building. . >• ,
A~ RRI VED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
XX.' grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate.; H. LUEDKRS. 82 Ninth St. :■-
-WM. G. BADGER, 26 O'FAURELU ROOM 1,
first floor; sole agents Hallet & Davis pianos; :
pianos, organs sold for cash or Installments. ' ' -
C^ONOVEIi PIANO; AS iTuOD AS NEW:
> great sacrifice. Thu F. W. sPKNCfiR COM-
PANY. 338 Post st. •■■'•''.: ; - ■'.■■■■--
C WHICKERING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187: pianos
ior rent. ' BENJ. CURTAZ <fe SON. 16 O' Farreli.
<jgl 1 R CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
*£) X I O. upright; perfect order. "1019 Van Ness.
BYRON,. MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMEK,
Newby <fc Evans,* Unites and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS*. OLD & NEW
H. MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham dace. .
A WEEK'S /•- NEWS .->' FOR 5 > CENTS — THI»
- *- .wEEKIiY CALL, in wrapper, for oiailtng.
SEWING MACHINES. %
TM PROVE^^mJHTARM""BINGER' SEWING
J machine, with all attachments; $15. < 2437 Mis-
sion st., near Twenty-first. < '■■ ■ -■■■' - ■'.--' "1; ' v
2 A LL KIKDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED,
XX rented, repaired; lowest rates. • 205 Fourth st.
' ■ ':-: ■ '■"'.. "■■• v ; - PERSONALS. ;.^^^;
T^^oIRM^TION^WA^^ED^THE ADDttESS
X or information of ALICE ALLISON (or EL-
LISON); muldsn name ALICE DROG heard
of in Fresno, Cal. Address % D. BRUNS, guardian,
Emery ville, Alameda County, Cal.
. . — — — • ■ ■; -
HOGS ARE CHEAP!
BEST SUGAR-CURED MEAT.
Picnic ham 5...... .....'. ......6c lb
Rolled shoulders .'.:.. 6 c lb
Square-cut shoulders .'.-...... ;....-.. 6c lb
Best Eastern ham 5....... ....Sc lb
Tennessee hams.... : 8c lb
LINCOLN BROS., Cash Grocers,
226 Sixth St., middle of the block.
A DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
XV daily; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law. 850 Market st
HAIR DRESSED, WAVED, FACE MADE UP,
XX 25c; shampoo, 25c: manicure, 25c; lessons
given; face preparations. MRS. BUTLER.I3I Post.
AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
' also cueniile-woverugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
CEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.
I ADY ,|HIGHLY CONNECTED, INTENDS TO
XJ lease a beautiful house in Oakland for the ex-
press purpose of providing a home, with all its
comforts and freedom, for several elderly ladies;
best references required. Any such, finding In this
an answer to a long-felt want, can obtain further
particulars by addressing MRS. L. M., box 60.Ca11.
••rpUE" ONLY SUPERIOR WHITE-ENAMEL
J- letters and house 1 umbers; wholesale and re-
tail. 307 O'Farrell st.. S. F.
OW PRICE — 25c FOR HAIRDRESBING
does not mean Inferior work in my case; I
have the very best artists in the city in my em-
ploy ana I give the most satisfactory and up-to-
date service. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
VV" ANTED— OLD GOLD FOR MANUFACTUR-
TT Ing. Q. NOLTE, jeweler. 222 O'Farrell.
CIITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
/ Geary, removed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton ; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
PICTURE FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9
inches, 10c: Bxlo and 10x12, 15c: 11x14 and 12
xl 6, 20c; 14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x
24, 46c; 22x28 Inches. 60c. JONES, 547 Mission.
ffljl A ROOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON THB
<lpX floor. 206 Leavenworth st.
BIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
■D ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busl-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market St.
AUD— THE COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
Office 43 Sutter St., phone main 49. SAM.
DR. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM
227 Geary to V.M.C.A. bldg.r. 2,tel.maln 5477.
TpLECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
■i-J Chester House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200
rooms, 26c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash ; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Paper-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
ARTINUTON'S SCHOOL Of MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton, Gertrude
l'artlngton.R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
ITIHK ECONOMY" MILLINERY. RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
1 linn cards, $160; SHOW cards, 15c:
■II i\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary at., r. 39.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
XJ elry, etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st.
CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Snnnorae St.. upstair*
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ TKJs
£\. WEEKLY CALL. In wraopcr, for mailing.
DKE.SSMAKEKS.
DR^S^ET«2it^T^RAipl'¥rrs^T ; ENT : sl;p~:
lawn $1 up. 5058/4 Natoma St.. above >lxth.
clairvoyants.
A- ■ : A : : --a'
60 cts and $I—so cts and $I—so cts and $1.
THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME
TO CONSULT THE GREAT CLAIRVOYANT
AND MEDIUM PROF. F. EUGKNE.
1728 MARKET ST.
The professor during his long residence in *an
Francisco has met with unprecedented success,
He could refer you to people all over the world for
testimonials as to his worth, but li Is not neces-
sary to search the extremetles of the earth
when he can refer you to thousands in your midst
who have been made prosperous and happy
through his wise advice; ask your prosperous
neighbor who started him aright. " Investigate and
you will find that your business rival is one of his
many patrons.
'■Nothing succeeds like success," and if you
would be successful call on him without delay: it
costs practically nothing: sOc and $1, 60 c and $1,
50c , and $1. 50c and $1, COc and $1 is his price
at present, no more than you woula pay an un-
known clairvoyant or a partially developed
medium.
His readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satiHbcd. The professor gives advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. . Busi-
ness, speculation. Investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settles lovers'
quarrels and causes speedy and happy marriages.
He locates mines and buried treasures, finds lost
or stolen pronerty, interprets dreams, cures bad
habits and destroys evil influences in half the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there lire but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professor in San Francisco.
Remember PROF. EUGEXE'S communications
come direct from the Spirit World, hence his in-
ability to be mistaken In any matter.
Remember also that the Professor Is perma-
nently located in San Francisco: he Is here to stay.
Hours 10 a. m. to 8 P m. Letters containing
stamps answered. PROF. EUGENE,
728 Market st,
TARTLING! ■- ■
BE ITCHING I BEWILDERING! ' ' " '
MARVELOUS!
Multitudes dally visit the sumptuous parlors of
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE, 220 EDDY ST.
And why is It? The record made by this greatest
of mediums 7 years ago Is reproduced upon his re-
turn, and the grand truths he then expounded left
Indelible imprints on the minds of studious people.
During th- years of absence from our great city
the professor has visited every city of Importance,
and has been consulted by the most eminent ex-
ponents of every art and science. He at all times
invites- skeptics to call on nfm, and he will con-
vince them that he Is sincere and truthful In all
that he claims to do. The professor believes that
"Honesty is the best policy," nnd desires your con-
fidence on all matters incidental to humanity. If
your existence possesses the many intricacies
which need unraveling he is prepared to show
! you the way. If false friends surround or beset
j your path you will find his marvelous powers of
the utmost avail. His vast experience in giving
advice on business, mines, speculations of any
kind, games of chance, changes, lawsuits, wills,
old estates, lost or stolen property, interpreting
dreams, curing bad habi is, and guiding yon
from all troubles or dangers; also. Indispensable
advice on love, marriage and how to choose a
wife or husband for future happiness or success.
This, together with the work he performs in re-
uniting the separated, causing a speedy marriage
with the one you dearly love, healing family
troubles, removing evil "influences, etc., Is the
safest guarantee that he Is once and for all ihe
most brilliant medium and clairvoyant of modern
times. Thus it is that professional men . aud so-
ciety leader* seek his advice; thus it is that a
heavy mall is daily his. The grandest test of all
is to seek him personally and you will find him to
be the magnetic medium of the people. Letters
with stamps promptly answered. Hours, 9 to 9
daily and Sundays. *
CrkC AND $1. 60c AND $1. ~~~~~
O\J PROF. C. LEON, 1007 Market, near Sixth.
Wonderful power; advice on business, love, m ar-
riage, divorce, etc; tells of friends and enemies;
letters with stamp answered; 9 to 8, also Sunday.
ri YPSY MEDIUM— SITTINGS DAILY: ELEC-
VJT trie treatments. 946 Mission, hours 10 to 9.
GYPSY' LIrE-READER; LADIES, . 26c":
gents, 50c; readings daily except Sun. 6 7th.
UNT MARY; CLAIBVOYAN. AND PALM-
-Ist; consultations dally; 50c and SI. 1031
Market.
ME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past.present and future; 2bcup. 764 Howard st.
pROF. ZANZIC, RELIABLE MEDIUM, CLAIR-
X .voyant and palmist, parlors 315 Ellis st. ,
ME. RAVENNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth.
"VI ME. PORTEK. CARD- KEADISR; TELLS
-LTX past, present, future: ladies 50c, gents $1:
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk m.
ME. SYBILLE Ti.LLS FkOM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell at. '
RETURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED . MME
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past.
pit-sent and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
MRS. B. ' BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
-liX dium and card-reader. 132 Turk st. :
ME. AKNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1. shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
MME. STEWART: GREATEST CARD READ-
erand clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter: :
read curds since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
X/l ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
Iu er by eggs and cards:. tells entire life, . paat,'
present, future; consultations on all; affairs; noth-
ing excepted, names given; good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy: mistake lm-
possible: fee SI : letter $2. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
SPIRITUALISM.
A TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; ." 10c; , MME.
YOUNG. 605 McAllister St.; skeptics invited.;
MKS. SHRINER, PARLOR TEST CIRCLE -1 O-
night, 10c: sittings daily. 311 Van • Ness aye.
VI KS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
I*l tririce medium: sittings Si. .21 Stockton st.
■'■.:';".;•,, ■;;.-. PHYSICIANS^ '. ■'.
DEMO VED^DrT a"c.^6'DONNELL : TO ■ 1208
j-\j Market st.: diseases of woman a specialty. -.;,;;
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT; DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, , 1051 Market st. : his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
BUSINESS CHANCES. _ :
■VTOTICE— PARTIEBWISHINGTOBUY, SELL
, ±S or exchange lodging-houses, or any other busi-
ness. try JoHNSON & CO., 26% Kearny st. .
9'A PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS:
»Jp__«Jv. established over 10 rears; guaranteed
to clear $20 weekly to each. 26V2 Kearny st.
"mTH^Tj COALYARD, HORSES. WAGONS,
<]p^j«JU. building, stock, etc; 5 years' ground
lease;rent $6 monthly investigate. 26% Kearny st.
©Or A CIGAK-STAND ON KEARNY ST.;
tipZiOxJ . good trade; stock and fixtures; value in
sight; bargain. JOHNSTON. 26 y 2 Kearny st.
<3»-i amA teaming and transfer
. «IP±U«'V« business: partner wanted: doing work
for large wholesale houses, steamers, etc.: runs 3
tine wagons and doing business that will clear from
$200 to $300 per, month, as will be satisfactorily
proven before purchasing; this is fine chance for
good active man to get into nice clean business, to !
take charge of office, look after the cash. etc. ; in-
vestigate and make offer. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market St., Crocker building, downstairs.
©innn livery and boarding sta-
«Jp_. l/, ble: partner wanted; large first-class
business; clears $200 to $275 per month; positive
proof or no sale: owns 16 good livery horses: a full
equipment of carriages, hacks, Juggles, etc.; -0
regular boarders; this business is actually cheap
at "slsoo, but the proprietor finds too much to do,
needs help and will sacrifice to secure good reli-
able man for the office work, collecting, look after
help, etc; investiga.e this. GEO. STE\v ART, 602
Market ■-;., Crocker building, downstairs.
©llAll HOTEL; FINE BAR; 29 ROOMS.
11U17. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
<]3* 4AA CANDY - STORE AND FACTORY;
_UV. fine bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market.
ffl| t 'ftA RESTAURANT; FINE LOCATION;
<IPOUU. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
"DESTAURANT; RECEIPT $15 TO $18 PER
■T- day; price $360. DECKER, 1020 Market.
ffl»!>XA, PARTNER; RESTAURANT BUSI-
t£pG->\J. ness: $26 dally; can be Increased;
guarantees $75 monthly. STENBERG & - CO.,
632 Market at.
ifIjOOAA TRANSFER AND EXPRESS COM-
>?——\J\J. pany: established many years; large
trade with leading business bouses: first-class
horses; 4 wagons; clears over $300 monthly;
splendid opportunity to secure steady profitable
business with sure income; thorough investigation
allowed; correct representation guaranteed.
STJINBERG & CO., 632 Market st.
ffl* AA CORNER SALOON; DOING GOOD
tsO\J\J. business; value In sight; receipts aver-
age $12: full Investigation to party meaning bnsl-
ness. STENBERG & Co.. 632 Market at.,
C:7AA CORNER BARROOM ON WATKR
t!T I \J\J. front; 1 block from Market St.: good
paying place; owner must leave for East. WILKE
&. WOLF, 531 California st.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS RIGHT AWAY
see or send to STANLEY, 21% Third St.
<£»_(/7FL RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCALITY;
<© tt 10. receipts $20 day; low rent. STANLEY,
21 1/2 1 bird st.
<2> 99?; BUTCHER MARKET: GREAT BAR-
tpZi&O. gain: must be sold. STANLEY, 21%
Third st
CIGARS. NOTIONS. LAUNDRY OFFICE:
\J good trade; must sell. STANLEY, 21% Third.
ffij '_)AA BRANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS, CAN-
tTpOUV/. dies: good trade; fine location; 5 llvmg-
rooms: cheap rent. STANLEY. 21% Third st.
<Bi 1 9f;a restatJrant doing large
*ipi—<j\J. business; good prices; near three
theaters; actual value $2000: family affairs reason
of selling. WILKE & WOLF. 631 California st.
TF YOU WANT TO SKLI OR BUY A iJUSI.
J- ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall ave-
<2j OAzVA FINE GROCERY BUSINESS; 2
ilp*j\J\J\J. horses and wagons: doing $76 per day
business; paying well; fine locality; only object
for selling going back to Europe; Investigate this
fine place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
(£»1 AMA PARTNER ELEGANT BUSINESS;
«35 J. "' '". object of partner to enlarge business 1
full investigation. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
<Si~\ HALF-INTERKST IN NEW PAT-
•ipIUUU, ent nickel-in-slot machine: superior
to all others: field to place hundreds; rare chance
for right party to devote his entire time and make
bier money; investigate this chance and see. ma-
chine. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
Qi ] 000 °NE OF THE NEATEST
*)P '-'-'*-' new and second-hand businesses
In the city; elegant stock; cheap rent;, fine local-
ity and rare bargain If taken soon: object of seli-
ing. sickness. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<*£ 1 AnO, ELEGANT GROCERY AND BAR;
»4PX*x"V/. fine locality: good trade and highest
bargain ever offered in city; investigate this, you
will never get this kind of a bargain again. T.
LUBELSK I. 7 City Hall aye.
QTATE RIGHTS FOR SALE ON PATENT
O sewing machine attachment; thousands in de-
mand: rare chance to make big money and resell
county rights; investigate and see patent. T. LU-
BELISKI, 7 City Hall aye.
flil *\C\Ci AMPLE-ROOM IN VERY CHOIC-
<Ir l -L-JV/V/. est location: first-class trade; rent
$60: owner has to leave at once for Dakota. Call
WILKE & WOLF, 831 California st.
•VTOTICE — TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
■!■< promptly for cash. HEALY' <fc CO.. 23 Kearny.
fflf^T^ EXPRESS AND TRANSFER BUSI-
'iP — • «-»• nes3 for sale; one of the best stands in
this city; kept by present owner 10 years: selling
03 account of an accident. I Apply W. F. lIEALY
<fc CO., _3 Kearny st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER LIQUOR
store; business of $30 per dey: trial before
purchasing. Apply HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny St.
<n* 190 GROCERY, BAKERY AND va-
<pj_j\J. riety store; kept by present owner 6
years: rooms: bargain. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny.
T^A SALOON WITH 4 ROOMS; RENT
tv, _:OV. $30; good' business location: kept by
owner last 8 years; good chance for man and wife.
WILKE & WOLF. 531 California.
YNCH & CO., 935 MARKED ST., WILL SELL
at a sacrifice 10 saloons, 5 ieitaurants and a
few other bargains this week; give us a call "
AKF.RY AND , STATIONERY - STORE;
cheap; 4 living-rooms; good bargain. Apply
this office. /
GOOD CHOPHOUSE FOR SALE. ADDRESS
VT c. H.. box 29, Call Office.
<3*<I,XAA FOR SALE— 2-STORY BUILDING
*iT! -tOUU. containing a lodging-house of 10 fur-
nished rooms, saloon and barber-shop ; bringing a
monthly rent of $90; cause, sickness in the fam-
ily. Apply to owner. C. WALLSTAB, Wads-
worth, Nevada.
AMM.E BUSINESS; FIXTURES AND FUR-
niture in 7-room house; rent $25; sickness Ip
family; bargain. HICKOK, 873% Market st.
GOOD CIGARETTE AND TOBACCO ROUTE
for sale, including 2 horses and fine cigar
wagon; bargain for young man. 1400 Church st.
ARTXER IN DOWNTOWN CHOPHOUSE;
owner Is good cook; $260 required; good chance
for steady, honest man. Call 137 Third Bt., room
6, from 2 to 4 p. m.
"L>OR SALE— A WOOD AND COAL YARD, TO-
A gether with horses, wagons, scales and every-
thing necessary for conducting the business: one
of the lareest established, yards hi town and doing
a fair business. R. P. M. GREELEY, Fourteenth
and Franklin eta., Oakland.
*fifi^() CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
t{s\JV\J. with living-rooms: full value in stock;
Western Addition; partners don't agree: bar"am"
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st. par g -
pHEAP; A GOOD-PAY SALOON; OWNER
VJ leaving city. Apply 624 Sacramento st. -c '-
fflj7£»A, FINE CORNER SALOON AND
 «3) I W. iiinchhouse; sells 12 to 16 barrels beer
per week; fixtures worth $1300. Southwest corner
Fifth and Bryant sts. : - . '
\\r AM PARTNER IN WOOD PAYING
«». business; small capital; good investment. 335
Fourth st. "
$150 WILL BUY SALOON WORTH S4OO.
®IUU 657 Mission street.
(CARRIAGE AND WAGON SHOP; GOOD
J business; 17 years in same block. Apply this
office.
<2;r;AA CORNER GROCERY and barT
<!""»• Western Addition; good bar trade; will
sell at any reasonable price. Apply this office.
L'OH SALE OR TRADE— SALOON ON CITY
£ fron: : doing fine business; bargain. Boom 88.
Chronicle building.
FOR SALE-THK NEW YORK KITCHEN
J at 733 Market st.
UNCH-HOUSK FOR SALE IN BEST LO-
callty of city; Sc and 10c lunch with beer or
coffee; no knowledge of business necessary; only
pnrt of payment required. Further particulars
614 Clay St.
CIGAR-STORE : GOOD LOCATION; MUST
\J sell on account other business. Inquire 36 rddy.
CtHEERFUL DINING-ROOM TO RENT: VICE-
V^ ly furnished: boarders:fine location. 203 Taylor
pOOD CHEAP RES 1 AURA NT FOR . SALE
VJ for $160: downtown. fall 722 Howar i st.
MA RT ! HOTEL TO RENT; TERMS
reasonable; 6b rooms; In good order. D J
WES I, iMartinez,Cal.
pOOD BAKERY CHEAP; USING IV, BbX§"
vl daily; horse; wagon. -Apply this office.
BAKERY; A.ND CONFECTION ; DOING
fine business; rent cheap. Apply this office-
aj»9^A BRANCH BAKERY, GROCERY,
$?_"_£ no ions and dairy produce. Inquire at
040 Jr Irtn St. r.-
-fii*l7P.A SALOON; KEPT BY PRESENT
wH t'\J. owner 7 years: rent $60; mint for
the right man. B. L.. box 49. Call Office.
PA VY I N G BAKERY AND STATIONERY. 836
Valencia s t. ;. ■ ■
' <R1 K(\ A SiN "' MUST BE SOLD; BRANCH
*U>- L •-»<-'• bakery, notions, candles; good trade-
fine location; good ilving-rooma. Apply no Six th
pORNHR SALOON FOR SALE; A BARGAIN
■yj.it sold to-day. 865 Bryant st.
1?OR SALE - GROCERY AND BAR CHEAP"
J Apply 721 Polk st. y. •
GOOD CHANCE FOR WOODWORKER TO
enter business on small capital. Address G
H., box 75, Call Office.
ANTKD— PARTNER TO OPEN BAR AND
*» cigar-stand in connection with restaurant
just opened on a transfer corner, of 4 car lines.
Apply 3200 California si., NW. cor. Central aye.
BARGAIN: .WHOLESALE. AND RETAIL
liquor house: $3600. Address A. V., box 129.
EXPRESS, PUBLISHED AT WINTERS,
J. Yolo County; is offered for sale at a reasonable
figure. For price and terms apply in person or by
letter to the publisher, E. C. RUSK.
\\r ell-paying CORNER SALOON, at A
•' bargain; rent low. Inquire SE. cor. Vallejo
■nd Battery sta.
;"\ EPSINES3 CHAS CES-Contlnoed.
mo BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
1 of any kind see GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
<_<V7K. BRANCH BAKERY; TRADE OF $9
«Jj?ZlO. to »12 per day: *o. 1 location; nice
living rooms: great bargain. SeeGuS SIKA.n v,
45 Third st. \
WASTED-STEADY MAN IN COMMISSION
.i> house; will pay $75 per month: cash re-
quired. $260. See GUS STRAND. 46 Third st.
m. I onn BAKERY: MOST CENTRAL LO-
tlplOUV/. cation: same. owner 21 years; I 3 /*
barrels per day: all store trade ; day baking: easily
clears $100 per month: fully equip! el to run first-
class place; sickness cause of selling; _ weeks
trial for buying. GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
«_ SALOON; NO 1 LOCATION; GOOD
tip— It), business; full value In si_ht: best or
reasons for selling. GUS STRAND. 45 Third st.
_L»O£fl GROCERY AND EAR: NO. 1 LOCA-
<BS_jOu. tion; full value In sight: pays well;
good living-rooms. GUS STRAND. 46 Third st.
T>ESTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION: GOOD
-IV paying place; well fitted up; best reason for
selling: price reasonable. GUS STRAND, 45 Third.
T>EGARDL_SS OF COST, FINE KESTAU-
—V rant; location very good. Apply 303% Third.
AIRY, DOING GOOD BUSINESS, FOR
sale: make offer. JOSEPH, 707 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
ATOTICE— TwTIODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE
IN from $150 to $5000. STRAND, 45 Third st.
aTTrnn ~ob~l_-ss — 25-ROOM corner
*|I)10Uu house.
10-room house, worth $1000; price $400
40rooms; fine for transcient 700
20 rooms on Fourth St., only 600
16 rooms on Taylor st 750
45 rooms on Market st -50.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
O£> ROOMS. NICELY FURNISHED; NEAR
OP Baldwin; $1200. DECKER. 1020 Market at.
T ODGING-HOUSE: 13 BOOMS AND BATH;
JLj full of roomers; $130: must sell at once; have
to leave the city. 47 Tehama St., bet. First and
Second. ■■■ • -
OUSE 9 ROOMS AND PAYING WELL,
Jones at., near Ellis; cheap for cash. Apply
F. F. HOBBS, 132 California St., 2 p. m. dally.
OQ ROOMS: WELL FURNISHED; GOOD LO-
—O cation: cheap rent. Grocery. 40 Sixth at.
FURNITURE FOB SALE.
"tvU^N^TURE^FOr" SALE". : 4-ROOM ~FLATi
X complete . for housekeeping, very cheap. 764
Howard st.
T/TjRNITURE FOR SALE — 4-ROOM FLAT;
.T complete housekeeping; very cheap; no dealers.
34b Silver st. '
IRE SALE ! i
I HIRE SALE ! till goods ere completely dls-
-1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed seta ... •-- M
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves. " 50
Carpets, per yard ....._ , 55
Linoleum, per yard • <>-
Matting, peryard 1-
. Till our new building Is erected these prices win
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN. '
HG. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BKD-
• ding; now folding-beds, $9 and np: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 773 Mission.
A(\f\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;"
rt\J\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed-lounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 12 4th.
_ ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW $75
tt .Hedlounges trimmed with plush $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid... 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 40oup
Window shades In s colors 250 up
SHIREK _ SUIREK, 747 Market su, opposite
Grant avenue: no branch stores.
A A'Ei-K'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TH a
A WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
furniture wanted.
If you want" good i.'riceS'forfurn
ture and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkln.
BKFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE!
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH, 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
« ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
WANTED — SECOND-HAND FURNITURES
»» for country: pay good price. 7 City Hall aye.
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 761.
ALL ON J. C- MUTHER, 621 KEARNY, IF
you want highest cash price for your furniture,
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.
* MALONE pays 20 PER cent MOKE!
uTX. than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. I^avp orders at KING'S. '.i Fourth >r.
-CARPET CLEANING.
C A RPETS c'L^KA^fE^.^cT'YARnT'LAI D
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRaTTON. 19 Eighth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama at. ; tel. So. 40.
pONKLIN 7 *} CARPET EKATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
TONES CO. CARP_T - CLEANING AND
0 renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 8:-i.
p REAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET C LEA
VJ ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bih st. B. Übaxt.
CITY' STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOV \-
\J ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr.' TeL South 250.
p REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
VT Ing works; latest Improved machinery 3c yard.
G. QEOROE.omce 11 Eighth St.; phono Jessie 283.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATE li
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth- teU
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
T MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
-0 . ovating works. 458 Stcvpnson: ML south 2'JS.
— ________________
HORSES.
IBAY MARE, 5 YEARS OLD, AND CART;
2 sets harness, whip, etc suitable for butcher
or paper carrier: very cheap. Can be seen any
time after 1 p. m., 37 Ferric st., nr. Point Loboa » ye.
rpiIREK-CAN MILK WAGON. HORSE AND
■L harness; top buggy. 1620 Mission st.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,"
_.U buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 3.7 Sixth st. auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 An SiiTS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
JLv"' kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts:
also 20 cheaD horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sin.
ORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCTJ«
lar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY, SELL OR EX-
-l change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will find it to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth sts. : auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
proprietor. S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
1 {\(\ SETS NEW AN _> SECOND-HAND HAR-"
XO\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers- sand-wagons. 1128 Mission at.
R. C H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY BUR-
Keon for 6. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital. 121 City Hal! aye.: telephone soifth 401.
HORSES WANTED.
ANTEIJ -^saDI)LE-Ho"rs'ksl PuTlEsi
» » donkeys, ' carts and blackboards In exchange
for good mining stock, real estate or board at a
country summer resort. Address Summer Resort,
Call Office, Oakland. '
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
T7HNE TRAP; 2 LOW PHAETONS: S OPEN
-I. surreys; 3 canopy-top surreys: 2 extension top
rockaways; 2 dogcarts; 1 carryfour. Fifteenth
i and Valencia sts. .
FOR BALE-IIISCELLANEOCS.
'""s ALE^c6TTAGE"~H6uSE 6 ROOMS
and bath: 101-1 Valencia st., bet. Twenty-first
and 1 wenty-second: to be removed. Apply to
JOHN WILLIAM SALTER, 2445 Mission st.
M~ USICAL INSTRUMENTS, BOOKS AND
window novelties; must be sold by Mar 6.
705 Larkiu st.
FOR SALE— NEW BED FOR HAY WAGON
20 feet long. 1340 Turk st.
pAMfcRA, SIZE 5x7, CHEAP. ROOM 2, 534%
\J California st»
HOT-WATER INCUBATOR AND BROODER.
Apply 15 Whitney, bet. Church and Sanchez.
XTEW WHITE MACHINE: CHEAP
XI for cash ; very latest style. 1559 Market st.
GREAT DANK DOG, 14 MONTHS OLD; $20.
908 Broadway. *^
p REAT DANE, MALE. 14 MONTHS OLD; $20.
vJ 908 Broadway. ,
<2*"7(\t\ KNABK PIANO \\'ll,L, BE SOLD
j »J} I \J\J for $195. Apply immediately, UNcLK
j HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
COLTS, REMINGTON. PARKER AND 2 FINK
bammerless shotguns for one-third their value
at UN'LE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
<I>£AA CHICKS; 10c EACH; HATCHED BY
I «JJ O\J\J Schule's seir-regnlatlnz hot-water incu-
i bator; best in the world. 1213 Valencia st.
; T7IRKSH FAMILY COW FOR SALE. 305
J Thirtieth st.
! ©I *) DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE
I «2!l^. drop leaf; drawer attachments. 1915
; Mission St., near Fifteenth.
tp I PROOF J-AFE~ WITH BURGLAR
J chest: cheap. D. N. H AW i.EY, 318 Market!
j OILKRs,KNGINE!b.2D-HANDMAciIINEirY"
j J-> waterpipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale!
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI-
JJ ture botiKht at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit. . California Rattan Co., 61 First gt.. nr. Mission
I UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SaSHkI"
J-> doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
O^ MULL filiimuM AND LARGE Sl_B
\S nre and bnrg!=r proof safe. 109. 11l Mark.': si.
' W l* X ' AND ■ BU KG LAITTi FET" LETTER-
-- press, platform ac_:e3 and desk : cheap. 102 Clay.
JS T fc h W •? Al * u g s CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
X> hand. >V. a RAY Mfx Co.. 12 California st. '
OYJ ?. T *S K ,l« SHELVING. SIIOWCASBI
V/ bought and _old. 1121i/,Markai 7tn «ndH:a
BICYCLES. ~~" ™"
DARK CYCLEUY— NEW, WHEELS TO juKT;
-1 best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo
Alllster and Powell st. car line*_^_ houses TO LET.
094 a twenty-seco^dT^crTdolores^s
t; — — nice snnny rooms, bath: very cheap; $12 50.
9() MARY, NEAK FIFTH AND "MINION-.
— V' nice svnny rooms; very cheap; $14.
A PPRIiCIATED IF SEEN-6.9V* SITTER
-^A. near Jones: choice for doctor or dressmaker.
Oirv 9171 TREAT AVK., NEAR twenty-
<| lv . second: house 6 rooms: large yard.
HOUSE-7 ROOMS; MODERN IMPROVE^
ments; gartlen: 7HO Capp; also neat hall to
rent. Steiner and Herman
XX ments. 12i6Jjreatave., opp, Gartield square.
MS IN ;c.omTTmDER. loxvUr
5 C . pan or ho-.ise 305 First st.. above Folsom.
H°i^rnSJ 0
XX Broadway; 4 sunny rooms: rent $14.
_30 vS^» t KooMB . BATH: MODERN.
i7.3C.ayst.. near Van Ness aye.
E i E rl A T r SUK5 UKN V HOUSE: 8 ROOMS;
J- large in: reasonable. 816 McAllister!
545 I?.? 1 ROADWAY. NR. GOUGH ST.J
inhftt.'i,. se ' 8 rooms, with every convenience
in hot air furnace and marine view. 
ma LET —an ELKGANT NEW MODKRN
J- house: 9 rooms, bath ana finished basement;
wtit vr, n ,"; : marine view: rent reasonable.
" ILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 Post st.
WE RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
Mi\vn a m?. eOple ri nt - -BALDWIN & HAM-
>U'M) .lOMontgomerr si.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~~
Si ! I , N X V ?HR«B-ROOJt OOTTAQB; ONB.
%) 17 * half block from cars. Sanchez and 25th sts.
ftl 4 COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS, CELLAR AND
<a X-j. water. Call 325 Fifth st.
QT COTTAGE IN THE MISSION: FOUR
MJ * . rooms; two blocks from cars. 360 Jessie st.
<+£*)() COTTAGE; 4 ROOMS: FURNISHED,
v/ * Including piano. Apply 1402 Valencia.
POTTAGK; 4 ROOMS AND SHOP TO LET;
\J ■"■> Kills st. Inquire 1221 Laguna st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
CI'NXYHAN DSOMK LYF^I^RnTsII^iTfLOOR
ot 4 rooms, bath, etc ; table for family or
physician: reasonable. 913 I'oik. near Geary.
FLATS TO LET.
9 q I~SIXT~H_~TWC) SUNN Y FLATS; 7
•-OX rcoms, $:".> 60; 8 rooms, $25: bath; water
free. .
pOMFORT ABLY FURNISHED 6- ROOM FLAT
v-/ 10 let cheap. 1037 a Dolores St., bet. 10 a. m.
and 4 p. m.
Oil UPPER SIX ROOMS; BATH; RANGE;
<- I.JL« e;c. ; large sunny porch. Jersey and
t-anchez sts.
LAT— f7 PER MONTH. 728 HARRISON ST.,
between Third and Fourth.
"JV"EA R CITY~H ALL— ELEGANT FLAT: FIVE
.-^ rooms; latest improvements; $19. 141 Grove.
MO DE UN FLAT: 7 ROOMS, RATH. 1135
Geary st., bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
Y>AI.ATIAL FLAT OF 14 HOOKS, TWO
X baths, billiard-room, wineroom, electric lights,
separate entrance, front and rear, range, etc.; mod-
ern in every respect. 1890 Page St., northeast cor.
blirader, one block from Park.
AHA EACH: 3 SUNNY FLATS: 3 ROOMS;
Q.-U yard; basement. 810-812 Ellis st.
(iqO ALABAMA ST.— UPPER FLAT: 5
• '«)») large sunny rooms and bath, with modern
Improvements: rent $16; water free.
SI \N V FLATS: 3 AND 4 ROOMS: BATH;
garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post.
QIC NICK "FLAT. 734 FOLSOM.. BET.
011. • Third and Fourth. $18— 11 Webster st.,
near Waller. 5 rooms, bath. McEWEN BROS.,
118 Montgomery st. -:-'
A] i FLAT; 3 NICK LARUE ROOMS; SUN-
*_ 11 . ny; yard. 4 .Mit rye terruce, off Turk St.,
bet. Hyde and Larkin. - . ;*i . -">..- \ ,- .-
mO SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS. 412
». P. Eureka st., between Twenty - first . and
Twenty-second. -...■
1 qq HOWARD— NICK SUNNY 4-ROOM
1100 flat; lar^e yard: cheap rent.
QIO 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 thir-
♦_ 1 •)• teenth st., above Valencia.
1 1 Q WILLIAM— OF 5 ROOMS, BATH,
11" to let: furniture for sale. .
1 -AT FRANKLIN, NEAR PINE — SUNNY
LOU I UaL of 5 rooms and bath.
F LAT~6 ROOMS. (14: ALSO COTTAGE, 4
rooms, yard, cellar, $11. 6 .'9 Second St., near
Brannan.
pLAT: 6 ROOMS, ALL MODERN; YAP.I); $17.
■X 1318 Guerrt- ro si., near Twenty-fifth. -,r\~ :■"-
AY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LARGE ROOMS;
impiovements. 16 Guy place, o£ First st., bet.
Folsom and Harrison,
"L'LAT: 4 ROOMS AND BATH: 3138 &IX-
X te«uth St., near Guerrero: r?at reduced. '- ;
1 A I »_) MCALLISTER— FLAT OF 7 ROOMS:
XU JO modern improvements; yard; rent $25.
99 JIXTH-9 ROOMS; BATH; 1 OR 2
*J — — families: separate kitchens- and yards;
folding doors; mantel; rent reasonable. • -■ . .
QI O r.f\ LOWKRSUNNY- FLAT; 3 ROOMS.
«1D 1' 1 .tJ\J. bath, yard. 1008 Natoma St., near
Eleventh. - .
Q.qA UPPKR FLAT, 8 LARGE SUNNY
fsO\J. rooms ana bath. 625^ Larkin st.
Q99 UPPER BAY-WINDOW FLAT: 6
0— — • rooms and bath. 633 Natoma St.
UNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS. 13
Hampton place, between Second and Third sts.
£.1 - LOVELY FLAT: 6 ROOMS; BATH;
OXcJ. gas. 814 Nineteenth, near Sanchez;
water free.
I AND 5 ROOMS: BATH: $11. $12, $13; KLEC-
. '± trie lines. 4585 a, 4587, 4691 a Eighteenth.
99 1 L I IS RT ST., BfcT. TWENTIETH AND
—— 1 Twenty-first— Flat, 5 large rooms, bath;
new gas fixtures: large basement; back and front
flower garden; all same as new: rent only $15 ;
HOWARD COURT, KB. FOURTHS-UPPER
floor 5 sunny rooms, $14; lower 4 rooms, $13.
"I OOK AT~TH EBR COZY HUNNY UPPER
J ■> flats: 5 rooms and bath; marine view; 2 and 8
Hanover place, on' Sacramento st., below Mason;
key corner Mason.
XTPPKR PART OF 2-STORY FLAT. 133 LILY
J aye., key 136 Page st.
QOA NEW DOUBLE BAY" - WINDOW
v^_U. fiats, modern, 6 rooms and bath. 15
Henry s:., near Sanchez.
CO r UPPER DOUBLE BAY - WINDOW.
•. 1 «). flat, 5 rooms and bath. 747 Seventeenth
St.. near Pan tiri
QH/1 LILY AYE.— FOUR ROOMS AND BATH;
Out: rent 14. Owner 111 Van Ness aye.
■TVESIRABLK SUNNY' COR. FLAT; 6 BOOMS;
XJ latest improvements. 1541 Eddy. '-----
riENTKALLV LOCATED; 4 AND 5 BEAUTI-
\J fuls.inny rooms; ,$l3 50 up. 1615Va Mission
St., near Eleventh.
FOUR-ROOM FLAT; RENT $9. 319 DORE ST.,
X; near Bryant.
T OWKK l-'LAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
XJ side of street; rent $9 a month. 416 Ringold
St., bet. Eit,-hin and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
T~QA7 &TEINEII. NEAR 'sUTTER— LOWER
IOV I flat, 5 modern lanre sunny rooms; bath.
H^Ci.y MCALLISTER— FLAT: 6~ ROOMS;
• «-v>3 modern improvements; rent reduced.
QIC CONVENIENT 7-ROOM FLAT : NO
OX O. dark rooms; bath, closets and elevator:
at 946 Union st., Oakland. See X— NIG &
KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland. :
ODERN SUNNY UPPER 4-ROOM FLAT
- 1694 Page St., cor. Clayton, Go'.dea Gate Park.
"\\f ANTED — GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
»» flats: special terms; $10 up. SPECK _ CO.,
602 Market st. . ' •
TITE RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
>> treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st. .
EBSTER 207-209— SUNNY FLATS, 6 AND
7 rooms; rent 25, $27 50.
}?LEGANT~NEW- FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
J low Brvitnt. 5 and 6 rooms, hath: $8 to $16.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS. .
Bryant Street. '
071 Q BRYANT AYE., NR TWENTY-
— i 1O fifth— 3 sunny furnished rooms: private
family.
Buchanan Street.
1 A 1 n BUCHANAN— TWO OR 3 SUNNY UN-
-IUI I furnished rms. and bath for housekeeping.
Bush Street.
1 ,11 Q BUSH- LARGE ALCOVE; PLEASANT
1. __ O home: private family: reasonable; refnes.
California Street.
9PLOI CALIFORNIA— THREE ELEGANTLY
■ ZiuOl furnished rooms and bath for housekeep-
ing; cheap. ■ . ' - - v '
Clay Street.
1 £97 OLAT, NEAR POLK— 2 OR 3 FUR-
J-U-l Pished housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
Clinton Park. _
999 CLINTON PARK — 2 SUNNY ROOMS
_--,_j and bath, for light housekeeping.
i ddy street.
qrvr eddy-2 FURNISHED housekeep-
*)\r*J Ing rooms: private; rgasonable. ■■■■-•
Q I n EDDY— UNFURNISHED HOUSEiKEEP-
OX % Ing rooms; good location: private family.
Ellis >treet. .
I(\C\ ELLIS-SUNNY PARLOR FLOOR OF 3
I \JVJ rooms; nicely furnished for housekeeping.
Fifth Street. " ~
q9£. FIFTH— FTIRXISHED HOUSE-
O^O keeping, 3. $13; single, $5 up.
Filluiore Street.
Q] 2 SUNNY FURNISHED lIOUSEKEEP-
<pXVJ. ing rooms. 2208 V Fillmore St., nr. Clay.
• Fourth '■ Street.
_1 q fourth-furVisi? SUNN y front
■ ■±X«J room and kitchen; housekeeping; 1 room
wltVi Btoxe sevwat*-. cheap; sunny yard.
HOTJSEKEEP^rG BOOMS - Continued.
FjOlnom street.
51 1 f OLSOJI-FBOXt", AND BACK PAR-
tvxj. lor; furnished for housekeeping.
fSfSH FOI.SOM — 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
*-'. c i:_ for housekeeping; range, hot and cold water.
870 FOLSOM ST.-NICELY FURNISHED
reason T lll9 for hoUBekee P Si double ana single;
'wy st eet.
91 71 GEARY — LTGHT HOUSEKEEPING.
*->x I a rooms; rent 87: key at 217. - ■ - ■
Golden Gate Avenue.
QQQ GOLDEN GATE AYE 4 SUNNY NEW-
» ou ly^furnished housekeeping rooms: bath.
' Harriet Street.
9Q HARRIET— FURNISHED ROOMS FOB
-"»-> housekeeping.
Howard Street.
XXI 1 HOWARD — FURNISHED AND UN.
""•12 furnished room for housekeeping; first
floor, upstairs; cheap.- -.
740 HOWARD — _ OR 3 LARGE BUNNY
*\tu front rooms; nicely furnished: housekeep-
ing; private. .
1 H(\tt HOWARD— 2 FRONT BAY-WINDOW
xvlv/\l rooms for light housekeeping; rent
reasonable.
1 QAO HOWARD— SUNNY ROOMS;
J O\JZj rent cheap. .
• Kearny Street.-
-1 f\A KEARNY— S UNFURNISHED ROOMS
XVTX and bath, 25; a bargain.
Larkin Street. . -,
1 nOR PARKIN — LARGE, SUNNY FUR-
XUUU pished back parlor; Ior2: $10; gas; bath.
Market Street.
1 k ?-l MARKET. NEAR VAN NESS— I OR 2
x O-^"± sunny housekeeping rooms; gas stove;
folding bed.
McAllister Street.
K9] MCALLISTER — TWO UNFURNISHED
«J_jX carpeted rooms, front and back; very rea-
sonable.
Minna Street.
CA f* MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
*Jl\) housekeeping; large yard.
K7C MINNA— 2 StNNY FRONT ROOMS,
wit) complete for housekeeping.
ago TWO NICK ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
«IPO. housekeeping: lar«e sunny ' yard. 639
Minna st., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
.mi-- ..... "ireei.
qqo mission — large sunny base-
-000 meut, $9; also well-furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, $8.
CM MISSION ST. — 2 WELL-FURNISHED
O^l tJ sunny housekeeping rooms.
1 (VV^ MISSION-CHEAP HOUSEKEEPING
X \J*J*J and other rooms: rooms for batching.
1 999 MISSION— I OR 2 LARGE ROOMS;
1--- furnished for light housekeeping.
' oss Street.
1 q MOSS, OFFHOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH—
10 2 or 3 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Natoma Street.
f*f\-\ NATOMA-2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
UVX housekeeping; also single
New Montgomery Street.
1 A X NEW MONTGOMERY (FARGO HOUSE),
1"" 2 furnished housekeeping rooms com-
plete: $1 75 per weeg and upward.
Ninth Street.
91 NINTH— LARGE BAY-WINDOW FUR-
— 1 nisbed room for housekeeping; single rooms.
1 9i*l NINTH — FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
X —Us and single rooms, $4 to $10 per month.
Oak Street.
A C OAK — SUNNY FKONT ROOM, FIRST
jcO floor, new carpet, lace curtains, conserva-
tory, $8; also one room 34.
Octavla Street.
1 /IAO OCTAVIA ST., COR. GEARY— SUNNY
xtVJij housekeeping rooms; furnished or un-
furnished.
O'Farrell Street.
7AO O'FARRELL ST. — 3 UNFURNISHED
' vFO rooms ror housekeeping; $7. Call evening.
Ferry Street. .
177 PERRY— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
XII suitable for housekeeping: bath, hot and
cold water.
Folk Street.
097 POLK. COR. ' O'FARRELL—3 BEAUTI-
OZu 1 ful front rooms; en suite or single.
Scott Street.
1 ftl _ SCOTT— 3 OR 4 UNFURNISHED
XUX*— rooms: bath; garden; call afternoons.
second Street. ~~
m SECOND— LARGE UNFURNISHED
XXtJ room for housekeeping on Minna st. : cheap.
Seventh Street.
1 OC\ SEVENTH— 2 LARGE FRONT HOUSE-
XOU keeping rooms, with veranda and yard.
sixth Street.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
cozy housekeeping and other rooms.
Stevenson Street.
_|A,q STEVENSON, COR. FIFTH— FURNISH-
rt\JO ed rooms 'complete for housekeeping.
P;CQ STEVENSON — TWO UNFURNISHED '
O Ut/ rooms; fireplace. '■
. Stockton Street.
A 1 7 STOCKTON-FURNISHED ROOM AND
11 I kitchen, $12; single room, $5; sun.
Thirteenth Street.
] 7_. THIRTEENTH! NEAK HOWARD —
1 I "I Two unfurnished rooms; housekeeping; 86.
Twelfth Street.
1 A r TWELFTH, COR. HOWARD—
XltJ furnishtd rooms for housekeeping; reason-
able.
Twenty-sixth Street.
11 El TWENTY-SIXTH, NR. MISSION—
I 1 "2 Large convenient housekeeping suite
nicely furnished; $9 to $12. ■ .-■ -
Van Ness Avenue.
1 _.n_ VAN NESS AYE.— 3 FURNISHED OR
Xttv/ _ : unfurnished rooms. •
1 A(\f\ VAX NESS — ELEGANT PARLOR
XtV/U floor: piano: complete for housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET.
- _ddy Place.
1 9 EDDY-FRONT AND SUNNY SIDE
X£i rooms, cheap; transient.
9Q EDDY (YORK HOUSE)— SUNNY FRONT
-wt/ room and 2uouble; cheap; opposite Tivoli.
•Lightli street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 st., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Eleventh Streeet.
TO LARGE FRONT ROOM. ALSO
small room; furnished or unfurnished. 11l
Eleventh BU . .
-UllB Street.
rpHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
X HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hot & cold water.
qqA ELLIS— 2 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
tit >\/. rooms; closet, grate and water: reasonable.
4- •> EL.LIS-. PARLORH, NICLY FURNISH-
— — O ed, suitable for physician: also single room.
deary Street.
91 qOKARY— LARGE, FRONT ROOM, SUIT-
_j XtJ able for business. Key 217.
/^9)T GEARY— LARGE FKONT ROOM FOR
U-ltJ 1 or 2 gentlemen; private family; refer-
ence. .
HE MARTINET H. AS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites and single rooms
also suitable apartments for physician. 1101
Geary st., cor. Van Ness aye.
Golden u«te Avenue.
0.90 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
O-^l/alcove;2 gnts orconple;s.o;alsosingle,BBup
Grove Street. - ■:
1 A' OROVE-NICKLY FURNISHED LARGE
X\JO front rooms; $7 and $8. ■
Hayes Street.
£97 HAVES— LARGE FRONT ■ ROOM IN
D_ I . private family, with or without board, for 1
or 2 ; rent reasonable.
Howard Street.
PZ.(\ HOWARD — NICE, SUNNY, SINGLE
OOU room: suitable for gentleman.
1 A7A HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
1 U I U hot and cold water: rent $6.
inri HOWARD — LARGE SUNNY BAY-
i.Z.O'i window room for oae or a two; single
rooms cheap. z\\ - ■ '
Resale > treet. ■
O1 O JESSIE ST. — NEATLY- FURNISHED
OliJ rooms: with or without kitchen.
.. •. ~ Jones street.  . ~
OAT JONES — THE VAN - WINKLE: NEW
Z\t i management: ' elegant sunny suites and
elngle; newly furnished; bath, etc.; 810 to SHI).
: ii «amy street. -
A BLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY—
A mit sunny rooms, en suite and singlet first clan
in «-very respect: terms reasonable. <;- ■■ ~ . - ,
_eavenworth' street.
nip LEAVENWORTH— ELEGANT SUNNY
«ilO rooms; also suite; private family.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1896.
ROOMS TO LET-Continued.
iiMikfi Street.
V OSEMITB HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
X night, 35c to $1 ; week. $1 50 to $5: families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE. OFF GEARY, BET.
Mason and lor— Sunny rooms; *5. .
: SlcAil later Street.
A] 9 MCALLISTER — flat 1 sunny UN-
ttXij furnished double parlor and single room. .
1 Stllnii". - treet.
C A C M IN N A —CORNER SUNNY ROOM;
*J~X*J rent $8: American family.
r A(\ MINNA — NICE FRONT ROOM FUR-
O^iO pished, $4; rooms for light housekeeping. $6.
(iCi'J MINNA. CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
UU I furnished bay-window rooms: $1 a week.'
I Mint Avenue.
5 MINT AYE. — SINGLE AND DOUBLE
sunny suites: $1 np.| .
_iBKion street. /.;.■■»
EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION-NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
Ninth Street.
9 A NINTH, NR. MARKET— SUNNY FRONT
— <yj suite; gas; lor 2 gents or dressmaking.
Oak Street.
11 Q OAK— A PLEASANT, UNFURNISHED
L XV floor of 4 rooms: moderate.
O'i>arr_ll Street.
1 99 O'FARRELL— SINGLE ROOM, NICELY
1 —.__ furnished, for gentleman; all conveniences,
$7; . '
£91 O 'FAR RE ELEGANTLY FUR-
D— L nished suits and single rooms in handsome
private residence.
Polk Street.
QI q POLK — HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
CIO single sunny rooms; reasonable; gas, run-
ning water, bath, etc.; also housekeeping rooms. '
Post street.
mo POST— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
wUO parlors, lower floor; also single rooms ceeap
7AA POST, W. COR. JON — LARGE
I \J\J sunny alcove, suitable for one or two gen- (
tlemen. i
i ovu-. i Street.
99q POWELL — SMALL SUNNY ROOM
--O for gentlemen: $10.
Shotwell Street.
91 7 SHOTWELL — SUNN V, FURNISHKD
— II room; double bed; gas: bath; reasonable.
Mx th Street..
949 SIXTH-LARGE DOUBLE ROOM, SUIT-
-JTt^ able for 2 gentlemen; $6 per month.
Stevenson Street.
yJ9C STEVENSON, NrTfIFTH— 4 ELEGANT
j.-jU large rooms; yard: basement: first floor.
Stockton -Street.
1 q-| A STOCKTON— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
XOX tt single ; en suite : also doctor's office ; cheap.
gutter *.treet.
1111 BUTTER — NICELY FURNISHED
1111 rooms; single or en suite; terms reason-
able. - . - - .
Taylor Street.
1 flO, TAYLOR-SUNNY AND LARGE QUIET
±\JV rooms: closet, water, etc.: $2 a week.
CIQ TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED PAR-
«JXO lors; front; en suite or single. ■ .
C 99 TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISH-
<>— —ed room: lor 2 gentlemen. . -I f
• Tenth Street.
m TENTH. NEAR MARKET— LARGE
sunny rooms; housekeeping permitted.
third Street
WINCHESTER HOUSE— THIRD, NEAR
• » Market: most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 25c to $1 50 per night; *1 60 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading f m ; free bus.
Turk Street.
1 1 (\ TURK— BEAUTIFUL sunny SUITE;
XXU newly furnished; single; with convenien-
ces; board optional.
Van News Avenue.
XI q VAN NESS AVK.— ELEGANT SUNNY
— — parlor floor, complete for housekeeping; 2
oth^r rooms. ' . ;
Webster Street.
7] WEBSTER— 2 OR 3 LARGE HAND-
I XX some rooms furnished for housekeeping;
gas, bath. ;_^^^^
~ HOARDING- AND ROOMS.
Q'JK POStTnrTh^YTJE^SiICEirY FIJRnTsHD
OOU large front room; good board; 1 or 2 gents.
UN NY ROOMS, WITH BOARD; FIRST AND
O second floors; single or en suite: private: cen-
tral: reasonable. '23 j I Chatining way, Berkeley.
OOD BOARD WITH SUNNY ROOMS, 820
to $25. 516 Taylor street. -
Q97SUTTER- ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
O^j i suites and single rooms; tine board. MRS.
ISAACS. •
71 A GEARY— HANDSOME FRONT ALCOVE
• x\f suit with excellent home table, suitable for
2; also large rooms for 2 gents; very reasonable.
rpWENTIETH, 3625, BET. VALENCIA AND
X Guerrero— Alcove front, or smaller room with
board; first class; private family.
qi 9 EDDY (HEATH)— SUNNY BAY-WIN-
*-»X._J dow rooms, suitable for gentlemen; very
reasonable; board: references. , ■
"VTICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
Xi passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and |
$1 per day; $2, $2 50, 83 per week and up; $8 to
$30 mo. Hackmeler's Hotel. GEO. QRUENIQ, Pr.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 60
week, $16 a month, at Hackmeler's HoteL
HACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST.;
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG. pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
OTEL LERTLINO. 714 HUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
ern conveniences. .
A , P £ ST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United ."States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. r
children BOARDED.
WANTED— A LITTLE GIRL TO BOARD;
" terms reasonable; fine home. Address A. c'
BCHLEY, Hay wards, Cal.
PANTED— IOK 2 ■CHILDREN TO BOARD;
'' good home. 1043V 3 Valencia st.
. STORES TO LET. — — —
©if; large store and 4 rooms, ap-
<g)XO. ply 1433 Valencia st.
T\TW. COR. PACIFIC AND HYDE—
XI and 2 rooms, suitable for drugstore.
~~ ~' OFFICES TO LET. ~~~
rpo LET— NICELY FURNISHED OFFICES
X rent cheap. Room 7, Flood building. '
CALIFORNIA BAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
' Offices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
ss^ _rk - t '-i__ii..Kjy -' APP ' y at room
PRECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
0 Elegant sunny offices. $12 60 up: electric-light-
heating and janitor service free. Apply at buimiue
or G. H. UMBBEN A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
. _______ , . -
LOST.
LOST APRI L29 . '^9B^-GOLD^A ND PLAT^
mum locket; diamond on one side, R. J. w.
monogram on other. Liberal reward for return to
office. • ■
T OST— SUNDAY, SCOTCH COLLIE DOT?
XJ orange and white. Return to 319 Scott st. :
liberal reward. ' '
OST— ON MARKET ST., PAIR GOLD EYE-
glasses with chain; reward. 538 McAllister.
OST— BLACK DOG, BROWN ON LEGS- 31Z
months old. Return 744 Howard st. ; reward.
1 OST— LARGE BLACK CURLY DOG, 1 YEAR
XJ old; white spot under neck; strayed from 711
Hampshire st. Return and receive reward.
o»T— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEK"-
nla Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco
In the name of THOMAS FARREL, or to H C*
FKEESE, Public Administrator, Chronicle build
ing, Ne. 169-1120. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH Tar, lußlin.MA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of MRS. MARY BARRETT, No. 179754
The finder will please return to bank.
f LADIES' GOLD WATCH IN BLUE
XJ bag. Return 2268 Franklin; re ward.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE MBERNIA I
Savings ana Loan Society of Son Francisco, in
the name of HELEN D. DALGLEIBH, No.
188,956. The finder will please return to bank.
ATTORNEYS- AX-LAW.
L' E. PHILLIPS, U.&AND (-TATE COURTS'
• damage suits; law of probate and divorce;
charges moderate. . Ofllces, 508 California st, , '
A DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWB A SPECI-
- V *alty; private; . no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-ai-law. 850 Market.
J. NOLEN, ATTORNEY-AT-LaW. 719
• Market st. ; advice free. :■■"■ . .
J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
. law: advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNE W, 420
. California St.. rooms 14 and 16: advice free.
STORAGE. ,:
CITyT^IR&
0 proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
T OWEST RATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS,
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. Pierce, 735 Market.
m H. ROb«EY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
1 .reduced rates; basement storage, sl 50 per load
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
• low rates; fire-proof building: Eastern plan.
A PPLYFOR RATES FOR STORING FURNI-
-I\. ture, etc SHIREK & 6HIREK, 747 Marks:.. :
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MCAD'EE BROTHERS,
REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS, -
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE
LOTS. . .
(J-Qfinn AND UPWARD FOR a 25-foot
ijsi}\J\J\J lot on Presidio Heizhts, near Devisa-
dero st : superb marine view; choice locality: easy
terms; no more desirable location for homes in
the city. '■■'..
S-QQfifl AND UPWARD FOR A 25-FOOT
«IPOOIJU lot, corner Scott , and McAllister sts.:
the property is in the midst of fine dwellings near
the park, and Is in every way desirable lor resi-
dence that will always' bft sought after; persons
proposing to bui.d should see us at once for favor-
able terras. )
CJJ9IAA HEVISADERO Si., NEAR WAL-
(SP-jXUU. ler; 25x116; an excellent residence
lot, with good view; desirable and improving
neighborhood.
<3_qflfifV BRODERICK ST., NEAR GROVE;
is)ij\J\J\J. 25x100; a most desirable residence
lot; asphaltum street, cement sidewalk and ac-
cepted; everything in shape tor immediate build-
ing.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st. -.'
d_Q7£iUASH, BALANCE EASY PAYMENTS,
<ID I new bay-window cottage, modern Im-
provements; lot 26x1i)0, South Broderick, near
Haight. Apply 1330 Mission st.
<J_ I AX A RARE - CHANCE FOR A HOMii;
tip 1 rtO\J. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms, cor. lot,
50x50, Hojly Park; small payments same as rent.
CADENArSO — CO., 512 Montgomery st. .
A_ HOKIDKK. LOUIS A. 80UC.
I A. BOUC & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS-
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
As we make a specialty of Mission property and
are right on the spot, we can save you* time and
money by calling on us at once.
A few good things that must go this week:
fI_CAAA 25X114-19TH, NR. GUERRERO:
I f]ptJ\J\J\J. modern bay-window flats of 6 and 7
1 rooms; bath, laundry and basement; Al order.
1 <&^fW) 25x114; TWENTIETH ST., NEaR
«!p«J«JU''. Valencia: bay-window house; 8 rooms
and bath: $3500 can remain on mortgage.
U(\f\{\ 30x114; LIBERTY ST..NR. GUER-
<JpUv/uU. rero: window house; 8 rooms:
bath; laundry; Nob Hill of • the Mission ; grand
view.
QiftXfYn VALENCIA. NR. 20TH: LOT 29x
tJpUUUU. 90: bay-window house. 8 rooms and
bath: could at small cost be converted Into busi-
ness property. ;
fl> ,j7(r A "30x114: HILL ST., NR. VALEN-
«jpdt I i)U. cla: bay-window house 8 rooms, bath,
laundry: house in perfect order; street bitumin-
ized: moitgHce of $-^750 can remain; property
well worth $6000.
IgOf'AA 26x125; CHATTANOOGA ST., NR.
rjp—iUUw. 22d: cozy cottage 5 rooms; bath:
perfect order; fine garden.
(EJOAAA SAN CARLOS AYE., NR. 19TH—
rJpOv'W. 2-story house 5 rooms, bath; street
work ail done and accepted. .
C-OOnn 25x80; LEXINGTON aVE., NEAR
»|P^OWU. 19th— 2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms; rent
$28; street work all done and accepted.
Our list comprises some of the best property In
the Mission. Lots of all sizes in any of the home-
steads; a so good business corners in any part of
the Mission; call and get a list and prices.
If yon want your vacant houses rented place
them with us. ,
L. A. SOUC <t CO., 465 and 467 Valencia st.,
near Sixteenth.'
SOL GETZ _ BRO.,
REAL-ESTATE OWNERS)
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
NEW BLOCKS, NEW LOTS.
X\ for homes or investments at great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains.
fi_7' TO $200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
«3D 4 O boulevard; $10 dowu, $5 monthly. SOL
GETZ & BRO.
<2»qAA $400. $450, $500 TO $1100 —
fJpOUV/. Choicest lots in Richmond; near Sutro
electric-car line and near new concert, grounds.
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms to suit puichasers. SOL GETZ _
BRO. . ___!___
©1 AA TO $260— BUILDING LOTS, NEAR
<JSXUv/ Misslon-st. and electric-car lines: only
$10 down, $5 monthly. SOL GETZ & BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ * BBC, OWNERS,
BOOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
1 A A LOTS — —
X-±\J SOLD IN THE PAST i •: : >,
FOUR MONTHS
In the Castro-st. Addition: speaks well for the
property and the prices, does H not? 'If you will go
I and see the property, we think you | will buy a lot
: also, for you cannot help but be favorably im-
I pressed with the property.
LOTS $350 TO $400.
TERMS $5 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
. The streets are all graded, sewered and macada-
mized; title perfect.
Take the Guerrero-st. electric cars to-day (Mis-
sion or Valencia transfer at 14th st.) and ride to
Chenery and Castro sts.; agent on the ground to
show property.
BALDWIN ft HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
TTOW'S THIS FOR A BARGAIN?
$250 each: fine building lots; 25x114 each:
finely situated; only 3 blocks from Castro-st. cable
cars ; $5 down and $5 a month.
You can't afford to invest In outside districts
when inside lots can be bought at such low figures.
JACOB HEYMAN,
5 Crocker building, Post and Market sts.
MONEY
LOANED ON REAL ESTATE
AT LOWEST MARKET
RATES.
BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
SHORT NOTICE BY' THE
: CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY,
OFFICE. MILLS BUILDING,
L. R. ELLERT, Vice-President.
$1 PER WEEK: FRUIT VALE TERMINAL
<jpl tract; lots $100. McCART V CO., 646 Mkt.
SW. COR. FOLSOM. AND 21ST STS.; 95x90
ft.; will subdivide; cheap for cash: also SW.
26th and Treat ay. ; 25x110 ft. Ing. 1205 Market.
MARKET-oTKEET PROPERTY. r
READY FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x80.
<; :, near .Valencia.
Rare chance for investors to buy below the mar-
ket, value. Save commission and time. Address
1010 Leaven worth St.
CJJI qAA COTTAGE; 3 ROOMS: LOT 60x135;
0 *-O\J \J» in Berkeley, . near station: payments
easy.-
JBl —Cottage; 3 rooms: lot 75x125.
$1000— Handsome corner; 100x100; $15
monthly. < ■• '
$200— Lot 25x135; $10 down; $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY', 20 Montgomery st.
(JiOA PER LOT, 25x100; SAN BRUNO ROAD:
«H)_Jl/ 6V2 miles from Palace Hotel: patent title;
S. p. R. v. shore line will cross tract, make it busi-
ness property; .15 minutes distant; Rome day
worth $1000 a lot; deed, map and abstract $1. A.
WHEELER. 331 Montgomery St., room 10.
MODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500:
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHKY, 1149 Mission
WEEK'S NEWS FOR • 6 : CENTS — THB
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing. ■
MOSEY TO LOAN.
■rxiRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Ponohue . bldg, 1170' Market st.
AKLAND LOANS ON FIRST MORTGAGES
\J on improved real estate can be received on
short notice *t current rates of interest. Apply to
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
<_> IAAA TO $8000 TO LOAN ON REAL
up XvUv/ estate on installments. Address Prin-
clpal, box 74, Call office.
(D;9/iAA TO LOAN ON HOTEL OR LODG-
<JP_jVJUv/ ing-house. Address Loan, box 67,
Call Office. ~.
ffl*l AA nflfV TO LOAN ON LIFE INBUR-
nD JLUU. UUU ance policies. JOSEPH B.TOP-
LITZ, 330 Pine. ' ■:
I>lG CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PKK CENT;
JJ the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19,Ca1l Office.
A D VANCE ON . LIFE INSURANCE. LEGA-
-ri. cl>>s, pianos: lowest rates. 215 Sansome, rm 5.
LUAAJS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
ORTGAGEB, LOANS ON COLLATE RA 8;
low rates. 3ylvain Saloman «fe C 0. ,328 Montgy
IST & 2D MORTGAGES: INTERKSTS IN KS-
Xtates;lowest ratos:no deIay. MURPHY, 628
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS,JKWEL«Y, KTO
xV Columbia Loan ct Collateral Office. 9 Grant aye.
A _ AAIOU.NT; IST, «-• or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro.
hp»p. MrtiOLflAX. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3. "
■Y| o.N_, 1 ;•: Zua"nluj uS JKWiiLRY AND
-"' other valuables at the . Security Loan Office,
1 3 06 Market St.. nr. Mason: private^ntranco 7 '"uric.
PAWNBROKERS.
A"~T~I2B^KEARNY BtT! ROOM~9^MONBY
loaned, watches, diamond etc; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal i cheap. -■•;.■ ;■:-•!
MONEY WANTED. -
\\rANTKP— TO BORROW $300 ON.UNQUES-
,■'"» tlonabfe security; ■will pay big interest. Ad-
dress lIICKOK <<: CO.. 873y 8 Market st.
BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION
\J sociation— Home I office. 222 Sansome st., S. F.
General savings & loan business. Ed. E. Hill, Pres.:
Oliver Eldridge, V-Pr. ; W. Corbin, Sec. & Gen.Man.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. .
Of) ACRES CHOICE AND HIGHLY IM>
O'/ proved land: Santa Cruz County: 25 acres
vineyard, *26 acres orchard; fine house and barns;
choice location: will exchange for large bouse, San
Rafael cr near city.
ACREt* FINELY "LOCATED LAND
ttUO near Menlo Park, San Mateo County; will
sell at the low figure of $27 60 peracre: grand
chance for an investment near the university.
1 OC\ ACRES OR MORE OF NO. 1 LAND IN
JLUv Alameda County ht $15 per acre. •
■ . EDWIN K.ALSIP& CO.,
Room 29, second floor, Mills building, S. F.
. ffiji P»nrt $500~DOWN; 100-ACRiS RANCH:
»Jpl- O\J\J. well fenced; farmhouse, barn and
orchard. . -
$Hiso— so-aore ranch in Scotts Valley, Lake
County; 30 acres in alfalfa; house and running
water.
$550—160 acres: 100 level: house, barn and run-
n ing water. CHAS. COLTON, 906 Market st.
<CiftOAn A HOME RANCH 2Va MILES
irpOUvU. from Santa Rosa: r.6 acres, including
6-room cottage, hard finish, and furniture: barn
and farm implements, windmill' and tank; 3
horses, 1 cow, chickens, etc. intending pur-
chasers only will please apply to MR. C. STAIIL,
grocer, corner-Fourth ana \Vilson sts., Santa Rosa,
who will furnish free transportation to the ranch.
Further information may be obtained at 2914 Cali-
fornia st., San. Francisco, between 6 and 8 o'clock
P. M. ' . - ■
OR SALE— 2O ACRES GOOD LAND; FINE
for chtchen ranch: close to thriving town and
only 2 hours by rail from city. Address Land,
box 29, Call Office. -. y . ; ; ■] -..-..:. -;'-
-mo LET— A RANCH IN REDWOOD CITY
JL foothills. Apply at 419 Castro st.
STABLISHED...... ..'...16 YEARS
N. D. SICKELS
THE
- LAND AGENT. ' ,
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (.3000 propositions) : most reliable,
* largest and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America,
620 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
OGAND COW FARM, 80 ACRES; $15 PER
acre; alt level; oak timber: half mile from
station. 1911 McAllister st.
Oii^nn COTTAGE OF 7 ROOMS AND
«Jn«J«J'»V7. bath, corner lot 113x136, 2 blocks
from depot ; 8 acres garden land in Ross Valley,
or- hard and running stream, old improvements
$bOOO. Address J. TUN STEAD, San Rafael.
ALUABLE CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
V lands for sale on easy terms.
IUUUi ACRES; RANCHO BOCA DE LA CAN-
UWULF ada del Pinole: 12 miles east of Berk eley,
near narrow-gauge railroad. .
1 QHli ACRES OF CHOICE LEVEL jIAND
J-OUU adjoining San Pablo railroad depot and
bordering on the bay of San Francisco. ■
Ol\(\ ACRES CHOICE VINEYARD LAND
u"U adjoining the famous vineyards of the
Mount Diablo and Glen Terry wine companies at
Clayton, Cal.
Also 2 tracts of 665 acres each within 3 milt's of
the Pinole railroad station. Apply to tno owner,
SIMON BLUM, Martinez.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOME!)
k5 lor sale. WOOSTER ifc WHITTON. San Jose.
ffiJO AN ACRE; 320 ACRES. HOUSE, FENCES,
tIDO fertile soil, living water, plenty of wood;
crops never fail; good for stock, grain, fruit, poul-
try, etc.; terms easy: no snow; no chills. M. A.
GRIFFIN, real estate agent, Cottonwood, Shasta
County. Cal. ■
ARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILKS
uom Ban Francisco.
Rancbo de Nor at o.
Tracts rat any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $76 ocr acre; terms made
io suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESIMKNT COMPANY, 64
end 65 Chronicle building.
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: IM-
-LJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved.
with small house, etc. D. H. TW'ING, Sonoma
City. Incwir* 6H2 Market St.. S. F. ■ . !
RANCHES to let.
T\E^G^trl : ul]L?^s7T^A^rE^~c^^3?T^rTV
XJ house, with outhouses, garden and pasturage;
onlysl_; use of cow, horses, poultry, etc., If de-
sired. by arrangem-nt. WRIGHT, box 6. Call.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building, 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
JOS. J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND IN-
surance at'ent, Berkeley station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FoITBTL¥^RIix^H^N~GE^b~R^OA'KLAND^
JC Alameda or San Francisco improved prop-
erty—Finely equipped fruit and alfalfa ranch at
Tuiare City: with stock, large house, barn. etc.
For particulars address Owner, box 632, San Jose.
p ROCKRY-STORE FOR SALE OR EX-
VJ" change for city property. Apply 499 Haight.
'"Win LOTS— FROM $50 TO $20,000 ■■
*J\J\J 20 houses and lots, from $1250 t0..510.0r0
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 t0.......... 30,000
20 houses, Oakland and Alameda, $1000 to 8,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels, from $2t/0 to. 3,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
I SELL AND EXCHANGE : 1
All kinds of property. — .
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
fflJ^H nn/Y>-ST OCK RANCH; 1920 ACRES;
*]pO\J.\J\JKJ. Placer County; Improved; ex-
change for city property; mortgage for $15,000.
DECKER, 1020 Market at.
4 LOTS IN THE MISSION FOR SA CHEAP,
or in exchange for rooming-house or business.
Apply 111 Liberty st.
TO EXCHANGE FOR GOOD CITY PROP-
erty— 3o acres atVacavlHe; all bearing in the
oest kinds of fruit; rents for $1500 per annum.
Address T. F., 434 Tenth St., city.
1 9QO ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
1 -m\.j\l water: fine for cattie-rtilslng. N..bx.l6.Cail
MEDICAL. — — —
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
-£x stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post St., near Larkln.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
neTer fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately ; prices to salt
the times; home in confinement, lilt. & MRS.
DAVIES, 14 McAllister su, next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
7 ADIES— CHICHESTKR'S ENGLISH PEN-
Xj ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best:
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," In letter by return
mail; at druggists Chichester • Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Fa.
NEW PROCESS— MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day:
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 KearJjy st.
D~RsTgOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY~OP
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day ; cure or no charge; separata
home for patients: best skill; medical attend-
nce: low tees; regulator. if 1 1370 Market si.
LADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA-
J ting pills; strongest, safest, best; never fall;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents.
URE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 226 Turk St. -
RS. DR. WEGENER, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE,
1 don't fall to see MRS. DR. PUKTZ, 254V a 4th.
T ADIES — GERMACIDE CAPSULES PRE-
Xj vents, safe, sure; pills no longer required;
$1 BO per box. G. 8. P. Co., 1031 Mnrlcet st., S. F.
T ADIES, CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT.
Xj 216 Powell st. ; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
T\R, HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
~J*nps. liiseases of women and children.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'SCARE.
A. MRS. DR. FUN K'S, 1416 Eighth st..Alamcda.
A LPEAU'S ■ FRENCH PILLS-A . BOON TO
A ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOIi BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
■';-■'' -^ -' DENTISTS. -^^ 'J
D~~I£rLT~T7Tj{ANZ^-EXTRACTION PAINLKSS,
crown work, bridge work \ and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 50c, with gas sl.
©7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
«Jp I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist.. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
R. LUDLUM. HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old: plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
ONEST WORK; VERY LOWfcBT PRICES.
DR. H ARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
I HULL t>KT OF TEETH. $7} WARRANTED
X five years. DR. V. CA VaLSK Y. 24 Sixth st.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk si.
I R, GEORGE W. LEEK. • THK ; GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of nalnless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teetn
■ without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell si.
T> A INLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; v; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; IS vearV
experience. '. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815«4 Geary.
I iR. H. H. SHAW, ■ 224 \ KEARNY — BRIDGE^
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. : "
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 806 MAR-
) ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
IX.. WORK REASONABLE AND WA.B/
ranted. DR. 1. W. KEY, 1123 Market St. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
* ■OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
T OOK ! $100 ! LOTS ON INSTALLM ENTS:
-LJ no interest; near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. PINNEV, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ONLY $1000. WORTH $2250; COTTAGE, 5
rooms, b.uh, etc. large lot: one minute from
station at Twenty-third aye. .LODGE «fc POWELL,
Fruitvale station.
ATTENTION BUILDERS — P.ARTIKS YE-
■ SA, siring to build homes or houses to rent will find
It to their advantage to call on us at once; special
attention given to alterations or repairs: plans and
specifications furnished free of charge. A. H
BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
IP OK SALE— ONE OF THE BEST-PAY I
produce businesses on the coast: an opportunity
of your life: call at once. T. K. ANDERSON, 463
Ninth St., Oakland.
G~ ENUINE BARGAIN — LOT 30x150. ON
-* Webster st.. near Fourteenth, with improve-
ments: no reasonable offer refused. For full par-
ticulars apply immediately 8., box 7, Call Oflice.
Oakland. .
flfl (inn CASH WILL BUY A BEAUTIFUL
«JT I'.'vU cottage of 6 rooms and bath large lot;
in the prettiest spot in Kast Oakland. For bar-
gains in Oakland and Fruitvale properly see K.
KILL, 34 Donohoe building, S. F.
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
J.l ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tioh: 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland: street work all done; sewers,
gas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tion^ ■ •
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
<IPOtJ. HAAS'. 403 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA real estate.
LOOK-$350 FOR LOT^^iTII?^A~BLOCK
JLJ from Park St., Alameda, on installments: tine
location. H.B. PINNEY, 902 I'roadway, Oakland.
<U»9Qnn 6-ROOM COTTAGE; $300 CASH
WAiyyjyj. and $25 per month.
$2750— 5-room cottage: $250 cash and $25 per
month.
$3000— 6-room house; $200 cash and $25 per
month. ,
If we have nothing on hand to suit you will
build to order on easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD CO.. 1364 Park St., Alameda.
fltfi-dOO -EQUITY IN SPLENDID ALA M EDA
«{Pv»t:v/IJ. City residence property (2 houses) to
exchaneefor good unincumbered farming lands:
Alameda or Santa Clara counties preferred. Ad-
dress with particulars Farmer, room 8, floor 8,
Mills building, s F.
ffl*l I 7!\f\ MODKRN COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS
«JP 1. I O\J. and bath; $100 cash, $20 per month.
No. 736. •
$3600— cor. : new; Brooms and bath: open
plumbing, etc.; $1250 cash. $30 a month. No. 735.
$3100— $100 cash, $25 a month; fine 6-room cot-
tege; lot 40xl25;nice grounds. No. 606.
$5000— Elegant new house: 8 rooms: must be
sold: $500 cash, $40 per month. No. 671.
82800— Snap: $160 cash, $25 per month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 752.
$3500— New modern 2-story: 7 rooms and bath;
$250 cash, $S0 per month. No. 662. .. i
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st, Alameda.
VTEW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
-Li rooms, just completed, on Central aye., 1 block '
west from Park st.; lot 36x140; rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: pa lor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els in doors; plate glass throughout; beautiful
brick mantel in dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement; elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as lam
sure if jji wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
a. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
RARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
easy terms; 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and '-'-
story dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up;
$i5O cash: balance on easy monthly payments to
suit. Address A. R. DEN KE, real estate, archi-
tect and builder, 1503 Seventh st.. Alameda.
fflj 1 A A TO $250 DOWN, 525 MONTHLY; NEW
«D -I "" 6 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, sci.ool. etc ; with large
lot: 92400 to $5000: send for Illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 150U
Park St.. A lambda. -
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issue! by
the County Clerk's oflice yesterday :
B. L. Sedgley and Kittle L. Stlllwasjron, 29—22.
Thomas .1. Christian and Nellie Wright, 2s— 2o.
Andrew Cassidy and Catherine O'Reilly, 41—40.
Luigi Coraollo and Maria Culotta, 23—18.
1 Charles H. Tanzer ana Liilie Schmolck, 22—22.
John Utschig Jr. and Emma Kuhn. 23—20.
W. C. Greenfield and L!na Mendelsohn, 24—
John McMullinand Martha Thompson, 46—28.
Ellis Tyrrell and Marie Spiegel, 27— 30.
Hana Larsen and Vlgelia Hansen, 37—23.
Julius Morris and Theresa Blumenthal, 33—27.
William 1 . White and Alice R. Wilson, SO— 3s.
:' DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Complaints filed: . ,•■■
..; Michael Topete against Annie C. Topete.
Catherine Blumerhassett against John Blumer-
hassett.
Olympe C. Mafille against Eugene Mafllle.
Divorce granted: •
•Mabel F. Sumner from Wallace . Sumner, for
neglect; by Judge Hebbard. Plaintiff allowed
ens ody of minor child.
— MARRIAGES — DEATHS. =
BORN.
HUBBARD— In this city. April 29, 1896, totha
wife of Frank J. Hubbard, a son. .
LUSICH— In this city, April 29, 1898, to the wife
of Matthew Lusich, a son.
MARTIN— In this city, April 29, 1896, to the
wife of F. Martin, a daughter.
BOULO— In this city, April 26, 1893. to the wife
of C. L. Roulo, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BURTHELET— JONES— In this city, April 25,
1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Antoni Burthe-
' let and Lillla Reba Jones.
CHRISTIAN— WRIGHT— In this city, April 29, !
1896, by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, Thomas J.
Christian of Martinez, Cal., and Nellie Wrlcht of
Middletown, Cal.
HART— PETERSEM— Tn this city. April 26,1896,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Henry W. Hart and
Gertie L. Peteraen. *
HEILMANN— LAMBERT— In this city, April 23,
. 1896, John E. Heilraannaud Emma Lambert.
HERON— WHEELER-At the Church of Bt.
Mary the Virgin. April 25, 1896. William Mor-
ton Heron, son of W. Heron of Edinburgh. Scot-
land, and Ada Louise Wheeler, daughter of Bar-
i ton Wheeler of Bournemouth, 1 England, and
nelce of E. J. Hunt of San Francisco.
NICHOLS— GODLKY— In this city, April 28,1896,
by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, George O. Nichols
and Mrs. Mary V. Go 1 ley.
PARRY-MORRIS— In this city. April 28. 1896,
:by the Rev. E. B. Stewart, William 11. Parry of
" Seiby, Cal., and Anna Morris of San Francisco.
STAHLMANN-BUELNA-In this city, April 26,
1896. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Edward 11. A.
Stahlmann and Lizzie Buelna. '
TAENZER— SCHMOLCK— this city. April 24,
183*5. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Charles H.
Taenzer and Lillie Schmolck.
TJTSCHIO-KUHN— In this city, April 29, 1895.
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. William Utschig and
Emma Kuhn. -
DuiO.
Barnes, William P. Holehan, Mrs. Eliza .
Boolmer, Adolph Howitt, Edward ■',•"-
Booth, Anne C. ■ Johnson.' Olaf •
Boyle. Mary ; . -i •: Knack, Charles J.
Cotter, Miss Mary C Lippolt, Jacob
Davis, Henry Martr-li, John C. . '
Doher:y, Amelia Mulheurn, Bridget
Kverson, Charles v Muliln, Kllen
Field, Annie H. J. F. Nicholas, Maria E.
; Finigan, Henry * Niedt. Hazel .
. Fitzgerald, Thomas Nordhausen, Ernest A.
Gere ner. William O'Keefe, Mary
. Grecory, Annie M. -" - Quisle v, Edward
Harrison, Philip J. Held. John W.
Harvey, George F. Schmolz, Bertha E.
Hoben, Henry ■ Voullieme, Agnes •
BARNES— In this city. April 28, 1896, William
P., beloved . husband of Margaret Barnes, and
father of Mrs. Bessie- Frankly n, a native of In-
diana, seed 66 years 3 months and 6 days.
Friends ana acquaintances »r.> respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
. (Thursday), at . 2 o'clock p. m.: from Pioneer
Hall, Fourth street, near Market. Interment
8 Petal Cemetery. '.'■'■'£'•■■
BOOLMER— In Alameda, April 29, 1896, Adolph,
beloved husband of Julia Boolmer.
BOOTH— In Oakland, Anne C. Booth, wife of Wil-
liam Booth, and mother of Edward Booth and
: Mrs. William M. Bunker.
BOYLE— In this city, April 29. 1896, Mary, be-
loved mother of Edward M. and the late John J.
and Thresa Boyle, and sister of Mrs. H. Hell-
' mann, a native of Counter Leltrim, Ireland, aged
63 years. ..
4ES~ Friends and acquaintances are resueo
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
' (Friday), at 9 o'clock • a. it., from her late
residence, 809 Filbert street, thence to St. Fran-
. Cis Church, where a solemn requiem mam will be
celebrated for the repose . of her soul, com-
- mencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Mount Calvary
.Cemetery. ..■■,. ;. ,
COTTER— In this city, April 28. 1898, Miss Mary
C. Cotter, a native of Vermont, aged 52 years 10
months and 24* days. '. ;■ ••■•■ ■". .■•-..
DAVIS— In this city, April 28, 1596, Henry, be-
loved husband of Amanda Davis, and father of
Ike, Charles and Ralph Davis, Mrs. C. C. Keene,
Mrs. Emanuel Snow and Mrs. Leon de Koos.
a native of London, England,' aged 74 years 9
months and 7 days. : .-
*«*Frienrts ' ana acquaintances are resDect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. M., from Red Men's
Hall, 320 Post street, thence to Salem Cemetery
: by train leaving Third ■ and Townsend streets at
3:30 o'clock p. x. . ...
DOHKRTY— In this city, April 1896, Amelia,
beloved wife of the late Hugh Doherty, and
- mother of : Mary, Margaret, Joseph, . Edmond.
Millie. James, Sadie,' Gertrude, Charles and.
■ Harold Doherty, a native of New j Orleans, La.,
aged 48 years.' . '.IJEfjjMxiMOfflHßJi'lMilittHtlj
EVERSON— In this city. April 28, 1896, Charles
Everson, beloved husband of Annie Everson, and
. father of Mrs. W. White, Mrs. N. Owens, William,
Frank, Albert, Annie and tue late Charles »nd |
George Eversoa, a native of Norway, aged 63
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invneato attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 1322 Montgomery street, thence to St.
Francis Church foi services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ■ " "
R. and S. U. -Riggers and Stevedores' Unloa
Association, funeral no.ice: The detail from
George Hanley to William Johnson, Inclusive,
will assemble at their hall TO-MORROW (Fri-
da'l. at 9 o'clock a. m. sharp, to attend th«
funeral of our late brother. Charles Everson. By
order of M. J. Mosaj.-, President,
F. E. i; run Rec. Sec. . .
FIELD-Aprll 29, 1896. Annie H. Fader Field,
beloved mother of Annie Haskcll, Katie Faast,
Helen Jones, ■ Victor Fader, Joe and Phillip
* Field, a native of > Robertson, Me., aged 60 years.
fCalais (Ma.) papers please copy.]
FITZGERALD— In this city, April 28, 1896. at '
his residence. 2508 California street, Thomas
■ Fitzgerald, beloved husband ot Bridget Fitzger-
ald, aud brother of Mrs. Dowd and Mrs. Bull-
winkle, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
X3~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
. (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, thence to St. Dominic's Church, Bush
and Steiner streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FINIGAN— In this city, April 29, 1896, Henry J.,
beloved husband of the Ire Margaret Finigan
and only sou of Catherine Finigan, a native of
New York City, aged 45 years. A member of
St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance of California.
[New York and Brooklyn papers please copy.]
&9~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited 'to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m.; from his late resi-
dence, 328 Eighteenth street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated ■ for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment very Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
GKRSTNER— In this city. April 2S, 1898, William,
beloved husband of Carrie Gerstner, father of
Louis Gerstner, only son of Mary and the late
Anton Gerstner,. and brother of Mrs. Colonel A.
Andrews and Mrs. Florence Dovechi, a native of
New York City, aged 44 years '£ months and 2S
days. [New York and Chicago papers please
copy.J v
49" Friends and acquaintances and members of
Pocahontas Tribe No. 11. I. O. R. M., are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. jr.. from his late resi-
dence, 47 Clara street, between Third and
Fourth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GREGORY— In this city. April 29, 1896. Annie
M. Gregory (nee Hart), dearly beloved wife of
Thomas V. Gregory, and mother of Mary L.,
Carol. V., Lillian A. and Frank T. Gregory.*
native of Ireland, aged 46 years 11 months and -
11 days.
.Notice of funeral hereafter.
HARRISON— In this city, April 28, 189 S. Philip
Julian Harrison, son of Hon. Raluh Harrison.
O~Fnntral strictly private. ■ ,
HARVEY— In this city, April 29. 1896, George F.,
beloved and eldest son of William and Annie
Harvey, and nro.herof Willie, John, Eddie,
Charlie and Walter Harvey, a native Of San
Francisco, aged 24 years and & months.
Si" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from the resi-
dence of his parents, 724 Twenty- first street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOBEN— In this city, April 28. 1896, Henry,
beloved husband of Henrietta Hoben, aud father
of Charles, William and Robert Abel, Mrs.
Harry Higgins and Mrs. Charles Haaf. a native
of Hamburg, Germany, aged 57 years 8 months
and 5 days.
£3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter <£. Co.. 122 Eddy street.
Interment private.
HOWITT— In Adelaide, South Australia, Febru-
ary 27, l«9t>, Edward Howiit. aged 87 years.
HOLEUAN-In this city, April £8. 1896,Mr5. Eliza
Holehan, beloved wife of th" lute John Holohan,
and dearly beloved mother of Mary A. Holehan,
a native of Ireland, aged 5S years and 7
months.
£3*"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday at 9 o'clock a. it., from her late
residence, 510 Eddy street, theitc-e to St. Mary's
Cathedral, corner of Van ess avenue and O'Far-
re.l stieet, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:80 o'clock a. m. interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, April 28. 1896, Olaf
Johnson, beloved husband of Annie, and father
of LUlie and Harold Johnson, a native of Nor-
way, aged 36 years, a member of Court Seal
B.ock No. 45, F. of A.
USTFrienUs ana : acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, 1617 Polk street, and thence to Ss.
Bridget's Church, corner Van Ness avenue ana
Broadway, where services will be held, com-
mencing at 1:30 o'clock p. if. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KNACK— In this city, April 28, 1896. Charles
John Knack, beloved son of Mrs. Lena Knack,
and brother of George and Phillip A. Knack and
Mrs. Fred Homer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 yea's 11 months and 6 days.
O*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attena the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence. 4 Fella place, off Powell street, be-
tween Pine and Hush, under the auspices of Gol-
' den Gate Parlor No. 29, N. S. G. \V. Interment
I. Ok O. *". Cemetery.
LIPPOLT— In this city, April 27, 1896, Jacob
Lippolt, father of Peter, Charles and Henry Lip-
polt, a native of Baden, Germany, aged 73 years.
aar Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter «fc Co., 122 Eddy street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MAKTELL— In this city, April 29, 1896, John C
Martell, beloved husband of Sadie C. Martell,
and son of John aud Frances (". Msrtell, a na-
tive of Sau Francisco. Cal., aged 36 years and 8
months.
.*3~Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to a tend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the residence,
. 436 ban Jose avenue, near Army street. Inter-
' ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MULLIN— In thiscity, April 29. 18?) 6. Ellen, be-
loved wife of Charles F.. and mother of Eugene
and Robert Mullin. and daughter of Patrick and
the late Mary O'Keefe, and sister of Mrs. A.
Green and Mrs. M Hughes, a native of Hacra-
mento, Cal., aged 25 years.
UEs" Notice 01 funeral hereafter.
MULHEAKX— In this city, April 28, 1896. at St.
Joseph's Home. Bridget . Mulbearn, a native of
Ireland, a^e.l 73 years,
DfS"Friends and acquaintances «r» resnec-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THTB DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from St.
Joseph's Home, Park Hill and sou.h Broderick
streets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NORDHAUSEX— In Oakland. April 29, 1896,
Ernest A., beloved son of Mr*. Marie and the
late Adolf Nordhausen. and brother of Mrs. G.
F. HeeseTiann and Chnr>s C. Nordhausen, a na-
tive of Oldenburg, Germany, acwd 44 years 9
month* and 9 days. [Charleston (S. C.) papers
please copy. "
£?)■"■ Friends and acquaintances ar<» rp*nect-
fr".y invited to attend the funeral SATURDAY.
May 2, at 2 o'clock p. m.. front hi* late resi-
, dence, 663 Fourteenth street, Oakland. Services
under the au>pices of Oakland (oinrnanlary No.
11. K. T. " Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
' Please omit flowers.
NICHOLAS— In this city. ADrll 2-». 1896, Maria
Kllen, beloved wife of 'George Nicholas, and
aunt of John. James and Mike Cain and Mary
Wynn, a native of County Ciaie. Ireland, a;ed
62 years.
65" Friends and acquaintances nr» rasnect-
fu'ly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, :san Bruno road and Army street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will ' be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
NIEDT— In Golden Gat». April 28. 1898, Hazpl,
. beloved daughter of Henry and Mary Niedt,
a native of Golden Gate, aged 4 years and 3
months.
fir Friends and acquaintances 'am resneet-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at' 2 o'clock p. it., from the resi-
dence of the parents, Union street. Stockyards,
Golden Gate. Interment *t. Mary's Cemetery.
O'KKEt'K— A month's mind mass will be cele-
brated for the soul of Mary O'Keete at llo'y
Cross Church, Eddy street, near Scott, SATUR-
DAY, May 2. at 9 o'clock a. m. . Friends are
respectfully Invited to attend.
QUIGLEY— In Pasadena. Cal., April 2a 1896,
Edward, beloved husband of Sadie Quig'ey, and
' son of Edward and Jane Quigley, and brother of
M is* Lizzie Quigley, Mr.;. 8. Vance. Mrs. J.
Murphy, and the late Charles and John Quigley,
a n«tlve of California.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
REID— In tnls city, April 27, 1896. at his rest-
■ dence, 809 a Haves street, John W., : beloved
husband of Maria Reid, a native of Hillsborouich.
County Down, Ireland, aged 60 years 1 month
ana 9 days. A member of Mount Moriah Lodge
No. 44. F. and A. M.. "Verbs Buena Lodge No.
15, I. O. O. P., and Golden Gate Encampment.
' ByFrientJs and- acquaintances are r»SDfet-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
THIS DAY (Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. v.. at
Masonic Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
' streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SOHMOLZ— In this city, April 28, 189«, Bertha
Eiullie, widow of the late Adolph Schmolz,
daughter of Mrs. Marie Fuhrman, and Beloved
root her of Adolph, Henry and Julius Schmolx,
a native of . Germany, aged 51 years 7 months
and 6 days. [Philadelphia papers please copy.]
.OyFrlenrts ana acquaintances an» resect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. v., from her late resi-
dence. 2404 Larkin street.
VOULLIKME— In this city, April 28,1896, Agnes,
beloved dauch'er of Herman and Agnes Volll-
lieme, and sister of Louts and Melanle Voul-
lieme, a native of New York State, aged 20 yean
r 1 month and 15 days.
. Friends and ■ acquaintances - are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
. (Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. h., from the rest-
' derice of her parents. 27 Oak street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
■ » UNITED ■ UNDERTAKERS' l
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone south 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st.
MCAVOY 4 CALLACHER, ~l
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM
tO Vlftb St., Opp. Lincoln School.
'■:■ ■ .-..'.•■.■;.'■'■ Telephone 8080. ■ }\- -\ "■.
Jab. McMKiftMir!™™™ Chas. McM-bnombt"
JAMES McMENOMJKV ' * SON, *
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERg.
1059 Mission Street, Near Sa Tenth. *
Telephone Mo. 8854.
1516
DR. BROWN LAYS
DOWN HIS ARMS
His Resignation Is Ac
cepted by the First
Church.
A HYSTERICAL SESSION.
Mercy Prevailed Over a Dis
position to Expel the
Minister.
BOTH FACTIONS RELIEVED.
It Is Expected That the Late Pastor
Will Transfer His Labors to
lowa.
Charles Oliver Brown, D.D., be who was
unfrocked by the Bay Conference ten days
ago, is no longer a pastor. In fact, he is a
gentleman of leisure and Micawber-like is
waiting for something to turn up. He
tendered Ins resignation last night and it
was unanimously accepted.
This condition of affairs is due to a little
surprise which the reverend gentleman,
through the connivance of his stanch lieu
tenant, Deacon I. H. Morse, sprung at the
business meeting of the First Congrega
tional Church last night. Brown evidently
knew where he stood, for when the matter
of accepting his resignation was voted on
his friends, according to "Moderator"
Morse, came to his rescue by voting down
the proposition, the unfrocked minister
having twenty votes to spare.
It was apparently a well laid and neatly
planned scheme. Brown entered the lec
ture-room seemingly full of confidence,
though his face showed that tbe strain
was more than skin deep. After a song or
two Pastor Brown requested Deacon Morse
to take the chair. This gentleman made a
lew remarks covering Congregationalism
in general.
Then Brown sprung his littJe surprise.
He tendered his resignation. And in a
beautiful tearless tremor which he knows
so well how to introduce pleaded with his
people to accept it. But tbe people were
evidently posted. They wyuld have none
of it. Then Blown, with characteristic
graciousness, told his listeners that a way
had just r.onie to him out of the difficulty.
The Dubuque Association had offered him
• place in the fold and all that he had to
do was to accept it. He stated further
that lie had all along been willing to ac
cede to the wishes of the church, but that
he had felt it to be his duty to stand by
those who had upheld him.
Then Brown told the people that He
would have resigned long ago but for the
fact that the senior deacon, I. H. Morse,
had urged him not to do so. He had
placed himself entirely in the hands of
this gentleman, believing then and now
that whatever he did was prompted by
the purest motives. Then Brown rhapso
dized a good deal, ending with an appar
ently fervent appeal that his resignation
be unanimously accepted.
Whether his talk had the desired effect
or Deacon Morse liad prearranged the
whole sequence of events is of course un
known, but anyway some 200 or 300 people
stood up, thus expressing their willing
ness to accede to the pastor's wish. When
the noes were called one or two of his
earnest lady admirers boldly stood up,
but when they found they were hopelessly
in the minority they flopped into their
seats with eyes brimming over.
Deacon Dexter at this juncture intro
duced a resolution, strongly censuring the
Bay Conference for its unwarranted act in
unfrocking Pastor Brown. Hardly had
the deacon finished reading the lengthy
document when the gentleman most in
terested sprang to his feet and offered a
eubstitute, the effect of which was that the
Bay Conference go over the whole ground
again. The resolution did not say that
the verdict of the conference was unjust,
but rather hasty, and for that reason the
matter should be taken up once more.
Included in this was a statement to the
effect that Brown had no way of making a
livelihood except in the ministry, and that
if he were relieved of the censure he would
have no difficulty in obtaining another
church.
This was a diplomatic, move on the part
of the reverend gentleman, for when Morse
put the motion hardly a score opposed it.
The parson's friends claimed the result
as a big victory, and after the adjourn
ment they gathered around him in great
numbers and mingled their tears with his
emiles. For the pastor smiles at all times,
whether in the agony of defeat or in the
triumph of victory.
Long before the opening hour great
crowds gathered at the Mason-street en
trance. At 7:30 o'clock Sexton Pike
opened the big gate ana a wild rush fol
lowed.
The crowd only got as far as the door,
however, for Brown had his guards on
hand to prevent any but cnurch members
from entering. Deacon Morse had ap
pointed several of his followers to stand
guard at the first and second doors.
Every person was requested to give his
name at the first door and at the
Becond entrance the man stood with the
cburch register containing the names ano
addresses of every member ol the con
eregation.
Last night's struggle practically ended
NEW TO-DAY. : *
■ ■*-=* ■ 9h \ \
W^^mSsSs&BHß wA
Tceath»ht For red, rough, chapped, or dt»-
■ colored hand*, teak them In a itiong, hot "iudi" ■
■ of Ccticuk* SoAr, dry thoroughly, and apply Cr- ■
■ tioiu (ointment ), wsarinf floret durlOE Ine eight ■
■ orm oiti'o * Cain. Co»r „ Sole ?rcp»., ssttoa. |
FAC-SIMILE OF THE REV. DR. C. O. BROWN'S LETTER OF RESIGNATION.
[Reproduced ly "TAe Call" from a photograph of the original document.]
the conflict publicly carried on between
Brown and his floct for four months al
most without intermission. Convicted oy
the ecclesiastical council of conduct unbe
coming a gentleman and a minister; with
his word brought into serious disrepute,
Brown still continued the tight to the very
last ditch— and fell.
Even the action of the Bay Conference
seemed not to have disturbed his moral
equanimity, but with an audacity worthy
of a better cause he defied his brethren to
do their worst.
The end for the First Church has come
at last, so far as Brown is concerned, but
what the future has in store for him is a
matter of deepest concern to his friends,
his family and himself.
DR. BROWN'S FAREWELL.
The Pastor Presents His Reslgna-
tlorr, Which Is Finally
Accepted.
Within the lecture-room an anxious
crowd of church members sat waiting to
see what was to befall their pastor. Not
all the faces were friendly ones; but most
of them were hard to read. Blank ex
pectancy appeared to be the prevailing
expression.
Before the meeting opened the pastor
and his wife, Deacon Morse and Attorney
Nagle s-at speaking in whispers, while near
by was Mrs. Cooper without her daughter,
who had not been allowed to enter, not
being a member of the church.
At half-past seven Dr. Brown took his
place on the platform and announced the
hymn "Sweet Hour of Prayer," which was
sung by the congregation, after which the
psalm, "The Lord is my Shepherd," was
read responsively. The hymn, "Nearer,
my God, to Thee," brought the devotional
exercises to a close.
Dr. Brown then asked Deacon Morse to
take the chair.
The deacon gave a brief outline oi the
difficulties through which tne church had
passed and was rather severe in his refer
ences to the opposition. He assured the
pastor that the best wishes of tne congre
gation would follow him wherever he
mieht go aud under all circumstances.
"I do not wish to be the occasion of any
division in the church," answered Dr.
Brown, "and I am willing to make any
sacrifice rather than be instrumental in
bringing about such a state of things.
Throughout the course of the sad affair
which has tried us so severely I nave
acted under the advice of the senior
deacons and best members of this church.
"Had I been pressed to do so, I would
have resigned at any time. It must not
be imagined that I was altogether without
friends. Happily, an avenue of escape
was always open to me.
"Now, in view of the present feeling
among certain members of this congrega
tion, I present my resignation, with the
request that it be accepted."
Then, in the pathetic tone which he
knows so well how to use, Dr. Brown read
his resignation, which was as follows:
San Francisco, April 29, 1896.
To the First Congregational Church, San Fran
cisco, CaliJ orjna— L>eae Brethren : 1 herewith
tender my resignation as your pastor, and ask
that you will kindly act upon this communi
cation this evening. We have wrougnt to
gether in the bonds of the noblest fellowship
on earth.
For nearly four years I have been your pas
tor. For every act of Christian love "and fidel
ity, for your co-operation in labor for our Lord,
for your sympathy, so abundantly expressed
in hours of deep trial, you have my lasting
gratitude. I shall ever pray God to bless this
dear church with the tokens of his divine
presence and infinite love.
In the bonds of our common faith. Your
pastor, Charles O. Beown.
Some of the women wept aloud, while a
few of the men got out their handker
chiefs.
The pastor's voice shook as he com
menced reading and toward the middle of
the document became husky. Passing his
hand quickly across his eyes, with an evi
dent effort he cleared his throat and read
the resignation through to the end with
out again faltering.
▲mid much confusion the vote was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1896.
taken. It was against the acceptance
of the resignation.
"Jb'riends," called out the pastor in a
clear, incisive tone, "I wish the resigna
tion to be accepted."
Another ballot ana yet another were
cast, and still the desired result was not
not obtained.
"Brethren," said Dr. Brown once more,
"I insist upon the acceptance of my resig
nation."
A last vote was taken and the resigna
tion accepted by a small majority.
Dr. Brown then read the following dis
patch:
Dubuqtie, lowa, April 28, 1896.
Dr. C. 0. Brown, 170S Geary street, San Fran
cisco, Cat.: Dubuque association has unani
mously adopted strong .resolutions protesting
against action of Bay Association and assuring
you of confidence and welcome to its fellow
ship, j. T. Adams.
Deacon Dexter moved that the meeting
go on record as protesting against the
sentence of suspension passed by the Bay
Conference, as illegal and invalid.
Dr. Brown offered an amendment to the
effect that the Bay Conference be asked to
reconsider its verdict.
When the final vote was taken, which
resulted in the congregation, by a voice of
3to 1, asking the Bay Conference to re
verse its action, the anti-Brown members
left the room.
Then the 3cene which followed was re
markable. Dr. Brown, raising his hand,
said:
"This is perhaps the last time that I
will address you from this platform.
"The time has come for me to ciose, and
I want to say now that I entertain for all
of you a sincere feeling of Christian love
and charity. Whatever I may have said
to cause pain I now sincerely ask for for
giveness.
"Now one more word. As you love me
let me ask you to loyally sustain this
church. Let none of the scenes or feel
ings of the past cause you to waver in
your earnest and loyal support of the
church.
"I wish I could mention yon all by
name — you who have stood by me in my
hours of trial and suffering. I cannot
close without referring to the constant
and unfailing Christian support I have re
ceived from Deacon Morse. Indeed, he
has been to me a Brother Jonathan."
Here Dr. Brown faltered in speech and
took hold of a chair for support. With
language broken by sobs he asked the Rev.
Mr. Wiliey to lead in prayer. "Will you
pray, Brother Wiliey?" he said. By this
time half the congregation was in tears.
Mr. Willey prayed for divine consola
tion for the church, the pastor and the
wife of the pastor.
Dr. Brown recovered his composure
while Deacon Willey was engaged in
prayer, and at the close of the petition the
pastor said :
"I wanted to mention Mr. Nagle, Deacon
Morse and Deacon Dexter, and personally
and to you, my friends, express to them
ray thanks for their kindness and 10v6."
In closing the pastor again enjoined all
of his supporters to stand with ever
increasing loyalty in behalf of the church.
By this time some of the most ardent
champions of the pastor crowded forward
to the platform, ana for nearly an hour a
levee of handshaking ensued.
Many of those who clasped the hand of
the doctor said their relations with the
church were terminated, but to every one
expressing that sentiment the pastor ad
ministered gentle reproof, advising each
to entertain no such thought or feeling.
Later in the evening Dr. Brown talked
to a reporter of The Call. He did not de
sire that the events of the evening should
be spoken of as a vindication. He had not
sought to be vindicated.
"I tendered my resignation and it has
been accepted at my earnest request."
"Will you preach again in this church?"
"I shall probably preach next Sunday
evening."
"Are you going away from San Fran
cisco?"
"Now, let me explain here," said Dr.
Brown. "I have not said to any one that
I am going away from this City, ana no
one has authority to make that statement
as coming from me. I have received as
surances that I could take with me 200
members of the congregation to an inde
pendent church, but I have not enter
tained that proposition, nor have I sought
to recruit members for another congrega
tion.
"To-day I received a dispatch from the
lowa Conference tendering me assurances
of support. That conference is much
larger and stronger than the Bay Con
ference. Here is the message. You may
take a copy of it."
The doctor was still shifting from one
band to another the important dispatch
from Dubuque which he had read during
the meeting.
Dr. Brown expressed his appreciation of
this evidence of support from the lowa
association, but again gave emphasis to
the declaration that he had not announced
an intention to leave this particular held
of labor.
The out-and-out supporters of Dr. Brown
were very indignant at the display of un
christian spirit, which they say was mani
fested by the enemies of the pastor in not
remaining for prayers. When the vote
was announced asking the Bay Conference
to reverse its action and withdraw the
censure the opponents of the pastor with
drew.
A delegation of Grand Army comrades
gathered about the pastor after the meet
ing and cave promise of support should
he decide to open another Gospel estab
lishment In San Francisco.
Some indignation was expressed at the
conduct of an individual who threw a
brickbat through one of the windows of
the lecture-room.
For a while much nervousness was appar
ent among the ladies of the congregation,
one of whom shrieked, "They're pointing
a pistol through the hole!"
Quiet was restored, and the pastor re
sumed his address. All efforts to find out
the author of the foolish trick were un
availing.
Purdie Raised a Row.
George W. Purdie was arrested outside
the church while the meeting was debat
inc on Dr. rrown. j Purdie wanted to enter
the church and Policemen Douglass and
Wilson thought he used language too
strong for the company. He was charged
with using vulgar language and obstruct
ing the street. .
; -, ■ ' ' ♦ ' ■» ■
SUPPORT DR. BROWN.
Dubuque Consrreorationallsts Disap
prove of His Suspension.
[By the United Press. J
DUBUQUE, lowa, April 29.— The Du
buque Association of Congregational
Churches and Ministers has adopted reso
lutions disapproving the suspension of
Dr. Brown of San Francisco by the Bay
Conference, commending his record and
inviting him back to Dubuque.
TUCSON SENSATION.
C. E. JBggleson and Bride Arrested and
Jailed for Bigamy.
TUCSON, Ariz., April 29.— A sensation
was created to-day by the arrest and com
mitment of C. E. Eggleson and bride on a
charge of bigamy. They wore married last
week. The woman's first husband. Turner, |
who arrived from the East to-day, was tne
complainant. Eggleson is said to be the
son of a Chicago millionaire. Hi< lavish
expenditure of money earned for him the
sobriquet of "Champagne Charley." They
were held in $1000 bonds each to the Grand
Jury.
• — ♦ — •
PLACERVILLE'S GUESTS.
Large Audience* Addressed by Woman* •
Suffrage Advocates.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., April 29.— Misses
Shaw, Yat«s and Mills are holding
woman's suffrage meetings here and are
drawing large audiences. The visitors
wear a neat decoration consisting of a
small lapel fla« of red, white and blue
with three stars denoting Wyoming, Utah
and Colorado, suffrage States, and the
delicate shadow of a star in the back
ground, representing California's expected
stellar light. Miss Mills left for Auburn
to-day.
J._ _ ■ ■ _ _ _ „ „ ''_ „ ' _ - NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
? SUN-KISSED 1
Q Meadows in May will be no brighter than the new COTTON DRESS STUFFS O
A that have just been sent us from their producers. Would you know all Summer ¥s
A Dress Goods you must keep in touch with Hales. It's impossible to show all the X
X . attractions at once. Each day has its own interest. Each day other novelties X
X are added. For country or seaside, morn or evening, the greatest variety in the 9
\r history of Summer Dress Stuffs is here. O
I New Wash Goods Just Arrived! i
X OF COURSE YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT THE WAY WE MADE OUR BUYERS HUSTLE TO GET THESE X
V LINES HERE FIRST. ALL YOU WANT TO KNOW IS THAT WE HAVE THE NEWEST LOT OF WASH Q
Q DRESS OOODS IN TOWN. JUST STROLL INTO OUR NEW ANNEX AND TAKE A LOOK. IT IS THB FIRST ■ O
I . COUNTER TO THE LEFT. GRADUATION DRESSES. PARTY DRESSES. COAST DRESSES, CARNIVAL I
V DRESSES. OUTING DRESSES-SWELLEST SrUFFS FOR ANY SUITS-AND THE BEST ASSORTMENT AT Q
$ LOWEST PRICES. X
Q DRAP BARONNE— Came in yetterday afternoon, a lawn B ATISTEE BRODEE-This also fame venterrlav It L * A
V with wide satin stripes In various clusters, which makes a ■ • ecu'iar fahri" and certain! v T nnvTift, J ? tu^uJ* o L™ V
5" novv wnue tne line is most complete. Price IK affords such novelties as these. Price Yard X
Jj now wniietne line is most complete. Price Yard • affords such novelties as these. Price Yard X
JL SHIRT WAIST MATERIAL— Another new-comer, 100 pat- — ~ V
Q terns in dots, stripes, Dresdens, flowers and clouds, light, nnTTPn "iwrsspi) fob rßinniTinv a v. r\
T medium and daric, some patterns to imitate dimities or- DOllfcD SWISSES FOR GRADUATION -Perhaps you, are O
O iiKe iron. ±-rice Yard with black dots. All kinds at all prices from 10c to Yard Q
O '— *-^*^~i*:«5«?-« . A
9 VEILINQ^~NECKWEAR— ORNAMENTS! ?
'X' - ' - NOVELTY LINES IN FANCY GOODS AT PRICES FULL OF POCKET SUNSHINE. NO nATTER WHAT A
V THE WEATHER BE OUR NOTION COUNTERS ARE ALWAYS BUSY. T
Vr FANCY MESH VEILING— The very latest effects, 18 i LATEST SPRIVB NOVELTrFM tv vprrwfjn o—.- V*
A • wSfwMkdl h Our W prlce eCrU<lot - PlainblaClC "■ "" 1 v * " JO" yokes from 51 to $1 75: kilkruchlng. extra "t&^n.so 9
Q with black dot. uur price Yard $2 50 a yard ; s;ismonda trimmings of ribbon and ecru «S> £ A
j' . . ; — — — — — lace from 35c to Yard V'
(J) JEWEL ORNAMENTS-A fuU assortment of rhlnestones, ffl» Q. 7 5 MILLINERY TRTMMINGS-Jet aigrettes tipped with rose- rcC 0
A etc., for hat trimmings. Our millinery department is re-^PO buds, violets, llly-of-the-valleys. etc., from 35c t0... . id X
\J ceivlng dally additions. Prices from 25c t0...... Each I I. .......\ E»^h O
V ■^>j^.<Bstf^. — P
W SPECIALS! «#J I
<J DUCK SUITS- TO-DAY ONLY we ' ' GENTS' UNLAUNDERED I PRINTED INDIA SILKS, our en- 6
I will sell Duck Suits, blazer effect, o SHIRTS, made of heavy muslin, tire line of Printed India Silks, X
Q ripple back, trimmed with small 1 .95 re-enforced front and shoulders, light and dark colors, floral de- O
T steel buttons, very full skirts. A . four-ply linen bosoms; the y fit, QfTC signs and fancy stripes, full '24 V? -X~
Q Until to-night very special price. Each they wear and are worth 50c or •DO inches wiae; the regular $1 a QRO Q
X '/*'•'■ • to any one. Special price... Each yard grade. Special price until OO V
O '■ T • • , sold Yard /\
I 50 LADIES' CAPES military ef- LADIES' FRENCH C. P. COR- . . V
O *ect, all-wool mixtures. 20 inches w ET made of heavy cou til and SHELF PAPER, royal lace edge, A
X long, 3 large pearl buttons, tan Q. 75 boned with real whalebone, long colors blue, white, yellow, pink V/
iS only • regular 85 Special to-dav«iDO waist, embroidery trimmed top, m»"l .25 and red, comes in rolls 10 yards AQ X
V and to-morrow . Each all sizes, regular $3 quality. «JP-l long and 12 inches wide. Special t: \J
JL " ' •■■••• •••■ Special price fair price...... 801 l X
A „. «r r, ~t,«^ «rroTTHT -^ TWILL SUITINGS, a very special WHITE ORIENTAL AND BUT- V
O UNBLEACHED MUSLIN, a yard line, all wool, very heavy, 37 TER-COLORED POINT DE O
VV and a half wide, tine quality, no QC inches wide, in all popular OF^C VENISE LACES, from 10 to 15 OK.C X
jr dressing, the regular 12y 2 c grade. O shades: worth 50c. Special price £O inches wide; good value at 50c £*J Tg
g% Special price.. Yard every day this week. Yard and 75c yard. Special price Yard £%
Jf% ~ WRAPPER FLANNELS, 27 inches WHITE CHECKED NAINSOOK J%.
yu' GLASS TOWELING, 24 inches wide, IAC wide, figured and stripe pique QIC AND CORDED LAWN, for CO %#
jfV extra fine grade, good absorbent; X\J ■ cord, fleece back: the 12i^c qual- O3 - summer garments; value BV3C. v JfK.
\9 v| regular 15c kind. Special price. Yard ity. ■ Special price Yard Special price Yard %w
<^ — VISIT OUR CLOAKROOM IN OUR NEW ANNEX. O
I HALE BROS., Inc., I
I 937 to 945 MARKET STREET. X
cut rate GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR.
GROCERS. • • . - ■ '
Good Butter, per roll '.. 20c ■'_^ __ ' r-i _ .. _^^ __ ___
Beat Stockton Flour, per 5ack....... 90c I"H I k | I I^J I 1 r"% H^ I /V
Fine Family Hour, p.-r sack.... 85c V., 9 Mmmd \ ml \m^ A MmmS J. 1. " v \ _j|f ft i
10-lb BaK Oatmeal 25c : •-- .
10-ib Bag Rolled Oata 25c u^m^C^TV •T'TTTrv.G>=£-
-10-Ib Bag Kolled Wheat 25c ~==*S*~**JJt ± XIUj-^s-
-10-lb Bag Graham Flour... 25c --^ _-^ .. __ —^ __ _-^ ■ __— .-—--• « " w *-m a ' w , _. 1
iirH™^=EEs GRAND SPECIAL SALE!
20 lbs White Beans '.6c "-'•• *<■ '■ ' . i •■#««•» ;- « V «tt,
3 Cans Sliced Peaches 25c Rpct OT All the BarPTHfIS ' lil^^
HIGH onADE TEAS, regular price 60c per lb. DCM Ul /^II LIIC pallid t^f**^
ourprice 45cperpoutia .,,, r* o « -t •
— Will Be Sold in
ROBINSON & KNQX, ™ R el « y .
1 928 and 1 930 Market St. X X
900-906 Valencia St., Corner 20th. X X n O\^
*75 FOR 4 ROOMS >«^^o '^^^^t^ o^^
*¥* %J CONSISTING OF C\ \j^ V KZ^Z^^^ X X
PARLQR,BECROOM L KITCHEN v -\S Zf*^^^^ 5C X
EASY PAYMENTS. To R<a Crfcl*^ di"
Tapestry Brussels, per yard.... ..;... 5O Cents O. ' '^^^^ DC 3OIQ 3.1
Oil Cloth, per yard •• '£5 Cents V _f^&*^
Matting, per yard..... ............. .....1O CenU ' IZC\C f\t\ +\\C± Wt~\\ 1 *o
Solid Oak Bed Suit. 7 pieces ............ «S>s OO O^^ LUC 1v0113.r
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror IS OO ' CONSISTING OF
T. BRILLIANT, *-'-,'
•"SBS?* m m GOODS, ' m " ' TOILET mm
: 07 Free Packing and Delivery across the Bar.
Vltmmn HftMP ISniIWRV St oner y' Pans, Albums, Purses, Bags,
PATR °r?I Z II STR¥ ' Soaps ' Perfumer Platedware, Clocks,
MIIIiFIPTHBFR ' Jewelry, Watches, Handkerchiefs, Hosiery,
.™ WJZ!!!!!r.L n .... Qloves ' Housefurnishing Goods,
baSRSS": .:::::. -ill '"!? Men's Furnishings, Hats, Trunks, Valises,
< «.T.. 5 « ..L.....: . : xo «., Dolls, Baby Carriages, Vases, Flower Pots, Etc. 1
Plow ** 2.35 " , ■' ' . " '
German Hammered •• ••••.., 3. 75 base ■ '■ — ~
Pick " 4.00 " Mil 'r J± Mil | I ■■■188 _ |_■ 1 _ 1,.- _, „_ hi-
Machinery •' ::::::::: 2.0» ■■ 3D^A_^7^lS BROS.,
Spring » ......... "2.50 « JL^^CtSL. \/^ JLIS^ XZS JITW V-J 1 SS - »
Cold Kolled •• 3.35, " . ..-T,
Finished Shafting:...'.. 3.25 •• p— . ■« /^> 1% #T l ■ y-^ i ■
Terms .—Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer. , /1 >< |\/l CI V»l/Af V+rD DT
judson M'F'G. CO. /1 0 ivictrKet oxreuc.
SAN FRANCISCO. - . ..,...- , .. : ,■ .... ...... j . ... . -.. >, r
cosMopoxiiTAN. if |j|^% l DR PIERRE'S
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth at., Man W,W MKS IV BBbP* H^ $03 Will I '■"•" V
Iran Cisco, ; Cal.— The most select family hotel la Invitations Antiminroirf.nt. r>"««^= • ■'._,•*••• --. -\. • — ■ _.■'_■ _,'_-
theclty. Board and room. ?1, $1 25 and n5O per and Printed Comct?tv?i i^Tr f ies: -'o? ngraved ■ ,V^« V-' 1 ' I; £11 £f)TniA
day, according to room. ileai»T2sc Kooma. 50a and directions for correct fo^T « 5?" Ms s™P les Ii^i^ ELECT HB I.
•nd'7so a day. free coach to and from the hoteU mailed P o"?paid^ toAo^ctnts ™stamr Vl «*r&£« -ifc-iWIIIIIU
. — IPliiitoPF deli
IS THE BEST.
IVPI TI? A I YII A • * <&£ ■' Wp Have Them *
I^L*\J IVr\l-«VJIr\, «^ From $5 to $25,
——————— — —^ AjoStteAiJll v And Guarantee
SORE THROAT, i§§i $1 5 BELT
v : . SORE EYES, i||pr S3BRIS
1^ .*- rf -» *-^*>^» -^?r^EpT«V trie Belt lntho
SPRAINS AND BRUISES v aJSL* Improvements.
■.-;•■■-■• . •.--..■.■:.,- .-.••■■-• v - )iQ3|S\w^j>^ as* Call or write for
nillPl^l V RFLIEVFD AND CURED BY »w>S££?<£>i^Pt'}o*i Frce"PiimnhlPtXn. -•"
*^»un_/r\Li nCLItVCU AINU KsUttCU dt ParT-?** -^ ; 7 1^V'j^?»^^B Buy no licit till you sos
■mm •ufYss-v ■ « »~^ w *^ • j^» »* a > w /\mi >~v ik. t fe^Tt^t-^iiiVil— -<TOI ?'l*r. Pierces." Address
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION. !iH? r,"™^*,*;
-.;., ... ■ .•■•■ . •, .-. .: . ■■.-._.■- ~*t>t><y« r^?St*y,A;X . 704 Sacramento St.
Zt^evtr Falls to Relieve. Can't Hurt a Child. Costs 35 Cents to Try It, \- ■<!&'£ *?*■•' cor Kearny). 2d, 3d
. :, /,! Any Druggist Will Get It for Xou. Study th* Directions. *S*^ ' BAN^PBAKCII'oa