VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 17.
GOULD HID THE JUNTA WIN
The Stockton Han Elected
to Preside Over the
Convention.
BUCKLEY'S WARRIORS ROUTED
Stormy Collisions Between Rival
Factions of the San Fran=
cisco Democrats.
" REGULARS" BREAK INTO THE HALL.
Wild Rush of the Blind Boss' Force for Seats.
The Country Against the
Thk Call's Headquarters,)
614 X street, V
Sacramento, Cal., June 16.)
Out of a threatening cloud the sunrise
of peace shone clearly this afternoon,
when Frank H. Gould was chosen tempo
rary chairman of the Democratic State
Convention.
There were a ereat many sensational
Teports of what desperate things the "reg
ulars" or Buckleyites from San Fran
cisco intended to do in order to maintain
their seats in the convention, but the en
tire trouble was cleared up when Andy
CJunie, holding a' proxy from Solano
County in one hand and a palm leaf fan in
another, stood in his shirtsleeves and sec
onded the motion to make Mr. Gould's
election unanimous.
When Mr. Clunie said this he tried to
smile, but the attempt was not a success.
He explained that he did so because of a
cruel remark that one speaker had uttered
intimating that the so-called "regulars,"
of which he had the honor of being a
member, had at some time attempted to
destroy the harmony of the Democratic
party c? California. Party harmony, Mr.
Clunie explained, was dear to the hearts
of all good Democrats, like himself, and
for that reason he would favor the motion
to unanimously call Mr. Gould to the
chair.
This announcement was greeted with
laughter and some slight manifestations
of derision, but the effect was satisfactory
to the convention, and Mr. Gould was de
clared elected.
Nobody seemed to know what Clunie
expected to gain, but there was a general
belief taat he had something up his sleeve
in the shape of a promise for some kind of
a recognition for the an ti- Junta delega
tion when the final rollcall comes to be
made up.
After the convention was called to or
der by J. C. Ruddock, who performed that
duty at the request of tne State Central
Committee because Mr. Gould felt that it
would not be the proper thing for him to
preside where his own candidacy was to
be passed on, the current of events was
so swiH that . the expectant politicians
held their breaths in the excitement of the
contest which at last was at hand. That
the contest proved so one-sided was a sur
prise as much to the Junta men a? to the
"regulars," for from, the preliminary'
skirmish the expression of sentiment ap
peared to be almost as strong for one as
for the others.
This was only apparent, however, and
related solely to the shouting and stamp
ing of enthusiastic adherents on the edge
of the lobby, rather than the delegates
who had votes to cast.
There was an attempt to have both of
the contesting delegations excluded from
the rollcall until after the preliminary or
ganization, bat this was not entertained
by the chair. An appeal being taken the
chair was overwhelmingly sustained.
nMr. Gould was nominated for the ter
Sweltering at Sacramento, Some of the Leaders of the State Democracy Persist in Being Energetic.
[Sketched by a "Call" artiH.]
The San Francisco Call.
" Push."
porary chairmanship and this was fol
[ lowed by the nomination of Senator Bart
j Burke of Santa Cruz. Judge W. A. Ryan
was also named, but declined in favor of
; Burke.
When the vote of Santa Cruz County
j was called for, Mr. Burke arose in his
■ place and cast the entire vote for Mr.
; Gould, at the same time withdrawing his
! own name and asking that Mr. Gould's
j choice be declared unanimous.
This motion was carried with a rush, no
• delegate from San Francisco voting, and
j the "regular," or so-called Buckley wing
j of the Democratic party, felt the fact im
; pressed on them that the country dele
! gates had decided against them in a man
i ncr not to be mistaken. The Junta was
; triumphant, not an obstacle existing to
i impede the carrying out of the Gould-Mc
! Nab programme, whatever that may imply.
HOW IT WAS DONE.
Riotous Outbreaks Durlngrthe Con- ■
vention Deliberations.
SACRAMENTO, Cau, June 16.— When :
J. €. Knddock rose and sounded with his :
gavel his selection for the duty of calling \
the convention to order it was a surprise to j
nearly everybody in the hall, as it was
supposed that Gould, as chairman of the
State Central Committee, would perform
the function.
"Gentlemen of the convention," said \
Mr. Ruddock, "the time has arrived for ;
the calling of this convention to order, j
As a member of the State Central Com- |
mittee I now perform that duty. Nomina
tions for chairman are the first thing in
order. All those who are not accredited j
members of the convention will please
leave the floor."
"Mr. Chairman," shouted \V. M. Gib
son of Los Angeles, who had been selected
to make the motion to keep the Junta del- j
egation off the temporary roll.
"Mr. Gibson," said the chair, in recogni- j
tion.
Gibson— l wish to make a motion.
Down came the gavel.
"Nominations for temporary chairman j
is the only thing in order," declared the I
chairman, who knew what was coming. \
From that moment Ruddock cracked the j
programme through with decisive vigor,
though with dignity.
"Mr. Chairman." said F. P. Nichol of
Stockton, with a nomination of Gould
upon his tongue. ' .
Gibson was ready for almost any fray
and he persisted. "Mr. Chairman, I in
sist that I have the floor," he shouted.
"You are out of order, Mr. G)bson,"
answered the chairman with a whack of
the gavel.
"Not on your life," and "No, no," came
from the center, where the Buckley ites,
the Santa Clara people and others of the
opposition were concentrated.
"Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman," cried
Gibson, with his eyes aflame through his
gold eyeglasses.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1896-TWENTY PAGES.
"Mr. Gibson, please take your seat.
There is only one thing in order and that
is the nomination of a temporary chair
man," roared the chairman.
••I'll not take my seat," shouted Gibson
defiantly.
The chair— Will the sergeant-at-arms
please attend to Mr. Gibson?
"I would like to see any sergeant-at
arms try to put me out," said Gibson, and
his two hundred or more friends at his side
cheered him, and shouted, "We'd like to
see him put out."
Then for a moment did it seem that the
fierce closing in with the roar of war, that
people half expected, was about to break.
There was a threatenine uneasiness, and
people said, "Now it comes." It might
have come in a second if any pitching out
of Gibson bad been attempted, and it
might have come if Gibson had stuck to
his claim to the floor, with his friends at
his back, not looking for trouble, but ready
for it.
But the big, bewhiskered sereeant-at
arms came and spoke mildly to Mr. Gib
son, and at the same moment it was seen
that the time for Gibson's motion was just
after the nominations were made, Dr.
Stanton giving Gibson that tip. So Gib
son withdrew temporarily in favor of the
waiting Mr. Nichol, who at last got a
chance for his speech. Mr. Nlchol's words
in nomination of Frank Gould were as fol
lows:
That man who is desirous of presiding over
this convention seeks an honor that is proud
Indeed and that man who comes before a Dem
ocratic convention seeking snch an honor
gives himself a character to commend him
self to gentlemen, no matter where they come
from. Such a mau should have within himself
agreeableness without hypocrisy and purity
of motive^as bright as God's sunshine.
Puch a man I have the honor to present to
this convention for the office of temporary
chairman— a man with whom the issues of
Democracy shall rest in the campaign. He is a
man who, as speaker of the Assembly, has won
the plaudits of men and women. As chair
man ol the State Central Committee during
the last campaign, he ably directed the work
which resulted in the election of a Democratic
Governor.
I present to the consideration of this con
vention for the office of temporary chairman
the name of Frank H. Gould of Stockton.
The chairman inquired if there were
further nominations, and C. M. Cassin of
Santa Cruz rose and secured recognition
amid the applause of the center, where it
was known that he was to nominate
Senator Bart Burke of Santa Cruz in op
position to Gould. His nominating speech
was as follows:
Delegates ol this convention: I appear here
for a two-lold purpose, first in the interest, as I
believe, of the Democratic party of the State
of California, and second in the interest of
fair play. (Applause].
It is my opinion at this time that we should
be very careful and very cautious in passing
upon the proposition that now confronts us.
It may, perhaps, mean the electoral vote of
the State of California and may mean a Demo
cratic President for the people of the United
States under a platform of free silver. [Ap
plause.]
There is something more in Issue here to-day
than the personal interests of any man or men
who may aspire to be chairman of this con
vention. The facts simply are that there arc
two sets of delegates from the City and County
of tan Francisco, each of wht«h consists ol K>l
delegates, and each claiming the right to
seats in this convention and the proceedings
herein. Now, I want to ask the members of
this convention, and I want to ask the mem
bers which form the delegation from the State
of California outside of the City of Ssn Fran
cisco, are you going to say those 161 Demo
crats shall be thrown out of this organization
without giving them a hearing? [Cries of
"Never."]
That is what I want to know. I believe that
the most miserable criminul that was ever
summoned before the bar of public justice is
entitled to a fair trial ana to an honest de cisir>n.
I don't believe that any man has ever attained
that degree of virtue that he should be allowed
to preside ove 1 and decide his own case. ["Good
boy," from the center.]
I have the name of a Democrat; I have the
name of a gentleman: I have the name of a
patriot to present to this convention, who holds
and believes the principles and doctrines
which I have attempted to enunciate. I refer
to that sterling, honorable, straighttorward.
manly man, Bart Burke of Santa Cruz. [Cheers. J
I want to say to you that if Bart Burke Is
elected chairman ot your convention he
knows no contesting delegates; that he will
appoint v fair committee on credentials, and
those two sets of delegates will have a fair and
impartial hearing; that truth and the sun
shine of justice shall shine upon this conven
tion, and wil let this convention seat which
ever ones are entitled to seats in the conven
tion. We need the electoral vote of the State
of California, my friends, and we cannot afford
to send out either of these sets ot delegates
without treating them deceutly and courte
ously.
1 hope, sentlemen of the convention, as Dem
ocrats, as lovers of justice, as lovers of fair
play, that you will elect a man who is impar
tial and who will select a committee on cre
dentials who will meet with the commenda
tion of all fair-minded men, and any set of
delegates who have right on their side need
not be afraid to go to trial before such a court.
I thank you.
"Mr. Chairman," cried Gibson. Perhaps
Mr. Ruddock had thought out the plan of
letting a little pent-up steam work out
th rough safety valves, to avoid an explo
sion, but at any rate he said, "Mr. Gib
son," and Mr. Gibson took the platform to
say:
"Prior to any vote being taken upon the
proposition of who shall be chairman of
this convention, I desire to make a mo
tion in the interests of common decency,
in the interest of justice, in the interest of
right, in the interest of everything that
seems to me to be proper, and that is that
in this convention those contesting dele
gates from the City and County of San
Francisco shall neither of them take part
in the preliminary organization."
The chair— l shall have to rule that
nothing is in order except the nomination
for temporary chairman.
A storm of hisses came from the center
and General George W. Merrili *f Pomona
was recognized. He gave W. A. Ryan of
Los Angeles the complimentary nomina
tion decided upon in the following speech:
If I had thought, gentlemen of the conven
tion, that I would have been called upon to
expose myself upon this platform so publicly
before you I should probably have been with
out the temerity to offer the gentleman'sname
I am going to propose to you. I have discovered
that there is trouble upon the waters, and it
oecurrec to me while silting there with my
delegation from the sunny south that
perhaps if we would let the sunshine
of our beautiful country fall in upon
this great congregation that it might possibly
smooth them, that we could bring harmony,
and that you would all unite upon this one
man 1 am about to present to you, for we know
he is a gentleman whose training warrants me
in saying that he will hold the scales of justice
evenly and fairly. He is well known to us,
and we know that if you place him in nomina
tion and should elect him as permanent chair
man you will have no cause to complain; that
we shall feel proud of his name having been
honored by such a convention, and that we
feel that it will give us power to overthrow
that party which is nominating its leaders to
day at St. Louis.
I will not attempt to detain you, but will
simply ask you to vote for Judge \V. A. Ryan
ot Los Angeles County. [Aoplause.]
As Merrill ceased the redoubtable and
eloquent Colonel John T. O'Byrne, late of
the Buckley .delegation and then of Mono
by proxy, gained recognition and mounted
the platform, cheered by the Bnckleyites.
"What county do you represent?" asked
the chairman.
"Mono, sir," replied the Colonel, with a
Chesterneldian bow, amid laughter.
O'Byrne seconded the nomination of
Burke, and roasted the Junta in the fol
lowing fashion:
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the conven
tion: I am here for the purpose of seconding
the nomination of Mr. Burke of Santa Cruz
[applause], and in the perlormance of that
duty I will ask you to give me a few minutes'
hearing. It is not to be denied that Mr. Gould,
to whom I have no personal antipathy, is
pledged to place upon the floor of this conven
tion a contesting delegation from San Fran
cisco. 1 ask the country members of this con
vention and I ask the members who have no
personal interests to forward, who have no
axes to grind, to think of the position
that you will place the Democratic
party of San Francisco in if you
admit 161 delegates, who represent about
one-fourth of the Democratic constituency of
San Francisco [Applause[. I say it, well know
ing the responsibility of the assertion, that
they do not represent or '.-fourth oi the Demo
cracy of San Francisco. Most of the men, or at
least very many o! them, make up what
is called the Junta doctrinaires— speculative
politicians. If you corner one of them he will
be obliged to ask his neighbor: "In the name
of heaven what precinct and what ward do I
live in?" [Laughter.]
In my reading, I recollect that a very cele
brated French woman, Mine. Roland, when
going to the Fcaffold in the tumbril said, "O,
liberty, what crimes are' committed in thy
ndme," unrt so 1 say to-day to those who have
manipulated, managed and prepared the order
of this convention, that they are about to |
ptrpetrate crimes against Democracy in the
name of Democracy itself.
But let the-- people not aream that they
will not suffer. There is a law of compensa
tion permeating the moral as well as the ma
terial and physical world, which always visits
sorrow upon sin, and in the er.d overtakes the
wrongdoer, and if Mr. Gould and his cabinet,
will do tnis great wrong for the purpose of ad
vancing any particular views he may have in
placing any particular set of people on top, the |
day will come when the strong hand of com
pensation will sieze him and strike him down
politically for his crimes against the public.
I well know that no motion can be enter
tained by my friend, the present chairman,
but I appeal to you, the honest, reputable gen
tlemen, and yeoman of the State of California,
not to permit a wrong to be done in this con
vention while acting in the name of liberty.
The men 1 see before me— the 161 men who
represent the regular Democracy of San Fran
cisco—have been regularly elected; they are
the regular successors of the party previously
in power, and I asu you, gentlemen, to think,
to reflect well what you are doing it you will
vote for Mr. Gould
It is against every canon of fair play, against
everything that is dear to the heart of the
manly man, to permit the ltil men to vote for
the judge who is to pack the jury— l withdraw
pack— who will draw the jury to pass upon the
merits of the very men who give him the
power to draw the jury and to sit in judgment.
I ask any man is that fair? Is it fair that
tnese 161 men should vote for the nomination
of Mr. Gould! [Cries, "Yes," "No."J
If the gentleman will oblige by indicating
who it was said it was fair I will answer him
in his own fashion. A man who will protest
in the face of this great convention of this
great State that such trickery is fair wants the
very foundation of manliness and of courage.
I know, gentlemen, that some of you may
criticize me for my action, but 1 am not bound
up to any party or to any wing of any party.
[Cries of "Hoc-hoo-oh-ah!"]
Those who say hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo arc fools
and geese. I daie one of these persons to stand
up and say I ever received a political or per
sonal favor from those wi.o rule the regular
Democracy of San Francisco. I am a free and
independent gentleman and ask no favors
from any one; but I have been acting
with the Democratic party, fighting
with the Democratic party (and I have
never turned my back on friend or
foe) for a greater number of years than three
fourths of you men have. I am entitled to
speak und to talk to you in the interest of
fair play, and I say to you not to let your
feelings dominate, but to ri.se up in the
grandeur of your political intellect and say :
"I will not vote for n man pledged to dis
criminate againht such a large, gallant and
able body of Democrats as the 161 men I see
before me."
Gibson of Stockton and Ryan of Los
Angeles shouted for recognition, but
James V. Coleman of the Junta delega
tion, from his seat behind the chairman,
caught the latter's ear and recognition
and proceeded to second the nomination
of Gould. He said:
Mr. Chairman and brother delegates: I
think it is the privilege and the right of any
member on this floor as a Democrat and as a
man to claim as much integrity of purpose
and as much honesty as any other member
has the right to claim. If there are eny on
this floor who have not that right, naturally
they should not be here, and it would De a
great disaster to the party to have them vote
here.
I claim that every man who is on this floor
is prlma facie entitled to the reputation of
honesty and of political Integrity until some
process of procedure shall prove him lacking
therein. From that standpoint, therefore, and
speaking from my Individuality, I challenge
JOHN MARKLEY, SECRETARY OF THE DEMOCRATIC STATE COMMITTEE.
my friend Colonel O'Byrne upon his own
statement; I challenge his right to even sus
pect or suspicion the integrity of any man or
body of men on this floor until they are proved
unworthy of his respect.
It will not be forgotten that at one time not
very long ago the State Central Committee,
which was the head center representative of
the whole party of the State, passed on the
very question that we are about practically to
i>ass upon to-day. We therefore technically
claim as Democrats, and have a right to tech
nically claim our rights in the premises.
The final vote must sooner or later be taken,
and that vote will be given after intelligent
comprehension by the whole convention at
large, country members and c;ty members as
welL And I think those who are standing
with me on this particular platform to-day,
when that final vote comes as to whether one
particular delegation or the other shall have a
right to be seated, that then neither one of
tho.se delegations should vote upon the ques
tion.
But upon the preliminary question, where
we have our initial right to seats here, we
claim as Democrats and just men that until
the question of our own status comes up we
have the right to vote upon the necessary pre
liminary question. The final vote must be
taken sooner or later. You are the arDiters
after all. Why do you object to our standing
upon our technical rights in the premises?
What purpose is served by your objecting to
us? What do you gain by objecting to it ? We
think it is our right to claim it. You finally
will be the arbiter.
Now, as to Mr. Gould's personality itself, the
remarks I have iust maae were preliminary.
As far an Democracy is concerned, as
far as fairness is concerned, as far as
justice is concerned, as tar as impartiality is
concerned, there is no Democrat in the breadth
Senator Bart Burke, the Candidate of the Opposition for Chairman Who Was Beaten by the
Gould Forces,
! and length of California superior to our friend
Mr. Gould. [Cheers and hisses.] We claim
furthermore that there is no Democrat in the
broad State of California whose services to the
party have been so
"I rise to a point of order," said a rear
delegate. "What county does Mr. Coleman
represent?"
Coleman — San Francisco.
"My point of order is that Mr. Coleman
has no right to speak on this question as
"a m-mber of a contesting delegation."
The Chair — The point of order is not
well taken, as Mr. Coleman's name is on
I the list of delegates.
Mr. Coleman— l claim that the record of
j Mr. Gould ever since he entered politics
!in this State is worthy the emulation
of every Democrat. I claim it is not
necessary lor me to recite to you his
services to the party. When it was his duty to
j pass upon the questions n fleeting the rail
| road inten sts he WAS always the friend
!of the people. When it became neces
i sary for him to m.ssess— for Him to act
jas the chairman of the body that re
j assessed the railroad and saved to State SJSI,
--; 000,000- he was true to his trust, and should
: be rewarded by the party of his State. 1 pre
i sent his name in the sincere hope that you will
] flnnlly adopt his personality as temporary
| chairman.
Ryan of Los Angeles followed and with
drew in favor of Burke, leaving the latter
a clear field with the opposition. His ad
dress was as follows:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Con
vention: It is hot— it is red hot— and no cool
decision was ever made with the thermometer
at 150 des. as it is to-day. And it depends
upon you whether the temperature is reduced
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
or the caloric increased for a short time.
[Laughter.] My name has been used without
ray consent or knowledge in connection with
the chairmanship of this convention. With
out my knowledge or consent mv enthusiastic
friends from the citrus belt, where booms
grow perenially mid political move
ments are spontaneous, have insisted all
along, even to the present moment, upon my
candidacy, and I am now here to repudiate it.
I did not iillow my name to be used and would
not uii'ler any circumstances consent to its
tne except dpbh the one condition always «x
--press d — that the substantially unanimous
i vote of the country delegates ot this great
; State should show that it was in the interest
,oi peace and harmony in the Democratic
: party; and notwithstanding that v kw mo
! men ts &io t?he delegation accorded to me a snb
-1 stantially solid vote frcn my own county and
several of the other counties of the State with
out:ny knowledee. just learning it a few mo
i men:s ago. I am here to withdraw my name as
I candidate for chairman.
Our people in the Soutn asked me to bo
! chairman because they were in tavor of tree
silver. [Applause.] Tuey Hiked m* to be
chairman buunuse i voted in iavor oi .'ireclos
inc the mort'_-a~es upon tin- I'aeiJic railroad!
i of this const and because two years ago, as a
' candidate for Mayor, every corporation of the
city of Los Angeles fought me from beginning
! to end, and they believed, perhaps, that I
niiphr in some small raensure reoresent what
■ ought to be the sentiment in my nan of the
! great State of California; but when I heard a
few moments ago that my friend Senator Burke
of SintaCruz [applnu ; e] was a candidate for
this office I said 1 would withdraw and second
; his nomination, [applause] because I believe,
I gentlemen, that now above all this is the time
; to rise above personal prejudice and factional
I feeling.
I I don't know and neither do the majority of2
the country delegates know anything about |
your local contest in Sun Francisco, but we do j
know that every man pnght to be entitled to a
fair hearing. We do know that if the country
delegates of this State don't know the facts in
that case there ought to be some tribunal
to present them to us so that we may know
how to vote intelligently. And if on the floor
of this convention IGI men are placed upon
the preliminary roll, how do 1 know whether J
they are entitled, to seats in this convention ;
•when 161 other men say that they are not? ;
How do I know when it is stated upon this j
platform here that one party on the roll repre
sents only one-fourth of the Democracy of the
city and the contesting delegation three- |
fourths that it is not true?
I say in the interest of fairness and jus
tice to those that we don't know anything
about your city politics, but we want to carry !
this State for the Democracy, to heal up the j
wounds and to do justice to everybody; and
how are we going to vote intelligently if by
arbitrary action the chairman of the State
Central Committee shall place upon the roll
161 men to vote in his own interest ? There is
not a man within the sound of my
voice who does not know that the
voice of the Democracy of this State j
is in favor of fair play and an impartial j
vote; and therefore I say to the entire party, j
as I said to the paper to-lay, I never met j
Christopher Buckley but once in my life; I |
don't know Mr. McNab and I have not the
honor of the acquaintance of the chairman of )
the State Central Committee, and therefore I j
have a right to say, with my history and my
record and your knowledge of me, that 1 be- j
lieve it would best conduce 'o the interests of
the Democracy of this State to nominate a
man who knows neither faction. It is with
that view and for that reason that I second j
tne nomination of Senator Burke of Santa
Cruz.
The cheers that followed Ryan's address j
were interrupted by simultaneous cries j
for Gibson, Rothschild and Schellar, and i
W. V. Schellar of San Jose, one of the !
fierce opponents of Gould, gained the floor j
as Gibson shouted:
"Mr. Chairman, I did not expect to get j
recognition."
Schellar seconded Burkes nomination J
by saying:
Gentlemen of this convention, I desire to |
second the nomination of Senator Burke of '
Santa Cruz. It may be thought here that, be- j
cause I am a delegate from the county ot Santa
Clara, there is a personal matter existing in j
that delegation; but 1 say to you, gentlemen :
of the convention, that I second the nomlna- i
tion of Mr. Burke because I know thai there J
are at least two good men in the Democratic i
ranks of this State who are capable of acting as
temporary chairman of this convention. Those ;
of you who know Senator Burke as I ;
do. those of you who have been in the \
councils of the Democratic party, those i
of you who heard the testimonials of his col
leagues and co-laborers in the upper house of
the Legislature of this state will bear witness ,
with me that he is well worthy of the honor, j
Trustworthy, hone.-:, i OMMBtng as he does the
finer instincts of nature, possessing as he does i
h broad and liberal mind, possessing as he j
does a noble and generous heart, he will make
a fearless and conscientious temporary pre- [
siding ofiieer.
In closing, I make a personal atij'Oa!: I ad
jure you. gentlemen from the country, nnd '
you, delegates from the city and County of
San Francisco, to stand by Mr. Burke.
Joseph Rothschild, who is secretary of
the Buckley general committee of San •
Francisco, secured the floor, announcing I
himself as a delegate from San LuisObispo.
He was interrupted in the course of his ,
address by a delegate in the rear of the I
hall, who knew him for what lie is, but
did not know whence he hailed, the dele
gate declaring that Rothschild had no
rieht to speak. When it was explained
that he came from San Luis Obispo, all
was serene and he was allowed to proceed. j
"Gentlemen of the convention," he said, :
"1 did not intend to say a wor.l regarding
the candidates whose names have- been
submitted to this convention, but I have
heard something said regarding a Lentil
man who has been proposed here which. I
am satislied, emanated from an error and
mistake. My reason and justification for
talking at this time is based upon the fact
that a member from the country — from
San Joaquin I believe — intended to submit
• motion before the convention regarding
tbe contesting delegates and was ruled out
of order. I believe yon will not have a
chance here to hear the facts regarding j
this contest and I rise to indorse that mo- j
tion."
Evidently Rothschild feared a cail-down i
at this point, for he suddenly changed his ;
tune and thus continued:
"I now second the nomination of Sena- j
tor BurKe of Santa Cruz, and I am going '
to ast that in voting for chairman the j
matter be left to the country delegates i
entirely, and that both San Francisco fac- |
tions be prevented from voting. If Mr. i
Coleman had been present at the meeting :
of tne State Central Committee in San j
Francisco on March 14, he would have !
been entirely satisfied that Mr. Gould j
could not act fairly and impartially in pre
siding over any body of men.
"Now, gentlemen, I don't know Senator
Burke personally, but I am assured by a
committee from at least six or seven coun
ties that he is an honest and conscien
tious man, and is willing to be fair and
impartial. That is all we ast of any man,
and if one can have a man of that caliber,
I ask the gentlemen hereto act with me in
electing him chairman of this convention.
"Mr. Coleman told you that the Junta
delegates were upon the roll and that they
were placed there by tne State Central
Committee. I deny that statement in
toto. There never was a meeting of that
body at which it was properly represented.
There were forty members at that meet
ing in the California Hotel and twenty
seven votes were represented by one per
son by proxies. The recognition of tha
SAMUEL HUCKER OF SAN JOSE.
Junta which Mr. Coleman referred to was
obtained by reason of these proxies, if
that is recognition I want to know it.
Mr. O Byrne, too, erred when he said that
the six regular Democratic delegates from
San Francisco who ace aslnug for justice
and recognition at the hands of this con
vention represented three-fourths of the
Democratic voting strength of that City.
They represent nine and one-half tenths
of that vote."
This last was uttered with impressive
earnestness, in slow and deliberate tones,
and evoked applause and laughter.
•'They come before you," he continued,
"representing 20,000 Democratic votes, and
when they speak of Mr. Gould in the last
campaign having by his aid placed Mr.
Budd in the gubernatorial chair I ask
them where they would have obtained
their yores if San Francisco had not given
him its 20,000 votes? He was nearly that
number short when he came to San Fran
cisco and we gave him what he needed."
[Applause.]
Here Rothschild reviewed the proceed
ings before the State Central Committee
on March 14 in San Francisco, which re
sulted in the call for primaries being issued
to the Junta, and then coucluded with an
implied threat.
"So far as San Francisco is concerned
we ask you to let us keep our hands out of
this fight and permit the country to de
cide it. As soon as you attempt to ram
down the throats of the San Francisco
people a stuffed programme you will have
to stand the consequences of losing the
20,000 votes of San Francisco-"
William M. Gibson of San Joaquin, who
had repeatedly attempted to g*l in a mo
tion barring Doth tne contesting delega
tions from the preliminary organization,
but who had been declared out of order
every time, now made his point by an
nouncing that lie wanted to second the
nomination of Gould. I.i the course of a
short address he shifted his position under
the naked eye of the convention to such
an extent as to puzzle some members and
create a laugh at his expense. ■ But he got
in his motion just the same. He said:
I am a member of the San Joaquin County
delegation, und as such a member I second the
nomination of Mr. Gould, and I sincerely hope
and believe that Mr. Gould will be elected the
chairman of this convention. There has been
a great deal of talk in our newspapers as to
what Mr. Gould will do. I have seen in certain
newspapers in this Kate that McXab 'vas a
friend of Mr. Gould, and that, therefore, it Mr.
Gould was elected chairman of this conven
tion he would favor Mr. McNab. I don't be
lieve it. [Derisive yells and laughter].
I believe that Mr. Gould will give you a fair
and square committee on credentials. But in
the meantime I have thistosay: I don't be
lieve that anybody, or any set of men, or any
man should be allowed to be judge of his
own qualifications. There are contesting dele
gations ;'ro:ii Stiu Francisco. One of them has
its members' names on the roll of this conven
tion. Why ? Jleeause we had a meeting of the
State Central Committee in .San Francisco
and Mr. Gould decided that the Junta should
be placed upon the rou, and they are there.
[Groans, hisses and more derisive laughter and
cheers.] lam not a Buckley man.
"Rats !" came from one of the delegates,
bu Mr. Gibson went calmly on, without
being in the slightest manner disturbed.
But I am in favor of conducting this conven
tion in such a manner that It will be fair to
everybody. Don't allow anybody to pit on this
committee on disputed credentials when they
are to be the judges oi the qualifications oi
those who are to vote for a chairman.
Mr. Gibson then referred to the injus
tice put upon him by declaring out of
order his motion to exclude both San
Francisco delegations from participating
in the preliminary organization of the
convention, and cited four instances where,
in Democratic State conventions in Cali
fornia, such a motion had been placed brt
forfi the delegates and adopted. He con
cluded as follows:
I now make this motion, that the contesting
delegates be excluded from participation iv
the preliminary organization of this con
vention.
The chair declared that the motion was
out of order, and Gibson appealed. The
chair showed a disposition to ienore tbe
appeal and Gibson was showing signs of
shifting again, when P. F. Dunne, late of
S;in Francisco but now of San LuisObispo,
secured recognition, went to the platform
and made a rattling speech in seconding
the appeal. He said:
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen: I do not take
this platform to make a speech, but to appeal
from what I consider to be an unfair and un
righteous; ruling of this chairman. Mr. Cole
man told us not to be angry, that the Junta
delegation would not vote on the preliminary
organization, and so do the other delegation
from Han Francisco an injustice. Jf that is so,
if Mr. Coleman is correct, then upon what
principle of justice does Mr. Gould, a member
of the Junta himself [yells of delight from the
Santa Clara and Buckley delegations], write
down 161 names upon the temporary rollcail
of this convention, so that these men may vote
for him. Talk about Gould not being unfair;
talk about Gould not being a member of the
Junta; you can no more divorce Gould from
McNab than you can a man from his wife
wife. [Cheers and applause.]
This motion of Mr. Gibson's has been de
clared out of order. David Broderick made
such a motion in 1852. Did the Democratic
party think, it out of order? [Cries of "No,
no, no," from various parts of the hall.]
When, in 1856, at a time when this man was
wearing diapers, such a motion was made fn a
convention, did the Democratic party declare
it out of order? ["No, no, no," again came in
chorus from the delegates.]
When, in 1880, at Oakland, Stephen M.
White was chairman, did the Democratic
party decide such a motion was not in order?
[Again followed the chorus of negatives.]
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JITNJfi IT, IHVG.
SAM BRAUNHART, A YEOMAN OF THE JUNTA.
In 1886, in Odd Fellows' Hall, San Francisco, 1
when Stephen M. White was again chairman,
did the Democratic party declare the mo
tion out of order? [Again the noes louder and j
more general than before.] And one of the
very men who stood up in favor of the contest
ing delegations was John Daggett himself.
Are you goinp to permit the chairman of this i
convention to turn his back upon every pre
cedent of the Democratic party? I appeal to j
your sense of justice to prevent his doing so.
Then Gibson took the floor and ad
mitted that he was wrong in making the
motion when he did and before the nomi
nating speeches were concluded. This pro- [
yoked another laugh at his expense. He j
now renewed his motion, and Judge Ryan ;
of Los Angeles made the appeal from tbe |
chair's refusal to hear it. A great hubbub !
ensued, and the cbair was called several j
other names than Mr. Chairman.
Andy Clunie, with that distended finger
of his in the air and his coat and vest
open, now claimed recognition, and with
cries of "to the platform, Clunie, to the
piatform," Andy advanced to the lower
step of the throne, but there he stopped.
The hubbub continued, the chairman
working his gavel energetically and the j
"regulars' ' yelling encouragement to j
Clunie, while the others cried him down, j
He stood with the finger in position j
until he got a hearing, and then di3ap- I
pointed everybody by merely moving that j
the calling of the roll be dispensed with in j
this matter, and that the vote be taken !
viva voce. Andy saw what the uncertain .
Gibson had not, tnat the calling of the i
roll would determine the status of the \
regulars, which meant they would be out
of the fight.
The chairman declared the motion out.
of order and called for the calling of the
roll.
Some one, however, put the question i
and there was a rousing "nay" vote, over- !
ruling the chair. But the clerk continued j
to call the roll, and as it ran along and
county after county from the country that
the "regulars" so much depended upon
voted to sustain the chair the shifty Mr.
Gibson from San Joaqnin received a deal
of advice from his friends. In response to
it he twice pleadingly asked the chair for
permission, "in the interests of harmony,"
to withdraw his motion, but it was too
late. The remorseless call and recording
of the vote went on.
The record of .the vote— the tesi vote of
the entire convention — as to the respective
standing of the "regulars" and the Juntas
shows 176 to sustain tbe chair in a ruling
against the regulars, with 114 for the ap
peal, with San Francisco not voting. By
counties the vote was as follows:
roll.
The secretary did not call San Fran
cisco and as the chair, after the totals had
been figured up, announced that he would
not call San Francisco there was a laugh,
as it was so clear that the regulars had
been undone without the vote of the Junta
that it was not necessary.
The vote was then taken for the tem
porary chairmanship, with Burke and
Gould a3 the candidates.
It was interrupted at tbe call of ban la
Cruz by Burke himself, and he made a
little speech thanking his friends, declar
ing allegiance to the party, the absence of
any sore feelings, and declaring that it j
was already apparent that Mr. (iould was :
the choice of the convention for temporary \
chairman. He called for harmony in the |
party and invited the delegates to come to j
the carnival at Santa Cruz aftsr the con
vention to cool off.
He moved that tLe election of Gould be
made unanimous.
Andy Clunie lost no time in getting in:
"As a demonstration to those people who j
have been declaring it to be our purpose to j
split up the Democratic party I wish to j
move here that the nomination of Mr.
Gould be made unanimous by acclama
tion."
This was cheered a little and some one
proposed three cheers for Burke, which
were given heartily.
\V. W. Foote, when Alameda's name
was called on the roll for chairman, drew
out a little applause by saying in his em
phatic way:
"Recent occurrences have united the
hitherto divided elements in the De
mocracy of Alameda County, and we now
cast the vote of the entire thirty-five dele
gates for Frank Gould for chairman."
Frank Gould, when he climbed to the
platform, was applauded some, but by no
means rapturously. He made an effective
and not a long speech. He said :
Gentlemen of the convention, it Is a matter
of sincere gratification to me that I am given
the opportunity of extending my thanks to
the Democratic party assembled here, and I
assure you that, notwithstanding all that has
been said by those whom I believe to have
been prejudiced in regard to my action, so far
as my actions are concerned I am prepared
now— l have always been prepared— to submit
them to the just arbitration of all just, clean
and honorable minds.
I propose, as your temporary chairman in
the organization of this convention, bo far as
lies in my power, to do what I believe to be the
duty of every straightforward Democrat, and
that is to recognize and please no friend, so far
as lies In my power, but the wisdom aud in
tegrity of the Democratic party of the State of
California. I believe that the right is invinci
ble, and believe that the Democratic party of
this State belongs to no man, no set of men
and would have the supremest contempt for
my own manhood if I would permit one man
or two men or ten men to dictate to me any
course that did not accord with honor and
truth.
I believe that the Democratic party is to
day on the eve of one oi the greatest battles of
its history, and that we are now on the com
mencement of that battle which will result In
a magnificent victory for the party, not only
in the State ef California, but in our Union. I
believe that sitting here before me now, there
is an aggregation of delegates as great, as in
telligent and as honorable as ever sat in a con- j
vention in the Stnte of California, and to that
body of men I believe can be safely intrusted
the preservation of our party and its future.
Aeain thanking you for the honor extended
to me, I now announce that your pleasure is
mine.
On motion the following were made the
temporary officers of the convention.
They will be made permanent:
Secretary— Edwin P. Smith; chief as
sistant, Peter J. Shields; assistants, H. M.
La Rue Jr., P. A. Byrne. J. S. Carroll.
Searseant-at- Arms-Thomas W. John
son; first assistant, Matt Coffey; assis
tants, C. C. Dunhain. I. M. Smith, Charles
Studarus, D. E. Brophy.
Porters— Prince Buford, Thomas Hol
loran, D. Clark.
Pages— l. N. Makee, Sam Waite, John
McLaughlin, Mervin Norton, H. B.
Sbeehan.
On motion the chair was instructed to
name a committee of fifteen on creden
tials and another committee of ten on per
manent organization and order of busi
ness. A motion to appoint a committee
on platform failed, as it was deemed better
to wait until the committee on credentials
had reported. The chairman then de
clared a recess of a half hour until he could
report the names of the committee.
"What's the use of that?" cried J. H.
O'Brien, leader of Buckley's "business
men," "haven't you got the names in
your pocket, Mr. Chairman?"
"I may look aud see after a bit," said
Gould.
Before the recess was declared, a vener
able delegate made a plaintive appeal for
water: "We were told every comfort
would be supplied us here. With the
thermometer at something like 150 we are
famishing for water, even if we are Demo
crats." [Laughter.]
Upon reassembling, the committees
were announced, as follows:
On credentials— Madera, Miles, Wallace;
Kings, R V. Dewey; Nevada, W. Y. Prisk;
San Diego, J. J. Irvine; Sonoma, Rober
Howe; Trinity, John McMurray; Sutter,
L. P. Farmer; Monterey, P. E. Zabala;
Tulare, Ben M. Maddox; Sacramento,
H. M. La Rue Jr. ; Inyo, A. W. Eibeschuiz ;
Calaveras, Woodson Gerrard; Santa Bar
bara, H. G. Cooper; El Dorado, George
Hoffmeister; San Joaquin, George H. Fox.
On permanent organization and order
of business — San Joaquin, Marian de
Vries; Arnador, A. Caminetti; Modoc,
S. S. Ford; Marin, I. H. Willtius; Mari-
W. A. Ryan, an Active Delegate From the City of Los Angeles.
posa, J. C. C. Russell Jr. ; Merced, E. 8.
O'Brien; Stanislaus, L. W. Fulkerth; Los
Angeles, W. H. Workman ; Yolo, Bryan
Bali; Napa, H. H. Harris.
After the announcement of the commit
tees the convention adjourned until 9
o'clock to-morrow morning.
BUCKLEYITES SCOLD FOOTE
Reiterate Their Charges That He Is
an Ingrrate.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 16.— The air
to-night is filled with curses which the
Buckleyites are directing against W. W.
NEW TO-DAY.
4 W.
"APPKfTA"
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary.
"Gentle, but satisfactory in its action. Remarkable for its richness in magnesium
sulphate, exceeding that of all other bitter waters— always of the same strength, which is,
of course, a matter of great importance." — Neiv York Medical Journal.
" A much-esteemed purgative water." — " Its composition is constant. The practitioner
is thus enabled to prescribe definite quantities for definite results." — "A Natural
Water."— The Lancet.
" Affords those guarantees of uniform strength and composition which have long been
wanting in the best-known Hunyadi waters. — "Agreeable to the palate." — "Excep-
tionally efficacious."— British Medical Journal.
" Belongs to that large class of aperient waters which come from the neighbourhood of
Buda Pest, commonly known under the generic name of Hunyadi." — "Contains a large
amount of lithia. Specially marked out for the treatment of gouty patients," — Medical
tress and Circular.
Prices : 10 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Sole Exporters :
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY* LIMITED,
Foote, and they are joined by many of the
other radical opponents of Gould in the
chairmanship fight.
The Buckleyites repeat loudly and fre
quently the story that they sent heavy
forces into Alameda County to help Foote
win his victory in the primary elections.
They reiterate their charges that he is an
ingrate. There is no cnaree that Foote
personally made any compact with Buck
ley or any of the Buckley leaders.
They content themselves with telling
the story of the volunteer assistance.
Leaders like Recorder Glynn, Sam New
man and others have hinted all this with
out going into particulars. Some of the
boys come right out with it.
"Foote would never have won as much
as.he did if he had not got our help," said
Alexander Grecgains. "Why, we sent
more than 150 men over into Alameda
that day. They went into Alameda
mainly, but they were scattered all over
the country. You know what 150 fellows
of that sort can do. I bought four dollars
and six bits' worth of tickets for one lot of
fellows in the morning myself."
"And I sent over sixty-five men myself,"
said J. F. Sweeney. "That was in the
afternoon, after I went over and arranged
with Foote's friends. They went witn or
ders to go to Dennis, and he handled
them. It was understood that Foote's
friends were going to stand by us, and
now this is the way we get thrown down.
The best we have got all along has been
the worst of it."
Foote's support of Gould at the last
hour, when he had been expected to
stand out against him with his friends,
has naturally made him enemies who
would do anything they could to knife him
now. It is said that the Solano dele
gation, as far as Ed McGettigan can handle
it, will be thrown to Fitzgerald in his right
against Laymance as district delegate to
Chicago, in order to get a little revenge on
Foote and his friends.
It is now understood that Foote will
have the Daggett-Gculd-McNab support
for delegate-at-large.
SOME GLAD; OTHERS SAD.
Individual Feelings In Marked Con
trast After the Fljrht.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 16.— Andy
) Clunie was inclined to be jocular in re :
i gard to the result of the fight in which
the "regulars" were so badly defeated by
the Junta delegates.
"We have met the enemy and we are
j his'n," eaid Clunie. He added that he
' and his companions were not yet out of
the Democratic party.
Gavin McNab spoke for the Junta: "To
hear those other fellows shout you would
have thought they had a thousand votes,
j but when the roll was called they were too
light to do much. We are satisfied with
I the result It all came out as we expected."
CONGRESSIONAL OUTLOOK
Kelly Claims He Has the Fight Won
In the Fifth.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 16.— The
chairmanship and San Francisco fights
have, until to-night, prevented very much
consideration of Congressional affairs, and
in most of the districts the probabilities of
making nominations at this time and of
the fortunes of tbe respective candidates
are as uncertain as they were a week ago.
In the Fifth District Clunie and Kelly
are the only candidates left in tbe field.
Scheller of San Jose has definitely with
drawn. He says that he never was a can
didate, but it is known that he pulled out
in Joseph P. Kelly's interest because he
was a friend of his and because he had
previously promised Kelly his support.
Kelly says that he has his fight won.
General Clunie says that he isn't taking
much interest in the fight and does not
care as much about it as he did some little
time ago.
Clunie's friends say that he will beat
Kelly out. Max Popper has surprised
many people by H declarine himself for
Kelly since his candidate (Scheller) has
withdrawn. No Fifth District convention
has been arranged for, and there seems to
be a disposition among the delegates to
postpone it for a week or two.
DAGGETT HOLDS ALOOF.
Refuses to Join Issues With the
11 Regulars.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 16.— W. W.
Foote's decision to flock with the Gould
people, and presumably with the Junta,
on the understanding that Daggett was to
get no consideration at the hands of the
Stockton man should he be elected chair
man, inspired the Buckley leaders with a
hope that Daggett might be enlisted in
their tight against Gould.
With this understanding Dr. Sfcanton,
Andy Clunie and several oihers of the
anti-Junta delegation sought and bad a
conference with Mr. Daggett last night,
but despite the fact that Foote had been
taken into tbe Junta camp on the under
standing mentioned Daggett declared that
he was first, last and all the time for the
Junta. Thus another hope of the Buck
leyites went glimmerine and faded out.
V. A. Schellar of San Jose, who has
been a prominent candidate lor the Con
gressional nomination from the Fifth Dis
trict, has been withdrawn by his frieirds.
The reason for this is said to be the antag
onism arouseu among the San Francisco
delegates 6* tbe Fifth District by the criti
cism on the part of the Santa Clara dele
gation of Governor Budd's;distribution of
patronage in that county.
STANTON AND HIS KODAK.
Friend and Foe Relentlessly "Shot"
Iby the Commissioner.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 16.— Dr.
Stanton was evidently in a pleasant mood
this morning as a result of the decision of
tbe conference of the southern counties to
join with Santa Cruz and Santa Clara in
making a fight for Senator Burke of Santa
Cruz for the chairmanship. This was
looked upon by the anti-Junta aggrega
tion as a strong move in their favor, as
everything tending to weaken the strength
of Gould, fell in their programme.
Under the inspiration of the confidence
Continued on Fourth Page.
Sleep
1 I To be refreshing must be natural. Hood's
Sarsaparilla gives sweet, refreshing sleep,
' I because by purifying the blood it puts the
■ whole system in a healthy, natural condi-
, ! tion. • ■ ' ' '
: "1 have taken Hood's Sarsaparilla for
! sometime and found it to be an excellent
blood purifier." MRS. ALBERT CHAL-
TiIER, Penrose, Cal. .
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
jls the best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Unnrl'e Pillc are the on '>' pHls.tp take
nUUII 0 MHO with hood's Sara partlla.
WILL TANS
■ YOU ■ ■ ' "• ; - •■■ ■ - *^ OR "
• WALK? '■ ' : V DOLLAR.
- ) Even though It is a little out of your way: even
though it may be the first time you ha;-e gone
south of Market street for your shoes? It Is not only
, a quest'on of price with us, but also the assort-
ment, shapes, styles' and the tit; for we have all
the new Ideas In shoemaking at prices that attract.
CHILDREN'S A* i
SUfIMER Til* 00
TANS *X *
CHILD'S FINE TAN GOAT BUTTON
.. (chocolate shade), made on our new
square-toe shape, stylish toe-caps mid Q'l .OO
'- ■ solid oak-tan double soles ........ •Jl.l —
. . These shoes are only to be compared, with those
: so 'd'elsewnere at $1 50.
- Child's sizes run from Bto IOVs only.
Have you the Hulltvan -saver— the book
of shoes for niit-oMhc-town people?', Sent free
anywhere for the asking. v .• '.
SULLIVAN'S
MONEY-SAVERS : IN : SHOES, .
18-20-22 Fourth Street,
Just Below Market.
■ . • ■ ■- •
iraioF
■ ■■ '■-.-..-
- THE
GENERAL ELECTION
V A Ui ELECTORS DESIRING TO VOTE AT
-ex the coining election must be registered re-
gardless of any previous registration.
registration for the General Election to bo held
November 3, 1896, commenced at the office of the •
Registrar of Voters In the northeast wing of the
New City Hall on WEDNESDAY, May 27, 1893
and will continue until '
Honday, August 3, i 896, inclusive,
when Registration at the Central
Office will cease. — ; ' -;
— ; .- - ■ . ;
On and after July 11, 1896, registration will be
open at the New City Hall on Saturday evenings *
from 7 p. m. to 9 s>. m.
PRECINCT REGISTRATION
Will commence in the several precincts of the
city on TUESDAY, August 4. 1896, and do c
on SATURDAY, August 8, 1896, when all reel.,
tration will cease.
Office hours from 9 a. m. till 10 p. m.
By order of { the Board of Election Commit,
sioners. ' • . • •
s W. m; hinton,
Registrar. .
BRU|HESS^S.,H
brewers, bookbinders, candy-maken i owner*
! dyers. flourmiUs, foundries, laundries, pane*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe faciorii. a££?£
WM*. Ut-roofers, tanners, tailors, etcT
Brush Manufacturers. 608 B»cramonto9faRACED WITH THE RISING SUN
And 'The Call's" Special
Train Was First in the
Contest.
FASTEST TIME ON RECORD
TO SACRAHENTO.
The Run From the Oakland Pier
to the Capital Made in i Hour
and 36 flinutes.
RIVALS LEFT FAR BEHIND DURING
THE QUICK DISTRIBUTION.
Copies of the "San Francisco Call" Eagerly
Awaited by News-Seeking Politicians at
the State Democratic Convention.
SACRAMENTO, June 16.— Ninety miles
in one hour and thirty-six minutes, the
fa.'tes: tim»> ever made from the OaKland
fi< r -o S.-icr.itiu-r.to, is the record of The
Call's special train which arrived this
morning from ihe Bay City at 4:23 o'clock.
A ter this exciting lace against time, the
engineer's wiristie blowing a merry salute
and scores of fiaes which festooned the
cars waving in the breeze, The Call's
special came rolling over the drawbridge
which s tns the Sacramento River and to
a standstill under the g I a«s- covered depot.
It was at a very early hour when the
engineer, tired from his unusual vigilance,
closed the throttle of his engine, climbed
from his cab and walke i down the streets
of Sacramento toward a friendly hot 1.
The silvery sheen of light bursting
through a ragged canyon in the distant
Sierras, its rays rt fleeted by the great dome
on the CaDitol building, heralded the ap
proach of day. Anxious politicians were
hurrying hither and thither and con
versing in groups on the street corners.
The Scene on the Oakland Mole at Half-past 2 O'clock Tuesday Morning. Unloading the bundles
of "The Call" From the Tug and Placing Them Aboard the Special for Sacramento.
[Sketched by a "Call " artist.]
Every one was endeavoring to ascertain if ]
possible the exact situation with which j
they would be confronted as the fall of the ;
eavel marked the opening scene of the !
Democratic State Convention.
Political enlightenment was at the time
almost as anxiously sought by many as is j
life sustaining food during a time of fam- j
in*. A few weary newa-seekers were about i
to cease in their efforts and await devel- j
oprnents, when they were again spurred
into activity by the arrival of The Call's j
special.
It leaked out about 3 o'clock this morn- i
ing that The Call had dispatched a train j
froiu San Francisco, bound for the Capital
City; also that thousands of numbers of
a splendid edition containing a detailed j
account of the business which in all prob- j
ability would to-day be considered by the
convention were on the train which was j
racing against the rising sun.
Consequently, when the train arrived
t <■;■■■ was an immediate rush for copies of
The Call, and those whoa few minutes had j
been eroneously sumrn<ng up the situa
tion stood corrected, and again com
menced to exchange their views on vari
out questions, of the hour in the lobb; "s of
the hotels and on the curbs and corners.
This piece of enterprise on the part of j
The Call was for many hours the sole j
tonic of conversation. Praise for The Call j
could be heard at all times and places, !
particularly regarding the authenticity of i
its convention report; its unbiased opin- ;
iori9, and the laudable fight it was making
for the benefit of California ana the wel- ;
fare of the entire Pacific Coa-^t.
J. G. Boynn, chief mailing clerk for The
Call, was in charge of the special and had
arranged for the distribution of the papers !
in aavance. In consequence, a number of ;
wagons were on baud promptly, and con
▼eyed the edition to the main thorough- !
fares of the city. Eight voting men, each
in uniform and wearing a jaunty cap of
crimson having the name Call em- j
blazoned in gleaming letters of silver
across the front, saw that every one was j
furnished with a copy of the paper. They
hurried here and there, took the hotels by
storm and bombarded the boarding
houses.
Every man who chanced to be slumber
ing in his bed after a hard day's talking
was awakened by a rap on his door, a copy
of The Call was thrust through as the
door swung on its hinges in answer to the
knock and before the recipient of the
morning paper had time to recover from
the shock of his sudden awakening the
uniformed Call representative had maae
his departure.
Herbert Schmitz, representing the
bus, ness office, and Edward Warn field,
Thomas Shelton, James Mclnerney, P. W.
Adams, Frank Shelton, H. Levy and
Patrick Parnell Grace, special distributors
from the San Francisco mailing-room, saw
that every one was supplied with Calls.
They did their work well, and the remark
on the part of the Golden Ea^le Hotel's
ebony porter that "Every one surely got
de news dis mornin' and knows the truf,
as Calls is ebery where," was only too true.
When the convention convened at 2
o'clock this afternoon, and during the
meetings of the various delegations Calls
were much in evidence. They were placed
at every entrance which led to a meeting
apartment, and it was evident, judging
from the disposition on the part of a num- !
ber of politicians to read The Call and
lor the time pay little attention to the
goings on of anxious delegates, that the
paper was wielding an influence which
eventually was sure to be of benefit to the
S\ate.
Charles M. Shortridge. who arrived from
San Francisco yesterday, was congratu
lated by all who knew him on his enter
prise and the success of his undertaking.
Promptly at 1 o'clock in the morning ;
The Call's great presses began to revolve !
and hum. Papers at the rate of 24,000 an
hour came gliding over the press flies ana :
from there to the elevator, which carried
them into the mailing-room overhead. It
was a busy morning.
The pressmen, conscious of the great re
sponsibility which rented on there,
watched the great machines with increased i
interest. They moved in and out of the !
alleyways separating the various parts of I
the presses, keeping a careful eye on the i
bulky rolls of paper as they unwound and
were printed, cut and pasted into the form |
of a modern journal.
During this time a lively scene was be
ing enacted in tb <? mailing-room.
Packages on packages of papers wont j
sliding down the chutes leading into the
wagons in the street below. Finally the :
work of the presses was over and the
wagons went rattling over the pavement ■
toward the Washington-street wharf,
where the tug "Millie" was in waiting to j
convey the edition to the Oakland mole.
In a few minutes the little tug was puff- 1
ing over the nipht-b!ackened waters of !
the bay. At 2:45 a. m. the wharf was
reached. It took considerable time to |
transfer the packages from the boat to the j
special, but this was finally accomplished,
and the train started on her record-break- !
me race for Sacramento. Rodeo was
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1890.
The Scene in Front of "The Call" Building at a Quarter to Two O'Clock on Tuesday Morning— Loading Bundles of "The Call" Ready for the Rush to Catch the
Tug at the Foot of Clay Street.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.}
i reached in a very few minutes, and aw
' the train sped past the depot a number of
I Calls were thrown on the platform.
They were picked up by the a^ent, who
: lost no time in distributing them through
| out the village. Bundles were thrown off
I at Vallejo Junction, Crockett and Port
Costa, and at the latter place the train
puffed onto the big ferryboat Solano,
in consequence of which, for the period at
eleven minute*, the time consumed in
crossing the bay, this flying system of dis
tribution bad to be abandoned.
Benicia was also supplied with papers,
an was Army Point, a few miles beyond.
From this point to Sacramento the rail
road is comparatively free from curves,
and the engine— No. 1365 — which has the
enviable record of seventy-eight miles an
hour, was given full steam, and it was
here that the excitement of the run began.
It was still dark and the train pluneed
and rocked over the rails like a snip in a
stormy sea. It threatened every moment j
to leave the track and splinter Into a scrap j
heap on the outside roadbed, but fortun
ately accident was avoided.
Now and then the tireman would open j
the locomotive's furnace door. It was !
like looking into a molten inferno, so ter
rific was the fire that kept the steam from
falling in his engine as it rushed almost \
madly toward its destination. At times
the flames in the firebox would throw a
livid glare over the special, giving it the
appearance of a specter train rushing
from an m vending clanger.
This, hu ."-.-or, was not the casa with
this particmV : ; in. It had a mission to
perform. Trie people of the capital city
wanted the news of the convention and it
was being hurried toward them as fast as !
this iron production of man's genius could
carry it.
Sntetm, Dixon and Davis were flooded
with Calls about four hours prior to the
regular time, and then all . that remained !
to do was to wait until Sacramento was j
reached. After an hour and thirty-six
minutes from the Oakland mole this city
was reached, and the ascending orb of
BOUND FOR SACRAMENTO.
day was suffered to climb his way toward
the zenith unpaced by a locomotive of
marvelous speed.
MIGRATING TRAMPS.
They Are Staking 'thing* i&v<€y for
XortHern l'nrific Trainmen*
TACOMA, WASH., June 16.— An army of
tramps. Including many from California,
has started East, over ihe Northern Pa
cific.
They commenced going last week, and
ever since twenty to thirty have been
hanging about each station east of here,
trying to catch on trains. Fights with
trainmen are of daily occurrence, tramps
hurling rocks and clubs at them when or
dered to get off. Most freight brakeman
are wearing bandaged heads.
Last Saturday Brakinian Taylor shot
Louis Johnson, inflicting a flesh wound.
Another tramp was shot the same day.
They were taken to Ellensburg and the
brakeman had to leave town, as the infu
riated tramps threatened to mob him.
The Northern Pacific threatens to prose
cute the tramps under the Feaeral Court
ruling of 18!»4 that men caught obstruct
ing trains are guilty of f lony.
Some of the tramps say they are going
to the Democratic National Convention in
Chicago to secure the adoption of a plat
form plank recognizing aud protecting the
poor laboring man.
Sheltering Arms Offire.ru Elect.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 16.— The board of
directors of the Pratt Home and Shelter
ing Arms Society have elected the follow
ing officers for tiie ensuing year:
President, Mrs. Robert Syer ; first vice
president, Mr*. J. Sweigf-rt: second vice
president, Mrs. B. D. Murphy; treasurer,
Mrs. J. H. Henry; secretary, Mrs. J.
Sweigert; financial secretary. Mrs. S. A.
Barker. The reports of the officers showed
the organizations to be in a'healthy condi
tion. A donation of $250 was received
from Adam Sweigert.
X'otre Dante Graduating JCrerclfs.
SAN JOSE. Cal.. June 16.— The gradu
ating exercises of the Academy of Notre
Dame Convent this morning was well at
tended. A tin<.' programme was excei
lentiy rendered. Those receiving diplomas
were: Misa Mary Miotke, Miss Eunice
Peckham, Miss Gertrude Peckham, Miss
Beatrice QuijaJa, Miss Angela Sullivan
and Miss Mary Williams.
The Chief of "The Call" Mailing Department and the Detail of His Force That Accompanied the
Shipment of "Calls" on the Special Which Made the Quickest Run on Record Between San
Francisco and Sacramento.
[From a photograph taken by Burl if. Jiodson in Sacramento.]
MEET DEATH IN
RAGING WATERS
The Johnstown Calamity
Repeated on a Smaller
Scale.
SEVEN PERSONS PERISH.
An Entire Family Sw:pt Out of
Exist' nee Near Baker City,
Oregon.
BODIES SCATTEBED FOR MILES.
High Water Breaks the Goodrich Dam
in the Night and Causes the
Disaster.
PENDLETON, Or., June 16. —A. special
says: The Goodrich reservoir, fifteen
miles from Baker City, broke down last
night, owing to the immense voiume of
water surging against its banks. The
water rushed down a gulch for a few
miles, where it jumped into Pine Creek.
Robert French's house was struck by the
Hood and destroyed.
The family, consisting of the parents
and live children, their ages ranging from
3to 12 years, were killed. The bodies were
found scattered along t'e creek for a dis
tance of three miles. The clothing was
torn off and the bodies mangled. Large
pine trees were carried miies down the
stream and fences ana bridges were swept
away. Grain lielus are badly uumaged.
The Goodrich reservoir was built for
mining purposes by the Auburn Canal
Company. The high water weakened the
supports of the bank.
OREGON PIONEER JUBILER
Old-Timers Join in a Double Celebration
at Portland. •
PORTLAND, Or., June 16.— The, pio
neers of the early iorties are holding a ju
bilee celebration in Portland commemora
tive of the fiftieth anniversary since
Knglish rule ceased in the territory that is
now Oregon, Washington, Idaho and part
of Montana. It is also the twenty-fourth
annual reunion of the Oregon Pioneer As
sociation, ana never before in the history
of old-'imers of the association have so
many visitors been in the city.
At the Exposition building this after
noon exercises were held, Hon. George
H. Williams, ex-United States Attorney-
General, delivering an address of wel
come. In the parade which preceded the
exercises about 300 school children
marched through the streets, eiving the
flag drill. Juaquin Miller, the Poet of the
Sierras, wrote a poem for the occasion en
title 1 "The Pioneers to Oregon, the Great
Emerald Land."
DROWNED IN FIT RIVER
Peculiarly Had Fate of Two loung Men
From Redding.
REDDING, Cal., June 16.— News has
just been received in this city of a double
drowning in Pit River, in -the Big Bend
country, sixty miles from this city, in
which Robert English and Jesse Thorpe,
two young men well and favorably known,
lost their lives.
Thorpe and English, in company with
a couple of other young men, had left the
flat woods on a tour of prospecting in the
mining belt adjacent. They were com
pelled to cross Pit River, and a small row
boat was secured for that purpose. At the
point of crossing the water in the river
runs like a miltrace and is considered very
dangerous.
Thorpe and English got into the boat and
on reaching the middle of the river the
craft became unmanagable. Thorpe in hts
j excitement jumped from the boat and
after a :>liort distance sank.
I Englis jumped to his drowning compan
-1 ion's rescue and he too went down to a
\v.'it»:ry grave.
The rest of the party could render no
assistance whatever, as it meant sure
death to enter t c stream. Up io the
I present time the bodies of the unfortunate
young men have not been found.
FLM A\S l'i;iS O A (i.V FU
I Two Hundred Convicts With Huckjeta
■ Extinguish the Flame*.
YUM A, Ariz., ' Juris 16.— Shortly before
4 p. m. to-day a tire was discovered in the
electric litrht and dynamo room of the
Territorial Penitentiary, located at this
place, and for a time it was feared the
magnificent structure was doomed. For
tunately, the splendid discipline
that was maintained by Superintend
ent M. Nugent prevented any confu*ion
and the 203 inmates formed into a bucket
brigade and worked most strenuously in
conjunction with the guards to re. —
the flames. , After an hour's work the lire
was under control, and at 5 p m. the ex
tinguished rains of the recent addition to
the prison, comprising the shoe and tailor
shop, laundry, bathhouse, engine and
boiler rooms, bear testimony to the narrow
escape of Arizona from a severe loss. The
estimated damage is $3500. Rebuilding
will be done at once.
Sew Winery for Fresno.
FRESNO, Cai... June 16.— Work was
commence 1 on a wintry and distillery
here, which is to be the largest in the
world.
It will cover seventeen acres about two
miles south of Fresno, and will be binh by
the California Wine Association. Work
men are laying a track to the site prepara
tory to hauling material upon the ground.
A call was to-day published here for
bids for the construction of buildings
which will cost $30,000, while the i
plant will cost a quarter of a million.
The winepresses will crush forty tons of
grapes an hour.
NEW TO-DAY.
it
Silver dollars nre good enough for ns; we'll
take 'em and give you gold value.
Extraordinary sale this week of Men's All-
wool Trousers. Regular weight goods, In
dark and medium shades, worth An mft
$4, #5 and .■?«, at......... ;...... WUitf II
You can always use an extra pair of Trousers
—better not let this chance slip.
Ail-wool Men's Suits at reduced prices. . Ex-
tra values everywhere this week. See display.
<rgj?g9 r 3i-33-35-37~fiB^ftv gfcJr
You can buy safely by mail. Money back if
not suited.
34
GOULD AND THE
JUNTA WIN
Continncd from Second Pw
and pleasure exerted by this news, the
doctor got out his little kodak and created
consternation and merriment among the
delegates scattered along X street in front
of the Golden Eagle Hotel. He "shot"
friend and foe alike, and took a score or
more snap shots. Among his victims are
Joe Rothschild, James H. O Brien, Senator
Donovan and other prominent characters
of the convention. His implement of tor
ture worked on the instantaneous plan,
and no man upon whom he once directed
his attention was allowed to escape.
DEMOCRATIC COMMENTS.
How the Convention Work IsVlewed
by Leaders.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 16.— E. L.
Colnon found something remarkaDle about
this convention.
"This," he said to-day, "is the most re
markable convention that ever convened
in California in this respect— it is a spon
taneous outburst for a thing that was
doubtful a short time ago.
"The leaders who have the convention in
hard are nearly all pronounced gold men,
yet the convention will undoubtedly be
overwhelmingly for silver and adopt a
radical silver platform. Tiiere is an un
expected confidence among the Democrats
and a strong hope oi winning on the silver
issue.
"The silver issue is about the only
feature that I am taking much interest in,
and 1 am going away as soon as the plat
form is adopted. My paper, the Stockton
Mail, has been fighting for silver for four
years, and it is a singular thing that when
a Democratic convention meets and is
about to adopt a free silver nlatform, there
is but one Democratic paper in the State
really advocating free silver. This shows
that the silver sentiment has not been
created by the press, but in spite of it, and
it shows how effective has been the pro
paganda by the silver men.
"The gold men are generally accepting
the silver issue with a good deal of confi
dence that the party can win on it. They
think that it is a good party policy, al
though they think it is bad for the country.
John P. Iri*h is the or.ly one of the gold
men 1 have met here who does not say
that it is good policy for the party to in
(ioi>e silver and that it can probably carry
the next election on that issue.
"Stevenson is my favorite for the Presi
dency if nis stand on the silver question
i- satisfactory. Boies would probably be
my next choice.
"I think it is shameful the way the Fed
eral brigade has been turned loose on this
convention ; I think it is an outrage that
the recent civil service order of the Presi
dent has been withheld in the personal in
terest of the President in securing an in
dorsement here."
Attorney R. A. Long of Willows has
been keeping at least half an eye on the
Congressional nomination in the Third
District.
"This is a representative convention,"
he observed to-day, "and it knows what it
wants to do and will do it. It represents
all classes and has comparatively few
proxies in it. It is independent, and the
bosses will fare mighty poorly in it. Boies
of lowa or Campbell of Ohio are my
present favorites for the Presidency."
Captain Messic of San Francisco is one
of the notable characters of the conven
tion. He is a strong friend of John Dag
eett and does not believe that W. W.
Foote's coalition with Gould presages any
misfortnne for the Mint superintendent.
T. T. Lane of Angels Camp is urged as
a condidate for delegate. His frieuds say
that all Mr. Lane has to do is to acknowl
edce his willingness to serve and he is as
good as elected. Mr. Lane has consented
to accept if the honor is offered him.
One of the old Democratic warhorses
here is .Tuiige J. C. Ball of Woodland, who
lias been attending Democratic conven
tions for a generation and a half in this
State. His interest did not seem to run
very actively to the connubiating and
wire-pulling that is going on.
"I have been looking around," he ob
served to-day, "trying to iind some of the
old faces I have boen meeting at conven
tions for thirty-five years, and I found but
tew of them here. There is old Joe Ham
ilton and Applegat.e of Placer of the old
time delegates, anJ I ran across Judge
Mesick of Santa Clara, i have met John
McMurray of Siskiyou and Ostrom of
Yubi, anil I expect to run across some
more of the oM boys, but they are few,
they are few."
August Keller, an able representative
from Yuba, is one of the prominent char
acters of the convention.
Joseph Blake of Solano, who has the
distinction of having Andy Cluuie for Lis
colleague, has proved to be a man of
weight and influence in the convention.
E. B. Pond is quietly busy. He will not
go to Chicago as a delegate at large on a
silver platform and so is out of that race.
'•My main criticism of this convention,"
he said, "is that it is being governed by
policy rather than by some other things."
Among other comment!* were the fol
lowing:
A. if. Seymour of Sacramento— The con
vention will no doubt declare for free coin
age of silver, and those who are in favor of
gold will simply have to rtand it. I think
that if we could get the real sentiment of
the delegates we would find a Burprisingly
large number in favor of gold, and I think
that many who are shouting for silver
really have not given the subject honest
thought.
H. M. La Rue of Sacramento— l am
firmly opposed to woman suffrage, and be
lieve the cpnvention will ignore or take a
stand against it.
Frank V. Brooks, of the regulur Forty
secon d District : "I believe the action of
Chairman Gould in refusing to grant the
contesting delegation a hearing will re
sult in a split iv the Democratic party. It
is contrary to no less than four prece
dents which made it a law of Democratic
conventions that contesting delegates
should be barred until the party organi
zation was effected. Gould's usurpation
of arbitrary power is a great injustice
that the country delegations must resent.
In the matter of the currency I think that
<:very member of the delegation is for
silver. The Call did a creditable stroke
of journalism by beating its competitors
into the capital by fully an hour this
morning."
Colonel O'Byrne of the Regulars: "Oh
I'm for silver of course. I'm also for fair
play In the Democratic party, and lam
going to see that we get it. I created a
good deal of th's trouble for the Junta in
the caucus last evening."
Dan Gaviean, secretary for Regulars:
"Silver will be the battle cry after all, and
McKinley's name will not mean so much
on a gold platform as it was expected to
do."
Dr. Stanton; "The Call seemed to be.
a little more than simply in it this morn
ing."
Tnder Sheriff (Mack of ttie Regulars:
"With free silver and harmony the Dem
ocratic party will win in the State and
the Nation. What we must have here in
the State is ba«. r nony. I congratulate Thk
Call on its stroke of enterprise in reaca
ir.^ >' U r city by dayiight to-day."
Kx-Supervisor Denman: "I am a Demo
crat and am prepared to indorse the decla
rations of the party announced at Sacra
mento and at Chicago."
PASSING UPON CONTESTS.
Foote Attacks an Oakland Primary
Election Judge.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 16.— Before
the committee on credentials to-night
W. W. Foote made a bitter attack upon
the contestants and the officers of election
in the Third Ward, Oakland, for the pri
mary election.
His attack was principally directed at
Patrick O'Kane, one of the judges of elec
tion, who, he said, had committed such
open frauds as should send him to the
penitentiary. O'Kane, who is a big fellow
physically, resented the language, declar
ing tkat Foote could not send him there
and had misstated facts, and for a few
minutes it looked as though there would
be a pitched battle.
The contest was that of J. J. McDonald
against W. B. White, the latter holding
the certificate of election and seat
in the convention. Foote declared that
when he himself went to the polls to vote
he was told by O'Kane that his name had
been voted. He confessed to having felt
very indignant and insisted upon casting
his vote.
, O'Kane came out and tried to explain
to him that there was a clerical error in
the case that caused the officers to at first
refuse his vote and he (Foote) declared
O'Kane would not know a clerical error if
he met one on the road.
"There were strange people conducting
the elections in Oakland that day," said
Foote. "Among them was the Banjo-
Eyed Kid from San Francisco. We know
that the ballot boxes were stuffed, and
O'Kane and his confederates ought now to
be on their way to the State prison instead
of appearing here trying to unseat a young
man who honors his place in the conven
tion to-day."
Foote read an affidavit of one of the
election officers, S. B. Worley, in which
Worley stated that he saw O'Kane and
another judge of elections inserting bal
iots in the box through an opening in the
rear; that O'Kane held his arm over the
opening and removed it at intervals to
allow the other to insert the ballots; that
he( Worley) informed his colleague on the
board, and they pasted a piece of paper
over the opening in the rear, after which
he saw no more stuffing.
Foote declared that these heroic meas
ures were taken in the election to discredit
him (Foote) in his own ward, because it
was known tiiat he would come before
this convention seeking ttie honor of a
delegateship to the National Democratic
Convention. He had carried the matter
before the executive committee of the
State Central Committee.
The vote had been canvassed aud it was
determined that with a proper accounting
for the fraudulent votes, and the number
of voters who had not been allowed to
vote under the pretense that their names
had been voted, White had a majority.
McDonald had been credited with 195
votes and White 145 in the original re
turns.
R. J. Fitzgerald made the argument for
the contestants. He was not charged with
complicity in any of the frauds recited.
He ma'fiean attack upon the methods by
which White had secured his certificate of
election. He said the State Central Com
mittee had no authority whatever to
change the result of tne election as it had
done.
McDonald had received no notice of the
proposed contest whatever. He had asked
why the certificate was not issued to him,
and was told that he would hear from
them in a few day?. The next day the
certificate had been issued to White, and
neither be nor Fitzgerald had ever heard
why until now.
He (Fitzgerald) declared this was all
irregular and unlawful. The committee
had met in some back room, heard the tes
timony of one side — the other side had not
even been notified— the results and
records of the election had on this ex parte
testimony been overturned and the cer
tificate given to the man who received the
lesser number of votes.
The contest from Alameiia of the four
seats in the convention was heard at great
length and with considerable recrimina
tion. The committee then went into ex
ecutive session.
The committee on credentials seated
Dennis of Alameda, and will seat the rest
of the Foote delegation. . .
♦
BUCKLEYITES GRAB SEATS.
Break Into the Convention Hall by
Force of Numbers.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 16.— Every
attempt to secure even the slightest con
cession from Gould by the Buckley ruen
drove the members of that delegation to
desperation to-day, and by finesse and
force they entered the Agricultural Pa
vilion shortly before 1 o'clock this after
noon and took possession of the seats set
apart for the San Francisco delegation—
that is, the Junta representatives.
The last effort to soften the heart of
Gould toward the men reputed to be Buck
ley proteges was made about 2 o'clock this
morning by the committee appointed at
the caucus of the southern counties. He
was asked whether he would entertain a
motion, before any other business was
transacted in convention, providing for
the exclusion of the Junta men from the
floor and the privilege of voting on tem
porary organization. This he positively
declined to do.
When this information was conveyed to
the leaders of the anti-Junta outfit a cau
cus of that body was immediately called
to decide upon a plan of action. The ses
sion lasted until 12 o'clock. Then in a
body the entire delegation, comprising
nearly all the 101 delegates elected, pro
ceeded to murch in easy stages from head
quarters *on Seventh street, near X, to the
pavilion where the convention was to
meet.
Meauwhile a select few were sent ahead
to reconnoiter. They reported that C. C.
Dubain, one of the assistant sergeants-at
arms, was on guaid alone, with orders to
admit no one until 1 o'clock.
When the push arrived at the pavilion
they were kept out of sieht of Dubain
while Andy Clunie went around to the
front to interview the obdurate guardian
of the convention hall, but the eloquence
and argument of the suave attorney fell
apparently on deaf ears and blunted in
tellect. Admission waß absolutely re
fused, and Ciunie walked back to his col
leagues disappointed, Dut far from dis
co tiraeei.
Meanwhile Tim Tracey, a member of
the " regular " San Francisco, took off his
Buckley badge and acting as escort for
tnree lady friends of the State Printing
Office near by secured admission for him
stlf and bis lievy of beauties.
Cluuie was losing no time or thought oa
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 189(5.
his next move, but with Dr. Stanton on
his right, he led the way for a charge upon
the entrance amid cries of "160 to 1," ap
propriately changed for the occasion from
the silver cry of the delegates of 16 to 1.
Clunie again argued with Dubain, but
he was neither to be wheedled or coerced
into breaking his orders, notwithstanding
the exception made in favor of Tracey and
his unconscious lady co-conspirators.
When Tracey, who was watching de
velopments on the outside while enter
taining his friends on the inside, saw that
the whole body of "regulars" was massed
infrontoftbeentrance.be asked Charles
Studarus, one of the assistant sergeants-at
arms inside the hall, to allow them to go
out. Studarus walked to the entrance and
forced one of the large doors partly open.
Tracey quickly pushed his lady friends
back, jumped into the breach and shouted
to the besiegers to charge. Dubain made
a brief, but frantic and vain effort to stem
the torrent of human beings, but was
swept along inside like a straw in a gale,
a^id in less than half a minute the "regu
lars" were individually selecting the soft
est seats, which had been set aside for their
opponents.
The miraculous feature pf the break was
that no one was injured in the made stam
pede through the narrow doorway.
By 1 o'clock every Buckleyite was con
tentedly viewing the decorations of the
hall and calmly fanning himself into a
worse state of perspiration.
Shortly before 2 o'clock the delegates be
gan to drift in and among them came
scattering groups of the Junta's followers.
Surprise and consternation are mild terms
to describe their looks of disgust and de
feat. But no attempt was made to disturb
the bold and crafty men in possession of
the San Francisco seats. The Junta men
found seats where best they could and for
the time being war was averted.
WOMEN MORE HOPEFUL.
Are Making Some Converts Among
t ' the Delegates.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 16.— There
was a more animated appearance to the
rooms of the woman's suffrage delegation
to-day, and the countenances of the cham
pions of equal rights in consequence wore
more cheerful and hopeful expressions.
Visits of delegates were less like those of
the legendary angels, and Max Popper
gladdened the hearts of the lady cam
paigners by dropping words of wisdom
and advice among their number for two
hours at a stretch. Miss Anthony In par
ticular was more cheerful than at any
time since the arrival of the delegations
Sunday night. . ' -
' "I think," she said, "that woman suf
frage stock has gone up among the Demo
crats to-day, most decidedly. The in
dividual delegate says at first he does not
know about it, but after a while he
says, 'Why, yes, that is common-sense' ;
and I believe that if these delegates had
the matter submitted to them in the con
vention nearly every one of them would
vote for a woman suffrage plank."
Here Miss Anna Shaw took up the
thread of thought, saying: "Ignorance
on this subject has always been the
trouble. The men think this entirely
a woman's business, and that they
have nothing to do with it. They seem
to be quite surprised when you explain to
them that it is something quite different
from their conception of the matter. All
.the opposition in the past has been either
sentimental or on the ground of
expediency. Some have a pedestal idea of
woman, but the same man who expresses
this view allows his wife to work on the
farm, milk the cows, look after the
chickens, etc., and does not think this in
terferes with his sentimental 'idea of
woman." .
Miss Anthony resumed as follows: "It
is not very strange that the majority of
men have not a clear idea of this
question when you remember that their
mothers had not taught them to think
on the subject school teachers had not
instructed them on it, ministers had not
preached it and editors had not advocated
it in their papers. Now, all these educa
tional instrumentalities are at work bring
ing the subject home to every one. 1
In the course of conversation late this
evening with Miss Ida Harper, she said
that every one in the women's headquar
ters was more hopeful to-day than they
were yesterday.
"We have had Quite a number of dele
gates in our room during the day," said
she. "In several instances entire delega
tions came, and if the elevator had not
broken down I am sure the number would
have been much greater. We have found
that we have a good many more friends
among the delegates • than we expected,
and we believe that if we had the oppor
tunity for a little more missionary work
it might be possible to make a good many
converts at the convention ; but we fear
that the time is too short to allow us to
achieve our purpose at this time. We find
as a rule that the younger element is in
favor of woman's suffrage. ,
"We consider it somewhat against our
success that the platform committee will
consist of so many members. If we are
given an opportunity to address the plat
form committee Miss Anna Shaw, Miss
Anthony, Mrs. A. A. Sargent. Mrs. E. O.
Smith of San Jose, Mra. Alice
M. Stacker of Oakland and my
self will appear before that body.
With the exception of Miss Anthony
and Miss Shaw, we will be limited to
three-minute speeches, and the two ladies
mentioned will not occupy more than ten
minutes each. We hope at least for a
minority report, which will bring the mat
ter before the convention. v^f
. •• — — — .
ARE VOWING VENGEANCE.
"Regulars" Swear They Will Run
an Independent Ticket.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 16.— The
Buckleyites, amid their denunciation of
Foote, are declaring what they will
do when they get back to the
City, and they swear that they
will run an independent ticket and per
form all the functions of the "regular"
party in San Francisco. They are to-night
taking comparatively little interest in
their contest, which is being heard by the
committee on credentials, as they consider
the prospects of recognition hopeless.
PEACE IN THEIR CAMP.
Foote and Daggstt Believed to Have
Burled the Hatchet.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June If}.— The
treaty between Foote and Gould is ex
pected to effectually end the prospects of
an open declaration of war on John Dag
gett in the convention.
Foote, who had declared that a resolu
tion would be introduced reading Daggett
out of the party again, has quit on 'his
anti-Daggett roar. The Daggett forces are
not fighting Foote in his candidacy for
delegate at large.
SAM RAINEY ARRIVES.
Engaging In the Fight to Capture
Committeemen.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 16.-Sam
Rainey arrived to-day and went on deck at
the Western Hotel. It is officially an
nounced that Mr. Rainey is uo here to
buy a hop ranch.
Kaiuey is getting in his work iv the
direction of members of the State Central
Committee largely. The eighteen mem
bers of the State Central Committee from
San Francisco will be elected by the
AsseniDly district delegates to-morrow or
Thursday.
The McNab-Sullivan faction on one side
theßainey-Daggett-Lanipan faction on
tnjeother are engaged in a fierce tight for the
capture of committeemen. Ed Lanigan,
who has been here for two days, is devot
ing his especial attention to this proposi
tion, and will likely walk off with some
victories which the other men have beeu
counting on.
The Thirty-fourth, Thirty-ninth, For
tieth, Forty-second and Forty-tifth dis
tricts are conceded to ttie Kriney-Daggeti-
Lanigan combination, which firm will
probably win a number of the doubtful
ones.
MADDUX FOR CONGRESS.
Nominations Made by Seventh Dis-
trict Democrats.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 16.— The
Seventh Congressional District held its
convention immediately upon the ad
journment of the State convention, L. J.
Maddux of Stanislaus was nominated for
Congress.
Oscar A. Tippett of San Diego, George
E. Church of Fresno, H. A. Jastro of
Kern and A. O. Smith of Riverside were
placed in nomination for district delegates
to the National Convention. Tippett and
Church were elected and Jastro and Smith
made alternates.
Each of the nominees expressed himself
as pledged to free silver. Tippett is re
puted to be affiliated with the American
Protective Association.
Gaston M. Ash of San Benito, D. M.
Baker, editor of the Santa Ana Standard,
J. F. Kinney of San Diego andJ . W. Mar
tin were nominated for Presidential elec
tors. After the first balJot Ash was with
drawn by Devling of San Benito, who
placed him in nomination. Upon the
fourth ballot Martin was declared the
choice.
JUNTA KNIFING MAGUIRE.
Mixed Condition of the Flgrht for
Delegates.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 16.— The
Daggett faction favors for delegates at
large: Thomas Geary, W. W. Foote,
Stephen M. White and James V. Coleman.
This would leave out Maguire, but it is
thought this scheme wiil not work, as
Maguire is probably too solid to be jostled
out of the place. The Junta men ere con
sidered hostile to Maguire, notwithstand
ing their action in nominating him for
Congress. '
DAIRYMEN AT FERNDALE.
The Annual Meeting of the
California Associa
tion.
Several Valuable Papers Are Read
by Old Hands in the
Business.
FERNDALE, Cai,., June 16.— The Cali
fornia Dairy Association convened here
to-day.
This section is conceded by all as the
most important butter sectW in the
State, and the average per acre and cow
eclipses ail rivalry.
The monthly output from the famous
Eel River Valley amouuts to about $75,000
per month for twenty creameries. Prior
to the dairying the people were engaged
in the grain business and were all on the
verge of bankruptcy; to-day they are
money-lenders.
The meeting was called to order by
James Smith as chairman who spoke ex
tensively on grasses, exhibiting many
kinds grown by him to determine which
was the best for feed. W. H. Roussel, as
sistant manager of uairymens' union, in a
very eloquent manner spoke upon the
the marketing and packing of butter,
short weight-packing and bad results of
imDortation of inferior Eastern grades.
Professor Jaffa read a well-written paper
on green manuring by Professor Hilgard.
The author proved himself to be a student
of no ordinary ability.
A resolution was passed that a monthly
bulletin be issued showing the amount of
butter and cheeae on hand at the date of
issue and stating how much Eastern stock
was imported during the month and by
whom, so far as possible.
R. P. Martin of Petaluma made an inter
esting address upon the use of the silo and
feedine ensilage. Professor Woodworth,
in an able address, entertained the con
vention at some length on bacteria. He
was followed by Professor Jaffa on an
analysis of some California creamery but
ters, illustrating by charts, showing the
relation of California to Eastern and
foreign butters.
He also made some acid tests of ripened
cream to show the proper point for churn
ing, and also an address entitled "Some
Studies in Cattle- Feeding."
The dairy bureau baa done good work in
the suppression of the manufacture and
sale of oleomargarine in this State, and
the next Legislature shonld continue the
bureau and make the necessary appropria
tion for its renewal. Senator F. Mc-
Gowan was one of the ablest supporters of
the bill to establish this bureau.
SERIDAN RUNAWAY
Tliree Person* Are Badly Injured -One
trill Probably Die.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 16. -Joseph
Neuratter and wife, accompanied by two
male friends, went for a drive this after
noon, and in attempting to turn a corner,
the whole party were thrown upon the hard
pavement. One of the men had his arm
broken. Mr. Neuratter was badly bruised
and his wife is now lying unconscious at
her home on Second street. Mrs. Neurat
ter struck on the back of her head, and it
is thought that her injuries will prove
fatal.
Two Jtankw flour Their Doors.
SPOKANE, Wash., June 16.— The First
National Bank and the Bank of Cheney,
at Cheney, in Spokane County, both closed
their doors this morning. The last named
institution is a private bank controlled by
D. F. Percival, who is also president of the
* irst National Bank. Percival is away, so
that the condition of the two banks can
not be learned. The deposits are small,
as the crash was not unloosed for.
Death at I'mns Orore.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 16.— Mrs.
Lydia W. Goodwin, wife of J. P. Goodwin
of San Francisco, died at her country
home at Perms Grove yesterday, aged 79
years. Mrs. Goodwin was a "native of
Rhode Island and came of an eminent
American family. Her maiden name was
Keller. Last July sne celebrated the
sixtieth anniversary of her wedding.
Tidal Wave in I urn Straits.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 16.— There was
every evidence of a tidal wave in Fuca
Straits yesterday. At 1 p. m., the keeper
of Carraanah liehthonse reports that the
water rose suddenly from three to four
feet and came pouring in over the huge
bowlders with a roar. The water then
gradually subsided to its natural level.
Brazil srrows half the coffee crop of the
worlu.
POPPER HAS
A SCHEME
He Would Incorporate the
Democratic Forces of
California.
ONE WAY OF BEATING
THE "REGULARS."
His Plan Is to Prevent Buckley's
Faction From Using the
Party Name.
CONVENTION. PROGRAMME IS
, ARRANGED.
Recommendations Submitted by the
Commttee on Order of
Business.
The Call's Headquarters, 614 X Street,)
Sacramento, Cal.., June 16. f
At a meeting of the committee on or
ganization and order of business to-night
in the parlor of the Golden Eagle a strik
ing innovation was incorporated in the
programme recommended to the conven
tion. It suggested the advisability of in
corporating the party.
Max Popper was the instigator of this
idea, the evident purpose being to prevent
the use of the party name by the Buckley
faction should it decide to bolt
Popper quietly eauntered into the com
mittee room while it was deliberating and
said there was considerable talk among
the "regulars" of putting up a ticket of
their own in San Francisco if they were
not given seats in the convention, and
then suggested that incorporation was the
way to prevent them using the party ap
pellation for their ticket. The report of
the committee as adopted to-night is as
follows:
We, the committee on nermanent organiza
tion and order of business, respectfully report
as follows:
First— We recommend that the temporary
officers cf this convention be made the per
manent officers thereof.
Second— Receiving the report of the com
mittee or. credentials.
Third— We recommend the following order
of business:
Appointment by the permanent chair
man of this convention of a committee of
thirty-live on platform and resolutions, and
recommend that all resolutions offered in this
convention be immediately referred to said
committee without previous reading or deoate.
B. Report of the committee on platform and
resolutions.
C. The election of four delegates at large to
the National Democratic Convention and four
alternates therefor.
D. The election of two Presidential electors
at large and two alternates tnerefor.
E. Receiving reports of the election of two
delegates to the Democratic National Conven
tion from each Congressional district and
two alternates therefor; receiving the report
of the selection of one Presidential Elector
from each Congressional district and an alter
nate for each of the same.
P. The nomination of a Democratic nominee,
for the office of Lieutenßnt-Governor of the'
State of California to fill the unexpired term
of S. G. Millanl, deceased.
G. The election of a State Central Commit
tee, two members from each Congressional
district end one member from each Assembly
district, providing that in counties embraced
within one Assembly district, each such
county shhll be entitled to one committeeman.
We recommend that the permanent chair
roan of this convention be empowered to ap
point twenty members at large of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee.
We further recommend that holders of prox
ies of members of the State Central Commit
tee shall be a member of such committee.
We recommend that the Democratic State
Central Committee be empowered to adopt
such constitution and by-laws as to them may
be deemed proper ior their own government
and the determination of all issues presented
to said committee.
We recommend that the Democratic State
Central Committee immediately investigate
and take all necessary steps looking to the in
corporation of our party organization, if by
them deemed advisable.
We recommend that the Democratic State
Central Committee chosen by this convention
be empowered to fill all the vacancies occur
ring in nominations made by this convention.
We recommend that all delegates to the Na
tional Democratic Convention, ani all alter
nates thereof and all Presidential electors and
alternates thereof, and other nominees of this
convention, appear before the seme and pledge
themselves to the platform adopted hereby,
absentees excepted when properly vouched for.
This report may be amended in some
minor details in the morning, as it is the
intention of the committee to have another
meeting before the convention is called to
order. _______________
SANTA ROSA FOOTPADS
Brutally Beat and Rob a Young
Farmer Living Near
Town.
The Victim Was Walking Home With
a Stranger, Who Met a
Confederate.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 16.— Early
this morning a young roan was lound
lying at the outskirts of town bleeding
and unconscious from severe wounds about
the bead. He proved to be Richard John
son, a farmer living near town, and he
was at once taken to the residence of his
mother, who lives in this city, and mcdi-
al aid summoned.
For several honrs the doctors despaired
of his life, but about noon he regained his
senses, and told how he received bis in
juries. He stated that he was go
ing home last night about 10
o'clock in company with a stranger.
The stranger appeared somewhat intox
icated and though Johnson had consider
able money in his pockets he had no fear
of footpads while in the company of his
newly found friend. They reached the
outskirts of town and were passing near a
wheat field west of the San Francisco
and North Paoitic railroad track, when
the young farmer was assailed by the
stranger and a confederate, who, after
beating biro over the bead with a blunt in
strument, robbed him of his money and
pitched him over the fence into the wheat
field.
To-night Mr. Johnson is somewhat bet
ter and was aDle to give a good description
of the man who was with him at the time
of tue brutal attack.
ANTI-FUNDING A MAIN ISSUE
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 16.— The Democracy of Southern California regard the
question of transportation and the money question as vital issues in this campaign,
and are in favor of the free and unlimited coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to I, the
foreclosure of the Government mortgages on the Pacific Railroads as well as the gen
eral regulation of the question of transportation in the interest of the people. The
delegation from the South will do all in its pow^r to secure unequivocal declarations
on these questions and to bring about harmony between the various elements in the
party. The wise statesman and politician looks beyond the convention, and to-night's
conferences will no doubt result in mutual concessions in the interest of united action
by the different elements. The conservative delegates are now trying to bring this
about. William alex Ryan.
THE SINKING OF THE HULKS.
The Boss stood on the burning deck;
His lambs they couldn't flee.
Said Buckley: "If you quit the wreck
You can't escape the sea.
"We'll plug the leaks and fight the fates
And run the craft kerplunk
Against the Junta's battered raft,
Till both the hulks are sunk.
"The gangs are doubly doomed, my ladsj
Die hard — but never pine !
We'll down together howling go —
Boss — Junta — in the brine."
ONE OF THE LAMBS.
Sacramento, Cal., June 16.
IDAHO DEMOCRATS MEET
State Convention Transacts Its
Business in One Day and
Adjourns.
The Platform Is Brief and Pointed,
With Silver at 16 to i the
Watchword.
POCATELLO, Idaho, June 16.— Fifty
delegates were present at the Democratic
State Convention to-day, accompanied by
a large number of distinguished visitors.
The convention was called to order at
11:30 a. m., and Watt of Blame, was elected
temporary chairman. Committees on
credentials, resolutions and permanent
organization and order of business were
appointed.
At the afternoon session Martin of Ada
was elected permanent chairman, and the
following resolutions in full were presented
for adoption :
Whereas, The delegates of Idaho are pro
foundly impressed with the overshadowing
importance of the financial question and be
lieve that all other political questions should
be subordinated to this one, and fully recog
nizing the enormity of the crime of 1873,
which has impoverished beyond measure the
producing class as well as reduced them to
financial bondage; therefore be it
Resolved, That we reaffirm our devotion to
the principles of Democracy as tausjht by
Jefferson and Jackson, and that we demand
tne Immediate restoration of the free and un
limited coinage of gold and silver at the
present legal ratio of 16 to 1, as such coinage
existed prior to 1873, without waiting for the
action of any other nation on earth; such gold
and silver to be full legal tender for all deDts,
public and private.
Resolved, Thtt we hail with delight the
efforts of the masses of the Democratic party
now being made in so many of our sister
States to emancipate themselves from the
domination of the Republican financial policy
which has been the cause oi so much distress
and destitution, and that to these brethren and
to the friends of free stiver- everywhere we
sena greeting and urge that their colors never
be lowered until the battle is won.
Resolved, That the delegates of this conven
tion be, and they are hereby instructed to sup
port no man for the nomination for President
or Vice-President who does not indorse the
views expressed in those resolutions and
pledge himself to carry out the same, and that j
Before you skip
Before you skip out on your summer vacation you'd
better see us. VACATION suits are our greatest
stronghold. Nowhere on the shores of the
Pacific will you find such a variety. And as to
prices—well !
Imagine yourself a dealer about to buy
ioo suits of a kind. You'd get them
pretty low now,: wouldn't you ? Get
them, likely, tat about half the
usual retail prices. .■[. .
At just such a price we'll sell
you one suit. See our card :
BROWN^-
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon City Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Set. Bush and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
The stuff that a retailer can
afford to sell at $5 we don't
keep. Our $5 vacation suits are known
as $8 to $10 suits elsewhere. See us before you go.
our delegation vote as a unit on all questions
in said convention.
Before these resolutions were adopted
Rich of Bear Lake was on the floor and
offered the following, to be added to the
resolutions:
Resolved, That we condemn in unmeasured
terms that financial part of President Cleve
land's administration that truckles to the de
basement of silver, and particularly denounce
as criminal the cowardly and indiscriminate
course of John G. Carlisle, its Secretary of the
Treasury, in pandering to the selfish interests
of the moneyed sharks of America and Kng
land by refusing to exercise the discretion
given him by law to pay the National obliga
tion in coin.
Fiery speeches followed on both sides,
and Rich finally withdrew his amendment,
saying the delegates were afraid .to go on
record.
The following delegates were selected to
the National Convention at Chicago: Bar
ry Diilam, Sbosbone; H. C. Shafer, Latah;
Joseph C. Rich, Bear Lake; George V.
Bryan, Blame; Tim Hegan, Ada: dele
gate at large, William H. Watt of Blame.
For National Committeeman George Ains
lee of Ada was elected over Hy Turner of
Boise by a vote of 51 to 14,
The convention then adjourned.
The headquarters of the Idaho delega
tion will be the Palmer House, Chicago.
SILVER STERING COMMITTEE.
Plan to Make the Fre* Coinage Men
Effective at Chicago.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 16.-Sena
tor Jones of Arkansas, who beads the Ar
kansas delegation to the Chicago conven
tion and who is one of the leading men in
the silver movement, has invited each sil
ver delegation to the convention to send
one representative to Chicago to meet in
conference there on Tuesday, June 30.
Th Is body of men will be in the nature of
a steering committee. It will meet dele
gates upon their arrival and have general
charge of the interests of the silver forces
at Chicago.
One of the objects of the early meeting
of this conference is to'watch the action
of the executive committee of the Na
tional Democratic Committee and the full
committee itself, so that any action may
not be taken adverse to the interests of
the silver forces. Senator Jones' purpose
is to leave no point unguarded by which
the silver forces may receive a setback by
any action of the anti-silver contingent of
the party.
Demands free Coinage.
BANGOR, Me., June 16.— The Demo
crats of the Fourth District to-day nomi
nated A. J. Chase of Sebac for Congress
ana declared for "free coinage at 16 to 1."CONSECRATED AT
SACRAMENTO
Rev. Father Thomas Grace
Is Ordained a
Bishop.
A BEAUTIFUL CEREMONY
That Tcok Place in the Pres
ence of a Large Con
gregation.
THE CATHEDRAL DECORATED.
Archbishop Riordan Performed the
Ceremony, Assisted by Other
Prominent Fathers.
BACRAMENTO, Cal., June I<s.— This
morning, as the bells in tue Cathedral of
the Holy Sacrament, were chiming — peal
ing their solemn melodies far out over the
city— the Very Rev. Father Thomas Grace,
"Vicar-General of this Catholic diocese, was
consecrated as Bishop in the presence of a
vast congregation.
Bishop Manogue's successor took the
oath of obedience to the mother church,
and in return was crowned and received
the golden crozier of his pastorate. The
new prelate was consecrated by Archbishop
Riordan, D T\, assisted by Bishop Mont
gomery of Los Angeles and Bishop Scan
lan of Salt Lake, and Fathers Hunt and
Walsh, chaplains of the Bishop-elect.
Aside from the prelates officiating there
was a iarge attendance of priests and
regulars of the various orders from many
points on the coast. Most elaborate
j-reparations had been made for the cere
mony, which undoubtedly is surrounded
with more imposing solemnity than any
other ceremony in the rubric of the Catho
lic church. The interior of the church
edifice was decorated with a profusion of
flowers for the occasion.
Tbe great altar and the altars of St.
Mary and St. Joseph were dra7>ed in white,
while here and there golden spangles
added a glittering effect to the scene.
All in all the ensemble of architecture, ;
floral decorations, candelabra, and the j
crimson, pnrple. goid and white robes of j
the participants in the consecration, com- i
pleteu one of the most picturesque and ;
impressive scenes ever witnessed inasimi- j
lar ceremony.
During the consecration and investiture, j
which consumed over three hours, a most,
dramatic scene was enacted.
As the organ peeled forth a joyous vol
untary tbe doors of the sacristy opened
and the procession entered the sanctuary,
headed by the cross-bearer and acolytes.
At this time a procession had marched,
down the main aisles of the cathedral — |
the Children of Mary, led by J. E. Hook l
and C. T. Hughes, r.eading the column.
In turn followed the Ladies' Relief So- j
ciety. the Young Ladies' Institute, Coun- i
cilsNos. 11 and 17. Young Men's Institute, i
Catholic Knights of America, Ancient ]
Ord»T of Hibernians and the Portuguese
Union of California. At no other time |
during the ceremony was a stronger im- j
i.ression made on the assembled congre
gation than at this moment.
The Archbishops, Bishops and clergy !
came into view through the doors of the |
sacristy. Archbishop Riordan was in full
]>ontiticalß, with golden miter, chasuble, j
crozier, alb, pallium and girdle. Bishops |
Montgomery and Scanlan had whiJe j
rafters and chasubles. The different ;
priests officiating were magnificently
ro^ed. In addition were many acolyt6s in
purple cassocks and white lace surplices.
Secular priests from all over the Pacific 1
Slope were In attendance, their presence
adding greatly to the solemnity of the oc- j
casion. With the first burst of melody the ;
procession of robed priests took up their j
respective places, Archbishop Riordan in
the center facn^ the congregation, and
Fatoer Grace, led by two assistant Bish- j
ops, was led before him, where he stood j
with uncovered head.
Leaving the Bishop-elect, the assistants !
seated to the right and left, where th-y j
remained for a moment and then turned
to Archbishop Riordan and said, both
speaking together: "Most Reverend Fath- |
er, our holy mother, the Catholic Church, j
asks that you promote this priest here j
present to the burden of the episcopate." j
Archbishop Riordan then asked for the j
apostolic mandate, which was pr sented j
and read, and then Father Grace, bowing j
himself before the audience, promised to
teach his people both by words and ex- |
ample the things he understood from the I
divine Scripture, that he would refrain i
from all evil and direct bis followers to all I
good; that be would give up worldly mat- '
ters and devote himself to divine affairs; |
th«t be would teach himself, and that he \
would teach humility and patience,
chastity and sobriety, and that he would
be affable and merciful to the poor.
Voices in the choir then rang out in a
song of praise, and the Archbishop knelt
and said: "May the Lord bestow
upon thee all these things and every good
thing and preserve thee and strengthen
thee in goodness."
All present answered this prayer with a
feeling "Amen."
At the conclusion of this part of the im
pressive ceremony Father Grace knelt
and kissed the Hand of the Archbishop.
This was followed by the consecrator
praying the blessing of God upon the
Bishop-elect and all present. He then
bent down and repeated the litanies. When
all had arisen from their knees Archbishop
Kiordan annoiuted the head of Father
Grace and consecrated him Bishop of the
Diocese of Sacramento. As he anointed
him he said :
"May he be tilled with the power of thy
spirit and outwardly may he be clothed
with that same spirit. May constant
faith, pure love, sincere piety abound in
him. May his feet by thy gift be beauti
ful for announcing the glad tidings of
peace, for announcing the glad tidings of
thy good things. Grant him, O Lord, the
ministry of reconciliation in word and in
deed, in the power of signs and of
wonders. Let his speech and his preach
ing be not in the persuasive words of
human wisdom, but in the showing of the
spirit aid of power. Give to him, O Lord,
the keys of the kingdom of heaven, so
that he make use of, not boast of, the
power of which thou bestowest unto edifica
tion, not unto destruction. Whatsoever he
shall bind upon earth, let it be bound like
wise in heaven, and whatsoever he shall
loose upon earth, let it likewise be loosed
in heaven. Whose sins he shali retain, let
them be retained, aud do thou remit the
CONSECRATION OF BISHOP GRACE AND IMPOSING CEREMONIES AT SACRAMENTO YESTERDAY.
sins of whomsoever he shall remit. Let
him who shall curse him, himself be ac
cursed, and let him who shall bless him be
filled with blessings. Let him be the faith
ful and prudent servant whom thou dost
set, O Lord, over thy household, so that
he may give them food in due season and
prove himself a perfect man. May
he be untiring in his solicitude,
fervent in spirit. May he detest pride and
cherish humility and truth and never de
sert it, overcome either by flattery or by
fear. Let him not put light for darkness
nor darkness for light; let him not call
evil good nor good evil. May he be a
debtor to the wise and to the foolish, that
he may gather fruit from the progress of
all. Grant him, O Lord, an episcopal
chair for ruling thy church and the people
committed to him. Be his author
ity, be his power, be his strength. Mul
tiply upon him thy blessing and thy grace,
so by tby gift he may be fitted for always
obtaining thy mercy, and by thy grace
may he be faithful. Through our Lord
Jesus Christ, who liveth and reigneth in j
the unity of. one God, world without end. j
Amen."
The Archbishop, then making the sign j
of the cross, continued:
"In the name of God, the Father, and
of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, makinc j
the image of the holy cross of our saviour, I
Jesus Christ, who has redeemed us from
death and led us to the kingdom of
heaven. Hear us, O loving, almighty
father, eternal God. and grant that we
may obtain what we ask for through the
same Christ, our Lord. May God and tbe
father of our lord, Jesus Christ, who
halh himself willed to elevate thee!
to fie dignity of tbe episcopate, bedew i
i ea witli Chrism and with the liquor of
mystic ointment and make thee fruitful
with the richness of spiritual benediction.
Whatsoever you shall bless may it be
blessed, and whatsoever you shall sanctify
may it be sanctified, and may the imposi
tion of this consecrated hand and thumb
be profitable in all thintrs unto salvation."
The Archbishop then arose and after
sprinkling the miter placed it upon the
head of Bishop Grace, saying: "We, O
Lord, place on the head of this, thy Bishop
and champion, the helmet of protection
and salvation, so that his face being
adorned and his head armed with the
horns of both testaments, he may seem
terrible to the opponents of truth, and
through the induleence of thy grace may
be their sturdy adversary, thou who didst
mark with the brightest rays of thy splen
dor and truth the countenance of Moses
tby servant, ornamented ffom his fellow- j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896.
shin for thy word, and didst order the
tiara to be placed on the head of Aaron,
thy High Priest. Through Christ our
Lord. Amen."
After Archbishop Riordan had an
nointed Father Grace Bishop of the dio
cese of Sacramento. Bishop Montgomery
of Los Angeles stepped into the pulpit and
delivered the consecration sermon. He
spoke of the prevalence in every man of a
supernatural sense, and that God and
religion confronted him at every turn, and
demanded recognition.
The Catholic church had for 1800 years
and longer been the most powerful or
ganization in spiritual matters, yet men
antagonistic to it through not understand
ing it had built up religions of their own
and founded upon moral laws formulated
upon plans of their own creation.
The New Teestament, which all Chris
tians hold to be divine, definitely teaches
that the church established by Christ was
j a visible, living organism, speaking with
j the authority of Christ.
The speaker referred to the suffering on
the cross of the Son of God, and his say
ing, "I am the way, the truth and the
life." To-day we witness in the most im
pressive manner the distinct a t nd essen
tial, organism of the cnurch. Every
priest and every bishop can trace
from the imposing hands laid upon him
that lineal succession of the premises
made to the Apostles.
Concluding, the speaker said: "To
you, Eight Reverend Bishop Grace, and
to you, dear brethren, the loving apiritual
children of your Bishop, I need only say
I believe you are the choice of the people,
as you are the choice of the priests of this
diocese, and, as I happen to know, the
unanimous choice of the Archbishop and
bishops of this province. May you
be, as I know you will be, a worthy
successor to the lirst saintly Bishop
I of this diocese, and of the large-hearted
! IHshop Munogue, your immediate prede
! cessor. Dear brethren, uphold and
| strengthen the hands of your chief spirit- j
ual guide in all that he shall attempt for j
the advancement of the church and in j
building up the body of Clirist in your '
souls; for the disposition of charity to alii
men ; and a loving and loyal citizenship of I
j our country, till we shall meet in unity of j
I faith, at least in the higher citizenship of j
| man's true home and country."
Among the visiting Catholic clergy who :
! participated in the consecration" wore |
! noticed: Rev. Father Mulhall of Mari- i
j posa, Rev. Fatner Gabriel Suarez of j
Freeport; Rev. J. Gleason of Jackson, j
I Araador County; Rev. William Maloney
| of Sutter Creek, Rev. M. Riley of San ;
i Andreas, Rev. P. Guerin of Sonora; |
j Rev. J. Dermodv of Reno, Nev. ; i
Rev. D, Gartland, Mason City, Nev.; Rev. '
I I). O'Donn.l!. Gold Hill, N'ev. ; Rev. B.
McKeeley. Placerville; Rev. J. O'Meara, j
Lincoln, Placer County; Rev. P. Clyne, !
Nevada City; Rev. P. Vanachie, Auburn; !
Rev. P. Greely. Grass Valley; Rev.
i I). Meagher, Forest Hill ; Very Rev.
lA. M. Lynch, V. G.. Grass Val-
I ley; Rev. M. Colcman, Marysville;
j Rev. Laurence Kennedy, Ku reka, Hum- ;
I bwldt County; Rev. J. J. Hynes, Wood- i
land; Rev. J. F. Quinn , Yivka; Rev. C. C.
McGrath, Red Bluff; Rev. Francis Rev
| noids, Willows; Rev. M. W r alrath, Colusa;
Rev. M. Gualco, Chico; Rev. Father
I lialley, Halfmoon Bay; Rev. Father
King, Oakland ; Rev. Father Power,
L vermore: Rev. Father Griffin, Dixon;
Rev. Fatner Hudson, Gilroy; Revs. !
Scanlan, Larkin, Kirby, Cummings, I
Yorke, Wyman and Mulligan of San j
Francisco; Rev. Father Suarez, Yreka;
Revs. Titus and Augustine of the Fran
! ciscan Church in this city and Revs.
Hunt, Greeley and Walsh of the Cathe-
I dral of tue Holy Sacrament.
ROW BETWEEN CHINESE.
One Get* His Head Badly nattered, the
Other floes to Jail.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., June 16.— A
Chinaman known as Salvation CJiarley
wan assaulted to-day by a fellow-country
man, who beat him over the head with a
pistol, inflicting a serious gash.
Cnarley's assailant fled to tije woods and
was chased by the City Marshal and Sher
iff and a Constable, as well as two Mon
golians, who were armed with pistols. It
was a hot pursuit, during which a dozen
or more shots were fired, and the Sheriff
finally captured the fleeing Chinaman. No
one was hurt.
Ab Cue, the arrested Chinaman, says he
was pounced upon and beaten by Charley
ami a partner previous to his assailing the
former. Trouble over money matters was
[ tbe cause of the row.
PROGRESS OF THE
SAN JOSE CONTEST.
A Day Consumed in Read
ing Noah Pomeroy's
Deposition.
MRS. PARKER REVIEWED
Deponent and His Wife Satisfied
That She Was Untruthful
and Unchaste.
TURNED HER FROM THEIR HOME
Mr. Pomeroy Was for Twenty-Four
Years a Partner of George H.
Parker.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 16.— The entire
day in the Parker will contest was taken
up with the reading of the deposition of
Noah Pomeroy, the deceased husband of
Jane Pomeroy and a brother-in-law of the
late George H. Parker. Noah Pomeroy
started from Hartford, Conn., to be a wit- i
ness in the case, but was taken ill and died
in San Francisco.
Tue deposition nave Mrs. Emma L. Par- !
ker, the contestant, a bard reputation, j
and told how after a carefvil investigation |
the deponent and his wife became satis- j
tied that she was untruthful and unchaste, j
and ordered her from the house.
In his deposition Noah Pomeroy stated j
he was ~H years of age and gave his address !
&■< 64H Asvlin avenue, Hartford, Conn. He J
stated that he was the husbaiui of Mrs. |
Jane Pomeroy. He was engaged in the
business of a clock manufacturer for thirty
yeara. and for twenty-four years of this |
time George H. Parker was his partner in j
business.
Parker, Mr. Pomeroy said, married a Miss
Hill as tjis first wife. At the time of his
first wife's death witness believed Parker
to be worth about J2500 to $WOO. He be
came a member of witnees' family subse
quent to his first wife's death.
After his second marriage Parker re- I
sided in Bristol. Alter his removal to j
California witness saw him again about !
18W. Witness was not Daid by anybody j
for G. H. Parker's board or that of his j
family. Edward Parker became a mem
ber of witness' family after George
Parker returned to California for the
second time. Witness regarded Edward
practically as his own son. Mrs. Pomeroy
paid for Edward's board and college ex
penses. Witness pot Edward a position
after he left school. Afterward Edward
went to California to visit his father, I
and was gone about a year; his
father returned East with him. His
father furnished Edward with $8000 !
capital at that time, to set him up in busi- j
jrtss. Altogether his father gave him j
about $20,000. While on visits East Georee j
H. Parker stayed at witness' house, wit- i
ness' wife Deing Parker's only sister. Wit- |
ness last saw Parker in the spring of 1893. i
That year he died.
Edward married in 1873. Edward de- j
clared his intention previously of marry- !
ing the widow of George L. Brown, and at ■
the time mentioned he did so.
Edward said his future wife had means, j
They were married in N«w York and lived
at witness' house until he turned them out.
Witness told Edward he must take his wife
away from the hous-e and never let ncr
darken the doors again. Mr. and Mrs.
Pomeroy took this step after satisfying !
themselves that Edward's wife was un
truthful and unchaste.
In 1874 George H. Parker paid California
another visit lor the special purpose of
discovering what kind of a wife his son
had married.
CITY COUNCIL CONTEST.
The Court Finds That J. F. Fay la En
titled to o Seat.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 16.— The contest
of J. P. Fay (Republican) against Homer
Pnndle (Independent) for a seat in the
City Council from the Second Ward came
up before Judge Lorigan this morning for
a settlement of the findings and the de
cree.
Attorney Cothran, who represented
i Prindle, objected to the jurisdiction of the
court in the matter and moved that the
cause be dismissed. Ha cited a decision
made in Los Angeles County under the
old constitution, in which it was
decided that the Common Council
was the sole judge of the election returns
and the judge of the qualifications of its
members to sit in its meeting?. This
ruling, it was maintained by Mr. Cothran,
was not altered by the effect of subsequent
provisions in the new constitution, as the
adoption of the new constitution in 1879
approved a like provision in the charter of
the city of San Jose.
Judge Lorigan denied the motion to dis
miss and showed where the ease cited had
been overruled by the Supreme Court. In
deciding the matter the court said that trie
pouches or envelopes containing the
ballots, together with the ballots
therein, tally - sheets, the poll - lists
unused and the spoiled ballots, were
produced in court and were ail intact and
in the same condition as when delivered
to the City Clerk by the several boards of
election, and in nowise interfered or tam
pered with.
The court further rinds, upon a recount
of the votes cast at said election, that the
said J. P. Fay received 380 legal votes cast
at said election in said ward, and the said
Homer Pnndle received 37b" legal votes.
The court finds that said J. P. Fay was
duly elected Councilman from said Second
Ward and that said Homer Prindle waa
not elected, and that said Homer Prindle
is now holding and exercising said office
and performing the duties thereof.
As conclusions of law the court finds
a judgment establishing the fact
that said J, P. Fay was elected to the
office of Councilman in the Second Ward
at the municipal election held tn said
city on the 13th day of April, 181)6, and en
titled to use, hold and exercise the said
office and perform the duties thereof com
mencing Irom the entry of judgment
herein.
The case will probably be appealed.
DIVORCE GRANTED
liosa A. Kretizrr Srcurcm a Separation
From Her Husband.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 16.— Rosa A.
Kreuzer was to-day granted a divorce from
Frank Kreuzer. They were married about
two years ago. At the time of her mar
riage the plaintiff was Rosa Voltz and was
possessed of some means.
She owned ten acres of land at the junc
tion of the Mount Hamilton road and
Alum Rock avenue. Ou one corner of the
place was a saloon, and here she installed
Kreuzer as landlord. The latter failed to
appreciate his good fortune, and soon
began to maltreat his wife.
After numerous quarrels Mrs. Kreuzer
began suit for divorce. There were no
children and no community property, and
all Mrs. Kreuzer asKed was an absolute
divorce, which Judge Lorigan granted her
to-day.
THE RIGHT OF WAY.
Two Suits TJtcidnd in Favor of the San
Jnaquin Valley Railroad.
MERCED, Cat-., June 16.— Two con
demnation suits here, brought by the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
road Company, for right of way fourteen
miles south of Merced, have juat been de
cided.
The one against Joseph King for seven
teen acres, wherein he demanded $14,000,
the jury awarded $1254.
In the one against Nettie Price, wherein
she demanded $3200 for nine acres, the jury
awarded $573 50.
The only other suit necessary for the
company to* have a clear right of way from
Stockton to Fresno is in Madera County,
where E. Hatch of San Jose demands $3000
for twelve acres of land assessed at about
$5 per acre. That case is set for next Mon
day. •
Eva Evans Is Free.
VISA LI A, Cal., June 16.— Eva Evans,
daughter of Chris Evans, the convicted
bandit, was to-day granted a divorce from
her soldier husband, John W. Evans, on
the ground of desertion.
Borrow on sealskins, silks and jewels at t'nele
Harris', 15 Gram avenue.
FINE WEATHER
IN SANTA CRUZ
Everything Is in Readiness
for the Water
Carnival.
CROWDS ON THE BEACH
Hundreds of Visitors Are Arriv
ing on Every Incoming
Train.
THE CITY IN GALA ATTIRE.
Everybody Is Looking Forward to
a Ssason of Joy and
Pleasure.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jane 16.— A1l this
long beautiful June day Pacific avenue,
the main thoroughfare of Santa Cruz, has
been a gay promenade. There is an ab
sence of the bustle of a business day and
none of the quiet of a Sabbath. But a
joliy, happy, careless throng of citizens
and visitors, full of the spirit of the carni
val season and dressed as only this beauti
ful June weather permits.
Younsr ladies in bright summer frocks,
their elders in less showy and perhaps
more substantial fabrics, but all of them
gowned in happy harmony with the bright
sunshine. Such weather as it is and has
been for three days just passed has never
been known in Santa Cruz, and yet this
city boasts of the mildest and most appre
ciative carnival weather in the whole
great State of California.
Down on the warm white sands of the
beach people havj been gathered all day.
Indolent people they are, to be sure. But
indolence is their pleasure. They are i
idly waiting for the morrow — waiting to I
sue the beginning of the carnival,
waiting to see the grand parade of j
the bluejackets from the Philadelphia !
and the Monadnock, waiting for i
the miniature of the battle of Bunker Hill
that will form the concluding feature of
the celebration of that bit of revolutionary
history, to be introduced by an address
from Irving M. Scott, the man who has
builded warships that would have been I
impossible in the days of the revolution or j
even in the late War of the Rebellion.
Mr. Scott came here at noon to-day and
is enjoying a quiet, restful outing. This
afternoon, in a cool, darkened room at the
Sea Beach Hotel, lounging comfortably on
a couch, with nothing to do but rest,
without an apparent care, he expressed
the opinion that Santa Cruz was a greatly
favored city to have so advantageous a
location drt the lazy San Lorenzo for a
series of water fetes.
"And the crowds are coming," he said.
"The train I came on over the narrow
gauge was loaded and all along the way
from Alaraada pier to Santa Cruz the
people are talking of the carnival."
Mr. Scott drifted slowly from the carni
val to the subject of warships, and con
gratulated the Naval Reserve of this City
on the opportunity afforded to learn from
practical men much that will be valuable
to them in their training.
Besides the pleasure that shall be every
body's when the gallant officers and blue
jacKetsfrom the warships appear on Pa
cific avenue in the grandest of all the
grand parades this city or any other in
California has ever seen.
A number of the officers of the vessels
were on the streets to-day and bluejack
ets were plentiful and eood-natured, en
joying their leave of absence from ship
duty, mingling with the citizens and ex
pressine their good wishes lor the success
of the carnival.
Lieutenant-Commander Ingersoll, Sur
geon Steele and Chaplain Edmonson of
[the Philadelphia came ashore and were
entertained informally and introduced by
! Lieutenant - Governor Jeter and Judge
! Logan to a number of prniinent people.
They chatted pleasantly of the event
which is honored by the presence of the
shins in the bay, and watched with inter
! est'the inspection of the floats and barges
! that were lined up near the Queen's
throne. Alongside lay the Monitor and
the Merrimac toys in miniature of tue
once great sea-fighters of the rebellion.
The visitors smiled at the contrast be
tween these toys and the great white ships
| lying in the bay.
To-morrow the gallant officers and jolly
! Muepckets of the Philadelphia and the
Monadock will come ashore, and with a
j seriousness and skill that will produce a
| realistic color in the picturesque parade of
i the afternoon.
Tbe parade will form at the foot of Pa
• cine avenue, and will move at 2p. m. The
i line of march will be from the foot of the
j avenue to Lower Plaza, countermarch'ng
i to the arena for review by Grand Marshal
i Rice.
The order of the parade will be: First
division— Grand marshal and aids, bat
talion from United States cruiser Phila
delphia and Monadnock; Lieutenant-Com
mander Inger^oll, United States navy,
chief of battalion; battalion Staff-Adju
tant Ensign K. H. Cnmpbell; ordnance
officer, Gunner H. E. Eihiers; chief
of pioneers, Carpenter Otto Barth; surgeon,
Passed Assistant (Surgeon F. K. Hesler;
Sergeant-Major, Paul Herrmann, chief
quartermaster. Pioneers — Chief Car
penter, Mate Richard Hastrich and
eighteen petty officers. Bund — Band
master. Can Grosskurth; chief musician,
Gustav Liese; and sixteen musicians.
First Company of Infantry — Thirty
six non - commissioned officers and
privates P. S. M. C, Captain
Rudolph Dicken, commanding; Lieu
tenant H. S. Leinore. Second Company
infantry, thirty-six petty officers and .sea
men, Ensign R. E. Coontz commanding;
Third Company Infantry, forty-eight petty
officers and teamen, Ensign G. vV. Hay
ward commanding; Color Guard, two chief
petty officers, first class; chief boatswains,
mate, F. Locke, bearer of National col
ors. Fourth Comoany Infantry's thirty-six
petty officers and seamen, Naval Cadet P.
M. Bannon commanding. Fifth Company
Infantry, thirty-six petty officers and
seamen, Lieut. M. H. Beecher command
ing. Seventh Company Intantry Uni
ted States Steampship Monadnock, thirty
six petty officers and seamen. Ensign M.
M. CaJdwell commanding; Hospital
Corps, Apothecary Dietz and eight
stretcher-bearers: Fourth Gun Division.
.-....-  • -I^D. ■ r:, ... ....
FINIGaN— In this city, June 16, 1896, Henry J.,
dear I v beloved son of the late Henry and Mar-
garet Flnlgan, a native of San Francisco, aged 16
years and 11 months. - '
jefyThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Tuursday), at 8:30; o'clock a. m.. , from the
. family residence, 323 Eighteenth street, thence
to Mission Do!or?s Church, where a requiem
' mass will be . celebrated < for ■ the repose -of • his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.- ,
HOBBS-In this city, June ' 16. <1898. of scarlst
fever. J. K. ('. Hobbs Jr., youngest sou of J. K.
and Hettie N. Hoobs. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged '2 years and ft months. - .
Hf»"lntermeDt private, at Masonic Cemetery,
THIS (Wednesday) AFTERNOON.
MULLEN— In this eiiy, June : 16. "1896, Mrs.
I Honora Mullen, a native lof ListoweU. County
. Kerry, Ireland) aged S2 years 8 months and 16
days. ■ - ' ■ ""'•■""" '■''■" ■:-'■' ;
Naval Battalion, N. G. C, Lieu
tenant 'A. A. Morey commanding;
Second Division, Roncovieri's baud,
Wallace Reynolds Post, <i. A. It.; Sons of
Veterans. In carriages — Rear- Admiral
Bcardslee, commander Pacific squadron,
with staff; Captaiu G. W. Sumner, U. S.
N., command United States Bteamer Mon
ad nock, and officers; Captain C. S. Cot
ton, U. S. N., commanding flagship Phila
delphia.
While the streets to-night are ablaze
with electric lights and at the pahice and
throne of Queen Josephine there is a
mimic presentation of greater mimicry
that will occur to-torrow night. Wnile
hundreds of people are promenading Paci
fic avenue and other hundreds are enjoy
ing the pleasure of getting acquainted
with the events that are to come
and inspecting the now floats and
barges in the river some 300 citizens were
welcoming Admiral Beardslee and his
staff and the officers of warships at the
Sea Beach Hotel. It was a pretty gather
ing of ladies and gentlemen, who right
royally welcomed the visiting seamen to
the city and bade them partake of all the
pleasures that the thousands of people are
coming to witness.
T. ( e parlors of the great hotel were filled
with the gue<ts and tho people who had
come to bid them welcome. Mayor
Clark, assisted by Mr. and Mrs. John R.
Chsce, did the honors of presentation.
Under the charming influence of music
by the Sea B acn orchestra, the formal
introduction was succeeded by social con
verse that was a pieasure to both guests
and hosts.
The parlors were beau trolly decorated
with foliage and the ladies handsomely
gowned. Bright, sparkling anJ cheering
was the conversation for an hour, when
the party repaired to the ballroom and
ended the very pleasant evening with a
dance.
Charged With Insanity.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 16.— Johanna
Oisen, who has been employed about the
city as a domestic for some time, was ar
rested last night on a cbarne of insanity.
Recently she has been boarding at
58 Nortn Third street, and tho last two
or three ilays she has done nothing
j but walk around the house singing and
praying. The woman imagines she has
committed some terrible crime and is
about to be punished for it. She is a na
tive of Sweden and about 35 years of age.
She has no relatives in this Oily. Her ex
amination is set for to-morrow."
Jg rfP UDGE FOR YOUR-
self whether it is best to have your face
filled with pimples and blood blotches or
whether you would prefer a clean face and
a good blood. If you decide for the latter
use
TESTIMONIAL,.
The Edwin "W. Joy Company— Gentle-
men: I have just completed the second
bottle of your Vegetable Sarsaparilia. 1,
have had catarrh for years, which affected
my eyes, hearing and stomach. Frequent-
ly would have dull headaches for days at
a time. Since taking your remedy I have
felt no disagreeable symptom.
Trusting you will publish this, as I want
any one suffering from any of the above
symptoms to be benefited. Kindly send
me two more bottles by return express.
(Signed.)
MR. FREDERICK DE RICHMOND,
. ' Seattle, Wash.
| Tennis Watches
I Special designs for trophies >
I for the ladies. Oxidized steel ?
) cases, with emblems in gold /
C and silver. Unique and beau- \
? tiful, but not very expensive. S
I We can show you a good <
< line of these outing watches J
\ • — if you call this week. \
> r^% $
S THE WATZRBURT WATCH CO. S
\ Sew Office in the Mills San Francisco, Cal. \
illliiil
ATTENTION, REPUBLICANS.
A GRAND MEETING FOR THE PURPOSF
of ratifying the nominations made fit St. Louis
will be held at th« Mechanics' Pavilion HATL'K-
DAY EVENING, June '*0. All Republican or-
ganizations wishing 10 take part are requested to
communicate with the Kxecutive Committee. 850
Market st. JOHN M. CHRKTIE.V, . . .
Chairman .Executive Committee.
• Grove P. Aykrs,
secretary Executive Committee.
TOO I- AT K FOR CLASSIFICATION.
mo SKI.L \BI^!N!>SUKAN X . KINDQIUK
1 for cash see STHAND & BAILEY, 917 Market.
d I OtV FRUIT QRKAT B.iRUAIsT
<|P LZD. See SlR\Nl> & BAiLEY.9I7 Market.
C^'^^A SALOON AM' LUNCHHOUBK: OLD
-SOU. established: chpap rent: clears *76 per
mouth. STRANO <fc 1:A11.!.Y.917 Market st.
. ffi OOEL COFFEE SALOON; CLEARS $80
UOZO. per month. STRAND & BAILEY.
917 Market st. . ._
<2« IHZ. ■ BBAiNCH . BAKERY: BARGAIN.
«$) L i O. STRAND! BAII.KY, 917 Market
XPOH BARGAINS IN LODUING-HOUSES SEE
JP STRAND &HAILEY, 917 Market st. •
T ANTE u— SIT! AD Y MAN TO ASSIST I.V
>• store and make himself useful in cash basin-
ess; salary 75 per month: must have $350 cash.
St« STRAND & BAILKY, 917 Market St.
ffijTonrT butcher-shop: tkadk ofjsO
isl£\J\J. to $60 a day: this place is well fitted
up and everything complete lor the business; 3
horses, 1 wagon, 2 carts; great bnrsuin: cheap at
$2000. See STRAND & KAILKY, 917 Market St.
OR A L~K~"S A LOT) N AND HANDBAIL
\ court: one of the best w*st of New York; mint
be sold on account of other business. For particu-
lars apply 733 Howard st., from 10 to 12 a. m., or
call 773 Market st., T.McM AN CS.
pOL'NTRY HOUSE. FUiTNIiHED; USE OF
\J land, horses, cow.fowls, etc ; beautiful, healthy
situation; $25; Wright. Addr House, box 63,
Call Office. : .,...-,
pEBMAN GIRL WISHES A POSITION FOR
\J general housework; can do sewing. I Address
254 Jessie St., grocery store. . . ' .
UENA , VISTA WILL i ENTERTAIN TO-
X) night at 14 McAllister, room 18: sittings dally.
tIISHOP GARRISON TO-NIGHT; 1270 MA
i-> ket St.; grand seance: test conditions; 25c.
56
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
»aily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .fO- 18
Sally and Sunday Cam,, one year, by mall — 6.-00
Jaily and Sunday Call, six month*, by mall.. 3.00
3aily and Sunday CALi,, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
lunday Cam,, one year, by mall I- 60
M'bskly Call, one year, by mall » IiCO
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
a, it Is no (rouble for us to forward THE CALL to
rour address. Do not let it miss you for you will
Dlss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
SO EXTKA CHAKOE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Ci.pnone :..... ;.;!v Mafn-186»
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone .^ Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larki? street; open until 9:30 o'clock. .
fcW\ corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
• mil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
118 Mnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
80S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
rooms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, Xew York City-
DAVIi; M. FOLTZ, Special Ag-ent.
JVEDNKSDAY JUNE 77, 1898
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The Call leads.
We are first at Sacramento.
There are no fakes in our dispatches.
The Nation hangs on the telegraph
wires.
The Call speaks for all and speaks
promptly.
Trie whole country will listen to-day to
hear from St. Louis.
Sacramento convention news is hot stuff
and we serve it warm.
There is no question that Tom Platt
knows now to hold his own.
Next to seeing the conventions, the best
thine is to read of them in The Call.
This will be a great week for oratory,
an! po«ibly there will be some eloquence
in it.
Join a Republican club at once and be
ready to take part in tbe great ratification
rally.
There was once a Democratic conven
tion at Stockton— but why pursue the
theme.
Tbe Federal bri-ade will not ask an in
dorsement ior G rover. They have sucked
him dry.
The Suckleyites left San Francisco as
iambs but are showing up in Sacramento
ac tigers.
The Buckleyite is not particular about
getting a convention seat in a conven
tional way.
it begins to look as if aft?r this campaign
there would be bardly enough democrats
left for seed.
The first session of the St. Louis conven
tion was short, and it goes witnout saying
it was sweet.
The Republican candidate will be first in
the rield, first ih the canvass and first on
election day.
One thing at a time is a good rule in
politics, and protection nas the right of
way this year.
Those who win at Sacramento will lose
on election day and the country will have
its consolations.
After the sweat of the convention Sac
ramento had better go to Santa Cruz and
get in the swim.
Daggett was once read o.ut of the Demo
cratic party and now he seems to have the
party in Ins pocket.
If you wish fair, accurate and reliable
reports of what is going on, and no Jakes,
you must read The Call.
The gold standard, with work and
wages, is better than free silver with a
tariff that destroys wages.
There is no doubt the affair at Sacra
mento is going to be carried on in a very
Democratic party manner.
It seems the Vice-Presidency is the one
office in this country that has to seek the
man, and seek him far aud wide.
Nobody will object to the golden ring in
tbe tone of the platform that demands a
return to protection and prosperity.
It will be pleasant at the close of this
week to turn from conventions to the
freshness and beauty of Santa Cruz.
The Republican party will occupy the
middle of the road, and others will have
to sit on the fence or take to the woods.
As a sideshow to the great National
convention at St. Louis the gathering at
Sacramento is a pretty t*ood menagerie.
Other issues may do in other States, but
Delaware seems preparing to make her
hottest fight on the single-tax proposition.
The hay crop in France is reported to be
a failure, and the man who goes to grass
in this country this year may find money
in iv
There seems to be a very degenerate
breed of Democrats at this convention, for
while a few take it straight most of them
take mint in theirs.
Even the earliest delegate among the
Democrats at Sacramento gets his Morn
ing Call before breakfast, and reads the
news as an appetizer.
It is asserted the only European mon
arch whose life is not insured is the Czar,
and probably he hasn't revenues enough
to pay the premium on his risk.
There is no need to get alarmed over the
noise that comes from Sacramento. A
Democratic fight is hardly ever anything
more than a pirnic for the boys.
The vigor with which the friends of Alli
son, Morton and Reed have supported
their favorites for the nomination is an
evidence of the vigor with which they will
support the nominee when the campaign
begins. There is no weakness anywhere
n the grand old party this year.
FIRST AT SACRAMENTO.
To no person is convention news more
j interesting than to the delegates and to
I the people of the city where the conven
tion is held. It is important, moreover,
that it should be delivered to such readers
early in the morning. Others may read
the reports at their leisure during the fore
noon, but in convention cities the news
must be read before the work of the day
begins and before a new session opens and
new events take place to occupy public at
! tention.
In recognition of this fact arrangements
have been made to deliver The Call at
Sacramento at an hour so early that even
tne earliest riser may find it at his break
fast table. Yesterday The Call was in
Sacramento an hour and a half ahead of
its speediest contemporary. Every dele
gate to the convention and every resident
of Sacramento interosted in the conven
tion work was enabled to read of all the
talk and gossip and all the preparations of
the previous day before any other San
Francisco paper had reached the city.
This worK, of course, was not accom
plished without considerable cost of time
and energy. The money and labor, how
ever, were well expended. The employ
ment of a speciaf train to carry The
Call to Sacramento at that early hour
was no fake enterprise. It is a part of the
duty of a newspaper manager to deliver
the news to the reader as well as to pub
lish it. That special train, therefore, rep
resented the enterprise of legitimate jour
nalism, and was done as a part of tne
service of The Call and not merely to
make a sensation.
So long as the convention continues the
people of Sacramento can count on getting
The Call, with full reports of news from
ali parts of tbe world up to 2 a. m., deliv
ered in their city in time to be read in bed
before breakfast if they wish it. Every
delegate can post himself on all that was
snid and done not only in his own con
vention but in that of St. Louis before he
takes an early breakfast and cets out to
begin the work of tbe day. Let him rise
with the lark if he chooses, The Call will
be ready for him.
It is to be noted, moreover, that not
only is The Call delivered promptly, but
it contains the fairest and most accurate
reports of the proceedings at St. Louis and
at Sacramento. It doesn't publish fakes,
but it publishes all tbe legitimate news,
and what is read in its columns can be
counted on. The Call speaks for all,
speaks the truth and reaches the people
first.
THE WAY IT IS.
If there be any Republicans who are
thinking of going over to the Chicago
! nominee if he makes the race on a free
j silver coinage platform and the St. Louis
I convention declares for the gold standard,
i they should stop and consider what such
' a step would mean. Assuming that if re-
I enforced by all the free-silver Republicans
! the Chicago nominee would be elected and
I the mints opened to silver on a parity
I with gold, what would be gained? The
election of such a Democrat would mean
to the farmer the consequences of still
sharper competition with the grain
and llvesto k rai«er3 of South Amer
ica, India and Russia ; or, in other
words, it would be still further reduction
in the market price of his produce. No
kind of money, even if made of diamonds,
would or could compensate the farmer
for the reduction in the price tie would
receive, which the acceptance of Argen-
Una's basis of cost of prodnction would
force upon him. What would the un
limited coinage of silver avail a Califor-
nian wheac-grower if Canadian or South
American or Indian wheat were laid down
in San Francisco at a lower price per
bushel than he could deliver it for? Yet.
the nominee of the Chicago convention
will be pled ed to accomrjlish that very
i thing by withdrawing protection to our
I farmers against the wheat-grower of those
countries.
What would it avail our great wage class
if the Government operated the mints
night and day in turning out silver dollars
if there was nothing to prevent foreign
labor supplying our markets with goods
and wares and thus destroying all oppor
tunity to secure work? Would they have
any more dollars if our industries were
closed and themselves out of employment
than they would with steady work and tbe
mints partially closed against silver?
What would it avail our merchants to have
unlimited silver coinage if their customers
were diiven out of employment by work
in pmen who work and spend their wages
in othercountries? What would it avail our
wool-growers to have free and unlimited
coinage of silver under free trade? Would
not »ur own woolen-mills draw their raw
material from Australia and other foreign
sheep-raising countries unless American
wool-growers would accept the low price
prevailing in those foreign markets? What
would free silver coinage avail any of our
industrial class if free trade obliged our
factories and furnaces and mills to close
down or conform to the wage schedule of
Europe and Asia and tbe Latin American
Stutes? Surely this is an aspect of tbe
political situation the people should an
alyze pretty thoroughly before forming a
copartnership with free trade.
FUSION IMPOSSIBLE.
It is believed by some who favor the
joining of the Republican and Democratic
free-silver forces that such a union would
draw all anti-cold standard men to it, but
rhey count without their host. No doubt
if all free-silver Republicans and all free
silver Democrats and the Bimetallic
League and the Populists were to unite
upon any candidate they could elect him,
but sucu a combination would be more
difficult to make than it would be to
merge the Republican and Democratic
parties the one into the other. The Popa
list party is for free silver, certainly,
but that is the least of its demands. It
stands for Government ownership of
every public means of conveyance, trans
portation and message transmission ; the
wining out of all banking institutions;
the unlimited issue of paper money by the
Government; the right of every man to
borrow money of the Government at a
merely nominal rate of interest; a system
of Government free warehouses to store
farm and other products in until prices
satisfy the owner of them, and last but
not least the immediate purchase of all
public highways of travel and shipping
by the Government, which would oblige
the creation of a new public debt of over
$11,000,000,000 to pay for the railways
| alone.
The Bimetallic league is utterly opposed
to any kind of legislation until the mints
are opened to silver. After that it is of
no consequence to it whether there be free
trade or high tariff; a communistic form
of government, a republic or a monarchy;
| but what the league ia really after will be j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896.
better understood wben it is said that it
is composed largely of promoters of silver
mining companies and speculators in min
ing stocks. They bear about the same re
lation to the financial world that grain
pit option traders do to the agricultural
interests of the country. The futil
ity, therefore, of • trying to form a
copartnership between silver advocates
upon any kina of a basis that would not
be diametrically opposed and antagonistic
at every point to the best interests of tbe
country should be too apparent to every
thinking person to be wortn his while to
consider the question a moment. The
Populist party will have its own candi
date, the Bimetallic League wili have its
own candidate and the free-silver Demo
crats will have their own candidate, and
were every free-silver Republican to cast
his vote for the candidate of either one of
these three parlies the candidate of tbe St.
Louis convention would still be elected.
Better stick to the old ship, for the old
ship is all right, and will get there whether
the navigator's chart suits us or not.
A MERRY DEMOCRATIC ROW.
Although the St. Louis and Sacramento
conventions have a monopoly of the atten
tion of Califo rnians new developments of
trouble in the Democratic party's National
organization are not to be lost sight of. A
new explosive in the shape of Boies' inordi
nate jealousy of Teller has been hurled into
the camp, and tnere is great confusion and
loud swearing as the consequence. The
old moßsbacks continue to insist that
Boies presumes when he essays to put
himself at the head of the procession;
that he devoted the energy and strength
of his middle life to abusing Democrats;
that be is a Democrat only because the
Republican party refused to measure him
by his own estimate of his greatness, and
that while his conversion to Democratic
principles may be all right his apprentice
ship has not been long enough to make
him a capable boss for the whole job.
The anti-Cleveland ring of the party in
lowa is so hungry for office that it is mak
ing altogether too much of Boies for its
own good, but that fact has not been dis
covered yet, except by those who had oc
casion to face his tactics and his inordi
nate egotism when he was a R "publican
boss in a small way. A year ago Mr.
Boies announced that he should re
fuse to serve as a delegate to the
National Convention. Later on he
concluded that he might be induced to go
if the party thought it couid not get
on without him. After a few months he
expressed a desire to go, and finally he
announced that he must not only be a
delegate and head the State's delegation,
but that he should be a candidate fur the
nomination. He is now in that peculiar
frame of mind which makes a man feel
that divinity ordered him in the begin
ning to accomplish a work that could not
be accomplished by any other mortal;
that, indeed, if ho were to die all wisdom
would die with him. This is the evolution
of Boies' ambition in one short year.
But his unfolding on economic lines is
equally marvelous. A year ago he advo
cated the opening of our mints to the free
coinage of silver, accompanied by a press
ing invitation to the other nations to join
the United States in a monetary confer
ence. Some months later he advocated
the free coinage of silver independent of
other countries, but retaining the parity
and interchangeable character of the two
metals.
Now he says, that as between the gold
standard and silver mometallism with no
gold at all in circulation, he prefers the
latter. These are the several changes of
views on the money question which Mr.
Boies has indulged in twelve months. He
has been fairly consistent, however, on the
tariff question by giving up "tariff for
revenue only," whatever that means, for
out and out free tra le.
Out of this evolution of political and
economic principles there has come bound
less ambition, wide and deep self-conceit
and bitter hatred for every one who hesi
tates to give preference in all things. The
rumor that Senator Teller might he in
duced to accept the Chicago nomination
and the reriiled boom for islan<l hitve so
'exasperated the lowa man that he froths
at the mouth if the possibility of selecting
either one of them for tlie party's
tigurebeiid is suggested. Boies gave
a sketch to an lowa newspaper the
other day of ttie kind of a man
whom the Chicago convention should
nominate, which tallies so well with his
own estimate of himself tnat a very pretty
exhiDition ot mud-throwing may be spen
all along the road that Presidential aspir
ants are traveling Chicagoward. The latest
charge against Boies is that every time he
has been elecied to office it was because of
a combine with the ultra free whiskeyites
on a prohibition issue, which makes him
a psalra-'inging hypocrite. But anyway
there is a very pretty and a very merry
war raging in the anti-Cleveland wing for
and against Boies.
THE VOICE OF TRUTH
Tern porary Chairman Fairbanks' speech
was a clear and roinprehensive exposition
of the principles of the Republican party
yesterday, to-day and forever; but in one
short sentence he summed up the ethics,
the philosophy and the science of every
thread and factor of the entire fabric of
American Republicanism as woven on the
loom of events from Abraham Lincoln to
Benjamin Harrison. Tbe Republican i
party stands for "what is everiast- j
ingly right." And bis analysis of the
underlying principle and eternal purpose
of the party whose past history is written
in such materi.il wealth, social advance
ment and personal liberty as no other j
nation ever achieved in years five times
the number that have elaDsed since the
Kepuoiican party came to save and
strengthen the people ought to be made a j
textbook for our youth in making their
preparations to assume the direction of
the affairs of the Nation in the years to
come.
Ihe effort of the Democracy to pull
down in three years tbe'Nation's defenses,
which the Republican party has been a
third of a century in Dtiilding up, was re
viewed, but no §j>ot in it reveaied an
excuse or, reason for withholding
the condemnation of a deeply wronged
people. With the orhcial facts and
figures before him the chairman
showed how during the adminis
tration of President Harrison the
Government reduced the Nation's bond
debt $236,000,000, and bow President
Cleveland has added $262,000,000 to the
country's interest bearing obligation be
sid3s a deficit of $150,000,000 in the or
dinary expense account of the Nation.
These items showing Democratic in
competency and extravagance were re
ferred to merely to show by comparison
the difference between results accruing
under Republican and Democratic gov
ernmental policies. It is needless to
say that the chairman pointed
out how it could not be otherwise
under two such systems of government,
the one the result ot honesty of purpose
and tbe other the fruit of inability
t o master so great a problem. Tne
necessity for the speedy overthrow of
the Democracy was demonstrated with
too much clearness to be misunderstood
by any one, but, as though inspired to do so
by the lnrushihg of a nation's wish and
thought, Chairman Fairbanks pointed to
the thousands of silent factories, the tens
of thousands, of idle men and women and
to the unprofitable fields of the farmer for
them to tell the people everywhere that
the salvation of their prosperity rested,
first, upon protection against devastating
Invaders, and, second, upon a stable
monetary system.
BUNKER HILL.
The American people will celeorate to
day the anniversary of the battle of
Bunker HiM. To the ordinary and unre
flecting mind, the amount of patriotic
ardor which will be expended all over the
Nation in commemoration of this event
may seem rather out of proportion
to the importance of the event it
self. The Battle of Bunker Hill was
fought during the early morning of
June 17, 1775, between a company
of raw American militiamen, led by
Colonel Warren, and a body of trained
regulars of the British army, upon the
heights overiookintr Boston town. It was
not fought upon Bunker Hill at all, but
upon Breeds Hill which adjoins the sum
mit bearing its name. It resulted in the
death of me brave Warren and in the de
feat of the American?. Its immediate result
was quite inconsequential; and yet, ever
since its occurrence the heart of
the Ameriican people has turned to
Bunker Hill and to its battle with
greater affection 3nd prouder remem
brance than to any other conflict of
the early days of the revolution. It was,
in fact, the Thermopylae of our history,
and Warren was its Leonidas. His
bravery and hi.-s sacrifice fired the hearts
of his compatriots all over the colonies
with a renewed ardor for liberty, and with
an increased confidence in their ability to
wrest it from the strong hand of Great
Britain at the point of the sword.
This is why there stands on Bunker I
Hill to-day a lofty and enduring monu
ment toward which the eyes of the Ameri
can people are annually turned with pride j
and reverence at each anniversary of the
battle of Bunker Hill.
It is virtually assured there will be har
mony in the Republican convention on
the platform as well as on the candidate.
There will be no straddle on the money
issue, but the financial plank will be in ac
cord with the record of the Republican
party and wide enough for all loyal Re
publicans to stand on as they tight the de
cisive battle for patriotism, protection and
prosperity.
The Chicago convention may declare for
free silver, but it will not declare ior the
Omaha platform and if the Populists wish
to join the Democratic procession they
will have to get out of their own band
wagon to do it.
Vice-President Stevenson is reported to
have discovered toat he is favorable to the
free-silver sentiment, but he has yet to
discover any great amount of that st-nti
ment favorable to him.
Economy in municipal government
must not be carried to the verge of parsi
mony. When needed public improve
ments are postponed there is a loss to the
community every day.
Some of the finest efforts of American
oratory have been made at National con
ventions, and we may expect notable ad
ditions to tnem from tbe orators at St.
Louis.
THE CURRENT ISENT BOLT.
How sorry you'll be if you do it. Ken Bolt,
You'd better sia id put while you may:
But qali In a huff and you'll rue It, Hen Bolt,
When we harvest po it leal hay.
You're shouting for silver— l know it, Ben Bolt-
I'm wim you ! Then tip u» your hana,
And we'll wboopuptbeciiu.se till it ripens, Ben Bolt,
Wulle we stop tho misrule in the land.
Then here's to a front good and so' id, Ben Holt.
I'iq rctjon we'll net while we can.
Who said tbut you'd <ju:t? Not a prophet, Ben Bolt;
You're bu.lt on a diffe ent plan.
We'll i;rt there with bo:h of our Trilbys. Ben Bolt.
The free-trade SvenaaH is dead !
The people too long have gone hungry, Ben Bolt;
The tariff means butter and broad.
Tlie sooner we breai and batter Ben Bolt—
The sooner inuko business hum —
The soou-r we'll jj-t ali the balance, Ben Bolt.
Th'-n silver— free silver— will come.
Mktal White.
San Francisco, June 16, lH9t>.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
Charles T. Manning of Matagalpa, Nicara
gua, who went to Central America from the
United States three years ago and started a
coffee plantation, says that President J. Santos
('aluya of Nicaragua recently put an end to a
rebellion so completely that it is likely to be
many a long day before the disturbing element
again attempts to overthrow the (iovernraeut.
For neariy two decades the Nienraguans,
unlike the more turbulent tie. gh boring repub
lics, had not suffered from internecine war
fare. Then the rebellion of 1893 broke the
spell of peace and J. Santos Calaya emerged
from the fray the new President by more than
mere political right. Calsya was an accom
modating man. Little by little he made ap
pointments to suit his friends. Finally every
office within his power to till was occupied by
appointees suggested by his supposed friends.
Then, when they had all the positions, they
politely askcl Oilaya himself to vacate.
Armed forces collected in several of the larger
towns, but the Presideut, whose position wns
threatened, acted hastily and with determina
tion. There was some fighting, but the Gov
ernment forces soon routed th? revolutionist*,
andt'uliiya maintained his office in the same
way that he originally secured it— by superior
generalship. That was only a few' weeks ago.
Now PresiOent Calaya is the most popular man
iv the country.
Mr. Manning says that the climate at Mata
galpa is the most nearly perfect he ever lived
in. The town is 150 miles inland from the
port of Corinto, and is at au elevation of 2200
feet above the sea. During the three and a
half years he ami his wife and his brother and
family have lived there none of them have
been ill even for a day.
Matagalpa has a population of 4000. There
is an American colony of about 100 very agree
able people in the town, and they manage to
have social times, music and fun in addition
to the hospitable entertainments given by the
native residents.
Nicaragua away from the sen coast is, de
clares Mr. Manning, a nice ulace for an Ameri
can with a little capital, but, he says, It is de
cidedly not the place for a laboring man. The
natives work for 50 cents a day, and a foreigner
couid not compete with them and live on that.
Mr. Manning is staying at the Palace with
his wife, having arrived here on the, latent
steamer from the tropics.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
DID NOT SELL HIM A GUN.
The Story Put Forth by Wood Wadams Ia
Denied.
TotheFditoroftheCall—Siß: I notice in the
morning papers an affidavit in defense of
Wood Wadams. Permit me to say through
your columns that all the ridiculous state
ments made by Wadams about me are entirely
false, and that nothing he can say will make
amends or justify the wrong.
Your having contradicted the wild-braiwed
story of Wadams the next day led me to let
the matter drop, but said affidavit revives the
subject and gives Wadaras' statements about
me the semblance of Irnth, which they deserve
not. Those who know the Coe brothers are
well aware we would not sell a gun to Dunham,
but would do all we could to aid in the capture
of the h'eud and murderer, who, I trust, will
be speedily apprehended. Yours most sin
cerely, Charles W. coe.
Homo Ranch, San Felipe Valley, June 14,
lfei)6.
PERSONAL
Afade Bemrose, an Euglish traveler, is at the
California.
Jonn Irwin Jr., United States navy, is staying
at the Palace.
F. J. Solinsky, an attorney of San Andreas, is
now at the Grand.
William L. Breyfogle of Louisville, Ky., is a
guest at the Palace.
G. H. Fancher, a banker t>f Merced, ariived
at the Lick last night.
Dr. E, M. Reith, a Sacramento physician, is
staying at the Grand.
P. A. Buell, the Stockton lumber-deftler, is a
late arrival at the Grand.
C. Jacobseu, a business man from Santa Ana,
is among the Grand arrivals.
H. Prince, a merchant at Monterey, is in
town on busiuess. He is at the Grand.
George E. Goodwin, the Nnpa banker, is
registered at the Palace with his wife.
S. TV. Burnham, who is managing a lumber
business at Chico. is a guest at the Grand.
State Controller E. P. Colgan is in town from
Sacramento. He is registered at the Lick.
J. H. Martin, the wholesale stock and cattle
buyer, is at the Russ, registered from Wood
land.
.Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel is Captain C. M. Turner of Kansas
City.
Superior Judge George H. Buck of San Mateo
County is staying at the California for a few
days.
W. C. Watson and H. Barber of London ar
rived at the Palace on last night's overland
train.
C. S. Wight, a railroad president frem Ha
waii, is at the Occidental, registered from Hon
olulu.
W. Hamilton, a well-known liquor merchant
ot Chicago, is registered at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
H. H. H. Meyers, the Healdsburg rancher
and merchant, took a room at the Grand yes
terday.
Superior Judge E. V. Spencer of Lassen
County is down from Susan ville fora few days'
stay at the Russ.
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Jackson and George W.
Noll of Shanghai are at the Palace. They were
passengers on the Coptic.
J. w. Houston, a merchant of Portland, Or.,
is making the Grand his temporary headquar
ters during a business trip.
Rev. Huie Kin arrived at the Occidental yes
terday from the Orient. He is on his way to
bis old home in New York.
John Naffziger, Justice of the Peace for Mer
ced, is a guest of his old lrieud. Major Fahey,
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the Palace
were U. H. Wymaa of Montreal and W. R.
Milligan of Toronto, Canada.
Fred S. Goodwin of Goodwin Bros., New
York, proprietors of the Turf, Field and Farm,
is at the Baldwin with his wife.
M. Manning and wife 01 Chicago have ar
rived i:i the City on their wedding tour and
are stopping at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
U. Yanaguja and B. Hayakawa, two Japanese
business men of Tokio, were among the Coptic
passengers that went to the Palace yesterday.
Three naval officers from Mare Island regis
tered at the Palace yesterday. They were
John Irwin, T. F. Burgdorff and W. H. AUar
dice.
Rev. H. B. Johnson returned from the Orient
; yesterday with his wife aud five children.
They are going to Kingston, Pa., their former
home.
S. Edkins and wife and John W. Philip and
wife of Johannesburg, South Africa, are at the
Palace, having arrived from the East last
night.
Rev. R. W. Munson, president of the Anglo-
Chinese school at Hongkong, is at the Occi
dental. He is accompanied by his family and
j returning to Toledo, Ohio.
A. B. Bowers is at the Palace registered from
Chicago. A year ago Mr. Bowers ' lived here
and was one of the builders of .the. large
dredger? used about the bay.
T. Hosbo, Japanese Minister to Washington,
is at the Palace with his family, He arrived
on the Coptic yesterday and |Is accompanied
by K. Sorado and T. Yamamote, 'members of
his suite.
Major-General R. Blundell of the English
army is at the Occidenal with Mrs. Blundell.
Tiiey arnved on the Coptic yesterday and are
on their way to England. Tuey are accompa
nied by Captain Buyley, also of the English
army.nnd Mrs. Bayley.
Dr. John S. Fairbairn, a young English
physician and a graduate of Oxford College in
1894, arrived on the Coptic yesterday and
registered at the Palace from Oxford, England.
He is traveling around the world on a pleasure
trip with L. 6. Denny, son of Denny, the Kreat
s-hipbuilcter at Dumbarton on the Clyde, Scot
lnnd. The Monowai, one of the trans-Pacific
steamers known to this port, was built by the
Denny's. Young Mr. Denny has just com
pleted his education at Clifton College and
with his friend is seeing somethina of the
world before settling down as one of its actors.
They spent some time in New Zealand. Dur
ing the five days they will remain here they
purpose to visit Stanford University. Cooper
Medical College and the University of Califor
nia. They are tall, striking looking young
men, and, as they laughingly remarked, they
would not be at all averse to following the ex
ample of the Duke of Marlborough.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
He— l don't sec how you can kiss that dog.
.Slie— No? Well you would if you were Fido.—
Brooklyn Life.
i ."Why did he employ such pointed remarks?"
"Well, 1 suppose he found it hard to get his
! meaning through their heads."— Detroit Tri
: bune.
"Uow did you get the reputation of being
Mich a great connoisseur of ari .?"
"Whenever 1 sow a picture that seemed to
i me particularly ridiculous I declared that it
j was sublime."— Fliegende Blaetter.
Brlggs— The new preacher hesitates dread
fully.
Witgner— Yes, and he doesn't know what to
do with his hands.
Briggs— That's what I referred to— his a.wk.
ward pause.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"I hope you are saving your money for the
heathen," said the good deacon to the sweet
faced little boy.
"Sure; circus that's coming's got Ayrabs,
wild African niggers and all sorts of heathen
iv it," said the sweet-faced little boy to the
good deacon.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
"Shall we go to the seashore or mountains
this year, Henry?"
"Whichever you please, dear."
"How good you are, Henry ! Doesn't it make
auy difference to you?"
"Not the least. As lam dead broke, you can
have your choice."— Detroit Free Press.
"The trouble is," ssid the man with the loud
voice und the positive manner, 'that women
read too many novels nowadays.''
"Oh, 1 dunno," replied Mr. Meckton, as he
put his dyspepsia medicine in his vest pocket.
"Sometimes 1 kinder o' wish Maria 'u.i take
her Ouida an' the Duchess an' let the cook
book alone."— Washington Star.
A Pokrr Story.
Captain John A. Duble, an old Missis
xippi steamboat man, tells a story of a
game of cards played by a cotton broker
named Weed during the war. "He boarded
my boat," he says, "at Cairo after he bad
made a successful trip oft a cargo of cotton
for tbe landing. He placed in the
clerks office of the boat ' a box about
the size of a candle box, but
securely nailed and strapped with
iron bands. Weed hailed me as I was
passing through the cabin. 'Captain,' said
i c, 'send me a boy and your carpenter.'
When they were on hand he told the boy
to brini; the box out and the carpenter to
open it. It was full of crisp greenbacks.
Then he proceeded to run up against the
games of a gang of old river sharks, and
by the time we got down stream he did not
have a dollar. He told me he lost $300,000
between St. Loui3 and New Orleans. The
last time 1 saw Weed be was river reporter
in New Orleans, and he seemed as per
fectly happy as though he still had bis
$500,000."— Washington Post.
MAY KEEP TO THE
DOLLAR LIMIT
Grand Jury So Assured by
the Board of Super
visors.
IN GRAVE CONFERENCE.
Indications That the Mysteries of
Street Work Will Be
Probed.
SOME EXCESSIVE ESTIMATES,
The Gneral Sentiment S:ems to
Desire a Curtailment of
Prodigality.
The Grand Jury's campaign for a re
duced tax levy meets with the general sup
port of citizens and taxpayers. Orally and
by written communications the jury is
assured that the people commend the
movement for reduction in municipal ex
penses. Assurances have been received
from the Supervisors that the estimates
presented by the various departments will
be so cut down that the local levy will but
slightly exceed one dollar.
Yesterday afternoon Theodore F. Payne,
acting foreman, Frank P. McLennan, sec
retary, and Horace Dunn, expert of the
Grand Jury, held a conference at the Dis
trict Attorney's office. Preparations were
made for the meeting to-night, at which
Thomas R. Ashworth and other represent
atives of the Street Department will attend.
The city's expert, Mr. Williams, and the
jury's expert, Mr. Dunn, have prepared
statements showing that the Street De
partment demands are excessive for the
work outlined. The Grand Jury is in pos
session of information that Army-street
sewer-cleaning, estimated to cost $20,000,
can be done for $-000.
At a recent meeting Edward Malley, a
contractor and a member of the jury, de
scribed how money was wasted under the
system which prevails by law in the Street
Department. For example, a hole in a
street pavement, which could be repaired
at an expense of 75 cents, is visited by two
workmen, an inspector, a man with a horse
and cart, and the little job is made to cost
the City $12 or $15. Tnis is simply cited
as an index to the manner in which public
work is conducted.
The Grand Jury may not waste time in
details, but will probably give serious at
tention to the large estimates of $150,000
for repuving Market street and $400,000 for
repaying thecobbled streets. The proposed
water-front work, for which so much
money is asked, will be carefully estimated.
The School Department estimates will be
taken up in due time. An effort will be
made to convince the directors that no
more money should be expended for new
schoolhouses until the charter is adopted
or rejected.
The Street and School Department esti
mates are the big items to consider and
will first receive the attention of the
jury, but the investigation will not stop
here. This Grsnd Jury was impaneled
by Judge Sanderson and there has been
an impression that Judge Slack, who is
now the presiding Superior Judge and
under t li e law entitled to impanel two
Grand Juries during his presiding term,
is anxious for the jury to finish its work.
Judge Slack appreciates the importance of
the work in hand and will not embarrass
the jury by suggestions of an early ad
journment. The sessions will therefore
continue until the tax levy order is passed.
LEE-HUBBELL WEDDING.
Two Prominent Members of Western
Addition Society to be Married
This Evening.
A prominent event in the Western Ad
dition social circles will take place this
evening, namely, the wedding at 2231
Geary street, of James Richard Lee and
Miss Elizabeth Hubbell. Mr. Lee occupies
an important position in the firm of J. D.
Spreckels Bros. & Co., and is well and
favorably known throughout the City and
in Berkeley, of which place he is a resi
dent.
The bride is a native of this State and a.
graduate of the Normal School. She is an
estimable young lady, and a favorite in
the circle of her acquaintances.
Fred W. Lee, a brother of the bride
groom, and Miss Warren of Oakland will
support the high contracting parties.
Key. W. D. Williams of Plymouth Con
gregational Church will be the officiating
minister.
The newly wedded couple will visit Seat
tle, to be gone several weeks.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
English reviewers have suggested both
Herbert Spencer and James Bryce as the pos
sible authors of the anonymous reply to Max
Nordau, entitled "Regeneration."
J. N. Baldwin of Council Bluffs, lowa, who
has been chosen to make the speech nominat
ing Senator Allison at the St. Louis conven
tion, is looked upon as the greatest orator in
lowa.
The inventory of the estate of William W.
Storey, the sculptor, just tiled in the Probate
Court at Bjston, shows that he lett property
valued at $212,839, $163,000 being in real
eat«te.
The German Emperor has 350 carriages in
his stables in Berlin. Of these 100 are for the
use of his suite. The broughams, victorias
and landaus used by the Emperor and by the
members of the royal family are all painted
dike and are never used by any one else.
Francis JoEeph, who succeeded to the Aus
trian crown in 1848, has now outlived three
heirs. From 1848 to 1858 his heir was his
brother, the Archduke Ferdinand Maximilian.
From 1858 to 1889 his heir was his son, the
Archduke Rudolf. Then, till the other day,
his heir was his brother, the Archduke Charles
Louis. Now his heir is his nephew, the Arch
duke Francis Ferdinand.
Felix Faure, the President of France, has
sought popular favor more persistently and
to better purpose than any other Chief Execu
tive of that republic, and the latest sign that
success has crowned his efforts comes from a
far-off corner of the world. He has consented
to the request of the citizens of a town in the
New Hebrides that be become godfather and
lend his name to their tiny municipality.
By the Queen's permission the sisters of the
new Duke of Hamilton— 'Helena, Constance
and Flora Douglas— are henceforth to enjoy
the same rank, title, place, pre-eminence and
precedence as if their father had lived to suc
ceed to the titles and dignities of the Duke of
Hamilton and Brandon, premier Duke of Scot
land and Duke of Chatelherault iv France.
They are therefore authorized to prefix from
now on the title of "lady" to their Christian
names.
AN ATTRACTIVE SHIRT WAIST.
The high turnover collar is a stylish feature
of this season's shirt waists. The one shown
above has a pointed yoke Back, the fullness
being gathered into the collar-band. When
detachable collars are desirtd the neck is
simply finished with a straight band an inch
wide when made. This is supplied wita but
tonholes, corresponding buttonholes being
made in the collar.
The cuffs can be arranged in the same way.
There is a fancy for different cuffs and collars
to be worn with one waist. These may be
white, uiak, blue or any color that tancy dic
tates to harmonize with the figured goods
which is chosen for many waists this season.
Some of the handsomest waists are made of
all over embroidered batiste. The detachable
children, was playing in a barn, when one of
stiff cuff i and collars may be left off and sub
stituted by a soft crash collar of ribbon.
An Incautious Critic.
Almost the last worK that Sir Edwin
Landseer was engaged on was a life-sized
picture of Nell Gwynn passing through an
archway on a white palfrey. This picture,
in which the horse alone was finished, was
bought by one of the Rothschild family
and given to Sir John Millais to complete.
One morning a celebrated art critic called,
and was much impressed with his work.
"Ah, to be sure," he said, going up close
and examining a deerhound. which almost
breathed, in the foreground of the picture;
"how eauily one can recognize Landseer's
dogs! Wonderful, isn't it?" "Yes, it ia
wonderful," remarked Sir John, lighting
another pipe; "I finished painting that
dog yesterday morning, and have done
the who'e of it myself.' That critic was
sorry he spoke. — Magazine of Art.
In several European countries butter is
sold by the yard. The rolls are a yarJ iv
length, and are sold in sections to suit
purchasers.
A Nice present lor Eastern friends—Town
send's Cal. glace Crafts, 50c lb. 637 Market st. *
Paper teeth are made by a dentist in
Lubeck. One of the patrons has a set
which has been in use for thirteen years,
and gives complete satisfaction.
Special information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by tha Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Alleu's;, 510 Montgomery. '
Frau Dr. Jur. Emilie Kempin, who began to
prac.ice law in Berlin about six months ago,
is doing an excellent business And has lately
been appointed official interpreter at the Ber
lin law courts. Though she is German by
birth, she studied in New York City.
•99 75 to 'Washington, D. C, and Re
turn.
Tbe official excursion to the fifteenth annual
convention of the Yotin? People's Society </brl»
tian Kndeavor at Washington. D. C. July 7, will
leave Los Angeles Monday, June 29. at 2r. V.
and San Francisco Tuesday, Jane 30, at 7 a.m.
The route will be via thf Central Pacific, Union
Pacific, Chicago and Northwestern, and Baltimore
and Ohio railways, and the excursion will be made
under the personal supervision of U. W. CamDbeU,
pres dent of the California Christian Kndeavor
Union, 18 >orth Second Street. .San Jose, and
William G. Alexander, ex-president of the Cali
fornia Christian Endeavor Union, 21 Norm Fourth
street, San Jose. For further information and
reservation of berths apply to either of th« gentle
men or to D. \V. Hitchcock, 1 Montgomery street,
Han Francisco; C. E. Bray, 2 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco; U. F. Uerr, 2H South Sprtng
street, Los Angeles, or to any ticket agent of the
Southern Pacific Company.
Excursions to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
An excellent opportunity for seeing this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense is afforded
through the excursions to leave Han Francisco
June 20 and July 1 over the Atlantic aDd Pacific
Railroad. Fare Includes stage trip from Flagstaff,
meals en route and hotel expenses at Canyon, 8 75.
For full particulars call ou or address Tbos.
Cook A Son, excursion agents, 621 Market street,
under Palace Hotel, or any agent Atlantic and
Pacific P.ailroad. H. C. Rush, assistant general
passenger agent, 6i Chronicle building, S. F.
Yellowstone I ark Excursion.
Watch this ad for full particulars regarding our
grent excursion to the Yellowstone. Party leaves
here the liJth of July. Weekly excursions in up
holstered tourist cars. No change. Lowest rates
oall points Kast. T. K. stateler. agtn r Northern
Pacific Railroad, 638 Market street, Han Francisco.
"Mrs. Wlnslow'a Soothing Syrop"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mother*
for their children while Teething with perfect su>
cess.' It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay*
rain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels ail
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists In every part of the world. Be sura and ask
lor Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. -5c a bottla.
Corona — Atmosphere Is perrectly dry. v>!t
and mild, ■ being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Hound-trip tickets, -by steam- •
ship, including fifteen days' board at th« Hotel lit
Coronado, $bU: longer stay $2 60 per da/. Apply
4 .\«w Montgomery st., ban Francisco. .
The Queen of Abyssinia is described at a
woman content to take no mean place in her
husband's household. She kndws what Is sro
ing on in the kingdom even to the most pro
found of state secrets and advises the King to
some purpose. If not universally liked by the
subjects oi the kingdom, she is yet respected
for her ability.
NEW TO-DAT. +.
~~M ARGONAUT
v J<M nil UU li nU I.
JjL WHISKEY
HHH Five Years
|pifinjBif| Bottling.
■ : liiii El M ™WEDNESDAY JUNE 17, 1896
AMUSEMENTS. ■
Thiatir.- "A Gilded FooL M
California TnEATEB.-"The Home Secretary."
CoLnißn Tbkateb— "The Charity Ball.'
Monoscoa Cpkba-Hocsk— "New York Day By
Day." .- :,.;", ~:.uj --ip-:
Tivou OpmA-HorsK.— "Lorraine."
OBPUKrK— High-Class Vaudevnie.
Geovbbr Alcazar.— -The Little Detective,"
Park Theater— Grove street, between Polk
and Van Ness avenue— " Crulskeen Lawn," Sat-
urday evening, June 20. -
The I mpohiuh.— Concert to-night, by the Em
poriuru Orchestra.
StiTBJ Cokkt Island— Bathing and Perform-
ances.
Shot t the CirrjTKs— Dally at Haight street, one
lot* i ast of the Park.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion- and Picnic— Glen Ellen, 'Wed-
nesdty, June 17. .
EicrjßSiox— To Mi. Shasta, Saturday, June 20.
.cußuiON— : , Bohemia Grove, Sunday,
Jan* 21. | ___-j . : ■ ' -
AUCTION SALES V
By S. Bapch— This day s (Wednesday), Tailor
Shop, at salesroom, 319 Butter street.
Iv A. L. CBKSBWKLi.— This day (Wednesday),
Furniture, at 537 Guerrero street, at 11 o'clock.
I>v L. Yincknt— This day (Wednesday), Fur-
niture, at 20 Metcalf place, at 2 o'clock.
JiT Frank W. Bt'TTKuiriKi.l' — This day
(Wednesday), Groceries, at 1035 Howard street, at
11 o'clock.
By Easton <fe Er.DßiDGK— Saturday, June 27
Real Estate, at Murphy Station, at 1 o'clock.
CITY ITEMS IN BRIEF
Fair and warmer weather, with |fresh winds,
is iorec&sted for 10-Juy.
The Supreme Court yesterday granted J. F.
luruer, convicted of forgery, a new trial.
The Washington Evening School held its
closing exercises last night at California Hall.
A large attendance is promised for the Bun-
Xer Hiil excursion and picnic to Glen Ellen to
.iay.
The Supreme Court yesterdsy annulled the
writ of habeas corpus in the George E. White
case.
The citizens of Tiburon are preparing to give
a graud iree-for-all clambake on Sunday,
July 5.
diaries J. Wingerter's will was yesterday
filed for probate. He left an estate of over
?200,000.
The local socialists are preparing for their
State and National conventions and interna
tional emigrt-s.
Mary Mall y yesterday applied for letters of
Administration on the estate of her brother,
John 11. Connelly.
Judge Hunt yesterday annulled the marriage
contract between Frederick A. Healy and Lu
cretia May Carpenter.
Inspector Dockery will apply for warrants
this morning for the arrest of a number of un
licensed milk-venders.
Judge Seawell yesterday granted Mamie B.
Greeiie a divorce from A. W. Greene because of
defendant's extreme cruelty.
Anthony Quill was yesterday appointed ex
ecutor of the estate of Michael B. Bernard.
The property is worth $5000.
A three-story building is about to be erected
on Valencia street, near Hill, by John W.
Sailer, at a cost of about $9000.
The Milwaukee Mechanics has sued the Pal
atine Insurance Company for $750 because of
a clerical error in reissuing a policy.
Judge Campbell was the victim of an old
bunko game yesterday morning, and he is
eager to find the man who worked it.
A blaze in a saloon on the corner of Mission
street and Fair avenue caused several hun
dred dollars' worth of damage early yesterday
morning.
Belvedere has a non-sectarian church, and a
benefit lawn party to raise funds for its fur
nishings will be held at the island on Satur
day next.
Captain Farrell of the schooner W. B.
Phihips, lying at the Merchants' drydock, fell
a distance"of twenty feet yesterday, frai-turing
his skull.
James Richard Lee. a clerk in the employ of
J. D. Bpreekels Bros. & Co., aud Miss Elizabeth
Hnbbeil of '1231 Geary street are to be married
tfiis evening.
The graduating exercises of Lincoln Evening
School, the biggest school of its class in the
Vnited States, were held last night at Odd
Fellows' Hail.
The thirty-second session of the Grand Grove
of the United Ancient Order of Druids began
yesterday in Druids' Hall, on Sutter street,
near Stockton.
Irving Markwait, a bright boy 11 years ol
age, from Ophir, Placer County, missed his
friends on his arrival Monday night, and is
now in the City Prison.
A. Green of Carrau «fe Green, jewelers, 220
Sutter street, was arrested yesterday on the
charge of felony embezzlement on complaint
of J. H. Berry, a miner.
The police are searching for a young man
who beat and attempted to assault Katrina
Volquarldz, a servnnt giri at 922 McAllister
street, yesterday afternoon.
Articles of incorporation of the College of
Physicians and Snrg!:ons of San Francisco
have been applied for by five local physicians
who intend establishing a new medical col
lege.
The Hancook Mining Company was yester
day incorporated by W. S. Chapman, V. E.
Matthews, L. H. Smith, John A. Minear and A.
P. Minear. The capital stock is $400,000 all
of which has been paid in.
At the graduating exercises last nightof the
San Francisco Normal School, State Superin
tendent Black delivered a timely address and
the diplomas were presented to the happy girl
graduates by Madison Babcock.
Several teachers and graduating pupils of
tbe Horace Mann Grammar School aeny that
the exercises to be held by certain of the
graduates on Friday next are in accordance
v. ith the general wishes of the class*
It was "parents' day" yesterday at the Long
fellow Primary School. The closing exercises
were also held, consisting of the customary
songs, compositions, recitations, etc. Miss
Jennie Smith is principal of this school.
G. H. Callinan and Daniel Mattocks, who
were arrested while robbing a toolhouse on
Masonic avenue last Sunday morning, were
vusterday held by Judge Low to answer before
the Superior Court in $5000 bonds each.
Both sides bave rested in the notorious >"oe
suit, and Attorney Koscialowski yesterday
commenced his argument lor the plaintiffs.
There are two important questions of law to be
determined, and the length of the suit is yet
problematical.
The stockholders of the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley Railway authorized the
issue of $0,000,000 bonds yestertfay to com
plete the lino Irom Bakersfield to San Fran
cisco. The issue and the engineering work
will be rushed.
On to-day's programme for outdoor amuse
ment the Veteran Firemen will give their
ninth annual picnic at Shell Mound Park, and
the members of tbu Builders' Exchange will
bold their first outing at Sunset Park in Santa
Cruz mountains.
James D. Koran, an uncle of Miss Redmond,
who is suing Capitalist Thomas Carter for
for breach ol promise of marriage,
met Mr. Carter yesterday ana accused him of
telling untruths. He says the girl has an in
dependent income,
The Northern California division of the
League of American Wheelmen will resist the
efforts of the Southern Pacific Company to
charge for carrying wneels by appealing to
the Legislature to have wheels placed on the
game plane as baggage.
NEW TO-DAT
The Secret of a Beautiful Skin
Poft, white hands, shapely nails, and lnxuriant
hair, with clean wholesome scalp, is found in the
perfect action of the PoriES, produced by CUTI-
CUBA SOAP, the most effeettvo skis puriiier,
and beautifier in tbe world.
Fold throughout the world. Pott»« Dttrso * ?co Cnzu-
icai, Co*r«BATio3, Sole Proprietor!, Boston. _
MEN MUTINY ON
THE HIGH SEAS
Two British Ships Put In
With Tales of Woe
Yesterday.
MAN ■ OF - WAR COMUS.
One of the St. Mungo's Crew
Was Locked Up in a
Stateroom.
RAZORS FLYING IN THE AIR.
Head Winds and Cross Seas Caused
the Cruiser to Run Short
of Fuel.
The British cruiser Comus, the British
ship St. Mungo and the Spreckels tug
Vigilant made one of the prettiest pictures
ever seen in the bay yesterday. All three
vessels were in the foreground and back of
them was Alcatraz, spouting flame and
«moke in a salute to the British flag.
Small craft and fishing boats were coming
and going and over all was a perfect Cali
fornian morning.
Thousands attracted by the sound of the
booming cannon thoroughly enjoyed the
scene, but double interest was added when
they learned that the man-of-war had put
in on account of heavy weather and a
shortness of coal and that there had been
a mutiny on the ship. As the cruiser
passed Fort Point the stars and stripes
were run up at the main and a salute of
twenty-one guns was fired. As the St.
Mungo passed Lime Point in tow of the
Vigilant the police flag was set in the
mizzen rigging, and half an hour later
Sergeant Bunner and Officer Fitzgerald of
the harbor police were on board, but could
not do anything, as they had no authority
over a sailor on British "soil."
As the Comus passed Alcatraz the
British flag was run up on the flagpole
and the Englishman's salute was returned
by the fort. "While this was going on one
of the crew of tne St. Mungo was in the
lazarette in irons and the sound of the
guns only brougnt to him an assurance
that he would have to answer a charge of
mutiny, and that right speedily.
The St. Mungo left Swansea for San
Francisco with a cargo of coal 130 days
ago. All the forecastle hands were negroes
and they made trouble from the very first.
Captain Hamilton, his wife and child and
the white officers were constantly threat
ened and at one time there was nearly an
outbreak. The men were driven to quar
ters at the point of revolvers, and it was
only when the ringleader was placed in
confinement that quiet was restored.
There were fifteen negroes to four white
men and every one of the former was
armed with a razor. They insisted that
their companion should not be ironed and
to save bloodshed Captain Hamilton gave
in to them. The prisoner will be shipped
to England for trial and it will probably
go hard with him when the St. Mungo
reaches her destination.
During the early part of the voyage of
the St. Mungo Charles Spence created a
great deal of trouble. He was impudent
and mutinous, and when spoken to at
tacked the boatswain and nearly killed
him. When the captain and officers
rushed forward to save the man Spence
threatened to drive a marlin - spike
through the first man that approached
him. Then Captain Hamilton drew a big
navy revolver and threatened to blow a
hole through the mutinous sailor if he
did not at once throw down his marlin
spike and razor. This Spence did and
then the officers attempted to iron
him. The other negroes came to the
rescue and said they would make mince
meat of all the white trash aboard if
irons were out on their leader. A com
promise was reached and Spence was
locked up in a spare stateroom.
Boatswain Michael Doyle, who was
jumped on and beaten by Spence, was con
fined to his bed for two weeks. In the
meantime Spence attempted to escape
from his confinement, and a second at
tempt to iron him was made. His cries
brought his comrades on deck, and a sec
ond demonstration on their part had to
be put down at the point of the pistol.
When Captain Hamilton found that the
police could not do anything for him he at
once reported to the British Consul. A
consular court may try all the men here,
but the chances are that Spence will be
sent to England for punishment.
The St. Mungo was anchored off the
heads last Monday, but Captain Hamilton
would not accept a tow. Yesterday the
men began to crumble again, so when the
Vigilant came along Captain Randall's
offer was at once accepted. On February
16 last John Davis, an A. 8., died of con
sumption and was buried at sea. He was
a native of Baltimore, aged 31 years.
The Comus is on her way from Corinto
for Esquimalt. On the 4th inst. she
sailed from San Diego, and ever since has
been bucking into a heavy head sea. For
seven days she has been off the Farallones,
and running short of coal, the captain put
in here for a supply. She will resume her
journey north to-morrow. The officers of
the Comus are :
Captain H. H. Dyke, Lieutenant (G) John S.
Luard, Lieutenant (X) C. MacLachan; Lieu
tenants H. L. Watts Jones , G. T. F. Pike, C. D. S.
Raikes; Gunner G. K. Cooper, Boatswain G.
Robinson, Chaplain Rev. T. Kane, Paymaster
F. W. Mortimore, Assistant Paymaster A. J.
Dyer, Carpenter J. N. Matheson, Staff Surgeon
E.Corcoran, Chief Engineer James Lane, As
sistant Engineer F. W. Bluett, Sub-lieutenant
W. Bpeke; Midßhirimen A. C. Fellowes, R. R. C.
Bacichouse, J. W. Carrington, H. L. Boyie, M.
Baillie Hamilton, J. G. McHardy, H. Seymour;
Lieutenant Royal Marines H. J. Crocker, As
sistant Clerk E. W. Malnprice.
The crew is 236 all told ana the vessel
carries ten guns.
A PROFESSIONAL MATINEE.
Nat C. Goodwin to Give One of "A
Gilded Fool" on Friday Afternoon.
No small amount of interest is being
manifested in the professional matinee
which the comedian, Nat C. Goodwin, and
his company, in response to many requests,
wDI give at the Baldwin Theater on Friday
afternoon. Professional matinees are de
cidedly new here, though they form one
of the strongest features of the season in
New York, as it affords the theater-goers
an opportunity of meeting their favorite
players off the stage. There is at present
an unusual number of well-known favorites
appearing here, and among those who will
occupy boxes and Beats at the matinee are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896. .
Herbert Kelcey, Prank Worthing, Effie
Shannon, Olive Oliver, Blanche Bates, L.
R. Stockwell, William Beach, T. Daniel
» ♦ — ♦
CRYSTAL OR DIAMOND.
V. Green of Carrau & Green, Jewelers,
Arrested for Embezzlement on
Complaint of a Miner.
A. Green of 220 Sutter street was arrested
yesterday afternoon by Detectives Gibson
and Wren on a warrant charging him with
felony embezzlement. He was released
on $2000 bonds.
The complaining witness in the case is
J. H. Berry, a miner living at the Kuss
House. He says he has mining interests
in Arizona and Nevada, and at one of his
mines he picked up a rouj»h diamond,
which he brought with him to tbe City.
He showed it to experts and they ap
praised its value at $5000 and advised him
to get it cut. He took it to Carrau & Green
on June 4 and explained to them his de
sire to have it put in marketable shape.
They agreed to do the work and asked
him to call the following day and they
would meantime send It to a laDidary to
ascertain its value.
Berry says he aid not call for a day or
two and was then told that the diamond
had not been returned. Subsequently he
made several attempts to get it back, but
failed, and finally the jewelers said tneir
boy had lost it while taking it to the lapi
dary. They offered to give him another
diamond of equal size, or a sum of money
in lieu of it. He declined both and yester
day swore out a warrant in Judgo Conlan's
court for Green's arrest.
The jewelers admit that the stone was
lost, but allege that it was not a diamond,
but merely a crystal stone resembling a
diamond.
Mr. Green said iast evening that he had
waited on Berry because his son, who is a
member ol the firm of Carrau & Green,
was busy.
"He had a large white stone," said Mr.
Green, "which he wanted cut. I told him
that it was not a diamond and he said
that he knew that, but wanted it cut any
nay, as it would make a pretty setting.
He left the stone to be finished the next
day, but it was lost and rather than have
him feel hurt about it he was of
fered $20 to make the matter right. Now
he claims that the stone was a diamond."
AN INSURANCE QUESTION.
Milwaukee Mechanics and Palatine
Companies at Loggerheads.
The Milwaukee Mechanics' Insnrance
Company yesterday sued the Palatine In
surance Company for $750, paid by the
former to the Seattle Consolidated Street
Kailway Company for losses incurred by a
fire on lJune 20, 1895.
It seems that the Seattle company was
insured by the Mechanics' Insurance Com
pany for $1500, one- half of which amount
was laid off with the Palatine. The policy
of the raiJway company read from June 20,
1894, to June 20, 1895, and on June 25 the
fire occurred. However, in reinsuring
with the Palatine, a clerical error made the
policy read from June 19, 1894, to June 19,
1895. On this account payment is refused,
the contention being that the policy had
expired. The Milwaukee company bases
its suit on the intention of the policy.
GENERAL DIMOND SINKING.
Messages From New York Give Little
Hope of His Recovery.
Several telegrams were received from
New York yesterday by Edwin R. Dimond
and A. Chesebrough reporting that Gen
eral W. H. Dimond was still unconscious
and growing weaker.
The general in the past has shown such
wonderful recuperative powers in rally
ing from very severe attacks, that the
members of his family entertained hopes
that he would again rally.
This last hope very nearly vanished in
consequence of two messages received last
evening from the old family physician,
now residing in New York. Tidings of
the general's death may be received any
hour.
For the Big Ratification.
At a meeting of the Forty-fouTth District
Republican Club, hejd at their clubrooms on
Monday, it wa.s unanimously resolved that the
club participate in the ratification meeting to
be held on Saturday night, June 20. The club
appointed J. C. Kimbsll, S. C. Jones, H. Seth
man, A. Sjogran and E. Mosbachera committee
on finance. J. E. Jarrett, \V. D. Clark, \V. W.
Cross, James Mearns and Robert Mimch were
appointed a committee on arrangements. The
club appointed Captain A. Hanson marshal.
McNeil Held to Answer.
The case of Frank McNeil, painter, charged
with assault to murder upon Frank Rankin in
Mrs. O'Grady's saloon, Mary and Natoma
Etreets, was finally disposed of by Judge
Campbell yesterday. The Judge decided to
reduce the charge to assault with a deadly
weapon, and held McNeil to answer before the
Superior Court in $5000 bonds.
Bernal Heights Blaze.
A fire early yesterday morning caused dam
age to the extent of three or four hundred dol
dollars to a saloon on the corner of Mission
street aud Fair avenue, at the foot of Bernal
Heights. The building, which was owned by
J. W. Pfeiffer, was damaged to the extent of
three or four hundred dollars, fully covered by
insurance. The damage done to the saloon,
fixtures and contents, owned by J. W. Tufts,
amounted to about $100. The cause of the
fire is unknown.
The Davidson Kstate.
Sarah Davidson and- Jacob Davidson were
yesterday appointed executors of the estate of
Jacob Davidson, who left property exceeding
in value $10,000.
Cordona Acquitted.
Lee D. Cordona was acquitted of the charge
of forging warrants upon the City Treasury by
a jury from Judge Belcher's court on Monday
evening.
DOLLAR SIDE AND SHILLING SIDE
A Commercial Tradition Which Has
Lost Its Force in New York.
For the purpose of retail business, the
two sides of every thoroughfare were for
merly thus divided: The left-hand side
going north or the right-hand side going
south along any broad street or avenue of
New York was the "dollar" or more prof
itable side ; and the right hand going north
or the left hand going east was the shilling
side, devoted to less productive business
matters and depending chiefly upon the
patronage of persons of more modest in
comes and slender purses. In the early
commercial life of New York city the west
side of Broadway was considered to be the
more desirable for retail business. The
stores upon it paid a much larger rent than
those on the side opposite, andnotonly was
this the case, but, as the New Yorkers of a
generation ago remember, the west or
"dollar" side was the more popular for
pedestrians, especially during the prom
enade on fair afternoons. An iconoclast of
mercantile customs and traditions was
the late A. T. Stewart, and it was his con
stantly avowed belief that a rule of busi
ness or affairs which had no other backing
but that of usage or precedent did not
amount to much, and c&uld usually be
overridden to the advantage of a pioneer
against it, The present Stewart building
at the corner of Broadway and Chambers
street is on what was called the shilling
side of that thoroughfare, and when Mr.
Stewart determined to move his dry goods
establishment up town he chose by
preference the location at Broadway and
Tenth street, also on the shilling side, and
built there, contrary to the views of his
rivals in the dry goods business.
But Mr. Stewart's departure from the
unwritten business rule of many years did
not abrogate it in the drygoods trade, and
the preference for tbe dollar side and the
prejudice against the shilling side sur
vived by many years the use of shillings
as a measure of purchase in the drygoods
stores. Little by little, however, the once
unwritten law of retail trade has fallen
into disuse and now tne right-hand side of
the public thoroughfares in New York de
voted to store purposes, if not quite as
good as the left-hand side of the same
street, is, among real estate men and re
tail dealers, considered to be nearly as
good.— New York Sun,
FOUND A CORPSE
IN THE VESSEL
A Diver's Grewsome Expe
rience in the Blair
• more.
MADE HIM VERY SICK.
The Body Was That of the
Watchman of the Sunken
Ship.
NAVAL RESERVE MEN TO DRILL.
They Will Make Their Home on the
Comanche for Two Weeks
in July.
The rasing of the Blairmore developed a
sensation yesterday. It was a grewsome one,
as a corpse figured in it and one of White
law's divers is still sick from the shock he
received. He attempted to recover a body
he discovered in the forecastle of the ship
and one of the limb 3 came away in his
hands. The thought of the horror over
came him and he was hauled to the sur
face more dead than alive.
When the Blairmore heeled over to the
squall, and being tripped by her anchor
chain went down, the officers and men
were in the bold chipping away iron rust.
The watchman's duties were over and after
getting his breakfast he had retired to the
forecastle and gone to sleep. He was still
sleeping when the ship went down and he
never woke again. His death must have
been a peaceiul one, as theinrushing water
would have smothered him almost in
stantly.
When last Sunday's attempt to raise the
sunken ship failed everything took a rest.
Yesterday the divers were sent down to
see that everything was in readiness for
another attempt to-morrow, and one of
them was told to "lock the windlass."
Out of curiosity he entered tbe forecastle,
and while running his hand over the
bunks he discovered the remains of the
watchman. He could not see anything,
but his sensitive finger tips told him it was
the remains of a corpse.
ii utempted to get it out of the bunk
and float it to the surface, but the pressure
0? the water was too great. He grasped
the body firmly by the foot and pulled.
The leg came away in his hands. He let
go the ghastly object and in blind terror
made his way to the surface. He knew
that it was a dead body he was handling,
but he was taken deathly sick, and even
now he cannot tell how he reached the
surface.
Two new pumps have been placed on
the Blairmore. New hawsers have been
put on the wrecker and the air hose re
paired. Every thing is in perfect working
order, and at high tide to-morrow, a third
attempt will be made.
Lieutenant-Commander Turner of the
naval battalion is preparing a great outing
for his meu next month. On the eve of
the glorious Fourth, all the men will be
ordered to rendezvous on board the
Comanche.
For a fortnight the monitor will be
their home, and all who have business to
attend to will have to get shore leave.
Morning and evening there will be drills,
and on the 10th an inspection by the offi
cers of the Monadnock. On the 11th and
12th, if the money holds out and coal can
be purchased, there will be cruises around
the bay. An engineer will be secured
from Mare Island, but in every other
respect the monitor will be manned by the
boys of the Naval Reserve. Lieutenant-
Commander Turner i 3 very enthusiastic
over the matter and expects the outing to
be successful.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic arrived from Hongkong
via Yokohama yesterday, after being quar
antined eight days at Nagasaki. After
leaving Hongkong one of the Chinese
steerage passengers was taken sick with
cholera and after the vessel reached Nag
asaki he died. The Japanese authorities
at once quarantined the vessel and every
thing and everybody aboard was fumi
gated. As there was no sign of disease on
board Dr. Chalmers allowed the steamer
to dock soon after her arrival.
The Coptic brought the following cabin
passengers :
Major-General and Mrs. Blundell, Captain
and Mrs. A. H. Baley, Mrs. Carroll, Thomas
Clifford, C. C. Clarke, L. Denny, Mrs. E. S.
Dundy Jr., Miss M. M. Dundy, Mrs. J. C. Da
vies, Dr. J. S. Faircain, Mr. and Mrs. Shepstone,
A. C. Weiland, S. Hayakawa, his Excellency
Hosho Toru, ex-Minis ter to the United
States; Mrs. Hoshi Toru, child and maid;
Mr. and Mrs. U. B. Jackson, Mrs. H. B.
Johnson, Mrs. Kelso and three children, Mr.
and Mrs. C. W. Lee, Miss Lillian Morse. Rev.
and Mrs. W. R. Munson, Mrs. G. W. Noel,
U. Yanagaya, Miss Shepstone, J. Woodside,
Rev. N. B. Johnson, five children and servant;
D. Mum, Mr. and Mrs. J. R- Morse, Lieutenant
Mitchell, U S. N. ; Mr. and Mrs. R. Roman
and infant, K. Sodora, G. Salinger, J. F. Siebe,
W. A. Johnson, R. H. Wright, Charles L.
Wright, George E. Ilorman, T. Yamanoto.
Among others who came was the Rev.
Huie Kin, a New York Chinese missionary.
He has thirty young Chinese students
with him, who are to remain here about
eight years acquiring the language and
customs of America. They are mostly
from Canton and Hongkong, and are the
children of wealthy parents.
J. F. Siebe and A. G. Wieland, who
have been on a tour around the world, also
came back on the Coptic. They said they
had an enjoyable time, but were glad to be
back in San Francisco again.
The British bark Oambuedoon, now out
166 days from Java to Vancouver, B. C,
has been given up as lost Yesterday 80
per cent reinsurance was paid on ber.
BUNKER HILL DAY.
A Grand Excursion to Glen Ellen,
Sonoma County, To-Day.
Great preparations have been made for
the celebration of the one hundred and
twenty-first anniversary of the Battle of
Bunker Hill to-day. One of the principal
features of the occasion will be the excur
sion to Glen Ellen, Sonoma County. The
excursionists will leave this City by the
Tiburon ferrry at 9 o'clock this morning,
and tickets can be obtained at the ferry
landing. The exercises will take place at
the Glen Ellen pavHlon at 1 o'clock, and
following is the programme:
Overture, medley patriotic airs, Blum's
band; prayer. Chaplain of the Day Rev. G. E.
Walk, rector Trinity church ; opening remarks,
President of the Day William G, Badger ; song,
"Star-Spangled Banner," Orpheus Quartet;
reading, "Paul Reveres Ride," Miss C. Down
ine; son?, "Sword of Bunker Hill," Alfred Wil
kie; oration, Hon. R. B. Carpenter (vice-presi
dent of the Vermonters' Association); song,
''Our Grand Army of the Dead," Mrs. John Pet
tee; remarks, Rev. George E. Walk ; "America"
(led by Professor J. McKenzie), audience ; bene
diction, chaplain.
Boats leave Tiburon ferry at 9a. M. Adults,
round-trip ticket, $1 ; children under J. 2 years,
50 cents.
Following are the committee of arrange
ments:
Bunker Hill Association— William G. Badger,
A. H. Wheaton, H. S. FoOte Jr., Hugh Clark,
William F. Muhlner.
Vermonters— F. Dillingham, Robert Vander
cook, S. G. Cheever, M. T. Ellinwood, Dr. S. H.
Roberts.
Floor manager— Robert Vandercook.
Transportation and grounds— George W. Cas
well.
HOW'S THIS FOR HIGH?
Specimen of Oats From the Cotati
Banch That Is Over Eight
Feet in Height.
Oats 8 feet 4 inch tall. Just think of it !
This is something pretty high, even for
California. In fact, the owners of the
specimen think it good enough for presen
tation to the Academy of Sciences, and so
that is what they are going to do with it.
This extraordinary specimen is the prop
erty of K. O. Gates and H. R. Babb and
was grown near the station of Cotati, mid
way Detween Santa Rosa and Petaluma,
on what is known as the Page ranch.
The ranch formerly consisted of 10.000
acres, but has lately been suodivided and
sold in sections.
The owners say that, though the speci
men they have just brougnt down with
them is as pood as could be found in the
field, yet there is no place that a man could
stand therein and not be hidden from view.
MYRIADS OF LANTERNS
Market Street Ablaze With
Oriental Illumina
tion.
The Merchants Discuss Decorations
With the Fourth of July
Committee.
Pursuant to the call of the Fourth of
July committee, there was a " meeting of
the merchants in the assembly-room of
the Mills building last evening to discuss
the question of suitably decorating the
business streets.
A. S. Hallidie was unanimously elected
chairman of the meeting.
Opening the business he stated the ob
ject of the meeting was to enlist the mer
chants to illuminate and decorate their
places of business. Second to discuss the
suitability of concentrating the most im
portant illumination, decoration and
pyrotechnics to the central part of the
City where the convergence of car lines
made a locality most accessible to all the
people.
C. li. Perkins said that he believed in
the idea of sending up fireworks from
every part of the City — north, east, south
and west.
"The greatest celebration, as Mr. Haili
die suggests, may be in the central part
of the City," he said, '"and besides this,
every one of the City squares should be
utilized for the same purpose."
A representative from a firm of decora
tors informed the meeting that fifty lines
of Chinese lanterns could be strung on
Market street, a distance of five blocks,
making ten lines to a block. On each line
could c>e attached thirty lanterns, and all
this would cost $300 for the three nights.
This, he explained, would make a very
attractive display.
It was suggested that the lantern propo
sition be discussed further and that ever
greens be garlanded about and between
the lanterns, as has been done in the car
nival cities. The decorator said that ever
greens could be furnished for 5 cents a
yard.
A committee of seven was finally ap
pointed to confer further with the mer
chants with a view to having them pledge
themselves to decorate the facades of
their buildings and to have them suggest
and assist in the street decoration. This
committee consists of C. B. Perkins, Percy
Beamish. William Mclntire, O. Wiseman,
W. H. Nolan, William D. Nolan and
George Raphael.
To this committee were also added Mrs.
John Knell, Mrs. H. A. Arvidson, Mrs.
M. J. Vidaver and Achiile Roos.
The Native Sons held a meeting last
night with regard to the parade on the
Fourth. The following parlors were rep
resented: Pacific, Stanford, California,
Eldorado, Sequoia and Precinto; N. D.
G. W. — Buena Vista, Minerva, Orinda and
Orofini.
H. D. Lansing acted as chairman and
Miss May McCrae as secretary. Resolu
tions were passed that the entire City
representation take part in the parade —
the Native Sons to march and the Native
Daughters to ride in carriages.
Frank G. Wi3ker suggested that here
after the birthday of the Nation be recog
nized also as the birthday of the Native
Sons' and Daughters' organization.
Nothing, however, definite was decided
on this. Circulars will be sent to all the
parlors for a meeting next Wednesday,
during which all the matters pertaining to
the details of the parade will be settled.
FOOLED BY THE DARK.
This Worthy Couple Arose and Retired
With the Sun.
An old couple who lived in the High
lands once had a rather amusing experi
ence. They lived in a house that was only
one story high, and one wet night when
they had retired to bed as usual a band of
loafers came on the lane. In a very few
minutes they had plastered the window
up with mud in such a way that it was im
possible for the sun to penetrate through
it. Then they retired from the scene,
chuckling to themselves as to the conse
quences. At about the usual time the
next morning Jock and Betty awoke, but
there was no daylight, so they lay in bed
all day. At sunset Jock got up, leaving
Betty still slumbering, and upon going
into the living-room he perceived the trick
that had been played on them, and, open
ing the door, he shouted to Betty: "Get
up, lass. Here's such a sight as you've
never seen in your life before. The sun's
risin' at the other side of the house!"—
Weekly Telegraph.
The Book on the Lawyer's Table.
Before the Hon. John S. Lambert be
came a Justice of the Supreme Court of
the State of New York, and while he was
yet a humble practitioner in a quiet Chau
tauqua County village, he bad a client
with a religious bent. One day the client
called at the lawyer's office, and noticing
a small leather-bound volume on his
desk, remarked: "Ah, John, lam glad to
see such books lying on your desk. If you
Jollow its teachings you will surely go to
the right place." "And if I don't, ' broke
in the jurist, "I'll go to jail." The parson
had mistaken the Criminal Code for the
Bible.— Buffalo Courier.
The excitement over the discovery of
rich tin ore in the Big Horn Mountains,
near Sheridan, Wyo., continues. Assays
made at Sheridan and in Omaha show an
average return of twenty-four pounds of
pure tin to the ton.
When Baby was sick, we gave her Castorta.
When ahe was a Child, she cried for Castoria,
When she became Miss, she dung to Castoria.
Wbea she had Children, ahe gave them Castoria.
THIS CHURCH IS
NON-SECTARIAN
Belvedere Has the Only
One of the Kind in
California.
A Benefit on Saturday Next to
Raise Money for Fur
nishings.
Any Pastor Who Is Invited by the
Members of His Creed May
Preach There.
Sleepy Hollow, as the inhabitants of
fair Belvedere are wont to call the garden
spot of their suburban island home, will
be the scene on Saturday afternoon next
of an entertainment in the form of a gar
den and lawn party ior the purpose of fur
nishing the new church that has just been
completed there.
This church is in its way the most
unique institution of its kind in Califor
nia, having been built by private parties
for the benefit of the entire community.
It is entirely non-sectarian and will re-
main so for all time.
Belvedere numbers Jews and Gentiles
as well as other sects among its inhabit
ants, none of them being strong enough,
however, to afford the building of a church
for their own particular use. Thus it was
that those who desired to attend divine
services on Sunday were compelled to go
to neighboring towns or to thia City for
that purpose.
As many of the residents are business
men who spend the week in San Francisco,
only having their Sundays at home, it was
somewhat of a hardship to be compelled
to travel on the Sabbath. To remedy the
matter, the company that owns the larger
portion of the island, built a handsome
little edifice of stone, stipulating only that
the residents should furnish the interior in
a fitting manner.
There will be no resident pastor, but
ministers, priests or rabbis will be wel
come to preach under the one roof as they
are called there by those of their religion.
The Beivedereans, regardless of creed,
have united to make the entertainment a
success. Several hundred tickets have
already been sold, and a big crowd is ex
dected to attend*
The programme will be a varied and
carefully selected one, and the committee
of arrangements has one number in view
which, if they are successful in arranging
for it, will surprise the musical visitors.
It is hoped to persuade Mrs. Dr. Whit
ney of Boston, who is now in this City, to
sing. Mrs. Whitney was formerly Miss
Louise Elliott of San Francisco, whose
maenificent voice aroused tbe enthusiasm
of the musically inclined to a remarkable
degree, and for whom a brilliant career as
a singer was predicted. The wealthy
Bostonian won her heart, however, and
since her marriage she has not sung in
public.
■ ■■-_ ; . _ ITEW to-pat: .
/H. An
t y]\ other
i^s. ,1 Drive
Jliji^vV^jl This week
fs&^Spj) '•.. \ \ smashes the rec-
IJataSP^-/ * \ rd - We crowd-
\ \>-— — r* 11 ed lots of ' bar-
*\<^----~ v gains into last
l^c^Oor^-W week's sales, but
\ It it only taught us
A ft how to do better
V ff this week. Here
\Jf they are:
••Bent's"- $3 Men's Genuine Calf,
Lace or Congress Razortoe,
This week only $1.95. .
$2 Boys' Veal Calf, Lace, Button or
Congress • .
This week only $1.15
75 c Infants' Tan Kid Button, with tips,
sizes 2 to 6 50c
91 25 Child's Tan Kid Button, spring heels,
hand-turned soles, sizes 4 t07...... ....... 65e
SI BO Child's Tan Goat Button, stout soles,
spring heels. 6tolOV 3 .91.15
$1 75 Misses' Tan Goat Button, spring heels,
narrow square toe and up....'.. ..: 51. 30
$2 60 Ladies' Fine Vicl Kid Button, patent
leather - trimmings, narrow square or
pointed toe, patent tips... 91.50
Can't pay charges . to country on
"Drives.
Headquarters for Buckingham & Hecht's
Fine Shoes. Send for catalogue ; mailed free.
Kast's
738-740 Market Street.
"jn=/w\ TO-liAT— AMUSEMENTS.
PARK THEATER.
Grove Street, between Polk and Van Ness Avenue.
WM. B. J0HJ58...... ..... ...Le55ee and Manager.
Jos: Q. Charters ...... .....Assistant Manager.
Box Office Open at 9 A. M. To-Day.
RESERVED SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Notice our Popular Prices— Reserved
Seats in. Parquet or Balcony, 15c and
GRAND. OPENING !.
Saturday Evening. 1 ...... ...'......... June 20,
America's Representative Irish Comedian,
dan McCarthy, .
. Supported by . .
MISS LOU RIPI.EY \
And the Park Theater Stock Company, in
CRUISKEEN LAWN.
A GOOD RESERVED ; SEAT FOR 15c.
Next piece, "The Rambler From Clare." '
THE CHUTES.
OFXHXT TO-NIGHT :
BATTLE OF BUNKER HILL
CELEBRATION!
. . ;. Admission 10c. Children Be.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7 A. M. to 1 P. M.
GRASD ELECTRICAL STEREOPTICOH
• KVERY EVENING. ; '
SPECIALTIES EVERY AFTERNOON.
Saturday, June SO, Honorary School
Children's Day. •.
GENERAL. ADMISSION- V 1
Adults, 10c — — — Children, De.
' . . " . ' '
NEW TO-DAY.
IT'S CURES
THAT COUNT.
Many so-called remedies are
pressed on the public attention
on account of their claimed
large sales. But sales cannot
determine values. Sales simply
argue good salesmen, shrewd
puffery, or enormous advertis-
ing. Jt's cures that count. It
is cures that are counted on by
Ayer's Sarsaparilla. Its sales
might be boasted. It has the
.world for its market. But
sales prove nothing. We point
only to the record of Ayer's
Sarsaparilla, as proof of its
merit :
50 YEARS
OF CURES.
Frawley, John T. Sullivan, Winona Shan
non, Margaret Craven and others.
Seats for the general public are now
ready at the box office of the Baldwin
Theater. Mr. Goodwin leaves for hi 3 Aus
tralian tour on the 2oth inst.
The estate of Vaturino, the old histori
cal residence of Mazeppa, the Hetman of
the Ukraine Cossacks ie the Government
of Kieff, once famous for its beauty and
splendor, has now fallen into ruin and
decay.
Certain scientists say that M ars is like
Holland. Its inhabitants apcear to have
drained the whole of its surface as a meas
ure of protection against encroaching
waters, which threaten an invasion when
summer's heat melts the polar ice and
snow.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
D/fSSnl| I SECOND AND
BALDWIN LAST WEEK.
The Distinguished Comedian,
IV-A.T C GOODTWIKT
Presenting Henry Guy Carleton's Comedy Success,
".A. OIIjDED POOL"
EXTRA-FRIDAY AFTERNOON. JUNE 19,
at the earnest request of many resident and visit-
ing professionals, Mr. Goodwin has consented to
give "professional matinee,
PROFESSIONAL 3IATINEE,
On Which Occasion He Will Present
"A GILDED FOOL."
Sale Of seats for the general public commences
to-day.
One Week Only, Beginning ■
MONDAY JUNE 22,
Fourth Annual Tour—'
M. John 3Dr e*w
. And his American Company, presenting
"THE SQUIRE OF DAMES!"
By R. C. Carton, author of "Liberty Hall."
Sale of seats begins to-morrow, Thursday
r m^ m^ ™™T"™"™"™ ™™n They Come
I # l Ai ATTHC iiA With
I California rBWavinß
L. R. STOCK WELL'S IX—
Company of Players, _./. _
Including THE
MR.H.KELCEY,. „_.„,,
MISS E. SHANNON HOME
EASTERN COMPANY, SECRETARY!
''This Is the Power ; of Our Success."
Prices— lso.2so, 35c. 50c, 75c. A good
. ' reserved seat for 35c and 50c.
Matinee Hoc and 50c.
A continuous demand for reserved seats. .
Next Monday .."... THE GREY MARE.
rnitDLAfIfICR.«>TTLOO« v itsitt/wonArtMUiv--
USUAL, i PACKED
■ To the doors to see the
FRAWLEY COMPANY
. And the beautiful play,
"THE CHARITY BALL"
If you want seats anywhere come at once.
Monday Next, "LORD CHUMLEY."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mbs. £skestis>b Kreli.vg, Proprietor <& Manages
XiAST *S?VJE:iS¥SL
Of the Triumph of the Season.
Bellinger's Melodious Romantic Comic Opera
LORRAINE
"A STORY OF COURT AND CAMP."
A Perfect Production In Every Detail. ■ ,
— EXT~WE EK-rrr V
OUB SUMMER SPECTACLE, :
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON!"
Popular Prices— and 500.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sola Lessee and Manage
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT, '
W. J. Thompson's Ever Popular 
"NEW YORK DAY BY DAY!"
DO NOT FAIL TO SEE ■« <--
LESLIE MOROSCO — —
- . In the Famous Role of "Rags."
• : S.VMSTS9 Pbicjw— and 51a. .
. Family Circle and Gall or 7. 10c. -: \. •
; Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing Monday, .Tune 15th,
Notable Additions Xo a Strong Bill!
" MARLO-Dt NHAM FAMILY.
.Marvelous Aerial Artists, Six in Number.
LAUKKNCE AND HARKINGTON—
MEERS BROS. PAPINTA.
THE VITASCOI'E. •
Ocean Wave. Corbett-Courtney Fight, and Other
New Subjects. 28— Great Artists— 2B « y
. Reserved Seats, 2Sc; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seats, 50c. ' " " ■ - • • .
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
' PERSONALLY CONDUCTED
Excursion to It. Shasta
v . . < And Vicinity in Pullman Buffet Sleepers.
Mr.Wm. H. Menton, Excursion Pass.
■- . • :■--■ - S. P. Co., in charge. :
5ATURDAY.. .'.....'..1.':. .......„:.: JUNE 3O
1 Leave from Ferry Landing,' foot of Market
• ■■•.'>; street, at BP. M. v - ■ •:.■
ROUND-TRIP TICKET, ' rt>T /""N
:v> INCLUDING BERTH, n^JLVJ
Returning, arrive at San Francisco Monday ■
: ■ : .:•-.'• ' : v. , following at 7:13 P. M. . .
; For further information as to itinerary, meals
en route, etc., apply at - ,-•;
GRAND HOTEL TICKET OFFICE,
. 613 Market Street, S. F.
GRAND PICNIC
Of the Bunker Hill Association and the
- Sons of. Vermont ,
At ; Glen Ellen, Wednesday, June 17.
Anniversary of the Battle of Bunker Hill.
■ Boats leave Tiburon Ferry at 9 A. M., returning
leave Glen Ellen at SP. M. Trains stop at San
Rafael both ways. < 7 - .
- i Blum's Band will accompany the excursionists.
Tickets for round trip #1. Children under 13
years 50c. For sale at the ferry on the morniug of
the picnic. * .
78
SOME POLITICAL X RAYS.
The Veil of Flesh Torn From
the Souls of Statesmen
Assembled at Sac
ramento.
By ths JUDGE.
Having recently made experiments with
X-ray pictures I have discovered that polit
ically it is possible to secure pictures of
thought, aims, character and aspirations cf
practical politicians, and I will give jou to-day
an explanation of a few negatives of people
prominently identified with the Democratic
State Convention at Sacramento. I am com
pelled by circumstances to confine the pictures
given to-day to one side of the question, for
the reason that notwithstanding I had my
camera-plates copper-bound and riveted twen
ty-seven of the plates exploded on account of
the tough character of the subjects.
The country delegates are up against a hard
mob if these pictures are true. There Is a fine
mixture here of discordant elements, all
actuated by a desire to secure positions.
We have in evidence the Federal brigade,
Budd's relations, Coinon's Stockton push,
Buckley's business men, Daggett'i gold men,
Foote's pets and the Junta crowd, principally
composed of people who in the past were beg
gars at Buckley's table, and who are now try
ing to smash the hand that fed tnem. There
will be served up by the committee on plat
form and resolutions as tough a dose of De
mocracy as can be imagined, which will be
swallowed by the patriots assembled without a
grimace. The mixture will contain a little of
Cleveland, a small part of Bndd, a portion of
White, a slice of Maguire, a big heap of silver,
a rap at the A. P. A., the ignoring of female
suffrage, a smash at the Sunday law, and the
whole seasoned with S. P. R. R. sauce and
other drugs.
Our first picture shows the turning down of
John T. Gaffey by the short-haired Los Aneeles
push, headed by Ramish, Marsh, McCaffery
and the rest of the boys. These boys have
been up against Gaffey's game Ir. the past, and
as their legs are getting back to their original
length they don't propose to ?ive Gaffey a |
chance to pull them again. John is a past
master in the science of leg-i>uUing, as the
A. P. A.'s can testify, for John gave it to them |
•when Buckley gave him the nomination for
the State Board of Equalization. You will re
member that John made his campaign from
Black Ryan's office, had the indorsement of
the long-haired A. P. A. push and the en
thusiastic support of Marsh, McCaffery <fe Co.
John is a daisy, win or lose. Lo<kat his graft
this trip. Did he not take Buckff-y to a Spanish
dinner at Los Angelec?
Did he not lunch him recently in San Fran-
Cisco and then did he hot work every end of
the Junta as well as the Junta organ? Gaffey
is a great distributor of funny stories and I
promises, but history says tbat no sack es- |
capes his watchful eye, and the beauty of it all j
is that he holds onto it when he gets it It is a {
well-known fact that proposed victims of j
Johnnies leg-pulling operations can feel a j
pain in the limb twenty-four hours before •
John arrives. Of course I don't think John i
holds out all the dough, but as it looks as if
John would have to crawl under the canvas if
he wants to see the show, it would seem that
the short hairs of Los Angeles had been pun
ishing him.
Speaking of Buckley and Gaff ey, did you ever
stop to consider the fact that nearly
the whole outfit who are now fighting Buckley
were recipients of Buckley's favors in the past?
Just look at a few of these negatives and you
will be surprised.
The one 1 am going to show you now is a
picture of that great reform paper, the Exam
iner. It is in class A now as a reformer. I
h&ve not time to take up the entire picture,
but here is part of it. You remember old Un
cle George Hearst, a good-hearted Californian
and a successful miner. Well, Uncle George
one day thought he would like to be Governor !
of California and thus round up a successful
life. Buckley was sent for and arrangements
■were made to organize Democratic cluts in
Ban Francisco. As Uncle George got his money
out of the ground and was willing to pay for
the proposed honor everything was done in
first-class style. Buckley won the delegates
and voted them for five whole days at tne San
Jose convention.
At last the delegates tired of the Examiner's
persistency and the entire country crowd
centered on General Stoneman, who was nom
inated and elected. After a careful examina
tion of this picture we fail to find where the
Examiner expresses any dissatisfaction with
Buckley's methods during tbat campaign.
During Stoneman's administration United
States Senator Miller died and the Governor
made up his mind to appoint his executive
secretary, ex-Senator Moreland of Solano, to
fill the vacancy. However, it was rumored
that Buckley was seen coming from the South
ern Pacific Railroad offices, then located at
Fourth and Towneend streets, the day betore
the appointmentwas made. The result of the
trip was that Buckley went to Sacramento,
Moreland was turned down. Uncle George ap
pointed and the Examiner was not a fighter of
Buckley.
The friendly relations existing between the
Examiner and Buckley continued until 1890,
when that paper wanted to down Bteve White
at San Jose, it was said on account of his Irish
antecedents. You will remember that the
Examiner was hissed by the delegates to that
convention. White was indorsed; the
Examiner slipped a cog and became a re
former, and has been a reformer ever since,
gathering around it a choice collection of other
reformers. Here are some of their pictures:
Gavin McNab— "Whispering" Gavin they
call him now. You remember when Buckley
gave Gavin that nomination for Supervisor in
1890 as a reward for service? Weli. Buckley
had to take him from the ticket because the
Federated Trades bucked. Gavin has had a
rocky road to travel in his career as a reformer.
When Buckley took his famous trip to the
watering places of Europe, "Whispering"
Gavin joined the reorganizers under Sullivan
and Dwyer, from whicn crowd he was expelled
for knifing the ticket. It is supposed that
Gavin has A. P. A. sympathies.
Sammy Braunhait, another reformer, was
one of Buckley's loudest bleating lambs in the
old time. He was Buckley ' s candidate for the
Legislature in 1888. Sammy used to try to
work off some of those famous Regalia de
Chinatown cigars on Buckley in order to solid
ify himself witn the boss, but as Buckley was
pretty conning himself and is not taking any
chances on hi* life, he thought he would work
off the cigars on the push. It was lucky for
Buckley that he took that course, as many of
the push nearly succumbed to yellow jaundice
from smoking Sammy's Regalias. It is also
said that some of Buckley's friends about this
time presented him with an elegant pair of
horses and a rockaway, but overlooked the
buggy robe. Sammy saw his opportunity,
rushed to a hand-me-down shop south of
Market street, purchased tne gaudiest red
buggy robe he could find, and gave it to Mr.
Buckley with hie compliments. The first time
Buckley drove out he used the robe; a shower
of rain came up, the dye ran out, and Sammy's
a reformer now.
Max Popper is to-day Buckley's part
ner in the ownership of the street - sweei>
ing machinery leased to McDonald & Co., the
profits of which are divided every month at
Kelly's office in the Nevada block. Billy Har
rison, Buckley's secretary, collecting Buckley's
share, is another of the grateful crowd who are
fighting the old leader. You remember when
Billy Gavigan discovered the Custom-house
draylng snap Max took Buckley, Oavigan and
Whitney in with him and gobbled the con
tract. Pretty soon, however, he dumped Gavi
gan and Whitney, but kept Buckley in the
firm, and as Max has never given Buckley an
accounting it looks as if in that affair also
Max is still with Buck.
Sam Rainey, who to-day is called the Tele
phone Boss, because he does not show up, but
from his room issues instructions to the Junta
and the Fire Department through the tele
phone, is another of Buckley's old crowd. In
1882, when Buck took Sam into camp, he cre
ated the position of guardian angel of the Fire
Department for Sam, which position he has
held ever since. Sam, however, is ambitious,
and is now reaching out for complete control.
It is said that he is a silent partner of Kelly
and Mahoney.
Ned Lauigan, who is a protege of Sam
Rainey, is another old-time follower of Buck
ley. Ned, however, is a pretty decent fellow,
and while circumstances compel him to follow
Rainey. he does not like it and during the last
campaign was in daily consultation with
Buckley, and to Ned is coming a great deal of
credit for the defeat of Haley as County Clerk.
Ned is well liked in the Forty-first District and
takes splendid care of his followers, all of
whom are working that desire to.
Chris Reiss was Buckley's candidate for
Treasurer in 1886. George T. Marye, the sage
brush politician, now known as "Sweet
Marie," who was Buckley's chairmen of the
County Committee in 1882, was always
friendly until Buckley refused to give him the
nomination for Congress.
M. C. Hassett in the old time used to wati
for the Buckley political lightning to strike
him with a nomination for any judicial posi
tion. Hassett staid with Buckley until the
last campaign, during which he frequently
visited the Livermore ranch to advance the in
terests of Registrar Hinton, who was trying to
get Buckley's indorsement for Public Adminis
trator, with Hassett tor his attorney.
Of course you remember Buckley's Super
visor, John Foley, who afterward was Buck
ley's Superintendent of the House of Correc
tion at a time when the lambs were entitled
to good care in that institution. It was
cheaper to keep them there on good grub than
filled with steam beer in the City. Well, as
Buck has at present nothing to give Foley, his
gratitude is compelling him to fight Buck for
past favors.
Dr. Gavigan, who formerly held office under
Buck, is now making a fight for Superintend
ent of the Dipsomaniac Home under Junta
auspices, while J. J. Cunningham, the former
erraad-Doy and amenuensis of Buck, is making
a Poll Parrot repetition of political secrets
coming into his possession at that time. He
may get a janitorsnip if the Junta wins.
Ex-Senators Tom Pindar, Williams, Jack
Welch and J. J. Sullivan have also joined the
great band of reformers since Buckley has
nothing more to give them. The Judge.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896.
FOR PRACTICAL
CLINICAL WORK
A New Medical College
Soon to Be Estab
lished.
FLANS OF ITS PROMOTERS
To Locate Where Abundant
Material for Clinics Is
Attainable.
PROBABLY SOUTH OF MARKET.
Subsequently a Suitable College Build
ing May Be Built on Rincon
Hill.
San Francisco is soon to have another
medical college iv addition to the two ex
isting schools. Although many believe
that for a city of its size it is pretty well
off in regard to medical colleges, and tbat
there are too many already in the country,
a number of prominent physicians of this
City believe that there is open to the new
organization a field tbat has been neg
lected by the old colleges.
Accordingly application has been filed
for articles of incorporation of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons of San Fran
cisco, by the following members of the
local medical fraternity: Dr. Silas
Mercer Mouser, Dr. Joseph Lane, Dr.
Winslow Anderson, Dr. Samuel O. L.
Potter and Dr. William Freeman South
ard.
The feeling among some of the men who
are supporting the new organization is
tbat the two old colleges have to a great
extent outlived their usefulness.
Many of the professors, it is said, neg
lect their work of teaching for their own
professional cases, and the students are
either neglected or left in charge of some
young and inexperienced substitute.
"There are several reasons why a new
college should be eslabiished in this City,"
said Dr. Potter last evening. "The plac
ing of one of the now existing colleges
away out south of the park is going to de
tract greatly from its efficiency. Students
will be unable to find board ing- places in
that neighborhood and professors cannot
afford to waste their time in driving back
and forth such a distance.
v Neither will a sick man travel out so far,
and the result will be that the clinics at
the college will amount to very little.
"The Cooper College has also many dis
advantages. It is situated in a residence
portion of the City where there are few
poor patients. The clinics are composed
as a rule of well-to-do people, because the
college can get no others to work upon.
The hospital which is managed in con
nection with the school is a pay hospital,
where the charges range from $3 to $10 a
day. Of course, people who can pay such
a price are not going to allow 'themselves
to be operated upon by young medical stu
dents.
"There is, therefore, no clinical school
here where the student is brought into
actual contact with all kinds of disease.
The Polyclinic has given up nearly all
teaching and is essentially a dispensary.
"Of course, we will meet with many ob
jections. The supporters of the old col
leges will declare we are a lot of green
horns and upstarts. As a matter of fact,
the physicians in the new enterprise are
all experienced physicians— some of them
standing at the head of the special branches
of medicine which they follow.
"After we have incorporated we shall at
first rent some building for our college,
probably south of Market street, where
our clinics shall be composed of the poor
and shall be entirely free. Wa also expect
later to obtain financial aid from certain
gentlemen to erect a fine building for the
college. Each of the incorporators is as-
sured of from five to seven students when
ever the college isopeued, so our prospects
are encouraging.
"We also hope to establish a connection
with the great Johnson Hospital, which is
soon to be established here. Archbishop
Riordan, Drs. Buckley, Robinson and
Thorne are the trustees of the hospital,
and we hope by our good work to obtain
the good will of these trustees and bring
about some connection between the col
lege and the hospital.
"My own idea of a permanent location
for the college would be on Rincon Hill.
The argument used in favor of the site
south of the park was that in 50 or 100
years it would be the center of the City.
But a medical college is for the present
and should be situated in a populous dis
trict.
"Rmcon Hill possesses many advan
tages for a college site. The climate is
very good, the cars are convenient for
reaching the County Hospital and, be
sides, the new Johnson Hospital will
probably be located in this vicinity. And
in this locality there would be abundance
of material for practical clinics, which
we deem one of the most important ele
ments in an education for the medical
profession."
URIAH`S SEWERAGE SYSTEM.
Ten Mile* of Pipe to Be Laid for Very
Little Money-
UKIAH, Cal., June 16— Bids for the
construction of a sewerage system for this
place was opened by the board of trustees
to-day. Thirteen bids were received, rang
ing from $16,000 to $28,000.
The lowest bid was that of F. Brunner <fe
Son of Ukiah, who offered to do the work
as per specifications for $15,900. The con
tract was awarded to this firm provided
they file a bond for $10,000 within ten days.
The figure at which the contract was let
is considered exceedingly low. Twenty
five thousand dollars bad been voted for
this purpose. Work will be commenced
at once and is to be completed in ninety
days. Ten miies of pipe will be laid.
AN INSOLVENT AUTOHER
George S. Dittu* Succumb* to Bad Debt*
and Dull Time*
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 16.— Councilman
George B. Dittus, who has been engaged
in the butcher business in this city for a
number of years, tiled a petition in insolv
ency yesterday. His liabilities aggregate
17324 59, to offset which are assets amount
ing to $2955. The failure is alleged to be
the result of bad debts, decrease in busi
ness and a stringency in the money
market.
Y. M. C. A. INDEETEDNESS
Effort* Being Made to Prevent the Fore-
closure oj a Mortgage.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 16.— The execu
tive committee of the Young Men's
Christian Association are making every
effort to raise the necessary funds to pay
off $20,000 indebtedness standing against
the association.
At present there is a suit pending to
foreclose a ? 15,000 mortgage on the associ
ation's building on North Second street.
On Wednesday, June 24, a systematic can
vass of the city will be made by some 300
canvassers. Already nearly $9000 of the
necessary amount has been subscribed,
and the committee feel confident tbat the
full amount of the indebtedness will be
raised.
The deepest running Btream in the world
is said to be the Niagara River just under
the suspension bridge.
Fkvertshnkps of the scalp soon canses bald
ness. Avar's Hair Vigor cools and cleanses the
scalp and clothes it with beauty.
DEACON MORSE
WILL RESIGN
Concludes That He Is Not
Needed in the First
Church.
TO FOLLOW DR. BROWN.
Aspires to Become the Leader of
the Unfrocked Pastor's
Followers.
NEW MINISTER TO BE CALLED.
The Trustees and Members of the
First Church Determined to Again
Open Its Doors.
Deacon I. H. Morse has finally deter
mined to sever all connection with the
First Congregational Church. At a meet
ing of the board of trustees and officers of
the society called for to-morrow night Mr.
Morse will tender his resignation, the
same to take effect immediately.
Along with the severance of his connec
tion with the twice-scandalized church,
the senior deacon hurls a sort of defiance
at bis former associates by falling bodily
into the camp of the unfrocked Brown.
It has been well understood all along
that Mr. Morse was hand and glove with
the ex-pastor of the First Church, but no
one ever dreamed for a moment that his
loyalty to the man would cause him to
sever his relations with the church. They
looked for a long, hard battle for the prop
erty of the society, but they never ex
pected Brown's chief lieutenant to fall
down at the first defeat.
Deacon Morse, however, goes further
than a mere alliance with Brown. He
proposes and has already organized in a
way a church or following for his minis
terial friend. He intends to stick to it for
all time to come, that is, as long as Brown
is at the head. When tnat gentleman
ceases to be the bright, particular star,
then he will pin his faith to some other
denomination.
"There is no secret about this matter at
all," said Deacon Morse last night. "So
far as i am able to see, there is no possible
way of harmonizing the First Church,
and without this it could not be placed on
a paying basis. Dr. Brown tried for sev
eral years to do it, but failed ; though if
he had been let alone in this last crisis I
think he might possibiy have pulled us
through.
"I am with Dr. Brown first, last and al
ways, and propose to exercise my best
efforts to keep afloat the organization
started some weeks ago. There is no doubt
of its success, however. Dr. Brown is one
of the best drawing preachers in America
to-day, though 1 do not want it understood
that his hearers are largely transient. The
new church at Go>ien Gate Hall, for it is
a church and will always be so, is an ideal
institution.
and is bound to be popular as well as self
supporting. Our actual expenses are only
$1800 per annum. This is for rent. The
pastor receives such a sum as the congre
gation is willing to give. The following
circular issued June 1 will explain in a
way how we expect to support the insti
tution :
San Francisco, June 1, 1896.
It Is proposed that regular preaching, Sun
day-bchooi, Christian Endeavor and Wednes
day evening services be maintained in
Golden Gate Hall, under the direction of
Rev. Charles O. Brown, D.D. The success
of the services which have heretofore been
held under these auspices warrant us in
the belief that a large and useful religious
work can be done, and that the time and place
Is propitious. To this end we invite monthly
subscriptions for the support of this move
ment. We look to a large number of small
subscriptions rather than that the burden of
support should be borne by a few
large givers. In co-operation and mone
tary interest, however small, there is great
strength and certain success. By signing the
inclosed pledge and dropping the same upon
the plate, you will indicatn your interest and
sympathy, and for convenience in collecting
you will be furnished envelopes, properly num
bered, and your account will be credited with
payments either weekly or monthly, as is
found to be most convenient to the subscriber.
Yours truly, D. W. Folger, Treasurer.
P. B.— Arrangements have already been made
with James Hamilton Howe, and a choral
choir will be organized at an early date,
which we trust will be an important and
pleasing auxiliary.
"Dr. Brown expected to go East, but his
friends prevailed upon him to remain
here. He has a grand field before him,
and with no dissension among his follow
ers there is no reason why the Golden
Gate Hail church, under his pastorate,
should not prove a brilliant success. I
think I shall withdraw altogether irom
Congregationalism, though I have not
fully decided on this point as yet. There
is no head to the church, and I am conse
quently disgusted with it."
In the meantime there is every prob
abilty that the old First Congregational
Church will open its doors within the next
four months. The abortive attempt of
Deacon Morse, backed by Deacons Dexter
and Vasconcellos, to sell the church over
the heads of the congregation has aroused
the ire of the trustees and the members
forming the backbone of the society.
They are now casting about for a minis
ter who can bring the church together
again. Now that Deacon Morse is out
they anticipate no difficulty in accom
plishing this and ultimately placing the
church on a firm paying basis.
GROVER TALKS AGAINST SILVER.
The President Thinks That Working for
Gold Is Working for the Country's
Good,
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 16.-Presi
dent Cleveland to-day made the following
roply to a representative of the New York
Herald, who asked of the President a
statement concerning the Democratic situ
ation: Mr. Cleveland said : "I have made
no figures as to the probable action of del
egates already chosen, or to be chosen, to
the Democratic National Convention, but
I refuse to believe that when the time
arrives for deliberate action there will be
engrafted upon our Democratic creed a
demand for the free, unlimited and inde
pendent coinage of silver.
"I cannot believe this, because I know
the Democratic party is neither unpatri
otic nor foolish, and because it seems clear
to me that such a course will inflict a very
great injury upon every interest of our
country which it has been the mission of
Democracy to advance and will result in
strong disaster to our party organization.
There is great hope that as a means of suc
cess this free silver proposition, after its
thorough discussion during a political
campaign will attract a majority
of the voters of the country.
It must be that many of the
illusions influencing those now relying
upon this alleged panacea for their ills
will be dispelled before the time comes for
them to cast their ballots, which will ex
press their sober second thought. The
adoption by the Democracy of this propo
sition would, I belieye, give to our oppo
nents an advantage both in the present
and future which they do not deserve.
"My attachment to true Democracy is so
strong that I consider its work as identical
with the promotion of the country's good.
This ought sufficiently to account for my
anxiety that no mistake be made at our
party convention. In my opinion no
effort should be spared to secure such ac
tion of the delegates as will avert party
demoralization.
"It is a place for consultation and com
parison of views and those Democrats who
believe in the cause of sound money
should there be heard and be constantly
in evidence. A cause worth fighting for
is worth fighting for to the end. If sound
money Democrats suppose there is danger
of a mistake being made such danger
should stimulate their activity in averting
it instead of creating discouragement.
"I am very far from arrogating to my
self a controlling influence upon the
policy of my party; but as an unflinching
Democrat who has been honored by his
party and who desires hereafter no greater
political privileges than to occupy the
place of private in its ranks, I hope I may
not be blamed for saying thus much at
this time in the interest, as it seems to me,
of the grand old organization, so rich in
honorable traditions, so justly proud of its
achievements and always so undaunted
and brave in its battles for the people's
welware."
MAINE DEMOCRATS.
The Third I) it trie t favor* Gold, Silver
and Pfiper Money.
WATERVILLE, Me., June 16.— The
Democratic Third District Convention to
day nominated delegates to Chicago and
Melvin O. Holway of Augusta was nomi
nated for Congress. The resolutions
adopted favor the use of gold and silver as
standard money and the coinage of both
without discrimination, surrounded by
such safeguards as shall insure a parity of
the two metals, and that paper currrency
shall be kept at par with such coinage.
DIAMOND THIEVES CAUGHT.
Two Expert* Arrested at the Planter*'
Hotel, »t. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 16.— Dora Donegan
and Jennie Monroe, said to be the most
expert diamond thieves in the country,
were arrested just as they were preparing
to enter the Planters' Hotel by detectives
of Chicago and St. Louis. The women
had their baggage with them and ap
parently intended to register. Dora Don
egan was convicted of stealing diamonds
in Chicago and served a term in the Joliet
Penitentiary. The police consider them
two of the best captures made since the
convention crowds began to gather.
Portland Race*.
PORTLAND, Ob., June 16.— Results at
Irvington to-day, trotting:
One mile— John Trouble, first; Moak 11., sec
ond. Time, 1:26}4.
Running, one-half mile, two-year-olds— Paul
Jones, first; Miss Heppner, second. Time,
SI 1 /*- ■
Running, three-eighths of a mile dash, I
Don't Know, first, Black Prince second. Time,
:3tiJ4- ... -: v • -. .. ... -
Running, five-eighths of a mile, Mount Roy
first, Joe Cotton second, Time, 1:03.
Running, three-quarters of a mile, Jim
Bozeman first, Free Will second. Time, I:ls}s.
BEHIND PRISON BARS
Startling Story of Conspiracy
and Fraud.
COUNTERFEITING MUNYON'S
REMEDIES.
Two Persons in Prison and
More to Follow.
The Wonderful Success of Mun
yon's Improved Homoeopathic
Remedies Has Induced Unscru
pulous Persons to Flood the Mar
ket With Spurious Goods.
San Francisco people will be glad to learn that
a great fraud has been exposed, »r>l that a con
spiracy- to flood the market with cot aterfeit goods
has been nipped in the bud.
All will agree with Professor Munv on that there
Is no greater crime than palming off worthless
medicines on the sick and that no (unlshment Is
too severe for imitators and counterfeiters.
It seems hardly credible that then' can be found
persons so mean, so selfish, and so neartless as to
engage in a business to deceive and take advan
tage of suffering humanity, yet it Is so, for no
sooner Is a meritorious remedy full/ established,
the confidence of the people justly yon. than the
country is deluged with counterfeit and worthless
imitations. Probably no concern ha< had so many
rascally imitators to contend with e.s the Munyon
Homoeopath ie Remedy Company. Owing to the
wonderful success of these reme'lies, homoeo
pathic medicine companies have sprang up like
mushrooms, under various names, each claiming
to be better than the other. Some of these com
panies have deliberately copied the Munyon ad
vertisements, almost bodily, stealing whole pages
from Munyon's ■ -Guide to Health," with scarcely
a change, while every cunning device has been
adopted to mislead and deceive the public.
For more than a year Professor Munyon has
been satisfied that his goods were being jugKled
with in some fraudulent manner. Suspected em
ployes were discharged, and every measure taken
to detect the culprits, but it was not until the last
month that he was able to lay his hands upon the
chief conspirators. He has now in prison one of
his former employes and a confederate by the
name of C. H. Ferron, alias C. H. Fanola. Ferron,
it seems, has been working for more than a year
in conjunction with dishonest employes of the
Munyon Company. Goods, labels and material
were surreptitiously taken from the Munyon
Laboratory, pellets were bought by the barrel, a
little alcohol was poured upon them and they were
placed upon the market as the genuine Munyon
Remedies. Fortunately the Munyon Company
had taken precaution to have the metal cap which
covers their vials stamped with the words "Mun
yon's Homoeopathic Remedies." This the counter
feiters could not imitate, on account of the great
expense and the unwillingness of honest me
chanics to mane a counterfeit die. As soon as the
fraud was discovered the Munyon Company dis
patched representatives throughout the country
and gathered in all the spurious goods, but Pro
fessor Munyon advises all persons who bny the
remedies to see tbat the metal cap is marked
"Munyon's Homoeopathic Remedies." Ferron
declared when arrested that he was led Into this
business by a "cutter" in the West, who conld not
buy Munyon's goeds direct and who gave him the
money to buy $2000 worth of remedies, ostensi
bly to go to Mexico. Seeing how rapidly these
goods sold, and finding some willing allies In the
employes of the Munyon Company he embarked
In the bogus business. It. seems that one dealer in
New York alone had bought over 9 7000 of these
imitation goods. Professor Munyon promises to
: robe this matter to the bottom, and we sincerely
hope that be will be aole to bring all parties con
cerned In this despicable fraud to justice. There
is a drug firm In San Francisco putting up a lini
ment claiming to be Munyon's, but which the
Munyon Company has nothing to do with. All
Munyon's goods bear a trademark. See that the
name is spelled Munyon's.
n 1 1 11 I 2? \\\ \\l \
IT IS THE WASTE* THAT YOU MUST STOP. ■
When you find your nerves becoming weaker
and weaker day by day, when yon find your Jar-
ring nerves d« not respond to the exigencies of
time or place, it is then time for you to use a '
remedy that ' will make yon a really strong man.
Hndyao will do It. Use the great Hudyan for
Constipation, Nervous Disorders, Liver and Kid-
ney Troubles, and have yourself restored.
Send for FREE Circulars and
Testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
TAIXTRt* BLOOD.— blood, doe t* se-
rious private disorders, carries myriad« of ••re-
producing germs. Then come sore throat, pim-
ples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mooth, old
•ores ami falling hair. Ton can save a trip t*
Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to the
•Id) physicians *t tba
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sta.
LIVER.— Wbeo your liver Is affceted you may
feel bine, melancholy, irritable and easily dis-
contented. You will notice 1 many symptoms that
yon really, have and many that you really do not
have. Ton need a good liver regulator, and this
yon should take at once. You can get it from
us. Write for book *n liver troubles, "All About
the Liver." Sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and XUIa Sta.
KIDNEY remedies are now sought for by many
men, because so many men live rapid lives— us*
up their kidneys. If yoa wish to have yoor kid-
neys pat in good order send for oar Kidney Regu-
lator, or, better, learn something aboat your kid-
neys, and now to make the test. The book, "A
Knowledge of Kidneys," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Marks* and EUU Streets. .
. SAW FRANCISCO, CAX»
STATEMENT
_ —OF TDK—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE —
MAGDEBURG
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG, GERMAN i, ON THE 31ST
\J day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash ........: »760,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $390,611 25
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 1,068,178 03
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,267,636 84
Cash in Company's Office 6,179 63
Cash in Banks. 839,315 97
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans. 18,636 54
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 233,669 '-'»
Due by other Companies for Rein-
surances 779,553 48
Total assets. $5,058,678 85
w ■
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense.... 9157,032 06
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less , re-
insurance 60 per cent. 1,606,719 93
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine more than one year
reinsurance pro rata 240,065 87
Cash Dividends Remaining Unpaid. 1,113 50
All Other Demands Against the
Company.... .. 268,219 57
Total liabilities. $2,573,150 99
INCOME. — —
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums $3,599,321 98
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages... 49.651 61
Received for interest and dividends '
on Bonds, blocks. Loans and
from all other sources 90,033 94
Received for Kents. . . H5.493 66
Received for Policy and writing fees. 81,169 43
Received tor Gain on Exchange ... 66,770 26
Received for Profit on sale of Real
Estate.... 26,528 44
Total Income $3,877,967 29
EXPENDITURES.
Net amonnt paid for Fire Losses
■ (Including 9805,225 41 losses of
previous years) $2,631,399 12
Dividends to Stockholders 300,000 00
Paid or Allowed for Commission or
8r0kerage......:.. 700,032 66
Paid for Salaries fees • and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc . . 226,881 23
Paid for State, National and local
taxes..... : 37,665 16
All other Payments and Kxpendl- >
tures. 131,550 45
Total expenditures $4,027,528 65
Fire ■ losses incurred "
during the year... $2,631, 12
ROBT. TSCHMARKK, President.
E. F. MIETHKK, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th day
of March, 1896. '
JULIUS MUTH, U. S. Consul at Magdeburg.
GITTE & FRANK, Managers.
303 California St., S. F.
COAL! COAL!
Wellington $10 00
Southneld.. 9 60 ****
Genuine Coos Bay 6 50— Half ton. B*so
5eatt1e........... 8 00— Half ton. 400
Bryant 7 00— Half ton. 400
Telephone— 35.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
522 Howard. Street. Near First.
PChleliestor'a E&gllab DUuaoaa Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-4iuV , Orl *', B »l»*«l Only Genuine. A.
£)K Js«& B?ff(fw ffcr"fl^. """" Mk ii«\.
tr^f^^H^ mo *d Brand in Halt ud Gobi m*uuie \V29
> "'A* < * Ud J Tith M" ribbon Tak«V^
I / wmr*** *** imitnMim*. AtDrvuitM. orawwt a.
1-11 s/iSiSSJCr-'^^* ll^^^WHEELMEN WILL
FIGHT RAILROADS
The Assistance of the Legis
lature Will Be De
manded.
NO CHARGE ON BICYCLES
Pattern Taken After the Deter
mined Cyclists of New
York City.
A BILL IS NOW BEING DEAWN.
ChieF Consul Frank H. Kerrigan's
View on the Final Outcome
of the Matter.
Chief Consul Frank H. Kerrigan of the
North California Division League of
American Wheelmen took the first steps
yesterday in a great movement that will
result in a bitter fight before the next
Legislature to force tne Southern Pacific
.Railroad Company to place bicycles on the
same footing as baggage and to treat them
accordingly. It has long been the inten
tion of the league representatives to de
mand what the wheelmen deem to be
their rights in the matter, and the subject
was brought to a sudden focus on Satur
night last when an important meeting
was held at the Reliance Club in Oakland.
At that gathering a letter from Chief
Consul Monoghan of tbe Southern Cali
fornia Division was raad in which the
writer, addressing Chief Consul Kerrigan,
stated that he had been credibly informed
that the Southern Pacific Company was
about to put into effect a charge on all
bicycles carried on its lines between no
matter what points.
Chief Consul Kerrigan advocated im
mediate action by the division, saying
that there was no time like the present,
while politics were boiling, for fighting
such a measure, and showing the strength
of the league to defeat laws calculated to
work hardships on the cyclists.
It was agreed by the representative
wheelmen present that any such regula
tion by the company must be fought tooth
and nail, and Consul Kerrigan was em
powered to take such immediate steps as
would lead to the desired results.
The league has sixty-five local repre
sentatives under the jurisdiction of the
division in the various towns of Northern
California, and to each of these Consul
Kerrigan addressed himself yesterday.
He called attention to the statement that
the railroad company was about to im
pose a charge for the transportation of
bicycles and to the fact that the influence
of the wheelmen, if properly and imme
diately exe»ted, could easily defeat such a
project by having the Legislature pass a
law placing bicycles on the same plane as
baggage aud no other.
Each of the local consuls and repre
sentatives was asked to see the member of
the Legislature from his locality, person
ally if possible, and urge upon him the
necessity of such a law to protect the
rights of the wheelmen. All were cau
tioned not to let the matter drop with one
effort, but to keep at it persistently until
the Legislature has acted in accordance
with the wishes of the division, and as
most of the local consuls are men of busi
ness and affairs their influence is expected
to be felt at once.
"We will win this fight on its merits,
just as the New York wheelmen won
theirs on the same subject," said Chief
Consul Kerrigan yesterday after admit
ting that the movement was on foot. "We
did not care to have this matter made
public just yet, but as long as it is out we
may as well go ahead.
"The present regulations of the com
pany, while they may be satisfactory to
the majority of San Francisco wheelmen,
are not so to the division. Borne time ago
the company made a regulation that ail
wheels carried to and from San Francisco
and interior towns within a certain radius
should travel free, while those transported
between two interior towns— Sacramento
and Stockton, for instance— must pay a
tax of 25 cents. As I said before, San
Francisco wheelmen might be satisfied
with this, inasmuch as they have nothing
to pay, but tbe Northern California Di
vision is not run for San Francisco alone,
and we are bound to protect our interior
members from what appears to be unjust
discrimination.
"On the top of this comes the rumor
that within a short time the thousands of
bicycies that travel in and out of San
Francisco weekly by train must pay just
as our interior brothers do.
'Ibis, of course, is not to be tolerated,
and I do not think that it will be.
"The passage of the Armstrong bill by
the New York Legislature is an evidence
of what the wheeling interest will do. The
cyclists of New York State were com
pelled to pay for the transportation of
their wheels for even short distances, and
rebelled. They had a bill drawn making
it necessary for the railroad companies to
accept wheels as baggage, and passed it
through the Legislature without a hitch
in spite of the vast railroad influence
arrayed against it
'■It was predicted that Governor Morton
would not sign it, but he did it and no
doubt some hundreds of telegrams from
consuls and wheelmen all over the coun
try had something to do with the prompt
ness with which he affixed his signature.
"Cfaauncey Depew, the railroad mag
nate was in California when the bill was
signed and immediately on his return to
New York announced that he would
light the legality of he measure. lam
told that he could not be elected pound
master of New York after the antagonism
he has engendered among the wheelmen.
•'Our committee on rights and privil
eges acting with the transportation com
mittee is now drafting a bill on the lines
of the Armstrong bill and every member
of the Legislature will be familiar with it
before he goes to Sacramento for the next
session."
HIS HONOR BUNKOED
Judge Campbell the Victim of a Very
Old Trick.
Judge Campbell was feeling very sore
yesterday morning and he would like to
Know the man who was the cause of it.
"I have been bunkoed out of a dollar,"
said the Judge, as he stroked his whiskers.
"It isn't for the value of it, but I hate to
be played for a hayseed ana I ought to
have Known better.
"Some one telephoned to the .New
Western Hotel last night that a mes
senger would call with an important let
ter for me and to pay the messenger a
dollar and he would pay it in the morning.
The letter came and "the messenger got
the dollar.
"The lette? was handed to me this
morning and I paid the dollar. On open
ing the letter I found it was written in a
disguised hand and offered to sell me a
lot in Berkeley cheap. It was signed J.
M. Cassidy. It is an old bunko game and
I might have known better. I guess they
will have the laujrh on me."
LOST IN A BIG CITY.
Unfortunate Predicament of Irving
Markwart, a Bright Boy From
Ophir, Placer County.
Irving Markwart, a bright boy 11 years
of age, is in the City Prison, and the police
are making every effort to find his friends.
He is an orphan and had been employed
on Mrs. M. Geach's ranch at Ophir, Placer
County.
His elder brother, Arthur, is a pupil in
the California School of Mechanical Arts,
which is ciosed for the vacation. Last
weeK Arthur wrote Mrs. Geach to send
Irving to the City either Saturday or Sun
day last, as he was going on a vacation to
Jackson, Amadjr County, and he would
be at the Oakland mole to meet him.
Irving arrived Monday night and his
brother was not there. He waited at the
mole till the last boat and crossed over to
tlxe City. He told a policeman at the
ferry of "his plight and the officer took him
to the Harbor police station and later sent
him in the patrol wagon to the City
Prison.
Irving did not know his brother's ad
dress and, though he has friends in Oak
land, yet he does not know their addrt^s
either. Captain Robinson has made him
as comfortable as possible in the prison.
JUDGE HUNT FREES HEALY
His Marriage Contract With
Lucretia Carpenter Is
Annulled.
Both Parties to the Ceremony Are
Either in Hiwaii or on th 3
Way There.
Judge Hunt yesterday annulled the mar
riage contracc between Frederick A. Healy,
son of Captain Healy, late of the revenue
service, and Lucretia May Carpenter. So
ends a romance that began in the wine
cup and ended in a divorce court.
Young Healy was a few months ago
studying law in the offices of Henley A:
Costello. He one day received a letter from
a couple of Chicago friends who were about
to visit San Francisco, and secured a leave
of absence for a few days in order to show
the strangers about the City. Healy is a
convivial chap, and so evidently are his
friends, for it was testified yesterday that
all were more or less intoxicated during
the stay of the Chicagoans.
On Friday evening. March 27 of this
year, Healy became acquainted with Lu
cretia Carpenter.
Healy was intoxicated, and soon pro
posed that Miss Carpenter accompany
him on the rounds of the town. She con
sented, and the two left in a carriage.
Nothing more was seen of them until
early next morning, when they announced
that they had been married. They had
in some manner secured a marriage
license and were joined in wedlock at
about 11 o'clock.
Healy became repentant as soon as ne j
became sober, and at once left his bride I
and sought the advice of his friend. Bare- j
lay Henley. He told Henley the story i
and expressed a desire to be sent on a sea 1
voyage.
Henley secured passage for Healy on a ;
barkentine bound for Hawaii and then ,
brought suit for the annulment of the '
marriage. The wife made no objection, i
so Judge Hunt, after hearin? the testi
mony of several witnesses, annulled the
marriage.
It is said that Lucretia Carpenter is now i
in Honolulu or on her way there to see i
Healy.
THEY ARE DISCOVERED
S. X. Wood & Co. and the Columbian i
Woolen Mills Are Identical.
Heretofore the proprietors of the Co- j
lumbian Woolen Mills have not deemed j
it necessary to couple their firm name j
with their establishment, for the reason '
that they have built up a reputation to be ;
envied simply under the name of the j
Columbian Woolen Mills. But the rule !
that successful business enterprises al- j
ways find imitators or would-he imitators !
found no exception in this case, and at- j
tempts have been made to infringe upon
their name by would-be rivals.
In order to protect the public they have
deemed it advisable to couple the firm :
name of S. N". Wood <fc Co. with that of j
the Columbian Woolen Mills. The two
an identical, are one and the same insti
tattoo and always have been, arid their
statement to this effect is nothing more |
nor less than an announcement to the j
public that S. N. Wood & Co., the mem- i
bers of wnich are S. N. Wood. M. Wood, I
B. Wood and A. L. Peyser, are proprie
tors of the widely known and popular
Columbian Woolen Mills.
This institution is strictly a home indus- j
try. It is up to date in all its methods j
and it produces first-class ultra-fashiona- j
bie men's clothing made to order for the I
most reasonable prices.
The Market-street store (No. 541) has j
just been remodeled and is now better ar- j
ranged than ever to transact the large vol
ume of business which S. N. Wood & Co. !
enjoy. They have only one brancn store i
in the City, and that is located at 211
Montgomery street, and all who wish to I
avail themselves of the advantages in I
prices, quality and workmanship, which
this house offers to its patrons should |
carefully note the streets and numbers of
these two stores.
BUILDING AT THE MISSION
A Three-Story Structure to Be Erected
on Valencia Street.
A substantial three-story building is
soon to be put up on the west side of Va- '
lencia street between Twenty-first and '
Hill. A small old-fashioned cottage
which has stood on the lot for years has
been moved away, and work on the new
building will How be commenced.
Martens & Coffey, the architects, have i
submitted plans to John W. Salter, the |
owner, and bids are now being received, j
The building, which will consist of a store j
on the ground floor and flats above, will j
be modernly equipped, and is expected to
cost in the heigh borbood of $9000.
■.- • ■» 9 ■_■
A Match Causes Death.
Ellen O'Keefe, the i2J£-year-old daughter of
Michael O'Keefe, 1122 Harrison street, died
from burns received Thursday last. The little
child, with her brother and two neighboring
the boys struck a match, accidentally g
nttinc: the hay. Before O'Keefe'n child could
escape she received burns which finally re
sulted in her death.
Given Six Hunths Each,
The seven Chinese, Ah Young, Ah Shaw, Ah
Jim, Ah Cling, Ah Ling, Ah Hunsr and Ah
Sintr, convicted in the United States District
Court on Friday last, of violating the Cami
ninetti act, regulating hydraulic mining, were
sentenced to six months in the Alameda
County jail.
—.. « |
A New Mining Company. •■.■-••
The Larch Mining Company was yesterday
incorporated by Samuel L. Lent, John F. Hin
richs, E. M. Atwood, George T. Ruddick and
W. D. Chambers. The capital stock is $1,000,- |
UOO, of which $500 has been paid in.
IxJANSon watches. Jewelry, silverware, at Cncle I
Ilarru', 15 Graut avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896.
FAIR TEACHERS
OF THE FUTURE.
A Hundred Girls Graduated
From the Normal
School.
MUSIC AND ESSAYS.
Original Illustrative Motion
Songs by the Stu
dents
GIRLS SALUTE OLD GLORY.
An Address by State Superintendent
S. T. Black— The Distribution
of Diplomas.
Youth and beauty, >it and wisdom
were well and worthily represented last
evening in the auditorium of the Girls'
High School, where the girls of the San
Francisco Normal School, a hundred
strong, were holding their graduating ex
ercises.
Tue smiling young graduates, future
teachers, occupied seats upon the stage,
whicU was picturesquely decorated with
palms, ferns and umbrella plants, sup
plied from the greenhouse of the Girls'
High School, and the lower floor end gal
lery were filled with an attentive audience
of some hfteen hundred ladies aud gentle
men.
After a musical prelude, "To Thee, O
Country," original essays were read by
Cecelia Friedlander on "The Story of a
Life," Martha Carew on 'Our Standard,"
j Helle Kincaid on "Bad Boys," Theresa
Sharkey on "The Alpha and Omega."
These papers evinced much common-sense
j and literary culture ana reflected credit
; upon their teachers as well as the students.
The following original kindergarten
songs, realistically and gracefully illus
i tratett by the class with typical motions,
! were next given, to the great delight of
I the audience:
"The Boat .Sail," words by Clara Baker;
I "The Herdsman's Soncr," words ana music by
i ArMie Casamayou; "The Blacksmith," class
I of IS<>4; "The Old Mill," words and music by
I Blanche Fairweather; "Calling ihe Cows, 1 '
i words by Alicia Campbell ; "Plumber Song."
j words by Kthel Kennedy; "Haying Sonji,"
i words by Isabel Evans.
"The Baker's Song," by Rebe McFeely;
"The Skaters," by Louise Crocker; "The
! Man in tue Moon," by Josephine Kelly,
and "Sowing Seeds," by Dora Walters
| were also among tlie original contributions
i of the students, but the time did not per
: mit them to be sung, though all were
j equally meritorious.
At the conclusion of the Kindergarten
I singing, the girls rose, and repeating the
school pledge of loyalty, gracefully sa
luteil the handsome American flag which
drooped from its tall staff at the foot of
the stage, and feelingly sang "The Star
spangled Banner."
Samuel T. Black, State Superintendent
of Public Instruction, in a brief but forci
ble address, complimented the school and
gave the graduates some timely advice
upon the responsibilities they were as
suming in entering into the ranks of the
professional teachers. The diplomas were
then presented to the graduates by Super
intendent Babcock and the exercises were
concluded with the singing of the National
anthem, "America. '■
Miss Laura T. Fowler, the principal of
the San Francisco Normal School and the
worthy successor of the latt James G.
Kennedy, has good reason to be proud of
her girls. Since its establishment in
1876 1400 female teachers in round
numbers have been graduated from this
school, and many of them are now teach
ing successfully in the public schools in
various sections of the State. Miss Fowler,
a graduate of Parker College, New York,
came to California in 18(i2, and for the last
thirty years has been in continuous ser
vice in the San Francisco School De
partment.
Samuel T. Black, who was elected in
1894 as State Superintendent of Public In
struction, succeeding Professor J. W.
Anderson, is widely known by the school
teachers of California, who recognize him
as a progressive, conscientious educator.
LINCOLN SCHOOL.
(The Biggest Institution of Its Kind
In the United States.
The biggest school of its class in the
j United States is the Lincoln Evening
I School of San Francisco. It has been
j established since lWil and for the Jast
i eleven years its principal has been A. H.
\ Mac Donald. It has some 1600 students of
j nearly all ages and nationalities enrolled.
At the closing exercises, held last right
j in Odd Fellows' Hall, the graduates re-
I ceived their diplomas from Deputy School
Superintendent Charles B. Stone. Follow
ing is a list of the medal winners:
Denman medal pnpils— Vincent Genevieve
I Francis, Florence Ready, Elizabeth M. Phillips.
Bridge medal pupils— G. R. Morgan, W. Stark,
R. Crothers, J. H. Tiedeman, J. E. Carney, Q.
G. Bakofsky, R. E. Hancock, M. H. Collor, ii.
F. Johannsen, J. J. Griffin, T. E. Brandon, G.
j E. Krueger, D. Kleinmann, H. J. Thomas, T. E.
j Eccles.
Appended is the programme:
Overture, Schillerbund band; declamation,
"On Board the Cumberland," Thomas Bran-
I don; declamation, ''General Scott and the
j Veteran," Miss May Greggains; vocal solo, R.
' J. Wright; essay, "The Benefits of the Lincoln
Evening School," G. R. Morgan; violin duet.
! Professor A. A. Soloman and Mrs. L. D. Mac
l Donald; declamation, "Captain Molly," Miss
| Ella Mansfield; vocal solo, B. E. Dolan; essay,
! "The Days of Chivalry," Richard P. Henshall.
Director Charles A. Murdock presided.
Director Henderson made a brief address,
I and the literary exercises were concluded
with the salutation to the American flag
j and the conferring of the medals. Then
there was a social dance.
MEDAL WINNERS.
I Briftht Boys and Girls of tha Wash
ington Evening School.
The closing exercises of the Washington
Evening School, of which Miss P. M.
Nolan is principal, took place last night
at California Hall, Director Thomas R.
Knox presiding.
After an overture by the orchestra came
a class poem by Georgiana Williams;
a cornet solo, "Young America," by Louis
[ Ortion ; a recitation, "Nathan Hale, or the
Martyr Spy," by Robert Dunphy; a vocal
solo, "Only Me," by May Hill ; an oration,
"To Be or Not To Be," by Lawrence F.
Faure; soiir, "Good Night, M oy the gradu
ates.
Director A. Comte then presented the
diplomas and Director C. A. Clinton
handed around tne medals, which, were
won by the following well-behaved and
scholarly boys and girls: Olga Geriscb,
Lawrence F. Faure, Frank L. Maino, Wil
liam Harrison, Thomas McKevitt, Harrie
Wright Gilban and B. A. Louis.
Pacific Heights School.
Following is the programme of exercises
which took place yesterday at the Pacific
Heights Grammar School:
Song, '-Sweet Vale of Rest," by the gradu
ates; reminiscences of Scott day, Longfel
low day; song, "A Wish for the Moun
tains." by the graduates; reminiscences
of Burns day; song, "Blow, Bugle,
Blow", (with cornet), by the graduates;
reminiscences of Shakespeare Day ; selection,
by Pacific. Heights Orchestra; recitation,
"The Builders," by the graduates; address, by
SiiDerlntendent M. Babcock; distribution of
diplomas io Class of '90; distribution of
medals; song, -'Auld Lang Lyne."
Hamilton School Graduates.
Following is the list of tbe graduates of
the Hamilton Grammar School:
Lottie Andrews, Sarah Baker, Mary Baptistft,
Ernestine Bnsi-h, Sadie Brock, Annie Brady,
Frorence Benjamin, Fred Barkman, Ida Gil
lespie, Verna Harrison, Elsie Harris,
Frieda Hauser, Zita Hastings, Eugenia
Hoey, George Hays, Henry Haake,
Irving Brock, Arthur Brown, Ethel Claike,
Ruth Clarke, Sylvia Coblentz, Alice Cook,
Anna Crowe, Walter Callender, Fannie de
Boom, Lillian Dow, Millie Kaskell, Minnie
Krnse, David Kosminsky, Alfred Krufft,
Elmer Krafft, Evelyn Lesser, Pearl Levin,
Juliet Levy, Henriette Lacoste, Albert Leseer,
Grace Duncan, Eva Donald, Clara Frankel,
Charles Flammer, Flossie Gordon, Rose Gra
ham, May Goldman, Henri Levy, Adoljih Levit,
Lester Levingston, Edna MacFadyen, Gertrude
Mayers, Lillian Moore, Rose Morris, Nellie
Morris, Emma Mamloek, Myrtle Morton, Anna
Meyer, Ray McKenuey, Willie Morris, Lulu
Wegener, F.rna WiCKer, Eva Walcom, Ma
bel Watt.s, Ttfeodore Watson, Jessie Zacharias,
Joseph Murphy, Edith Nicholls, Etta Parsons,
Mary O'Connoll, Melville Owen, Sam Oppen
heim, Louise Pon, Tillie Peters, Otto Paulseu,
Charles Pauson, Lillian Morrison, Margaret
Roche, George Ross, Henry Rogers, Josephine
Beavey, Lottie Bboenberg, Caroline Stevenson,
Rex Shaw, Granville Stewart, Lester Scheeline,
Edith Trewaras, William Vorrath, Jrvvin
Jewell. ... ,
NANSEN'S POLAR EXPEDITION.
The Kxplorer Likely to Pay for an "Un-
rqualed Latitude" With Mis Life.
The continuing interest of the unsolved
polar mystery has been strikingly illus
trated by the eagerness with which the
press of the world has caught at every
word that seems to indicate the success
and safety of the brave Norwegian in his
dangerous drift-voyage toward the north
pole.
Dr. Fridtjof Nan ten, born in 1861, be
came fanfous by crossing, first of all men,
the inland ice of Greenland in 1888 from
Tmivik, 64 (leg. 45 mm. north, on the east
coast, to Kangersunek fiord, fifty miles
south of Godthaab. Later he Conceived a
novel and dangerous plan for polar work.
Ignoring t lie accepted rules of "ice naviga
tion—of avoiding hesetinent and following
the protected lee of land masses — he
decided to put his sliip into the ice
to the north of the New Sibe
rian Islands, whence he believed that
he wouid be carried by ocean cur
rents across the pole to the Spitzber
gen Sea. His steamer, Fram, 120 feet
long, with an oak hull 30 inches
thick and sheathed with greenheart, was
built so as to rise under ice pressure, as
he claimed. The crew of twelve was pro
visioned for live years, though he ex
pected, by a drift of a little over two
miles per day, to reach tlie Atlantic in
two yparp. N*o explorer of experience in
dorsed the plan; but with undaunted
courage Nansen sailed on June 2i, 1893,
and, entering the Pea of Kara, was Jast
seen to tbe east of Nova Zembla in Sep
tember, £880 lHe visited neither the
Tatinur peninsula nor ihe New Siberian
Islands, as events have since shown.
February 13, 18'.i(>, a dispatch from Ir
kutsk, on the authority of Konchnareff, an
agent of Nansen, stated that the explorer,
having reached land-masses at the north
pole, \vas now returning. Two days later
a dispatch from Archangel confirmed
the first report in general terms only.
From the beginning no credit was
given to these dispatches by any
American Arctic explorer or student.
Melville, Schutze. pall and the writer were
strenuous in disbt-iief, but the story was
credited by scores of people both in F.urope
and this country, who did not find it pe
culiar that a story from the center of Asia
was confirmed from the north of Europe,
nor were surprised that such news 'came
from the Siberian Ocean in midwinter.
Through the Norwegian press Nansen's
relatives announce their disbelief in this
rumor.
As to the drift rclic3 found on the west
coast of Greenland, which were relied on
by Nansen as practical proof that his
theory of a drift voyage was correct, it
may be said that Melville, the man best
qualified to speak about the Jeannette,
denied at. the time their genuineness, and
endeavored without avail to have them
brought to tnis country. The writer pub
licly called Nansen's attention to tnis
question, which for the first time seems
to have created doubis iv his mind. Nan
sen made efforts to find the relics for v r
lfication, but they bad disappeared in toto.
While Nansen's journey is exceedingly
dangerous it woul'i not be astonishing if
he was able to return from his ship, if it
was lost south of 81 deg. north, to the
Asiatic coast, but il he really approached
the north pole, as is possible, before his
vessel was destroyed, it is safe to say that
he will pay for an unequaled latitude
with his life and carry the secret of his
well-earned success to his grave.— National
Geographic Magazine.
Young Diiraeii.
Young Disraeli's follies on board the
'Hermes are of a piece with his and his
companions' conduct here two years ago.
They are quite a byword at Corfu, the
names of Disraeli, Clay und Meredith
being never mentioned but to be laughed
at. They apologized for being too late for
dinner because the scenery of the island
did not enable them to think of such
things; accepted with hesitation an invi
tation to one of the regimental messes,
saying it was a trying thing to dine at a
mess; avowed their utter inability to dine
in anything but a large room, and, with
Sir Frederick Adam, who lives at what is
called the Palace, behaved as if they
thought their host was a very insignincent
person indeed compared with themselves.
Mr. Clay (Disraeli?) wore long ringlets
down his cheeks and was dressed in a
complete suit of blue lined with velvet,
with blue buttons and blue spurs. Being
asked by Sir Frederick what men deserved
who drank port wine, he replied: "They
deserve to be sent to England. "—From
the Lite of Sir John Franklin.
The One Man Barras PraUes.
Almost the only man who is praised
throughout the book (Barraa' Memoirs) is
a man who by universal assent deserved
the praise that he receives— Marshal Le
febvre. Due de Dantzic. the husband in
the well-known play (although perhaps nat
in real life) of "Mine. Sans-Ge«ie." Barms
never names him without speaking of his
courtesy, real goodness and perfect up
rightness of character, and this even at a
time when he was holding the highest of
fice under Napoleon, and. faithfully serv
ing one who to Barras was not only the
usurper, but the deadly oersonal foe. Bar
raß had much occasion for gratitude to Le
febvre, and with so bad a man as Barras
this might have been expected to secure
his hatred, bad he thought Lefebvre worth
it, but the .Due de Dantzic, as is well
known, was not an eagle, and he had the
tact never to write to Barras without tell
ing him how much he continued to feel
the invariable kindness which in the days
of the Directorate he himself had rsceived
from the Director.— London Atbentsuui,
TIBURON WILL
ENTERTAIN ALL
Active Preparations for an
Old-Fashioned Clam
bake.
TO BOOM THEIR TOWN.
Ample Accommodations Will Be
Made for All Who May
Come.
CULINARY IXPERTS SECURED.
A Grnuine Down-East Clam-Baker
Will Be the Presiding GiDius
at the Pis
The citizens of Tiburon are making elab
orate preparations for a great celebration
to be held there on Sunday, July 5. The
celebration will be a genuine old-fash
ioned down-East clam-bake, and, judging
by the arrangements being made., will ex
cel anything of tne kind ever given on the
coast and compare favorably with the fa
mous bakss of Rhode Island.
The bullshead breakfasts at SausalUo
have made the town so popular that the
enterprising Tiburon people, not to be
outdone in generosity and progressive
ness, have been quietly making prepara
tions for the feast. The beach between
the railroad company's landing and the
Corinthian Yacht Club's house is now be
ing cleared and made ready for the event,
which will be a memorable one in the
town annals. Rock and seaweed are be
ing gathered for the pits in which the
clams, ham, corn, chickens and corned
beef will be roasted.
The committee having the affair in
charge have met with encouraging suc
cess in raising the necessary funds, and
ample preparations will bo made to ac
commodate all who come. Upon the
beach will be built 480 feet of tables, which
will be loaded with all manner of good
things.
The clam pits will Jbe in charge of S. R.
Barnes, a noted clam-baker from Rhode
Island. Barney Gallindo, who has the
proud distinction of being the tir-t white
native born citizen of California, besides a
wide fame among epicures as a specialist
on barbecues and bulls-head breakfasts,
will have charge of tbe meats and vege
tables. Besides good things to eat, there
will also be drinkables, furnished by the
people of San Jose.
Everything w^ll be free lor all and the
citizens of Tiburon extend a general invi
tation to everybody to come and partake
of tbe feast. In addition to the banquet
there will also be boat-races iv the after
noon, most interesting of which will be a
two-mile ladies' race, in which crews from
Tiburon, Sausalito, Oakland, Alameda and
San Francisco will compete. A prize of
$50 will go to the winning crew and $2o to
tne crew coining in second. Tnere will
also be swimming trees in Tiburon cove.
The railroad company will run special
locals for the occasion, which will be an
nounced later on.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A Dime of 1892— J. A. M., City. A dime of
1892 coined in this City is worth just 10 cents.
Perpetual Motion— J. X., City. No reward
or premium is offered for the discovery of per
petual motion.
l.K>ron Law- M.', City. The State of Maine
was the iirst to pass a prohibitory liquor law,
That was in IS4O.
Voim; Stanford— J. P., City. Leland Stan
ford jr. died in Florence, Italy, March 13,
1884, at the age of 15 years.
Harrison J. I). M., City. Benjamin Harri
son, ex-i'resident of the I'nited States was
born at North Bend, Ohio, August 20, 1833.
SPBCTI Payment— J. B. McH., Dayton, Ncv.
On the 14th of July, 1875, Congress ordered
the resumption of specie payment of Govern
ment contracts, to take effect January 1, 1879.
Valley Railroad— ll. .S., City. Alexander
Mackie is the secretary of the San Joa<iuin
Valley Railroad. The business officp of the
company will, so far as is known at this time,
remain in Sun Francisco.
Foi'RTH-street Fire— W. T., Cherokee, Tvtol
umne County, Cal. In round numbers the
loss by the fire that on the nitrht of the 27th of
last June destroyed a great deal of property on
Fourth. Kifth, Bryant. WeNh, Freelou and
Bluxome streets was $350,000.
Bonds— C. E. R., Waterloo, Cal. The bonds
payable at the pleasure of the Government
were the 3 per cents. $S0&,528,000; 41.,4 1 ., pet
cents, $250,000,000, redeemable September I,
I*ol, ami *7r?7,t>'.:<>,7(M) of refunding certifi
cates redeemable July 1. 1907.
TupuEDO-BOAT— J. B. C., San Miguel Camp,
Cal. It is claimed that the fastest time ever
made by a torpedo-boat was that maae by the
British vessel Hornet. During athree hours'
trial in an estuary of the Thames the average
speed per hour was found to be 27.028 knots.
Letter-Carrier— ll. G. H., City. If you wish
to become v letter-carrier you will have to
make application to the postal authorities for
the necessary clanks to enable you to undergo
an examination under the civil-service rules.
Mich blanks can be obtained from the secre
tary to the postmaster.
Frvit Trees— A. G. A., City. A fruit crop
growing on trees on a homestead is considered
part of the homestead. In the case of Horgan
vs. Amrick, reported in 02 Cal., 401, it is held
that grain which was narvested lrom lands
constituting a homestead (lauds which before
the declaration were community property) is
not as such, exempt from execution.
New York Hiots— S. M., Pico Heights, Los
Angeles, CsL The New York riots alluded to
in your communication occurred between the
13th and the 17th of July, 1863. The infor
mation asked for is not obtainable in this City,
for the reason that the tile of the paper you
name is not to be had here. You will have to
write to that paper lor the data asketl.
A Driver's Right— \V. T., Cherokee, Tuol
umne County, Cal. The driver ot a stage car
rying the United States mall U bound by the
same law that governs other electors on elec
tion day. He can vote only in the oreclnct in
which he claims his residence and in wbicn he
hHB been registered. He cannot vote at any
precinct on the line over which he drives.
Fractional Cvrrkncy— G. C, Oakland, Cal.
Of the fractional currency issued by the
United States Government those of the de
nomination of 25 cjnts with perforated edges
like postage-stamps-, new and crisp, are worth
50 cents; those of the same denomination
with straight cut edges are worth 50 per cent
premium, and those that are known as the
Fessendeu, with "25" on Bolid bronze, are
worth $2 50.
McKinley's Ancestry — W, R., Philo, Cal.
William McKinley is Scotch-Irish by descent.
His ancestors immigrated to this country early
enough to have sons who took part in the War
of the Revolution. His ancestors came from
Scotland more than 200 years ago. His grand
father, Daniul McKinley, was distinguished
for gallantry nt Brandy wine, Germantown and
MuiiuioutU. His lather was au iron luanuiao
tnrer, who died in 1892, at the age of 83. His
mother is still living at Canton, Ohio. His
family moved from Pennsylvania to Ohi) in
1814. When 16 years of age he united with
the Methodist Episcopal church.
Cha.vbkk of Commerce— J. T. R., Santa Cruz,
Cal. The president of the Chamber of Com
merce of San Francisco is Hugh Craisc and the
secretary is \V. L. Merry. The president of the
Board ot Trade in A. A. Watkins aud the secre
tary is IL L. Smith.
Citizenship-J. S.. City. A foreigner who de
sires to declare his intention of becoming a
citizen of the Cnited States can make applica
tion to any department of the Superior Court.
He does not require any witnesses and no
charge is made if he should desire to obtain
his first iiapers in the United States D strict
Court or United States Circuit Court he will be
charged a small fee.
Directors — M. F., City. The Civil Code of
this State provides that the directors of an in
corporated association shall not be less than
five and not more than eleven, but that the
same may oe increnseu or diminished by v vote
of the majority of the stockholders or mem
bers to not less than tive nor more than eleven.
A quorum sh:Ul be that number that the
directors may decide upon.
Mining Laws- P. K.W., kelsey. Kern County.
Cal. To vote at an election for a recorder ol a
mining district the elector must be either a
citizen or one who has declared his intention
of becoming such. There is no iixed time for
the opening of the polls. Time is optional.
The electors appoint the board that controls
the election. If the election nan been set for a
certiiin day the recorder has no authority to
chaugu the duy.
A Note on Sunday— A. S., City. As there is
no Sunday law in this State a note given
on Sunday is 1< gal. There is no decision In
this Stale affecting tlie legality of a note given
on a legal holiday. A man who would borrow
money trom another on a lepul holiday ami
then seek to repudiate the obligation on the
ground that the transaction took place on a
dies non is no better than a common thief,
and he ought to be behind the bars.
HwiTZERi.ANn — Subscriber, City. The lan
guaee spoken in Switzerland at this time is the
German, French, Italian and Romansch. In
vestigation has led to the discovery of traces
of the Gaelic language spoken by people of
Southern Europe, and there is some c% r idence
that it was spoken in Italy. France, Switzer
land. Spain and Portugal, but when aud how
lone sii.ee people in the countries named
ceased using iliat language is not known.
Perspiration of the Feet— S., Sacramento,
Cal. Tha following is given for what it is
worth: "Seven ounces of carbonate of magne
sia, two ounces of powdered calcined alum,
seven ounces of orris root (DOwdered) and one
half drachm of powdered cloves, all well
mixed, makes a powder that will absorb exces
sive perspiration of the feet." To correct an
offensive smell of the feet, -'bathe them in a
weak solution of periuiinp;anate of potassa, one
scruple of the salt to eight ounces oi water."
Leap Year— J. B. M., City. The question as
to 1000 not being a leap year has been
answered several times. The rule is not, as
you suppose, that every one hundretn year
shall be divisible by four, but tliat it shall be
divisible by 400, in order to be a leap year.
The Gregorian calendar, established in 1582,
ever since known as the new stylp, was so
arranged that ol the hundredth ycurs to come,
only the fourhuudredth years were to be bissex
tHe or l&fcp years, having 366 days. The year
1000 was the lirst.
Bisd Lime— A. S., Virginia City, N'ev. The
following is given as a recipe for making bird
lime: Boil the middle bark of the holly seven
or eight hours in water; drain It and lay it in
heap* in the ground covered with stones for
two or throe weslca till reduced to a mucilage:
beat this in a mortnr, wash it in rain water and
knead it till free from extraneous matter; put
it in t i ciuihen pots and in four or live days it
will be ready for use. An inferior kind is
made by boiling linseed oil for some hours
until it becomes a viscid paste.
riir.i-rrKVTNO— Subscriber, Alvarp.do, Cfll. The
father, as tne head of the family, has the con
trol of Ills child, and has the right to spy in
what faith it shall be brougl't up, unless
bound by some moral obligation prior to the
birtn of the child to bring it up in a particular
faith. It persons having eh urge of ihe child I
■hould without authority, during the absence
of the mother and without the knowledge of
the father, take the child to a church and
hiive it christened, the father need not recog
nize such act, and may have the child chri>
i teiied by such name as he may desire it to
have.
Eopton's Mayor— J. R., City. The Mayor of
B-.iston whose name was O'Brien was Hugh
o'Hrieti. who held the office in 1884, 1885,
1886 and 1887. He was born in Ireland in
1827, July 13. When but 5 years of age he
w.is brought to the I'nited States. He re
ceived bis early education in the public
schools, grsdiifiting friiin the grammar school
that stood on Fart Hill, famous in the history
of Massachusetts. He learned the art of
printing, and in time, fminded 'he Shipping
and Commercial List. He became identified
with politic? and his services as Alderman and
Mayor covered a period of eleven years.
Fit/>immon> and Maher— J. i\ , City. The
first fight between Robert Fitzsimmous and
I'e'.er Maher took place ill New Orleans, March
3, 189' J. This wsis a matfh for a purse of $ 10,
-000, ottered l,y the Olympic Club of that city,
$1000 to so to the loser. John Duffy was the
referee; Fitzsimmeni 1 seconds were Jimmy
Carroll. Joe (uoynski and Alec (tretrgains and
Maher's were Billy Madden, Gus Tuthill and
Jack Kailoii. The timekeepers were: for
Fitzsiiumons, George R. Clark ; lor Maher, P. J.
D'OQonue; aud for the c!ub, R. M. Frank.
Fiizsimmons scored first blood and first knock
down in the first round. Maher was knocked
out iv the twelfth round.
Supervisors— J.. Mcl)., City. The consolida
tion act of 185t>, under which San Francisco
first had a Board of Supervisors, declares that
the term of Supervisors shall De two years,
jind that has been the term ever since. The
idea that Supervisors were at one time elected
for one year only probably arises from the fact
that in 1806 the law was changed so that at
the annual election half oi the Supervisors
should be elected for two years and at the
following election the other half, and under
tiint law the odd numbered- wards elected
Supervisors one your and the next year the
even-numbered wards elected their represen
tatives, and that continued until the luw was
again changed ;o -.v.liat it is now..
| ' C^jßr'*'"'"'*^ * j% A&&
HEALD'S
Business College,
24 Post St., San Francisco.
THE LEADING COMMERCIAL SCHOOL
west of Chicago. BooKkeeping, penmanship,
business practice, shorthand (Hitman, Graham,
Eclectic), typewriting, telegraphy, modern lan-
guages, Kns:lisu branches and everything pertain-
ing to a business education rapidly taught.
Department of Engineering In success-
fa hope ration.
Individual instruction. 20 teachers. Night ses-
sions in all. departments, Students can com-
mence at anytime. Thousands of graduates in
positions. Write for catalogue. ■ • "
THE OAKLAND SEMINARY,
ESTAHLTSHED 1858, 528 ELEVENTH ST.
cor. Ciay. Mrs. M. K. Bloke, Principal : T. D.
Adams, A.M.. master; Mary E. Allen. A.8.. pre-
cep ress. Best of accommodations for boarding or
day pupils. Includes from kindergarten io uni-
versity work. Xone but teachers of large culture
and experience. 8p rial attention to Art Music.
Oraorical Work, Physical Culture and Deport-
ment. A safe and pleasant home school.
THE LYCEUH.
PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOB THE UNI-
J versity. Law and Medical Colleges. Admission
on recommendation. Many students liave been
successfully prepared at this s< bool. Day and
evening sessions. References, President Jordan
or any .Stanford professor. Phelan building. Nob.
338-385. I'KOF. 1* H. GRAI", Principal, late of
btauforrt Vniversity.
i TRINITY SCHOOL (FOUNDED 1876).
BOAKDINO AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS
and young men. ■ Prepares tor university and
college. Boarders " limited to 35. ■'Accredited
school with ; the « universities. < Easter term opens
Monday, August 3. ■ ■ ' ""■• ■ >'\ * , -
-.■-'-■■.'< BJiv. DR. E. B. SPAIiDLNU, Sector. U
. WE'X TO-DAY.'
JMYOIiTS
KIDNEY
CURE.
Munyon's Kidney Cure cures pains in the
back, loins or groins from kidney disease,
puffy and flabby face, dropsy of the feet
and limbs, frequent desire to" pass water,
scanty urine, dark colored and turbi'4
urine! sediment in the urine, gravel in the
bladder and too great a flow of urine.
Price, 25 cents.
Muiiyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all form* of indigestion and stom-
ach troubles'. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's llheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in 1 too hours, and cures in a few
days. Price, 25 cents.
Mnnyon'i Headache Cure stops head-
i ache in three minutes. Price 25c.
j Mnnyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
i purities of the blood. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25 cents, -y^ --
Munyon's Cough Cure stops COashs,
night sweats,: allays soreness ana speedily
heals the lanes. "Price, 25 cents.
Munyo.n's Pile Ointment positively cures
all forms of piles.' Price. 25 cents.
Mutivoifs Vitalizer, price $1..
A separate specific for each disease. At
i all druggists, mostly 25 cents a bottle.
.Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1503
Arch street, Philadelphia. Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any diaease.
Cq
DOGTORSWEANY
This renowned specialist guarantees a
positive cure of Sexual and Seminal Weak-
ness, Lost Manhood, Night Emissions, Ex-
hausting drains of YOUN3. MIDDLE-
AGED AND OLD MEN*. Gleet, Gonor-
rhoea,. Stricture, Syphilis. Kidney, Blad-
der. Blood and Skin diseases^ and all con-
stitutional and internal troubles promptly
cured: If you can't call, write at once.
Address
Fl GU/rAHV Ml) 737 Market Street,
T. L. UllLAni,m.lJ,,Han Francisco, Cal.
Don't Let Go
Of your dollars. until you have
seen what we are doing in
TRUNKS, BAGS AaD VALISES.
TRUNKS,
' Zinc cohered.' Saratoga shape,- sheet iron bot-
;- loin, invent bolts nod stays, inside tray. '
28 ■ D 'h, $3.10 I 30-inch, *3.60 ' 32-inch, $ MO
■■" 34-l.icli, $4.60 I 3triuch, ?5.10 < 38-lnch,'*s.6o
VALISES. ;
Best grain leather, mnuve oolir. .
16-inch, 1.25 1 18 Inch, $1.73 |' 20-Inch, $5.2(1
BAGS. -,
. Best grain leather, leather linPd.
rJ-irich, $2.15 | 13-inch, S&4O | melt, .?.!.65
CANVAS TELESCOPES
-■• , leather corners. .••, •■ '.-
-14-incH, 35c j 16-1 neb, 60c j 18-inch, 85c
JKT-RAZOKS and SHEARS ground by
skilled mechanics, a specialty."
883-820 MARKET ST
HIGHEST GRADE .AID GUARANTEED. ~
$85— $5 DOWN— S2 $£ X
For the Beautifd '00 Models.
Excellent Second- Hand Wheels
at from $15 to $35.
HDIAII BICYCLE COMPAAY,
18 and 20 McAllister Street, -5. F.
OPEN EVENINGS.
, FOR
t" Fine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Pi ices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR,
PANTS mads to order from $4.01
SUITS mails to order from $15.00
MY $17.50 and $35 SUITS
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bus!)
724 Market St. 1110 1112 Market St.
»AN FRANCISCO. -
i£sl tl y^ •-!
.MONARCH ' |
V MIA 111 CYCLE M\.\iFACTURI\G CO., |
|'^ , ' 3 and 5 Front St., San Francisco. . X
,*. CHAS. BROWN &SO>-, 807 Market, Ag t. .*.
V C. K. SALOMON *ON* "& CO., Twelfth and
\SJ! Franklin streets, Oakland. Agent. ■ ■ C*
TBESICCESS OF THE SEISO.I
TIE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
Oif THE ...
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St.:
; OPEN t>TIL MIDNIGHT.
910
A BUSINESS GIRL
IS MISS REDMOND
Her Uncle Horan Says She
Inherited Property and
an Income.
HEIRESS WITH MONEY.
Horan Met Carter and Accused
Him of Stretching the
Truth.
WORDS AND GESTICULATIONS.
The Girl's Relatives Defend Her and
Say She Was Innocent When
Carter Met Her.
Miss Mary E. Redmond, who began suit
yesterday against the well-known capital
ist and carbuilder, Thomas Carter, for
$50,000 damages for breach of promise of
marriage, is still out of town. Mrs. Wells,
her landlady at 502 M3son street, has
written her at Salinas, and Miss Redmond
is expected to return in rive or six days
and rush into print with her story.
"In maiden meditation fancy free" de
scribes the way Mr. Carter first met her,
according to James D. Horan, an uncle of
the girl, who is a wealthy stock-dealer at
Tenth and Bryant streets. Mr. Horan
met Mr. Carter on Bush street yesterday
and there was a war of words and vigorous
gesticulations on each side. Mr. Carter
called Mr. Horan up by telephone yester
day morning and said he wanted to see
him about the story in The Call. Mr.
Horan replied:
'Well, you are just tne man I'm look
ing tor, too, and the quicker I see you the
better."
When they met by appointment Mr.
Carter denied that he had said he first met
Miss Redmond at Byron Springs twelve
or fifteen years ago, while her uncle Horan
was cuaperoning her at that watering re
sort.
Mr. Horan told him that he considered it
a reflection on him when Mr. Carter stated
that he met 'the young lady at the springs
and took long walks and had lonz talks
with her in the moonlight. He was not in
the habit of looking after young ladies,
even nieces, in that manner. He demanded
a retraction of Mr. Carter and the latter,
he says, promised to make one. Mr. Ho
ran says that he told the defendant in the
suit that he would make it warm tor some
body if a retraction was not made.
Mr. Horan is a man of vigorous lan
guage, and when he was talking to Mr.
Carter he forgot the fact that metaphor is
the flower of speech, and spoke from the
shoulder.
According to her uncle Miss Redmond
first met Mr. Carter in this City, and from
his story it appears to have been a case of
mutual attraction at once. "Whoever
loved that loved' not at first sight?" and
"Hell hath no fury like a woman
scorned," are quotations that fit their re
lations from the inception to date. Mr.
Horan said to a Call reporter last
evening:
'•I did not know anything about their
relations till I saw the story in The Call
this morning. It was a surprise to me.
When he says he first met her at Byron
Springs with me twelve or fifteen years
ago, he is a liar, and he knows it. I never
went to the springs till four or five years
ago, when I began to seek relief for rheu
matism. She was with me on that trip,
and Carter was there. 1 have known him
since 1878 or '79, when he was superin
tendent on the railroad, but I never knew
there was anything but proper relations
between him and my niece until to-day."
"Did you ever hear of the previous com
promise for $5000?"
".Never until one day about two months
ago. My niece told me about it. She tola
me she had got the money from him, but
she denied that their relations were inti
mate."
"Did she say why he gave her the
money?"
"No, she did not tell me why," he re
plied.
"1 went up to 502 Mason street to-day to
see my niece," he continued, "but she has
gone to Salinas. She has lived there several
years, but I have been there only three or
four times. Once when I went there be
fore sha had consulted me about loaning
some money on a piece of real estate, and
I advised her in regard to it."
"How is it, Mr. Horan, that a dress
maker has money to loan?"
"She has always had some money and
by investment has increased her capital
from time to time," he replied. She was
born after her father died and when a girl
of twelve or fourteen years her grandfather
died suddenly. She was a great favorite of
his and we expected to find her provided
for in the will. But owing to his sodden
death she was left out. Myself and broth
ers gave her out of our share $1500 or
$2000 and there is where she got her start.
••Besides that she inherited consider
able from her father. It has never been
necessary for her to pull anybody's leg or
blackmail anybody. She has money of
her own, and if she wanted $50 or $100 at
any time she could eet it from me. When
see borrowed monsy of me she always re
paid it promptly."
Uncle Horan said that he thought Miss
Redmond was an innocent girl when Mr.
Carter met her.
From the stories of William Horan, one
of her cousins, and others, Mies Redmond
appears to be a young lady of independent
fortune and a sufficient and steady income
to support her in good style.
Her father died from injuries received
from the kick of a horse. Her mother
married again, and she has a half-sister,
Anna Barrett, who lives at San Ramon,
Contra Costa County, who visits her in tne
City occasionally. Miss Barrett is younger
and also a very handsome girl. She lives
at San Ramon.
Cousin Horan says that Miss Redmond
owns a building at San Ramon, in which
there is a saloon, and enough dwellings
and other real estate there to make up
about half the town. She also has prop
erty in Alameda and several lots out near
Golden Gate Park.
•'She is a thorough business girl," said
Cousin Horan. "Business from the word
go. If you would talk with her you would
see it. She is rather close. When she lets
go of $10 she wants to see $15 or $20 com
ing back. She has an eye out for business
all the time."
Mrs. Wells, the landlady at 502 Mason
street, says she has written Miss Red
mond, and suggested that ahe return and
reply to Mr. Carter's explanation. She
expects her to arrive from Salinas before
the end of the week. Being asked yester
day if Mr. Carter had called on Miss Red
mond in her house recently, she said:
"He has been here several times. I
cannot give you the dates and I do not
want to attempt to. Sne has the dates.
1 remember that he has not been here
since March 6, as a man died m the house
at that time. Wait till she returns, then
she will tell her story."
Mr. Carter still adheres to his original
statement that the suit is brought to
blackmail him. He says Miss Redmond
is encouraged by third parties to bring
the suit and try to get money out of him.
He states that he never resumed his re
lations with Miss Redmond since he com
promised with her about two years ago
and paid her $5000 to release him from
any claim she might make, for which he
says he has her receipt in full. He states
tiiat he is going to tight the case and fight
it to the end, whether th<j end be bitter or
sweet.
WHITE GOES TO JAIL.
rhe Supreme Court Kefuses to Interfere
in His Case.
The Supreme Court yesterday discharged
the writ of habeas corpus in the case of
George E. White, the Mendocino County
cattle man, and remanded White to jail
for contempt of court.
White sued his wife for divorce and was
ordered by Judge Hebbard to pay her $500
for maintenance pending the trial. He
pleaded poverty and advanced any num
ber of reasons why he should not obey the
order of the court. Finally Judge Heb
bard, on June 12, ordered White to be
committed tothe County Jail forcontempt
if he did not pay the money by the next
morning.
He failed to do so and was arrested on a
bench warrant and sent to the County
Jail. He secured a writ of habeas corpus
from Justice Beatty on Monday, but when
the matter was heard yesterday the court
decided that the commitment was legally
made out and that it was entirely within
the power of the Superior Court to com
mit White for refusal to obey an order
wiiile an action was pending; and accord
ingly remanded him to jail.
TRUTH OF THE TREASURE
Large Amount of Money Really
Buried in Calvary Ceme
tery.
Charles Godella Was the Mysterious
Mexican Who Started ths
Sensation.
The rumor of the burial of a vast amount
of money in Calvary Cemetery has at hisr
been traoea to its original source. The
story goes that one day while Contractor
Broderick was overseeing his men widen
ing the sidewalk of Geary street opposite
Central avenue, and pulling down the
earth of the cemetery, an old Mexican
drove by in a cart and told Broderick that
there was a vast amount of wealth hidden
in the exact locality where the men were
excavating.
Rumor had it the next day (Sunday)
that two well-dressed men were seen to
leave that locality laden with a heavy
sack, when they carried between them.
As is usual in a case ol this kind the
amount of money buried took on fabu
lous proportions. It was qnoted by some
to exceed $150,000, while every one in
Richmond was positive that there was
buried certainly no less than $100,000.
Charles Godella is an old man who has
lived out near Calvary Cemetery for years.
"About twenty-eight years ago," said
Godella yesterday, "I was sitting in the
sun in the old Avenue resort when it was
owned by Mike O'Brien. This was then
the half-way house for coaches going out
to the Cliff. 1 saw a man standing up on
the hieh ground of the cemetery near the
chapel, which then stood near to Geary
street. The stranger came down and
spoke to me. He had a sandy mustache
and looked like a workingman. He aaked
me if there was any objection to a man
digging in the cemetery.
"1 told him I thought there was and
that he might be arrested for trying to
steal bodie?. He then asked me if there
was any ODJection to digging in the nignt.
I told him that I thought this would be
still worse, because the superintendent
slept very near the chapel.
"After this he said: 'My friend, nn
old partner of mine, is now in the Broad
way jail. Two years ago he robbeu a
bank in San Francisco of $20,000. He
kept $2000 and buried the rest fir3l in
Laurel Hill Cemeteiy, and then fearing
that this spot was discovered took up the
money and reburied it in Calvary Ceme
tery, seventy-five feet north from the
chapel, near to the headstone that had the
name of "O'Connor" on it.'
"I never saw the man again," said Mr.
Godella, "but I myseif thought soon after
that I would try my luck there. I dug
around a gravestone that wa3 partially
buried in the sand. As near as I could
make out 'O'Connor' was inscribed on
the stone. I felt around in the sand with
a long crowbar and about six feet down
felt a solid mass of some length. This, I
am positive, hoVever, was only an old
wall that had been sanded over by the
wind.
"I gave up the search then, and the
story had been almost forgotten by me
until a few weeks ago I saw the men dig
ging in the same spot. I told them if
they found any treasure there to be sure
and give some to me, as I was the only
man that knew about it. lam pretty sure
that no man has found anything there,
but at the same time 1 believe that what
the man told me twenty-eight years ago
was the truth."
Contractor Broderick said something
yesterday that in part corroborates the
story of the peanut vender.
"A day or two aco I found about six feet
down from the surface," said he, "a small
square box made of stones. This was
about a foot square, but the top stones had
been evidently removed and placed back
loosely. So if this was where the treasure
was first buried some one evidently dug it
up iong a^o.' 1
Godella said that the money was buried
in an iron box surrounded by stones. The
question remains now — has the treasure
really been unearthed and htis Godella
been the lucky man? He denies this ve
hemently. He owns considerable valuable
property in Richmond.
Wants His Diamond Ring.
Erneßt Narjot swore to a complaint yester
day charging Herman Myer. clerk in a grocery
at 441 Minna street, with obtaining goods by
false pretenses. Narjot Bays that Myer Is a
friend of his, and a few days ago he called
upon him *nd told him he was going to be
married to a wealthy young lady. He wanted
to present her with a diamond ring, and if
Narjot would give Mm his ring he would pay
him for it on receiving $1300 in a few days
from Germany. Narjot gave him the diamond
ring aud found that he had pawned it and
that his story about his marriage was not true.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896.
BARNES BECOMES
RED IN THE FACE
Detective Wood's Assistant
Admits That He Was
a Prevaricator.
SO MISS ASHLEY SCORES.
Racy Revelations Regarding the
Letter to That Handsome
Fresno Man.
LEACH SOLD IT TO BALDWIN.
Some Light Thrown on the Relations
of the Plaintiff With Wesley
T. Baich.
The Ashley-Baldwin case opaned yester
day, with E. Barnes, private secretary to
J. R. Wood, the Boston detective, still on
the stand. As was the case on Monday
evening, most of his testimony was of an
unprintable character. When he finally
got down to matters that tan be men
tioned in polite society he was asked by
the plaintiffs attorney concerning certain
letters which he had written over his own
signature, but at the dictation of his em
ployer, to Miss Ashley.
These letters, it is claimed by Mr. Crit
tenden, were indited with a view to mis
leading their recipient and of betraying
her in the interest of Colonel Pope, who
was at that time Mr. Wood's client. One
of the letters was introduced in evidence
by Mr. Crittenden yesterday. The follow
ing is a copy of it:
Boston, Aug. 15, 189:5.
Mitt L. A. Ashley, Hotel Westminster, l^i* An
geles, Cat: Mr. Wood is engaged on an import
ant murder case in Vermont. Your deed was
received after Mr. Wood had sent you instruc
tions about your affidavit, and 1 thought that
we had better let that remain until he had re
ceived your affidavit and had consulted or
confronted Baldwin, which he has arranged to
do on receipt of the papers from you. I would
forward them to him immediately and he
would go directly to Baldwin, and he felt very
confident when he left .here that when armed
with the necessary affidavit from you he would
get a handsome settlement for you, which I
have no doubt he would.
Now it seems to me to be very important
that you comply with his request in getting
the papers for him to act with. I have writ
ten him about it, also the deed and your dis
patch that arrived here to-day, which 1 an
swered bs follows: "Dispatch received. Wood
away. Awnit sworn affidavit ; on receipt will
act at once and make satisfactory settle
ment."
I would suggest that you. see the parties
with whom you are negotiating for the house
and tell them you will have to leave the mat
ter over about ten days.
That will give Mr. Wood a chance to get j
through with his case in Vermont, and a
chance to see Baldwin. And then, again, I j
think it would be better for you to get a settle
ment with Baldwin before you made any move
there, for if he is as smart a man as Mr. Wood i
thinks he is, he would undoubtedly find out
about the real estate transaction there with
you, and then he would begin to make in- j
quiries as to where the money came from, and |
he would not think you are in the destitute
circumstances that Mr. Wood intends to pic
ture out to him that you are.
From what I know of the matter I should
mom assuredly advise you not to close that
deal until Mr. Wood has had an interview with
Baldwin, because if thines work as be has got |
them laid out, undoubtedly he will get a very!
handsome thing for you, and he is really in
earnest about it.
Believing that you have been grossly
wronged, and that this wealthy man can do
no more than partially settle with you for the
great wrong he has done you.
Mr. Wood thoroughly believes your state
ment, and has often said that he would be glad
to see the man have to divide with you.
Now let me-*igal a assure you that it all de
pends npon your sending on the papers that
he asked for. and then, I liuva no doubt, he
will accomplish the desired result at once.
Very truly, E. Barneh.
Barnes also sent two telegrams to Miss
Ashley at about the time this letter was
written bearing on the same subject. They
are also reproduced here:
Boston, Aug. 10.
Lillian A. Ashley, Hotel We*lminstcr,Los Ange
les: Dispatch received. Wood away. Await
sworn affidavit. On receipt will act at once
and make satisfactory settlement.
E. Barnfs.
Boston, Aug. 17.
L. A. Ashley, Westminster HUel, Los Angela:
Wood says purchase must wait or It will kill
Baldwin matter. Send papers at once if you
want settlement. Or shall we drop it for good?
Barnes, under the questioning of the
plaintiff's attorney, acknowledged him
self a prevaricator, although without
much squirming on his part.
"When you wrote this letter to Miss
Ashley you intended that it should mis
lead her, and thereby get an affidavit from
her that Baldwin is the father of her child,
and then use the affidavit against her in
1 the Pope case, did you not?" inquired Mr.
Crittenden.
The witness grew led in the face and en
tered a feeble denial, but was subsequently
forced to acknowledge that his intentions
had been correctly stated.
"Are you in the habit of writing false
hoods that you know to be such at the
dictation of Colonel Wood?" wasaske.i.
"I do what my employer tells me to," re
turned the witness.
"Did you not know when you wrote that
letter to Miss Ashley that Colonel Wood
was not in Vermont, but in fact had
dictated the letter to you?"
"Yes, sir," returned Barnes.
In the midst of Barnes' difficulty Lewis
Leach of Fresno appeared, much to the
relief of the man from Boston. Mr. Leach
was in a hurry, so he was allowed to testify
at once. He told of how he had received
a letter from Lillian A. Ashley asking him
for a photograph "in case he was a hand
some youth and had the ducats." Mr.
Leach is a banker, and presumably meets
the latter requirement, but he will never
be convicted of the former charge. His
hair is tinged with gray, and he is past the
prime of life.
The letter was introduced and identified
by the witness. Under the questioning of
Mr. Crittenden it developed that Mr. Leach
had soJd the letter to Baldwin's attorney
for $125, and had come to San Francisco
to testify under promise of payment of his
expenses and compensation for loss of
time.
Barnes was then called for cross-exam
ination. He again went over the whole
unsavory mess, and was finally excused,
much to the relief of himself and every
body else.
Daniel J. O'Kefe.another gentleman from
Boston, was then called. He testified that
several years ago be was a clerk in the em
ploy of Wesley T. Balch, a livestock com
mission agent engaged in business in the
Athens of America. He knew Lillian A.
Ashley through having been the messen
ger of his employer while that gentleman
was paying attentions more or less serious
to the plaintiff. He told of how he car
ried flowers, candy and money to her from
Mr. Balch, and how be also accompanied
her to a Dr. Whitmore, to whom she was
sent for medical treatment by Mr. Balcb.
While O'Kefe was in the midst of the
doctor story the court adjourned till 11
o'clock this morning.
RAID ON MILK DEALERS.
Dockery on the Warpath After the
Scalps of Unlicensed Vendors.
The unlicensed milk dealers of this City
are trembling in their boots. Word is
being circulated that their doom is sealed.
On Sunday night Milk Inspector Dock
ery, accompanied by Meat Inspector Davis,
inaugurated a new crusade. They
examined forty-five milk wagons, and on
Monday morning condemned the lacteal
fluid issued by the Sunnyside dairy.
Then they began to investigate dealers
who have no license to vend milk, with
the result that warrants will this morning
bt; applied for against the following:
Patrick Slavin, grocer, 1641 Hyde street; D.
Giaiinini, fruit-dealer, 2001 Hyde; Frank Chi
gola, groc.'r, 17127 Leavenworth; William Cas
tell, fruit-dealer, 1521 Hyde; J. Kenny, 1406
Pacific; Peter Coloburos, grocer and dealer in
soda-water of tine flavors, 1715 Powell; L. Pei
rano, grocer, 837 Pacific; J. F. Bullwickel,
grocer, corner Pacific and Powell; James
Reilly, grocer, 1710 L-avenworth; N. Hencken,
grocer, Hyde and Green.
After the unlicensed vendors are settled
with, Inspector Dockery will proceed to
look ud saloon-keepers who violate the
law, and resume his operations upon the
unhealthy-cow questions.
NEW TRIAL FOR TURNER.
The Supreme Court Found a Flaw in
the First Count.
J. F. Turner, who was convicted of
forgery on two counts by Judge Wallace,
appealed his case to the Supreme Court,
averring that one of the counts was de
fective, inasmuch as no intent to defraud
was averred.
As Turner was tried on the two counts
together, evidence heard on both, and the
jury instructed on both, the Supreme
Court decided that the judgment was de
fective, and the case was, therefore, re
manded for a new trial.
ROSES ON THE ALTAR
Nuptials of Miss Alice Russ
and Mr. George Hab
enicht
Two Hundred Guests Attend the Re
c ption at the Savoy — Elegant
Bridal Presents.
St. Paul's Lutheran Church was the
scene of a fashionable wedding last even
ing, the contracting parties being Miss
Alice May Russ, daughter of Henry B.
Russ, and George N. Habenicht. Rector
Buehler united the happy young couple
according to the rites of the Lutheran
church. ' -
Long before the hour announced for the
ceremony— B:3o p. m.— every seat in the
prettily decorated church was occupied,
and when the bridal march announced
the arrival of the bridal party standing
room was at a premium.
The decorations of the church were
pretty and artistic and were in tones of
yellow and white. Yellow and white
roses bloomed on the altar and the chan
cel was aglow with them.
Promptly at the hour announced the
bridal party entered the church.
First came the ushers. Messrs. Frank
yon Rhein, C. F. Thierbach Jr., A. C.
Dodge and Tnomas H. Nichols.
Following the ushers came the brides
maids: Miss Emye Habenicht, Miss Res
sie Roden, Miss Eva Herold, and Miss
Evelyn Bendel. Preceding the maids of
honor Miss Lulu Habenicht, who in turn
preceded the bride, who entered leaning
on the arm of her fattier, sedately marched
the little sister of the groom Miss Anita
Habenicht, carrying a white satin prie
dieu, embroidered in gold. The groom,
attended hy his best man, A. C. Lang, met
his bride at the altar.
The bride, a petite and piquante bru
nette, was attired in an elegant gown of
white brocaded satin. The jup ; was made
perfectly plain, full and flaring, in the
prevailing picturesque style. The cor
sage was cut hich in the neck, and finished
off with a deep collar of pearl pas semen
terie.
Miss Lulu Habenicht, the mnid of honor,
wore a modish gown fashioned of white
orerandie over a white silk foundation.
The corsage was cut decollete, ana the
sleeves full and reaching just to the elbow.
The bridesmaids were attired alike in
white organdies over yellow silk. The
corsages were cut decollete and finished off
with a pert bow of yellow satin ribbon fas
tened to the shoulders. They carried
laree Trilby bouquets that fell in showers
almost to the hem of the gown.
E. Barnes.
Little Miss Habenicht, the dainty pil
low-bearer, wore a pretty gown of yellow
brocaded satin.
After the ceremony the bridal party and
guests, in all about 200, repaired to the
Hotel Savoy, where a reception was held..
There was music and dancing and an elab
orate suoper.
Mr. and Mrs. Habenicht received many
handsome wedding present*. The gifts
incjuded many pieces of silver, cut glass
and much expensive bric-a-brac.
The young couple have arranged to
leave this morning for a bridal trip, but
thny have kept their destination a pro
found secret. On their return they are to
reside in this City.
A SCHOOL FLOAT.
Jamea Lick Pupils Will Contribute One
on the Fourth.
The following committee was appointed
to assist in the construction of a float for
the James Lick Grammar School for the
Fourth of July. They are all working
energetically to make this attempt a suc
cess: G. Spencer. M. Schmitt, P. Glaser,
E. Wood, B. Hickox, E. Cooper, E.
Mooncy, A. Hawksley, M. Mac Donald, H.
Harrison, G. Wetzler, M. Collins, E.
Moench, W. Codington, G. Savage, H.
Springer, J. Niderost, M. Roach, W. Givin,
A. Maschio. W. Chase is chairman, M.
Schmitt secretary and G. Spencer treasurer.
There Wan No Embezzlement.
The case of E. A. Hughes, stockbroker,
charged with felony embezzlement, was dis
missed by Judge Campbell yesterday after
noon on the ground that there was nothing to
bear out the charge. Hughes borrowed from
Charles E. Paxton, broker, 314 Pine street,
500 sharesof Potosl stock and handed them
to Harris & Co., brokers, who failed the same
day.
Siebe Perjury Case.
The case of Assessor John D. Siebe, charged
on the complaint of J. W. Darragh with per
jury, was called in Judge Campbell's court
yesterday afternoon, and on motion of attor
ney Bernard a continuance was granted till
to-morrow afternoon, when it is expected that
District Attorney Barnes will move for a dis
missal.
WILL FINISH THE
VALLEY ROAD
An Issue of $6,000,000 Bonds
Authorized by the
Trustees.
FOR THE STOCKHOLDERS
San Francisco Soon To Be
United With the Great
Valley.
BRIGHT PEOSPECT3 ASSURED.
The People's Competing Railway Will
Now Bj Rushed to a Speedy
Completion.
It is but a matter of very short time now
before the San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway will be literally wnat its
name represents— a railway uniting the
metropolis of the Pacific Coast with the
great interior valley of the San Joaquin.
No time is to be waeted in the accomplish
ment of this project, for the men in whose
care the important enterprise has been
placed have determined to finish the Val
ley road on the lines originally accepted.
The people's railroad will have its termi
nus in San Francisco and extend through
some of the most productive regions of the
State, with feeders tapping the country at
various places all along the line.
There was a meeting at the railroad's
office in this City of the stockholders yes
terday, and then all this was decided upon.
At tne meeting the directors of the Val
ley road were authorized to make an issue
of bonds for $6,000,000 with which to com
plete the railway.
Every share of stock was represented, as
the trustees and directors were present.
A. B. SprecKels, Daniel Meyer, James D.
Phelan, Lovell White, O.* D. Baldwin,
James Cross, Thomas Brown, tf\ W. Van
Sicklen and Christian de Guigne, trus
tees, each and every one took part in the
deliberations in conjunction with Claus
Spreckels(by proxy), Robert Watt, Cap
tain A. H. Payson, W. F. Whittier,
Charles Holbrook, J. D. Spreckels (by
proxy), J. B. Stetson, Leon Sloss, Thomas
Magee, Isaac Upham and Alvinza Hay
ward of the board of directors, who were
there as stockholders representing fifty
shares of stock.
After the 'meeting adjourned Captain
Pay.-on stated that the issue of bonds for
$6,000,000 was authorized for the special
purpose of completing the railway.'
"Huw much U to be completed?"
"All that the company now has or may
acquire," was the diplomatic reply.
"The matter of placing. of bonds has all
been )eit for the future. No time has been
set for issuing them."
Chief Engineer Storey explained what
the completion of the Valley road meant —
that is, as the line is now projected, with
small branches.
"With the $6,000,000 we expect to com
plete the line.' he said, "all the way from
liakersfield to San Francisco. That is, we
can build from Stockton to this City, and
also continue the road from Fresno to
Bakerslield, and fully equip the road."
"How do you propose or expect to come
into San Francisco?"
"That is a matter that has not yet been
decided, so I cannot tell you."
"Will there be a branch through the
Santa Ciara Valley?"
The chief engineer replied that no route
had been selected, addine that the road
would be continued from Stockton to San
Francisco. "The route has been exam
ined, but as no action has been taken re
garding the cnoice, how can anything be
stated definitely about it?" he asked.
The stock of the Valley road subscribed
by public-spirited men is £.',400,000. Of
this amount fully 70 per centum is paid
up, and with the 70 per centum there is
ample money to build to Fresno and
equip the road with locomotives and other
rolling stock, etc., besides providing for
surveys to Bakerstield.
"A mile and a half of track was built
yesterday," continued Mr. Storey. "Still
we are going along slowly on account of
rights-of-way suits down the valley. The
last suit in Merced County was wound up
yesterday, and that practically gives us a
right of way through Merced County, in
fact to Fresno, with the exception of one
mile in Madera County, which comes up
for trial next week. The track is laid five
miles below Merced, and the grading com
pleted to the San Joaquin River, about
twelve miles from Fresno, excepting across
a few rights-of-w.iv gaps on the route."
HEW TO-DAY.
§ THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
_~ v DRUGGISTS.
1 1 28 Market St., San Francisco.
: Tenth and Broadway, Oakland.
THE BOXES "OF THE DEAD
DRUG COMBINE
RATTLING m THEIR GRAVE !
The Great Drug ; War Cyclone Caused It.
. This great and august body, the Drug
Association, are going to build a 21-story
factory to make pills and plasters to sup-
ply all San Francisco and Milpitas, then
HE OWL" will die sure.
Until Then We Will Continue to Sell :
Paine's Celery Compound at... 60c
Cutlcura Re501vent........ ....70c
Pinkham's Vegetable C0mp0und.'. .'........•• 65c
Woodbury Facial Soap, 20c.... 3 for 50c
Baker's Honduras Sursuparilla..... ...... ......75c
Warner's Safe Cure .'. ..;'.. ..:..:.. v.......:. .".;. 85c
Hall's Catarrh Cure 60c
Syrup Figs...'." ." 35c
HermitaKe Whisky 76c
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral 75c
Sheffield's Dentifrice 15c
Vino Kolafra.... :.".:.: .:..85c
Delafleld's Kola C0rd1aL.......:.... 85c
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS FOR
EDISON'S OBESITY WOODS,
PILLS, SALTS, BANDS. |
-~~-^^-^-^^^~^^^, NEW TO-DAT- DRY GOODS. _^^~~~"-~
OUR GREAT
SACRIFICE CLEARANCE SALE!
CONTINUES WITH SENSATIONAL REDUCTIONS.
It would be impossible to exaggerate the importance of our
Great Sacrifice Clearance Sale to any one having any immediate or
prospective need of anything in the Dry Goods or Cloak line, as the*
FORCING-OUT PRICES quoted are not restricted to any particular
department, but are general, and enable supplies to be replenished
with stylish up-to-date goods at reductions that are illustrated by
the following examples of
THIS WEEK'S MARYELODS ATTRACTIONS!
GLOVE DEPARTMENT!
100 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP PIQUE GLOVES, regular value for $150, will be
offered at 95c pair.
SILK DEPARTMENT!
2000 yards FANCY SILKS, regular price $1, $1 50 and $2, will be placed on onr center
tables and closed out at 50c a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT!
1000 yards 49-INCH FIGURED MOHAIR, regular price $1 75, will be offered at $1 25
a yard.
CLOAK DEPARTMENT!
2000 LADIES' IMPORTED CAPES, will be offered at $1 50, $2 00, $2 50, $3, $350, $4,
$5 00, $G 00, $7 50 and $10 00. These goods are offered at exactly half price,
COLORED DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT!
At 3.3 Cents.
93 pieces 44-INCH ALL-WOOL MIXED CHEVIOT SUITING, reduced from 50c to
15c a yard.
38 Cents.
51 pieces 50-INCH ALL-WOOL LADIES' CLOTH, in plain and mixed, reduced from
75c to 35c a yard.
LADIES' WAISTS!
J^t J&X.OO.
LADIES' FANCY CHECKED SHIRT WAISTS, detachable collars, in pink and
blue, regular price $1 50, will be offered at $1.
AJt d 1.40.
LADIES', FANCY STRIPED GRASS LINEN WAISTS, detachable collars, regular
price $2, will be offered at $1 40. ► ;-.. -i* r >
At 62. 00.
LADIES' FANCY PERSIAN LAWN WAISTS, bishop sleeves, detachable collars and
cuffs, reeular Drices2 75, will be offered at $2. ; . '
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
At 2O Cents Per Fair.
LADIES' BLACK LISLE THREAD HOSE, extra-nigh spliced heels and double
toes, regular price $4 per dozen; reduced to 20c per pair.
CORSETS! CORSETS
At GO Cents.
LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS, extra long waists, high bust, two side steels, perfect
fit guaranteed, wortusl; reduced to GOc
TTTT^ WFT?]^ Great Sale of Table Damask, Odd Table Cloths, broken lots
JLXJ..IO ' » J-iJ-iIV. of Napkins, and remnants of Toweling, Towels, etc., etc.
TTTT^s XVPTTTT Special Sale of Fine White Lambs' Wool Blankets, with
XIXJ.O >VX!iJ2iIV. slight imperfections of manufacture, at half their value.
/M/ff^^ MURPHY BUILDING* /
(/(/ Harlot Strait comer of /
&AJST XnE^^aLTO'OXfilOCSu
EXCURSION AND AUCTION SALE!
#-*j ■ t»l »^|fc *\ ■ ■my
ijAllllll/Al«; ■'..'..
il W^S" Saturday .Tun© 37, 189G
Hat auction MURPHY STATION
~ mmn ArDRC of the Choicest Land in the
JgO.-nyivCfV State of California.
O^ ArDRC in * and 2 year old PRUNE,
CO /\^IVJ-W APRICOT and CHERRY TREES
In io=ACRE upward TRACTS
Being a Portion of the Renowned
MARTIN MURPHY HOMESTEAD TRACT
THE JAMES T. MURPHY SUBDIVISION.
The property stands without a peer for richness and depth of soil. Its prolific resources stand at
the head of any district in this State. *, . ■.....■ . ■ . . .  . . -.
Seldom in a lifetime does such an opportunity present itself to the homo-seeker, the fruiterer or
the person looking for a family resort wnere health combined with profit is at his command. .
There are 10 pieces now planted in strong and thrifty one and two year old Apricots," Prune*,
Cherries and Peaches. The balance of the land is famous for its Luxurious growth of oak trees.
WHEKE IT is AND WHAT IT IS— About midway between San Jose and Stanford University,
fronting the s. P. R. R. ; 8 miles from San Jose, 7 miles from Palo Alto, 4 miles from Mountain View,
and at the Murphy Station. The soil Is 40 feet deep, is alluvial sediment and the very cream of this
rich valley, 'i his tract fronts on the main san Francisco and San Jose boulevard, and ia opposite the
magnificent Drone orchard of O.M. Delmas. valued at *li 00 per acre. ' . ■ i - -
. '1 o any and all persons wanting the best, richest and most productive land in this State this ottering
certainly presents that golden opportunity.
EXCURSION • TRAIN
iiT^jSiaMil Wi%?i ' nul^li^m Hit ' To Murphy station, near Mountain View,
jreSjfcH JIB u£v977?^k9K^KG Jj^^ on account of this
§P"^^^^ IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
Which will leave the Third and Townsend Street Depot, San Francisco, at 10 o'clock A. M. SATUR-
DAY, June 27, 1896, > stopping at Valencia-street Station, San Mateo, Redwood and Menlo Park,
returning leave Murphy station at, 3:30 o'clock P. M. same day.. ■ '
«1 .OO ROUND-TRIP TICKKTS l.O»». • • Tickets obtainable at our office on Friday,
June 26. 1896, ail day. and on Saturday, June 27, day of the excursion, up to 9:30 o'clock A. M., and
at the depot. Third and Townsend streets, ami Valencia street, up to hour of leaving, 10 o'clock A. At.,
from our representative. I From other stations on the train, from San Mateo, Redwood and Menlo
Park, round trip 50 cents. Free Collation on the Ground* . . . .
' TERMS-One-Fourth Cash, balance In 1, and 3 years, interest 8% per annum.
EASTO, FLDRIDGE & CO., Auctioneers, 688 Market St,
Or WOOsTER WHITTKS, Real Estate Agents, 7 West Santa Clara Street, San Jose. .
OOSJVIOFOXjITA.N'.
Opposite U. a Mint, 100 and 'MM : Fifth St., ■ 3»3
X raucisco, Cal.— The most select - family ' hotel la
the city. Board^nd room, 91, $1 25 and $1 5J Par
day. according to room. Meals -oo- Koouu, 'Da
and 750 a day. free coach to and from the taOtaL
.Look for the coaah bearinz the name of the Uof
mopoUtaui UoMi. WM. i'AHt; V, froprrttob
- fIcMUNN's a mil mm
_£U»H OF OPIUM
) The pure essential extract from the native drug/ Con.
i tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
| without H» noxio.,* elements. No «lckness cf rtoraachs
; i»o T6mlt Jig mo coetlvenegs ; no headache. All Druggist«lNOW THE BIG BATTLE BEGINS
Opening: of the Republican
National Convention
at St. Louis.
FAIRBANKS' INITIAL SPEECH.
Little Business Transacted Except
the , Naming of Com=
mitteemen.
VERY FEW CONTESTS TO BE HEARD.
McKinley Delegates Are Growing Rather
Restive Under Mark Hanna's
Iron Rule.
Ihk Call's Headquarters,)
Southern Hotel, >
St. Louis, Mo., June 16.)
Thirteen thousand people, visitors and
delegates, attended the opening of the Na
tional Convention at noon to-day. There
were chairs for 700 more and the vacant
places in she gallery. The failure to crowd
the large building was not because of the
scarcity of $5 pieces in St. Louis, but be
cause the first day's work of a convention
is usually of routine character and there
fore uninteresting. To-morrow, when the
political giants of the country shall step
forth and make the nominating speeches,
the building will be found too small to
accommodate the sweltering crowd.
The massing together of large bodies of
men, actuated by a common feeling, is
productive of what is called magnetism,
and the heated air is full of it to-day. It
is the magnetism, the enthusiasm of Re
publicanism, which had its birth in the
emotional breaking forth of sympathy for
the black slave toiling away his life in the
cornfields of the South, and which sent a
million of brave men to face the fevers
and the foemen in the States in which the
clanking of the chain and the swish of the
biacksnake were a part of the law of the
c >ramonwealth.
Before this magnetism of the masses,
whatever bitterness of feeling might have j
existed because of warring interests, what- j
eveT animosities might have been created |
because of the rivalry of the different can
cikiates, melt* away.
Only an indication of this was observ
able to-day. The strain of a coming con
ieit was still there, tne question whether ,
silver was to be debased to the rank of a j
metal selling at so much a pound, or j
whether the platform would ignore the j
real issue and pat in what will be known
as a straddle plank on the currency ques
tion.
Senator Platt of New York was there,
smarting under his recent wounds, but re
venged and consoled by the reflection that
he had forced the imperial Hanna to come
to time and a^ree to insert a straight gold
plank. The men from New England were
there, sore because their magnetic cham
pion, Tom Reed, had not a larger follow- j
ing. The supporters of Morton, the big I
New York delegation, were on hand early,
watchful for any symptoms that might
indicate that the McKinley boom,
which started so early and ran so fast, was
getting tired and wanted to lie down in j
the shade. The adherents of the good and j
wise man, Allison, were also on the alert, I
hoping even against hope that a political
tornado might strike McKinley and lake
off hi* roof. There were banks oi antipathy
that kept the Republican magnetism in
check. When the issues shall have beer, i
decided and the candidate for the Presi- ,
dency shall have been nominated, the
strain will have disappeared and the old
time enthusiasm will burst forth, perhaps.
We shall see better later on.
It is a. big convention, the delegates and |
alternates numbering nearly 2000, and
wlien these are all seated on the main
floor the black and brown and red and
bald heads, and the flashes of faces that
bob up in that heaving sea of palm leaf
fans make a spectacle unique with the im
pressiveness of numbers.
The band helped things along a good j
deal. There is nothing like a good band
in a convention. This fact was proved to
day before the meeting was called to order
when "The Sidewalks of New York" made
the crowd keep time gayly with its feet.
Otherwise it was a cold, dull, mechanical
session.
Same little diversion was caused when
Tom Platt, MfUfeaa Aurelius Hanna and
Chauncey H. Depew came in and were
greeted with hand-ciapping, but it was lo- j
ral merely. The New Yorkers clapped
palms and uttered approving cries for old
man Platt, while the rest looked ou. When
Hanna appeared, the McKlnlejr men !
cheered him, while MorionN New York
and Reed's New England friends Jooked
on with scornful glances.
Among the historical tig urea in the hall j
was a tali man with dark, closely cropped
beard and a little bald spot on the top of
his bead; a quiet-looking gentleman in a
Prince Albert coat, who took his seat
among the distinguished guests without
any mart or recognition from the general
crowd. He was Brigadier-General G. A.
Wilson, who captured Jeff Davis, Presi
dent of the Southern Confederacy.
Joe Manley was recognized with a glad
shout by the McKinley delegates when he
stepped upon the platform to read the
roll. The Reed men, whose leader he dad
deserted on the battlefield, disdained to
join in the welcome, but cast scornful j
looks upon him. If he were a vegetable I I
thins he would have wilted beneath that
scorching fire of unfriendly eyes. He
spoke in so low a tone, and the acoustics of
the big building were so bad that even the
sound of Lis voice was not heard fifty feet
away.
The introduction of Temporary Chair
man Fairbanks of Indiana was the signal
for more t eneral applause than had yet
been observed. Mr. Fairbanks is tall and
of a scholarly appearance with a severe ex
pression accentuated Dy a closely cropped
black beard and a high bald forehead.
SOME OE THE FACES SEEN AT THE McKINLEY HEADQUARTERS.
[J'roflle sketches from life made for " The Call" by Kahler.]
His elocution is of the order of stump ora- 1
tory with florid , gesticulation and much !
shaking; of clinched fists in the faces of
his admirers. He made mistake of j
reading bis speech from manuscript ana i
of prolonging it to upwards of half an
hour. .
It was no doubt very interesting to the j
few hundred people sitting within a raj
dius of fifty feet of him, but nobody else \
could hear wuat he had to say. I could |
distinguish the words "sound money,"
and knew that he was talking for gold by
the way in which the Morton men ap
plauded. Then I heard "protection to
home industries," "infamous Wilson
bill," "navy and merchant marine," and
I knew that he must be reading President
McKinley's first message to Congress in
March, 1897.
Every one was bo glad when he had fin
ished that the applause was general and a
man in the gallery uttered a prolonged
sound for all the world like a locomotive
' whistle, in a melancholy minor Key. That
made the delegates and the 500 members
of the press laugh and feel much better
after the speech they couldn't hear.- These
were the only episodes that enlivened the
tediousness of one of the dullest and least
..teresting sessions in the history of Na
tional conventions. The roll was called
j and the delegations handed in their selec
tions for members of the several commit
tees and an adjournment was declared un
til 10 o'clock to-morrow morning.
I could not help j drawing a parallel be
| tween the maKeup of this convention of
| nearly 2000 delegates and alternates se
| lected from among the brightest poli
ticians in every State in the Union, and
the personnel at the Republican State Con
vention of 600 in California some weeks
ago. j The impression was forced upon me,
to my surprise, that, allowing for the vast
difference "? between the population jof the
State of California and that of ! the rest of
the United States, allowing for the almost
immeasurably larger field from which the
delegates to the St. Louis convention were
selected, the personnel of the Sacramento
convention was higher in intellect than
this.
California has no Cbauncey Depew, but
she has her General Barnes and a score of
other political speakers, . some of whom
are as a graceful and as witty \as New
York's favorite after-dinner orator. She
has equally as able tactitians and poli
ticians as New York, though in a smaller
field, and she can measure up inch for
inch with New York, Indiana and Ohio in
the ; matter of political : grit and* energy.
She has no cause to feel ashamed of her
delegation in St. Louis, for they are'the
peers of any on the floor in social standing,'
in political sagacity and in adherence to
Republican principles. ;
Not alone can she produce the peer of
any Republican delegation to the Nation's
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896.
councils, but she can and does supply
Democrats who can uphold the good name
of her intelligence and her loyalty.
The California delegation will faithfully
adhere to Its State platform on the silver
question, and at a caucus held this morn
ing adopted a resolution unanimously by
the terms of which the delegation will
join with the silverites in maintaining the
battle for a silver plank in the platform.
It was also decided to appoint Congress
man Grove L. Johnson to represent tne
delegation in the big discussion which is
expected to take place to-morrow on the
financial question.
The action of the committee on cre
dentials at their meeting this evening in
voting down a motion to allow the con
testing delegations to plead their cause be
fore the convention has created much dis
satisfaction among the delegates thrown
out arbitrarily by the National Commit
tee. The committee will resume its ses
sion a half-hour hence, and will take up
ths pending motion to report the tempor
ary roll to the convention without allow
ing any debate upon it. If this scheme is
oarried through in the interest of McKin
ley it will endanger his chances, for should
a single disgruntled delegation break from
the solid line there would be a stampede
that would end in the defeat of Hanna's
plans and of his candidate as well.
It is known that there are many delega
tions remaining under the Hanna rod, and
although they are willing to vote for Mc-
Kinley, they are growing exceedingly
restive under the domineering whip of
Mr. Hanna. Mr. McKinley's is not such a
magnetic name as Blame's was, and it
would not require much more provocation
to snap the slender thread that binds
them, not to the man, but to the cause, of
the man from Ohio.
The mutterings of discontent are grow
ing louder and louder, and if this dragoon
ing continues there is a likelihood that
liie McKinley boom started early by Mr.
Hanna may get tired and fall by the way
side. Many of the Eastern States have
favorite sons who would be available as
dark horses should the McKinley line be
broken by over-tension. Besides these,
Reed and Allison are growing in popu
larity every day, and they will remain a
menace to McKinley's chances until the
Presidential nomination shall have been
disposed of. Reed's friends are having a
big parade to-night, headed by a brass
band, and whooping it up for the popular
statesman from Maine.
John Paul Cosgrave.
CONVENTION ORGANIZED.
Scenes when the Names of Com
mltteemen Were Announced.
CONVENTION HALL, ST. LOUIS. Mo.,
June 16.— The first day of the convention
opened with unclouded skies and with the
prospect of extremely hot weather.
Although the gathering was not to be
called to order till noon, the streets in the
vicinity of the hall were thronged for two
hours before that time with strangers who
had come to the city to wtiness what they
could of the grand spectacle, and naturally
drifted toward the Auditorium. The
doors, however, were closed to al) persons,
including alternates and delegates, until
the time arrived for their official opening.
The only exceptions to this rule were the
newspaper men, furnished with badges
and tickets of admission, officials of the
convention and several hundred special
and general aids 10 the sergeant-at-arms.
Conspicuous in the second class was the
secretary of the convention, Charles W.
Johnson of Minnesota, late chief clerk of
the United States Senate, who arrived
early and buried himselif in arranging the
tables at which he and his assistants were
to sit and transact business.
There were few indications in the hall of
the locations to be occupied by the various
delegations. The row of seats imme
diately fronting the president and chair
was assigned to the State of Maine, and
the two rows back of that to the State of
Massachusetts. Next behind Massachusetts
came four rows assigned to New York.
Rows back of those were assiened the
States of Michigan and Wisconsin. The
j chairs in the extreme back rows were
i marked off for the delegates from the
Territories and the District of Columbia.
That disposed of the first section imme
diately fronting the chair of the presiding
officer.
With the exception of lowa and Kansas,
to which back rows of the next section on
the right were assigned, and of Alabama,
which had the front row of that section,
there were no other indications in sight of
where the delegations from the other
States were to be located. As time passed
on, similar iron rods bearing the placards
with the name of the State painted in
white letters on a blue ground, were placed
in position.
At 11 o'clock assignments were com
pleted for all the States.
In the section immediately to the right
of the platform were fixed the placards for
the States of California, Colorado, Con
necticut, Illinois, Washington, Alabama,
Arkansas, Florida, South Carolina, Louisi
ana, Nebraska, New Jersey, West Virginia,
Delaware — California and Alabama being
in the front rows, and the other States
coming behind them in tne order named.
I The other States were fixed in the sections
facing the platform on the left-hand side.
An hour wss occupied by the assistant
sergeant-at-arms in instructing and locat
ing his deputies, ushers and assistant
ushers, and, in the meantime, a band of
music in the gallery behind the platform
performed various airs. Tae doors were
not open for general admission until about
I 11:15 o'clock, aud from that time on spec
tators made their way to the galleries, but
not in large numbers, the tickets for ad
mission being put at the high figure of $40
for the set — that is, for every session of
the convention.
At 11:35 the delegations began to ar
rive — those of California and Maine being
the first to enter the hall. They did so
without demonstration. Other Stale dele
gations poured in rapidly, and soon the
sections assigned to them began to fill up.
Outside the clash of brass bands was heard
from time to time, denoting th? coming of
the delegations. The Massachusetts men,
under the leadership of Senator Lodge, !
wearing a smile of satisfaction on his face i
and a rose-colored dahlia in his button
hole, toon their seats quietly. Prominent
among the Colorado men was Senator
Teller, who chatted pleasantly with those i
in his neighborhood and "saw" Mr. '
Lodge's floral challenge with a silver
white rose in his DuttonhoJe.
At 12 o'clock all the delegations had ar
rived and been seated without any special
demonstrations, except when Mr. Platt of
New York was seen, and then some cheer
ing and other manifestations of adrnira-
tion took place. The spectators in the gal
leries — a fair sprinkling of ladies among
them — did not fill one-tenth of the space.
The hour of noon was marked on the
dials of the two platform clocks and for
twenty minutes afterward, while waiting
for the convention to be called to order,
the band performed some good music. In
the interim of two pieces Chauncey M.
Oepew entered the hall smiling as usual
and got a hearty reception.
At 12:20 Senator Carter, chairman of
the Republican National Committee,
called the convention to order. By this
time all of the seats of the delegates were
filled and nearly half of the gallery space.
The chaplain, Rabbi Sale, opened with
prayer, the whole assemblage standing up
with devout manner as the chaplain in.
SCENES IN THE LOBBY OF THE SOUTHERN HOTEL, ST. LOUIS.
[fetched for » Thm i:.H« #.« .T. KV.fcf._ i
SENATOR JOHN M. THURSTON OF NEBRASKA, WHO WILL BE THE
PERMANENT CHAIRMAN OF THE CONVENTION.
Senator Thurston, who has been selected as permanent presiding officer of the convention, is one of
the best-equipped men for that position in the country. He is keen, alert, and withal ranks among the
finest living American orators. He was temporary chairman of the National Republican Convention in
1884 and his speech on assuming the position fairly electrified the delegates. He is an out-and-out
McKinley man.
yoked divine benediction. He said :
All merciful and most gracious Father, foun
tain of light and life, we 6eek thy presence
and implore thy guidance in the toils aud
tasks of our earthly being. O, thou who art
enthroned in the soul of man and rules the
destinies of nations, be nigh unto us now and
show forth thy wondrous ways in this assem
bly of thy people. Hearken uuto thy servants,
the bondsmen of freedom, and pour out on
them who have come to do thy bidding in the
service of truth and honor, the soirit of wis
dom and understanding, the spirit of counsel
and strength, the spirit of knowledge and the
fear of the Lord. Make righteousness the girdle
of their loins and faithfulness the girdle of
1 their hips, so that they may manfully dis
| charge the sacred duties of their gathering, to
further the well-being of the people and to
safeguard the honor and integrity of the Na
tion.
O, kindle anew in the hearts of our genera
tion the altar flame of devotion to the high
aims that inspired the minds of the founders
of our Republic, and above all illumined and
immortalized the life of the father of his coun
try. Fill us with a deep and abiding sense of
the transcendent dignity and nobility of
! American citizenship and of the sacred obli-
I Rations that should attend it, so that we may j
I Krow from day to day in the beauty of civic j
I virtue and our beloved land from hundred
harbored Maine to the vine-clad hills of theGol
denGate — from the ice-bound north to tne warm
and sunny south— may go from stiength to
strength until it achieves its destiny to become
the fixed and shining mark for every bark j
bound for the haven of law and liberty. Let
not the glory of our past be greater than the j
present, nor let us come to shame and grief j
by the worship of gods of gold and silver to
the neglect of those ideals of the miuo. and
the soul which alone are worthy of a free
Ban's homage and alone can secure the con
tinued possession and enjoyment of civil and
relieious liberty.
Remove from around us the din and noise of
insincerity and hollow-sounding show*; let
bitter strife and wrangling cease in joyous and
grateful exercise of our precious, divine birth
right, and as true and loyal Americans let us
rise superior to every prompting and preju
dice of sect and section, so that firmly linked
in love of our common country we may realize
how good and lovely it is for brethren to dwell |
together in harmony. Prosper thou the work j
ot this council convened in the cause of the
people, and when its message goes forth over
the land may its golden fringe bring to them
the glad assurance that prosperity will brighten
our home, and the immediate jewel of our
soul, the good name of our people and the
credit of our Government, shall remain untar- I
nished forever.
May thy grace, O God, come upon us, and do
thou establish the. work of our hands. Amen.
At the close of the chaplain's prayer
Chairman Carter said: "This convention
i 3 assembled in compliance with the terms
of a call issued by the National Committee
on the 14th of December, 1895. which call
the secretary will now proceed to read.' 1
The secretory complied in a voice that
was inaudible ten feet distant amid cries
of "louder."
Chairman Carter said: "Gentlemen of
the convention, by direction of the Na
tional Committee I present for your ap
proval for your temporary chairman, Hon.
Charles W. Fairbanks of Indiana."
Mr. Sutherland, on behalf of the New
York delegation, moved that the selection
of the committee be approved, and this
wan carried without a dissenting vote.
Mr. Fairbanks, a tall and very slim
gentleman with a dark, close-cropped
beard and mustache, came forward, and
in a clear and distinct tone, with only oc
casional references to his notes, delivered
the following addresi, which was fre
quently applauded:
Gentlemen of the Committee: I am pro
foundly grateful for this expression of your
generous confidence. As citizens we were
never called upon to discharge a more Im
portant duty than that which rests upon vs —
the nomination of a President and Vice-Presl
dent of the United States. This duty is a par
ticularly impressive one at the moment, for it
is already written in the book of fate that the
choice of this convention will be the next
President and Vice-President of this great Re
public.
Three years of Democratic administration
have been three years of panic, of wasted en
ergy, of cnxiety and loss to the American peo
ple, without a parallel in our history. To-day
the people turn 1o the Republican party bo pe
nny, confidently, and it is for us to meet their
expectations; it is for us to give them those
candidates upon whom their hearts have been
centered, and to give them clear, straightfor
ward, emphatic expression of our political
faith.
Tlie Republican party is a party of convic
tions; and it has written its convictions In the
history of the Republic with the pen and the
sword; with it the supreme question always
has been uot what is merely "politic," bat
what is everlastingly "right." The great men
we have given to the Nation and to history,
the mighty dead and the illustrious living, are
our inspiration and tower of strength. If we
are but true to their exalted example we can
not be false to our countrymen.
For a third of a century prior to the advent
of the present Democratic administration we
operated under laws enacted by the Republican
party. All great measures concerning the
tariff and the currency originated with it.
Tariff laws were formed upon lines which pro
tected our* laborers and producers from un
equal and unjust foreign competition, and
upon the theory that the best market in the
world is the home market Bnd that it should
be enjoyed by our own countrymen.
Under the currency laws our currency was
made National. The wildcat State bank
money of the Uemoceatic party was wiped out
of existence. The unprecedented demands
growing out of the war were met by a paper
currency which ultimately became as good as
1112
SENATOR HENRY C. LODGE OF MASSACHUSETTS.
Senator Lodge, who is to place the name of Tnomas Brackett Reed befere the convention for the
residential nomination, is one of the most gifted men in American politics to-day. Although but 46
years of age he represents the grand old State of Massachusetts in the Senate and is recognized as a
worthy successor to Choate, Summer and Winthropin that body. Although admitted to the bar, he has
been more ardent in the pursuit of literature than the law. Senator Lodge is a great admirer of Speaker
Reed and his friends believe that his speech placing the latter in nomination will be a notable one.
gold. Since the resumption of Bpecie pay
ments, in 1879, every dollar of our money
paper, silver and gold— has been oi e<jual pur
chasing power the world over. The policy oi
the parly lihs been to make and keep our cur
rency equal to the beat in the world.
Under the operation of these honest tariff
an>l honest money Republican laws tue coun
try grew in wealth and power beyond prece
dent. We easily outstripped all other powers
in the commercial race. On November 8,
1892, there was work for every hand and
bread for every mouth. We had reached higb
water mark. Labor received rjigher wages
than ever and capital was profitably and se
curely employed. The National revenues
were sufficient to meet our obligations, ami
leave a surplus in the treasury. Foreign and
domestic trade was greater in volume and
value than it had ever been. Foreign L>hl
ances were largely In our favor. European
gold was flowing toward us.
But all of this ls changed. The cause is not
hard to seek. A reaction began when it
was known that the legislative and executive
branches of the Government were to be Demo
cratic.
The Democratic party had at Chicago con
demned the protective tariff principle as un
constitutional, and solemnly pledged itself to
tue overthrow end destruction of the McKinley
law and the adoption of free trade as the poiicy
of the United States. This bold aergressive at
tack upon the long-settled policy of the Repub
lican party bore its natural fruit in shaken
confidence, unsettled business, and we were
Eoon drifting against the rock of destruction.
Before the work of demolition had actually
begun a run started upon the treasury reserve
which the Republican party had wisely accu
mulated for the protection of the Government's
credit. The drain upon the reserve for the
redemption of greenbacks aud treasury notes
greatly surpaased all prior experience and em
phasized the discredit into which the Demo
cratic administration had fallen. An utter
want of confidence lathe administration pos
sessed the people.
The Democratic party was harmonious upon
one subject, and it was the destruction of the
McKinley law.
But when thpy came to the exercise of the
creative faculty, the enactment of a great
revenue measure in Its stead, there was dis
cord.
The imperiled interests of the country
watched and waited through long and anxious
months for some settlement of the important
question. They wanted an end of uncer
tainty. At length ihe Wilson bill was adopted
and it was characterized by a Democratic
President as the child of "perfidy and dis
honor." It was so bad that he would not con
taminate his hand by signing it. A bill that
was 100 base lor Mr. Cleveland to approve is
too rotten for the approval of the American
people.
This important Jaw was wanting in the pri
mary purpose of a revenue measure, for it
failed to provide adequate revenue to meet
the requirements of the Government. Tin- de
ficiency thus far amounts to some»#lf>o.Ooo,
-000. The end is not yet, for the deficiency
grows day by day. This leaves the treasury
und the public credit in constant peril. Our
foreign credit is impaired and domestic capital
feels insecure. .
The sectional favoritism of the Wilson law
was one of its marked features. Its blow at the
sheep husbandry was an unpardonable offense;,
it was a flagrant wrong to the farmers of the
United Stato. This great industry had devel
oped and grown under Republican protective
laws until it was one of our greatest. We are
now sending abroad millions of dollars for
wool which were paid to our farmers under
the McKinley law.
The bill struck down reciprocity, one of the
highest acnievements in American statesman
ship. No measure was ever enacted which
more directly advanced the interests of the
American ""larniers and" manufacturers than j
reciprocity. With its destruction fell advan- j
tageous commercial agreements, under which
their products were surely finding larger and i
profitable foreign markets and without the
surrender of their own.
The substitution of ad valorem for specific ;
duties has opened. the way for systematic j
wholesale frauds upon the treasury and pro- ■
ducers and employes of the country: By \
means of undervaluations foreign goods pass '
through the custom-houses without paying |
their just tribute to the treasury of the United j
States. Thus we have lost millions of dollars |
in revenue and the foreign producer has |
been enabled to unfairly possess our home j
markets.
Neither time nor place will permit further
reference to the unfortunate revenue legisla
tion of the Democratic r>artv nor to the hurt- i
ful, demoralizing effects of it. Suffice it to say j
that it has been the great and original factor j
in breaking down confidence, checking prog- j
ress, emptying the treasury, causing continued !
deficits and enforced idleness among millions •
01 willing workers.
To meet the monthly debts and protect our j
credit and save the Government from protest, I
the President has been forced to sell bonds, j
In other words he has been obliged to mort- |
gage the future in time of peace to meet the j
current obligations of the Government. This '
is in sharp contrast with the Republican rec- i
ord. Our tariff laws not only raised rev
enue, but they protected our domestic
industries; they impartially protected the
farmer and manufacturer, both North
and South; not only it. but they
they also raised sufficient revenue to gradually
reduce the public debt and without imposing
a grievous burden upon the people. During
the administration of Harrison $236,000,000
of obligations were paid, while Cleveland dur
ing the last three years had added to our in
terest-bearing debt 000.000. Against
such Democratic .financiering the Republican
party enters it emphatic protest.
Having attempted to reverse the tariff policy
of the United Slates with such lamentable re
sults, the Democratic party now proposes to
reverse the currency policy. It turns to the
currency as the parent of our ills. Its effort
to shift the responsibility will deceive no one.
Its attack upon the tariff ; its record of ineffi
ciency and insincerity, is a part of the unfor
i tunate history of the Republic. .
. The present currency system is the fruit of
( Republican wisdom. It has been adequate to
i all our past necessities, and if uncorrupted
will meet our future requirements. Our great
j est prosperity was attained' when Republican
; Currency laws were in full operation. When
: the Republican party was in power our cur
rency was good ; it was made as good as the
best on the globe. % We made sound money
and we also made an • honest protective tariff j
to go with it. 'Sound money and an honest
I protective tariff ,go hand .ip hand together,
j not one before the other.: I
The very foundation of a sound currency
1 system is a solvent treasury. If the people
j doubt the 'integrity of the treasury they will
j question the -..soundness of the currency.
! Recognizing this fundamental fact, the Re
■ publican party always provided ample revenue
' for the treasury.
When, in the last half century of our history,
| did the Democratic party advocate a financial
policy that was in the best interests .' of tne
I American people? Look at its ante-bellum
. currency record. Consider its hostility to the
currency rendered necessary by the exigency
of war and later its effort to inflate the cur
rency in a time of peace by the issue of green
backs.
Witness its opposition to the efforts of the
Republican party to resume specie payments.
But four short years ago it declared for a re
turn to tHe old discredited State bank cur
rency. . The Republican party has 7 not been
[•■ unfriendly to the proper uae of silver. It has
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896.
i always favored, ana favors to-day, the use of i
j silver as a part of our circulating medium, but
i it favors that use under such provisions and
sateguards as shall not imperil our present
National standard.
The policy of the Republican party is to re
| tain both gold and silver as a part of our cir
; culating medium, while the policy of free
i coinage of silver leads to certain silver mono
! metallism. it is an immutable law that two
I moneys of unequal value will not circulate to
j gether, and that the poorer always drives out
j the better.
The Republican party, desiring fairly to se-
I cure a larger use of silver, pledged itself in
j favor of an international agreement. Harri
son, true to the pledge of the party, took the
initiatory steps and invited an international
monetary conference at Brussels, at which the
subject of an International coinage agreement
j was ably and profitably discussed.
i The Democratic party was also committed
| to international bimetallism, but when itcame
; into power the work which had been so aus-
I piciously begun by the Republican party was
I abandoned. It was so absorbed in its efforts to
j break down the MeKinley law and empty the
Treasury that it had no time to promote inter-
I national bimetallism.
Those wlio protess to believe that this
j Government can, independently of the other
i great commercial powers, open its mints to
the free and independent coinage of silver at
a ratio of 16 to 1, when the commercial ratio
in all the great markets is 30 to 1, and at the
same time not drive every dollar of gold out of
circulation, bnt deceive themselves. Great
and spleniid as our Government is, it cannot
accomplish the impossible; it cannot create
value; it has not the alchemist's subtle art of
transmuting unlimited silver into gold, nor can
it by omnipotent fiat make 50 cents worth 100
cents. As well undertake by a resolution of
Congress to suspend the law of gravitation as
attempt to compel an unlimited number of
50 cent dollars to circulate with 100 cent dol
lars at a purity with each other. An attempt
to compel unlimited dollars of such unequal
value to circulate at a parity is bad in morals
and is vicious in policy. Sound thinkers upon
the great question of the currency know from
the beginning of the experiment how miser
ably and certainly it would fail. The com
merce of the country would be again thrown
upon the sea of uncertainty and the specter
of want would continue to haunt us for years
to come.
Upon opening our mints to the independent
free coinage of silver foreign credits would be
THE GAVEL WHICH THE CHAIRMAN WIELDS.
After Chairman Fairbanks completed his speech yesterday he was presented with a beautiful gavel
fashioned from a log taken from the cabin built by Mr. Lincoln at New Salem, 111., in 1832. Both ends
are mounted. One end is capped with gold and the following inscription engraved thereon: " National
Republican Convention held at St. Louis June 16, 1896, nominating for » resident." The name
of Mr. McKinley will be inserted as soon as his nomination takes place.
greatly curtailed. More than this there would
be a certain and sudden contraction of our
currency by the expulsion of $620,000,000 of
gold and our paper and silver currency would
iDstantly and greatly depreciate in pur
chasing power; but one result would
follow this— enterprise would be iur
ther embarrassed; business demoralization
would be increased and still further and se
rious injury would be inflicted upon the la
borers, the farmers, the merchants and all
those whose welfare depends upon a whole
some commerce; a change from the present
standard to the low silver standard would
cut down the recompense of labor,
reduce the value of the savings in savings
banks and building and loan associations,
salaries and incomes would shrink, pensions
would be cut in two, the beneficiaries of life
insurance would suffer; in short, the Injury
would be so universal and far-reaching that a
radical Congress can be contemplated only
with the gravest apprehension,
A sound currency is one of the essential in
struments lv developing our commerce. It is
the purpose of the Republican party not only
to develop our aomestic trade, but to extend
our commerce into the uttermost parts of the
earth. We should not begin our contest for i
commercial supremacy by destroying our cur
rency standard. All the leading powers with
which we must compete suspended the free coin- ;
age of silver when the increased production of
silver forced the commercial ratio above the
coinage ratio to gold. Shall we ignore their
ripened experience? Shall we attempt what
they have found utterly impossible? Shall it
be said that our standurd is below theirs? You i
cannot build prosperity upon a debased or
fluctuating currency; as well undertake to
build upon the changing sands of the sea.
A sound Currency defrauds no one. It is
good alike in the hands of the employe and
employer; the laborer and the capitalist. Up
on faith in its worth, its stability, we go for
ward planning for the future. The capitalist
erects his factories, acquires* his materials,
employs his artisans, mechanics and laborers. ;
He is confident t^iat his bargain will not be |
swept away by fluctuations in the currency, i
Tne laborer knows that the money earned by j
his toil is as honest as his labor and that it is i
of unquestioned purchasing power. He like- j
wise knows that it requires as much labor to j
earn a poor dollar as a good one and he also i
knows that if poor money is abroad it surely !
finds its way into his pocket.
We protest against lowering our standard of j
commercial honor. We stand against the
Democratic attempt to degrade our currency >
to the low level of Mexico. China, India and
Japan. The present high standard of oar i
currency, our honor and our flag will be I
sacredly protected and preserved by the Repub- :
lican party.
There are many and important questions re- j
quiring the enlightened and patriotic judg- !
ment of the Republican party. A pan-Ameri- ■
can and commercial alliance was conceived by
James G. Blame, and the highest motives of
self-interest require us to accomplish what ne ■
had so well begun. The Monroe doctrine must ■
be firmly upheld and the powers of the earth ,
made to respect this great, but unwritten law. j
There can be no further territorial aggrand- !
izement by foreign governments on the west- j
crn hemisphere.
Our devotion to the pensioners of the Natton
was never more emphatic or necessary than
now. The Republican party believes in the
developments our navy and merchant marine j
until we establish our undisputed supremacy :
upon the high seas.
The struggle for Cuban liberty enlists the :
ardent sympathy of the Republican party— a j
party which has given to liberty its fullest j
meaning on this continent. We wish to see a
new Republic, born on Cuban soil, greet the ;
new con Wry whose dawn is already purpling i
the East.
My friends, the campaign of 1896 is upon us. j
The great questions for debate in the august ;
forum of the United States are free trade and !
free silver against a protective tariff and sound ■
money. As we regard our homes and our |
honor and our happiness and prosperity and !
the future power and majesty of the Republic, j
let us dedicate ourselves to the restoration of a
protective tariff which shall be genuinely j
American and to the maintenance of an hon
est standard of value with which to measure
the exchanges of the people.
A distinguished Republican has said that the
supreme desire of the American people is for j
'•an honest currency and a chance to earn it
by houest toll."
Long before he had finished his lengthy
aduress, Mr. Fairbanks' voice, m the effort ;
to accomplish the impossible task of reach
ing every part of the immense auditorium,
became painfully distressed; still, most of
his points were taken up by those nearest
to him, and those at a distance waved
their fans in unison with the applause of
I those in front. His reference to the im
| possibility of compelling 50-cent silver
dollars to circulate in unlimited numbers
on a parity with gold, was greeted with a
! loud burst of applause, while Senator
| Teller smiled sardonically and one of the
Western delegates In the rear emitted a
I dismal owl cull. His reference to Blame
produced a genuine demonstration, the
convention rising and cheering repeat
edly.
When Cuba was referred to flags were
waved and there was considerable hand
clapping. This applause was redoubled in
recognition when his closing sentences
declared that the fight of 1896 was between
free trade and free silver aeainst honest
i money and protection.
At the conclusion of Mr. P'airbanks'
speech Mr. Carter produced the appoint
ments of the secretary, assistant sec
; retaries, sergeants-at-arms, official sten
i ographers and other officials, and the per
sons so named were declared duly ap
! pointed.
W. Laml>, delegate from Virginia, offered
i a resolution, which was agreed to, that
until a permanent organization is effected
the convention will be governed by the
i rules of tue last Republican convention.
Mr. Lamb also offered another resolu
tion wnich wasadopted, ordering that the
roll of States and Territories be now called
and that the chairman of each delegation
announce the names of the persons selected
to serve on the several committees, as fol
lows: .
First — On permanent organization. Sec
ond — On rules and order of business.
Third— On credentials. Fourth— On reso
lutions. Also that all resolutions in re
spect to the platform shall be referred to
the convention without debate.
The States were then called for their se
! lection of delegates as members of the
several committees. When the name of
Senator Teller was announced as a mem
ber of the committee on resolutions from
bis State there was a small outburst of ap
plause, after which the call was proceeded
with.
When Massachusetts sent up the name
of Senator Lodge as its representative on
] the committee on resolutions there was a
AN OBJECT LESSON FOR THE FARMER.
One of the pictorial arguments which is being circulated by the frie ids of McKinley represents
him at a country gathering lunching with a farmer and his family, on which occasion he takes the
i opportunity to impart an object lesson on the benefits derived by agriculture from protection. Hold
| ing up a piece of bread, or a sandwich, he' proceeds to show in what manner a protective tariff
maintains the prices of the products of the farm. When he has concluded his lunch it is easy to
! understand that the handshake he got from the enlightened tiller of the soil spoke as eloquently as
! words, and that farmer and wife had their doubts removed and went back home to impart to their
neighbors the truths that had been demonstrated in a way as simple as it was convincing and
irrefutable.
counter demonstration on the part of the
gold standard men.
The name of Joseph B. Foraker was sent
up as the representative of the State of Ohio |
on the committee on resolutions and when j
it was read from the clerk's desk it was re
ceived with cheers.
Clayton of Arkansas sent up a resolu
tion which he desired to have read and re
ferred, but objection was made and it was
referred without reading. It related to
the determination of election contests.
Another resolution from the colored
people of Illinois affecting their rights as
a race was treated in a like manner.
After an announcement of the places
and times of meeting of the four commit
tees, the convention at 1 :47 p. m. adjourned
to to-morrow al 10 a. m.
MORTON WILL NOT ACCEPT
He Telegraphs That Ke Will Not
Have Second Plaoe.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 16.— The first
day's session of the eleventh National Re
publican Convention, which opened
shortly after noon to-day in the hall
erected for that purpose by the patriotic
citizens of St. Louis, was unrelieved by a
single incident to lift the interior pro
ceedings above the level of flat and un
interesting monotony which character
izes the exterior of the building.
There was an immense assemblage; a
great waving of Jans in a torrid heat; an
hour or so of prepared oratory, the deliv
erance of which failed to reach more than
one-fifth of the vast auditorium, and a
i prompt adjournment to await the reports
of the committees on credentials and plat
form. Other committees were of course
appointed, but these two were the only
ones upon which public interest centered.
The credentials committee early made
manifest a purpose to pass most of the
night on a discussion of the Delaware and
Texas cases, which were specifically re*
ferred to their adjudication by the Na
tional Committee. In each of these cases
; the delegates-at-large had been excluded,
! and the National Committee was unwill
! ing to decide between the contesting fac
| tions. In the Delaware case Senator
Thurston's open denunciation of Addicts
complicated matters. In the Texas con
test was involved the legitimacy of the
new "lily white" movement, which is per-
I piexing Republican organizations in the
; South.
The action of the committee in setting
apart three and a half hours to-night for
the consideration of these cases is taken
as an indication that it will confine its at
tention to matters specifically referred to
it and let the other contests stand as set
tled by the National Committee.
Prophesying is a risky profession in con
nection with a body which has already un
dergone so many lightning changes as
have come over the course of this conven
tion, but this seems to be the programme.
That is to say, to decide the Delaware
and Texas cases and the few disputed dis
trict cases ir> New York, California und
some other States, which have been in
terms referred to the credentials commit
tee by the National Committee and then
by a sweeping omnibus resolution to adopt
the temporary rolkail as the permanent
one in all other contests. Such a plan, if
| adopted, will of course elicit strong oppo
sition from dissatisfied contestants, but
as few of them will have spokesmen on
| the floor of the convention they will prob
ably have to air their grievances on !he
outside.
The platform committee conducted its
labors behind closed doors, and did not
permit the privileged reporters of the
United- Press to listen to its deliberations,
which undoubtedly were vastly more in
teresting than anything said before the
credentials committee.
Aside from the work of these commit
tees, the curious movement started to
force Levi P. Morton into the position of
| tail to the McKinley kite before his name
has even been laid before the convention
lor the higher offi:e to which his State has
nominated him, engrosses attention. The
facts in this matter, carefully verified,
seem to be about as follows:
Certain New York Republicans (not
however, Mr. Platt) have repeatedly vie
ited Mr. Manila's headquarters to-day to
solicit that gentleman's co-operation in
bringing about the nomination of Gover
nor Morton.^ Mr. Hanna, in turn, ques
tioned these gentlemen as to the knowl
edge of Mr. Morton's intentions. He re
ferred them to the Governor's telegram to
Mr. Depew on Saturday last, in which he
stated without qualification that he would
not take second place on the ticket. Un
der the circumstances, Mr. Hanna desired
to know what reason these gentlemen had
for believing that Governor Morton had so
suddenly shifted his position.
To these inquiries an equally frank re- j
; ply was made. They had no assurance j
from Governor Morton that he would ac- j
cept, but they were bo satisfied he would
' not decline the honor if it were given to
i him that they felt no hesitancy in secur
i ing his nomination, knowing that he
would not run counter to the convention's
wishes. Mr. Hanna thereupon informed
1 his visitors that he was talcing no hand in
( the contest for the Vice- Presidency. He
was there, he said, to nominate Mr. Mc-
Kinley as President In this view of the
case he did not think it advisable to em
j barrass his candidate's changes by taking
; part in the contest over the second place.
He did not hesitate to say, however, that
so far as his individual preference was con
j cerned it inclined to Mr. Hobart of New
Jersey. It was openly stated this evening
that Mr. Platt was in receipt of a dispatch
from Governor Morton, which states in
effect that so far as the Vice- Presidency is
| concerned he is in the hands of his friends,
bnt in which he failed to declare in so
many words what action he would take if
the convention should nominate him.
Information reached the United Press
this evening that some of Mr. Morton's
friends who have been working up an in
terest in his behalf to-day cabled Mrs.
Morton, who is in Europe, to use her in
fluence with the Governor to take the sec
ond place. Her reply, received at a late
hour this afternoon, contained an em
phatic negative, the substance of the dis
patch being that she wishes him to have
the first place or none.
Tne New York McKinley men, with a
view to forestalling any favorable action
that the convention might take respecting
Mr. Morton and the Vice-Presidency,
drew up a paper this afternoon, which was
! beine circulated to-night for signatures.
| It does not mention Governor Morton by
| name, but it protests against the factional
quarrels of New York being carried into
the convention and condemns the unwis
dom of selecting the Vice-President from
New York.
An apparent quietude was . put upon!
all this gossip to-night by Chaun
cey Depew, who, as Governor Morton's
sponsor, would have been placed in a most
embarrassing position if he had been
called upon to waste his eloquent periods
in placing Mr. Morton in nomination for
one high office, while the Governor's al
leged friends were actively pushing him
for another office of lesser dignity. Mr.
Depew telegraphed Governor Morton, stat
ing it had been asserted that he had re
scinded his telegram of declination and
was now willing to accept second . place
and asking him if this was so. To this
Mr. Depew received the following explicit
reply : . ' . . " .' '.
Rhinecliffe, N. V., June 16.
Hon. Chauncey M. Bepew, Southern Hotel,
St. Louis: Telegram received. Stories cir
culated are untoundeJ. Have rescinded
nothing. ' . ■ L. P. Mortos.
As a commentary upon this dispatch'
Mr. Depew repeated the remark he made
to a United Press reporter this morning,
when the rumors about Mr. Morton's
Vice-Presidential aspirations were brought
to his attention: ' % \[
"How often must a man say a thine;
before he is to be believed? Must he say
it every day and Keep on saying it Indefi
nitely? 1 '
«
CREDENTIALS COMMITTEE.
Very Few Contests Will Be Reheard
by It.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 16.— Just as soon
as the committee on credentials had or
ganized, J. C. Cowy of Nebraska submitted
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the roll of delegates and alter
nates prepared by the National Committee for
the purpose of temporary organization be and
the same is hereby adopted by this committee
as the true and correct roll of the delegates
and alternates to the convention, and that this
committee proceed with the hearing of the
contests referred to it by the National Commit
tee, viz., the delegates andalternates from the
State of Texas.
W. P. Hepburn of lowa ottered the fol
lowing substitute :
BevAved, That the secretary be instructed to
obtain from the National Committee all papers
and documents tiled, and before them, in the
contest! for seats in the convention, and that
thereupon this committee proceed to dispose
of all contests in alphabetical order of States.
This substitute was lost by a vote of 19
to 17, tnus showing that the McKinley
men of the committee who desire to shut
out any further hearing of the contests
have won, and that the temporary roll of
the convention as far as completed will be
maae permanent and the work of the con
vention shortened. The committee ad
journed until 7:iiO p. m. without taking a
vote on tue pending motion, .
Before adjourning, however, Messrs.
Thompson of Ohio, Hepburn of lowa and
Cowin of Nebraska were appointed a com
mittee to formulate rules for any contests
that the committee may hear.
J. Frantlin Fort of New Jersey is chair
man of the credentials committee; Jacob
Trieber of Arkansas, secretary; J. M. Gil
bert of Arkansas, assistant secretary; and
Edward Smith of Colorado, sergeant-at
arms.
Nearly every member of the committee
responded to the rollcall when they re
assembled at 7:30.
Mr. Sutherland of New York moved
that a representative of the press associa
tions be admitted to the sessions of the
committee, and this was carried unani
mously, all other persons not connected
with the committee's investigation being
required to withdraw.
A sub-committee reported in favor of
giving two hours for the discussion of the
Hiegins — Addicks Delaware case and an
hour and a half to the Texas case. This
report was antagonized by Mr. Hepburn
of lowa, who moved that two hours be
given to each side in this contest,
NEW TO-DAT.
Substitute!
I Perhaps you will be
offered a substitute for
Scott's Emulsion* Sub-
stitute ? There are so
many of them that it
would be laughable if
the question were not a
serious one for you*
There can be no sub-
stitute for Scott's
Emulsion* It differs
from every other emul-
sion in its scientific
preparation* When
i Scott's Emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil with Hy-
I pophosphites has been
used for over twenty
! years, and when thou-
| sands have testified to
; its benefit* why experi-
ment with some new
preparation of Cod-
liver Oil* even if you
do save a few cents?
Ask your Doctor which
is the best emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil for you
|to take* - '■- -:■:"'■>
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE BPE-
-1 clalist treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
' - NEBVOUS DISEASES OKMKN ONLY. He «tot>s
I Discharges; cures secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Sores and Swellings: Nervous Debility. Impo-
-1 tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
He corrects the Secret Krrors of Youth and their
terrible effect*, Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of .Memory, Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body,' caused by the Error*,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
I moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
' Health. He also cures Diseases caused by .Mer-
! cury and other Poisonous Drugs.
■ Dr. ilcNulty's methods are regular and scien-
I title. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
| preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
; medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Prl-
I ; rate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable. - • ■•■•■" - . .
1 Hours— 9to 3dtlly; 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sun-
. days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and sa-
credly confidential. Call on or address . =
P. KO9CUK McNTLTY, M. D.,
S6K Kearny St., San Francisco, CaL
- jjfS" Beware of strangers who try to talk to you
' about your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctors.but the proportion was defeated by an
overwhelming jiajority, and the report of
tie committee -vas adopted, with one vote
in the negative
At 8 o'clock -x-Sf-nator Hi^gins was pre
sented and poceeded to open the case in
behalf of hi- delegation. He repeated
as emphatically as he could tliatJ.Ed
warrt Addiclts was no more aualiiied as a
Republican o sit and act in this conven
tion than wuld be Arthur P. Gorman or
David B. Hit
As recently as 1890 Addicks had given
$5000 to de eat a Republican candidate for
Governor and elect a Democrat, and the
proofs wire forthcoming in the form of
sworn statements of three witnesses who
lived in toe same house with him in Phil
adelphia and to whom he boasted of the
facts.
He declared tnat as a result of the con
spiracy between Addicks and the Demo
cratic >arty in the last election the Repub
licans of Delaware had lost a Governor
and a United States Senator. No question
of principle was involved, assuming that
this man bad any principle. He simply
clamed to own the State.
Ripnblicanism had no place in his
repertoire. Would the committee give
this man a clean bill of health? Would it
conione his crime so that he could go
home and elect himself to the United
Sta.es Senate? It would mean the de
struction ol the Republican party in Delu
ware for this thing to be done.
He begged the convention not to put
upjn them this unspeakable shame. As
fcr Addicks' associates, they had chained
themselves to his political and personal
fortunes, and were entitled to no ennsid
eration. Addicks had no moral conc°p
tion, no idea that there was a man above
ground that was above being bought.
That was his ethical position; that was
the kind of creature the committee and
tbe opposing faction had to deal witn.
Vould the committee give him recogni
tion? He begced and entreated it not to
do so.
Michael J. Murray opened for the Ad
dicks *;de. He protested aprainst the per
sonalities that had been indulged in and
insisted 'hat the question should be fought
out on tbe strict issues in the case. It was
not necessary to take uptime in defending
Mr. Addicks; he needed nociefen^e.
This brou.cnt out so much applause that
Chairman Fort was compelled to give no
tice that no demonstration in behalf o"
one 3ide or tbe other would be tolerated.
Mr. Murray went on to say that the
charges that Mr. Addicks was a Democrat
or that he had given money to aid th^
Democratic cause in Delaware were abso
lutply false.
Dr. Caleb R. Layton.oneof the Addicks
delegates and who was chosen chairman
•f the Delaware State Convention, spoke
briefly. He disclaimed having any ill will
toward Senator Higgins, but declared that
he and the young Republicans of Dela
ware demanded the right to meet in con
vention and elect their own representatives
Dr. Layton denied emphatically that the
convention which named the delegates
was a mob of roushs. He d'dared that
no gag rule was resorted to, but that when
the mihority resorted to dilatory tactics
he "played Tom Reed."
Hiram Burton, an Addicks district del
egate from Sussex County, and one of tho
oldest Republicans in the State, made :■.
protest against the stain that had been put
upon his reputation in this contest by
ex-Senator Higgtns, who since his boy
hood had been I - tlosest friend.
General Wilson, the retiring National
Committeemar., speaking to the question
of corruption at the primaries prior to the
State Conventtrm, told the committee tha 1
in his own township, where 306 votes were
cast, there were net more than twenty of
tte majority but were purchased by the
friends of Mr. Addicks, either by money
outright or promises of position.
In reply to a question from a member of
the committee, Mr. Addicks said he hart
lived in Delaware' for nineteen years and
had voted for Abraham Lincoln and every
Republican candidate for the Presidency
since.
Ex-Senator Hi?gins closed for the con
testants. Replying to Dr. Burton, wbo
himself came within a few votes of beinp
elected a United States Senator, Mr.
Higgins declared, with his hand upon
his heart, that no matter how Ion?
some of those on the other sidt
had been his friends, no matter how close
they had been together, when they allied,
themselves with Addicks, when they in
dorsed his crimes.he and they parted com
pany.
At 10:40 the contestees and contestant?
retired and the committee went into ex
ecutive session.
The resolution to seat the Addicks dele
gation was defeated — 20 ayes, 29 noes.
The committee then voted on the ques
tion of seating the Higgins delegation.
Ayes 31, noes 21.
At the conclusion of the Addicks hear
ing the committee adjourned until 10
o'clock to-morrow, when it will take uj
the Texas contest hptween the "Lily
Whites" and "Black and Tans."
Mr. Hepburn will present a minority re
port on the Addicks case.
CALIFORNIANS WILL STAY
They Will Not Bolt Because of Sil-
ver's Defeat.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., June 16.— An interest
ing incident occurred to-day during the
call of some "gold standard" Eastern del
egates at the headquarters of the Califor
nia delegation.
The conversation naturally turned upon
the only question now agitating the entire
membership of the convention, namely:
The composition of the money plank in
the platform to be adopted. The Caii
fornians had demonstrated their position
favorable to silver, when one of the caller.'
inquired:
"Will you walk out of the convention i:
the plank does not suit you as certain
other silver people threaten to do?"
The reply to this was frank and unequi
vocal. It was made by Delegate E. S
Denison of Oakland and concurred in b.\
California's Lieu tenant-Governor.
"No," was the reply; "'we will makr> oir
fig. t for silver, but if we are whipped we
will stand by the platform and the norn
nee. We are Republicans and will stan i
by the action of our convention."
Later, at a meeting of the California
delegation, a resolution prepared by Grove
Johnson was adopted instructing A. B
Lemmon, California's member on the reso
utions rcmimiltee, to vote for free silver
land co-operate with the free-silver men In
every way, but not to bolt if the committ?e
adopted a gold-standard platform.
C. C. Carlto.v.
IWry Men May Join Reed.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 16.— 1t Ib now
claimed that owing to the fact that
Channcey I. Filley was turned down by
the Missouri delegates, some of the Filley
men will jump from McKinley to Reed.
It is stated that five of them signed an
agreement to vote for Reed and others are
claimed.
Condition of th* lvifury.
WASHINGTON, D. C., June 16.— The
treasury told reserve at the close of bun
nes^> to-day stood at $io:: 748,177. The
day's withdrawals were $41,600.
ALL CUT
AND DRY.
Convention Programme as
Laid Out by Mark
Hanna.
McKINLEY FOR FIRST
PLACE.
A Platform Which Will Declare
ior the Existing Gold
Standard.
THE VICE - PRESIDENCY FOR
EOBART.
This to Be Accemp ished During To-
Day and Tc-Morrow and Then
Adjournment.
The Call's HEAPQrAKTF.Fs,j
Southern Hotel, >
St. Louis, Mo., June 16.)
"Mgr." Hanna now proposes to wind up
the convention to-morrow evening if pos
i-ible, or by Thursday noon at the latest,
.md expects to nominate McKinley for the
Presidency, and Hobart of New Jersey
lor second place on the ticket.
Hobart is the logical Vice- Presidential
candidate. It was predicted in these dis
patehee last Wednesday that he would be
the Vice-Presidential nominee, and to
day's developments tend to confirm the
accuracy of this prediction. The plat
form, too, has been foreshadowed cor-
rectly in The Call.
Mr. Hanna this morning had a confer
ence witn Henry Cabot Lodge of Massa
chusetts and an agreement was reached
'or the adoption of a McKinley version of
the existing gold standard declaration,
which differs from Senator Lotiye's plant
only in a multiplication of ph. ases, and
which makes the work of the committee on
resolutions merely formula. Senator Lodge
withdrew from the right for the chairman
ship of the committee and personally nom
inated Governor Foraker for it, which left
nothing to be done, so far as the one im
portaut question was concerned, but to
rote down the minority of Teller silver
ites, whose free coinaie report will be the
only minority one made.
The convention will make short work of
that, even under the threat that Senator
Teller and twenty-seven other delegates
may walk out after the free coinage sub
stitute is voted down and the gold stand
ard plank is adopted.
The committee on credentials, by follow
ing Manager Hanna's directions and re
iusing to consider any contests except
those From Delaware and Texas* which
were expressly referred to it by the Na
tional Committee, greatly contributed to
c ut down the work of the convention and
iiii^tt-n its adjournment. The committee
n permanent organization simply took
Permanent Chairman Thurston and ail
the permanent otlicers just as Manager
Hanna had selected them, and the con
vention will do the same.
The reports from these committees,
which nre all that will havG to come be
iore the convention, Mr. Hanna expects to
liuve disposed of to-morrow in a couple of
hours— ana then to have the nomination
of McKinley made in the afternoon and
'he nominating speeches and nomination
of the Vice-Presidential candidate in the
evening. The platform-framers have had
war about words and the battle was finally
won for the existing gold standard. Thai
•he word "gold" would be included in the
l-latform was stated positively by The
Call correspondent last night.
Now that it is settled that the platform
will declare for the existing gold standard
Mr. Hanna declares that this was in
tended from the start Senator Lodge and
the other gold - standard leaders insist,
on the other hand, that if they had found
Manager Hann° willing to concede on
Sunday, or even yesterday, the plant
which they accepted from him this morn
ing they would not have made the right
they did, and that it was only because
they did make Buch a fight that they won
a victory.
There is no doubt that fiditor Kohlsaat
of Chicago and close friends of Mr. Mc-
Kinley advocated such a plank as that
adopted to-day in the McKinley confer
ences held here last Friday, but if it was
then accepted by Manager Hanna he .was
very successful in concealing that fact.
The extreme standard men believe that
their announcement last night that they
were going to make Morton their candidate
tor the Vice-Presidency and that they be
lieve they could carry the convention for
him and the "existing gold standard"
phrase brought Manager Hanna round to
accepting their phrase, though not their
candidate.
This morning Mr. Hanna knew that Mr.
Platt had had a talk with Governor Mor
ton last night by long-distance telephone,
mid that he then arranged that after Mc-
Kinley was nominated for President Gov
ernor Morton would ailow himself to be
nominated for the Vice-Presidency. Also
that Mr. Platt, Mr. Quay, the New Eng
land men and the gold-standard allies in
•ho West were working to bring thi
nbout. Mr. Hanna being opposed to Mor
ton's V'ce-Presidential candidacy, for
both personal and political reasons, an
nounced to his lieutenants that he hn ■<
ierinitely determined, "with Mr. McKin
l'\v's approval," upon Garr^tt A. Hobart
of N>w Jersey as the McKinley candidate.
The McKinley men in the New York dele
gation at once went to work for Hobart
ttrainst Governor Morton.
It would seem that Mr. Hanna, even
though his convention programme has
been altered by the extreme gold standard
men in the matter of the wording of the
financial plank, though in no other respect
a« y«*t, is still sufficiently master of the
convention to have Mr. Hobfirt put on the
ticket with Mr. McKinley, and that is what
is expected, unless the gold standard men
develop such strength, as a result of their
efforts among the different delegations to
night, as to make it plain to Manager
Hanna in the morning that he must yield
.•main and put Morton on with McKinley.
This is now tne only unsettled matter
before the convention, and every bod v
treats its work as practically done, and ia
beginning to talk of the campaign excent
those who have Vice-P reside ntial candi
dates whom they hope to help in soon
w^v between Morton and Hobart.
Even though there has been a score of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896.
candidates for the Vice-Presidency, twice
as many as was ever known before, there
has benn no more serious t;t!k about the
second place on the ticket than is usual
when the nomination for the Presidency is
in doubt.
This convention, unique of course in the
fact that the first place on the ticket was
practically filled before it met, may how
ever have an unusually lively strugsle
over the second place. Mr. Hanna, though
oblieed to concede what he did not like,
and for a little while irritated and indig
nant at the attempts of the gold standard
men to dictate to him, had quite recovered
his equanimity by the time the convention
met at noon and was smiling and cheer
fully confident as ever.
Most of the delegates and intelligent ob
servers thought that the first session of
the convention was dull and depressing.
The convention hall is far inferior in ap
pearance and arrangement, and above all
in acoustic properties, to the Minneapolis
hall of 1892. It was notably difficult for
most of the 12,000 people who were there
to-day to hear much of what was said.
Temporary Chairman Fairbanks spoke in
a good loud voice, and yet most of his
speech was lost to the audience.
The prayer of the Jewish rubbi chaplain,
with its keynote allusion to the gold
standard declaration, got quite as much
applause proportionately from the conven
tion as the Fairbanks speech. The only
approach manifested to enthusiam during
the entire time was when the Maine
delegation arose and clieered at a
reference to James G. Blame, who
sec red in the McKinley bill the reci
procity feature which is now relied upon
chiefly by the McKinley managers to
hold the Western Republican farmers
away from the seductions of the free-coin
age advocates. The make-believe that
Speaker Reel, Senator Allison, Senator
Quay and Governor Morton are still Presi
dential candidates is still kept up with
the view of getting as many votes as possi
ble by way of compliment for each of them
in the convention, but even the dullest
rustic visitor to St. Louis is not deceived
by it.
The light between the Morton and
Hobart — that is to say, the Platt and
Harma — forces got more intense as the
day wore on, and in the evening, especially
in the New York delegation, was more
than acrimonious.
Mr. Platt is at some disadvantage in the
struggle, because he is obliged for the
present to admit that Governor Morton ia
a candidate for the Presidency and at the
same time has to advocate his nomination
for the Vice- Presidency.
He has been trying to commit as mam
as possible of the New York delegation to
the Morton as against the Hobart move
ment. Warner Miller and the other Me
Kinleyites of the New York delegation
have been finhtini: him desperately, seven
teen of them Signing a vigorous protest
against bringing Governor Morton's nanv
and the New York factional lights into th*»
convention in this way.
They went so far as to get out a circular
to the colored delegates signed by six col
ored Republicans of New York asking
them whether they could afford to sup
port for Vice-President "a man who
while occupying that oflice resisnt-ii
his place as presiding oiHcer to
a Democrat when the Lodge election bill
came up before the T"m:ed States Senate V
No," continues the circular, "of cour-o
not; and then you cannot entertain the
idea for a moment of {riving the second
place on the ticket to Levi P. Morton of
New York.
"I: the Lodge elf-ction bill had become a
law it would have given two millions of
colored Republicans in the South the
right of franchise guaranteed by_ the con
stitution, but Withheld owing to the
leadership of su> h Republicans as Thomas
C. Platt's candidate for Vice-President. '"
Chauncey M. Depew, who wants to be
Vice-President himself, although he ha.
been diplomatically denying the fact. It
indignant over the Morton movement, de
claring that if he could be sure that Gov
ernor Morton really wanted the Vice-
Presidential nomination he would decline
to put him in nomination for tbe Presi
dency, as he has promi«ed and prepared
to do.
But Mr. Platt has ways of "putting the
screws on" Mr. Depew, which will prob
ably make him not only nominate Morton
for the Presidency, but for the Vice-Presi
dency as well.
Platt is doing everything in his power,
through this controversy on the Vice-Presi
dency and in other ways, to delay Hanna's
programme, and threatens to bring all the
contests up in the convention, even though
the committee on credentials does ignore
all except those from Delaware and Texas.
Permanent Chairman Thurston, how
ever, is prepared to enforce the Keed rules,
even on Mr. Platt. Senator Quay is
working with Senator Platt for Morton
and against Hobart, regarding the latter
as in alliance with Quay's enemies in
P nnsylvania, especially since David Mar
tin, like all the other McKinley people, is
doinj: his best to nominate Hobart.
Platt and Quay and Lodge, the leaders
of the Morton movement, claim to-night
that they will win. C. C. Carltox.
FELL OUT WITH HANNA.
Foraker of Ohio Refuses to Desert
Morton.
ST. LOI'IS, Mo., June 16.— At midnight
the sensation is a disagreement between
Mr. Hanna, McKinley's manager, and Jo
seph B. ForaKer. Mr. Hanna to-night is
sued the order that every McKinley man
must array himself against Morton 's can
didacy for the Vice-Presidency.
'They have written Wall street across
I the platform, but they shall not also in
dorse it," he said.
In spite ot Mr. Hanna's order Governor
Foraker has espoused Mr. Morton's cause.
A meeting of the Ohio delegation was
held to-nipht, an' 1 after a bitter light,
Governor Foraker went, to Platt's room
| and said he could deliver twenty-four
votes for Morton.
This complicates the situation and the
ontest will be between Hobart or Mor
ten for the Vice-Presiaency with a strong
probability that Hobait will win.
FOUND DEAD IN THE WOODS
Suicide Hear Chicago of a. Supposed
J-~rr*tio bookkeeper. .
CHICAGO, 111., June 16.— A man sup
posed to be M. Heckman, a bookkeeper
for the Egpers Vineyard Company^ of
Fresno. Cal., was found dead in the woods
near ; Devon avenue and Sheridan road
■yesterday. There, was a bullet wound in
his > head. - F An empty revolver lay beside
him. He was about 05 years old, and pa
pers in his possession seemed to indicate
us identity. ...There is nothing to explain
he suicide, for such it is taken to be.
BIRD FROM HIS WOUND
End of the "Desperate Wan Who Shot a
Jtnuk ' President.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 16.— The man
who yesterday shot ; President George
Wyckoff of the Bank of New Amsterdam
md: then shot himself is not Charles
Clark as he declared himself immediately
after the shooting. The information was
given out at the New York. Hospital this
morning that his real name was George
Semple, 28 years old, married, and that I
his • home was at 37 West Thirty-second !
street. He died in the hospital to-day at >
1 o'clock." The condition of President j
Wyckoff to-day, was slightly improved.
WILL END
IT TO-DAY.
The California Contest Is
to Be Immediately
Decided.
A SHARP FIGHT IN THE
COMMITTEE.
Slight Hope Held Out to Silver
Men by the Rule Formu
lators.
3ENERAL LEW WALLACE FOR
Mark Hanna Wishes to Manage M-pr
JUcKin ey's In'.enss in the
Campnien
THBCALL HEADQUARTE R S,
SOUTHERN HOTEL, ST. LOUIS, Mo.,
June 16. — One of the sharp fights before
•he committee on ruies and order of
Business, is that which will ensue over
the proposition submitted to this com
mittee to include as a rule the require
ment that the report of the National Com
mittee concerning credentials as delegates
shall be accepted as final by the conven
tion.
If this proposition is adopted by the
rules committee and reported to the con
vention for ratification it will lead to a
big right. The apparent aim ol t'.is
proposed change in the rules for the
government of the convention is to
take away from the committee on
i-.redentiais its jurisdiction in settling
contests, although the ostensible object is !
to avoid the troubles and delays that may
be encountered if the committee on cre
dentials shah open up all of the numerous
contests and give hearings to the repre
sentatives of both sides of each contest,
and then have further vexatious delays
when the cases aru reported to the conven
tion for its action.
The result of the California contests,
therefore .depends upon the report of the j
rules committee and its ratification by I
t ne convention. A very important part i
of Uie work that is to be performed by the j
committee on resolutions is to steer clear '
of dangerous pitfalls that have been pre- ;
pared for it.
The members as a rule say their work
will be simple enoueh after all the ma
terial has been sifted and the committee j
comes to the main question of declaring
dearly and unequivocally in favor of the j
"existing gold standard," and in opposi- i
tion to the free coinage of silver, except by
an international agreement.
An Eastern member of the committeee !
on resolutions has submitted an amend- j
raent to follow the paragraph relating to •
an international agreement in these
words: "And we pledge tne efforts of the
Republican party to secure such inter
national agreement." This, it is thought, |
would have pood effect in soothing the i
wounded feeiings of the silver men and
give them ground for hope that some
thing will be done in the interest of the I
wl ite metaL
When General Lew Wallace of Indiana j
was designated by the Indiana delegation j
to serve as its member on the committee
'■n resolutions (of which committee he has
NEW TO-DAY
RHEUMATISM,
Sciatica, Lumbago, Lame Back and all painf
and aches are traced to their source and
driven from the body by
The Superiority of this ,^^^<r Thousands of poor un»
wonderful Belt, over all '^§^^^ r fortunates are daily
other methods of treat- -~'JF-£%sEl drugging themselves to
ment is shown in the 3§jF^%?§i? death who could regain
quick and certain results^g 7^ S-Ipls health and strength in a
which follow its use in xP^vst^|P^C natural manner by using :
every case. this famous Beit.
■ y-.^ifv , : 3:
Whatever the cause, or wherever it li(-,3 Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will follow the
jourse of rheumatic pains and find the se it of the trouble. Then it will drive it out of
she body for good. Electricity, in its sul".!d way, strengthens the circulation, adds to
the vital force and removes the cause «v all' pains and aches from tne body. : Dr.
Sanden's Belt is the most perfect means y applying it. v, '.-; ' .
DR. SANDEN'S BELT CURED THESE :
John Curran, 1410 Folsom street, San Francisco; H. Rauch, ; 1109 Treat avenue, San Fian-
t?co; Captain Henry Beck, 240 Montgomery street, San Francisco; 'Arthur Yuagens,' C Troop,
'residio, San Francisco; Richard Reiner, cook, steamer Barbara Hornster, San Francisco:
.'homaa Ray,' American Exchange Hotel, San Francisco;" Gottlieb Bachman, 523 Pine street.
Lan Francisco; William Dawson, 1422 Sutler street. San Francisco : Wm. H. Juke% 1782 Aton-
ic street, Oakland; F. B. Galloway, Densmore, Cal.; L. L. Jaccard, San Leandro, Cal.;; K. L.
lash. Ficard, Siskiyou County. Cal.; L. c. Mlnyard, , Napa, Cal.; David, M. Frame. Veieran«'
lome, Cal.; TheoSchwall, 12 Ottersonsireet, San Jose; E. B. Hore, Alamean, Cal.:
Such proofs mean a great deal to a sufferer undecided as to wher • to look for aid.
They mean that others have been cured. Why not you?. Get the book "Three Classes
of Men." ""It has hundreds of them and full information, j Call or address
, . &JA.ISJT2ISI7ST eiiEctric 'P.<P"»
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office) Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P.M.; Sundays, 10 ta 1.
OFFICES AT
LOS ANGELES, CAI* ' ( '■ ■'• • ''• ' ■ 'PORTLAND/ OR. "
. '-04 bouth Broadway. • ■ J ' 263 Washington street.
been this evening elected secretary) be
arose in the meeting and stated
with entire frankness that it was
due to him and to his colleagues
that he should define his position, which
he rroceeded to do by declaring for the
j most positive declaration in favor of the
1 gold standard and that he could not Mnre
! on the committee on resolutions with any
I other understanding or expectation.
The result was that the meeting voted
unanimously to sustain him in his con
tentions in the committee in favor of
gold.
Included in the gossip of the day is
' the statement, credited to well-iuformed
I parties, that Marcus A. Hanna has made
known his desire to manage tho campaign
during the coming Presidential con
test and that his desire in this
respect being shared by Major Mc-
Kinley, it is the intention to make
Mr. Hanna the chairman of the Republi
can National Committee. Coupled with
the faregoing is the further statement that
United States Senator Jacon H. Gallin^er
will be made chairman of the executive
committee of the Republican National
Committee. C. C. Carltox.
CHAIRMAN THURSTON.
A Man Who Worked His Way tc
Fame and Fortune.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June ltt.— Senator J.
M. Thurston, who will act as permanem
chairman of the convention, is a true type
ot American mauhood in its highest and
broadest sense. His birthplace was in
Montpeiier, Vt., but when he was but
7 years of age his parents removed to Wis
consin. Mr. Thurston's lather lost his
life in the war of the rebellion, thus leav
ing his young son, John Miller, the main
prop of the family.
The young man bravely set to work to
take care of his mother, but having n<;
trade or profession he did manual labor oi
farms or wherever he could find remunera
tive employment. Not being satisfied
with the compensation he was receiving
he went to Chicago an 1 engaged hirnsel.
to drive a grocer's delivery-wagon, savin p
every penny that was left, often remitting
enough of his earnings to help his mother
stem the currents of her financial needs
and her own frugal way of living.
Meanwhile he applied himself to his
books, so that after a very few years hi
was able to enter Wayland College at
Beaver Darn, Wisconsin. Subsequently.
in the fall of 1869, at the ace of a fey.
months pa3t 23, he was admitted to tin
bar, and immediately settled in Omahn,
Nebr.
From the very start his law practice
was remunerative. Soon after his arriv-.i
in Omaha he was drawn into politics, and
his party made haste to reward him by
electing him to every office from Alder
man to United States Senator, barring
State oflices, for which he had no taste.
However, he did serve his district in thi
State Legislature.
As a lawyer he attracted the attention o'
that prince of railway managers, Hon. S.
H. H. Clark, who made him assistant
attorney and later on general solicitor of
the Union Pacific system. In all the liti
tation of that great corporation Mr.
Thurston has been ihe legal pilot.
Senator Thurston is emphatically a man
of the people. He has no idea what it is
to be "stuck up." His warmest friends
will be found in the lower as well as the
higher walks of life. Being an omnivor
ous devourev of books, he has made h;m
selfoneol the most scholarly men of ttvh v
West ; dv: through it all he has failed to
accumulate a fortune. Senator Thurstou
i a poor man; naturally so, because he
always ran to ways to help those who
tried to help themselves and all his
money was required to aid them onward.
As an orator he has few equals in this
country. It will be remembered how Mr.
Thurston, as temporary chairman, elec
trified the National Republican Conven
tion in 1888. It was said that in logicu. l
argument and in oratorical presentation
his speech has never been surpassed by
an American statesman.
Jlauuiiian Items.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, June 9. — The
proposed income tax has been pronounced
constitutional by an opinion of the
Supreme Court. The refunding bill is ex
pected to pass its third reading in the
Senate this, in >rniug.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. V
SUMMER CLEARANCE SALE
UNPRECEDENTED REDUCTIONS!
-A-t 6Oc Per ~*5TdL.
4500 yards CHECKED, STRIPED AND FANCY SILKS, reduced from $1
and $1 25 per yard.
'.JSLt 7" So JE*&2?' /m *sT<3Lm
6000 yards NOVtLTY SILKS. Former price $1 25 to $2.
IOQO REMNANT©^
Of BLACK AND COLORED SILKS, 2 to 14 yard lengths, reduced to HALF
PRICE. • . , •;,••.
j9Lt QSo Per T*d.
6500 yards First Quality rIAUBATi WASH SILK. Reduced from 35c
. and 4OC.  % > t '. - •■■ •■ :. r '':j '•*'*!*;.■''-. r
SE lIABIjA XISFAKTOIj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
"VIXjILiES Z3E3 JR-A-ZES-IS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
[j MISCELLANEOUS. i
22 Geary St.; Near Kearny.
I r\ ■ | II /One Case .Mohair Fan-
l \nnninl \ cies - 45 inches wids.
I \\\r\ HI ■'< New Designs, •*-
I UUUUIuI / celient Quality Ha- i
E.I I A terial
M $I.oo. Yard
1 f% | I 40 Costume Lengths.
m V nAAIA V Etamine Faconne,
i MlrS ml / in Choice and Hie-
H UUUUIUI ) Kant Designs, Latest
El j f Fabric
/I i I ,♦■* MM *^ A L i * J
At $17.50 Suit
|j Usual Price $30.00
| Dealing; exclusively in Black Goods
I we are enabled to ' offer lower prices
§ than houses who make large losses on
colored fabrics.
Goods sent C. O. D.
Samples forwarded. |
R.T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
BIRTELWG
AZMNYSf
TS THE VERY Btsi' ONE TO EXAMINES
X your eyes and tit tbem to Spectacles and Kya- i
glasses with Instrument of his own invention, {
whose superiority has not been equaled. ■ Mj mo* •
cess has been due to the merit* of my wort
Omoa Hours— to 4 g. m,
" RAILROAD TRAVEL:
SffIFRMICISC»& SOETB Pl-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00* 11:00 a.m.: 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. M. ■ ■ -
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 p. M.
San Itafuel to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A. it.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 P. m. and 6:35 P. M.
SUNDAYS-? 9:3 ft, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40,3:4 a.
5:00, 6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parlc same
schedule as above.
■■■ Leaye I T nrWß^ i Arrive
San Francisco. ! A p™ 2. ! San Franclsca ■
WKKK | Sn.v- ue^fnationl Stlif " I Wkek
Days. [ days, Destination. j days. _ | Days.
7:30am»7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am I'etaluma, 6:05 pm ' 10:10 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm; Santa Rosa. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
■ ""^ i ~~ i I Fulton, I- - I
7:30 am ! Windsor, ,10:10 am
Healdsbur^,
JGeyservtlle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am I Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
■■ ■ ~~j ■ j Pleta, j
7:30 am Holland <fe 1 - 10:10 ax
3:3opm 7:3oam Ukiah. |, 7:3opm 6:lspm
7:30 am I •"• B lOilOam
7:30 am GuernevUle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm I . 1 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am , Sonoma '10:40 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:3oam|7:3oaM spbastonol |10:40 am|10:10 am
3:30 pmJ'S-.00 I'M he ° aB "' lx "- : 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm
Stages connect M Santa Kosa for, Mark West
Springs: at- Geyserville forSkaggs Springs: at '
( Mo ale for the Geysers; at I'ieta tor .Highland
Spring, K«'lBeyvllle, Soda Bay and l^akeport; at j
HopUnd for Lukeport and Bart! - Spring*; at
I'kuili for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue; !
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe, Homo, Potter i
Valley. John Day's, Kiverslrte, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanlit'dnn Heights, Hullvilie, Booneville, !
Greenwood, ,Orr'« Hot Springs. Mendocino. City. i
Fort Bra«K, Westport, Usal, Wiltets, Cahto, Co-
ve o, ' Layionvitle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. j
. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced j
rates. ■ . ■■ - , "■■■■■■■ - . |
• mi Sundays round-trio tickets to all points be- I
yond San Rafael at half rates. , . ;
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building. '.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. . . Gen. Pass. Agent.
IVORTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sauaalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, commencing June 15. 1896. |
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, -00 !
*9:16 10:15, 11:45, A. M.:»1:45,3:i0. 4:15, |
5:15. *o:0o. 0:35 P. M. .
Extra trips, for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes- j
a ays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. M. •
■- ■ . , * SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and - San Rafael— *B :oo, »9:00,
•10:00. 11:30 A. M. '- 3J. '1:30, *2:15, *4:00, I
5:30, 6:45, p.m. Extra trip to Sausalitoat
11:00 a. M.
Trains marked * run to San Qnentiu. »*12:?0 '■
P.M. does not rim to Mill Valley.' .
Til HOUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes ana way stations— B:oo a. m.
Saturdays : 5:15 p. M. weekdays :
For Point ■ •*>•••*, - Cazadero and way stations— I
8:00 a. 11. Sundays; 1:45 p. m. weekdays. I
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
DIG REDUCTION M RATES BY RAIL
■ ....T0.... - ■ , •
WEDNESDAY....  JUNE 17.
And :Kvery Fifth. I>;sv Thereafter.
. • .Leave from 8. P. Co.'S Ferry landing, foot
or Market st., at b p. v.
AT ft n— Including Berth in Pullman Tour-
Oi U U ist Sleeper.
....ALSO
First-class tickets,' Including berth In 010*03
1 Pullman Standard Sleeper. • ■ tinXU 1.
S D EC '. NOTICE-
.This train will not stop to deliver or take on •>■«.
6engers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets ■>>
sold or baggage, checke.l to such points.
jf^y* Through Tickets for I'uget Sound
points on Sale at Bedneed Kate*.
For further information a ;>!y at
613WAKKET STKUET (Grand Hotel
• ■ . .:-■•'. Ticket Office), San Francisco.
KICHAHD v. RAY, T. 11. GOODiI A X,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. (it'll. Pass. AgU
NUI'TUKKX l*l«:iriC COMPANIt.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.*
lr.iino l«*jiv<* in»(! ,■![•<' il:i<» to arrive i«(
■ah ruAsi'iNi o.
leave — Fi:om .Ti-n-e7. 1898 — ai.i:i\b
"•8:00a Niles, Sau Jose and Way Stations. . . S: S«"s.\
7:<>Oa Atlantic Express, Ogiien and I'laat.. S-«."»p
■ 7:00 a Ecnicia, Vacaville, Bnmfley. Sacr»-
meato, Orovillo and Redding via
Davis «.-13p
7:0« a Martinez, San Ramon, >*apa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:lSp
8:30 a Niles, San Jose, BtocMou, loae,
Sacramento, Marysville and lit it
Hlll(T 4: 1 1-
•8:30* TYtere and Milton *7:15p
•:<»o\ Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
liarbara and Los Augeles i:4!ir
9:0Oa Martinez and Stockton 1 1: i~:\
9:«Oa Vallejo 6:!3r
1:OOi> NilM, San Jose and Livermore 8: 8*1 a
■ «l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers..... .... *9:of)i>
i fl :3Op Port CosU and Way Stations t7:ir>p
•l:OOi- Martinez, San Uainon, Vallejo,
Napa, Oalistoga, £1 Verano fine
Sautaßosa 8:1.1 a
*:«©p Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland.
Kniglits Landing, MarysTille,
Oroville and Sacramento 1O:1Sa
4:38p Nile.'), Saa Jose, Liveimore and
Stockton 7:l»p
. 4:8«r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11:45 a
O«<M»i' New Orleans Ksprots,] rcaiu).l)«kers«
<Md. Santn. r.,irbma,].os Angeles^
i)eming. El Paso, New Orleans ana
East 10:15 a
si9op Santa Fa Route, Atlantic Express
■ for Mojave and Ea5t.............. 10:15 a
5 : 0 O VaUejo...... 1 1 : i '« ~> \
6:O»i* European Ma- 1, Ogden and Kaat.... 9?I.T*
«:«»!• Hayn-iirdß, Nilcs and Han J05e...... 7tls*
t7:<!«i- Vallejo t~:l3p
7:»0p Oregon JCxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, [tedding, Portland, Pugct
■ ■Sound and i:a.;l IO:I*a
SANTA (IMZ I>IVInIO.> (Narroir <J»uge>.
J7:4Sa Sauta Cruz Excursion, Santa Crua
andPrincipil Way Stations ...... }8:05p
8:1 »A Newark, < Vnteiville.Kan Jose.Fel ton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way :
Stations SiSOp
•8:15p Newark. Ce'.iterTflle, San Jose, New
Aliuadcn, Felton, Uoulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way-
Stations *ll:a»A.
§I:lsi* Newark. San Jogo and Los Gatog.~ «[!l:.'»O a
■ COAST DIVISION (Third & Toitbsciul Ms.) ~
•6:45 a San Joso and Way Stations (New
Alinaueu Wednesdays only) ' 9:4 7a
)7;30a. Sunday Excursion for San Jose*|
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations t»:33p
S:lsa San .lose, Tres J'inoH, Santa Cruz,
pacific Grove, Paso Robles, Sao
■ Luis Oliispo, Guadalnpe aud Prin-
cipal Way .Stations 7:0.!p
}9:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations fltSOp
IO:lo.-v San Jose and Way Stations *:OOp
II:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3::iOp
*B:3Wi*San Hateo, Menlo Park, San Jos% '
Gllroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cm,.,
S»linas,Monterey and PacilicGrnvo *IO:4Oa
*3::iop Snn Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
''Stations *l;30P
♦■i:BOi> San Jose mid Way Stations.... **:..Oa
5:30 - San Jose Principal Way Stations »«*a
o:3'»pSan Jose and Way Stations «::.."">-,
.-ll:4."»i' San JosiMind W»"S'-i"-mvi ' t7i-<."n.
SAX I^A.NIiKO AMI HAYWAKbS MM Al .
,»6:0Oa "I f 7:15 a
8:OOa I e9:l.~>a
■ SjoSt Melrose, Seminary Park. . J^3 A
"•ISop Fltchbnrs,SanLf«iidro »»J«»;
3:00p I --a . :Vm.
4:00p f ° ;• * Bt43i
3:30p |i. t -. r .<. ,7:I3 F
7:«0p I v «:i>r
9*oop • Runs through to Ni'es. I io-r-:>
rt»l:ispj tFromNileg. (. t«|->:')j :
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FiUSCISCO— Foot of Mtrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 5;«) I1:00a.m. U:flO *2:00 " 13:03
*i:00 ' |S:CO *5:00f.M. •
fromOAKIAHD — Foot of Bro»dwiy. "6:00 800
10:00 a.m. J12:00 ■' *1:00 (2:00 *3:00 ti:Z:
'3:00 p.m. ■ .
•-. A for Morning. . for Afternoon, v
' Sundays execpted. • ♦ Satunlaj-B only
• t Sundays only.
f f Monday. Thurstlay and Saturday nights only
- J ffx'n: Iry: Sun.-'.iy» for Kar.ta Omi.
Atlantic 'Wl^32^?*\.
rx ticlil Lie- '^^^|Si i^
' Pacific St^i^^jixi
Trains leave from and arrive fc^PJS^IT HJ/j
»i Mttrket-Strtet Ferry. %£?&££?™^-Y£i
SANTA FE EXPKbSo
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
tieavea every .day at 5 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars (at
Denver and St. Louis.
Tne I'ouuiiu- b.-i.iTA FE ROUTE KXCUR-
BIONS leave every WBDXKSDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
Bleepers, In charge of experienced agents, running
through to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room t. ..
Ticket Ottice— 644 Market St reef,.
Chronicle l'.ui 1.. in '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARXY AND WASHINGTON BTS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WAKI) a
European plan. iiooms 50c to *1 50 per day, .$ j
to #8 per week, $8 to $30 per montn: free tuittta;
hot and cold water every room; are grates lii
every room; elevator runs allnlsut.
1314
THE ACCREDITED DELEGATES TO THE REPUBLICAN CONVENTION.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 16.— The National !
Committee's plan to have the temporary
roll made up by them adopted as a whole
without contest before the Couiniittee on
Credentials is not likely to succeed. The
hearing before the Committee on Cre- I
dentials may make some changes in the j
roster of the convention. The list as pre- j
pared by the National Committee, as far )
as they have decided what it shall be, is j
as follows:
ALABAMA.
Delegates at Large— D. D. Shelby, C.
W. Buckley, John Jones, W. W. Pet%iford. j
Alternates— Robert Barker, M. W. Car- \
den, J. H. Goldsby, W. D. Minor.
District Delegates— P. D. Barker, A. N. j
Johnson. Nathan H. Alexander. Frank
Simmons, S. Booth, John Harmon,
Thomas. G. Dunn, William G. Stevens,
Hugh A. Carson, Douglas Smith, I. Green,
William Turner, C. D. Alexander, George j
Curtis, H. V. Casiin, W. W. Simmons, W. ,
C. Hamlin, A. D. Wimbs.
Alternates— E. Sanderson. S. S. i
Turner, William M. Ackley, John H. Wil- j
Bon, L. P. Smith, A. D. Evans, Green W.
Jeeter, Howell L. Goins, Henry D. Perry,
Peter J. Crenshaw, J. N. D. Brown, M. L.
Fowkes.
ARIZONA.
Delegates at Large - Henry J. Cleve
land, James M. Ford, Charles W. Wright,
Charles H. Akers, John. W. Dovington, i
Myron H. McCord. Contestants— William '
Christy, I. T. Stoddard, Burt Dunlap,
Ralph H. Cameron, J. L. Mahoney, J. A.
ZabrisKie.
Both delegations have been admitted,
each being allowed one-naif vote.
ARKANSAS.
Delegates at Large— Powell Clayton, j
Henry M. Cooper, 11. L. Remmel, M. W.
Gibbs.
Alternates— J. A. Freeman, S. F. Stahl,
Louis Altheimer. J. N. Donohoo.
District Delegates— Jacob Trieher. F. |
W. Tucker, W. H. H. Clayton, Fred ,
Havis, B. M. Foreman, J. B. Friedheim, j
John McClnre.
Alternates— Jacob Shaud. J. R. Rig- !
pans, A. M. Eisle. A. C. Hootrh, P. K. ;
Savage, D. W. Chandler. Frank Burris. i
CALIFORNIA.
Delegates at Large— George A. Knight, :
John D. Spreckels, Ulysses S. Grant Jr., |
Lionel A. Sheldon.
Alternates— A. Smith, J. M. Cleaves, !
D. E. Knight, George Stone.
District Delegates A. B. Lemraon,
Daniel T. Cole, J. H. NtMf , Grove L. John- j
yon, *G. M. Belshaw. W. B. Parker, Eli S. i
Denison, A. A. uockheimer, *Samuei M.
Shortrid-e, W. W. Montague, T. D. Rior
dan (proxy). Joseph S. Spear, H. I. Ko
walsky, O. A. Hale, William Cluff, Her
vey Lindley, Thomas J. Field, H. H. Sin
clair, F. H. Short.
Alternates— F. R. Horei, J. T. Laird,
E. C. Voorhees, Frank Ryan, W. R. Pond,
C. L. Levy, T. D. Riordan, R. McMurray, !
John L. Coster, A. S. Manprura. W. H.
Barnes, Thomas Flynn, W. H. McKutrick,
Frank Miller.
COLORADO.
Delegates- at- Large— Henry M. Teller,
Frank C. Goudy, John W. Rockfellow,
James M. Downing.
Alternates — Robert W. Bonynge, '
Charles F. Caswell, John Williams, D. J. |
Kelly.
District Delegates— A. M. Stevenson,
John P. Vivian, Charles H. Buckenstein,
C. Hard.
Alternates — Charles B. Timberlake,
James f'ov.ie, Charles Newman, J. J.
Elliott.
CONNECTICUT.
Dei.egates-at-Large — Morgan G. Bulke
ley, Samuel Fessenden, John P. Hutchin
son, Arthur H. Brewer.
Alternates— Linus B.Plympton, Howard
B. Scott, William F. Rockwell, Frederick
Farnsworth.
District Delegates — W. Cheney,
George Sykes, Rufus W. Blake, John M. i
Douglass, Charles E. Searles, Thomas H.
Allan, Hubert Williams, Edwin O. Keeler. j
Alternates— Charles M. Jarvis, W. W.
Prescott, James Graham, William A.
Bothwell, George H. Nichols, James Pen- i
dleton, Rufus Holme?, John A. Roesling.
DELAWARE.
m
Delegates at Large — J. Edward Ad- ]
dicks, D. F. Stewart, J. Frank Allen, A. B.
Connor, C. S. Lay ton, H. R. Burton.
Contestants — Anthony Higgins, John C.
, The action of th? National Committee has not
flnallv settlfd who will occupy the seats represent
ing the Third and Fourth California districts,
hence the list contains the names of California
delegates unseated by the National Committee,
who will be heard before the Committee on Cy;
(l"iui:ils named by the convention, as well as those j
who c conu-ts were allowed by the National Com
mittee. I
CLEVE LAND IS DEFIANT.
Intends to Issue Bonds Despite j
the Resolution of the
Senate.
Will Not Be Deterred by Congres
sional Action if a Treasury
Raid Is Begun.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 16.— A Herald {
special from Washington says: The effect '
on the financial world of the results of the |
political conventions is the phase of poli- j
tics which concerns administration offi- |
cials at present more than any other. Tne
adoption by the St. Louis convention of a |
sound-money platform will, the authori- j
lies believe, tend to allay the fear of a !
financial crisis, which has been threatened ,
by the increase of the sliver sentiment in
the West and South.
There ia considerable apprehension that
tbe good effect which may follow the j
action of the St. Louis convention will be |
more than offset by the probable outcome j
of the Chicago convention.
The President and Secretary Carlisle are
fully alive to the seriousness of the situa
tion. It is stated upon high authority that |
the President will lose no time in making I
known officially his intention to issue
more bonds for the maintenance of the
gold reserve as soon as there is any sign uf
a proposed vaid. It is also stated that the
President has no intention of calling an
extra session of Congress to avert a finan- I
cial crisis. If anything of the kind is (
threatened as a result of a declaration for j
free silver by the Chicago convention he ]
will take immediate steps to check it by j
issuing bonds.
The fact that the Senate passed a reso
lution prohibiting him from issuing any !
more bonds will in no way deter him from !
adopting such a course shouid the neces
sity demand. A call for an extra session
of "Congress, the officials believe, would j
tend to aggravate rather than improve
financial conditions.
Commuted by the President.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 16.— The 1
sentence of ten years in the Utah peniten
tiary imposed on Oscar E. Hill of Utah,
Jonvicted of making false entries in the
uooks of the National Bank of Commerce
Pitting, Hiram Reedy, George H. Hall, C. ]
P. Swayne, Paris Carlisle.
FLORIDA.
Delkg.vtks at Large— Joseph E. Lee,
.John U. Lonu r , E. F. Skinner, L. W.
Livingston.
Alternates— John R. Scott, M. M. Moon,
B. C. Tunison, A. Lincoln Pulaski.
District Delegates — M. S. White, J. N.
McCoombs, Dennis Egan, John E. Still
man.
Alternates— F. W. Reynolds, John F.
Hoar, Isaac L. Purcell, W. A. Willnmson.
GEORGIA.
Delegates at Large— A. E. Buck, John
son, H, A. Rucker, J. H. Devereaux.
Alternates— R. D. Locke, L. M. Pleas
sur, L. J. Davis, R. R. Wright.
District Delegates— M. J. Boyle, S. B.
Morse, B. F. Brumbeny, J. C. Styles, W.
P. Pierce, E. S. Richardson, W. H.
Johnson, D. V. Norwood, C. C. Wun
busch, L. J. Price, P, I. Wimberlv, I. W.
Wood, Charles Adam son, T. M. Dent. W.
A. Pledger. M. 15. Morton, A. J. Spence,
J. B. Gaston, J. W. Lyons, J. M. Barnes,
William Jones, S. M. Scarlett.
Alternates— F. R. Sims, P. J. Majors,
J. Mitchell, A. E. Lippett, Augustus Pate,
F. M. Harkiess, Samuel Lovejoy, J. H.
Grant, W. R. Gray, J. M. Smith, P. S. Ar
nold, Richard Carey, Eli H. Chandler, F.
H. Lyncn, H. Catlin, T. L. Kennedy, H.
to. Ellington, H. D. Ingersoll, W. A. Mc-
Cloud, H. E. Williams, J. M. Holzendorf,
Giles McClendon.
IDAHO.
Dklboatks at Large— Frederick T. Du
bois, Willie Sweet, Lyttleton Price, A. B.
Campbeli, Benjamin E. Rich, Alexander
Robertson.
ILLINOIS.
Delegates at Large— Robert W. Patter
son, William Perm Nixon, Joseph W.
Fifer, Richard J. Oelesby.
Alternates — Jasper Chavis, P. T. Chap
man, James W. Ellsworth, Charles M.
I'epjier.
District Delegates — Martin B. Mad
den, F. C. Roby, E. S. Conway, William
Lorinier, E. R. Brainerd, George E.
Schneider, Joseph E. Bidwell, Thomas
Shaughnessy, John M. Smyth, Philip
Knopf, Samnel B. Raymond, Graeme
Stewart, Charles Whitney, George P. En
gelhardt, H. D. Judson, P. L. Ellwood,
Smith D. Atkins, R. S. Farrand, Charles
H. Deere, L. H. Brockfield, Duncan Me-
Douirall, Thomas B. Henderson, H. K.
Wheeler, H. Snapp, W. H. Kratz. Charles
G. Eckert. Clarpnce E. Snivelev, J. C.
I'inkney, J. MacSholl, J. O. Anderson, A.
C. Matthews. Sergeant McKnight, Otis
Humphrey, Hugh Crea, 11. J. Hamlin, A.
MtKinney, A. H. Jones, H. A. Neal.
Thomas S. Ridireway, W. A. Radenberg,
J. D. (ierlach, F. A. Prickett, James E. {
Jobe.
Alternates — B. E. Happin, F. C. Prop
per, W. H. Bennett, Walter Page, William
Murphy, John King, F. H. Burkhardt, W.
H. Curran, James H. Burke, James
Painter, 8. E. Erickson. Charles E. Catlin,
Stephen A. Reynolds, William Gahagan,
T. B. Stewart. H. D. Crum, Charles EL
Fuller, F. M. Jenks, W. H. Edwards, F. G.
Ramser, F. R. Stewart, Edward Burton, J. ;
D. Benedict. Addison Goodell, N. M. Ben- !
efit, T. M. King, Geor-e Hutchins, F. A. j
High, J. H. Basterat, Washinston Brcck- j
man, E. M. Husted, Thomas Coulyt, N.
W. Branson, J. E. Hall, F. R. Millinor, j
W. W. Lewis, Aden Knopf, John Q. Hitch,
H. S. Plummer. Van R. Price, 11. L.
Rhodes, W. D. Carter, A. N. Starts, Rich
ard Taylor.
INDIANA.
DkxBGATES at Large— Richard W.
Thompson, Lew Wallace, Frank M. Mil- \
liken, Charles W. Fairbanks.
Alternates— Edward O. Hopkins.Hiram
Brownlee, G eorge L. Kncx, R. T. Mc-
Donald.
District Delegates— James H. McNeely,
James B. Gamble, Nat U. Hill. B. P. Polk,
H. C. Hobbs, John T. Stout, O. H. Mont
gomery, A. &. Nowlin, Taylor Regan,
Jesse W. Weik, Elmer E. Stoner. J. W.
Ross, Harry S. New, Joseph B. Keating,
W. T. Durbin, T. H. Johnson, D. A. CouN j
ter, C. N. Williams, G. S. Van Dusen,
Cloyd Laugh rey, A. L. Lawshe, Lewis
Signs, Frank S. Raby, Charles D. Law, A.
L. Brick, J. H. Heatwole.
Alternates— E. E. Lichwood, Otto Kobb,
M. 8. Htephenson, V. V. Williams, John
Zimmerman, J. L. Fisher, W. G. Norris,
Simon Baymer, David Btrouse, A. J. Ralph,
H. R. Lennard, T. C. Kennedy, William
Kolthe, W. F. Thompson, L. C. Daven
port, B. W. Quinn, James B. Johns, W. O.
Darnell, E. R. Brougham, Clark Cook, C.
W. Watkins, Luther McDowell. Charles
Sullivan, J. D. Farrell, Alonzo Craig, Ed
ward Newton.
IOWA.
Delegates at Large— John H. Gear, W.
of Ogden, of which he was cashier, has
been commuted by President Cleveland to
five years' imprisonment from November,
13U3. with allowances for good behavior.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Calif ornians Visiting the Capital—Pen
sions Issued.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 16.— 0. M.
Vanderweken of San Francisco is at the j
Raleigh. M. E. Phillips of San Francisco i
is at the Metropolitan. Mrs. M. J. John- 1
son of California is visiting friends in j
Washington. Dr. Ruggles of San Fran- j
cisr.o is at the Ebbitt.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued !
as follows: California: Original — Joseph :
A. Cunnhigharu, San Francisco; Harlan T. j
White, Deforest; Joseph H. Staples, Santa ,
Barbara. Increase — George A. Beardsley,
San Diego. Original widow, supplemental
— Mercie J. Norton, San Jose. Original — |
Ferdinand A. Wertta, Los Augeles; Nathan
Winters, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles.
Reissue— John Curtis, Oakland. Original
willow— Elizabeth Rogers, Oakland.
Oregon: Oricinal — James 0. Brench,
Gravel Ford. Reissue— Eli Webb, Salem.
Restoration — William Clemens, Dayton.
Increase— Charles F. Edmunds, Roseburg. |
Washington: Original— Lambert Weiss, j
Seattle; Joseph H. Turner, Nahcotta; j
Levi Buchanan, Cheney. Original— John
Scanlon, Vancouver. Additional— Bailey
B. Brownson, Tacoma.
PROBING THE HOND ISSUE.
The Senate Committee Begins the In
vestigation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 16.— The
investigation into the recent sales of bonds
by the Government was begun to-day by a
special committee of the Senate, of which
Senator Harris of Tennessee is chairman.
Secretary Carlisle appeared and answered
a number of questions propounded by
Senator Vest to explain "his communica
tion regarding the bond issues sent to the
Senate just before adjournment. There
plies were covered in the Secretary's letter
to the Senate. This afternoon Assistant
Secretary Curtis was examined as to the
part he took in the negotiations for the i
sale of the bonds.
The President Pardons Davis C. Burke.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 16.— The
President has granted a pardon to Davis
C. Burke, convicted in California of impair
ing gold coins of the United States and
conspiring to commit an offense against
the United States. He was sentenced in
June, 1895, to eighteen months' imprison- I
nient. !
THE SAN FRAN€ISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 189 G.
P. Hepburn, D. H. Henderson, James S.
Clarkson.
District Delegates— James C. Davis,
Charles M. Junkin, Seth L. Baker, George j
W. French, F.dward Knott, J. P. Merry. I
S. B. Ziegler, Edward Collins, G. R. Strn- !
ble, S. W. Rathbun, Calvin Manning, W.
H. Needl'am, A. B. Cummings, C. D. Bev
inston. L. Bank 3 Wilson, R. H. Spence, ;
John N. Baldwin, Silas Wilson, George C. j
Call, H. W. McComber, F. H. Helsell, E. j
E. Roach.
KANSAS.
Delegates at Large— Cyrus Leland Jr.,
Nathaniel Barnes. Thomas J. Anderson,
A. P. Riddle, C. A. Swenson, M. M. Mur
doch.
Alternate*— W. B. Townsend, Thomas
Anderson, K. 1.. Shafer, W. H. Nelson,
George Iluycke, T. M. Walker.
District Delegates— William C. Hook, j
i John Schilling, Grant Harnaday, \V. W.
j Brown, John Randolph, E. G. Dewey, I.
E. Lambert, J. S. Dean, T. D. Fitzpatrick,
George W. Hipginbotham, J. D. Purcell,
E. F. Robinson^ H. J. Bone, Fra«k Vin
cent.
Alternates— C. F. Isaacson, Oscar Fu
| gerburg, Samuel Fitzpatrick, John Sperry,
D. P. Blood, C. A. Say re, A. B. Kirn ball,
T. E. Raines, John C. Nicholson, F. L.
! Irish.
KENTUCKY.
Delegates at Large— L. P. Tarlton, W.
J. Debal, A. R. Burnam, S. E. Smith.
District Delegates— J. H. Happy, W. B.
Gandell. H. G. Overstreet, T. W. Gardner,
W. G. Hunter, J. L. Butler, J. B. Carlisle,
R. B. Burton, G. D. Todd, C. E. Sapp, W.
M. Shaw, C. N. Vallandingham, Leslie
Combs, George Denny, J. W. Gerkes, J.
W. Caperton, J. P. McCartney, Frank
Cowles, J. Prater, H. Wilson, J. G. White.
L. T. Meat.
LOUISIANA.
Delegates at Large— William Pitt Kel
logg, Albert H. Leonard, Henry Denias,
T. M. Vance.
Alternates— E. N. Pugh, T. J. Ken
nedy, A. Breda, C. C. Duson.
District Delegates— H. C. Warmoth,
W. L. Cohen, A. T. Wimberly, Richard
Sims, W. T. Behan, L. S. Clarke, T. A.
Cage, Mayer Cohn, W. Harper, B. F.
O'Neill, J. B. Donnelly, S. W. Green. T. B.
Brooks, W. W. Johnson.
Two delegates were admitted in one dis
| trict, each having a half vote.
MAINE.
Delegates at Large— Charles E. Little
! field, Amos L. Allen, Edwin C. Burieigh,
| Eldredge A. Thompson.
Alternates— John V. Sturgis, B. V.
\ Briggs, Charles A. Marston, George P. j
I Dunn.
District Delegates— George P. Wescott, j
I James T. Davidson, Hiram Ricker, Harold j
I M. Sewell, Forest Goodwin, Edward E. ,
! Chase, Stanley Plummer, William M.
Nash.
Alternates— C. E. Townsend, J. F. War
! ren, Waldo Pettingill, Joel Wilbur, George
j W. Hesselton, E. B. Rodick, Isaiah K.
Stetson, George R. Campbell.
MARYLAND.
Delegates at Large— George L. Welling
ton, James A. Gary, William T. Malster, |
Robert P. Graham.
Alternates— George W. Bryant, Wil
liam E. Fletcher, Herbert M. Sinclair,
Nicholas W. Ritten house.
District Delegates— Benjamin G. Stev
j enson, William D. Straughn, William J. j
1 Smith, C. Ross Mace, William F. Airy, !
Thomas Frank Tyler, Felix Agnus, Wil- j
liaru E. Tilghman, Sydney E. Mudd, Wash
ington G. Tuck, Robert S. Crawford,
Samuel T. Haffner, D. Goote Stevens.
Alternates — William J. Van Nort. John
P. Forrester, Milton Schaeffer, Edmund i
M. Hoffman, John C. Smith, John C. j
Freidel, Robert L. Stevens, Connor L.
Willis, Benjamin F. Hess, John I. Brooks, !
D. E. Dick, Charles B. Jones.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Delegates at Large — Henry Cabot
Lodge, William H. Draper, W. Murray
! Crane, Curtis Guild Jr.
Alternates— Roland H. Boutwell, Louis
I C. Southard, Richard F. Hawkins, S. E.
i Courtney.
District Delegates— Parley A. Russell,
; William Whiting, Eiisha Morgan, Walter
M. Wright, Martin V. B. Jefferson, A. E.
| Smith, George W. Weymouth, Charles H.
j Moulton, William M. Wood, H. Kirk
I White, George R. Jewett, Wollard J. Hale,
Amos F. Breed, James Pierce, Albert E.
Winship, John Hopewell Jr., Jesse M.
Gnve, George E. Hibbard, Charles L. Ham-
I mond, Augustus T. Sweat, Everett C. Ben- j
■ ton, John Richardson, Robert O. Harris,
j Frederick Stanley Hall, William St. But
j ler, Leontine Lincoln.
Alternates— George K. Davis, Franklin ,
E. Snow, R. W. Irwin, Thomas H. Good- i
RODNEY FISKE`S DEATH.
Passing of John Flood's Nephew, Who
Lost Over a Million in Wall
Street.
BOSTON, Mass., June I<>.— Rodney
Fiske, who was once a millionaire and
who lost his all in Wall street, died
yesterday in a lodging-house in South
Boston. Two or three years ago his bank
account was good for $1,200,000.
Young Fiske was a nephew of John
Flood. He graduated at the Sacramento i
(Cal.) High School. Later he went to
Denver, where he increased his fortune.
Last year he came East and tried his for
tunes in speculation. He leaves three
brothers in Southern California, one of
whom (James) is a candidate for Congress. '
MAYOR'S POWERS USURPED.
High-Hanaed Work of the President of
Louisville's Aldermen.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 16.— During
the absence in St. Louis yesterday
of Mayor Todd as a delegate
to the Republican National Conven
tion President Kine of the Board of
Aldermen forcibly took charge as Mayor
ana signed, among other papers, a con
tract for $19,000 with the Barber Asphalt
Company, to which Mayer Todd was op
posea.
He searched for other papers, of which
there are many, but they were locked in
the Mayor's desk.
King is an A. P. A., which faction dom
inates the General Council, the Boards of
Public Works and Safety, and as a result
of the three-sided warfare the affairs of
the city are at a standstill.
— »
LOUISIANA DEMOCRATS.
The State Convention Appoint* a Free
Silver Temporary Chairman.
BATON ROUGE, La., June 16.— The
Democratic State Convention was called
to order yesterday afternoon by Chair
man Knittschnitt of the State Central
Committee.
Judge S. T. Baird of Morehouse, a
strong free silver man, was appointed tem
porary chairman. He made a vigorous
spech of acceptance, favorable to tree sil
ver.
After appointing a committee on creden
tials the convention took a recess till 8
p. m.
The convention later adopted a strong
speed, Granby P. Bridges, James P. Cros- I
by, Henry Parsons, George J. Burns, E. j
F. Johnson, N. P. Frye, Charles O. Baiiey,
Charles D. Brown, George H. Dunham,
WalterS. Keene, Stanley Ruftin. lvlward j
S. Crockett, Arthur G. Wood. Peter Morri- j
son, George P. Lowell, Charles H. Utlev,
Burrill Porter Jr., Thomas E. Grover, A.
H. Wash burn, Walter P. Rich, Walter O.
Lv scorn b.
MICHIGAN.
Delegates at Large— Russell A. Alger,
Thomas J. O'Brien, John Duncan, Mark
S. Brewer.
District Delegates— David E. Megin- !
nity. Freeman B. Diekerson, James T. j
Hurst. E. P. Allen. Hamilton King, E. O.
Grosvenor, Franklin W. Wait, Richard.B.
Messer, William H. Anderson, Garrett J.
Diekema, William McPherson, George W.
Buckingham, William H. Aitken, John L.
Starkweather, O. L. Spaulding, Theron W.
Atwood, Charles H. Hackley, Edward G.
Maxwell, Temple Emery, I. FranK Eddy.
Edgar P. Babcock, Charles D. Crandall.
James H. McNaughton, Charles E. Miller.
MINNESOTA.
Delegates-at-Large— George Thompson,
Robert G. Evans, L. P. Hunt, Charles F.
Hendryx.
Alternates— A. H. Reed, Ira C. Rich
ardson, James Dinient, Burcer Thursten
son.
District Deiegates— A. D. Gray, L. S.
Swenson, Albert Lea, R. Edwards, W. H.
Rowe, L. F. Hubbard, T. M. Paine, Wil
liam R. Merriam, James H. Crandall,
Charles A. Pillsbury. Eli Torrence, Mon
roe Nichols, A. D. Davidson, Charles J.
Gunderson, Ezra G. Valentine.
Alternates — E. H. Bailey, Claus K.
Dahl, L. G. Beebe, D. A. McLarty, F. F.
Griebe, Samuel Bowler, Fred S. Bryant,
H. F. Barker, J. Frank Wheaton, Charles
S. Cairns, N. S. McDonald, Frank Wilson,
P. H. Couzens, G. S. Wattam.
MISSISSIPPI.
Delegates at Large— James Hill, John
S. Burton, Albert M. Lea, E. H. Lampton,
John li. Lynch.
District Delegates— W. F. Elgin, R. D.
Littlejohn, George M. Buchanan, William
Simmons, Louis Waldauer, William H.
Allen, C. Rosenbaum, E. E. Pettibone, A.
J. Hyde, R. A. Simmons, Joshua R.
Smith, J. J. Garrett, George C. Granbury,
James M. Matthews.
MISSOURI.
Delegates at LARGE-^Cliauncey I. Fil
ley, William Warner, Frederick G. Nied
rinehauß, John H. Bothwell.
District Delegates— Joseph Park, Ed
ward W. Robinson, James L. Minnis, John j
K. Swanger, M. M. Campbell, Jackson I
Walker, John C. Grerns, John L. Bittinger, i
Joseph H. Harris. Edward M. Taubman,
F. E. Kellogg, S. W. Jurden, Benjamin F. ;
Leonard, J. J. Smith, A. R. Jackson,
Prank B. Lander. Anton F. Mispage!, S.
T. Sharp, Louis J. W. Wall. C. F. Gallen- !
kamp, Frederick B. Browne!!, Lee A. j
Phillips, Nathan Frank, Chatles D. Com
fort, C. B. Parsons, G. Jesse Roote, M. V. !
Gideon, J. L. Davia, T. B. Haughawout,
George A. Purdy.
MONTANA.
Delegates at Large — Lee Mantle,
Thomas H. Carter, Charles S. Hartman,
Thomas C Marshall, Alex Metzel, J. W.
Strevelle.
Alternates— J. P. Dolman, Thomas B.
Miller, O. F. Goddard, Dr. J. M. Sligh, J.
B. Lossee. John B. Blair.
NEBRASKA.
Delegates at Large — John L. Webster, j
Thomas P. Kennard, Peter Jansen, George |
H. Tbnmmel.
Alternates— O. G. Smith, L. P. Judd,
C. B. Demster, A. C. Wright.
Distkkt Delegates— Llewellyn L. Lind
sey, H. N. Dovey, John M. Thurston, John
C. Cowin, John T. Bressler, John C. Mar
tin, Frank M. Wetherald, Charles B.
Anderson, J. P. A. Black, S. W. Christy,
Benjamin H. Goodell, Edward L. Myers. !
Alternates —S. P. Davidsjon, James !
Walsh, B. F. Munro. H. C. Baird, C. J. j
Garlow, Alex Graham, G. J. Railsbach, C.
H. Beaumont, J. S. Hoover, D. T. Daven- I
port, J. L. Taylor.
NEVADA.
Dalegates at Large— A. C. Cleveland,
Enoch Strother, J. B. Overton, C. H.
Sproule.
Alternates — S. A. D. Glasscock. W. S.
Bonnitield, C. H. Colburn, John Torre.
District Delegates— George P. Turrit,
tin, W. D. Phillips, H. Sproule, A. C.
Cleveland, Enoch Strother, John B. Over
ton.
Alternates —W. W. Williams, P. L.
Flanigan.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Delegates at Large— Stephen S. Jewett,
Frank S. Streeter, James A. Wood, Charles
T. Means.
free-silver plank and elected a solid silver
delegation of sixteen to Chicago.
NEWS FROM ALASKA.
ISig Real Estate. I .rriletnent Aroused at
Circle City.
PORT TOWXSEND, Warii., June I«.—
The steamer City of Topeka arrived from
Alaska yesterday, bringing news of an
intense real estate excitement at Circle
City, where some lots and blocks are oc
cupied by half a dozen rival claimants.
Every day witnesses several free fights,
and the latest advices were to the effect
that a vigilance committee was being or
ganized to take cnarge of" the new town
and enforce order.
Lots in Circle City are selling for from
$1 toil'2oo each, ana lumber is worth $100
per thousand.
The Topeka brought down a prisoner,
H. T. Jr\ Ray, former pay clerk on the
United States steamer Pinta. He recently
pleaded guilty to a charge of selling ship's
stores to Indians, and goes to Mare Island
under sentence of eiehteen months' im
prisonment and a fine of $1200 back pay
due him.
MONTEREY CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Fund Started in the Old Adobe City to
Prefer ee It. ' ■
MONTEREY, Cal., June 16.— HarrV A.
Greene, the ever-enterprising citizen of
Monterey, has again demonstrated his
love for the old city by starting a fund for
the preservation of the old custom-house
at Monterey.
' : A : dispatch from ; Washington some
time: ago stating that many old custom
houses were to be sold, and among them
the one at Monterey, caused no small
amount of comment in this section, as the
loss of this building means considerable
to the old adobe city. - - --
Mr. Greene is now raising a fund of $5000 J
with which he intends to restore and buy
the 5 custom-house and make it city prop
erty. Mr. Green: has headed the list with
$10, and Mrs. E. M. Greene" and Mrs.
Joseph Grismer have . both donated $10.
Every citizen of California is asked to do
nate some small amount. ■ ;•-■
Fire at Santa Fe.
SANTA FE, N. Mex., June 16.— St.
Vincent Sanitarium, in this city, con
ducted by Sisters of Charity, burned
yesterday, and the hospital annex was
practically destroyed. Loss $100,000, with
$SOOO insurance. Both institutions were
crowded with guests and patients.
Alternates— Stephen H. Gale, Oscar C. [
Hatch, Dexter Richards, George A. Clark.
District Delegates— Charles B. Gaffney,
William D. sawyer, John A. Spaulciing,
John H. Brown.
Alternates— A. C. Kennett. Joseph R.
Rowe, FranK P. Maynard, Thomas C.
Rand.
NEW JERSEY.
Delegates at Large— W. T. Setreil, G.
A. Hobart, John Kean Jr., Franklin Mur-
Phy.
Alternates— Clarence E. Breckenridee,
Barter Gummere, H. C. Loudenslage, j
Charles Reed.
District Delegates— Robert E. Hand,
Georpe Hires, Ferdinand \V. Roehling,
Albert M. Bradahaw, T. Frank Appleby,
John W. Herbert Jr., Stephen K. Large,
A. Blair Kelsey, William Barbour, Joseph
H. Quackenbush, John Franklin Fort.
Charles Bradley, Samuel D. Dickerson,
Thomas McEwan Jr., Frank Bergen,
William Riker.
Alternates— F. F. Patterson, Charles
Wilkins, Henry J. Trick, George Clinton,
Charles Place, Charles Reed, Bird W.
Spencer, William McKenzie, Frederick
Mock, Frank Parker, Joseph J. Giusto,
Thomßs Alderon, Charles W. Fuller,
Charles T. Fiake.
NEW YORK.
Delegates-at-Large— Thomas C. Platt,
Warner Miller, Chauncey M. Depew,
Edward Lauterbach.
District Delkgatek — W. L. Suydain,
H. C. Johnson, Theodore' B. Willis, George
H. Roberts Jr., Theodore L. Woodruff,
Walter B. Atterbury, Granville W. Har
man, Joseph R. Clark, Frederick W.
Wurster, Ernest J. Kaltenbach, Henry C.
Saffen, George W. Palmer, Cornelius Van
Cott, Hugh Mcßoberts, Lispenard Stew
art, L. L. Van Allen, Charles H. Murray,
J. J. Collins, Frederick S. Gibbs, John W.
Windolph, Jacob M. Patterson, George
Hilliard, Cornelius N. Bliss, 8. V. R.
Kruger, Howard Carroll, Thurlow Weed
Barnes. William Brookfield, Anson G.
McCook, Lemuel E. Quigg, Abraham
Gruber, C. H. T. Collis, Robert J. Wright,
William H. Robertson, John G. Peene,
Benjamin B. Odell Jr., Thomas W. Brad
ley, J. H. Ketcham, Samuel D. Coyken- I
dall, Frank S. Black, Louis F. Payne, Wil
liam Barnes Jr., William J. Walker, Ed
ward Ellis, J Leroy Jacobs, William W. j
Worden, W. L. Proctor, Thomas A. Sears,
A. B. Colvin, Dewitt Clinton Middleton, i
John T. Mott, F. G. Weaver, A. L. Story, i
Frank J. Enz, William A. Smyth, Francis |
Hendricks, Frank Hiscock. Sereno iC.
Payne, John Raines, Archie E. Baxter, J. j
F. Parkburst, A. D. Sanders, Irving M.
Thompson, George W. Aldridge, William
A. Sutherland. John R. Hazel, John Kraft,
Geoge E. Matthews, William C. Dudley,
M. V. V. Franchot.
In the Twelfth District the contesting j
delegation was also admitted, and both
delegates in that district have been given
half a vote each.
NORTH CAROLINA.
Delegates at Large— James L. Boyd,
Claude M. Bernard, George H. White,
Henry Denny.
District Delegates— E. C. Duncan, J. P.
Butler, H. L. Grant, John H. Hannon,
Abram R. Middleton, C. D. Waddell, E.
A. Johnson, William H. Martin, William \
T. O'Brien, James H. Holt, J. W. Mullen, j
Joseph B. Dudley, R. B. Russell, J. M. '
Smith, James H. Ramsey, C. G. Bailey,
Marshall L. Mott, J. B. Fortune, John G.
Grant, Charles J. Harris.
In the Sixth District the contesting
delegations have each one-half vote.
NORTH DAKOTA.
Delegates at Large— C. M. Johnson, O.
S. Halson, S. T. Satterwhaite, J. M. De
vine, J. H. Bingenheimer, Alexander
Hughes.
i OHIO.
Delegates at Large— A. S. Busbnell, J.
B. Foraker, M. A. Hanna.C. H. Grosvenor.
District Delegates — George B. Cox,
Thomas W. Graydon, John A. Caldwell,
Andrew Hickenlooper, Robert Wilson,
William E. Grume, George R.
Davis, James I. Allread, John M.
Sheets, Melvin B. Loose, William B.
Harrison, Edward J. West, George W.
Wilson, Howard E. Jones, George M. Eich
elberger, James C. Howe,GeorgeH. Ketch
am, John M. Longnecker, Albert C.
Thompson, John K. Richards, David Mead
Massie, Jeremiah L. Carpenter, Henry C.
Taylor, Charles L. Kurtz, Linn W. Hull,
George D. Copeland, Arthur L. Garford,
Jacob Cahn, J rimes R. Barr, David Miller,
Joseph J. Gill, David Cunningham, George
A. Hay, William H. Stout, Caleb E. Wick,
William L. Smith, Charles Dick, Frank E.
Hutching Andrew Squire, Robert M. Mc-
Dowell, Sylvester T. Evepett, Myron T.
Herrick.
OREGON.
Delegates at Large— Charles Hilton,
SPARRING AT STOCKTON.
Highly Successful Exhibition in a Crowded j
Gymnasium — Two Rattling Set-Tos,
But No Knockout.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 10.— The most j
successful sparring exhibition that has i
been given here in years took place last
night in the gymnasium of the Stockton
Athletic Association.
The big hall was filled, and some of the
most prominent men in town were
grouped about the 24-foot ring in the cen- :
ter of the gymnasium, among them the
Mayor and President of the City Council. |
The preliminary bout was lor points, i
etween Billy Scott, a colored lad, and j
Billy MoMann. The last-named had the !
better of the contest, which lasted for four j
rounds. • i
The second event of the evening, and ;
one of the most interesting, was a six- j
round go between Danny Mahoney and I
Joe Sullivan of San Francisco. Jack Hop- |
kins of the Phoenix Athletic Club was be- |
hind Sullivan, and Tom Dresler seconded
Mahoney.
Mr. McCreedy of San Francisco refereed i
the match. Mahoney proved himself to I
be too clever for his stockier opponent, but
his blows lacked steam, and in the first
round Sullivan brought him to his knees
with a blow on the neck.
During the rest of the bout Maboney
had the best of it, though Sullivan showed
that he had enough strength to offset Ma
honey's cleverness. The pace cut out by
both was v hot one, and a knockout was
looked for by the spectators at any time.
The men went at each other as though
they meant business, and Mahoney often
landed right and left, while Sullivan,
though the aggressor, was not quick
enough for the quick ducks of his slighter
opponent. The last round ended in Ma
honey's favor, but the referee decided the
contest a draw.
The event of the evening was a ten-round i
contest between Lawlor and Lewis, two |
125-pound men of San Francisco. The
last-named is a colored lad, and he showed
that he is possessed of great staying
powers.
Lawlor- was the aggressor from start to
finish, and toe pace set was such a light
ning one that both men were ready to quit
when the ten rounds were over.
Lawlor often landed on bis opponent
end with great force, but the colored boy
showed that he was a glutton for punish
ment, and was the fresher of the two at
the end of the last round.
Lawlor showed that he had a wicked
ripht, but Lewis seemed to know this and i
Robert A. Booth, John W. Meldrum,
Charles H. Dodd.
Alternates— J. M. Vanduyn, George A.
Steel, Max Pracht, M. C. HarrUon.
District Delegates— J. F. Calbreth, R. j
S. Moore, Wallace McCamant, Charles W. ;
Parrish.
Alternates— Jonathan Bourne Jr., Fred ■
W. Hendley .
PENNSYLVANIA.
Delegates at Large— D. H. Hastings, i
James Elverson, Francis J. Torrance, T.
L. Flood, James S. Beacom, Joseph Bosler,
W. W. Griesh, F. H. Barker.
Alternates— Charles A. Miner, Boies j
Penrose, A rthur Kenned y. B. J. McCarrell,
FranK E. Holiar, Charles Miller, James B.
Raymond, Charles M. Plank.
District Delegates— Edward S. Stewart, j
Israel W. Durham, Jacob Wildemore,
Joseph H. Klemmer. James B. Anderson,
Elwood Bet-ker, Henry Clay, Edward
W. Patton, Alexander Crow Jr., David
Martin, Horatio B. Hackett, Smedley Dar
lington, Thomas J. Clayton, Hugh B.
Eastburn, James B. Holland, Frank
Reeder. J. M. Driesbach, A. M. High, E.
M. Young, J. Gust Zook, H. Burd Cassell,
William Connell, John J. Williams, John
Leisenrinc, Morgan R. Morgans, J. F. Fin
ney, J. C. McConnell, Lucien E. Wiemer,
William M. Smith. E. B. Hardensburg, C.
Frederick Wright, Henry J. Landrus, John
B. Myers, William E. Faust, U. Y. James,
John A. Seiders, Jere B. Rex, Charles H.
Mullin. S. L. Johns, George R. Scull,
George T. Bell, John P. Elkin, H. S.
Denny, Chrisopher L. Ma*ee, William
Flynn, William A. Stone, Robert McAfee,
Charles H. Seaton, Ernest F. Actieson,
Matthew Stanley Quay. Simon Perkins,
Louis Streuber. William H. Andrews, A.
C. Hawkins, C, S. Lewis, J. H. McEwen,
H. R. Wilson.
In the Third District two delegations are
admitted with one-half vote each.
Alternates — Penrose A. McClain, H. H.
Bingham, Frank M. Kittes, Jacob Widde
more. William L. Smith, David S. Scott,
A. S. L. Shields, A. Lincoln Acre, Thomas
T. Powers, Harlan Page, Thomas C. Speak
man, Wesley S. McDonald. T. R. Halder
man, Henry G. Mayer, Thomas C. Wal
ton, Chester A. Pellet, Lewellyn Williams,
H. S. Bard, J. Francis Dunlap, David
Wood, Conrad Schroder, James J. Wil
liams, Charles S. Wilde, Lewis Landmes
sen, S. B. Edward, John L. Mathias, Al
fred R. Houck, S. S. Willard, Frank G.
Sairs, Morris Sheppard, G. S. Hortou,
Milton J. Potter, Fred P. Vincent, Wil
liam Buck, Howard O. Lantz, A. M. Our
end, Harvey Bechtal, George D. Thorn,
James McMellin, S. E. Wilson, Joseph
Beale, J. O. Brown, F. J. Edwards, Robert
McCready, James Essler, Samuel H. Mil
ler, William D. Wallace, E. A. Hempstead,
W. W. Morgaridge, T. B. Simpson, W. C.
Howard, A. H. Woodward, S. S. Criss
man.
RHODE ISLAND.
Delegates at Large— Edward L. Free
man, Frank F. Olney, Samuel W. K.
Allen, Albert L. Chester.
Alternates— Andrew J. Currier, Lucien
Sharpe Jr., Col. Walter S. Steams, Charles
H. Child.
District Delegates— John C. Sanborn,
George L. Smith, Walter A. Read, E.
Ciiarles Francis.
Alternates— Reginald Norman, Charles
H. Church, James Linton, Charles A.
Johnson.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Delegates at Large— Eugene A. Web
ster, Robert Smalls, T. B. Johnson, W. D.
Crum.
District Delegates— George J. Cunning
ham, R. C. Brown, B. P. Chatfield. W. S.
Dixon, Robert Moorman, R. R. Tolbert,
C. M. Wilder, Thomas H. Ollis, C. J.
Pride, W. E. Boykin, J. E. Wilson, E. H.
Dees, J. S. Levy, J. H. Ford ham, Z. E.
Walker.
Alternates — T. J. Reynolds, D. W. Rob- j
inson, P. Simkins, John A. Daniels, A. C. |
Merrick, W. W. Fisher, J. C. Hill, W.B. j
Chapell, F. R. Massey, E. D. Littlejohn, j
E. T. Sawyer, W. R. Jackson, Z. E.
Walker.
SOUTH DAKOTA.
Delegates at Large— L. B. French,
Richard F. Pettigrew, Carl G. Sherwood,
David A. Mizener, David Williams, H. T.
Meacbam, William V. Lucas, Walter E.
Smead.
TENNESSEE.
Delegates at Large— J. Sanford, H. Clay
Evans. H. Jeffreys, Ernest Caldwell.
Distbict Delegates — Walter P. Brown
low, Henry E. Jarvis, Jesse L. Rogers,
James F. Baker, Foster V. Brown, Thomas
M. Burkett, William P. Piokering, J. M.
Proctor, John W. Overall, R. C. Couch,
J. B. Bosley, H. L. W. Cheatham, Robert
A. Haggard. H. F. Farris Sr., William
Spellings, G. T. Shannon, David A. Nuon,
preferred some of the left-hand jabs to a
right on the jaw, getting well away from
Lawlor's right swings. . . ••
Like the other the contest was declared
a draw, but many who saw the fight were
firm in their belief that the decision should
have been given to Lawlor.
• ■
A CELESTIAL VENDETTA.
Satn Yups and See Yupa Fighting in the
Garden dtp.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June IB.— The hostili
ties growing out of the boycott of the
members of the Sam Yup Society by the
Bee Yups in San Francisco have broken
out in the Chinatowns of this city, and
the waylaying and beating of Chinese who
patronize Sam Yup members by See Yup
members are of irequent occurrence. A
letter has been received at the police
office from the Chinese Consul at San
Francisco complaining of the actions of
the See Yups. He says that organized
bands of the latter follow the Sam Yup
merchants and their patrons when they
emerge from their stores and beat and rob
them, and that the See Yups are proving
a menace to both life and property, and
requests that a stop be put to the law
lessness.
♦>
WILL BE GODDESS OF LIBERTY.
Mies Maio Will Reign Over Baken/itld's
Fourth of July Fete.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 16.-The
balloting for Goddess of Liberty for the
celebration of the Fourth of July closed to
night amid great enthusiasm." The con
test has been going on for a month the
leading contestants being Miss Fannie
Maio and Miss Edna Coons.
The balloting aroused a great deal of
friendly rivalry and the result was fur
more successful than any one had ex
pected. The primary object was to raise
funda for the celebration, and the object
was entirely fulfilled. Votes were 5 cents
each, or twenty-five for $1, and the total
amount secured was about |2500, some
60,000 votes being cast.
The successful contestant was Miss Fan
nie Maio, with 32,319 votes. The next
highest was Miss Coons, with 23,321. One
ballot-was cast to-day of 15,000 votes for
Miss Maio, costing $600 to deposit. This
of course settled the contest beyond dis
pute.
♦
Robbery in Salem.
SALEM, Or., June 16.— The Salem Mo
tor Company's office was entered by burg
lars between midnight and 5 o'clock this
morning. They blew open the safe with
dynamite and secured ?300, which was
partly the receipts from the enormous
Henry E. Austin, William M. Randolph
Zachary Taylor.
TEXAS.
The contesting delegations it large wer«
both excluded by the Nation* Committee
and the convention will decide.
District Delegates— David Taylor, M.
W. Lawson, H. B. Kane, T. f. Pollard,
J. H. Brinkley, Webster Flanagan, J. W.
Butler, C. M. Ferguson, H. G. Cfcree, Cecil
A. Lyon, William Johnson, J. If. McCor
mick, Robert Armstrong, Georg? W. Mc-
Cormick, W.F.Crawford, B.F.Wallace,
Marion Mullins, W. J. Wassoa, Hugh
Haftcock, Paul Fricke, R. B. Hawley,
M. M. Rogers. James O. Luby, George R.
Townsend, C. W. Ogden, Joseph tweedy,
Patrick Dooling, O. T. Bacon.
UTAH.
Delegates at Large— Arthur Brown,
Frank J. Cannon, Ciarence E. Allen,
Thomas Kearns, Isaac Trumbo, \t. 8.
McCornick.
VERMONT.
Delegate? at Large — Redfield Proctor,
Henry D. Holton, Edward C. Smith,
Charles A. Prouty.
Alternates at Large — Philip K. Gleen,
J. M. Pollard, I). Hubbard, M. H. Allet.
District Delegates— James B. Scully,
O. M. Barber, James W. Brook, Victor I.
Spear.
Alternates— S. C. Learson, L. M. Bing
ham, E. A. Lemand.
VIRGINIA.
Delegates at Large— William Lamb.
James A. Walker, Samuel M. Yost, A. W.
Harris.
Alternates at Large -W. M. Flanagan,
J. A. Simmons, J. B. Gardner, M. N.
Lewis.
District Delegates — G. T. Scarburg, T.
C. Walker, George E. Bowden, R. M.
Smith, Alva H. Martin, Harry Libbey,
Edmund Waddill Jr., C. W. Harris, John
Mitchell Jr., J. L. Stratton, Stith Boiling,
James D. Brady, C. T. Barksdale, G. M.
Tucker, John M. McLaughlin, S. Everett
Sproul, John Acker, John Henry Rivers,
W. B. G. Schmate, H. Y. Wale, J. S.
Browning, D. F. Bailey, J. C. Scheffer, R.
T. Hubbard.
Two delegations are admitted in the Sec
ond District, each having haif a vote.
Alternates— J. M. Griffin, W. T. Lewis,
John T. Brady, William Thorougbgood,
Robert Norton, Jordan Thompson, Edgar
Allan, R. F. Robinson, W\~ H. Green,
Charles Gee, W. B. Brown, W. D. Pedigo,
Adolpbus Humbles, F. K. Morris, Alex
ander McCormiok, R. E. Griffith, W. H. A.
Youngs, R. L. Mitchell, W. P. Kent, R.
VV. Dickinson, Willis Carter, A. Stewart.
WASHINGTON.
Delegates at Large— H. A. Fairchild,
A. F. Burleigh, L. W. Garner, George H.
Emerson, Henry L. Wilson, P. C. Sulli
van, James M. Gilbert.
Alternates — W. K. Kennedy, Henry
Christ, Thomas M. May, F. R. Speck, E.
L. Brown, F. M. Winship, R. H. McLean,
M. P. Mallory.
WEST VIRGINIA.
Delegates at Large— J. E. Dana, A. B.
White, F. M. Reynolds, O. W. Hardman.
Alternates— J. H. Duval, F. M. Thomas,
John L. Hurat, George Poffenbarger.
District Delegats — Henry Schmulbacb,
Daniel W. Boughner, W. Newton Linen,
Thomas B. Gould, Thomas E. Houston,
J. B. Crawford, Thomas Sikes, C. F. Rath
bone.
WISCONSIN*.
Delegates at Large— PHletus Sawyer,
W. D. Hoard, Eugene S. Elliott, James H.
Stout.
Alternates— H. D. Smith, W. F. Heine,
James R. Lyons, W. E. Plummer.
District Delegates— Cham Ingersoll. L.
M. Johnson, Robert M. LaFollette, Chris
topher F. Mohr, J. Wi Rewey, Richard
Meyer Jr., William Geuder, Julius E.
Roehr, Theodore Zillmer, H. M. Youmans,
George Fitch, G. G. Sedgwick, David F.
Jones, H. P. Cole, Maynard T. Parker, A.
H. Nelson, M. C. Ring, Henry W. Wright,
O. K. Anderson, Charles S. Taylor.
Alternates — N. B. Treat, Samuel P.
Stein, S. M. Eaton, C. T. Rollis, August
Seifert, L. H. Bancroft, E. Lindsay, Wil
liam Graf, D. E. McGinley, George Spratt,
L. N. Stevens, J. H. McNeal, W. H. Hunt
ington, Albert Kerchmer, R. D. Road,
Charles H. Baak, Duncan McLennon,
Ealin Ogden, Simon Thoroson, Olaf A.
Sagslad.
WYOMING.
Delegates at Large— Benjamin F. Fow
ler, Clarence C. Hamlin, B. B. Brooks,
John C. Davis, Otto Gramm, Willis Van
Devanter.
Alternates at Laroe— H. C. Nickerson,
M. C. Barrow, W. H. Kilpatrick, W. F.
Brittain, W. J. Thorn, J. H. Pyknian.
j crowds that locked into the Capital City
j on the conductor's excursion.
■ ♦
BIG FIRE AT HOPE.
Many Building* on the JUain Street C»n»
sinned— Lot* SIOO.OOO.
HOPE, Idaho, June 10.— A tire broke out
I here last evening, originating in the North
{ Pacific steam laundry, owned by the din
ing-car department.
The town is built on the mountain side,
and in a few moments the flames spread
j to Main street and Railroad avenue. Al
! though men, women and children turned
out and fought the fire, but few buildings
i west and north of the laundry were saved
J in the block. ■
One hundred thousand dollars will not
! cover the los«. Giant powder was used to
i good advantage in blowing up several
i small buildings, thus stopping the ravages
< of the names. . *.'...■ ;.">- ; y-.:' U'Us
i =
NEW TO-DAY. _■_ . _ -^
L Cheapest, Because the Best J
I GAILBORDEN \
I EAGLE BRAND |
£ I CONDENSED MILK 5
"A Send for that little book, ."Infant A
m Health;" great value to mothers. Sent •
"V 1 Ce ' N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. «
; hll Hudson Street, Hew York L
nil PC ITCHING PILES
rlLts* WAYI|E> *
ABBOLUTBLT CURBS. *"■■ ■ "Ifcil I
''■ HTMPTOMS-MoUtnre; lntenne It chine »ad
'■ ■ tlpclnc: B«t at Bight; wont by He-ate If .
allowed to Mitliu tumor* form and protrade,
which ofU"» bleed and alcerate, becoming t«tj
•ore. KW VYNE'S OINTMKNT Jtop. the Itching
and bleadlact heal* aleeratloa, and la aNtMiM
j rem«T ea the t uun. , Aik jr»ot Drut gin tor U.
( i^|^A>.a Big 6 is a non-poi«onom
<t < jdSK^^%w9 remedy for Gonorrhoea,
4s&gßr< CVHES^l^m Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
£&(g3r ln l tosd«yi.^H Whites, unnatural dig-
JHiv Onusaucd V charges, or any infl&nima-
JroUV not to strlotare. tion. irritation or ulcera-
t* ■^Preieau eoaugloa. tion of mucouf mem-
fTalTHEEvANSOHeimnuOo. 1 " 0 "- Non-astringent.
V^ciNCimn.o WM Sold by *>*■****»**
vA c. s a or Bent in plain "ppf.
/ra,,: ' >®| by express, prepaid, for
'/^■^^m^^Ks»w| 11.00. or 3 bottles, &.Ti.
■ Circular sent or. > .matt.BY THE LINCOLN
REPUBLICAN CLUB
Second Ward Democratic
Stronghold Ruthlessly-
Invaded.
NATIVE SON MARTIN.
The Old Ninth Senatorial Erased
From the Democratic
Escutcheon.
THE FORTIETH DISTRICT.
Young Men With Progressive Minds
Are in Favor of Pro
tection. *
Tie North Beach '49-er years ago could
sit in the piazza of the ancient cottage at
North Beach and from tl^e tops of his
linger ends count the number of Demo-
cratic votes cast in every ward in San
Francisco, and also smile at the moral and
political absurdity of a Republican at- j
tempting to seek office in a strange land I
iar away from his kindred.
But lo! what a change has come over the
City of Yerba Buena in the dayß of the
50' s and the progressive years of the 80's
and the i)(Ts in the political history of San
Fraiicisco, with its 300,000 intelli?ent, self- !
thinking citizens, who have not only i
leveled the sandhills and built a seawail j
around the City front to keep out the tide j
and the gudgeons, but made the district
tenantable for a "black" Republican to
iive in safety and yet on the best and most
friendly terms with his Democratic j
neighbor.
The days of fight-and-carry-off-to-the ]
rnorgue-your-political-opponent are past,
thanks to a liberal public-school system of
education, forever. Now the most hostile
of opposing elements simply "josh" each
other on the questions of the day, and in
variably wind up hostilities in a neighbor
ing resort, where all animosity is drowned
or concealad in the foam of the irrepress
ible "schooner."
Those and a great many other changes '
have taken place on the north side of the
City since the clams used to walk up to
Lombard street at its intersection with
Stockton.
But with the many geographical changes
■which this City has undergone during the
half century of its civilized existence the
one which has done most to change its
political complexion are the Native Sons.
Those young men imbued with the Bplen
dor of their surroundings and the future
before them and their beloved City saw,
as all wise men before them, that the en
tire old Democratic truck was rusty and
squeaky and as far behind the age as the
rickety buss that carried their parents out
to the "Willows," at the speed rate of a
miln in twenty minutes, as compared
with tne modern cable or electric car th:it
now transports the people with, comfort
and speed. And as the old nrotu-eaten
Democracy was, so it is and so it ever will
remain, encouraging foreign competition
against the native born American citizen.
This then is one of tbe many reasons
why the young San Franciscan has po
litely and good-naturedly said to his
parent:
"Father, I have a very high regard for
you and all that you hold near and dear
to you, even to your good wife, and I
would follow your advice in almost every
thing, because I know how you love me
and what care you bestowed on me when
I was a wee tot; bat for the sake of Moses
do not ask me to follow your politics on
the old thread-bare line of State rights
and free trade, with free starvation look
ing me in tbe face.
"I want to be and I wiil be a Republi
can, even should you and aayself get a
divorce."
This is just about the condition that sur
rounded the homes over in the Second
Waid when Henry S. Martin, the baby
pet and grand treasurer of the Native
Hons, was a small, fat and attractive baby;
and as it was with him so it was also with
other young men born and raised in the
valley between Russian and Telegraph
hills, so that when they arrived at man's
estate they combined together and formed
Republican duos.
The Lincoln Club is now in blooming
condition and will make such a showing
in the 1896 campaign as will forever close
all pretensions on the part o* the few
Democrats in the Second Ward and force
them to forbear digging up past reminis
censes about what "has been" and what
should be.
In 1888 Dave Jackson (now dead), with
the assistance ot the yourg native boys in
♦he Second AVard, organized the "Morrow
Guard." This club had its headquarters
on the corner of Powell and Union streets,
known to all the old North Beachers as j
"Siebe's Corner." The club did excellent]
I campaign work and rewarded its founder
! with a supervisorship for his faithfulness
to them and their interest.
After the death of Supervisor Jackson
the club about held its own and remained
as a barrier against Democratic incursion
into the oid Ninth Senatorial District until
two years ago, when Henry S. Martin took
hold and had it rebaptized "The Lin
coln." Since theu the club has put forth
ts power and will in the coming cam
paign play second fiddle to none in the
City.
To say that President Henry S. Martin
is beloved by the boys of the beach would
simply be a figurative expression of speech.
He is the soul of the Native Sons and tne
great, big-hearted, genial companion of the
oldest of the old pioneer-*. To know Henry
S. Martin is to like him in the truest sense
of the term, and with those remarkable
qualities of birth and cultivation the rank
and lile of the Lincoln Club will do what
ever their president wants, and all he
WHius just now is to elect every Republi
can nominee from the President down to
the last School Director on the municipal
ticket. Possessed as he is with sufficient
of the world's poods his purtse is as big as
his heart and he wants nothing in the
shape of office for the salary attached, but
if the boys wish to honor him in some
other way he is iust as willing to serve
them in the capacity of a Supervisor us he
is as their president.
The president, however, is not the only
man in the Second Ward, or, more prop
eriy speaking, the Forty-fourth Assembly
District, who holds Republicanism dear to
his heart. Every one of the 300 members
of the Lincoln Club is just as enthusiastic
over the success, of the party as is the
president.
The young men who so abiy assist Presi
dent Martin in governing the club are:
Charles Heinz, first vice-president ; Adolpb
Wolff, second vice-president; E. G. Ken
dalJ, recording secretary; Tnoruas Muliin,
financial secretary; H. L. Rea, treasarer;
ii. W. Faher, sergeant-at-arms. These,
with Alexander Campbell Jr., Emiel El
lich, John Gleason and George Hawser,
form the executive committee.
Maurice Bushway, William Corcoran,
Henry Osthimer, Andrew Donegri and
Joseph Barbetti compose the investigating
committee, while the treasurer's box is
kept represented by the industry of
Charles Cooper, J. Miesuer and James
Wiesman.
The drill corps, which comprises 100 of
the handsomest young men in the dis
trict, v.iil make its appearance in the
big ratification parade some night tl'is
week.
All put together, the Forty- fourth Dis
trict may be counted as solid for the Re
publican party of 1816.
MARSHAL CANROBERT`S HAIR.
It Was the Banner Which Led Hi- Sol- |
riiers to Victory.
It was a singular fact that the late Mar
shal Canrobert, the last of the French
marshals, offered in himself a constant
example of the violations of the regula
tions of the army in which he was so con
spicuous an officer, says Tit-Bits.
Throughout almost the whole of his mili
tary service Canrobert wore long hair
Howing down his shoulders, and his hair
was a sort of oriflamme to the soldiers.
But ever since the year 1833 the French
army regulations have positively required
that every officer and soldier shui! wear
closely cut hair, "without any tufts, curls
or ringlets whatsoever," and severe penal
ties arc provided for persistence in letting
the hair grow lone.
Canrobert had a profuse mass of hair,
which he was very proud of. It was
cropped, to his great grief, when he went
into tbe military school of St. Cyr in 1826,
but when, as a young officer, he went into
the Algerian war in 1835 he profited by the
relaxation of many regulations to let his
hair grow down his shoulders again.
Several years later, also in Algeria,
Colonel Canrobert, bareheaded, ied a
heroic charge at Zaatcha, and his long,
floating hair in the thick of the combat i
served as a rallying sign to the zouaves as
they swarmed through the breach.
After this war Oonrobert's head of hair
had already become so famous that no
Biipenor ventured to command him to cut
It off, though General Pelissier, who hated
him. once called him "professor" in a cafe
in Paris, and, by way of excuse, affected to
have mistaken him for a doctor of philoso
pny on account of his hair.
The Emperor Napoleon 111 did once
venture to remonstrate with Canrobert for
wearing long hair. The marshal's re
sponse was very "Frenchy."
•'Sire," he said, "my hair belongs to his
tory!"
He did not cut it off. It floated all
through the French and German war, be
coming legendary among the soldiers.
Long since it became snow white and fell
upon the old marshal's shoulders in his
declining days, and it clustered about
them as his body lateiy lay in state in
Paris.
Worked the Other Way.
"Madam," he said, in a gentle, soothing
voice, which only the man who has some
thing to sell can successfully assume, "I
have here an article of soap which "
"Don't want any soap," she replied
flatly.
"But your younger brother there must
get a great many grease spots on his
clothes. Now, if you would provide some
of this soap "
"When you allude to my younger
brotier I suppose you mean that boy who
is standing over the fence?"
"Certainly."
"Well, he isn't my younger brother.
He's my son. and what s more, he's the
youngest of four, and what's more than
that, I read the papers, and if you think
you can flatter me by pretending that I
look youthful you're wrong. I don'i need
any soap and my time's precious."—De
troit Free Presa.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896.
KOSCIALOWSKI ON
MEXICAN LAW
He Cites Statutes of the
Time Before the
Bear Flag.
ALL THE TESTIMONY IN
Both Sides Are Now Relying
Upon Questions of
Law.
AN IMPORTANT JUDGMENT ROLL
Ineffectual Struggle to Keep Out
Evidence of a Former
Adjudication.
Argument on the Noe case has com
menced. Attorney KoscialowsKi has en
tered upon a lengthy exposition of Mexican
law previous to the raising of tbe Bear
Jiag in California, and half a score of other
attorneys sat all yesterday afternoon be
hind fortifications of ponderous-looking
lawbooks and only waited a shadow of an
opportunity to shatter the plaintiffs with
a-il kinds of law from the time of Moses to
the session of the last Legislature.
When the case was called yesterday
morning Koscialowski stated that he had
reconsidered his desire to introduce further
testimony, and he was ready to rest his
case as far as the facts were concerned.
His main energies, he intimated, would be
directed to enlightening the court on mat
ters of law.
Judge Sanderson, who has been natur
ally embarassed by the confusing array of
Mexican verbiage which has marked the
testimony, requested Koscialowski to
state just what he considered he had
proved and also what he hoped to show
was the law applicable.
In answer to the latter proposition the
attorney appealed to said that mar
riage, under the laws of Mexico, was a co
partnership arrangement, and what was
given to a husband, even though it was
expressly given to him alone and without
consideration, was community property.
In regard to the facts he said they had
shown the title in Noe, whicU was subse
quently confirmed by a United States
patent, and they alleged that the plain
tiffs were entitled to a one-half interest in
that property as a result of this title.
"Your proof," said Judge Sanderson,
"goes to show that you have a title to the
entire property, while your complaint sets
up a claim to only one-half. Now, do I
understand that you admit the convey
ance made by Noe of his half?"
The defendants' attorneys looked up
hopefully at this. It has been their desire
all along to get this deed of Noe to Homer
in evidence. By so doing they hoped to
compel the plaintiffs to prove their title
from Noe. By the testimony which Kos
cialowski and Splivalo had put in it might
be possible that each of the 250 defendants
would have to prove his title in court, and
this would be a tedious proceeding.
Their hopes, however, were doomed,
for Koscialowski stated they would ad
j mit nothing, and his Honor refused to rule
that there was a material variance in the
allegations and the proof.
Judge McKinstry then stated the case
which the defendants relied ■ on. "1
might be willing," he said "to go farther
than some of the counsel and concede
that this property was by Mexican law
community property. The only tribunals
to which we can refer pronounce it sep
arate property. The old Mexican law ia a
dead issue, as dead as the bodies of those
whom it controlled who are now buried at
the Mission Dolore3.
"It is true that speaking of the different
kinds of concessions made by the Mexican
Government we refer to them as grants,
but the word donation, when used, had a
particular significance. This kind of a
grant, when coupled with certain Condi-
I tions, was more tlian forty years a^o held
to be simply a gift. This is important
only in view of the question which your
Honor has anticipated. If this was a
mere gift to the husband it was the prop
erty of the husband, the Mexican law be
ing similar to ours in that respect.
"Further than this, even if this was
community property, it has been held re
peatedly that by Mexican law the hus
band had the* full power of disposition,
and all conveyances made by him would
be entirely valid. It" suit had been
brought against Noe within a reasonable
time he might have been made to account
for his disposition of the proceeds of the
sale, but that was the only possible action. "
The defendants then introduced a judg
ment roll of the case of Barry vs. Roman,
which was tried in the old Twelfth Dis
trict Court. This case was practically the
same as that which is npw being tried and
the defendants introduced the judgment
in proof of former adjudication of the
action. Part of tbe land which is involved
in the present suit, however, was ex
cepted in the suit of Barry vs. Roman.
For this reason Splivalo objected on the
ground of irrelevancy. Judge Sanderson
said he supposed the defendants intended
to prove that part of the land which they
now claim to own was involved and he
overruled the objection. Splivalo also ob
jected on the ground that the case had
never been tried, as it appeared from the
records it was a consent judgment. And
again he was overruled.
He tried one more tact to keep out the
judgment. He objected on the ground
that it had not been proved a bona-fide
court record. Judge Sanderson called his
attention to the fact that, upon the adop
tion of the State Constitution, the Supe
rior Court became the regular successor of
the District Court, and the records of the
Twelfth District Court would be consid
ered as part of the records of the Superior
Court, of which he could take judicial
cognizance. To all of which Splivalo ex
cepted.
Charles W. Moon-, chief deputy Re
corder, was put on the stand to prove
records of a covenant to convey made by
Noe to Charles B. Strobe. This covenant
was afterwards consigned to Homer, and
Noe conveyed direct to him. Muilaney
introduced these documents and his col
league. Judge Freeman, objected to their
introduction as irrelevant. Splivaio, who
had developed into a chronic objector,
seconded the objection.
Splivalo objected to the deed on the
ground that it was not a deed in fee
simple, but a conditional deed, the per
formance of the conditions of which had
not been proved, and on the additional
ground that it was uncertain. The objec
tion 7783 grounded on the fact that in the
deed two tracts of land were mentioned,
one 100 varas and the other 22 varas. On
this point the attorneys for the defendants
got rather badly entangled. Van Duzer
insisted that the exception of the lana
which Noe referred to in the deed as hav
ing been given to his son was of no effect
as the gift had never been recorded.
Muilaney and Harding each admitted that
one of the exceptions was of no avail, but
questions by the Judge developed tne fact
that the two attorneys for defendants re
ferred to different parcels of land. They
indulged in quite an argument trying to
aeree on what they would concede. And
to this Splivalo objected.
"We are not here, your Honor," he said
"to try differences between attorneys for
the defendants. The contention is be
tween the plaintiffs and the defendants.
1 move that all this discussion between
the defendants' attorneys be stricken out."
His Honor so ordered.
The defendants' attorneys had now
reached a point similar to that whicn em
barrassed the plaintiffs the day before.
They wanted to rest, but they did not
quite dare. So far they bad put in testi
mony sufficient to combat the commu
nity property theory, but if in this they
were unsuccessful they desired to prove
the operation of the statute of limitation.
This would be a long, tedious operation
and if the court decided against the vali
dity of the record it would be unnecessary.
Franklin K. Lane pleaded with the Court
for an Intimation of what his ruling would
be in regard to the record title, or at least
to agree that in case ne decided against
them on that proposition he would reopen
the case for further testimony.
Judge Sanderson firmly declined to give
any advance rulings, and in answer to a
suggestion that it might take six months
to try the case told Attorney Van Duzer
not to worry about taking up the Court's
time.
Attorney Goodfellow finally succeeded
in suggesting a suitable arrangement
| whereby his Honor consented to hear ar
guments as to the record title, and then
if necessary he would listen to testimony
and argument concern ing the adverse pos
session. Adjournment was then bad until
2 o'clock.
Koscialowski opened the proceedings of
I the afternoon session by objecting to what
I he termed a partial trial of the case.
j Judge Sanderson stated that it was pro-
I posed only to listen to argument on the
i question as to whether on the showing so
far made the plaintiff had made out a
prima facie case. If it was shown by the
| record that title was insufficient it would
! be unnecessary to inquire into the ques
i tion of adverse possession. After some
' discussion, with objections by Splivalo,
his Honor called upon Judge McKinstry
ito open. Koscialowski objected to this
j and stated the plaintiffs should be allowed
jto open and close. Judge Sanderson said
he would accord him that right.
"This is a case," said Koscialowski,
"which is without a parallel in the books.
For that reason it will take quite a length
|of time to properly present it. We have
; shown that this grant was made in con
! formity with a petition setting forth that
' the property was needed for the support of
I petitioner's family. It is an important
; point in the case that the petition was
written on ordinary paper."
The speaker here gave a historical re
j view of the colonization law under which
j this grant was made. He declared that
the motive of the Mexican Government in
passing this law was to encourage the
; settlement of California by families.
"Under the Spanish law," he proceeded,
"marriage was looked upon as a Dartner
: ship. All the property acquired in any
j way by either party to the matrimonial
] contract goes into the copartnership funds.
"If a grant be made to a settler, with
onerous conditions which he must per
j form, or else the property will go back t-t
j the public domain, there remains in the
| property dower to the wife in what was
; known as the first class. If there were no
such conditions attached she would have
in the property dower in the second class."
Judge McKinstry interrupted to ask
: what all that law had to do with the cave.
"Judge McKinstry," replied his Honor,
! "I presume Mr. Koscialowski is arguing
; this matter as well as he can."
"But I insist that we have a right to
know the relevancy of this mutter in re
gard to dower," Judge McKinstry ?aid.
Judge Sanderson admitted Mr. Koscia
i lowski should show the relevancy of the
j matter to the court. Koscialowski said it
i was to show the right which Mrs. Noe had
\ to one-half of the property.
"Do I understand you claim under Mrs.
I Noe?" asked Judge McKinstry.
Koscialowski said tbey did, and McKin
stry said he was satisried. •'! was in hopes
we would at some stage in the proceeding
get that statement," he remarked, "and
now we have it."
Koscialowski then proceeded with his
exposition of Mexican law, which he
claimed was, in regard to these claims, the
existing law to-day. He read voluminous
1 extracts from translations of Spanish law
i works to prove his contentions. At 4
o'clock he annnunced that he would like
to continue his argument to-day.
"I would suggest," said F. K. Lane,
"that the courtlimit this talk proceeding."
"I will limit it when i get weary," said
his Honor significantly.
The case goes on again this morning at
10 o'clock.
SHAKESPEAREAN RELICS.
Signatures of Some Famous Men— A Pias
ter Panel Made In the Year 1606.
The history of the grand collection of
Shakespearean relics, which will be sold in
London next week, is of a very interesting
character. At an early period they became
the property of a branch of the Hart,
family, who were the descendants of
Shakespeare's sister Joan, and so re
mained until 1793. The owner at that time,
Thomas Hart, having tjo issue, requested
Thomas Hornby, a relative of hh and the
grandfather of Thomas Hornby, tbe late
owner, "to take the remains of
the relics belonging to Shakespeare
and rent the house where Shakes
peare was born and take the things by
valuation." He lived there until his
death, and his widow until 1820, when,
owing to an increase of rent, she left the
house and took one almost opposite the
birthplace of the Bard of Avon, where she
used to show these relics for many years.
The collection includes three most inter
esting visitors' books, containing the si«
natufes of William IV, Lord Byrori,
Charles Kean, Longfellow, Charles Math
ews and others; an oak chest said to have
been the property of Ann Hathawav;
sticks cut from Shakespeare's mulberry
and crab trees, a lead lantern made of the
remains of the window frame belonging to
the poet's study, and a plaster panel in
hi«h relief, in colors and gold, dated 1606,
taken from the wall of Shakespeare's
house. — London Chronicle.
Too Suggestive.
It was Grandpa Aaron's ninety-fifth
birthday, and one enthusiastic member of
the family thought to add to the joyous
ness ol the reunion and celebration by let
ting off a display of fireworks.
"I guess 1 am much obliged," said the
old man, "but I do hope this isn't any
allusion to what I am coming to before
many more years."— lndianapolis Journal.
IMMENSELY RICH
MINES IN CHINA
Vast Undeveloped Gold De
posits Near Port
Arthur.
THE LOCATION A SECRET
English and German Syndicates
Have an Eye on the
Riches.
BOTH SEEKING CONCESSIONS.
Count D'Orzeszko Is Returning to Eng
land With Information About
tbe Mines.
Count D'Orzeszko, who arrived at the
Palace Sunday from the Orient, is on his
way back to his home in England with
some valuable information for a great
London syndicate, in whose interests he
went to China to examine several rich and
practically unknown mining districts.
The Count is a Russian by name and j
title, but a thorough Englishman in senti- i
ment, national pride and the peculiar ap
pearance of his typical loose, light-gray,
homespun suit and not over-luxuriant lull |
beard.
His father was a Russian but his mother \
was English, and London has long been j
tbe young Count's home. He passed bis j
military examinations for the English
army, but, has never seen service, though
he carries his tactics with him to keep
brushed up, for he says he may return to
China and enter the British service there. !
As to the gold mines he feels that he
would not be guarding London interests if
he were to detine their location and go
iuto detail.
"Four of the mines," he said, "are near
Port Arthur. I must not furnish names j
or locations. They are very rich and abso
lutely uydeveloped. The question is, Will
the Chloese Government make concessions
for the operation of these mines?
"Their existence has been known for
nearly three years, or just before the 1
Chino-Japan war. Germany has been
quietly trying to get the concession, and
English capital has been working to the
same purpose.
"A syndicate was organized in London j
three years ago with an enormous capital I
to develop these mines. All negotiations i
were suspended during the war times, but j
since China has had that experience per
haps she will not be so conservative in re
gard to granting concewsiens.
"Just what China's treaty relations may
be with Russia is not known, but on them
much depends.
"I was shown some fine, rich specimens
01 ore said to have been taken from these ;
mines, but I would not take them, for
when it comes to determining what is
ROfnftUy in the mines expert engineers j
will be sent out from London for that ex- j
press purpose. And that i 3 what will
probably be done when I shall have made
my report.
"Wilkinecn, formerly an English official
in China, bnt now on a visit to Australia,
knows a good deal about the mining busi
ness in China. He will be relied upon by
the Government for accurate information
on the subject. Then bis Excellency N.
R. O'Connor, who was in China, but who
is now in St. Petersburg, ia well posted on
the mining question.
"There are four important coal stations
in the neighborhood of Point Arthur that
are sought after by the whole world.
Three of them— Shan-hai-kwan, Kin
» . - ■■ -■.'"•• -■-■■■• - '•' "■ -■ ' ..■-■ ■ .. ■ . 2
\ I The World's Best Natural Aperient Water t
V- ■-'. :'.':-' ':'-"". "" ' :\ : ■ ' :: - ■\ i - ..■■ '' ' : € i
I Banyadi J&nos j
£ :.,.: -. - .--- i-s^'r.,.^. ■■■' ■ - •■ ■; ■■--■-.--.,. -. ■ f
: » Buyers should not allow any other water to be substituted, %
• j^SS^S. - but INSIST upon having the
; » iff^^^^M^Mrfc^ GENUINE bearing on the blue ' «
• W$ label the si s nature of the firm *
£ " Aiidreas Saxleluier" «l
chow and Newcbwang— are on the Gulf of
Ligo-tung, and are to the north and
northwest of Port Arthur; the fourth—
Kin-chow— is to the east of Port Arthur.
Here again Russia's rights by her treaty
with China piay an important part."
Then Count d'Orzeszko went on to talk
of his trip generally and of his visits to
Peking and to Canton. He said that the
journey to Peking is very disagreeable and
one that he would not advise any tourist
to undertake for pleasure.
After fifty miles up the river in a house
boat which the traveler hires for four
American dollars for the round trip, there
is an unusually rou.h cart ride of thirty
miles to the capital of the great Chinese
Empire. You tret one horse to your fart
for $1 or a team for $1 50, but there are no
roads and the pleasure of riding is nil.
The Chinese Government purposes to
build a railroad that will obviate these
drawbacks td travel.
Canton made the greatest impression
upon Count d'Orzeszko. The streets are
only six feet wide, and consequently there
are no carriages. Men are cairied on
jinrickshas, borne by two or four car
riers. Collisions rre not infrequent, and
rows are a common result. The Cantonese
hate foreigners of every sort, Europeans,
Chinese and all.
"Tbree times I was spat at on the
streets," remarked the Count, "and once
a man threw some water on me, but tbe
only way is to go along and take no notice
of it, for there are too many of them.
When I was in Canton— it was the last of
May — there were rewards out by a mys
terious committee oft'erine $100 a head for
each 'Snamin,' the name by which an
American resident is known.
"The boatmen, obtusely ignorant of their
own Government regulations, believing
some new precautions taken against ssmug-
COUMT D'ORZESZKO.
gling were instigated by the 'Shamins,'
were very bitter against the white devils,
as they called them. I heard afterward
that some of the committee wpre caught
and beheaded, but I don't believe it.
"1 visiteii the Palace of Justice'and saw
in their courts implements of torture used
on both men and women, for they do ab
solutely torture them. In Peking I was
refused entrance to the Palace of Justice,
but I have no doubt the same customs
prevail there."
AN EMPEROR'S HUMOR
It Frequently Causes I>l«may in the
Minds of His Subject*.
The German Emperor is very much ad
dicted to practical joking, not always of a
very amiable kind, and this does not tend
to increase his popularity, as those who
have suffered from his wit do not easily
forget and forgive the pain caused them
by his Majesty's spirit of waggery. Last
week the people who suffered were the
police.
The duty of these officials was to steam
in a small boat in front of His Majesty's
yacht in order to keep the passage clear.
The day was windy, and when the Em
peror saw them struggling along in front
of him he suddenly nave the order, '"Full
speed ahead." The police-boat also
put on steam, but was naturally un
able to keep ahead of the im
perial yacht, which landed the Em
peror and Empress at Treptow, where
they had come to open the Berlin Indus
trial Exhibition, a full ten minutes before
their time, the consequence being that
neither Prince Friedricu Leopold nor the
honorary president, Herr yon Bellapsch,
was there to receive them. At the open
ing ceremony the Emperor was plainly
very much displeased and would notdeier
to do more than noil when asked if the
exhibition might be opened.
Another practical joke of the Emperor's
was still more unpleasant. On one occa
sion late at night he ventured out alone at
Potsdam, went up to the sentinels and
dismissed them all quite silently, so that
no one heard, and taen went to the sen
try-house, where, naturally, a poor young
lieutenant between the turning out of the
guard was dozing. Suddenly lie awoke to
hnd the Emperor standing before him, who
said, "Call out your guard," and looking
around, the officer saw they had all fled.
His feelings can be imagined, and even
when the Emperor laughed heartily at his
dismay he "found it hard to recover his
equanimiiy and continue to be».r the same
respect and affection for the monarch who
could so ruthlessly play with the feelings
of his loyal subjects. However, in spite of
these weaknesses, Kaiser Wilbelm 13 un
doubtedly popular with the youthful part
of his army.— Pall Mall Budget.
♦ — ♦ — •
The King of Italy, like his father. Victor
Emmanuel, only takes one meal a day.
NEW TO-DAY.
NEW TO-DAY.
That Clutching
Sensation
at the Heart
is almost instantly dispelled
by a swallow of Vino-Kolafra,
the African Tonic made from
Sterctilia Nuts. Vino-Kolafra
governs heart action as the
fly-wheel regulates machin-
ery: it cures hysteria and
nervousness.
Vino-Kolafra
annihilates fatigue, gives
strength arid tone to the body,
and rapidly builds up con-
valescents after severe illness.
A glance at the names of the ,
endorsers of Vino-Kolafra
will convince you that it is a
product of unusual impor-
tance.
Sold by Druggists Generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
. Johnson & Johnson, Selling Agents,
91 William St., New York.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.' >,;.: Vj
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TP
HAWAII. SAMOA, gUt HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, PI BT
AUSTRALIA. %^S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. P. ALAMKDA sails via HONOLULU an!
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
""Line 10 COOLOARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
6( U s' AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur-
day- July 11, at 10 a. m. Sneciai party rates.
J. D. SPKECKKLS & BROS. CO.. Agts.
■ 114 Montgomery st
Freight Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco. '
O- :E^z- _?® 3>ff -
ASTORIA JifflPOlffljia
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
feuite of California sails. June 2, 12 and 22
Columbia sails June 7, 17 and 27
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. K.
bUUUAI^, nUtKXNIS & CO.. GenU Sapts.
' - i)'. F. CON M OiI, General At{«n6,
630 M arket strset.
— — ; — — : —
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT_RATES
VICTORIA, 8.C., and
PUGET SOUND.
I»irst Class.. ...&G.OO
Second C1a5a....65.00
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP GOIPAII
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM J&1&-
O Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, as •*™ C
follows: '-«•■•
For Mary Island. Lorinsr. WranceL Jnneao. KJJ-
lisnoo ' ana Slika (Alaska), hi. v a. m., June 3,
13, '.«. VJB. July H. i". lt>. 28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. CO, Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
Wnatcom (Bellinirham Bay, Wash.). 9 A. M.
Juih X. J . 13. ; " i«. 93. 28. and every flftu
day thereafter, connecting at ' Vancouver wits
the C. f. R. X., at Tacoma with N. P. R. It,
at Seattle with G. X. Hy.. al *"or. Townsend wita
Alaska steamers.
ForKureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hua»-
boidt Bay) str. Pomona, a p. m.. June 2, 10.
14 1 *.•_'■..' ■< i and evorv fourth rlav thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco*
Tort Harford (San Luis OtUpo), Gaviola, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueiierne. (ten Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Joiw
4. *. Vi, i<i, 2i», 24." 28 and c every fourth day thert-
Kor San DtejfO. Btoppin? only at Port Harrprl
(Ban Lni.i Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port Lo*
Anceles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m.. in <• 2 «• 10. 14; ,8, si. -16, SOani every
fourth day thereafter.
>or hnseuada, san Joss del Caba Matatlan. l,a
Tar. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), s".r. Orizaba.
10 a. M.. June -', •-?. ana2sinut eacu month there-
' U Ticitec office. Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgonner
."^^OODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen". ARonts.
10 Market si. San Francisco*
CO3IPAGSIEGESERAL TRAJSATLAJT
French Lin'* to Havre*.
/-IOMPANVS]'IKR(XE\V'),4'_» NORTH AM
Vj River, foot of Morton St. Traveler* by iSsiySsf
this line avoid both transit oy English railway an 1
the discomfort of crossing the channel In asm-ill
boat. . New YorK to Alexandria. Kgypc, via i'arii,
first-class $ltSO: stcoud-class, $llb.
I.A TOI7K AIXK. Capt. Santelll.. . May 23, Ba. it,
LA KOKMANDIE May 8 a. jc.
LA GAbCOG-NE ....-'a c '.'(>, 7 A. M,
LA iSOK ■i.iMUt..... July 4. 6 a. m.
LA GAfcOCKJNE July 23. 11 a, m.
LA NOU\| A XDIF. Aucust 1, 5 a. it.
LA RorROOONE. O.pt. Leb><>uf. ..Tune 6, 7 A. at.
: tgr For farther particulars apply to
A. FOKOE T, Agent,
Na 3 Bo v ln? Green, New Yorlc
J. F. FUQAZI <fc CO, Agents. 5 .MOiitgomsrr
«venue. Ban Franciacs.
WHITE STAR LINE.
United States and Royal Mall Steamers
BETWEEH '
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
, SAILING KVKKV WJKBK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- je»ga
Ing to steamer end acoomniodations wuj9£
•elected; second cabin, fB6 and *40; Maji-^ x an 1
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and l)-"nnaarlc
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets.
Bailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Doclr, or at th»
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
tUtOor uxmad Hotel. G.W.FLETCHER.
, General Agent for Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAI PACKET COMPAJT.
QTEAMERS LEAVE" ASITWVALL
O fortniKlitly for the West Indies and •*»»*■
Pouthampton, callins en route at Orbourgn,
France, and Plymouth to land passentci'rs.
ThrouKh bills of lading, in connection with th«
Pacific Mail 8. 8. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg Southampton. First class, $195; third
class. *97 60. For further particulars apply to
. PABBOTT & CO., Agents,
308 California sb
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave .Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 5 r. U. Daily. . .
-• - > Sunday at 7f. Si. . -
49" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
', bXiTAMiiital .
T.C.Walker, .1. D. TeteM, '
Mary Uarrsvtt, . City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cau Nay. and lrapt. Co
fAILEJO, NARK ISLWO, 'BEsiciA, POST
COSTA AND (RlM 'km.
STB. MOMICELLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:Bo a. m
and 4 F. U. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. m.', 3:30 r. XI
. Sunday— p.m. *
•4». M-only. '
l*Bding, Mission 1, FUr *• '
1516
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
StMMABI OF THE MARKETS
Silver a fraction off.
Wheat dull and lower.
Wheat Freights firm.
Barley a fraction weaker.
Oats easier. Rye neglected.
Some change* in Corn.
Rolled Barley lower.
Oilcake Meal advanced.
Cottonseed Oilcake all gone.
Beans neglected.
Hay steady.
No change in Flour.
Potatoes firm. Onions weak.
Vegetables generally cheaper.
Butter firm. Cheese weak.
More Eggs weak, Hunch firm.
Poultry dull.
Cherries still higher.
Peaches, Apricots and Apples weak.
More sales of Dr ed Apricots.
Prunes all cleaned up.
Berries lower.
Citrus Fruits steady.
Fair demand for Honey.
Califoriiia Peanuts out.
Provisions dull and easy.
Hides and .Leather inactive.
Wool dull. Hops lifeless.
Coffee very quiet.
Oils unchanged.
Hogs rather firmer.
Explanation.
Th» arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for he
lays: those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, nf melted snow in inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
U usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. Wh'-n the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south 01 Oregon is improb
able.- With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The. reverse of these conditions
Will produce an opposite result.
• —
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
DKITKS states Dki'aßtmknt of AOBIUUIr
tirk. Wkathkr RtP.KAf, San Fkaxcisco. June
16. 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son:
Eureka 51.90, last season 46.33; Red Bluff
22.43. last season L' 9.71: >an Frnncisco 21.25. last
season 25.70: Fresno 8.16. last season 14.67: san
Luis Obispo 17.70, last season 26 04; Los Angeles
9.36. last season 16.1 1; San Diego 5.93, last sea
son 12.20; Yuma.Bß. last season 5.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Red Bluff 102, San F'rancisco73, Eureka 58, San
Luis Obispo 88. Los Angeles 86, Fresno 104. Yuma
116, San Diego 64.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 73,
minimum 56, mean 64.
There has been a slight fall in pressure during
the past twenty-four hours over Washington, Ore
gon and Northwestern California. The pressure
is high, however, over North westera California
and over northwestern Washington. Then n
some prospect of a change in weather from the
coud!tions which have been prevailing for the
past week.
The temperature has risen over Oregon, Wash
ington and Northern California. The iso herm of
100 des. embraces to-niEht the larger portion of
California, Southern Nevada and in Arizona the
tempera ure is about 114 deg. Alone the imme
diate Pacific Coast from Tatoosh Island to ■"'an
Francisco the temperature is below 60 deg. At
San Francisco, owine to local causes, there has
been a fall in temperatur-.
cou<lr. ions are favorab'e for continued wt--mw t --m
weather in the valleys of California.
There has been a marked incr-ase ir. the cloudi
ness over Northern Nevada and Utah, sprinkles
of rain have fallen in Eastern Oregon and in
Northwestern Nevada.
Forecast made at -an Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, June 17, 1896:
Northern California— cloudy weather along the
coast: fair, warm weather Wednesday inland;
light northwesterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday: continued
warm weather Inland; light westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy weather Wednesday, possibly
sprinkles of rain Wednesday morning in northern
penion; continued warm weather.
liah — Cloudy Wednesday; continued warao
wea her.
Arizona— Fair; continued warm weather Wednes
day.
Sian Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
warmer; fresh westerly winds.
Alkxaniikr G. McAdik,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MAKKETS.
Finnncial.
NEW YORK. N. V., June 16— Profit taking was
the feature of the early trading, and although
London and commission hou->es centrally sold, the
impression on values was insignificant. The con
census of opinion was (hat the reaction was op
portune in view of yesterday's sharp rise, and that
It would not only give operators a chance, to look
around, but would test the stability of the market.
It Is to be said that the offerings were readily ab
sorbed, and as the day wore along and advices from
r«t. Louis gave cumulative evidence that the gold
standard advocates had carried the day. buying
orders were placed In all the 'eidlng issues, an! a
higher range 01 quotations was established. London
turned buyer, and firms her" with Western con
nections made extensive purchases of the railways
and the better cl«s.s of Industrials.
A further advance in Government bonds and a
reduction in the posted rates of Merlin* ex
change contributed to the jjo'>d feeling. United
States 4'» of ,925 have gained nearly 2 per cent
during the past two. days, the advance being
directly due to th» position of the St. Louis con
vention on tne currency question. In the last
hour he market took on an appearance of buoy
ancy, and nearly every stock oi> the list reached
the highest point for a long time past. Specula
tion left off strong with an advancing tendency.
Railways improved anywhere from % to % per
cen . Total sales were 223,670 shares.
Bonds were active and very strong. The trans
actions aggregated $1,815,000.
Government bonds were active and higher
-9291.000 coupon 4's 01 1925 sold at 117 18'4
-SIO,OOO do registered at 1 181/8-
Grain.
FLOUR— Weak; Winter wheat, low grades,
$1 70@2 55; do. fair to fancy, 92 4'@3 15;
do p;t ents, 93 70(a13 90: .Minnesota clear,
92 4U<g2 90; .10 straights, 92 95@3 55; do
patents. 93 2S@4 30: rye mix lire. 92 40@3 10;
sup. rfine, #1 6J@2 25 fin". $1 50@2 Oj. Rye
flour dull, easy, at $2 i()(a 2 80.
COUNMEAL— steady; yellow Western, 92 05®
2 10: Bran<lywlne, *2 15.
RYE— Quiet, firm; .Western. 30^40c. ■
BARLEY— DuII: Western. 32«34c to arrive.
BARLEY MALT— Quiet: Western. 48(ffi '3c.
WHEAT- Active, firmer; 1. o. b.. 7f%c; un
graded red,6v'@72c; No. 1 Nortnern, 67%.-.
Options fairly active a.id firm at % efoc ad
vance following the West. July and September
most active. No. 2 red. June, 63" 4 c: July. 63 3 i .
AiieiiHi, 63% c: September, 63% c; 'December,
65%". ■
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
writ block & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1934
BKAKCII OFFICE
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 1 828
J. S. I'I'RDV, Manager. . ; c .
Orders instantly executed on latest, market quo-
tattoos. .Reference Ist Nation*! Bank, >. V.
CHiCAOO. FKIVAUb WlKii VUKK.
CORN— Dull, firmer; No. 2, 33% c; elevator,
34% c afloat.
options dull, firm at S/^c advance, following
when and the West. July most active. June.
SKT'gc; Juiy. 34% c; August, 35c; September,
35%.
OATS-tDull, firm.
Options dull, nominal. June, 22y c; July,
22 Vie
» ,ot prices: No. 2. 221/4 C: Na 3 white, 24' 4 c:
No. 2 Chicago, '.'3c; No. 3. 21c: N0... 3 white,
23yic: mixed Western, 23c@24c: white do and
white state. 24@'^8c.
FEED BRA .N— SOc.
MIDDLINGS— 6Oc.
Kit— Feed. 60@65c
j'l'DvUinix,
BEEF— DuII, $8 50@9: extra mess $637. Beef
hams dull, nominal. *9 50. Tlerced beef quiet,
steady: city extra India mess $ll@13: cut meats
steady: pickled bellies, 12 pounds. 4(s4i/k'-: pickled
shoulders, 4V 2 c; pickled hams, 9i/i@93,4.
LARD— Steady; Western steam. $4 45; city,
$4 05; July, $4-15. Refined, slow: Continent
$4 66: South American, $5 10; compound 4@4Vic
PORK — Firm; ola mess. $8 26@3 60: new mess,
$8 75ia ».
BUTTER— Fair demand, steady. Western ("airy,
8011 Vie: do creamery. 11%@15c: Elgtns. 16% c;
Imitation creamery, 10@12c.
CHEESE — Active; State large. 6@7V4c:
do small, s%@>7y g c: part skims, 2@2y c; full
skims.
EGGS— F»lrlj* steady : State and Pennsylvania,
12fa*12i/ic: Western fresh, ll@12c: do per case,
$1 50@3.
TALLOW- Dull, nominal: city. 3 Vic: country,
3yic.
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet: crude, 2r@2o%e:
yellow prinne.24%@2sc; do off grades. 24%@25c.
resin- Dull, steady; strained, common 10 good.
$1 70@l 72%.
TURPENTINE— Quiet, steady: 25%@26c.
POT AlDES— Quiet; choice new steady, South
ern, 75c@$3 35.
: RlCE— steady, quiet: Domestic, fair to extra,
i saies^c.
MOLASSES— Quiet: New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Steady, unchanged to 5 points up;
June. $12; July, «11 45<£11 51); Auguit, $10 90;
September. $10 55; October, $10 20: December,
$10 05; March, $9 60. spot Rio, dull, steady; No.
7. 13i/ 4 c.
SUGAR — Raw. dull, steady: fair refining.
?'4c; centrifugals, 96 test. 38/ic Refined, more
active, steady; off A, 7-16@9-16c: mold A. 5 3-J6c;
standard A.4 15-16 c; confectioners' A, 4 13-16 c;
cut loaf, 5 9-1 tic; crushed. 5 9-16: powdered, 5 Vie;
granulated, 4 15-16 c; cubes, & 3-1 6 c.
Fruit and. Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, By»f<4l2c.
I CACHES— V a>. 12@13c; do unpeeied.
6%@Bc.
PRUNES— Four sires, nominal, 5c
RAISINS-Two-crown loose Muscatel,3Vi@3%c:
do three-crown, 4@4%c: do tour-crown, 4V2<iO3C;
ao London layers, 90c<£$$i.
HOPS— Quiet: State common to choice, 2%i38c;
I'aclfic Coast. 2%<&7c,
WOOL— Moderately active; domestic fleece, 15©
21c; pulled, 15@33c.
Merchandise.
Pin IRON — Moderately active;" American,
#11 70(313.
COPPER-Quiet: lake. 511 65<512.
LEAD— Easier; domestic. $2 97%@3.
TIN Easier: straits, *13 50.
PLATES— Quie:.
KPELXEK-Quiet: domestic, $4 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MAItkKIS
CHICAGO, lix.. June 16.— The action in wheat
to-day was slow and dragging, neither hulls nor
bears evincing a desire to trade. ' The buying to
cover previous short sales was a little larger than
the selling by longs, a circumstance which tended
to help prices. Liverpool cables were quiet. Re
ceipts in the Northwest were heavy at 644 cars.
Chicago received 36 cars and inspected out
111,600 bu-ihels. Export clearances aggregated
301,992 bushels. July v* heat oi>ened from EG^Jc
to 56"t<c, soli between 56^g&56%c and 575^,
closing at 673 «c, *4c higher than yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow 21 cars.
CORN— By virtue of the firm. less of wheat,
corn was enabled to exhiolt a fair degree Of stead
iness without displaying any undue activity or
feature. Receipts were heavy at 524 cars, and
430,800 bushe s were withdrawn from store. Liv
erpool rabies were quiet ami unchanged. Export
clearances amounted to 176,000 bushels. Sep.em
ber corn opened at 29c, advanced to 293/8'®29%?,
closing at 29yi@29S/ 8 ■, yy g @%c higher than yes
terday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 350
cars.
OATS— The tone of oats depended on the feeling ;
of the other markets. Keceipls were 143 cars and
252,300 bushels were withdrawn from store. Ex
port clearances amounted to 247,500 bushels. !
July oats closed a shade higher than yesterday. j
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 215 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 81 %c; July, 80% c; '■
September. 82c. R-ceipts B ears.
PROVISIONS— The steady tone which pre
dominated in product to-day was a gift from the |
hog market, wnich latter wa< firm. At the close
July pork was 2i 2 c higher: July lard a shude |
lower, and July ribs a shade higher.
BUTTER— Steady, easy. Dairy— Extra, 12c. |
Ladle— Extra, 10@12c.
EGGS— Weaker; offerings heavy. New stock,
! B@9c.
.HONEY— Was 5@6% on call and 6% on
i time loans. New V ort exchange sola at 55c
premium.
Closing; Price*.
WHEAT— June. 5714 c; July, 673/gC: September,
58 Vie.
CORN-Jane. 27y g @27%c; July, i 8y B @'2BVic; I
September, 29yi@29%-. ,
OATS— JuIy. J (i.4@i7s.gc; September. 17% c.
PORK— Jnly, »7 15: September, *7 3i!%.
LARD— JuIy. $4 15; September, *4 30.
BlßS— July, fit 85; SeptemDer, $4.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARD*. 111.. June 16 -The |
cattle market was fairly active and steady to-day. j
Light receipts of hogs caused an advance of s<S)loc |
in that market. Sheep were strong.
, CATTLE— Receipts, 2500. Fancy beeves, $» 35 i
@4 45: common to fair steers, $3 40@3 60; cows,
$1 40@2 25.
HObS- Receipts, 13,000. Heavy packinz aim j
shipping lots, *:■> 05(«c;< 30: common to choice !
mixed. »3 05(0*3 40: choice assorted, »3 40*3 50;
light, $3 16@3 60; pigs, *2 50&3 50.
sii H.k.f — Receipts. 7000. interior 10 cnolc*. :
*'J(b4; jambs, $2 50fc6. 25.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds. Exchange, Money and Railroad !
Shares.
Money on cal has been easy at "@2i/g.V; last loan
at 2%; closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile pa- :
per. 4%@5%. Bar silver, 68% c. Mexican dollars, !
63i a c. sterling Exchange is quiet, with actual :
business in bankers' bills at $4 87V*@4 87% for ,j
60 days. and $4 88y*@4 88% tor demand. Posted i
rates. $4 88@4 89. Commercial bills, $4 86@4 8634. i
Government bonds steady; .-Mate bonds dull: rail
road bonds higher. Silver at the board wag easier. .
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel <£ Cable.... 91 Norfolk & Westrn. 6
Atchison 153,4 Preferred 10%
Preierred 23i/i Northern Pacific. . . 63,4 !
Adams Express... .l 47 Preferred. I* 3 /*
Alton, Terre Haute 58 Northwestern 10-1%
American Expresslll Preferred 148
American ToDacco. B6y B N. Y. Central 97% I
Preferred....'..... 98 N.Y.,Chlcago<fcs.L. 13
Bay state Has 26 Va Ist preferred 72
Baltimore & Ohio.. 18% yd preferred 313/ i
Brunswick Lands.. Vis X. V. A N. H. 174 1
Buffalo, Koch AP. I»Vj.V Y. A New Eng. 40 % I
Canada Pacific 6<s% X. V., Susq A W... f»4 ;
Canada Southern.. 51 I Preferred 24«/4 !
Canton Land 60% Ontario. ... 12
Central Pacific 16>/4 ! Ontario A Western 16
Chen. A Ohio.. a 6% Oregon Improvmnt y 8 !
Chicago A1t0n. ..... 155 Preferred
Preferred 170 Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. it — 80 Vi Oregon Short Line. 8
Chicago AE. 111... 41 Pact He Mail 26 i
Preferred 99 Peorla, I>. <St Evans 1% '
Chicago Gas 68% Pittsburg A W. pfd 15
CleveA FiUßburg..l63 Pullman Palace.. 157
consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver.. 1% '
Consolidated Ga5. .168%' Preferred. . 10
C. C. C A St. Louis 33Vg Reading 16% ;
Preferred 82 IRioGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel A iron.. *"*/* Preferred......... 40
Preferred 100 Kock Island 72y 8
Cotton Oil Cert 12% Home Wat«fcOgden.ll6
Commercial Cable. lso St. L. A S. W.. 5
Del. Hudson 126 ' Preferred 11
Del.Lack<fe Westrn. 1/2 St. Paul 73%:
Denver AR. G 1-»%I Preferred. 128
Preferred. 49%|St. Paul A Duluth. 20
Distillers 17y« Preferred 85
General Electric... 33y B su Paul A Omaha. 44% '
Erie.... I;>V* Preferred 125
Preferred 37% P. M. A M......112
Fort Wayne 160 (silver Certificates. 68%;
(.real Northern pfdl 18 southern Pacific... 19% '
Greenßay % Southern K. R...".. 9*/* j
Harlem. 295 | Preferred .29%
Hocking Coal 1 Sugar Refinery 12i!»4
Hocking Valley.... 16% 1 Preferred 103%
Homestake. 33 (Ter m. Coal A Iron. 2t>l/4 ,
11. A Texas Cent... ; Preferred... 90
Illinois Central..... 95%, Texas Pacific...... Byi !
lowa Central : 'ToI.A.A.AN.-Mich. ■ j
Preferred say^.ToL A Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas A Texas... 12 Preferred. 70
Preferred 26 |Tol.Bt.Louis<tK.C. 5
Kingston <& Pern... 3 , Preferred 6
Lake Erie A Westn 1914 Union Pacific 8%
Preferred. 71 U. P. Den A Gulf.. 3
Lake Shore 154 v. S. Cordage 5%
National Lead 26 V 8 Preferred 10%
Preferred 89y»' Guaranteed 21%
Lone Island 75 U. 8. Express 40
Louisville A Nash. 62% U. 8. Leather...... 8
Louisville NaACb. ftV4 Preferred......... 63%
Preferred. .... 21 U. 8. Rubber....... 19%
Marrhauan Consol.lo4V4 Preferred. 78%
Memphis* Charts. 16 Utlca&B. River. .150
Mexican Central... 9% Wab. 6>. L. A Pac . 7s/
Michigu ■ Central.. 9«%! Preferred 1-*%
Minn<fcß.L. Wells-Farg0........ 97
Preferred Western Union.... 85y
Minn A St. L com. 18% Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred 79 .Wheeling AL. E.. los /g
2dpreferred 47% Preferred. 84 .
Missouri I'acffic.. 24% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 651/4
Mobile* Ohio 21% W. U. Beef 8
Nashville A Chatt. 68 (Ann Arbor 9
National Linseed.. 18 1 Preferred 25%
N. J. Central 107% Brooklyn Traction. 235/.
North American... s%|Krie 2d pfd.. 21%
.CLOSING BOXIVI.
C S 4s, registered.. 108% M k T 2ds 58%
I"' 4s. coupon 109% Do 4s . H3l/ 2
U S4snew, regatrdllS Mutual Union 65. ..114 ' I
Do 4s, coupon.... lIX • n J Cent Gen 55.. .119%
Do -is 94% Northern Pac lsts 1 1 7 1 i i
Do 5s ...116 D02d5.......:....115
1 o coupon... 113 DoSds 70
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.
Do 1897 10j Do deb 5s ..loa?*
Do 1898........ ..10;» 0R&M5t5. ......112
Do 1899..... ... 100 StLAlronMtGenss 78
Pacific -is of '95.... StL&BF Gen 6s 113
D C 3-65s ....... ...iO9y 4 St Paul Consols....
Ala Class A4s 103 St PCA Pa .119
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896.
Do Class B 4, 55.. 105 Do Pac Cal lsts.llo
La Consol 4s 9914' Southern R R 55. . . 94
Missouri funding. .. Texas Pacific lsis. SHVi
N Carolina ron 65.. 122 Texas Pacific -Jds.. 81«4
Ho 4s 102 lUnion Cac lsts '96.lo3^
So Carolina 4V a s. . . 106 West Shore 4s. 104
Term new 3s H4 Mobile .ft Ohio 45.. 66y a
Va funding debt... 69 RGrandeWest lsls 76Vi
I>o registered [Chen A Ohio 5s 107
Do deferred 65... o Atchison 4s 80
Do trust, rcpts st. 4%l Do Ms A 42
Canada South 2ds.. 1041/4 G H A S A 6s .. ..10ft
Cen Pac lsts of '95. 102y 2 . Do 2d 7s 97y 2
Den<fcP.G Ist 110 jH * Tex Cent 65. .109
Do4s 9]'-'4 Do con 6s 100
Erie 2ds 66Vr' Keadin X 4s "9
Kansas Pa Consols 72 Vfc -Missouri 6s 100
Ks Pa lsts Den dlvlll
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN I.IVBRPOOt^
LIVERPOOL, Exh., June 16— The spot market
Is lower at 5s 3d@)ss 4d. Cargoes quiet at 26s 3d,
sellers, arrived.
FI'TITRKS.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
4s 10 "id; July, 4s 10 Vid; August, is lOVld; Sep
tember,.4s 10V*d: October, 4s 10y*d.
SKCURITIKSi.
LONDON, K.v-d, June 16.-Consols, 113; silver,
31% d; French Rentes. lOlf 66c
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 88V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89 Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12y 2
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine sliver, ounce — Ofctyg
Mexican Dollars 54% 65
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are firm at 30s, August
loading. The chartered Wheat fleet in port has a
registered tonnage 0f '32,200, against 90,500 tons
on the same date in 1895; diseneaged, 50,700 tons,
against 6821; on the way 10 this port, 226,200
tons, against 334,350. ;- ; ■«•
WHEAT — Spot quotations have again been
lowered and the market is very dull. Futures are
steadier In sympathy with Chicago. No. 1, 97% c;
choice, 98%r@$l; lower grades, 92%(595c; extra
choice for milling, $1 02%@l 12% ft ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December—
400 tons, 9734 c; 700, 97 %c.
Keoular .iliiknino .-)ES.sion— December— 3oo
tons, 9 %c: 300, 97% c; 100. 97% i : 100,98 c.
Seller '93, new, storage paid— loo, 94»4c.
■> fteknoon SKBSION — December— 3300 tons.
98y 8
BaKLEY— Quotations continue to shade off and
the market Is dull. Feed, 70c; choice, 71 Vie;
Brewing, 75(g>80c
CALL BOABI) SALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Bkoilar Mobninq session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATa- Are easier, though no lower. Milling are
quotable at 87y 2 @9oc; fancy Feed,Bo@9is%c; good
to choice, 82%@;90j : common to fair, 77%<&82%c;
Gray, 80@85c: Surprise, 95c<a;$l 02% %* < -" 11 -
CORN— Large Yellow is firmly held, but White
is lower and dull. Large Yellow, 87%@9i%c;
Small Round do, 97y 2 c; White, 77%@82VaC %* ctl.
EYE- Continues dull at 75@76t/4C t* ctl.
BUCKWiiKAT— BS@9Oc -# ctL
FLOUR AND MILL.STUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@,3 85 ¥>. bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65;
superfine, $2 75@:5.
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn,, fl9 50@20;
Cracked Corn, f2O 50@21 fi ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows. usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
4>S/ic: live Flour, 3yic; lUce Flour, 7%c; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal,
3%c: Obi Groats, 4%c: Hominy, 4fa.4i- 2 c: Buck
wneat Flour, -1c: Cracked Wheat, ay 3 c; Farina,
4%c; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled oats, 4yic;
I'ei.rl Barley, 4%c; Split Peas, 43..c; Green do,
61,4 c ¥ tb.
HAY AM) FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— Firm at Sls 50@16 50 fl ton. "
MIDDLINOK-i|!l7 50@18 50 ■$ ton for lower
grades and 519@20 f* ton for the best.
FKKDBTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $15 50@16; Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $21 per ton; jobbing, $22;
Cottonseed Oilcake is out of market.
HAY— The market in steady, wi:h moderate
receipts. New Wheat is quotable at $8(310 50 f*
ton; New Wheat and Oat, $7 60@9"60; new
Oat, $7@B Tfr ton: new Barley, $6 50(57 50 ft
tor; second cutting of Alfalfa, $6 (A 6 50.
Old Hay is quoted as follows: Wheat, $S@
11 50 f» ton: Oat, i*7j,9: Wheat and Oat. $8@11;
Barley, $7<<6B 50 ?S ton; Clover, $6@7 60 fi ton;
Compressed Oat, $6 5U(&8; Compressed Wheat, $7
©10 50; stock, $ti@7 per ton.
STRAW— bale.
BEANS AM) SEEDS.
BEANS— Business is still dull and quotations are
; more or less nominal. Bayos Quotable at 90c@$l;
Small Whites, $1 25@1 35^ ctl: Pea, *1 20@
1 30: Large Whites, 90c@?l; Pink, 85@95c; Reds,
$1 25; Blackeye, $1 75; Red Kidney, nominal:
! Limns, *2 60@2 70: Butters, $1 40@l 60 for small
and $1 25@1 uO tor large.
: SEEDS— Quotations are as follows: Brown
Mustard ,sl 50(a-2 25:Trieste 1 .r. r 0:Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40@l 60: Flax. $1 70@l 80: Canary. 2-". c
%4 It.; Altalfa, 7VsO9>/i * &>: Ripe, 2%c » Ib;
Hemp, 3%C f* Ib. _ . . ::
Di'.IED PbAS-f 1 25@1 40 V- ctl for Nlles and
$1 25(0.1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
p ... ■< : -
POTATOES— Were firm. New Potatoes, In sks,
85r@$l: new Early Rose in bxs from the River,
$I@l 25?. ctl; new Burbank Seedlings, $I@l 40;
Oregon Burbanks, 75c@$l: Early Hose. 65@75c:
Petaluma and TomaleS, 65@80c *■$> ctl; Humboldt
Burbanks. 75@90e f* ctl.
ONIONS-Dul! and plentiful at 25@30c fs sack.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 5^4 boxes As
paragus. 15 boxes Rhubarb and 380 sacks Peas.
: Cucumbers continue to decline. Squash is lower.
t Tomatoes sell well, if good. Beans are demoralized.
Green Corn, 12%(i»17%c ?» dozen: Summer
Squash, 7&c@sl >* box for Kay and 25@50c
'f box In small boxes; Egg Plant, 10c %< Ib;
Tomatoes, $1 25@2 26 >> box: Cucumbers, 20
i @sl)c r dozen: Asparagus. &oc@sl 25 V box for
i ordinary and 81 50@2 for extra: Rhubarb, 25
®76c W box: Dried Peppers, s@.l2Vgc: Green
Peppers, 15c $ Ib: Green Peas, sOfa*7sc r 1 sack' for
common and 2j %* &> for Garden'; string Beans,
l@,3c f> &>: Horse Beans, 40@50c 1» sack: Dried
Okra, 12y 3 c; Cabbage, 4&@soc %> ctl; Garlic, 2©
3c 9 lb. »
BUTTER, CHEESE AND ECUS.
BUTTER— ' at the advance, wijth fair
stocks. - _' ' :
Crkamkry— Fancy, 15@lS%c: seconds, 14@
a c V lb. . .
Dairy— Fancy. 13%@14c; good to choice, 12%
13c; lower grades, ll@l2c.
CHEESE— Is in ample supply and easy. Fancy
mild new, 6%c V' D>; common to good, s®Bc:
Cream Cheddar. 9c: Young America, 7(g.Bc %i Ib;
Western. 10@llc; Eastern, 12@12y 2 c.
EGGS— Store Eggs are weak and dull, nut ranch
are firm and in good demand. Oregon E?gs,
li i. 2 c; Eastern Eggs, 10@12c t* doz: store Eggs,
10V2Co<12c: ranch Eggs, L3@l6c; Duck Eggs, 12%
@14c~$doz. .
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— The market is quiet and well stocked
at the low prices.
Live Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gobblers, 9@llc for
Hens: Geese, fl pair, 75c@$l 12y 2 : Ducks. $3 50
@4 for old and $3 50@5 for young: Hens, $3 50@
4 50: Roosters, younir, $6 @7: do, old. $4@
4 25: Fryers. $4 6O(a)5: Broilers, $3(aH for large and
S2@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25(&1 50 V doz
tor young and old.
G A M E— .Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
1148 boxes, selling at 90c($$l 25 *$ box for Black,
and 80c@$l 10 for Royal Anne. Cherries in bulk,
9c tor Black and B@9%c for Royal Anne.
Peaches, 2'@6sc ID box. and 60<S80c V basket.
Plums, 7oc(g,sl 26 ft crate and 40@76c "#. box.
Cherry Plums, 26@50c ft box.
Red Apples. 40(a.;)0c tf* box and 25@36c f, bas
ket and 75c@$l 25 V- large box: Green Apples, 36
(SSO" 9 box in small and 76c@Cl in large boxes
and 25(g:30c: $ basket.
Green Pears, 26(0)60c t* box and 25c Tfi basket. .
Royal A priests. 35@65c <$ box and basket;
Moorparks, 66(&75c *{' box.
Figs, 15(0)20c * It..
BKRRlEs— Receipts of Strawberries were 448
chests, selling at $6@B * chest for Longwortbs
and $4@6 for lar^e berries.
Gooseberries, 1%@2%c V Ib In bulk.
Raspberries, $6(59 V- chest. Newcastle Raspber
ries, 7b@sl V crate. , .
Blackberries, «7@lo "# chest and fl 25@1 50 "#
crate. ... . * -.■■,.:. ■- ■
Currants. $3 60@4 60 ft chest and some fancy
goods bring $r.(g> . Mildewed stock 3.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons are in better supply.
LI es keep steady. Oranges are in satisfactory de
mand at $1 75fd>2 V- box for Seedlings. $3@4 50 for
Navels, $3 '?. box for Malta Bloods and *2 00g,3 50
box for Mediterranean Sweets: Lemons, $1@
1 50 for common and $2@3 for. good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $5 60fa>i: California Limes, $1 V
box;; bananas, $]<aW 't bunch; Pineapples, i|i3@6
ft dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
Another sale of new Apricots at 7%cat Armona,
equivalent to b%c here. Northern Apricots are
offered at 7y c * Ib, July delivery. The market on
these goods is firm. .
 A local firm has cleaned up all the 1895 Prunes
left in the Santa Clara Valley— lo or 12 cars. This
exhaus s all straight lines of these goods, and there
is noihingleft in the State but jobb ng lots of In
ferior fruit. ■ • . • . ■• •
DRIED FRUITS— . ' \
Carload Lots— Apples, l%@2c f, Tb for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@4%c for evaporated;
Peaches, f@6c and 6c for fancy: Apricots, 7@Bi/jc
for prime to choice. 9c for fancy lU^lic $
Ib for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2 Vie for n-
I pressed; White . Figs, 4c In sacks; Pear* 7c $ !b
I for eva- oratt d halves, 3%(g6c ft Ib for quarters:
j Prunes. 3@3yic; Plums. B%c Ib for pitted and
l%U2c for imputed : Nectarines, 3%2£5c i%* lb : for
prime to choice and 5y 2 c for fancy. , •
Jobbinu Pricfh— Evaporated Apples, 4@4 1
* tt>: »un-dried, l%@2c: Peaches, 3Va@sc and tic
for fancy: peeled in boxes, 12% c"& lb; Prunes, 3%
@4c for four sizes, 5c for 40@50's and 4%c for
50@60's; Apricots, 7@9c for prime to choice,
lOiaill for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, Bi/ c;
White Figs. 3f<4sc; Pears. 8c » ft for evapo rated
halves and 4ra7:u>c for quarters; Plums. 3Va@-*c
for pitted ana l@iy 3 c forunpitted: Nectarines,
4(j£!Sc «< lb for nnme AiK Dt^APES-Pricesarea.
RAISINS AND DHIED GRAPES-Prices are as
follows, carload lots. f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 3S4c; 3-crown, loose, 3c; 2-crown.
2y 2 c%,tt, : seedless Sultanas, 3%@f/i fi,?!* 1 7 c^
Muscntels, 2Vo@2S.ic; 3-crowu London layers. 70c
¥ box: clusters, 1l 3501 50:-Dehe 4 a_c luaten,
♦ 2 10@2 25; Imper.al clusters, $2 60@2 <5: Dried
Joß ßi^Tpßio«s-Foiir-crown loose, ;^@4c; 3
crown, 3i /4 c « ft,; 2-crown, 2%@3c. Seedless sul
tanas, 4c : * Ib; Seedless - I *« scatel9 '«? c i ( ?l c , r0 1 !
London layers, 75<an>0o: c usters, $1 50(.*l 75.
Dehesa clusters, $■: 50; Imperial clusters, $2 75,
Dried Grapes, . • - , ... .i
TS-Califori.ia Peanuts are cleaned IIP- Wai
nuu,9@llcforNa 1 bard and 1 l@l3c _* Jb for
paper-shell, jobbing lots; Almonds. 6®7%c for
Languedoc and By2<&loe lor paper-shell, Jobbing.
Peanuts, ti@6%c '? ft lor Eastern and — - for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nus. s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B@9c: Brazil Nuts,
B©lo, ■? ft: Cocoanuts. $4 50@& f. 100.
HONK -Fair demand for new crop. Comb
Is quotable at 10@12c V Ib for bright ana 8®
9c f Ib for lower^rades; water-white extwied,
6@5%c f. lb: light amber extracted, 4y 4 @4%c,
dark amber, 4c; dark, i:®:*ic.
BEESWAX— 25®. * B>-
PROVISIONS.
The market is quiet, with a weak feeling In
Hams.
CURED MEATS-Bacon is quotable at 6c ft
Ib for heavy. 7c fl Ib for light medium, 9c * Ib for
light, 10c for extra Haht and 12c » B> *>' .»?? a
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie »». tall;
lornla Hams. 9%c 9 lb: Mess Beet, $7 50ftj8.
extra mess do, $8 50(ai9; family do, $10 ': e « rn
prime Pork, $8 60@9; extra clear. $14 «» odi,
mess, $12 * bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c ft »>. _
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 51/4 C • Ib
for compound and 6V4c for pure; palls. 7%c
California tierces, 5c V »> for compound md 6c : tor
pure: half-bbls, 4 c; 10-lb tins, 7c; do »-tt>, 7U--.
COTTOLENE— 6®6V4c in tierces and 6»/t@7y 8 c
* lb in 10-lb tins.
UIOES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— No change whatever.
Heavy salted steers are quotable at 7@7y 2 c
fi Ib: culls and brands. 6@6y»c ¥ Ib: medium,
6@6y 2 c ft Ib; culls and brands. s@sy a c f. Ib: light,
6c; culls and brands, 4c: Cowhides. 5@5y 2 c; culls
and brands. 4<^v;,c: salted Kip, 6c * Ib; salted
Calf, 7<g)Bc: salted Veal, 6c; dry Hides, 10%@llc:
culls and bran ds,Bfflßyjc: dry Kip and Veal, B@>9c:
culls. 7c; dry Calf, 15c; culls. 10c; Goatskins.
20@35c each; Kids. sc: Deerskins, good summer.
30c; medium. 16@25c: winter, 7@loc; sheep
skins, shearlings. 10@15c each: short wool. i\ <a
3.'ic each; medium. 10(a.50c each; long wools, 50©
60c each. Culls of all kind- about yy 2 c less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3y 4 @3y a c: No. I,
3c; refined, 5y 2 (d53/4.c: reuse, 2%c 'if, tb.
WOOL-Contiuues stagnant. There are only two
Eastern buyers here and they are doing nothing.
It is hoped that some sales will be made when the
Humboldt and Mi-nrto<-ino;clip« appear, which will
be In a few days. Valley uregon Ib quoted at W$
10y 2 c: 0.0 lower grades. B@9Visc; Nevada, 6@9c;
San Joaquln and Southern Coast, six months. I©6.*;
San Joaquln, foothill, Rood to choice, 7&Bcj San
Joaquln, year's fleece, 4%®6y2u; northern free,
7to9c;do defective, s©oV a V lb. :
HOPS— Ii /2 tb. No business.
GENERAL WKKCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain iiaes, spot. $4 25; San
Quentln, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24y 9 @26y2C.
COAL— Wellington, $8 %^ton; New Wellington,
$8 , fl ton; Pouthfleld Wellington. $7 50 18 ton;
Seattle, $5@5 50; Bryant, $5; Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsend, $7: Scotcn, $7 50; BrymDo. *7 60;
Cumberland, $11@12 in bulk and $13@14 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite RUi $11 50; Welsh
Anthracite, $8: Cannel, $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 bO: coke,
$11@12 In bulk and $1» "3 ton in nks.
ANN KD ITS— New pack of Cherries, black
or red— 3-Ib extra. $2 60 9 dozen: 2y»-tb stand
ards, $1 65@2; seconds, $1 55(a»l 85. White Cher
rits—3-tb extra, s3@3 50; 2y 2*2 * standards. $1 90;d>
2 25. Peaches— Yellow, free, gallon pie. $2@2 50;
yellow cling, 2y»-lb standards, $1 25®. 10; .sec
onds, $1 10@l §0-/ gallon0 -/gallon Die, «2@2 50: white
cllntr. 2Va-lb StandarJs, $1 25<al 45. Apricots—
2 1/2- lb pie. 75@8jc: gallon pie, *2@2 25. crapes—
Gnllon pie, $-j.t<u 9 25. Raspberries— stand
ards, $1 35fail 80; seconds, $1 3<i{g»l_sr>. straw
berries—2y 2 -tt> standards, $1 35(a,l 75; seconds,
$1 Mitel 55.
CANNED VEGETABLE*— Tomatoes, 80c ft
dozen, 2V a -») tins. Peas, *I@l \Lb # dozen. ■ •- •.
COFFEE— We quote the ntaricet very quiet at:
costa kiua—l9@2ol/ 2 c for good to prime; 18®
19c for good mixed with black beam; 16%@
17 3 for fair; liiyi@l6yiic for common to ordi
nary.
Salvador— lß@l9Vic for good to prime washed ;
17i/i@l73/ic^ Ib for lair washed: 19%®20c for
good washed peaberry; 17yg@17s/8 c for superior
unuasbed: 16%@16%c tor «ood green unwashed;
19@19%c for good to prime unwashed peaberry:
GUATEMALA AND MEXICAN— 2O%@2I%C for
prime to strictly prime washed; 19 <ii@*uc for
good to strictly good washed: 17yi(ai8%c for ;air
washed; 16@17Vic for medium; 14y,t@15%cfor
ordinary; l*j@l4cfor inferior to common; 2UVi(g>
31c for good to prime washed peaberry: 19@19%c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
FlSH— Pacific Cod, catch of 1895: 1 00- cases
quotable at 6c '$ Ib; 50- bundles, 5c ¥ tb: Si'-er
King Strips, 8c %i lb: Narrow-Gauge do, 7c %4 tb:
Tablets, 80^ lb; *-eabri^ht Blocks, 7%c; Pacific
Herring. I8c«i box; Dutch do. *l@f 25 ft keg:
White Fish. SI CO in half-bbls and $1 75 In kits:
Tongues and Sounds, $14: Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$30; No. 2, $26; No. 3, $24: haif-hbls— 1,
fl2 60: No. a, $11: No. 3, $10; kits, Isa 1.52:
No. a, $1 60; No. 3, $1 50.
QUICKSILVER— Quoted for export at $34@36
V flask.
OIL— < alifornla Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 96c;
bbis, 80c at gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil in bblg. boiled, 48c: dn raw, 46c; cases, 5c
more; Lard oil. extra winter strained, bbls, 65c:
No. 1, 45c; cases, 5c higher; China Nut, $4 50®
$4 80 V case. ,
PETROLEUM AND GASOLINE— Stan
dard Oil Company quotes as follows: Water-white
foul oil, in bulk, lii%c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 19c;
Astral, d , 19c; Star, do, 19c; Extra Star I*ll. in
cases, 2;-! c: Elaine, do, 24c: Eocene, do,. 21c;
Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 14c; do, In
caite*. lst%c; 63° Deodorized Naphtha, in bulk,
13c: 63° do, in casts. 18 Vis*" 86° Gasoline, In bulk,
20c; 86" do, in cases,' 25c -ft gal. •
WHITE LEAD-Quoted at 6y c f, lb.
RED LEAD— Quotable at 6%c fl Iti.
TURPENTINE —In cases. 42c; Iron barrels,
37c; wooden barrels, 39c "#*. gallon.
CANDLES— Granite Caudles,. 6s, 16 oz,' are
quotable at 9 Vic; do, 14 oz, B%c; do, 12 oz, 7»4c;
da, 10 oz, 7c: Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16
8c: do, 14 oz, 714 c; do, 12 oz, 6y 2 c: do, 10 uz,
6%c; Paratline Wax Candles, white, Is, 2s, 4s, 6s
and 12s. 14 oz, 9c; assorted colors, same sizes, 10c.
LEATHER— Extra heavy Sole, is quotable at
26@'.i8c f. tt>: heavy Sole. 27c for No. 1 and 25c
for No. 2: medium Sole, 24@26c for No. 1 and 22c
ft It) for No. 2. Light sole. 23@24c for No. 1 and
20(g>22c f, fti for No. 2; Harness, heavy, 30@35c:
do, medium, 28c; do, light, '.'4(425c; Rough
Leather, 18@20c; Kips, *40@46 $ doz; Calf, 70®
90c; Rough Splits. 4@sc
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: cube, Ciusheu, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6y*c;
Confectioners' A, Sygc: Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra
C. 4%c: Golden C, 43/ g half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Blackstrap, 10c
* Km-
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MAKKET.
nogs are a trifle firmer. Other descriptions are
steady. Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— Firs: quality, sc; choice. syjC; second
ao, 4y 2 @134c: third do, 3y 2 @4c %» lb.
VEAL— Largo, 6@6c: small, 6@7c fl tt».
MUTTON- Wethers, s@s i/ a c: Ewe». 4@sc IS tt>.
LAMB-Sprlng lj»mb. 6@6c lb.
PORK- Live Hogs, 3c > Ib for large and 3t4@
38/, c for small and medium: dressed do, 4yi@6i.4c.
WOOD, 1.1 Mi: Xi:, TIES, ETC.
Posts. 9toloc each; Redwood, $5 t>. cord; Oak,
rough, $6 50: peeled, $9; P.ne, $5 75; Raliroad
Ties, 35c anlece for 6xß, 41c for 7xß and 46®50c
for 7x9.
1 ANBARK-sl4 fi cora.
LUMBER— Retail prices for pine are: No. 1
rough, $i:-!@l7 50 tor the different lengths; No. 2,
$11; No. 1 Flooring, $21@26; Lath, $2: Redwood,
$16 for No. 1 and $13 for No. 2; Rustic, $18<&23;
Shingles, common, $1 00; Shakes. $9 "<* M.
KECEIFTS OF PRODUCE.
for 24 BOOBS.
Flour, qr. sks 1 1.872 Butter, ctls 12f
oregou 7->2 Cheese, ctls 177
Wheat, ctls 9isEggs.doz 8,7h0
Bnrle; ,ctls 3,142 Hides, no 390
Oats, Or. ctls 745 Pelts, bdls 180
Beanß. sks. 1,511 Wool, bis 348
Potatoes, sks 1.262 Oregon 6
OregOD, sks 261 Wine, i;a!s 61,300
Onions, sks 940 Tallow, c< is 88
Bran, sks 1,387 Lumber. M f»«.. 10
Middlings, sks... 27n Qul< ksilver, fisks 20
Hay. tons 290 Chicory, bbls 26
Straw, tons 20
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Benjamin F. Butler to Mary Butler, lot on S line
of Greenwich street, 87:6 X of Laguna, X 25 by 8
80: gift. ■ : • . .
•Andrew B. McCreary to Louis Lew, lot on 8
line of Golden Gate avenue, 175 X of Lyon street,
X 25 by 8 137:6: ¥1675.
Nlcolau.i (or Nicholas) Bullerdleek to Bertha
Bullerdieck, lot on * line of Seventeenth street,
160 X of No., k 25 by 8 114; also lot on E line of
Guerrero street, 138 a of Fourteenth, E 140, SW
to point 158 S or Fourteenth street, \V 137 by N
85: also lots 22 and 23, block V, Park Lane
.lract map 2; gift. ; : ■' I
:. . Frank C. Dletterle and A. F. Greene (executors
estate of Helena Dietterle) to August Czipowski,
lot on I; line of Cnpp street, 40 S of Twenty-third,
824 by E 122:6; 92400. •
Franz O. Johanson to Thomas Green, lot on NE
line of Stanley place. 99:6 SE of Harrison street,
>E 25 by X?: 100: $10.
D. L: lllss to Bank of California, undivided 3A
of lot on HE line of Howard street, 200 SW of Sec
ond, 5W,75 by 8E 165; SlO. .'.,■• f
J. W. Nye to Henry Mohr, lot on E line of
Twenty-ninth avenue, 344 N of C street, N 62 by
E 120: ?10. '
Benjamin M. Gunn (administrator estate of Rob
ert W. (.iunn) to M. X. Uradeen. lot on E Hue of
I With avenue, 76 S of C street, S 26 by X 120;
»BUO. .*•■:'' ,- . 1 ....... . . . .
, Andrew and Lena Chrlstensen to George W. Ed
dlemon. lot on W. line of Pulaski street; 50 Hof
Hickory avenue, s 50 by W 70. lots 774 and 776,
Gift Map 2: $10. .>...-.
Jacob and Una Heyman (by Oscar Heyman, at
torney) to .la< ob K. Joining) n, lot on SE earner of
Sullivan and Jefferson streets, b 25 by E 70, lot
674, Gift Map 2; $10. • : - ; ■ '
. John and Annie i Fleischmau and Victorlna Zil
lig (nee Specht) 10 Henry.Knust, lot on RE corner
of Bronte street and Courtland avenue, E 23:4 by
S 77:9, lots 1186, 1188 and 1190. Gift Map 2; 980.
Maria M. Wentworth to Marguerite K. Phillips,
lot on SE cornerot' Humboldc aiid Hanover streets,
E7sby S 106:6, West End Honiestea 1 : 910.
Charles McCarthy (by JamM P- McCarthy,^at
toroey) to Valentine Schmidt, lots 8 and 9, diock
21, Lake View: 910.
AI.AMKDA COUNTY.
Charles P. Purintou to Nellie W. Purinton, lo;
on E line of Chesmut street. 206:11 sol Twent\
fiVst, S 50 by E 132. being lo:s 9 and 10. block. B,
Adeline-street pro. erty, uakland; jjlft.
Frunk O. and Mittie R. Watson to William J.
Reed, lot 0:1 E line of Market str?et 43 > of ;six
teenth, » 30, X 80, N 27, W 85 to beginning, being
block B, lands of North Oakland Homestead Asso
ciation, Oakland; 910.
Mary A. and Thomas M. Irwin to James M.
Shannon, lot on B line of West street. 60 N of
Twentv-sWenth or Park, N 60 by E 90, being < lot s
3 and 4, block 2024. Whitcher Tract Map A Oak-
U John TlHtus to same, lot 28, Lake Merritt Park
Tract, East Oakland: 910.
William P. and Alice F. Todd to same, same,
* James F. and Millie M. Reed to Winifred Moran.
lot 31, block C. Broadway and Telegraph-avenue
Park Tract, Oakland Township; $100.
Daniel E. Cotton to William M Catton. undi
vided half interest in lot on 8W corner of Third
and Bristol streets, W 108 by B 100. block 89.
tract B, Berkely L. and T. I. Association, Berke
ley; 910.
Builders' Contracts.
George H. Baker with J. A. McDonald AJ. B.
Clarke, carpenter work, etc., for a 2-story frame
building on the S line of Green street, Id I _:6 w 01
Baker; W. Mooser A Son, architects: 92170.
Dr. Julius Rosenstern with Joseph F. Forderer,
galvanized iron work and copper work for a o
story building on the NW corner of butter ana
Hyde streets; Salfield A Kohlberg, architects;
Dr. Julius Rosenstern with Otto Schroder, cast
and wrought iron work on same: same architects:
$3254
Mrs. Charles B. Stone with Andrew S. Hush, all
work fora 2-story dwelling-hoose on street,
near Scott; Edgar A. Mathews, architect; $oauo.
J. J. Siik and Westerlund A Sanden, to erect a
3-story building on the S cor. of Mission street j and
West avenue: W. Mooser A son, architects; »aiuu-
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Ogiboie, Los Angeles H Cleveland, Los Ang
P Allen, setma O P Lierltrld, New Haven
V Duranti, Purks Hill E Miller, Paries Hill
A «»ckett, Alaniecia W Hamolmunu, Modesto
J EEpherns. Housesville It H Durnun, Gilroy
E Sevctlaiid, Portlano. H S llolcomb, bt Paul
X C Moury, Victoria E H Downey, \ ictoria
J Annstroug, Ciucinnati W A chinson,. Hagstafl
J Hurley, Flagstaff li o Murray, Ohio
F H Sielle, Los Angeles
LICK HOUSE.
S T Black, Sacramento X Casper, Nevada City
II W Stacey, New York E CapnMo, Mudera
W E Tuft, Alameda W A Day, Alameda
PI. Phelan. Marsh-Held (' R White. Idaho
T B l^mb, San Diego B J Cole, Seattle
it S Stocking, san Diego E L Dutnter, Golconda
*- » Smith, Portland Mrs Dutuier, Golconda
E P Coigan, Sacramento J U Webb, Fresno
Mrs J JJ Koss, Fresno Miss 1 Anderson
h. L l'bompson. stocktn E W Allen, t>«u Jose
Mrs H WiUun, Oakland L R Henderson, Sonoma
J B Hendetsou. sausaUto W R Keller, Denver
H D C Bomuard, B Cruz G H Fuucher, Merced
W Grady.Modesta I W Williams, S Rosa
.1 S Ma-mion, l^os Ang H Sandors, ban Die».o
B J Sunders, SauaaJito W Watson Aw.Alameda
T Duncan, uakland
GRAND HOTEL.
J E Brownlee, Vallejo H Rowe Aw, Melbourne
W V Brown, l exas S S .\atliau. Sacramento
W L Woodley, <'.il Z Bartlott, Ukiaii
M i hrlstensen, Rio Vista T Butler, San Jose
M E Gilbert, Santa Cruz J Strong, Sauta Cruz
A H Ltekyer, L Angeles X Burns, Chicago
X H Jef>sup. Kiverside ZVV Burxiham, Chicago
Ut F M Roth, Siicto M F Cooper, Sacto
Miss M L Raymoiid, Cal H it tt Meyers, Cal
A .1 Hudson. S'.ocktou X Harris, ■ acramento
O G Kyle, Blue island R H Mltc.ieil, -5 Kosa
J A Bishop, Selma H Prlnz, Monterey
W V Wilson, Mexico W It Scuae del & wf. Cal
J Heninungway .Chicago C E siiej aid, Seattle
V J Solmsky, cal X vlvord, Voilejo
C Jaeobson. Sasua Ana Mr Brown A wf, Cai
B R Smith, Portland P M Thomas, Oufclund
II I) (handler, Cal H Q BoyU, Vacaville
J Marren, Lovelock G H Thomas. Keiroit
J W HouHton, Courtland b. E A very A wf Sacto
R McCarthy A w, h Jose P A Bue.ll, Btocliion
J H Contollne. S. Helena
PALACE. HOTEL.
8 Ullmao, NY CO Webber, St Louis
A X M Brown, wf, Spok J 1 rown, N V
J if Kinkead, Nevada C W Fogc, Colorado
M Stein. Mesclco X oweet, si Louis
O W Lee A wf, Del y W Noli, Shanghai
W L Breyio^le. Louisv J E Boyd. Omaua
L S Dennv, London J S 1 alruuirn. Oxford
J Windsor, India H E Waite, Birmingham
N Yanageka, Japan S lio^.awa, Japan
G t ooudman, wf, Napa W H W>man, 1 anada
W R Nuilisan, Toronto H W Poner, Chicago
Wi> Keffoot, vliicago E W Taller, N V
W R Harrington, St L 8 Irwin Jr, L'S N
P L Shuman, Chicago 1H B ircdorff. U8 N
Wm Lacy Jr, La W li Ai..eru«, U S f«
CC Reynolds, i.a W A Kennedy, La
J A Plrne, La W F Wilshire, Coving ton
J M. Burkmasier, liostn W H Power*. Chicago
RCSS HOUSE.
O H Hoag. Santa Rosa R F Hesdelson, Oakland
J B Wasbbal, uakland M Lynch, a lambda
Curls Semer, Wash J M MHytield, nutherford
L Rlpley, N V D Mccarty, N V
Miss L Snephard.Tornto Mrs Kit sen, Toronto
Wm S 1 udd, -to.kton A B Ports, San Bernar
G W Tavener, Lovelock Mm S M Ta.-lor. dtr, lidg
A A Whitney , La \V H Muzer, Long Bch
F Atwood. Seattle W B Ftscht r. Or
C Johnson, wf, Louisv J Kerfoot, Ferndale
J J cnishOini. Byron Sp J 0 tiraves. Byron Sp
J Gaypp, San Jose W Crim. AUimeda
W \V Barn<i. Hanford H A Uaruis, Plfasanton
F SulliVkn A w, Stockton MrsK'l Mooney.Milelena
N M White, Porterville S Vanler, Guernevllle
N C Broun, Winters* N I (tlit^ert, Fresno
Mrs J COulton. Virginia X E Buird A wf. Sanger
F W Townsend, Ohio J Twohy, Denver
E Asher, Winuemucca H Babcock. Hopland
1- lla Davis, Neor sKa W oeary. Saota itosa
M Matheivs.l-asAiueles J Reed. Los Angeles
C Hi'miey, Los Angeles A Rubens;ein. Frvsoo
H Goodman, Fresno J Johnson. San L Obispo
T Uoyd, Grass Valley J P Hame. Souora
BALDWIN HOTEL.
M L Sallac, Lake Tahoe Mrs N Alversou, L Tnhoe
W H Romanic, NY P B McCabe. New Yori
DrL Leach, Fresno Mr Thornton Hamberg
Mrs X Emerson, Cai N B Baker, Astor a
B Burnch san Salvador J KlorJan A «r, Cal
M eergen, Sau Jose M Freeman, San Jose
F S Goodman A w, N V S Landers, California
B Benjamin, California L J Starr, Stockton
L L Warford, Seattle Mrs II Scott, Va.iejo
F A Bonner, Sacramento C) B Hastings. New York
1' A Jones, San Diego T Miller, Portland
T Rickerson, 8t Paul R J Mahoney. Santa Cruz
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Comstocks declined materially yesterday,
the best prices being from 15c to 35c below those j
of Monday. '1 he highest figures were at the open-
Ing; from that on the market fell all day.
Kentuck is assessed 6c. .
The South Idaho Consolidated of Nevada County |
has declared a stock dividend of 10 per cent. The
company is collecting an assessment of 1 percent
per share.' ._.........;
The capital mock of the Mutual Electric Light
Company, amounting to 27,100 shares, has been
listed at .hi- Mock and Bond Kxchange. and is
quoted at 3% bid and & asked. ' *
The San Francisco Savings Union. ha* declared a
dividend of 4.32 per cent per annum on term de
posits and 3.60 per cent on ordinary deposits, pay
able July 1. ■ • . . ■ \i .-.; -•■ ■■.•'-
Ass«eiaiiienTa Pending.
' Following Is a list of assessments now pending:
BOAKk >ALKS. ■
Fotlowln* wer« th» »*>•« ■'» ' '•>• »»B Pr»rtotM« !
Store Board yosterdav;
KKMITI.AR MOBNIVO OKAS rfl«llf.yot"«l 9:TI j
300 Alpha IH|3OO CCAV...2.36 100 Ophlr... 1.60 i
800 Andes... .381100 ...... ..2.3d 200 0vrmn....27
500 8e1cner....72 480 2.26 400 ... ....26 '
160 8A8... .1.10 250 Conn ...1.25 1011 Pot M 1... 1.46
50 :... 1.051400 CrwnPt.,63 250 ....:. 1.50 1
200 P.odie 65 50 ....... ..'...65: 600 Sava«...2 00
50 Bullion... Exchqr...Oß . 2.05
200 ........... 28 160 AC ...1.251100 See 8e1.. .16
600 Caleda.... 19250 HdtN... 2.06 200 5Nev....90 i
300 Ch011.. .. 2.80 .2.00250 Union ...91 i
100 2.801450 Mxcn...95100 :..'... .....90 !
150 .<.... '.:..2.7&1»60 Occdt. 1 .. 1.35 20') Utah .....16
'^00ConNY..09l 50 1.40166U V Jaclct..6O '
500 Con 1m....03 200 Ophlr. . 1 .65 .' ' - ;
mi-RNOOX RKflRIOV— ?:11.
100 Alpha. ... 16 400 CCV 2.15 460 Occidtl..l.Ss
100 Altn 16100 2.20 200 0ph1r. ..1.60 I
200 Blchr «5 100 C0urt... .1.15 200 ..........1.56
200 Benton ...16900C0H 1m.. .02:0) Ovrmn.. 23 J
300 £ A 8. . 1.06:200 C Point... 56 7U0F010M...
200 ..;.... '.: 1.00 200 .; 69 450 ....... .1.40 !
200 Bodle 61 200 Bxchqr. ..oß6 '0 8ar......1.90 !
700 60300 GAC....1.1L1200 1.85 j
100 Bullion... 26 200 ....1.20 100 See 8..... 17
50 ...; 26200 HAN...2.Oijl'io Uni0n.. ..86
500 Caleda ....17 100 Justice.. ..oslloo ......... 85 '
60 ...;.. ...... 15 200 Mex....;.88501» YJaokst'..s7
250 Chour... 2.76 100 .....87 100 V...V...55
450 ......... 2.70 1500ccd.... 1.30 600 66
600 ... .....2.66 I
.following wer« to* sales in to* Pact Ho dtoolc
»caru }*stet(iav: ... . .
BKnnr.AW"T^«<iov— lo:Ti, .■ :
300 A1pha;.... 18300 CCAV...2.251500 0phir....1.70
250 Alta. 18:150 C0nf1.. ..1.251100 ;.„.. .1.67%
300 Andes.. ..39'flOOC N Y'...:0PJ300 ... lag
800 Belcner...7O 360 Crwn Pi.,.62 300 ... :.J.62% I
auo 691100 681100 ".......US
100 B &8...1.181.00 ...,.....,.6l!200 0rrmn....25 i
300 ..........l.lo:2OO mi 50 1.40 I
100 1.121,, i 600 fcxcnqr...O«'4sO ...... 1.45
200 i ......1.07%00004C....].30;600
100 Bodie 50,700 .......1.27%'300 ... . 1.02% I
200 ...........54WJ H&N2.07%300 .. ..1.9712
2508n1110n.. .281200 ......... 2.10 600 Y.V-Jw
JOOCaled 60 ...... 2.05 1UQ...1 90
400 ...... 18 500 Justice.. »lo 300 8 B&'il 16
150Cha11n5...42 Kentuck..o62oO B Nt. 91
200 Ch011r..2.85i10J Mexn...:. 200 '"Is
200 2.82V 2 100 ::-r;;:::^!iSo Union 13" 95
500.... 2.80200 95150 Bo
1150 2.75300 ..OillOO "' """' IS
200 .2.771*100 91500 Utah 15
100 CCV.J.42% 100 ...... V....90250 V JaOJC«:. # 56
160..........a.40p00ccd1...l i 36|a00.........V..58
*»0 ...V.301 I
. .'. At TEBNOON S KSSIO ***.-— 2: *
300 A10ha... '..17i350 Chollr ...2.75,350 Occldtl-1.25
500 Alta 16-100 2.72% 200 .......l;27V'a
ICO Andes 36400 CC&V. 2.1 0i450 0ph1r....
40«) 8e1cher... 67 500 ..........2.20 200 ..... 1-55
400 848....1.05 100 C0nn... .1,20 700 ..... .1.57%
350 1.00 100 C NY 05 600 Overman. 2rf
500 ......1.07% 'Point. .56:800 P0t051.4'2%
100 1.02V a 200 Exchqr...' 9 700 Savi.l.H7V a
i7OO 80die.. ..bit ,200 G&C.1.17% JOO 1.&
600 Bullion... '-5 300 ..'.■._. 1.22% 300 Scorpion..o9
300 '......'.....27 .;....... 1.20 200 58AM....15
400 26300 H<JtiN 2.o2%'sso S Ny 86
200 8u1wer...27 200 Julia 1. 1500 Sll Hi 11. ..05
600 Caleda.... 17|400 Justice. ..lo|2oO Union... 86
150 Chalice... Mcx 90;*50U V Jckt....55
300 ChllrV.67Vi,i2oo ......'...•. .87 300 ....66
200 2.70|200 88 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, June IB— 4 H. v.
Biti.A*l:erl. Bfd.Al/Md.
Alpha Con. ... 15 18Jolia — 15
Alta. 14 16Justlce. 04 06
\udes 33 35 Keiuuck — 04
Belcher 65 66 Lady Wash.. .. 04 05
Best <fcßelcherl.Os 1.10 Mexican 88 89
BcntOD C0n.... 15 29 Mono 05 —
Bodle 60 53 Nevada Queen - 05
Bullion 25 atf Occidental. ...1.23 1.30
Bulwer 27 — Opbir 156 1.60
Caledonia. 17 18 Overman 24 25
Choilar 2.70 2.75 Pouwi 1-40 1.45
Con.Cal.ftVa.. 2.ls 2.2oSavage 1.85 1.90
Challenge Con. 38 40Scorpio*i 09 iU
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Se^. Belcher. .. IB 17
Confidence.... 1.10 — jSvndicaUi 04 05
Con New York - Odlsilver Hili.. .. - Oo
Crown Point... 60 6l|Sierra Nevada. 85 86
EastSlerraNev — 0611'nionCon 85 86
Exchequer.... 08 09|i;tah 12 13
Gould ACurry.l.2o 1.251 Yellow Jacket. 68 67
Hale A Norcr.s 2.0* 2.10!
GOLD MINING EXCHAXRK.
200 Amalfe 250 700 Lockwood Con.. 36
Champion Providence
8id.... 20 00 4sked. 80 00
Anked 25 00 100 Savannah..... „ 40
600 Edna 35.100 41
3800 30100 ~ 42
lOOGranu 13100 43
Kennedy 300 - 44
Bid... .1000700 •... 4&
Asked. 00100......... ~ 46
Keystone. .. LO') Sebastopol 49
Bid: 6500 ! 400 - 60
800 Lockwood Con . S6l
LOCAL. BKOCBITnW.
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Works 90
Asked 60 Tuscarora Water 6 76
Bid 50 San Francisco Gas. 94 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. June 16—2 P. M.
tINITED BTA-TE9 BONDS.
Hid. Axked.\ Bid. Asked.
U3 4scoup..lOßy± - iU S4s reg...109% —
Do new issue — 117%!
mscKi.i.ANKOfi novus.
Ca:-stCbless. — 113 Pacßoll - —
CalElecL6s — 122% Do 2d Is 65.. . — —
CntraCW6s — 97 P*ORv6s.los 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 90 100 P4ChRv6-». - 11-7
EdsnL*P6s — 12ay ? Pwl-«t RRB». — lie l^
F*OHKK6s.IO4Vs! — Reno, WUtL - 1.5
Gtary-stß6s.loiy a los Sacto P&L. - 102 Vi
LosAngLC-s. — 100 |SF*N PR is. 101 101%
DoGnteed6s — 103 SPRRArizfls — 96%
Mkt-siCble6*l2S — SPRRCaI lOtJ^lll
DoKyConss..lo4a4los SPRKCa! ss. — —
NatVintfslst 95 100 |SPBrRCaI6s. 89%100
NevCNgß7s. »» 106 ,SV Wateibs.. — 119%
NPCRR6S.IO4 108 SVWater4s.. 99 99y a
NKv Cal 6s. 103% - StktnG*E6s - 100
NRyCalss. — 100 SunstT<feT6 5 100 —
Oak Gas ss. .101 104y Sutter-stR5s.W7% —
D 0 2dls6s.. - 106 |VlsallaWC6s - 9i
Omnibus us. 1181,4 — ■ |
J, ,' ■•'■■ WATER STOCKS. .'
Contra Costa 37 — |Han Jose — —
Marln C 0.... 60 — |S) rng Valley 98 98Vi
CUM •COCKS,
Capital....... 20 27 Pacific Ll?ht 40V, —
Central 95 — iSan Francaco 91% 943^
OatiiLtll 52 §2 V» Stockton. .... — 2iy 8
PacGaslmp. 85i,i 80%
• INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flreman — |Sun 25 50
COMMERCIAL BASK STOCKS. i
Amerß*TC. — ! — LondonP&A.l2B%l3o
Anplo-Cul 6134 _ London&.^F. — 27%
8an^0f .239 241 Merch Ex... 12 —
<al s D&TCo 5414 - Nevada — —
FlrstNaaonl.l7B 183y 2 [Sather B Co. — —
Grangers.... — — |
HAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
OerSALCo.IB7S 1415 SavA Loan.. — 100
HumhS<feL.llOO 1450 Security 250 260
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 7so 800
bFSavUnion — 490 {
BTRKKT BAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 108 — Oak SUtllay — 100
Geary-sL — 55 Presidio 7 —
Market-5t. . . . 45 45%Sutter-st — —
POWDEK STOCKS.
Atlantic D... — lHi/g Giant C0n.... 24% 25
Eastern D... — 81 iJudson 1i.... — —
California.... 75 — 'Virorit. — 1
: MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. -;-i.
Alaska Piers. - 96y,iNat Vln Co.. 76 85
BlkPCoslCo. — ■ 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 31 %
Cal Cot Mills - — PrcAoxFA 1 -
Cal Dry Dock — — FacßoifixOo. 98 100
Edison L1ght119%120% Pacßoll Mill - —
GaaCouAssn. — — jParf PaintCo 6% 7V»
Ger Lead Co. 86 — PacTr nsCo. — 24
ITswCASCo.. 20 21 Pac TAT Co 55 70
Hutch S PCo 241/4 24% Sunset T*T. 41 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 .United C Co. — 25
ii E!ec Light 3% 5 '■
BAI.KH— MOR.NIXa BFISIM
Board—
60 Market-st Railway..... , 45 00
10 do . do 45 12%
100 V Water P8 00
Street— •
* :;000 Marke-st Railway Con 5% Bonds 105 00
100 SFGas!l?ht 94 25 .
16 8 V Water.. ....... ..„: 98 00
• • SALES~AFT*RNfX»f SKSSrO.V.
Board—
2 Edison Light <fe Power Co 120 50
25 Hntchinson -< P C 0.:..:...;....; 24 25
50 Market-st Railway 46 25
11 F Gaslight 94 50
IS V Water.......' 97 60
60 do :do : ; "98 la%
Street— ■. •
12 Giant Powder Con 24 75
THE CALL CALENDAR.
IXJVM. 1896
OCEAN STEAMERS
I)»te» of Departure from San FranoUco.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
I. *. COAST ano UkOUBTIO SPBVKT Trr>»i
. Bri.I.KTIS PCBLISHKO BY OFFICIAL V
A ITTnOBITV OK TRI SUPKRrXTKXDIt.VT. )
Wednesde.v, June 17.
SunrlSM 4. 48 Moon rises
Sunsets 7.361 Moon sets.. '.'.'... 11 60p m
-notk— In th;- above exposition of the tides the
♦arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In tba
order of occurrence at to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
lime column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column give* the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th«
belght, and then the number given Is subtractlv*
from the deotb Klren br the cnarta
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch HydrogbapkiciOffice, U. S. N -k
Merchants" £Xckanok. ■ I
. san Francisco June 16, 1896 i
The time ball on Teleeraph Hill was aronp?<l
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., it noon of the l"Otb
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. mA Greenwich time
A.F. Fkcktki,kr.'
■ Lieutenant V ■-. N in charge
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived. \
TUEBOAY. June 16
H B M. stmr Comas, Dyke, It day f rom San
Diego. ' 4A'-
Br stmr Coptic, Sealby, 35 days from Hon^
Kong, via Yokohama 17 days, via Vonolnht »,,„*'
1 l noarjand 15mln; pass and mds<\ too<fcn«
8 Co. ■ a ■ ' °* ' s
Stmr Arneo. Conw*v. 39 hours from Coo* r
pa*< and nirt.se. to Oregon Coal and Na. |n. *'
Stmr Corona. Hall, til hours fr«ra Han ni
and way ports: pass ana mdse, 'oO«odali,p iJ^
<k Co. runs
Stmr Rival. Johnson, 15 hours from Vnr ,
Bragg: iurnber, to Samuel Blair. \ ort
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. 74 hours from Port'.n*
via Coos Bay and Eureka; pass and ui-i ,-.,,,.
A N* Co. i v *-"
Br ship st Mungo. Hamilton. 136dav»f,« m
Lloyd'ses 877 tor - s coa;> 381 tOM V^^
Bark Anreona, Van Dab crn, 4% lava f rnm
Willapa Harbor: inmocr. to Simpson Luinbi/r
Scbr Mary Bidwell, Wilson, 5 days froi °ii,ut
River; 95 Mft lumber, to iJeadle & Co. °' USUw
Cieareil.
TUESDAY. Jsne 18.
Slmr Australia, Houdlette, Honolulu- I rv
Spreckels A Bros Co. ;,r \" D
Stmr North Fork. Hansen, Eureka- Chari..
Nelson. *.* .. Brles
stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria: Oregon Railway
and Nay Co. *
StmrMineota, Pillsbury.Tacoma: Pacific Im Co
Kr ship Cromdale. Andrew. London; J J Moore
SnlpGlor.- of the Seas, Freeman. Nanalmo- r
Dnnsmnlr & Sons. - ' n
Schr Falvon, White, Unalaska; c J UendrVm
Bon <fc Co.
\-n (•■:
TUESDAY, June 18.
Stmr Australia. Houdlette, Honolulu.
Stmr St Paul. Green, San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsr. Leiand. s»n-a Cras.
Bark Ho Us wood. Knigb:, Puget Sound
Schr Etta I!. Madse.i. Fort Hoss.
Schr Coquelle. Pearson, Coqullle River
Scbr Gotama. Bnssem, Coos Bay.
Schr Ai,bu-. Hausen.
Schr Mary Ktta, Wetzel.
Schr Mary c. Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Guide, Olson. Grays Harbor.
«.'liarter*.
= . The Earl of D-lhousie loais lumber on the
Soun 1 for Melbourne, Adelaide or Port lirer c 4Oi—
prior to arrival. ' 3
Telejfrap'iic.
POINT LOBOS. Juno 10-10 p. m.- Weather
hazy wladSW: ve!oity. 14 uiioi ve »"i9"-
SpoKt).
May 17-Lat '.'I B. lon. 40 W. ship Jam - Nes
mini, from New York, -or Oregon.
June 6— Lat 44 N. Ion? 35 W, G.>r shir* c H Wat
jen, henc • Feb 20. for Que^ns:own.
Juue6— La .\, long 35 W, Br bark Samar
kand, from Oregon, for Qoeenstown.
May 16-La- 52 8. long 28 W, Br ship Lyder
horn, lrom Cardiff, for Santa Rosalia.
>lim>e!lane«m«.
LONDON. June 15-Eieo-y guineas premium
pa.U lor reinsurance on the Br baric Carabusdoon
from Java for Vancouver.
I'oinc.^tic Ports.
TATOOSH— Passed June 15-9tmr "matilla,
heuce June IS, 'or Victoria; Norstmr Peter Jeb
sen, from Ban Di-so. for Xanaimo. June IH— sira
Progreso. lrom Seattle, for San Francisco; stmr
Mackinaw, from Tacoma, for San Krancisco
POINT ARE VA - Arrived June 16-Stmr
■WhKesooro, Deuce June 15.
YAQCINA ItAV-Arr,vea June 16-S!mrFaral
lon. ;ie;iT Jun ■ 18, via Enri-ta.
URAYS HAKBOR-Salied June 16-Schr Maid
of Orleans, tor San Francisco: schrs Metancthon,
Ida McKay and Chas R Wilson, for San Fran
cisco.
SOUTH EEXD- Sailed June 16-9tmr Sunol.
for San Fra->ci«c->.
GREENWOOD- Arrived June 16-S:mr (ireen
wooil, hence June 15.
NEWPORT— SaiIed June 16-Stmr Caspar, ior
Kedonda
i'OKT BRAGG— Sailed June 16-Stmr Jewel, for
San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived June 16-Stmr Navarro,
from tCureka.
EUREKA— SaiIed June 16— Stmr Pomona, for
Han Francisco.
NAVARRt— Arrived June 16— Stmr Point
Arna, hence June 15.
PORT BLAKELEY-Arrived June 16-Schr J F
Mil'er. hence Jun 1
POINT ARENA— Hailed June 16-Stmr Alca
tra*. for Francisco.
l\ EkSKNo landing- sailed June 16-Scbr
Ocean Spn».-, for San Fraacisso.
SAN DlEOO— Arrived June 16-Stmr National
City, from Eureka.
Foreign Ports.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 4-Blttn Irmgard.
hence Mar jj4: Br stmr Monowal, hence May '28.
June 7— Br stmr Warrlmoo. from Victoria; »chr
Spokane, from Port Gamble: ship Commodore, r'm
Sydney. Jane B— Brstmr Coptic, from Yoko
hama.' .•■'-" » — •-
Sailed June 3— BKtn Jane L Stanford, for Port
Townsend: brig Win G Irwin, for Han Francisco.
June 6— Brstmr Monowai, lor Sydney; Us stmr
Adams, forLahaina and target practice; Haw stmr
Kauului, tor Kahulni to load for San Francisco;
Haw bark Andrew Welch, for Sao Francisco.
June 6— Jap stmr Tanwan Mara, for Kobe. June
7— Br stmr Warrimoo. tor Sydney; Br ship corolla
Is up to leave to-day In ballast for Port Townsend;
ship J B Thomas may sail this week for Boston
with sucar.
AUAPULCO— Sailed June 14— iStmr San Jose,
for San Francisco.
• «HANGUAI-Arrived June 15— Bktn Willie R
Hume, for Port Townsend.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed June 14— ship Flint
shire, for Birkenhead.
Arrived June 15— Ital ship Krancesca Ciampa,
hence Feb 29.
PANAMA— SaiIed June 13— Stmr Colon, for Sau
Francisco. r . . -..
CARDlFF— Arrived June 15-Br bark JW Bur
mester, from Oregon.
FLEETWOOD-Arrlved June 15-Br bark Glf
ford, from Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 26- Yacht Tolna,
from .-ydney. bune Id— Br stmr Empress of India
from Vancouver.
HONGKONG— Arrived June 15— Brstmr China,
hence May 20. ■ ,;.-:•
KlN'RALE— Passed June 15— Br ship Wayfarer,
hence Jan 29.' for Liverpoo ; Nor bark Nordlyget,
hence Jan 29, for Qu pens town.
import at mix.
PAN DIEOO— Per Corona— l pkg picture fran><»^,
1141 bxi lemons. 1 cs corsets, 2 cits bicycles, 2 > 1
ilr.v woods, 100 cs mineral water, 1 sk saddle and
bridle. 1 ba_< peanuts, 1 ox raisins, 7 sks pean. \r
cs salmon, 1 soap press, 'i cs tobacco, 'M> pkes
md«, 5 bxs times. 1 ox hams. 1 bbl sad irous, 117
pcs curbing, 116 bxs oranges. 6 cs honey.
Newport — 1 bale belting. » rolls leather. 6 sk*
chill peppers. 485 bxs oranges, 20 bxs lemons.
Port Los Angeles— l lot household furniture. 30
bxs lemons, 15 bxs tomatoes, 35 bxs squash.
Redondo— l6o bxs orangis, 62 bza lemons, 1 ox
shoes.
Los Angeles via Redondo— 2:l pkss mdse. 2 cs
crackers. 1 bicycle, 1 crate coffee, 1 cs B flaxes, 3
bxs hardware. 20cs honey.
Los Angeles via Por- Los Angeles— l csbAskets,
1 bale insect powder, 2 crts 2 cs sewing machine*.
93 C 3 bottles, o pkgs mds?, 25 i!rums cheese. 75 cs
soap. 10 bxs oranses, 30 bxs lemooi, lescaud..
16 cs glnater ale, 35 cs cor:i, 1 cs dried aiipi.'"-.
Santa Barbara— l bx lamps, 1 pki; whips, Ibx
hardware. 1 cs wine, 98 bxs lemons 6 pkc* md»>'.
l'ort Harford— so bdlg hides ahd pe.ts, 6cans 1
bbl tallow, 1 bx notions, 2 bxs type, 6 pkarn mdse,
37 dressed calves, 3 coons poultry, 511 sks beans
34 dxs fish. 1 bx elasiware, 1 bx mantels, 1 b«
tllf>», 87 cs««gi£B. 2 tirklus 95 bxs butter, 1 bx
cheese, 8 bales wool.
COOSBAY-Per Araso-6 sks bark, 1 sk seed. 1
bx 56 tubs buuer, 7 cacheese, 4 skswool, Vs bbl
8-rup, 28 pkgs mdse, 11 rolls leather, 30 bdls salt
hide*. 261 sks potatoes, 40 M ft lumber 4 piles. «
pki;s express. 3 sks coin, 750 tons coal.
Port Orford— l sk wool. ;^2 bbls » bxs butter, 1
pkc <-x!<ress, 1 pkg coin. 9 pkgs mdse.
HONGKONG, ETC— Per Coptic— llo pkgs beans.
66 nkirs lish. fowl, etc, IL'B'2 pkgs matting. 38 pkRS
slik (,'oodn, 13 parcels, 2i»92 pKgs tin. 16.338 'Pkss
sugar. 390 pkgs coffee, 263 pkgs curios, 3- 1 P"«s
oil, 1031 pkiss tea. 5167 pkgs rice, iBS» P"*»
Overland-12 pk«ts silk (foods. 23 parcels. 132
pkscs curios. 256 pkgs raw silk, 1250 pk«s tea. 3iU
C?n?raf and South America-51 pkg» silk good*,
2 pkKB curios. 1000 pkgs rice. 469 pkfr» mdse.
PORTLAND- Per Arcata-2215 sks wheat.
Coii«iirnoA«.
Per Arago-Wm Cluff ACo: Boss* "«"»•"!
Cal Bottling Co: Dodge. Sweeney &Co:Patlfic sup
pi/Co; Get. Bros* Co: Wells. Fargo &Co C M
VolKman; Marshall, Te art A Co; Marshall *
Relmers: Hllmer. Bredhoff * >chulr., F I ' H[»m
mond: llilUßrov. Thomas Loughran :J«cobson &
Fredericks : Smith' 3 store: * ' "/■««'»• J £
Johnson * Co: W B Sumner * to: O C *W
B Dean & Co; Bandon Woolen miUs; J V Worth
lTe°rCo^Uc-Konn*P«>» and American Bank;
8 L Jones A Co- California and Japan Trading Co;
Alexander Center- John FSlebe: Bwaynt> & Hovt:
Gotdbe'rgtßoweri Co: A Schilling A Co; Anglo
r»iifnrnia. Bank" The Fuji Co: P M 88 Co: Daniel
Mever AU \Vielacd; KB Bain: J O Blanch
M*J BrVinden?le!» & Co: Parrott A Co: A C Robin
son; Mattoon a D insiado: order: J A FolgerACo:
V A Wheeler; Wm P Lewis.
Per forona-Mliwaukee Brewery: San Fran
cisco breweries; Pacific Ammonia A Chem Works;
Dairvrnlu's 1 'ion: Herman Conn: W B Ores
nold- Luscomb A Isaacs: E C Sterns A Co: W C
Price A Co Hllmer Bredhoff A Son; F A Robbing
Press Co- M P Kohlberi?; Gould A Jardlne: Stand
ard Fruit Co; Hall. Lunrs A Co; H O Greentiood;
Pace A Son- Lev. Mrauss & Co; Grey A Barbaria;
L seatena* 10; Wet more Bros; Harney A Click:
Wolf A Sons; W E Stevens; C B Rode A Co; Alli
son Neff&Co; Ivancovicn A Co: M Grant; Hall
A Chamberlain: Adams A Sons; Nash A Bros:
Bell A Co: Galli Fruit Co: Levu, Spelgol A
Co; Southern California Fruit Co; A J Miles:
Kowa'sky A Co; Buckingham A Hecht: a
Owen- Wood. Curtis A Co; C w Chamberlain; C W
Slooom:G Gibson; American Biscuit Company;
ire:by Smelting A L Co; J N Benton; B Sparks;
Porter Bros Co; F G Lucas: Kohler A FrohUng;
Glen Ellen Wine Co: W F Mitchell A Co; McDon
Runyon: A Fleischker: A Vignier A 10:
Haas Bros: Simon Ledser A Co: Columbus l^u^gy
Co: Allen A Lewis: Slelner, Strauss A H sstrausi:
Wheaton, Breon & Co; C E Whitney A Co; Ku-s,
Sanders & Co; Indianapolis Furniture Co: *> Levy:
John Taylor: W W Montague A Co: Wntson «
Co: California Bottling Co; -M T Frritas A Co; J
M Moore: Norton, Teller A B: H N 'lllden: Getz
Bros; J Hoffman; Bngham, Hoppe A Co: V. estern
Meat Co; Marshall A Reimer: L D Stone A to;
Erlanger A GaliDger: Phillips Br< Pacific coast
I Fish Co; Mllaini A Co: O Camalliona: America
Union Fish Co: S if Fluh Co.
i LOU. Shipping intelligence See Nineteenth. Pace,STILL BEATING
HIS CHILDREN
Terrorist Young Is Again
Threatened With
Arrest.
MORE COMPLAINTS MADE
The '• Orders of the Lord " Are
Now Carried Out in a
Barn.
SMALL VICTIMS OF "HOLINESS"
Opinion General That the Crank
Preacher Needs to Be Officially
Restrained.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 16. f
A complaint was made to the Children's
Society of a case of peculiar behavior at
Twenty-third avenue. When it was inves
tigated by Mrs. Preacott it was with much
surprise that she found it was another case
against Rev. F. F. Young, ■ the terrorist"
and whole holiness man whose teachings
were responsible a short time ago for
breaking up the home of Lieutenant Lasher
in East Oakland.
When driven out of the Fruitvale home
of the Lashers by the influence of the
threats of a local body of whitecaps, who
called themselves the "Solid Twenty,"
Young moved his family to Lynde street,
on the top of the hill and about two blocks
from the terminus of the East Oakland
Ilailroad. The nearest neighbors to where
the terrorist now resides are the residents
of Poulson castle.
Young has not been heard of for a few
weeks, but the residents in the neighbor
hood of Lynde street heard such an un
usual amount of children's crying that
they made an investigation. They re
monstrated with the father, but were not
aware of the previous notoriety of their
new neighbor, but now that they are ap
prised of it they intend that it shall cease.
Young has eight children, and when the
Lord tells him that they must be pun
ished, the call is obeyed with enough vigor
to make the children wish their father was
an atheist.
His present mode of punishment is to
take the child to be whipped into the barn
and lock the door and there belabor the
child with clubs and straps, while the ag
onizing screams cau be heard for blocks
sway.
His nearest neighbor, a German lady,
Mrs. Swagerman, last Friday heard Young
thi ashing one of his small boys, and took
the opportunity of tnreatening him with
arrest for acts of cruelty, which have
lately become very frequent.
Notwithstanding that the secretary of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children of this city has warned him to
desist his abusive whippings, under pen
alty of being arrested, Young defiantly
pursues his own ways and sneeringly
boasts "that if neighbors are going to dic
tate to him how he shall discipline his
children he will move back to the Indian
reservation in Washington, where he waa
for years a missionary, where he can use
the rod as his conscience dictates."
One time Young beat his son Claude
with a cowhide until the blood ran down
his legs. The next time he was choked
and beaten black and blue.
The boy claimed protection of the neigh
bors and through Mrs. Prescott received
it. He has left home and is living with a
Baptist family in East Oakland.
Mrs. Prescott was called upon yesterday
to investigate the case for the protection
of the eight younger children from their
father's conduct, which is indorsed by the
mother, who is also a religious fanatic who
believes Young an "infallible saint of
God" who is directed in these deeds of
cruelty by the Holy Spirit.
The case of this preacher of "Whole
Holiness" and abuser of his children has
aroused so much attention that special
action should be taken. The man is de
cidedly unbalanced mentally, and tne
circumstances related by the Lasher family
t>rove that Mrs. Lasher's troubles are the
direct outcome of Young's teachings.
Y. M. I. PICNIC.
Tleasant Time Ontlined for Visitors to
Shell Mound Park
To- Day.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 16.— The picnic
Of Oakland Council, Y. M. 1., will be given
at Shell Mound Park to-morrow (Wednes
day). President Harrington has prepared
an excellent programme and guarantees
an enjoyable time to all who attend. Every
precaution has been taken to render it an
affair to which all members of the family
can go and not fear the intrusion of the
objectionable element that is usually
found when picnics are held on Sundays.
The affair is in charge of the following
committee of arrangements: Charles J.
Harrington (chairman), R. H. Hammond
(secretary), Frank Lynch. George W.
Brown, Thomas P. Hogan. Floor man
ager, George P. Clark; assistant floor
manager, B. F. McElrov. Floor commit
tee—William Raffetto, D. J. Hallihan,
John J. Kennedy, James P. Murray, John
J. Rigney, William F. Duddy, Joseph F.
Gordon.
The literary exercises consist of an ad
dress by Supreme President McDade,
songs by Grand Second Vice-president
O'Donneli and William Hynes, an address
by Frank J. McGlynn and otner special
features. -
There will be some valuable gate prizes,
and handsome trophies will also be given
to the winners iv the races.
ARE FOR FREE SILVER.
Delegate* Selected in Senatorial Dis-
trlots . for a National
Convention.
OAKLAND, Cal , June 16.--The various
Senatorial districts of this county have
chosen delegates for the Bimetallic League
National Convention, which convenes in
St. Louis July 22, either to place a ticket
in the field or to indorse the candidates of
the party which declares for the white
metal. The delegates selected are as fol
lows:
Twenty-sixth District— George W. Gray
son, delegate; John L. Davie, uiternate.
Twenty-seventh District— Frank J. Mof
fitt, delegate; Weslev A. Jacobs, alternate.
Twenty-eighth District — W. J. Dingee,
delegate; A. H. Racketts, alternate.
Colored Republicans.
OAK.LAND, Cal., June 16.— A colored Re
publican club has been formed, aud it has
adopted a uniform, consisting of white coat,
trousers and cap, with black trimmings. The
cap has a visor and a red, white and Dlue
pampas plume: Lanterns bearing National
colors will be carried under the arm. The club
will bear the name of the Republican Presi
dential nominee.
THE TAYLOR ESTATE.
The Property Will All Be Distributed
to the Children After the
Mother's Death.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 16.— The will of
the late Chauncey Taylor was presented
for probate to-day by his wife, Sarah J.
Taylor, and his son, William H. Taylor,
who were named as executrix and execu
tor in the instrument. It was dated Janu
ary 26, 1894, and is signed by Victor H.
and George D. Metcalf as witnesses.
Testator declares the whole eßtate to be
community property and ratifies the statu
tory provision, whereby his wife would have
been allowed a half-interest had he died
intestate. He bequeaths $10,000 to each of
his children, Bertha Isabel Foote (wife of
\V. W. Foote), William H. Taylor and
Henry B. Taylor; to his brother, Henry
R. Taylor of Oakland. $5000 in trust for
the Denefit and support of his sister
(.Henrietta R. Taylor of Oakland) during
her life; to Augusta Graves, a sister in
Alamed3, $5000; to Francis Taylor, a
brother in Brooklyn, N. V., $5000, pro
vided all indebtedness be first deducted.
Henry 11. Taylor, the brother in Oak
land, is bequeathed $5000, but the brother
in £an Francisco, John Taylor, is omitted,
he already being well provided for. The
children of Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Foote are
each given $1000; his "two faithful house
hold employes, Stewart Irwin and Bridget
Clancy, ' f $500 each. The balance of the
estate is given to his wife for life, and is
then to be equally divided between the
three cnildren or their heirs.
THE KNOWLES WILL.
Ml the Property Given to the Widow
Who Is Also Made Kxecn
trix.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 16.— The will of
the late Captain J. N. Knowles was filed
for probate this afternoon by Mary E.
Knowles, the widow, who is named as
executrix. The will is dated May 14. 1891,
and has a codicil dated June 11, 1891.
The estate consists of a life insurance
policy for $50,000 and various other prop
erties which will make a total of about
$luo,ooo. The daughter by his first mar
riage, now Mrs. Harry F. Gordon, is given
one-seventh interest in the estate, while
the balance goes to Mrs. Knowles abso
lutely. The will says the children are
omitted purposely, as the mothej will take
proper care to see that they are provided
for.
"THE CHINESE MUST GO!"
That Is, if They Persist in
Violating the State
Laws.
Efforts of the Attorneys to Discredit
Court Officials Fail to Save
Their Clients.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,^
908 Broadway, June 16. \
The persistence of Chief of Police Lloyd
in his efforts to clear Oakland of Chinese
gambling dens and lottery dealers is at
last bearing fruit, as two houses on San
PaDlo avenue have bad to close up perma
nently. The keeper of one of these served
a term in prison and had only been out
three days when he again found himself
in the clutches of the law. Since that time
he has concluded that it does not pay to
fight officials who do their duty and en
force the law.
The joint on Tenth street, between
Broadway and Franklin, has not reopened
since the last raid of the police, but it is
believed that the proprietor is only await
ing a time when he believes the officers
have relaxed their vigilance a little, as he
yet keeps a stock of goods in the store
which has served as a blind in former
years.
An attorney imported from San Fran
cisco attempted to have the prosecution
thrown out in a case tried last night, on
the ground that the men who bought the
lottery tickets from the defendant were
accomplices of the lottery.
He also attempted to bar out expert tes
timony in regard to lottery tickets and
lottery drawings, but Judge Wood over
ruled him without effort.
When Hen Wong, the convicted lottery
dealer, was called for sentence to-day his
attorney presented an affidavit signed by
Thomas F. Agnew, in which tbe latter
charges Officer Curtis with suggesting to
him tuat he go on a lottery jury and vote
for conviction and said, "Don't say any
thing t« your brother Tom about this, be
cause if you do he will tell Schaffer and it
will be all off." (Tom Agnew was ex-
Chief Schaffer's clerk.)
The affidavit was the basis of a motion
for a new trial on the ground that the
officer who summoned the jury was
prejudiced, but the court continued the
case until to-morrow that asubpenarnight
be issued for Mr. Agnew so he can be ex
amined in court.
Officer Curtis denies the contents of Ag
news' affidavit, but says Agnew proposed
that he be placed on a jury, saying that he
had it "in" for Garrity, one of the lottery
dealer's attorneys, as the latter had done
him some "dirty" work. He further said
that tne whole affair looked like a scheme
of the old Chapman-Schaffer crowd to get
back at some one.
TWICE-TOLD TALES.
Officer Hodgklns Belfftes the Details of
the Capture of the Swindlers.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 16. — Sergeant
Hodgkins, who made the capture of the
two alleged gold-brick swindlers, "Big
Foot" Gordon and Assayer Root, told his
work on the case in the Superior Court to
day. Every technical point was raised by
the defense possible and slow progress was
made.
Judge Greene reminded the jury, after
he noon recess, that they had been cau
tioned not to talk about the case. He had
been informed that a certain member had
been talking of something which might
and which might not be the case involved.
He desired to warn them that he would
not allow his orders disobeyed.
L. W. Hewlett arose and said he was
probably the one referred to, but declared
that he was talking of another matter and
had never mentioned the case to any one.
Arrested for Libel.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 16.— W. J. Din
gee Bwore out two warrants to-day for the
arrest of Gavin D. High, editor and pro
prietor of the Oakland Times. One of the
articles of the alleged libels reflects on
Mr. Dingee as a real estate operator and
the other on the Dingee Water Company.
A Disappearing Lake.
There is a lake near Valdosta, Ga., which
disappears every three or four years and
comes back again, no matter what be the
condition of the weather. The lake is
three miln long and three-quarters of a
mile wide, with an average depth of fif
teen feet of water, but at the present time
the water is rapidly passing off through
the subterranean passage, and in the next
two or three weeks th^re will be left in its
place a mammoth basin, furnishing as
pretty a beach as can be found anywhere.
After a month or so it begins to return,
and then in a couple of weeks it is the
same magnificent stretch of water as it
waa before.— Louisville Courier-Journal,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896.
CHICKENS AS PETS
VERSUS FLOWERS
Why a Mammoth Fence
Soars Skyward in East
Oakland.
LADIES OPENLY AT WAR
One Is Forced to Move Her Large
Cottage Twenty-Five Feet
Away.
A POLICE COUBT CHAPTER.
Mrs. Dass Thought Mrs. Frisbie's
Chickens Could Fly Over
the Moon.
Oaklaxd Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 16. f
Building celestial fences as a means of
preventing a neighbor from looking at a
flower garden is not new to Oakland, but
one has just been completed in East Oak
land that caused the injured party to
move her house twenty-five feet so as to
be able to see out of the windows. This is
not the worst of the affair. After moving
the house the aggrieved party discovered
that by an appeal to the Fire Commission
the fence could have been legally removed.
The trouble is between two ladies. Mrs.
Frisbie owns one house, and is a very
agreeable colored lady. Mrs. Dass owns
the other, and was born on the border
land of Switzerland and Italy. Mrs. Fris
bie is passionately fond of chicken?, and
Mrs. Dass is enamored of flowers. There
was a little fence originally between the
two houses, but it was hen-tight but not
chicken-tight. The little broilers pushed
their way througn the fence to promenade
among the flowers. Trouble followed, and
Mrs. Frisbie invested in a lot of laths and
tried to make the fence proof against the
chickens.
The mixture of stakes and laths did
not suit the artistic eye of Mrs. Dass, and
a short time ago a fence was built that
competed in height with the chimney.
Mrs. Dass, previous to having the high
fence built, had open trouble with Mrs.
Frisbie. There are different stories told
about how it all happened, but it is known
that Mrs. Frisbie was the battered party
and that she had Mrs. Dass arrested.
When the case was called Mrs. Frisbie re
lented and withdrew the case, so that
it is doubtfuJ who was the guilty party.
The high fence built by Mrs. Dass was
close to the windows of the Frisbie house,
and so blocked out all daylight that Mrs.
Frisbie was compelled to move her house
to the other side of her lot, a distance of
25 feet.
"This is an old game of Mrs. Dass,"
said Mrs. Frisbie to-day, "and I had to
move my house because I was frightened
that her fence might burn down and my
house would be in danger. Now I have
been told that if I had made a complaint
about the fence to the Board of Fire War
dens they would have ordered it to be re
moved.
"I have been told that when Mr 3. Dass
resided in San Francisco there was similar
trouble, and that her neighbors had to
make a sacrifice before Mrs. Dass would
move.' 1
Mrs. Dass says she has simply done |
what was necessary to protect her flower
garden, and denies that she has a habit of I
building aerial fences. A glance at the
fence shows that Mrs. Dass has a great ad
miration for the soaring capacity of Mrs.
Frisbie's hens, as the boards are as high
as the middle of the roof. Either party is ]
willing to sell, but neither will make a I
sacrifice.
HE WOULD BE AN ACTOR
But Parental Authority Confined
Him in the Privacy of
His Home.
Miseries of Maurice H. Chick, Stu
dent—Why "The Red Fox" Was
Not Presented as Billed.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 16.— Maurice
H. Chick, High School student, would-be
actor and manager of the "American Dra
matic Company," is confined in a room be
neath his parental roof and the American
Dramatic Company will be unable to fill
its dates.
Young Chick, who is a brother of Berke
ley's superintendent of streets, nas had
"stage fever" for some years, ever since an
intimate friend of his parents joined the
company of Kyrle Bellew.
After vain efforts to secure employment
before the footlights of Oakland theaters,
the youthful thespian decided to organize
a company of his own. He secured com
panions and at once commenced prepara
tions for the production of "The Red Fox,"
a blood-curdling drama, in Shattuck Hall.
"The Red Fox" was to have been given
last Saturday night, but the leading man
and nanager received a parental sum
mons. He went to his home at 2611
Dwight way and has not been seen since,
and it soon began to be whispered that the
ambitious student was in durance vile.
Chick had not been home for several
weeks before last Saturday, having left in
obedience to an injunction to alter his
ways or shift for himself. On receiving
his command he bade fareweil to home
and began a brief career of independence,
among the incidents of which were an
experiment as a farmer on a ranch near
San Jose, a week's stay at an Oakland
hotel, and finally the organization of
the American Dramatic Company and
preparations for "The Red Fox," which
proved the last straw to his mother and
elder brother, with whom he has resided,
and resulted in the call homeward and
the long stay at home.
"The Red Fox" is a melodrama in three
acts. Maurice H. Chick was cast for the
role of hero, Charles Eggleston was to sus
tain the character of the villain of the
piece, and various other roles were to be
interpreted by George Holloway, Roy
Stoddard, James Nickolsen, Bam Hogan,
James Lyon and Jean White.
After Saturday night's performance the
manager intended to take his company on
the road, starting this week for Martinez.
The villain and the support were on
hand on Saturday, but the hero failed to
appear and the company, after a period of
suspense, dispersed in despondency.
Young Chick is still contined to his
home. His friends, who are very well
known in Berkeley, regard ha escapades
as mere boyish pranks and are disposed to
think that he will soon outgrow his ambi
tion to be ao actor and theatrical man
ager.
The boy has already announced his in
tention to abandon histrionic efforts, but
he is still a prisoner.
Teacbers Ke-Elected.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 16.— The
Board of Education last night re-elected
for the coming year the teachers who have
been employed during 1895-96 in the Rose
street, Whittin, Kellogg, Le Conte, Lorin,
Columbus, San Pablo, and Seventh
street schools. J. S. Drew, teacher of
physics and chemistry In the high school
tendered his resignation, which was ac
cepted and D. R. Wood of Stockton was
chosen to fill the vacancy.
The board's special committee, consist
ing of Professor Wickson and Messrs.
Engebretson and Norton, on the matter of
teachers' salaries presented a report show
ing salaries paid to teacheis in other
towns of California as compared with
those in Berkeley and recommended that
no changes be made in the salary
schedule. The recommendation was
adopted and the teachers' salary schedule
for 189(5-97 will be exactly the same as that
of last year.
School Children to Bide Free.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 16.— Principal
Waterman of the East Berkeley schools
has interviewed Superintendent Wilder of
the Southern Pacific with a view to secur
ing passes for school children to ride free
on the local trains from Berrynian to
Lorin. It is proposed to establish the
eighth grade at Lorin, which would neces
sitate a large number of pupils going there
daily from all parts' of East Berkeley.
Mr. "Wilder has promised to endeavor to
secure the concession.
Statistics of Church Membership.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 16.— A new di
rectory of the churches of East Berkeley
has been issued, showing the membership
of the churches to be as follows: First
Congregational, 292; First Presbyterian,
281, St. Mark's, 2.J0; Trinity Methodist
Episcopal, 167; First Baptist, 77; Friends
Church, 63; First Christian, 33. Total,
1163.
Woodmen Entertain Ladies.
BERKELEY, June 16.— Peralta Camp,
Woodmen of the World, gave a ladies'
night this evening in American Hall,
Quite a number of visitors from Oakland
were present and the affairwas a very pleas
ant one.
Kerns Improving.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 16.— Deputy
Marshal T. C. Kerns, one of the candi
dates for the Postmastership of Berkeley,
who has been contined to his home by se
rious illness during ti.e past two weeks, is
reported to be on the road to recovery.
A Marriage.
ALAMEDA, Cai,., June 16.— Miss
Blanche Fisher and Leonard Jerome yon
Berwerker were married to-day at the res
idence of the bride's parents, 2429 Webb
avenue, by the Itev. C. E. W. Smith of
the M. E. Church South. The groom ia a
popular young attorney in San Jose.
A MORBID PASSION.
Collections of Relics of Murderers, Sui-
cides and Other Criminals.
Stamp-collecting, though the most silly
of foibles, has hitherto been unstained by
a capital offence. Unluckily, collectors
are likely to have their paasion augmented
by thia fatal occurrence. An element of
the morbid and macabre is now intro
duced. One crime breeds more, aa all the
world knows, by dint of suggestion and
imitation. The deathd of kings and Presi
dents have long been desired if not actu
ally compassed by stamp-collectors, mere
ly that the heads of these potentates on
old stamps may be rarer. To make a cor
ner in a monarch's old stamps, and then
to blow him up with dynamite, is a
studiis haud ulienum of a stamp-col
lector. His passion allies him with an
archists. A philosopher suggests collect
ing old railway tickets.
This means a career of dishonest
adventure, the romance of bilking, that
untradesruanlike falsehood, "season," and
hiding, like Mr. Bultitude, under the seats
of railway carriages. The more valueless
the object the more does the passion for
acquiring it point towards desperate vil
lainy. Our museums, all museums, are
receivers of stolen goods; or, at least, of
smuggled remains, of Greek and Italian
art. A collector walked through the cus
tom-house of Athens In an ancient deco
rated Greek corslet, which be simply wore
under his waistcoat. That corsle.t, which,
by Greek law, could not be carried out of
the country, is now in the Museum.
A feeling of delicacy causes us to omit the
name and also not to mention the number
of the Pope who stole books from a French
painter — indeed, "Innocent," as his name,
was an obvious error.— London News.
PHENOMENON OF THE TIDE RIF
Two Stowaways "Who Traveled Around
the Globe Without Spending a Cent.
A "tide rip" phenomenon of the sea was
encountered in 'he Indian Ocean recently
by the ship Francis, which arrived at this
port yesterday, says the Philadelphia
Record. The tide ran in many directions
apparently almost at the same time and
tne big ship was whirled around by it line
a top or took peculiar and erratic sheers
until she became uncontrollable and could
not be kept on her course. It was feared
at times that she would go to pieces, for
the tide seemed to increase in force. For
fourteen hours the Francis was at the
mercy of this peculiar action of the ocean
currents and soon afterward a cyclone
struck and partially dismasted her, a dis
aster which has been before reported.
Two stowaways, William M. Beatty and
Stephen Munday, who had traveled all
the way around the globe without the ex
penditure of a cent, were brought on the
Francis from Passaroean, Java. They
were formerly members of the crew of the
British steamship Rio, which arrived at
Java some time before the Francis left
there for Philadelphia. In some way
they were left behind by the Rio, and then
they stowed away in the coalroom of the
Francis, where fuel is kept for the
"donkey" engine and other uses. They
were discovered several days after the
Francis left i*assaroean, and there was no
alternative but to bring them along on
the long voyage, which lasted 121 days.
An examination made by the immigra
tion oflicials developed the fact that one
of the men, Beatty, was a native of Florida
and the other an Englishman. They were
glad to leave Java, being unable to earn
more than 10 cents a day.
OCEAN FLYERS.
St. Paul's Remarkable Performance.
American Ships to the Front.
The three Transatlantic liners now in
the first class for speed are the Lucania,
Campania and St. Paul. The latter's av
erage in the remarkable run she finished
last Friday afternoon was 20.82 knots an
hour. This average places the St. Paul
ahead of the Teutonic and Majestic, and Is
excelled only by the speed of the Lucania
and Campania. Heretofore the Southamp
ton record has been held by the New
York — which, though under the American
flag, is (Jlyde-built— 6 days 7 hours and 14
minutes. Now, by the St. Paul's remark
able performance of the voyage in G days 5
houis and 32 minutes, the record
passes to a steamer built on the
Delaware. Nsturally, the contest will be
resumed between the three vesses with
the highest records. The result cannot be
forecast, but it should be remembered that
the Lucania and Campania have each 30,
-000 horsepower, or 10,000 more than the
St. Paul, and burn 540 tons of coal a day,
against the letter's consumption of 310 in
the same time. That Americans can Duild
as fast ships as foreigners can construct no
longer stands in need of demonstration, if
it ever did. The Lucania, we have no doubt,
can be duplicated in an American yard if
sufficient money is forthcoming. Tha
money is the rub, but the difference in first
cost between vessels built in England and
those constructed here is diminishing year
L by year.— Boston Transcript,
IMPURE BOTTLED CREAM
Point Reyes Company Has Its
Specialty Confiscated by the
Inspector.
Election Pledges a Bar to Impartiality.
Justice Swasey Has Still a
Grievance.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 16.— N0 more
Point Reyes Company's bottled cream will
be sold in Alameda. Veterinary Inspector
T. Carpenter has confiscated over fifty bot
tles of the cream, as he has found several
bottles in a state of decomposition. He
made the discovery at a produce store on
the corner of Railway avenue and McPher
son street, and subsequent visits to other
stores told the same tale. The local agent
had none on hand, as he had found the ar
ticle was not a success and reshipped his
consignment.
Pledging Beforehand.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jane IC— E. A.
Cohen, who appeared for the protestants
last night against the opening of Ver
sailles avenue, surprised the City Trus
tees by questioning their right to consider
the case, as their election pledges were a
bar to impartial consideration oi his case.
He cited the action of the Southern Pa
cific in denying the legality of acts of two
of tbe members of the Railroad Commis
sion, inasmuch as before their election
they had pledged themselves to reduce
freights.
He held that the same argument applied
in his case, because Chairman Foruerer
and Trustees Leydecker and Hammond
had pledged themselves before election to
open all streets in the city. He intimated
that the road was not going to be opened
until the property-owners saw that the
opening would benefit them.
A Justice's Grievance.
ALAMEDA, Cat,., June 16.— Justice
Swasey still maintains he has a grievance
against the Police Department. He drew
the attention of the Trustees to the matter
in January last and again in March. Or
ders were then given to the police author
ities to divide the cases equally between
the two justices, Morris and Swasey.
Justice Kwasey last night pointed out how
the Trustees' orders had been disobeyed,
and suggested the drawing up of an or
dinance requiring the Marshal tn make a
monthly report to the board of all cases
brought before the courts and how they
have been disposed of. The idea last
night was to burke the matter. Trus
tee Hammond told the board that it knew
quite well that the City Marshal had de
clared he would never bring a case up be
fore Justice Swasey, and as that gentle
man was an appointee of the county his
redress lay there.
E7entuully the matter was referred to
the board as a committee of the whole.
Justice Swasey is very wroth at the ac
tion of City Marshal Rogers. He said
this morning: "This robbery has Deen go
ing on for the past ten years. When Tap
pan was a Justice, Rogers was a constable
and Morris his deputy. It began then and
it has been kept up ever since, and I pro
pose now to tight this matter to a finish. "
Injured at a Fire.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 16.— Chief of the
Fire Department F. K. Krauth Jr. met
with an accident while attending the fire
on Regent street on Monday morning that
has confined him to his home. He was on
a ladder when it broke and tumbled him
into the fire. He was at once pulled out,
but his hand and foot were burned and
his back was strained.
WAS HE MARSHAL NEY ?
! The North Carolina Pedagogue May
Have Been Napoleon's Corps Leader.
The recent interesting volume by Rev.
I Mr. Weston, which seems to identify the
! old French schoolmaster of North Carolina
! with Napoleon's great marshal, gives en
< hanced value and interest to the recollec-
t ions of one of Peter S. Ney's most intelli
| gent pupils.
About twelve years ago I was called to
; the pastorate of the Presbyterian Church
lin Holly Springs, Miss. Among my new
: parishioners I found an invalid physician,
| Dr. Shuford. He had been confined to
j his room for many years, but these years
| of sickness and suffering had not in the
least beclouded his fine intellect or af
! fected his remarkable memory. He had
I been a student from boyhood, and fond-
I ness for nature had developed habits of
i careful and critical observation. His in
| teresting personality and character drew
me to him and I often enjoyed a morning
[ with him in his sickroom, sometimes
deeply interested in his accounts of the
flora of the new region which had then be
come my home, but "more frequently I
' was an eager listener to his reminiscences.
j I way only recently from North Carolina
| and the emaciated invalid loved to recall
his own boyhood in^the old North State,
from which he had removed to Mississippi
years before.
One day as I sat beside his invalid chair
! and our conversation drifted away to the
I people and scenes of his native hills he
turned to me and asked with animation:
"Did you ever hear of the old French
schoolmaster, Peter S. Ney?"
"Yes," I replied; "often."
"Well, I ' said the doctor, "I was a pupil
of his for years."
1 had been reared in the midst of revo
lutionary memories, for my early home
was midway between the two battlefields
that marked the beginning and tbe end of
the great conflict — Alamance and Guilford
Courthouse. Those historic fields were
only a few miles distant from the old
church of my fathers, where the venerable
pastor was historian as well as preacher,
and his volumes had helped mold my
tastes. Such environment had naturally
fastened in me a passionate interest in the
history and prominent characters of mv
native State, and so I had often heard of
the old French schoolmaster of Catawba,
and had looked with reverence on his
sword, pistols and other relics kept In the
State Museum in Raleigh.
"Yes," continued the doctor, "he was
my teacher in western North Carolina for
several years, and I knew him intimately.
That was some time in the '30s, for he died
in 1842. when about 70 years old. I have
never doubted that he was Marshal Ney.
There was much about him that was mys
terious and that indicated an eventful ear
lier history. Moreover, he was a man
among men, brave, manly, chivalrous.
He had come mysteriously into the neigh
borhood years before, made no confidants,
lived alone, was dignified and reserved and
studiously avoided all attempts at inquiry
into his past history. He taught a private
school for boys, carrying us into Latin and
mathematics. He was usually faithful to
his work, but occasionally he indulged in
a 'spree.'
"At such times he was accustomed to
ask me and one of my fellows (he always
showed marked confidence in us) to come
to bis room and stay with him to take care
of him while in his delirium.
"I shall never forget those occasions;
they were indelibly photographed on my
memory. While completely under the in
fluence of intoxicants, often delirious, the
hitherto reticent, reserved schoolmaster
became an animated, brilliant soldier,
striding the floor with majestic tread and
Hashing eye. Often at such times, in the
dead of night, as we sat by the fireside in
wonder and awe, my companion and I
heard him thundering out his orders on
the battlefield to imaginary subordinates,
or by turns, with princely deference, touch
ing i»is hat and exclaiming, 'Sire! 1 as if- he
again stood in the presence of Napoleon.
"Sometimes he seemed to be in confer
ence with Kleber (under whom Marshal
Ney first rose to distinction), then there
would be allusions to Massena, bat always
with a scowl and took of scorn. Some
times in these drunken sprees he fancied
he was on the field of Hohenlinden or at
Jena or Eylau, and be would rush to and
. Iro, pointing this way and that, as he
Auction Bklcs
A. L. CRESSWELL, AUCTIONEER.
THIS DAY,
Wednesday....^..... ....Jane 17, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises, ■
537 Guerrero Street, Near Eighteenth,
....I WILL SKLL....
Per order of M. BERGEN, on account of departure
for the East, 
Grand Square Piano; Parlor, Chamber and Dining-
room Furniture. - Everything must go. No
reserve.
■ .U • A. L. CRESSWELL, Auctioneer.
PEREMPTORY AUCTION SALE
$5000 WORTH OF FURNITURE,
Household Goods of Every Description.
Friday and Saturday June 19 and 20
At 10:30 A. M., 2:80 and 7:30 P. M. ■
Removed for convenience of sale to- the Exposi-
tion Building (Tabernacle), corner Twelfth and
Harrison streets, Oakland. Bargains for every-
body. All to go to the highest bidder.
THIS DAY, AT 11 O'CLOCK A. M.,
GROCERY AND LIQUORS,
1055 Howard St.. nxvQtli
FRANK W. BUTTKRFIELD, Auctioneer,
.19 Montgomery st.
thundered out his commands. At such
times he seemed to be on the field of
smoke, amid the cannons' roar and car
nage and the martial spirit in him rose to
its full height. Onco or twice he seemed
to be on the field of Waterloo, leading the
old guard in that last desperate charge.
"So far a3 my knowledge of history goes,
his allusions were always correct as to
places, names and events. These drunken
rehearsals were always marvelously in
keeping with history. I cannot doubt
that the martial figure pacing up and
down before us had once marched on those
same historic fields, either as soldier or
commander."
Such are some of thereminiscenfis of my
old friend and parishioner, Dr. Shuford.
He passed away before the appearance of
Mr. Western's book on Peter S. Ney. If
Marshal Ney indeed lived till 1842, his age
then, 73, would have coincided with that
of the North Carolina schoolmaster. —
Nashville correspondence of the Chicago
Record.
CHOCOLATES.
Products of Cocoa That Are Considered
Useful for Many Purposes.
Chocolates are merely combinations of
cocoa and sugar, with some flavoring, al
lowed to cool in forms and sold as solid
cakes to be shaved up before using. They
generally contain more oil than cocoa sold
in tins, and the cheaper sorts are mixed
with starch, etc.
The by-products of cocoa are of consid
erable value, cocoa butter being highly
valued to cure irritations of the skin, as
an ointment for the nursery in place of
vaseline, etc. Cocoa butter will not stain,
nor become rancid, beiDg proof against
oxidization or crystallization. It is üßed
largely in makinp suppositories, for oiling
sons and for various uses In the arts, and
in making soaps, pomades, confections,
etc. It sells at 32 to 35 cents a pound
wholesale.
The cocoa shells are also sold in many
stores as a cheap substitute for cocoa, be
ing rich iv cocoa flavor and tne stimulant
principle. The use of cocoa, it may be
seen, has a market value over that of tea
or coffee. These beveracres are mere in
fusions or decoctions, containing little
nutriment, and, as a rule, more of hurtful
ingredients in the way of tannic acid or
narcotic stimulants. Cocoa, on the con
trary, being usually made with at least
half milk, has the extra nutriment of the
milk to begin with. It then has valuable
nitrogenous elements, considerable starch
and more or less cocoa fat, all highly nu
tritious. — New York Tribune.
How She Liked Them.
The poet Wordsworth's grave in quaint
old Grasmere Churchyard was literally
ablaze with spring flowers last week, in
commemoration of his one hundred and
twenty-sixth birthday. There are still
several hundred inhabitants who remem
ber him and his devoted sister Dorothy.
One of them told me an amusing story of
the latter when, they lived at Rydal.
Watching a flight of wood-pigeons one
day, she half-unconsciously exclaimed out
loud, "How beautiful!" An old woman
laden with faggots heard her. "Ay, but I
like 'em better in a pie," she remarked as
she passed.
ON EANTERN TKACKN
Horses First to the Wire in X ester day's
Hating Contests.
CHICAGO, 111., June 16.— Results at For
sythe:
Three-quarters of a mile, Ovation won, Billy
! B second, Kingsclere third. Time, I:l7}£.
■ Five-eighths of a mile, Zamar II won, Yours
Truly second, Harry Gwynne third. Time,
1:01%.
One mile, Elusive won, Willie M second, Ar-
I dath third. Time, I :4o}£. -
Thirtcen-sixteenths of a mile, Simmons won,
Battledore second, Virgle Dixon third. - Time,
1:21^.
Three-fourths of a mile, Samson won, Bar
Guard second, Proverb third. • Time, 1 :15%.
Seven-eighths of a mile, Terragnes won, b. F.
•Fly Jr. second. Reveille third. Time, 1 :28%.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June Oakley re
sults : Five-eights of a mile, CaDpy won, Dul
cenia second, ■ Her Excellency third. Time,
1:02. ' '
Three-quarters of a mile, Mattie Lee won,
Miss Emma second, Jennie Thatcher third.
Time,l:lsK- • ' " "■,
Seven furlongs, Jake Zimmerman won, Lo
bensrula second, Yellow Rose third. <■ Time,
Five* furlongs, "Eugenic Wicks won, Irby B
second, White Frost third. Time, 1:01%.
One and a sixteenth miles, Semper Ego won,
Ben Holliday second, Bloomer third. Time,
1:4.6% - ■••■ ' : • ' . ■"■• '
NEW YORK, V, V., June Gravesend re
sults:. ■.. ■ •"-." -.••-. ■ ■■ ■ -: ; - ■ ■
: Five furlongs, Wabasso won, Flying Squad
ron second, Sliver Brook third. Time, 1:03.
One and a sixteenth miles, Merry Prince
won, Hornpipe second, . Sir Dixon Jr. third.
Time, 1:47. ' '
Six furlongs, Olenmoyne won, Agitator sec
ond, Runaway third. Time, I:lsJ^. : :
One and a quarter miles, Handspring won,
Intermission second, Hamilton II third. Time,
2:loi£. • -'■
Eleven-sixteenths of a mile, Hero won, Gee
Gee second, Rifle third. Time, l:10V£. ■:,--•,
One and a sixteenth miles, Pat Ryan won ,
Shakespeare II second, Septour third. Time,
1:49^. ;/ --:
: ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 16.— Six furlongs,
Amelia Fouso won, Siddubia second, Ben Wad
dell third. Time, VI6J4. ■ .- - ' ■ - ..■••.-■•
Five furlongs, Lilly Beatrice won, Juanita
second. Queen Saxie third. \ Time, 1 :03^. :
Six furlongs, Earl Bug won, Cutaway sec
ond, Helena Belle third. Time, 1:16)&—
One mile and twenty yards, Pinkey Potter
won, Linda second, Bingbinger third. Time.
1:44. V-■ ■■--. <.s - ■ .•■•-■■■■.':• ...■ . •
Six lurlongs.Devault won, Fred Foster sec
ond, Little Nell third. Time, 1:15%.
| Five furlongs, Typhoon won, ■ Buckvldere
second, Parthemax third. Time, 1:02%.
ON THE DIAMOND
Winner* of Yesterday* Baseball Game*
in th« East.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 16.—Pittsburg-Chi
cago game postponed; rain.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 16.— Young's su
perb pitching and the very bad fielding of the
Louisvilles were the features of to-day's game.
Score: Clevela^ids, 11, 13, 0; Louisvilles, 1, 5,
7. Batteries— Young and Zimmer; Cunning
ham and Warner. Umpire — Lynch.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June 10.— Bert Inks
made his local debut this afternoon, and
after the first inning bad tbe St. Louis team
completely at his mercy. Score: Cinclnnatis
—3,9, 2; St. Louis— 2, 6, 3. Batteries— lnks
ana Vaughn; Hart and Murphy. Umpire-
Sheridan.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 16.-Washington-
Philadelphia game postponed; rain.
BROOKLYN; N. V., June 16.— Score: Brook
lyns, 0, 5. 3. Baltimores, 4. 5, 0. Batteries-
Abbey and Burrell; Hemming and Clark. Um
pire—Henderson.
BOSTON, Mass., June 16.— Score— Bostons,
14, 17, 4. New Yorks, 5, 7, 6. Batteries-
Nichols and Oanzell; Campfield and Farrell.
Umpire— Emsiie,
A PRETTY FCRIISHED HOME
-A.T AUCTION 1 .
LAURENCE VINCENT,
General Auctioneer and Commission
Merchant,
Booms 609 and 610 Spreckels Bldg., 927 Market St.
THIS AFTERNOON,
Wednesday June 17, 1896
At 2 o'clock on the premises,
20 Metealfe Place, offGeary St., nr. Taylor
This sale is worthy the attention of ail Intending
purchasers. It is very prettily furnished- from
kitchen to bedrooms. Hal • made in the afternoon
for the acconrn odation of buyers.
The Bale will comprise in part: Elegant Odd
Pieces . Parlor Furniture; Easy Chairs; Couches,
Lounges, etc.: Magnificent Inlaid Walnut and Six-
teenth Century Cuamber bulls; 8 Elegant -34 Bed-
steads; dressing Cases, . Wardrobes, etc.; Fine
Carpets; Spring and Curled Hair Mattresses; Fine
Bedding; Klegant Sideboard; Extension Table;
Dining Chairs ; Chinaware : Glassware ; Plated ware,
etc.; Elegant Range, Agateware and a host of
useful articles too numerous to mention.
ATTEND TIPS SALE. .
LAURENCE VINCENT. Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE.
319-381 Sutter St.. Above Grant Aye.
AT SAL.ES KOOM THIS DAY,
Wednesday June 17, 1896
AT 10:30 A. M.. I WILL «Kr.L
The contents of a First-Class Tailor-Shop, com-
plete with Tools, Mirrors. TaDlt-s Safe aud 500
yards Imported and Domestic Suitings in
latest patterns. s. KASCH, Auctioneer.
FIRE AT ASPHALTO.
Plant of the Standard Asphalt Company
Is Reduced to a Total
Wreck.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 16.— Fire
broke out in the retining works of the
Standard Asphalt Company at Asphalro
Saturday morning, which resulted in the
complete destruction of the plant. It ap
pears that the man in charge of the ket
tles was about to make a test of oil, when
a lamp suspended above one of the kettles
either exploded or some volatile eases from
the heated oil took fire from the lamp and
in a few minutes the entire refinery, said
to have cost $20,000, was in flames, and
also about 100 barrels of oil. The heat
caused several large steel drums contain
ing oil to explode, and in one or two cases
drumheads were shot a distance of 100
yards with terrible force, making it yery
daneerous for the men employed in trying
to save adjoining property.
On the platforms above the kettles there
were about 150 tons of asphalt ready for
refining, which, of course, being so close
to the latter, was entirely consumed. Fire
burned all day, as long as there was any
thing inflammable, as no means were at
hand for extinguishing the flames.
WASN`T DURHAM.
The Authorities of bant* Ana, Mex.,
Thought Thty Had Him.
NOGALES, Abiz., June 16.— At Santa
Ana, Bonora, Mex., a town seventy-five
miles soutti of this place, the aai orities
arrested and placed in jail a man answer
ing the description of Dunnam, the mur
derer of the McGlincy family at San Jose.
Upon investigation, however, the suspect
proved to be the wrong person and he was
released.
Paeifio T.ear/ue Disbands.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jane 16.— The new
Pacific Baseball League, comprising
teams from Portland, Seattle, Tacoma
and Victoria, has gone to pieces. Poor
attendance, due mainly to the unfavor
able condition of the weather, is given
out as the causa of suspension. Some of
the Seattle players have started to their
homes in the East.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YOBK— Arrived Jnnp 16— Stmr Friesland,
from Antwerp: stmr Xorweeian, from Glasgow;
stmr Braunschweig, from Naples: stmr Missis
sippi, from London; stmr Virginia, from Stettin.
Sailed June 16 — Stmr Havel, for Bremen.
SCILL*"— Passed Jnne 16— htmr L&hn, from
New York, for Bremen.
LlZAKD— Passed June 16— Stmr Obdam, from
New York, for Rotterdam: stmr Persia, from New
York, tor Hamburg; stmr butt gar t, from Nevr
York, for Bremen.
KlNßALE— Passed Jone 16— stmr Auranla, fm
New York, for Quennstown and X^iverpooL
I w v
I A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drag selling. '•
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
The
Subscription List
Of the
Weekly : Call
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
- • " •
■/TT>i • Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J&fMS&'il KKAB\T ST. Established
ml tT]3l& ni 1854 for the treatment of Private
mLLA. Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
'!. IflHj M disease wearingonbodyandmindand
t^M ■skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
■othersfall. Try him. Charges low
gflnWTgwaa Cnre»gnaram>»d. Callorwrite'
Or. J, *•. olßli<|>, Box WST.Sanftaaclaco:
1718
SENSATION AT
VISALIA'S TRIAL.
Ira Hawkins Gives Damag
ing Testimony Against
Si Lovren.
THE MOST DIRECT SO FAR
Met the Prisoner Rapidly Driving
a Team Shortly After the
Hold-Up.
A POSITIVE IDENTIFICATION.
Lovren Squirms in His Chair, While
Beads of Perspiration Ooze From
His Face.
VISALIA, Cal., June 16.— Instead oi
one witness, the counsel for Josiab Lovren
introduced twenty-one. The majority
testified to having seen Ardell, Lovren's
partner, at different hours duriug the
night of March 18, when Dart McCall was
killed in an attempt to rob tne Southern
I'acific train at Tagus. Three women of
the half world testified to having seen
Lovren at 12:30 o'clock on that night.
Ira Hawkins, one of the prosecution's
witnesses in rebuttal, created a sensation.
His testimony is the most direct yet given
against Lovren. Hawkins is the driver of
the Palace Hotel bus and between trains
sleeps in a etiair in the hotel office. The
night clerk calls him at 2 o'clock a. m.
The witness testified that on the night
of March 18 the night man had called him
about three minutes oefore 2 o'clock. He
awoke and walked down to the hotel cor
ner. Hearing a team coming, he stood
still. It was coming from the south, and
turned the opposite corner into Main
street at a speed of about six miles an
honr.
The driver was Josiah Lovren ; the other
man the witness could not positively iden
tify. The animal looked as ii it had been
driven hard. The lights from the Palace
illuminated the street, so that the witness
could not be mistaken.
During the testimony of Hawkins Lov
ren ceased chewing gum and moved un
easily in hie chair. Then he straightened
up, sitting on the edge of his chair, his
eyes rolling and drops of perspiration
standing out on his face. His breath came
quick and short, and he only recovered
when General Kittrell conld not induce
witness to swear that the other man was
Ardell.
VAT At, FALL AT MOUESTO.
James Maloney of San Francisco Gots
Over a Railing.
MODESTO, Cal., June 16.— This morn
ing about 3:30 o'clock, James Maloney fell
over the railing guarding the basement of
the Ross House, striking the cement walk
twelve feet below, on his back. When
picked up he was conveyed to the County
Hospital, where County Physician Evans
found the spine was badly wrenched and
the lower portion of tne body paralyzed.
He had also struck on his head. At 4
o'clock this afternoon Maloney died. He
was 28 years of age, and leaves a mother,
brothers and sisters residing on Mission
street, San Francisco.
Trouble Feared in Alaska.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 18.— Governor
Bheakeley of Alaska has requested Captain
R. H. Pratt, TJ. 8. A., superintendent of
the Indian school at Carlisle, Pa., who has
returned from a visit to Alaska on the
pteamer Topeka, to urge upon General
Miles the necessity of establishing a mili
tary post on the Yukon. His Excellency
cays serious trouble is liable to occur at
any time between the miners and the
Indians, and in such an event the Govern
ment would haye no means of preserving
the peace.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cio.
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock everj
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
EW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opej
■ ntll 9 o'clock.
36 18 Mission street, op* a until • Celeck.
lit Ninth street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
MISSION LODGE NO. 169. F. JT~
&--J-' and A. M.— No meeting to-night ;_ ..
postponed to Saturday nieht next "Jt jf
C D. BUNKER, Secretary. /^T>
■_S=» MOUNT MORIAH LODGE NO. _
i£<£? 44, p. and A. M.— Meeting THIS A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:3O"JfjT
o'clock. Third degree. ~W\
■ THEO. FROLICH, Sec
|P_3p CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. ft
IC-JB' and A. M.— Called meeting THIS £%
WEDNESDAY, at 7:30 P. M. D. 3d. ByTfV
order of the W. M. /^
■ H. FORTRIEDE, Sec.
■r^SP EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166, F. _
IF* 1 ' and A. M.— Special meeting THIS Ak
i (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, June 17, atlfV
7:30 o'clock. Second degree. /v\
THEO. E. SMITH. Sec
f__s» FRANCO. AMERICAN >ss____>_ ■
t-^ Ixxlee No. 'JOT. I. O. O. F.-The
jfficers and members are requested to
meet at their hall, THURSDAY, -^wk? 1 *-
June 18. at 8 o'clock p. m. Memorial services will
be in memory of the deceased brothers.
TH. SEHABIAGUE, N. G.
R. Lavionk, Secretary.
C_S» POHONACHEE TRIBE NO. «-s_
m3r 10, Imp. O. R. M.— Members^s*t£__»
ire notified 10 assemble at the hall, 320 :_»»__•■
Post St., THURSDAY, June 18, at 2 p. m.,
■o attend the funeral of our late brother, Ja-
sob Nelson. VVM. NUTTALL, Sachem.
M. Campbk__. Cof R. - -
|_35= A. O. H. DIVISION 2— A SPE-fc,,-..
W& clal meeting or this division will be %wvW
oeld on WEDNESDAY EVENING, June l_Wf
17, at 8 O'clock,- in Hibernia Hall, for lhrj£^6_§|
purpose of completing arrangements for «HaSr
»ur "General Picnic," to be held in El Campo on
;he 120 th anniversary of our Independence and
lisenthrallment from the yoke of our unrelenting
loe. England. Tickets of admission to the picnic
will be distributed at this meeting. The newly
sleeted State officers will be present and tell all
moot our late State Convention and other matters
it National importance. Candidates seeking ad-
mission will please attend. Sojourning brothers
ire cordially invited.
BARTLY LEE, President
John KBirsnr. Recording Secretary.
jFiijF THE ANNUAL PICNIC OF^L-_pP
F-»' the Ancient Order of Foresters and 7^f
?ompaions of the Forest of San Francisco, Jt\
Oakland and San Jose will be held at Agri- # r >
:uliural Park, San Jose, on WEDNESDAY, June
17, 1896. Take narrow-gauge ferry, foot of Mar-
tet St., at 8:46 a.m., or broad-gauge train, Third
tnd Townsend sts.. at 9 a. ic. Tickets are good
dther way. Broad-gauge train stops at Twenty-
Ifth and Valencia sts., Menlo Park, Redwood City
. md Palo Alto. Tickets can be had at the office of
he per. sec, John ' Falconer, 102 O'Farrell st, or
.t the depots on the day of the picnic.
P_ss> THE REGULAR MEETING OF THE
r-*'- Bricklayers' Association will be held at
t'nal B'rith Hall. 121 Eddy St., THIS (WEDNES-
»AY) EVENING, June 17, at 8 o'clock. Elec-
lon of officers. JOHN B. CAMPBKLL, Preg.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
R&
¥~& moved to 1370 Market st ; poor treated free.
K5» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4-
*-& collections made, city or country. Pacific
tolled ion Co., 416 Montijy st. room 6. Tel. 6580.
tCS* COFFj_Y'B COLLECTION CO.. 235
•*& Kearny st. ejects bad tenants for $10; all
•«ts paid. Telephone Red 364.
■*-■-— ---*-»-i" ■■■-■ .rfTfr__mi-hft _rn%^ii_tf i Tirr^rTn
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
St^Er" DIvTdENI)^NOTICE— SAN FRANCISCO
~~£f savings Union, 632 California St., corner
Webb. For the half year ending with the 30th of
June, 1896, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of four and thirty-two one bun-
dredths (4 32-100) percent on term deposits and
three and slxfy one-hundreaths (3 60-100) per
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Wednesday, the Ist of July, 1896.
LOVELL WHITE, cashier. .
90S* DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
v*~& 32 (-25 cents per share) of the Hutchinson
Sngar Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st, on and
after SATURDAY, June 20, 1896. Transfer-
books will close Saturday, June 13, 1896. at 12
o'clock M. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS ffANTED-FEMALE.
■VfE AT COMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN. WITH
-lN a girl 3 years, desires situation as housekeeper:
city or country; references. MISS CTJLLEN, 323
Sutter st
/COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
V,' 1 tion; general housework; good cook; kind to
children; city, or short distance in country. 2 7VJ
Fourth st. ■■ - . .-. -
WANTED, BY AN AMERICAN WOMAN,
place to do light housework; $6 per month.
Address 14 Day st, near Twenty-ninth. :•
pERMAN AND AMERICAN COOK IN"
vJT Christian family: willing to do plain washing:
good references; no postals. 126 Gougn st.
p IRL 21 YEARS OF AGE WuULD LIKE TO
VT work for board in a refined family of two; ref-
erences. Address L.. box 64. Call Office.
T7iASHIO>ABLE DRESSMAKER WISHES
X 1 engagements at $1 a day. Address or call at
3561 Twentieth st.
ITUATION WANTED FOR A YOUNG GIRL-
to do general housework. Apply 34 Va 1}i *
mond st.
ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION, UP-
VJ" stairs work and waiting. 207 Montgom'y aye.
pOMPETENT, EXPERIENCED, WANTS
\J work by the day as laundress and house-
cleaner. Call or address 1233y_ Vallejo st
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J to do general housework; is good cook, baker
and laundress: wages $10; city or country. Call
or address 924 Washington St., near Powell.
ESPECTABLE GERMAN PERSON OF 30
XX as housekeeper In a small family: best refer-
ences. Address R. G., box 119, Catl office.
T?IRST-CLASS FITTER, STYLISH DRAPER
X and designer, thorough dressmaker; by the
day. MISS WARWICK, 111 Grove st
EXPECTABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO
keep house for a party of gentlemen in the
country; no triHersneed apply; many years' refer-
ences. Call or address 364 Jessie st.
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WASHING AND
X ironing or housecleaning to do; $1 a day;
first-class hand. 303 Jessie st.
VBAT DANISH GIRL DESIRES SITUATION
Xi to do upstairs work, care of children or house-
work: best of references. Call lOUBV2 Bryant st.,
near Eighth.
VOU.N6 WOMAN WOULD LIKE HOUSE-
X work or chamber-work afternoons or Satur-
days; no washing. 543 Stevenson st., in rear.
l)ELl ABLE GIRL, WILLING AND OBLIG-
XV ing, desires situation in respectable family to
do Housework or second work nice home pre-
ferred to high wages; no objection to country. Call
at 22 Fifth st.
OUSKWORK-BY THE DAY ; FRENCH
laundress; do little cooking; speaks some
English; French family preferred. 310 a Clemen-
tina st ■-.:.'-; 1
T ADY PIANO-TEACHER, SOME DAYS IN
XJ week disengaged, will give children lessons,
do sewing exchange for room and board ; is good
seamstress and dressmaker. Address M. C, 213
Langtou st., first floor.
OMAN WANTS SITUATION to WORK IN
tt kitchen of a boarding-house or restaurant;
thoroughly understands her business. Call 267
Minna st
ANTED— PLACE AS COOK OR GENERAL
housework. 1000 Washington st. '
OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY;
11 good laundress and house-cleaner. 996 Mar-
ket st., room 15.
"DELIABLE GERMAN LADY WISHES situ-
XX ation as cook or general housework. Apply at
545 Mission st.
ADY DESIRES SITUATION TO DO GEN-
eral housework. Apply 407V4 Harrison si.,
near Fremont.
ITUATION WANTED BY A SWEDISH
girl for housework; good cook and laundress ;
wages $20 to $25. 819 Washington st., nr. Sixth,
Oakland.
OELIABLEGIRL WISHES TO DO GENERAL
XV housework or cbamberwork; sleep home. Ad-
dress 33 Crocker st., off Market.
ESPECTABLE SWEDISH GIRL WISHES
XV situation to do general housework in American
family. Please call this week at 785 Stevenson
st, off Ninth.
OUNG GIRL WISHES TO GO OUT BY THE
X day making ladies' skirts and children's
clothes; $1 25, 21 Van Ness aye., room 1.
"POSITION AS GOVERNESS OR COM-
Xpanion; can teach English, French, music,
fancy-work, sewing; city or country; pleasant
home more than salary. Address Governess, 326
Golden Gate aye.
/COMPETENT AMERICAN LADY WOULD
\J like to run a lodging-house on share or wages.
Address Mrs. H. T., box 14, this office.
/GERMAN WOMAN WANTS 1O DO WASH-
vJT ing, ironing and honsecleanlng. Address or
call 2 Precita aye.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS CARE OF
\J furnished rooms: not afraid of work. Ad-
dress E. A. D., 1231 Market st.
S HOUSEKEEPER FOR SMALL FAMILY:
no washing or ironing. Address MRS. W. A.
LEWIS, box 60, Call Office.
pEKMAN CHIEF COOK WANTS POSITION
vJ in private family or first-class boarding-bouse;
fine references. Address C. F., box 33, Call Office.
ANTED, BY A CAPABLE WOMAN, POHI-
-tion as a working housekeeper, or would do
general housework in a small family: city or
country; is a good cook and laundress; good refer-
ence. Apply for 3 days at 28 South Park.
COMPETENT REFINED DANISH GIRL
\J desires situation to do second work and sewing
or as lady's nurse; first-class references. Please
call from 10 to 3, 1623 Pine st.
C WEDISH GIRL WANTS A POSITION TO DO
O general housework; $20 a month. Address
541 Stevenson st, rear.
1.. V A RELIABLE GERMAN WOMAN IN EX-
■ ' change for unfurnished room and board, to do
sewing or care of invalid, or any kind of light
work during morning and part of afternoon: ar-
rangement can be made as lady desires. MRS.
£. D., Ash bury st, near Haves, basement.
GOOD COOK AND BAKER WANTS A BlTU-
atio&in hotel or boarding-house; city or coun-
try. Please call or address 645 Mission st.
ITUATION WANTED BY WOMAN LATE-
Iy from the East; is a good cook and laun-
dress; understands English and American cook-
ing; or will do housework. Call or address 358
Minna St., between Fourth and Fifth.
"I7MRST-CLABS MACHINE OPERATOR ON
£ any machine, or will do any kind of work from
Bto 6. Call between 11 and 4. 9 Rugs st.
LDERLY AMERICAN WOMAN WOULD
Xj like situation In family for light housework;
sewing; small wages. 625 Chestnut at., Oakland.
■yOUNG WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
X housekeeper, city or country. Address MRS.
8., 240 Harriett st, off Harrison.
IRST-CLASB DRESSMAKER WILL GO OUT
by the day or work at home; fit guaranteed;
reasonable. 219 Golden Gate aye.
GIERM AN GIRL WANTS SITUATION IN
T small American family. New Atlantic Hotel,
207 Montgomery aye.
r OUNG LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X traveling companion. Call 706 Ellis st. : ring 2
bells.
ITUATION WANTED BY A RELIABLE
O woman to do housework; is a good cook; will
do washing. 924 Washington st, near Powell.
OUNU GERMAN WOMAN, WITH A BABY,
wishes situation, in city or country. Inquire
207 Montgomery aye.
VTEAT GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION
— -l to do upstairs work and sewing. Call or ad-
dress 2505 Mission st.
INCHES'! ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THfl
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
HUNT_SXcC^C^iNE's_rA3rD7_IpANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st, below Kear-
ny, bet . California and Sacramento, teL 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY _CO., 640 Clay.
C.G. COOK'S SUC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
.branches :short notice. 14 Gearv. Grant. 49.
JW. JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
» ment office, 637 Commercial: tel. black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. BUB Butter: tel Grant 30.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 4141& O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
SITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT,
reliable man to make himself generally useful
around a private place; is good driver and fair
gardener and is handy with tools. Address S. G .
box 161, Call Office.
ANTED-BY YOUNG MAN, POSITION
to make himself generally useful where there
is a chance for advancement; good references.
Address A.'C., box 124, Call Office.
OUNG MAN OF 27, GOOD EDUCATION
wishes position of any kind; last employed as
manager of first-class hotel. I Address G. 8., 1471
Fifteenth st.
SITUATION WANTED BY USEFUL MAN
to work around house, take care of horses and
garden; references. Address C. 11., box 88, Call.'
ESPKCTA3LE BOY, AGED 14, WANTS
employment during school vacation. Please
address JESSE REIMERS, 327 Twenty-eighth St.
OUNG MAN, GERMAN, DESIRES SlTUA-
tionto make himself generally useful; good
references. Address H. It., box 3. Call office,
Oakland. • ...
ARDENER, PRACTICAL, OR MAN
VT about place, wishes situation; excellent refer-
ences. Address Gardener, 417 Kearny st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896.
_. SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
T A PANES E EXPERI E N CED COOK WANTS
tf a position In a family: city or vicinity. Ad-
dress Y. H., 319V_ O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE BOY WANTS A SITUATION AS
O schoolboy. Address KOI, box 16, Call Office.
AN AND WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE;
man understands general work on nrivate
place, horses, cattle, poultry: wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work: references.
Address T. 8., box 63, Call Office.
VODSG MAN WANTS A PLACE IN ME-
X chanical drawing; experience in tracing. Ad.
dress L. C. box 84, Call Office. .
"YOUNG MAN, GOOD ACCOUNTANT, FOUR
X years' experience, quick and accurate, desires
clerical position; Al references. Address C. P.,
box 134. Call Office^
ITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN
couple with 1 girl 3 years old: man good ranch
hand, handy with tools, can milk; wife good cook
and dressmaker. Address G. C, box 16, Call Office.
ELI ABLE MAN WISHES POSITION AS
XV porter; willing to do anything: speaks English,
German and French: handy with tools. Address
Reliable, box 102, Call Office.
YOUNG NAN, 18, STEADY HABITS, NO
X vices, wants employment; occupation more
the object than wages. Address C. D. E., box 8,
Call Office.
ANTED— BY A GOOD HARNESS-MAKER,
a job in a good shop out of town. Address
Harness-maker, box 134, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY JAPANESE
0 man and wife; first-class cook wife to wait on*
table and do general housework ; first-class refer-
ence. S. X.. box 30, Call Office.
YOUNG JAPANESE. NEAT AND FAITH-
X ful, desires situation to do general housework.
S. MORY, 709 Geary st. "
TITAN TED— POSITION AS SALESMAN OR
11 bookkeeper by man experienced in merchan-
dising; best of references. Address J. P. 8., 38V_
Moss st.
IRST -CLASS HELP FURNISHED ,ON
short notice. Columbia, 128 Fourth st
ROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
his services in the expertlng of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office. .
Window-washing and koom-sweep-
ing; all kinds of housecleanine; day or con-
tract. Address JAPANESE GEORGE, 12H>y 3
Lark in st.
STEADY YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION
of any kind; city or country: good driver;
small wages. R. S., box 102, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
wife, without children, to take care of ranch or
work on a private place: man understands all
kinds of ranch or private work; wife good cook;
both first-class references. Address J. 8. RATH-
GEBKR, Napa, Cal. '
2 PAINTERS WANT WORK BY THE DAY
or contract: have their own tools and falls;
first-class work done on the most reasonable terms;
satisfaction guaranteed. Address Painters, box
72, Call Office.
AXE WANTS SITUATION IN PRIVATE
family to take care of horses and garden; also
handy with carpenters' tools: references given.
Address W. R., box 9, this office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
ii Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per. night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free busHrvl baggaetMoand from the ferry.
FEMALE help WANTED.
ANT_ii^WOM!_N~COC^K~O^^^BA^CH',
$25; chambermaid, city, $16; German nurse-
girl, $15; laundress and second girl, $25; French
second girl, $20: girls for housework and assist,
$25, $20, $15 and $10. LEON ANDRE, 315
fctockton st.
WAITRESS AND CHAMBERMAID, ASSIST
11 waiting, first-class country hotel, short dis-
tance from city, $20: waitress.- first-class hotel,
north, $20: woman with child, $8. MURRAY A
READY, 634 Clay st.
OOK FOR MEN, $15; NEAT WOMAN.
housework and cooking, small family, $20,
nice country place. MURRAY A KEADY. 634
Clay st
1 A WAITRESSES, DIFFERENT COUNTRY
x\J hotels and resorts, $20 each. MURRAY &
READY, 634 Clay St.
MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN OR BCANDl-
navtan ranch 000k, $20; cook, small family,
near city, $20, and other places. MURRAY &
READY, 634 Clay st
OOK— MINING TOWN ; $30. MISS CULLEN,
\J 323 Sutter st .
pERMAN NURSERY GOVERNESS; $25 TO
VJT $30. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutler st.
pERMAN CHAMBERMAID AND SKAM-
vT stress, $25; 15 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $25; 6 young girls assist, $10
to $16. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter sU
AITERB, $20; COUNTRY. MISS CULLEN,
323 Suiter st.
/CHAMBERMAID, $15; LODGING-HOUSE.
\J MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
TVTEAT SECOND GIRL, $12. MISS CULLEN,
-> 3_3 Sutler st. ■ ■" ■■••-_
BENCH OR GERMAN NURSE, GO TO
1 New York, $20. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter
\\r ANTED— GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN
11 girl for cooking and housework, American
family, a short distance, $26, see lady here at 10
to-day; working housekeeper, $20; German cook,
830; cook, small hotel, $25; waitress, resort. $20;
and a great many Kins for cooking and housework
in city and country. J. F. CROsETT A CO., 312
Sutter st
IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
Bakery, cor. Telegraph aye. and Forty-third
st, Oakland.
pHAMBERMAID COUNTRY HOTEL, $15,
\J and girls for housework. R. T. WARD A CO.,
610 Clay st
A GERMAN NUKSEOIRLS, $20; COOK, 25;
Tl Swedish housegirl, $25; cook, $30; waitress,
boarding-house, country, $20: 8 housegirls, $15,
$20 and $25. 316 Sutter st.
ARTY DESIRING A LITTLE TYPEWRIT.
X ing done wishes the address of some one doing
the same. B. W., box 8. Call Office, San Francisco.
ANTED -A GERMAN WOMAN TO DO
housework. 1232 Union st., tipatalrs.
PESPECTABLE GIRL OR WOMAN, MIND
XX two children and light ho usework. 202 Town-
send st.
TESTA NT WOMAN; LIGHT' HOUSE.
X work; 2in family; plain cooking. 764 Howard.
17IINISHEKS AND APPRENTICES AND
-T buttonhole makers on custom vests. 1104%
Folsom st.
TT'XPEKIENCED APPRENTICE ON COATS;
X_ call between 10 and 13. 368 y_ Clementina st
ANTED— GOOD" SEWER FOR DRESS-
tt making. 3 I sis si., opposite Twelfth.
"YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUBEWORK, PLAIN
X cooking, $20; also nursegirl, SlO. 721 Ellis st
W ANTED— WOMAN TO PLAY PIANO AND
11 cook for four people at roadhou.se. Address
H. 8., box 32. Call Office.
■\TEAT YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK;
x\ wages $10 1122 a Sacramento st.
XPERIENCKD FINISHERS ON LADIES'
Hi cloaks. DANNENBAUM. MUELLER &
X AHN. 723 Market st - . ■
■\TOUNG GIRL WANTED TO ASSIST IN
X housework and take care of child. 834 Howard.
IjURST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WANTED.
JP 605% Natoma st
* PPRENTICE ON CUSTOM COATS; PAID
Aby learning. 1020 Folsom St., bet. Sixth and
Seventh. ■ - ; .
p LOVfiMAKER "WANTED— ONE KXPERI-
VX enced In setting in fourcetts and banding. . 431
Fulton st. . .
ANTED— GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUBK-
work and cooking. Apply after 9a. if., 1125
Laguna at. : -- . - ■
OMAN OVER 25 TO TRAVEL FOR
wholesale house. .' Only those desiring perma-
nent position need apply. Address Woman, box
32, Call. . ' . - -..'■■
■A PPRENTICE TO LEARN DRESSMAKING.
-ft. 2005 Bush st. after 11 a. m.
"LiNEKGETIC YOUNG WOMAN TO SOLICIT
Xj for printing-house; salary. Address W., box
137, Call Office. . -•
"I ADIES TO SELL . TOILET PREPARA-
XJ tions: hairdressing, manicuring, beauty cul-
ture taught free; exclusive rights. MRS. M. J.
BUTLER, 131 Post sU ,
DKESSCUTTING AND FITTING TAUGHT
xJ thoroughly in three hours or less at MRS. R.
L. JON dressmaking school, 506 Fell st.
FIRST-CLASS OPERATORS ON SINGER OR
Wheeler A Wilson machines. 316 Sutter st.
HAIR-DKESSING: MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st and 105 Ninth.
A PPRENTICES — FREE LESSONS EVERY
A rues, in dresscutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
PENSIONS— J. H. BHEPARD A CO., OLD RR-
X liable attorneys, 1068 East 16th st, Oakland.
HAIRDRES-INO, 25c AND 85o; MORNING
and eve classes; 101easons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
pOAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 641 MARKET
\J street. ■ . . ■■ .. .■,■.....■■■■-''-
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
KEBBMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
' XJ taught; new styles: perfect' fitting ' patterns
26c en. MCDOWELL Academy. 21» Powell st :
MALE HELP WANTED.
TCVNG I NEE A CIHIN IST'
XU cian who can handle storage batteries; $60;
must have references. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st. ■ , ■ ,
1 A QUARTZ MINERS, $2 50 A DAY, SEE
J- vf party here; Scandinavian or German quartz
miners. $2 60 to $2 75 a day; 6 farmers near
city, $20, $26 and $26: 5 milkers,. $20. . C. K.
HA NSKN<fe CO.. 110 Geary St. . . . .. -^
pHEESEM AKER, $30 AND FOUND; 3 MILK-
\J ers. $25; butter-maker, $25 and found; man to
milk a few cows, $18: 4 laborers for ranch. I MUR-
RAY <fe READY, Leading f Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st. : . . ; .
Q HAY-BAJ.ERS. 18c TON. TO GO TO-DAY.
O MURRAY <_ READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay it.
HELP WANTED— Continued. .
COACHMAN AND MAN ABOUT PLACE
with first-class city references. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., up Geary st.
KCOND COOK; COUNTRY" HOTEL, $60
and fare advanced: short-order cook, lunch
counter, country, $40: bedmaker, country hotel,
$25; 2 waiters for springs, $26. C. B. HANSEN
CO., 110 Geary st :
pOLORED BARBER FOR SPRINGS; SHAM-
\J pooer tor springs, $25 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN «fe CO., no Geary st. ' . ■'--■■
T ABORERS FOR RAILROAD WORK; $1 75
-L' a day; free fare. CR. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st. ____________
XT EAD LAUNDRYMAN, WITH FIRST-CLASS
XX references: man to run Sinclair bosom Ironer,
$50; marker, country laundry, $35; ironer, coun-
try laundry, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st. • - . : . - ■
AKER, $45 AND FOUND, COUNTRY SHOP;
XJ second baker, country shop, $25 and found; 6
cooks. $25, $35, $60 and $70; 5 waiters, $25 and
$30; 3 dishwashers, $15 and $20: ironer, Troy ma-
chine, $10 a week. MURRAY & READY. Lead-
lng Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st
1 A MEN TO DIG IRRIGATION DITCHES,
Xvf pick fruit, make hay and do other work on
ranch; $20 and found: steady job for a large bank-
ing company's ranch. MURRAY A READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st
6 2-HORBE TEAMSTERS, $1 60 DAY; 10 LA-
borers, $160 day city work. MURRAY *
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
Oft CHOPPERS TAN BARK, $1 DAY AND
— ' \f board; «0 tlemakers, 8c and 10c each; 10 la-
borers to build roads in woods, $26 and found.
MURRAY A READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. ■ ■■
ENGINEER FOR A MINE, $26 AND FOUND:
teamster for a mine, $26 and found; 3 black-
smiths; charcoal burner. MURRAY «fc READY,
leading employment agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
on FARMERS. ORCHARD. vineyard and
— <V ranch bands, $20 and $26; German farmer
and wife, $35; man to herd hogs. $15; boy to ride
horse on a ranch, $12, steady job. MURRAY A
READY, leading employment agents, 634 and
636 Clay st. - r
\\T ANTED - RESPONSIBLE MAN, GOOD
.'» rustler, to take the agency of an ice company
and sell ice on percentage; wagon and horses fur-
nished and ice delivered at wharf in Han Francisco;
good chance for gooa man. Apply in person only
to W. D. EWER A CO., «26 Clay »_____
WANTED— GOOD STRONG BOY A LITTLE
" handy with tools, to work about a factory in
city: wages $4 per week. Apply to W. D. EWER
A CO., 626 Clay st. ■
WANTED-2 CEMENT FINISHERS FOR
Central America, $9 day silver; farmer and
wife, $30; milkers. $20 and $25; farmers, $20;
woodsmen, $26: bark-peelers $26; cook for resort
$35; second cooks, waiters and otners. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento sU
WANTED- WASHER, $40 AND FOUND;
ironer, SU Clair ' machine, $40 and found,
same laundry; steady work. J. F. CROaETT <fc
CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
I A CHOPPERS TO WORK IN TAN OAK,
X\J $26 and board; 2 milkers, $25: • man for
brickyard, $2 50 a day: farm hand for orchard,
*2n; vegetable man, $15. R. T. WARD A CO..
608 and 610 Clay st. •
COOK-MINING TOWN; $30. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st. -
\1 IDDLK-AGED GERMAN MAN; $10. MISS
-VI CULLEN, 323 Sutter st
RAILROAD LABORERS, $1 75 PER DAY.
XX Apply 9 to 12 o'clock to-day, HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st
WANTED— MAN FOR SHIRT MACHINE.
»T Lick Laundry, 9 Lick place.
T^XPERIENCEDBOYTO HELP IN BAKERY.
X_ 1139 Folsom st.
TIELIABLE MAN FOR A LIQUOR STORE:
XX must have good references. R. D., box 4, Call.
\\T ANTED SEVERAL RELIABLE ADVER-
tt tising solicitors; permanent position. Ad-
dress F. J. A., box 12, Call Office.
INE ETCHERS. BOLTON <fc STRONG, 610
Montgomery st
IMKST-CLASS CARRIAGE - TRIMMER; A
JT steady job. Apply at 265 Stevenson st.
•PROFITABLE EMPLOYMENT FOR COM PE-
X tent young man: $125 required. 777 Market.
ANTED— GOOD PIANO- PLAYER FOR
Sundays. Inquire Neckhaus Garden, Fruit-
vale.
ANTED — SHOEMAKER, HARNESS-
maker and baker, country. Labor Exchange,
226 Clay st
ANTED— BOY OVER 14 YEARS OLD IN
11 tailor-shop. 309 Clementina st.
ANTED— BARBER FOR WEDNESDAY,
Saturday and Sunday. 1431 Dupont st.
ANTED— IRONERS AT GOLDEN GATE
if Laundry, 2021 Lombard st.
TTe neral BLACKSMITH HOKSESHOER.
" X San Bruno road and Silver aye.
T>ARBER WANTED"; STEADY. 630 FOURTH
XJ street.
ANTED— YOUNG BUTCHER AT CORNER
TT of Grove and Laguna sts. .
O INSURANCE MEN CAPABLE OF EARN-
-^ ing $35 per week. Room 6, 6th ii oor Mills bldg
II ARBERS— FOR" EMPLOYMENT CALL BEC-
XJ retary Barbers' Asso., 102 Seventh. H.Bernard.'
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROKLL, 657 Clay.
1 > AKBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
J-> menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 239 y a O'Farrell.
T>ARBER-SHOP— THE FINEST AND BEST-
XJ paying shop in Reno, Nevada; $1200. Apply
to BTOLTZ. 630 Market st
ARBER-SHOP— HALF-INTEREST IN YOLO
1> County: sickness cause of selling. Apply to
OLTZ, 630 Market st.
|> ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE. 131 KLLIS ST.
ARBEP.-SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP; RETIR-
ing on account of sickness; rent cheap. 342
Union st.
j,ARBEH-MHOP, CLEAN, CHEAP; CAUSE,
J' age and sickness. 1119 a Folso 11 street.
ARBERS, ATTENTION ! FINE SHOP FOR
sale: established 3 years; owner Is going in
business with father. Inquire Call Office.
I>ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE INSTALL-
JJ ments; cheap. Apply 1144 Folsom st. -
O CHAIR. 16-CENT BARBER-SHOP; CLEARS
O $30 a week; immediate sale; owner leaving
city. Apply, this office.
PARTNER IN ESTABLISHED SHOW CARD
X and sign business; chance to learn trade; small
capital. FRASER, 809b Mission st. ■
ANTED— IOOO MEN AT DUBLIN LOTUS
barber-shop; newly opened: shaving 6c; hair-
cutting 10c; biggest and best in city. 207 Fourth st
STHMA CURE GUARANTEED: DR. GOR-
dln's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
NEW WALDO HOUSE, 7M MISSION, BET.
3d and 4lh— Single furnished rooms, nijcht 16c to
: week $1 to $2 60: reading-room; strictest atten-
tion to morning calls: clean: quiet; open all ntuht
C_O9fr HONEST PARTNER IN ESTAB-
iTO—O. lished, good-paying business. P., box
136, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN FOR OFFICE; MUbT 'HAVES
X $150. R. E-. box 69. Call Office.
©17fV BARBER-SHOP AND BATHS IS A
«Jp X I _». beautiful summer resort of 4000 inhab-
itants; well worth $300. MACGILLIVHAY A
CO., 1028 Market st. ,
FOR""SALE-$26; GRAVEL DRYWA6HER;6
tons a day. KALBBURY, 2010 Ellis st
ANTED— PARTNER; PAYING BUSINESS;
11 cheap rent; clearing $50 monthly to each;
small capital: good investment. 235 Third st. ■
WANTED— THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less than 6 feet & inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits: able to read,
write and speak English properly: only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducement!:; giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office-. 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
C/ftl. A.
\,\r ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
• 1 some simple thing to patent Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A rtf., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted. ...;.. .-. ,
MEN'S HALF-SOLING. 50c: LADIES. 40c:
done while you wait 688 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market.opp.Wlll A Flnck's, B.F.
ALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 60:
) half-soleing 25c up. 969 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
WANTED-BAD ACCOUNTS COLLECTED
at once; will buy them. Columbia. 128 4th st
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do . your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait
662 Mission st, between First and Second sts.
MEN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep it , -:..-. '■
BEBI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR BECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house new c_tf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
LCHO HOUSE, 8631* > MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $S week.
JUST OPENED; CONTINENTAL HOUBeTo2I
,«. Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price, sc,
10c, 1 5c per night; clean beds, sunny rooms.
\\r ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»T to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 160
large rooms; per night; $1 to $3 per week. ■
\\T INCUESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
11 Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
i WANTED— MEN 'TO LEARN BARBER
tt trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent 8. F. Barber School, 1516 Howard,
CLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\J acts adjusted. RATTO'S. 612 My, tel. m. 353.
BEST IN CITY—SING • E ROOMS, 15, 30 AND
_ 26 cents per night. $1. $ 1 26, SI 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
8. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; HOT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents.
DOOMS 16c TO 76c PER NIGHT; 500 TO $1 50
II oar wmic. Oriental. 225 Drumm «U
HELP WANTED— Continued.
HAT CHEEiTHOUSETiSg SACBAMENTO
St.; 200 rooms; best in the city, single rooms
20 and 25c a night, *1 a week: meals 10c.
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES D UK LABOR
ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sutter
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
x.i am.; single furnished rms 76c week, 16c night.
"I IIA MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 15c
_L\ i\J and 300 a night, including coffee I and rolls.
634 Washington St., near Kearny. ; ■■-■ ■ • _
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 150 A DAY: $_.
-r«ek; rooms for two, 26c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
MEN'S SECOND-HAND . SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
11 REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
also a bom eof lager. 6c, at 637 Clay st. ■
rpKY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST, BK-
J low Sixiti. for a room- gfto a plight: $1 »______
AGENTS WANTED. ~
A" GENT WANTED FOR GOLD-N GATE
Dye Works. 342 McAllister st.
; . FTJKNITURE WANTED. .
OJD-HAND FURNITURE FOR COUNTRY:
ii good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
MALONK PAYB 20 PER CENT MOBK
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st. -
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOB FURNl-
tnre and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkln.
UFFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
X> send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market. -
SBASCH. 321 BUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. rarpets. piano. 1185 Market: tel. Jessie 761.
WANTED-MISCELLAJSEOUS.
alJteTS^b^a^y^cXrrjage^ 4T~SHOIV
11 well, nr. Howard. ■;*
QECOND-HAND CAMPING OUTFIT CHEAP.
0 Address 8. H.. box 16, Call Office. ;
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elry 10 A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth »t. : send postal.
LOST.
T OST— SATUR^AY^i ; T^RI^ONr7nNE~r3^
XJ in vicinity of San Rafael or Ross Valley, silk fob
watch chain, with square gold locket, monogram
888, and seal buckle; $5 reward. P.eturn to WAL-
TER J. WILEY, cate CHARLES B. STONE, 403
Market St., San Francisco.
OST— CERTIFICATE NO. 164 FOR 368
' shares of the capital stock of the Dutch Min-
ing and Milling Company. Finder will be re-
warded by returning same to GEORGE W. GER-
HARD, secretary, rooms 67 and 68. Stevenson
building, 511 California st., San Francisco.
Turn CAPE— SATURDAY NIGHT FROM
J? Market to Potter. Return to 1774 Howard st. ;
reward.
T ADY'S GOLD WATCH LOST ON OR NEAR
XJ Twenty-fourth street; "J.H. S.". engraved on
the case. A liberal reward by returning to MR&.
SHIELDS, 1419 Sanchez st., near Duncan.
Vi EERBCHAUM CIGAR-HOLDER; LIBERAL
Ii- reward. Return to 100 Hayes st. -
AIR EYEGLASSES IN "chatelaine, ON
Wasnington and Powell-st. cars, or on O'Farrell,
bet. Powell and Market. Reward at 1849 Jackson.
LOST— 14,' NEAR TWENTY-FOURTH
XJ and Bryant, lady's feather boa. Return to 2508
Bryant st. and receive reward.
T OST —FOX HOUND BITCH; SPOTTED
Xj black, white and tan. Finder return to A. H.
M. DAMON, cor. Seminary Park, receive reward.
AY HORSE, SUNDAY, ON SAN BRUNO
road. Return Jersey Farm, 837 Howard st.
HE PARTY WHO FOUND A PURSE ON
Larkin-st. cars last Sunday is known. Please
return to Butter-st. Railroad office: reward.
OST— DWARF PARROT; THE BoY WHO
caught it Sunday please return to-day. 11 Van
Ness aye. ; reward.
J OST— FRIDAY, BRIDGE MEDAL: IN^
- scrip tion Win. J. BoradorL Reward !at 32
California st. .
1/<OX-TERRIER BITCH, WHITE, TAN EARS,
a double spot right side. 1326 Page St.: reward. :
1 OST— A PASSBOOK with THE hibernia i
XJ Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in !
the name of BRIDGET E. SULLIVAN, No.
201513. The finder will please return to bank.
FOU_JD.
FOUND— A GRAY HORSE; ON THE BEACH.
X Owner call at fruit store, corner of Mason and
Union sis. ' '
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THBHER~UPRIGHT, '$T_ST"MARiHALL' <_
JD Wendell. $125: bargains at $150 and $176.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market.
LIGHTLY USED HAKDMAN UPRIGHT:
magnificent tone and case; lady leaving for
New York and wants an offer. - Room 10, Flood
building. :
■\f AGNIFICENT STEINWAY UPRIGHT:
liL lady forced to sell. Room 10, 809 Market st.
lANOS HALF PRICE.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
to CLOSE ESTATE of CHAS S. eaton.
MUST SEL...
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; exceptional opportunity to bay.
Call and examine. 735 Market st.
a__R HALLET & DAVIS PIANO FOR SALE;
«lP'"lc). $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
_I*lk FINE BABY GRAND PIANO: A
<g) « iiO. bargain. 614 Butter.
AS OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., Stein way representatives.
STEINWAY $175: STECK $150: STEKL-
Ing $100; Ladd $60. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
PIANOS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CER CO., 933 Market st.
TEINWA V BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
O at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPENCER CO.,
933 Market st. ,
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
XJ <& Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st.
/^LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed In New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins. $1 86: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale.: J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St., Spreckels building. |
C»l or FINE CHICKERING; SCHMITZ, 16 |
tjpi-jj. McAllister st, next to Hibernia Bank.
pHICKKKINO, KNABK, BTBCK.VOPB, BTER-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187: pianos
*or rent. BENJ. CUKTAZ _ SON, 16 O'Farrell.
BYKON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMBU,
.\ewbv A Evans. Brig— and other pianos.
CPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD ANEW
O H. MOLLER. maker, repairer. 9 Latham place.
DENTISTS.
]^IBBT-CLASB DKNTISTRY- FIRST-CLASS I
X? prices; flrst-ctass results: painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. C. HAH-
PINO, CM., M.D., 600 Sutter St., corner Powell. .
I R. DUCKETT, 1703 POST ST., NEAR BD-
xJ chanan; gas given; crown and bridge worK.
R.L. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st,, cor. Grant ays. •
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $6 ; fillings frm $1 ; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
<H»7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
•P • good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh; no charge for extracting whei
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
IjUJLi, ■ ft.c.l Oh' TEETH. $7; WARRANTED
' five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 Sixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
O Q. YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. .
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. THJS GEN INK
X) Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved br*idge work or teem
without any plate, moved from t> to 20 O'Farrell st.
T>AIN LESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH. P.D.S.. 81534 Geary.
OL.TON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. SOB MAK-
ketsU. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon. '
LX. WORK REASONABLE AND WAJT
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
ATTOKJiEYS-AT-LAW. ■ ■ ' *
A DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECt-
—X alty; private: no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collection*, wills, deeds, etc., at*
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, 860 Market.
RW. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
• ide Dldg; advice free, moderate; open evngs.
E. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS;
• R. E. titles and wills: money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. .. Offices 608 California st.
m J. MURRAY, ATI" V AND COUNSELOR AT
-X . law; advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15. ,
W. DAVIDSON.ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 420
. California st.. rooms 14 and 16: advice free.
~~~ i . ; STORAGE. ; 7 ' '/ :'
T'arg'e'dry' 'basement' wit h~hydrau^
XJ lie sidewalk elevator. Apply 823 Market. ■
m H. ROONEY. 722 MIBSION— STORAGE AT
X .reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
TOR AGE— CHEAP"EBT IN THE CITY ; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin. ■>•
I FURNITURE, PIANOS, • TRUNKS; AD-
vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR, 2O4 Post.
OWEST RATES-FURNITURE, PIANOS,
household goods, etc. J. M. Pierce, 735 Market
' A ■■;■' B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 133 ELLIS;
— X. low rates: fire-proof building: Eastern * plan.
__ /_■[.■■'.-. TYPEWRITERS.
"V OStT's3o; CALIGRAPH, $25; SEND FOR
X sample work. SCOTT A BAN NAN, 333 Monty
BUSINESS CHANCES.
4ttl 7^ PABTNEiTV ANTED IN SALOON
*!P-L 1 O. north of Market, near Kearny; owner
there 6 years. M. LESS A CO., 783% Market st__
4_9P»n RESTAURANT; 3 LIVING ROOMS: •
tjp^»JV7. rent 20: doing Al business: daily re-
ceipts $10. M. LESS A CO., 783 y a Market st. - -
qPOKfin CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
ig)iJ*J\J\J. exceptionally good location: large
well-selected stock; fine store trade; big bar busi-
ness: large outside route; bargain. M. LESS CO.,
783 Market st.
<i__inn SALOON; THRIVING INTERIOR
<p"iv/l/. town; opposite large railroad depot;
cheap rent; living rooms; receipts $10; dally ex-
penses $1; good stock. .M. LESS CO., 783V_
Market St. " .
©^Cj \ FIRST-CLASS MILLINERY STORE-
«Ip_:«JW. north of Market; vicinity of Baldwin;
large and very fine patronage; A 1 stock; living-
rooms;- offer merits attention. M. LESS A CO.
783 Market st. ■ -
©^Hft SALOON; TERMINUS 3 BIG ( ABLS
<fi)—\j\J. lines; value in sight; fine trade; gen-
uine bargain; other business. M. LESS A CO.,
783y 3 Market st. ______
(Jlifinn GROCERY AND BAR: FINE EBTAB-
(JpOUI/. lished place doing good business; the
stock is frrsb: rent cheap and the locality fine;
nee this at once: a rare chance; good reason for
selling. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. :
4RArtft PARTNER IN ELEGANT PAYING
tJPUV'V/. business; will stand the fullest Investi-
gation; rare chance for young or middle-aged
man; only object in taking partner is to enlarge
the business. T. -ÜBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<2» I _nfl AN ELEGANT BUTCHER-SHOP
<© LTtv/U. across the bay, with two horses and
wagons, fine fixtures, safe, cash rec ster: working
3 men and doing fine business; only object of sell-
Ing sickness; investigate at once. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye. . .
<8i 1 CiA EQUITY IN TWO LOTS IN THE
<3DXU_:. well-known Fair OaKs Addition to the
city of Stockton, or will trade for small business.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
»MA FINE STATIONERY AND CONFEC-
tJpUUW. tionery business; in good locality; rent
cheap; with 3 elegant living-rooms; the best bar-
gain for the money ever offered in this city; see
this to-day. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ffljOOX BRANCH BAKERY AND DELl-
tjp^__j«J. <-acy; flue location; cheap rent: 5 liv-
ing-rooms finely furnished and complete; a snap
for the money. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
TF YOU WANT TO BUY A BUSINESS PLACE
Xof any kind, or lodging-house, see T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye. '
SPOT CASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF MER-
chandise. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
<3tftnn BAKERY: FINE BRICK OVEN:
tJpUUvJ. using 2 barrels flour daily: rent cheap;
locality finest; all store trade: fine living-rooms;
if you see this bargain you will purchase. T. LU-
BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
OHO RESTAURANT AND OYSTER PAR-
fS)U\J\J. lor taking in $35 a day; fine locality;
cheap rent; furnished well and a rare bargain; see
this at once; object for selling going to Europe. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. ..
fli^nfi BRANCH BAKERY; DOING VERY
»JptJv/U. good .business; daily receipts above
$10; 3 living-rooms- rent $22; rarest chance.
WILKE <fc WOLF. 531 California st.
djj?JArv CORNER GROCERY AND BAR.
tJpUvv. with living rooms; large custom from
good-settled neighborhood; low r nt: full value in
sight. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California st.
fflj£:nn saloon, kept by present
*IP»JUU. owner 9 years, located on Third St., nr.
Market: owner wants to retire; full value $1500;
investigate at once. WILKE <_ WOLF, 631 Cala.
fl_ QA A RESTAURANT DOING LARGE
(IPOUv/. business: good prices; north of Market
st. jWILKE & WOLF. 531 California st.
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly. HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny su
CgO/mrv HOTEL OF 24 ROOMS, BAR,
tlp_iUUv/. dining-room, etc., summer resort, 1
hour's ride from San Francisco, clearing $150 per
month; rooms commanding a beautiful marine
view: must be Been to be appreciated; part of pur-
chase price can remain satisfactory reasons given
for selling. Apply W. F. HEALY, 28 Kearny.
(JTj.jrrv PARTNER IN CONTRACTING
«jpO_IV/. business, must be willing to work; to
such a party a fine opportunity is offered, clearing
$80 each month. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
{fit} PARTNER WANTED FOR FIRST-
»JpT:UU. class real 'estate and business office;
good location. A. WERTHEIM, 997 Market st
(J»97r BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
tjp~ I _>. notion store: best location; elegant
fixtures: good stock; cheap rent. A. WERT-
HEIM, 997 Market st.
<UiQ{\f\f\ HOTEL AND RESTAURANT,
«IpZiUUU. with building: fine business; no bet-
ter location: everything in first-class order; must
be sold; no reasonable- offer refused. J. REIDY,
13% Sixth.
C A ROOM HOTEL; RENT $70: BUSINESS
*J\J location: $1500. DECKER, 1020 Market.
aft*},-: A GREAT SACRIFICE; 11 ROOMS,
«•'". nicely furnished; all rented and paying
rent, $30. KENNY & CO., 765 Market
<J_9ort PARTNER TO PURCHASE HALF
tJp^OXJ. interest in well-paying saloon near
Kearny St.; run place night and day; German
preferred: don't miss it. .STENBERG CO., 632
Market st. ' : .-■ " ■ ' • ■
lfl»f»/lA SALOON AND LIQUOR STORK:
tJpDUU. south of and nr. Market: receipts $15 to
$20: full value; stock and'flxtures; family trouble.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market st
©1 n nnn road house, across the
«n?XU.V*vV/. bay, near railroad depot: hand-
somely furnished rooms, bar, dining-room, parlors
and promenade grounds: finest family and sum-
mer resort; well known as enjoying most desirable
class of patronage: good bar trade the year round:
this offer never equaled; means a fortune in a few
years: owner owns the property; satisfy yourself.
STENBEKG & CO., 632 Market St.
Cj*l O(\f\ RESTAURANT, OYSTEK-HOUSE,
tJpXUvv/. handsome private rooms: three en-
trances; old-established trade; chance rarely of-
fered in lifetime, where, with $1600 invested, large
income certain. STENBERG & CO.. 632 Market.
d£Qn BUTTER, MILK A D DELICACY
«Jp«7U, store: thriving location; living-rooms;
new stock; suitable for family. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market st.
d_QOK LUNCH HOUSE AND SALOON;
<}pO— JO. central: doing $20 daily: rent moder-
ate; no night or Sunday work; value In sight; good
reasons for selling. JOHNSTON. -'6% Kearny.
<J_ r Art WOOD. COAL AND EXPRESS BUBI-
»IrU''U. ness: 4 horses, 4 wagons; boiler, engine
running; saws, scales, etc. ; positively clears $160
per month. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market.
d_7CA WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
»lp I O\J and notion business; clearing over $100
month; building Included; ground rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT <_ SKIFF, 921 Market.
p ROCERY-STORE, WITH GOOD ASSORTED
VJT stock, doing large family trade: this is » fine
opportunity to get a good-paying business. Par-
ticulars of J. B. MIH AN. 509 Kearny st.
OR SALE— BEST OPPORTUNITY FOR MAN
and wife, Al delicacies and produce store lo-
cated in Siml <fc son's meat market, 729 Mont-
gomery aye.; one of the best stores In North
Beach: see It and you will be convinced: wife be-
came Invalid.
LOR SALE-CIGAR-STORE AND BARBER,
r shop; gooJ stock; price $326. PHILBRICK,
2548 Kolsoni St.
/CHOICE INVESTMENT OF HOTEL PROP-
\J erty : pays 12 per cent: 93000 or $4000 cash;
grocery or bar as par. payment. 1019 Ellis.
(J_ H -n LUNCH-COUNTER BUSINESB IN A
<Jsc)l/. place where hundreds of men congregate
everyday; free rent: sold on account of other
business. Apply 15 Leldt-sdorffsU
UST BE SOLD TO-DAY— A FINE SALOON
near carhonse. 1434 Howard at.
m»7P. BRANCH BAKERY AND VARIETY
illly. store, with 4 rooms; rent $20: a bargain.
Business Exchange, 777 Market st.
<Ei(tn GOOD" BUSINESS: CLEARS $12 TO
«J)UU. $15 week; must sell this week ; ac-
count of other business. C. C, box 16, Call Office.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
close estate: business esU since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. D. , box 137, Call Office.
ESIAURANT; GOOD LOCATION; WELL
fitted up; offer wanted. W. 0., box 8, Call. '
pROCERY AND BAR; 4 LIVING-ROOMS-
VX flue corner cash business: rent taken out in
trade; will sell cheap. Apply 439 Grove st.
% '-i £»O COMPLETE stock of acre
<p_>_»V/. poultry ranch: on streetcar line; Fruit-
vale; low rent. 34 Docohoe building.
0" LD ESTABLISHED CREAMERY, DELl-
cacies aDd produce business; owner leaving
city. D.G., box 19, Call. «=."iuk
flJl^nn ROADSIDE SALOON: TERMINUS 4
tlpciUV/. car lines: fine dining-room connected-
sickness cause of sale. M., box 23, CalL ,
PARTNER WANTED BY A LADY; GOOD
X proposition; $75 capital. 11 Taylor St., room 1.
ffljcA branch bakery, confection-
«Jr«J\/. eryand notions: good location: no living
rooms; going away the cause for selling. 3332
Mission st. ' ' ••■ - "-■ ■ .
PA RTNER WANTED THIS DAY;
tJpOUV. take half-interest in well-established
business; tend to outside delivery and collection*
money secured. Address 8., box 129. this office.
ffljOOC BRANCH BAKERY, NOTION AN9
«©_j_i_». candy store doing good business- sold
on account of leaving city. Apply Call Office. ,
pIGAR, STATIONERY BTORE; GOOD BUBI-
\J ness: living rooms: established years. 29
Ninth st. ■• . ■ , t
$300 W . ILL BUY GROCERY AND BAR;
*pO\J\J 4 rooms furnished: rent $15; whole
house; other business to attend to- a snap. Co-
lumbla, 128 Fourth st. . *"
COAL AND TEAMING-ENERGETIC MAN
\J with some capital; good paying legitimate
£ ?, in 42 ?: Principals only. Address Coal, box 17,
call Office. . _■ "•-.?, -
OR SALE -OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON
™v£?2»J" cellar in a near-by town. Inquire
WICHMAN, LUTGENS A CO., 318 Clay st. - '
T\RUG-STORE-$lOOO WILL BUY A*PaYING
XJ store: invoice $1600. Address Drug, box 59,
Call Office. •
iKI^kAWILL BUY A HALF-INTKREST
WX.''O\J i 1 the Al wholesale and retail liquor
store, 342 Turk street, corner Hyde: large liquor,
wine, beer and porter house; S horses and wagons
running: old-established business: will sell the
whole. Call after 7p. m.
WANTED-STOI'K OF MERCHANDISE, VA-
- 1 11 cant lots or building materials, in exchange for
equity . in 1'•-or - 2 ' new . 2-story, 6-room cottage
houses, with Darn. 1402 Devisadero si.
BPSUTESS CHAHCES- Continued ,
©1 1(\ FINE CORNER A LOON; FIRST-
tip JL I U. class fixtures: best location; right in
the manufacturing district: cheap rent: 4 living-
rooms; a bargain. GEO. STEWART. 602 Market.
(JljCprrv FINE GROCERY ANDBAR; SITU-
tSiOOxJ. ated on fine cornet in Western Addi-
tion: carries nice stock: good bar trade; 4 living-
rooms; cheap rent; a bargain. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market st. \
Steady man WITH $225 CAPITAL AS
O partner in paying downtown restaurant;
owner good cook. . Inquire of J. MKYER, 40 clay.
TTIORBALE OR RENT— FIRST-CLASS BLACK-
-T smith and . machine-snop ■ in one of the best
towns in the State. Address D. A. FAULKNER,
364 T« elfth st., Oakland. • 1
©OPirtfi FIRST-CLASS SALOON"; LEASE;
«p^sOl/U. good trade; owner retiring; chance
of a lifetime. Address JONES, box 66, call.
E^TAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOR"
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value la
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 33-1 Mission. \
ARTNER WITH $100 CAPITA! WANTED
by lady of means. Room 2. 12 Mason st.
FOR SALE— S4SO: WELL STOCKED;
0 good location: good reason for telling; no
agents. Address Z., box 148. this office^ f
GOOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market, room 2.
<J_?innA CHAMPAGNE BUSINESS ToR
«JpOUUU. sale;- well established: complete
manufacturing plant; stock, etc. ; principals only.
Apply F. I. CASTELHUN, rooms 4 and 5,325
Montgomery st. L_— ___
©^Ja/Ta~f'or . HALF INTEREST IN a
<!P«"vU manufacturing business. 328 Bash St.,
room 4. • . ;
AKERY AND RESTAURANT FOR SALE
at 49 Second st. .;■.■ /.:■.-'■ ;• ;
RESTAURANT ON MARKET ST.;
XI your own price; rent paid. Apply this office.
ILL TRADE HALF INTEREST IN BEST
paying restaurant in city for lodging-house;
call early a snap. Columbia, 128 Fourth sU
IF YOU WANT TO BUY. SELL OR EX-
change real estate or personal property of any
kind call or send full particulars to W. H. Mac-
GILLIVRAY <fc CO.. 1028 Market st., 8. F.; we
will gaurantee to sell in 30 days.
C£l (^fi CORNER SALOON; WORTH $600;
WX-*J\J. fine stock and fixtures; living-rooms;
must sell to-day on account of death. Apply 631
California st .
<Q> 1 F.(\ COFFEE ANDCHOP HOUSE; SAME
tjpXOV/. hands 7 years. J. COLE, 506 Howard.
LIQUOR-STORE NEWLY 6 PEN ED WILL
sell at once. Call 309 Third st. ' ...'
mwo-sTORY BUILDING AND SALOON fob;
; X sale. 3352 Mission St., NW. cor. Thirtieth.
d_"l f\(\f\ HALF INTEREST IN OLD EST AB-
«]PXVvV/. lished, well stocked, good paying
general store out of town; double value in sight;
trial given; 1 partner retiring. Apply Call Office.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash ; city or country. M., box 2. Call.
pBOCERY AND BAR FOR SALE. 553
\X Minna st., bet. -ixth and Seventh. - - '
fl_oc/\rv BUTCHER BUSINESS; FINEST
<$)—O\i\J. fitted market in this city, no excep-
tion; good cash and outside trade; horses, wagons;
Investigation invited. 630 Hayes st.
p OOD- PAYING RESTAURANT; BET. TWO
\X carhouses: living-rooms; rent 17. 3279 Mis-
sion st. -
T^OR SALE— GOOD BUSINESS WITH STOCK
" and fixtures, suitable for man and wife or _
ladies: rooms bark of store. 610 Post st. ■ 1
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE. .
£\C\(\ 50-ROOM HOTEL, NEAR UNION
tin I O\J\J. Iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market.
1 .(-KOOM HOUSE ON MISSION; BARGAIN;
X"! must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
1 C-KOOM COR. HOUSE, NEAR BALDWIN}
X_» must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG^
Ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<J_i r/\ NICEST, SUNNY, COZY LITTLE 4-
tjp 1 uv. room house In the city. 4O2y a Geary st. .
17>URN1TU RE, BEDDING. LINEN, ETC OF
" 9 rooms for sale cheap. 216 Seventh st. '
T ODOING-HOUSE.27 ROOMS, $600: CLEARS
XJ $110 a month. Address L. H., box 26, Call. >
UOARDING AND LODGING HOUSE- FOH
ii sale at 39 Pacific st 
HOUSE OF 15 WELL- LIGHTED ROOMS
suitable for lodging-house; $20. 544 Sixth st.
90 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR $600;
-wO low rent. Inquire grocery. 40 Sixth st.
IL'RNITIKE .I OK SALE. . . '
A~~^P^CIAT^AL^r^F^BKi>^OUNGEsI =£
50 bed-lounges (worth $7 50) $4 00
i Floor oilcloth 20
English Linoleum . 35
Brussels Carpet .....' 45
4-room outfit, solid oaK 75 00
SHIKEK & SHIREK, 747 Market st.
I.EFOKE SELLING FURNITURE. CARPETS
H or merchandise see J. C. MUTHER, 601 Cali-
fornia St., cor. Kearny. : - ' .
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
IRE SALE! .-.-■ '■ •
Prices stand till roods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed seta ....,....,„. ..%\%Vi
Bsd lounges 8 03
Stoves 7 53
Carpets, peryard. ....................... ...... 55
Linoleum, per yard ...<•... 55
Matting, peryard 10-
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner beventii - and Mission sta. J.
NOON AN.
Af\t\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
tUU stoves, $5 ; parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed- ounces. $7. T. P. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
• CARPET CLEANING. i
"tones cv ca_ip^t^~cl^a^ing^Xnd»
O. renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
pARPET CLEANING, 3&; LAYING, 3c. : RUG
\J samples free;, telephone Jessie 944. STRAT-
TON, 19 Eighth St.
GREAT WESTERN CARPET-BEATING
works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 363-57 Tehama st. ; teL 80.40.
pONKLIN 'B CARPET BEATING WORKS. 33J
\J Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
CUT V STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
> ting. 88 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like sew. FERGUSON <_ CO.. 23 Tenth; teL
South »«. D. MACKINTOSH CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 243
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RES-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: tut, south 228.
HOBBB.
: Airß^^ ;^IOR^E^rH~A^N^sT~ANB
bakery wagon. 1620 Mission st.
IRST-CLABB HORSE AND EXPRESS
wagon; also hand-truck; cheap. 869 Mission. -
TIT ANTED— A TEAM OF HORSES; MUST BE
II cheap. 1656 Kearny st,
ORSKS AND BUGGIES FOR SALE. - 152S
Howard st. ■
IPOR SALE— 3O HEAD OF GOOD YOUNG '
1 workhorses. 426 Valencia. JAMES D. FOR-
RESTER.
I iRAFT horses FOR SALE : or EX-
X > change for light buggy horses. 38 California.
"I C (\ SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
XOU ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission st.
UCTION SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES.
wagons, harness, eta. at Derby stables, 645
Geary ,cor. Leavenworth.every Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
F>(\(\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\J \J ness; all kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, surrey
& rockawar; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
Af\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO - WAGONS,
til/ baggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednea-
flay. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE, Auctioneers. •
HORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCC-
Iar. Th"llvdi» Ranch. 630 fomroerclal St.
WAGONa A_«D CAXlltlAUiiS.
TXrA^TTETS^PHAETON OR BUGGY, with
11 harness; state make, condition, price. KEN-.
YON, 825 Crove st.
LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES; ■
0 samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome su
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
i.I dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. H2S Harrison st.
ton SALE-MIS CELL AMSO US.
OR SALE^SHOEMAKER'SSKCOND-HAND
Singer patcher machine, with tools: cheap. 636 -
Kearny st. •
TRRIGATORS , 4 AND 8-HORSE SECOND- .
X hand gasoline engines, first-class and cheap-
Address G. E.. box 100. Call Office. ■■■
/DAMPING TENT, $6: PIANO, $25; PA3NEL-
\J top wagon; new tent show outfit, cheap. 3928 ,
Nineteenth st. .
VTEW SUN CASH REGISTERS FOR SALE;
i.l price $25. Address C, box 4, Call.
RILL; BARNES' 2O-INCH:SWING SQUARE
. base, cheap: or trade. 516 Mission st.
OUSTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought ami sold. 1121 y s Market, 7th Bth.
IK-HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE
engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay ■ . . • • _.-..■
BARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES-
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California. .
OILERS, AND MACHINERY
D waterplpes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
i,UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASH_3~
XJ doors, mantels, etc. far sale. ,1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL .MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st. '.
FIRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTEKi.*
X press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay. I
VTKW RANGES CHEAPER than secon»:
IS hand. W. 8. KAY Mfg Co., Vi California »L'■■'- _^ HOUSES TO LKT.
<2t]U HOUSE, 5 "STONY "ROOMS* aho
<P J. U . bath. 624 Locust aye. , oft Laguna.
EAR HOUSE, SUNNY ROOMS, LARGE
yard, basement; $9. 321 Tenth st. . 1
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; SUN NY YARD: RENT
I 1 low. 27 Clementina st,
VIODERN HOU* — • ROOMS: BATH: FINK
->*1 marine view: rent $55. 1920 Broadway, near
octavia; key at 1 90 6. -
OUR HOUSES LET OR PROPERTY SOLD.
J- See G. W. H. PATTERSON, 2 Valencia su
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMTaND BATH; LARGE
XX flower-garde 1 rent reasonable. 2002 Golden
ate avenue, near Lyon.
HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS; LARGE YARD AND
stable. 23 fearl st., off Market.
|) ENT REPUCED; ELEGANT SUNNY
J-t house; 8 rocms and basement. 816 McAllister.
HOUSE-A NICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN HAMMOND, 10
M ontgomery s:.
"a« OH MODERN HOUSK 7 ROOMS: BASF-
<iPOV7. ment: lar-e yard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
\"K\V COTTAOK IN Ross VALXBI . M AKIN
— 1 County; 6 rooms, furnished, and bath-room.
For part icu: are inquire a 413 First St., this city.
5 ROOM COTTAGE: BATH AND PANTRY;
large stable. 828 Hampshire st.
TO LET— NEW MODERN COTTAGE OF 5
rooms, bath and basement; 405 Laurel si., nr.
California, WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 Post st.
$7 C A COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS;
tvs •. UU order: water free. Apply on premises,
915 Bryant si., near Eighth, or 14 Montgomery su,
G. H. I'M BSE N <fe CO.
OTTAUE OF 8 I.OJ'MS; BATH; GARDEN;
J yard. 3824 Mission st.
FL'KXISHKD FLATS.
W ELI. 1 I K.MSHKD FLA I ti I" h ROOMS:
" give price and details. F., box 140, Call Office.
Ip U RNISHED 6-ROOM FLAT TO LKT FOR
$25 until August 1. 1810 Page st.
97.1 i JACKSON— VKKV NICE FLAT; Fl'R-
— ' I — 1 nisned ; upstairs; references: reasonable.
OTSXY UPPER FLAT. 6 KOO.>|s BATH.
0 very nicely fnrninhed: rent reasonable. 722
Central ava, near McAllister st.
JTfXELY FURNISH_b'"FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
t>ath; beautiful marine view; within one block
of cable-cars to park, ocean, terries. Presidio and
it.- Hall: rent reasonable; water free. Address
H. C. .]. box 36, Call Ottice.
FLATS TO LKT.
•)(• ELGIN "PABK.^OF* KIDI.KY. ABOVE
tJU Valencia— 2 or 3 mis.: bath; lnuudry: yard.
l'oi 9 LARKIN. IN REAR, NEAR CALJFOK-
J.Ol*j ilia— 4 sunny upper rooms; rent $ra.
OIA 4-ROOM UPPER FLAT, HALF A
V 1". block from Third and Mission. Apply 15
(Srant aye.
1 1 fii FULTON— GOOD LOWER FLAT: 5
1 J- "3 rooms and bath : near City Hall.
Q9Q ELLIS, NR. POLK— ELEGANT SUNNY*
O— O middle fiat of 6 rooms and bath; $32 50.
q to 7 ROOM AND BATH "flats AND COT-
♦> tages. from $6 to $20. SPECK A CO., 602
.Market st.
OF 5 ROOMS, BATH ; OOR. FELL AND
-L Lagnna sis. : sunny side; rent cheap.
A XQQ EIGHTEENTH ST.— I AND 5 ROOMS
"XOCiQ and bath; $12 and $13; electric lints.
VO7 W_BST_R— SUNNY FLAT; 6 BOOMS;
— " I modern conveniences.
LTPPKR AND LOWER FLATS: 8 AND 4
- rooms: very convenient; rent $7, $8. Inquire
941 Bryant si.
UNNY FIATS; 3 AND4~KOOMS: BATH;
0 garden; *13 and $16. 1706 Post gu
Ij^LATs OF FOUR ROOMS AND BATH: $12
and $13; 2408 Sacramento si.. \-> block from
Cooper's College.
1 0A,7 STEINKR. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
•1 OU I flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
L^LAT-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X rent by BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
O\V«-.R FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
J 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large
yard: sun all day; rent $14: water free.
T_EGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
XJ low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 10 $16.
UNNY TOP FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
0 all latest improvements; $16. 713 Grove st.
JA7Q TWENTY-THIRD; 100 FEET FROM
*iv/ I V Castro cars; lovely suuny upper flat of 5
rooms: modern improvements; rent only $16;
v ater free.
V WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THJ»
-._ WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
HOUS_K__PINU KOOMS.
California Street.
9=ol CALIFORNIA-3 ELEGANTLY FUR-
-t>Ol nished rooms, bath, for housekeeping.
Clay Street.
1 /"Q» CLAY— SIO; 2 FRONT ROOMS AND
IDOt) storeroom; complete for housekeeping;
bath. ■
—Ilia Street.
QOX NEATLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
O— *J keeping: also single rooms; reference.
ft QQ ELLIS, COR. LARK I FURNISHED
yjOO bay-window alcove; gas stove; bath.
7A£ ELLIS-3 CONNECTING ROOMS. SUIT-
I \J\J able tor housekeeping: nicely furnished.
71 Q ELLIS-2 OR I SUNNY FURNISHED
I XO kousekeepin? rooms. Every convenience.
Fifteenth Street.
1 ?iQ7 FIFTEENTH, NEAR HOWARD-UN-
-1 iW( furnished room for housekeeping; private
family. ' .
1 if tli street.
099 fifth ST.— 2 Furnished rooms
«)__ for housekeeping: rent $9.
'-)9?^ FIFTH — FURNISHED HOUSE KEEP-
• >Z»> ing 2. $10; 3. $13: also single, $5.
Fourth -treet.
OAT FOURTH ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
« )\f I housekeeping rooms $8 and $9 a month.
I'uitnn Street.
Tip FULTON— 2 ROOMS: COMPLETE FOR
1 1 U housekeeping; $10.
Oeary St . eet.
f'(\Q GEARY— LARGE FRONT BAY-WIN-
v)UO don- sunny room And kitchen complete for
housekeeping.
Grant Avenue.
C OR LESS ROOMS, SUITABLE FOR HOUSE-
<) keeping: Kearny St., near Sutter; gas or water
free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
iiuerrero Street.
QO A GUERRERO — 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
*)— j: tor housekeeping; single rooms.
Haignt Street.
1.) HAIGHT— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
— .' parlor and kitchen, complete for housekeep-
ing; piano: $18.
11 <> ward Street. .-{. "\
OAR HOWARD— PLEASANT SUN.NY SUITE
• /•it) with kit hen; also other rooms for house-
keeping. ■ ■--■'-
TfU\t : HOWARD— IS BOOMS, COMPLETE
.lU"*»ior housekeeping, gas, private family;
rent cheap.
"I £»I,t HOWARD- 3 SUNNY, NICELY FUR-
I Ul X nished, connecting houseKeeping rooms;
private family. - ' -
deesie Street.
p. 1 4 IKSMIK -UN FURNISHED BOOM, WITH
i)-±T: use of klichen.
■' Lmkln street.
Qf\4 LAB XI X — LARGE, RUNNY FRONT
1 ' It: and bath room furnished for light house-
keeplnc: $9 and $7.
McAllister Street.
A AH MCALLISTER-2 NEWLY FURNISHED
Jt'i I sunny rooms, complete for housekeeping.
Ron MCALLISTER — 3 LARGE UNFUK-
•)• )O ntshed housekeeping-rooms; also large
basement rooms. \
3mm -i -treet.
F.A(I MINNA — FURNISHED ROOM FOR
O^\) housekeeping: large yard. .
31is»i on street. •
Q9l MISSION— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS $5
OJLi 1 up; largo kitchen and bedroom, $10.
'Natoma Street.'
CnQ NATO MA -BOOMS SINGLE OR EN
U_U suite; also housekeeping; reasonable and
sunny.
-"■'• i .Ninth Street. •
l)(\ NINTH, NR. MARKET-FRONT SUITES;
—V housekeeping; 2 to 4 rms. : gas: stove; single.
Oak Street.
Q>f* COZY ROOM; FIRST FLOOR: TWO
«jPy« closets: sin»; stove; private day horn* for
children; large playground. 48 Oak st.
Octavla Street.
1 Af\O OCT AVI A, CORNER GEARY—
J "±\JO Freshly furnished bay-window and
others; $7 up. _-|V : -.*-.'
Post Street.
G99 POST— TWO PLEASANT REAR ROOMS
_* — — furnished for housekeeping; $10; large yd.
I'owell Street.
CIA POWELL — 3 SUNNY FURNISHED
v m V rooms; complete for housekeeping; $17.
Seventh Street.
1 OQ SEVENTH ST.-SUNNY FURNISHED
XGO housekeeping rooms, single and in suite; $7
tip. ' ■-. V" ; "" ■ : ".""■ ' ;' ' ■ '
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS- Continued.
Stockton Street.
(M Ol STOCKTON— 2 NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
iJXU'Z large yard; running water.
900 STOCKTON, NE. COR. GEARY ST., NR.
£d\J\J the Emporium— 2 sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; $12; references.
■ iiinl m tee.-
QO A THIRD — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OOT" keeping rooms: water included; rent $6.
COLTON HOUSE, 220 THIRD— SINGLE, !
J suites, housekeeping; $5 up; brick building.
lurk Street.
11/jTUKK- ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
— I.U suites, single rms: light hsk pug privileges.
Twelfth Street.
1 9 TWELFTH. NF.AR MARKET— TWO OR
I — three unfurnished front rooms, with kitchen,
for housekeeping.
Twenty-fourth Street.
A TWENTY- FOURTH, NEAR VALEN
OtiUt: cia— Two sunny front rooms, furnished
for housekeeping. $12.
.Valencia street
1 ci 7 VALENCIA-SINGLE AND 3 ROOMS
XcJX I for housekeeping: new and sunny.
"Washington Street.
Fft,"l WASHINGTON — SUNNY UNFUR-
«Jv/.— nished housekeeping rooms; running water.
Webster Street.
7"11 WEBSTER— HANDSOME SUITE OR
11 1 3 rooms'; nicely furnished: modern.
BOOKS TO LKT.
l".ut.h Street.
1 1 07 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
I I U I rooms, gas, hot and coid water; bath.
i.udy Street.
EDDY, 118— CLEAN, NEWLY FURNISHED,
sunny rooms: central location: $5 up.
C Oil EDDY— FURNISHED LARGE ROOM ;
i)DU running water: large closet; cheap; single.
i-.^iitli .street.
SHERMAN APAKTME.NT HOTJSE, 28 BTH
St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
1-ilis street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— ELECTRIC
lights in every room; reading-room contains all
dally papers; open all night; rooms, per night, 35c
to $1 50; week. $2 to $8; month, $8 to SbU; fire
escapes; elevator on oflice floor; r'ms for families.
rpHK RAMONA. 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
1 HART, manager— A quiet bouse; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot _ cola water.
Ql El ELLIS; REAR-2 S~UNNY FURNISH-
Oi-«Ja ed rooms for gentlemen, $4 50 per month.
IJOSEDALE HOUSE, 821 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
XI at reduced rent: satisfy yourself: open ail night.
t.u) ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
— — CALHOUN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms.
fifth Street.
1 HO FIFTH — NICE CLEAN SUNNY FUR-
lut/ nished rooms: til conveniences: cheap.
v>tnrr Mreo..
91 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR ■
_ 1 la unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
mHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: $10
month up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
( ulucu (.ate Aveuue.
C-1 ft GOLDEN GATE AYE.— PLEASANT
*JX O sunny rooms suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
Harrison Street.
nz r HARRISON — FINELY FURNISHED
6" .-: double room — FINELY wife or gentle-
• )*) double room for man or wife or 2 gentle-
men.
Howard Street.
r»OQ HOWARD — DOUBLE AND SINGLE
U—») rooms: nicely furnished: gas: bath.
1 ATA HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT ROOM:
lAJ I U hot and cold water; $1 50 week; single
rooms $1. _^
]()'( HOWARD— LARGE " «Tj NN V ROOM
-ut for 1 or 2; single room, $5.
..one* street.
117 JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
-l X I suite; also sunny alcove room: private.
9/17 .'O.NKB — THJK VAN VSINKLK; NKW
—\J I management: elegant sunny suites and
tingle; newly lurnlshed: bath, etc.: $10 to sun.
Ktarnr Mree..
A KLINGTON HOUSE, 127KEARNT-
A ant tunny rooms, «n suite and single; first ciau
in every respect: terms reasonable.
1(\ A EARN V - LARGE WELL-LIGHTED
IUI room, suitable for snlrtmaker or tailor; $10.
Ol KEARNY— NKWLY RENOVATED AND
_. j, <J elegantly furnished rooms, suite or single,'
by the day, week or month; first floor for offices.
MRS. GRACE GEORGE.
Jmrkei stree —
707 MARKET, OPPOSITE EXAMINER OF-
IOI flee — nice sunny rooms; single or en suite;
transient or by week or month; reasonable.
'ObEMITK HOUSE, 1045 MARKET— PER
night, 35c to $1; week. $1 50 to $5: families.
.■Win 11 a Mreei.
1 70 MIXXA- NEATLY FURNISHED
1 I — rooms, 75c, $1 and upwards. '•
nnrj MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH— NifiWLY
DD I furnished bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
i. 1M>1(II1 M1'O«I».
t>OOOt MISSION— NICE . LARGE ROOMS;
tLZ,JL^m'i new bedding; private family; special
care.
Olive Avenue.
1 (\(\ OLIVE AVENUE, OFF POLK, NR.
XUv/ Ellis— Sunny room; very cheap.
Pine Street.
7091 PINE— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
I tj— 'i front rooms; rent reasonable.
i'.ist Street.
OOQI POST — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
iiZos rooms for gentlemen only. The Dornus.
090 MASON— NEATLY FURNISHED SUITE
O_D and single rooms, centrally located, with
bath.
Folk Street.
11/11 POLK, COR. SUTTER— LARGE FRONT
1 l^tl sonny bay-window room. \
1 Qni POLK— 4 NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
XU\)X partly furnished. '
lowed Street.
99' POWELL, CORNER GEARY- SUNNY
JL-.') front corner room; nicely furnished; ground
floor.
- Sacramento Street.
1 OOr.l SACRAMENTO-3 ROOMS: REST
It)— $10: separate entrance. ■ ■
hixiii!«:rr«» :
IQI STXTH ST.— SUNNY FRONT SUIT-
-1 O2 cheap: good for dentist; transient specialty.
ntevenson Street.
>-/»;- STEVENSON — TWO UNFURNISHED
ODO rooms: cheap.
tutter street.
f\f\ BUTTER, COB. POWELL— LARGE SUN-
OUU ny front suite, furnished or unfurnished;
also single. :
-/\ •> GUTTER. COR. TAYLOR (THK SAN
I U«> Reml) — Newly furnished sunny rooms; en
suite or single; references.
Taylor Street.
1 fkQ TAYLOR —LARGE SUNNY ROOMS.
JLUt/ separate beds; $2 a week; running water;
gas. . "
1 /1Q TAYLOR— LARGE ALCOVE PARLOR;
ll'* newly furnished; hot water; bath; rea-
sonable. 1 <
~ ~ 'lurk Street.
Qf\ At TURK-DOUBLE AND SINGLE FRONT
OVi'i r00m.. 56. $8. . ■
Twelfth Street.
4 TWELFTH ST., C.R. MARKET— LARGE
Tr single front room for rent. $6 a month.
liii.lKIHM. AND ItOOMS.
T9?VS sUTTEH. COB. POLK-^UBSISUED
liUiJ or untarnished rooms; board : optional ;
references. ' . •
Til 1. VICTORIA, NW. COR. CALIFORNIA
and Hyde— minny corner suites, first floor:
ail modern Improvements; reference required.
AQQ GEARY-SUNNY SUITK, WITH PbT-
i/OO vate bath, suitable for families; also suuuy
hlngle rooms: excellent board.
C.l O TAYLOR-2 SUNNY L.ARGE ROOMS,
01 D with board; $40 tor 2. . .' '-■
qi.a Van ness~v.-elegant rooms,
Qyiyj with board; pleasant home for young men.
79Q SLITTER (IMPERIAL HOTEL) -BONN
I ~.(> suites; single rooms; excellent table board.
OTjili 81. 11l LINO, 714 IiUBH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
t-r" coMvt»nl»nr»M. ' >________
CHILDKKN IJOAKI>KI>.
1 adv would like 1 oa -' Children
\u to board : good home. 654 Jessie St., between
Seventh and Eighth. ■• ■ - - ■
T 402 "SAN JOSE AVK. A PLEASANT
home for child; refined family; good care:
terms moderate. • • - - '- '
\\,' IDOW IN THE COUNTRY WOULD LIKE
VV care of 1 or 2 children, or baby: mother's
care. MRS. C. SHIVERS, Antiocb, Cal., ■ ■ ,
/301 PINE ST.— INFANT OR CHILDREN TO
DZI board; refined home; tunny yard; beat of
care. -: ' ; ; . ■ •- . ' .. ' ' ■'■ ■'*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896.
STORES TO LET. "
TOR^TsTjrr^L^Tf^ORT^HO^S^LoT^OK
cheap gents furnishing store; cheap rent. 744
Fourth st. :::"•.■'.''-'•'; r\ .: ■,■■■!■'?■'.-
TORE; $15; 1007y 2 LARKIN. COR. POST;
i 1 new: living rooms. KELLY. 102 Eddy.
; OFFICES TO LET. -^ » .
S"npRE7MCETs~ITuTLTn'N7^^
Elegant suiinv offices. fl2 60 up; electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at building
nr G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
___———_______ _
SUMMER RESORTS.
PLEASANT AND ■ HEALTHFUL ? PLACE,
X near sebastopol; good table; home comforts
Particular* see MRS. EL L. HAVES, nurse at City
and County Hospital, or address box 33, Sebas-
muni. Cal. '
HOTEL TO LET.
TO \,ET— THE W. TELL HOUSE. 317-319
Bush st.: this well-known hotel is thoroughly
renovated, considerably Improved; compares with
best 2d-class hotel in town. MADISON & BIT HICK
HOTEL TO LEASE. ~
HOTEL TO LEASE FOB A TERM OF V X A Ks-
new 6-story and basement brick building con-
taining 83 rooms; also ground floor and well-
lighted basement;. centrally located, % block X. of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout; j
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVERBERG, 320
SRnsome St., room 39. - -
EDUCATIONAL.
RS. MELVILLE 8N YDER, hTSuTTOB*OT?;
ill vocal music: piano; elocution for parlor,
stage, rostrum, bar or pulpit: practical Shakes-
pearean and general dramatic elocution a specialty ;
vocal classes Monday 8 p. m. ; $1 per month.
TJOOKKEKPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
X> aiit teaching; Va time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
TTEND SIIEHL'SCOLLEGE, 723 MARKET
rV. St. The very best individual instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, eta, $1; books free.
BOOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTG, GRAMR
day A nisht; noclasses: $5 month. 84 5 Mission
10-LETTER SHORTHAND IS THE
latest and best; 100 words per minute guar-
ant'd; 2 mo. (incld. typewriting), 825. 927 Market.
UITAK MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
"PRIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
Xes Tues. and Kri. Misses HUDDY, 6a Hyde st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF j
I X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market. {
I JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82 |
1 O Ninth st.
PANISH. FRENCH.ACADEMY. CASTILIAN |
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze bid r. 37.
! i^PaNIsH.FRENCH, HERMAN ; MODERATE.
I OAleisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell si I
YRES', THE LEADINU SHORTHAND COL- |
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; individual instruc-
; tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life i
I scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
i UELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
• X> Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage, R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mku
I QCHOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL, MINING, MK-
-0 cbanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAX DEB XAILLKN. 723MICT.
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, mod_«
languages rapidly taught, write lor catalogue.
' I I'SUHUOL;HKAIiI.''S JtJ I t>. CuLLKGE;2*
1 l°r)st :<«mm»rol<»'. »hiir'hnif|. Kn-"«>i ■ low rv ••
MEDICAL.
ALL CA^E^~OF^RRE«IjLARITIEB~R^
stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief
' guaranteed: travelers helped without delay; pri-
i vate home in confinement: regular graduate
; physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the
j doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
1 and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post St.. near Larkin.
DR. PENA CHECKS IT IX 24 HOURS;
prompt relief ; successful treatment; diseases
jof both sexes a specialty. 7 Grunt aw. .
NEW PROCESS-NO MEDICINE, INSTRU- j
nient or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day:
I can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed :
I if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
1 man's physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny su
BLESSING TO LADIES— INSTANT RE-
lief for monthly Irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians
in San Francisco, who restore all cases at once by
! an improved method, superior to others: ladles -
' will save time and money: be assured of honest
, treatment by consulting the doctors before calling
> elsewhere: patients who have been Imposed upon
' are specially Invited; home in confinement; ml-
; vice free. DR. and MRS. DAVIKS, 14 McAllister
1 St.. next Hibernia Bank.
I IATARRH CURED EVERY TIME: WITH-
! VJ out pain. A. L. WHEELOCH, Maine House,
614 Kearuy st.
1 ADIES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT.
XJ 216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
"PSYCHO- MAGNETIC COMPANY CURES
X paralysis, cancer, rheumatism, insanity, female
' weakness, nervous disorder, heart and lung
i troubles: no charge unless cured. 8 Mason
corner Market, room 11.
, RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES OF WOMEN* A
■ i.J special unexcel ed in restoring irregularity
I or other conditions; home in confinement; best of
1 care: low fees: - pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market su to 904 McAllister st.
rTjosSELYN." THfTgIrEAT SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market st, near Sixth. .
pECARD'b PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty; also "Pine Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
: MacDonough built. Oakland.
RS. DR. WEOENER TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
. Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy si.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dls-
ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 254 % Fourth St.
NJCE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT ;
— » all female diseases treated: expert physicians:
terms moderate. OUlce, 235 Kearny sU, room 9.^
PRIVATE HOMI. IN CONFINEMENT. MIW.
X DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
; with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
! MRS. DR. GWY-K, 226 Turk SL • , ■
j 1 \R, HALL. i* McA~LLI»I MKKKT, NKAB
i ; Jones. uMeaees of women and children.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
xV. ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger: i
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSUOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cat
proposals.
p'rop^sTL^^ok'TupTlleT^lfor" vete^
X rans' Home Association— Notice Is ' hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received by the
board of directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion, at its oilier, room 13, 320 Sansome street,
.San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock A. m., Satur-
day, June 27, 1896, and opened infmediately there-
; after in the presence of bidden, for furnishing and
delivering quartermaster and commissary supplies
for the Vei«raiiB' Home, Xnpa County, California
(railroad station, YountvHle), for the six months
commencing July 1, 1896, and ending Decemoer
81. 1896.
Schedules with Information and instructions fox
submitting bids will be furnished upon application
! by the undersigned. Bidders will carefully follow
the conditions of the schedules, and no bid will be
considered unless it Is in accordance with such
schedules Each bidder must accompany his bid
with a certified check upon some well-known and
responsible banking house for at lenst 10 per cent
i of the amount of bis bid, payable to J. C. Currier,
Treasurer, conditioned that the bidder will enter
! into a gnod and valid contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance, as required by law. The board reserves
i the right to reject any or all bids, and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. &COVILLE, Secretary Veterans'
Home Association, room 18, 320 Sansome street,
San Francisco, Cui.
I By order of the Board of Directors. ■
J. J. SCO VILLE, Secretary.
PROPOSAL* FOR A CONCRETE BULK-
bead and bituminous yard work— healed propo-
! sals will be received by the Superintendent of
1 Common Schools in open session of the. Board of
Education, new City Hall, San Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24. 1896. at 8:30 o'clock p. m.,
for reconstructing » concrete bulkhead and for bi-
tuminous yard work as the North Cosmo: olllan
(irnmmer school in accordance with plans and
specification* (and thecon ltions mentioned there-
in) at the office of Charles i. Havens. architect oi
the board, room 65, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
quire. GEORGE i:lv\' s'H)N.s,r M :iry.
legal notices.
I>tJBSUA2iT To a DSCBKE of^oreclo-
X sure and sale, made In the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit of ■ the republic of Hawaii May 12,
! 1896, notice is hereby given that the property
i her«*under described will be sold at public auction'
I at tne Courthouse (Alilolani Hale) In Honolulu.
1 Island of Oahu, H. ■!.„ on Wednesday, August 26,
1896, at 12 o'clock noon. P. C. JONKh,
. ,> • - Receiver of La:. a! Ranch. |
. This property is known as the Lanai Ranch, 10-
-1 cated on lite Isleiirt of Lanai, comprising 11,500
■ acres more or less in ice simple, and leases of 48,-
I 640 acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable 01 which do not expire until 1916;
I the annual rentals are about $1800.
i This estate Is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hay-
I ing ample houses for all purposes, all in good re*
pair, with : 1 isterns, wooished and Dregs, and a
flozk of 24,000 sheep, 550 head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count. . \
he lands are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 head of cattle. As sheep run It :is
the mosk valuable on tne islands. , The lauds now
owned and controlled by present owners virtually
control the entire is and of Lanai. ' -
There are rich grasses suitable for breeding and
fattening of stock, and are entirely free from lan-
tana; there are no mongoose or wild dogs on ' the
Island. ,
Steam communication between Lanai and Hon-
olulu every week. . .
A map showing all the lands controlled by the
estate and a detailed schedule of the property to
De sold can be seen and further particulars can be
had at the office of Messrs. .Welch <& Co., 220 Cali-
fornia St., San Francisco. 7- 'i - '
Terms of sale will De cash In United States ' gold
coin. ■ ; :■' ■'-' '' ■-'- ■'■ !;;■■; '■';-::• : ..•■■:',
Honolulu, May 15, 1896. -
, P. C'JOX-! 3 , Receiver.
\ PERSONALS.
A~TL~^NT)^r7jF~Tm!cK WORK, FREXCII
ranges, bakery ovens, also cement work done
at the cheapest and shortest notice. H. KCKKKT, !
1057 Folsom St., near Seventh., ■ |
VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AFTER
—N date for just cause, I will not be responsible
for an y debts contracted by my wife, ELLA
ETIQUE; June 15, 1896. -C. _. KTIQUK .
R. . J. M. ED— UNDS, SPECIALIST: DlS-
eases of nose, throat: dentistry. Cal. _ Kearny.
B" OX ING TAUGHT IN 15 LESSONS. 808
Leavenworth st. - -
\ DVICE FP.EK ; DIVORCE LAWS •■ A SPB-
xV. cinlty ■, private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE. atty-at-law, 850 Market st
"PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL;. a full
X course taught in six weeks: competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye. |
fUOAB AND STATIONERY STORE; GOOD
\J business; living rooms; established for years.
29z inth st. ; -.■'■■
AVOID EVILS." SEE DR. HARDUABTLE
on sex science, etc 628 Montgomery, room 1
I ADIES, IF YOU HAVEN'T YET- TRIED
XJ having your hair dressed by G.-LUDEKER,
111 Stockton st, do it; you will.be pleased witn
both his price (25c) and work; don't forget the
number; he has imitators^ .
CTAIRDRESSING, 25c; MANICURE, 25c;
XX face, treatment. BUTLER'S, 131 Post st.,r. 20
ptLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED A'K
\J manufrs' cost, l'actory, 20 Sansome, upstairs. |
T" HE ECONOMY MILLINERY, 40 SIXTH ST.; j
X selling out at cost; store and Fixture* for sale.
T>ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: 1 day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partington, K. L. Partirigton. Particulars 424 Pine.
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.; j
XL tine edge put on razor for 25 cents. ■■■■•■ |
WATCH ' AND JEWELRY REPAIRING: I
11 low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BHITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
EO. W. PHELPS, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 215
Sansome St., room 4. , , .
QUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
0 guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company,! 117 Market st.,bet 7th and Bth.
"1 IBKIIAL ADVANChSON DIAMONDS, J_\V-
Xj dry, etc.: lowest rotes. 94H Market st.
rpRUNKS MOATED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer company. 48 Sinter st.; telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us. ■
1 \\l\i\ CARDs7~SI 50: SHOWCARDS, 15c;
XWUU tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary gt., r. 39.
TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. ; also I
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S. 213-215 Mason St.; open evenings.
ELECTBIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I'
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market; j
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and bags-age to and from the ferry. :
WTROZVNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
■ dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices. |
IT OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132 I
Geary, removed from Larkin st. to- 119 Stocic- 1
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JaUSSAUD.
T)IG OUTDOOR stereo pticon SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market su
OIID GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3d. cor. Jessie.
HF.APEST AX» BEST IX AMERICA— THE
\j WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the 1
United |States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free. .
IJKKSSMAKKIt.S.
RESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 C^ENTsTup!
XJ lawn $1 up. 505% Natoma st., above Sixth. |
■ CLAIRVOYANTS. .
"Tri! HaTl! PROFESSOR EUGEXeT
BE WISE. BE WISE. BE WISE.
Knowledge Is power. Remain not In darkness,
j but seek the light of wisdom and learn what the
; future, holds for you. All are pleased with his ,
I readings. His powers excite the wonder and ad- :
miration of all. He gives advice on all matters of j
! interest to humanity. If you are in trouble or are 1
j vnsuccesstul consult him at once. Read his Sun-
-1 day's advertisement. Hour* 10 a. m. to Bp. m. j
I Letters with stamp answered. i
PROFESSOR F. EUGENE,
I - 1728 Market st.
a SSISTANCE AND ADVICE ~~
2\. that makes the unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and successful. ■ i -. ' -
PROFEBSOK M. L. CARNELLK,
j The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
■ dium, may be consulted in love, marriage, court- '■
: ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec- :
ulations;; restores lost affections, removes evil in- ■
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re- '
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brines the j
1 separated together, causes a speedy and happy
i marriage with the one of your choice; reveals j
i everything you wish to know concerning the fu- !
I ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium !
! call on PROF. M. L. CARNELLE, 220 Eddy .st.
Letters with stamp answered. Hours— 9 to 9
daily and Sundays- ■?-..- . .
KOF. C. LEON, 1007 MARK NX. SIXTH;
wonderful oower; advice on business, specula- !
tion, love, marriage, divorce: tells of friends and j
enemies; letters with stamps ana. 9 to 8; also Sun. |
ME. STEWART, THE SEVEN 111 DA UGH- j
ter, is a born medium; guarantees you a true
] likeness of future husband or wife: materialize! :
I before your own eyes, so no fraud Is practiced upon
! the public, for 50c and $1; call and be convinced of '
i her wonderful gift. Rooms Sand 4, 917 Market st.
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY. GIVES
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
1 success in New York City; greatest card reader on
I the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton st. Hours I
! 9 to 8; elevator. I
MM. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY- j
ant, c»rd- reader, born with a double veil and |
I second sight ; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and ;
I clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones. :
MX. RAVENA READS "LIFE FLUENTLY: |
buBines3advlce;namesglven;2sc up. 5 Fourth. j
US. MOP.EAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS i
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st. |
YPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES 25c;
gents 50c: all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
M . LEGEITE: PRESENT. PAST AND
future; 26c, 311 Tehama, upstairs, ur. Fourth.
Mil. ARNDT, BKST FORTUNE TELLER IX
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the Dlctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
the! GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT and PALM-
-Ist: mental magnetic healing. 1362 a Market st.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLB FROM UKADL-.TO
the grave: fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
ETURNEI*, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
j present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
vVEf.K : S~ NEWS FOR ~ 5 "CENTS—
WEEKLY CALL, in wranoor. for mailing.
. .' SPIKI T U ALISM .
Till LARKIN StTTs'p. m., TEST SEANCE;
speaking: good music. ! Admission free.
ITEMOVAL— add i e SWAIN, ASTRAL seer
I.V- mid psychic physic-lan, . 14 McAllister, near
Jones, r. 18 and 20: no fee except as a gift.
TEST CIRCLE~TOi-NIGH'I ; 10c; SITTINGS
dally. MMX. YOUXti, 605 McAllister st.
M' RS. KAlE JIOSKI.n^, TRANCK AND BUSl-
ness medium; sittings dally; $1. 136 Oak st.
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25 |
yrs. Kearny, now 92C Tost: fee $1 ; letter $2.
""-. . :■' :ASTROLOGY. "
! ITItK RK\ KALKD— HOIiOSI'OPE. 60.: '
' — send date and hour of birth and 10c for your !
i planet. Monroe. Astrologer, 1129 Howard st. j
MedicaT ASTROLOGY— professor how-
ard's vital remedies remove all chronic
' troubles and restores to perfect health. 311 Hyde i
i st., 10 to 8.
DR. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets; dally or by mail, $2. 36Vi Geary st.
aiOJSEY TO LOAN.
IRECT ON YOUlt FURNITURE OR PIANO;
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68. Donohue bldg. 1170 Market «. ,
IV YOU WISH TO SELL YOUR MORTGAGE
call CHAS. H. BANK, Atty-at-law, $».'7 Markeu
OS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAM OX ]
life Insurance policies. 33j Pine at, .'
I' OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND |
J diamonds; confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
I "I ST & 21) _OtVI'GAGKS>; IN'iICRKSTS IN ES-
' Xiates;lowest rateS:no delnv.M I RPIIY Mrkt.
I \DVANCESONDiAMONDS,JE\VELKY. ETU
1\ Columbia Loan <& Collateral Office. 9 Grant ava.
1 OAKS ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
-1 -"mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal; any I
i amount; low rules. BECKER, 3-K MontKomery.
j ADVANCES OX DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
i A Jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re- I
1 moval; lowest ratea. BALDWIN JEWELRY
! STORE, 948 Market St.; open evenings.
NY AMOUNT: IST, or 3D MORTGAGES:
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In nro-
bate. .- McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3. ■-.---
OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES, I
jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments:' Interest low; private entrance: private
rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant aye. . .  ;
6TSKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 IXTEH-
rst per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box _, Call.
ONEY LOANED ON JEWELKV AND
111 other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106Marketst..nr. Mivson: private entrance 7 Tnrlc.
PA WXBIIOKKK3.
"T t^2«^'k^bVy^t7~koßm~^^m^nby
J\. loaned, watches, diamonds, eta: low rates: pri-
vate rooms: : elevator; pledges for sal 4 cheap. - < •
> MONEY WANTED. . ,
ANTED—A LOAN OF $325 FOR SHORT
time: family jewels security. S. J., box 17
Call office. ' • - ' • - ~- ' ■
SEWING MACHINES. :
~TTlkint>s bought, sold, exchanged, j
iV rented, repaired: lowest rates. 'Mb Fourth m. j
CITY REAL ESTATE.
o\l,Y A FEW OF 'EM LEFT. ,
SELLING FAST. :
CHEAPEST RICHMOND LOTS '
EVER OFFERED. V
37 lots sold in 2 months; beautiful level block:
bounded by California ana Lake streets, 11th and
12th ayes. • - :r ; r .-. -■
$700— ONLY— $700
EXTRAORDINARY TERMS.
. ; ■ ■, „. 5iJ! $50 CASH :• "'. '.. i
AND $10 MONTHLY.
All streets graded, sewered and macadamized;
school distant one-half block; cars on California
St., and Sutro Electric road distant one block.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
t f . 10 Montgomery st.
OR SALE —EL AXT NEW 12-ROOM
house; salon parlors, reception nnd billiard
rooms; furnace heat ; opp, park. 1917 Oak st.
(j»|A F\f)O SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Business corner NW. Post r.nd Lamina sis. ; rent
$79 50: go and see this at once, as it is a particu-
larly choice piece. . O'FARRELL _ i CO., 11
Montgomery st.
_O£/-V/\ COTT\GE NEAR MARKET AND
tlp^UUl/. Valencia sts.: worth $;-(500; offered
at this low figure to make immediate sale. O'FAR-
RELL CO., 11 Montgomery st.;
fljinftA LOT NR. 3D ASD MISSION STS.;
•J IiWU. on small street; worth $2500.
O'FARRELL & Co., 11 Montgomery st.
©QAAA DF.VISADEKO - ST. BUSINESS
tJpt/UUV/. property: store and upper flat; im-
provements first-class: make an Offer. O't'Aß-
it ELL — CO., 11 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
At a big sacrifice; originally cost $8000; can be
bought for $5000, may be; flue marine view; one
block from the cable and electric cars; contains 8
rooms and bath.' -
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
A BARGAIN. <■
u\.
MUST BE SOLD.
Diamond st., near Eighteenth: only a few steps
from the corner of Market and Seventeenth sts.:
level building lot, 24:8x125: street graded, sew-
ered and macadamized; owner must sell, and any
reasonable offer will be accepted.
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
I ST BE SOLD IX NEXT 10 DAYS.
$10,000— this beautiful business corner;
SW. cor. Folsom and 21st sts; 96x90: oner wanted.
$2750—2 lots 25x100 each: N. side of Page st..
37 feet from tehrader, bet. Shrader and Stanyan:
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st.
7jTo>T/w\ FINE PLACE FOR A TEAMSTER,
vPiJ I \.fVJ. near Bryant and Sixth sts. : 2-story
house of 7 rooms: stable for 4 horses and 3 wagons;
street accepted; size 37:6x80. JAMES W. COLE-
MAN, 24 Montgomery si.
C C. BKII 18, "
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2600— E. side of stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— san Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2* modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
pane: 25x137 :t> feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison su
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8500— Elegant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
Choice building lots north of park.
TOTS $150 — FRUIT VALK TERMINAL
XJ tract; $5 mo. MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
,^wn BUILDS 4-rooaT(Bath> COTTAGE;
OO\J will call. GEORGE M. SALSBURY,
ballder, 2010 Ellis St.
(fro- (Wi JCsT FINISHED; TWO-STORY
(jJDuUU. bay-window house of 7 rooms: bath;
latest improvements; $500 cash. Bryant aye., nr.
Twenty-first dt. ; hous» open.
ÜBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $160 to $275 a room: call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY. 1149 Mission st.
JUST COMPLETED; HOUSE OF 14 ROOMS
•J and servant's room: 2 baths: finished In natu-
ral woods— oak, bird's-eye maple, mahogany and
curly redwood: gas and Incandescent lighting;
Presidio eights, cor. Clay and Laurel. Apply to
owner on premises.
pHKAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE, LOT; 7
\J rooms; bath: finished Casement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller St., nr. Stanyan, I .'•> block <*. Gate Pane.
"^*JT"ll7\ COTTAGE 6 ROOMS, AND BATH
»Js— '.l ''*■*•■ on lot 60x122, near station; terms
easy; $400: lot 40x120; *25 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery si.
Ij*oß SALK— HOUSE OF 3 FLATS; LOT
-F 110; rents $55 per month. Address C. A., box
102. Call Office. - .-
NKW COTTAGE, 923 xORK ST., NEAR2IST.;
6 rooms and bath; finished basement;
porcelain tub: substantially built: everything
modern and convenient: price $2900; e«sy terms;
equal to rent, if desired; lot 25x100 fee:; owner
on premises dally.
JACOB HERMAN. REAL ESTATE, HAS
t) removed to 11 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATK.
OBSDTOUND DEPARTMEis : T OF BO VEE,
O TOY & SONNTAG, 19 Montgomery St., for
maps and full Information of McMahan Estate
Colony Tract, near Winters; uuequaled in Cali-
fornia. '■■ '
tn. -I j nVi" IMPROVED RANCH. 12 ACRES,
♦Jyl ."iUU. easy terms; also unimproved, $90
an acre. Owner, 918 Jackson st.
1/<RUIT ORCHARD — 10-ACRK TRACTS,
.T fruit cannery connected with orchard; work
for men by the 1 ear: women and children during
fruit season: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good home. Write for particulars.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda. ■
ALAMEDA rot' NT FRUIT LAND;
■i V choicest in the State: selling in tracts. 5 acres
upward, $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre: owner forced to sell: lVa hours from
San Francisco: > easy terms; title perfect, 57
Chronicle building.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 26 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or wati-r transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit, syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. ■•>•..- , : ,
If OR HOMES IN LOSGATOS OR ORCHARDS
in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. R. STETSON", box 298, with B. H.
Noble & Co. ■•"■■■
END FOX OUP. LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
tor sale. WOOaTKB .A, WHI'ITOS. San Joss.
T ITTLK HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN; IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 year*' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. 11. Twl.\(i, ttonuiua
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. 8. F.
T/OR SALE TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER
X for cash, 10 acres of Tragedy primes on the
trees; crop aoout ten tons. Apply ROIiERT
JACKS, 214 Brannan st.
Ti^Oß 'SALE— IP ACRES OF LAND IN PALO
X Alto In lots to suit. H. W. BROWN, 12 Mont-
gomery at., rooms 13 and 14.
Berkeley keal estate.
pull SALE.
J? ■• ••'■'-. berkeley.
. $1600— Modern 4-room bav-wlndow cottage: lot
40x103; well, tank ana windmill: garden: a bar-
gain; Stanley and Grove; electric .cars; 4 minutes
10 Adelino ' station; part cash. 1-. G. OELLE-
RICH. For partlcnlarti address Lorin I'ostolrlce.
XT O HESITATION A BOUT THIS-IT REALLY
Xi is beautiful Berkeley and one of th' 1 prettiest
places for sale Is that 6-roora cottage near station
and electric cars, and within 10 minutes of uni-
versity: a lovely home. JOS. J. MASON, Berke-
ley Station. ■ "■ ' ■
JOSEPH J. Mason, RE.\L ESTATE AND
insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank. .
GOOD HOMES FOR KENT OR FOR salk
on easy terms. O. ({. MAY A CO., real estate
and bnlldll-L-. '2123 I'e nt ■ r st,. I'-.-ik-lev.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
L7OB BKKT — CHOICKBI LOCATION IN
X Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; to tint-class tenant lons term.. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON. Berkeley.
> PHOPEKT*: TO EXCHANGE. •
BAROA f'\S-^VH AT~~DO ANI '
OUU 20 houses and lois from $1250 to.. $10,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $11)0 to - 80.000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. '■■ 4,0"0
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $.'OO to. 3,000
11. C. DECK Kit, 10-0 Market St., opposite Fifth.
7 OR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY I.N-
P come property: in the famous Santa Clara Val-
ley; line 18-acre 4-year-old prune orchard: lovely
new cottage, windmill, etc C. 8., 3004 Laguua st
-1 i~)Ql\ ACRES TI.MUER L.\ND, KERN CO.;
J 1 water: tint* fnrcat:'e-ri-s : ng. N..hx.16.Ca1l
"~~^ . IHOVCLES. . .-;
"i7TcY7SMs7^S^UHSETXSn N T^^sTirrM^
JJ ilton Cyciery, Baker St., near Hayes;
I ; ICYCLKB FOR $20, $25, :$BO, $35, $40, $15,
1 > $60, second-hand. 306 Post It.
TnTIVSALE- *9« BAMBLEiI; WARWICK: IM-
J 1 penal and Clipper bicycles at great ba. gains.
303 Larkin st. "" -' - T
LfICYOLKQ MO. $30, $40. $50: RAMBLER,
J3 Victor, Steams. Cleveland. . 1610 Market
DARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO~I.ETI
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
AUUter and Powell at. car lines. .
"Physicians. „
TIEMOVED— DR. C. C. O'DON'XELL TO 1203
Jl Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
U ,his museum, 1051 Market st.: his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOfc BROADWAY.
, * OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE. J "
I~7ITC_BURG 1! • ~~~"~ ~ "/'•'
1 SAN LEANDRO AND H AYWAKDS LOCAL
- Southern Pacific CQmpany. ":..'•.•
Direct fast ferry trains. Distance and time shorter
than to Alumeda c? Berkeley.'
From " Z~~ : ~~~~ From
San Francisco. ! _ . .' '2™-.., : Fitchburg to .
Foot of Market Oakland-Foot San Francisco
Street. \of Broadway. • and Oakland. :
*ti:OI)A *6:36 a 6:SOa
8:00 a ! 8:36 " 9:00 a "
9:00 a i 9:36 a 10:00 a
, 10:00 a . lU:»6a j 11:00 a
•11:00 a .{'• *11:3Sa I 12:00 a
2 :00 p 2:36 p - 1 :00 p ■ ' .
3:00 p , 8:3« p ' 4:00
4:00 p 4:36 p I 5:00 P
6:00 p 5:36 p I 5:30 p :
5:30 p 6:05 p j 7:00 p
.7:00 P 7:36 8:00 P '
-8-.OOP ■ B:H6p 9:00 P
, 9:00 p vi 9:80 P 10:05 p
**11:15 **11:5XP ) **11:45 p
* Huns through toNiles. ** Mondays. Thursdays
and Saturdays. ■ a Forenoon, p Afternoon.
Fitchburg is 45 minutes from San , Francisco on
the S. P. main line to lies. Llvermore and San
Jose. , San Leandro and Haywaras electric cars
t-v ry few minutes to Fruitvale, Oakland and Ala-
: meda, which cities it is immediately adjaceut to
and rivals as a ciolce locality for homes. AH
the conveniences of a metropolis without the pay-
ment of city taxes. The first cost of a lot in a city
; will buy a quarter to a half block in Fitchburg. lie
I first to get in and grow up with the town. Lots 25
j and 50 by 100 to 200 only $100 to $200. Small
! cash payment, balance easy terms. Look at un-
sightly tracts, then come to the promising town of !
Fucbbure for lots at reasonable prices.
Fja .'■< W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St.. S. P.
THAU. S. FITCH, Fitchburg.
XjiOlt SALE— A SNAP FOX 15 DAYS} Si;. COR.,
X 1 100x125; nice 4-room house and barn; well
and city water; price $! 500; $900 cash; balance
can remain: lot cost $1500. Apply to S. S. AUS-
TIN, 1101 Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
ffijOaCli .READ! HEAD READ~T~S3O l'Ell i
«IP-— ' • O\J . month and no cash down for a new i
modern 8- room house: bath; lot 35x125. ALDI.X i
.v. CO.. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND KOOMS AND BOAKUING.
MAR! POSA — MRS. EMMA H. ADAMS-
i»I Newly furnished or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 566
Eleventh si., near Jefferson, Oakland, Col. -
i^OUKTEENTH AND CASTRO— TO LET.
' with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st.
I OAKLAND FUK..NITUKJE FOB SALE.
• 'ofUri FTOBNTTURE^KOOjia! h7^CHELL^
i t^)OO. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh su. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEUA KEAL ESTATE.
bICsALK— ~ *Ti9S
House 8 rooms and. bath, Central aye. : house 4
i rooms. Grand st. ; cottage 6 rooms, Everett St.:
: on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
I San Francisco property. Apply
-ASTON, ELDKIDGE & CO..
638 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
ARCUSE & REMMEL, CONTRACTORS
and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
! Cal., telephone 2.
I $2200—2*25 cash, $20 monthly: 37:6 frontage:
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
$2460— 525 cash, $22 50 monthly; 53x117; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and hath.
1 $2800— No cash, $25 monthly; .35x100; sunny
; corner house; 7 rooms and bath. -. .
I S3ooo— cash: 825 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
corner; cottage; 5 rooms.
I $3250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, in
elegant location. . •
Several special bargains In lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
(2*l 1 r\(\ LOT 50x190: STREET WORK ALL
{JplluU. done; beautiful location; .one and
one-half blocks from station; l^room house to
rent unfurnished; finest location in Alameda. cor.
Central aye. and Benton st. T. F. BAIRD, 1303 j
Park st. '
T HAVE TO OFFER FOR A FEW DAYS
X only 4 lots located In one of Alameda's choicest
localities; street work complete; these lots must
be sold and can ba bought for 25 per cent less than
value. or further information call on or address i
A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland. . .* .;
ijiOO[|/\ $ 300 <- ; ASH AND $25^ PER
ypZlO\J\J. month; new cottage of 5 looms and
bath.
$3250— 5500 cash and $30 per month; new cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath. '
$4000— cash and $40 per month; new
! house of 7 rooms and bath.
All large lots and convenient ■ to cars: we have |
! on hand a number of beautiful Alameda homes for '
. sale on very easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEON
COMPANY, 1364 Park St., Alameda. -
2 STORY; NEW; 10 ROOMS; ALL MODERN
improvements: finely furnished; gas and
water; only $5500; large lot.
To rent— Four finely furnished houses: also un-
furnished. JLDD, 1424 Parr st., Alameda.
Uf\f\n BEAUTIFUL NE W MODERN
»ipUVJV»I/. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
one Mock west of Park st. ; it will surely please
you: Investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth st.. Oakland.
ARGAIN— SI3SO; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150: house of six rooms; $350 rash;
balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. j
OMEM BUILT OX TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4. 6, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. R. DENKE, real estate, architect and
builder, 1502 Seventh St.. Alameda. .
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TJ_5
-•^ WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
WAIIKIAUK LICENSi;.'*.
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
Emil Scbimrael and Julia Gandard, 29—23. -<
Albert Wright and Nora Sass, 26— 18.
P. S. Allison and Elizabeth Patterson, 22—19.
Charles Cavanagh and Lavina G. Shepard. 27—26
E. Swestdorp and Clara Laiiterwasser, 32—26. .
C. A. Keileyand Esther GUndkamp, 35— 18
L. N. Brennan and Lucy J. Panghorn, 30—31.
James H. Connor and Olive Scully, 23—18.
William R. Schneider and Ida M. Barre, 81—
Edward W. Peabody and Kugenia Hunt. 21— Id.
Patrick Prop by and Marsaret Billings, -40.
IiUtIIIS— DEATHS.
fßlrth, marriage and death, notices sent hv mill
will not be Inserted. They must be banded In ,i~
either of the publication offices and be Indorjal
with the name and residence of persons aulborizjJ
to have the M\:ne published, i ■ '
MAKKIKO.
DEVITT— In this city. June 16, 1898,
by the Rev. Father Giles. Harry J.Devltt and
Mollte E. Cor.ies. both of San Francisco.
PARKER— YOUNG— In this city, June 16,1896,
at Trinity Episcopal Church, by the Rev. George
Edward Walk, Htaffor.l H. Parker and Louise
E. Young, both of San J-rancWco.
DIED.
Blank. Wlliiam Kelly, Mattle C.
Brown, Mrs. C. M. Klrrane, Michael
Burns. Susan Luntzmann, Henry
I Caliaghau, Catherine McClellen. R. Guy
Cardenez, Alberta McGovern. May hi.
Curtln, Catherine Maunaer, Gasper
I Custer. Jennie E. Maxe.v, Mrs. Ellen
- Dalton, Eugene J. Monagban, Alice
Usher, Lizzie Alullowney, Mary
Flaherty. Mary ' ' Nelson. Jacob
Fowler. Edward B. O'Brien, Nellie \
(lovanninl. Daniel . o'Kee.e, Ellen 15.
Glasgow, Martha A. (}uinn, John
l.ondwtn, Lydia W. button. William
Hanson, Wilnelmlne . Sullivan. Michael L.
Henneberry, Andrew Voullieme, Hermann J.
Williams, Jennie ' -
BLANK— In thin city. June 18, 1896, William
Blank, aged 60 years.
BURNS— In the City and County Hospital, June
16, 1896. Susan Burns, aged 38 years.
BROWN— In this city. June 16. 1396, Mrs. C. M.
Brown, dearly : beloved mo'lur of Mrs. Ester
Donaire, and Ernest, Ruth and Abie brown, a
native of Peru. .- outh America, aged 88 years,
CARDEXKZ— In the City and County Hospital.
June 16, 1896, Alberta Cardenez, aged 30 yearn.
(TRTIX —In this city. June 15. 189b, Catherine,
relict of the late Thomas J. Cnrtlu, un I beloved
mother of Sir*. Michael Murphy, Mrs. Thomas
Steele and Owen, Daniel, John mid Joseph T.
ur . iii, a native of the cit- 1 of Cork,, lreland.
: nM'd 76 years. [Boston (Mass.) and Chicago
(111.) papers please copy.]
49* friends and acquaintances are respects
I tuliy Invited to attend • the . funeral - THIS WAV
'' " I (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence, northwest corner of Eleventh and
Bryant streets, thence to St,.- Joseph's Church,
Tenth .street, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose . of her soul.com-
. mencing at 10 o'clock a. M. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, ■ by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets. .. -.
CALLAGHAN— In this city; June 16, 1896, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Cornelius Callaghan. and
mother of John, Daniel, Cornelius, Katie, Frank
and William Caliaghau, a native of Macroom,
County Cork. Ireland, aged 45 years. » '
A9*Frlends and acquaintances are > resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 3105 -Mission - ; street, thence to St.
Paul's Cnurch.wheie a solemn reauiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul. Inter-
I ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CUSTER— In this city, June 14, 1M96. Jennie E ,
beloved wife of J. M. Custer, and mother of
Arnold, Lora and Warren Custer, a native of
California, aged 39 years 8 months and 26 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late
lesidence • 2912 Folsom. street, near ,Twenty-
. flfih. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DALTON— In this city, June 15, 1896. Eugene J.,
h beloved son of Eugene and the Sate Margaret
Dalt)n. and brother of John, James, Edward and
Ella Dalton. and Mrs. .1. Alien and Mrs. . I. Me-
Kevltt, a native of San .■':■. i€i*Co, aged i-1 years.
flf3*Frlend« iid acqii:iiii:a:iCf « at* r .■<.»•:. •
fully invited to attend the tuneral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at B:3o. o'clock a. m.. from the
residence of his -father, '_'-*:-il Jackson street,
thence to Si. Dominic's Church, where a solemn
.. requiem ma« will b» celebrated for the repose of
; his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. ■ luter-
- ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ' '
FUAHERTY-In this city, June 1"), 1896, at her
, reJidunce, 109 William streps, Mar 7 Fla-
heriv, widow of the law John Flaherty, mother
of John, Joseph, Martin mil Mollie Flaher.y
»nd Mr Kate Franceschini, a native of
County lioscommon. Ireland, aged 67 years.
45"Frteiiin ana acquaintance) m-e reaoeQS'
fnily invited to attend the futi-ral TO-MORROW
(Thursday). Nt 8:30 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 103 William street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem -mas* will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FOWLER— In thW city, June 15, 1896. Edward B.
Fowler, a native of Haveriiill, Mass., aged 49
years 1 month and 6 days.
lIPS-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
• (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from his late
:; residence, 43* Francisco street.
FISHER— In tin <■!;.- ana Cou-itr Hospital, Jun?
16, 1896, Lizzie Fisher, aged 43 yean.
GIOVANXINI —In this dry. June 14. 1896,
Dmiiel Giovannini. beloved husband of ilr^. A.
Giovaniiini, and father of Romeo and Daniel
Giov::nnlnf, a na'.ive of Italy, aged 60 years.
40* Friend? and acquaint tn ■>•< ar; resnent-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from Uni-
versal Hall. 812 Pacific street, thence to Guada-
lupe Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose 01 his soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock a. m. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GLASGOW— Iii this city. June 16,1896, Martha
A. Glasgow, beloved wife of James Glasgow, a
native of Ireland, ;i,p<! 63 years.
JKB*Friends ana acquaintance- am resoecv
fully invited to attend th" funeral TO-MORROW*
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 3881 Twenty-fourth street, near San-
chez. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GOODWIN At Goodwin Ranch. Sonoma County,
June 15. 1896, Lydia W., beloved wife of J. P.
Goodwin, and mother of Sir*. Ueorg« W. Britten,
Mrs. E. L. May. Mrs. .1 . P. S anley and James I*.
Goodwin Jr.. a native of Providence, R. 1., in
the>-Oth year of her age.
JO" Friend 3 are respectfully Invited toatteni
the funeral services THIS DAY (Wednesday)
at 2 o'clock 1: m.. at the family residence, 1313
Taylor street Interment strictly private.
HANSON— in this city. June 16, 189H, WJlueU
mine Hanson, beloved wife of William Hanson,
aud mother of Otto, William and Kmil Green,
a native of ISlumemhal, Hanover, Germany, aged
47 years 1 month and 8 days.
j(a~FriernU ana acquaintance* ara niw,-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from her lai-j
residence, 604 Ellis street. Interment I. 0. O. 1".
Cemetery.
HENNEBERRY— In this city, June 16. 1896,
Andrew Henneberry, a native of Ireland, aged
76 years.
JBfs"Notlce of funeral hereafter
KELLY — A solemn requiem mass (month's
mind) will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul or the late Mattle C Kelly. TO-MORROW
(Thursday), commencing at 9 o'clock a. m., at
St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth, aud Cuuroli
streets.
KIRRAXE— At the Bay Quarry, Eureka, Cal.,
June 14, 1898, Michael Kirraae. son of midget.
and the la c Thomas Kirraue, and nephew of
John Kenney of 1406 Pacific street, a native of
Diinmore, County Gal way, Ireland, aged -7
years.
«»"Xotice of funeral hereafter.
LUNTZMANN— In this city, June 16, 1896,
Henry Luntzmann, a native of Germany, aged
■ 77 years.
McGOVERN-In this city, June 15, 1896. May
Klizabeth. oldest and dearly beloved daughter of
James R. and Mary C. McGovern. aged 5 years
5 months and 12 days.
. £9~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ti:.' faneral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from tha
'residence of her grandmother, Mrs. A. Mo-
Mahon, 863 Bryant sureet. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
McCLELLEN —In Lorin, Jun« IS. 1896. R.
Guy McCiellen, beloved husband of Mary Louise
McClellen, and father of Robert B. nnd Clifford
McClellen. a native of Prtoee Edwards IMand,
a;ed 65 years 2 months and 21 days, f Prince
Edwards Island and Nova Scotia papers please
copy. I
■ *3~Frien<lB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Thursday), at 1 1 o'clock a. m.. at
his late residence, McKee street, near Calais, in.
Lorln.
MAXEV-ln this city. June 15. 1806. Mrs. Ellen
Maxey.beloved mother of Mm. M. Hum.' tenherv',
Mrs. W. H. Quln and Mrs. C. S. Bla r. a native
01 Eyrecourt, County Galwav, Ireland, aged 76
years. (Benicia papers p:ease copy. I
gg~ Friends and. acquaintances »r» r'Mno'Jt-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 6 o'clock a.m., from her late
residence! 48 Minna street, :o ..and ferry,
thence to Benicia Catholic Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebra.ed tor the
repose of her soul.
MAUNAER— In the Cltv and County Hospital,
June 16, 1898, Gasper Mauuaer, age 1 59 yean.
MULLOWNEY— In this city. June 15. 1896. Mary,
beloved daughter of William and Mary Mnllovr-
ney, and only sister of Rita E. MuWowtiey, a na-
tive of Chelsea, Mass., aged 39 years 4 months
and 14 days. ;■ • <
09"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the
residence of her parents, 39V-> Clara street,
thence 10 st. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celeDrated. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MONAGHAN— In this ctty, June 16, 1896. Alice,
beloved wife of Edward Monagban, and mother
of Edward, Frank, John. Alice, Thomas and
Christopher Monaghan, and sister of John and
James Anderson, a native or the City of Limer-
" ick. Ireland, aged 4."> years.
, ay Friends and acquaintances a*> rained-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 1609 i-oisom street,. thenco to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, at
9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city, June 16. 1«96. Jacob,
dearly beloved husband of Sarah Nelson, and
stepfather of John J. and Patrick T. Murray, and
father of Frank I. Nelson, a naive or Bergen,
Norway, aged 55 years 3 months and 1 day.
[Vallejo (Cal.) papers please copy.]
flgr Friends an.l acquaintance* ar» rf>*o«<r-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORHOW
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Valente, Marlnl <ft Co., 1524 Stockton
street, thence to Red Men's Hall, 320 Post street,
and thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— A solemn requiem high mas? will ba
celebrated for the repose of the soul of Nellie
O'Brien at St. Ignatius Church. THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock a. m.
O'KEEFE— In this city, June 16, 1896. Ellen X.,
beloved daughter of Michael anil Mary O'Keefe,
a native of San Francisco, aged M years 7 months:
and 2 days.
ft X," Friends and acquaintances are rpsnec'-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO MORROW
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, 1122 Harrison street.
Interment Holy cross Cemetery.
QUINN-In this city, June 16. IS9S. John Quinn.
brother of Elizabeth Orr and Mary lun.b.-, a na-
tive nf liallymena, Ireland.
Jo9~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . UM requiem mass to.
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at St.
Charles Borromeo's Church TO-MORROW
(Thursday), commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.,
Interment private. Pleasa omit flowers.
SUTTON— In this city. June IS, 1896. William,
be ovel husbanJ of Martha Sutton, and lather of
Mrs. R. W. Tucker, Waller >uiton and 1.. M.
ion, a nHtlve. of Warwickshire, England,
[Hu«ak>and New York papers please copy.:
O~Friends and acquaintance nr> rtMn-so-.-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Til IS DAY (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock P. M.,
at his late residence, 2514 Sacramento street.
Interment private.
BULLI VAN— In Oakland, June 14, 1896, Michael
L. Sullivan, son of Michael Sullivan, and brother
of George and Mariraret Sullivan, a native of
Oakland, Cal., aged 27 years 4 months and 14
days." ■ '
J9~Fr!enas and acquaintances »ro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:3o o'clock a. m.. from the reel-
dence of his father, 680 East Fourteenth street,
and thence to St. Anthony's Church, where a
solemn reg iieni mass «ill be celebrated for :hi
repose of his soul, commencing lit lOo'clock a.m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
VOULLIKME-In this city. June 14. 1898, Her-
mann J., beloved husband of Agnes Voullieme,
and father of Louis, Melanla and the late Agnea
Voullieme, a native of East Prussia, Germany,
aged 60 years and . 1 month.
if «- Friends and acquaintances are respec.-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday). at 7:45 o'clock a.m.. from St.
Koniface Church. Golden Gate avenue, between
Jones and Leavenworth streets. Remains at par-
lors of H. F. Suhr it Co., 1209 Mission stroru
near Eighth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In this city, June 15, 1896. Jennie
A., beloved daughter of Thomas J. and Jane
Williams, and sister of Mrs. G. K. KingMand, Mrs.
F. C. Ber.ian aud T. 11., H. G. and A. E. Wil-
liams, a native of London. England. Millville
• N. J.) papers please cop/. 1
> 43rFriends are repectfully Invited to a'tou 1
the funeral THIS DAY (Wednesday), nt 11:3!)
o'clock a. m.. from her late residence, 32 1 Hill
street, near Castro. . Interment private.
■
ST. 'DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASBO-
-1 elation — Tne regular monthly requiem hi^
ma t for the deceased members of the abov>?
asHOClat'on. and for the deceased -parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated in
St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Kleiner streets,
. TO-MORROW/ (Thursday), at 9 o'clock A. M.
Friends are Invited to attend.'"' '
: |. WICAVOY & GALLACH'ER, " \
FUXKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBAUIKRS,
, . 80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
' " Telephone 3080. '
MOUNT OLIVET
CEMETERY,
TNCLX'DTNG NATIVE SONS GOLDEN WEsT,
X Knights of Pythias, Improved Order Red Men,
Ancient Order Foresters and other Cemetery asso-
ciations, San 'Ma'eo' County:' nearest cemetery to
the city; non-sectarian. In ISO sense exclusive;
PKRFKCT TITLK BI"ABAi.TEKI>; location UUCX-
celled. -->;*-
Please call at office. 987 Market st., before select-
ing burial place elsewhere. ' ' -. ■ *
1920
SHARKEY WAS ALL
BUT KNOCKED OUT
A Disastrous Rush Against
Danny Needham's
Elbow.
HE WILL SOON RECOVER.
Governor James Budd Has Been
Invited to Attend the
Contest.
THE BETTING ON THE EVENT.
Jim Corbett Has Something to Ssy
About the London National
Athletic Ciub.
Colonel Sellers, in reality, with his pan
acea for such aiiment as sore eyes, could
have made a fair start on the way to his
"millions in it" had he stood alongside
the tbket-ix>x yesterday during the sale of
admissions to the Corbett-Sharkey contest.
"I want fuur tickets," said a well
dresse;. bright-eyed young man, proffer
ing his $20 piece. "I want them in the
lirst row of the boxes, near the platform."
"Can't give them to you there, sir,"
answered Barney, the ticket - selier;
"they're ail Lought up. I've _ot others
just a> good on ths raised door, just a few
feet away."
"No; I want 'em near because I'm very
near-sighted. I'm expecting to invite
some friends to see the fight and they've
ail got sore eyes. Fix me out, old boy,
and ril trake it right with you."
Well, Barney has had scores of such
offer?. In each case sore eyes, near sight
edness, a cripple or some such excuse was
given for preferment in the way of a choice
seat.
As a matter of fact, the seats are selling
like hot cakes.
Yesterday Johnny Farley waited for
hours at Jin> Groom's store to nail him
down on a business proposition. It is not
often Farley will put himself out to do a
thing of that sort, but in this case it was
different.
Jim Flood, away off in his beautiful
country borne, wanted two private boxes
for the figiit, and he must have them.
He wired his friend Johnny to that
effect and Johnny secured them at last.
It was not without a battle, however, for
the swell clubs • f the City have been dis
puting with each other to possess tneni
seives of all the choice locations.
While the battle is not to take place
until the 24th, and the referee is not to be
selected until a couple of days before that,
the subject is being canvassed.
Yesterday Danny Lynch expressed a
willingness to accept Hiram Cook, the old
time referee of the defunct California Ath
letic Cub. He is the man who decided
The Corbett-Jackson mill a draw some
years ago and he is not in good odor with
the Corbett faction. Cook, however, has
pained the confidence of the public by his
exceptionally square rulings during the
many years he has officiated as a referee,
and the suggestion that he migrht be se
lected this time has been grasped with
eagerness by the sporting men. They be
lieve that with him they will at least have
a "run for their money."
Jim Corbett is still maintaining his repu
tation as a handball player. It is a pleas
ant pastime and affords the very kind of
exercise the champion most needs to lim
ber him up.
Pred Butts, one of the club's best play
ers, tried his skill yesterday against Jim's
with disastrous results. Corbett played
no "dirty ball," as he called it, but gave
his opponent every advantage.
"Butts wasn't in it," the big fellow said
after the contest. "I beat him by a score
oj 21 to 2. Then I took George Green, and
1 won with a score of 21 to 17.
"I overDlayed myself in the next game,
when I went against them left-handed.
They did me up brown, with a score of 21
to my 4. But left-hand plays are the
hardest thing on earth to go against. You
might as well tie one hand behind your
back and try to box with a fellow. It's
even worse than that, for yoo forget every
little while that only the left hand goes
and you hit the ball with your richt.
Then the play's off, because it's afoul."'
The final game with Corbett against
Butts and Green resulted in a victory for
the pair by a score ot 21 to 14.
Continuing his couise of training, Cor
bett punched the bag for an hour, and
then varied the monotony by punching
George Green, his pugilistic trainer.
As usual there was a congestion of club
members trying to force their way into
NEW TO-DAT.
Qinger;
Corrects all pain-
giving disorders of
the stomach — allay-
ing Cramps, Colic,
Cholera Morbus, and
instantly relieving the
distress of flatulence*
Invaluable in all emer-
gencies* A remedy
that has been doing
good for 75 years*
Ask for Fred Brown's*
Sold everywhere*
FKED BROWN CO., PHILADELPHIA.
the room where Corbett does his work.
Van Buskirk, the club's heavy-weight,
was allowed a chance to measure mittens
with the champion in a friendly bout.
Tom Sbarkey. over in Oakland, spends
most of his mornings and afternoons in
the Acme Club, where Danny Needharu
looks after him. The latter's hand is
comparatively well again, and they use
the gloves lightly. It seems no effort at
all fur Danny to get out of harm's way,
which fact strengthens Corbett's chances
of avoiding the rushes of the sailor lad.
Late yesterday afternoon Sharkey met
with a rather serious mishap. He was
sparring with Danny Needtiam, and they
were about to close the day's exercise.
Sharkey made one of his wild rushes
and ran up against Needham's left elbow.
The blow was severe enough to put the
sailor asleep had it brought up on the
point of his chin, but it landea on his fore
head just above the eye. Sharkey fell to
the floor and for a moment it looked as if
he had been completely Knocked out. He
bled most profusely and was unable to con
tinue the exercise.
He did not appear last night at the club.
It is not believed that this mishap will in
terfere with che coming contest, although
it certainly will affect the betting-
Sharkey's regular routine of training
will be carried out to-morrow.
The hours between 6 and Bin the morn
ing are rua : .nly devoted to wind-giving
runs over the hills, Sharkey easily out
stripping Needham and the few friends
who care to accompany him en these
trips.
The betting of the contest began in ear
nest last night in Harry Corbett's pool
rooms. During the earlier part of the day
one of the Baldwin Hotel patrons, a man
well known as Williams, took up the
Sharkey end of it. He proposed to bet any
part of $1000 at _dds of 3 to 4 that the sailor
would not be stopped in four rounds.
Two of Corbett's friends pounced on $75
each of this kind of betting, "Big" Jack,
the billiardist, handling the Williams
money. Subsequently Williams and Jack
decided that all further bets should be
made at the same odds, but that in the
event of the police interfering the decision
must be given the sailor.
Explaining this Jack says that in the
event of Corbett seeing it is impossible for
him to stop Sharkey be will have his
friends step in and get the police to inter
fere.
The Corbett contingent scout this idea
and are willing to wager even money the
police will not interrupt the meeting, and
shO'ild such an event occur they are will
ing to call the bets a draw.
The general run of bets made during the
afternoon were about three against two in
favor of Sharkey remaining the four j
rounds.
Last evening J. J. Groom, secretary of j
the National Club, sent Governor Budd an
invitation un behalf of the club to attend
the contest. The idea expressed is that
the chief executive of the State should see
that science and not brutality rules in |
pugilistic affairs as the club intends con
ducting them. Back of this is the desire
of the club to Ret tue Governor's indorse
ment to an act which it is proposed to have
passed at the next Legislature legalizing
pugilistic contests.
The betting last night at Harry Cor
bett's poolrooms on the Corbett-Sharkey
fight was 2 to 1 that Corbett would not i
stop the sailor lad. Some $2200 in all '
went in the box at those odds.
The odds offered on the Dixon and |
Flaherty twenty-round go in Boston last ■
night were $10 on Dixon to s3 on Flaherty.
There was considerable money wagered
and the affair resulted in a draw.
CORBETT AND SLAVIN.
The Champion Will Flgrht Any Man
Who Has Cot Coin to Bet.
It was reported yesterday that Corbett's
manager. W. A. Brady, had written from
London, England, that the National CluD
of London would not give any kind of a
consideration for a contest between Cor
bett and Fitzsimmons and, in fact, the
club had no particular desire to match
Corbett against any man.
When Corbett was asked what informa
tion of importance was contained in
Brady's letter he laughinely replied that
he had to receive the letter first before he
could vouchsafe a reply.
"The last letter I received from Brady,"
answered Corbett, "contained very little
news concerning the National Ciub of
London, England ; in fact, I was made
aware some months ago that the National
Club had a grievance against me because I
would not apologize for some imaginary
wrong statements I had been accused of
making. If lam right in stating any par
ticular thing I know to be a fact, why
should I apologize to the National Club or
any other club for tliat matter?
"Possibly the club owes me an apology
and it is angry because I don't get near
enough so that it could excuse itself
verbally without the necessity of being
heard oy the sporting people at large.
"There are other clubs in London
equally as prominent as the National and
I can say that if Fitzsimmons or Jackson
will show the least aesire to enter the ring
with me a purse will be offered which in
value will be equal, if not greater, to that
which the National Club would give for a
match between champions.
"Yes, I see that Slavin will meet Maher
on Thursday evening in New York. lam
told that if Paddy wins he will leave for
the West immediately to have a 'go' with
me. Well, everybody wants a 'go' with
Jim Corbett, and everybody with sense
who is not a pugilist knows that that
me^ns cheap advertising for the chal
lenger.
•'1 have stated repeatedly that I am
looking for good, hard coin, and you can
say that I am in the business to fight any
man living who will put up enough money
on the side to make the object one of con
sideration.
" 'First come, first served' is my motto.
"I shall certainly give Fitzsimmons and
Jackson the preference, but if the New
Zealander and the Australian fail to come
to time with the long green then Slavin
and the others will be given an audionce—
that is, if they can show the color of
S old."
FRACTURED HIS SKULL.
Probable Fatal Accident to Captain
Farrell of the Schooner
W. B. Phillips.
An accident that will probably result
fatally happened to Captain Farrell of the
schooner W. B. Phillips yesterday after
noon.
The schooner is in the Merchants' dry
docK, toot of Main street, and the captain
was assisting the mate to do some work.
He overbalanced himself, and fell a dis
tance of twenty feet, striking on his face.
He was driven to the Receiving Hospital
in the patrol wagon. He was unconscious,
and Dra. Weii and Rinne found that hie
skull was batlly fractured, and that he
could not recover.
Captain Farrell is a widower, and his
two children live with his pister in Oak
land.
Australia is a cotnir.; without orphans
or an orphanage. Every waif is taken to
the receiving house, where it is kept until
a country home is found for it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1896.
DRUIDS HOLD
FORT GIBRALTAR
Grand Grove's Annual Ses
sion Commenced Yes-
terday.
NOBLE GRAND'S REPORT.
Replete With Interesting In
formation and Pleasing
Tributes.
GOOD CASH BALANCE SHOWN.
At Night Officers and Delegates Ac-
cepted an Invitation to Visit
the Tivoli.
The Grand Grove of the United Ancient
Order of Druids is holding its thirty-second
annual session in Druids' Hall, on Sutter
street, near Stockton.
At this time there are in the jurisdiction
Attorney Devoto Will Be the Noble Grand Arch for the Ensuing Year, and the
Office of Grand Treasurer Lies Between Chassagne and Coetz.
seventy-three groves, scattered over Cali
fornia, Oregon, Washington and British
Columbia, with a membership of about
4000. Five circles of the women's annex
or branch of the order also exist, with a
membership aggregating nearly 290.
The grand oilicers of the order are:
O. H. Hoag of No. 47, noble grand arch; J.
A. Devoto of No. 88, deputy grand arch; J. J.
Mollison of No. 15, grand secretary ; L. Chas
sagne of No. 10, grand treasurer; J. H. L.
Gerckens of No. 38, past noble grand arch;
Henry Lange of No. 41, grand marshal ; J. If.
Brand of No. 92, graud guardian ; D. P. Brown
of N<>. 10, grand sentinel; P. Rohrbscher of
No. 0, E. L. Wagner of No. 10, J. C. Bernstein
of No. 17, S. R. S. G. V. S. ; F. Cavagnaro of No.
37. J. J. Donnelley of No. 15, George A. Abel
! of No. 16, alternates; Jacob Nickels of No. 4,
EL B. Mehrmann of No. 24, Henry A. Chase of
No. 17, trustees.
For three days the grand body will be
in session, and in that time it is expected
that much work will be done, for the dele
gates have an eye to business.
At the morning session there were pres
ent ninety representatives, fifteen grand
officers and eight past noble grand arches.
The reports of Noble Grand Arch O. H.
Hoag, Grand Secretary J. J. Mollison and
Grand Treasurer L. Chassagne were read
and referred to the committee on distri
bution, which was appointed as follows:
E. L. Wagner, past noble grand arch, L.
Malpiede of No. 17 and Frank Lewis of
No. 82.
In his report the noble grand arch
stated that at the beginning of hi» term
he had found a weak treasury and a large
indebtedness. "The initiate list," he said,
"shows an increase, but the loss by sus
pension has been necessarily Jarge. owing
to the financial panic which has swept the
jurisdiction.
"As a rule peace and harmony exist
throughout the jurisdiction. A few rul
inirs and decisions have been a*_ed upon
questions of minor importance. No ap
peals have been taken to the Grand
Grove or suits commenced in the civil
courts for insubordination or otherwise.
The peaceful submission to the constitu
tion and by-laws has made the term a
reign of unity, peace and concord."
A tribute was paid to the memory of ex-
Grand Secretary J. H. Knarston, who
was connected with the order for many
years.
"We have lost one of our most zealous,
devoted and efficient members," he de
clared, "and the noble grand arch a val-
uable assistant."
The report also developed that, since the
report of the grand secretary had been
made fifty members have been initiated
in Washington, Frederick, Seig, Dante,
I Ottavio, Guerneville and Galileo groves.
The report further made known that one
new grove was instituted January 16, 1896,
Mendocino Grove No. 105, at Fort Bragg,
which works in the Italian language.
The number of dispensation? granted
was given at 36, appointments 4, number
expelled 3, and consolidations 2.
The noble grand arch also made a
j pleasing reference to the Druids' Journal,
which, he stated, under the faithful man
agement of Messrs. Chase, Dunand and
Mollison, has been a very valuable as
sistant.
The grand secretary's report showed
that two groves surrendered their char
i ters; that the net loss in membership has
I been 177; that there have been 401 initia
tions, 42 cards denoeit^d, 28 reinstate
ments, making a total of 471; that the
I losses by withdrawal have been 22, by sus-
I pension 483, by death 39, by expulsion 17
and by suspension of charter 87, making a
total of 648. The amount of cash on hand
June 1, 1896. was given at $1201 12.
The report further stated that in most
! of the colonies the order was in a prosper
■ ous condition, especially in the north
I island of New Zealand, where a grand
i lodge has been instituted, with the office
| located at Wanganui.
The report of the grand treasurer con
j firmed the grand secretary's financial
i statements and covered the ground some
: what further.
At the afternoon session the committee
! on credentials introduced and seated ten
j new delegates not present at the morning
\ session.
The committee on distribution submit
ted a report recommending the various
subjects mentioned in the reports of the
| grand officers; to the regular committees.
Then the committee on the laws of sub
ordinates submitted its report approving
the by-laws handed to them for considera
tion during the recess.
A press committee, consisting of J. J.
Mollison, L. G. Weisshaar and Henry
A. Chase, was appointed to prepare re
ports of each day's session for the dailies.
Philip Kohrbacher, deputy supreme
arch, introduced a resolution to establish
a relief board for the City groves. The
resolution was sent to the proper commit
tee and will come up for discussion to
morrow, with a strong probability that it
will be adopted.
It was decided that at half-past 1 o'clock
to-day a group photograph be taken of the
Grand Order.
Last night, by invitation, the Grand
Grove attended the Tivoli and enjoyed the
play of "Lorraine."
The visiting delegates are being enter
tained during their sojourn by the San
Francisco groves. To-night there will be
a literary entertainment, banquet and
dance in Odd Fellows' Hall.
To-morrow morning will occur the elec
tion of grand officers ior the ensuing year,
and in the afternoon they will be in
stalled. In accordance With precedent,
James A. Devoto will be elected noble
grand arch, and the candidates for other
offices are as follows:
For deputy grand arch— L. G. Weisshaar and
H. J. Goller. For grand secretary— J. J. Molli
soii, John M. Graves, Modesto; A. L. Samson
of No. 24; J. de las Casas and J. F. Marti noui.
For graud treasurer— L. Chassagne and K. H.
Goetze. For supreme representatives— E. L.
Wagner, F. Cavagnaro, George W. Loyie, Louis
C. Schord. J. C. Bernstein, J. H. L. Gerckens,
TheoG. Cockrill and J. J. Donnelly.
THEIR NINTH PICNIC.
Veteran Firemen Will Celebrate Bunker
Hill Day at Shell Mound.
The Veteran Firemen will hold their
ninth annual picnic at Shell Mound to-
day, and it is presumed that a large at
tendance will participate in the festivities.
The committee having charge of the
sports have collected over $100, which will
be distributed to the lucky winners as
prizes. There are various games on the
programme, the least of which will be well
worth competing for.
The popularity of the old boys, together
with the perfectness of details for this out
ing, makes doubly certain that nothing
will be left undone to give the greatest sat
isfaction to those wlio will visit Shell
Mound to-day.
ROBBERY OR WHAT?
Attempt to Assault Katrina Volqnarldz,
Servant-Girl In a McAllister-
Street House.
Katrina Volquarldz, servant-girl with
H. Shemanski, 922 McAllister street, was
alone in the house yesterday afternoon
about 1 o'clock when a tall, dark-com
plexioned young man rang the front door
bell. She looked out of the front window
and thought she recognized him as a
plumber's assistant who worked at Mrs.
Nathan's house, 512 Devisadero street,
when she was a servant there.
As she had been instructed by her em
ployer not to open the front door to any
body, she beckoned the young man to go
to the basement door. She went there and
opened the door a little, when he forced
it wide open and saying, "I've a good
mind to Kill you," struck her in the face,
knocking her down, and she fainted. He
rushed upstairs to the parlor, took a lady's
cloak ana rushed downstairs airaui. She
liad juat recovered frow her fainting spell
as he reached her. He seized her and at
tempted to assault her. She screamed and
he struck her again in the face, kicked her
and ran away, leaving the cloak behind
him.
The girl ran after him, screaming for
help, and saw a younc man whom she met
by chance at Seventh and Mission streets
Sunday night and who accompanied her
home. She implored him to help her, but
by this time her assailant had disappeared.
She went to a drugstore near by. where
her blackened eye and swollen cheek were
dressed.
The police were notified and Detective
Harry Reynolds was detailed on the case.
He found the plumber's assistant and the
other younj; m an in the store, but the girl
said neither was her assailant. Reynolds
said last night that he believed the assail
ant was a friend of the young man who
saw the girl home Sunday night, from the
Tact that he was waiting outside, and that
robbery was not the object.
OUTING OF BUILDERS.
Their Exchange Will Be Closed To-Day
While They Are Away.
The Builders' Exchange on New Mont
gomery street closed its doors yesterday
afternoon at 5 o'clock, and will nota^ain
open them until to-morrow morning. The
cause of this temporary suspense is that
the 500 members with their families and
friends may meet in Sunset Park in the
Santa Cruz Mountains and there enjoy
themselves.
This being the first picnic given by the
association, it was deemed patriotic that
Bunker Hill day be selected for the occa
sion, which has been done.
The BuiMers' Exchange comprises all
grades of men engaged in the building
trade, as _Uo more who supply building
material. Us membership numbers more
than 500 men.
The boat with the excursionists leaves
Market-street ferry at 8:45 this morning.
THE WINGERTER ESTATE.
Text of the Last Will of the Capi
talist.
Charles J: Wingerter, the capitalist,
who died a few days aeo, left an estate of
over $200,000, all of which he bequeathed
in trust to his wife, Caroline Wingerier.
After paying all the expenses of its
management, two-thirds of the income of
the property is to be used for the support
and maintenance of Mrs. Wingerter and
the balance in equal shares to the three
children— Edward Wingerter, Mrs. Me
linda C. Medeau and Mrs. Minerva A.
Marston. At Mrs. Wingerfer's death the
entire property is to be divided into three
equal shares. One share goes to Mrs.
Medeau, one to Edward P. Wingerter and
one is to be held in trust for Charles W.
Marston, son of Mrs. Marston, until he is
21 years of age. The share will then be
conveyed to Mrs. Marston in fee simple.
Wild horses have increased to such an
extent in Queensland that the animals
are being shot, with a view to reduce the
numbers.
Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
Harris', 16 Grant aveDjie.
THEIR ESTIMATE
MAY BE CUT DOWN
Auditor Broderick on Jus
tice Court Expendi
tures.
TOO MUCH STATIONERY.
Some of the Numerous Clerks'
Salaries May Be Elimi
nated.
GROEZINGER'S BIG RIQUISITION
The Appropriation Is Already Heavily
Overdrawn and the Outlook
Is Gloomy.
Presiding Justice of the Peace Groezin
ger's signature to a requisition for a large
quantity of stationery and office supplies
brought the wrath of Auditor Broderiek
down on that department of the City gov
ernment yesterday and revealed the fact
tnat he is contemplating making a heavy
cut in the estimate for the next fiscal year,
as sent in by Clerk Williams. The order
called for 1000 sheets of noteheads, with
envelopes, 5000 summons blanks, 1000 tran
scripts, 1000 blotters, 6 quarts of mucilage
and 1000 undertakings for attachments.
"Here it only wants fifteen days to the
close of the fiscal year," exploded Mr.
Broderick, "and Justice Groezinger sends
to the Sheriff for enough 'stuff' to last the
clerk and all the courts two months.
"It wouldn't be right aven if the appro
priation for stationery and supplies was in
good shape, which it is not. It is already
some $3000 overdrawn with nothing but
the overburdened general fund to fall
back on, and still these people ask the
Sheriff— who is compelled to comply — to
send them a lot of things they do not
really need. I don't see what Justice
Groezinger was thinking of when he
signed the requisition.
"It would appear to me that the Justices'
Courts should be very careful about
spending any more of the puolic money
than they do at present. They already
have four clerks there for whom there is
no great necessity, and the work of the
olh'ce, if conducted on the same principles
as that of a downtown business house,
could be very easily done without them.
"I should not be very greatly surprised
if some of these clerks' salaries were elim
inated from the estimate of Mr. Williams
before it gets through my hands and
those of the Board of Supervisors.
"Some people lay great stress on the
powers that the law gives them but fail to
think of the restrictions placed on them
by the same law. While the presiding
Justice may by an order of court compel
the Sheriff to honor bis demands in spite
of the state of the appropriation he
should not forget that the law requires
him to be at his court prepared to perform
the functions of his office from 8 a. m. to 5
p. m. each day.
"How many of the Justices do you
think do that? I only know of one that
comes anywhere near keeping within the
law?"
HORACE MANN SCHOOL.
KxercUei to Be Held Next Friday
Night Declared Not to Represent
the Clang.
Many of the graduating class and
teachers of the Horace Mann Grammar
School resent the attitude taken by cer
tain of the graduates in regard to the com
mencement exercises, and more especially
the statements which they have caused to
appear in the papers. The proposed en
tertainment to be given on Friaay next is
far from representing the unanimous will
of the class.
The trouble, so the teachers declare, has
been caused principally by several of the
young laiiies of the class, who went to
worK secretly to have the exercises with
out consulting the teachers. Tee latter
won Id have been perfectly willing to par
ticipate in some sort of an entertainment
to be held at the end of the term, although
the recently passed rule of the Board of
Education "would prohibit elaborate exer
cises. Since a portion of the class has
acted as it has done and defied the
teachers no exercises whatever will be held
at the school.
''The girl? who are at the bottom of the
trouble,'' said one of the vice-principals of
the school yesterday, "are mostly those
who stand low in the class, and some who
will not graduate. Very few of tne
honoraries or high pupils are having any
thing to do with it. In justice to the class
I should like to correct the impression
that the proposed entertainment is in ac
cord with the general wishes of the class."
ADVOCATES OF SOCIALISM.
Active Preparations for State, National
and International Gatherings.
As the time approaches for the socialists
to hold their National convention the
members of the local branches are becom
ing manifestly active in preparing for a
representation.
This convention will be held on July 4,
in New Yom City, and will be attended by
delegates from nearly every State in the
Union. After the National convention is
over the international congress will bo
held in London. The congress will also
be held in July, and many delegates to
the National will attend the international
event
The local socialists are already preparing
for these two conventions, beside the Cali
fornia State convention, which will be
held in this city in July, soon after the
National convention- The State executive
committee of the Socialist Labor party
met in the Turk-street Temple on Monday
evening and G. B. Benham, Emil Liess,
Leo Gasser, Theodore Lynch, Gustave
Postler, Edel Hechet, H. A. Sahlenderand
E. T. Kingsley, State organizer, were pres
ent.
After discussing the reports from the
several branches, Mrs. Charlotte Perkins
Stetson was indorsed as the delegate to
represent the local branches at the Na
tional Convention- Mrs. Stetson will also
represent the California sections at the In
ternational Conpress in London. Many
distinguished Socialist editors and advo
cates will be present at the London Con
gress. Gustave Postler and Theodore
Lynch were appointed a committee to se
cure a permanent headquarters for the
State Executive Committee, to transact the
business of that body during the coming
State and National campaigns.
The young King of Spain has been pre
sented" by the Military Academy with a
SDlendid Toledo blade inlaid with gold
and the hilt studded with gems. He is
:iow iv his eleventh year.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. ... ;\ •..*•
SPECIAL SALE
OX"
200 PIECES
NOVELTY SILKS!
Brocaded Silks, A€\C
Fancy Colors - - - - - - - *\ V v Yard
Worth 75c.
Fancy Figured COC
Gros de Londres ------ O vJW Yard
. ■ » Reduced from 85c.
Fancy Figured Taffetas, /vnr
Changeable effects - - - - - vv^ Yard
Regular Value $1.
Printed Warp Taffetas, * 7Cf
Large designs and black satin stripes, /i)*' Yard
, Former Price $1.35.
Fancy Printed Warp * 4: f nn
Taffetas, Lyons manufacture - - V*«"" Yard
Worth $1.75 and $2.00.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
50 pieces BLACK FIGURED GROS-GRAIN SILK, full
- 22 inches wide, and extra heavy quality.
75 Yard
Former Price $1.25.
The attention of our patrons Is directed
to this sale.
•Jl. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
; FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE.
SPECIAI/SALE OF
Corded Corset Waists and Shoulder
Braces for Ladles, Misses and ~
Children.
100 dozen Perfect Fitting Drab
Misses' Corsets, regular price #1, , v
•will be closed out at 75c
BICYCLE CORSETS.
DR. GRAY'S BACK SI PI'OKTIH SHOULDER BRACE
THE ENGLISH MILITARY BRACE.
" ■■■■■■. ..•..■.-.; v.'va> i.'Mt
CAUTION — Having no agencies or branch
stores, our corsets can be purchased only at our
establishment.
, Mail orders receive prompt attention.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free.
MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OUR ADDRESS
3VE. T'-R.-Ercx-o «*? son,
742*744 flarket St. and 10-12 Grant Aye.
FURNITURE
CARPETS.
Four-room Outfit, Parlor.Din-)
ing room, Bedroom and>- ffi r 7!*' aa
Kitchen .... ............... J «p i O.UU
Fine Mahogany Bedroom Suit) d_-J /» "" i\
6 pieces. Bevel mirror, 17x30) 10. DU
Parlor Suit, upholstered in) y»),) •* r\
silk br0cate11e..... ......... £ (p_d_,.OU
Large Assortment Fancy Oak) (j_l * A
and Mahogany Rockers j tpl.OU
And Upward
Elegant Desks and Bookcases.) &A aa
highly polished. .f *p4.UU
And Upward
Choice Patterns in Velvets,) fr A ni
Brussels and Ingrains,;- 01/ \jljo
sewed, laid and , lined ) and upward
i Also a complete line of household goods of every
description at proportionately low prices. Houses
furnished all over the Coast on easy payments
Country orders receive prompt -attention. Goods
packed and shipped free to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley. Inspection cordially, invited and
credit extended to all.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
221, 228, 230 and B*l and 80S !,;■!
STOCKTON STREET,
And.237 POST STREET. I
| Telephone, Main 1328. Open Kven ings ;
In?D l V On 8! Annon nrement3, Cards. e Jc EnsrmvPd
Fmtk iWrme, 533 Clay St.. s__^r__ci S coi Cal' I
— .
NOTARY PUBLIC.
j /IHAKLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT-
! \J law and Notary Public, 638 Market st, oppo-
i site Palace Hotel. Telephone 57a Residence 16*J
; i'ellw. Telephone^ "Plna" 2591.. ■ ________ '
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
PRICKLY HEAT.
hotel empire,
FIRE-PROOF, '
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. ICO rooms, with laths,
200 suites, 2to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson Hirer*
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L " to 66th St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan, $1 up. American plan, $3 np. Moat com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
In New York. W. JOHNSON QUINN, Mgr.
WM. NOBLB, Propr.
" ' —
UP-TO-DATE BICYCLES.
Crawford ■:■" Unsurpassed,"
$40, $50, $60, $75.
PknL\ "Stands the Racket"
v^ $100.
The guarantee of the Crawford game M that
given with $100 wheels.
EDWIN MOHRIG, Agent,
I 1510 Market St., San Francisco, CaL
LI PO TAI JR., /->v
Chines* Tea and Herb L•- J
Sanitoriiira, J9*~f
No. 727 Washington St, \j£ 2
San Francisco, Cat. \"Sr f
Cor. Brenhum PUo« atxjv* -»» - a
I tie plaza. _X^ /Afc*.
: Office Hours: 9to 13, — "^ '__/__P^^
! 1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun-
! day, 9 A.M. to 13 M.
1.1 Po Tai Jr., 'son of the famous LI ? j
Tai, has taken his* father's business),'
and Is, after eleven years* study I*
! China, fully prepared to locate au4
treat all diseases. ■ _____
Baja California
Dam Bitters
Ib a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for tla«
\ texual and urinary orga-is of both sexes, and a
\ great remedy for diseases of the kidneys anl bUl-
der. A great. Restorative, Invlgoratorand Nervine
' bells on its own Merita— long-winded iaiu-
mouials necessary-
KAB-.fl, .»_!•!** BKI.NK, Agents,
333 Market St.. S. If.-tsend for Circular.!
BELTS
Sfe^jSL^fO 1?OH $'J5; $40 BELTS
W^-ffils&avfiMJz r for * 20 - and * so Bplts
'r^T/rs :=r 9&3T^y' for $15; also good bells tor
•t^fJ .--VV^FaCWf^ * 5 ' I atest patent and all
{• •<%&£.'-'■■<-■ Improvements. tSr Call
'Omit • '■ or write for new putuphlet
• w - No. 2. ..Address DX .
FIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors. San Francisco.
gfijfrj^frj^^yi _L__^___
When, orderingpleSseiSeißnonCALU