VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 21.
THE McKINLEY FIRST NIGHT
Music, Crowded Thorough=
fares, a Blaze of Rockets
and Red Fire.
END OF THE ERA OF DEPRES=
SION SIGHTED.
Spontaneous Uprising the Like of
Which Has Seldom Been Wit
nessed in This City.
Enthusiasm and Burnt Powder Fill the Air
From Eight O'clock Until Midnight.
Speeches at the Pavilion.
It was a McKinley first night. The
moon that looked down from the serene
sky seemed altogether dazed. She has
night after nigiit for nearly four ye;i:s
now looked down from placid skies upon
a more and more placid Democratic ad
ministration. During all that time not
the Fourth of July, nor the Columbian Ex
position, nor a California fiesta, nor any
otiier creature could so much as awaken
a North American cheer or provoke a
thriJl of enthusiasm.
Last night the air. split into irregular
fragments by -the cheers of the people,
smelled of burnt powder and was aflame
•with rocket-.
The streets were thronged with people
men and women and their babies — mov
with light step and cheering the
marching army of Republican patriots.
The name of McKinley sounded in their
ears very like the whirr of wheels and an
increased income.
The moon had seen nothing like this
jubilant hurly-burly in four year?.
THE HEAD OF THE PROCESSION, HERALD OF THE NEW ERA, AS IT MOVED OUT MARKET STREET. MECHANICS' PAVILION CROWDED
TO THE DOORS BEFORE THE SPEAKING BEGINS.
Answering a single day's notice, an army
had come into the streets wiih torches
and banners and bands and fireworks and
transparencies that seemed to have sprang
into place by mauic. A multitude eath
ered in Mechanics' Pavilion until it could
hold no more, et.ger to hear reptated to
them what they already knew — that the
campaign had opened that was to bring to
an end the period of apathy, depression,
poverty and industrial inertia that has
lain upon the country for four year 3 like a
green scum upon a stagnant pool.
The San Francisco Call.
The new era set in last night. It was a
McKinley opening.
m
THE FIRST PARADE.
Skyrockets, Red Fire and a Long
Line of Enthusiastic March-
Ing Republicans.
The as«emblinc of the marching army
of ratifyer? in the streets began as early as
7:30 o'clock. The rattle of horses' hoofs,
the sharp cries of command, the rlare ar.d
smoke of torches, the music of the bands,
occasionally bringing discord to each
other as they crossed each other's track
while the integral parts of the long pro
cession marched to their Reveral rendez
vous, made the early evening hours in the
lower part of the City lively to a degree.
Grand Marshal 1. P. Kincaid took his
position at New Montgomery and Market
streets, and from that point kept his aids
hustling carrying orders to the com
manders of the several divisions, or in
specting the course of the formation they
reported to him.
Within the sound of a trumpet, in the
rooms of the Union League Club. Palace
Hotel, the County Committee and its espe
cially invited guests were assembling and
making ready to join the procession.
A phuoon of police look up a position
in New Montgomery street at Market and
sharing the space with marshal and aids
prepared to lead the line.
The Continental League with their
naming torches and handsome uniforms
formed in New Montgomery street, right
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MOKXES'G, JUKE 21, 1896-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
resting on Mission. The Eagle Club
formed on the opposite side of the same
street. These with the marshal and his
aids, the County Committee, flanked and
escorted by the Lincoln Club, were to form
the first division.
The Howard Club formed on the north
side of Howard street, west of New Mont
gomery, the right . resting there. The
Thirtieth District Club formed on the left
of the Howard Club. The Austrian-Amer
ican McKinley Club formed on the south
side of Howard street, right resting on New
Montgomery.
The Thirty-fifth District Club formed on
their left. These, with the Army and
Navy Kepubiican League, which formed
in the same street, composed the second
division, under command of Marshal Fred
Frey.
The third division formed on the north
side of Howard street, with right resting
on New Montgomery. It was under the
commana of Marshal Sylvester Shehan
with a corps of aids. It was composed of
the Phoenix Cli'b, Young Men's Repub
lican League, North Beach Republican
Club and the Irish-American Republican
League.
The fourth division formed on the north
side of Mission street, with ,tne right rest
ing on New Montgomery. It was under
command of Judge A. B. Treadwell, mar
shal, with his aids. It was composed of
the Montezuma Republican Club, the
Forty-third District Republican Club and
the ltaio-American Republican Club.
Marshal J. E. Field had command of the
Fifth Division, which formed north of
Market street, on Montgomery, the right
resting on Post. It was composed of the
Republican Executive Council of Califor
nia, the Thirty-sixth District Republican
Club, the Forty-nrst District Young Men's
Republican Club, the Afro-American
League, the Forty-third District Repub
lican Club and the Forty-fourth District
Republican Club.
The Sixth Division fromed on the south
side of Sutter street, with the right resting
on Montgomery. It was under command
of Marshal Burns and aids. It was com
posed of the Thirty-fifth, the Forty-fifth,
the Thirty-ninth, the Forty-first, the
Thirty-fourth, the Forty-second, the
Thirty-first and the Thirty-seventh Dis
trict Republican clubs. The Ladies' Re
publican Club, which was assigned to this
division, did not get in line until it arrived
at the Pavilion.
The Bear Republican Club, forming the
Seventh Division, formed on Mission
street, with the right resting on Now
Montgomery. It was commanded by T.
W. Collins.
It was after 8 o'clock before the order to
move was given by the grand marshal.
As the head of the line moved out into
Market street the band struck up and a
volley of bombs gave notice to trie waiting
throng that crowded both sides of Market
street all the way out to the Pavilion, that
the great parade was under way, that the
campaign for "McKinley and Prosperity"
had fairly begun.
The Continental League, under com
mand of Marshal Bell, in their attractive
uniforms took the step from the music of
the band and set the cadence for the whole
line. Behind them came the Eagle Club
and back of these a wagon with calcium
lights flashed the signal up Market street
that they were coming.
Back of the band that led Marshal Frey's
second division came a wagon with red
fire sending up its bright column of smose
and lighting the enves of the building for
a block on both sides of the street.
Market street, from New Montgomery to
the Pavilion, was thronged with people,
and as the lights and flags and transpar
encies bearing the glad tidings of the bet
ter times passed by to the music of the
bands, the bursting of rockets and the
martial tread of the marching army of Re
publicans the enthusiasm of the crowd
kept pace and the cheers ran with them
also from the Palace Hotel to the Pavilion.
Every division was led by a brass band
and music seemed to move in an uninter
rupted stream out the thoroughfare.
Long before 8 o'clock, without waiting
for the demonstration of fireworks, music
and the marching multitude in the street,
people began pouring into the Pavilion,
and by the time the head of the proces
sion had reached there it> capacity had al
most been tested. The stage was crowded
with distinguished citizens, who faced a
multitude ready to cheer the speakers and
sound the slogan for McKinley and pros
perity.
The interior of the Pavilion had been
draped with flags and bunting that seemed
to pulsate with tlie feeling of jubilant ex
citement that pervaded the people that
filled the space beneath.
Last night, at the close of the meeting,
the Afro-Araerican League and Douglass
Guards marched to their hall on Bush
street and there held a ratilication and
jubilation on their own account- They
had made preparations in advance for a
big time. A banquet was spread, at
which there was a good deal of patriotic
speech-making, songs and high jinks gen
erally.
OUT MARKET STREET.
The Procession Moves Through a
Throng of People From the
Palace to the Pavilion.
Five thousand is the number estimated
to have been in line, and in passing the
corner of Grant avenue and Market street
the time taken by the iiroceasion was
three-quarters of au Lous.
A detachment or policemen (twenty-rive
in number), commanded by Captain Spil
lane, headed the line. They were followed
by Marshal Kincaid in his patriotic re
galia of red, white and blue. He was
mounted upon a spirited bay horse and at
tended by his aids, who wore white sashes.
The cry of the hoys on the streets, "Get
your McKinley badges here," was drowned
by the music as soon as the procession
moved.
All along Market street, from the Palace
Hotel to the Pavilion, the air was lurid
with red and blue lights, Roman candles
and skyrockets and the bursting of bombs,
while the strains of music mingled with
the cheers of the paraders and the throng
of men, women and children who block
aded the sidewalks upon each side of the
procession.
Transparencies were numerous and
torches and fireworks were as plentiful as
leaves on trees.
Japanese lanterns were carried by the
members of the Continental League, who
looked as picturesque as patriotic. The
spirit of '7t3 was happily illustrated by the
Continental nfsr in his shirt sleeves and
two young American drummers playing
"Yankee Poodle."
"Here We Are!" was the inscription
upon a transparency borne by the Presidio
Heights Club. The Howard Club was
ringing a cowbell in a wagon draped with
the National colors.
It announced itself to be "solid for Me
'< Kinley," and displayed an illustrative
picture of the smokeless mills under the
! mischievous policy of President Cleve-
land. Glaring out in the bold relief of the
brilliant blue fire were such sentiments as:
"McKinley and the McKinley Bill";
"California is for Protection to Her In
dustries, Her Workingmen, and for the
People's Choice, the Apostle of Protection,
William McKinley."
The Union League Club was represented
by a delegation of its members in car
riaees, who pledged the electoral vote of
California to McKinley and Hobart. "A
Protective Tariff," declared the Phoenix
Continued '0% Sight* I*lo*.
MAJOR McKINLEY IN HIS HOME
Pen Sketch of the Future
President.
BELOVED BY HIS NEIGHBORS.
Workingmen Come From Distant
Points to Offer Their Con*
gratulations.
CANTON, Ohio, June 20.— 1 had ample
opportunity this morning to draw a men
tal portrait of Governor McKinley as he
stood in the parlor of his cozy and unos
tentatious residence, surrounded by a
group of New York delegates. I found
him a square-shouldered, square-headed
man, rather short than tall of stature, and
inclined to corpulency. His hands were
in his pantaloon pockets and his feet wide
apart, eiving him a solid foundation. This
attitude is in harmony with the rest of his
physical makeup — strong, purposeful, re-
liant.
Standing in this position, with shoul
ders bet well back and chest thrown for
ward, tho hereditary determination of his
Scotch-Irish ancestry stands revealed. The
square, forward chin, the square jaw, the
lines extending downward irom the cor
ners of the mouth, the deepset lines from
the corners of the not-trils, the dimple of
babyhood grown into the cleft in the chin,
the lips horizontally set and the almost
level eyebrows tell the same story.
The most conspicuous facial character
istic of this man upon whom the eyes of a
nation are blnzing to-day is his aquiline
profile. It reminds you at once of an
eagle's head. There are the curved beak
of the king of the cliff and the crag, the
fine grained dark and rather scanty hair
brushed back over the ears, and the down
ward curve of the mouth to make the re
semblance more vivid. Like most of the
other dwellers in the moist heat of the
preat West, and like the Bonaparte whom
he resembles, there is no color in the Mc-
Kinley face, and this absence of red. which
is often an indication of a temperate life,
is made more prominent by the dark hair
and eyebrows and the suit of solemn blaex
cloth and the black tie which he wears.
The Republican candidate for the Pre^i
demry of the United States has a remark
able pair of eyes. They are gray and
deeply set. behind black and somewhat
shagKy brows. Indeed' they are set so
deeply that there does not seem to be any
eyelid above them, and most of the time
they are shaded. The dark-brown hue of
the upper atrip of the lower eyelid adds to
these a Rembrant chiaroscuro effect.
From trie midst of these shades, two .
round, bright, gray eyes snine at you. The ;
look is not keen and penetrating, nor de
livered from ambush, but open, bold and
sparkling. There is no winking of the
dark eyelashes, but the round pupils shine
as polished crystal. They are among the
frankest eyes I ever looked into.
Once, while I was clandestinely study
ing this remarkable man to whum the
signs of the times are pointing as the next
President, he left the group of New
Yorkers and walked to the back parlor.
His step was the stride of an Eg win Booth ;
every sweep of the body showed intel
lectual as well as physical power; there
was a free and graceful swinging of the
arms, a swaying of the compact rounded
figure, and a dipping of each shoulder in
unison with the step.
From an iron man, such as Governor
McKinley strikes me as being, you would
expect a rough, deep bass voice. But such
is not the case. The Governor's voice is
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
clear and musical, modulation and accent
being those of a trained elocutionist.
While possessing all the courtesy and
chivalric bearing of the Latin race, the
Governor has an ample store of Scotch
cautiousness which is the saving rudder to
hi 3 force of character. This came to the
front this morning, when one of the Nen
Yorkers laid before him on a table a small
flag, on the white stripes of wi ich wer«
printedi nted with pen and ink the name of a
.Republican club of tnat city, with the re
NEW TO-DAT.
EON
CZfl lilfl BABY
Grew Worse under Treatment of Best
v ' \,'\- Physicians. Tried
CUTICURA REMEDIES
Great Change in Five Days and To-day Is
Entirely Cured.
My baby had Eczema in its worst form,
One'of i he* best physicians in the city attended
her, but. she continued to get worse all the
time." He finally admitted he was at his wits'
end. I then got Clticcka Remedies, and in
a f'ic day* noticed a great change in her con-
dition. She continued to improve and to-day
i* entirely cured, has nice head of hair, and is
lively anil hearty. I spent considerable money
for drags and doctor's bills, which was useless.
J. B.JACOBS, 2031 Wiltons Aye., Bait., Md.
Spimi Cure Treatment.— Warm bttha with Crri-
rip.v Hoap. rt-ntlr applications of CrTiCfßA(ointmcnt>,
(he tires.', lUs corn, find mild done* of CCTICCBA Rssoir
text, greatest of humor cum.
Sold throughout the world. Price. CcncrmA .We;
6m 2.V.: RK3OLVSST..WC. as<i<L PottekDeucand
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when you
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it.
LEVI STRAUSS 6, GO'S
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
-; Are made of the best materials.
Sewed with the best threads.
Finished in the best style.
EVERY GARMENT 'GUARANTEED.'
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
I ;
O F W for a picture of our
| Factory, we will mail one to you free
, j |of charge.
I | _ ____
| WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
AODBESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
SAN FRANCISCO,
California.2
quest that the Governor should sign his
autograph on the white stripe below tbe
inscription. The Governor mechanically
dipped his pen in ink and held the pen
poised above the flag.
"I will not write upon the stars and
stripes," he said quietly, but with a de
cision from which there could be unmis
takably no appeal. That expression will
go down in history, although it sounded
commonplace there among the common
place people, who failed to take in its full
significance — the patriotism of the remark.
"No," said one of the prosaic lawyers
from Manhattan, "it's a misdemeanor."
"That's so," remarked the man who had
disfigured his country's flag with bad let
tering. "Write your autograph and your
name on a sheet of paper and that will be
just as good."
The Governor readily complied with the
request, and for ten minutes was busy
writing his autograph. When I asked
him for one for The Call he replied:
"I will give my autograph to the San
Francisco Call with pleasure," and he
dashed off "Yours, truly, Wm. McKin
ley," in those bold, square characters, so
like the man himself, meutally and physi
cally.
A seedy-looking but frank and honest
old man wearing on his coat lapel the cop
per button of the Grand Army pushed his
way through the crowd and stood in the
open space between the simicircle of visit
ors and the Governor. He was one of those
who would not write upon the stars and
stripes, and who had stood side by side
with William McKinley in the dark and
bloody days of the Republic, offering with
him his life blood to wash the white
stripes of his country's flat; clean of the
word "slavery" th.it had made it, in the
eyes of honesty, a flaunting r&g of shame.
The Governor's bright eyes glanced a mo
ment on the old soldier. In a moment
more he had sprung to his feet, had
grasped the old man's hand and ex
claimed with a heartiness which cou'd
not have been assumed:
"I am glad to see you, Thompson. 1 '
Tears came into the eyes of the old sol
dier, as he replied, "Yes, Governor, and
I'm glad to see you, too. I helped to elect
you twenty-live years ago, and I and the
other old soldiers will help to elect you
next November."
The old soldiers will not write upon the
s'ars and stripes by neglecting to vote for
their comrade, William McKiniey of loyal
Ohio. And Ohio appreciates the honor
that has been paid to her — the Presidency
of this great nation. The soul of the
nation is stirred to-day as 1 have seen the
soul of loyal Ohio stirred to its inmost
depths within the two days past.
The people of his birthplace came to
him this afternoon. The workers in the
tin factory at Niles, Ohio, an establish
ment made possible by the efforts of her
Governor toward the protection of Ameri
can industries, called upon him this after
noon with banners made of American tin,
and cheered their townsman to the echo.
Aa the Governor stepped upon the front
porch, it waa seen that he wore upon his
left lapel a badse of tin, representing one
of the industries which had not existed
before in America, but which had been
brought into being under the beneficent
policy of protection, of which policy lie
was the foremost advocate, next to Biaine,
of blessed memory.
In his speech on this #ccasion the Gov
ernor made the first political utterance
since his name was mentioned for the
Presidency. In a few simple words he
laid hi 3 finger upon the cause of the
trials which now afflicted the working
people of this Nation when he said that he
vra< glad to have demonstrated in his
native town that tin plate could be made
in America. His next sentence was
greeted by a chorus of cheers:
"When I have given the American
workingman a day's wages and a day's
work I will be satisfied.
"The Republican party represents a
policy that will give to every American
workingman American wa;_:es; a policy
that will put money enough into the
treasury to run the Government; that will
bring back to us the period of prosperity
and plenty that we knew for more than
thirty years. It is especially pleasing to
have the men from my own boyhood town
and from the place of my birth gather
around me in my humble home as they
have done to-day. I wish for old Niles'
prosperity in every workshop and every
factory, and love, contentment and happi
ness iv all your homes."
The Governor received me very cor
dially, but in reply to my request for a
statement from him on his conception of
public policy designed to secure the great
est happiness to the greater number of
the inhabitants of this country he said
that, while he would be pleased to favor
the San Francisco Call in every way be
could, it would be impossible for him to
make any statements at this time for pub
lication, for the reason that he might be
misunderstood.
"I have declined to state anything of
that kind to Murat Halstead, John Rus
sell Young and a score or more of other
newspaper correspondents from the creat
dailies of this country, because my friends
have advised me that it would not be
politic at this time, or discreet, to say any
thing on these matters. The committee
appointed to formally notify me of my
nomination will call upon me in about
ten days, and whatever I may have to say
on those matters wili be given to the pub
lic on that occasion."
At this moment Mrs. McKinley entered
the room. She has been for twenty-three
years a confirmed invalid and cannot walk
without the aid of a cane or other support.
She is a highly accomplished lady, of most
fascinating manner and of a cheerful dis
position. It has been a common remark
among those who have known this couple
for more than a score of years that into
the sunshine of their wedded lives there
never has come a cloud. Governor Mc-
Kinley is a devoted husband. Of him can
no man dare to say aught that he would
fear to have published to the world. His
private life is without a stain; without
even a suspicion of blemish.
Yet upon their happy wedded lives the
•whirling wheel of fate has brought much
sorrow. Across their lives misfortune
swept and tracked their hearts with deso
lation.
Two children blessed them; no Drighter
in mind, no lovelier in face and form, no
more beloved by God, indeed, than those
the poorest laborer holds close against his
breast when twilight ends his day of toil.
Their hearts' best love went out to those
Bweet gifts of God, and prattling music
filled that humble home. But angels
came unbidden and unseen and stilled tt:e
vibrant chords, and piucked tUe rosebuds
one by one, to weave them into the crown
of him who smiled when little children
played about the feet of God. There is a
spot on which the passing clouds cast
shadows; two little moundß, kept green
by summer suns and summer showers, the
grass as fr- sh and as bright as they who
lie beneath locked in the earth.
Tli is man and woman, joined as closely
as holy lovecould weld them, have learned,
through bitter pain, that smiles and tears
and life and death are interwoven in the
lives of all God's creatures. So these two
— this kind and Christian man ; this gentle,
patient suffering woman-have not es
caped the common lot of all, and sorrow's
link has bound them to the lowliest of
their neighbors. Among the grassy slopes
where the little mounds are shaded 'neath
the maples, this man's and woman's feet
on many a holy pilgrimage have worn a
pathway to their loved and lost.
Death can take away all else but love.
The memory of her own lost darlings has
bent her steps to deeds of golden light.
Many a home in Canton has been blessed
by the sunshine of her smile, the benefi
cent giving of her hands. The children
of the poor have been her special care. A
score of years have not fatigued her nim
ble fingers, and in that time there's many
a baby's foot been warmed with web and
warp and woof of cotton and of *vo<>l by
this sweet lady who will grace the White
House.
The record of William McKinley is one
of which the foremost citizens in any
State or any country might well be proud.
Hia loyalty has not been confined to
tongue utterance; it has been expressed
in deeds upon the field of battle; it has
been breathed forth in the stifling smoke
of gunpowder, nor has it been deafened by
the roar of cannon.
Mr. McKinley was born in Niles, Ohio,
January 29, 1543, about fifty miles east of
Canton, just north of the Western Reserve
line. His father was an iron-master there,
and had moved from New Lisbon, Ohio, to
the town of Poland, near Niles, so that his
children might be educated at the Poland
academy. In his college days at Poland
McKinley was the prize debater.
When the War of the Rebellion broke
out young McKinley's pulse was stirred
with patriotism, and in June, 1861, he
joined the ranks of the Union army at
the age of 18. He enlisted in the Twenty
third Regiment of Ohio Volunteers, which
was organized at Columbus. Its iirst
colonel was William S. Rosecrans, after
ward major-general. Its lieutenant-colonel
was Stanley Mathews. who became United
States Senator and Justice of the Supreme
Court. Its major was Rutherford B.
Hayes, afterward President of the United
States; and last, but not least of nil, in
the words of an old comrade, "there
marched in the ranks of Company E, with
a fat knapsack on his back and a heavy
musket on his shoulder, in a new suit of
blue, footed in brogans, the leather of
which resembled cast iron, the boy of 18,
Wiiliam McKinley, who was serving his
apprenticeship as one of the Presidents o(
tlie United States."
The first battle in which Private McKin
ley, a stout lad at that time, was engaged
was when Rosecraus defeated Floyd at Car.
nifex Ferry. Afterward McKinley's regi
ment fought under McClellan of the Army
of ttie Poiomae. He smelled powder at An
tietam and South Mountain, and after the
battle of Antietam he was promoted from
the rank of private to that of second lieu
tenant, on account of soldierly bearing and
brave conduct in those engagements.
The only step between his rank as high
private and that of second lieutenant
was that of commissary sergeant. He
never was a corporal, although he is little,
and he does not take kindly to his re
ported resemblance to the first Napoleon,
"The Little Corporal." He was afterward
promoted a first lieutenant and captain,
and served on the brigade and division
staff of General R. B. Hayes part of the
time, later as aid-de-camp. He also was
acting assistant adjutant-general on the
?taff of General George Crook, and witb
Sheridan in the Shenandoah Valley cam
paign. He faced the battle clouds from
which rained hissing lead at Cedar Creek,
at Winchester, at Fishers Hill, at Ope
quam, and on other fields at that period.
On that historic flay, when the gai
laiit Phil Sheridan rode his foaming home
from Winchester, young Major McKinley
was rallying the troops at Cedar Creek,
and Sheridan speats of it with pride in Lws
memoirs.
At Berryville, Major McKinley's horse
was shot from under him. He holds a
commission of brevet-major of the United
States Volunteer?, issued in 18'i4, for gal
lant and meritorious services at Opequam,
Cedar Creek and Fishers Hill. This com
mission was issued by Abraham Lincoln.
Major McKinley accompanied General
Crook to Cumberland, in Maryland, where,
after the capture of Crook and General
Kelley, General Hancock retained Major
McKinley on his staff until the brave young
soldier was assigned to the staff of General
Samuel S. Carroll, commanding the vet
eran reserve corps at Washington. The
future President of the United States
looked on with tear-filled eyes and bosom
swelling with loyalty and pride when
Grant received the sword of Lee at Ap
pomattox. Not until the end of the war,
Sep ember, 1865, did young McKinley lay
aside his sword.
Art connoisieurs will not approve of the
taste of Governor McKinley in the selec
tion of pictures with which to adorn the
walls of his Cautcn home. Instead oi
Psyches, nymphs and satyrs, Venuses de
Miiowhodonot bear arms and realistic
monstrosities by Munkacsy, or "A Maiden
Going Lo the Bath," there is a fine etching
from the life of General Ulysses S. Grant,
a Jarge steel engraving representing the
surrender of Lee to Grant at Appomattox,
a line engraving of Abraham Lincoln, and
other subjects 6f a like kind, which prove
that Governor McKinley's loyalty and pa
triotism are foremost in hia thoughts; not
only in his thoughts, but next to the dear
little woman whom he loves they are fore
mobt in his home.
In the case of men of the mold of Gov
ernor McKinley distance does not lend
enchantment to the view. On the con
trary the nearer you get to them the better
you like them. This is an infallible test
as to whether a.popular man merits his
popularity. The man who is not popular
at home and who is popular abroad does
not improve upon a nearer view. Unlike
wine he does not improve with age. You
may set in down as a truism that in nine
hundred and ninety-nine cases in every
thousand the man who is not popular in
his own horne — who is not more popular
there than anywhere else in the world — is
like the man who starves his family in
order that he may open wine for his friend 3
downtown.
I have found by indications which flaunt
in banners on the car walls in my jour
neys through thi3 State of Ohio, and in
what 1 have seen and heard in Governor
McKinley's home, where he is "an every
oay occurrence," and where his home Ufa,
his business life and his political life are
daily observable, that there is no man in
this State more esteemed or more beloved
than this same William McKinley. In
deed, it has been a matter of great sur
prise to me, for I had heard from those
who are not his friends, that he was a cold
man and that he had once given the soci
ety handshake to a young woman reporter.
"Tfte prophet is not without honor save
in his own country and among his own
people," is a saying which does not apply
to the subject of this articie.
Governor McKinley is not only loved
and honored by his own people, but he
is loved and honored by the people of
the United States, for no man can truth
fully say aught of his integrity or his
reputation that is not consonant with that
of a true Christian gentleman and a loyal
citizen of his country.
"I will not write upon the stars and
stripes," said -Governor McKinley to-day,
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
and no citizen who has at heart his own
welfare, the welfare of Ms wife, of bis
children, of his friends and neighbors and
felJow-citizens, the integrity of his nome
and the perpetuity 61 this great republic
will, in bis sober sense, write upon the
stars and stripes in a ballot against the
loyal soldier, the patriot, the loving hus
band, the beloved father, the true citizen,
the champion of American labor, William
McKinley. John Pall Cosgravb.
VISITED BY NEW YORKERS.
Informal Reception to Returning:
Delegates at the McKinley
Home.
CANTON, Ouio, June 20.— As Major
McKinley came out of the breakfast-room
this morning he was met at the door by
the members of the New York delegation,
who were admitted to ihe convention after
a contest before the National Committee.
They were: Cornelius N. Bliss, Anson G.
McCook, S. V. R. Kruger, William Book
rield, C. H. T. Collis and Robert J.
Wright.
They were accompanied by Abner Mc-
Kinley, the major's brother, whose wife
had been n guest at the house for several
days; Senator James It. Garrield, Bon of
the late President, and the following:
General Horace Porter, president of the
Union League Club; Colonel Henry H.
Petty man of Ohio; Senator D. Pavoy, New
York ; Roger I. Lewis, New York Assem
bly ; Andrew Jacobs, member of the State
Committee of New York ; William 8. Bagg,
Benjamin Oppenheimer, William Heno
ker, John C. Graham, Andrew Peddi,
Thomas Humphrey, I. E. McMullon,
Montagre Lesler, T. P. McGowan and
Lloyd Collies.
Their special car had been detached from
the train at the station, and they had
walked to the house. It had not yet been
put in order, but the visitors were warmly
greeted by Major McKinley. While con
versing with him Mrs. McKinley returned
from a short drive, and each of the party
was presented to her. In several she
found old friends, notably General Mc-
Cook.
Before leaving the party was photo
graphed, seated under a tree in the yard.
All bore away a memento of their visit in
the shape of the candidate's autograph
under a suitable sentiment. Abner Mc-
Kinley drove several of the gentlemen
about the city and the surrounding coun
try for an hour or two. The New Yorkers
left at 1 :20 o'clock for their homes over the
Pennsylvania road.
There was no formality in the greetings,
but Major McKinley conferred at some
length with several members of the party
over the outlook in New York for the
campaign. Bliss, who is president of the
Tariff League, expressed the liveliest satis
faction over the situation.
Congratulatory messages by wire have
about ceased arriving, but the mail this
morning brought in a great number of let
ters. Among them was the following
autograph letter from ex-President Har
lison:
My Dear Governor: I beg to extend to you
my hearty congratulations upan your nomina
tion and to express my confidence that the
people will, in November, ratify the work of
the St. Louis convention. Please present my
respects to Mr*. McKinley.
Bknjamin Harrison.
At 3 o'clock a trainload of people from
Niles, Major McKinley's birthplace,
readied the house. They attracted much
attention on the streets, for the banners
they bore were sheets of home-made tin
stuck into staffs. Major McKinley's ap
pearance to respond was the signal for an
outburst of applause. This subsiding, he
addressed them in a cordial welcome.
The first of the delegations from Wheel
ing to arrive was that of workers from the
La Belle Iron. Steel and Tin Mills — about
500 strong — who came in at 5 o'clock.
They carried tin canes, badges of tin, with
the name of the mills stamped on them,
and an immense banner of tin. On one
side was inscribed the name of the mills
and the year, <»nd on the other in immense
red letters, '•McKinley tin." The banner
was presented to Major McKinley and he
accepted it in a few appropriate remarks.
An hour later a second train arrived
from Wheeling containing the Ohio
County Republican Ciub, Bentley Jones,
president, 250 strong. Its spokesman was
Congressman B. D. Dovenor, who said:
"These gentlemen of the Ohio County
Republican Club represent the true Re
publicanism of our State and the loyal
Republican party that has stood for free
speech, for free men, for free press, for a
free ballot — but never for the free coinage
of silver at 16 to 1 or free trade in Amer
ica." [Cheers.J
Major McKinley, responding, referred to
West Virginia joining the Republican col
umn in 1894, and hoped they had come to
stay. He continued: "I recall with feel
ings of emotion the reference by Captain
Dovenor to our first meeting over in the
Kanawha Valley. We were then in the
midst. of war. The States then were in active
rebellion against the Federal Union. Thirty
three years have gone by; the war is all
over and the glories of that war belong to
the vanquished as well hh to the victors.
It is the Common heritage of all Ameri
cans, and to-day we know the North and
the South only as geographical divisions.
We are all one in devotion to the Union
and the flag; one in striving to make the
Nation more glorious than ever before."
ADDRESSED BY HANNA.
Cleveland Republicans Give the
Manager of the Campaign an
Ovation.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 20.— Hon.
M. A. Hanna and party arrived from their
victory at St. Louis tuis afternoon. The
Tippecanoe Club, 300 strong, 400 street
car employes and thousands of citizens
met Mr. Hanna with a band at the Union
depot.
The procession, which included fifty
carriages, moved through the principal
fctreets of the city, and a great demonstra
tion was held at the Tippecanoe (Jlub
rooms. After several speeches calls were
made ior Mr. Hanna. He said:
"This unexpected and overwhelming
demonstration robs me of what little
power of speech I nave left. I had little
idea that anything I had ever done en
titled me to such distinguished consider
ation. True I have for months been asso
ciated with a cause dear to the heart of
every honest Republican in Ohio and to
every patriotic citizen of the United
States. I entered upon that work be
cause of the love I bear for McKinley.
No ambition for honors like this prompted
me. I acted from motives of love for my
friend and devotion to my country. No
selfish ambition actuated me.
"I unite with you in rejoicing that our
efforts thus far have been crowned with
success, quite unexpected to our ad
versaries. [Laughter and cries of "Me,
too!"] For myself, I lay no claim for the
honor you accord me. 1 could have done
nothing without the people. AH I have
done has been to assist the people in nomi
nating tlie man they desired, and who
will by the people be elected the next
President."
"Yes; and after four years after that,"
some one shouted.
"I accept the amendment," said Mr.
Hanna, laughing and amid loud applause.
"William McKinley," he continued, "is
wanted by the people not only because of
his personal characteristics, although I
may say in passing he is the best man I
have ever known, but because of what he
represents. Without the people I could
have accomplished nothing, but if with
them I have accomplished anything I
have received in the success of the move
ment tbus far full compensation."
Although Mark Hanna was elected
chairman of the Mational Committee at
its meeting yesterday he did not sit as a
representative of Ohio, C. L. Kurtz baying
been chosen by the delegation from that
State. Mr. Hanna is the personal repre
sentative of Governor McKinley, and his
election as chairman of the committee is
in conformity with the precedent estab
lished by President Harrison when he re
quested that Thomas H. Carter, who was
not a meniber.be placed at the head ol
the National Committee in the campaign
of 1592.
HOBART IN PERIL.
A Train on Which He Is Riding Slg-
naled Just In Time to Prevent
a Wreck.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 20.— An acci
dent that might have deprived the Repub
lican party of its Vice-Presidential candi
date took place to-day on the Pennsyl
vania Railroad.
Early this morning two sections of a
west-bound freight train collided. Two
freigbtcars were derailed and thrown
across the east track directly in front of
the first section of the fast vestibuled
train running from Pittsburg to New
\ork. With two engines pulling it this
express train smashed into the wrecked
freigbtcars at full speed. Engineer Me-
In tyre jumped and was severely injured.
.Both engines, the combination baggage
and mail car, two express-cars and one
sleeper were derailed and damaged. All
he passengers were severely shaken up
by the shock, but none were killed.
Following the first section closely were
sections bearing the Quay party, the cor
respondents' train and tne private car of
Senator Bell, having on. board Hon. Gar
rett A. Hobart, the Vice-Presidential
nominee. .Fortunately these sections were
promptly signaled and stopped.
The news of the accident preceded the
train and at each stopping-place physi
cians were in readiness at the stations to
act, but their services were not required.
HARRISON IS PLEASED.
Expresses Hs Satisfaction With the
Work of the St. Louis Con
vention.
INDIANAPOLIS, I.nd., June 20.—Gen
eral Harrison said to a reporter this after
noon : "I am satisfied with tne work of
the Republican convention at St. Louis
and pleased with the results. As to Teller
and the silver bolt I <lon't care to talk."
General Harrison declined to be inter
viewed at length, but made these observa
tions in answer to a direct query. He is
apparently giving himself little concern
over the political situation just now. Some
of his near friends had hoped nil along
that the St. Louis convention would stam
pede to Harrison, but tne general gave no
sign that he had an eye on the conven
tion.
MR. DE YOUNG ALARMED.
Believes the Silver Bolt Has Placed
the Republican Ticket in
Great Peril.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., June 20.— Before de
parting for the East this morning, M. H.
de Younp of California talked on the effect
of the bolt la the Republican National
convention.
"Toe bolt," said he, "from the Republi
can convention is the wedge that may be
utilized to split Republican calculations
wide open. I do not hesitate
to say that should the Chicago
convention make a platform and
nominate a candidate in harmony with
the position assumed by tbe seceding sil
ver men and following closely on the heels
of such action, and the Populists and Bi
metallists, who are to meet in St. Louis,
should fall in line, it would place ihe Re
publican ticket in greater peril than I
would like to see. I believe it would take
California from McKinley, and I know it
would lose a number of heretofore reliable,
strong Republican Western States to our
ticket."
ENGLISH PRESS VIEWS.
The Sr. James Gazette Fears the
Vigorous Foreign Policy of
the Republicans.
LONDON, Eng., June 20.— The St. James
Gazette, in an article on the effect of the
possible election of McKinley to the Presi
dency upon the relations between Great
Britain and the United States, says: It
cannot be said that the Democrats, under
Cleveland and Olney, have shown a too
friendly spirit, but we fear we must not
hope for better things from the Republi
cans. Jingoism is not a monopoly of one
party, and we shall be lucky if we escape
further causes of difference during Mc-
Kinley's regime. We shall be lucky, too,
if we succeed as speedily as possible in
arranging for the permanent arbitration
of which the Marquis of Salisbury spoke
yesterday.
However, the Gazette adds, Great
Britain is to be congratulated upon the
reasonable certainty tnat if McKinley is
elected the United States will continue to
pay its obligations in honest money.
The Globe says: The outside world
would prefer the installation of a govern
ment pledged to both a gold standard and
a moderate tariff. The paper adds that
President Cleveland might consolidate
under gold the Democrats of the non
manufacturing States by proposing to con
tinue the existing tariff, with slight modifi
cations.
The W T estminster Gazette says: The
protection policy to which the party is
committed will doubtless be as injurious
to our trade as before, but for the moment
there will be a sense of relief at the fact
that the Republicans are against tamper
ing with the currency.
The Pall Mall Gazette says: The hol
lowness of the silver fraud was shown at
the St. Louis convention.
The Statist says that despite the deci
sion of the convention in favor of sound
money, the election of McKinley will not
assure the restoration of order in cur
rency so long as tue Senate is governed by
a silverite majority. President Cleveland,
it adds, has met the opposition of the
Senate by continual borrowing, and Mc-
Kinley will go on borrowing. He is cer
tain to disturb trade by raising the customs
duties. The United States within seven
years has had three alterations in the
tariff. Probably there will be a revolt
against the new McKinley bill, but the
country is threatened with a fourth tariff.
The outlook, therefore, does not im
prove, but grows darker. Investors ought
to leave American securities alone.
The Spectator declares that it is prema
ture to assume that the Republicans will
win. The Democratic convention to be
held at Chicago may by a successful
straddle attract the silver vote.
The world owes no man more than one
living.
WHITNEY'S BOOM
AGAIN INFLATED
Gold Democrats Advance
Him as the Logical
Candidate.
BELIEVE HE CAN WIN*
The Ex-Secretary Still Declares
He Does Not Want the
Nomination.
HIS MISSION AT CHICAGO.
Will Issu3 a Statement Urging His
Party to Desert the White
Meta 1 .
NEW YORK, N. V., June 20 —The
sound-money men of the Democratic party
are looking to William C. Whitney as the
natural leader of the single standard in
the Chicago convention. He has received
since Wednesday letters from conspicuous
men in Massachusetts, Connecticut, Penn
sylvania, Michigan, New Hampshire and
New Jersey, thanking him for his deter
minatioii to battle against the free-silver
forces. These messages have contained
pledges of support in carrying out any
plan which Mr. Whitney may have formed
for pushing gold to the front. Mr. Whit
ney saw President Cleveland in Washing
ton about two weeks ago, and the finan
cial question was talked over by them.
Mr. Whitney also saw Mr. Lainont in
Washington and conversed with him on
the same subject.
Mr. Whitney has adopted a course of
complete reserve until he shall have
reached Chicago to begin personal work
among the delegates, and with men
through whom he can influence the acts
of the delegates. He has not decided on
the day that he will go to Chicago, but it
will probably be about July 5. When
there he will make some written state
ment of his reasons for urging the con
vention to adopt a gold standard.
Mr. Whitney considers that the Demo
crats on a sound money platform, with a
sound m'~ney candidate, will have an
equal chance to win against McKinley
and the Republican platform of gold and
protection. This view is shared by other
notable members of the party.
The possibility of Mr. Whitney being a
candidate for President, notwithstanding
hia repeated statements that he was not,
was revived again yesterday. In talking
of it ha said: "I am not a candidate for
the Presidential nomination. lam going
to Chicago to do what I can for sound
money. Some of my friends think I can
do something."
General T. C. Catchings of Mississippi is
a sound money man from a soft money
State. A short time ego, he said last
night, his State was lor gold. It still had
four gold men among its seven Repre
sentatives in Congress. The other three
were rampant for silver. So were the two
Senators. The General believes that some
of the gold Representatives will fail of
election this year, and that, unless the
tide of free silver sentiment If stemmed
soon, nearly all the gold men will be over
whelmed in the flood.
"I am not discussing politics, however,"
he added, "and I do not care to go into
the subject. I may say that I think we
will have a very hard time in trying to
turn the silver men from their set pur
pose. An earnest and persistent effort -will
be made, but I cannot venture a predic
tion as to the result. I can only hope
that, whatever may be the financial plank
at Chicago tlie Democrats will win.
"I think the party will remain intact in
the South. We have many other consid
erations in that section that will keep us
all in line at the last moment, no matter
what may be the general policy adopted
by the party for the political campaign."
It appears that bankers and other busi
ness men interested in the maintenance of
the present gold standard are not going to
rest content with tbe declaration upon
that point in the St. Louis platform.
Efforts are already being made through
various banking and business channels to
arouse a sentiment throughout the coun
try in favor of the adoption of a similar
plank by tne Chicago convention. Per
haps the most comprehensive movement
in that direction is being made by Harvey
P'isk & Sons, who have a large number of
bankers and investment correspondents
throughout the country. They sent out a
circular yesterday setting forth the im
portance of educational work to remove
ignorant notions and prejudices in favor
of cheap money. In conclusion the firm
says:
"We suggest that, irrespective of party
affiliiations, you at once communicate
with tne delegates and alternates to- the
Chicago Convention from your district,
urging the importance of the adoption of
a plank declaring in unqualified terms for
the maintenance of the present gold
standard.' '
MONTANA DEMOCRATS.
Cleveland Denounced In Speeches
and a Free Coinage Plank
Adopted.
BUTTE, Most., June 20.— The Demo
cratic State Convention met here to-day
to select delegates to the Chicago conven
tion. It was the first harmonious gather
ing of Democrats held in the State in a
number of years, the Clark and Daly fac
tions being united in the convention and
both were given representatives in the
delegation. By acclamation Hon. W. A.
Clarke of Butte, the millionaire banker
Letters
Of praise, telling of great benefit from
Hood's Sarsaparilla, come in every mail
car arriving in Lowell. Tlie keen dis-
crimination of the people long ago settled
the question of the comparative merits of
bloo<i purifiers, and the millions take
Hood's Sarsaparilla and only Hood's.
Sarsaparilla
Is tbe One True Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1
Hf»oH'« Pillc are the best at'ter-dinner
11UUU » r«»l=» pills, aid digestion. 20c.
and mine-owner; Senator E. S. Matts of
Anaconda, a leading Daly man, and ex-
Governor Hauser of Helena were chosen
deleu;ate3-at-large. They are probably the
most prominent Democrats in the State
and have a National reputation. Tlie
other three delegates elected are Paul A.
Fusz of Granite County, W. G. Downing
of Cascade and Sidney Fox of Sweet
Grass.
The platform makes no mention of
Orover Cleveland or his administration,
Dut both were roundly scored in speeches.
The financial plank reads:
As a question overshadowing all others,
which to-day engages the thoughts and affects
the welfare of the people of the United States,
we are in favor of the restoration of silver as
money as it existed prior to its covert deniou
etization|in 1873.
For this purpose we demand that the mints
of the United States be opened to the free coin
age of silver as weli as gold, at the ratio of 16
to 1, without awaiting the action of any other
nation.
We declare it as our belief that the demone
tization of silver is the prime cause of its de
preciation ana also of the general stagnation
and depression that exists in all brani-hes of
industry and trade throughout the United
States, and that permanent prosperity can be
restored only by the restoration of silver to its
former position as mone ■ equally with gold.
We believe tlie tree coinage of silver will not
only revive the drooping industries of tbe
country, but the natural and inevitable result
of free coinage will be to enlarge and extend
the foreign commerce of tlie country,particu
larly witn ail nations having a like system of
currency to our own; that in this respect it
will be more promotive of reciprocity in trade
than all tariff laws or treaty stipulations that
can be devise- or entered into.
Finally, we believe on this question the use
of both guli and silver as money will put it
beyond the power of any combination of
capitalists, whether at home or abroad, to so
concentrate. money as to be able to raise or de
press at will the products of labor tnroughout
the world.
The platform declares for a tariff for
revenue sufficient to meet tbe expenses of
the Government, and that it shall be
levied for the equal benefit of all sections
of the country. It declares against the
issuance of bond 9in times of peace, and
favors an amendment to the constitution
providing for the election of Senators by
popular vote. The American Protective
Association was also denounced.
LET US PRAY FOR WISDOM.
Ex-Governor Campbell's Advice at
a Gathering- of Maryland
Democrats.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 20.— Ex-
Governor James K. Campbell of Ohio was
the orator to-night at a Democratic gather
ing under the auspices of the Interstate
Democratic Association at Riverview, a
river resort on the Maryland side of tlie
Potomac, fourteen miles below this city.
Governor Campbell commended the cour
age of department officials and employes
in attending a Democratic meeting and
making an open profession of their po
litical laitn. Speaking of the forthcoming
convention at Chicago, Mr. Campbell
said :
"If a stinging and lasting defeat would
be avoided in Novemoer the majority at
Chicago must concede and conciliate,
while the minority must yield and concur.
If sagacious, harmonious and brotherly
counsels shall not prevail, we go to un
avoidable defeat and to a defeat like that
of 1860, the result of our own stubborn
and recalcitrant conduct. Let us pray
NEW TO-DAY.
humFhreys
"Brain Fag"
General Debility ; Physical and Nerv-
ous Weakness and Prostration, arising
from lons continued illness, Excessive
Physical or Mental Application, Exhaust-
ing Drains upon the system beyond its
power of recuperation. The symptoms
are varied: Weakness, Easy Fatigue,
Weak or Lame Back, Sweat or Starting on
going to sleep, Vertigo, Singing in the
Ears. No. 24 is a HOMEOPATHIC
TONIC and will make you well. If there
is Indigestion alternate with No. 10, the
famous Specific for
Dyspepsia; indigestion; weak stom-
ach bad taste, coated tongue, offensive
breath, loss of appetite, and dull, heavy
stupid feeling; rising of water or food
after eating.
Scores of sufferers have been restored to
LIFE, HEALTH and VIGOR, by the use
of SPECIFICS Nos. 24 and 10.
"77» for Rose cold
Homeopathic Book mailed free.
Bold by druggists or sent prepaid upon receipt r.t
rrtce, flask $1, trial "<JS cents. Humphreys' Medi-
cine Company, ill William street, New York.
Do you
need any
Of these items ? If so, call on us at
once, for they won't last long.
Real China, Decorated Dessert Plates,
were 16c: now 10c.
Real China, Decorated Dinner Plates,
were 20c; now 2 for 25c.
Real China, Decorated Dinner Plates, tinted edge,
were 25c; now 16 c.
Real China, Decorated Dinner Plates, extra large,
were 30c ; now 1 5c.
English Decorated Cups and Saucers, large sire.
3 for i sc.
Table Lamps.
NICKEL STAND, CENTER
DRAUGHT, 40 CANDLE POWER
Complete with Shade and
Chimney,
Were $2.00; now $1.55
RAZORS and SHEARS ground by
skilled mechanic*, si specialty.
818-820 MARKET ST
- * ■
HIGHEST GRADE AID GUARANTEED.
$85— $5 DOWN— s2^!g
For the Beaotifil '96 Models.
Excellent Second-Hand Wheels
at from $15 to $35.
DHOI BlimE COMPANY,
18 and 20 McAllister Street, 3. F.
OPEN EVENINGS.
COSMOPOLITAN.
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and Vii JFlftU at., Saa
i ranclsco, Cal — The most, select family hot«l la
the city. Board and room, ml, $1 25 and *1 at) pay-
day according id room, Meals 2 sa. Koom* aJj
ana 760 ftday. coaoa to and from tat notat.
■u>oii Jar the coaca bearing tha name oMha Uo«-
-laopoumu Hotel. WAL iAUJfiV. .rroprietofc
that wislom, prudence and patriotism
may govern the Democratic hosts when
they assemble on the 7th day of July.
They* haV* it within their power to per
petuate tfce only existing party whereby
the rights of the great masses may be pro
tected and preserved; or they have it
equally witlin their power to destroy its
usefulness for years and mayhap forever.
"The people of this country have for
given the Democratic party much in days
gone by, but will th y ever forgive it if, in
contention and animosity, it fritters away
the opportunity of to-day?"
ON THE ENTIRED LIST.
Two Chief Engineer.* of the Mavy to Take
a Long Heat.
WASHINGTON*, D. C, June 20.— Two
chief engineers of the navy will this week
be placed upon the retired list upon their
own application after forty years' service,
though neither of them has yet reached
the retiring age. One of them, Chief En
gineer Kutz, is stationed at the Mare
Island navy-yard and has been promi
nently identified With the construction of
the riiachinery of the ships of the new
navy, his last duty having been at the
Union Iron Work's, San Francisco, prior
1o which lie was at Orarnps.
HEW TO-DAT.
MGLHSON&Ca
--A.T
Factory Prices!
OUTING SHIRTS,
NEGLIGEE SHIRTS,
FANCY SHIRTS,
WHITE SHIRTS,
SUMMER UNDERWEAR,
SWEATERS,
HOSIERY, ETC.
748 ASD 750 MARKET STREET, S. F.
242 MONTGOMERY STREET, S. F.
LOS ANGELES and SACRAMENTO.
WILL TANS
YOU " FORI>
WALK? DOLLAR.
Even though it is a little out of your way; even '
though it may be the first time you have gone
south of Ma-ket street for your shoes? It is not only
a question of price with us, but also the assort-
ment, shapes, styles and the fit; for we have all
the new ideas in shoemaking at prices that attract.
CHILDREN'S /to
SUriMER T^f 00
TANS *X*
CHILD'S FINK TAN GOAT BUTTON
(chocolate shade), made on our new
square-toe shape, stylish toe-caps and O"| .Of»
solid oak-tan double soles. <Jp.L— .
These shoes are only to be compared with those
so elsewhere at $1 60.
Child's sizes run from 6to 10 '/i only.
Have you the Sullivan Money-saver— the book
of shoes for out-of-the-towa people? Sent free
anywhere fur the asking.
SULLIVAN'S
MONEY-SAVERS : IN : SHOES,
18-20-22 Fourth Street,
Just Below Market.
HURRAH
FOB THE
POIJR.TH
From Now on Up to JULY 4, '96, We
Will Give With Each Purchase of a
BOY'S SUIT
At Kither of Our Stores, a Box of
FIREWORKS
FREE.
Composed of the following: 3 package* Crackers,
1 Ruby Light, 1 Spark Unit Bomb, 1 lower Pot, 1
Red Gem, 1 Young America salute, 1 Miniature
Red Torch, 1 Troller Wheel, 1 Yellow Jacket, 1
Bee Hive, 1 box Red Fire, 3 Pin Wheels, 3 Blue
Lights, 1 package Torpedoes, 1 Pistol, 1 dozen
packages Caps, 1 Volcano, 1 Sky Rocket, 3 One-
ball Candles, 2 pieces punk.
THE OLD! XL,
L. V. MERLE, Proprietor.
616 to 630 Kearny Street. 646 Sacra-
. mento Street, 647 and 649 Commer-
cial Street; also Branch Store, 45
and 47 sixth Street, corner Mission.
DDIICUCC KOR BARBER* BAK-
KK 11^ K9* * rs - bootblacks, bath-
KllvVlllaWli(ms"s, billiard- table.),
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannery
dyers, flonrmllls, foundries, laundries, .", paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stable-
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
_ ■■■■•._, BUCHANAN BROS..
Brash 3l» nu turer», 609 Sacrameatosl*TELLER TO LEAD
THE POPULISTS
Third Partyites Launch the
Coloradan as Their
Candidate.
AN ADDRESS TO VOTERS.
Declare the Former Republican
Should Head a Fusion
Ticket.
URGENT APPEAL IN HIS BEHALF
Twenty-Six Leaders Append Their
Signatures to an Open
Circular.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 20.— The leaders
of the Populist party, who have been in
session here the past twenty-four hours,
tbis afternoon issued a circular addressed
particularly to Populists and generally to
voter? of every party. The document is
signed by twenty- six leading Populists
irom six Western and Southern States,
- in full as follows:
ressly disclaiming any purpose or right
to biml any party or person by the views here
vet forth, we but yield to an overpowering
tense of duty in saying what we do to mem
bers of the People's party and to all other good
citizens who, apprehending the approach of a
momentous crisis in our country's Hie, arc
willing to avert it by acts of exalted pa
triotism.
We came to St. Louis as citizen members of
the. People's party to be present at the meet
ings of the National Republican Convention
that we might determine more definitely for
ourselves the true aim of that organization in
the present struggle.
Here we have seen the "boss in politics
more securely enthroned, more servilely
obeyed and more dictatorial as to candidates
and policy than has ever before been witnessed
in the field of National politics. One man, the
perfection of his type, representing the mil
lionaires, the banks, the corporations, the
trusts and every other remorseless and pluto
cratic element in our country's life, has,
through the power of money, dictated the
nomination of McKinley and shaped the plat
form of his party.
We have witnessed a convention, magnifi
cent in numbers, pretending to represent "free
American constituencies, moving for three
days as if a hand of terror was above them,
whose might they dare not tempt, and whose
imperious pointings it was impossible to dig
obey.
This convention, slavishly responding to the
will of the money power, has forced an issue
which must be met. It is a challenge to the
yeomen of the land. If it is declined — or, if it
•hall succeed — the fetters oi a tyranny more
grinding than that of Czars or Emperors will
be riven upon the plain people of the country; |
fetters which must be indefinitely worn with
the contemptible spirit inseparable from will
ing serfs or in the end be broken with the
Irresistible power of a mighty revolution.
That issue is formulated in the demand that '
the existing gold standard must be preserved, !
and for the enactment of "all measures de- I
signed to maintain inviolably the obligations
of the United States and all our money— either
coin or paper — at the present standard."
This means that silver shall be permanently
degraded into mere money of change, and
that it be deprived of its legal-tender quality
except for some paltry sum.
That the greenback and all other forms of
Government paper shall be redeemed and de
etroyed.
That the National banks shall be swollen
into a power of triple their present ability to
contract the value of money, to absorb the
earnings of industry and to grip the throat of
all industrial and commercial life, while from )
time to time it terrorizes the voters into choice '■
of iv tools for all legislative, judicial and ad- <
ministrative positions.
It will require that all of oor present Na
tional bonded debt be refunded and new bonds
be issued, running for half a century, and
made expressly payable in "the present stand
ard" of money — gold.
All other forms of debt — private, corporate,
State and municipal— will ultimately be made
payable in the same yellow money, or its
equivalent.
With these measures enacted — the gold
racy triumphant — the condition of the
people will be no better than was that of the
rerently manumitted black slaves. Their right
will be to go to the end of the chain that binds
r : ., m — a freedom of irremovable debt, of grind
ing poverty, of a black and cheerless future.
The money power has forced this issue
now, because in its judgment those whom its
would enslave are; divided into hostile
political families which cannot be united in
time to resist its ons»t. It regards it as im
'.e that harmonious action can be se
cured between the different organizations that
tavot monetary reform and resistance to their
insatiate greed. With Populists, silver Demo
crats and independent bimetallism supporting
d.fferent nominees for President and the Na- 1
T:,>:irtl Congress, it ft-els assured of victory, and
it hns determined to press now and without
aoatement the advantage which this appar
ently lamentable condition raises up before it.
In this the most threatening ciisis that has
menaced the country since the Clval War,
tnough simply citizen members of the People's
party, we venture to make momentous sugges
tions to you, our brethren. In doing this we
have neither desire nor thought to impair in
the least degree the efficiency of our noble
organization, charged as it is with the liber
tips of present and future generations, and
whose integrity and growth are essential to the
perpetuation of our free institutions. Our con
stant aim will be to defend it from foes within
aad without and to preserve it as a power
consecrated forever to the defense of human
ity's dearest right upon the American conti
nent.
In view of the shameless submission by the
Republican Convention to the most extreme
(!• n:andß ever made upon Americans by the
money power, every thought and effort of
American manhood should, from this hour,
• i ward creating and cementing a union
between those who would resist the conspiracy
of wholesale robbery and grinding oppression.
A roin< idence of fear, of hope, of conviction,
ai-cafly exists among intelligent and ob
»<?rvant people. Political divinon aUme_crgj
■tes an obstacle to unity oi purpose ana har
mony oi action between them. The duty of
every patriot ii to remote this obstacle, so far
ab it can be, by honorable concessions and
reasonable sacrifices. These do not contem
plate even tho thought of merging our party
into any other or the slightest impairment of
it« efficiency; but, alone, for the sake of
humanity, and to avert, if possible, the dis
fiMnrs which the supremacy of the money
power now so menacingly forebodes, to secure
the union of good citizens who think alike
upon the important issues of financial reform,
in Lehalf of the election 01 a President who in
i-pirit is antagonistic to none of the funda
mental principles of our party, has openly en
gaged in the most sturdy advocacy of our
chiefest measures.
Measures must be gained or defeated through
i:\--n. After all the chief problem in thiscrisis
is to find a man upon whom patriots can
unite; whose life is witness that, if intrusted
with authority over National legislation and
Its enforcement, he will defy every allurement
of wraith and every menace of power, stand
ing unflinchingly by the cause of the people
Iv the fierce struggle inseparably connected
with the enactment of our proposed financial
reforms.
We see in the private and official life of
Henry M. Teller a beacon, brightly burning,
warning the people off the threaten ing shores
of dissension. He has but now publicly
abandoned the Republican party, with which
he has been associated since its first organiza
tion, entering it when led by conscience to
strive for the overthrow of human bondage
and leaving it when Lincoln's teachings were
swallowed up in the greed and cruelty of the
money kings. For twenty years he has been a
commanding figure in the Nation's life, a Cabi
net officer and Senator of the United States.
Nominally a Republican, he has many times
openly defied his party when its members
sought to make it an iustrumentof injustice
and oppression.
'•For twenty years he has stood as a bulwark
against the tyrannical encroachments of the
National banks; he has never hesitated to
declare that they should be deprived of ail
authority to issue money and to control its
volume; he i 6 an unflinching advocate of the
duty of the Government to maintain and ex
ercise exclusively for the people the sovereign
power of emitting all money — gold, silver and
paper. He holds that to issue bonds in time
of peace is a stupendous wrong to the people
and the country.
"When to this official record are united an
unsullied private life, a character without
blot or stain, a grateful and generous nature,
a patriotism that knows neither State nor sec
tion, we feel we are but performing a duty to
our beloved country in thus calling attention
to Mr. Teller's merits and availability as a
candidate for President, as one upon whom all
Populists may consistently unite, while they
strenuously preserve and strengthen their or
ganization.
"The necessity and wisdom of a dispassion
ate consideration of his claims upon the sup
port of the American people have become the
more apparent since the patriotic Republican
leaders who abandoned their party under his
inspiration have announced him as their
I nominee for President of the United States.
"We beg our fellow Populists to calmly con-
Mder the suggestions we have made. It is our
' fervent hope that the patriotism of our mo-
I tives will, in their judement, justify the course
j of communication we have taken. Let us all
■ so act thai, if in the wisdom of an inscrutable
I providence the union which we may tender
and of which our suffering country stands in
such trying need, may not be affected, we can
I at least declare in the presence of God and our
I country tnat we did our duty as patriots and
j the fault of failure does not lie at our door."
H. E. Tacbkxeck, Illinois.
J. H. Davis, Texas.
M. C Raskin. Indiana.
T. H. Patterson. Colorado.
J. Hugh McDowell, Tennessee.
John P. Stei.lk, Illinois.
Thomas Fletchfr, Arkansas.
How ABB 8. Taylor, Illinois.
Homer Prince, Arkansas.
J. W. Dollison, Arkansas.
M. R. COCTMAH, Arkannas.
J. A. Edgkrton, Nebraska.
R. A. San key, Kansas.
Charles K. I'ai.mkr, Illinois.
F. D. Eager, Nebraska.
J. P. Hess, Illinois.
A. L. Maxwell, Illinois.
George M. Jackson, Arkansas.
S. J. Wright, Texas.
S. P. V. Arnolp, lUinois.
Ecgene Smith, Illinois.
W. J. QUICK, Missouri.
Calvin K. Reifsnider, Missouri.
Frank E. Richey, Missouri.
W. J. Pi.ATT. Tennessee.
Horace C. Clark, Colorado.
♦
NEVADA SILVERITES.
Populists Invited by the Central
Committee to a Fusion on the
State Ticket.
REN^O, Nev., June 20. —The central com
mittee of the Silver party of Nevada met
j here this afternoon and completed its
labors at 6 o'clock this evening. Chairman
James H. Kinkead called the fifteen mem
bers present to order. It was evident from
the outset that the committee was at sea
as to what it should do. Political changes
were coming so thick ar.d fast that it
wanted to avoid future complications.
The committee decided to make no dec
laration of principles at this time, and
passed a resolution inviting the Populist
party of Nevada to a fusion with the silver
party at the State Convention. Senator
John P. Jones, Senator William M. Stew
art and Francis G. Nawlands were chosen
delegates at large to the St. Louis Conven
tion. The following were also selected,
making fifteen in all: W. H. A. Pike, J. B.
Tolley. Thomas Wren, M. S. Bonnifield,
George S. Nixon, James F. Dennis, A. 8.
! Thompson, W. J. We-terfield, S. P. Davis,
: J. G. McCarthy, M. Sheeline and William
Burke.
The State Convention will be held at
Elko on Tuesday, September 8.
THEY ARE NOT DEMOCRATS
Bolting: Sllverltes Will Not Press
Teller's Candidacy at the Chi
cago Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., June 20.— Hon. A. B.
Campbell of Idaho, one of the silver dele
gates at large from that State who bolted
the St. Louis convention, and whose sig
nature was attached to the National dec
laration of the seceders issued from St.
Louis yesterday, was in this city to-day.
He said nothing would be done by the
element to which he had attached himself
to secure an indorsement of Senator Teller
as a Presidential candidate at the hands of
the Democratic National Convention. In
all consistency, he said, they could not
seeK Democratic support as such. While
they had withdrawn from the Republican
party on the financial issue, yet they did
not desire nor intend to be placed in the
position of going over to the silver Demo
crats.
♦
Silver Tones Prom Ohio.
TOLEDO, Ohio, June 30.— Five counties in
Northwestern Ohio to-day elected delegates
to the Democratic State Convention to be
held In Columbus next week. Four of
them — Seneca, Henry, Auglaize and Han
cock — instructed for silver. Sandusky
County adopted no resolutions, but the
delegates are for silver. Advocates of the
gold standard here say that the State con
vention will declare for silver by two to
one.
BANKER WYCKOFF DEAD
Head of the New Amsterdam
Bank Succumbs to His
Wounds.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 20.— George
H. Wyckoff, president ofjthe New Amster
dam Bank, who was shot Monday by
George H. Semple, died at the New York
hospital to-day. His condition took a
turn for the worse in the hot spell yester
day anu he passed a very bad ni^ht. His
wife and family were with him when he
diei.
President Wvckoff was born in New
York fifty-seven years ago. He wa3 the
son of Jacob H. Wyckoff, vice-president of
the New York Savings Bank. He was
Buccesßively clerk, paying teller, receiver
and cashier in the New York County Na
tional Bank. He Decame vice-president of
the Deerfield National Bank in 1879 and in
May, 1895, was elected president of the
Bank o* New Amsterdam.
Mr. Wyckoff" s assailant, Semple, died
the day after the shooting. The affair
took place in the president's office shortly
after noon Monday. A stranger calling
himself Clark presented a note demanding
$0000, and on Mr. Wyckoff's refusal to
pay it shot him and then himself.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
BRITONS TIRE
OF SALISBURY
Railing at His Domestic
Arrogance and Foreign
Blunders.
KRUGER'S LATEST MOVE.
Parliament Dare Not Ignore the
Demand That Rhodes
Be Tried.
PLIGHT OF A TORY MAJORITY.
Unable to Pass the Education Bill
Over a Numerically Weak
Opposition.
[Copyright 1896 by the New York Times.]
LONDON, Eng., June 20.— Although
Parliament as an institution is a good
many hundred years old in England its
capacity for novelty is by no means ex
hausted. We are witnessing something
now at Westminster which no one has ever
seen beiore — that is, the spectacle of a
party with lf)0 majority quite unable to
pass its principal measure. Those who
say franKly that the education bill is dead
are probably nearest the truth. The pro
longed and anxious Cabinet councils and
the personal conferences among groups of
Ministers which have been held all the
week are going on still with a view to
finding something to tell the party on
Monday which will not be a confession of
blank hopelessness; but it is not likely
that they will succeed.
In most other parliamentary countries a
majority is always primarily a majority,
and it behaves as such. In England
alone can you find a majority of immense
dimensions, armed with the powerful
and sufficient weapon of closure and with
no opposition worth considering, wbich
suddenly stops on the path it has roarKed
out to follow, meditate*, gets nervous, ex
amines its conscience fearfully and finally
turns tail in a panic of its own creation,
trampling on its leaders and abandoning its
party baggage in undignified, unintelligi
ble flight.
That is how the situation reveals itself
to the superficial view. A closer examina
tion, however, shows something more and
better. It shows that Englishmen are
really governed by reason, and that not
even a majority of 150, bound together by
perhaps the strongest disciplinary ties
that any modern British party has known,
can be dragooned into passing a bill which,
upon reflection, it sees would be bad for
the country.
That is the true explanation of what has
happened. It is also true of course that
Balfour has proved himself altogether un
equal to the task of managing this huge
Tory majority. No one wants him to re
tire, because he is such a nice fellow, but
everybody sees and admits that he is a
grievous failure. There is much less di
vision of opinion about his uncle, Lord
Salisbury, of whom the rank and file of the
party are bitterly sick, and for whom, in
the bargain, they personally have no affec
tion.
His foreign performances and his do
mestic statesmanship are alike incompre
hensible to them and they fiercely blame
his bigot son, Lord Cranborn, for having
loaded the education bill with impossible
masses of sacerdotal and sectarian dead
weights. The Cecil family stock, in other
words, is down very low in Tory estima
tion.
It was easy to foresee, as these dis
patches did last autumn, that something
like this breakdown would occur. It is
not so easy to guess now from day to day
what shape events will take. Chamber
lain is moving cautiously about in the ob
scurity of the Unionists' welter, feeling
his way to secure profit for himself out of
the disaster. There is an indefinite feel
ing that next week he will assert himself
somehow and drag the party out of its
mess. He has hated the education bill
from the beginning and its collapse leaves
him quite unscathed. If he were not just
the man he is this crisis might bring him
to the top with an irresistible rush, but
being what he is no one quite trusts him.
Possibly things might take shape so
that the Tories would consent to follow
him for a little while as they did Disraeli,
but he lacks tha genius which enabled
Disraeli to convert that reluctant assent
into fervent loyalty.
Obviously next week is also to be a
Transvaal weet. This interminable issue
alternately fades out of sight and then
bursts flaming upon the vision with the
calculated regularity of a planet. In some
respects this new formal demand from
Pretoria for the immediate trial of Rhodes,
Beit and Harris is the most serious phase
which the whole business has yet as
sumed. Because of the form in which the
demand is put it is very difficult for the
British not to tell Kruger to mind his own
business, but they know very well that he
s really in the right, and half of them —
perhaps many more than half — will say so.
It is all an extremely delicate and difficult
question which the English, who are
deeply ashamed of the part they are made
t<^ play in it, would gladly have kept quiet
till it was settled by silent press of time;
but these implacable, dogmatic Calvinists
of Dutchmen may keep holding it up and
rubbing the nose of the British iion with
it until, as I have always feared from the
outset, irritation gets the better of honor
here, and then the Englishman will kick
the Boer to pieces.
The English papers know a good deal
more about America than they used to,
and the press comments here on the St.
Louis Convention are quite conventionally
correct, though not especially interesting,
inasmuch as the London editors rarely
read anything except the National from
our s?de. Their opinion of McKinley is
not high, but they do not seem to be
afraid of him, as" might have been ex
pected. The dear old Daily News, in its
cable dispatch, achieved one very charac
teristic blunder. It announced that "for
Vice-Preßident Mr. George has been
elected," and added that he ia "a Hobart
of New Jersey."
What "a Hobart" is, or how their Jer
sey kind differs from others, the News did
not explain. A letter was written to the
editor, ingeniously begging information
on this point, but it failed to get into
type.
There have been numerous shipwrecks
with far greater loss of life within the last
dozen years, but the tragedy of the Drum
mond Castle seems to have made a pecu
liarly vivid and somber impression on the
public mind. Everybody has been think?
ing so much about South Africa of late
that this fatal break in the chain of com
munication with the Cape becomes, in
imagination, a part of the general unhap
piness which England is getting out of
Africa. Editorial comment here was dis
posed at first to be very harsh on Captain
Pierce, but to-day's papers contain a num
ber of protests from old Biscay experts,
who agree that the currents off Ushant
defy all science and zealous care. Several
correspondents narrate from their own
experience the unsuspected drift of a yes-
S3l thirty or forty miles out of her course
in a single night, which in thick weather
makes the rounding of that dangerous
corner an absolute lottery. Attention is
also called to an ancient local belief that
there is some powerful mineral or other
influence in the submerged rocks off
Ushant which throws the compass all
wrong. This universal conviction among
seafaring Bretons has been treated for
centuries as a superstition, but now the
disposition is to wonder if there is not
something in it.
Some sensation has been caused in Aus
tria by the news that the Archduke Otto
has been summoned to Vienna from his
garrison duties in Hungary, and that he
is to be inttalled in the Auggarten Palace
as visible heir to the crown. No one is
much surprised at the fact that this ar
rangement passes over Otto's elder
brother, Franz Ferdinand, because he is
known to be an incurable invalid, but the
formal elevation of Otto to this nigh place
forces some very ucly mutterings into
prominence. He is well known to be a
stupid, ignorant blackguard, whose gross
conduct toward his wife and toward the
decencies of civilization has before now
angered his imperial brother to the point
of personally thrashing him with a stick.
Polite chroniclers pretend now to believe
that residence in Vienna and the sense of
responsibility will educate Otto into a val
uable personage, but everybody knows
that thin is arrant nonsense, and the
private assumption is that Otto's nine
year-old son, Charles Francis, ia really to
be the heir.
The German papers are expending for
them an unprecedented amount of space
on the visit of Li Hung Chang to Berlin.
The court set tne example by giving him
an official reception, which could not have
been exceeded tor tne emperor of China
himself, and he is treated in every respect
like a royal personage. This is made sig
nificant by the fact that Marshal Yatna
gata, chancing to come to Berlin at the
same time, was barely noticed by tlie offi
cials and hurried to quit Germany in con
s' quence. The Liberal journals quarrel
with this as a foolish blunder, but the
Government press prints excited columns
about China's greatness and magnificence
and of the part which Germany is des
tined to play in her development.
It is said that Li is not only giving big
orders in Germany for warships, arras and
the like, but that he ha 3 arranged for well
picked German officers to go out at large
salaries to completely reorganize and
train the Chinese army. The English
have not given up hope, however, that
when Li comes here and sees the vast
shipping yards of the Tyneside and the
Clyde he will conclude to have the new
Chinese navy built here instead.
Yesterday afternoon the nuisance of
women crowding upon the riverside ter
race of the House of Commons at the tea
hour reached a point where everybody
admitted that it was intolerable, and it
seems very likely that action will be taken
next week to put a summary stop to the
abuse. The fashion is of quite recent
growth. I remember when only an occa
sional American lady, in being shown over
the House, ever yielded to the suggestion
of having tea on the terrace. Gradually a
few of the more adventurous among
British females followed this trans-
Atlantic example, but for years they
remained few. Then suddenly it became
the mode of the smart set, and the num
bers rose to the neighborhood of a
hundred.
Now, this year, especially since the dis
cussion about the employment of wait
resses has advertised the thing, literally
thousands of women who long to be
thought smart swarm upon the House
every bright day, lay siege to members for
admission and crowd, not only the terrace,
but its approaches and the outer lobbies,
till it is impossible for the officials of the
House to move about. The feeling is at
last almost general in the House that an
end must be put to the folly in some way,
although probably many of those who
protest most vigorously would shrink
from publicly voting to stop the custom.
Hiram Maxim, in a long letter to the
London Times, says that Professor Lang- I
ley's flying machine is really a small j
working model of Maxim's own big struc- !
ture recently exhibited and tested here, j
Maxim seems to think that Langley was i
more sensible in making a small machine
and projecting it from a boat, so that it
would not be smashed when it fell into I
the water, than himself was in building j
one twelve times as large and starting it i
from rails on the ground, where every
tumble would involve three months' time
and $5000 for repairs. Maxim concludes,
moreover, that the trick has really been
learned and that it is now possible to make
a successful and practical flying-machine.
Since the rather extraordinary incident
occurred of Catholic seamen belonging to
the British Mediterranean squadron being
received at the Vatican by the Pope in
their uniform, the alarm at the previously
suspected Catholic movement inside the
Anglican church has been spreading
swiftly. One. hears of Protestant parties
organizing in various parts of England for
the purpose of imposing an anti-Romish
pledge upon Parliamentary candidates in
the future, and all sorts of rumors are cir
culating about a secret understanding be
tween Rome and a large section of the
Anglican clergy. Lots of ritualistic priests
have been wearing birettas for a long time
instead of the old collegiate mortar-boards,
but now it is said that the biretta is being
taken up by numbers of the younger
clergymen hitherto not prominent in the
ritualistic movement. It will not be sur
prising if soon there is an organized "no
Popery" agitation throughout the country.
The Yale men are all well and bloom
ing. They are watched with attention by
crowds of experts in their practice at Hen
ley. The first impression of the English
boating men was altogether unfavorable,
but this is changing, I hear, upon closer ob
servation, and public opinion is preparing
itself for a close, hard race, though 1 rind
no Englishmen who think that Yale is
going to win. The Trinity Hall men, who
expect to win the victory themselves, say
that the Yale boat coes very last when the
oars are in the water, but loses way when
they are in the air.
First details of the recent French census
show some unexpected results. Generally
speaking, the big towns have ceased to
grow at the expense of the country, but
the Mediterranean ports have gained enor
onsly, to the prpjudice of all the other
seaboard places. Bordeaux, Havre, Cher
bourg and Dunkirk have been practically
A FASHIONABLE »y?
AFFAIR. fill
At the seaside, on the ferry-boats and on the streets X X X X
I to-day you'll see worn more pretty Spring Suits than '
you have seen in many a day and most of 'em came — ---. % J__J
from Raphael's, purchased during this great Closing -4M»<>' %^ v^r^gip
I Out Sale of our $12 and $15 Spring and Summer \ A ' l .im/W
j Suits. _^im^ /YMK^
There's a whole lot of us that can't pay $40 and . /V\WvX% n\J/l\
$oO to the tailor as in times of yore. / / vv\iV J ( \
Our tastes haven't changed, but coin doesn't flow as I /p^^YiW / l\
\ easily as it did in the past. I AvJ T | \~V^,I &V* \
Here's where the big store scores a point. I \L M-^f^^&| I \i /
: - Those very selfsame folks that are in the habit of \ Ira /}}'% 1~~7 I 1 OW
going to the tailor are the very ones that kept the big \JaJJ j ¥ I) \ ■
store packed and crowded all day yesterday. WhS I I f I
-A. HIT! . j'A I J\
A big hit we scored with those very clever Suits, the \ /If Sr—iW'j \
prettiest of English Homespuns in light and dark ef- j I/ 1 I \ b
fects. It's impossible to imagine prettier garments in !11 \\ \\\
neater colorings. [/ iII ill
Those very clever Scotches in pretty overplaids ; &7 Nq^ II >^
Those very dressy Pinhead Checks in Cutaways ■ ' W
and Sacks ;',:."" *
Those very dressy Black Thibet s; X X X X
MONDAY AGAIN 8 \ % %
And during the entire week ; it's going to be a Spring X X X X
Carnival with us and with you at ■ #222
— "Sjp l "7 -fc^t3"— ™ X 2 2 2
>CKXXK><>O<><K>O<>OCK>O<><><KK><K>o I Jw illl 11 Jffl P H Al El if / •wT
Don't you want our new 6 IP^^ / m~^ S 2 /W^ » B
Booh, "Hints From a Big X | A^^X m. JL J. J. A Ik ■-j " -j *\ *
Store" ? It's a valuable aid 9 j
to those that shop by mail, 9 (INCORPORATED).
Tour address, please, and X FRISCO BOYS, AND "WE'RE PROUD OF IT,"
we'll send it to you. 9 - ¥ •- — j
x>ooo<,oooooooooooo<xxhxx>? 9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
stationary, while Nantes, Brest and Calais
exhibit serious losses.
This is accounted for by protection,
which has crippled French trade with the
civilized European States and with Amer
ica, while Marseilles and Toulon have in
creased by 20 per cent because they are
the gates through which all the new
French colonial energy is poured, ana
they profit by the expeditions to Asia,
Africa and Madagascar which the repub
lic is continually sending forth. The fact
that all this activity costs France money,
whereas the now diminished trade ot the
Atlantic and channel ports used to bring
in money, appeals to a few thoughtful
statesmen and economists, but they can
not get the French public to listen to
them. It is estimated that in another
five years Marseilles will have displaced
Lyons as the second city of the country.
Harold Frederic.
DENHAM`S VICTIMS.
Memorial Services in Reaped to Their
Memory Mr Id at San Joir.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 20.— Memorial
services in respect to tne memory of the
Jate Colonel R. P. McGlincy and family,
the victims of murderer Dunham, were
held by San Joae Grange in G..A. R. Hall
this morning. President Saunders pre
sided oyer the meeting. Rev. IS. A. Has
keli of the Unitarian church delivered the
memorial sermon. Short addresses were
made by several members.
VANCOURSE SCOOP.
Three Crooks Arrested for Making and
Pas/ting Spurious Coin.
VANCOUVER. Wash., June 20.— John
Burns, Hattie Burns and W illiam Wilkins
were arrested here last night by Constable
William Smith for passing counterfeit
coins. These, in company with another
party who has so far not been apprehend
ed are known to have passed counterfeit
dollars, half-dollars and quarters at sev
eral places in town, and are supposed to
have made the coins themselves.
NEW TO-DAT CLOTHING.
A MYSTERIOUS SUICIDE
William Gottlieb Shoots Him
self in the Head Last
Evening
The Death-Inflicting Revolver Missing
and in All Probability It
Was Stolen.
Another mysterious suicide— mysterious
owing to the fact that the revolver which
sent a DUllet crashing through the brain
of the suicide, William Gottlieb, cannot
be found — occurred last evening in Golden
Gate Park.
Just at dusk, as Park Policeman Kinney
was crossing a thickly wooded patch of
ground near the conservatory, he noticed
Got'lieb's body. He immediately notified
the Coroner's office and Deputy Coroners
Hallet and Smith drove to the scene and
conveyed the remains to the Morgue.
A thorough searcn of the ground near
the body was made, but no pistol could be
found. A ragged hole in his right temple
was sufficient evidence that a revolver
bullet had caused death. To account for
the weapon being missing the officials
suggest that some person hearing the shot
hurried to the scene of the lonely tragedy
and, finding the body, robbed it of all
valuables.
A pawn-ticket |dated June 20 was found
on the body, showing that deceased bad
received $24 on a watch a few hours before
death.
The following letters were found on tne
body:
To the Coroner: I have taken my own life on
account of different things — mostly because I
have no money and cannot par what I owe.
I hope you will break tue news of my death to
the landlady of my house at 157 Seventh
street first, because she will be better able to
tell my wife. William Gottlieb.
My Dear Loving Wife, Lizzie: You must for
give me for causing you this pain, but in th c
end you will be Better off because you know I
have not been much of a help to you and I am
in your way. But always rememDer that I
always loved you and blessed you and little
Mabel and Joe in my last thoughts. George will
help you all he can, I know, and my father
must give you the money that he owes me —
about $500. Your husband.
William Gottlieb.
Another Point Elliee Bridge Firtim.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 20.— Another
chapter in the sad Point Ellice bridge
catastrophe was ended this morning, when
Dr. John Lang, who was a passenger on
the ill-fated car, succumbed to the in
juries he received. This mates the fifty
sixth victim of the disaster.
NEW TO-DAT.
A FRESH ARRIVAL
Local physicians and public in
general can obtain Dr. Browne-
Sequard's Vitalizing Tablets, as
Mr. Root, druggist at Sixth and
Howard streets, has just obtained
a supply from the East. These
tablets are highly esteemed by
the medical faculty for lack of
energy, premature weakness and
nervous debility arising from all
excesses. Price reduced from
$1.50 to $1 package; 3 packages
(month's treatment), $2.50, post-
paid.
34
HIGH JINKS AT SANTA CRUZ
Revelry of Burlesquers on
the Last Carnival
Night.
WILD REIGN OF REX
STRAUSS.
Queen Josephine and Her Suite
Pay a Visit to the
Philadelphia.
MASKERS MARCH TO TUNELESS
Mcrsic.
Grand Ball at the Pavilion, at Which
Many Fantastic Costumes
Appear.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 20.— There
can have been no fiesta in all the State of
California to exceed in attractiveness of
feature and successful accomplishment of
detail this Sania Cruz Venetian Water
Carnival. There has never been a week in
the history of this city when the summer
days were more beautiful or the nights
more charming. Monterey Bay was never
bo cairn and pretty as it has been for these
four carnival days. There nave never
been happier people assembled for a holi
day than have come here this week. From
"Wednesday noon until Saturday midnight
the pleasures of the visitors have been un
broken. For the trustees of the Carnival
Association there have been weeks of la
bor, but for the people there has been
nothing but pleasure. Beginning with
the coronation of Queen Josephine and
ending with the maskers' burlesque, there
has net been an hour without its attrac
tion.
Onlhi3 last day Queen Josephine and
her maids visited the Philadelphia. Ad
miral Beardslee expressed his admiration
for the queenly way in which Miss Turcot
ruled her happy subjects and gave a
luncheon to emphasize his good will
toward the people whom the Queen so
well represents. Most of the suite ac
cepted the hospitality. It was visitors'
day aboard both ships, and the bay was
dotted with small craft from early morn
ing till late in the evening, carrying
thousands out to inspect Uncle Sam's
men-of-war. The Spreckels yacht Lur
line, which arrived early this morning,
the Raroona and Captain Bruce's pretty
"White Rover also drew many admiring
visitors.
These scenes on the bay have been a
part of this grand carnival, and have
added much to the pleasures of a week
which will be long remembered by every
visitor to Santa Cruz.
in the glare of a myriad of lights and
to the bewildering blare of a cbinies band
King High Jinks Strauss and his gracious
Queen floated up the lake and went gayly
to the throne so recently vacated by her
more graceful but no more gracious Ma
jesty Queen Josephine. Roncovieri played
music appropriate to the occasion, the
populace yelled and hallooed until the
noise was deafening, the Queen did a ;
dance before the throne and the jinks was
on.
Upon the lakes were a hundred gayly
decked floats, Jaden with motley crews of
ridiculously togged humans, not one of
whom showed a tendency to preserve the
peace and quiet of the dominion. But
peace and quiet were not expected, as the '
Queen indicated when she lumbered down
from her step-ladder throne, summoned :
her whole retinue and, to the music of a
popular air, led them through a drill and
dance in which there seemed to be a?
many drum-majors as burlesque soldiers.
The great audience enjoyed the fun and
•with their tin horns joined in the noise i
Sam J. Strauss, Director-General High Jinks of the Santa Crnz Masquerade.
[From a photograph. ]
and did. The maskers left their floats, at
tacked the throne, and with the King and
Queen borne aloft on their shoulaers joined
in the mad dance of the courtiers.
All of tnis was preliminary. After the
decidedly noisy ascent to the throne the
real fun of the evening began with a ballet
by the maids of honor. Premier Dansense
Fred Howe set the pace. They danced un
til Roncoveiri began "The Sidewalks of
New York," and then gave way to tne
Qneen, whose dance was scarcely started
when a fire broke out in the big tenement
next the throne.
The whole court, attracted by the
agonized cries of the inmates, fled to the
rescue. The local Fire Department, how
ever, got there first, and gave an excellent
exhibition of the way their work is done.
Roncovieri accompanied the spectacle
with appropriate illustrated music. The
volume of applause was swelled by a mad
dening bur3t of fractured harmony from
the ChlnMS band en masque upon a barge
on the river.
Then beß£.n the fireworks, and a beanti
ful pyrotechnic display it was, interspersed
dv funny specialties before the throne.
At 10 o'clock Chief HornDlower Alzina
with his out-of-tune musicians led the
merry party of maskers to the carniva
pavilion, where everybody on- the great
dancing floor was in costume. They were
not all burlesquers either. Many of the
Jadies and sentlemen wore suits that were
handsome and made a pretty contrast to
those of the odd-looking members of King
High Jinks' merry following. After a
grand march they danced away the night,
and th.is ended the great carnival that has
been so successfully conducted by the en
terprising gentlemen and ladies who have
had it in charge.
ARRIVAL OF THE IURLING
Commodore SpreckeW Yacht Puts In at
Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jane 20.— The first
sound the residents of Santa Cruz heard
this morning was the booming of big guns.
Hundreds were already up, but a great
many more were stealing another wink of
sleep from which they were rudely
awakened. Some thought the two men
of-war were firing some sort of a salute
and that they were missing a poition of
the programme.
It was not long before a crowd gathered
on the beach and saw John D. Spreckels'
pretty yacht Lurline riding at anchor not
The Yacht Lurline at Anchor in Santa Cruz Bay Near the Cruiser Philadelphia and Monitor Monadnock.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.}
far from the two bi^ warships. It was the
small craft that was maKing all the noise,
and she was a pretty sight with her tall,
graceful masts piercing the morning mists
and the wreaths of bright blue smoke
from her guns curling around them.
The salute from the Lurline was an
swered by all of the other craft in the bay,
and for a time there was a booming of
cannon that sounded like a battle. In a
short time a fleet of small boats put out to
the new arrival ana found that all was
well on board.
The yacht Lurline left San Francisco
Friday evening at 5 o'clock. There were
on board: Adolph Spreckels, Captain Tom
Watson. Alexander Swenson, W. 8. Leake,
John C. Lewis and John R. Dickey. The
yacht made a ppiendid run, and was a few
miles at sea just off Santa Cruz at 11 o'clock,
last night.
A lively head wind commenced to blow
at that time, bo that no progress could be
made, so the yacht lay to all night.
Shortly after daybreak the wind blew just
right and the Lurline was soon at anchor.
The yacht, with the party on board, will
start back to San Francisco Monday morn
ing.
AM ANTON SCROTT`S CONCERT
Delightful Musical Programme at the
Carnival Pavilion.
8 ANT A CRUZ, Cal., June 20.— The con
cert given at the Carnival Pavilion this
afternoon by Herr Anton Schott was at
tended by a large and fashionable audi
ence that showed marked approval of the
great German singer.
With all the merry-making, the people
appreciate high cluss music, and they
could have had no finer opportunity than
this concert afforded to indulge their pre
dilection. Roncovieri's band added to the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
pleasure of the afternoon, and the audi
ence retired from the great pavilion
pleased with the delightful performance.
It was a happy conceit which led the car
nival trustees to provide this addition to
the line programme of events. Indeed
there is only praise spoken to-night of the
whole affair from beginning to end.
THE CALL'S THIRD SPECIAL.
Several Thousands of Papers Sold in
Tiro Hours.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 20.— The
Call's third special carnival train reached
its destination in fifteen minutes less time
than the one on Friday morning, thus
breaking another record. The run was
the easiest of the three.
Conductor Bradley handled his train in
j the best manner possible, and covered the
distance without any great straining. As
| he has beaten his own time on each sue
| cessive occasion, there is no telling to
j what he would cut the record if he kept up
| the work for a month.
Papers were more eagerly sought this
i morning than ever, and, although several
; thousand were brought down, the supply
■ was soon exhausted. The train got in at
' H o'clock, and in less than half an hour the
most distant parts of the city had been
covered, and the newsboys were waiting
at the doors of the hotels.
Everybody wanted a paper. One of the
boys cleajpd $2 in an hour and a half's
work.
"I wish The Call would send down a
! special train every day," he said. ''It
| would bo easy for us boys. It ain't any
• trouble to sell papers. All you have to do
l is poke them out, and the people hand
i you the nickel — sometimes a dime and
| don't want change."
Cycle Handicap Roadraee.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 20.— The Golden
West Cyclers will hold a five-mile handi
cap roadrace over the East San Jose
course Sunday afternoon at 1 :30. The en-
tries are as follows: W. Higgins, L. Fol
som, G. Van Leeuwen, E. Fournie, AY.
Farrell. T. Meikel, F. Hambly, E. Watts,
\V. O'Bannon, J. Meikel, J. Wandra.
SAN JOSE HOY KILLED.
Beating His Way JCatt on a Train That
Wan Wrecked.
SAN JOSE. Cal., June 20.— Alfred N.
Doane, the 13-year-old son of A. A. Doar.e,
who resides nt 63 North Fifth street, was
killed in a railroad -vreck near Lincoln,
Nebr., yesterday. Doane was a broom
maker, and started to Deat his way East in
search of work about a month ago. The
car in which he and two tramps were rid
ing was derailed by a collision, and all
three were killed.
ARDELL WANTS TO DIE.
Lovren's Supposed Accomplice
Takes an Overdose of
Morphine.
Left Letters Statins He Tcok No Part
in the Attempted Train-
Robbery.
VISALIA, Cal., June 20.— Charlie Ar
dell is lying on a mattress in the Sheriffs
office from an overdose of morphine taken
witli suicidal intent. Dr. Patterson at
this hour cannot cay what the result
will be.
About 10 o'clock to-night Guard Russell
was called by Ardell. On going to his
cell the prisoner whispered to him, "I
have taken poison. I guess I have done
wrong, but yon can send for c doctor if
you want to." He told Ruasell that he
had taken about a spoonful of morphine.
He left the two following letters in his
cell:
Visalia, Cal., June 20, 1890.
To Whom II May Concern: I am innocent of
the crime that lam charged with. I was -not
connected with it in any shape or form ana I
believe I will die to-night. As Loyren is con
victed I have no object in saying it if It was
not the truth. I never spoke to Britt in my
life, even to this day.
I may have met Haynes four years ago, as he
says, but I never met him in the last yenr or I
would surely remember him. His testimony
is a lie, as Is also Pursell's, as I never talked to
McCall on the subject of robbery, und I never
was interested in one. McCall did not have
my pistol, as it was not out of my possession
that night.
Hawkins swore to a He, but I believe he
thought he was telling the truth, for there was
a man drove over from Tulare that night with
a rig similar to the one Hawkins described,
but it was not Lovren who drove it. He was
the man who came after Daggett. I mot him
at the Palace. I think his name is Kupp. This
is the truth if ever it was told.
Charles Ardell.
I took morphine. It was some I found In
this room when I came in here. It was not
brought to me by any of my friends.
Another letter bore the following on the
back, "Please deliver to Miss May Stan
ley." On tl>e other side was written:
Visalia, Cal., June 20.
Dear Love and as True a Friend as I Ever Had:
You remember my promise mat death would
never part us. 1 will kuep my promise, but
cannot iio it any longer.
I know my love worries over me night and
day, so what is the use of waiting for Septem
ber for the worst to come; I know I am getting
robbed. Love, you had better go oat to Mag
gie's. Well, I will say good-by to the only one
I ever loved. My last thought was of you.
Your true love, Chables ardell.
At 11:45 Dr. Patterson left for home and
said: "I think he is all right. He is easily
aroused and my belief is that he is out of
danger." Rus-ell. when told by Ardell
about the poison, immediately summoned
help. While Deputy Frank Hafley went
after a Dbysician they walked Ardell
around the office, which had the effect of
starting a perspiration. Another man
procured a wet towel and rubbed and beat
Ardell over the head and shouldrs with it.
RATIFICATIONS
ON THE COAST
Republicans Indorse the
Work of the St. Louis
Convention.
MUCH POWDER BURNED
With Music, Parades and Pyro
technics Satisfaction Is
Expressed.
MEETINGS IN MANY TOWNS*
Enthusiastic Thousands Cheer the
Champion of Protection and
Prosperity.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 20.— Fully 2000
people gathered on the plaza to-night to
listen to the speeches of prominent Re
publicans ratifying the nominations ol
McKinley and Hobart. The evening was
a perfect one, and more than 1000 persons
stood for an hour and a half whila the
speakers were singing the praises of Me
', Kinley and protection. For an hour be
fore the time for the meeting to be called
1 to order anvils and bombs were being fired
i and bands of music were playing on the
i oorner of the plaza. Rockets were sent np
: from the square while the throng was
: waiting.
Chairman Otis Perrin of the County
Central Committee introduced George W.
; Ashley as the chairman of the meeting,
< and the following vice-presidents were
asked to take seats on the platform : j
George A. McKerizie, N. Nevin, Ralph P. I
! Lane, August E. Muenter, W. F. Jordan, |
Fred Arnold, A. W. Simpson, R. G. W.
, Fyfe, T. A. Nelson, Carl Salbach, Jacob
Simon, C. T. Eckstrom, Dudley Sebree, H.
I C. Bender and J. Pattarga.
The first speaker of the evening was
Attorney Arthur L. Levinsky. He said
| that it was not only a ratification meeting,
; but a jollification over the fact that the
j Republican convention had been wise
; enough to select as the standard-bearers j
for the coming campnign such men as Mc-
Kinley and Hobart. That they would be
j elected, he declared, there could be no
j doubt, and the crowd evidently thought so,
too, for it cheered loudly at this assertion.
Assemblyman E. I. Jones followed
Levinsky and made an eloquent speech,
expressing his pleasure at knowing that
i the champion of protection was to lead
the Republican hosts to victory next No
, vember. Police Judge C. P. Rendon and j
I Attorney Arthur H. Ashley followed with
stirring speeches, and then the address of
the evening was made by ex-Judge J. G.
Swinnerton. He is one of the ablest :
speakers in the State, and soon had the
big crowd cheering for McKinley, while
he placed the Democrats and the present
administration on the gridiron and literal
ly broiled them with scathing words.
LOS ANGELES RATIFIES.
Thousands of Citizens Starch in a Long
Procession.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 20.— Los
Angeles County towns poured their Re
publican populations into this city to
night, and formed part of the largest and
most enthusiastic parade and ratification
ever witnessed in this end of the State.
The demonstration was in honor of the
Republican nominations at St. Louis, and
in point of numbers taking part and hilari
ous jollity was all that most steadfast
party adherents could desire.
The great parade, punctuatei with ban
ners and transparencies, passed through
Main and Spring streets, terminating at
Hazard's Pavilion, where a monster indoor
meeting -,?as held. The pedestrian por
tion ot the procession carried the Na
tional colors and numerous Chinese lan
terns. "McKinley and Protection" was
the slogan. Band's and clubs from all the
principal towns of the county were in the
procession, the post of honor being ac
corded the McKinley Club of this city.
Pasadena's division was especially note
worthy.
A platoon of police preceded the parade,
followed by Grand Marshal J. W. Long,
C. E. de Camp, chief of staff, and the fol
lowing aids: W. 8. Daubenspeck, W. H.
Young, H. Glaze, F. W. Stein, David
Jones, D. P. Donegan, J. Walter Barber, J.
W. Vaughn, G. L. Kefer, Dr. William
Dodge, L. H. Schwabe. 8. M. Haskell,
John F. Francis, Fred X.. Rule, Frank D.
Dunegan, E. W. Kinsey, J. A. Kelly, G.
P. McLain, Thomas Strohm, Roy Jones,
W. D. Shearer.
The yelling along the line of march was
deafening. The parade was conspicuous
for the large number of young men in it.
These were the Young Men's Republican
League Hussars of Pasadena, and a half
dozen young men's leagues of this city;
then the Army and Navy League, the
i Sixth Ward Club, the First and Seventh.
Ward clubs and hundreds of voters form
ing part of the several divisions. There
were fully 3000 citizens in.line.
A great silk banner, the gift of Captain
Cressey to the McKinley Club, bearing a
magnificent portrait of the Presidential
candidate, was greatly admired by the
throng of people who packed the side
walks throughout the entire length of the
procession route.
By 9 o'clock Hazard's Pavilion was
packed almost to suffocation. Captain F.
J. Cressey acted as chairman of the meet
ing and master of ceremonies. Able
speeches were made by Hon. Henry T.
Hage. Judge W. A. Cheney, Colonel Byron
L. Oliver, Hon. George Reed and General
A. B. Campbell.
MOUNTAIN VIEW APPLAUDS.
Orchardi*t» and Laborers Shout for
Prosperity's Chan>pion.
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Cal., June 20.—
The ratification of the nomination of Mc-
Kinley and Hobart for President and Vice-
President, respectively, was most enthus
iastically and fittingly celebrated last night
by the Republicans of this place. Many
people without the Republican ranks were
present, and the name of the great pro
tectionist was received with cheers. The
orchardist and the honest laborer were
present and testified unmistakably by
their actions that they were eager for the
chance to help place the country in the
hands of those who favor the protection of
their homes and firesides.
The Mountain View brass band supplied
the music. Captain Abbott and Amos
Neff, old-timers, had charge of the anvils
and made the welkin ring in honor of the
standard-bearer. Several large bonfires
lighted up the country around.
SAN BERNARDINO REJOICES
McKinleu and Protection Cheered by
Enthusiastic Thousands.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal.. June 20.—
! The McKinley-Hobart ratification to-night
i was a success beyond the most saneuine
expectations of the most enthusiastic Re
publicans. At an early hour the hosts
began to assemble. Four bands played
and hundreds of torches flashed and
blazed, and the air was sulphurous with
the powder from exploding bombs.
Several hundred shotguns, fired by
volley and "at will," added to the racket,
while Republicans from Redlands, Colton,
Highlands, Rialto and other localities
made the welkin ring with shouts_ and j
cheers for Republicanism and the ticket
nominated at St. Louis.
The silver men vied with their gold j
brethren in yelling for the cause and the j
ticket. The pavilion in the park was filled !
with voters and excellent speeches were
tnada by local speakers, and enthusiasm
was aroused to the highest pitch. The J
imperial county of Sari Bernardino will !
give a good accountof herself in November, j
SACRAMENTO CELEBRATES.
First Gun of tho Campaign Fired in the
Capital City.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 20.— The
Republicans of this city participated in a j
grand outdoor ratification meeting to- j
night, under the auspices of the McKinley :
League and the Assembly district clubs.
After a Presidential salute of twenty-one
guns the meeting was called to order by j
George Clark, chairman of the County
Central Committee, who introduced Sen- j
ator Finn Dray aa chairman of the even- ;
ing.
Addresses indorsing McKinley and Ho
bart and the p!nt r orm of the party ss .
formulated at the St. Louis convention j
were delivered. The speakers were Gen
eral A. Ij. Hart, E.wood Brunerand Robert
Devlin.
This is the first gun of the campaign to
be fired In this section, and active steps
are being taken in the formation of clubs
and other preparation incidental to a sue- j
cesaful canvass of the county.
CHEERED IT TULARE
Mrs. Dv Boise of Oakland Beads the St.
Louis Platform,
TTJLARE, Cal., Juno 20.— The Republi
cans of Tulare ratified to-night in magnifi
cent style the choosing of MoKinley and
Hobart. The meeting was calle ito order
by Captain T. H. Thompson, who intro
duced John Twotiey us chairman.
Mrs. Irene Dußoise of Oakland read the
platform in a strone, nia^nincent voice,
the large audience frequently breaking
into hearty and prolonged applau?e. The
speeches of the evening were delivered by
Hon. Wheaton A. Gray and Charles d.
Lamberson of Visalia. Mrs. C. W. Toger
and Mrs. E. B. Oakford sang an original
campaign song, which elicited rounds of
applause. The Tulare Silver band con
tributed much to the success of the ratifi
cation.
Fresno Approves. "■
FRESNO, Cal., June 20.— The Republi
cans of Fresno County held a rousing
meeting in this city to-night in ratifica
tion of the nominations of McKinley and
Hobart. A platform for the speakers had
been erected in front of the Grand Central
Hotel, and a very large and enthusiastic
assemblage was "addressed by Dr. Chester
Jlowell, M. V. Ashbrook and Senator A. J.
Pedlar. Arthur R. Briggs presided. The
mention of the names of the standard
bearers of the party was received with
cheers and applause. A Presidential sa
lute of twenty-one guns was fired in tne
courthouse park before the meeting.
Tuba County's Indorsement.
MA.RYSVILLE, Cal., June 20.— An en
thusiastic ratification meeting of Republi
cans of Yuba County was held this even
ing. Judge E. A. Davis, Colonel Forbes
and W. 41. Cutter were the speakers. A
resolution was adopted as follows:
Resolved, That we, tho Republicans of Marys
vllle and vicinity in mass-meeting assembled,
do congratulate the people of the Nation on
the victory won in the convention recently as
sembled in St. Louis; further, that we heartily
indorse the nominations mada, and pledge our
undivided support in the coming campaign
and election to McKinley and Hobart.
Visalia's Ratification.
VISALIA, Cal., June 20. — McKinley
ratification meetings were held at all the
principal cities and towns of Tulare
County to-niebt. Armory Hall here was
crowded. Addresses were made by Hon.
J. W. Davis, A. J. Pillsbury and William
Ratliff. The best of feeling prevailed.
Indorsed by San Jose Veteran*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 20,— The First
Regiment, Union Battlefield Veterans, at
their meeting last night passed resolu
tions indorsing the nomination of McKin
ley and Hobart and the platform adopted
by the National Republican Convention.
KILLED AT SANTA CLARA.
San Francisco Runaway Youth Ground to
Pieces by a Freight Train — Was
Sleeping on the Track.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 20.— An un
known man was run oVer and killed by a
freight train at Santa Clara about 11:30
o'clock last night. The remains were
ground to pieces and scattered along the
track for a distance of fifty yard3# He
had been around Santa Clara for several
days drunk, and it is supposed he laid
down on the track while drunk and went
to sleep. At the inquest this morning it
was developed that the deceased was
about 19 years of age. His parents live in
San Francisco, but about eight months
ago he rau away from home. His name is
unknown.
Contractor lay Brings Suit.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 20 Charles W.
Fay, a street contractor, haa commenced
suit against Caroline Barnes and others to
have $265 30 due for street work on North
Third street, between Santa Clara and San
Fernando, declared a lien on abutting
property. A decree of sale is also asked
for.
A MOB FOILED
AT ROSEBURG.
The Slayer of Charles Rice
Narrowly Escapes
Lynching.
TROOPS ORDERED OUT.
By a Clever Ruse the Sheriff
Lands His Prisoner at
Eugene.
DIXON'S BROTHER SAVED HIM.
The Affair a Result of Last Sunday's
Baseba 1 Tragedy Near
Blakesleys.
ROSEBURG. Or., June 20.— Upon the
request of the Mayor, Governor Lord or
dered out the militia here last night to
protect Prisoner James Dixon, who shot
and killed Charles Rice on the 14th, from
mob violence. The order had the desired
effect. The mob hearing that the jail was
well guarded did not come. Sheriff Cath
cart took the prisoner to Eugene for safe
keeping on the north-bound overland.
Having walked a short distance Cathcart
signaled the train, and. getting on board
with his prisoner, was soon beyond the
reach of the would-be Jynchers.
The first intimation that an attempt
would be made to lynch Dixon was last
night when John Dixon, a brother of the
murderer, rode into Koseburg and in
formed the Sheriff that a large mob was
forming at Blakesleys, the tcene of the
crime, with the intention of proceeding to
Roseburg and demanding the prisoner.
The Sheriff and his deputies at once
made preparations for defending their
charge, but at last fearing that the mob
would be too strong for them to cope with
a consultation was held with the Mayor of
the city, which resulted in a request being
made upon Governor Lord for aid.
The crime for which Dixon is awaiting
trial was the murder of Charles Rice at a
ball came near Blakesleys last Sunday.
The two young men were old enemies and
their quarrel was reopened over a decision
concerning the game when, after a few hot
words between them, Dixon drew a re
volrer and fired twice at Rice, both shots
taking effect and resulting in the instant
death of the young man.
ACCIDENT OR MURDER?
Two Miners' Bodies Brought Into
Bakersfield From Gorman
Station.
Said to Have Been Killed by a Cave,
but Circumstances Warrant
Investigation.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 20.— Three
men arrived here this morning with a
team from Gorman station, in the moun
tains, some seventy miles southwest of
here, bringing the bodies of David Men
zies and Wiiliam or Charles Lomax.
They said that both men were working in
a mining tunnel 200 feet long when it
caved and both were killed.
The accident was discovered by their not
] coming to supper, aud investigation dis
closed their bodies in the tnnnel, buried
beneath a quantity of rock.
It was given out that an inquest bad
been held, and the men wanted the bodies
! buried immediately and without ex
, amination. They had no death certificate,
however, and the undertaker refused to
: inter them.
The Coroner was notified, and on inves
tigation it was found that the accident oc
: ourred a short distance over the line in
i Ventura County. Tne Coroner of that
I county had been notified and had tele
graphed that he would attend to the case,
i but without waiting for him the bodies
were brought here.
On further investigation it was ascer
tained that Menzies had been to the Dis
trict Attorney here three times lately and
said his live had been threatened because
of quarrels about the mine and water, and
; that no one need be surprised if he was
; killed at any time.
Menzies is an oldtimer here and has
I many friends.
: Wk^ssS TJT nothing down
your throat that will disfigure or blemish
your face. Don't use iodide of potassium
in Sarsaparilla or without Sarsaparilla.
When you want a good blood purifier and
something that will bring no pimples on 1
your face, you must use
TESTI3IONIAI..
The Ed W. Joy Company— Gentlemen :
It was my good fortune to get a bottle of
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla just when I
needed it most. I was in a bad condition
and could not get welL I used a bottle of
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla and I feel just
as strong as I ever did. It is a great rem-
edy for the sick. I hope all my friends
will use it when they need a good liver
regulator. '
(Signed) :, WM. MYCROFT, .
454 Minna at., San Francisco.
PUNY MAN
Is he who, by burning both ends of the
candle, by dissipation, by nights of sleep-
lessness, by days of hard mental or phys-
ical work, has made himself nerveless,
melancholy, weak, vibrating. Why should
this be so? Why should one of Nature's
best handiwork be a poor, feeble,
PUNY MAN
Whose look is gaunt, whose step is feeble,
who is ever and anon compelled to hold
himself to pillar, to post, who is ever
dizzy, who has nicking specks and glim-
mering dots sparking and bewildering his
eyes w ho sees nature, man, life and all
through the smoky glass, despair? Do
you want to be always a
PUNY MAN
A prematurely decayed man? If you
don't you should at once study over and
consult about that which makes sound
men. It is the great remedio-treatment—
the wonderful specific that has been the
highest, the greatest boon to humanity
It is the great Hudyan. This great remedy
can be had only from the old Hudsonian
doctors. No one else has Hudyan ; no one
else can give you Hudyan. Hudyan cures
nervous exhaustion, nervous debility,
spermatorrhoea, drains, declines and dis-
abilities of men.
Hudyan is your true speoific. If you
wish to learn more about the great Hud-
yan you should call or write for
TESTIMONIALS.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
$75 and $100.
You can always count on a
Pierce. Mechanically perfect
means everything to a rider.
In the Pierce every detail has
j been studied. Riders say the
Pierce seems lucky, repairs are
so seldom necessary. Hand-
some, too. But you can't know
all its merits until you see it or
send for catalogue.
HOLBROOK, j MERRILL & STETSOJ,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Market & Beale Sts., 283 J Street,
SA^f FRANCISCO. SACRAMENTO.
DR.MCNULTY.
fTIHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE SPE-
-1 claUst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
ciallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OfMEN'ONLY. He stops
Discharges; cure* secret Blood an skin Diseases,
Sores and Swellings; Nervous Debility. Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
He corrects the Secret Errors of Yonth and their
terrible effects. Loss of Vitality, I'alpltstion of the
Heart, Loss of Memory, Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
11* restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drugs.
Dr. McNulty's methods are regular and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. Ills Now Pamphlet on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. Patients cured st Home. Terms
rer.sonablo.
Hours-9 to 3 dclly; 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sun-
flays. 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and sa-
credly confidential. Call on or address
P. KOSCUK McNULTX, M. D.,
86' a Ke»ruy St., San * ran Cisco, Cal.
89~ Beware of strangers who try to talk to you
about your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctor*,
UPOTAIJIL /->.
Chinese Tea and Herb L*= J
Sanitarium, f&^Mi
No. 727 Washington St., V* 1
San Francisco, Oal. V*^ ' 9
.v ' Bl * n n»m Rao* abort \2g^ JT
Office Hours: 9to IS, — *^ \m^ iJZbL^*\
1 to 4 anil 5 to 7. Sun- *^£*r
«'aj > 9 A. M. to 18 M.
UPo Tai Jr., son of the famous L! P j
Tal, has taken his father's business,
and is, after eleven years' study la
China, full* prepared to locate and
treat all diseases.
fENNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
_ rWU\ eA^ l «J Ino1 noI «"'< 1 1 «">Jr Genuine. A
4« SiX* boXn ;"* ! ' < l»Uh blue ribbon. TakoYy
[L {m i tationt - A« Drnj giit.. or >«nd 4»
IX A .J? ll "j!? 1 5», ftr J>"«ei»Ur«. ttttlaenUl. ul
Aw, a t al! - IJMOO Ta.timoni.l.. .Vat^o I'avtr.GOSSIP FROM THE
KAISER'S REALM.
The Civil Code Bill Still
Under Debate in the
Reichstag.
RADICAL OBSTRUCTION.
Li Hung Chang Being Feted and
Fawned Upon at
Berlin.
EMPEROR SHOWERING HONORS.
Germm Officers to Reorganize the
Chinese Army— Many Persons
Prostrated by Sunstroke.
BERLIN, Germany, June 20.— The de
bate on the second reading of the Gov
ernment bill reforming the civil code was
begun in the Reichstag yesterday. The
previous sittings of the chamber since the
reassembling of the Reichstag after the
Whitsuntide recess have generally failtdto
present a quorum, but when the question
of the second reading of the civil cod° was
taken up a fairly good house assembled.
The Government is convinced that a ma
jority of the opposition has hoped to retaru
the passage of the measure by prolonging
the discussion of the bill and seizing every
opportunity to "count out" the house
whenever they become weary of discussion
or the house does not contain a quorum :
but the Government supporters a»-e alive
to these tactics and have managed to foil
the opposition in their resort to them.
Dr. yon Boetticuer, vice-president of the
Council of Ministers, stated in reply to a
question asked by Dr. Rinteln, Centerist, at
yesterday's sitting, that the Federal Gov
ernment hoped that the civil code bill
would be passed at the present s-ession,
after which Prince Hohenlohe, the Im
perial Chancellor, would announce the
adjournment of the Reichstag.
Herr Richter, Radical, moved to elimi
nate from the order of the day »he whole
of the civil code bill, saying that accord
ing to the belief of his section, as well as
tne opposition of the Freisinings, the
measure was bad and beyond the possi
bility of being mended. Herr Richter
added that he well knew that the Hon*e
would refuse his motion, but as a matter
of principle he would offer a similar mo
tion at each subsequent sitting.
The Centerist, Conservative and National-
Liberal speakers protested against such
obstruction on the part of Herr Richter.
Dr. yon Boetticher expressed the hope
that this great National legislative work
(the passage of the civil code bill) would
be finished within the year marking the
twentj-tiftb anniversary of the founding
of the empire.
Herr Richter's motion was rejected,
only forty-six members supporting it,
while sixty voted against it. The Frei
sinnig-Socialist opposition to the bill is
composed of Socialists, Freisinnigs and a
number of Anti-Semites.
The Berlin newspapers are filled with
reference to the presence in Berlin of Li
Hune Chang, the Chinese Viceroy, and
Field Marshal Yamagata, commander-in
chief of the Japanese army, who came
here from Moscow, where they represented
their respective Governments at the coro
nation of Czar Nicholas 11. Li Hunp;
Chang had a conference lasting two hours
with Baron Marschall yon Bieberstein,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, yesterday
which cave rise to rumors of the conclu
sion of a definite Chino-Gerrnan agree
ment whereby China cede? a coaling sta
tion and grants land concessions to Ger
many to increase the Cainese customs.
The Post assumes to confirm these ru
mors, but the report is nevertheless dis
credited in diplomatic quarters wherein
the extent of Li Hunt's powers to treat
with foreign Governments is best known.
The Emperor has >howered honors upun
Li Hung Chang, believine that the Viceroy
is still In possession of great influence
with the Pekin Government, and is able to
forward German industrial enterprises in
.< ijina. What is known as an absolutecer
tainty in regard to Li Hung Chang, how
ever, is that he is ready to accept money
CO help the Pekin Government from any
one who is ready to lend.
The Viceroy remarked to an American
pentleman whose acquaintance he formed
in Moscow and whom he again met in
Berlin, that he would be glad to place
orders for the construction of warships
and t:;e furnishing of munitions of war in
the United States, if he could negotiate a
loan with American bankers.
Li Hung Chang has s en several of the
leading Berlin financiers and talked over
the prospects of another Chinese loan, but
no conclusion was reached, nor has the
Viceroy given any definite orders to Ger
man firms. Li will visit Kiel as the guest
of the Kaiser and will inspect the Em
peror's new racing yacht Meteor. From
Kiel he will j-'O to Hamburg and visit the
fortress.
A Chine-e fete was given in honor of Li
Hnne Chang at the Berlin exhibition, and
a -on of the Viceroy has received from the
Jimperor the crown order of the first
class.
While Li Hung Chang was being feted
and fawned upon Marquis Yamagata kept
in the background all the time he was in
Kerlin. He went out very little, and
-.: times consulted Professor Renvens,
the eminent specialist, in regard to an te
al complaint which has been increas
ing in severity since his campaign in
China. Marshal Yamagata declared that
he had no official mission anywhere, and
only wanted to be quiet. After his recep
tion by the Kaiser en Thursday Marquis
Yamagsta started for Brussels.
Li Hung Chung lias obtained the sanc
tion of the Emperor to his employment of
Colonel Liebert and a hundred other Ger
man officers to reorganize the Chinese
army.
Prince Birmarck's chef de cuisine, Herr
Loichau, was arrested on Wednesday in
the kitchen of the ex-Chancellor's resi
dence at Freidrichsruhe, on a charge of
embezzlement. He was taken to Altona
and put in jail. A search of his lodgings
ted in the finding of a largo number
ol stolen articles.
. The heat within the last few days has
been intense and many persons have been
prostrated by sunstroke and taken to the
hopital.
Tinted States Embassador Dhl gave a
dinner to General A. McD. McCook and
Mr. and Mrs Daiuropch last evening.
HAW ill AX /•' I A AX C
President Dole Signs the Hill Taxing ln-
SMIMf Abort- $'iOOO.
HONOLULU. Hawaii, June 12.—Presi
dent Dole to-day signed the income tax
bill— all incomes above $2000 taxed 1 per
cent. The refunding bill and special
$2,000,000 loan bill for improvements have
passed both bouses. For public improve
ments from the loan $350,000 are appropri
ated. The special loan is at 5 per cent,
bonds to be sold in Honolulu as funds are
needed. The new loan for- refunding th<;
public debt is to be negotiated in London
at 4 per cent. The legislative session closes
on the 15th.
ST. PAUL TRAGEDY.
.4 Drunken Father Fatally Wound* Bit
Son and Kills Himself.
ST. PAUL. Minn.. June 20.— A shock
ing tragedy took place in this city at an
early hour this morning. William Scheff
ner shot and fatally wounded his son
Paul and then Kiiled himself.
Scheffner had been on a protracted spree,
and when he reached his home this morn- i
iue was in an ugly humor. He at once
began quarreling with his wife, who tried j
in vain to pacify him.
Suddenly drawing a revolver he fired at
the frightened woman, but she saw his in
tention in time and fled. The bullet :
missed its intende 1 mark. She ran from 1
the hohse screaming lor help.
Then Scheffner, now i 1 a frenzied con
dition, lired at his son Paul. The first bul
let struck him, and Paul fell to the floor j
in a dying condition.
For the first time the infuriated man
evidently realized what he was doing. 1
Pointing the weapon at his own head he
sent a ball crashing into his brain, and 1
fell dead beside his fatally injured son.
COLORADO MIX ERA' STRIKE.
Oxer Fifteen Hundred Men Refuse to
Work.
LEADVILLE, Colo.. June 20.— As a re
sult of the determination of the Miners' i
Union to advance wages from $2 50 to $3 |
per day, over 1500 men are idle, some on
strike and others because the operators
have closed down pending the difficulty. '
The strine began about midnight, quietly
and without public notice.
The miners affected are the Bon Air,
Weldon, Bonn, Alps, Penrose, Coronauo, :
Maid of Erin, Henrietta, Wolltoue, |
Marian, Small Hopes and El Paso men.
The trammers at the Little Johnny are j
also asking for the tame advance and i
though th* underground men there are !
receiving $3, the strike of the trammers i
compels them to come out, closing that ]
trreat property. The Turbot closed down 1
to-night, by order of the manager, though j
there the miners get the advanced price.
Nothing is publicly said about the j
issue of recognizing the union and com- 1
relling the discharge of non-union men, !
but the operators in holding out against the !
demanded advance, claim that they can- j
not afford to recognize the Miners' Union, j
A conference will be held immediately
and strong efforts will be maue to effect a
compromise. The camp is quiet and |
orderly. The pump men, engineers and '
riremen are still at work, but should they !
conclude to go out, the mine-owners will 1
suffer an untold financial loss by the flood- I
ing of the properties. Should the opera- j
tors decide to resist, they will have to draw j
the pumps and let the mines fill with
water.
HAMILTON THE VICTOR.
lie Beat Backenberger , the Vrnver Won
der, Twice in One Ttay.
DENVER, Colo., June 20. — W. W.
Hamilton was the victor in the two great
races of to-day. Hackeuberger failed to
make good the assertions of his friemls
tnat he could eclipse Hamilton in any
kind of a race. His friends declare that
he was too confident owing to his easy
victory over Hamilton in the twenty- tive
mile race of yesterday, and they maintain
that he will yet prove his powers on short
disiance races.
Hamilton won the unpaced mile stand
ing start in 2:09 3-5, establishing a new
world's record, Hackenberger losing by
five feet. The other race was a two-mile
standing start paced by a quad. Hamilton
bel<i on to the quad until the stretch of
the last lap was reached, when he male a
magnificent spurt, finishing ahead of the
quad in 3:59 4-5, also a new world's record.
Hackenberger let Hamilton pace him, but
failed to get up a spurt in time to catch
the other man.
An immense crowd witnessed the con
testa to-day, and the betting was very
heavy.
THE WANNES STATUE
Hill Be Vnreitrd in rrotpect rark,
lirooklyn, on the Fourth.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 20.-The
statue erected to the memory of Major-
General Gouverneur K. Warren, com
mander of the Fifth Corps of the
Army of the Potomac, will be unveiled in
Prospect Park, Brooklyn, July 1. The
ceremonies will be imposing. There will
be a lull rppresc-ntation of the Grand
Army, the War Veterans and the War
Veterans' Sons associations. Major-Gene
ral Miles will be present, and invitations
have been sent by the committee to the
Governor of every State and to all active
and retired officers of the army.
The statue is almost a copy of that on
the Little Round Top, the spur at Gettys
burg where Warren issued ordcri that
saved the North from invasion. The
statue stands about fifty feet to the right
of the Soldiers and Saiior«' memorial arch.
The h'cure is eight fee' high and the gran
ite pedestal twelve feet high.
ATTACKED BY A CONVICT
Pitiable Plight of a Xebratka Rancher*
Wife.
LINCOLN. Nebr., June 20.— Definite re- I
ports reached here this evening of a shoot- I
ing affray near the town of Valparaiso,
which- will result fatally. On a farm not
far from town live Mr. and Mrs. S. M. J
Hinkle, an estimable couple. Tburbday !
afternoon while Mrs. Hinkle was alone j
Frank Tobin, a paroled convict, who a |
few years ago worked in tbe neiehbor
hood, came to the honse and attacked her.
She resisted and tried to leave the house,
when Tobin shot her in the back. He
then fled, and though posses have been \
scourinz the country no trace of him can ;
be found.
To-day application was made to the
Lincoln police for bloodhounds to assist
the search. Mrs. Hinkle was soon to
have become a mother. Physicians say
she cannot possibly recover.
T URXERS AT LO UIS VIZ. L ts.
Over Two Thousand Herman- American
Visitor* in the City.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 20.— The local j
Turners are being kept busy this after- 1
noon welcoming the delegates to the big j
Bundes convention. Th* event has at
:racted to this city over 2(XK) German citi
zens of America, representing the mental '
department of the great American Turner- |
bund. The objer t of the meeting is to ;
make all arrangements for the big fest '
which is to take place in St. Louis next j
year, and which it is expected will be at
tended by 10,000 German-Americans from j
all parts of the country.
/inn/,- Robber Wounded and. Captured.
OTTUMWA, lowa, June 20.— This morn- j
ing the watchman at Fairfield surprised
two men endeavoring to gain entrance to
the vault of the bank. They opened fire
on him with revolvers and he returned the
fire, seriously wounding one. The other ;
escaped to the woods, where he is now j
surrounded. He says he will not be taken ;
alive. Evidence found on the perHon of |
the wounded man proves him to be a
DO(«d fugitive and criminal. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
THE EMPORIUM. ' I THE EMPORIUM. ,^_l THS ' EMPORIUM. *^ THEJEMPORIUM. ! THE EMPORIUM.
I Some Truthful SA&C FRANCISCO, JUNE 21, 1896. Tea Sets, $6.50. £
I Clothing Advertisifiq. Information 'Bureau in the Main tAhle—A great convenience to I We are Sole Agents for the genuine JOUVIN & CIE French /^\ S3
I v tw. v a -a visitor's to THE EMPORIUM. Packages checked there FREE of Kid Glove. .. A^-^K Xx
a YOU nave been deceived SO c j iarge . Postage Stamps on sale, and information about the building, ARTISTS' MATERIALS to take -with you on your vacation <T\ (T<3^^§^Trl /^N M
U often by alluring Clothing ads. the city, railroads, etc., cheerfully given. ' trip— the Standard Colors, Brushes, etc. Complete Sketching \ \ V VTM M i^TTiVAI/ r Y~\\ g)
>3 that YOU may perhaps beskep- A visit to the TURKISH DEPARTMENT will prove most en- Outfits at prices to suit all purchasers. \\ \ / y( ,■*>} tS
i tirfli'ihrnit nnVc ' joy able. Curious wares from Oriental countries, presided over by If s a treat when Shopping— dainty little Lunches in the 11 1 / A^(L^f^ \\ \r la
h W«-ai jtuuui uur&. natives in Oriental costumes. \ Cafe under the Great Dome. /• IW i^mST \k $3
J| The fairest way for both of J |\ V \j|l"f "^ \ /,'j *X
I ..wcowititMf M ccoo«.M.two.oco.eooeef.MiH M W^ Yf I
» V- ' -~*/ ozen °f these neat $ jiliii \\ | j jJiVmjmfjL Ml ' ' !|J II I t ''ML jV \ Ij | I j] ! J p <-h R I Th' CW Te I?
r 1/ \i Sod^t^oSowm D|ijlJ I J LS Lffflffl MfJIIJ ' fl flfnl 1' ( 'Jl fii © oth^rs P S df%u°^s?erTo S oT^n f
i <s>\ 6 and trimmed with ex- ~ ' ' ' ' M[fjffil^ J ['llfiitf^ * tiu * ]n^t ill \llL> % SCt ' " tl
fl client Mohair braid. Jj | [wHi\|ll» W*** <LJSS % Crockery Dept, second floor, Is
1 They are for boys 6to © 4IHT^ . 0 south of main elevator. \
a 15 years ot_age. OOO© O ©O c ••••••• © C © O O O « O O O © ©••••••••••••••• §
I Stylish All-Wool 4 ~~ c /£
A Men's Trousers. Not one of those sales you have known heretofore, but a new kind to De inaugu- Mantel Clocks, $2.60. g
| $2.25. rated to-morrow at the WORLD'S GRANDEST STORE; not a make-believe marking X2k /> I
X This little picture down, not a reduction in prices of shop-worn back-numbers, not a selling of cheap goods w^l^^^^v^)-®) §
IP <---^yrr i simply shows how they . ' . , i . ,  , , , , , , , . °  . , V^e^y-O^^Ci^r^/T// ft
8S ntjl are cut; only a per- \at cheap prices, but a selling of the newest, best and dressiest fabrics that have been Y^^^^S/^j([ B
I I? "?"« V o " Correct idea shown in San Francisco this year. High-grade novelties, every one of them, at less than toff^jiK^S^ 'Jmw I
I / ror their real beautvand |if costs to make them * I ; f¥^Sii i
I / \ • worthiness. They are j X costs to maKe mem. \ ■ ] 5
ffi[ in sers. Fancy' checks Can you afford a $48 Dress Pattern for $12? Canyou afford a $28 Dress Pattern for $9? '') \ WSa>S§f)J| '1 'ft
{ / sers. Fancy checks Can you afford a $48 Dress Pattern for $12? Can you afford a $28 Dress Pattern for $9? 'I 1 m^fw^ R
xl 1 1 and gray or brown  jxj*r\n****i I < t\^fe3ttsizP?''}/, ' W
U \ \ striped effects, good Can you afford a $24 Dress Pattern for $9? i kS|i __?__! // ?( (1 li \B
|l i * \ Cheviot and Cassi- " j^+ffllml 1 - , "'"'i'\wl\ Jfe+fL Jj
% / 1/ mere. Cheap they were I The sale begins at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning and continues until every Diece is Wtfwkwvi wl )SMv 2
' *£*•* ■E? at $3.50, but at the new  „  ...  . . J . ,-;; ,° . ....  jH=^X v I E-iC-ffl £ - yxg=±\Y «
a price, $2.25, the best : sold. Ordinarily there is enough to last several days, but it is safer to come at once if you &>■ , ZZT^ , . iiL^'^R *■ R
I rea n s?n! alueoffered would share in this greatest of dress-goods opportunities. . \
I Boys' "Long Pants" Yrirrta FIHAQt FlrA^^ fvfinHQ SILK SALE. Big demand for these clocks.which §
fl SuitS at $4.95. *J\J^J * ■Ol U3 I lIIC^I Lfl C 33 VUUU^ we advertised last week. Our buy- fl
% ;■ , . *ii, it 1 ■ ers succeeded in obtaining several |3
8 About 150 of our $7.50 All-Wool .. , . . f , , •_„_.•/•,_ - f cfr . r v n f nnvo u: oc In connection with the Great Dress hundred more atthe same ridiculously g
I] Tweed Suits, single or double All mat IS 1611 TfOm tne magnificent StOCK OT novelties Goods Sale beginning to-morrow we will low prices, so we shall continue to ffl
I breasted, in black or Pants" w j m which We Opened four Weeks a2O, Consisting of Silk- make a general reduction of all lines of sell you this $6.50 Clock for $2.60. $
SuitS at $4.95. \J^J * ■«■ U3 I ISIC^I Ul U33 UUUU3 we advertised last week. Our buy- f
....... . . ers succeeded in obtaining several X
About 159 of our $7. 50 All-Wool .. ... . , , .  mafrn ;f,, flnf c m,i, ,f nm , Q |*ino In connection with the Great Dress hundred more at the same ridiculously X
Tweed Suits, single or double I All tnat IS lett TrOm the magnificent StOCk OT novelties Goods Sale beginning to-morrow we will low prices, so we shall continue to TO
breasted, in black or gray, tan and w ith which We Opened four Week'S agO, Consisting Of Silk- ! make a general reduction of all lines of sell you this $6.50 Clock for $2.60. J
q brown mixtures, reliable m fit, ma- mixed Poplins, Silk-mixed Epingelines, Chameleon Poplins, ! Seasonable Silk now remaining in stock. > Oak, Cherry or Black Walnut, 16 I
UP tenal and make ; all sizes. mixea ropiiub, OllK-miXea cpingeiineS, Unameieon rOpiinS, Here are a few price hints from the Col- inches high, 15 inches wide, 5 styles, M
8 Mpn'«~A[l Wnnl Silk Figured Mohairs, Silk and Wool Plaids, Canvas Weaves, oredSilk Department: . \ 5 1-2 inch dials, white or gold, black (f
I SflrkSiiit* SI2 « i Melanges, two-toned effects, solid colors ; Silk-mixed Eta- At 35c a yard-pur regular 50c quality i b e x me 8 r S' o S O p U endu!;"m I
Til oaCK SUIIS, ct>lx.l3. . n trj, »^a r>^^^^ : c *.  • j v of Colored Satins in all staple shades, full 1 sxnKe » American poiisnea penauium w
X All that remains of our $15 and ! mineS ' Figured CrepOnS— in fact, everything new and beau- , 9 inches wide -cannot be duplicated un- 1 movement. §
V $16.50 Sack Suits, in fine Cheviot, tiful for this Season S Wear. They Vary in lengths from CtO Jf r s°c elsewhere-cannot : be bought in Clock ' Debt, second floor, SOUth g
I 2&t'2g2*l& 11 ■ X ards ' ever y p' ece differin in shade from its fellow, The \*- S%JS^£' wh °' esale f ° r less <*■*"* slair^- I
II breasted, round or 'square corners, J retail price tO-day of the cheapest is $1.2 C per yard, ranging At 48c a All-silk Gros-Grain and 1
I their'actuaTco o^' °" Sa C at ab ° Ut I U Ward fr ° m $U V *? ?'-75- # 2 ' $ 2 'V' $3 to $6 a yard. These Ses^'indSin^ "white Scream- $2 Lam P Shades ' 89c< I
W i- - — -— — . . i prices Can be verified by an inspection of the goods. i small conventional designs— pretty little 15
% CarpetS Look the city over and . _  . ; floral patterns, scrolls, etc. This is the A?ps&W?77&7ryr*£h< X
I Linoleum No°XLfe cise ta T"re Monday mornmq we will place the entire purchase on ; usual 75 c a yard. i^K^ViX |
» select stock of Floor 1 " Coverings, no- i sale without reservation at the average price of At 5.8 c a yard-22-inch Colored Satin in J^-i I
I where else so large an assortment of 30 desirable shades of colonng-real worth j^^OT|i^^--t^* : « *
If fine Carpets to choose from than on 7R^ '-» V'-»*»^l 85C ; ■ i\\\Vv^/ •' ~ir ii
Q this grand second floor of ours. Last /3C Cl ICI ill • At 59c a yard— Si quality of Nov- i & &{m\\\WC '"^^/"^-J' l ! 4
vl week was a busy one for our cutters elty Dresden Figured Silk — pink, £ Ky*-(! "-wrtCvV^ <1 .nr *t
M and carpet- layers, but, as large as We Guarantee Styles to he the Very Latest. Prices Like These: cream, maze, heliotrope, blue, Nile, white, ; \^^y/ /}",{{ \\\\\ . ''"^^' %)
I SLttffl^JS? if Svards ,. rS ,2.00 - S2B Suit, Shards, for $ 9.00 ! IffiSiiS/ I
I and patterns. . 32 Suit, 8 yards, for 9.7 24 Suit, 8 yards, for 9.00 in all the staple street and evening wBKm^MbMW 1^ %
5 IVe guarantee you the lowest Carpet 30 Suit, 8 yards, for 9.00 21 Suit, 8 yards, for 8.50 shades— cannot be obtained for less than 'WIjWNffW VW %
I *7os^&2%!Zath.Carp* 30 Suit, 8 yards, for 8.00 15 Suit, 8 yards, for 8.75 * r a yard elsewhere. . , Qh  f m I
1 fc^SsMtfS«l $.0 Suit, 8 yards, for $6. — of^^^^^^JS I
M Carpet delivered and laid trice in . m/ri \/CT cnrrill C r>; i ra i ki w\
1 l a^rAl?ri djandßn i fh l- v"i To each purchaser of a Suit Pattern we will present a copy of the hand- VtLVLI bFLLIAL*. orange %vhke and blue, 1
I E rad?ofSlpit X Carp^VS^ somest Fjshion Book «** f^«** "Coming Styles/ This beautiful pub- — lemon!' ?ist?cS Horn, I
I Same"Blge£w»ls woven in' the hcahon contains two designs, in colors and black, from each of the leading Pro bably the most complete assortment Mg£Bb^%^.!fc (I
fl back of the Carpet at every repeat costumers of the fifteen great cities of Europe, including designs by such fa- of Velvets ever shown in this city, and ! fl|lkfe p f i« £ wL J. - X
|1 of the pattern; large variety of styles ; mous firms as " Felix," "Jules Bister" and" A. hambard," "George Henry surely the qualities have never been dv- W&MWrlrdn] in hnvin? ico nf 11
I) in the most artistic designs and color- jj. c &Co >> 11 *' J \. . > 6 s plicated at these prices : SS fJ ssb?u b ?h y a?ric s e°a i 1
<* iorrc o-nnrlc t^^^^ <-«cf from \^v., t-»t-. . r. . f . £.::T.-^M tnem at SUCH 3. pHCe aS if)
I ii7ltotewrvarf-he?Tm3e laM i. • r • *.. l At8 s cayard-io-inch Silk-faced Vel- 'JM? to enable us to sell 3
I andiinedfMSav^rd ' wl^j^l Men's Furnishings. vet-sold elsewhere for 51.25. them to " you this week ■ I
fl HARTFORD Axminsters, second . LJSSftS^ilt^fti' ' J At $1 a yard— W orth 5r. 35. r^.' v ■ v^Vl at Bgc each. R
Ito none but true Bigelows; new and iSSMSS E&-£ For Monday and this week we quote: At> ; .2, a vard-Wo^h & . .fh iSf / QwfNight i
l) evrlnsivp mtterns bo-ders to match- 2Sws^v7r^F7T^ . . ,  . At $1.35 a yard— Better than any other UVVI INignt \SJ
S andtheDrkeisonlvwhat vou^have W SE^^ffe Men S U^lerwear. ever sold here for $1:75. fPPI I amn 12r g)
| b«n toed^lSwhW^p A^ iwS^W®^ Men's Sanitary AU-wooi Shirts and "^ LnmpT^ikf cut' , I
I SI? Brussels; what *|j||'- SS^^l^^ IS^siKSS^ co.rs to choose I
I W^ige^gte pS'^Sh^-e. 0 - Mb.*, UwC^sh Sgftjgc sSe'at 3^ |
l^i^l^^o « I® l Silk and Wooiundenvear. »^S?«H« W seconder, I
I a LANDFORD'S Double Extra |B»l Men's All-Silk and Wool Shirts and any simi.ar- P riced goods in the city. If SOUth of grnd^ay. A
\ Tapestries, guaranteed ten-wire to \M^W^^ ± X - Drawers, summer weight, an exclusive we cannot save you money, do not buy. H
1 the inch, and the only Tapestries in lWßnS»\ll "'/" V garment, made by America's skilled At $3 a Pair— Men s French Calf Welted ! q.| :« C,,;* ami final ft
0 the market that will not sprout; Ax- l#' JK M 1 f * workmen, 53.25 the garment and 25c rise Lace Shoes; three new styles of toe; best opetldi ill oust aiiu \,iuai\ m
W minster effects can be seen to perfec- ff^S y the suit in size. of linings; Kangaroo Top Shoes that : Department. /f
% tion in this line, Parlor, Bedroom and would be an extra good value at $4. /_ . ||
A and Dining-room designs with or Heraldic Chintz patterns and deli- Reform Underwear. At $3 a Pair-Men's Russet Lace Shoes; Uu^red Shirt VVaists, just re- S
1 S2? f *SJS P - aSC ' 81 ? ; F«nr+e cate stripes for Bedrooms, A fine quality of Men's Underwear in latest style of toe 5 made .n a first-class ; S™£ They are the kinds that at S
X wiiTON VRVPTi' 7 C r y ard -i Effects Ingrains for Parlors! Reform Cotton Shirts and Drawers, form- j mann all sizes and widths; the regular the first of the season sold for s oc, §
§ nVivofDTernstoch^^from g vvSh ! For Halls, father and Emb os sed fitting, finished in silk, and full finish rlce ?4 ' . 75c, 5 1.25. Soft percales, wide range 7?
S o wKt^^ Borders also Hall Ind w • v x-, Papers for Dining-rooms, throughout, at $1.25 each. * At $4 a Pair-Men's hand-nrde Shoes; of patterns, fast colors, all sizes, laun- I
6S S nZmV tZ '«, l S c\ i h '■ Varnished Tiles for Kitchens and Bath- all styles of toe; all sizes and widths; dered as they should be. ri
II «ti P a f erns ' the $1.25 kind, here I rooms. • |Wprkw«»«r equal tothe kinds you have been accus- -7— _ . , X
Isl a yard. ! White Blanks 5c a roll NeCKWear. to med to pay $6 for. At $1.25, $1.48, $1.08 and $2.25— ®
X 200 pieces best Tapestries, Borders Gjlt Paper _ J „ , More Neckwear sold here in one week A.- a Pair Men'«: Hijrh-crrad*. Pa^-ir Laundered Shirt Waists with detach- §
I to some of them; cheerful patterns ingrain Paper ...tocarol! than any other store in Frisco sells in a , A hP r a S hhe 7o e 7 why ■£? if for P^tS ab!e collars ' fine Persian patterns, 2
«r and colorings; good, excellent quality; : Lincrusta Walton 20c a yard i month-simply because our bargains have tSJL 1 !? ShoswS you Lneet thread Dimities, Batistes and Linen Stripes, i
» Wo^ n^ C r P . f^« 5O C iiJt rmd n Room Molding .2 1-2 C aft ; been appreciated ; 75c and Ji.<£, qualities in c s ty es n face or Con^esf at the bhr matched yokes, perfect fitting, guar- j|
M SCOTCH LINOLEUMS-Coyer j Window Shades c0mp1ete......... !in Tecks and Four-in-rnnds, 45c ; 300 doz. i t r ?f O r «1 m?de of the ff I, rnrnHi, f anteed the finest makes. S
1 your kitchen all m one p.ece at the ".. 2 , c and upward Tecks and Four-in-hands, 50c values, we French Patent 0115 CornelluS ~ 1
I remarkably low price of 50c a yard. Aa*■ >■ n * / • are sellintr »t ?er each ' Heyiis t-rencn r*atent L-airr . ..These same grades of Waists M
Q Bring your dimensions with you, ,An "* rhst ] c De f rator . ai your service to are sellln g each^ __ J}me sam gmdes of WatsH @
H and we will give you an estimate on d ' st n 'be "tenor decorations of your home. SucnonHorc Vmp T)Pht main Annr riehtnfrniutiAn are marked 50 per cent higher in ft
% anything in the line of Floor Cover- , First-class mechanics to hang your paper, Suspenders. Shoe Uept, main floor, right Of rotunda 'window in the city ll
|l ings, or will send measurer to meet \fr^oyour ceilings, tint your walls or paint. Men's Suspenders, fine quality, French — every axnaow mwe cuy. X
w you at your home. your bouse. elastic web, five gilt buckles, 25c a pair. • Wall Tontc w
W • * ..* TTdll lcllL9* ■ * a c»'> qq Separate Skirts fine Ti
I Chinese Bazaar Specials. Curtains We sell this class of mer- . M Pn '« Winht Shirfc — - ■ ™ figured Mohair' and m
B These articles on Special Sale for i And ro £ "mrjin ofSas M n^M <shS a Tf' rr '—V- These are the actual Black and White Check lined with £
S Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday ' n""- ac w^sdl 2" °1 proflt aS M Men s ■ N« ht Shirts, made of fine Utica s^& wholesale prices. . Costs rustle lining and finished with Vel- \\
I only. Wednesday Draperies. wesell our h e I go*te. Muslin, plain or embroidered, regular 75 c $%%*%: you as much to RENT a veteen binding. Regular price . 50. |
I Soap Dishes, Abalone-shell lac- we sell so mmv of them "t' ' PrlCe '7"r,' 45C v each .^*^fe tent for a month as to BUY %
I quered ware, 2 for 5C A?^ wTo^-cSne Bnirdad Port . Men ' s ght . Shirts, made of New York ■ iSK>«i^ one. ■If you are going At $4 45— Tan Mixed > All-wool I
§ 'Fire Screen Fans, with stands, ie res H d ° days Snlv ¥ P wilUel Mils best production, 54 inches long cut -& "M-; j> camping investigate. WaU ** **'* D Jackets, with fancy %
I assorted colors, worth 30c, .oc each. f.« /; r oo^Vrtier^s ' ven^fine extrVaul III m b r d /' re g ular rice $l '* s''5 '' Our t Tente, !ompletef with Poles checked back, a regular $10 Jacket, I
S Strawberry Bowls, scalloped edge, " a t th^sp-cial' price of s4/0 a pair P P 'ZZ 95C each and Pins: the very latest cut, finished with large SJ
a 2forsC. 'At 55 "a pair-Handsome Lace Cur- «)^.i,:«Tci,:^ 8-oz. Duck. 10-oz. Duck, and small pearl buttons, three sizes B
f tains, special design, Linen effects, 3 1-2 Working Shirts. 7x9. - $6.65 $7-75 only, 32, 34, 36. |
SArt Oil Paintings, Water Col- i yards long, 54 inches wide ; former price Men's very strong and well-made Work- 9 \i xl2 '"' 9 9 5 10.55 ** ~~ ' , z)
X n 94. ore and Etchings by cele- i $7.00. ing Shirts.. '.:. ....45c each 9)iXI4 : 1a2 5 "-95 At $1.23, ? 2 , 10 ' 53.65,54-95- £
% Uep t. brated artists. New Sub- At $4.50 a pair— lrish Point Lace Cur- Men's Heavy Cotton Working or Out- I 2 xl i" 12 - 10 4«'S All-wool Capes, the i|
M jects constantly being tains, 3 1-2 yards long, 50 inches wide, ing Shirts, some very pretty patterns, I 2 KI P-— 13 45 15-75 best styles, every Cape marked twice 13
M received. Cabinet and good value at $6.00. » well made in every particular. .....6sc each Other sizes at Same reductions the price asked when we opened, and X
Jy Paris Panels, in gold, . '. worth it. Black, blue, tan and many E
i sTjgjsE<Wsrn silver, white and gold, " " :''■-' — • , . other shades. g)
I .Bml leather and natural J A Twentieth -^m ' .am«. aiKMai.-o^'- . Ladies' At $9.50 and $9.85, I
I S^^l^ Silver frame, cabinet J A Twentieth _jJ& Address all Mail Order Ladies' At $9.50 and $9.85, TaHor
W4 DV gor card size, like cut, r^K'^C^ f ontliri/ &&%iSk£s Communications "Mail Dresses. We quote only two 1
I mtii^^- . Ulfitefil j Century /i«C/' Order Department." HdirdrCSSmq styles in our great Dress Stock. Our |
f tt'i^^eiaborl?e c , 2 ocf c ' m ° re '^W^ Department Store. iffiMJ^ Parlors. SSSrSH^^I
I Dennison's-foSaS^To ! ' • MM^^^^^^^^ ! ISS ° Ur 9 5 0 ¥** D iX '? i
? S S -no^s St i O n Ck .S El OPAL GAS GLOBES. Haffifrn. .25c ot , Silk-lined J^^gSj I
S M o^^^^^^^^^ l^ WM^L^il I *C*^^ CurliS 1 .! an % c s andsi6. g . y |
accessories for making Paper Flow- Monday Only, ; Market Street, ShampooinffZ'.^oc ' 7 , ~~ n ' B
i"-^^^^-^ 9 "^™^! 5 ; !0c San Fr*nri*™ T^l Ladies ' Manicur ' °^ ;^ „/" ? De P^tment \
y bend tor sample card. ivc. <^m&?^  - Odfl rranCISCO, tai, • ing..... ...... ......25c second floor, WarM-street front. §
56
PRICE LIEF
WON THE DERBY.
Eyron McClelland's Colt
Defeated Ben Brush by
a Head.
TRACK RECORD LOWERED
A Game Stride-for-Stride Strug
gle for Nearly a Half
Mile.
BEN EDEE WAS A GOOD THIRD.
Cilifornia's Candidates Finished in
Fourth, Fifth ard S xth
Positions.
ST. LOUIS, Ma. June 20.— Prince Lief,
Byron McClelland 's chestnut colt, won
the National Derby to-day in record
breaking time from a field of the bt^t
three-year-olds on the turf.
The weather was ideal, the track never
faster and the attendant 25,000. Nine
teen bookmakers had more tLan they
could do and turned money away. The
big event, worth $-'0,000, was fourth on the
card.
In the handicap race preceding the
Derby Flying Dutchman lowered the tract
record for one ana a sixteenth miles by half
a second, showing that the track was in fine
shape, and a lot of money was wagered
that the Derby winner would have to
«hade Miss 'Wooaford's time for the dis
tance—2:3s. Her record has stood since
1 586,
The pencilers were somewhat at sea and
'neodds fluctuated rapidly. Dwyer's en
tries opened favorite, with Prince Lief a
strong second choice. Tbese positions pre
vailed generally. With the outsiders jump
ing up and down the tcaie. Loki and
Byron McClelland were the only scratches
The horses filed past the grand stand \r\
numerical order. Prince Lief, easily the
shapeliest, with '"Soup" Perkins up, re
ceived an ovation, and the enthusiastic
thousands cheered them as they galloped
to the pate.
In five minutes the field was off to a
good start, with Argentina making the
pace. Prince Lief came by the stand in
second place, with Ben Brush and Ben
Eder lapped at hia girth, Don Cariilo pock
eted behind them and Captive last.
At the three-quarters Prince Lief led.
Ben Brush was second, with Argentina a
few lengths away. At the mile Ben Brush
had moved up a little on the Prince and
Ben Eder was third.
At the mile and a quarter Prince Lief
was only a head in front of Ben Brush,
with both jockeys riding like mad. Ben
Eder was still third.
In the stretch they kept the same posi
tion, and coming down the s-traightaway
it was the gamesi kind of a right, but the
Prince held out long enough to get the
money. Ben Eder was third, Ramiro
fourth, Don Cariilo fifth, Argentina sixth
and Captive last.
The six races went to three favorites,
two second-choices and a short outsider.
Berea furlongs, Parthemax won, Ferver sec
ond, Algol third. Time, 1 :-7.
Tnree-quarttrs of a mite, Nick won, Leader
Ban second. George F. Smith third. Time,
Oue mile and a sixteenth, Flying Dutchman
won, Assignee second, Schilie'r tuird. Time,
Onemiie and a half. Prince Lief won, Ben
Brush second, Ben tder third. Time, 2:34.
Fifteen-sixteenths of a mile, Linda won,
Strathrol second, Crevasse thiid. Time, 1 :;>4.
Oae mile and twenty yards, Ace wen, Ame
lia May second, Mercury third. Time, 1 :43.
CHICAGO, 111., June "JO.— summaries: Three
quarters ot a mile, Joe Maci'.;!ii won, Santa
Lruz second, Camelia ttiira. Time, 1:17 ! ,.
Five furlongs, Paul Kauvar woo, The Galley
Slave second, Zamar II third. Time, 1 :03 \ *
Six furlongs, The Kitten won, Lottie Ehmou
second. Mamie <i third. Time, I:l6*^.
Mile and a half, Kiusive won, Sunny second
Mariel third. Time, -J:40%.
Mile and a quarter, huiuie.St. Brandon won,
Settle Up second. Hercu.es third. Time, 2:23.
Fiiteen-sixteenths of a mile, London yon,
Millie M second, Charlie McDonald third
lime, i:3B.
CINCINNATI. Ohio. June 20.— Oakley re
sults: Eieven-sixteenthsof a rnilo, Good Order
won. Rampage second, Lady Keiff third. Time,
1 :09.
Thirteen-sixteenth* ( >f a mile. Lawanda won,
Dorothy second, Old Nassau third. Time.
1:21< 2 . '
Sevrn furlongs, Moylan won, Pir Dilke sec
ond. Count Irma third". Time. 1:27.
Five furlongs, Maceo won. Rosinante second,
El Toro third. Time, 1 :U5! a .
Thirteen-sixteenthsof a mile, Robinson won,
Richfield second, Trilby third. Time, 1:21.
Mile and a half, Leonaise won, Hownrd Mann
second. Good Advice third. Tim', 2:33.
BROOKLYN, N. V.. June 20.— Results: Five
furlong*, Break o" Day won, Simonica second
Emesicy third. Time, 1 :04 ' £.
Mile and one-e;ghth, Charade won, Long
Beach second, Cnusnut third. Time, 1 :5(5.
Three-quarters of a mile, Don Doro won, The
Friar oecond, Rnodesia tnird. Time, 1;15' 2 .
Mile and one-eighth, Hamilton won, Mrrry
Prince second, Cassette third. Time, 1:55^.
Six furlongs. Bonaparte won, Sir Dixon Jr
second, Hanwell third. Time, I:ls'^.
Mile, Sherlock won. Septour second, Bomba
zette third. Time, 1:42.
TAIL-ENDERS DEFEATED
Mott of Yesterday* Ball GameM Won by
Leading Clubs.
PITTSBCRG, Pa., Ju.ne 20.— The locals made
it thqpe straight from St. Louis this afternoon,
after one of the most exciting contests ever
seen on the home grounds. "Brownie" Fore
man started in to pitch for Pittsburg, but was
knocked out of the box iv the third inning.
Hughey relieved him, and pitched excellent
ball, but Manager Mack, thinking Hawley a
better sticker, put him in in the ninth.
Singles by Donovan, Merritt, Bauer and Haw
ley and a double by Lyons gave Pittsburg 3
runs and the game in the eleventh. Score:
Pittsburgs— 7, 18, 0; St. Louis— 4, 10, 2. Bat
teries—Foreman and Sugden; Donahue and
Murphy. Umpire— Weidmand.
BROOKLYN, N. V., June 20.— The Brooklyns
could not touch Dad Clarke's curves to-day
and the New Yorks won their first game of the
last eight played. Score: Bruoklyns— 3, 3, 1;
New Yorks — H, 14, 3. Batieries — Kennedy
and Grim, Clarke and Wilson. Umpire— Hen
derson.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June 20.— A crowd of
about 6000 turned out to-day to see the Reds
win their fourth successive game from Louis
ville. The latter's pitchers were wild. Score:
Cincinr.atis— l3, 14, 4; Louisvilles — 7, 11, 8.
Batteries'— Foreman ond Vaughn, r'razer and
Miller. Umpire — Sheridan.
HALTIMOR'E, Md., June 20.— For six innings
to-day it looked as though Philadelphia would
win the closing game of the series from the
champions. Taylor was effective until the
seventh, when fie lost his v in jilt and control
the ball, and was touched up for Mx taliies.
Score: Baltimores— l2. 16, 1; Philadelphias—
3,7,3. Batteries— HoftVr and Robinson ; Tay
lor and Clements. Umpire— Hurst.
BOSTON. Mass.. June 20.— The Bostons won
Uwlay in a long and uninteresting gume.
Emslie Wai sick aud unable to offu-iato and
Sullivan of the Bostons and MoOoira of the
Washingtons umpired, score: Bostons— l 2,
15,2; Washington*— 6, 8,4. Batteries— Nichols
and Ganzeil ; Mercer anu McCauley. Umpires
— McGnlre and Suilivan.
CLEVELAND, <nno, June 20.— There was no
umpire here to-day and the two players that
were pressed into service made rather a mess
of the game. Cleveland won because Briggs
■wss very wild and sent seven men to first on
. balls. Friend was sent in but he was hit hard.
Score: Cleveland*— l 2, IS, 1; Chicapos— B, l4,
0. Batteries— Cuppy and Zimmer, Brlpgs and
Dailey. Umpires— Wilson and Donahue.
FREEMAN PROVED A SURPRISE.
Professional Jiirx/ele Racing Seen in.
Portland for th» first Time.
PORTLAND, Or., June 20.— The first
professional bicycle meet given in the
Northwest was that seen on Multnomah
field this afternoon. The attendance was
a great disappointment, less than 300 peo
ple paying admission. H. B. Freeman of
San Francisco was the sensational per
former of the day. He is a former Port
lander and proved a surprise.
There were no handicap races, and the 1
interest in some of the events fell flat be- |
cause promised wHI-known riders did not j
show up. The final in the amateur mile
was a dead heat between Mitchell and
Morgan. On being decided by a toss-up
Mitchell got the race.
The half-mile amateur was declared off
on account of a series of accidents, two
tires blowing up. Four men w> re thrown
and badly injured. Doc Wright of Mc-
Minnville" was carried from the track un
conscious from the fall, retiring him for
the day. Mackay fouled Morgan and both I
were bruised. The track was in extremely |
poor condition.
The summaries— Half-mile scratch (profes- |
Monal): \V. J. Kvans, Lansiiiff, Mich. , won; H. j
K. Freeman, San Francisco, second; J. >f.
Campbell, Bay City Wheelmen, third. Time,
1:09 3-5.
Half-mile scratcti (amateur)— Carl Aben- !
droth, Portland, wnn; J. C. Morgan. I'ortlaud, j
second. Time, 1 :15 3-5.
One-mile scratch — John F. I
Stayer, Portland and Bay City Wheelmen, won ; j
M. J. Lee. Portland, second; H. B. Freeman, 1
San Francisco, third. Time, 2 :40 4-5.
One-mile scratch (amateur)— A. I>. Mitchell,
Portland, won; J.C.Morgan, second; S. W.
Pi ole, Portland, third. Time, '2.2' i. Dead
heat. Given to Mitchell.
Two-mile scratch (professional) — John F.
Ptaver, Bay City Wheelmen, won; M. J. Lee,
Portland, second; H. B. Freeman, San Fran- !
Cisco, third. Time, 5.51 2-5.
Half-mile, flying stnrt :ierainst time— Harry
F. Ternli, ban Francisco. Time, 1.08 2-5.
iHterscholiJttifi (intnrs.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 20.— At the |
first annual championship meeting of the j
National Interscholastic Amateur Athletic
Association of the United States, held to
day at Columbus Oval, the New England j
Association won the championship ban- ]
ncr, scorine 4ri points; New "i ort and Ton- !
necticut came next with 24 each; Long j
IsJaud 7 and lowa State High-school 6:
points.
ATTACKED BY CUBANS
Two Gunboats Have a Sharp
Fight With Bold Rebels
on Shore.
A Spanish Ccnvoy, Consisting of Arms,
Ammunition fni Provisions,
Captuiei.
HAVANA, CUBA, June 20.— The Spanish j
gunboats Satellite and Ardilla, while mak- j
ing a cruise of inspection along the coast |
near Vertientes, close by the terminus of !
the Jucaro-Mcron trocha. were attacked by
rebels from the shore. With the assistance j
of the garrison of the iort the enemy was
repulsed after a sharp fight. The rebels
lost seventeen dead and many wounded, i
Commander Bauza of the Ardilla was also !
wounded, but not seriou-ly.
General Bernal, operating near Fran- \
cisco in the Pinar del Rio province, re
ports that he has dislodged a party of
rebels from their position in the hills in
that vicinity, capturing their camp and
destroying 100 huts. In the engagement
preceding the taking of the camp eighteen i
of the insurgents were killed and two of i
the Spanish force were wounded.
General Gasco reports that a band of
rebels numbering 6W attacked a force ol
sixty guerrillas on the road from Man
zanillo to Bayamo, and a long and fierce
tight ensued. The guerrillas were re-en
forced by 2UO troops, and tne en^my was
defeated nnd driven toward Peraleio. Six
of the rebels were killed. The Spanish
losses were a lieutenant and a corporal
killed, and a captain and fifteen privates
wounded.
The Commercio squadron, which was
organized last year by merchant?, has
been disbanded becauseof a lacK of funds,
severe penalties being inflicted upou per
sons connected with it.
Cor.sul-< General Lee was busy the whole i
day yesterday preparing a report which, :
it is believed, was sent to Washington
to-day.
The convoy captured by the rebels on !
the Cauto River consisted of 900 rifles and .
135,000 cartridges, besides a great quantity ;
of provisions destined for Baytwr.o.
It is rumored that Manzanillo nas been
attacked, but details are lackin \
It is said a big fight occurred yesterday
near Cabbias, in Pinar del Rio province, j
tielween the forces of Maceo and the Span- j
ish under General Gonzalez Munoz. The
losses are reported to be heavy on the i
Spanish side, but details are unknown yet. |
The towns of San Antonio and Rio Blanco,
partially burned the other day, are now
completely destroyed.
DOES IT MEAN WAR?
Consul- General Zee bends an Important
Message to Washington.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jane 20.— SDe
cial to the Herald from Havana, via Key
West, says:
Consul-General Lee forwarded to Presi
j dent Cleveland at noon to-day dispatches
■ of the utmost importance. The dispatches
I contain the full reports of the Consul-Gen
eral upon the Cuban situation and are of
an extremely sensational character.
In the dispatches there are two quite dis
tinct documents, the one wholly confiden
tial and for the personal information of
President Cleveland; the other a clear,
frank exposition of the situation in tne
island at the present time.
With the greatest candor the representa
tives of the United States in Havana de
scribes the exissing condition of affairs in
Cuba, both from a political and a commer
cial point of view
Notwithstanding Consul Lee's extreme
reticence I am justified in drawing the
conclusion that nis document is of tre
mendous importance to the United States
and to Spain.
So strong is it in fact that its contents
may, it is hinted, be made the basis of
armed intervention in Cuban affairs on the
part of the administration at Washington.
The report, intended as information
particularly designed for the Department
of State and which will be presented to
Secretary Olney, is, I am informed, a com
plete and impartial review of the field.
Consul-General Lee takes the ground
that the only possible solution of the
dreadful problem existing in the island is
autonomy on Canadian lines. '■ :'•'-.'
" While the Spanish flag flies in the island
of Cuba, Consul-General Lee says no
other remedy can be found to stay the
rebellion or end the bloodshed and
devastation which are at. present
making a Golgotha of one of the fairest
portions of the earth's surface. Even this
remedy, the Consul-General informs Presi
dent Cleveland and Secretary Olney, at
this late day, may be ineffectual.
■"' ■ ♦
Mad* a Had Impression- at Madrid.
MADRID, Spaix, June 20.— A very bad
impression has been made here by cpbie
grams received from the United States
announcing that the Cuban flag was dis
played at the Republican National Con
vention at St. Louis. The press, in their
comments upon the occurrence, agree that
the real Cuban question is not in Cuba but
in U>e United States, and the Government
is urged to prepare at once for all contin
gencies.
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE t#, 1896.
NEW TO-DAT.
o<K><><>o<>oo<><><><><>o<^
MAZE * MATfIHI.ESS m MFRf.HINMIEI
I lllilZilj lilnlimiiljuO m iflJjJAUJlnllLflOllilJ l l
I . SOME MORE BARGAINS WORTH HEARING ABOUT. 6
O JUNE 21, 1896.— T0 the intelligent public it will be quite obvious that at the prices we have quoted to-day it would be impossible to add a 0
O FREE CONCERT as a further inducement. Our profits will not pay for side shows, but we think that on our Midway the goods will sing a merry Q
fa price tune that will please all. A
X The June trade tide is setting in— Mazeward— as never before, rising higher and higher every day, submerging all attempts at co mpetition. 1
? DRESS GOODS. [MILLINERY. SILKS FOR JUNE. WASH GOODS. HOSIERY. ~~ X
V Here's a handful of hints for Monday > ■ jT
A shoppers, and the interesting price-story A June breeze has blown down the prices of Words cannot paint the loveliness of these More trice marvels ready to be caressed by „. ,  a « <.i in V
V they tell ha* an echo on every counter our trimmed Hats. Every shape and style for silken queens. A glow of ever-changing color the June" brew" .Try and equa? them in *"-anted 'art black and. «qua in T
I of the progressive Maze. town and country wear. Artistically trimmed irradiates them. Their price adds a fresh town. No store can show the variety and quality to any sold at much higher prices. Q
fa The price for the same quality has imported Hats at a little more than the price charm-a charm you cannot resist. quality at the Drice *»r»eiy »"" A
\J never beeu.equaled in the West. of the hat untrimmed. " 4"*i"> «n meprxce. q
Q 25c and 30c Fancy Suitings 15c '.■ - At 13 Cent*. <=/» ■  „ . _ , Ladies' 2sc black Hone at 15c. . (*)
JL 45c and 50c New Styles 25c „ _ . Colored all-Bilk Snr«.h worth «;n<* 50 pieces best quality Princess Duck, new Ladies' 3sc and -iOc Hose at 25c. T
O t>Oc and Gsc Choice Fabrics... . 3Oc All our Trimmed Hats, worth $6.00 and an suic Surah, worth 50c. designs, regular price 12, V; now ac a yard. Ladies' Black Lisle Hose at 30c. O
JL 75c and $1 Fine Quality... 49c *< -50, reduced to $2.50. At 89 Cents. ,„ .  .. T~T, ._. ... Misses' 3sc Tan Hose, ribbed, at l!)c T
T ■??■ SSW 25 En lls , h Sultin « s 59c Dresden Silk Zephyrs, 24 inches, worth 50c. T,reuv&n • n^" ° ndchalhe . Boys' 25c Black Ribbed at 15.-. Q
JL *l 50 Exclusive Styles 75c *• pretty designs, now <J^e. • Men's Tan Sox 3 pairs lor 50c T
V $2 Best Quality 8100 AH our Trimmed Hats, worth $S.OO and At 50 Cent«. .„ . ... — — .- . - ■ . . O
fa ¥10.00, reduced to $5.00. Striped French Taffetas, 21 inches, worth $1. pieces^lnsh Dimity in dainty designs, V
6 ~~ All our Parisian Models, worth from $15.00 All-black Fl^TaSe""^ inches wide, aSffiK?ltte?^r loT"* flOrftl deBIKDS . 0
A to $25.00, reduced to *7.50. pure «ik, and worth »i , ' '— v hO M Ladies' nuslin Underwear. T
X di A/'ir mnt\- At 09 Cents. 10 pieces 36-inch wide French Organdis in fa
r\ ULAtK UUUD£>. . Dresden Brocades, all silk, new colorings beautiful tints, 20c; now 10c. ~ u w «,, n fl.™.»(.nn.,,,n.««i!n V
\r i\ -- c I*. «-» and riPQio-na worth «i - The Maze underwear is unsurpassed in t
n . On cein a lifetime only once can you Duck Suits, $2.50. ; ana aes.gus, wortn »i 20 pieces dotted Swiss in wnite and tinted style and quality; the prices lower fa
y buy fine bIaCK goods at these prices. These natty, elegant June specials are just Qfr!nA „ v * *", Cc " t- ' „ ... M , nr grounds and Dresden and Persian effects, 1240. than any. T
Cl the tliiiiKS for the ho'idav months Tailor Striped French Taffeta, in exquisite color- Q
V made, beautif.illv finished, no one will say in S s - 31 inches wide, worth $1 15. 6 pieces Russian Bourette Suiting in very fl< es ', |2 Muslin Gowns, S!)c T
O 50c Figured Mohair 25C. they are not worth double what we ask. This At 75 Cents. stylish effects, regular value 35c, now 15c. J' s, les V*. , ambnc , „ vers ; r™n Q
I A black Jacquard for 35c. superb qual- o- PiCkt ' d at random from the lot Black French Rhadames, heavy, all silk, 21 12 * ec - 36-inch Fellies, the 12^ quality, DrfSj -grfe^Til^uSrftTrt: $
fa itv. silk finished, brilliantine; and full ______ inches wide, worth *1. for 10c. ' 2H only $2 95. T
Vr 38 inches wide, best value in town. _ At 75 Cent*. ■TZ~. , „ O
fa - For $2.50. - Dresden Taffeta (imported) all silk, new de- 12]- c white dotted Swiss for 9c. T
A ha?r*«£c&ide w^r'tVTSc *"* m ° In navy blue or black duck, striped or fig- slgns; worth $1 25 "f _ f 20c white Nainsook for 14c. . fa
fa hair, 45 inches wide, worth. 5u ured. Made in three styles. Box coat. Eaton ;■ At »1. Merino l!nHoru,P 9 r V
T or Blazer, with large sleeves and full, wide Dresden Taffeta, superb line, the most charm- merino unuerwedr. jl
Q Jacquard weaves for Gsc, entirely new skirt. ing effects; worthsl2s. c . . j-r»-ii _ _ ... M _. -.„- V
V designs and extra tine and wide, usually »* *i • Sheets and Pillow Cases. Ladies' sOo Ribbed \ests, 25c. X
fa oldat*l <•»• . .., , _ _ , At »1. . Ladies' 7sc Ribbed Vests, 35c. - fl
V Shirt Waists, 25c Each. Black Satin Duchesse, lustrous: finish and 9 . 4 hem , fltphed sh^t* «wi '* P . Ph Ladies' sl Silk Vests, 50c. T
A The*l2squaHtvof Priestley's black Here's a tempting lot. On Monday morning heavy weight; worth $1 35. 9-4 hemstitched Sheets^ /:: c each. SS^^r^ and we 9
1 goods, this week 75c. will place on sale 200 dozen tine Shirt Waists. At SI. 10. Large double-bed Sheets 94c don't think ? thev'^last v lonz so come O
0 A black mohair, 52 inches wide, 50c They're beauties and worth double. Black Figured Gros de Londres, stylish de- >1 - V „ D . ll „ ~T~ L . don t tninic tney a last as long, so come y
X This is a rare plum and is usually soli at ' siens and all silk; worth $1 50. 45x36 Pillow Cases 10c each. quit*. fa
T and *1. " At2soKach At 81.35. 50x36 Pillow Cases 14c each. A
fa At ASio ■ ' acn - Dresden Pompadour and Persian Taffetaes \J
X Striped or figured, with new style collars and and Gros-Grains; worth $2. 54x36 Pillow Cases 15c each. • A
I cuffs and full sleeves. Worth 60c. At «1.5*0. Corsets. • V
O New designs in Pompadour, Oriental and , . T.. , a!n - <w^. tg.i.t 0%,, 6
6 TRIMMINGS ETC At 39c K ach. {£££ %>*£s dp limrirH* "' Armiirn LinenS t Ladies' !?1 Corset « BISt, 2oC. X
O TPIMMINfiS FTC At 39e Each. weaves" worth *' 50 andArmure L^^e^^. Ladies' 7sc Summer Corset. 44c. fa
V IKIMiYIIINUSS tIU ...,_,.* ,f«!i in a* weaves, worth*- jO. One of the greatest bargain-giving sections Ladies' #l Sateen Corset, 69c. Q
0 lovely jewel Gimps in Persian and * no, ,f,!u 1 ' sIZ f ' ' m ... in this maze of bargains. Prices down to no Ladies' *1 50 U. B. Corset, dsc. A
1 DrVsden^fllcSforS^ola^rfromll *\^ any ffi| 75c Linings. price at all-thafs if_you_look at the quality. V
V to *3 a yard, on bale Monday for 200 a j 1.50 and $2 quality for.. $1 20c Imitation Haircloth at 5c yard. $2 50 V White Damask Napkins full dinner ' V
A }1!rUl • 12^c Linen Grass Cloth at 10c yard. size, $1 50 a dozen. I
X c • 1- v t j m , ... 20c Cotton Morean at L6Kc yard. JL
6 .Ut^d^^&^hS^^JSS ! Skirts, $4. Kid-finished Cambrics at 4c yard. Pure Linen Huck Towels, large size, 16 % c Little Things 9
A. 60c a yard, on Monday 39u. I T .. * * , , , . „ c c . . .... „ . O
{J- Ladies' dress skirts made of fine quality j rjran«»rie<! 50 manufacturer* lengths of Table linen *t Little Prices. V
X Black Silk Fish Net, figured and plain, black serge full five yards wide and lined "fapeneS. 50 na nufaj ctnre^«°|» hs £ « m T g le jj 1 "^ A
045 inches wide, u«ed figured and plain, ! throughout with rustle yards wide and lined i Floss-down Cushions, 15c each.. length i land '>l ; yafds, from 25c to $3 a Velveteen Binding, 4 yards „ 6
4ft inches wide, u«ed to be 75c and .$ 1 a throughout with rustle percahne only ,f4. 16xlt> Floss-down Cushions, 15c each. length Velveteen Binding, 4 yards 1."5 c.
JL yard, on Monday 35c. 23x72 Colored Rugs, regular value $3 50, at Needles, assorted, lc a package. Q
\J if 1 each. Tinsel Casing, 5c piece. jr
I Toilet Requisites. ' ! 27x63 Brussels Rugs, in rich colorings, Child's Lace Bonnets. American Pins, lc a paper. A
1 I Oiiet KequiSites. . worth $1 50, at pleach. w-imu a i-acc uumicis. Corset Steels, 5c each. V
Q Swansdown Face Powder, sc; La Blanche 20 Fringed Tapestry Table-covers, regular 25c Fancy Lawn Bonnets for 10c. Spool Cotton, 2c spool. Q
X Face Powder, 25c; Pinaud's Roman Face ! value $1 50, at 65c each. Hair Pins, lc a box. „ _ I
\J Powder, 25c; Bab<«ktn Soap, 5c cake Col- j 50 pairs Nottingham Curtains, 3K yards 50c Navy Blue Chambray for 25c. Fancy Metal Buttons, were 2oc, 3«>c O
I DCI TC gate's Toilet Soap, g}-$c cake; Cuticura Soap, long, 53 inches wide, worth *1 75, now $1 33 and 40c dozen, now lOc. T
Q DLL 10. 12'j cake; 2-ounce bottles brilliantine for 15c. I a pair. 75c Fine Dimity Bonnets for 45c. Kid Curlers, oc, 8c and 10c bunch. O
T ...:■•;: ■ ..----1 'jr.- Safety Pins, lc eacii. V
O t n w'^:.»rMTi^.. is™ ■ Knitting Cotton, 5c ball. A
Si^afety ami Fv*>* mrri Vr
\*sg, %* hit k e L Xid th B o cl lf- 15c - — ~ SSffia. 9
A Ladies' 50c Black Leather 25c. r\ ".'/■.-,; «fc. "• teen-covetJd Dress Stays. 5c dozen. A
Vr I adits' . r )oc Ulaclc Siik °5c ' -• ■ ' _jjml <irT~T^h e»ieen-«nvirreu jiil>» Mny, nc QDzen.
Ladies 50c silver Belts I.«jc. j&7^B^ j&Sß£^^^s' g jß' j 4c each '
V Sterling Silver Shirtwaist sets, *Jsc. JR f^Sfg^/ Jr J|7 r"^ w _— Ch. -~m*m*. M .S~\ V
A A Jw SO feß9d9vr flfljßr 1 r^*" f^r lr a. £\^^^ ■U^^^ None too soon. In that big; down- T
O Are requested to send for h Cata- jgb^fij &* fSgßfr W^ Ljk T* iO T~\T} C\£ A¥■ ft Is/—.1 s /—. C\^A^* £} S*** stairs corner are hundreds of bar- Q
A logue and any orders will receive VUffT A^Aw %/m^£ -f HV 4 V VPrA^-^* - rah helps— Flags. Bunting. Shields, A
jT proiupt attention. 1 i Lanterns, etc., etc.
CHKKK>O<>O<XK><><H>CKH>OO^
AWFUL FAMINE
IN THE ORIENT
Food Staples Are Obtain
able Only by the
Wealthy.
THE PLAGUE IN CHINA.
Female Children Sold in the
Markets for Less Than
Thirty Dollars.
MISSIONARIES IN JEOPARDY.
Kiangyin Outrages Investigated by
Lieutenant McLean of the
U. S S. Boston.
TOKIO, Japa*, May 31.— Tne famine in
Kwangsi province has become so severe
that rice is selling for $10 or $12 a picul, or
I about 8 to 9 cents a pound. At sucn a
| price only wealthy persons can afford to
i use this staple article of diet. It is stated
j that, in view of the impossibility of sup
porting life in the poorer families, permis
sion has been given to sell children, and
that girls from 2 to 14 years ol age are
offered in the open market for from $3
to $30.
At Hongkong the danger of an increase
j of the bubonic plague being imminent,
and very general dissatisfaction having
been expressed with the action of the sani
tary committee, which consists chiefly of
officials, British subjects were invited to
vote wnether the committee should con
sist entirely of civilians or principally of
officials. Only 362 persons took the trou
ble to vote, but 300 of them were in favor
of civilians only.
The British Consul at Canton has taken
steps to form an estimate of the ravages of
the plague in that city. By counting the
coffins as they passed out of the gates of
I the city he concluded that about 240 peo
ple are dying daily. The population of
Canton is something like a million and a
half.
The Kiangyin anti-missionary outrage
has evoked vigorous official action, but al
though the plot has been unraveled and
the guiky persons arrested another cruel
feature has been added to the affair. It
will be remembered that an accusation of
murdering children having been preferred
against the missionaries by a quack doc
tor, who entertained a grudge against
them in connection with the lease of their
premises, a search of the house and yard
made in the presence of the mob revealed
the body of a 15-mouths-old child. The
missionaries barely escaped with their
lives.
Reaching Chinkiang, they laid the case
before the I'nited State? Consul-General,
who immediately communicated with
Shanghai, and als> with Peking, the re
sult being tnat Lieutenant McLean of the
United States steamship Boston was or
dered to proceed to Chinkiang to com
plete a report, and the Boston was got
ready to proceed up the river. Meanwhile
a Chinese family, who were friendly to the
missionaries, had applied themselves to
discover the truth. They succeeded in ob
taining a confession from the quack doc
tor's chief accomplice while the latter was
under the influence of opium. It appears
that the accomplice had been informed by
the doctor that the missionaries would
give him $'.20 for the body of a child, and
the two, proceeding at midnight to a j
grave, carried off a corpse and hid it under ,
some rubbish in the missionaries' com
pound, whence the doctor unearthed it
subsequently in the face of the district of
ficials and of an infuriated mob.
On the night of the riot the mother of
the children, go in.: to burn incense at the
grave, saw tuat the body had been re
moved. The friends of the missionaries j
induced her to preftr a complaint, and
thus the whole plot was divulged. But, !
unfortunately, the quack doctor knew the j
family that had been instrumental in ex- \
posing the truth. To be avenged on them
he declared, when making his confession,
that the eldest son had been an accom- 1
plice. The man was arrested. At iirst he
maintained his innocence, but being sub
jected to torture his fortitude gave way
and he falsely implicated himself. What
ever rearess may ultimately be obtained, i
the cost of befriending the missionaries !
will thus seem very high to the people 01
Kiangyin.
Reports from Hankow show that the 1
crop of China tea would have been excep
tionally fine this year had not the pro- :
ducing districts been visited by heavy
rains at the time of drying and tiring the
leaf.
It is related of a Cantonese girl tnat, i
hearing of the terrible famine in the i
neighboring province, she sold all her
jewels and ornaments and adding the pro
ceeds to her cvn savings and to money |
obtained at her solicitations from rich j
relatives, succeeded in making up a sum 1
of $3000 toward the relief fund.
MASHONALAND IN REVOLT.
Troops Are Being Hurriedly Shipped to
Cape Town — A Long and Desultory
Warfare Is Certain.
LONDON, Exc,., June 20.— Concurrent
advices from Cape Town are to the effect
that the whole of Mashonaland is in in
surrection. Troops iiave been hurriedly
shipped at Cape Town to go by way of
Beira to relieve the British. Throughout
Rhodesia the Britisn only hold the terri
tory within a mile of the forts. Settlers
everywhere have been murdered by the
Matabeles. The troops already in the
country find great difficulty in conduct
ing operations owing to the deficiency of
food and horses. A long and desultory
warfare is certain. This will involve the
expendituie of lunds from the imperial
exchequer and the conspquent abolition of
the charter of the British South Africa
Company.
FINANCIAL COLLAPSE IN ROME.
The. J'ublic Tribunal lieelarna the Soceitn-
ltmnobiliere Bankrupt.
ROME, Italy, June 20 —The Societa
Immobiliere was declared bankrupt on
Thursday by the public tribunal, which
appointed the president oi the Rome
Chamber of Commerce as curator or trus
tee of the institution and its affairs. It is
reported that the liabilities of the con
cern are 96,000,000 lire and the assets
80,000,000 lire. In consequence of the con
fusion of the accounts of the institution
it is probable that its directors will be
arrested and prosecuted.
SLAUGHTER OF TURKS.
The Druses Revolt in Damascus and Com-
p/etely Cut to Pieces Four Com
panies of Troops.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey. June 20.
— According to advices received from Da
mascus the Druses have revolted and com
pletely cut to pieces four companies of
Turkish troops and captured a number of
guns. Orders have been given to send
twelve battalions of troops from Salonica
to Syria immediately.
CHOLERA IS EGYPT
Seven lieatha Xrpnrted Among the Troop*
at H<, rnnl.il.
CAIRO, Egypt, June 20.— Advices re
ceived from Korosko say that cholera has
made its appearance among the Egyptian
troops at that place. The dispatches say
fourteen cases of the disease were discov
ered in the camp, seven of which had re
sulted fatally up to tha time of writing.
PORTLAND HAGINE ENDED
Cloite finishes the Order of th« Day'»
Sport.
PORTLAND, Or., June 20.— The race
meeting of the Portland Jockey Club closed
! most successfully to-day. Not only was
; Portland's name redeemed a3 a racing
I center, but California horsemen received
i different treatment from that of last year.
The purses were paid and the past season's
"hoodoo" on Irvington is removed. There
were six events on the closing day's sched
ule, and in the two live-eighths dashes
very exciting finishes were seen between
I Freewill and (ioldbug in the first and
■ Clacquer and I-Don't-Know, who was a
strong favorite, in the other.
Summaries— One mile, handicap, ttitt Pol
lard won, Normandy second. Time, 1:44.
Half mile for two-year-olds, Mamie i) won
j lone second. Time. :51l$.
Five furlongs, Free Will won, Goldbug sec
| ond. Time, 1:03.
I Five furlongs, selling. Clacquer won, I-Don't
, Know second. Time, 1:0-
Mile hurdle. Comrade won, Tom Black sec-
I ond. Time, l:5l»£.
Pacing, 2:30 cluss, Ethel C won, Butch sec
ond. Best time, 15:21^.
STATE RECORD LOWERED.
Kplendid Time Made at a Philadelphia
n i eyrie Meet.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 20.-Five
thousand persons attended the tenth an
nual bicycle me :-t of the South End Wheel
men this afternoon on the grounds of the
Tioga Cricket Club. The weather was per
fect, the track was in good condition and
good time was made. E. C. Bald, the pro
fessional, won two events and rode a mile
in 2 minutes. In the latter trial Bald
was paced by Church and McCurdy, who
were on a tandem, but the time ma'ile was
four seconds behind the record, which is
held by Otto Zeigler, the California flyer.
W. G. Douglass, the University of Penn
sylvania crack, lowered the mile State
amateur record of 2:04 to 2:02 4-5.
Slurdered by 2«eo Tramps.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June 20.-A
special from Wyoming, Minn., says that
two citizens known by the names of Paul
and Hayes were shot dead last night by a
couple of tramps who had attempted to
hold them up. The tramps escaped and
are being pursued. They will certainly be
lynched if caught.
HO! FOR FITCHBURG!
To- Day Take Your Family and Friends Out on the '
FITCHBURO, SAN LEANDRO AND HAYWARDS LOCAL.
(See Southern Pacific Time-Card. )
The first important stop east or Fruit vale is the place. Fastest Suburban train
on the Pacific Coast. Direct boats and trains from ferry, foot or Market Street, to
FITCHBURQ STATION IN FORTY-FIVE MINUTES.
ALAMEDA, BKBKELKY AND I'RUITVALE TRAINS SINGED BY THE FITCH-
BDBG SCORCHER. HAYWARDS ELECTRIC CARS FROM
OAKLAND EVERY FEW MINUTES.
If you are tired of life and want to get oft the earth, stay where you are. People get well, become
cheerful, consented and prosperous in Fitch bury.
Fitch^rg is the most promising suburb on the direct line of up-to-date public and private improve-
ments in the vicinity of Oakland. It isabnsiness center by natural location. Its railway lines now
operating, deepwater transportation for freight by Damon's line of fast sailing vessels on Oakland Har-
bor, and the excellent county roads leading to It. are incontestable proofs. It is regularly laid oat Into
blocks and lots bounded by wide streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with avenue trees,
cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY.
For a home while cheap; for speculation on •> rising market; for a turn be first for Investment now,
and hold on. No city taxes to pay; no street Improvements to make. Water supply from three com-
panies at yon doors. Lots In this beautiful town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than can ba
bought for in many of the one-street tracts off in an inaccessible hay field.
Lots 25 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep to parallel street. .Double frontage. Terms: 10
per cent cash; deferred payments In easy Installments; title perfect.
W. F. MoCLURE, 19 Montgomery Street, S. F.
THAD. S. FITCH, Fltrhhurg.
NEW 1896 RAMBLERS TO RENT
9\ <S 9L= B^ rlln /M I r 111 \
ig/VA run Ll) ULiiiu
lIIP' :;;V Wsm . p pr Hour
RIDING SCHOOL, LOCKERS AND BATHS. COMPLETE REPAIR SHOP.
1896 RAMBLERS $85.00. 1896 TIXDBBS $125.00.
1895 RAMBLERS $59.00. 1895 TAMILS $110.00.
INSTALLMENT PLAN, $15.00 Down, $2.50 per Week.
»*£iJ UR ORAI'KS are troubling many of our competitors. The enormous sale of RAMBLER
KICYCLES Is causing the (rouble. They are the best wheels in America to-day, as they have been
i f or ii,y ear »P a st, the easiest running and stan< nest wheels on the market. We guarantee them ami
in addition repair all punctures FREE, even thouch yon get a hundred.
It takes an easy running wheel to be speedy. The Rambler has more wins to Its credit than any
other two wheels made, anJ Ramblers have always held more than their share of national as well as
local records.
As In 1879. so to-day Ramblers lead year in and year out. They occupy premier position. Coma
in and Inspect. I You won't be harassed by "persistent" salesmen, but you will see a wheel that money
cannot improve. , *
THOS. H. B. VARNEYS RAMBLER BICLORAMA,
Market, Tenth and Stevenson Streets, S. F.
Park Agency— "Wheeiery," Corner Page and Stanyan St».
IRON BED<*. sn /n a ■ i jtn 4"v m. m •
Co£££2»» BRASS beds. COAL! COAL !
r": W OLD P.? BE S ' ! Wellington $10 00
Wire and Hair Mat- , south Held. T9 50
*f eB ? e8 « ** eO J 'nl n ! Genuine Coos Bay 6 BO— Half ton. 350
1f,,,,, Chairs. Wheel Cuair* I 8eatt1e.............. ...... 800-Halftoo. imi
Tttn « „ commode*, Back Bean 8ryant...............:::.....: 7 OW-Uall *OJ
1111 V fTTffTTff w * A - SCHROCK. Telephone- Black-35.
ir"^4if™ J-'*S?;SSS»SSSS KNICKERBOCKER coal co.,
*^ Hotel, b. F. 62» Howard Street, Near First.SUND AY JUNE 21, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Tttf.atkb.— "The Squire of Dames,"
o- morrow night.
Camforkia THEATER.-"The Home Secretary."
'ci-cmbia 1 ii katek- -The Charity Ball.'
Mobosco'b OPKKA-nocsE— "New York Day By
Day. '
I IVou Oi>itßA-Hr>r*F.— "Lorraine."
Op.phkcm— High-Class Vaudeville.
ÜBovcm'n ATC/7AK.— "The Little Detective,"
''ark Thkatkk- Grove street, between rolk
and Van Ness avenue— " Cruiskeen Lawn."
•^ctbo Baths— Bathing and performances.
I'hksidio ATHLKTIcGIiOCNDS— BasebaII.
Goutsn Gate Park— Golden Gate Park Band.
Shoot the Cni;TK«- Dally at Haighi street, one
i iock e» Bt of the Park.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion— To Bohemia Grove.
AUCTION ALES.
By Char. lastman — Monday, June 22, Japanese
High-Art Goods, at 419 Kearny street, at 1 30 a.
M- and '1 p. m.
By BSUJVUI & Doyle— Monday June 22,
Rockaways, Buggies, etc., at 1128 Mission street,
»t 11 o'clock.
By Ea6ton * Ei.dridok.— June 23.
Furniture, at NX. corner of Sutler and Octavia
streets, at 10 o'clock.
By Eastok « Kldridgi- Saturday, June 27,
Real Kgtatf. Nt Murphy Station, at 1 o'clock.
CITY ITEMS IN BRIEF
Rev. EL 11. Oapham has been appointed to
the Episcopal Mission of St, James.
The weather forecast for to-day is "fair, ex
cept partly cloudy and foggy in the morning."
The ladies oi Belvedere gave a garden party
in aid of the church fund of that place yester
iiay.
•ieorge Hansen's will, which leaves a $1500
estate to his wife, wm yesterday filed ior pro
ba'e.
The lists of graduates from the primary,
emmmar and high schools continue to in
-1 rease.
The Pacific Mail steamship City of Rio Janei
ro arrived yesterday from ABiatic ports by way
of Honolulu.
; ohn P. Cleese was yesterday appointed ad
ministrator of Peter Cleese. The' property is
valued at about :*l<i,o<m>.
The printing committee for the Fourth of
■'lebrtition has awarded the contract for
• souvenir programmes.
I/Italia predicts failure for tho Presbyterian
work at North Beach, on account of the sud
den dismissal of Rev. O. Vinai.
Y. iterday was Udies' day at Inpleslde cour?
lark.and many nf the members of the iair
- -x turned out to witness the running.
Three men and a woman, each with a black
■p-f to compiainis for battery at one
•line btfore Judge Campbell yesterday.
The children of the Le Oonte French School
and the French I'hurch Reformed School heid
their commencement exercises yesterday.
Dan Lynch, manager of Thomas Sharkey,
easons why the i-ai'.or iuu will be in at
ish in iht four-round go with Corbett.
I>. Cohen ol 1044 Howard street was sen
.;. $250 or undergo I^o lays' lin
ment for brutally driving a horse to
Phillip Fitzsimmons, a peddler of Japanese
'.isr» ■ trrested Friday evening, will
to Sacramento, where he is wanted for
iry.
Two m^re witnesses were examined in the
-Baldwin trial yesterday, Proprietor
; the Taliac Hotel and his Bister,
\ tvcrsOD.
i his court yesterday for his
' I : msen will open his
• rrow morning after having en
- vacation.
liv *on last night set the pace
;.>r Lhe ■ ini'f.eii. It was full of enthusiasm,
rks, music, torches and brave mottoes,
h i ib: ; - ' '.er times.
The pre'.iminary examination of Abraham
, jeweler, charged wi:h lelony embezzle
by J. H. Berry, a miner, was commenced
bciore Judge Conlan yesterday.
Judge Belcher yesterday sentenced Alexan
der Thompson to ten years in Folsom for bur
glary. C'larem'f 1 Turner drew a four-year sen
'ei.ee for ss^ault with intent to rob.
Thv> Corral Hollow Railway was finished to
the mines lnst week and the first train of
freight went over it Thursday. The coal mines
will be openen in August, when 2000 men will
be employed.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
rvisors i^i* discovered that there will not
be within $25,000 oi enough to pay the titreet
I>^ pamnent bills, for the fiscal year now draw
"lnc to a close.
Hiiaire Belloc, a University extension lec
turer of Oxford College. England, and a strong
monometallism says that if a bimetallic stuifl
nrd Is adopted in' America gold will be driven
out of the country.
Suit hns been brought against the directors
of the American Pipe and Pile Armor Com
pany, alleging thai they have manipulated the
nff airs of the company so as to freeze out all
the other ttockho.ders.
The Merchants" Association has forwarded a
set of resolutions to the Board oi Supervisors
petitioning for an immediate construction of
the mu:iieipiil building at the corner of Wash
ington and Kearny streets.
Two fishermen were picked from the bot
tom of an overturned boat by the schooner W.
P. Phelps yesterday. As the men were in a
•lying condition Captain Mercer put about and
brought them back to the City.
The fifty-ninth anniversary of the ascension
to the British throne by Queen Victoria whs
duly honored on the front yesterday. The
British cruiser Comus and the ■ort on Alcatraz
each fired a royal salute at noon.
Mattie Overman returned from Southern
rnia on the steamer Santa Rosa yester
day. Noonowasat the vessel's side to meet
her, but he: valises, which she gave to the
Transfer Rgent, were labeled "C. O. Brown."
The Jordan Bituminous Rock and Paving
Company yesterday applied for a writ of pro
hibition to prevent Auditor BroderJck making
any payment on account of the Folsorn
street contracts to the City Improvement Com
t.any. It is alleged that the contract granted
by the Supervisors was illegal.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald said yester
day that he intended no distinction between
men when he arranged for employers to enter
at one door a:.d employes at another. In the
first place, owing to the formation of the
building, he had no other way to make ar
rangements, and in the second it expedited
and facilitated business.
LADIES' COURSING DAY.
Three Stakes Decided at Ingleside
Yesterday — 1 h<- Shortcnden Won
the Money.
The three coursing stakes that were run
yesterday at the Ingleaide grounds were
productive of many surprises that sent the
form players into mourning for their lost
coin, and correspondingly elated the fol
lowers of the shortend.
It was ladies' day, and a large number
>i the members of the fair sex turned out
to witness the running. The champion
stake, in which eight dogs were entered,
waa tirst taken up and resulted as follows:
M Trnynor's 1 Flashlight boat J. H. Rosseter's
San Joaonin, M. Traynor's Valley Maid beat
< ronin <fc McDonald's Skybnil, Robinson Si
Peyton'* Flying Buck beat Cronln & McDon-
Llnok. S. H Rosseter's Wayfarer beat
n A Peyton's Royal Buck
pj ral t : , — Wayfarer beat Flashlight, Valley
M»'l beat Flying Buck.
*"i mil— Wayfarer beat Valley Maid.
The puppy stake brought out four blue
hloodeti youngsters, who ran as follows:
I H. Roster's Arapahoc beat J. Dean's Liv
t. T. Grace*! Said Pasha beat C. C.
ld'i Great Scotr.
Final— Arapahoe beat Said Pasha.
For the all-aged stake four well-known
performers "vere entered, Kitty Scott car
ryins off the first prize. The three courses
resulted as follows:
J H. Boweter*! Kitty Scott beat Cronin &
ftki's Reliance, Portal A Haggerty's El
oeat J. Perlgo'g Wee Lassie.
Final— Kitty Scott beat Eldridee.
To-day a tfairty-six-dog stake will be run.
Park Mimic To- Day.
The programme of the park music to-day is
as follows: ..->:■:
Mnrch, "El Capltan" Sons*
overture, "< ire*-" W>ttge
l.allet music from •'Faust" Gounod
Walts, 'Flo:ver<j of St. Petersburg" Bcsctl
Musical panorama, with variations for all In
struments Conrad!
Over "la Gazza J.a<lra" Rossini
1 .rand flute solo, "Irav.ata" Verdi
- ■ • A. Lombcrdo. '/ ;—~
Fantasia, "Cuvaileria Rustic aim" ... ....Mascagni
Idyl, "The Forge In the .Forest". Mlchaelis
Galop, "To the fark" Bpadlna
VICTORIA'S DAY
DULY HONORED
Salutes Fired by the Brit
ish Cruiser and
Alcatraz.
A QUEEN'S ANNIVERSARY
Two Fishermen Rescued From
Death by the Schooner
W. S. Phelps.
BROUGHT BACK TO THIS CITY.
The Vessel Was on Her Way lo
Mendocino, but C ptain Mercer
Returned at Once.
The British cruiser Comus was gayly
decorated with bunting yesterday in honor
of the fifty-ninth anniversary of the ascen
sion of Queen Victoria to the British
The British Cruiser Comus, Which Sailed for Esqnimalt Yesterday
Afternoon. She Is Shown in the Act of 1 iring a Royal
Salute at Noon in Honor of the Fifty-Ninth Anniversary of
the Ascension of Queen Victoria to the British Throne.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
throne. At noon a royal salute was fired,
and a few minutes later Alcatraz followed
suit. About 2p. M. the warship pot under
way and proceeded on her voyage to Es
quimault. The Comus was last in San
Francisco Bay on the occasion of the visit
of the Princess Louise, when she took the
royal party to Victoria, B. C, and back
again. On this occasion she ran out of
coal and had to put in here for a fresh sup
ply. On her arrival at Esquimault she
will probably be sent to Bering Sea to
look after the sealers.
Captain Mercer ot the schooner W. S.
Phelps performed a most humane act yes
terday. He was bound out for Mendocino,
and when on the bar an overturned boat
was sighted. Two men were clinging to
the keel, and Captai-i Merer at once went
to the-r rescue. The men were taken off,
but it was too rough to save the boat and
it had to be abandoned. The men were
crab-fishers named J. Memeta and R.
Momaleona, and when hauled into the
Phelps' boat were more dead than alive.
Both h^d to be sent aboard tbe schooner
in a sling, and it was thought Memeta was
dead as the troth was coming from his
mouth. Both men were stripped and
rubbed and Captain Mercer at once put
about and ran for Meiggs wharl. He
landed the men and saved their lives, but
he missed a tide and lost a day.
The fishermen say they were returning
after a morning's work when a roller cap
sized their boat. They got on the keel
and had been clinging to it for three hours
when the Phelps hove in sight. This is
Captain Mercer's first voyane in the
schooner. He succeeded Captain Farroll,
who fell into the drydock a week »go and
died from his injuries.
This is the second fi?hing-<;mack that
has been lost within eighty-four hours.
On Friday iast Captain Crow-ell, who was
making his first voyage in the City of
Para, picked up two men in almost the
same position as did Captain Morcer.
The British ship captains are to hold a
big reunion and regatta at Sausalito next
Saturday. Tho various pvf-nts will be:
Fonr-oared gijr race for seitmen, 4-oaretJ
gig race for arprcutices, 200-yard swim
ming raci-, > hovel raco in gigs, donkey
race in gigs (the crew reaching the win
ning pot last to take first prize), punt
sculline (only one oar allowed), duck hunt.
climbing the^greasy pole, stern chase for
gi'_'B, boys' swimming race, tub race,
4-oared gig race, the Sausalito captains vs.
Mission Bay captains. Valuable prizes
will be given in all the events and an en
joyable day's sport is anticipated.
Private advices received yesterday tell of
the foundering at sea of tbe sealing
schooner Katherine. The captainand crew
managed to reach Hakodate. No further
particulars were received. The Katherine
was formerly the Black Diamond, and a
couple of years ago was seized by the
revenue cutter Rush. -A prize crew was
put aboard, but a few days later the seal
ers retook the vessel, and, putting into
Unalaska, landed the revenue men and
sailed for the coast, of Japan. She was
never retaken, and though arbitration
began, the matter was dropped. She was
owned by Captain J. K. Fulton of Vic
toria. B. C\ who is now on a cruise in
tbe staler Osprey. His son was in com
mand of the Katherine.
Tbe old ship Thermopylse, so well known
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
on the Pacific Coast, will be seen here no
more. She has been sold to the Portu
guese Government for $19,000, and will be
lurned into a training ship.
The steamer Portland and the bark
Oriental were in collision yesterday. The
steamer was backing out and ran her
stern into the bark, and did herself con
siderable damage. The Oriental had her
head gear partly torn away.
Miller & Freese, the saloon-keepers on
East street, and the harbor police are
anxiously looking for three sneak thieves.
They entered the saloon ana ordered
drinks. One of them made an excuse to
go into a back room. He returned at
once and told Freese to go and look at the
mess the Dlace was in. Freese went at
once, and while he was gone the three
took $19 30 out oi the till and disap
peared.
There is a re-ort on Jackson street, near
E;ist, where all the loafers on the water
front go to get a schooner of wine for 5
cents. About, fifteen of them were sitting
in the place half asleep yesterday, when
some young fellows slyly slipped a lighted
bomb into the room.
When it went off it broke the windows
and knocked all the bottles off the shelves.
The loafers were sobered with fright and
came tumbling over each other in their
eagerness to get away from me place. A
complaint was iiled at the Harbor Police
st.ition and Officer Gwin worked on the
case all day without success.
The yacht Lurline went to Santa Cruz
for the close of the carnival yesterday.
Adolpii Spreckels, Al Stetson and a party
of friends were aboard.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
Coptic mailed lor the Orient yesterday. She
had only twenty cabin passengers, but a
very large cargo. The latter was very
badly stowed and the vessel was down
forward and had quite a list to starboard.
SUN AT SUTRO BATHS.
Interesting Aquatic Sports on the Pro-
gramme for To-I>ny.
A fine tirre is guaranteed to patrons of
( Sutro baths this afternoon and evening.
The programme, which will be one of the
finest yet rendered, will have several races
for boys.
"The Entranced Lady, introduced by the
; Oriental Nan ten Wallas, will besomethiiiß
; wonderful. The lady will float in midair
. unsupported," says Colonel Robinson.
; "I'rofossor Dana Thompson will endeavor
to swim the whole length of the mammoth
tank, which is over 100 yards in length.
Major Robinson, the well-known water
clown and midget, will also appear on the
i tight-rope. The live duck chase, which
caused so much excitement, will again be
on the programme, and those attending
the baths will surely enjoy themselves."
ST. PATRICK'S PICNIC.
Annual Outing of Parishioners in Aid of
Schools Next Wednesday in Cali
fornia Schuotzen Park.
The annual excursion and picnic of St.
: Patrick's Parish, in aid of tb c Parish
I schools, will be held at California JSohuetzen
. Park, near Ban Kafael, next Wednesday.
The committee having charge of the ar
< rangements take pleasure in stating that
, nothing has been left undone by them to
make the outing a success. The round
trip tickets have been placed at 50 cents
for adults and 25 cents for children under
12 years of age. 1 These ticKets entitle the
holders to admission to the park also.
The band will leave on the 9 o'clock boat,
and Professor Tim McCarthy will supply
jig and reel music.
An unusually long and attractive pro
i gramme of games has been- prepared. It
has forty separate events which offer a
large variety of trials for young and old.
For gate prizes a long list of useful articles
I will be distributed. The various commit
tees in charge ot the outing are as follows:
Committee of arrangements— T. L. Doran
(Chairman), James P. Gnffney (secretary)
Frank J. Sullivan, Joseph P. Hayes J F
O'Brien, William T. Flynn, J. M. Kirby, John
F. Twotney, William A. Breslin, J. Loney, E
K. Lacy, M. Boden. William A. Sullivan, G. j'
Dougherty, J. J. Donegan.
Reception committee— J. J. Donegan (chair
man), T. L. Doran, M. Boden, John Loney J
1". Gaflney.
Floor committee — E. P. Lacy (floor manager),
John F. Twomey (assistant), Joseph P. Hayes
William A. Breslin, James !■'. O'Brien. '
Games committee— William T. Flynn (chair
man), Frank J. Sullivan, George Dougherty J.
M. Kirby, William A. Sullivan, M. Boaen.
♦ — * — •
Summer Operations of Burglars.
During the su mnier when so many
I faruil ies are absent at summer resorts,
their City homos are often pillaged by
: burglars and many articles of value are
taken. JiiMiiance ngiiinst losses of thi»
cliarflcter is .something of a novelty in in
surance circles, but it can be done.
The New England Burglary Insurance
Company, lor which ok6ll. Donnell & Co.,
411 California street, are coast agents, in
sures against loss 01 any kind by burglary.
No restrictions are placed upon unoccii
pancy of residences.
Th«» Goldstein Property.
Charles Allennerg yesterday applied for let
ters of iidminisiraUon on the estiite of William
Goldstein, who died in Bremen, tfermany,
February 27, 1890. Allenberg's wife is one ot
the heirs 01 the deceased, whose estate is worth
over * 10,000.
THE ROLL ON
THE INCREASE
In Many of the Primary,
Grammar and High
Schools.
LISTS OF GRADUATES.
Hundreds of Boys and Girls Who
Now Hold Scholarly
Diplomas.
VALUED REWARDS OF MERIT.
Excellent Yearly Record of Teachers
and Pupils-Tardy Principals*
Reports.
Although the public schools are closed
for the midsummer vacation the graduates
are still in evidence. The principals of
several schools omitted to send the roll of
graduates to the Superintendent until yes
terday. Following is the list of those not
previously published:
POLYTECHIfIC SCHOOL GRADUATES.
Complete course diplomas — Herbert A.
Burns*, F. Andrew Carstensen, Samuel M.
Crim*. William Lawton Curtin, Joseph A.
Dowling, Otto Erlacti", Albert Greenbaum,
Wiiliam Washington Healey, Andrew E. Har
rigan. Edward H. Kroenke. Howard E. Mor
ton, Daniel L. Wolf, Jur.n I. Yrigoyen*, Ed
mund Flinn. Maybelle King, Laura A. Minni
gan, Kathleen J. Murphy. Nellie Patricia
O'Rouike*, Josephine Loretta O'Rourke*.
Georgina R. Poultney, Mary Pernau, Gene
veive Voy*.
Certificates were issued to numerous
other students, who took a limited course.
MISSION GRAMMAR SCHOOL.
Following is the roll of graduates from
the Mission Grammar School, Mrs. Nettie
R. Craven, principal:
EdnaAldrich, Mabel Aldrich, Alice Allen,
Nellie Averell, Adelaide Bartlett, Jessie Bate
man, Ella Batemen, Flora Bowley, Belle Con
verse, Bertha Caro, Lizzie Dundas, Effle Din
neine, Florence Dußois, Louise Ede, Annie
Fleiger, Laura Finch, Tessie Fitzgerald, Lily
Gregory, Hattie Henrix, Alice Hagarty. Emma
Harmraa, Etta Hagan, Mabel Howard. Wella
Jncobsen, Florence Kustal, Anna Koch, Min
nie Landgrebe, Ida Lyzwa, May Lowney, Mary
Mahoney. Mollie McAuiiffe, Maggie McGowan,
Sylvia 'O'Loghlen, Florence Porter, Louise
Power, Hazel Purcell, Annie Paulsen, Marie
Ryfkogel, BiTtha Roberts, Loretta Sleatn,
Susie Stewart, Belle Van Winkle, Bertha Vor
rath, Ignore Worth, Lily Werner, Ricard Ben
son, James Clindinin, Edward Cahill, James
Doherty, Thomas Dunning. Morri3 Hixon,
Harry Murphy, William Reuter, Cornelius
Sheehan. Artiuir Sugden, Henry Yost.
LONGFELLOW SfHOOL GRADPATEB.
Following is the list of graduates from
the Longfellow Primary to the grammar
schools:
Emily Andrieux, Felecie Candau, Alvada
Clarke, Madge Dinan, Hazel Ford, Rose Fuiler
ton, Charlotte Goodwin, Anna McMichael,
Anna McDermott, Elizabeth Magner, Margaret
UcAuUffe, Hazel Newman, Elethea Nidevar,
Kaie Ullrich, Matilda Veyhle. Ella VTUkina,
Krederict Bolile, Hanse Becker, Albert
Christensen, Richard Dnllke, Theodore Krsi
laii'J, Palmer Hewlett, John Knar, George Mon
roe, Daniel McMillan, rasper Peterson,
Bruce Parker, Henry Rossi, William
Riegelhuth, Daniel Sheridan, Thomas Vint.
Omar Baker, Edwin Bryant, Joseph Brodt-rick,
Willie ("Rttran, Walter Carsou, John Finnerty,
Berry Hanks, Sam Hansen, Fred Heaphy,
David Longwill, Jonn McGrath, Edwin O'Con
nor, James Smith, George Sullivan, Joseph
T'lrich, Delia At>hrnan, Carrie Austin, Etta
Besthorn, Lizzie Bean, Hattie Casteli, Maggie
Casey, Agnes Conlon, Louise Draddy, Minnie
Donovan, Ruih Ford, Maggie Greves, Mabel
.Tensen, Lucie I^wis, Anna Lawless, Birdie
Lewis, Mary Lottie, Margie Rasmussen, Luch
Wiley, Anna Wachter, Kda Wilkins.
OARFIELP GRADUATES.
Appended is the list of graduates from
the GarneJd Primary:
Mario Arata, Joseph Ennis, Thomas Hoert
korn, Harry Heinz, Ben Lennox. EUgnr Oden,
Orest Peiito, Cleveland Crofton, Henry Btrnok
HEW TO-DAY.
New York Herald
says :
"In the first place, the sale of fraudulent tea is injuring
the market of the legitimate trader, by lessening the demand
for pure and honest teas. In the next place — and this fact
raises the question far beyond a mere dollars-and-cents
level — the consumption of the adulterated herb is not only
vitiating the taste of the consumer, but causing disease and
death."
Now, do you see why we take up this
crusade ? You are not the only ones who
suffer from colored tea; we suffer too.
We have gone to great expense in build-
ing tea-roasting machinery, so as to furnish
you fresh and pure tea- -the only pure
Japan tea, that we know of, sold on this
coast.
We have done this because, when you
know that tea is better, you will drink
more — our tea.
Shall we, therefore, let our business
suffer, just because you do not know the
facts ?
Which merchant has the better right
to the trade of this town and this coun-
try- -he who sells you pure tea, or he who
sells you colored tea ?
It is for you to say.
Your money back if you don't like
Schilling s Best.
San Francisco m Schilling & Company
man, Helen Armstrong, Maggie Burke, Katie
Bollinger, Beatrice Bacigalupi, Ida Bedoni,
Clementine Bianchl, Rose Domozonio, Vir
ginia Dondero, Amelia Ertola, Flora Frenzel,
Corinna Forno, Nellie Hodge, Alice Hodge,
Florence Lopez, Louise Lenari, Mabel Marini,
Rose Lorenzo, Claudina Pinaglia, Lizzie Riley,
Alice Salanave, Millie Sebat«mo, Emily Strand,
Jeannette Telfor, Bridget Watters, Josie
Viganego, Mary Rovere, Mary Desmond.
IRVING SCHOOL GRADUATES.
Annexed 13 the list of boys and girls who
received diplomas of graduation from the
Irving Primary:
Nellie Argens, Mabel Berg, Lily Borromeo,
Eva Conboy, Hannah Connors, Amelia Corros
sio. Annie Cunningham, Rose Dematel, Maria
Denucci, Laura Kramer, Lily Lachman, Marie
Laurent, Lily Lickei, Batistina Massa, Ida
Matteucci. Elizabeth O'Brien, Augustina Ol
livera, Mary Scolii, Louisa Storer, Hyman
Becker, Edward Freese.John Gaffney, Rinaldo
Ghiradelli, Lawrence Lickei, Aehilie Luporini,
Marcus Mojica, Andrew Molinari, Joseph
Rogers, Augustino Tognottl, Charles Wagner.
THE EDISON GRADUATES.
is the list of the pupils gradu
ating from the Edison Primary:
Annie Branagan, Ethel Bailey, Minnie Black,
Ethlyn Cornwell. Violet Graaft', Ethel Hammit,
Ethel Kingsland, Josie Leahy, Renie Maher,
Lenora Malone, May Msnoney, Susie o'Flana
gan, Theresa O'Connor, Vester Parker, Vivi.an
Ransdell, James Bellis, George Bigelow, Clyde
Calvin, Elmer Hurrell, Robert Hageman. Rear
don Lyons. Elmer Willard, Frank Thomas,
Elver Smith, Cllve Smith, Charles Smith,
Eva Costello, Alice Fex, Hattie Ferguson,
Alice Ferguson, Mildred Hinckley, Julia
Mantor, Ethel Osgood, Alice Pease, Carrie
Strong, Feiicie Tanron, Edgar Collett, Justin
Mahoney, lasie Sisenvine, Eugene Smith,
Lawrence Walters, Charles Lorigan, Thomas
Vaughn, Sarah Leahy, Hattie Moynes, Susie
Fustlni, Julius Borkman, Harry Flageollet,
Gus Christensen. Joseph Hart, Frank Lynch,
Harry Lukes. Walter Nicholson, Ernesto Heri,
Leslie Reynolds, Harry Ringwood, Edgar
Walker, Kate Warner, Edwin Davis.
EVERETT SCHOOL GRADUATES.
The following named children were
graduated from the Everett Primary:
Ethel Crowe, Maud Pollexfew, Nellie Shea,
Clara Koth, Frank Uhlenkamp. Josie Lawley,
Alma colestock, Mollie Irwin, Arthur Moore,
Loleta Stone, Walter AUridge, Edward Riggs,
Francis Mogaj, Will Nicol, Will Olsen. Warren
Reed, Thomas Skelly, Warren Wollweber;
Mabel Andrews, Alice Anderson, Blanche
Barker, Anna Colletta, Eleanor Drew, Agnes
Flanigan, Edith Helms, Annie Jackson, Nina
Monaco.
GRADCATES OF THE LE CONTE.
The list of the graduates of the Le Conte
Primary is as follows:
Alfred Xordwell, Julia Fass, Ernest Delbos,
Willie Eyerman, Leslie Stadtield, Willie Werner,
Albert Fick, Sophie Levy, Michael Hughes,
Hannah Akabane, Vincensa Milani, Blanche
Bigne, Krtiiik Spaelti, Arthur Gillet, Bessie Mc-
Kenzie, Walter Gaestel, Raymond Yelps, Lilly
Hart wigsen, Chester Lynch, Mario Rocea, Peter
Candioto, Aiulio Couertini, Gertie Dusserre.
BCENA VISTA AND SOITTH EXD.
At the Buena Vista Primary the gradu
ates were:
Gussie Hougard, John Kennedy, Bertha Bar
lowe, Alice Arnold, Vida Campbell, Willie Att
howe, Annie Atthowe, Walter Warnholz, Hans
Hansen, Gertie Norton, EAa Peck.
At the South End Primary School di
plomas of graduation were presented to
the following:
Alice Ervin, Lena Kruse, Alice Kenny, Teysie
Leech, Gussie Schilling, Etta Tessraer, Taomas
O'Day.
CLEVELAND GRADUATES.
Following is the list of the graduates
from the Cleveland Primary School:
Lionel Perry, Emma Cella. Edmond Bron
nan, May Ktennn, Jessie Grant, Rosie So tirade,
LoniS Renna, George Homer, lohn Perry, John
Dunne, John Carroll, George Astin, Otto Koch,
Charles Ehru, Frank Rudv, Philip Ossmmin,
Alexander Stcele, drover Forsberg. E. Bohneu
berger, Edward Simmons. Frank Kmiter, Rob
ert McGrorey, William Armstrong, Hurry
Haley, Tillie Erb, Annie Andersen, Minnie
Bootn, Mary O'Brien, Maggie Horan, Rachel
Goldstein, Mac Lynch, Rae Ward, Dora OfTer
mann, Beatrice Giiligan, Alexina Wells, Eva
Broderick, Annie Ryan.
James Lick Graduates.
At the James Lick Grammar School di
plomas of graduation and medals were
awarded to Herbert Hewelcke, Kittie Mc-
Cormick, Winnie de Winton, Edna Forbes,
Gay Spencer, Millie Schmitt, Ethel Wa
brette, Martha Giaser and Emma Keenv.
MORE FRUIT NEEDED.
Manager Filclmr Asks Thiit the Ex-
liil.n Be Replenished.
Manager Filcher of the State Board of
Trade is forwarding a copy of the follow
ing letter to the different fruit sections of
the State:
It is very important that our fruit exhibit
should be thoroughly replenished during the
present fruit season. As we have no means of
setting fruit except through the efforts of our
respective representatives I ask you as a spe
cial favor and as a duty which you owe to the
boiird as the representative from your county
to see that we are supplied with shipments of
the different varieties of fruit in their season.
Apricots should be looked after right now;
% The Blue and the Gray. '-£
Both men and women are apt to feel a little ||§|
#blue, when the gray hairs begin to show. It's g^\
a very natural feeling. , In the normal condition liP
mm of things gray hairs belong to advanced age. ||||
/^, They have no business whitening the head of /N\
man or woman, who has not begun to go
|||| down the slope of life. As a matter of fact, (ff|l
#the hair turns gray regardless of age, or of /N\
sUP life's seasons ; sometimes it is whitened by l||!
|||| sickness, but more often from lack of care. ||p|
When the hair fades or turns gray there's no
\|§P need to resort to hair dyes. The normal color tj§|/
111 l of the hair is restored and retained by the use of oj^h
O Ayer's Hair Vigor. #
\^32' Ayer'« Curebook, "a story of cures told by the cured." V^p/
,^{% ioo pages, free. J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass. /f^\
and plums, prunes, peaches, pears, nectarines,
etc., should be sent in their season. It is
hardly necessary to say to you that only the
best and soundest of the ditterent varieties is
desirable for our purposes.
Trusting you will give this matter your at
tention and see that we have supplies of fruit
from your locality to thoroughly replenish
and freshen your exhibit, etc.
MARRIED BY A JUDGE.
Sequel of (he Alameda Elopement of
Annie franc- is and Edward
Caldwell.
Edward Caldwell and Annie Francis
were married yesterday in the office of
District Attorney Barnes under circum
stances dramatic enough to satisfy the
most exacting lover of sensation. Cald
well was arre-ted on May 2'i last on a
charge of having abducted the eirl who
IrraHorllofJiily!
Crackers and Skyrockets
FpR EVERYBODY.
LARGEST SELECTION !
BEST QUALITY !
LOWEST PRICES !
Torpedoes, Firecrackers. Pistols,
Caps, Balloons, Cartridges, Cannon,
Paper Caps, Guns, Pinivhecls,
Roman Candles. Skyrockets,
Lanterns, Bunting j
——AN
FLAGS AND DECORATING MATERIAL
OF ALL KINDS.
, \ T SO
ASOORTED GASES
OF FIREWORKS !
Put up expressly for family use,
containing from 1 50 10 500 pieces,
At $1, $2, $3.50 an 1 $5 per Case.
Note— delivered free of charge In Mansv
)!to, Blithedalp, Mill Valley, Tiburon, Antioch.Sau
Hafael, Stockton. Hay wards, Vallejo, Xapa, San I
Lorenzo, .Melrose, San Leandro. Oakland, ■ Ala- ;
!u"l t anil Berkeley.
Ride
A »
I Monarch J
I a.\» KEEP IS FROST! I
I Monarch Cycle Mfg. Co., 1
I 3 AND 5 FRONT ST., I
H SAN FRANCISCO. i
I CHAS. BROWN & SON, 807 Market
Street, Agent. 5
C. F. SALOMONSON & CO., Twelfth
and Franklin, Oakland, Agent.
AIL LATHE. WORK^^i^ii^Faß TWO Y2ARS.
A.L.BANCROFT & CO. 324- POST ST.S.E j
' y-yteg&gg&SPji FIFTY-DOLLAR
|pIIfI§|ELECTRIC BELTS |
" for s "-'°- RIIU * 30 Belts
i V^^s > i#jH^4> 1 f? ; -* - for $18: als«'ood bells fi.r
•n^iff rVvV-'- 1 * 6- Latest i aieut and ail I
\. <Tlsl£ Improvements. K3~ Call
*£"?■•? or write for new pamphlet
. • V^* No. 2. Aildress DX.
■ PIERCE <fc SON, 704 Sacramento st,, cor. Kearuy, |
second, third and fourth Hours, .San Francisco.
NEW TO-DAY.
yesterday became hi^ bride, and since that
date has been confined in the County
Jail.
Both lived in Alameda, and when one
day the j.-irl, who is but 18, disappeared
Caklwell was at once suspected of baying
a bund in it, and was taken into enstody
on the complaint oi Miss Francis' father.
She was in his company when arrested,
and was lockrd up us :i '.sit nt-ss. '1 he
parents of both were at first opposed to a
marriage, but finally agreed that this waa
the only course and gave their consent.
Judge Belcher was aeKed to officiate,
and, surrounded by a crowd of male ana
female friend?, they were united. The
bride's mother fainted when her daughter
was pronounced the wife of Caldwell.
In Australia horses and cattle are now
being branded by electricity from storage
batteries. Tte temperature is uniform and
the brand safe and artistic.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,
June 23 and 24, 1898,
At 10 o'clock a. m. of each day, at
MISS ILC^IR/Y- LAKE'S
SCHOOL,
S. E. Corner of Slitter and Octavia Sts.,
THE ELEGANT AND ELABORATE
Drawing-Room; Reception - Room,
Library, Music-Room, Dining-
Room and Chamber
rUKluluiui
BY CATALjOQUB.
COMPUISINO IN PAP.T,
10 Concert Grand, Upright and Sauare Pinnos—
Stelnway,- Chickering. Decker, Weber, Rosener
anrt Light it Co.'s makes; Rich and Elegantly Up-
holstered Sofas, Arm ana Easy Chairs, Lounges,
Patent Uockera, Reception Chairs, etc. ; Solid dale
Reception, Booking ami Patent Rocking Chairs;
Solid Oak, Walnut ann .Ebony Bookcases, Cabi-
nets and Mnslc-Stan !•: Elaborate Carved Solid
Oak Bedsteads, Bureaus and Chiffoniers; 25 Oak
Chamber s is: Hair Spring Mattresses; Rich Glaco
Armoiris: Masniticent Gold Frame Mirror; Mag-
nificent Oak Sideboard and Hat Tree: Dining-
Tables; Butler's Sideboard: Vienna Bentwood
Chairs: Onyx and Ebony Pedestals; Bronze Man-
tel-Clock; Elegant Brlc-a-Brac; Klegant Engrav-
ings and Etchings: Japanese Plaques: China,
Glassware and Plated Ware; Elegant Lambre-
quins and Lace Curtains and Cornices. Also . ' ) ;
Tim Contents of the Gymnasium and
Sell I rooms,'
COMPRISING
SO Sets Pulley Lifts, 75 Sets Indian Clubs, 100
Sets Dumbbells: Vi Circle Foils, Masks and Pads;
Hand-cmc Platform Scales: Rich Books, Charts,
etc.; 2f>o Scbool Desks, assorted sizes; 12 Teach-
ers' Desks, and an endless variety of articles for'
school purposes.
Residence open for inspection on Monday, June'
22, 1896, from 9 o'clock a. m. until 5 o'clock p. m.
Catalogues at residence on Monday and at our
office. , ■
Remember the hour of the sale, at 10 o'clock
A. V.
Auction sale Tuesday and Wednesday. June
23 and '24, 1896.
EASTON, KLDRIDGE * CO..
Auctioneers.
Office, 638 Market Street.
Illuminated :
TkinjQ For " ToWo>> J
M JCLL Watches ♦
"♦
I College Colors ♦
X enameled on silver and X
♦ gold plates — very rich X
X and very serviceable. J
X Especially appropriate X
X on watches given as X
X trophies. Made only for J
♦ the thin model "Tuxedo" J
X Not very high-priced. $,'
♦ Fine line now ready! X
% THE WATERBURT WATCH CO. +'
♦ New Office in the Mills Building: ♦
«>■ San Francisco, Cal. >
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
for ' ; ;|i
a Fine Taiiorisig
Xs? Perfect Fit. Best ol Workmanship at
j^fSW Moderate Piices, go to
tF.ne Tailoring
Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Pi ices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
/ra|| PANTS made to infer from $4. 0S .
Mm SUITS made to order from $15.60
Ijj |J MY $17.50 and $35 SUITS
<Vi 4ir^^ 20' and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bus)
724 Market St. 1110 1112 Marks! St.
SAN FRANCISCO.
■WSJ! Dr. Hall's Rpinvigorator
*ji^3|^E»tops all losses in '_'+ "hours. Restore*
KJSm 883 Manhood, Enlarges Small Organs,
g ■•- _ '. - cures Emissions. lmpo:ency, Varlco-
Kj3p| BU 1 '"!' 1 . (Hen. Fits, strictures and all
fiWi Tfll wasting effects of Sdf-Abn.se or Ex-
UoUl Jt*iL ctssps. Sent s ill -d. $2- per bottl<\
]r-^ KsH I'UKEE BOTTLES, *5; guaranty*
UdtOl^lo cure any cas<\ . ■•■ :
UK. HALL'S MKDIOAL INSTITUTE,
855 Broadway, Oakland Cal. ■ '
All prlvftie diseases quickly cured. Send for boon.
78
THE McKINLEY
FIRST NIGHT
Continued from First Page.
Republican Club, "Means Protection to
American Industry."
The Montezuma Club, the Thirty-fourth
District Club, the Young Men's Repub
lican Club of Cow Hollow and the Repub
lican Executive Council also attracted at
iention by their enthusiasm and the
strength of their numbers.
Behind the Union League Club's big
transparency, which proclaimed for Mc-
Kinley and Hobart, was another on which
was the motto, "One God and One Coun
tty."
The Fremont Club paid a glowing tri
bute to a well-known Republican in these
words: "Our choice for Congress, the
ti.ver-tongued orator T. B. O'Brien."
At the head of the Presidio Heights
Republican Club was the announcement
in large letters, "Here we are," which
statement was decidedly well put for the
line extended the length of a block, four
«t They each carried flags, lanterns
and Koman candles.
•The Sun is Setting on Grey Gables"
and "California is Solid for McKinley"
were the inscriptions carried at the head
of the Thirty-fifth Assembly District Re
publican Club. This body suggested the
idea of better times under a Republican
administration by the statement that
"The goose that laid the golden egg is on
the nest." One of this club's members
made a lively drive in the poetical line
and this was the result:
Grover, (.rover, where'B the clover
XbatyOfl promised us of yore?
Ail is done and all is over.
Quoth our Grover, Nevermore.
"Protection at the Start" was a trans
parency carried by the Young Men's Re
publican Club, and the thought was car
ried out by a racing scene which repre-
Bentei several horses on a race-track
starting in a contest neck and neck.
The second division of the same organiza
tion earned the name, "Young Men's Re
publican Club of Cow Hollow."
There was one well-dressed, smart-step
ping body tnat drew out cheers all along
the lire. It was the colored Republicans'
organization and it marched under the
banner, "Republican Executive Council."
Underneath this inscription was the mod
est demand, "Equal opportunity is all we
ask." The men all carried flags and
torches.
From the time the procession started
until the last man was in the Pavilion
-Market street was a lively place. There
were not a few comical incidents and situ
ations. As usual the small boy was very
much in evidence and every lamp-post
end telegraph pole along the route was
decorated with juveniles. Lotta's foun
tain bore up a very heavy load of young-
He rs.
Toe high fence surrounding the site of
the new Call building presented an un
broken line of roosting newsboys.
unfortunate little chap on O'Farrell
and Market streets lost his coat, which
was nearly burned off l.is back by a fire
ball landing unnoticed in his pocket.
Among the prominent figures in the
Howard Club's division was Police Judge
Campbell, whose attention was equally di
vided between his feet aud his long flow
inn; whiskers. Hereafter his Honor will
liave for his mottos "Re pave Market
ttreet" and "Protection to corns."
When not looking for a soft place to put
down his judicial foot Judge Campbell
was guarding against having a conflagra
in his hair. All along the line
Roman candles, balls and sparks were fly
ing, and many passed so close to t:ie
J ndge'a face that he was in apparent con- j
stant dread of a case of combustion. As it !
was he put out several incipient fires on i
hirt front before the march was over, j
]t was with a sigh of relief that Judge
Campbell entered the Pavilion and shook
the cinders out of his whiskers.
The display of fireworks at the Repub- i
lican headquarters. 850 Market street, was !
in charge of Mr. Berliner, who kept two '
sots of men hu-y keeping things brilliant, j
Rockets and Roman candles were burned ;
by the score, and red, white and blue fire j
by the nundreds of pounds. The platform j
on the street was under the care of John
L. Fcrren, and the fireworks from the top
of the building were attended to by George
A. Donoghue, who displayed the highest
skill and ability in the handling of the
tame.
The McKinley Club of the Forty-first
District*, the original McKinley Club of
California, was in line with its band. The
executive committee, consisting of A.
Hauser, C. H. Fehnemann, J. C. Steven
son, William McCarthy, Captain J. C.
Daly, Captain C. Hogan, Edward Pogue
and Eli WilKinson, rode in carriages hand-
Bomeiy decorated.
Of the clubs la the parade, special notice
was taken of the Ocean View Republican
Club, Thirty-sixth District, under the mar
shr.Khip of M. F. Taylor. Considering the
long distance it had to cover before reach
ing the place of rendezvous, its merabeis
turned ont in notable numbers.
SHORT SPEECHES.
A Battalion of Orators Followed
One Another In Cry'.nir
"Godspeed."
J. M. Chretien, chairman of the State
Central Committee, was introduced amid
loud applause. He t aid : "It is the inten
tion of the committee in charge not to
have long addresses, but terse, brief re
marks abont the important issues of the
campaign. Besides the important sub
jects of tariff and protection we must re
member that there is another issue before
vs. We must remember that California is
and has been a Golden State. I now take
great pleasure in introducing to you the
chairman of the evening, Hon. George C.
Perkins."
Senator Perkins arose, and. after the ap
plause which greeted him had subsided,
paid:
"If there is any one period in our lives
when the heart is thrilled with patriotic
ardor it is wnen we hold a great political
meeting, or right after the close of a great
political convention.
"Your delegates have just assembled in
a great convention and on the anniversary
of the battle of Bunker Hill they again
placed before the people those grand old
Republican principles which began with
Abraham Lincoln and were added to and
broadened by a long list of illustrious suc
cessors.
"Their next move was to place before
the people that great and glorious man —
the unanimous choice of the people—Wil
liam McKinle>'. [Great applause.]
"We are here to-night to ratify that
choice, and on tbe streets are thousands
more who are shouting themselves hoarse
and burning bonfires to show their gratifi
cation.
"Fellow citizens, it is well. Tbe people
have spoken, and the voice of the people
is the voice of Go<l.
"Look at the record of this nian, both in
Senator George C. Perkins, One of the Principal Speakers During the Ratification Meeting at the
Pavilion.
Congress and as the Governor of his native
State. His is a record of wnich any man
living might well be proud." [Prolonged
applause.]
"Your enthusiasm is full of demonstra
tion," he said, "that not only are your
hearts in sympathy with McKinley's nom
ination, but that when the proper time
arrives you will cast your ballots for him
and insure us surcease from the dull timo?
and business stagnation inaugurated by
the Democrats at the beginning of their
last term in office."
Hon. Irving M. Scott was introduced,
and when the applause which greeted Mr.
Scott had subsided he proceeded :
"We are not here to-night to make any
arguments. I come here representing the
manufacturing interests of this City to
exult in the fact that the sun of prosperity
is rising at last."
The speaker was here interrupted by the
arrival of the Howard Republican Club,
headed by a band and Judge Campbell,
with flowing whiskers and silky tile, wav
ing an American flag. Cheers were given
for everybody from McKinley to the
youngest San Francisco Republican.
When at last the excitement had sub
sided Mr. Scott resumed.
"Never since we nominated Abraham
Lincoln," he said, "have we entered upon a \
campaign with such hope of big things to i
be done. The man whom we have cho: ; en
belongs to no corporations, does not cut
his own coupons. If you come to the sup
port of McKinley and set the wheels of
industry in motion we can look forward
again to unexampled prosperity. With
the Oregon on the water, with Perkins in
the Senate, and McKinley in the Presi- j
dential chair we have nothing to fear. I
ask you to rally about our candidate next
November and give an overwhelming ma
jority for protection to American manu
factures and industries.
"I now take great pleasure in introduc
ing to you the able exponent of protec
tion, the gentleman who has so ably rep
resented you in Congress for the past
tnree terras, Eugene F. Loud."
"Talking upon this occasion," began
Loud, "is wholly unnecessary. Whateve r
may have been our preference personally
fora nominee, the people of the United
States have risen en masse and declared
their desire for a leader in the person of
that standard-bearer of protection, Wiiliam
McKinley.
"All that remains for me to say is, Go
forward to the polls and do your duty.
Then peace and harmony will reign.
" And the nlßht utmll be filled with mnsic,
And the cares that infest the day
Shnll fold their tents Ukfl the Abraba
And as silently steal away."
At the conclusion of Congressman
Loud's address Senator Perkins made a
brief speech introducing the Hon. M. M.
Estee.
"i am not here to represent the manu
facturing interests or any particular
branch of industry," said Estee. "I repre
sent the boys of this campaign. I prophesy
that we boys are going to elect a Repub
lican President in next November and
that President shall be William McKinley.
I want to say to you that the Republican
party of California ought to fee proud of
this glorious demonstration of the San
Francisco Republicans."
Miss Susan B. Anthony was then intro
duced by Benntor Perkins in a few opt
words, la which he felicitously termed her
"the grand old warrior v.iio has battled so
oravely for her sex,"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, .TUNE 31, 189 G.
Miss Anthony was greeted with a great
burst of applause.
"It was left for the Republican party to
sweep away the race line that violated re
publican principles, and now it has been
again left to the Republican party to sweep
away tbe sex line," she said. "And it has
remained for Columbia's fairest daughter,
California, to take the greatest step in this
grand movement for the enfranchisement
of woman.
"I come here as a representative of the
women of California, the Native Daugh
ters of the glorious Golden State. The
very fact that your State Central Com
mittee has invited a woman to speak from
this platform shows that the party is in
earnest in its endeavors to give equal
rights to all, irrespective of race or sex."
After Mis** Anthony had finished, Julius
Kahn denounced, in ringing terms. Demo
cratic misrule and the much-promised
Democratic "campaign of education."
Mr. Kahn was followed by Judge
Cooney, who attacked vigorously the cul
pable mistakes in the Democratic finan
cial policy and paid a glowing tribute to
the Republican candidate.
Colonel Eddy, president of the Phcenix
Republican Club, followed with a rousing
oration, in which he said that if McKin
ley is a poor man it is because he has
chosen to be honest, and that as sure as
the sun vail rise and set on the 7th of
November next the news will come from
the North, the East, the South and the
West that McKinley is elected to the
higiieet ofiice in the gift of tbe Nation.
The Knickerbocker Quartet rendered
"We'il Vote for the Boy of the Buckeye
State," which had been composed for the
occasion by Major C. W. Kyle. Major
Kyle followed the song with the following
stirring words:
"The thought of the hour is McKinley
and protection. From the palmetto to the
pine, from the St. Lawrence to the Rio
Grande, from surf to surf the voice of the
people is raised in glad and united ac
M. M. ESTEE, WHO CHAMPIONS TUE CAUSE OF PROTECTION,
claim ratifying the nomination of McKin
ley and Jlobart, whose names stand for
protection and prosperity.
"Protection means McKinley and Mc-
Kinley means protection. Protection
me?ns prosperity; it means the elevation
of labor; the revival of American indus
tries; the stimulation of American com
merce; the enforcement of the Monroe
doctrine; reciprocity with the Latin-
American Union; the upbuilding, the ce
menting and the preservation in America
of a higher, broader, purer, stronger and
more enlightened civilization than the
world can elsewhere know.
The nation that by wise enactment Dro
vides for the emplovrnent of its labor can
raise a larger army of better men than it
is possible for any country whose labor is
less employed.
Protection shall have sway. The people
demand it; the country requires it. The
supreme hour for its adoption is at hand.
Behold the flag ! It represents the hope of
the world. It guarantees to all a liberty
as sweet and sure a3 the very air which it
redeems by its presence. Look upon its
gorgeous stripes — its royal field of blue
its glittering stars.
Do you not see a picture there? No?
Look again, for I see it clearly; I see a
man writing. He is writing with a pen
formed of the quill of an American eagle,
shot from its pinions as it took its course
through the fields of light toward the sun.
As he writes his brain is inspired by
eternal truth, and his heart is fortified by
the supreme courage of conviction. What
is he writing? He is writing the great
magna charta of liberty. Look closely. I
can see the words — I read, "When in the
course of human events — "
I see another man writing. He is
writing the liberation of the industrial
classes of America. He hears the shouts
of the millions as they cheer him on in
his great battle for the enfranchisement
of American labor. Strong, vigorous,
active, valiant, patriotic and firm, he
writes the glad battle-cry of the people—
"Protection to American industries!"
W. E. Henderson followed with an elo
quent encomium upon the champion of
protection. He pledged the loyalty of the
negro to the party that had freed him
from slavery.
A. E. Branch in an enthusiastic speech
predicted the overwhelming success of the
grand old party next November.
Ex- Assemblyman Frank Powers called
np the memory of James G. Blame as a
companion picture for Wnham McKinley.
Chairman Perkins introduced Edward
Sweeney, who convulsed the audience
with a skillfully rendered Irish-dialect ac
count of McKinley taking possession of
the White House. After the laughter had
subsided Colonel Roberts was introduced
by the chairman.
Colonel Roberts began with a humor
ous anecdote of a little girl who had been
sick. She had been fed en broth and
other so-called nourishing foods, he said,
until she was tired, and finally flatly re
fused to take any more nourishment.
"I am sick of nourishment and I want
some food," she said.
"So it 5s with us. We are tired of nour
ishment as it is administered to us by
Cleveland, and want some food. Next
November we will get it."
The meeting broke up with a rousing
three cheers for McKinley and the Repub
lican party.
AT THE PAVILION.
Cheers Reverberated to the Echo
and the Flags Flew.
This is the year of the people and of the
Republican party !
Like the pnenix the Republican party
never dies. In heat or cold, success or de
feat, it arises with the bugle of protection
and prosperity echoing in the front rank.
The local parade entered Mechanics'
Pavilion last night under a bread canopy.
The arch of the entrance was illuminated
with red fire and the cheering legions
marched in with all the enthusiasm that
ancient Romans entered their triumphal
arches. It was such enthusiasm as fore
tells victory. Bonfires made the pathway
bright and roushing cheers enthused the
marching thousands to a proud and confi
dent tread.
Inside they marched around and around
the arena. Brass bands played patriotic
airs, and the hats an J handkerchiefs that
were continually in the air were almost
countless. The canopy of red fire under
which the procession had made the en
trance had died away, but that which took
its place was a cheer and shout, which
spread over the assembled Republicans
from the entrance to the last seat in the
gallery with the rapidity of a prairie fire.
Senator Perkins, the chairman, attempt
ed to speak, but three times ins voice was
drowned by the enthusiasm of the crowd.
Crcsar never had a more noble or enthu
siastic entrance into Rome, and the heart
of Antony, even in the presence of Egypt's
Queen, was not thrilled more. Around and
thrice around the McKinley legions
marched. Nearly every mother's son of
patriotism, prosperity and protection had
a flag which he waved, and wherever he
uplifted his eyes he saw a sky of revolving
flags in red, white and blue. The stars and
stripes, protection, patriotism and enthu
siasm were the keys that touched the
magnificent assemblage of 7000 people into
a shout for McKinley in one harmonious
and reverberating chord.
On the left of the hall sat the Woman's
Republican Club. On the right were hon
ored guests. In the center, on an elevated
platform, were the chairman, Senator Per
kins, and many vice-presidents. Opposite
was a brass band which wasted no min
utes in discoursing "America, "Yankee
Doodle" and "Marching Through
Georgia." With eacli tone of these fa
miliar ar.d patriotic airs the vast audience
arose and cheered en masse the man of
Canton, who is no less a Napoleon of
party, politics and people than the man
who astonished the world less than he
did Italy by scaling tue Alps with his
army.
In the parade which encircled the hall
were such illuminations as these:
"Oce God, one country, one McKinley."
"Patriotism, protection prosperity."
"Threa cheers for McKinley."
When one of the finely illuminated Mc-
Kinley banners came before the Speaker's
stand Senator Perkins proposed three
cheers for the man of Canton. They were
given with a fervor that filled the hall
to the echo.
One of the conspicuous features of the
arena march was the ATro-American
League with its 350 enthusiastic faces
beaming with McKinleyism. The officers
were up in front under their illuminated
banners, and a prouder or a more stately
step wr.s not noticed in the delegation.
An illuminated banner which brought
out the laughter &f ridicule from tlie crowd
was: "Orover, Dear Boy, How Is the Fish
ing?" Even the stately dignitaries on the
platform smiled.
As a tribute to I. M. Scott one of the
banners in the parade which circled before
the speakers' stand, with an interrogation
point after it, was. "What's the matter
with the Oregon?" Echo answered:
"Nothing," and it reverberated to the
rafters.
After a brief half hour of cheers, march
ing and shouts for the ticket, the crowded
pavilion settled down to listen to the
speeches. Conspicuous among the
paraders for their numbers, banners ana
enthusiasm were the Phoenix and the
Howard Republican clubs. With these
were County Clerk Curry and his assistant,
Harry Piper, who did so much toward or
ganizing the ratification.
Previous to the beginning of the speech
making a g!ee club sang "America" and
other patriotic songs.
Among the vice-presidents of the even
ing who occupied seats on the speakers'
platform and the two sections of chairs
that flanked the platform on the cast and
west were:
Hon. W. H. Beatty, Hon. T. B. McFar
land, Hon. Ralph C. Harrison, Hon. 0.
H. Oaroutte, Hon. F. W. Henshaw, Hon.
W. C. Van Fleet, Hon. George H. Bahrs,
Hon. Frank H. Kerrigan, Hon. H. C.
Widber, Hon. C. b. Tiiton, Dr. William J.
Hawkins, Hon. William Alvord, Hon.
George W. F. Cook, Ed W. Williams,
Emmet P. Barrett, Charles H. Hawley,
H. C. Henderson, Andrew W. Me-
Elroy, Charles A. Murdock. Henry T.
Scott, Thomas R. Kuox, F. W. Lees,
E. C. Hughes, Alfred Morgenstern,
A. B. Spreckcls, E. Houghey, Thomas
Denny, Hon. John D. Siebe, L. R.
Ellert, Hugo Herzer, Hon. James M.
Trout, Hon. J. C. B. Hebbard, Hon. John
Hunt, James H. Daly, Edward Scully,
N. H. Burnham, P. Eggers, W. S. Russell.
Thomas Bryant, John Durnin, Chris
Dunker, Thomas Gilruore, Charles M.
Shortiidge, W. W. Montague, William
Cluff, Thorp as D. Riordan, D. K. Mc-
Mullin, John L. Koster, C. F. Crocker,
Irvine; M. Scott, B. P. Flint, Charles
J. King, Harry Gray, ex-Governor
Pacheco, John Lachman, George H.
Williams, Hon. C. A. Low, Captain
J. A. Margo, Vernon Upton, F. S. Chad
bourne, J. F. Sheehan, M. M. Estee,
George T. Bromley, Hugh M. Burke, Honry
Marshall, Frank Reynolds, Robert A.
Friedrich, A, Gerberding, Al, 11. Weed,
William T. Kibbler, Amos Currier, L. C.
Louderback, George J. Strong, William R.
Jost. B. S. Hesseltine. D. B. Fleming, H.
W. Mathews, H. W. Fraser, D. C. Smith,
C. A. Fairall, J. C. Sharp, Sol Miller, M.S.
Torre--, G. S. Graham" Peter Lundquist,
Francis V. Bell, Benjamin L. McKinley,
Cornelius O'Connor, L. Pockwitz. N. Jes
sen, Frank Rooney. John H. Berg, A. B.
Treadwell, W. W. Davis, H. Kronberg, I.
S. Cohen, Edward M. Sweeney, Thomas
C Maher, C. W. Taber, Dr. W. H.
McLauehlin, Frank D. Worth, W. G.
Sharkev, S. C. Palmieri, J. E. Jewett,
Charles A. Hug, i>\ 8. Samuels, H. M.
Kuhn, H. S. Martin, C. Witzner, James
Gilleran, H. Benjamin, J. Erbe, H. Jack
son, W. Sharp, Felix Dugan, William
Page, P. Dcran, Dr. J. Colenian, W. H.
Powers, P. E. McCarthy, John F. Ahearn,
Thomas Duffy, Richard Spreckcls, An
drew Lange, John K. Heilman, Al H.
Cook, William Ballinger, James Symon,
Henry Lake, Jerry Lucy, Captain H.
P. Filgate, Nathan B. Welby, James Ar
cher, John Cullen, R. W. Htilman,
Thomas Prendergast, Henry Wynne,
Jarne3 Keller, Charles Brown, D. P.
Wetherbee, Frank ilasmussen, Frederick
Rothtrauger, M.S. Harloe, Dr. Partridge,
Thomas Butterworth, John Rider, Cap
tain George A. Raabe, Thomas Quinn, B.
Madison. B. Hendrickson, F. Mitchell, L.
Hadden, C. B. Griffith, H. V. P. Deming,
John D. Daly, J. T. Dare, I. H. Thorns
son, V. F. Northrup, C. M. Depew, R. H.
Stafford, C. L. Hedemark, R. H. War field,
Ambrose N. Watson, S. W. Backus, M. J.
Flynn, George H. Andrews, Louis Mailer,
Charles W. Kinsman, R. \V. Roberts, S.
IT. Bufford, Hon. C. L. Taylor, A. S? Hal
ladie, L. P. McCarthy, Edward D. Sweeney
and G. C. Groezinger.
Many had wives or lady friends with
them who applauded the musical and ora
torical efforts enthusiastically.
Particularly pleasing to the audience
seemed to be the "Bill McKinley's Bill"
song that was rendered by a quartet, con
sisting of D. M. Lawresceand R. P. Evans,
tenors, and D. B. Crane and L. A. Larsen,
bassos. The last stanza and chorus ran as
follows:
Labor 19 Uing by right divine, and shall hereafter
rule;
The workman kDOws the ballot is his most ef-
fectfve too!.
And lie will cast it gladly the Cobden Club to kill,
He knows Ms only weapon is Bill McKinley'a
bill.
CHORrs.
We'll vote for the Boy of the Burkeye State,
Hurrah! Hurrah! Hurrah!
We'll vote for the Boy of the Buckeye State,
Protection shall have sway.
Into the ccau deep we'll dump the free trade
crew:
We're fighting for our industries andforMcKin
ley too
The Woman's Republican State Central
Club was strictly in evidence, being rep
resented by Addie L. Hallou, Mrs. Emma
Gregory and other prominent members.
MRS. CRAVEN IN
A DRAMATIC ROLE.
Served With a Subpena in
the Palace Hotel
Corridor.
The Document Thrown to the Ground
acd the Server Threatened
With Arrest.
Events, portentous and dramatic, char
acterized the developments in the matter
already famous, though but of two days'
erowth, as the case of the Craven deeds.
Portentous in that they are the pre
liminary steps to bringing to an issue one
of the most important phases of the great
Fair will controversy; dramatic by reason
of the exciting incident that was enacted
in the corridor of the Palace Hotel when
an attempt was made to serve a subpena
on Mrs. Craven, ordering among other
things that she produce in Judge Slack's
court on Monday evening the two deeds
that were placed on record Friday.
Of all the attorneys connected with the
Fair will case only Reuben H. Lioyd,
representing the interests of Mrs. Oelrichs
and Miss Virginia Fair, and Charles J.
Heggerty of Knight <k, Heggerty, repre
senting Charles Fair, were in town yester
day. There was a consultation between
the two attorneys, and then, as a matter of
protection to all interested under the wills
now under adjudication, it was determined
to take prompt measures to test the
validity of the Craven deeds, whereby
11.250,000 worth of real property of the
Fair estat a purported to have been con
veyed to Mrs. Nettie Craven by Senator
James G. .fair about three months before
his death.
Mr. Lloyd was busy on the Baldwin-
Ashley case, so Mr. Heggerty proceeded
alone to Judge Slack's courtroom and
moved the court to issue forthwith an
order commanding Mrs. Craven to pro
duce the two deed.i and all other docu
ments, papers, books, written wholly or in
part by the deceased millionaire.
This the court did at noon, and about
three hours later the following document
was served, so it is claimed by Mr, Heg
gerty, on Mrs. Craven :
In the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. Btnte of California.
In the mutter of the estate of James G. Fair,
deceased.
In the matter of the contest of Charles L. Fair
to the document herein filed of date September
24, 1 O±, and propounded by Marc Levingston
as the lust will of said deceased.
The people of the State of California send
greeting to Nettie It. craven.
We command you, that all and singular bnsi
uess ami excuses being laidustde you appear
and attend before the undersigned, Charles
\V. Slack, one of me Judges of the above men
tioned court, at the courtroom of Department
10 of the above mentioned court, in the new
City Hall in the City and County of Ban Fran
cisco, on the 2-d day of June, 1896, at 7:30
r. m., then and thore to testify in the above en
titled proceeding now pending in the
said Superior Court on the part of
the contestant, and that you bring with you
and produce then and there nil ho. >k«, papers
and writings of every tieture rid kind exe
cuted or written, in «M( OI i:; irr, r>y James
G. Fair, deceased, whicli are now la your cus
tody; an«J particularly, thut you have then
and there with you two certain deeds, purport
ing to have been executed by said James G.
Fair, deceased, on the Bth day of September,
189-i, and alleged to have been acknowledged
by him before J. J. Cooney, a notary pubiio in
niid for the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, on the 27tli day of Septem
ber, 1894, whif*h two deeds were filed lor rec
ord and recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of the City and County of San Fran
cisco. Sta'e of California, on the 19th day of
June, 1890.
In witness whereof, the undesigned has
caused these presents to be signed at the City
and County of San Francisco, Stale of Califor
nia, on thh, the -Oth day of June, 1896.
CHARLES W. SLACK,
Judjre of the Superior Court In and for the
City and County of San Francisco, State of
California.
According to Mrs. Craven the serving of
this paper in a public place like the cor
ridor of the Palare Hotel was unneces
sary, as she states that ■she was not then v
had not been and is not now endeavoring
to avoid service of papers or any person or
persons. This is Mrs. Craven's version of
the occurrence:
"I had entered the Market-street en
trance of the Palace Hotel and had
stopped at the news-stand, a few feet in
side the corridor, when a man without any
preliminary warning jammed a paper
under my arm, between my coat and my
waist, the former being open. I did not
know what he was after, and his actions
were so ungentlemanly, not to say rough,
that I did not know but my life was be ng
threatened. The paper was rolled up and
there was nothing abont it to indicate to
me that it was a legal document.
"1 of course threw the paper on the floor
in my excitement. After he had shoved
the paper at me he exclaimed: 'You are
Mrs. Craven. I know yon.'
"I said: 'lam not Mrs. Craven,' under
the impulse of the moment, as I feared ha
was meditating harm against me. I have
had some queer experiences of late, and
they have tended to make me nervous and
fearsome of strangers."
Mrs. Craveu, when asked what she pro
posed to do in regard to answering the
subpena, said :
"I have not seen any subpena and do
not know that I have "been served with
one. Ido not know what all the trouble
is about and I do not propose to rind oui,
either. Let them come here and serve me
properly. lam not running away."
"Have you any objection to giving a
history of'tbose deeds so far as you know
it?" was asked.
"That is something my attorneys have
instructed me not to talk about," replied
Mrs. Craven.
"Have you ever collected or attempted
to collect the rents from the tenants of the
properties mentioned in the two deeds?"
"No, sir."
"Why?"
"That i.s a matter my attorneys, Short
ridge & Delmas, have said I was to say
nothing about. All the rent of those prop
erties for nearly twenty-one months ta
now due me, which I can collect and
which I will. This is no surprise to the
Fair attorneys. They have known of this
from the very beginning of the Fair caso.
"I want to'say this further: The reason
that the deeds were not left at the Record
er's office was not that I was afraid of the
genuineness of them, but 1 did not want
to take any chances of having them stolen
or mutilated. I wanted to have them kept
where they could be produced at any time.
1 am willing to iet any unbiased and prop
erly qualified person see them and judge
of them."
She concluded by saying: "I don't
know ■where they are at tne present time,
and I don't want to know. I have no
papers of any Kind connected with the
Fair case now in my possession.
"Shall you appear in court, as ordered in
the subpena?" was then asked.
"I shall act according to the instruc
tions of my attorneys. But I nave no ob
jections to appearing at any time, even
without being subpenaed."
Another version of the service of th«
subpena is given by the gentleman who
performed that task. He alleges that h»
began reading the original to Mrs. Craven
when she attempted to walk away. He
then placed a copy of it under Mrs. Cra
ven's arm, saying: "I know you; you are
Mrs. Craven."
He alleges that Mrs. Craven denied her
identity, threw the subpena on the floor,
and that then Miss Craven threatened to
call the police and have him arrested.
The disowned «übpena is now in posses
sion of Mr. Wilbur, the owner of the news
stand, who says he will not surrender it to
any one but" the Jady who dropped it —
meaning Mrs. Craven. Mrs. Craven,
when informed of this, says she did not
lose it and had no longing for its possession.
Uamaged Oft the Tidal Wave.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 20.— The steamer
Maude, which arrived to-day from the
West Coast, brings word that the tidal wave
which was reported last week did consid
erable damage all along the West Coast.
No lives were lost.
HE VOUCHED FOR IT.
Mr. Jaccard Jtands by Mis Letter
Published in the Sunday Papers.
When one reads in the papers from day
to day of the wonderful cures that are
claimed to have been made by some one
of the many advertised remedies it arouses
a feeling of incredulity, for we know that
if these many "cure-ails" would do one
tenth of what is claimed for them they
would in time throw the regular practi
tioner out of a job — then there would be
; no more use for him.
It is amusing sometimes to read of some
| respectable, and often very well-known
I man, who permits his name, and may bo
I his portrait, to be used to boom a remedy
■ which is said to have cured him of a life
; long disease. The other day there was
! printed in the San Francisco morning
! papers a double-column advertisement
] with a picture of a weil-known jeweler of
1 San Leandro, and a letter purporting to
be from the said jeweler describing his
wonderful cure of a weakness and vari
cocele of twenty-six years' standing by an
electric belt.
Such stones have appeared so fre
quently of late, given out by this same
electric - belt firm, making wonderful
claims for their article, that, to satisfy
| himself as to their truth, a Bulletin re
| 1
L. L. JACCARD.
porter took the matter in hand and hunted
up the jeweler for the purpose of seeing
what there was in it.
The gentleman, whose name is Jaccard,
I was found in his store at San Leandro,
i and when approached on the subject of
' his cure by the electric belt game out
i lrom behind the counter and stood be
| fore his questioner in an attitude which
showed a remarkable development of
j manly physique. He looked like a Hercu
! les*, and would be the last man iii a thou
i sand to be picked out as a fit subject for an
I electric treatment. He was right 'to the
point when the object of his visitor's
presence was made known. His remarks
! left no doubt in the reporter's mind as
to tne value of electricity as a curative
agent.
"You see me now," said Mr. Jaccard;
"do 1 look like a sick man? I tell you I
am different from what I was two years
.as:o. i did use the Dr. Sanden Electric
ißelt, and believe that it has saved me
! from a lot of misery. For twenty-six
; years I was bothered with one of the worst
i forms of varicocele. I was weak. It was
simply draining my life from me. I tried
lots of treatments. The quacks grew rich
lon rue, but did not help me. I got this
Sanden Belt in 1394, ana used it for seven
months. At first 1 did not notice much
good from it, but after I had used it two
months the varicocele seemed to vanish
like magic, and I was born again— a new
man. I nave been growing stronger every
day since, and you will find very few men
at 50 who are more powerful. Yes, there
other treatment", but I believe in getting
the best when I am doctoring myself, and
I know Dr. Ssmden's Electric Belt is the
greatest invention for sick people."
Mr. Jaccard said a great deal more in
favor of Dr. Sanden'n Belt, and men
tioned the names of several other San
Leandro oltizens who bad enjoyed bene
fits from its use. He left no doubt in the
mind of the visitor that the value of this
remedy is too lightly appreciated by peo
ple who need it. When questioned as to
whether Dr. Sanden's Belt did as much as
was claimed for it he said: "Yes. sir, and
ten times more than they claim. You have
only to try it to feel yourself a new man in
mind and body."
. Mr. Jaccard is 50 years of age, weighs
210 pounds and measures 5 feet 9 inches.
j His ch3st measurement is 49 and his waist
38 inches.— Copied from the Bulletin of
I June 6.GOLD IN ITS
RELATIVE RATIO
Hilaire Belloc of Oxford
College Gives His
Views
STRONG MONOMETALLIST
Three Small but Important Eng
lish Classes Favor
Silver.
BUT NEVEK IXPECT 16 TO L
He Thinks That Equal Coinage Would
Drive the Yellow Metal Out
of This Country.
Hilaire Bellcc, a university extension
lecturer of Oxford University, England,
who was invited to this country by the
American Society fcr the Extension of
Ililaire Belloc, the University Lecturer From Oxford College, England, Who 19 a
Strong Monomctallist.
University Teaching, and who will deliver
a course of lectureß in Philadelphia this
summer on medieval history, was at the
Occidental yesterday, having completed a
hasty tour through California. He left for
New York on the evening train, accomp
anied by his wife.
Mr. Bellocisa srraduate of Oxford and
bears the distinction of being president of
the Oxford Union, the great debating club j
of which Gladstone was once president
and over which such men as Lord Dufferin
and Lord Salisbury have since presided.
He has lectured extensively in England, \
and is a close student of political economy, j
especially that of the North of England, j
the industrial part.
Mr. Belloc says h.e is a strong monomet- j
Bllist.
When asked for an explanation of the j
money question as it exists in England he
dictated the following:
The first question that presents itself to
an Englishman is, Has there been an ap
preciation of gold or has there not? The
intelligence of England is divided fairly
equally upon that main proposition.
Granted that taere has been an appre
ciation of gold, what is the position of the
average Englishman in the face of the j
change? It is as follows: He believes that j
it would be possible by international agree- !
ment to introduce the double standard j
again.
There are two main qualifications to this '
belief. First, he honestly believes it 6x- j
tremely difficult to say exactly what ratio j
the monetization of silver should be given. :
I cannot remember any person of stand-;
ing who dreams of putting it as high as 1G
to 1, though it is, of course, apparent to :
ail educated men that the demand created
by such a change would raise silver well :
above its present value.
The second qualification is one that i
must be characterized as a matter of Na
tional or personal interest. The same is
tme of the Nevada man in this country as j
of the Englishman with Argentine inter
ests. Firs>t, England is known by most
educated Englishmen to be the great gold- j
crediting nation of the world, and, there- i
fore, even if there has been an appreciation
of gold England would on the whole ben
efit from it. The second point is: During
the last eighteen months there has been a
singular revival of prosperity in England,
a'i was shown by the last Conservative
budget. _  ,
An-Uner point that makes Englishmen j
in favor of the gold standard is tnat Eng- j
land historically is known to have led the !
way to a gold standard and to have pros- ;
per'ed under it durine this century far ;
more than those Continental nations that i
delayed the adoption by half a cenrury.
There are three very important classes j
of people in England tnat are in favor of |
the bimetallic understanding: One- The!
agricultural interest, because it is hoped ,
that it would raise the price* of agricul
tural products. Two— The Lancashire
cotton-spinners, because their trade with
India suffers from the uncertainty ol ex
change, and especially from the competi
tion of tbe labor which is paid in the sil
ver rupee in India. Three— As a class all j
those who are engaged in governine India i
Itself— civil service otiicers, soldiers and
others; these men have their salaries paid (
in the silver rupee, which is no injustice
to them while in India, but which is of
Bteadily decreasing value when sent as :
remittances to their families in England, j
Those three classes, the agricultural, the
Lancashire cotton spinners and those in (
the Indian seivice, while they do not rep
resent anything like a voting majority,
D'-vertbeless must be given euormoua 1 :
weipht in estimating the future conduct of 1
England.
The agricultural interest represents of I
course the ola Tory element in English
j politics. It is remarkable that the Lanca
, shire cotton spinners, whom I have men
tioned as their allies in this matter, are
! the oldest and strongest opponents of the
j landed aristocracy. They are the classes
; of whom Cobden was the spokesman, and
'■ they have been the backbone of the Liberal
j party since the reform of 1832. Thf> third
j class, the garrison and civil employes in
! India, drawn as they are from every class.
' and, in the case of the civil employes, rep
i resenting the best-tested intelligence of
! England, permeates the English electorate
both above and below.
i It must not be understood that there j
i three classes have yet attained anything !
j like a control of 'English, public opinion,
I but I have quoted them as forming the
i three prominent exceptions to the English
I opinion in favor of gold monometallism. j
tln the case of t the Lancashire cotton spin- :
i ners, they are a class whose importance j
j will continue to increase.
In a recent course of lectures that I de- 1
! livered in Oldham, Lancashire, to |
I purely artisan audiences, I found them
well aware of the dangers in which they
stood from Indian competition, and almost
as ready as their employers to seek a solu- ■
tion in a bimetallic agreement.
All interests of the parties above men- j
tioned, notably the commercial interests j
j of London, the whole of the banking '■■
I world, and, I think one may say, th^ uni- j
i versities are in favor of the gold standard j
I pure and simple.
But t c point for Americans to remem
! ber i-» that the power of the three classes I
: which I have quoted is increasing, and is
the more important under English politi
cal conditions, which will not easily per
mit the whole mass of the people to dis-
I cuss so h;.'h:y technical a question as that
of the currency.
If I were asked at what highest expecta
j tions run in England in regard to the
! ratio of gold to silver, I would say 25 to 1.
i I should personally think that the putting
of silver at 16 to 1, fr?e r-Mnnge would
have an effect not very different from the
depreciation of the currency.
1 cannot si-e how you could avoid the
action of "Gresham's law" and the
gradual exhaustion of gold even if you
were to confine its action to the American
product, which 1 should imagine to be ex
tremely difficult in the face of the ease
wi:h which an article of such small bulk
could be smuggled. It appears to me that
the enormously increased activity of the
silver mines would necessarily keep the
ratio of 16 to 1 an artificial one far above
the market value of silver.
Hilaire Belloc.
TALKED LIKE NATIVES.
Children of Two French Schools
Hold Commencement
Exercises.
A New PhoDomimic System, Which Is
Being Adopted Over in
France.
The children of two French schools held
j their commencement exercises yesterday
i afternoon at 1518 Clay street, and a number
! of parents and friends were present to see
j the little people go through all their work
j in the foreign tongue.
L' Alliance Franchise, an organization
| for propagating the French tongue, has a
number of afternoon classes in the various
public schools of this City, to which chil
dren of both French and American parent
age are admitted. It was the class of the
Le Conte School which held its exercises
i yesterday, supplemented by the children
| of the school connected with the French
Reformed Church. lime. Marshall is the
preceptress of both classes.
The work exhibited consisted of songs, >
j recitations, little comedies and a new way |
of learning to read French, which is being
i adopted in the public schools of France.
This method, which is described as
"phono-mimic," teaches children to con
nect certain sounds with letters by means
of question and answer. '"What is the
sound for admiration?" a?ked the teacher.
'"All," replied all tbe little ones, pointing
to the first letter of the alphabet, which
in French wes the ri^ht thing to do.
I "What sound expresses horror?" And this
I time came a long-drawn "0," and the
I little fingers all indicated the big round
I letter on the screen. The visitors were a
I eood deal interested in the working of the
; system, which resulted in even American
i children pronouncing the French sounds
! perfectly.
M. Levi, the president of I'Alliance,
! after hearing the clever work done by the
i children, made a speech, faying that no i
j member of the French colony could now i
say he was unable to have his children
taught French and that it was his hope to
| see the language studied more and more.
Among the children who recited and
spoke with fluency were: Georges Ticolet,
Alice Brisou, Marie Lacazette, Lou Dehoy,
' Jean Gourseau, Louie Robert, Berthe
J Savart, Helene Lavergne, R. Pene, Nellie
Uowlin and Lydia Mollett. About fifty
children took "part in the class work.
Mile. -Seeli. anti Mile. Villemejane, two
young ladies who donate their services to
propagating the knowledge of the French
language,' were warmly thanked by Mine.
Marshall for the valuable help they had
given. .
Every man should read the advertisement of
Thomas Plater on page 32 ot this paper.
fllE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
ALAMEDA CLUB'S
ANNUAL REGATTA
Championship Races on
June 28 in the
Estuary.
ROWERS TRAINING HARD
Start and Finish Will Be at
the Foot of Chestnut
Street.
BOOKMAN'S HARKOW ESCAPE.
Local Barge Crews Won't Row at
Stockton Unless Individual
Prizes Are Given.
One of the chief events of the year in
j rowing circles across the bay will bo the
! annual championship rowing races to be
held by the Alameda Boating Club on the
Alameda estuary, June 28.
All arrangements have been completed
for tne affair by Messr?. Hinchman,
', Creigh and Schumacher, and as the win
ners of the different events n re to be the
club's representatives at the Stockton re
gatta on July 4 some very excising races
will undoubtedly be rowed.
This regatta will be the largest ever held
on the Alameda side of the bay. The
course will be one mile and a half with a
turn, and the start and finish will be made
from the club's house, at the foot of Chest
nut street.
The first event on t^he programme will
be the iunior outrigger skiff race, for the
junior championship of the estuary.
There will be two prizes for this event,
sold and silver mcJals.
Owing to the large number of entries in
this race it will be (iiviiled intc eight heats
and in all eight separate races will be
rowed.
The following have entered: C. Avers,
E. B. Hancock-, A. Bangs, O. Anderson,
A. C. Webb, Frank Walton, W. LubbocK.
W. Gr. Hansen, \V. B. Hinchman and L.
A. Mervy.
The next event will be a senior outrigger
race for the senior championship of the
estuary and a diamond medal. Dr. Cecil
Dennis and Fred Ayers are entered in thi<
race. This contest should prove very ix
hilaratmg as both men are crackerjnek
skiff rowers and each has long been anx
ious to try conclusions with Hie other.
Dr. Dennis is exceedingly desirous to
meet the men again that defeated him at El
Campo, where he lost on a foul, and if he
defeats Ayers his wish will be gratified,
for he will then be eligible to row at the
Stockton regatta.
Two very evenly matched crews will row
for the championship and a silver cup.
Crew 1 is composed of the following:
Fied Aver?, stroke; W. G. Hanson, for
wardwaist; A. C. Webb, aiterwaist; \V.
Steinmetz, Jx>w, and A. iiangs, cockswain.
Crew No. 2 has the following personnel:
Dr. C. 0. Dennis, stroke; W. Lubbock,
after waist; Frank Walton, forward waist;
E. B. Hancock, bow, and W. is. Hiuchnan,
cockswain.
The contestants are assiduously training
for the different events, and can be seen
on the estunrv night and morning plying
the frail crafts with vigor.
The Alameda Boating Club are stirring
themselves to make this, their first im-
I portant regatta for years, a brilliant sue
! cess. They expect a larg- crowd of the
! rowing fraternity from San Francisco to
i he on hand to witness the different events,
I and no doubt conic of the San Francisco
i oarsmen will give exhibition races.
The Alameda Boating Club now has a
! membership or fifty aud is steadily grow
ing. S. J. Pembroke, the champion out-
I rieger-skiff oarsman of the coast and an
: unceasing worker for the advancement of
; rowing here, is a prominent member of
; the club. He will defend the club colors
] at the Stockton regatta in the outrigger
i events.
An Eastern oarsman of considerable note
recently paid a visit to the Alameda Club,
and said that the Alameda estuary was
without doubt the finest boat-racing
course in the United States, and that
eventually it would be lined with boat
club?, a.« soon as the canal was completed
and the water deepened.
An accident befell Johnny Bockman,
the well-known oarsman of the Ariel float
Club of this city, while out training the
other evening for the junior outrigger
race at the coming Stockton regatta. He
WBs returning from a "spin" up to Hunt
er's P int. and when fust abreast of the
ill-fated ship iilairmoru the outrigger on
the left side of the boat gave way and Mr.
Bockman, losing his balance, toou a header
into the cold witters of the bay.
When the boat tipped over he had his
feet tightly strapped to the loot rests, and
it was some littie time before lie could ex
isP^
Business College,
' 24 Post St., San Francisco.
, . •
THE LEADING commercial SCHOOL
J. west of Chicago. Booickeeping, penmanship,
business practice, shorthand (I'll man, Graham,
Eclectic), typewriting, telegraphy, modern lan-
guages, >.nar)isli branches and everything pertain-
ing to a business education rapidly taught.
Department of Electrical Engineering in success-
ful operation.
Individual Instruction. 20. teachers. Night ses-
sions in all departments. Htadents can com-
mence at anytime. Thousands of graduates in
positions. Write? for catalogue.
THE OAKLAND SEMINARY,
ESTABLISHED 1858. 628 ELEVENTH ST ,
cor. Clay. Mrs. M. K. Biake, Principal; T. D.
Adams, A.M., master; Mary E. Allen. A.8.. pre-
ccp re«s. Best of accommodations for boardtnjj or
I day pupils. Includes from kindergarten to uni-
I versity work. None but teachers of large culture
and experience. Special attention to Art. Music,
Oratorical Work, Physical Culture and Deport-
ment. A safe and pleasant home school.
THE LYCEUn.
PRKPARATORY SCHOOL FOlt .THE UNI-
X verslty. Law wnd Medical Colleges. Admission
on recommendation. Many students have been
successfully prepared at this school. . ; Day and j
evening sessions. References, President Jordan I
or any Stanford professor. Phelon building, Nos.
333-835. I'KOK. L. H. U.UAU, Principal, late of
Stanford University. ■ ' ■ ■- •
TRISITY SCHOOL (FOUNDED 1876).
"Poarding;and day school FOB BOYS
X) and young men. Prepares for university and
oollece. Boarders limited to 35. Accredited
school with the universities. Easier term opens
Monday, August 3.
BE V. dr. E. B. SPALDING. Hector. J
tricate himself from his perilous position,
bemx forced to work under water in order
to free his feet, and only coming to the
surface when out of breath.
After l'reei jr his feet he struck out for
shore, and swam at least half a mile, tow
ing his boat with him, before help reached
him.
He wa3 picked up by N. J. PrenderKast,
his dab-mate, who was at least a mile
away when the accident occurred, but
made his oars fly as he never did before,
and reached Bookman jnftt in tme.
After returning to the boathouse and
changing his wet garments for dry ones
Bockman was none the worse for his duck
ing. He was rowing again as usuai yes
terday.
The four-oared barge crews that have
been training for the Stockton regatta
have quit work, and say they won't row if
the Stockton Athletic Association, under
whose auspices the affair la to be held,
does not give individual prizes instead of
trophies, as is the present intention.
A GARDEN PARTY.
The I-ailies of Itelvedere Gave an Out-
iug iv Aid of Their CUurch
Fund.
The ladies' church organization of Bel
vedere gave a delightful garden party in
that locality yesterday lor the benefit of
their Presbyterian church building fund.
Last year a like gathering took place there,
from the proceeds of which a pretty church
was built, and the party yesterday was for
the furnishing of the building. The offi
cers of the association are: Mrs. L. L. Dun
bar, president; Mrs. C. S. Holmes o,nd Mrs.
T. V. O'Brien, rice- presidents; Mrs. T. L.
Miller, secretary; Mrs. F. H. Bridge, treas
urer.
The grounds, in a pretty grove facing
Tiburon, were tastefully decorated with
the flags and colors of the Naval Ileserve
and Corinthian Yacht Club. In little
nooks were placed refreshment booths,
where dainty eatables were dispensed with
free iiands. The lemonade stands were pre
sided over by Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mrs.
I Uarles Stone. Mrs. Winsor Brown, Miss
Kate Stone, Mrs. F. Peterson, Mrs. L. L.
Dunbar, Mrs. Pew and Mrs. H.Thompson;
the icecream booths by Mrs. Ed lien jam in,
Mrs. T. E. Havens aud T. L. Miller; the
tea booths by Mrs. J. S. Mattoon and Mrs.
C. E. Holmes. Music was furnished by
the An^-el Island band.
Under *he direction of John Housman
the following musical programme was
rendered: Ladies' string" orchestra, Miss
Byington, Miss Gruenhagen add Miss
Gibson; soprano solo. Miss Minnie Flynn;
contralto solo, Mrs. Fould : male quartet,
Messrs. Stone, Coffin and Homers; solos by
Miss Coiman and Frank Matheau.
A number of launches and boats belong
ing to the yucht cluos darted back and
forth over the quiet surface of the littie
cove with the guests who desired to vary
their day's outing with a sail on the bay.
At 5 o'clock the yachtsmen conveyed the
City visitors across to Tiburon, and the
pleasant picnic in "Beautiful Belvedere"
was over.
NEW TO-DAT.
THIFoWL
j drug co.,
•S CUT-RATE
M mmnm.
65c IN SILVER
AT THE OWL
! WILL BUY
Pinkham's Compound.
Pierces Favorite Prescription.
Joy's Sarsaparilla.
Hall's Hair Renewer.
Scott's Emulsion.
Hood's Sarsapariila.
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
Mrs. Yale's Hair Tonic.
PAINE. Si\tv Cents
COMPOUND. _ •> vWIW.
j San Francisco, 1128 Market St.
j Oakland, Tenth and Broadway.
Los Angeles, 320 South Spring St.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Bavarian Lloyd Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP MUNICH. OKIIMASY. ON THE 31ST DAY
of December, A. D. 1&95, and for tho year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and Oil of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner, '-jtyafffl
CAPITA!,.
' Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash..... $250,000 00
, ■ asset?.:' ~~~
Real Estate owned by Company $120,916 43
Loans on Bond and Mortgage '2,'i50 OU
Cash Market Value of all a.ocks and
Bonds owned by company 138,170 61
Cash In company's Olßce 1,151)00
Cash in Banks... 70,607 48
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2,268 42
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 366,642 69
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Kisks 22,612 62
Total assets $724,508 17
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses Adjusted and unpaid... .."t
Losses In piociss of Adjustment or I ,„, »,„ nfl
in Suspense....... ...f *» 1 -"» <"»
Losses rt'sihleil, including expenses]
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land .Navigation Hlsks, reiunur-
ance 100 percent.... 26,235 20
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Bisks, reinsurance 60 per cent . 73,764 80
All Other Demands Against the Com-
pany 271,855 01
Total liabilities .$453,105 01
INCOME. . ~~~
Net Cash actually received for Marine
Premiums ......f 894,637 97
Received tor interest and dividend*
on Bonds, stocks, Losing, and from
all other sources ...;.. ..'.... 12,948 18
Received from all other 50urce5.. ....... 928 til
Total income ...;!ftfOB,4l4' 76
EXPENDITURES.' ~~~ : ~~
Net amount paid' for Marine Losses
■ (including $55,000 losses of pre- -
■ vtous v.bis) ...>; #406,653 65
Paid or i.llowed for Commission or ■
8r0kerage.. :....... ',-.. i 27,411 57
Pall lor .Salaries, . fees ; and . other . ■
charges for officers. clerks, etc.:.;. 34,765 61
Paid for State, National and local
taxes ...;......; 2,177 28
Total expenditures $471,008 11
HANS PABST, President.
MAX VOQEL, Secretary. ■■
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 11th
day of April, 1896. ' . .
RALPH STEINER, V. 8. Consul.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
GENERAL' AGENTS,
■ ".■<■■ „■ . ■• -■■■■. '-■■■■ ■ ..
204 Sansome Street, San Francisco.,
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
SmWWffi CLEiMWCE aii SP£CIfcLS!
LADIES 7 KNIT UNDERWEAR I
Cut Down to 4O Cents Each.
LADIES' COTTON VESTS', in 11. N.. L. b. and H. N. S. S., drawers to match in untie and knee
lenjths. Kxtra vulue.
Cut Down to 25 Cents Each.
FINE EGYPTIAN VESTS, In L. N., N. 8., white and ecru.
Cut Down to 75 Cents Each.
SPECIAL QTJALITY-A LINE OF LADIKS 1 SWISS RIBBED HTJMMSB WEIGHT WOOL
VESTS, in L. N., N. 8., iv white, black, pink and corn color.
Cut Down to 5O Cents Each,
FINE TRIMMED EMBROIDERED GENTS' NIGHT9HIRTS, In white and colored.
HOSIERY.
LADIES' STJPFR QUALITY BLACK COTTON HOSE, double soles, heels and toes.
Cut Down to 25c a Pair.
LADIES' SPUN SILK FINISH BLACK COTTOV HO3E, double soles, heels and toes.
Cut Down to 35c a Pair— 3 Pair for $1.00.
ODD LOT OF LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S HOPE, worth 35c pair.
Cut Down to 15c a Pair.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
STATEMENT
UF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIDELITY AND DEPOSIT
COMPANY
OF BALTIMORE, IN THE STATE OF MARY-
land. on the Xl st day of December, A. D. 1895.
and for the year ending on that day, as mane to
' the Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
! fo nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
I and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $750,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $575,532 57
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 698,255 00
Cash in Company's Office 5.19t, 51
j Cash In Banks 02,450 00
Premiums indue Course of Collec-
tion 48,342 30
Total assets. $1,419,776 38
LIABILITIES. ~~~
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $22,229 45
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $337,127 30, re-
insurance 50 per cent 168,563 65
Total liabilities $190,793 10
INCOME.
Net Cash nctnally • received for
Surety Premium* -. $313,093 10
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans ana
from all other sources 14,885 00
Received for items 27,97140
Received from all other sources 25.895 59
Total Income $381.845 18
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for surety Losses.. $51,400 04
Dividends to Stockholders..- 20,000 00
P»ld or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 46,817 99
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
chHrges for ofllcers. clems, etc.. 26,412 93
Paid for State, National and local
taxes.... 17,151 15
All other Payments and Expendi- «-'-;
. . tures 49,979 25
Total ex; enaitures $'211,761 36
Losses Incurred during
the year 67,301 99
Ri KSAN-i>p r.uuMS.| *"*£ Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during tne
year. ; $75,133,430 $349,500 47
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year.. | 41,852,031 192,84183
Net amount In force
December 31, 1895... 1 45,225,849 337,127 30
EDWIN WAKHKLD, President.
HERMAN K. BOS L Bit. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day
Of January, 1898. O. EVETT REAKDON, •
Commissioner for California at Baltimore.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
204 Sausome Street, San Francisco.
! VOSS CON RAD & CO.,
RESIDENT aiAXAGEIiS.
ElSllf
FOR THE
GENERAL ELECTION
AM, ELECTORS DESIRING TO VOTE AT
tbo coming election must be registered re-
gardless of any previous regl-tratlon.
Registration for the General Election to be held
November 3, 1590, commenced at tho office of the
Registrar of .Voters in the northeast wing of the
New City Hall on WEDNESDAY, May 27, 1895,
and will continue until
nonday, August 3, i 896, inclusive,
when Registration at the Central
Office will cease.
On and after July 11, 1896, registration will be
open at the New City Hail on Saturday evenings
from 7 p. k. to 9 P. m.
PRECINCT REGISTRATION
I
Will commence in the several precincts of the I
city on TUESDAY, August 4, 1896, and c!o c
on SATURDAY, August 8, 1896, when all regis- I
tration will cease.
Office hours from 9t. v till 10 p. if.
By order Of the Board of Election Commis-
sioners. . . . ■
W. M. HINTON,
'* Registrar.
«%4flCJP£!!»£«--*JV Bic •* '" * non -Poisonous
■ft-^KaßaP' remedy tor Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, pc rm a t orr h
/KsHfJnlt<jsdaT»/TH Whites, unnatural dis-
JSmF Gn»r»nw"l |§ charges, or any inlla.'ntna-
JKwJf not to itrUtnre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
B»- ■'fjPKTcna eoouglcD. tion of mucous Diem-
yy£ITHEEvANSCHr.Mi.-.M.f10. brant 8 - Non-astringent.
IfiffIkciNOINNATI.O.SiSGH Sold by nr ««s:«is*o.
«raSk"n a x ■ jRBT? *' nt in Plain wrr.ppor,
vSIiSW- " t^a by express, prepaid, 7or \
JsJBrmi ! Bß*£^}g SI.OO, or 3 bottles, £2.7%
*^OEF* V ■• Circular scat w, r.: ' .imU
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE '•
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AACHENANDMDNICH
I FIRE INSURANCE COM
OF AIX-LA-CIIAPELLE, GERMANY, ON
the 31st day of December, A. I). 1895, and for
the year ending on thai day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the Slate of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and 01 1
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank tur-
cistied by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
iJonds owned by Company $599,500 00
Cash in Banks.....'. 19,116 43
Premiums in duo Course of Collec-
tion 39,708 87
Total assets $658,325 30
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid $337 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less 938,580 76,
reinsurance 50 per cent 44,290 38
Gross premiums on Fire Kisks run-
nins more than one year $45,-
-143 10, reinsurance pro rata 30,309 20
Due for Keinsurance Premiums and
Sundries 10,262 2)8
All Other Demands Against the Com-
pany 9,072 75
;-■'.'• .": —^— —
Total liabilities. 594,272 32
■"— — — ■" ■
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums. $90,321 06
Received (or interest ana dividends
on Bonds, (Mocks, Loans and from
all other source.3 13,750 00
Total Income $104,071 06
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $3,429 94 losses of pre-
vious years) $27,513 48
Paid or Allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 12,845 27
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 14,149 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes. 209 50
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures 14,198 97
Total expenditures $68,916 22
Fire losses Incurred dur-
ing the year $24,421 25
r i
Risks and Premiums, Fire Risks, j Premiums.
I I
Net amount of Kinks
written during the
year $13,880,836 $173,937 42
Net amount of Risks ex-
pired durine the year. 6,259,634 104.848 47
Net amount in force on •
December 31. 1895... 11,336,047 1 133,72386
E. R. KENNEDY, for WEED & KENNEDY,
Managers.
Subscribed ana sworn to before me. this 15th
day of February, 1890. C. F. FIbHBECK, Notary
Public. - |
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
204 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
i VOSS, CONRAD & CO.
GEN Kit AI, MANAGERS.
HOTEL EKFIREa
FIREPROOF, * I
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK. -»
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with laths ,
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres. :
Overlooking Central Park end the Hudoon Hirer* j
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in • 1
America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either i
Cth or 9th aye. M L" to 66th st., or Broadway cable j
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan, 81 up. American plan, $3* up. Most com-
pletely equipped and moot liberally managed hotel
In New York. W. JOHNSON QUIItN, Msr.
WM. KOBLR, I'ropr.
THESLCCESSOF THE SEASOS
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM '
O*' TUE-
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
|^1| These tiny Capsules are superior
to Balsam of Copaiba, /""^\
H\' CubebsorinjCctionsandffiilDY}
f£j I CURE IN 48 HOURS
aw j the same diseases without
inconvenience! j
■ -^q Sold by all druggists. ,
._ ~: _\ NEW to-pat: '.':._.
STATEMENT
• OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FRANKFORT
Marias Accitot ai Plate Glass
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF FKAXKK(>nT-ON-T]Tr:-MAIX, GER-
many, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1805, and for the year encin? on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the &t«te
of California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in cash -....$ 512.500 00
ASSKTS.
Real estate owned by company .f-13,750 00
Loan* on bond and mortgage 604,325 00
Cub market value of an stocks and
bonds owned by company 135,141 35
Amount of loans serured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 675 00
Cash in company's Ollice 6.3 00
Cash in banks 128,047 44
Interest due and accrued on all
storks and loans... -2,175 53
Premiums In due course of collec-
tion 50,224 15
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid.... 153.080 28
Total assets $1,144,840 75
ABILITIES.
losses adjusted and nn paid $125,53100
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks, $ , re-
insurance 100 per cent 25.806 50
Gross premiums on marine time
risks, $ , relnsurancs 50 per
cent 22,05925
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 43 75
Pension fund 7,440 16
All other demands against the com-
pany 107,081 12
Liability under accident and plate
glass departments 198,825 42
'iotal liabilities $484,787 20
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for acci-
dent and plate glass premiums . $450,817 01
In et casn actually received for marine
premiums.. 411,998 81
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other, sources 28,904 10
Received from all other sources 4 2,378 25
Total income $934,096 17
EXPENDITURES.
Net amonnt paid for accident and
plate glass losses (iucluding $
losses of previous. 9 105.505 72
Net amount paid for marine losa s.. 308,0>*H 20
Dividends to s;ockholders . 43,750 00
I'ai.l or allowed for commission or
brokerage 09,792 01
Pai 1 for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, e:c 47,001 17
Paid for State, National and local
taxes , 4,021 33
All other payments ami expendi-
tures 750 00
Total expenditures $608,913 43
Losses Incurred dur-
ing the year $ 9
. __ ,
risks and PBF.MifMS. Marine Risks Premiums.
Net amount of risks I
written during the '
year $118,235,422 $594,115 48
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year i 70,435,413 366.13306
Ret amount In force
December SI, 1895... j 2,040,027 45,865 75
F. (3ERSON, President.
P. DUMCKE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th day
of April, 1896.
FKANK. B. MASON, U. S. Consnl-General.
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT,
204 Sansomc Street, San Francisco.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
General Managers.
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TRADERS'
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF CHICAGO. IX THE STATE OF ILLINOIS,
on the Sisc day of December, A. D. 1895, and
for the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL,.
Amonnt ot Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $6,312 37
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 223,550 00
Cash Market Value of all Mocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,318,349 65
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 47,500 00
Cash In Company's Office 1,465 05
Cash In Banks 72,351 85
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 5,862 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortises 3,929 97
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 52,453 43
Due from other Companies, etc., for
losses paid and premiums ad-
vanced 15,485 10
Total assets .' $1,747,259 82
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $22,636.18
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 44,646 76
Losses resisted Including expenses.. 21,465 90
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $521,-
-394 23, re-insurance 59 percent. 260,697 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $3£9.-
-899 12. re-Insurance pro rata 201,306 61
All other demand* against the Com-
pany 17,618 84
Total liabilities $568/265 91
INCOME. ~~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums.. $669,379 98
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 14,706 17
Received for Interest and dividend*
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from a.i ether sources 66.644 43
Total income $740,730 63
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $64,244 34 losses of pre-
vious years)... $359,043 23
Dividends to Stockholders.... 50,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage.. 107,048 10
Paid for (Snlarlos. fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 57,612 00
Paid for State, Natloual i>ml local
taxes. 19,162 37
All other payments and expendi-
tures r 60,672 08
Total expenditures.... $643,586 78
Losses incurred during
tbeyear(lire) $360,944 60
bisks and rKKMiuMs iFire Rlaks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written durum the
year............ $37,040,874 $833,694 10
Net amount of KUks
expired during the!
year... , | 49,981,202' 751,083 96
Net amount in force De-
cember3l. 1895 , 61,472,748 911,293 85
K. BUCKINGHAM;, President.
R. J. SMITH, Secretary. - .-,.
Rubscrlbed and sworn to before me this ".'3th day
Of February, 1896. .
E. S. WHITTLKSEY, Notary Public.
_ am JBtKTEWg
IS TUB VERY BBS* O.VK ; TO KXAMIX3
x your eyes and nt tnem to 'Spectacles and Eva!
glasses with Instruments of hit own lnventioa.
whose superiority has not been equaled. ilj «aj.
cess has been due to the mm 01 my woxit
Cffiw ilguxs-lii inr.u, . • T .
910
LYNCH TELLS WHY
SHARKEY MAY WIN.
Says Sullivan Was Ex
hausted When Put Out
by Corbett.
MITCHELL NEVER IN IT.
Sailor Lad Such a Man as
Corbett Never Met
Before.
$10,000 OF SEATS ARE SOLD.
Sharkey's Manager Is on His Mettle
With His Money and Wants
to Bet $1000
A great many people wonder by what
process of reasoning Thomas Sharkey, the
sailor lad with comparatively little ex
perience, pretends to presume that he can
stand up before James J. Corbett. the
champion pugilist of the world, for four
rounds.
Dan Lynch, the manager of Sharkey,
I ectedly furniehed an answer to this
tion yesterday afternoon. In addi
to uns he talked boldly and backed
hi- assertions with his money, that
Sharkey would be in the fight with the
idampion and in it at the finish.
At the Acme Athletic Club in Oakland
yesterday afternoon Mr. Lynch stood in a
group of spectators who were watching
Sharkey smite the bag, skip the rope, pull
the weights and do other things peculiar
to ihe pugilist when he is workine up
wind, muscle and perspiration. A young
man slated that he did not think Pharkey
would stay two rounds before the cham
pion.
At that very moment the man who is
point: up against Corbett >vas giving an
exhibition of sparring with a mem
ber of ttie club in the handball court, and
hi- splendid phvriqtie was in cvi lence.
Dan Lynch overheard the remark. He
spoke up quickly, saying:
•1 have .fIOOO and I will put up any part
of it. two to one, that that boy stays two
rounds. Lor us see the color of your
money or stop talking."
The young man cl:d not seem to have
not iced" that Lynch was in ear-shot. He
replied that that was simply his opinion.
Lynch, being somewhat stirred up, con
tinned io the following strain:
f 'Opinions among sporting m^n do not
amocnt to a crushed strawberry unless
t hey are backed with money. I will bet
you or anybody else in Oakland or San
Francisco $] I J7OO, or any part of it,
from $-• up, ihat Sharkey stay? the four
la. lam looking for that kind of
money."
Lynch paused long enough for anybody
to produce coin, but nobody showed any
intiicauons of Dacking h:s opinion with
nionty if he had an opinion to the con
trary. Then the manager of the sailor lad
HEALTH AND SUMMER RESORTS.
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
HAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
being or.c of the wosdees of tbe world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for RheumatNm, Tilver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 810 TO »15 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Kailway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 82 Fourth street, S. F., or
.Harriett Springs, Lake. County, Cal.
PACIFIC CONGRESS SPRINGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
lOCATED IN A CANYON OFTHE SANTA
j Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above
sea level. No Jo;, no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 460 feet south.
PCBE SPRINO or the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATER of the alkochaly-
be&te class; very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, skin
and nervous affections. Indorsed and recom-
mended by all leading physicians.
HOTKL AND COTTAGES, ESPECIALLY DE-
SIGXEU FOR HEALTH AND COMFORT.
ALL modern improvements; electric bells, tele-
phone and telegraph: good stables.
RATES, $10 to $15 per week: only 2V» hours
from San Francisco, via S. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. J. F. I'FKTCH, Saratoga, Cal.
JE& m ■* m ■ 4% #t HOT SPRINGS.
PARAISOIip
• ■■■■■ Jjealth.rest.pleas-
nre, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swlmmlne tanks, mas.
Baee treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
-mind, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paralso stands unsurpassed In the state. Plenty
enjoymen'. for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a.m.
daily, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, SSB. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postoffice. For
illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
SODA SPRINGS'
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Havk You Bkttv Thkrb Latkly?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate nnsnr-
'rassed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and PostolHce.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
. year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delignt; husbands' rest.
Address AN DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 niles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.'
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
" I cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUTTRIXfiEK. seavlew, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRUSE A: CO., 207 Front St., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars.
continued to address the group as follows:
"Sharkey has never been put out by
anybody. He is as good a stayer as there
is in the ring to-day. He has improved
wonderfully in the last three years, and
he is improving right aiong. He has had
about thirty battles against all kinda of
men, and was never put to sleep yet. If
the go with Choynski had lasted two more
rounds Sharicey would have done him all
right, and they say that Choynski is as
hard a hitter as Corbett. Choynski re
fused to make another match with Shar- j
key on much the same terms. Choynski
knows what he can do.
"Greggains, who is claimed to be a very
scientific man," he continued, "would not
go up against Sharkey again to-day. Why?
Because Sharkey has improved so much |
since his meeting with Greggains that
Alex don't consider it a safe proposition.
"Now Corbett is all right," he went on,
becoming more interesting to the listeners.
"He is a good fellow and pays his bills and
all that, but there are a good many rea
sons why Sharkey has got a chance in this
light. Peter .Jackson never showed a mark
when Corbett went against him. The rea- |
son tnat Corbett beat Sullivan was that
John L. was exhausted and played out in j
sixteen rounds. He couldn't stand up to j
it any longer. Anybody could have put
him out then. Charley Mitchell was
beaten in three rounds by the disease that
was in his system. 1 saw all these tights,
and that's what I think. Corbett is not
the man he used to be. He has had too |
much gayety.
"Now Sharkey has never touched a drop I
of strong liquor in his life. He does not i
know what dissipation is. He is 24 years '
old, young and strong, with the heart of a i
lion.and all his fights show he can stand
punishment if he gets it. He is fit to-day
to step into the ring with Corbett. Any- j
body who wants my money that he does ■
not stay two or four rounds can have it,
and I'll put it up right now. Corbett has j
nothing to lose in this go, neither in I
money or reputation. He is not giving
any money away. The only chance that
he stands of losing anything even in repu- j
tation is in case Sharkey should put him I
i to sleep, and the boy has put tall men to
; sleep before."
His training to date has reduced the
I sailor lad in weight, and reduced his
avoirdupois to the spectacle of a trim,
quick fighter. Ten days have produced a
marked improvement in every way. He
j lay.- handball in better style, punches the
; bag with great rapidity and skips the rope
with the lightness of a school girl.
The champion put in the usual time at
the Olympic Athletic Club yerterday in j
training in bis usual fashion. He had a i
| good game of handball with experts in |
that court, and what is more important to j
Corbett in handball than exercise is the
fact that he won.
The sale of seats has reached the total j
' of $10,000 in round numbers to date, and |
tne contest does not take place until next
Wednesday, leaving four more days of
sale. The demand for seats is expected to <
be more lively from now on to the hour I
business begins in the ring.
If there is not $20,000 in the house next j
| Wednesday evening, those sporting men j
1 who are making predictions on this point
i will be only one or two thousand dollars
off in their guess.
And of this considerable sum the
champion gets 50 per cent, whatever
happens.
Sharkey has everything to win and j
| nothing to lose. He gets what he can '
make.
In the following self-explanatory com
m\m cation, C. B. Perkins withdraws from
I the committee of the Civic Federation
| appointed io attend the four-round
! contest:
I. J. Truman, Esq., President Civic Federation—
I DearSik: P. ease accept my resignation as a
member <>f the > ommittee to attend the Cor- |
Sharkey boxing match and insist upon j
axiicipams keeping within the .aw. My !
i very iimite'i experience In sneb matters, m-ver !
| havin? witnessed anything of this kind, cer- j
! tainly disqualifies me rs a competent judge as !
: to w:ien tae limit ehall be reached, and the I
recent decision of Acting Mayor Taylor that :
when five rounds have been fought it" shall be
considered a "prize-light Driugs the coming;
I match so near to a violation of tne law that J i
When writing for further particulars to any of the Jfealth or Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the Cj4££.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
LAKE COUNTY, CALi.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? shortest staga
route into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs.
j New hoteL Finest dining-room north of San
' Francisco.
I From San Francisco It costs only $8 for the
i round trip, and the hotel rates are SI 50 to $2 50
i per day or $10 to $16 per week. Take the .-i F.
and N." P. Railway via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager.
)San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery st.
"Absolutely the finest fishing in the West."—
Forest and Stream.
LAKE TAHOE.
TALLAC HOUSE.
THE SUMMER RESORT OF CALIFORNIA.
The entirely new hotel open ibis season. Hotel
and grounds lighted by electric lights. All modern
improvements. Rates $16 to $'.21 per week.
Tahoe Inn, Tahoe City.
OPEN UNTIL NOVEMBER L
RATES $10 TO $14 PER WEEK.
Great reductions in fare toiallac this season.
The steamer "Tallac" carries its patrons free of
i charge to and from all points on Lake Tahoe.
.Hound' trip ticket from San Francisco, Oakland,
tan Jose, Lathrop and Stockton, 16; Sacramento.
j $13 5O: Santa Barbara and Los Aniteles, (88 50.
■ Buy ticket to Tahoe City only, thereby saving
83 on trip.
M. LAWRENCE & CO., proprietors.
Send for illustrated circular.
For route and further Information inquire of
Southern Pacific Company's ticket office.
—/VV-S, The Beautiful
6=?s^|s£^pfl HOTEL
48I1& VENDOJIE
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for Its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments. It is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity. (
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
when IJkTIAH
VISITiNQ Ul\.l/\II
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
V!. H. FOKSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.
TH J S IS THE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
1 hotel in > Ukiah, . and it is headquarters for
tour is: a.
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trams. Baggage transferred free of charge.
HOTEL EASTLAND,
Mill Valley, Marin County, f
"MOW OPEN. A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RE-
i\ sort. MRS. J. J. CLLLEN, Prop.
I HAVE BEEN TO A. B. flcriATH'S
HURTING, FISHING. BATHING AND
-H camping out witn the boys, and never had
such a good time before la my life. ' Completely
forgot I was ever anything but a boy, and feel like
going into business aeatn. I tell you that is the
place to go to have a real good time and complete
change. For particulars address A. B. MCM ATH,
Hull vi lie, Cal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
cannot consent by acting on such committee
to countenance an exhibition so demoralizing
in its character.
\\\> condemn the people of Mexico tor allow
ing bullfights and othor brutal exhibitions,
and yet In our own enlightened, civilized and
Ciiri.stianized California we permit human
beings to pummel themselves to disfiguration
and almost to death, and we content ourselves
with the supposition that there is uo law to
cover such cases.
lam still of the opinion tnat there Is suffi
cient law on our statute books to prevent such
brutal exhibitions, and 1 cannot consent to be
j a Darty to its violation. If I am not mistaken
your own judgment in this matter coincides
with this expression.
As a citizen, pledged to maintain the law,
and to assist in its proper enforcement, I shall
ever stand ready to uphold you and the or
■ ganizHtion you represent and so faithfully
j lead in every forward movement for good gov
ernment and better morals. Very respect
fully, yours, C. B. Perkins.
THE CHUTES TO-DAY.
Easle Tiola Will Make a Balloon Ascen
sion and Parachute Drop.
Miss Essie Viola, the fearless little aero
naut, wiil make a balloon ascension and
par?chute drop from the chutes grounds
at 4:30 this afternoon.
On the occasion of her last ascension, a
week ago yesterday, she received several
bruises by being dashed against the side
of a house, and had to ciing to the eaves
over a third-story window until relief
came.
The new attractions at tbe chutes will
be completed about July 1 on a grand
scale, the scenic railway being the largest
in existence. The grounds will be open
from 10 a. m. to 11 p. M. to-day and be
brilliantly illuminated during the evening.
THE "NEW PARK" IS OPEN
That Is the Title of the Old
Grove-Street Theater
Transformed.
Dan McCarthy Is Now the S ar in
the Stirring Play of "Cruis
keen Lawn."
The old Grove-street Theater has been
rejuvenated nnder the title of the Park
Theater and comes out in a brand new
garb, under the management of William
K. Johns, who has taken a two years'
lease.
New steps have been placed in the front,
a foyer has been added and several parti
tions with glazed doors make the place
more in accordance with modern artistic
ideas-.
New scenery is another feature, and the
scenic effect is enhanced by the addition
of colored lights.
The whole building has been thoroughly
renovated and repainted and a drop cur
tain on which is realistically reproduced
one of the natural beauties of theYosemite
is the lessee's special pride.
The theater opened last night with the
Irish comedy, ''Cruiskeen Lawn," in
which Dan McCarthy is the star and Miss
Lou Ripley soubrette.
Other well-known members of the piece
are Charlie Swam, late of Morosco's, and
Miss Cloy Bouton, who was last with tne
Warde-James company.
The plays for the following three weeks
will be "A Rambler from Clare," "The
Pride of Mayo" and "True Irisn Hearts."
— -•■ — ♦ •
A Game of •'.;«-.•■ :.ai 1.
Baseball will be played this afternoon by
the Calls nnd the Examiners at the California
State League grounds, Sixteen th and Kolsom
streets, at 2:30 o'clock. The game will be
close and exciting, us both teams have filled
up tneir weak spots, and will try hard to win.
\\ haiey will pitch for the Calls and Mansfield
for the'Examinerr.
'GILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place "Where the Invalid Can Surely
Kegain Health— Where the Tourist
May Regale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Kest, < -linn in and t : •- 1 a v.it ion,
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker Alter
Repose and Recuperation.
A Ttnral Retreat, Whore the Adjacent
Hill- Are Clothed in '.ariiientH
of Matchless Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never Lifts His
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
Nature's Own Fountain.
rpAKEB:I6 A.M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
X Third and Townsend streets, 3V& hours from
San Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
t£g~ Stage connects with train from Third and
Towusend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under cue Old Management.
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. R. R., via SausalHo ferry.
: Train leaves at 1:45. Hotel Cazadero rates. $10
1 to $14 per week; Ellm Grove Hotel rates, $6 to $8
per week: tents, $3 to $5 per week, send for cir-
cular. ;
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor,
Cazadero, Cal.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKK,
is most Dicturesqne. Soda Spring Is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boatlne and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A tine bar has jus:
I been opened. The table is supplied with the very
• best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
i fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
| ramping grounds. A coach will connect with tha
daily stage from Pieta and Highland Bprtng*,
Adams, s>ieler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from Han Francisco, $5 60; round trip; $10. Spe-
cial rates for families. <;. R. WYA'IT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. KHspy ville, Lake County, Cal.
CAMP TAYLOR. HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, narin Co., Cal.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE-
llghtful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
i croquet and lawn tennis; fine trout iisbing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postotlice, express, telegraph and liver? at
i both hotels: terms $8 and ?I'J per week.
VICTOR W. KRAtSS, Manager.
JOS. F. BE ill RAND. Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. M.
MOUNTAIN HOMeT
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountain*.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hnnt-
ing. New dunclng pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. staee at Madron* every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8 :1 6 a. m.
VIC PONCELET, Llagas. Cal.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths: hunt-
Ing and fishing; cottages for families; stage meets
morning train; terms $8 up. . Address JOSEPH
LIXDSEY, Glenwocd, Cal. ,
HAZEL_GLE.N.
pOOD PLAIN BOARD IN PRIVATE FAM-
" 1 lly five miles from Cloverdale; rates moderate.
Inquire lof : MRS. T. MOLLEIV Cloverdale, or P.
J. HEALY, 203 Powell st.
POSTAL EMPLOYES
IMPROVE MORALLY
Inspector in Charge Munro
Files His Annual
Report.
FEW CRIMINAL CASES.
Fourth-Class Postmasters Mainly-
Responsible for Wrong-
Doing.
INSPECTOR WHEELER'S OPINION
The Work of the Fiscal Year Ju;t
Ending Superior to All That Has
Gone Before.
Robert R. Munro, Inspector in charge of
the San Francisco division of postoflice
inspectors, forwarded his report to the
department at Washington yesterday for j
the fiscai year ending June 20. Speaking j
of the work undertaken and completed ;
I during the twelve months just ended Mr.
I Munro said:
One of the most noticeable and gratifying
features of our work the past year has been '
the small number of criminal eases brought;
against persons directly connected with the
postal service. I don't know where you will '
rind a more conscientious and honorable Lot
of people, taken as a class, thau those em- I
ployed in the postal service. The positions :
are by no means sinecures, requiring, as 1 be
lieve," more constant application than most
positions under the (ioverumeiit. That this j
condition does not apply alone to the Pacilic
Coast is shown by a statement recently made
by Colonel M. D. Wheeler, the Chief Postoffice I
Inspector at Washington, in which he said:
"the public in general should feel proud of i
the United States postal service and its em- |
ployea. 1 say this because of the small num- j
berol postmasters aud employes in the differ- i
cut branches of the postal service arrested last
month for crimimil acts. I have a small tabu
lation here showing the work of the inspectors
for April, ana I leel much gratification in
noting that out of over 70,000 postmasters in
1 the entire United States only eight were proven
dishonest by their own acts, and but rive ,
assistant, postmasters and four clerks of the
many hundreds of thousands ot such employes
in the service were found with a diseased j
sense af honor.
'•The work accomplished by our inspectors I
d'lriiig the month ot April compares favorably ;
with that of March, wnich was one of thu big- |
gest months we have had since the iuaugura- ;
tion of the inspector service, the total of ar
rests being I(H>. However, while the number
of arrests in April does not equal those made i
during March by twenty persons, the falling
off does not signify a lack of vigilance on the ;
part of the inspectors, but on the other hand
speaks better for the employes of the postal :
service, as there were fewer postmasters and
other employes of all classes arrested during ;
April than in March. This record for Ai ril
shows that in addition to the ei^ht postmas
ters, live assistant postmasters ami lour dorks
ill postofliees, there were three letter carriers,
one railway mail postal clerk and four mail
carriers on star routes arrested by the in
spectors.
"Our inspectors have not relaxed their |
vigilence in the war of extermination which j
was declared against p >stoflice burglars iv.'o !
years ago, and each day heralds the arrest of \
one or more burglars as surely as the day roiis
An Easy Trip
Since the new stage arrangements
to get to
/ETNA SPRINGS
Swimming tank, 30x75 feet, filled np with nat-
urally warm f ETNA Mineral Water; tub baths,
hotel, clubhouse, recreation of all kinds.
Take 7 o'clock Southern Pacific train to St.
Helena. Stage leaves there at 10 a. M.. stopping
atAngwlnsfor lunch, but no long waits as in the
past. Returning the stage leaves the springs at
10 a. m.— no getting up at 5 a. M. Unlimited
round-trip tickets, 87. • Rates, $10 to If 14 a week. ,
! For further information call at 318 Battery st.,
San Krancisco, or address W. L. MITCHELL, |
manager, Lldell P. 0., Napa County, Cal.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS.
Tj. B. T"rasler, Manager.
Over 4000 feet elevation among the pines. Na-
ture's Game Preserve. Beautiful scenery, purest
air, colaes: water, good shooting: tine trout ilsh-
ing near by; regular mail; table supplied with the
best in th« market: vegetables from our own gar-
| den; good home cooking and home comforts: ac-
commodation from 20 to 30; season opens June 1.
' Distance and feres— Buy round-trip ticket, $12
1 (unlimited), at office of S. F. and N. P. Rallroan.
Rail 10 Ukiab, thence by Berryhllls popular stage
line via Potter Valley to Hanhedrin. Room and
board $1 per day. Guide (when wanted) $2 per
day. Saddle horse (when wanted) $1 per cloy. No
other charges. For further particulars address L.
B. FRASIER, Sanhedrin, or LADD'S GUN-
| STOKE, 9 Third St.. Han Francisco.
fITT 1 ftflfl HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V If n I'l ' V County, only 4Wj hours from
\IV li Itlt \ X "" Francisco; but 9 miles
I I |\ li II 11 II staging: new road through
*■**■"***" ** *** canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130 Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquito* and other annoying
insects unknown. 'lake Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. M. or 3:30 P. m. Round-trip ticket only $6.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $12 a week; baths free.
J. F. MULOREW. Proprietor.
\ tl> M|^^L CAPITOLA.
■i£33§FW«s GEM resort.
pi'iwfVoMHi gMB HW 2 4 Miles K:ist of
)i ■ ■ ''.'JSS^'-i^ ? '^tf'cfcj^i "v Santa ''"'■
"^■ il ™" 'ss=s=== Hotel at water's edge ;
■~* 3 «»«SSSB. > ?i3iE3«s*. furnished and partly
...•^4 i'J furnish' d cottages: free
~* } wilt camp ground; salmon
* " %~* and trout fishing.
'" F. REANIER. Supt.,
_^ Capitol a, Cal.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACE FOR HEALTH, REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; V mile from
I station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in inn
I United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
| Soda Springs. Wonderful curative properties.
I Table flm-class. Send for circulars.
GO TO DUCAN SPRINGS,
i rpWO MILES FROM HOPLAND, MiSNDOOINO
X County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters In the State. Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250
feet above the valley; fine view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free Pus !
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, *10 per week.
_ , . „ O. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Postofllce. . -
ASTORf, SPRING JIMAL WATER.
rmiE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
-L cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by thousinds In four
months in this city: no agents. ; A. AS'l'OlMi, 108
i fifth St., sole proprietor; Glenbrook Hotel. I-ake
County, one-quaiter mile from spring, has pi lvllego
1 of the water. . T ■ "
i round. These statistics show that during
i March we captured forty-four, and in April we
placed forty postofh'ce burglars behind the
bars. This class of criminals is by far tbe
most dangerous of all kinds that our men have
I to deal with, and their vigorous efforts and
| success are very gratifying.
"The public also comes in for a share of at
! tention by postoffice inspectors, and it was
necessary for our men to arrest eighty-one
patrons for misusing the mails. This class of j
offenders includes those guilty oi forwarding
obscene matter, promoters of the 'green-goods'
swindle and other fraud schemes, lottery com
panies, agents, etc."
There are people who are of the opinion that
they can use the mnils in conducting schemes
to defraud, but as a class they are decreasing.
San Francisco a few years ago was a perfect
nest of sharpers— people who insisted on living
oy their wits. Unfortunately for them, how- i
ever, their schemes contemplated the use of j
the mails, and that is where they came to grief, i
Several of them have been lodged at the ex-
Dense of the Government at San Quentin and!
other similar institutions, and it has come to
be pretty generally known that fraudulent
schemes cannot be worked through the mails.
The division in charge of Inspector
Munro comprises the States of California, j
Nevada, Oregon, Washington and the
Alaskan Territory. Fsr the fiscal year j
ending .Tune 30, 1895, there were exactly j
3333 postoflices within the territory named. |
Forty-seven new offices have been added I
within the last twelve months, and of the |
3380 offices in existence June 20 only 169 j
come \yithin the President's power, the |
remaining 3111 being fourth-class offices ■
and appointed by the Fourth Assistant
| Postmaster-General.
In the four Htates and one Territory |
| comprising the Pacilic Coast Division
I there are only nine lirst-class offices. The
salary list and rating is as follows: San
Francisco, $11000; Los Angeles, $3500; Port
land, $3500; Oakland $3300; Seattle, $3300;
Sacramento, $3J50; Tacoma, $3200; San
Jose, $3100; Spokane, $3000. It will be I
seen from the above that California has
! five, Washington three and Oregon one of
' the first-class offices. The fourth-class of
fices are paid lees on the amount of stamps
canceled.
To cover this vast territory there are j
only six field inspectors. They are mdi- 1
vidually and collectively expected to be j
ready at any and all times to jump from
Los Anpeles or San Francisco to SitKa or
other equally remote Alaskan town.
There are only" twenty postoffices in
Alaska, but they require "as much atten
tion and far more time as three times the
number in a more civilized district.
The greatest evil the postal authorities
have had to combat within the past twelve
months has been the festive stage and
postoffice robber. Up to January lof the
present year these knights of the dark
lantern made things decidedly lively in
Washington and upper Caiiiornia, but
numerous captures and convictions have
rathpr tended to dampen the ardor of
those escaping arrest, and who professedly
indulge in such pastimes merely for the
pleasure tnere is in it.
ODD FELLOWS MINDFUL.
! Will Hold Memorial Exercises To-Day j
in Their Big llall.
The annual memorial exercises of the I
-Independent Order of Oiid Fellows will be i
I held this afternoon in the main hall at i
Odd Fellows' Building, corner of Market j
i and Seventh streets. Originally it was in- I
' tended to meet in Memorial Hall, but ow- !
; int; to the number expressing an intention ;
1 to be present the change was made.
President W r . F. Norcross has announced |
1 an appropriate programme for the occa- :
■ sion. There will be fitting eulogies by i
'- prominent brothers; music by Frank Cof
fin and the Press Club Quartet; San Fran
i Cisco Canton Patriarchs Militant, the Odd ;
| Fellow Veterans and Rebekah Lodges will i
be present.
Besides President Norcross the reception
; committee consists of J. W. Perry, C.
Ncilsen, G. D. Danskin, John R. Daly and
C. Neufortn.
* — » ■»
Near the Caspian Sea there are several
j "eternal tires," so called by the natives,
j where natural ga? issues Irom tbe ground
S and has been on fire for ages. >
SMTA CATALIM ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
ZAUN'S te'egraph pigeon service dally, con-
necting the island with the wires of the world.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
U coast excurs.ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
bunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open, Island Villa in July.
For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, Cal.
CALAVERASJIG TREES.
The Hotel Situated Right Among the
Sequoias is Now Open.
HERB IS FOUND THE FINEST OF FISH-
Ing. Postoffice and Telephone office.
J. L. SPERRY, Manager.
THOMAS COOK & SON. 621 Market street,
S. F., Agents.
MARK WEST SPRINGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from Santa Rosa.
WITH ITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
' » bor; the place where yon feel at home. Table
first class. Croquet. BlUlards> Shuffle-board,
Swings, Swimming-pool, Dancing Pavilion, Fish-
ing and hunting. Terms, $10 and $12 per week.
JSpeciM rates for clubs and large families. Round
trip, $3 76. Baths '"f^^JbERGEXSKN.
FRESE & JUERGENSEN.
EL BONITO HOTEL
"VTOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FpR THE
1' season; salt and fresh water bathing, him time
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc.: terms
reasonable. (I. W. MORGAN,
Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co., Cat
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
L .XX count*:;
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THR
year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at southern PaciFc offices, 10: special
conveyance dally. For inforn ation address JOHN
SPAIM.DING, Selgler springs. Lake Connty, Cut.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
T AKK . CO.— MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
Jj resort In Stale; 8 different springs: good tish-
lngand limiting; accommodations first-class: rates
$M)i»*rwri*k and upward: table unexcelled; hard-
ilniHhtMl rooms nnd cottages. • J. MARTENS, Bach-
<l.,r P. P., Lake Co., Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BKSWJi X, bISIv'IYOU COUNTY. CAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
TOUriW SPRING FARM
\\T ILL BK OPUS FOR BOA II I>l JUNE 1.
»> Write for particulars WM. J. ROSS, proprie-
tor, Oukvllle, Napa Couniy. Cal.
SUMMER BOARD AT BURLIN6AME.
krdinsrton Place "A Mild Re.it Cure.''
Address... ............... ...IRA O. HOITT.
Jtoltt's School reopens August 4. '■.".-
HOTEL DE REDWOOD.
TN THE HEART OF. THE SANTA CRUZ
I Mountains. Board from «7 to $10 a week.
Campers' return ticket, Vi 60. send for circular
to M. >. cox, Laurel, Cal. ;■
HEW TO-DAT— -DRY GOODS. __ ,_-.-.-
' . _ ■A.T— — - — ; " ,
45 CENTS ON THE DOLLAR!
THE ENTIRELYTNIEW
DRY GOODS STOCK
_____ : — o-? 1 ■
JAMES M. lOWA CO,
•^■^A.T'^i-C*-*
1099, 1011, 1013, 1015 MARKET STREET,
I Near Sixth Street, Between Sixth and Seventh,
TO BE SOLD WITHOUT RESERVE AT '
45 CENTS ON THE DOLLAR!
$85,000
Stock of Imported Silks, Dress Goods,
Domestics and Fancy Dry Goods,
Underwear, Etc., Etc., Etc.
Standard Prints p "7~ " Foulard Silks
(Huuinii SHERIFF'S SALE.-By virtue of an .. V- j
at 3\i Cents. Execution Issued out ot the Superior at lOC a yaru.
Court, in the suit of JOS. L. DI.NivEL- ' --.-.•
HSPIKL against JAS. M. MORAX & CO., n ...
|»fIVV duly attested the Kith day of June, 1P9(5, SlinilllAT* Sl|tSJ
UCI ".T 1 have levied upon all the stock of ttn- OUHIIIUM...pIIHa
Ta mi ;i->.l ported Silks/Dress Goods, ■ Domestic and at 15c a yard.
! ICnillS rlailll^l Fancy Dry Goods, Underwear, Safe, Fix- at loca ydru,
. n ,, . tures, etc., situated at No. 1009 to 1015 «it i n^.^ „[i „j^
at 314 Cents. Market street, between 6th and 7th 1100 l I'FOSS iIOOQS
streets. -~- . . .
loiiiftc' Vncita NOTICE is hereby given that, on Mon- at lOC a yard.
liilvllCS iCSIS day, the aad day of June. 1896, at said j
. _ . premises. No. 1009-1015 Market street, in ■,« •.
at 5c each, from 9 o'clock, A. M., to 6P. M., and con- lljf TjlK!;n
itnuiijg daily until all the stock is sol 1, IVXJ Uiuiillll
Tiela ThrhadllnQa l l r st . i , I ' l i lalion , p 1 " 1 " 1^*: attorney. at 5c a yard.
lilM" IlMrnullUSr I will sell the said above-mentioned prep- ,«■ ,
. . crty at retail at. 45 cents on the dollar o I uf l 'Oi'.'i'Wf-i .
at 5C a pair. Inventory price. No goods delivered or |ln!nHnjlAl'A||
exchanged. i. .Ji.iuuii^i fa
fonts' I*n<iArvliirt(! Richard i. whelan, sheriff, tji,;,.f „
I uCniS UnaerSlliriS JULIUS REIMER, Attorner-at-Law. IS
20 cents. , J a 2 5c each.
l^ 3 It will be impossible to deliver or exchange goods during
the sale.
Sale will begin TO-HORROW (MONDAY), June 22, at 9 A. M.,
I and continue until 6 P. M. each day, until all the stock is sold.
YOUR VACATION !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony is Impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now nnder the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN R. CHACE. offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and j pleas-
i ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
■RECREATION. RKST AND HOME FOR IN- ;
11 valids, consisting of large main building, cot- I
tag<»» and tents on mountalnsideover!ooki3~Nap3 |
Valley. Steam heat, elevator, collbells and night-
watch service. Massage, • electricity, medicated
and steam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moun .
tain walks are among the amusements. :'ure
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
HOWARDp. SPRINGS.
HUWAKU P. O. PUTAH,
LAKK COUNTY.
/CHANGED HANDS— RENOVATED AND IM-
\J proved. Accommodations— and service
strictly first class: rates $10. *12: special terms i
for families; postolHce and telephone on premises; ;
round trip $10: tickets at •->. P. Co.'s offices; corre- ,
spondence invited. Address PROF. JULES
IIEUOEN, Manager. ' . ■■
CISCO.
MOUNTAIN SUMMER RESORT; 182 MILES
ISL from San Francisco, via C. P. R. R. ; air and
water cannot be excelled; particulars and rates on .
application. Hfc-RSEV A FREEMAN, Pro- j
prietors, Cisco, Placer County, Cal.
WALLS SPRINGS.
HOTEL AND CABINS IN THE REDWOODS
near the Russian River. Terms very reason- |
able. For particulars address .
JOHN TAYLOR, Manager,
Hilton Postofllce, Sonoma County.
nONTE VISTA.
THE DAILY ARRIVALS AT THIS CHARM-
! 1 lug resort of the Sierras remind Its friends and i
! patrons to send promptly for full descriptive cir-
cular to C. E. KINNEY, Proprietor, or C. M. I
! HAZARD, Manager, Dutch Flat Station, Cal.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
UNDER Ni \T MANAGKMKNT.
PATES ?2 TO. Si! 60 PER DAY, $8 TO $14 PER I
XV week: all baths free.
■ ■ W. 11. HARRON. Proprietor.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
POSS VALLEY. NEAK SAN RAI*AEL: COT-
Xii tages and tents, with or without board; danc-
ing pavilion: salt water bathing. ' : - ■ .
■ ■ MRS. PET KR SMITH, Manager.
URIAH STABLES AID STAGE GOIFAXY,
WH. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOOD TURN-
'» ' • outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace ;
Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. Vichy Springs stage meeis all "
| trains. Daily stage for Blue Lakes, Laura Dell, I
j Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake.  .
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
IT Prices within the reach of all." Positive cure for i
Rheumatism, Gout, scrofula,* Diseases of Kidneys j
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases man Is heir
to. - For rates and fare, apply to
W. J. O'NJhJII/L. 132 Sixth St. j
LAKE TAHOE.
McKINNEY'S.
Most Sheltered Spot on the Lake.
A ND POPULAR FAMILY RESORT; LARGE
- v new hotel, just completed; iron and magnesia
springs; large dancing-ball and parlors; hot baths.
Free Boats and Free Fishing Tackle.
No rattlesnakes, no poison oak ; table excellent;
dairy connected with hotel. Terms, $10 to $12
pet week. Hound trip tickets to TahOv- City, $lb.
MURPHY BROS., Proprietors.
HOME REST FOR ■. ■■THE SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IX SAX JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooms; lar?e. grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
dree* P. O. box 288.
ATTRACTIVE LOCATION; PLEASANT
-TV rooms: fresh fruits, strawb.-rries, cream, chick-
ens, etc., all raised on home farm. For particular!
and terms address box 85, Seb&itopol, Sonoma Co.
SAN MATEO— FIRfST-CIiASS. BOARD IX
private family; pleasant rooms. ' Address P. O.
box 67. San Mal«o. •
'!■•■ LET FOB SUMMER- ' MONTHS— FUR-
i- cished bouse near Liomls. Placer County. Ad-
dress W. DKWiC, Loomls.
R~~ IVKKSIDK IIANi ON THE BANKS OF
Eel River, 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
doclno County: round trip »11 from .>an Fran-
cisco; fishing, hunting:, bathing and boat in un-
surpassed. Terms *7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, lruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLEtspiE, Potter Valley, Jtendocino County.
HOTEL DEL 51AK— .J,\" THE SEASHORE; 20
XX minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; tabla unexcelled: surf bathing: sailing, row-
ing, fishing; buses mcc.- till train*; children, $2
to $5 per week; adults. $9 per week: special rates
to societies and families. Address MaNAQKH
HOTEL DEL MAR. Sauta Cruz, Col., or room 29,
Maze building, S. F.
OTEL VICTORIA, BONORA, CAL,, THE
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland: altitude' 1985 feet: the * pleasure and
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the honest
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
RISON, lessee.
IVERSIDE RANCH-OX THE BANKS of
XX Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
doclno County: round trip, *9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; iisbine, hunting,: bathing and' boating un-
surpassed. Terms. ? 7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on tbe ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIK, Potter Valley, Mendociuo County.
LUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new Improvements for
the entertainment of the guests; the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. • good fishing
and bunting. Address MEYER. Benin*
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
QKYLAND, SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS,
O would like a few boarders; new house, adjoin-
ing church und Postoflice; good view. For further
particulars address MRS. H. M. CLOOOH. Sky-
land, Santa Cruz County, Cal. > . " ■ ■'"•'
A T BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY.
-<»- board tor summer -months; private.: family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fmclty. M Its. HANSEN.BeImouL
ijOARD ON A RANCH 9000 FEiST KLEVA-
< ' tlon- good room -< and first-clasi board; terms
fti per week. Address Redwood Grove, Occidental,
Sonoma County. " •
ViBOOKHII>E FRUIT FARM; FINK SHADE:
I J plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookslde. Napa.
CIASTLK CItKST, BELVKDIiRK— PRIVATE
\J boarding-house; boating, fishing and bathing;
references. -
T ORG WOODS, IDEAL. SUMMER RESORT:
J J send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, Cal.
CTPBXSB LAWN F"RUiT"FARM— GOOD TA-
\J ble: hor- comforti. T. H. KP KY. Xann. Cat.
, Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Js a powerful aphrodisiac and spsclSo tonto forth'
iexual and urinarr organs of both sexes. and »
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and bin 1-
«ler. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervlu*.
bells on "its own Merita— no long-winded tttsu<
monials necessary.' . . ,
>ABr.K. ..LIS & BKUNE, Agents.
323 Market St.. S. *'.-^ena for Circular.)TWO WOMEN
BURNED TO DEATH
Mrs. Johnson Perishes in
an Ohio Street Tene
ment.
A MAN BADLY INJURED.
Narrow Escape of Half a Dozen
People From the Burning
House.
MISS ANNA LAWTON'S FATE.
Literally Roasted to Death by the
Overturning of a Coal-Oil
Cooking Stove.
The bodies of Mrs. Henry Johnson of
14 Ohio street and Miss Anna Lawton of
6£3 Folsom street are lying in the Morgue,
both women having experienced the most
painful of deaths — by rire. Tne account j
ot Mrs. Johnson's death was briefly pub- i
lisbed in The Call yesterday morning,
the accident naving taken place at a late
hour Friday night. The house in which
she lived was gutted by dames and Angelo
i'igoni, who lived in the lower tenement,
was also severely burned about the head,
arms and lower part of his body. Several
others escaped with a few burns and
bruises.
The death of Miss Lawton was caused
by the overturning of a coal-oii stove in a
small shed in the rear of her cottace. In
attempting to put out the flames her skirts
caught fire and in less than three min
uto every part of her body, except that
protected by her corsets, was roasted to a
crisp. She died in the Receiving Hospital
at 1 :30 r. m., two hours after the accident.
Words cannot express what she suffered
in those two hours.
BURNED TO A CRISP.
Mr?. Henry Johnson Burned to j
Death In a Tenement-House
on Ohio Street.
A few minutes before 1 o'clock yester- j
clay morning the people living on Ohio '
street, between Broadway and Pacific, i
near Sansome, were aroused by the shrill ;
cry of fire, followed by the clanging of the
alarm bell from box 18. "When the engines
reached the place the wildest excitement '
prevailed, for it was known that nearly a i
dozen people lived in the tall, narrow
wooden tenement-house which was in
rlames, and only a few of that number
were to be found on the street. The situ- t
ation was horrifying to even the stout :
Hearts of the fire-fighters. The ground
floor was occupied by Joseph Figoni as a
stable. Leading to the small apartments \
above waß a steep, narrow stairway. The
second story was occupied by Angelo Fi- j
goni and his wife and son. Above them
was the Johnson family, and the top floor !
was the dwelling of Lerdo Lureacs, with i
hi? wile and two children.
The hesitation was but a second, and
the firemen dashed np the stairway with !
their hose and in the fianie and smoke j
they began the search for the occupants, j
The first found was Angelo Figoni. He
was almost unconscious and frightfully ;
burnr-d about the head, face, hand? and J
lower part of his body. He was sent to |
the hospital.
Up the flaming stairs the men fought
their way against the heat and snioKe and j
reached next landing. Johnson, who is a \
poor street- sweeper, was with them, hunt- '
ing for his wife. Alter the flames were ;
partly extinguished the body of Mrs.
Johnson, burned to a crisp, was found near
rhe kitchen window, which opened out
Dpon a roof yard on the second story. The j
body was removed to the Morgue. The '■
top'story was empty. The building was '■
completely eutted.
The experience of those in the house was
thrilling in the extreme. It was Mra. j
Figoni who discovered the fire in the hall- !
way of the second landing, and, after call
ing herhubband, she fled, screaming, down
to Pacific street to give the alarm at the
engine-house. Her husband thought to <
stay the progress of the fire Dy throwing
water on the burning walls, all the time
crying "Fire" to the to:> of his voice. It
was his cry that aroused rhe Johnsons.
When Figoni started to escape he found
that he could not pass down the flaming |
fitairway. so he started for the front win- I
(low of his bedroom. There he was over- j
fome by the heat and smoke, and when the j
firemen found him he was lying on the
bed, which was on fire, while overhead was
a canopy of flame.
A search was made for Figoni's 15-year
old son, who was believed to have per
i-died. He was nowhere to be found, but
Jater it was learned that he wa i safe. He
was aroused by hiu mother's cry and
escaped by making a flying leap from a !
window into a yard on the east, and was
only slightly scorched and bruised.
Mr. and Mrs. Johnson had in the mean
time started downstairs to escape, John
ton in the lead. When he reached the
first landing he turned to speak to his j
wife, but she had turned hack, evidently
to secure something that she prized. He
ran up the two flight* of stairs again, but
found the upper doors shut. He opened
one and the fire drove him down the stairs
again. It was evident from the position
in which Mr 6. Johnson's body was found
that she endeavored to make her final
escape through the back window, but i
being a very fleshy woman her strength
failed her and she perished miserably.
When the alarm was given in the house
Lureaes in the too floor sprang out of bed
to the aoor. One glance down the fiery
stairway showed him that escape in that
direction was impossible. lie quickly
closed the door, and, calling upon his
wife to take the younper child, he com
manded her to jump out of the window
to the roof of the adjoining buiiding at 16
Ohio street. She did so, and he, taking
the other, followed. It was a clear jump
of fifteen feet, but fortunately no bones
were broken. By the time they reached
the other side of the roof the flames were
bursting out of tlie window from which
they had just escaped.
From 14 Ohio street the tire spread to
the Porcari Hotel, E. Del Carlo proprie
tor, at No. 12, aud to Figoni's stsble and
W. Vannucci's dwelling at No. ltf. The
estimated loss on building and contents is
as follows: No. 12, $700; No. 14, $1300:
No. IG, nominal.
Superintendent Comstock of the Fire
Patrol believes that the hre was caused by
the explosion of a coal-oil lamp at the foot
of the lower stairway, as an overturned
lamp was found there. The people in the
house, however, claim that all of the
lights were out at9 o'clock, and they think
that it started from tire-crackers.
DIED IN AGONY.
Miss Anna Lawton Roasted to
Death by Coal Oil
Flames.
Miss Anna Lawton, who lived in a little
cottage in the rear of U43 Folsom street,
met with an agonizing death yesterday in
consequence of the overturning of a coal
oil stove upon which she was cooking her
dinner. She owned the property on
which she lived and rented the house that
fronts on Folsom street.
Miss Lawton had been cleaning her
-Mrs. Henry Johnson, Who Perished in
the Flames While Trying to Escape
to the Roof Yard Through the Win
dow Marked by the Cross.
house, and about 11 o'clock she went into
the shed across tne narrow yard in the
rear and started the coal-oil stove to cook
her midday meal. The wind blew in
through the open door and caused the
flame to flash up so she put a wooden
brace against the door. While passing
the stove Miss LawtoVs foot struck the
brace, which fell on the stove, overturning
it. In an instant the oil was spread over
the floor, a large flame following.
Some of the oil splashed upon the
woman's cress, and before she was aware
of wnat had happened she was enveloped
in fire from foot to head.
She ran back and forth through the
yard several times, shrieking for hrlD,
and, at last overcome by the agony she
was suffering, she fell unconscious in the
yard, near the kitchen door. The neigh
bors responded to her cry and sounded an
alarm of tire from box 61, for by this time
the little shed was burning briskly. The
Fire Patrol boys found the woman where
she had fallen "and removed her into the
house. Her only covering was her corset,
even her fine head of hair having been
consumed to the scalp. Short work was
made of extinguishing the fire in the shed.
The houses of E. H. "Windser and Mrs.
Ryan were slightly scorched. The total
damage was about $300.
As quickly as possible MissLawton, who
had regained consciousness, was removed
to the Receiving Hospital, where the
doctors at once pronounced her case
fatal. They sent for Fire Marshal Towe
and Police Sergeant Jesse B. Cook, to
wnom she made the following statement :
I am from the State of New York, and have
one nephew there with Robert Ingersoll; two
with their mother in Mexico, and one at work
in Oakland in the blind factory. Their names
are Lawton. I«m only friendly with the one
who is with Robert lngerso'l. I leave every
thing to the care of Charles Cushing, my in
miranee agent, who lives on Clay street, near
Larkin. Any and every thh:g he does will be
satisfactory to me. I am a pinjrle woman
without any brothers or Mster? living.
The way the tire started was as follows: I
wa» cleaning the house ami did not wish to
dirty the stove in the kitchen, no I started a
lire "in a coal-oil stove in the shed in the rear
of the houne to get a little lunch. I placed a
hoard in lront of the stove so as to stop the
dnitt. I think the wind Mew the board over
ami set the grease on tire thnt was In the van.
I then grabbed the pan off the stove, and
somehow I knocked the stove over. I tried to
put the fire out and my dress caught fire. Ido
not remember what else took place.
I own the house and cottage, at f>43 Folsom
street, which were insured for $2500 with Mr.
Cushing. There is no mortgage on the place.
A little later she parsed away. Miss
Lawton was about 40 years of age and was
regarded as a little eccentric. The late
Alexander Aln-.ey, the senior partner of
Redincton k. C'>., was her uncle and her
brother was once well known In Olympic
Club circles. Her other relations she
mentions in her last statement. No one
peems to know the extent of her estate.
She owned, as stated, the two houses on
Folsom street, and it is believed that she
had some money in bank.
A HOTEL BURNED.
The "Well-Known Ao.heuon Destroyed
by an Incendiary.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 21.— About 5
o'clock yesterday afternoon the Acheson
Hotel was discovered to be on fire.
The Berkeley Fire Company turned out
and worked until after midnight, but to
no purpose, and at this hour, 1 a. m., all
hopes of saving the big building have been
abandoned.
The hotel will no doubt be burned to the
ground oy morning.
It is suspected that the fire was started
by some one who desired to destroy the
property, and the officers of the law are at
work on the case. The hotel has not been
occupied recently.
Good morning, have you rend Thomas Slater's
advertisement for men on page 32 ?
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
MERELY DID IT
TO TEASE HER
Why Mine Host Lawrence
Pressed Miss Ashley's
Waist.
AN EXPERT ON HUGGING
No Make-Believe About It— Was
Not a Simple Shoulder
Clasp.
MRS. ALVER§ON IS EXAMINED.
She Had Forgotten the Name of the
Second One of Her Four
Husbands.
Two new witnesses enlivened the pro
ceedings in the Ashley-Baldwin trial yes
terday. Melville Lawrence, a mild-man
nered and meek little boniface from Lake
Tahoe, told of Miss Ashley's conduct
while she was staying at the Hotel Oak
wood in Southern California, of which
Lawrence was the proprietor.
The recital of his huggings of Miss Ash
ley furnished an interesting story to the
few favored spectators in Judge Slack's
court yesterday.
Lawrence is evidently quite an expert in
the hugging line, for he declared there was
no make believe about his embraces — he
had bis arm febout the waist, not the
shoulders of the blonde.
The matrimonial ventures of his sister,
Mrs. Nellie Lawrence - Frisby - Comstock-
Keisner-Alverson, also furnished au inter
esting diversion from the main issues of
the case. In her confession over her ex
spouses ?he te mporarily forgot the name
of No. 2, but alterward remembered that
it was Comstock — "Joe' 1 Comstock she
thought. Her testimony was mainly
corroDorative of what her brother had
sworn to.
The cross and re-direct examinations of
Witness O'Xefe were completed at the
morning session of the court. Nothing
new was elicited in the examination,
which had long since become tedious and
tiresome.
At the opening of the afternoon session
Melville Lawrence, the proprietor of the
Tallac House at the southern end of Lake
Xa:ioe, was put on the stand.
In the early months of 1893, he had kept
the Oakwood Hotel at Arcadia, Los An
geles County, He bad met Miss Ashley
and introduced her, among other guests,
to Mr. Baldwin. He never saw Miss Ash
ley and Baldwin together except in com
pany with the other guests of the hotel.
Misd Ashley used to ride horseback a great
deal with her brother, E. Porter Asuley.
Lawrence had also seen her out riding in a
buggy with J. F. Falvey. Quite often she
went out on horsebacK, but would ieturu
with Falvey in the buggy later on.
There were also amusements in the
evening, dances, card parties and other
gatherings. One evening when there was
a little card party in progress in the room
in back of the ottiee, Lawrence heard a
commotion going on in the office. He
heard noise and laughter and also heard a
Mrs. Harold laughingly calling Mr. Fal
vey and Miss Ashiey, and asKing them
wtat they were doing together upstairs so
long.
Besides the rides which Falvey and Miss
Ashley used to take in a one-seated buggy,
there was a theater party organized among
the guests. The members ot the party
did not come to T,os Angeles together, but
were to meet at the Hollenbeck Hotel
later. Miss Ashley did not arrive on the
train she was expected on, but came in
later.
Lawrence admitted he had jested with
Miss Ashley about Mr. Falvey. When he
saw Mr. Falvey coming Lawrence used to
put his arm around Miss Ashley because
he found that teased her more than any
thing else. On such occasions Miss Ash
lej begged him to desist. There was a
croquet ground where Baldwin and Miss
Ashley, among other guests, used to play,
hut Lawrence never noticed that Baldwin
paid any particular attention to Miss Ash
ley.
On cross-examination the witness said
that he leaded both the Tallac and Oak
wood hotels from Mr. Baldwin. He had
been proprietor of the Oakwood for six
years and of the Tallac for eleven or
twelve years. He hau first met Baldwin
some twelve years ago at the Baldwin Ho
teL Before he came to California he had
been in the hotel business in Ontario,
Canada.
He first met Miss Ashley in March,
18t»3. He had received letters from her
from the Westminster Hotel in Lus
Angeles, and thought she had Dot come
to the Oakwood from Coronado. Miss
Ashley had come alone to his hotel. He
didn't remember whether or not Mr. Bald
win had come on the same day as Miss
Ashley. He was sure they didn't come on
the .-ame train. Miss Ashley remained at
the hotel about a month, and Baldwin re
mained for several weeks, jle nad seen
them together a number of times, but
never alone together.
In regard to the occasion on which
Falvey and Miss Ashley were together in
an upstairs roum, Lawrence testified he
saw them coming downstairs together. He
made no objections to such conduct,
although he declared that he never al
lowed anything improper in his hotel.
He supposed that the two were going to
be married, so he did not think anything
of their intimacy.
Lawrence had never seen anybody else
riding with Falvey. He thought nothing
of Falvey and Mias Ashley riding to
gether; it was quite a common thing and
not improper. Falvey's interest in the
hotel increased greatly during Miss Ash
ley's stay. Lawrence thought his visits
during that time were four times as fre
quent as before. Lawrence had seen Miss
Ashley return with Falvey after starting
out with her brother, several, perhaps half
& dozen, times.
Mr. Crittenden asked Lawrence further
about the commotion caused by Mr.
Ilerold's question on the evening when
Falvey a.nd Miss Ashley came down-stairs
together. He admitted that there was a
piazza upstairs where gentlemen might go
to smoke, but they very seldom did su.
There were parlors upstairs which were
always kept open for the guests. These
parlori were not kept lighted, but anybody
might light them.
When he i ad put his arm about Miss
Ashley, Lawrence had done it openly in
the presence of other guests. There was
no make-believe about it — he had put his
arm about her waist, not her shoulder.
He had done it to tease Falvey, and at the
same time when he pressed her waist he
whispered in her ear: "Falvey is coming."
This was another little pieasantry of the
genial host.
Lawrence came down from Tallac last
Tuesday to testify in this case. He was to
receive no compensation from Baldwin.
He had not come merely to testify — he had
business in this City as weli. He admitted
that he was indebted to Baldwin on ac
count of a ranch near Arcadia, in which
Lawrence and his tisier had an interest.
Mrs. Nellie Alverson. a sister of Mr.
Lawrence, was next sworn. She admitted,
with a smile, that she knew Mr. Baldwin.
She also knew Miss Ashley and had met
her often at the Oakwood Hotel. She had
never seen Baldwin paying any attention
to Miss Ashley and had never seen them
together. She also had seen Miss Ashley
return with Mr. Falvey after going out
riding with her brother.
On the evening which her brother had
mentioned in his testimony she had seen
Miss Ashley and Mr. Falvey embracing
each other on the veranda. She had seen
them through the window of her own
apartment. Mrs. Alverson went down
stairs, but did not rind Miss Ashley and
Falvey there. A few minutes later the
two returned, and Mrs. Herold, Baldwin's
daughter, laughingly said she had driven
them in.
On cross-examination, Mrs. Alver3on
admitted that she came to this State about
twenty years ago with her husband, Ly
man A. Frisby. She did not remember
when, where or by whom she had oeen
married to him. She married a second
husband after she came to California.
She had forgotten not only where and j
when she married him, but who he was.
Later she remembered his name was
ComstocK — Joe Comstock, she thought.
Number three was W. Keisner, with whom
she lived at Tahoe. She aiso lived at
Tahoe with Frank I). Alverpon, her fourth
and last matrimonial partner.
She had known Mr. Baldwin a long
time. She bad stopped at the Baldwin
Hotel for a long time. She did not re
member whether or not shfa had stopped
there with her husband.
In 1893, when she was living at the Oak
wood, she was Mrs. Reisner. She did not
remember of having had much to do with
Reisner while she was at the hotel. How
ever, her recollection of seeing Miss Ash
ley and Falvey together was quite clear.
She had seen them riding together, but
saw nothing improper in it.
On the evening when she had seen Miss
Ashley and Falvey together on the ver
anda they were kissing. They also saw
her, but said nothing about it. Miss Al
verson had told it to her brotner, but had
not suggested to him to turn them out of
the house. Like her brother, she thought
PROMINENT OFFICERS OF THE IRISH REPUBLICAN LEAGUE, 1896.
that if the two were engaged to be married
their conduct was quite proper.
At the conclusion of Mrs. Atverson's ex
amination, Attorney Hinbton announced
that he had three more witnesses to tes
tify. Court then adjourned until Monday
morning at 11 o'clock.
FUNERAL OF GEN. DIMOND
Salute to Be Fired To-Day at
Half-Hour Intervals in
His Honor.
Arrangements for the Obsequies Next
Wednesday— Official Orders
Are Issue!
The death of Major-General W. H. Di
mond is announced oflicially in the follow
ing orders from Sacramento:
General lIEAr>Qi T ARTF.p.s State of Califobma)
Adjutant-General's Office, S
Sacramento, June 18, 1896. )
General Orders No. 7.
I. It is with profound sorrow that the com
mander-in-chief announces the death of Ma
jor-General W. H. Dimond, which occurred
this morning In New York City.
W. 11. Dimond was appointed captain and
assistant adjutant-general United States Vol
unteers, from New York, March 3, 1805; re
signed July 8, 1865. Served als^o as a captain
of cavalry company in Honolulu, H. I. He
was appointed lieutenant-colonel and aid-de
camp on staff of Governor George ('. Perkins
January 26, 1880; promoted to brigadier-gen
eral commanding Second Brigade, National*
Guard of California, on December 14,1881;
reappointed January 30. 1883, and February
7, 1887, and was promoted to major-general
commanding division September ÜB. 1887, and
reappointed April 8, 1891, and May 15, 189."),
and was at the lime of his demise holding said
office.
Tn the exceptional force of character dis
played by him throughout his career he
joined a .simplicity of manner and geutleness
of disposition which endeared him to all with
whom he came in contact. There is no one
living of his acquaintance who will not trrievo
upon the receipt of the tidings of his death.
11. The funeral will take place from the First
Presbyterian Church, corner of Van Ness ave
nue ami Sacramento street, Pun Francisco, on
Wednesday afternoon, the 24th inst.
111. The commmiding ofhVer of the division,
N. G. C, will issue orders thai the usual appro
priate military honors be rendered.
IV. On the day next succeeding the receipt
of these orders, the National Hag will be dis
played at half-mast on the armories, aa pro
vided by paragraph 447, Rules and Regula
tions, N. G. C.
V. The regimental colors will be draped for
the period ot thirty d»ys. (Two streamers of
crape, 7 feet long and about 12 inches wide, at
tached to the ferrulo below the spearhead,
will be used.)
VI. On the day next succeeding the receipt
of these orders a salute of thirteen guns will
be lired at Sau Franciscoat hulf-hour intervals,
commencing at 8 o'clock a.m., as per Section
429, U. S. A. Regulations of 1895. Minute guns
will also be tired while the remains are being
borne to the place of interment, as also the
salutu at the grave, provided by Section 430,
said TJ. S. A. reKUlaiions.
VII. Members of the staff of the Commander
in-chief will assemble in full-dress uniform at
the California Hotel In San Franci.sco for the
purpose of attending the funeral in a body.
Colonel F. S. Chadbourne, paymaster on the
stall' of cominaiider-in-chief, will make neces
sary arrangements for carriages for the stall".
VIII. The usual badge of mourning will be
worn for the period of thirty dayx.
By order of the Commander-in-chief.
A. \V. Barrett, Adjutant-General.
The salute at half-hour intervals will be
tired at the I'residio to-day. As the pro
cession moves on the day of the funeral
(next Wednesday) guns will be lired at
intervals so as to make the number thir
teen while the column is in motion.
After the casket is placed in the grave the
major-gen, ral's salute of thirteen guns
will be fired.
As General Graham, commanding at
the Presidio, has the proper facilities at
his command he will attend to the tiring
to-day and Wednesday. He w.ll also
send a caisson with the proper detail to
receive the remains when the train arrives.
\tipa Jiepublicntit Jtfjoice.
NAPA, Cal., June 20. — The nomina
tions of McKinley and Hobart were rati
fied by the Republicans here to-night.
Frank L. Coombs and others spoke. G.
M. Francis presided.
NATIVE BORN IRISH
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE
From a Nucleus of Eighty-
Eight the Organization
Grew.
STAND FOR PROTECTION
Southern Sophistry No Longer
Misleads the Loyal Im
migrant.
FOR HOME AND COUNTRY
The Casuistry of Deposed Bosses Ex
ploded by the Experience of an
Advanced Age.
In the political history of San Francisco
prior to 1876 it was a difficult matter to
rind an out-and-out Irish-born Republican.
On the contrary the good, generous-hearted
son of Erin had imbibed his politics from
the steamship agents of Boss Kelly of New
York, who, without any remorse of con
science, had informed the green emigrant
on his way to the land of freedom and
plenty that the Republican party was the
Government, and as such it was their
bounden duty to be opposed to it on gen
eral principles.
This doctrine imparted to the new
comer was all-sufficient in consequence of
the crushing blows dealt out to the peas
antry of Ireland by a tyrannical and op
pressive English Government, and the
emigrant arrayed himself against the
party in power, and unconsciously
dropped into the Democratic party, where
he remained and where be was a welcome
addition to the established Southern De
mocracy, winch needed votes to keep the
chivalry in office and the shovelry out in
the cold.
So long as the Irish-born American citi
zen did the voting under instructions of
the Southern planter,, by which his kith
and kin got into office, the poor good
hearted Irishman was rubbed down the
back and made to believe that by voting
the Democratic ticket, he was crushing the
British lion's skull into a jelly, and de
stroying the power of the Government
under which he lived.
The civil war, however, brought about a
change, and that change opened the eyes
of the Irish-American people.
In the proclamation of the aaintly Abra
ham Lincoln, which declared th:it all men
should be free and that all should have an
equal share in the government of this
great country, the irisU emigrant for the
first time learned that the "government"
he had been taught to despise and hate
had in reality been the very power that
bestowed on him blessings, rights and
privileges which had been denied him by
tne imposing and untruthful South
throuch its paid New York agents.
Having once got his eyes open it was no
longer heresy to believe in the principles
of the Republican party
Thus the light dawned on the Irish in
San Francisco, and in 1876, whe,n the
memorable Hayes and Tilden campaign
was on, eighty-eight Irishmen signed
their names and organized what was
known as the "Irish Republican League."
Foremost in this movement was John J.
Coffey, who never did belong to the
Democratic party. With Coffev were State
Senator Thomas Maher and Edward Gal
lagher. Those three men faced the brunt
of abuse and organized the league with
headquarters at the old Horticultural Hall
on Stociiton street, between Post and
S utter.
Thus the nucleus of the first Irish Re
publican Club was started in San Fran
cisco. From this small beginning the club
increased, and four years later, when
Jiimes A. Garrield was elected, there were
400 members enrolled. Tne Biaine cam
paign four years later increased it to 1.300,
and now in the AlcKiniey campaign there
are 2000 names on the secretary's books,
with a fair promise of many more before
1897 dawns on this City.
The Irish-born American citizen ha 3
discovered that under the Republican
Government he is not only permitted to
vote, but he can hold oiiice with impunity
and without having to doff his hat to a
scion of a cotton plantation, who, accord
ing to his hereditary training, looked down
with supreme contempt upon the plebeian
who had to toil for a living; and no mat
ter what his natural abilities were he
could not, through Southern Democratic
eyes, be capable of filling any office other
than one ot manual labor.
Having thus got his eyes open to the
generous treatment- accorded him by the
party of progress and protection, the Irish
boni American citizen threw his political
influence with the great and grand Re
publican party.
With this spirit and a fixed purpose to
stay by the good old party which recog
nizes merit and worth irrespective of
plantation birth the Irish Republican
League reorganized for the campaign of
189G on last Friday night witn the follow
ing officers: President, John J. Coffey;
vice-president, James Gilleran; secretary,
Captain H. P. Filgate; treasurer, Arthur
McGurren.
Those four are, nominally speaking, the
officers elected at the first meeting. The
working committees will be named at the
n«Yt meetint? of the league, when the or
ganization will assume active campaign
work and assist in the election not only of
William McKinley and G. A. Hobart, but
the entire municipal ticket.
OUT OF THE DESERT.
Mystic Shriners Will Go to Alaska
With Their Families Next
Month.
Among the many pleasant proposed
summer excursions, the Alaska trip of the
Mystic Snriners wili not be surpassed for
attention to detail of entertainment and
unique surprises in store for those par
ticipating.
The party will leave July 3, and have re
served the best part of the steamer Queen,
which they will transform into an Oriental
floating palace, in accordance with the
traditions of their mystic rites. The
parjy expects to be gone twenty-six days,
and their itinerary provides for every hour
of the trip.
The particular incentive of this Alaska
trip to the Shriners was the fact that there
is little or no night at this time of the
year in that region. It is to be au oasis in
the desert of life.
The following are now booked, with a
few more to hear from :
C. L. Patton and wife, J. Z. Davis and wife,
E. V. Foster and wife, Colonel F. VV. Sumner
and wife, M. W. Belshaw and wife, Georpe
Haas and wife, Dr. J. H. Hatch and wife, O. H.
Curtaz and wife, Mrs. Ella A. Judson, Miss
Sophie Peurl Judson, Miss Edith Bass, C. L.
Field and wife, C.S. Benedict and wife, Colonel
C. Mason Kinne and wife, Colonel V. D. Du
boce and wife, Dr. Wright and wife, Martin
Jones and wife, J. Harry Scott and wife, M.
Gruenhagen ana wife, Miss Charlotte D. Jud
son, Miss Emily Wilcox, Mrs. John Oiilson,
Mrs. E. G. Denmston. Mrs. W. S. Cragin, Miss
Haas. Mrs. George Spaulding, Miss Beokwiih,
Mrs. Will E.Fißher, F. H. Pitman, Bert Bene
dict, J. H. Jennings Jr., Chester Judson, I. A.
Wilcox, W. W. Imtton and wife, Miss BtiMe
Snook, Miss Kiuie McGowan, Mrs. A. W. Jack
son, Mrs. J. (.'. Smith, Miss Carrie L. Morton,
Miss Heppnor, Mrs. C. 11. Mann, Miss Hulse,
Miss R. Jennings, C. H. Murj.hy, A. C. BUlike.
T.J.Bass Jr., Fred Hink, Miss Edna Field,
Miss Alice B. Connelly, Miss Walker, Miss An
nie Jackson, Miss Annie M. Uagurity.
THE COACH IS CLIFTON'S
His I.oriNliip Denies Having Given His
Frize Aehicle to "White Hat'
McCitrty.
From a claim filed witb Sheriff Wieland
yesterday it would appear that "White
Hat" McCarty, the man of the woolly
beaver, is not the owner of that famous
coach that J. Talbot Clifton once drove as
a passenger conveyance from this City to
Burlingame, but merely holds it in trust
for his patron. When Clifton left for Eng
land, McCarty gave out with a great
flourisli of trumpets that he had been
made a present of the coach, while his son
had been made by a present of "his
Lordship's" horses.
The boast acted quite differently than
McCarty had intended, for his creditors,
who had long been vainly waiting for
something with which to satisfy their
claims, pounced on the gorgeous vehicle
and attached it for $1552.
Now Clifton, by an attorney, has made
claim to the coach as his own personal
property, and says that McCarty never
owned it.
A similar claim was filed a day or two
ago to the furniture of Clifton's Maisou
Riche apartments, which, McCarty said,
after Clifton' 3 departure, had been pre
sented to him, and which was aiso at
tached by an eager creditor of the former
horseman.
■■• : ~ NEW TO-DAY.
Has Been the Practice of Medicine
and Surgery in San Francisco
by Dr. Sweany.
THE STORY OF HIS SUCCESS.
The Great Specialist" Has Made Life Anew to Thousands and Tens
of Thousands who Had Been Given Up by Other Physi-
cians — His Specialties and Mode of Treatment.
By his skill and as a specialist Dr. j vantages in his favor, natural ability,
Sweany has completely revolutionized, the . study, experience and a mind devoted to
practice of medicine and surgery in San j his profession Dr. Sweany should have
Francisco. j achieved his enviable reputation for curing
Standing to-day, as he does, far in ad- I distressing and obstinate cases which have
vance of any specialist or medical institu- j been given up as incurable .'
tion in the country, his wonderful success As yet no case of failure can be discov-
and skill are the outerowth of several con- j ered against him, and such anility and
ditions by which alone what be has done i skill to combat and conquer all diseases of
in San francisco could be accomplished. j men and women have never before been
First, the qualifications with which na- demonstrated.
ture has endowed him, as evidenced by The Doctor's services are of great value,
his keen perception into the mysteries of | an d if any one thine be worth more than
all diseases with which those who apply j anyt hing else it is certainly the services of
to him are afflicted. He is thus enabled ; a competent and successful physician and
to clearly distinguish the exact character : specialist who never loses sieht'of a single
of the complaint and to conceive the | case until a perfect and permanent cure ia
proper and most effective kind of treat- effected. Those who are afflicted should
ment for its entire cure. . .; . ' j not waste time, money and health dosing
... Second, he is wholly devoted to his pro- | witn cheap treatments, cheap medicines
fession, having no other desire for achieve- and nostrums.
ment than to make still grander the com- _ The Doctor gives his services free of
plete success which he has thus far at- charge to the poor and worthy who call
tamed. His great stability of character, at his office every Friday afternoon and
_ < _ t . , ...... many expressions of gratitude and praise
go out daily from trie poor as well as from
jior- £^qEg§^ those who have paid him well for valuable
jjßr ■ ~*^L and successful services rendered. As a
n§. y man Dr. Sweany is truly upright, consci-
JBgl entious and charitable, and as a physician
fiafcff _ % • he is thoroughly competent, earnest and
Mm *^~^^£ £^~?^R successful, and any and all persons who
livs!) «^y|£ > ' \S^*P may be suffering from any human ailment
Y#|ff \ I whatever will do themselves a treat injus-
\ all CflL^/ H cc '* they do not call upon him, even if
\Jgj»v. ..-^^pJfmrY- Mi. their troubles have resisted all other ef-
jjgW»y/»^m|P"*^KMXJg» forts to cure. He treats nervous debility
&^&'/'%m&S jSiLWt'.^ OI every kind, name and nature far in
,"^^fv.nw?P^ («i^^^^ advance of any other institution in this
Mf/MmM^^^^^ countr - v -
J^^^-l-^mlt^^T^' .Jrlif^^Sii^ly He also treats private and chronic dis-
slr^7op^WL~. I^F^^P^p^ eases; blood and skin diseases; female
i complaints; kidney, bladder, liver, lung,
his unceasing study and untiring energy ! throat, stomach and heart disease-*: piles,
to accomplish that which he sets out to ! rupture, hydrocele, varicocele and kindred
do, together with many more great and troubles without pain or detention from
noble qualities, which one soon recognizes business. He addresses himself in par-
in him, all serve to advance him in his ticular to young and middle-aged men
most worthy ambition. wtio are suffering from the awful effects of
Third, his great advantages of study and early indiscretions, and are thereby un- :
experience in the leading and hest col- : fitted for study, business or the proper
leges and hospitals in the land, where he j enjoyment of either married or single life,
served in all departments, and where his I Office hours— 9 a. m. '12 m., and 2to 5,
great natural ability was acknowledged in 7toBp. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 12 m. only,
ail branches as being superior to his quite The Doctor's office is located at 737 Mar-
worthy but less successful associates, have ket street, where he will always be pleased
all helped to assist him in his work. to see all his old patients and as many new
Is it any wonder that, with all these ad- ones as may need his services.
NEW TO-DAY.
FOR
Staying Power
Strength for
Exertion
in Training, and in all important
Games and Races, the Athletes of
Yale, Cornell, the University of
Pennsylvania, etc., depend upon the
great African tonic-stimulant
Vino-Kolafra
In cases of Tardy Convalescence,
Debility, Muscular Weakness, Men-
tal Depression, Anaemia, Nervous
Dyspepsia, functional Heart Affec-
tions, Melancholia, Asthma, and the
coldness and feebleness of Age, this
preparation has proved itself to be a
tonic, invigorant, yitalizer and
strengthener of the highest efficacy,
and adapted for the use of .
I YWTI> I in Q of an >" ape
111 V CtllU-O or condition.
Its action is pervading and sustaining-, and
followed by no bad effect. Giving strength
to the strong it gives greater proportion-
ate strength to the weak.
Sold by Druggists generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
Johnson & JOBJMOK Selling Agents.
92 William St., New York.
SUES THE COMPANY.
! The Former Third M»t*> of the City of
Para Want* I>amiij*<-s for an A--.;uilt.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company
I was sued in the Justice Court yesterday
i on two counts by J. H. Rix, formerly third
I mate of the steamer City of Para.
One complaint alleges that on April 2ti
! lasf while the vessel was lying at San Bias,
Mexico, he was assaulted by other era
j ployes of the vessel and seriously injured,
i For this he asks $299 damages, and in a
second complaint demands $77 25 for
waees, which, he claims, are due and un
paid.
Republicans Will Organize.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 20.— County
Committeeman John W. Striker has
called a meeting of local Republicans for
June 24 for the purpose of forming a Re
publican club. The call was issued in re
sponse to a petition presented to Mr.
Striker with the signatures of a large num
ber of Berkeley Republicans. The meet
ing will be held in Odd Fellows' Hall.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO --CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam—
•,n Market street, open until 12 o clock everj
n:cht In the year.
BRANCH* OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street
rornerClay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:80 o'clock. .
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, *p«s
.*!', 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until • o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
■»'-■» FIRST CHCBCH OF CHRIST, SCIBN-
sV-2 list — services at 11 A. M. in Beethoven Hall,
336 Post m., oor. Powell. Christian science Bible
Lessons, International Series, subject: '-Jesus
Last Discourse, and His Ascension' "Science
and Health" study Thursday, at 8 P. M.. in
Golden West Hail, 320 Post street. All are wel-
come. '■ _^__
FT— s= SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
_— Episcopal Church, corner Hayes and Bu-
cbannn streets— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; resi-
dence 309 Haich: street. Preaching at 11 A. M.
and 7-30 p. m.- the pastor will preach at both ser-
vices, subject at 11 a. M-: -The Greatness of
Faith." At 7 :45 r. M.. -The Most Beautiful Thing
In the Word." Sunday-school at 12:30 P. m.,
C. B. Perkins superintendent: Epworth League ■
service at 6:30 p. m. The public cordially Invited
10 all the services of this church. Seats free.
Ushers In attendance. Prayer-meeting Wednesday
evening at 7:45 o'clock. _
1-— FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH. EDDY ST..
tt— ' rear Jones— Rev. M. P. Boynton, pas-
tor. Services Sunday. June 21, 1896. Preaching
at 11 a. m. by the Rev. J. dimming Smith, pastor
Trinity Presbyterian bur- h, an exchange with
the pastor And at 7:30 p. m.. preach-
ing by Pastor Boynton — topic: "Tne Chris-
Han's Bunker Hill." Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m.
Y. P. S. of C. E. at 6:30 P. m. Prayer-meeting on
Wednesday evening M 8 o'clock. Chrsttan cul-
ture class on Friday at BP. M. All these services
are open to the public. Strangers are welcome.
IT— s= CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
15—' corner of Powell and Geary sts.— Rev. John
Heniphlll. D.D.. pastor. Pastor Birch, Ph.D., will
preach at 11 *. K. and 7:45 P. M. Topic morning,
-What a Woman Did": evening, "Practical Chris-
tianity." Morning music: "Te Duem" in A
(>chnecker); offertory, duet soprano and tenor.
••Love Divine" (Stainer). Evening music: ■ Con-
tate Domino" in A (Holden); offertory, quartet,
•■God is a spirit" (.lennett). All are cordially in-
vited.
XXV. CH ARLESO. BROWN. D.D..WILL
B-^- preach in Golden Gate (main) Hall, 625 Sui-
ter St.. at 11 a.m.: theme, "The Glory of God."
7:;.' P.M.: tbenie,"The Hour and the Man."
So -school at Ip. m. Y. P. s. C. E. at 6:30
p. m (upper hall). Mrs. Dr. Guild's Bib.c class
In' the left parlor. Next -unlay, June 2 , music
by a choral choir under the direction of Mr. James
Hamilton Howe. All are. cordially invited, espe-
cially strangers, r
(J^-=« FI"RST UNITARIAN CHURCH, cor-
Et-^ ncr Geary and Franklin »ts.— Rev. Horatio |
btefaDins, D.D., .minister; William G. Eliot Jr.,
fEEOciaie. Morning services at 10 o'clock. All
are cordially invited.
»25S»J SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH. COR-
B~ J *' ncr of 1 wentiethand CupiJ sts.— A. J. Wells,
pr.stor. Mr. \\ ells will preacli at 11 a. m «nd 7:45
p.m. Morning subject: -A Healthiul View of
Life." Evening: "The Outcome of the or. bless."
Seats are free and all are invited. Services will be
suspended during July, Pastor's residence. 20 Lib-
erty st.
B^3g= Flr:s"T ENGLISH LUTHERAN
aS-jS" church, on ueary st., near Gough— Rev. O.
H. Ornver, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 1
p. it. !day-.-,c.ioo] at 9:45 a. M. Young p ople's
meeting at 7 p. M. Subject morning: "lie'.igio si
11 differtnc . ' In the evening Mrs. Beck-Meyer, I
a Scandinavian lady, representative of the turee j
Scandinavians kingdoms at the International :
Woman-! Congress al the World's Fair and now
spe lvi lecturer at Staniord University, will give \
an address on the "Scandinavian Reformation in ■
its Relation to our Times and Country." All are !
welco.ue. seats free. I
Iff-f^iF WEST SIDE CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
»<»' Bush st., near Devisadero— Preaching by the
pastor, Key. W. A. Gardner, topics— ll a. m.,'
••Helping God": 7:45 p. M.. "The Dead Line.'
Suiui v-schcol, 10 A. M. "» .P.S. C, E., 6:45 P. M-
... ■-.- Marion Putnam of l>en\er will conduct a pro-
tr..ciia meeting which begins next Lord's day
morning.
if jS~ SERVICES AT HOME COLLEGE OF
W^b? Divine Science, 3360 Seventeenth St., at.
2:30 p 11. Addresi by M. E. Cramer. Subject:
"Divine Healing. " Ma.iy cases of healing will b«
related that took place during Mr. and Mrs.
Cramer's late -aoi«. in Denver.
§£53^ CHL'iCil" OF JESUS CHRIST OF
m<& Latter-day Saints at 909 Market St.— Ser-
vices' every Sunday at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. I
Elder i.enrv S. Tunnei, president of the Califor- I
nia Mormon Mission, speaks at nittht. Subject:
"J'he suns of the Time*. " All are welcome. No
col.ectio.l3. ■
IHEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY — FREE
***** public lecluie every Sunday evening at 320
Post 5t.. 7:45 o'clock. To-night, "Reasons for
Belief in -incarnation. '• by Dr. George Daywalu
KT-g- THE IHEOSOPHiCAL SOCIETY —
m~-& Fiee public lec.ure every >uuday evening at
8 o'clock. To-night coin,; Constance Wacntmeis-
;er will lecture in Shasta Hall. Native sons' build-
in*. Subject, '-Devotion in Daily Lire and the
Pow^r 01 i'rayer."
SUXJAV 3Ii.JiTl>;G.
»-^s= BISHOP^JATTRIsON^r^rxo^V^ATTsTO
»— 7 .V arket s- : aeances every night except Mon-
days and Thursday-!; 2 independent slate-writing,
materialization ana tru npet mamfe-itatiODs; pri-
vate sittings daily, SI: chairs lor seance 25c:
crand <;eve:o,KUg circle Saturday - night; hours
from 9 to 4 daily.
S£^s=» DR. ROBUINS LECTURES TO-NIGHT
»-* * on '-The Gift of Healing: or, How to Live
to a Good Old Ago"; tue sick heated: mediums de-
veloped; written questions answered; convincing '
tests. Wusniiigion Hall. 35% Eddy st , 8 p. _
Magnetized paper < tickets ar.d admission free.
■ITS' AT H97 MARKET, "FIRST PROGRES-
&*& sive Spiritual Church," 11 a. m. inspira-
tional test developing circle: 2 p. m tes;s. Mr.
Hansen, Mrs. Dunham, Warren, Barton, Bird: 8
p. m. Mrs. Smith, Ladd. Finmcan, McKee, War-
ren, Henderson and others.
■iSfe V ALI FO K N I A psychical SOCIETY—
ft—^ .1. .1. Morse will lecture at Red Men's Hall,
Union s.i'iar.-. tills evening at 8 o'clock, his subject
bfeinsc, r'tutnre Life; a Criticism and a Definition";
admission tree.
jjFs* AT Dp.. RINSES' SPIRITUAL MEET-
-I£*£* iru, V'&.f : Market st., limes. Myrer. Sealey,
Dunham, Fix. Dr. stitt: 11 a.m.. 2 and 8 p.m.;
circle plutform tests, Ollice, I*J36 Market su sit-
tings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
*-« 'CHRISTIAN SPIRITUAL SOCIETY—
•»~-c M- <-,s every Sunday at Lorinn Hall, corner
Eleventh and clay, at 2:30, tree; 7:30 admission
10c. spirit n.esia>;e from Mrs. K. Hussmannand
others.
tt^S' OAKLAND PSYCH ICA.. SOCIETY,
• &ZS> Fraternal Hall, Washington .it. — Mine.
Montsgue will lecture, answer questions and give
readings, at Bp. K. Subject, "Tne Triangle."
»I~SP EDWARD K. EARL.E, THE WONDER-
IS ; - ful medium, wi.l give herof hlsremarK-
. able lest seances 10-nig.it at SCOTTISH HALL.
Larkin St., 80'c.ock admission 10c.
•sr— SADIES' AID MEETING, 110 HAVES—
BrJ?' Mr. Cowell on "Moral Effect of Modern
spiritualism." Tests, Mrs. Myers, Place, Drew;
free.
«£-3g=» ADDIE SWAIN'S TALK. "THE DAN-
&*& gers of Developing Mediuniship," and tests;
no fee: both sexes. 14 McAllister st, this evening.
{f^sf» AT 111 LARKIN, M.ME. YOUNG: TEST
Sf*** meeting to-night 10c; Mr. Mills from Wash-
ington; large orchestra; all skeptics invited.
jrT3? r V -MILLER, ETHEREALIZING MA-
» ; --=' terializing seance to-night at 8 o'clock.
636 Post st. 50 cents.
ff^^F" MRS. SHRINER, PARLOR TEST CIR-
&-& cle, to-night: 10c; sittings daily. 311 Van
Ness aye.
■JT-r^S' MRS. FULTON— LAST MATERIALIZ-
sr-*^ lDg seance to-night b<;fore vacation. 31 Fell.
>O'ilC_ ViT SlliliTlNGS.
y^ac=» CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. LF\ _"~
s>-«' and A.M. — Funeral Notice: Theoffi-^^^
cers and members of the above-named lodße^f 5?
are hereby notified to attend the funeral of ryy\
our late broker, JOHN McCOMB, in King Solo-
mon's Hall, Masonic Temple, THIS DAY (SUN-
DAY), June 21. at 'i clock. Master Masons and
friends of tne deceased are invited. By order of
the master. 1- RAN KLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
tt^S' ORIENTAL ENCAMPMENT .A*
BV-*' 57, I. O. O. Officers and mein-'Y'
bers are hereby notified of - the death of A\>
Patriarch Henry C. Man sir. and requ'-sted^ V
to assemble in Encarnun,ent Hall SUNDAY, June
21 a; 1 P. M.. to attend the funeral.
; -■ . N. E. FLINT, C. P.
w. s. Potter, Scnba.
Sp-— MEMOKIaT EXERCISES, -^ ■"i 11 -
S^ 1 ' under auspices of the li lln v CXlTtJiv'
Night Lories, will ake place in the -=^<55fS?
Public Hall, Odd Fellows' Building, ■ *" ' t^-
cur. seventh and Markets sis., THIS (SUNDAY)
AFTERNOON at 2 o'clock sharp. Hon. W. W.
Morrow, past grand mas er. and other distin-
guished brothers will deliver addresses. Mr. Frank
» ..rim and the Press Club Quartet will render
music. .It. M. worth of No. 3, organist.
j»T33S» I. O. O. F.— ANN L' AL M EMO- <f&WlO^
• sV-*' rial exercises will be held in -^TIsSSgS
Memorial Hall, I. O. '. F. buildincr.
SUNDAY AFTERNOON, June 21, "3«il~*^
1896, nt 2 o'clock sharp. All veteran Odd Fellows
are respectfully requested to a-tenrt.
W. 8. DRYDEN, President
. HoBHKT Burns, Marshal. ,
»^5K= SARGENT LODGE NO. 368, <•___•»,
£— ' I. 0.0. F.-Officers and mcui-^m^
b. rs are hen by notified to assemble -"^s^BF^^~
In the lodgeroom THIS DAY (Sun- ••^UttvS^
day) at 1:30 p.m. for the purpose or attending the
memorial services in a body in the Public Hall
at 2 p. M. C. GREMMLER, N. G.
W. d. Macdoooai,i., Ret sec • ,
WT^t^ S. F. "SCOTTISH THISTLE . ey >.
»-* Club will hold their 14th annual A, %m3j2
guther and games at Shell Mound taTJK?
P«rlt Saturday, July 4- A programme **=£?•
of events has been prepared which has seldom if
ever been excelled by this or any club on the
coast. . Valuable medals and cash prizes for all the
events. Scottish games and Scottish dancing will
be the main leatures of the gathering, interspersed
with hornpipes, Irish j reel , and jig contest*), foot-
ball, dribbling, obstruction races, hurdle sacK
races, bicycle r&ces,' etc, etc. 'Highland piper; and
a Highland wecome at Shell Mound July 4. Buy
tickets for Shell Mound. Admitsion: \dnl'ssUc,
children 26c. • GAMES COMMITTEE.
. ,"'. SPECIAL NOTICES.
; r^TicT~"
sV-fr' Notice is hereby given that MR. W. J. MA-
LONE is no longer in our employ, and that we
will not be responsible for any business transacted
or money collected in our name, NKUIIAI's &
CO., Merchant Tabors, 115 Kearny St.. S. F.
B^s«= DRS. MOL-'3IAN AND LINQUIST— RE-
»--*' moved to 1370 Market st. ; poorireated free.
jp^ BAD' TENANTS EJECTED. FOR $4:
tr^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
15— *=• COFF_Y'S COLLECTION CO.. 235
ttr***' Kearny St.. ejects bad tenants for $10; alt
costs raid. Telephone Hod 364.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
W^S* PfvTflBND No TUT.— MUTUAL SAY-
X*& ings Bank of San Francisco, 33 Post St. — For
the half year ending June 30, 1896, ■ div lend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3.83 V&) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after WEDNESDAY. July
1,1896. ' GEO. A. STORY, Cashier.
ft-— -5= HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN
Or-sP Society, 18 Geary St.— directors have
declared the following semi-annual dividends:
4.32 per cent per annum on term and 3.60 percent
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1896.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— FRANCISCO
■V-*? Savings Union, 532 California st., corner
Webb. For the half year ending with the 30th of
June, 1896. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of four and thirty-two one liun-
dredths (4 32-10 D) percent on. term deposits and
three and sixfy one-hundreaths (3 60-100) •er
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Wednesday, the Ist of July, 1896.
LoVELL WHITE, cashier.
SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
PROTESTANT WOMAN OF MUCH EXPERI-
x ence, thoroughly competent to take entire
charge of Infant or children, wants a position in
city or country. For particulars apply to MISS
PLUNK KTT, 424 Suttrr St.
■\TEAT YOUNG PROTESTANT GIRL, GOOD
J-i references, wants second work or care children
in city or count Address, with full particulars,
MISS PLUNKETT. 424 Sutterst. Tel. Main 5472.
ADY WILLING AND OBLIGING WOULD
■i act as working housekeeper in a small family.
Address M. PEN ROSE, box 42, Call Office.
pOMPKTENT AN WOMAN WISHES
KJ work by the day washing, ironing and house-
Cleanlne- Address C. G. W., box 33, Call Office.
DRESSMAKER, FIRST CLASS, ENGAGE-
ments in families. $2 per day: good reference.
Address 8., 621 Pine St.
OME FOR AMERICAN GIRL (15) IN SMALL
private American family (Protestants) for va-
cation to assist in light work for board, or place for
mother and daughter the same way, short distance
in country. 201/4 Hardy St., near sixteenth.
1 ICENSED ENGINEER, 25 YEARS' EXPE-
\-i rlence in city and the mines, wants situation:
city or country; man of family: can run dynamo
and locomotive. Address I . M., box 107, Call Office.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
\J to do chamberwork and sewing or travel with
lady: San Rafael preferred; best city reference.
Address S. A., box 161. Call.
pEUABLE WOMAN WISHES HOUSEWORK
XV or any kind of work by the day; wages $1 a
day. A ddr-ss 303 Jessie su
VOUXi GIRL DESIRES a SITUATION to
1 do general housework or chamberwork and
sewinc: good reference; wages $20. 1591 Turk.
IDDLK-AGED~YVOMAN WOULD LIKE A
situation to care for children and light house-
work: good home and small wages. 442 Minna.
"I ADY WISHES TO SECURE POSITION FOR
iJ reliable, middle-aged woman in small family:
Ik a mod cook and housekeeper. Please call at
358 Minna st., nr. Fifth.
COTCH WOMAN WANTS SITUATION, CITY
O or country: good coo.c, baker and laundress;
referei ces; also competent baby's nurse wants
position. Call Monday 537 Minna st.
V X 1 'KRIENCED GERMAN MAN WANTS
-1-i situation; Is good plain cook, good sewer or
take care of children; wages $1 8 to $20. Address
E. O. W.. box 22, Call.
RESSMAKER. EXPERIENCED, WISHES
eneagements in families. Call or address 402
Octavia st.
W ILi.ING WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
" day, washing or housecleaning: $1 a day and
carfare. 717 Howard st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND
\J of housework by the day: references. Call or
address 502 Stockton St., near Bash.
nRESSMAKER ACCUSTOMED TO FINEST
XJ work would like a few more engagements in
families. Call or address 704 O'Farrell st.
JJRIGHT YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO
Xj travel on salary or commission for wholesale
house; reference. Address Bright, box 125, Call.
S~KIRTMAKER GOE« IN FAMILIES BY THE
k5 day; $1 25. Apply 21 Van Ness aye., room 1.
I.IRSr-CLASS FITTER, STYLISH DRAPER
_ and designer; thorough dressmaker; by the
day. MISS WARWICK, 111 Grove st.
VOTING WOMAN WISHES A FEW HOURS'
1 work every day. Call 1118 Howard st.. top flat.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J to do housework; is a good plain cook; city or
short distance in the country ; wages $10. Call at
1018 Jackson st. ,
; "WOMAN OF MIDDLE AGE WISHES A POSI-
>» lion as housekeeper: city or country. Call or
address M. E., 512 Leaven worth st.
RESSMAKER, PERFECT FITTER. GOOD
XJ worker, go out by the day; reasonable. 41
Eddy st. - -
IRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO GKN-
eral housework or second work. Apply 311
Fell st.
CAPABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO
KJ do housework-, city or country; moderate
wages; has first-class references. Call or address
MRS. ELLIS, 1-928V-2 Market st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
KJ to do general housework: Is good cook; city
references: $12 to $15 month. 10 Wetmore place,
off Washington st., near Clay.
ANTED— BY REFINED WIDOW LIGHT
'» work; small wages in exchange for light ser-
vices: no triflers. Address room 11, 1118 Market.
W ANTED-PLACE AS UPSTAIRS GIRL OR
»' assist with housework. Call or address 109
Perry st., near Third..
V COLORED WOMAN— GENERAL HOUSE-
work. Apply 1006 Washington su
ITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
person to do rat airs work; is good seamstress
and is also a good children's nurse: city or coun-
try. Call 6191/4 Florida st.
RESSMAKER AND SEAMSTRESS; GOOD
fitter and draper; sews 60c a day. I M. M.. box
99, Call Office.
p IRL 16 YEARS WISHES A SITUATION TO
VT take eire of baby: prefer to sleep at home.
Please call 355 Jessie st.
WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
tt washing and Ironing or house-cleaning. Call
829 Hayes St., near Flllmore; basement,
A MERICAN LADY, COMPETENT IN ALL
A- matters of housekeeping, also fond of children,
carrtbe secured by addressing MRS. GAINES, box
82. this office. ■
pOMPETKNT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J with child wishes housekeeper's position, (-ham-
berwork or sewine; -city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market St., room 19.
V'USG LADY WISHES A SITUATION AS,
1 housekeeper in hotel or lodging-house. 203
Powell St., roam 5.
IKL WISHES SITUATION AS GENERAL
housework; is good cook. Call at 2417 Clay st.
T?~XPERIEN(jED, RELIABLE CHAMBER,"
J-J maid wishes place at springs or summer hotel.
Address 812 Filbert st.
A MERICAN LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION
A as working housekeeper; city or country.
Call or address 60V 2 Third st. or E. W. M., box 85.
Call Office. •!
T~Y ~ SWEDISH GIRL TO DO GENERAL
I ' housework in small American family. Call or
address 29 Lafayette st., care of C. Anderson,
pastor Swedish Methodist Church.
L' > ASHIONABLE . DRESSMAKER WISHES
X I engagements a: $1 a day. Call or address 3561
Twentieth st. . .
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG GIRL
for light housework: wages *b to $8 Apply
2712 Bush st. tor two days.
"Vf EAT AMERICAN WOMAN WANTS HOUBK-
—I work and care of children. Call or address
MRS. X, 1231 Market St. .
WANTED-NEAT GIRL, 17 YEARS OLD,
tt who baa neverllved out, desires place an nurse-
girl in refined family. Call or address 1905 La-
fayette st., Alanieda. . '
WANTED— BY RELIABLE WIDOW, POSI-
'» tion as working housekeeper; wages $20 a
month. Addre-s M. A. W., box 83. Call Office.
VOUXG GIRL WISHES HOUSEWORK IN
X .small family; good home; wages $10. Call
534 Second st.
■yOUNU LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X traveling companion. Call 706 Ellis st,: ring 2
bells.
T> Y A RELIABLE GERMAN WOMAN IN EX-
XJ change for unfurnished room and board, to do
sewi.ig or care of invalid, or any kind of light
work during morning and part of afternoon; ar-
rangement can be made an lady desires. MRs
E. D., box 161, 1 his office.
CTENOORAPHER.TYPEWRITKRANDGEN-
O era* office clerk desires a position; willing to
accept moderate salary : highest references given.
Address S. T., Postoffice box 2091.
TIT ANTED— POSITION AS COMPANION BY
t T refined young girl; capable and willing. Ad-
dress box 36, Mercury Office, San Jose, Cal.
TTOUSEWORK-BY THE DAY; FRENCH
XX laundress; do little cooking; speaks some
English; French family preferred. 310 a Clemen-
tina st. . ■ : I'"--"'.' ■;.;.•
\y INCIiEH 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»' Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the rrv.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALK.
HUNTICB A CO., CHINESiTaND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231. ;
pHINESK AND Japanese reliable
V^help; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLE »}4o Clay.
C.ii.CUuK'3 feOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; aLT
.branches ;ihort notice. 14 Geary. teLGrant43.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Continuetl.
"JAPANESE ; AND CHINESE " EMPLOYMENT
O office: best help. 3148 Suiter: tel "Irani 30.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V office; best help. 414 V 3 O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
X his services in the expert ing of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office.
MAN AND WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE;
man understands general work on private
place, horses, cattle, poultry; wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second worn: reierences.
Address T. 15.. box 63, Call Office.
TTURBT-CLABS WA I II- K. SB YEARS OF AGE,
JT with best of references, wishes situation in pri-
vate family or clubhouse. Address E. R., box 61,
Call Office. -
WANTED— A YOUNG MARRIED MAN,
•' a situation as carpenter on a ranch: is also
used to all kinds of farm work; can furnish good
reference. Address P. O. box 17. San Lorenzo.
p OOD ALL-ROUND COOK AND WIFE WISH
"* situation!- in hote l ; strictly temperate. W.
JONES, 944 Mission St., iv the rear.
\y ANTED— PAPER TO HANG IN HOTEL OR
'" private house. Address C. H., box 109,
Call Office. . % ' . <
yOI'XO MAX WANTS! WORK AS HELP IN
X creamer*.- to learn butter-making: no wanes.
C. P. WHEELER, Mino! Glen, Alameda Co., Cal.
TTOTJNG MAN, HAS GOOD EDUCATION,
X best of city references, thoroughly understands
the care of horses or cows, wishes to work for his
board. Y. M., box 161, Call Office.
ARDENER, PRACTICAL. or man ABOUT
vT place, wishes situation: references. Address
Gardener, 417 Kearny st.
ELDBRLY GERMAN, GOOD CARPENTER,
Xli cabinet-maker, upholsterer, wants position;
hotel, Institute or private place; city or country.
Address L. X., box 55, Call Office.
I AM AN ALL-ROUND GOOD MAN WITH
tools, an engineer and machinist: gcod habits.
Call or address rooms 11 and 12, 930 Mission.
YOUNG GERMAN WANTS SITUATION TO
X make himself generally usef.il; good references.
Address H. It., box 82, this office.
PAPER-HANGER WITH TOOLS WANTS
X piecework; paper hung 9c per roll. 620 LarKtn.
IDDLE-AGED AMERICAN WANTS CARE
I'l- of horses, cow and garden on private place;
understands poultry and the use of tools: refer-
ences. Addiess Willing, box 5, Call Office, Oakland.
yOUNG MAN FROM -THE EAST WANTS a
X position on fruit ranch. Address T. X., box
144, Call Office. _. ■
/"IOACIiMAN Olt STABLEMAN; THOR-
\J ougbly understands his business; also garden
and cows; willing and obliging; firs -class refer-
ences. Address Ed, 2258 Buena Vista aye., Ala-
meda, Cal.
"yOUNG SCANDINAVIAN WISHES BITUA-
X tion in private place; good driver: milk and do
gardening: best of references. Address C. C, box
115, Call Office.
ELL-TRAINED BOY OF 15 FROM NORTH-
'i em part of Germany Vants situation in gro-
cery-store. Apply 2811 Sixteenth si., nr. Fo:som.
\\T ANTED — POSITION AS MECHANICAL
*» engineer; understands dynamos; 20 years ex-
perience; can give first-class city reference as to
character and ability. W. W. FELTER. 566 How-
ard st.
\Y ANTED— BY MAN AND WIFE, SITUA-
'» tion in hotel, man as barkeeper, wife in kitch-
en or as chambermaid. 113 Morris aye., off Bry-
ant st., near Sixth.
GERMAN WISHES SITUATION IN A PRI-
VJ vate family: good gardener, coachman; under-
stands handling sock; good milker, references.
Address Industrious, box 27, Call Office.
you.No MAN wishes A place TO work
1 on a ranch, or for private family, in the city or
country. Address Ranch, box 33, Call.
PRACTICAL HOUSE-PAINTER, GRAINER
X and paperhanger with tools wants work by the
day or contract; will work very reasonable: city or
country. Address Painter, 23 Pleasant st.
RBB PICCTABLE BOY, AGED 14, WANTS
employment during school vacation. Please
address JESSE REIMERS, 327 Twenty-eighth st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
I week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
I VOUXG NAN, 18, STEADY HABIT"*, NO
I X vices, wants employment; occupation more
I the object than wages Address C. 1). E., box 8,
Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market — Electric lights In every room: 200
I rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus an! baggnce to and from the ferry.
rUIALK SIXI* \V ANTKI).
WANTED — YOUNG STRONG GIRL AS
kitchen-maid for the country. $20; lady's
maid, $25; waitress and parlor maid for country,
$25. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter sU
WAITRESS COUNTRY HOTEL, STEADY
'» year round, $25; 60 women and girls for pri-
vate families and hotels. MURRAY _ BEADY,
634 Clay St.
WAITRESSES FOR SPRINGS, MOUNTAIN
" resorts, country hotels, $20; waitress and
chambermaid, city, $20; German hotel chamber-
maid, $20; cook, country, private family, $20:
gir. housework private family, $15. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary su
T ADY FOR HOUSEWORK, MIDDLE-AGED
X-J German preferred; girl for general house-
worK; waitress, small restaurant. Employment
Office, 128 Fourth st.
OOKS, GENERAL HOUSEWORK GIRLS;
to lake care of clhidren. German Employ-
ment Office, 306 Mason st.
ANTED— COMPETENT COOK AND LA UN-
" dress, private family; wages $30. Apply to-
day. CATTELL'S Employment Office, 526 Eighth
St., Oakland.
\\' ANTED—A GERMAN OR FRENCH NURSE
TT and upstairs girl with references. Apply 1814
Washington sU, mornings. '
OOD, RELIABLE GIRL TO DO GERMAN
and American cooking and assist with down-
stairs work. 1816 Broadway.
\\f ANTED — GENTLEMAN OR LADY OF
"1 some means to take charge of coast agency;
one who is capable of handling agents preferred;
business permanent and paying. Address G. L.,
box 17, Call Office. -&-
\Y ANTED— A NURSEGIRL. 2b'O6 SACRA-
TT mento s:. •
USINESS WOMAN AS MANAGER; REF-
•rences required. Address G., box 83, this office
yo. GIRL FOR light HOUSEWORK-
X sleep home. Apply 204 Scott St., nr. HaighU
Vy ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
»' school; class now forming for fall work; prac-
tical; reasonable. 410 Leaven worth st.
'v* ANTED— MIDDLE- AUED woman FOR
" light housework and care of children; good
home; small wages. Call at 1906 Union at., be-
tween 11 and 12 a.m.
TTAIRDRESSINO, MANICURING, BEAUTY
XX culture lessons; agents who will handle my
toilet preparations taught free. MRS. BUTLER,
131 Post st.
T~ ADY IN each TOWN to DO writing:
Xj no canvassing: no money required; inclose
stamp for particulars- Manager, box 28, Call.
OPERATOR-HANDS ON VESTS. APPLY
128 a Hayes st. . .
GIRL, COOKING AND GENERAL HOUSE-
work. Call Monday forenoon 1626 Octavia.
GENTS WANTED— TWO LA DV CANVASS-
ers; new patented article; nell on sight: best
thing for years; investigate. 11 Glen Park aye 9
to 6. This Is a really to xl thing.
'I*/' ANTED— A BORN GERMAN GIRL, GOOD
»» accent, to talc? care of a girl 4 years old-
wages $10. Call from 12 to 6, 16U0 Taylor si.
RESSCUTTING AND FITTING taught
XJ thoroughly In three hours or less at MB& R.
L, JONES' dressmaking school. 505 Fell Ht.
© ' PER MONTH ! $5 PER MONTH ! "
«Jpc) Perfect fitting and stylish dressmaking
taught, $5 per mouth; pupils work for th<.-mK>-l v»-t,
families or customers. We furnish cutting tables,
s--win)4 machines, needles, fashion book* hot
irons, pressing boards, skirt and bust forms, also
competent teachers who are constantly overlook-
ing the work so that everything that Is done is
well none. For home dressmaking or for business
the McDowell garment. drafting machine is the
system, having received the highest award at the
World's Fair, and only. system receiving a gold
medal at the Midwinter Fair. Now Is the time
to enter the ■' McDowell Dressmaking Academy,
213 Powell st., San Francisco.
BUTTON ON CUSTOM SHIRTS IN
neighborhood of 1346 Folsom.
T ADY CASH WANTED: MUST BE I ALL
-J and of good address; brunette preferred; sal-
ary not less than $10 a week; holder < of U. S. In-
dustrial Agency '-ertiflcktes are eligible. Room
165, Crocker building.
I>ERFECT 1 II TING AND STYLISH DREHs"-
X making taught, *5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et, sleeve and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up.
McUOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
VEaT YOUNG GIRL U GENERAL II
— > work. 112 Lyon st.
/> IKL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK. APPLY
VJ 2926 Folsom st., near Twenty-sixth.
A PPRENTICES — FREE LESSONS EVERY
—A- Tues. in -lining. 14 McAllister, room 67.
AIR-DKESSING: MANICURING LESSONS,
MISS DUYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., OLD RK-
X liable attorneys, 1068 Eiut 16th st., Oakland.
AIRbRESaJNU. 26c AND'»S«; MORNING
XX anil eveciasses: 10 les,sons,sl SO. .1248 Mission.
OAT-FIN WANTED. 541 MARKET
street. ' . . ;y. ,...-. -;
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200. rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6
pfr \vt"-k: ir<-e 'bus and hagg*\'*" 'oand from ferry.
MAl,li HtLl' VVASTKU.
/ \ ER.MAX STEWARD, '"WIFE FIRS T- CLASS
VX cook, wish situations in resort or hotel; best
references. • L. ANDRE, 315 Stockton s .
JAPANESE LAUNDRYMAN, $25; FRENCH
waiter. $35, country. Call to-day 10 to 12 o'clock.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
ALESMAN-ONE TRAVELING THROUGH-
out Callfqrnla— to carry side line to retail drug
trade; big thing for a bustler. ' ROOT'S, Sixth and
Howard • • ■ ■ - ; ..■ ■ ■
WANTED— THREE GOOD HUSTLERS: BIG
" money. Address W. T., box 158, Call Office.
- -.■ . HELP WASTED -Continued. _
€>(\f\ MEN' AND BOYS CAN OBTAIN WORK
*J\J\J Monday at 7:30 a. m., from $15 to $90 per
month and found, at MURRAY & BEADY'd Lead-
ing Employment Agency, 034 and 838 Clay st.
lij WOODCHOPPI FOR A MINE. $1 PKR
■*■* ' cord; 15 woodchop))ers to cut tan bark. $1 day
and found: 20 tiemakers, 8c and 10c each; char-
coal-burner. 10c sack: 2 4-horse tenmsieri for a
mine, $1 day and board; woodchopper, Santa Cruz
County, si cord; stickerhand, $3 .>0 day. MUR-
RAY* READY Leading Employment, Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st. ';--*"
V(\ FARMERS FOR" ORCHARDS, VINE"
«-'v/ yards and farms $20, $25 ana $26: harvest
crew, good waies: 5 milkers. $20. $25 and $30: 3
old men to work on a ranch, digging asp.irngus,
vegetables, etc., $15 and found, see boss hero: 3
farmers and wives.' s3s and $40: man to gather
sacks behind harvest* $1 26 a day and sound;
man to irrigate, $20. MURRAY A READY,
Leading Employment Agents. 634 ana 636 Clay st.
1 A MEN TO PICK FRUIT, DIG IRR1OA-
• " tion ditches, make hay, etc., for a large bank-
ing company's ranch and orchard: $-0 and found;
steady job. MURRAY «fc READY, Leading Em-
p oyment Agents,' 634 and 636 Clay st.
9A LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS, $1 60
•*- V a day, city work ; stableman for a dairy, $20,
city. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st-_
"1 / ) COOKS, $25. $. J .'\ $35, $40, $50 AND f 69;
XV, 10 waiters. .$25. $30 «nd $35. hotels, restaur-
ants, resorU and springs; 6 dishwashers, $15, .$2O
j and $25: 3 bakers, *30 and $3.>; cook ior a 1 mine,
I 7 men: boy fora kitchen on a ranch, $10: cook,
I private family, $20. MURRAY it READY,
I Leading Employment a gents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
0 FIRST-CLASS WAITERS WITH DRESS
** suits -.or country hotel, $35: washer and ironer,
country laundry, $36 anu $30; man to run Sinclair j
, body Ironer, country laundry, $50. C. R. HAN-
SEN&CO. iipjj earyst. -
•>> Jahane>e~beiJmakkrs and clean-
•^ ers for hotel, $25: Japanese boy to do chores
for hotel, c. R. h ANSKN & CO., 110 Geary st
AS ' A V ER AND A M A LG 'aMATO'iTwHO CAN
run an electric motor for a mini-; Bee party
hero; $90. C. R. lIANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
"1 n QUARTZ MINERS,~S2 60 TO $2 75 A DAY,
I- \J see party here; 6 Scandinavian quartz miners,
$2 50 a day, see boss here; 20 men for laboring
work, city, $1 a day and board; 10 farmers for
orchards, haying ; , nd harvesting, $20, $25 and
*26; milkers, $20 and $80; choremen, etc. C. It.
lIANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
\Y ANTED — BLA CKSM IT HELPER,
' » young man, country shop, $-0 and found. W.
D. E\V i-.H A C. 1.. b'Jti Clay st.
\Y ANTED— FOR M AN FOR MINE; GO'
»» steady job; $80 per month. Apply to W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 FARMERS FOR NICE RANCH
'» near city, $25. W. D. EWER « CO., 626 Clay.
ANTED— IO FARMERS FOR HAYING.
»' near city, $20 and $25 per month. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
"I A NTE D— S WAMPER AND JACKSCREW-
*» er for logging rump, long job, $35 and lound,
free fare; also an all-round woodsman, $35 and
free fare. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay at.
\», r A NTED— TWO HARVEST-HANDS, NICE
» » place, $1 25 to $1 50 per day aud board ; two
mouths' work or more. W. D. EWER & CO., 626
Clay si.
\\r ANTED— 2O MEN TO eel bark, chop
»' wood and drive team, $26 per month <iiid
board, long job. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
ANTE 1 1 — FIRST-CLASS CHILDREN 7 !
"» clothing salesman; only Al references ac-
cepted. RAPHAEL'S.
TRONG BOY WITH EXPERIENCE TO
kj learn carriage blacksrnlthing; must come well
recommended. 829 Harrison su
\Y A N TED— YOU N O MAN THOROUGHLY
'* qualified for retail stationery store; state ref-
erences and salary. Address E. X., box 72, Call.
\Y ANTED-FIRST-CLASS WHEELWRIGHT
' ' at 47 and 49 Beale street.
ANTED— A- CLOTHING SALESMAN. AP-
* ' ply 523 Market St., room 7. bet. 3 and 6 P. _
W ANTED-COOK AT 15u3 MARKET ST.
OY TO BLACKEN STOVES. W. S. RAY
Manufacturing Company. 12 California st.
V OU NG~sfAN~~i TRAVEL; MUST HAVE
X $200 cash. Address Y. M., box 33, Ca'.l.
V \ A NTED~BRI(i"HT YOUTH, BY WHOLE-
*' sale house; cive aire and full particulars. A.:-
dress 8., box I6,"this office.
11 ANTED— SECOND COOK, YOUNG MAN,
'» for coffee and chop house. 8 Hayes st.
WE COLLECT AND BUY BAD ACCOUNTS,
»" force payments. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
pARtNER WANTED— ONE ACQUAINTED
X In city; temperate; rustler; reference; investi-
gate. Employment Office, 128 Four, st. I
rpRY acme HOUSE, 9..7 market ST., BE-
JL low Sixth, fora room: 26c a night; $1 a week.
TENOGRAPHER WHO IS ALSO A TELE-
graph operator. C. s., box 12. Call Office.
\Y ANTED— MEN AND WOMEN TO WORK
» » at home; 1 pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patentea method: anyone
who can read or write can do the work at home In
spare time day or evening; send for particulars
and begin work at once. . Address H. A. GRIPP,
German artist, Tyrone, Pa.
LOl><flN<-S, ScTO 15c PER NIGHT: CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 521 PaciftV, below Kearny.
\ STHMA CURE GUARANTEED: DX. «OK-
/A. din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
"VTKW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
— 1 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
60u;week$l to $2 50; reading-room; strictest atten-
tion to morning culls: clean; quiet; open all night.
CLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'OHT;
ac'M adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, teL m. 353.
BEST IN CITY- -SING 1 E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 26. SI 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
OUJIS 15c To 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO *1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
\V ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
* ' to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor. Ft ill runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160 1
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
\Y ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF I
■» some simple thing to patent? Protect yonr
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN 1
WEDDERBURN * crj., Dept. L. Patent Attor- '
neys, Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prize otter i
and list of 200 Inventions wanted. ; ■ •;■ .*' .'
MEN'S HALF-SOLING, 50a; LADIES. 40c: I
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 M arket, opp. Will & Flock's, s.F.
ALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
1 balf-solelng 26c up. 969 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
WE ARE" SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
'* your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price: done while you wait.
662 Mission sL, between First and Second sts.
\ I EN TO FEED MANHATTAN sI'UCK FOOD;
-'I all grocers keep It.
TV" ANTED- MEN TO LEARN BARBER
'» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. K. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
A RBERs- FOR EM PLOYME"nt CALL SRC-
retary Barbers' Asso., 102 Seventh. H.Bernard.
AR B K R>' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY"-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
UAittLKS' ASSOCIATION OK CAL. SI PLOY-
i-> menu Secy. I. C. Uamann. '-';-. 9 vi O'ParrML
BARBERS — : BEST-PAYING 8-CHAIB 16c i
shop, laundry office and cigar-stand for sale.
Apply or address ASA BEitDR- >W, San Jose.
YY' ANTED— THE UNITED STATES
»» Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 3(» years:
not less than 6 feet 5 inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizen* of
the United states or person-, who have legally de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further Information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
CaL
ES'l PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission St., opp. Grand Opera- I
bouse; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 60 I
and $:{-. J&dlflp,', gents' and children's misfit and i
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
KUAJiiU HOUSE, . fetid 1/2 MARKET ST.—
J-i Booms JO.  25c. to 60c. ulght: $1 :o $?. week.
iy hat 1 li i.t- & house, 529 sacramento
'» m . 200 rooms; best in the city- slnc'e rooooii
ii/ mid -lit- .i iiltfhu If 1 a week: meals 10c.
\y JNCIiKisTERIIOosK. 44TUlitDm-..AKAK
»» Murk.-t: 200 rooms. 25 cenis a night: rendlng-
roorn: free bos and baggage to and from the ferry.
YY' El), TO co 1.1. WAGES DUE LABOR
' ' clerics. KNOX Collection Aecy, 110 Suiter
I JNjjELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
' ' sts.; c.ingle iurnisn<>il mis V *>c week, 15c night.
1 I -/ I fiSal Tv 'iAKK~Loi>UIN"II AT loc, 15c
1 '"' and VOc a night, Jncludln« co«eo aua rolls,
tit* WBHiiiii^tnii st., near Kearny.
iy ANTED— SINULK Ili.oM.iriio A DAY; »l
»» »-^ak; rooms for two, 250 a day. $1 50 a wee*;
n.adlng-room: dally papers 36 Clay su
■\l EN'S SKCOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
■L'-t nearly new. 25c to $1 25. r»62 Mission.
F>HEE. BEER— SCHOONERS FOU &c;
I nlso a bo:: 1 »c.f laai-r, Sc, at «37 Clar st.
rUKNITUKK \VANTKI>.
OD-HAND FURNITURE '■« FOR COUNTRY;
£* good prices, T. LUBELSKI. 7 city Hall aye.
JC. -MUTHBII, A(M 'TIONEBiH, 601 ( ALI-
• ftu-niit si., corner • Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise. \
AM ALONE I AYS A PER I.EN I 1 MOftU
than elsewhere for furniture 10 1111 country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth Ht.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X tnre and merchandise see KURD, -211 Larkln.
I > FO R SELLING YOU FURNITURE
J-> send for- sininnrn Auction Co.. 1057 ' Market.
BASCH. mi SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
» ture. saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1188 Marlc«t; tel. Jessie 781.
PHYSICIANS.
13 emo vi<rK^R?7r7jrTnJo^l ; : o^i2oa
XV Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T. FAIL TO CONSULT . DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market ■ st. : his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. -
AGENTS WASTED. :
o[pTEl<i>Ti7T'i7AxT : Kri^ IN- 1
0 tellißPHt woman to become identified with -a !
largo firm; not under 23: previous experience not
requisite. Delsarte. Corset and Waist Company, !
781 Sutierst.
I CAN MAKE A FIP.^T-C-.VSS PROPOSITION
to a few really good agents: no books. Call j
after 10 a. m. or write FRANK HALL. 800 Post. |
HOW TO GET RICH— SELL THINGS THAT ;
people want; we have them and aluminum '
agents are in it: send for catalogue. Aluminum !
Novelty Co., 110 Sutler st. I
AGENTS-BIG BOOK; NEW IDEA: BIG HIT:
•fV low pricea; don't order campai ;n outfits until |
you see ours: the greatest campaign book of 1896;
prospectuses 50c. F. PERSON, manager sub- |
scription department, The Whitaker & Ray Coin- j
1 aiiy, 723 Market stl " i
IK YOU CAN SELL A REALLY • OOD ARTI- |
cle that has never been worked before, I want
to see you. Call after 10 a. it. or write FRANK
KALL, 300 Post sU
COUPON AGENTS AT PRIEST'S, 723 MAR-
ket st. ..,,-
~\ GENTS WANTED, BOTH LADIES AND
gentlemen: best thing In America in real es-
tate line; good money made by working it as side
tasue. RAPHAEL, 20 Montgomery su.
A GENTS TO SELL A NEW ARTICLE. AP-
xN ply 1027 Miirke st.
~ koo3ls wantjbu. "
WA.NTED-SINGLi FURNISHED " BOOM
tt by a quiet man, at the Mission. Address,
with price, Room, box 69. this office.
\y ANTED— FIjRNISHEb~RboMS, BY A
»' youns married couple; no children; wife
would help with the housework in exchange for
rent. Address A. M. N., box 143, this office.
WANTED— BY YOUNG MAN, BOARD AND
»" room; Mission locality; state price and full
particulars. B. A., box 133, Call Office.
y.r COM PETENT TEACHER
" wishes to give piano lessons in exchange for a
sunny furnished room. Address Teacher, box 153,
Call Office. I
KOO3IS AND BOARDING WANTED. I
WANTED-BOARD ASIJ^ROOM IN PRl-
vate family: must be piano; referents ex-
changed: north of Market: by young ma.'i. Ad-
dress V. M., box 122. oil Office.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
\VT iL^ox^^rßTis^vu^rc^TA^c^tfA^iiiNTr:
»» state price. Address 14 McAllister, room 32.
\\! ANTED— BABY- CARRIAGE IN GOOD
' » order. Address, slating price. 8., box 16, Call.
WA NTED— GOOD SECOND-HAND" WHEEL;
'95 or ' 96 Victor preferred: must, be in good
repair and cheap. Address, staling maker of
wheel and price, E. 0., box 7, Call Office, Oakland.
WANTED— CAPACITY 5 CUBIC
TT feet or more. MAGNESITE, 65 Union st. '
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
»lrT to A. kI.KIN. 109 Sixth st. : bond post—
LOST.
LOST— COACH~~DO?Ti nXmITIpLATE~XnD
XJ address on collar; reward. 3213 Flllmore st.
"I — JUNE 2, FEMALK DOG; RATHER
XJ long curly hHir: light tan color: weight 6 j
pounds: name Brownie; $10 reward. HOTEL
GAZETTE Office, 420 Kearny St.
TRAY COW FOUND A CO LM A ; HOL-
stein: owner call. M. CaLLAN, Colma.
1 OST— CERTIFICATE NO. 164 FOR 368
X. shares of the capital stock of . the Dutch Min-
ing and Milling Company. Finder will be re-
warded by returning same to GEORGE W. GEK-
HARD, secretary, rooms 67 and .68, Stevenson
building. 51 1 California st., S;\n Frnnclsco. ■" ■
FOUND.'
L'OCND-TWO BAY HORSES, TWO BAY
F mares, one tray mare, two hi\y colts. The owner
can have same by paying the damages. M. CAL-
LAN, Colma, San Mat<*o County. . ' , - ■
3IKDICAL.
MASSAf'E AND "sWEDiISH MOVEMENTpT.
lX Patients treated at their home in accordance
with the principles of the Royal Gymnastic Cen-
tral Institute 01 Stockholm, Sweden; rheumatism,
neuralgia and nervous weakness a specialty.* C.
M. NELSON, Medical Gymnast and Masseur.
Address 123 Tenth St., San Francisco.
\ 1 RS. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE, CURES ALL DlS-
•i'l eases or womb, paralysis, rheumatism, dropsy,
liver and kidney troubles, cancers and tumors;
cure guaranteed: consultation free. 243 Shipley.
INSTITUTE OF PNEUaIATOPATHY FOR
X healing and instructions: 2729 Jackson st.,
hours, 10 to 6; consultation free; call or write for
our "New Methods": the poor healed free. •
LX CASES Ok' IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate home In confinement; regular graduate
physician; 80 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used: ladtev consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post st., near Larkln.
R. PEN A CHECKS IT IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief; successful trea-.ment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 Grant ay-?. .
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU- i
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her !
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day; •
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed :
If you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su
A~ BLESSING TO LADIES— INSTANT RE- !
llef for monthly irregularities (from whatever i
cause) by the most experienced ladles' physicians !
in San Francisco, who restore all cases at once by 1
an improved method, superior to others: ladles !
will save time and money: be assured of honest !
treatment by consulting the doctors before calling ;
elsewhere: patients who have been imposed upon '
are specially Invited: home In confinement; ad-
vice free. DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister
St., next Hibernia Bank.
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES OF WOMEN A |
specially; unexcelled in restoring irregularity i
or other conditions; home in confinement; best of !
care: low fees; pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market st. to 904 McAllister st. -
L~A DIES, CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT.
XJ ill 6 Powell sU; only qualified specialist; $500 ;
for case I fall to cure: diseases of the eyes treated. j
TJkCARDS PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A j
X specialty: also "Pine Baths." Rooms " 3 and 4,
MacDonough building. Oakland. '
RS. DR. AVEGENER takes LADIES be-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy su
IF. IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dis-
ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 264y-2 Fourth st.
■VJ ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT;" |
i.l all female diseases treated; expert physicians; ;
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearny aU, room 9." :
PRIVATE HOM.K IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
X DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth »t., Alameda. .
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, oy
MKS. DR. GWYER, 228 Turk St.
I »R. 11,11.1,. 14 —CALLI&i -to STREET, .NEAtt
X/^Jenes. I>i*easf>s of — omen and children.
LPKAU'S FRENCH Tills— a boon to !
ladies troubled with Irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure; $2 50 <_press C O. D. don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaL
L>_NTISTS.
T.IKST-CLASS DKN VltfT&y : ~~fTrPi>clmSS
I piices: first-class results: -painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 600 Suiter St., corner Powell.
• R. DUCKETT, 1703 PO>T ST., NEAR BU-
-1 ' cnanan; gas given; crown aud bridge woric.
R.L. T. 1 RANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without ,
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant avrs.
ROUME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 M A
V. ket, hi- 3d and 4tfa, gas specialists; ouly reli- ;
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
inn $5; fillings frm $1 ; extracting 50c, wilhgassl.
(Jl»7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED As"
■Up I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist.. 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
D.i. LUDLUM HILL, .1443 MARKET ST..
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when.
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
"VULI, r^r OF TKKIH, $7; WARRANTED
X I five years. Dll. V. CA VaLSKY, 21 Sixth st.
ET OF I'KKTH WITHOUT A *-l.A'i'E. UK, H. |
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk su -.•... . |
7 \R. GEORGE W. LEEK, THK GENUINB
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of oalnlesa extraction
rid patentee of improved . bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 10 JO O'Farrell st-
AI N L 1: ss XT I A ION." 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty, plates, $5 up: 13vearV
experience. R. L. WaLsH. 1"), D.M.. 816*4 Geary.
I iuu'o.n d Joint aU assuuiai iu.\.'»ij6 jurt*
V ket St. DR. CHA W. DEC XX R.
I K. J. J. LEEK, MARK Kl', CO K. OOLDKN I
U Gate aye.— Open eventnev. - Sundays till noon.
AU* WORK REASONABLE AND WAJk> •■
■t\- ranted. DR. J W. XXV 1 12 i Market su •
BICYCLES.
9 BICTCLBS, ONE P K ICE7^Si6o7^96~TASn
— dem never used, and almost new blcvcle, both
for 150. Address Bike, box 126, Call Office. ,
JW IN 11-.i.Dl'H ARSON, 216 MCALLISTER. j
. ireadquartersLu-mi-uum and Thistle bicycles
QECONDIIAND " WHEELS IN PERFECT
i ' order: terms, cash or Installment;-. Crescent '
$26, Cleveland $30, Victor $40, Crawford $33. !
DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary si.
OP. NEW FALCON ; HIGH DE; 845 AND
UO $55 each; half price-., few left. GEORGE
WEBB ALEXANDER. 401 Market st. •' ' •
UICYCLES, 1896 MODELS. $25 TO $6tT. HAM-
-IJ ilton Cyciery, Baker St., near Hayes. - , -
1. ICYCLES FOR $20, $25, $85,"540, $45,
1) $50, second-hand. 306 Post st. • .; -
TT<OR SALE— '96 RAMBLER; WARWICK: IM-
X I penal and Clipper bicycles at great ba. gains.
303 Larkln st. : -- ; • ;. . .-, .
ARK CYCLERY -NEW WHEELS TO LET;
best ' accommodations. Terminus - Usury, Me-
AUlater and Powell su car line*. ■ .. •
ITYI'JBWKITKKS; ..-:
"SPLENDID RE"MINGTON ,"S4O: SEND^ FOR
sample work. SCOTT _ BANNAN, 333
Montgomery st. . : ' : .'. i :- '
BUSINESS CHANCES.
QvTrrv'^FiNE GROCKKY _NX> BAR, BEST I
<Ir*irt)l". location in city, good business, sells 8 |
barren of beer a week; only reason for selling,
other business: see this at once. T. LUBEL-iKI,
7 City Hall aye. ______
_/>AA GROCERY ANDBAR: FINE EST AB-
<JrDUv/. lished place doing good business; the |
stock is fresh: rent cheap and the locality fine;
nee this at once: a rare chance; good reason for
selling. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. j
Oft/ I A PARTNER IN ELEGANT"? AY !
«35OUU. business: will stand the fullest investi- |
gation; rare chance for young or middle-aged |
man; only object in taking partner is to enlarge
the business. T. _ÜBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
I 4Tu\ aX ELEGANT BUTCHER-SHOP
«ip liuu, across the , bay. with two horses and j
wagons, fine fixtures, safe, cash rex ster: workinsr
3 men and doing fine business; object 01 selling
investigate T.LUBKLSKI.7 City Hall ay.
"^ftrilT^lN STATIONERY AND COXFKC- !
tJUUu, tionery business; in good locality: rent
cheap; with 3 elegant living-rooms; the best bar- [
gain for the money ever offered in this city; see !
this to-day. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
SPOT CASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF MER-
chandlse. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<Si. inn VEGETABLE-STORK AND FP.UIT-
■jJpXU-Lf. stand.' $150— saloon: paving fine.
$7L'O— Sestaurant: worth $l' 00; see this.
$200— Branch bakery and delicacy ;worth double.
f 1100— A snap in an eleeant grocery.
T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye., for bargains.
fIC/i COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE;
<J) 1 OU. worth $730. DECKER, 1020 Market.
A LOON; BEST LOCATION NO REASON-
abIe offer refused. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
ftQfin BAKERY: FINE CORNER:3 ROOMS;
O\J\J. bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
ajjlTnTk wood, coal and express busi-
•iJpOUv/. ness; 4 horses, 4 wagons; boiler, engine
running: saws, scales, etc. : positively clears $150
per month. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market St.
UNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE
*J general merchandise and hotel business In
Tuolumne County: doing a business of $4000
monthly; five acres of ground on prlrclpal stre-t;
business yielding good returns. EASTON, ELD-
RIDGE <fe CO., 638 Market sU
/ IOOD CHANCE; SMALL CAPITALIST:
yjr safe investment. Apply A. H. ELLIOT, At-
torney-at-Law, Nevada block, Montgomery st.,S. F.
5j7-7m FOR SALE TO CLOSE AN ESTATE;
»J)Uvv/. stationery, bakery and variety store at
1010 Buchanan st.;" rent of store with 4 rooms
and bath $22 50. Apply after 2 o'clock, J.
REIMER, Attorney-at-Law, 509 Montgomery st.
"DARE CHANCE— FOR SALE.A ROADUOISE
IX near Haywards; 9 rooms and 1 acre of land.
For particulars address PROWSE _ O'NEILL,
Haywards, Cal.
*}£,nfl FIRST-CLASS SALOON; LEASE;
nJP—tJ-Uv/. good trade; owner retiring; chance
of a lifetime. Address C. 11., box 139, Call Office.
"JTIXE CASH MERCHANDISE BUSINESS;
X 1 adjacent to this city ; capital $5000: satisfactory
reasons for selling at a sacrifice. Owner, box 21.
Call Office, >
PHYSICIAN WANTS ANOTHER TO ASSO-
X ciate In opening dispensary. Address Regular,
box 33. Call Office.
•ESTABLISHED CANDY AND ICECREAM
-I— factory; reasonable. 403 Jones st.
•ftQlinn one of THE BEST paying
«3F O\J\J\J . summer and winter hotels and health
re.sorts in California; on railroad: magnificent
scenery; well established; pays $2&00 a year net
and growing. H. M. WOOLLEY, 632 Market st.
THIRST-CLASH BEER SALOON; CEN {'RALLY
X located; near Market St. For further particu-
lars address EDWARD CONOLLEY. 502 Mont-
gomery si., or call bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
V\<* ANTED— GROCERY AND BAH IN GOOD
'» location, or suitable corner store with living-
rooms. c. H., 1818 Polk st.
"li^Oß EXCHANGE FoR SOME BUSINESS OR
J/ other property in this State 80 acres of fine
farming land; Walla Walla Co., Wash., free. MAO-
GILLIVRAY <t C 0.," 1028 Market at.
RARE OPPORTUNITY. — GENTLEMAN
having $6000 can buy half interest in a new
article of manufacture that will pay net over
*100,000 In 12 months sure; can prove it pays
500 percent profit; no competition; want gentle-
man of good business ability to join in placing '
same on the market In the Eastern States. Ad-
dress Investment, box 22. Call Office. ■
SA LOON FOR SALE— GOOD LOCATION, GOOD
O stock; no reasonable offer refused. Inquire
room 40, Chronicle building.
ANTED— PARTNER IN WOOD AND COAL
business;, horses, wagons, etc.; lease; house
rent free. Apply Call Office. (.--"'r
OUNG BUSINESS MAN WITH SOME
X ready cash wlsheH to . secure a . position, or
would Invest in business enterprise in city or coun- '
try. Address J. S. W., box 17, Call Office.
Tj'RUITSTORE — GOOD BUSINESS; TRANS-
S- fer corner. Flllmore and Turk sts.
pOLLAR AND CUFF DEPARTMENT TO
\J rent free in custom shirt store; best lota. Ion;
entab.ished trade: best goods; young man pre-
ferred. COVERT, shirt tailor, 312 Montgomery st. 1
AN WITH $100 TO JOI.s ME; MU..T MEAN |
business. B. 8., box 12, Ca 1 Office.
HAVE SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR !
party who will invest $200 with me; will !
guarantee $100 a month salary and expenses; must
go East and furnish references. F. A., box 9, Call. I
\V ILL TRADE OR EXCHANGE BAKERY
» • outfit, horse and buggy, electric fan, bicycle,
orange land, town lots. Columbia, 128 Fourth.
/GROCERY AND BAR; FULL FIRST-CLASS
VJ stock; 3 rooms attached. Fifteenth aud Dolores.
ROCEK WANTED TO START CASH GF.O-
cery: cheap rent; neighborhood without one.
Apply 2201 Adeline St., Oak laud.
(JO 'jj|U SALOON; Al; BEST RETAIL LO-
«Jpi-*Ovv. cality; strictly first class; small ex-
penses; good profits; desire 10 sell Immediately,
account of sickness; every opportunity to investi-
gate. Address W. 4., box 81, this office. t '.',- : ;
ARGAIN— FOR SALE, CHEAP, A ClGAR-
■tore. 8 Clay st. .
AXE $V-:0.000 A YEAR ANYWHERE WITH
my specific Consumptive Treatment; thor-
ough clinical instructions given. ARTHUR MAR-
TEN, M.D. ,
p ROCERY AND BAR; TRANSFER CORNER.
vJT Apply this office: no agents.
■211 (.fkft HA I-F INTEREST IN OLDESTAB-
•iIpiv-UU. lished, well stocked, good paying
general store out of. town; double value .in sight;
trial given; 1 partner retiring. Apply Call Office.
ESIAURANT; GOOD LOCATION; . WELL
fitted up; offer wanted. v»\ 0., box 8, Call.
\?AN~WITH $150 WANTS TO BUY INTER-
I'I es! in paying business, groceries, etc.. across
bay preferred ; no agents. DELAIN'S, 2106 Mar-
ket sU
"DESTAURANT: FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOR
Xt sale cheap on account of sickness: will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and climate suitable . for consumptive.
Call or address 3321 Mission st.
2* OLD ESTABLISHED FURNITURE-
store: cheap; owner cannot attend business.
936 a Folsom st. '
PHARMACY SAN FRANCISCO; WELL
X located and stocked ; price low. Address R. E. !
T., box 9. Call Office. .
f\ OOD-PAYINGCYCLERY; BEST LOCATION
V.T in the city; best, of reasons for selling. Box !
16, this office. .
ELL-PAYING HAND LAUNDRY FOR
tt sale. Apply al 109 Hayes at.
AYING LIQUOR-STORE WANTS PaRT
ncr: $750. part cash, balance out of profits;
sickness the cause. L. 8., box 92, Call Office. .
ijj. 1 tn AN EXPRESS BUSINESS; GOOD
X. <JV . stand; clears $80 per month: sold on
account of sickness. Apply cigar-store, 205 Larkin.
L» ARBERS. IMPORTANT NOTICE -A FINE
X> chance to open a shop In the growing town of i
Fitchburg, on the San Leandro road. See real !
estate agent in Fitchburg.
'oil OEM A X H WITH SMALL STOCK CAN
O do well in Fitchburg: no opposition; public
school attended by 150 children, one block off. j
See real estate agent, Fitchburg, on the san Lean-
dro road.
PARTNER WITH $100 CAPITAL WANTED
X by lady of means. Boom 2, 12 Mason si.
L OR SALE— CIGAR-STORK AND BARBER.
-T shop; good stock; price $325. PHILBRI'JK,
-548 Folsom St.
,J.ilAf|A LIQUOR- STORE; . WHOLESALE
■jJp/.UUv/. and retail; paying well; located on i
gnod business corner: including 3 horses and wns- |
ons; excellent and old-established rieer. wine and
por.er route: stock alone is worth about $2000 per :
inventory: investigate this for a great harcuin. I
L. UESTERREICHER. 630 Market St.. opposite !
the Palace. ■
C« IOH BARGAIN: OLD-ESTABLISHED CI- i
fj) lUU. gar, candy ana notion store; large-' star- !
dens, cottage and summer house; opposite Uni- |
versity Gate, Berkeley; June ion 1 elegrapb aye- :
mi railroad cars stop In front of store. Apply on
premises.
I?OR SALE— THE PA 1 ENT RIGHTS OF A
X: newly pntented machine, called the Farmer's i
Pr.de, consisting of an improved harrow and roller I
which also can be worked Li connection with se"d-
sower. Inquire at ANDREW KRUCCKELS.
1154 Washington St.. Oakland.
..Tj'OK SALE— VERY REASONABLE: ONE OP I
X the ' best dye works in the city; perfectly '
equipped; long lease; very low rent; urtesian well;
central location. For particulars, . branch office,
619 Valencia st. -
f'-OR SALE, AT A SACRIFICE. A SI'LENDID- I
paying restaurant between 2 carhouses: rent i
only.*l7, living rooms included: own*-r retiring
from boalnesa. Apply at once 3279 Mission st.
' ANTED - BY COMPETENT MAN AND
wife dining-room and kitchen furnished. Ad-
dress D. R.. box 63, Call.
C£|-j; BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
«© -I.' • O. notion store on account of death. • Ap-
ply Call. '• •
<B» I ' A HOTEiTbUSINESS; CLOSE TO THIS
♦IDVcIV/. city: three years' lease. PHILBRiCK.
2548 Folsom st. . ->•■.••
FRU ITSTORE FOR SALE; REASONABLE;
.on account of death. Cor. ' Twenty-third and
Shot weir sis.
ENERGETIC MAN WANTED BY LADY as
partner; country business; $50. Room 9, 122
Post st. ■•:'--■•;•:;.;
VIMLL SELL WHOLE OR HALF INTEREST
'' In good paying saloon. , 989 Pacific at.' ' '
SALOON; LONG LEASE: LOW RENT. AP-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
PARTNER .WANTED BY A LADY'; GOOD
X proposition; $75 capital. 11 Taylor St., room 1.
BrSiyESSCHAN CES-Contlnned.
a>'~f\(\ "BRANCH BAKEKYs DOING VERY
fTnOUU. good business; daily receipts above
*10- 3 living-rooms-, rent *22; rarest chance.
V.'ILKE* WOLF. 531 California st.
AOCAA 1 steam" "" ' laundry: EST AX-
S)OOUU. lished for years: all modern Improve-
ments- doing large business: 4 horses ami 4 wag-
ons- owner owns property: will give lease.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California
■ ffIOKA SALOON; ESTABLISH EH YEARS;
>^.jOU. rent $30; lease; average daily receipts,
«15- near Market Hall; actual value, $1000. tall
WILKE * WOLF. 531 California st.
inCk BARK CHANCE; FIRST-CLASS
.Sb4UU. r?stauranton principal street of Hay-
wards- doing a good business: sell in? on account
of sicKiiess. Address D. C, box 45, Hay wards Cal.
.NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
.A "for cash; city or country. M., box 2. Call.
/I OOD ROUTE POM SALE ON Tills PAPER.
G Apply T. P. KIOP.DAN, Market, room 2.
" l\nt\ CHAMPAGNE BUSINESS FOR
SiOUUU. sale: well established: complete
manufacturing plant: stock, etc.; principals only.
Apply F. 1. CASTELUUN, rooms 4 and 5,325
Montgomery st. ■_
UAKEKY, NOTIONS AND CANDY STORE
0 established for years; nice living-rooms. 1029
Valencia st. *
ROCERY STORE, 3 ROOMS, FIXTURES,
VJ some stock, to let. 2201 Fifteenth st.
TJLACKSMITH-SHOP FOR SALF CHEAP;
X) good place; $150. Inquire AM Fifth st.
ffljOAftn FOR HALF INTEREST IN A
ip.jUUU manufacturing business. 328 Bush sU,
room 4.
/CHOICE INVESTMENT OF HOTEL PROP-
Verty: pays 12 per cent: $3000 orjMOOO cash;
grocery or bar as par: payment. 1019 Ellis.
fIOOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
VT close estate; business esU since 1869: amount
needed «40,000: owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. P., box 137. Call Oftice.
<_'-jnfl WILL BUY GROCERY AND BAR;
%£)O\J\J 4 rooms furnished; rent 815: whole
hous'-; other business to attend to; a snap. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth st.
l/OR SALE -OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON
r and wine cellar In a near-by town. Inquire
WICHMAN. LTJTQBNB Jt CO., 318 Clay SU
1 \RUG-STORE— SIOOO WILL BUY A PAYING
U store; invoice $1600. Address Drug, box 59.
Call Office.
louginu-uousks FOB sale.
I'^^o^Twa^ct^t^^u^o^^el^^a^odg^
Ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
I O ROOMS; NICE HOME; EDDY ST... *35')
1 & 16 rooms; bit- bargain: Powell st 550
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel, only 50
36 rooms, corner, oak furniture: piano 1100
60 rooms: $125 a month guaranteed: none better.
25 rooms to let. unfurnished; elegant house.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
1 r-KOOM COR. HOUSE, NEAR BALDWIN;
i-O must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
CA ROOM HOTEL; RKNT $70: BUSINESS
OU location; $1600. DECKER, 1020 Market-
IfiOß BARGAINS IN LODGING-HOUSES SEE
J? STRAND & CO., 917 Market st. ,
DAKGAIS- 14 ROOMS. FULL OP STEADY
J_> roomers; north centraL Address B. C, box
161, Call.
ill ROOMS; BEST-PAY HOUSE; CHEAP ;
_O easy terms. 115 Second St.
T ODGING-HOUSEB BOUGHT, SOLD AND
XJ exchanged. PHELPS <fc CO., 917 Larkin s:.
\\J ELL-FURNISHED, GOOD 57-ROOM LODG-
TT ing-house: in a good location. 613 Mission st.
nn WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR $575:
_O low rent. Inquire grocery, 40 Sixth st.
UOAItDING AND LODGING HOUSE FOR
i-> sale at 39 Pacific st.
HOUSK OF 15 WELL-LIGHTED ROOMS
suitable for lodging-house: S2O. 544 Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
_O.- arranged for lodgings or hoiKkeepiii^*.
*"UKNITUK_ tUB SALE.
I"~^o^~S^L^^? ; l?oTi_^FL^T7^C^ll^^
JT and newly furnished: rent $30. 125 Grove St.
9 BEDROOM SETS, DINING-ROOM TABLE
*-> and stove; cheap. 607 California st.
>OR SALE OR RENT— FURNITURE OP 7
J rooms; a bargain. 1029 M arket sf.
A SPECIAL SALE OF BED-LOUNGESI
50 bed-lounges (worth $7 50) *4 00
Floor oilcloth : 20
English Linoleum 33
Brussels Ci.rpet 45
4 -room outfit, solid oac 75 00
SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market st.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or 500 1
as new; cash or lime, open evenings.
IRE SALE"?
Prices stand till goods are completely dlv
posed of.
Oak bed sets $11 11
B?d lounges 8 )J
Stoves - 7 5<J
Carpets, peryard -. 55
Linoleum, per yard .~... 5S
Matting, peryard 13
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we art) conducting busioas*
■v SK. corner bevemh and Mission bu. i.
NOON AN.
"77777 CAUPbTS; CHAMBER WETS, *14.
il'U stoves. $5: parlor sets. 820. fold hod 1
$10; bed- ounces, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4:h.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THis
■I V WEEKLY' CALL. In wrarroer. for mailing.
CAKPKX CLKANING.
ones" CO. rAH?ET^^CLKAsTsii AND
renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
/CARPET CLEANING, 3c; LAYING. 3& : RUG
v. samples free; telephone Jespie 944. sTISAT-
TON, 19 Eighth St. '
p REAT WESTERN CARPET-BEATING
VX works; latest machinery; cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
IUHKN-YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
'» poor wore send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
/"•AONKLIN'S CARPET KEATING WORKS. 33J
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
IT V STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
\J tine. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
PARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATE
V,' like new. FERGUSON & CO.. 23 Tenth: t_
Bouth 8«. D. MACKINTOSH CO.. successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. J49
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 71.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REX-
. ovatlna; works. 453 Stevenson; ml. south 228.
UOKSES.
I~~E1BoTt)~H~a!hlNKSS COMPANY: 500 SETS
J of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. II') McAllister st...S. F.
Alt NESS. TEAM, EXPRESS, BAKERY
wagon: also 2 cheap horses. 1620 Mission st.
\V r ANTED FOR A FEW MONTHS— GENTLE
»» business horse for light work in consideration
of excellent feed, shoeing and good treatment:
-Sundays and holidays at the disposal of owner If
desired; references given. Address S. J. L., box 3,
Call. . • '
T~;T?V SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
-LUI/ ness,- all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts must be sold. 1128 Mission v
A UCTION SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES,
A wagons, harness, etc.. at Derby stables, 645
Geary.cor. Leavenworth.evpry Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. H. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
CAA SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND Ha H-
O\J\J ness; all kinds: bnggy.wagon. carts, surrey
* rocknwav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
Afi HOHHES FOR SALE; ALSO WAOOXS,
til/ buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Homo-
Market, 827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE, Auctioneers.
Horses PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
!.-!r. Th" v<le Ranch. 630 Commercial st-
WAGONS AND CAKKIAGKS. •
T?OR~SAIK AT EASTERN PRICES, FINK
1 carriages of every dese iptlon; cash, notes or
installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 8:h st., S. F.
LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING t. LOVES;
O samples. H. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sanaome SU
VTKWAKU SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
Xl dry. milk a-id grocery wasons: also rock-away
and L' fine hngglp.i. ■ 82S Harrison St..
OIL SALK -MiaC .T.
\TKW 1898 HIGH-GBAD » ' A \] } ~ BI-
«-' cycle at a great bargain. IRA SORRICK, 14
h-ansome street, room 37.
IVOR PALE-FKKSH FAMILY COW: DUR-
r ham-Holstein. 215 Linden aye., nr. Franklin st.
OT. BERNARD PUPS. ROUGH COAT, THOR-
-0 ou"hbred- sired by largest St. Bernard in the
State. 812 Elizabeth su, west of Castro.
TRRIGATOR-., 4 AND 8-HORSE SECOND-
-1 hand casoilno engines, first-class and cheap-
Address G. E.. box IUO. Call Office.
T7»OB SALE CHEAP — TEAM. OF YOUNG
X mules, harness and wagon; good roadsters.
Apply 1913 Magnolia St., Oakland.
J-'OK SALE-1 15-jIORSEPOWER ENGINE,
J; good as new, cheiip for cash; »-li: trade. Shoe
Factor;-. Sixteenth st., Oakland. .
0" NE '96 IMPERIAL WHEKL FOR SALE. AP-
ply at 5-.» Turk St., 2 to 4 P. M.
TSINK GASOLINE COOKING STOVE FOR
J camping; bargain. 143 Bartlett'aU -i-'
RILL;. BAKNES' 20-INOi 'SWING SQUARE
base, cheap: or trade. 516 Mission st. ■ ,
C~"oTj nt k r s. SHELVING, , SHOWCASES
boughtand sold. 1121% Market, bet. 7th A Bth.
BARGAIN* TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES:
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 810 California.
I OILERS,ENGIXEs,2I>-HANDMACUINERY,
II waterpipes. Mclntosh _ Wolpman, 137 Beala.
1 .UIL.DJNUS BOUGHT; LUilllEß, -iA-SHtis"
I > doors, mantels, etc.. fit sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE - SMALL MEDIUM AN 1» LA ROE SIZE
are and bnrgisr proof safe. 103, 111 Market v,.
L^IRE AND .BURGLAR SAFI*. .LETTKR-
J. press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 10*J Clay.
NBW RANOKS CHEAPER THAN SKCON'U-
-L^l hand. W. a RAY Mff Ca, 1U California •(.CITY REAL ESTATE.
Q. H. UMB&EN _ CO. ~
__ REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Office and salesrooms, 14 Montgomery St., near
Market.
bargains just RECEIVED.
K^n- II1KXrl ' : NEAR GOLDEN GATE PARK;
AT A SACRIFICE.
S'-i'S(H) REDUCED FROM $4000 TO MAKE
!^,V * Immediate sale: for a few days only;
modern residence of 8 rooms and bath on Golden
t-ateave.; 30x100.
DOWNTOWTS RESIDENCE; CHEAP.
,SQ9^n RESIDENCE OF 10 ROOMS AND |
«{ ,m Xf ' bath; »'-l modern improvements; lot
oixiuo; conveniently situated on Larkin si.
MISSION STREET. NEAR 19TH.
>s T 7 ( \ MXE RESIDENCE OF 1 1 ROOMS
«_> « I *J\J. and bath: flnt- location for Btore«and
Bats; would pay handsomely: mortgage of $5000 j
can remain,
mission ROAD speculation.
V'J^'^H MISSION ROAD, NEAR SIX-MILE
<>-.%J\J. House; 165 feet fromaze, running
through to rear s:reet: will cut up into 7 lots: elec-
tric cars will soon pass this property.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
(>AA GILT-EDGE INVESTMENT; I
•. i_.\*UU. corner on Eddy street, 120x85, i
covered with good improvements; paying hand- '
some interest on the Investment.
PARK COTTAQE. CHEAP.
QOAAA CORNKR ON SULLIVAN STREET.
«jnOUUU. near the park; 5 rooms and bath; 25 i
xiO7; mor:gageof SI 800 can remain; must be sold, j
MISSION COTTAGE: CHEAP.
ft Q7 X A CORNER ON NTH ST.; CLOSE TO
«IPOIt)V. Mission St.; cottage of 6 rooms and
hath and lot.
CHOICE PARK RESIDENCE LOT.
<BI9PvAA FELL ST.; FINE LOCATION FOR
C-«'W. nice pair of flats; 25x100.
CHEAP DOWNTOWN* FLATS.
<B*O"-.AA vallejo st.; 2 flats of 4
V OUUU. rooms and bath each; rent $32.
SOUTH BIDE INVESTMENT.
IQAA BUSINESS PROPERTY: MINNA
•j. *±OUU. at., near 4th; 2-story building, store
and flats: rent $50 per month.
GILT EDGE WESTERN ADDITION INVEST-
MENT.
Q - 1. 1" Ci 2 TWO-STORY RESIDENCES OF 8
0 I '->O\J. rooms and bath each; well situated
on Baker St.; rent $70 per month.
Bargain in A mission COTTAGE.
v-«;'l(\|\ REDUCED FROM $2800; MUST
» -.IUU. be sold at once: cottage of 5 rooms
and bith: 19th st., near Castro.
ANOTHER MISSION RESIDENCE CHEAP.
<59Qr:A- NICE TWO->T >ry HOUSE of 6
*_ —<• »''*. rooms and bath and stable; near
Sanchez and Market sts : rent $ - J5 per month.
BARGAIN IN A WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
<Jt*>ftftn SACRAMENTO ST.. NEAR DE-
C-O')U. vlsadero; 25x132; ail street work
done.
COTTAGE NEAR THE PARK: CHEAP.
<•! n, (1 MAKE AN OFFER; MCALLISTER
O lU' U. St.: large 2-story (partly unfinished) i
house of 6 rooms: could b • easily converted into 2 ,
flats at a small outlny; 1 37 :6.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE; BARGAIN.
CjOAAA NEAR PINE AND FILLMORE
«£— UUU. sts.; 4 rooms.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
QJX||/1 STEINER ST., NEAR ELLIS—
■Ji^'v. Front building in two flats of 6 and
6 and bath each, and rear of 3 rooms: total rent
$42 per month; 27:6x100.
INVESTMENT ON WALLER ST.
Q£A/;A SHORT DISTANCE FROM MAR-
<J7UUt'U. ket st., coed '-'-story residence of 7
rooms and bath: cottage in the rear of 4 rooms
atidbiith; 26x120 to rear street; rent. $45; want
an offer.
CHOICE WESTERN ADL'ITIoN INVEST-
MENT.
Q(i"7 ,^n SCOTT ST., NEAR GOLDEN GATE
CU • OU . aye.— 2 2-story houses of 7 rooms
and bath each: brick foundation; all street work
done; present Income $50.
NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT— CHEAP.
Q1 XAA MAY B_ LKS-v-NEAR MONT-
O-LOUU. gomery and Union— Front house of
5 rooms and rear of 4 rooms; rent $16.
ANOTHER GILT-EDGE INVESTMENT.
QTfWlfl INCOME $70 PER MONTH: NR.
•„ I UUU. Vallejo and Stockton sts.: front
building of 13 rooms in ■'. tenement*; rear of 12
room? in 3 tenement*: want an offer.
A 1 INVESTMENT— DOWNTOWN.
<(' VIII PACIFIC ST., Nil. STOCKTON;
OU.cJUU. store and 7 rooms; upper portion of
building contains 12 rooms; income $95 per
month: 34:4V»xU7:6.
GILT-EDGE INVESTMENT, CLOSE TO MAR-
KET ST.
Oil " /)AA PRESENT RENT $118 PER
OIiJ.UuU. month: corner on Eighth st. : new
balidinx in store and lodging-house above and
fiats in tlie rear: all street work done.
SOUTH OF MARKET; GOOD INVESTMENT,
will (\f\f\ NEAR HARRISON AND 6TH j
f>IU.UUU. sts.: 8 houses; rent $120 per |
month: 75x112:6: all street work accepted.
SACRIFICE-MISSION INVESTMENT PROP-
J I.TV.
_ 1 rTxri/i' CORNER PROPERTY NEAR
O LU.i)UW. Market and Valencia sts.: 6 flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each: modern building
in Al condition; rent $111 per month: bath
streets accepted.
SOUTH OF MARKET-ST. FLATS, CHEAP
C-i-nnri NEAR 3D AND HARRISON STS.:
t_ (M»UU. 3 flats of 6, 5 and 5 rooms and bath
each: in good condition; rent $50; cfttr will be en-
tertained.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Records,"
which contains a list of properties lor sale in all
parts of the city. G. H. IMB.-EX & CO.,
14 Montgomery at,
CAKEE BKOTHEIIS, '
REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
TO EXCHANGE FOR MISSION PROPERTY.
<&Gf\f\(\ BUTTER ST., EAST OF SCOTT:
•>OUUU. 27:6x62:6; 2 stories: store and 2
rooms below; flat of 5 rooms and bath above; small
stable: all subs'amlaliy built and in good order;
rits $540; another flat and more rooms could be
r.dded. i
CHEAP BLCCK NEAR THE PARK.
C? OH AAA A BLOCK BET. TURK ST. AND
♦J*_U.UUU. Golden Gate aye.. near Golden
1 ■a.<- Park, with marine view; would cut up into
lots; this Is a very cheap property.
CENTRAL BUSINESS PROPERTY.
C'OA AAA ELLIS 'ST., NEAR JONES, 38
♦5-.U.UUU. xl2o to rear street, giving two
frontages: former price $30,000; this is a coming
business block and this lot one of the best in it;
present improvements consist of a large residence.
PAYS GOOD INTEREST.
C* IU. AAA HOWARD ST., BUSINESS
•5 I O.UUU. property near 4 - h; four stories,
store and thre flats: rents $1560 per annum ; this
part of the city holds its own equal to any. and
this property Is in the heart of it; lot 25x80; build-
ing and street work all In good condition.
TO EXCHANGE FOR OAKLAND PROPERTY.
CfQAAA NORTHEAST CORNER ON SAN-
OOUUU. chez St.. near 24tbst, 86x75; street
wort done: lot on grade: would s?ll in subdi-
visions. .
MCAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
HOMES IN THE
HEYMAN TRACT— HEYMAN TRACT
At prices and terms to suit your circumstances;
finest residence location in the city: streets graded
and sewered; Spring Valley water piped: a mag-
nificent view, a healthy locality and » good neigh-
borhood; come in and talk it over: we can arrange
terms and plans just as you wish them; over 60
homes built: 150 lots already sold; take Castro-st.
car to 22d St., or Mlssion-s'- car, transferring at
22d st. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
cHTr^A WILL BUY NEAT 4-ROOM COT-
V^IUOV/ tags, hard finished; large basement.
including level lot: $160 down, $15 monthly: near
.Mission-lit, cars. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgy.
B" L'ILDING LOTS ROM $75 UP ON $5
monthly payments. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st.
X>OR SALE— 6 furry VARAS on the APEX
T and pinnacle of the choicest residence site In
this city: for sale either in 50 varas or subdivis-
ions: location, Clay and Octavia: marine view
north, south, east and west: impossible of ob-
struction: the famous La Fayette Park, known
now as Holladay Heights: title absolutely perfect:
terms reasonable: house* and lots for sale In all
parts of the city: call for list*. WILL K. FISHER
*• CO., 1 4 Post st. i
ORDER BANK— MODERN HOUSE AND
J> lot. Haißhtst.. near Buchanan; a bargain if
sold ibis week; easy terms if desired; lot, 30x120
to rear street. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. ____________
""Exchange; san BAT AEL RESIDENCE:
Xj 8 rooms, etc : large lot- accepted street: value
$4000; for city residence. J.R.ROCHH,San Rafael.
T,H)R~~SALE - ELEGANT NEW. 12-KOOM
J bouse; salon parlors; reception and billiard
rooms; furnace heat; opp. Park. 1917 Oak st.
_;: AA CASH; JUST FINISHED: MODERN
HjOyJyJ bay-window house: 7 rooms: porcelain
bath; 2 wooden mantels: walls frescoed ; every-
thing complete; cheap; on easy terms; electric-
cars 1 ass the door. 2309 Bryant aye., nr. 21st st.
POSITIVE SNAP 7 ;
8-rootn residence in the Western Addition: 15
8-rootn residence In the Western Addition: 15
minutes from K«arny st : can be modernised at
a small cost: see this and make an offer. Further
particulars of owner, box 162, Call O-lce. ■
fflj 1 A f\fU\ A BARGAIN: RENTS $1110
«JT) lU. UUU. per annum: 35x137:6; Sacra-
mento st., near Hyde; no agent. Address H. G.,
box 17, Call. •
ffi-CAfl NEW HOUSE and lot 5 rooms
«ff)OUU. hard finished. 210 Andover aye., bet-
Crescent and Eas: aye.. Holly Park Trac .
<Sl IA A, CASH, BA LANCE EASY TERMS—
«t~ I \J\J ,\ice cottage home in the Mission. | Mo
WEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
CITY REAL ESTATE. _^
MADISON A BURKE, REAL JCST ATE
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st.
$H (\(\C\ ■-*!»* $1584 PER ANNUM;
HJIU.UUU. excellent improvements; lot 60x
li.0; two fronts; Sutter St., near Buchanan.
fill 9 HAH magnificent business
«JPI -w.UUU. corner on Fillmore St., 29:6x100,
entirely covered with substantial improvements;
large store; first-class location for grocery.
HOME ON HAVES ST.: ONLY $3000 ASKED;
an offer solicited; 6 rooms and bath; lot :
25x72:6; sunny side.
/CHOICE CALIFORNIA-ST. HOME, SUNNY !
v/ side, near Steiner: 2 frontages : terms easy:
will take lot In part payment: owner leaving city. I
Q.l ft (\(\(\ EDDY, NR. GOUGH: MAN- I
<? 10. UUU. stonof 14 rooms and bath; lot I
38 :9x120 to rear street.
Jf'nni) BTEINERST..NEAR PINE; NEW j
<Tl)_<U' '. cottage Just completed; 5 rooms and 1
bath; 25x103:6.
PARK RESIDENCE: FELL ST., NR. LOTT;
X 9 rooms and bath; all modern conveniences:
25x137:6; only $7250. MADISON & BURKE.
©f»CAn WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVIBA-
uDUUUU. dero— 7 rooms and bath: conserva-
tory; 10t25x1_7:8. MADISON A BURKE.
©/l£.nn EVERETT, BET. 3D AND 4TH;
_;OUU. 4 nice flats; rents $56; lot 87:8x80.
Qjfififin PAGE, NEAR BRODERir.K; KESI-
iZ)\J\J\J\J. dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x
h7:6. MADISON A BURKE.
<X * FLATS: stevenson ST.. NEAR
«DOUUU. Ridley: rents $44; lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON A BURKE.
GO. 7 AHA BUSS, near FOLSOM; 2 HOUSES,
«3) I UUU. 50x100; well rented for $68 per
month; part of lot still vacant.
-19AA PARKER AYE., COR. ST. ROSE'S;
<n*±_wUU. cottage 5 rooms; lot 56:4x100.
QOCAA 9TH AYE., nr. California: 2
*[P_.iJUU. flats 4 rooms and bath each; rents
$25"; lot 26x120. __„
©QAAA RENTS $336 PER ANNUM; 3
«JpOUUU. flats; Natoma, nr. First: 23:6x75.
©OOnn REDUCED; LARGE INCOME;
t£)_!._UU. Shipley, nr. 6th; 2 flats; lot 25x76.
©I 7fiA CORTLAND AYE., COR. BEN- ]
<Jp_. 4 UU. nington; store and 4 rooms and stable
for 3 horses; lot 25x100.
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
60x190; Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages; will sell
In subdivisions.
*4500-24 th, NE. cor. Vlcksburg: 60x114.
*4000— 65x117:6; SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
7110— Broderick. near Busn; E. side: 30x103.
$3250— Hayes, nr. till more: 25x137:6.
12400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$2200— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
$2050— Ridley, near Scott; 25x117:6.
$2000 each— 2 lots on Bush, near Broderlck; re-
duo d from $3000.
$1800— Noe. near 18th: 25x110.
$IUOO-I9th, near Sanchez: 25x114.
$1000— Hancock, near Sanchez: 25x114.
*800— It. Lobos, nr. 28th aye.; 25x100.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
A. H. Lissak. O. F. VOX KHEIN-. '
OF. YON RHEIN _ CO.. REAL ESTATS
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 613
California street.
$15,000— McAllister, near Buchanan; 53:9 x :
187:6: 2 flats, store and coalyard; rents $105.
I,ooo— Page, near Octavia; 27x120 to Lily .
aye. ; 2-story flats; 15 rooms and 2 baths: rents
$60.
$9000— Jones, near Greenwich: 40x137:6: 4 new
bay-vt lndow flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each ;
rents $95.
$8000— Kolsom, near 16th; 60x101; 3-story
house: 20 rooms; rents $55.
$4000— Antonio, near Jones; rear to above lot
22x68:9: I flats: 10 rooms: rents $30.
$7000— Chestnut, near Dupont; 40x122:6 to
Fielffer: double 2-story house on each frontage:
rents $64; will sell either frontage.
$6600— Osk. near lacuna: 27:6x120 to rear
street: 2-story nouse, 7 rooms and bath; rents
$32 50.
56000— VaUejo, near Sansome; 36x67:8: 4-story
tenements: rents $57.
$6000— Chenery, near 30th; 31x125; rear;
street on railroad: 123x126; 2 houses
$5500— Ellis, near Buchanan: 25:9x60: brand-
new cottage; all modern improvements; 6 rooms
and hath.
$5200— Vallejo. near Leaven worth: 43:9x137:6:
two t rout and one rear house; 16 rooms ana oath;
rents $46.
$501)0— San Jose aye., near 24th St.; 27x175; 8
rooms and bath; fine ground*.
$5000— near Greenwich; 22:6x137:6; 3-
story residence: 10 rooms.
$4250-Broderlck »nd Clay; 27:8x100; 2-story
house: 6 rooms and bath.
»4000-Bryant, near 4th; 20x80: 2 -story house
of 9 rooms and bath.
$3000— Bart let t, near 26: 26x75; 2-story
house. 7 rooms and bath.
$3600— and Lombard; 58x84; private
residence. ,
$3300— Larkin. bet. Filbert and Greenwich: 2-
story house: 7 rooms and bath; rent $27 50; easy j
terms: 2a:Kx99. •
*3OOO— Pacific, near Hyde; 20x73: 2 flats: rents <
$26. :
$3000— Hlmmelman, through to Salmon; 20x60;
house on eacn frontage; rent *29.
$2850— Broadway, near Leavenworth: 22:11 x
137 :6: rear house and stable.
$2600— Le Roy place, near Sacramento St.: 22:4
x 58:3: 2-story house, 2 Matt, 10 rooms: rents $110.
$2400— Kennebec. near Jefferson; 60x70; Gift
Map No. 2; 2 cottages; 9 rooms and bath: rent $.2.
$1800— Moulton, near Montgomery and Green; .
22:6x62:0: 2-story bouse: 2 flats; rents $18.
$1350— Lincoln, sear Jones; 22x70; cottage, 5
rooms.
$1300— Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2 x
75; one 2-story and 2 cottages.
UNIMPROVED.
$7000— Filbert, near Leaven worth: 75x87:6;
| will subdivide Into 3 lots.
Valencia, near 25th-st. railroad station; 61x
117:6 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army; 3 lots on 27th and
6 lots on Dolores.
$4Hot)_'J3d and Florida: 76x104.
$2250— near Baker: 26x105.
$1900— 25 th, near Noe; 50x114; will subdivide.
51 200— 4 lots: Ocean road, near 24th; 100x80.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.; 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 25th; 60x250 through
to Kllen.
$1000— Edith or Church place, near Dupont st. ;
1 20x65 to rear street.
*900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
$800— Park Lane Tract; 2 lots, block R, Serpen-
: tine road,
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Church, near 26th; 100x100.
! Twenty-seventh, near Noe: 160x140.
Twenty-eighth, near Sanchez; 2 lots, each 25:8 x
114.
Q»-I 0 CAA SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Business corner NW. Post and Lacuna s:s. ; rent
i $79 50: go and see this at once, as It Is a particu-
: larly choice piece. O'FARRELL A CO., 11
Montgomery st. ..
G&OPAA COTTAGE NEAR MARKET AND
«3P_.UUU. Valencia sts.: worth $3500; offered
at this low figure to make immediate sale. O'FAP.-
, HELL* CO., 11 Montgomery st.
© 1 OAA LOT NR 3D AND MISSION STB.;
I_UU. on smalt street; worth $2500.
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
QJQAAA DEVISADERO - ST. BUSINESS
<3)t/UUU. property: store and upper flat; im-
provements lirst-rlasv. make an oiler. O'FAR-
I'.KLL _! CO., 11 Montgomery st. ""V V
-pACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
1 At a big sacrifice: originally cost $8000: can be
bought for $4600, if sola immediately: fine marine
i view: one block from the cable and electric cars;
contains 8 rooms and bath.
O*FaRRKLL A CO., 11 Montgomery st.
We have building lots from $75 np; $10 down,
i SlO per month: all level and ready to build on.
j Call for our list before you buy.
MUST "BE~ SOLD.
QQ7KA LOT N. SIDE PAGE, NR. LA-
*IpO % O\J, guna; 2 frontages; reduced from
I $5500. __
'■■ H' CAA FINE BUSINEBS CORNER;
I «ipZiO.t>UU. substantially improved: on Mis-
j sion st.; large lot; rents $180; investigate.
; O'FARRELL A CO.. ll Montgomery st.
LOW TAXES! PROTECTION! REAP THE
XJ benefits; buy now!
i ffI»O7CA RENTS $370 YEARLY; 2 NEAT
! »350 I i)U. flats, 5 and 6 rooms, etc.: sunny; lot
1 25x100: part cash: bargain.
i ffijOQi^n WHOLE BLOCK, 240x800: EX-
-1 «350t70U. ceedlngly line baraain: worth over
95500 to-day: choice location In Soutbstde.
<_IA7C LOW PRICE: LAKE ST., NEAR
«HSJLU 4 O. 2d aye: 26x102:6; sewered.
(9 0% REDUCED; 6TH AYE., NEAR
«350_i0. Clement; 25x120
CfcQQAA CORNER; MAGNIFICENT MA-
isQ*j\J\J. rine view; large, sightly corner;
65xi00; sewered; Lake st. and 22d aye; none
liner in 8. F.
H. E. POEHLMAN, Real Estate Agent, 416
; Montgomery st. ■ . -..
dJ._CAA HERE IS A BNAP-CORNh,R ON
cJUU. small street Inside of Eighth; prop-
erly in fine condition and rents for $66 per mouth;
DO better Investment In the city.
: $12,000-Devlsadero st. : residence lot, 60x137 :6,
with 18-room bonse as good *s new; everything
modern. J. W. WRIGHT A CO., 628 Market at. '
A 1 /''A HOUSES BUILT ON INSTALL-
tj} I U«JU. nient plan of 4 rooms and bath: one
block from Mission sU, bet. 29th and 30th; small
i deposit required. < all at DEWEY COFFlN, agent.
! in cigar-store, 29th and Mission sts.
U—BTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
► ? at from $160 to $275 a room; call and «cc
plans. JAMES McCONAHEV, 1149 Mission st.
/I HEAP — ONE .2-STORY HOUSE, LOT; 7
/rooms: bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks."
I On Waller St., nr. Stanyan, y 3 block G. Uate Pane.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1596.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
PARK P^rjrA^rjrFTTLATS^ -
ELEGANT AND MODERN.
SACRIFICE PRICE,
©7^fin REDUCED FOR QUICK SALE;
«IP I u\J\J. cost $10,000: 2 handsome modern
flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath ; only 4 years old:
on Lvon st. near Oak; only $1000 cash required;
lot 25x91 :2 feet; lock at this for a beautiful home
and paying investment. *
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. 688 Market St.
UTTER-ST. CORNER.
ONLY $6000.
MUST SELL.
■\TW. COR. SUTTER AND BAKER; LOT 42:3
—1 x 87:6 feet : present 10-room house can be con-
verted into 2 stores and flats above; will pay big;
street work all done: this Is a snap.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE A CO.,
638 Market st.
IG VALUE.
MODERN RESIDENCE.
IN THE WESTE N ADDITION.
Ofinn<l A SUBSTANTIAL WELL-BUILT
»J)I)UUU. 2-story house or 8 rooms, bath and
basement; on Devisadero st., near Haight: nicely ,
decorated and in first-class condition; well worth
$8000: lot 25x100.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <fc CO..
■ ■ ■ . 638 Market at.
HOICE FLATS.
VJ DESIRABLE LOCATION.
HALF A BLOCK NORTH OF MARKET.
m>/1 K fifi FINE PAIR OF FLATS; 5 AND 6
tpTi/'/U. rooms and bath; in splendid condi-
tion; north side of street; lot 25x115; this prop- !
erty has a grand future.
.EASTON, ELDRIDOE A CO..
638 Market st.
COZY HOMES.
ON EASY TERMS.
$200 CASH. $16 PER MONTH.
<*£ 1 OA A CASH-2 PRETTY COTTAGES IN |
»J) i_UU the Fairmount Tract: 4 rooms and j
bath each; well built; in good condition; lots 2ix
100 each. EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO., ,
638 Market St.
ANDSOME HOME. , '■
ALMOST NEW.
NEAR THE PARK PANHANDLE.
d»4nrn MODERN COTTaGE, 6 ROOMS i
tjp __.UV/. and bath, high basement; on the |
north side of Hayes st., near Lyon: lot 25x100 j
feet: mortgage 8-500 In Hibernla Bank can remain. 1
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. 638 Market st. |
FEW BARGAINS ' : "~
IN CHOICE LOTS.
$400— 25 th aye., nr. Point Lobos; street graded j
and macadamized; 25x120.
$."50— 10th aye., near California; 25x120: very j
cheap.
$900— 6 lots in Excelsior Homestead; 150x100. 1
$3000— Baker, near Oak ; 25x96:10; overlooking ;
the Park Panhandle.
$3250— Vallejo, near Lyon; 51:6x137:6; marine j
view: very cheap.
$3400— Two choice lots on Presidio Heights; 50
xl 27:8: reduced from $4000.
$3500— Washington st.. near Devisadero; 30x
127:83,4; street biiumlulzed.
$3600— Corner near Laguna and O'Farrell; Hsx
62:6.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.,
■ ■ 638 Market st.
OVEE, TOY A SONNTACj,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
19 MONTGOMERY ST., UNDER LICK HOUSE.
©If? PxC\f\ BUSINESS PROPERTY; Mo
ijlD,i)uU. Allisterst.; 2 stores with 3 rooms ;
and 2 flats above; rents $110 per month; lot slzu i
34:1 iy 2 xloo. ___
C'f-ilinn MINNA ST.. BET. 4TH AND STH; |
tJPOUVJU. lot 34x80: 3-story frame house with j
house In rear of 2 flats of 4 rooms each; rents $60. :
<_• A f\(\(\ NATOMA ST., BET. STB AND 7TH;
tJp'xUUV. lot 25x75; rents $36 per month.
<_"O<) kAH O'FARRELL ST., NEAR NEW
£>«>_. market; lot 1:7:6x77:6; rents
$95 50 per month.
©QQflfl LOT PAGE ST.. NEAR SCOTT;
«JpOOUU. 25x137:6 feet: ready to build on.
G» Qfknfl RITCII ST., BET. FOLSOM AND
r^.)UUU. Harrison; lot 25x75: front and rear !
houses in 5 tenements; mortgage $1500: rents $40.
_.• 4f\f\f\ LOT ON FOISOM ST., NEW BOr-
•IT'iUUU. levard. near 20th St.; size 30x122:6
feet; will sell or exchange for an improved piece
and pay difference. _____
OifJ^fin STEINER ST., NEAR PINE; 25x
v7OUUv'. 80:2 bay-window flats of 6 and 7
rooms; rents $51 50 per month.
_TI i l\(\C\ FINE BUSINESS PROPERTY:
_-.UUU. Sutter st., near Polk; lot 22:6x70:
3-story frame building; rents $90.
_•! Q Z.f\f\ 3D ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY:
«TpJLO. «JUU. lot 25x80:2 stores below and up-
per flat of 12 rooms; resits $72.
Q.-)QAA 25TH ST.. NEAR HOWARD: LOT
tj — OU". 20x75; improvements; 2-story and
basement house of 7 rooms and bath: rents $25.
it 1 Z. AAA FINE RESIDENCE LOT ON
«3) 10. UUU. Van Ness aye., 45x132:6 feet.
i &')OnA BROADWAY. NR. TAYLOR ST.:
tS>£o\J\J. lot 23:6x77:6 feet: 2-story frame
; house of 9 rooms and bath : rents $20.
j Q_O?iA BRYANT ST., NEAR BTH; LOT
I nD^-itJV/. 25x75; 2-story frame house of 4
flats: rents S4l. ;
C»Q7fi<Y CHURCH ST., NEAR 19TH; LOT
«£>_ M UU. 67x104 feet.
1 For full particulars of the above properties ap-
| ply to BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG, 19 Montgom-
ery st.
i _______________________________________
AL HOB 10 EH. _OOIS A. 80UC.
T A. SOUC A CO.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
I HOUSE* RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED. '
i 466 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
As we make a specialty of Mission property and
are right on the spot we can save you time and
I money by calling on us at once.
£ECAn 25x90; MISSION ST., NX. 20TH ;
»^p«J«JUU. house of 8 rooms and bath; could at
small cost be converted into Al business property;
the lot is worth more money.
at^TvAA 30x114; HERE IS A CHANCE TO
i)i)UU. secure an elegant home In the warm
belt of the Mission; bay-window house; 8 rooms;
bath; laundry.
Ai./w|A 25x90; 17TII ST.. NR. VALENCIA:
3pDv/UU. modern bay-window flats; 5 and 6
i rtoms; bath; laundry; street work all done; Al
order,
{.97:/) 25x114; DUNCAN ST., NR. GUER-
■ O— I tJw. rero: 2 new cottages; 5 rooms: bath;
laundry; 7-foot basement: all the latest improve-
' ments; terms mnde.to suit purchaser.
I fl_rrAA 25x110; GUERRERO ST.. NEAR
' tT,OO\.l\J. 18th; elegant home; bay-window
' house; 9 rooms, bath, conservatory, saloon par-
lors; good value $6500.
d>»i-rk/-\ GUERRERO ST.; WARM BELT:
«J)*»«JUU. 2-atory house; 8 rooms; bath; large
: basement; brick foundation; house in perfect
order.
ftyrAf) 27x122; CAPP ST., NEAR 19TH:
j <3nO«JUU. 2-story hcuje; 8 rooms and bath;
i s.reet bltumlniziHi; all in Al order.
' J.Q^/m -51 11, NEAR FOLSOM; MODERN
• **)iJ\J\J . bay-window flats; 4 and 6 rooms,
i bath and laundry: nearly new; good buy.
i ao,"A|| 26x125; CHATTANOOGA ST.,
, <J)_.tJUU ■ near 2vd; coz7 cottage, 5 rooms;
■ bath: perfect order; fine garden,
' CjQAAA SAN CAHLOS A YE., NEAR 19TH;.
j *J>OUUU. 2-story nous?, 6 rooms; bath; street
i work all done ami accepted.
d_O£SA 25x80: LEXINGTON AYE., NEAR
«Ip_iU«7U. 19th; 2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms: bath;
rent 28: street work all done and accented.
Our list comprises some of the belt' property In
the Mission. Lots of all sizes In any of the home-
steads; also good business corners in any part of
the Mission ; call and get a list and prices.
If yon want your vacant houses rented place
them with us.
. L. A. BOCC & CO., 465 and 467. Valencia at.,
j near Sixteenth.
JOHN rfORK, 329 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
Safe Denosit, offers for sale:
$20,000— Geary st. ; fine corner property; stores
and dwellings: paying $140 rent-
s32,soo— Eddy-st. property, near Mason; rent-
Ing at $160.
t $32,500— Fine downtown O'Farrell-st. business
: property; rents $160.
$2000- Pine st., near Lyon; 31x87:6.
I $3900— 2- story 6-room house, in fashionable
neighborhood.
Cheap— Masonic avenue, north of Frederick
St.: lot 25x106:3; all on the grade.
Reduced to $12,500— Howard St., near 4th; 3-
story: 2 stores and rooms upstairs; lot 30x80.
$6800— Kino corner, near Ellis and Webster:
2-story: bay-window: lot 24x95; rent $40. --.•• '
$2000— st.: 5-room house: lot 25x125.
' $3000— Natoma st. ; 2-story; 8 rooms; lot 25x70;
rent $30.
- $28,500— A snap; the NW. corner of Mission
and 17th' sts.; a block of 2-story bay-window'
houses; 3 stores and 3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each: also 2 6-room cottages on 17th St.; lot
C6xl00; rent $2280 per annum.
$37,000— Splendid paying property on one of the
business streets leading to the Park; paying $300
p<r month, and will prreatly improve In value.
I $2000— 7 th St., near Bran nan; lot 25x75, with
j Improvements: renting at $30. ..
: $»ooo—6 rooms and bath; house, corner 26th st.,
i near Valencia.
UNIMPROVED.
j $3200-Haiglit »t., near Baker: 25 or 50 by 110,
I $3100— Corner on Ftllmore st : 24x82.
: * 1250— 26x80; 24th St., near Dolores.
$800— Noe fct., near 80th; lot 38:6x76.
$3500— Lot 75x100 feel; cor. 19th and Eureka
sts.; make offer.
ORNER OCTAVIA AND VALLEJO: 8
rooms and bath; 25x112:6: half cash.
Hrvant, nr. 19th: flats (modern); 25x100.
i Golden Gate aye., nr. Laguna si.; 6 rooms, hath;
27:6x120.
$I:2so— Floriaast.; 7 rooms: 26x100.
Sacramento st., nr. Devisadero; cottage, 6 rooms,
bath: «3x152:6.
SlCoo— Ewer place, nr. Sacramento and Mason;
two frontages; 20x60.
LOTS. LOTS. : LOTS.
Baiter, nr. California; 27:6 or 65 by 82:6.
$2250— C0r. Castro and Jersey sis.; 30x70.
$850— Mi-slon st., nr. Brazil; 2.">xBS:6.
$80J-30'-h St., nr. Sanchez; 36x125
25tli St., nr. lolores: 60x114. ' ' ■
*800— Uoswortli St.. nr. Mission road: 25x100.
$300-Laici:oy st.. nr. Roanoke: 2oxlOO.
$200— Buti<-r. nr. Courtland aye. ; 25x70.
C or. 20th aud -Diamond sis.: 110x195. • .
Cheap lots in all the homesteads.
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
J>7AA 21ST AND DOUGLACS; LOT 26x
«]p i \)\J. 125. Call at 865 Mission, WAToON.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
: rrTrß^N^RTsTrioOOl "
RENT $105.
Fulton St.; improvements new buildin? 1 con-
taining store and 2 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each; lot 26x100.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
,10 Montgomery st.
TVTEW MODERN RESIDENCES;
IN SMALL CASH PAYMENT;
BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
See thos° handsome new 2-story houses on Cole
St., near Waller; prices $6000 and $6500: 10
rooms and bath each; all the latest conveniences;
substantially constructed.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
. . 10 Montgomery st.
DOWNTOWN BARGAIN ;
XJ ■ O'FARRELL ST., NEAR LARKIN.
■ $6500— 2-story house; at a small expenditure
could be made 10 pay well; good place for store.
Baldwin a Hammond,
10 Montgomery st.
_________ —.____-___
UST LISTED.
PAYS 12 PER CENT. f
$4500— Steven80n-st. flat, between Hermann and
13ib; small flats always rented; street bltumin-
ized. BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
car think of it. '
O LESS THAN $90 PER FRONT FOOT.
$2500— A fine lar».e lot; Bush st. (sunny side),
near Scott; 27:6x137:6: street bltuminized.
BALDWIN * HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
WILL EXCHANGE FOR
TV COTTAGE OK FLATS.
$1500— Church, between 24th and 25th; a desir-
able lot; the difference will be paid in cash.
-. Baldwin & Hammond,
10 Montgomery at.
SPLENDID INVESTMENT
ALWAYS RENTED.
$7500— Leaveuworth, near Clay; a fine modern
flats, 6 and 7 rooms and bath: each cost over $6000
to build; lot 26:6*82:6; rented low lor $60
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
HEAP LOTS. ~~ "
\J
BljO-An LOT 27:6x137:6; ON NORTH SIDE
tJp-JiJUU. Bush, east of Scott; a big bargain.
fllM/'A/i CHSAPtSI' LOT IN THE MlS-
<l>l.lJv/U. sion; 213181., nr. Folsom; v:5xllO.
o>^^A 20TH AYE., NR. tOINI' LOBOS;
rjDOOU. 2>xl2a
a]*£.A/\ VERY CHEAP; NORTH SIDE OF
rjpUUv. Poiut Lobos aye., bet. 27th and 28th
ayes.; 25x100
<Si^\^(\ A GENUINE BARGAIN; BROAD-
»4P«JIOU. way, bet. Franklin and Gough; lot
31x100; marine view.
Si I /inn 11T11 AYE., NR. POINT LOBOS;
«fi)l _.UU. 60x100.
HC9»)f^n FINE LOT ON NORTH SIDE OF
tjP_J_.Uv. McAllister St., bet. Baku r and Lyon;
25x137:6; easy terms.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
rpHE BEST PARK LOTS.
$50 CASH, #10 MONTHLY.
LOTS ON H STREET.
LOTS ON I STREET.
LOTS ON NINTH AVENUE.
LOTS ON TENTH AVENUE.
The most desirable lots in the city at the prices.
All streets graded; sidewalks lai 1: every lot level
an.i on grade with street; water and gas mains
laid to property.
ONLY $750 UPWARD.
BIG BARGAINS. GOOD INVESTMENTS.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st
SHAINWALD, UCCKBEK & CO., REAL ES-
TATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$6500— SW. corner on Webster st., below Geary;
; very good 2 story and basement house of 8 rooms
! and bull) and stable; lot 24x93:6 feet.
$1400— Very cheap; Lou St., nr. Golden Gate
aye.; 26-100 feet; $400 mortgage can remain at
6V!j percent.
I $17,600— Californla-st. corner residence; con-
I tains In large rooms and bath; lot 34:4Va fee;
front.
; $10,000— Pacific aye.. N side; 2 good houses; !
i rent $60; lot 47:4x100 feet; lot alone is wort n the
I price asked.
1 $5500— Bush st., nr. Fiilmore; substantial 2
story and basement bouse of 10 rooms and bath:
street bitnmlnlzad; stone sidewalk: mortgage of
I $-2600 can remain: lot 3-';6x137 :6 feet.
.f.V-50— Capp St., nr. 22d; new modern flats of 4
and 5 rooms and bath each; rents $45; 10t25x
122:6 feet.
$Goo;.'— Only $500 cash: balance $20 monthly; i
i new lions.- on McAlllster-st. cable line: close to |
I park; 10 rooms and bath with porcelain tub; pret-
tily dei-crated; 2203 Fulton st. : owner on prem-
ises dally.
$7000— Price reduced: NE. cor. Pine and Lagnna
j sts.: very good hous* of 9 rooms and bath; street
! accepted; sidewalk stone; a bargain.
j $10,000— Mason st., near Jackson: 68:9x91:8:
with very good residence; should be a teved into
s'.ores and flats; opposite engine-house, at transfer
I point.
I $7500— Price reduced from $9000; very good
I modern 2-story house of 9 rooms and bath; Wash-
ington St., near Broderlck: s.rtet bitumen: side-
walk stone; mortgage $3500, can remain; lot 25x
■ 127:8 V- ''■ ' -
! $Bv;so— Reduced from $9000: Washington St.,
I near Webster; modem 2-story bay-window resi-
dence of 9 rooms and 2 baths: house tastefully
decorated throughout: lot 26:6z127:8V«-
-sssoo —Comer Bush and Kroaerlck sts.: cottage
of 8 rooms and bath; Urge lot, 84x100 feet; lot
' alone Is worth the price asked; the la-it of a row of
j 4 cottages; the other 3 have all been sola within
the [• iv month.
$4000— Kent* $684 per annum; price reduced
from $6500; very coo>l Improvements on street
close to Howard: lnt -,'\H)O feet.
8810— Twnntv-lir.-- 1.. north line, near Hamp-
■btre, Mission warm -olt; lots 25x84:6.
$700-Twenly-lirst st., near Hampshire; lot
25x70.
$550— Point Lobos lot 25x103.
11)1250— Stevenson st., -wear 14th, sewered and
macadamized : 25x65 feet
$65(10— SW. cor. on Webster St.; two-story and
; basement of 8 rooms: bath; stable, etc; lot 24x
I 93:6; rents $40.
I $2600— Richmond cottage: W. line of Bth aye,,
! near California st. ; almost new; 4 rooms and bath ;
j 7-foot basement; lot 25x120. ■
! $2400— Sunny side of Clay St., near Lyon; 2S:Sx
90. or 2 lots at the same rate.
■ $3500— Seymour a v<»., between Scott and Devlsa-
| di-ro and Turk and Golden (iate aye.; substantial
2-story house of 6 rooms and bath: street bitu-
i men; sidewalk stone; lot 25x90: $1000 cash, bal-
ance in monthly payments Of $20 if desired.
• $2500 each— 3 lots on Sacramento, near Lyon:
street work all done and accepted by the city; lots
' 25.x ll ■_>.
$2250— Lyon, near Clay: lot 25x112:5.
The above is only a partial list. We will be glad
: to Jurnish a complete list on application.'
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
! 218-220 Montgomery at.. Mills building.
TJICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINS.
XV
POINT LOBOS, CLIFF HOUSE, 41ST, 42n
X awl 43d ayes.: choice lots on electric-car line.
! GORE LOT; 550 FKET MAIN FRONTAGES
i VT on Point lx>bos. Cliff House, 42d and 43d ayes.
BERNAL HEIGHTS GIFT MAP LOTS, COR.
Seigel and Powhntian aye.: easy payments.
C. H. RE OLDS' A CO..
323 Montgomery st.
Q9f»AA A BARGAIN; TERMS TO SUIT;
»4P_.UUU. fine cottage 5 rooms and bath ; 2 doors
• from car line: 927 2;5.1 st , be;. Church and Chat-
: tanooea; place open for Inspection .to-day. E. E.
I AUBRY, 2245 Mission St., near 19th.
i VI ISSION COTTAGES.
i In the warm belt near terminus Of Howard-st.
1 cirs at 24th it. and Potrero five. ; all street work
' finished: terms to suit; live sold this month by
' F. NELSON', builder, on premises: .
■ $2000— Five-room coitage.
, $1950— Five-room collage.
$1 800— Four-room cottage.
$1600— Knur-room cottage.
81400— Four-room cottage. ■ , v
<_,fCAA HERE IS A SNAP: CORNER ON
" i£)'±O\J\J . small street inside of Eighth, pror>-
erty in fine condition nud rents for $86 per monih:
do better investment in the city.
$12.000— Devisadero St.; residence lot. 60x187:8,
with 18-room house as good as new; everything
modern. J. W. WRIGHT A CO., 628 Market st.
SOL GETZ - BRO., _
REAL-ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A.' FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
NEW BLOCKS, NEW LOTS.
—1 for homes or investments at great ba -alns.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get cholcn
bargains. "....•.. _^^^
<_7- TO $200-LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
«Jp i O bonlevard; $10 down, $6 monthly. SOL
GETZ <fc BRO.
f»t>A,n $400, $450, $500 TO $1100 —
)OUU. Choicest lots In Richmond; near Sutro
pctric-car line and near new concert grounds.
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms to suit purchasers. SOL OETZ A
BRO.
qjOAATO $250-BUILDING LOTS, NEAR
«IpIUU Mfssion-st. and electric-car lines: only
$10 down, $6 monthly. SOL GETZ & BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ A BRO., OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
<l_*-)7Tiin FINE PLACE FOR A TEAMSTER,
i\J\J. near Bryant and Sixth sts.: 2-s:ory
j house of 7 rooms: stable for 4 horses and 3 wagons:
street accepted ; size 37 :6xBo. JAMES W. COLE-
MAN, 24 Montgomery st.
___-—-—
CC. BEMIfS, AND LAND AGENT,
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMISK V ST.
FOR SAUK.
$2600— E. sine of stanyan > st., bet. Carl and
Frederick-, 26x100 feet. v
$460— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 60x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio aud bay.
$6000—2 modern ' houses of 8 rooms each, at
park; : 25x187 :ti feel: electric ; road passes houses;
make oiler. - , • ■ : : -
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont. '
f 8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts,
fSOO— Choice building lots north of park.
ojjTnjin < : O'~ta<;e 6 ROOMS and BATH
<_>Ai-LU\/. on lot 60x122; near station: terms
easy; $400; lot 40*120; $26 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
country? REAL ESTATE.
tarrell a co.. ~ ~~ ~
David bush, country department,
; 11 montgomery. St.
©Kflflfi LOOK AT THIS BARGAIN! 145
<]p«JV/Uv. acres; 3 miles . from depot and
steamer landing at .Martinez. Contra Costa
County; about- 25 acres in Zlnfande] wine
grapes in bearing; crop will be at least 50
tons this year; 10 acres In prunes, pears, etc.,
in full bearing: about 15 acres in grain; bal-
ance well-wooded pasture, grain ana fruit
land; house, • barn, some -implements and
fruit boxes; this place ought to have un in-
come of $1 00 this year: will take part cash.
©O7C A FOR" 2 ACRES OF LAND AT EL.VI-
«JP— I O\J hurst; Oakland and Hay wards electric
can every fifteen minutes: nice new modern
hard-finished cottage or 6 rooms; hot and
cold water and bath; summer kitchen; barn;
garden: flowers; etc.; this property has cost
over $500 J; a great bargain if applied for im-
mediately.
$_9>%fin FOR 7 39 ACRES 1 MILE FROM
rjpGOUU san Matco: adjoins Col. Hoy wards'
property: good hard-finished house •of 6
rooms and kuclicn;.barn,stableand chicken-
houses: well and pump; well fenced and bor-
dered with trees; this is about oue-hal! what
this property Is worth; will exchange for
flats In this city and will pay cash difference.
©/If W»n 83 ACRES 3 MiLES SOUTHEAST
tJPttUvJVJ. of St. Helena, a apa County: 13 acres
In wine grapes In bearing; family orchard of
200 fruit trees; spring with reservoir; water
. piped to house and grounds- good house, barn
and ontbu ldings: good pasturu all the year
round; all the stock and tools; about 10 tons
of hay will so with the place; there will be
from 15 to 20 tons Of crapes this year.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR £>AN FRANCISCO
JC • residence near Presidio— A new modern honso
of 8 rooms and bath, with lot -lOxi ,50, in Los
Angeles; value $3000.
©C I A.\ ACRE-PROPERTY KNOWN AS
«JDU_: the Bay View Vineyard, adjoining Napa
Soda Springs, of 570 acres, divided Into 3
tracts; 40 acres of vineyard in resistant
stock in bearing, no frost; 30 acres In olives
In bearing; 20 acres in bearing fruli trees of
oranges and lemons; 10 acres of blackber-
ries; 50 acres in hay; with tine improve-
ments of stone house, wine cellar, cooperage,
distillery, cottage, sable i'.iid outbuildings:
water piped everywhere: this Is all income
property; beautiful climate and locution.
FOR KENT— THE -WINCHESTER RANCH
of 42 acres; 12 minutes' walk from the de-
pot at Colfax, Placer County; 21 acres in
bearing fruit orchard, with fine crop this
. year; 6 4 acres In table crapes; fine 8-room I
house. Hue water aud fine Improvements;
lln year's crop ought to produce from $1200 i
to$1600; cii Mii rent $300, including c.-op: a I
great bargain.
L"OR KENT— rOR THE SUMMER MONTHS
C or longer if desired; handsomely furnished j
house on Pacific Heights, in this city, com-
manding a fine marine view; 9 rooms: mod-
ern conveniences; rent reasonable to a good,
careful tenant.
<_9^nn FOR 31 ACRES NEAR MARTINEZ
«3p_j«JV/U depot and steamer landing; all out in !
grain, alfalfa, family orchard, garden and j
vegetables, with a furnished house of live 1
rooms, barn and all the stock and tools upon I
the place, with about 25 or 30 tons of this :
year's hay crop: plenty of water; a great bar- |
gain, or will sell 15 acres of thin place with j
all the improvements, stock, tools and crop |
and furnished house for $I*so, and will take :
part cash.
C.O||.|M WILL BUY A BEAUTIFUL AND
«]pOUUU profitable summer home farm of 45
acres li miles from St. Helena, on Howell
Mountain, with a nice furnlßhed house of 6
rooms, 3-room cottage, stable »nd chicken-
houses, with 6 acres in vineyard full bearing,
family orchard and 672 French prunes. 4
years old; lovely climate and beautiful view;
the cheapest place in the State. ' "
dj/innn 240 acres on main county
<IpTl'\""7. road in Pleasant Valley: home of 11
rooms: large barn; plenty of wat.-raod wood; 140
acres under cultivation; will exchange for houao
and lot in Oakland.
*Q7^fi ONE OF THE FINEST 10-ACRE
rlrO I O\J. tracts in the state, located n/i miles 1
from Mountain View, Santa Clara County: all set j
oil to fruits now full bearing: common house; ,
goo I barn, windmill tank, andianknouse; crop this
year will pay $700; $1000 cash, balance long time.
1 Pf\ ACRES OF FINE FRUIT AND GRAIN
IUU laud 3 miles from railroad; Placer County ;
S'} acres under cultivation: all fenced; common
house; good barn: plenty Of water; on 20 acres of
this land there are .-splendid prospec s of a gravel
claim whicn will pay largely; owner wants house
and lot in Oakland, Alameda or San Francisco;
price $5000.
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
Room 29, second flloor Mills building, San Fran-
cisco.
fIMKJfIA 80-ACRE LOVELY RANCH ONLY
*U>»'t/>'v/. few minutes from town; nice new
house, barn and complete farming outfit-, see this
and you will buy. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
ijH'Rn a NICE 10-ACR- FARM, iy 2
<J)-LU»Jv/. miles from town, all in choice fruit, I
grapes and berries: all tools, chickens, etc., in-
cluded. See BPECK <fc CO., 602 Market st.
] (U\ ACRES 2 MILES FROM LIVERMOKK:
J \)\J vineyard, orcnard and grain: fine Improve-
ments; cheap for cash. SPECK A CO., 602
Market st. : |
QA N MATEO: FOR SALE; SPLENDID COUN-
O. try residence and 3 acres of land; house has nil
modern improvements; grounds, nicely improved
with ornamental trees, flowers, etc.; also outhouses
of all kinds; this la cne of the most desirable places
-ltt**an Ma!eo and can bo secured at a bargain.
Call or address Joy's Baldwin Pharmacy, cor. Mar-
ket and Powell stg.
V R~U IT OUCH A RD-10-ACRE TRACTS: \
Jl fruit cannery connected with orchard; work fur
men by the year; women and children during ;
fruit season; splendid opportunity for man with
family to make gocd home. Write for particulars.
I JOHN T. HALL, Alameda. |
GOOD GRAIN OR FRUIT RANCH OF 100
VJT acres in Tulare County for sa'.e or exchange.
Apply 917 Lark! 11 St.
SAN MATEO CITY LAKGE LOT, 100x180, ON
urltlltli nve.: cheap for cash. Address H. P.,
607 Cupp St., city.
1/OR RENT CHEAP. 80-ACRE RANCH ON
X) Petaluma Creek; buildin-'S, etc.
Wanted— Ranch property In bay counties; any
one wanting to sell should Ist with id.
AND A RIBLET, Novato, Marjn Co.
S. F. office— 8, second floor, Mills buildic?.
17IRUIT ORCHARD — 10- ACRE TRACTS,
T fruit cannery connected with orchard: work
I for men by the year: women and children during
I fruit season: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good home. Write for particulars.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda.
LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND:
iV. choicest in the State; selling in tracts. 5 acres
upward. $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre: owner forced to sell: lVfc hours from
San: Francisco: easy . terms; title perfect. 67
Chronicle building. -
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 26 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 por
acre; tPrms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. |t
OR HOMES IN LOSG \TOB OR ORCHARDS
in the vicinity or In Santa Cruz Mountains call
j or address C. K. STETSON, box 898, with B. H.
Noble A CO.
T/lOR BALK TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER
-T for cash, 10 acres of Tragedy prunes on the
trees; crop nnout ten tons. Apply KOUERT
JACKS, 214 Brannan st. ;
T ITTLK HOMES CLOSE JO TOWN: IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acra
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit: 3 portly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TwIKO, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market at,. 8. F.
END OUR lToI' OF ORCHARD UOMKS
tor sale. WOOSTKP. A WHITTON. San Joam,
SUBURBAN REAL -STATE.
ALTA PUNT A TRACT, THE GEM OF THE
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from Sun Francisco; lots 60x200 ieet, from .$BO to
$200; small deposit; easy installments; Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. HAIGHT. '220 Sumorue st., San Francisco, Cal.
PKOPEKT- TO KXOHAXiK.
KYVr^ARG A ISIPwH AT "DO^Y?)U~WANT?
iJyjyj 20 houses and Io"a from $1250 t0... 510,000
Residence property, c1ear....... ........'.:.. 12,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to 80,000
100 business places, all kinds/from 860 to. 4,000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
QfAf\nf\ HOUSE, RICHMOND TRACT, FOR
<p4UUU merchandise. DECKER, 1030 Mar-
ket st. :
1 ,\ ACRES NEAR SANTA ROSA FOR CITY
X-: property. DECKER, 1020 Market st. -. ■-
PAIR OF FINE FLATS, .WESTERN ADDI-
J t on: no mortgage; to exchange for building
lots. A. M. .SPECK <_ CO., 602 Market st.
MODEL HOME "(JfTo ACRES AT LOS GATOS;
1000 fruit trees, house, barn, windmill, tank:
everything Included; want city improved; will
pay difference or will sell on easy terms.
EXCHANGE FOR IMPROVED BERKELEY
Hi property— 94 acres near Castroville; 18 acres
in orchard, 15 hay, balance wood mid pasture;
house barn and splenild water supply; price
$5600 clear. I. SCHAKFF, 20 Montgomery st. : r
1 OQil ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
J _jOv' w»ter: flne for cattle-rtlslng. N..bx.l6,CaU
PROPERTY WANTED.
Xv^^^^ ) O > A V ' N G~T>TvESTMENT
TT business property, between Market, Jones and
(;earv sts., S. F.; mus pay C per cent net: outlay
940,6"* to $50,000 cash. Address Cash, 633
Hobk ■>.'. Oakland. • -
\\; ANTED— LOT: 25-FOOT FHONT: WITHIN
VV 1 mile of City Hall; state terms. L., box 3 37,
Ca'l OlHce. * ...
~~™~~ ~~ ~ STORAGE.
pl''LY^^"TtA^ES^'O^R^i ; o"Rl^Tulft>r]P
A ture. etc. SUIREK <fc BHIKEK, 747 Market.
1 ARGEDRY. BASEMENT WITH HYDRAU-
XJ lie sidewalk elevator. Apply 823 Market.
HI H. RODNEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
X -red iced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
TORAOE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. - 211 Larkin. ,
I?»UKNITUKE. PIANOS, TRUNK*; AD-
vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOH.2O4 Post.
T OWKBT. BATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS,"
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. r<erce, 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
• low rates: fire-proof building: Eastern plan.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9O» BROADWAY.
OAKLAND F.EAL ESTATE.
FOR RENT— f !•» NEW 6-ROOM ! FLAT ON
East Seventeenth st. near 2 car lines: 5 m!u-
ut°s' walk to brQadgange station: ell modern con-
veniences.
FOR RENT— S2O; "NEW 2-STORY 6-ROOM
' bouse: completed June 15; modern improve-
ments; barn; close to good school; Thirteenth
aye.; car line passes the door.
FOR RENT- $9O; FURNISHKDCOZY 4-ROOM
-T cottage in East Oakland- near car line; large
yard; beautiful flowers; good furniture.
FOR SALE — $2500; LAR'IE 2- STORY 10-
-room house: Thirteenth aye., near 2 car lines
and good school; all street work, sewers, etc.. com-
pleted; lot. 52x127: soain front; fine location: will
exchange equity for goods lots in East Oakland.
IT 1 OR SALE— S2BOO: FiNE 2-S TORY HOUSE,
F just completed; cost $»000: 7 rooms, bath,
laundry, etc.; all street work done; beautiful loca-
tion In East Oakland; $800 cash; 'balance mort-
gage. B H. WELCH A CO., SW. cor. Fifth aye.
and Eighteenth st., East Oakland.
QOf I ACRES, SONOMA ~ COUNTY, NEAR
t>_-U coast: orchaid 10 years old; $2000 trade,
$1500 cash; 160 acr>-s elegant timber: near water
transportation; this place, cost $8000, for $3500;
great bargain. C. K. KING, 902 -roadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
r-!i'VoM HOUSE: PIEDMONT CABLE-CARS;
0 lot 25x165: only 1800; easy terms. C. K. KING, 1
902 Broadway, Oakland. >
MALLHIOUSE~AT;'_t 50-FOOT LOT FRUIT-
vale: $150: cheapest ever offered. C. K.
KING. 932 Broadway, Oakland.
O«_)l ACRES NEAR SAN PABLO: ALL IN |
£0% fruit; for sale cheap. C. K. KING, 9U2
Broadway, Oakland.
CM K. (\l\l\ business corner, near
<jnl«).U*'V. Twelfth and Market sts., IOOx
100: five 2-story houses, all rented. A.M. SPECK
A CO.. 6 )2 Market st.
AKLAND AND FRUITVALE PROPERTY
for sa:e or exchange: furnished bouses to let.
E. HILL. 34 DoloUo.? building.
07x75 FEET, ON FRaNKLIN ST., WITH j
ill Improvements: business corner; must be sold
to clostt an estate; the chance of a lifetime: no !
reasonable offer refused. Apply to A. H. BLOW, I
1010 Broadway, Oakland.
BARGAIN, $1475; EASY TERMS; WEST
Oakland, close to local: 6-room house, mod- I
crn Improvements; lot 80x125. William p. j
TODD, 1002 Broadway, Oakland. ;
(JljCr.rW'l ELEGANT SUBURBAN RESI-
«3)O«JUU. denco and grounds, with 3 acres, for ,
sale; formerly sold at $18,000. ALDEN&KRO-
.N E.N BE KG, 902 Broadway, Oakland. <
-?£>£. A 10 ACRES, EAST OF FRUITVALE. |
_»O*>U.'ALDBN A KHONENBERG. 902
Broadway, Oakland.
®* I *J7\f\ 2 ACRES; 4-ROOM HOUSE, BAR~N \
•IP LOOVr. and orchard. ALDEN & KRONEN- !
BEI'.O, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FI'KMTUKE FOR SALE. |
"cTo^ nnci!rrrTrirE~4^troSisT~f^ w hkll. \
QOt). HAAS'. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
POTTAGeT~6 '"" ROOM^r~BATH, V LA UN DRY*! j
\J attic; largo lot; rent reduced from $25 to $15.
.Sea WILLIAM STONE, 1139 East Nineteenth
St., near Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland. !
KENT— COTTAGES: MODERN: 5 AND
X 6 rooms: $15 andsl6; lane lots near Berkeley. .
J. 11. Kli.-ON. 908 t-rotuway. Oakland. ,
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
dSTTQ Ni^^M7)rTKR^T7^RT)O?ii"FL^TI^rNO |
tJnlO. dark or inside rooms; stove in Kitchen; j
dumbwaiter; water and ash-man free; central; 1
near Adeline station : apply at once. A. H. :
BREED & CO., 460 Ninth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND KOOMS AND BOARDING.
Q SUNNY UNFURNISHED FRONT ROOMS; '
O stable If desired. 1525 Broadway, Oakland.
aßiposa— mrs. EMMA W. ADAMS—
Newly furnished or unfurnished rooms en !
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 566
Eleventh St., near Jefferson, Oakland. Cal. !
■[FOURTEENTH AND CASTRO— LET, !
J/ with board, 2 front rooms furnished: southern !
and eastern exposure. 1203 Ca«tro st. i
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS j
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET. i
ALA-3__DA HEAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE—
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye. : house 4
rooms. Grand St.; cottage 6 rooms, Everett st. ;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for ;
t-an Francisco property. Apply
KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
VJARCUSE A REMMEL, CONTRACTORS
-ill and builders, Buy-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
$^200-425 cash, $20 monthly; 37:6 frontaije;
handsome new colonial cottage; 6 rooms and bath.
!f2450-$25 cash, $22 60 monthly: 63-117; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
! SSOOO-Nocash: $25 monthly; 37:6x100; NW. ;
1 corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
t $8250— 6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, In
I elegant location.
Several special bargains In lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
"©"I IOH LOT 60x190; STJJKET WORK ALL
«JpJ.l''v/. dove: beautiful location; one and
one-half blocks from station; 13-room house to
rent unfurnished; finest locution in Alameda, cor.
Central aye. and Benton St. T. F. BAIRD, 1303
Park st.
»_1 GOO NEW 6-ROOM, 2-STORY HOUSE
, «Jpl ')\J\t. (toorder): lot 40x160; street sewered
I and graded: will build 6-room modern cottage on
this lot for $1660; call and see. plans. J. 11.
YOUNG, 1243 Park St.. Alameda. .
Q|;|||||l BEAUTIFUL . NEW MODERN
j «JPUUUU. two-story house, finely finished and
1 beautifully frescoed; large ■ rooms; Central aye.,
one Dlock west of Park si.; it will surely please
you: investigate: terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth st.. Oakland.
AHGAIN— SI3SO; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150: house of six rooms: $350 ca«h;
balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
UM.KS BUILT ON TKRMS within this
reach 01 all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5. 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up: $190
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
I Address A. R. DKNKE. real estate, architect and
1 builder. 1502 Seventh st., Alnmeda. v,
I ■ ' — — — — •> • >
ALAMEDA BOOMS TO LET.
URN ISHED rSoM^SUTT ABLE " TOB BX_>
! erly couple or invalid. 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
TO 6 NICK SUNNY ROOMS IN NEW COT-
tasje; furnished for housekeeping; near both
trains^ Alamedn. (i.. box 2. Call Office, Oakland.
MBltirvtuv BUCAi. —STATE.
JOSEPH J. MASON, REaL ESTATE AND
f) Insurance agent, . Berkeley station, adjoining
bank. ' • , ,
/IOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOlt SALE
VJT on easy terms. O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
and building. "123 Center St.. Berkeley.
Berkeley HOUSES.
1~7or" CHOICEST"" LOCATION in
r Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.: all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON. Berkeley.
31ONEY TO LOAN.
6 ANS" ON " REAL" ESTATE 1 St" OR 2ND
Jmortga^es, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
ANY AMOUNT: IST. or 3D MORTGAGES;
__ . estates, undivided interests, real estate in Dro
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
1 \IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
U no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68. Donohue bldg, 1170 Markets:.
JOS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
life insurance policies, 330 Pine st. . "
ST 4 i at» MORTGAGES: INTKRKSTS IN KS-
utes;lowest rates;no deIay.MURPHY,62B Mrict.
\ dvance-son dFaMONDS.JEWELKV, KTU
Columbia Loan A Collateral Office. 9 Grant aye.
ADVANCES ~ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
XI- jewelry, also 00 furniture, pianos, without- re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, i>4H Market st.: open evenings.
T OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
XJ jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments; interest low: private entrance: private
rooms; discree: attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. •
ON~KY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ONEY LOANED ON JEWKLKY AND
other valuables "at the Security Loan Office
1 06 Market st.. nr. Mason; private mtrnnce 7 TurlE.
PAWNBKOKEitS.
Tt 130 KKAiKNY BT^ KOOM~»^MONBY
Jt\. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. ; low rates: pa«
vat rooms: elevator: pledges for sal » cheap.
proposals.
ISr^okai]s~f7)R~a^ CONCRETE .BTj£k-
X bead and bituminous yard .work— Sealed propo-
sals will be received by the Superintendent of
Common Schools In open session of the Board of
Education, new . City Hall, San Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24. 1896. at 8:30 ■ o'clock .p. >{
for reconstructing a concrete bulkhead and for bi-
tuminous yard work at the North Cosmocolitan
Crammer School In accordance with plans and
specification* (and thecon ltions mentioned there-
in) at the office of Charles I J. I Havens, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. " The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
quire. OEORGE BEAN STON, Secretary.
rEHSOSAIiS. ' -
TNFOBKATIOB WANTKI C( )NCE R N ISO
1 BENJAMIN L. ROADCA P. formerly of Abi-
lene, Kan ;.. and. lately of Pueblo aud Salt Lake
City, ana now supposed to be In > an Francisco or
vicinity. Address HAVEN * HAVEN, room 13,
seventh floor. Mills bn lfling. s. F.
pOMPETKNT LADY" TEACHER WILL GIVE
\J lessons in the English branches in exchange
for reading aloud. - Add ess P.. H., box 4, Call.
rfIKIED utTIING YOUR HAIR DRESSED
X at Ltderer's? Do. Excellence and thorough-
ness is my hobby, and the price— 2s c— is my strong
point. K4. LEDKIIEK. lil Stockton st.: the store
nearest Geary; don't mistake ttTe number.
OLD STYLE CAPES MADE OVER I TO
reefe capes, $2. Address. Cape, box 26, Call.
a LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
-■»- hair, moles, ireckles. scars, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co. 226 Turk, nr. l.cavenworth.
T INCOLN BROS.. CASH GROCERS, ; 226
XJ Sixth St.. middle of the block— Eggs, 10c dozen;
butter. 20c roll; bains. 62 pound: jelly. 10c can:
flour, 80c sack: tea and cofiee, 2sc pound; apricots,
rears, plum*, apple* or pr.mes, 6c pound. LIN-
COLN BROS., 226 sixth St. ___________
HAIRDRE.SSING^ _r,i-7 MANICURE, 25c:
face treatment. BUTLER'S, 131 Post st.,r. 20
DANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT*.
IR\ INE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. S. Mint.
pi. DRKSI (LATE OF PARIS AND LOW*
\I . don); designer, ladies' tailor and furrier.
1714 Post st. ■'
JIM LEE, FIRST-CLASS CHINESE LAU N.
dry. 1913 Bush st. - . .
RAG carpets wove to order.
J t also chenille-wove rues, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 700 Fifth St.. Oakland. CaL
URE CURE FOR POISON " OAK, RlNG-
worms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied;
sent by mail for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053, San Fruncls.o. Cal. -
RS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed; purest toilet
articles. I^6 Kearny st., room 47.
K. J. M. -EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST:-- DlS-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. & Kearny.
A DVICK FREE; UIVORCE LAWS A SPET
T\ clalty ; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market si
PABISIa MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X cuurj'j taught in six weeks: competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Goldeu Gate aye.
VOID EVILS. SEE~DR. H A RDUASTLE
on sex science, etc.. 628 Montgotperyi room 1
GILOAKS, CAPES AND SUI IS RETAILED AT
\J inauufrs' cost. Factory, £0 i-ansome, upstairs.
pAßTl ( ; t< in • - r " - c I I 6OL of MAGAZINE
L and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. K. Partlugton, Gertrude
Partlngton, H. L. i'artiugton. Particulars 424 Pine.
RAZOR EXCHANGE. tiviO MARKET ST.;
J.L line edge put on razor for 25 cent*. v.v .
\\r Al< 1 1 AND " JEWELRY REPAIRING:
II low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRI'ITAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kenrny.
KoTw. PHELP.S, ATTORNEY- AT-LAW, 215
Sansome St., room 4.
QUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
0 guaranteed parlies, $15. upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company.l 117 Market St., bet 7th and Bth.
LIBERAL ADVANCfc- ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
dry. etc.: lowest rr.tej. 948 Market st.
I I IA/l CARDS, $150: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
lUU tct. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary st., r. 39.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST S\~tT:RMS YOU
-f_ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dross poods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings. .
LECTRIC- LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House. 44 Third St.. near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
STROZYNsiKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
CITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 133
Geary, rt-n.cved om Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
IGOUTDOOU STKKEOPTICON SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
OL,D GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
DBESSM.AKEKS.
pToSTUMF.S REASONABLE; SPECIAL
\J rates to professionals. Room 85, St. Ann's
building, 6 Eddy st. ' ■ ■ .
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP:
lawn $1 up. 505% Natoma st.. above Sixth.
CLAIItVOYANTS.
calts! * JhTctsT "^ 60 CTS.
OU marvelous demonstration.
MME. STEWERT'S OCCULT POWER.
This most wonderful trance medium and card-
reader, whose clairvoyant, power* are indeed 111
the zenith of the profession that she so ably de-
; fends against the hordes oi parasites that infest it,
she having been at birth marked withadoube
: veil, nature's insignia of second sight; this, taken
j .together with the fact that she is the seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, makes her the
j most gifted by nature of any medium upon the
1 coast.
She has demonstrated to the public of this city
again and again, both in a private capacity and
: ■ upon the rostrum, that she possessed those tran-
I scendaut powers that have long- identified her work
: with that of the renowned Mme. Blavatsky, to
! whom all Europe paid homage. 1 T:.e most mar-
i velous of her achievements Is that of producing
! upon a piece of common paper the exact likeness
1 of your future husband or wife.
j Consult her on all investments, speculations, lov-
I er's quarrels or the consummation of a speedy and
I happy marriage. Parlors 3 and 4, 917 Market st.
' •LL HAIL! PUOFESgOR F. EUGENE.
BE WISE. BE WISE. BE WISE.
Knowledge is power, Remain not in darkness,
1 ' but seek the light of wisdom and learn what the
fn:ure holds for you. All are pleased with his
readings. His powers excite the wonder and ad-
: miration of all. He gives advice on all maters of
interest to humanity. If yon are In trouble or are
! unsuccessful consult him at once. Read his Sun-
day's advertisement. Hours 10 A. it. to BP. K.
' Letters with stamp answered.
■PROFESSOR F. EUGENE,
I • 1728 Market st.
i A SSIHTANCE AND ADVICE
' 1 J\ that makes unhappy, broken-hearted and
! unfortunate happy and successful.
. PROFESSOit M. L. CARNHLLE,
j The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
■ dium, may be consulted In love, marriage, court-
j ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations: restores lost affections, removes evil in-
; fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
-1 vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brlnss the
; separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
: call on PROF. M. L. CARNELLE, 220 Kdly st.
I Letters with stamp answered. Hours— 9 to 9
I daily and Sundays. • ..
O YOU WISH TO HEAR SOME STARTLING
truth about your affairs; then visit MME.
j BAYLOR, the queen of clairvoyants; ladies 25c:
; gents EOc. 135 Hayes St., near Van Nes3 aye.
I "I ONELLA, SPIRITUAL AND TEST MEDIUM,
; J-J recently of New York, tells you how to be pros-
perous in business: locates mines: sittings daily;
hours Ito S. Parlors 8 and 9, 318 Kearny st.
'••"PROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET, N R. SIXTH;
JT wonderful nower; advice on business, specula-
I tion, love, marrluge. divorce: tells of friends and
' enemies; letters with stamps ans. 9 to 8: also Sim.
M~~wCk. STEWART, THE SEVENTH .DA UGH-
ter, is a born medium; guarantees you a true
i likeness of future h::3ban'i or wife: materializes
; before your own eyes, bo no fraud is practiced upon
the public, for 500 and .*1 : call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Market sU
M~ ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY. GIVES
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
! success in New York City; greatest card reader on
; 'the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton st. Hours
9 to 8; elevator. •
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card- reader, born v.-lth a dou Die veil and
second sight; ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave; fee 26 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
ME. LEGKITE: PRESENT. PAST AND
future: 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
MX. RAVENA HEADS LIFE FLUENTLY:
buslnessadvlce;namesglven;2sc tip. 6 Fourth.
ME. MOI'.EAU. BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st»
V PSY LIFE-READER; LADIES 25c;
i gents 50c; all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
ME. AItNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IX
the world: 50c and $1. shows you the plctur«ot
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
' ETU RNE I>, WORLD-RENOWNED . MME.
J V SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
: ■ present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
i *" *^ "^ m^ mm *^ *~ J-^ *™ ——_—_—_—__——__,
SPIRITUALISM.
MKS. DR. W. MIRANDAS,
The -celebrated spiritual medium, gives $1
1 discount to all her patients who return this cou-
-1 pon; she d«sire* to make known her wood«rful
power over the sick, troubled and afflicted: 'your
j life described from cradle to the grave; gives you
i success and happiness; diagnoses from lock of
1 hair; letters with stamp ans.; sittings $1: hours 10
! to 8; closed Fridays. 1206 Market St.
EMOVAL— ADDIK SWAIN. ASTRAL SEER
J. V and psychic physician, 14 • McAllister St., near
Jones, rooms 18 and -0: no foe except as a gift.
TRKNE SMITH, MEDIUM; CIRCLES MON.,
Wed., Fri., BP. M.: sittings dally. 118 Sixth.
RS. KATE HOSKINtS TRANCE AND BUBl-
ness medium; sittings daily; $1. 136 Oak st.
ViME. DR. THOMAS" CLAIRVOYANT 25
l'l yrs. Kearny, now 92C Post; fee $1; letter $2.
astrology;
MEDICAL ASTROLOGY- PROF. HOWARD'S
vital remedies remove nil chronic troubles and
restore to perfect nealih. . 311 Hyde st.. 10 to 3.
R. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets; dally or by mall, $2. StJ^a Geary st.
; BAGGAGE TEANSFJER.,, ;'
'PRljrn{S~ir6VFrD72snuE>R : sr^JO^^
i. Transfer Company. 43 Batter st.; telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us.
1314
HOFSKS TO tET.^^^^^
AND BATH, $30;
I -_O 2402 Mission, 12 rooms, bath. $37 60; 701
Shotwell, cor. Twenty-first, 10 rooms, bath. $30;
1139 Valencia. 8 rooms, bah, $26: 17 Guerrero,
6 rooms, bath, $25; 17 Guerrero, 6 rooms, bath,
reduced." s2l- 925*i>b Na:oma, 6 rooms, $lb. W.
H. (HIM A CO., 118 -Montgomery st.
LKGANT HOUSE OF NINE BOOMS AND
JCj bath, with all latest improvements: 2219 Call-
fornia St.. bet, Buchanan and Webster. MADISON
« BUKK-. ,
TO LET— BUNNY RESIDENCE SE. CORNER
1 Tavlor and Broadway: 10 rooms and bath; fine
view." At-i'ly H. MEYER, 929 Broadway.
ELEGANT NEW SUNNY 6 ROOMS: OPEN
plumbing; nice neighborhood. 612 Guerrero.
"SjTi 3 ROOMS. REAR OF 1511 BUCHANAN
<)py. St., near Geary.
PLENDID 8-BOOM ROUSE: 3653 TWEN-
tieth si bet. Valencia and Mission; see It:
very low rent.
711 SUTTER ST., NEAR TAYLOR— VERY
I XI choice: elegant; spacious: reasonable.
' A PPRECIATED IF SEEN: 829% SUTTKR,
x\ near Jones; choice for doctor or dressmaker.
mo LET-HOUsE OF 6 ROOMS AND bath:
1 yard and basement: modern; rent $16. 110
Noe St., near Fourteenth.
vim: SUNNY HOUSE: FRONT AND REAR
Jr yarJs for flowers: charming location on quiet
street: clean and attractive: 7 rooms, bath,
laundry; unfinished has ment; $3!}. DEMPST-R,
36 Glen Part aye., oil' Twelfth st.
LEG ANT: MODERN. 9 KOOMS, ETC.; PA-
perea, frescoed, sunny; cheap. 908 Oak St.,
near Scott.
j-r- 4 TWENTY-THIRD, BET. YORK AND
_. i 01 Hampshire— House of 6 rooms and bath;
all modern improvements; fine yard; rent $16.
C'lr HOUSE. 6 SUNNY ROOMS AND
<J) IO. bath. 624 Locust aye., off Laguna.
HOUSE— A NICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10
il ontgoinery st.
C--U\ MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BASE-
qOV. ment: lar.-e yard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
VIKMSHKD HOUSES.
9£l 9 FOLSOM— C 6 mTXe TEL V FUR-
ZiKyl — nished; 12 rooms: bath; laundry: store-
rooms and stable: $60: unfurnished. $40; fine gar-
den. W. H. CRIM <£ CO., 118 Montgomery st.
UNNY HOUSE: 6 ROOMS; NICr.LY FUR-
-0 nished; piano: «36. 1515 Grove St.. nr. Baker.
FURNISHED COTTAGE 4 SUNNY ROOMS
and bath in Richmond. 418 Twelfth aye., near
Point Lobos 'IV.
COTTAGES TO _J^T.
1 OIQ-O- BA"RDr"__rKAß'lii LABKIN — Cuf-
-1 JLXf.' t»Be. 6 rooms and hath; modern Improve-
ments; marine view; cheap.
-91 LOTT— COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
I — I garden in fion.; ren; *19: owner, 111 Van
Ness aye. ;-; : v
>. 1 a COTTAGE 5 rooms: BATH. 3
•J 1 10. J-aussst St.. near Fillmore,
(V. 1«> SUNN'S BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE OF
»Jj) 10. 5 rooms: large yard. 134 Dolores st., nr.
Fifteenth. _^
T~Qi« SKVENTH— _ LARGE SUNNY FRONT
J OU furnished housekeeping rooms, veranda;
yard. '
CiOTTAUK OF 8 OJMS; BATH; GARDEN;
V yard. 2824 Mission st.
C' 7 "\f\ COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS: GOOD
<p i .O\t order: water free. Apply on premises,
945 Bryant St., near Eighth, or 14 Montgomery st.,
>.. H. I'MI'.SK.N A CO.
FIKMSHKI) FLATS.
FOF 9 ROOMS: I IKM rUBK FoRSALE.
_0-' Grove st., cor. Van .Ness aye.
H" ASDSOMKI.i FURNISHED FLAT. MOD-
ern and complete, for about 3 months: reason-
able to responsible party. Apply 2120 Sutter st
7v7T>T~JaUKSON— VEKY NICE.FLAT; FUR-
_. i finished ; upstairs; references; reasonable.
"I7INKLY FURNISHED FLAT 6 BOOMS AND
X bath; beautiful marine view; within one block
of cable-cars to park, ocean, ferries. Presidio and
City Hall: rent reasonable; water free. Address
H. C. J.. box 36. Call Office.
FLATS TO LET.
o^o^\VA^inN7iT^N^T]o^VEß~^r ROOMS.
O.LO— . bath, $32 50; Guerrero, near Seven-
teenth, new, nearly completed, 6 rooms and
batn, $27 50; 10 - Valencia, lower 6 rooms,
bath, $23 50: 2518 Mission, upper 6 rooms,
bath, 522 50; 2825 Howard, lower 5 rooms,
bath. $20: 339 Eddy, upper 4 rooms. $20;
307 Second, upper 7 rooms. $18: 58 Tehama,
upper 6 rooms, $18; 824 Filbert, middle 5 rooms,
baih, marine view. $18: 10V4 Min-ja, lower 4
rooms bath, $16; 1112 Guerrero, upper 5 rooms.
bath, ■*:.">; liy-. McLea court, upper 5 rooms,
bath, $16; 526 Filbert, upper 5 rooms. $16; 116
Dorland, upper 5 rooms, $14; 421Va Mississippi,
ower 4 rooms, bath. $14; 1307 Minna, upner 5
rooms, $14: 109V2 Ellis, basement 5 rooms, $12;
2815 Larkin, lower 5 rooms, *12: 819 Alabama,
lower 5 rooms, stable, $12; 126 Germania,
upper 5 rooms, $12: 1311 Minna, lower 4
rooms, $-10; 2856 Twenty-second, near Harrison,
lower 3 roams, $10: 174 Clementina- upper 3
ro-ims, $10; 1047 )-o!sorn, upper 4 rooms. 89: 58
Tehama, upper 3 rooms, *8. W. H. CKIM _ CO.,
118 Lontgomtry st.
Q I 7 HAVES — MODERN FLATS 7 BOOMS
O i i and b.i h: rent reduced. UMBSEN & CO.,
3 4 Montgomery st.
T\ 1314 GREEN; 3 ROOMS
and bath; rent $10. Apply MADISON A
IiUKKE.
C* 1 - rrv FIVE-ROOM FLAT, 750 F"LSOM;
«_)! I .Oil. $22 50— 5-room flat. 22 Webster:
$10— 4-room flat, 1027 Capp; Cheap house re»r
of 1025 Capp. McEWKN BROS., 118 Montgomery.
(JUNNY NOB-HILL FLAT, »20 PINE, OPPO-
-0 sue the Bella Vista: 6 rooms and bath; rent
$25; latest improvements.
ITPPEK FLAT 5 BOOMS AND BATH: 3314
J .Nineteenth st., near Mission.
LEG a 1 FLAT, 7 BOOMS, BATH; 1138
Fulton st., opposite Alamo square; rent $35.
1 HOI) TWENTY-FIFTH— SUNNY FLAT 5
*iU_-O rooms cheap.
1 QA7 STEIN EX, NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
-LCUI flat 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
IJ.IQ Ul'Pi-JR FLAT; 4 LARGE SUNNY
iJIO, rooms. 728 ; 2 McAllister st.
Y-LAT 4 SUNNY' "ROOMS. 13 HAMPTON
X place, off 1 olsoui St., bet. Second ana Third.
uj. I O 4 ROOMS, 2037 V2 MISSION ST. KEY
«J.IO. in grocery, cor. Seventeenth.
M . \T OF 5 SUNNY ROOMS. 224\4 O'FAR-
-1 rell st.: rent $12 50.
V- I 1 FII.STFLOCR; SUNNY; 2 PARLORS:
ta^XJL. bay-window; nice range; storeroom: coal
bin; other conveniences; just papered and painted,
Sacramento st. and Prospect place; key in grocery.
SUNNY FLAT: 5 KOOMS: BATH. 638 JES-
-0 sle si., bet. seventh and Eighth.
'-]-<! EDDY— DEfcIRABLE SUNNY COB-
JO'iI ncr flnt; 6 rooms; latest improvements;
reni reasonable.
T^iTa 7 ! D ~ui )OMS AND BATH; MODERN IM-
x provements. 1520 Post st.
.• 1•> FLAT OF 3 LARGE ROOMS; LARGE
it* I O. yard. 'IViy^ Eleventh si., nr. Howard.
(||(|l Harrison— middle flat; 3 large
i/lU . sunny rooms; rent $11.
{■,]' FURNISHED 3- ROOM FLAT: NO
»3) 10. children. Inquire E. H. PERRY, 961
_ilS3lon.Bt-
A'EW FLAT 8 ROOMS, BATH; REASON-
IX able: southeast cor. Page and Lyon sts. Apply
on premises or 350 Fremont m.
tvtkw modern flat. 5 ROOMS, BATH.
-1- 1 yard, basement; $22 50. 639 Minna su
9£l A «*UI Ti:ii ST.— A NICE SUNNY FLAT;
_.U±tr yard front and rear: $15.
Cliooil^, BATH " AND STABLE, CORNER
*' Twenty-second and Harrison.
Am "REDUCED. 1614 LEAVENWORTH—
(Jl". Upper tint 4 rooms; yard; cheap.
99A rose AYE., r. haight AND PAGE
_. —v/ sts.— 3 sunny rooms; bath and basement.
99/- TENTH— '" FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
_><— U bath : modern improvements.
71 - OCTAVIA, NB. MCALLISTER— LOWER
lit) flat, of 5 rooms; bath, gas and basement.
01 9 F. A LOWER FLATS; 6 ROOMS;
tE) J-.— '■.«JU. every convenience. 4220 Nine-
teenth St., west of < as ro.
79^1 McALLISTER-FLAT 6 rooms and
I — iU2 bath: sunny side; rent reduced.
SUNNY FJ.ATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS: BATH;
garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post st.
VINE UPPER FLAT, 4 KOOMS. BATH. ETC..
x $22: lower flat, 6 rooms, bath, laundry, larg*
yard, $.'5: both above in perfect condition; on
12th St., cor. Glen Park aye., 4 rooms, large yard,
unfinished basement, opp. private park, $16.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye.. off 12th st.
<2«99 -i\ 11. AT OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
tJp_._i.«Jl/. SCt-darave., off Larkin St., bet. Post
and Geary.
U_ 17- N'T-. \V MODERN SUNNY FLATS, FIVE
•Til . rooms and bath. 141 San Jose aye., near
Twenty-fourth su
(j> 1 I* MODERN UPPER FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
f^LO. and bath. 2203 Geary, cor. Devisadero.
Q-l t\ KLLIS-THREE SUNNY FLATS; 3
OxU rooms, bath, yard, basement; $20.
mi.) SIS Til — BAY-WINDOW FLAT 6
<u\J—> rooms, bath: low rent.
•I eyi\l FURNISH KD FLAT; THREE
I^A)% rooms and bath; rent $25.
OU ELGIN PARK, OFF RIDLEY, ABOVE
OU Valencia— or 3 rms. : bath; laundry: yard.
C_ 1 A 4-ROOM "UPPER FLAT, HALF A
CIU. block from Third and Mission. Apply 15
Grant aye.
-1 "I /-I FULTON— GOOD LOWER FLAT: 5
Iluj rooms and bath : near City Hall.
O TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
O tases from $6 to $20. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. ■ '
VI.AT-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
A rent by BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery si.
OW X FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large
yard; sun all day; rent $14; water free.
LEGANT NEW FLATS. SKVENTH ST., BE-
JEj — Atiyant. 6 and 0 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
FLATS TO _ET— Continued.
SUNNY TOP FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
all latest improvements: $16. 713 rove st.
A W'E-K'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THK
A "WEEKLY CALL. In —rapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEI'INIi books.
Anthony Street.
8 ANTHONY, OFF MISSION, NEAR BEC-
ond— Housekeeping rooms for two, $1 60 per
week. •
Capp Street.
C)f\ CAPP— 2 SUNNY ROOMS FURNISHED
ZXj complete for housekeeping to a quiet family.
Clay street.
-I no P. CLAY— SIO; 2 FRONT ROOMS AND
lOOi) storeroom; complete for housekeeping;
bath.
Dale Place.
71 DALE PLACE, OFF GOLDEN GATE AYE.—
12 Furnished housekeeping rooms: sunny; rea-
sonable. _____________
J_«idv Street.
91 QED D V — FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
_.■_. O nished rooms; housekeeping: single rooms;
$4 up. .
One EDDY— PLEASANT FRONT ROOM;
Q\JO suitable for 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
QQ7 EDDY— 2 SUNNY • UNFURNISHED
00 I rooms for housekeeping. ■
Eighth Street.
OfiA EIGHTH — DOUBLE SUNNY BOOM
OUt for housekeeping.
Ellis Mreec.
COO ELLIS ST. — DESIRABLE UNFUR-
O-.O nished sunny parlor floor: housekeeping.
CO9 Ellis— four sunny unfurnished
«JO— rooms and bath. :■..■...
(\C ELLIS— FRONT SUITE OR 3 ROOMS
• I'U complete for housekeeping, nicely fur-
nished. .. • - ;
Fifth Street.
991 FIFTH— NICE SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
*.*.! kitchen, for housekeeping.
0~l A FIFTH— SUNN Y~FRONT BAY-WINDOW
OX _- room and kitchen: also other sunny house-
keeping rooms; bath; large yard; private: $10 up.
099 FIFTH ST.— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
O__. for housekeeping: rent $9.
09' FIFTH -FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
O— ■-* Ing 2, $10; 3, $13; also single, $5. _>
fourth Street.
1 9A FOURTH— FRONT DOOMS COMPLETE
X ~U for housekeeping: reasonable.
99;= FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
— .— w'J light housekeeping; also single rooms.
OAT FOURTH — SUNNY FURNISHED
O\J I housekeeping rooms; $2 to $ J 50 per week.
yOUKTH, COR. LOUISA. OVER RESTAU-
X rant, entrance 90 Louisa— Bay-window front
and kitchen, $12; also two, $8.
Jb'ulton Street.
"I "I O FULTON— 2 LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
111) rooms; pard; $10 month.
Howard Street.
7J.1 HOWARD-MODERN HOUSEKEEPING
4 ■_! rooms, single or en suite; reasonable.
7£l 1 HOWARD — DESIRABLE SUNNY
lUI3 front rooms; also others: bath: gas; rea-
sonable.
1"I Qf| HOWARD — 3 COMPLETE FUR-
— IOU nUhed housekeeping rooms; in private
family.
11 49 HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT FUR-
! 1 "1— nished housekeeping rooms; water;
range; rent $12 60.
= HOWARD — 3 UNFURNISHED
Old rooms: light housekeeping; use bath and
laundry: no children.
1 fiOri OWARD-2 FURNISHED ROOMS:
1 Uv/U complete for tight housekeeping.
94.90 HOWARD— 4 OR 5 SUNNY ROOMS,
jU^ZiVJ furnished for housekeeping; nice house;
garden; very reasonable.
lijde Street.
91 A HYDE — TWO SUNNY FURNISHED
_ iX \J rooms complete for housekeeping.
Larkin Street.
Q9£ LARKIN ST.-3 CONNECTING ROOMS;
O— U furnished complete for housekeeping.
McAllister Street. ,
4 A 7 McALLISTF.R-2 NEWLY FURNISHED
— — I sunny rooms, complete for housekeeping.
inn:- "imii.
?:rc MINNA — GOOD ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
-0 i O keeping.
-•-IrMoii ■-' reel.
Q9ri MISSION— SUNNY ROOM. KITCHEN,
•'.-•)•.£ exclusive bath and porch; other rooms.
-loss Street.
Oa MOSS, OFF HOWARD. NR. SEVENTH-3
OU furnished rooms for housekeeping.
>in Hi Street.
1 9QI NINTH— TWO LARGE CONNECTING
J *.(.!{ rooms: $15: also single.
Norfolk Street.
2 -ROOMED CO'ITAGE, FURNISHED FOR
— housekeeping: washroom, yard. 52 Norfolk
St., off Folsom, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth.
Octavia Street.
1 Af\O OCTAVIA. COR. GEARY—
x trUO bay-window connecting; furnished;
housekeeping.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA-2
or 3 well-furnished housekeeping rooms.
JPost Street.
Q99 POST— 2 PLEASANT REAR ROOMS
<-' — — furnished for housekeeping; $10; laree yd.
9/^OO POST-HOUSEKEEPING ROO—'S TO
Prospect Place.
"I 90 PROSPECT PLACE — FURNISH ED
JL — jO rooms for housekeeping or without, with a
German family.
Second Street.
C 9 SECOND— 2 PLAIN ROOMS FOR LIGHT
tJ_. housekeeping; $1 60 up; other rooms; cheap.
Seventh Street.
Q9QI SEVENTH— 3 UNFURNISH'D SUNNY
Oi.O)8 rooms cheap; private family.
Silver Street.
nn SILVER— TWO SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
— .U furnished for housekeeping: rent low.
Mxth S rest.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
cozy botisekf aping rooms and other rooms.
901 SIXTH— 2 ROOMS, HOUSEKEEPING,
Stevenson Street.
-<9F: STEVENSON, BET. FIFTH AND
T:ZiO Sixth — Elegant rooms; first floor; very con-
venient. Apply within.
a A}) STEVENSON, BET. SEVKNTH AND
Utr_i Eighth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
bath: central.
Taylor Street.
IAO TAYLOR— FURNISHED ROOM WITH
XUO kitchen for housekeeping; single rooms.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET— I, 2OR 3
large sunny rooms, housekeeping or board.
Third Street.
I ASK THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
l.jiO rooms complete, rirst floor: bath, gas.
COO THIRD-FURNISHED "ROOMS FOR
OO\J housekeeping, cheap; also single.
lurk - iii.-i.
1 InTVRK - Hi EGANTLY FURNISHED
X LU suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges.
1 9Q TURK-SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
Jl_.(7 keeping rooms: reasonable.
Twelfth Street.
1° it TWELFTH- 2 FURNISHED OR UN-
O _ furnished housekeeping rooms; lower floor.
Twelfth Avenue.
©1 A FURNISHED; $8 UNFURNISHED;
©lv lower floor: 4 sunny rooms. 418 Twelfth
aye., near Point Lobos, Richmond.
Twenty-sixth Street.
II Cl TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
XI O'i nicely furnished clean housekeeping
rooms; yard: low rent.
Van .\e»s Avenue. .
I VAN NESS AYE. — LARGE, SUNNY
OKI front alcove and kitchen complete for
housekeeping; reasonable.
Webster Street.
7-1 1 WEBSTER-2 OR 3 NICELY. FUR-
I XX nlshed rooms; housekeeping; modern.
"Welsh Street.
m WELSH. OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICE
furnished room* for housekeeping, cheap. '
Van >ess Avenne.
Aft') VAN NESS AYE.-TWO ROOMS FUR-
nv/_j nished for housekeeping; 1 front; sunny;
$17. v .' -*'
Miscellaneous."
PLEASANT HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS IN
X private family; reduced rates. R. R., box 147,
Call Office.
piIKAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. . —»*-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
• KOOBIS TO LET.
Bush Stroe..
797 BUSH— LARGE BAY-WINDOW ROOM;
I -< I also small front. $7.
1 1 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
llvl rooms, gas, hot and coid water; bath.
■I IQC NICELY FURNISHED AL-
_ 1 DO cove suite: rent $14 a month.
< 'ail Place.
9 CARLOS PL., OFF O'FARRELL, NEAR
Powell— Sunny furnished rooms; $4 and $5.
Diamond Street.
a(\ DIAMOND-LA G E UNFURNISHED
tIU front sunny room with mantel and grate: $6.
.•tidy Street.
QH7 EDDY— COMFORTABLE ROOM. GAS,
O\J I bath; low rent; private family.
{'On EDDY— MCELY FURNISHED SUNNY
UO 4 front rooms. ■ ■
1 Hjlitli street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St.. near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
I f\rj EIGHTH-SUNNY front room.new-
-IUI ly furnished: private family; cheap.
Elliott Park.
9f\ ELLIOT PARK— SUNNY UNFURNISHED
ZU rooms; large closet: cheap. Off Steiner st.,
near Girls' High School.
—...ilii st reel.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— ELECTRIC
lights In every room: reading-room contains all
daily papers; open all night: rooms, per night, 35c
to $1 50; week, $2 to $8: month, $8 to $30; lire
escapes; elevator on office floor; r'ms for families.
riIHE RAMONA, 180 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
1 HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot _ cold water.
OOSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
XX at reduced rent: satisfy yourself: open all night.
Q99 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
O— i— J CALUOUN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming house: 60 rooms.
.no ELLIS — FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
tt J-O nished; light housekeeping; single rms.. $6.
CAO ELLIS— SUNNY FRONT ROOM.; SUIT-
itUO able for 2; $8. -
Everett Street.
a C EVERETT— FURNISH X.D ROOMS, DAY,
_-» week or month, $3, $4, $5; housekeepg rms.
Fifth Street.
IHO FIFTH ST.— NICE, CLEAN. SUNNY
X\)u front rooms, single or double, $1 60 to $3
per week.
a* 1 WEEK: SUNNY single FURNISHED i
«Jpl room; closet; bath; private. 314 fifth st.
FoUom street.
rnn FOLSOM-4 NICE SUNNY UNFUR-
«_)—U nisbed rooms cheap.
7Q9 FOLSOM — ICE SUNNY FRONT
I O— suite; rent reasonable.
R9O FOLSOM— DOUBLE OK SINGLE ROOMS
O,— v from $1 per week up.
Fulton Street.
cyr FULTON ST.— LARGE SUNNY FUR-
- mO nished or unfurnished room, with bath, be-
tween Larkin and Polk sts., near'uew City Hall.
tatMU*T ,>ire«..
91 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
— IX (2 unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
A~\ A GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED SUITE
trJLTb of rooms; suitable for man and wife or 2
gentlemen: $25. '.•".".'
L(\ 1 G AR V — NEWLY FURNISHED
Cul rooms; pleasant: central; reasonable; new
corner flat.
QQC GKARY-KLKGANTLY FURNISHED
VZiO parlor snlte; also single rooms-
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS ;
X handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: $10
month up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
..uiuen <»ate Avenue.
C)OA GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FRONT
_-Utl parlor; reasonable.
Af\(\ GOLDEN G ATE A Y — NEATLY FUK-
riAJo nished room to let in private family for one
or two gentlemen; terms reasonable.
/' GOLDEN GATE ~ AVE. — PLEASANT,
«J-LU sunny rooms suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
C 97 GOLDE.H GATE AYE. — NICE FUR-
.-—. i nished room In private family.
Harriet Street.
9?: O HARRIET— 3 ROOMS: CHEAP.
Howard Street.
Q9Q HOWARD— SUNNY FURNISHED
OJZiO rooms with bath; rent very reasonable.
it\H\ HOWARD— SUNNY FRO .NT ROOM;
X\J I \f hot and cold water: bath; $6 a month.
1 1 /19 HOWARD— SINGLE ROOM; BATH
X lii- rent $4; also rooms by night.
"I 91 71 HOW AH D — NICELY KN ISH ED
1 — 1 I •£ front room for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
■I OA/« HOWARD, COB. FOURTEENTH — 3
J-Ov/U or 4 rooms; rent low.
on»« *■ reec.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
suite; also sunny alcove room: private.
9H7 .JONES- THK VAN WINKLK; NKW
—v' I management: elegant runny suites 'and
tingle; newly iurnlsl»"l: batii. etc.; SIU to *3t).
1 9AQ JONES ST.— TO RENT, SUNNY FUR-
-1 *.'.»»' nished rooms; single or suite.
"««rny streo...
A RLINOTOT* HOUSE, 127 KEARNT—
_— ant tunny rooms, en suite and single: first dan
in every respect: terms reasonable.
9 q KEAKNY— NEWLY renovated AND
jLiltJ elegantly furnished rooms, suite or single,
by the day, week or month; tirst Moor for offices.
MRS. GRACE GEORGE.
Lark in Street
QH/t LARKIN — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
UVI furnished, $9; large back, $7; housekeep-
lug.
Q1 7 LARKI NICE SUNNY ROOMS,
0 1 1 double, single and housekeeping; all fur-
niEhed; $7 up.
Laskle Street.
91 LASKIE. OFF MISSION, NR.. NINTH—
2 Sunny furnished rooms, $4 and $5.
i. Ulkr - . 1 «■« .
VOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET— PER
I night, 350 to $1; week. $1 50 to $5: families.
McAllister Street.
19A MCALLISTER— FLAT OF 3 NICELY
1 — -V/ furnished rooms; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, NEAR VAN NESS—
__! iO Nicely furnished sunny room: use of bath.
3aliii.:i - 1 : to..
OOrr MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
DO 4 nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
3hkh on -1 1 <■•■
0 FURNISHED ROOMS. 39V 2 MISSION ST.
90901 MISSION — NICE LARGE ROOMS;
_._. '—<—._ new bedding; private family; special
care.
__ __ ________________ __
n nth Street.
I"I Q NINTH - SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
X XO light-housekeeping: lower flat.
Oak Street.
Q99 OAK— LARGE, SUNNY, WELL-FUR-
• >«-_. nisbed front room; a suite reasonable.
O'_'arrell Street.
097 O'FARRELL— SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
O_i • well furnished; 86 and 87.
COO O'FARRELL — NICE FKONT ROOM;
— '—jO private family; for gentleman; good home;
reference.
Pine Street.
7Q91 PINE-ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
• '>—.: front rooms; rent reasonable.
I'olJt Street.
71 7 POLK— NICE. SUNNY, FURNISHED
114 rooms ; rent $5 to $8.
1 '-il'Hl FOLK-LARGE UNFURNISHED
ID\JU front snlte; for doctor, dressmaker or
living. '
1 QOI POLK— 4 NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
XOKJX partly furnished.
i-<»-! Street.
99Q1 POST— THK DOM US; NICELY FUR-
»--'Oa nisbed rooms for gentlemen only.
71 Q. POST-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
i XO private bath.
Seventeenth Street.
QA^Ci SEVENTEENTH-SUNNY FUR-
OiXOkJ nished rooms with or without board.
MxtliS ree .
1 91 SIXTH ST.-SUNNY FRONT SUITE
XOiJ Cheap: good for dentist; transient specialty.
1 AQ SIXTH-NICEi.Y FURNISHED SUNNY
IUO rooms: en suite, single: clean, quiet; $5 up.
south Part. ] ~
C A SOUTH PARK — VERY DESIRABLE
O\f newly furnished sunny ' rooms: bath, gas
etc.; reasonable; private family.
9 JO SIXTH-LARGE FRONT ROOM SUIT-
-j 1 — -J able for 2 gentlemen; $7.
.tevenson Street.
P.. A STEVENS ON— 2 LARGE SUNNY
O X _ rooms In the rear, with yard and cellar.
Ol 7 STEVENSON, OFF TENTH— AN UN-
O± I furnished front room with grate: $4 month.
Miner tree:.
GUTTER. COR. TAYLOR (THE SAN
4 I/O Remi)— Newly furnished sunny rooms; en
suite or single; references.
_ ROOMS TO I.ET— Continued. -
laylor Street;.
"I "I C TAYLOR — HANDSOME SUITE OF
XXU rooms: price $20. ■
41 A YLOR— 3 BEDROOMS; RENT $7, $8
riX\J and $10; modern flat; light housekeeping
allowed.
lurk Street.
OOJ TURK— LARGE UNFURNISHED
*-*- double parlor; gas; $20; also furnished
rooms.
Twelfth Street.
4 TWELFTH ST., CoR MARKET-LARGE
' single front room for rent, $5 a month.
Twenty-sixth Street.
l] f;i twenty-sixth, NEAR MISSION—
1 lug Single rooms, nicely furnished, quiet,
clean, $4 to $6 per month.
Valencia Street.
997 VALENCIA ST.— 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
-j«^ I nished rooms with closets; $8.
Willow Avenue.
790 wn>L OW AYE., BET. WEBSTER AND
I _iV/ Buchanan— Four sunny rooms: $7 50.
Q AUSALITO-PLEABANT ROOMS FOR GEN-
-0 tlemen; also transient. BUTLER, Hwisher
House. Sausalito. ■
HOARDING AND KOOMS.
p O LU M b7a~^6tEL-T>T~ I*uTk FOR-
\J merly well-known proprietor of the Cosmo-
politan Hotel, has purchased Hackmeier's Hotel,
and assures his old patrons and the traveling pub-
lic that his former reputation as a host will be out-
done in his new enterprise; Mr. Buckley's free
buses meet ail trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy
St.; meals 25c. :iV:V-
Q1 71 GEARY— HANDSOME FRONT ROOM;
(JX I 2 bath, gas; breakfast, with use of private
team; references exchanged; running water;
seen to be appreciated; $13 per month.
EAT SUNNY ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN:
XT breakfast if desired; references. 1220 Mc-
Allister st.
7 1 9 POST — FURNISHED ROOM; USE OF
I XL. I parlor and piano; good board: 92.0 up.
7"! A GEARY-FRONT ALCOVE SUITE AND
1 -L v other desirable rooms: references.
rTIHE STEWART, COR. ELLIS AND LEAVEN-
X worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites orslngle.
TELEGA NT ROOMS; QUIET. REFINED
XJ neighborhood; central; board optional. Apply
CalL
707 BLLIS— WELL FURNISHED FRONT
1 I bay- window room, with or without board.
HYDE, 299, CORNER EDDY — LARGE
grounds: large sunny rooms en suite or sin-
gle, with private bath ana toilet; extra table.
rpilK VICTORIA, NW. COR. CALIFORNIA
X and Hyae— 2 sunny corner suites, first floor:
ail modern improvements; reference required. ..
OTi-.1. BISRTLINU. 714 HUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
( r'l conveniences.
CHILDREN boakded.
U r ANTED-CHIL^i ; b^OAR7rrG^O^HOMET
1118 Howard st., top flat.
MRS. FALLEK WOULD LIKE 2 CHILDRKN
to board; motherly care. 1606 Powell st.
CHILD THAT CAN WALK TO BOARD IN A
\J private family; mother's care; $8. 44%
Bitch st. ; . v .,-:..-
- LADY WISHES BABY TO BOARD;
VJT good home. 4351/2 Hayes st.
Vir anted— SMALL CHILDREN to board;
»" good home and mother's care. Apply 1915
Magnolia st, Oakland.
COMFORTABLE AND HEALTHY HOME FOR
I 1 or 2 children to board; terms reasonable.
Call at 12 Cherubusco St., off Cortland aye.
ARENTS DESIRING TO BOARD THEIR
-L children out can find an unexceptionally good
home with best of care in private family; terms
$10. D., box 160, this office.
LADY WITH GIRL 16 WISHES 1 OR 2
children to board. 134 Collins st.
9 CHILDREN, NOT UNDER 6 YEARS, TO
£. i board. 1668 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland.
LADY WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2 CHILDREN
to board: good home, 654 Jessie St., between
Seventh and Eighth. #*
4 T 402 SAN JOSE AYE. A PLEASANT
— - home for child; refined family; good care:
terms moderate. -
STORKS TO LKT.
P^Tf~K'K"ATtN^r£^ u l^E~^^^
OZiX (large), $100.
625 Kearny— Large store, etc., $75.
519 Kearny— Store, etc., $45. W. H. CRIM _
CO., 118 Montgomery st.
T ARGECORNKR STORE WITH 2 LIVING-
XJ rooms and basement; also flat of 8 rooms ana
bath. 417% Third st.
OTORE AND ROOMS. 2257 MISSION ST.
TOKE TO LET IN THE TOWN OF HAY-
-10 wards; best location; suitable for any kind of
business. For information write to J. K. NISSEN.
O LIST— WINDOW. SUITABLE FOR ClGAR-
stand. Inqulreat 1940 Market St., cor. Haight.
STUBS; $16; 1007y 2 LA It KIN. COR. POST;
O new: living rooms. KELLY. 102 Eddy.
STORK SUITABLE FOR SHOESHOP OR
cheap gents furnishing store; cheap rent. 744 I
Fourth st. ' :
STOvES WANTED.
WANTED— A SMALL STORE OR HALF OF
one for a nice jewelry business: will pay $26
to 940 a month; In good location: west of Market
and between Kearny and new City Hall preferred, j
Address 11. A., box 66. Oall Office.
OFFICES TO LET.
Q9~(TT'XSnrToVsTTTIsR^^
(J—ri'4 flees and residence combined; reasonable.
1 A A GEARY, NE A KEARNY— ELEGANT
J Tt first-floor bay-window furnished office.
PRKCKELS BUILDING. ~927 MARKET—
O Elegant sunny offices. $12 60 up; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply «t building
or U. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOTEL, TO LET.
T"~O^L^T^tlse~\vT~TEL^ HOCsiT 317^19
Bush St.: this well-known hotel is thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved; compares witn
best 2d-class hotel In town. MADISON & BURKE
HOTEL, TO LEASE.
otelTto lease fob a term or years!
XX new 6-story and basement brick building con-
taining 83 rooms", also ground floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, % block N. of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVERBERG, 320
SBnsome st., room 39.
HOTEL, WANTED.
WANTED— TO LEASE OR RENT, A GOOD
'• country hotel; send particulars, etc A. ZEL-
I.KI'.. 1607 Brush St.. Oakland.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
081 ALL~7-7 7cTAV fThALLETt" -TcTJMsfoN
0 square piano; fine tone; perfect order; cheap;
owner leaving city. J. P., box 119. Call office.
AGNIFICENT UPRIGHT PIANO; NEW-
sold to pay advances. 1921 Sacramento st.
TT'ISHER UPRIGHT, $125; MARSHALL A
X Wendell. $125: bargains a l . $150 and $175.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSI. CO., 769 Market.
ffljjw HALLE T & DAVIS I'IANO FOR SALE;
<IPTtJ. $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
________________ _
lANOS~}TaTf PRICE.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
TO CLOSE EBTATK OF CHAS S. EATON.
MUST SEL...
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 735 Market su .
AS OUK NEW KENT. CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., Stein way representatives. ;
* RTEINWAY $175; STECK $150: STEKL-
■A ing $100; Ladd $60. BRIENN'S, 228 Post.
pIANOS— DO YOU ~W ANT ONE? FINEST
-L stock on the Pacific coast." THE F. W. SPEN-
C J.R CO.. 933 .Market st. '
STEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
O at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPENCER CO.,
933 Market st.
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
A Gerts- and Knabe pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT a CO.. 324 Post st.
(CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
>' small cood* at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
Instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lfcy: violins. $1 35; mandolin*, $3 35; guitars, $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes/banjos, piccolos.
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc. new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St., Spreckels building.
« I9^ FINE CHICK EKING: SCHMITZ, 16
<nrx^ iO. McAllister st., next to Hibernla Bank.
C MUCKERING, KNABK. STKCK.VOSE, BTER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187: pianos
:or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. IB O'Farrell.
YKON MA V, 308 POST ST.— SOHMSB7
Newby A Evans.' Brt«s «nd other pianos.
SI IK I ( VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD_NEW
O H. Ml I.LKI'.. maker, repairer. 2 Latham Dlace.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THI»
-:A. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
-f— alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market.
E-"W. KING, ATTORNEY- AT- LAW. OHRON-
. Icle Dldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
LE. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS;
. R. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates: charges moderate. Offices 608 California st.
rp J. MURRAY. ArT r AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law; advice free. 24 Sixth St.. rooms 14. 15.
\\T W. DAVIDSON,ATTORNEY-Ar-LAW,42O
»t • California st., rooms 14 and 16; advioo free.
EDUCATIONAL.
MRS. MELVILLE SNYDER. 715 POST ST.;
vocal music: piano; elocution . for parlor,
stage, rostrum, bar or pulpit: practical Shakes-
pearean and general dramatic elocution a specialty ;
vocal classes Monday Bp. H. ; $1 per month.
HORTHAND AND TYPEWRITING
school; terms $3 per month. 605 Ellis st.
]V"JGHT!sCHOOL;HEALD'SBUS.COLLKGE:24
■Li Post;commerclal. shorthand, English: low rates
PIANO LESSONS, 50c HOUR. M.R. WATTS,
218 Golden Gate aye.
OOKKEhPLNO BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
XJ ant teaching; % time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
A TTEND STIEHI7s COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
-_ st. The very best individual Instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free. -
OOKKPNG, WKITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR
«lay>t- nl-ht:nocl»sae3:ssmonth. 845 Mission
II ECU 1 'S 10-LETT-K SHORTHAND IS THE
XX latest and best; 100 words per minute guar-
ant'd; 2 mo. (Incld. typewriting), S26. 927 Market.
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 ma MARY WEsTHALS. 39 Fifth.
RIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
es Tues. and Frl. Misses HUDDY, 6a Hyde st.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
•' Ninth st. - ■■-
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILI AN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w.; $3 m. Maze bld.,r.a7.
CPaKISH, FRENCH, HERMAN; MODERATE.
OMelsterschaft School Langunceg, 122 O'Farrell s;
YRES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st. ; individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
DKLASCO'B LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and MkL
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, MB-
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay, eslab. '64. VAN DKR NAILLKN, 723 Mil
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, _4 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, bualnets practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modan
languages rapidly '.aught. Write tor catalogue.
SjEWJLNG MACHINES.
T^OMESTIC SEWING MACHINE. WITH AT-
XJ tachments, $12 50. 2437 Mission St.. nr. 21st.
<»£ UPWARD; RENT $1 50 TO $1 75
Vf)O monthly; repairing 26c; bought and ex-
changed; needles for all machines. 146 Sixth st.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGE
-TV rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
HOTEJi AEBIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Nelson, Great Falls J Shauphnessy, Sacto
J Chiovoni, Sacto a Huckett, A lameaa
E G Reynolds A fm, BCRH Dunn, New York
J X Brown A w. L Ang RE Wise A w, Chicago
RH Mo wry, Chicago . JFHanna, Chicago
C a Humphry. San Jose S J Young, New York
J Gearr, Minnesota s \Y hi taker Aw, Cal
OC Nelson Great Falls W Cunningham, Oaklnd
J O Rook, Los An?e'es R S Corbett, Santa Rosa
R E Widdle, San Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
J P Oberleuffer, Tacoma H Lcfrane, Ban Jose
W C Pay ton, Santa Cruz A S Kleppinger, Chicago
C W Bellage _ w. Los A II W Gorbam&w.Gold H
W D Tobey, Carson .1 B Ppakes, Stockton
Miss Tobey, Canon W H Taylor. Glendale
Mrs Winthrop, England W Carter, Illinois
R X Coicord, Nevada E Carter, Illinois
J T Ritchey. Redlands J G Day Jr. Redlands
X J Imishl, Japan W F Evans, Kansas
J Wright <fe w, Winters R Waples Jr, New York
BALDWIN HOTEL.
S H Kusel, Chicago P. Gibson, N V
Mrs S Mason. Sacto T B Wllmouth, N V
Miss M Gross, San Jose Miss Gross, San Jose
P V Maloney, s, Mat.o A M Innocent, Cal
J Orunewald, Los Ang HE Chapman _w, Tay-
Miss J Thompson, s Jose G A Guiman, Germantn
O Gutbman, Por.land G A Legair, Chicago
H S Hardie, Chicago J W Rooklid^e, St Louis
8 H .McCrea, w <& eh, F Rosul, San Mateo
Chicago J P Kavanaugh, l'ortlnd
F L Keenan, Portland ■»» M Cake, Portland
C A Davis, Portland H Russler.w&md.Berlin
GRAND HOTEL.
F D Clark, Mar-sville T M Brown, Forest Hill
R Ashly, Riverside A L Hull, Chicago
j? Rand, Chicago Mrs Belcher. Colo Sprngs
Miss A Belcher. Colo Spgs Miss D Belcher.Colo spgs
Mrs RnscillA oloSpgs G Johnson, (alistoga
P B Barker, Omaha J W Houston, Cour:land
M Collins. Cal J R Westaffer, Tacoma
F Shaw, Sacto R S Dunn, Petaluma
G Weir, Petaiuma P Howard, Mill Valley
F L Wilson, Cal . N Williams- w.San Jose
H <; Gray. San Jose A N Orr A w.Montague
E Bradley. San Jose Mrsßradley&cn.SanJose
Miss Cody, Omaha A Smith, Stockton
F Josephs, Sacto T B Josephs, Sacio
Mrs Hittcn, Columbia A A spacks, San Diego
X B Wilson, Los Angeles H Blee-'ker, I os Angeles
Miss Gates, Oakland J B Richardson, Suisun
Miss Nellson, Sacto TK>un»y, Boston
it Myers. Healdsburg C R Heath, -^anta Cru_
F L Coon, N V J Bradley, Merced
H Douglas, Nevada C E Smith A w.Vallejo
J H Benham, Los Angs J W Houston, Courtland
F D Clark, Marysville D E Chapman, San Jose
R A LeClair, >acto Mrs Stuart, Fresno
A H Hart. NY A Gallard, KureCa
J Smith, Cal E H Schwartz, Orovllle
RUSS HOUSE.
L M Lincoln, Sacto W A Chamber'ln. Yreka
A M Elem, Milton Mrs N J Burnell, Eureka
Miss X Burnell, Eureka V V Dunlap, i.a Grange
C A Scott. Portland E D Boyle, Virginia
L A Richards, Grayson Miss C Wemy. low*
G Wilton A w, lowa J M Pleasants, Winters
Miss L Pleasants, Wntrs Mrs A Elliott, Winters
T F Chatfleld, San Jose J H Huberty &w, Jacksn
C V Sullivan, Jackson M Williams, Oakland
1) H Turner <_fam, Wash, F M Moorse. Tracy
W L Keyser, Placer • G F Craw. Or
Miss Barnhusel.Agnews E Taylor. Railroad Flat
F W Bogus, Tracy C O Silliman.Watsonville
J Moore A wf, La F Randall, Cal
W W Allen, < rangevale O Ellshard, Santa Rosa
W W .Barns, Hillford H Burke. Hopland
W E Green _ wf, (,'ortld B D Griggs. l'riest
B H Vaney. Bishop C F ( hamberline, Or
Mrs B Brown, Portland B F Hudelson, Oakland
J H .-ullivan. Alameda G S Gould, Irmsd-ll
C J Rowley, Los Anceies J E Keea. Los Angeles
G W Pell A w, Denver H Petray Aw, Llvermore
S Lnngabaugh, Carson D V Mahoney, San Jose
E Simons. Payson . A C Smith, Rand
W Widdington, Los Ang J Packard, Mass
N Pohemas, Texas A J Hartness, N V
J N Johnson, SLObispo
LAIJ&Si. Sulfl'l.^ti IH l'_L OJfi.
Arrived.
SATURDAY. June 20.
Stmr Navarro, Hardwlck, 52 hours frm Ventura;
produce, to Gray A Mitchell.
'■/:"; Sailed.
SATURDAY, June 20.
Btmr Cleone, Miller Crescent City.
Stmr City of Everett, Buckman, Nanaimo.
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 30— snnr Umbria,
from Llverpoo : stmr La Bretagne, from Havre.
Sailed June 20— Stmrs Rotter am and Spaarn-
dam, for Rotterdam; stmr Kaiser Wl helm II for
Naples and Genoa: stmr La Gascogne. for Havre;
stmr H H Meier, for Bremen: Btmr Campania, for
Liverpool: stmr t'a'atia, for Hamburg; stmr
Furnessla, for Glasgow.
HAVRE— Sailed June 20— Stmr La Bourgogne,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— BaiIed June 20— Stmr St
Pail, for New York.
BREMEN— sailed June 20— Stmr Muncben,
for New York.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed June 20-Stmr Fulda.for
New York.
LIZARD— Passed June 20— Stmr La Touraine,
from New York for Havre.
SCILLY ISLAND-Passed Jnne2o-Stmr Paris,
from New York for Southampton.
Importation*.
VENTURA— Per Navarro-904 sits corn, 8 sks
almonds, 56 sks lima beans, 12 ex honey.
ConslTrnen*.
Per Navarro— Erlanger A Galinger; S P Milling
Co: J X Armsby A Co.
" KiItim— HAKMAtiES— DKAim =
(Birth, marriage and death notices sent by matt
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In a'
either of the publication offices and be indorse 1
with the name and residence of persons autUorisaJ
to have the same published:]
BORN.
BALL-Tn this city. June 18, 1896, to the .wife of
C. R. Ball, a daughter.
DARRIN— In this city, June 18, 1896, to the wife
of E. K. Darrln, a daughter.
EISENHL'TH-In this city, to the wife of Frank
Kisenhiith. a son.
KENNK-S— this city, June 18, 1896, to the
wife of Joseph M. Kenney, a daughter.
LUBNER— In this city. June 12, 1896, to the
wife of Frank I.ubner, a daughter, .^vv-v
NEWELL— In this city, June 8, 1896, to the wife
of T. Newell, a son.
PREBLE-In this city. May 30, 1896, to the wife
of Frederick I. Preble, a son. . !
SULLIVAN— In this city, June 6, 1896. to the
wife of D. F. Sullivan, a daughter.
i ■ MAHKIKD.
BOGE— BERTELSEN— In this city June 15,'
1*96, by the Rev. I. L. P. Dietrlchson, : Jesper
A. Bog? and Christine Sophie Bertelsen.
CONLAN— McCANN — In this city, June 14,
1896. at St. Patrick's Church by the Rev. Father
Brennan, Samuel L. Conlan and Ella M. Mc-
Cann, both of San Francisco.
GRAVE— REIER— In Oakland, June 17, 1898,
by the Rev. J. Fuendelin*. Joseph Grave of San
Fraucisco and Bertha Alvina 1 eier of Oakland.
MILLER-ANDLAUKK-In this city. June 19.
1896. by the Key. J. __ Schroeder, Henry Miller
and Josephine C. Andlauer.
PEACEMAKER— BLEDSOE-In this city, June
20. 1.-96. by the K«v. .1. Fuendeling, George
William Peacemaker and Carrie Biedsoe. &
PENDLETON- WIGXE r. — In Alameda, June
16, 1896. by the Rev. W.T. Jordan of the First
Baptist Church, Edward P. Peudleton of Golden
Gate. Berkeley, and Elizabeth & VVigney of
A lamed 1. ■
— - ________ _ _ __
JDIKIJ.
Donohne. John McComb, General John
Exelby, Ellen F. McDonald, Mary M.
Hansen. Elizabeth McHngh, Annie :
Hanlon, Margaret Statute, Henry C.
Hauser. Julia Muller, Clarence O.
Iburg, , William M. Peterson, Neals
Jensen, Anton Reid, Ann
. Kornmayer, Franz ' Sprout. Edward '
Landry, Therence Strickland, George D. -
Spear, George F. ■
DONOHUE— In this city, June 20, 1896, John.
beloved husband of the late Hannah Donohne,
a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
JJSS~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funer-a: TO-MORKOW
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from tne par-
lors of McAvoy * Gallagher. 20 Fifth street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EXELBY-ln this city. June 18, 1896. Ellen F.,
dearly beloved wlfe'of Arthur L. Exelby, and
beloved daughter of Patrick and Margaret Mc-
I Cormick, and sister of John and Ltssie McCor-
! mick. a native of San Francisco, aged 30 years
I aud 7 days. A member of Young Ladies' Insti-
tute No. 20.
«3~Friends and acquaintances are respec-
fnlly Invited to attend t.he funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence, 907 Illinois street. Potrero, thence 10
St. Tere a's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
son!, commencing at 10 o'clock a. St. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Y. L. I.— Young Ladies' Institute, No. 20: You are
hereby notitied to attend the funeral of our late
sister," Mrs. A. L. Exelby, of 907 Illinois street,
Potrero. JIR\ D. J. LUCEY, President.
U. Mkelet, Secretary.
HANSEN- In this city, June 20. 1896, Elizabeth,
relict of the late John Hansen, mother of th«> late
John and Charles Hansen, and beloved aunt of
John McSheffery, a native of County Donegal,
Ireland, aged 63 years.
<3~Friends aud acquaintance* are resiw.-
fnll.v invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. v.. from her late
residence, 116 Welsh street, thence to St. Rose's
Church. Brannan street, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for .he repose of hersonl,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HANLON— In Oakland, June 19, 1896, Margaret,
relict of the late John Hanlon and beloved
mother of Mary. John and Andrew Hanlon,
a native of Ireland, aged 7i years.
JO£S~Frlends and acquaintance* are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 772 Eleventh street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
HAU.SER— In this city, June 18, 1896. Julia,
dearly beloved mother of Christ and Katie Hau-
ser, Mrs. Julia Fr«3-er and Mrs. Annie Emhoff,
a native of Germany, aged 53 years 3 months
and 5 days.
*yFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. v.. from her late resi-
dence, 270 Tehama street, near Fourth, thence to
I. O. O. F. Ceaieter.-.
IBURO-In this city, June 17, 1896. William M.,
beloved husband of Anna E. Iburg, and father ot
Mrs. J. Schimmelpfenuig, William Iburg. Mrs.
A. Sinnatt, Hermann, Henriette, Fre.l, Johnny
and the late Elizabeth Iburg. and brother of Mrs.
Rebefca Garbes, a native of Sudeleda, Ha iover,
Germany, aged 63 years R months ana 2 days.
HP^Fr'.ends and acqualntanc°s ar» r<Mnec*-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock P Jt, from his la'e resi-
dence, 6JB Hermann street, between Fillmore
and Kleiner, thence to 1.0.0. F. Hall, corner |
Seventh and Market streets, where funeral :
services will be held under auspices of California
Lodge No. 1, I. O. O. F. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
JENSEN-In Oakland, June 19, 1896, Anton. ',
dearly beloved husband or Annie C Jensen, and |
loving father of Chris J. and Annie C. Jensen, a !
na Ive of Denmark, aged 54 years 9 months and :
23 days
JSS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late resi- 1
dene», 120 Eddy street. North Oakland. Inter- 1
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
KORNMAYER— In this city, June 19, 1898. |
Franz, beloved husband of Minna, and father of
Lottie, Hattie and Anton Kornmayer, a native
of Wallemels, Bavaria, Germany, aged 50 years
3 months and 9 duvs. A member of Fairmount
Circl- No. 1030, C. F.
JHfFrlends and acquaintances and mem- I
bers of the Schiller Bund are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS uAV
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. v., from his late resi-
dence, 423 Twenty-eijjhth street, between San-
chez and Noe. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
LANDRY— In this city, Jnne 18. 1896. Tberence,
beloved husband of Mary Landry, and father of j
Bit, Daniel J., W Illiam A. and Joseph F. Landry. I
s. .1. ■ native of Louisiana, agedt>6 years and 7 j
months.
UPiTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:46 o'clock a. if., from his late
residence, 718 Fell street, thence to Sacred
Heart Churrh, corner Fillmore and Fell streets, |
where a solemn mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at lOo'clock a.m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Omit
flowers.
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY OF ST. IGNATIUS
1 Church— Yon are requested to attend the funeral
j of our la:e brother sodalist, Therence Landry,
as per above notice. By order,
JAMES K. KKLLY, Prefect.
Charles A. McAri.iFK, Secretary.
I Mrt'OMß- In Temeica! (Oakland). June 18.1896,
i General John McComb. husband of Elizabeth,
and father of John, George S. and Lizzie Mc-
Comb, a native of New York, aged 67 years,
tUT Friends are respertfully Invited to atteni j
the funeral services THIS DAY (Sunday)., at !
2 o'clock p. k., from the Masonic Temple, corner
Post an I Montgomery streets, under the auspices
of California Lodge No. 1. F. and A. M. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MCDONALD— In this city. June 19, 1896, Mary
M., beloved wife of B. L. McDon ild, a native of
Mercer County, Pa. [Mercer and Sharon (Pa.)
papers please copy. 1
tesTFriemU and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the I. O. R. M. are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. M.. from the par-
lors of A. W. Martin dfc Co., 118 Geary street.
McHUGH— In this city, June 20, 1896. at her late
residence, 1 Dehone street, Annie, dearly be-
loved wife of James McHugh and mother of
James M., John J.. Rose A. and Mary E. Me-
Hugh, and sister of Mrs. P. Kelly, Mrs. Smith,
Mrs. 11. I*. Fiigate, the late Mrs. Tully and the
Key. M. Ke ly of Providence, R 1., and cousin
of Mrs. flj-rin of Oakland, a native of Couuty
Longford, Ireland, aged S7 years.
MANSIR— In this city. June 18, 1896, Henry Clay
Mansir, a native of Massachusetts.
*jj~Frleiids and acquaintances are r«sn«<H-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m., to be held under
the auspices of Templar Lodge No. 17 and Ori-
ental Kncampment No. 57, I. O. O. F., from Fra-
ternal Hal!, 1. O. O. F. building.
MULLEK- In this city. June 19, IS9B, Clarence
Cctavius. ('.early be'.oved and only son of Chris-
tian and Lucy Muller, and brother of Mrs. Q. E.
French, Mrs. C. Rosenthal. Mrs. T. A. Figel. Mrs.
W. ft, Lee, Adeline and Grace Muller, a native of
isan Francisco, aged 17 years 5 months and 1
day.
UPS-Funeral services will be neld THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 218 Halght street. Interment
private.
PETERSEN— In the City and County Hospital.
June 19. 1896, Neals Petersen, aged 38 years.
REID— In Temescal. June 19, 1896. Ann. widow
of the late Charles W. Reid, a native of Scotland,
aged 73 years 10 months and 16 days.
a3"Frlenas ana acquaintance ar a re^n">c-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
TO-MOR&OW (Monday), at 2 o'clock p. it., at
the Presbyterian Church, corner of Columbus
aveuue and Cherry street, Temescal. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
SPKOUL— In this city, June 19. 1898. Edward
Sproul, a native of Tyrone, Ireland, aged 66
years.
O"Frien.ls ana acquaintances are resDsev
fu"y invited to attend tho funeral TOMORROW
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Carew * Enelish. 19 Vitn Ness avenue,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated I
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STRICKLAND— In Media, Pa.. Jnne 17, 1896,
George D. Strickland, past assistant engineer,
U. S. Navy, son-in-law of Arpad Haraszthy.
SPEAR— In this city, June 20 1896, George F.,
beloved sou of Dr. T. H. and Margaret J. Spear,
a native of San Francisco, a^ed 21 years and 8
months.
McA V Oi 4 CaLLACHER, I
HJXF.KAL DIRKCTORS & EMBALMKRS,
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
Jas. McMknomky. ' " Chas. McM knomkv.
.lAMKS HeHKKOHEI & SON,
I>'I)KKTAKKKS VXD KM BALMJEUS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh. !
Telephone No. 3M54.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
DNBEBTAKBBS AND KMBALMKIU
FUNERAL DIKECTOKS,
19 Vail Ness aye.. near Market st., Sau Francisco
Telephone So. 156.
MOUNT OLIVET
CEMETERY,
TNCLTJDING NATIVE SONS GOLDEN WEST
X Kni-hts of Pythias, Improved Order lied Men
Ancient Order foresters and other cemetery asso-
ciations, San Muteo County, nearest cemetery to
the city : non-sectarian. 1 n no sknsk kxci usivk-
PERFECT TITLE GUARANTEED: location UnBX-
Please call at ofliee. 997 Market st.. before selects
Ing burial pluce els-übere.
A Lawsuit Three Hundred Years Old.
The little community of Burgsinn, in
the Bavarian district of Lower Franconia,
will shortly be able to celebrate the not
over-enviable tercentenary jubilee of a
j lawsuit. On the 21st of June, 1566, this
community brought suit at ;he imperial
court, then sitting in Speyer, against the
Barons yon Thungen, concerning a mag-
nificent oak and beech forest of nearly 8000
hectares in extent, which may to-day
be estimated worth about 2,000,000 marks,
and which both parties claim as theirown.
It speaks volumes for the indomitable grit
of these peasants, who, despite their pov-
erty, through three long centimes, gener-
ation after generation, managed to put up
among themselvesenoiiKh money to carry
on the suit, and who, in view of a recent
decree, may ultimately consider them-
selves the beati possidentes. A final ses-
sion has been fixed for June 19.— Haris
Register.
KEW 10-DAT.
"^TATEivTENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
' OF THE
AMERICAN
Fire Insurance Company
ft p PH.LADKLPHIA. IN THE STJT" OF
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITA-.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in _ ___ (M)
Cash •• _Z ' —
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Compauy ... '"5.014 31
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 1,101.^4 19
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and __-_,» 65
Bonds owned by Company....... . <»»,»ao do
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities si collateral.. ",200 00
Cash in Company's Office rliSi it
Cash in Banks — • 75,383 '°
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans. °-* VK>
Interest due and accrued on Bonds Q
and Mortgages •••• 21.63& '»
Premiums in due Course of Collec- ,
On 91,010 01
Rents due and accrued .......... l'l%n nn
Ground Rents well secured b,a*v »»
Total assets $2,409,584 53
I.IABI-ITIKS. ~~~"
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $19,556 07
Losses in process of Adjustment or .
in suspense 1 £i*« To
Losses resisted, including expenses. Jo, l-0 i-v
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning one year or less, $957,- _ -„„ ..
219 08, reinsurance 60 per cent. 478,609 04
Gross premiums on Fire Kisks run-
ning more than one year, $890,-
-217 11, reinsurance pro rata.... 374,248 41
Amount reclaimHbie by the injured
on Perpetual Fire Insurance
policies..... 563,632 17
Commissions and Brokerage due and
tobecomeaue 13,742 41
---.---•■"■»■-■■ ' ■
Total liabilities $1,600,466 64
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums. $1,184,164 07
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 69,485 06
Receivtd ior Interest and dividends
on .Bonds, stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 41,077 66
Received for net Perpetual Pre-
miums. 5,192 92
Received from all other sources 8,021 05
Total income. $1,298,840 76
EXPKNDITntES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including 8206.392 31 losses 01
previous years) 5826.672 70
Dividends to trto-kholders 27,600 00
Paid or at owed for Commission or
Brokerage 213,185 64
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . . 103,750 00
Paid for Stale, National and local
taxes 32,093 97
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures 100.993 06
Total expenditures $1,304,195 37
Fire Losses incurred
during the year $790,514 50
RISKS A V]. PEE-
mii-ms. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of
Risks written dur-
ing the year. $114,799,046 $1,460,028 76
Net amount of
Risks expired dur-
ing the year 126,392,100 1,637,226 67
Net amount in
force December
31. 1895 146.568,897 1,847,436 19
THOMAS H. MONTGOMERY, President.
RICHARD MARIS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d day
of January, 1596.
H. F. REARDEN, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
407-? MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
S V_E_].A_
Fire anil Life Insurance Company
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN, ON THE 31ST
day of December, a. D. 1895. and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of th" state of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litital Code, condensed as per blank, famished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL,.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np
iucash $533,333 83
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $742,533 S3
Loans on bond and mortgage 1,999,944 77
Cash market value of all stocks and
do fids owned by company 1,607,348 35
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
• able securities as c011atera1........ 752,553 46
Cash in company's office 3,682 33
Cash in banks 230,666 67
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 69,466 78
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 39,204 64
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine ilsks 148,692 83
Due from other companies 218,363 73
Total assets. $5,802,456 88
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense $93,333 38
Gross premiums on fire risks run- 1
ning one year or le»s, relnsur- '
ance 60 per cent i ..,, ._,, «„
Gross premiums on fire risks run- f •-it*"" •>»
ning more ! than one year, rein- j
surance pro rata j
Liability under life department. . .. 3,818.829 04
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 6,652 80
All other demands against the com-
. pany....... 228,235 41
*jnipi-nn ipiwn i]iiiiiliii__j_l
Total liabilities. $4,568,451 16
INCOME ~
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $1,169,325 19
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans mid from,
all other sources 414,389 65
Received for life insurance pre-
miums.. 559.947 39
Total income. $143,66- 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $583,602 59
Dividends to stockholders. 32,000 00
Paid or allowed tor commission or
brokerage 315,049 64
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. ... 157,556 69
All other payments and expendi-
tures.......... 1.035,982 67
Total expenditures. $2,124,091 49
bisks _ premiums. Fire Risks. ' Premiums.
Net amount of risks
«rit:ei during the $363,521,590 $1,659,334 61
year .... $363,521,590 $1,659,334 61
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year... ' ... 171.H74.582 747,924 61
Net amount in roe ..,..-*
December 31, 1895. 161,354,999t--~42t,400 68
~ T. ED LEVISSON, Vice-President.
M. OLBERS. Secretary. . 1
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this Bth day
of April, lM)t>. '
. OUDM. A KERM.VRK, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN-T.tANCISCO.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON «»tsj v>v
modeled and renovated. . KING WARD* Ctt
European plan. Kooms 60c to *1 60p« day 8J
h_t f __f?_2!? k> " *. 8 *° $3 ° ** mon^lJe- Kh_?
Dot and cold water every room- flra er_t_«i_
•very room; elevator run. aUni__t. g**FOR PROTECTION
AND McKINLEY.
AH Elements Unite in
Starting Off the
Campaign.
ORATORY AND FIRE.
Alameda County Republicans
Listen to Enthusiastic
Speeches.
MANY CLUBS ON PARADE.
Major Keller's Great Effort to Retain
His Position as Piedmont
Roadmaster.
Oaklaxd Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, June 20. \
Oakland was cenuinely enthusiastic to
night. The city is not often so lively and
bright. For once there was harmony in
the Republican ranks. Had anyone pros
pected here this evening he would have
found hatchets in every vacant lot, for
iegions of these were buried by the war
ring elements that peace might prevail for
to the end that one grand shout
might ascend from this R-publican
Bty.
Republicans turned out en masse to
I their appropal of the National
nnnees, and those who are not Republi
cans were on hand to see the fun. As "the
iun" was of a magnetic nature the out
siders felt their spirits rise in harmony
with those who carried torches and
spurted red lire and Roman candles into
the air, and, although they would resent
such a statement, they seemed to be as
enthusiastic as those they watched.
The Presidential campaign opened very
favorably. Old and young Republicans
from every ward marched side by side and
shouted in unison. In the parade were
men who marched in the campaigns of
thirty years ago, and they were as light of
foot and bright of eye as when they car
ried their tirst banner. Young men were
also there who will cast their first vote
this November. Dissatisfied seceders
from other political faiths were also seen
in a Republican procession for the first
time, and there were also others, but not
many, who "follow politics," and whose
faces are as familiar as their political be
liefs are doubtful.
While the parada* wa? passing along
Broadway the whole street looked like one
long line of fire. There seemed to be lit
tle cessation to the letting off of fireworks,
and the redfire wagon was at once the de
light and the awe of the little Repuolicans,
who will vote, if they live, in the next
century.
Grand Marshal Marston Campbell and
his aid. Captain W. R. Thomas, were
mourned on lively steeds. If the Ohio
man who heads the Republican ticket can
grapple witb the great question in as mas
terly a manner as the leaders did their
horses, the dawn of the century will not
witness a repetition of "the times" of 1*96.
Then came the renter of inspiration, the
band. "The Washington Posf'and "March
ing Through Georgia" never seemed
more martial than they did to-night, ana
the effect on the strains was very marked
on the veteran members of the Army and
Navy Republican League. The old soldiers
and sailors smeiled powder in the air, and
felt as young as when they got their first
whiff thirty years aeo.
The State-renowned Republican Alli
ance acted as an escort to the league, and
they carried out their part most gallantly.
The Alliance men carried ponderous vol
canic torches, and when they blew in trie
mouthpiece each firebrand instantly be
came an active Vesuvius, and the old sol
diers and sailors were illuminated nearly
the whole line of march.
The Young Men's Republican Club fol
lowed the Alliance, and the commanding
presence of their president, J. W. Stetson,
was admired wherever a fair face was
garing from a window — and there were
thousands of them. Next came the Sons
of Veterans, who were reminiseeutly inter
esting and made a good appearance
After the Sons of Veterans came the
most prominent feature of the parade. It
was the wagon on which a few demons fed
powder to a regular Hadean lire. Not one
instant did the redlire men ceate their la
bors, and their experience with brimstone
and saltpeter ought to render them proof
against any experience with similar ma
terial in the future.
Among the ward clubs wes the Afro-
American McKiniey Club, organized a
week ago without a name, but pledged to
name itself after the St. Louis choice.
A glance at the ward clubs was interest
ing. Although there are rival Republican
organizations in every ward they all united
on the choice of the party leaders. Al
though the matter of indorsing a pound
master or a politician is valid ground for
rending in twain a ward organization the
banner of "prosperity and protection" is
too popular to quarrel under and for one
night all the hatchets were buried and Re
publicans of Alameda County were in har
mony.
The parade wound up with Keller's
Raneere. Keiler is the "Mayor of Pied
mont" and is one of the most notable men
in his district. Whether for a Fourth of
Jnly celebration or a Fabiola Fete proces
sion or a Republican whoopup, Mayor
Keiler can always be depended upon to
organize a corps of mounted rangers at a
moment's notice. Where they come from
nobody seems to know, but they always
make a good showing and their horses are
generally bedecked with the softest of
green foilage. After the parade they dis
appear and are not ween till they are asked
for again, when they always come up
smiling.
The "Mayor of Piedmont" is in danger
to-niglit. For many years he has been
roadmaster and he ha-> built all the roads
in Piedmont. Now the fiat has gone forth
that he must resign on Monday or Super
visor Johnson of his district will demand
bis scalp. Boch a thing would be a county
calamity, ami if for no other reason than
for his display of loyalty to Republican
ism to-night Koller ought to be installed
B' Mayor of I'iedmont and District Koad
mast«r for life,
"McKINLEY AND HOBART."
Only One War Cry Shouted by the
Big Gathering at the
Tabarnacle.
When Chairman j. p. McEiroy bowed to
♦■he audience there waa not a vacant Beat
An Immense Audience Filled the Tabernacle Last Night When Colonel J. P. 3lcElroy Called the
Republican Meeting to Order. While Cheer Succeeded Cheer the Silent Features of the St.
Louis Nominee for the Head of th-- Republican Ticket Which Huns Over the Chairman's
Table "Were Admired by the Enthusiastic Multitude.
in the Tabernacle. If the proportion of
women in the audience was indicative of
the interest taken by the fair sex in poli
tics then it mitrbt be conceded that woman
suffrage has a strong hoid in Alame Ja
County.
On the platform, among others, were W.
R. Davis, R. W. Church, A. L. Frick, H.
D. Taicott, P. B. Stratton and C. May, and
it may be said every prominent Republi
can in the county. The first speaker on
the programme was the Hon. S. G. Hil
born, wno was not present. The mention
of his name was received with cheers. F.
S. Stratton was presented and said:
"I but repeat Senator Inealls when I
state that 'This is the people's year.' At
no time in oui history since the civil war
has the power of public opinion been so
remarkably exhibited as in the movement
which culminated this week in the nom
ination of William McKinley. The move
ment toward him was a popular move
ment. It came from the masses. It gath
ered strength everywhere and swept away
all obstacles bearing great rivals and local
jealousies before it. His adversaries
united apainst him with admirable tem
per and dexterity. It was even equal in
the strength of its opposition to that
against Blame in 1876 and in 1880. But
there was a great groundswell urging the
nomination of MeKinley and one before
which politicians, combinations and even
statesmen gave way.
"From tlie beginning McKinley was the
Only candidate who was seriously regarded
by the country. Mr. Reed had "high intel
lectual powers, immense force of character
and an impressive personality. Governor
Morton had achieved a rank among lenders
that justified any aspiration, but the voice,
not only of -New England, but even of New
York, was for McKinley. And so it was
that favorite sons in many"States were
swept aside in the demand for this one
nomination.
"The people have been schooled by
means of adversity; they are fatigued by
hard times; they are weary of low wages
and falling prices. The prophecies of Mr.
Cleveland and of the Democratic party
have not brought relief, and as one ol the
St. Louis correspondents wrote, 'The
farmers want the country to sell more corn
and less bonds. 1 The meeting to-night is
truly a ratification meeting, and is a rati
fication of what was done at St. Louis.
What was done at St. Louis was only a
greater ratilication of what had been done
and decided by the Union at large. There
never was a time when party fealty and
party discipline were so lax.
"The Ei.'iis of independence, of careful
consideration, show that the people are
thinking, and that mere empty associa
tions and party ties will no longer bind
the masses. A political speech can no
longer be made by mere reference to the
past. Party names do not mean as much
as they did. The independent voter is
abroad, and the man of individual convic
tions is a force in the land. Platforms
lately have been taken to mean but little,
declarations have been received as of
small weight. Republican platforms usu
ally pointed with pride to the record of
the party and viewed with alarm the acts
and indications of its adversary.
"All this has passed away. The Repub
lican party can no longer stand upon its
record alone. It must succeed, and it will
succeed, upon its promises and hopes for
tne future. The election of McKinley is
assured, not because the nomination was
founded upon impulse, nor the influence
of speech, but because from this time on
until November the American people will
give to the great issues sincere study, calm
consideration and ceaseless reflection.
"There never was a time since the aboli
tion of slavery, when the masses were so
profoundly agitated us now by a sense of
injustice, and ttie unequal distribution of
privileges and burdens, and the people in
stinctively turn for guidance to one man.
The phenomenal popularity of McKinley
must be attributed not only to himself,
but as well to the cause for which he
stands ana the ideas which he repre
sents."
G. W. Reed was the next speaker and
bespoke as follows: "As I look around
this hall and see before me this great out
pouring of the people — this spontaneous
outburst of enthusiasm for our chosen
leaders— l feel that it means something
above and beyond the ordinary course of
events. It means that the people are in
earnest this time, that the Republican
party is to receive the support of the peo
ple, and that Alameda County ifl to again
return to its proper place, the banner Re
publican county of the State. When the
people are in earnest, when they arise in
iheir might, the Nation will always be
safe, and the ritrht leaders will be placed
in power to guard and protect their inter
ests.
"Was there ever in the history of the
great Republican party such a spontaneous
uprising ot the people, such a demand for
a leader as was manifested at the greut
convention which has so wiseiy and so
well performed the duties delegated to
it by tiie people of this Republic? This is
the year of tiie people.
"Major McKinley was nominated by the
people, he was demanded by all classes of
the peopie, and he will be supported by
the patriotic people of this country in such
overwhelming numbers that the Jast four
years of Democratic misrule, mistakes,
blunders and un-American doctrines will
be stamped out of existence so completely
that the coming generations will hardly
know that such things ever existed.
"Why do the people demand the elec
tion of Major McKinley? Because he is
near and dear to every American heart.
Because he is honest and upright in all his
business dealing. Because he was nomi
nated by no clique or faction, but by the
people of this Nation. Because he is an
ideal American. Because his personal
character is sacb as to command the es
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
' teem and respect of every man who loves
j his country. Because be* has been tried in
| many official trusts and never found want
! ing. Because he has a broad-minded, m
i telligent idea of the wants of his fellow
j countrymen and has the courage to en
force what he thinks ia right ana best for
the people. Because his name is synono
nious; with protection, the keynote of the
I Campaign. Because he believes in sound
I money and tnat the National credit should
: never be impaired.
"In the hour of Republican disaster in
i the hails of Concress he stood by and
| fought for its principle with a zeal and
God-given intelligence and force surpassed
jby none and equaled by few. As the chief
i magistrate of a great State he made no
mistakes, and bis robes of office are spot
less as the driven snow. Why should we
; not be proud of such a leader? Why
, should not every patriotic American rally
: to his support and place upon his brow the
| laurel wreath which he has so richly de
served?
"Under bis administration the country
' will again return to prosperity and the la
borer will find employment. American
industries will be fostered and protected,
the credit of the Nation will be preserved,
the vetrram of the Union armies will re
ceive fair treatment, the rights of all
American citizens wiil be protected, the
- American tiag will never be insulted or
I torn down. The old ship of state with
: such a captain, with the dear old flag at
: its masthead, that flag whose stars are the
I coronet of freedom and its stripes .the
scuurges of oppression, will triumphantly
: weather every gale. And protection, re
ciprocity and sound money will place us
, at the head of ail the nations of the earth."
lion. S. G. Hilborn, who entered the
hall while Mr. Reed was speaking, was
then introduced, tie said : "I thanK you
■ for this coatlial reception. I have just
\ come from St. Louis, and the country is
! just alive witn enthusiasm for William
McKinley. Even was this the case in the
. country where opposition might be ex
i pected on account of some things in the
I platform. Many loyal Republicans will
i reject some of the planks in the
platform. But the majority must
. rule. McKinley has i been named
| as our leader, and his name is a synonym
i for protection, the cornerstone of Repub
i licanism. The country has never made a
! mistake in electing a Republican to office.
i Through a mistake a Democrat has come
; time 3 slipped in, but we have always re
: gretted it. Does any one regret having
■ voted for I*. S. Grant or for Abraham
I Lincoln? No one who votes for McKin-
I ley will ever regret that vote."
Judge Abranam Lincoln Prick, who was
i introduced by Colonel AlcElroy, said :
"The demonstration upon the streets and
[ here indicates Republican sentiment is
abroad in Oakland as elsewhere. We now
have the result of four years of Democratic
: rule before us for our approval or rejec
] tion. Coining into power with Abraham
Lincoln, Republicanism saved the Nation
: and restored peace, paid off the National
; debt and gave us reason to boast that we
I were the greatest Nation oti the face of the
I earth. In 1893 the Democracy assumed
control and what have we?
"A depleted treasury, hard times, facto
i ries closed and thousands starving. Bo
' not again deceived. Let not Democrats or
; Populists pull wool over your eye^. We
; have a platform that, when studied intel
i ligently, will commend itself to every man
; who can think. It you believe in protect
ing the policy under which this country
j grew and thrived ; If you Delieve in givingi ng
i justice to the brave soldier and their
i widows who suffer for noble deeds done
that this Nation niicht live; if you desire
a return of prosperity and peace go to the
polls and cast your ballots for that expo
n'-iit of true Americanism, William Mc
, Kiiiley."
Hon. W. R. Davis spoke next. "I am a
Republican," he said, ''because it is the
party of performance ana not promises*.
There has been no party in the history of
j man's government as this great party to
which we belong. It has come of late to
be considered that the silver question is
the most prominent question. It is, but
it is not the dominant question. If we au
thorize the free coinage of silver without
the consent of other nations we profit
nothing. W r hiie it is a clamorous ques
tion, it is not the most dominant.
"We want relief, we want confidence,
and to have this we must have protection.
What is our difficulty? It is, that we
departed in 1892 from a course that has
builded up prosperity. Some of our Demo
cratic and Populistic friends say it is an
injustice to lay out $1.'10,000, OCX) as pen
sions. Can a man oe found who would
like to see other nations take our trade?
Do we want Chinese hordes and illiterate
paupers to flood our country? No. The
uiuy of our Government is not to protect
foreign power-* but to protect American
rights upon American soil."
R. B. Carnenter made a short speech,
and a selection by the band and the glee
club brought the great meetinj; to a close.
BIG REAL ESTATE DEAL.
Improvement of a Central Krick I.lock
for Lodge and Club Rooms.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 20.— The three
story brick block on Fourteenth street,
just oppofite the Free Library, has been
sold to Jacob Levi Sr. of San Francisco
for $40,000. This ia $10,000 more than
an option obtained three years ago by
other parties. The lot is 50^100 feet, while
the structure is only a shell. The pur
chaser is to put $15,(KX) into the building
by excavating a ten-foot basement and
fitting the interior out in elegant style.
The ground floors will be stores, while
above them will be clubrooins and lodge
halls, with all modern conveniences.
Young men or old should not fail 10 read Thomas
Slater's advertisement on page Ba.
SUNDAY BASEBALL
NOT APPROVED.
Grounds of the State Uni
versity Closed to
Athletes.
CHOSE ANOTHER FIELD.
University Police Ready to Turn
Baseballers Off the
Grounds.
DR. BONTE WAXES INDIGNANT.
The Regents' Srcretary Characteriz s
the Proposed Sunday Game as
Monstrous.
BERKELEY, Cal., Juns 20.— Sunday
baseball does not meet with the approval
of the authorities of the istate University
and in consequence a game that was
scheduled to take place to-morrow after
noon on the university campus will be
played at the Whittier school.
Tickets had already been printed for the
contest, reading:
Oakland Clippers vs. Berkeley Stars, IT. C.
: campus, Sunday, June 21. Tickets 10 cents.
: Game at 2 p. m.
This afternoon the university policeman
announced his intention to stop the game.
The officer is John Irvin, who is appointed
university policeman by the Board of Re
pents and special officer by the Board of
Town Trustees of Berkeley.
Dr. J. H. C. Bonte. secretary of the Board
of Regents, this aftarnoon declared that
no auch event would be permitteo on the
university grounds. "Ours is a State
University and as such should not permit
anything that is calculated to offend the
general public," said he.
"It has been the fashion to stop all work
and everything else at the university, and
surely an innovation will not b* made for
the sake of a baseball contest. Years aeo
there were Sunday games of several kinds
on the college grounds, but the Regents
broke them all up, and it is a. long time
since anything of tiie kind has taken place.
"The university grounds are a family
park every Sunday. At this time of the
year they are thronged with visitors, who
enjoy the quietness and tha natural beau
ties of the place, and to allow a baseball
p;'.tne to intrude upon such a scene would
be monstrous.
"Certainly the game will be stopped
if any attempt is made to bring it off.
Such a contest on Sunday on the grounds
of the University of California is unheard
of and will assuredly never occur."
University Policeman Irvin was in
structed this afternoon to use his powers
to put an end to the contest if it should De
begun, and to arrest the principals should
resistance be offered. The managers of
the game, however, decided to change
their plans, and the Oakland Clippers and
Berkeley Stars will cross bats at the
Whittier school.
Athletes for the University.
1 1 E R K K L K Y , CC A l. , J u n e 20. — T h e fam
ous Santa Barbara sprinier. Birch, who is
preparing to enter the State University
next Auuust, has arrived in Berkeley with
his family. Birch has a record of less than
ten seconds in the 100-yard dash, four
watches having given the time made by
him at 9 4-5. He also enters the hurdles.
The sprinter has a younger brother, who
will enter the Berkeley High School, lie
is a valuable man in the high jump, shot
put and mile run.
Knri of the lSerkeley Gym.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 20.— The Berk
eley gymnasium is about to be finally
closed as a result of the assignment of
the principal and manager, Professor
Bates. The school has just completed its
nineteenth year. Most oi the pupils of the
institution will, it is said, enter the new
Peralta University Academy, some of the
teachers of the old Gymnasium havine
already connected themselves with the
new institution.
A Crisis Averted.
BERKELEY. Cal., June 20.— A strike
occurred this t veiling in the office of the
Daily Advocate. The printers and press
men refused to work on this evening's edi
ti' n of the paper, as no money was forth
coming to pay them. Later this evening
the paper wa« finally issued, some of the
printers returning to work and Manager
Marquand assisting them.
To Enlarge a School Building.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 20.— The Board
of Education last night awarded a con
tract to E. J. Squires for the construction
of a two-room addition to the Lorin School.
GREAT FAITH IN
A WOMAN OFFICIAL
President Sarah Shuey Gets
Down to Business at
Once.
TIDAL CANAL PROBLEM.
Two Cities Trusting to Her
Wisdom for Practical
Relief.
T£N -YEAR -OLD GRIEVANCE.
A Large District Depopulated Because
of the Existing Menace to
Health
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 20. f
A task that men have failed to accom
plish will probably be successfull y handled
by a woman. The task 13 the tidal-canal
problem, and the woman Is Dr. Sarah T.
Shuey, who was, last night, elected presi
dent of Oakland's Board of Health.
For many years the tidal canal, which
should be ihe great flusiier for both Oak
land and Alameda, has been a menace to
health. It has been permitted to till with
sewage, and the Government appropria
tions have been spent in deepening the
approaches to the harbor and not to dredg
ing the canal so that each tide would
carry out to sea the deposits of the two
cities^ The canal is now a menace of the
worst kind to the public health, :ind is
daily growing worse.
The people of Oakland declare that Ala
meda has created and is creating the nui
sance, and tbe people across the estuary
make a similar charge against this city.
Considerable diversity of opinion ex
ists as to the best method of remedying
the evil. Similar differences have
existed for many years. and each
year the number of residents in
th<> vicinity of the arm that cement 3 the
two cities has greatly decrease!. It is said
that altogether as many as 500 families
have been driven from the neighborhood
since the exodus commenced. Alamedans
believe that a five-foot trench which would
connect the canal with San Leandro Bay
would flush it, but others differ. Engineer
yon Schmidt of Sun Francisco, who has
investigated the matter, says that a trench
would do little or no good.
The Alameda Health Board, which for
merly maintained that the refuse from tbe
East" Oakland tanneries was washed into
the canal and caused the stench, are now
convinced that it is caused by the Frnit
vale sewer which discharges into the canal.
Experiments have been made with marked
barrels at the uoper end of the canal. The
outgoing tide floats them as far west as
the Government bridge, but the next tide
carries ihem back again. From this it
would seem that the accumulated sewage
for years has settled east of the bridge.
The question of paying (or the trench in
case it should be vug ia another matter to
be decided. Tie Alamedana say the Gov
ernment caused the nuisance and that the
Federal appropriation should be used to
abate it. Oaklanders are opposed to this
and object to tbe money intended for har
bor improvements being used for any
other purpose. Another proposition is
that the nuisance should be abated and
that each city should pay one-half the
cost.
So long as the Boards of Health of both
cities were composed entirely of men there
seemed no prospect of any intelligent
agreement being reached.
Dr. Sarah Shuey's first act as president
of the Oakland Health Board was to ap
point herself, with Drs. Lackey and BecK
with, a committee to meet the Alameda
board and reach some conclusion. They
will meet in a few days and expect to
make a practical report at the next meet
ing.
LADY PRESIDENT.
T)r. Sarah Shuey to Preside Over the
Hoard of Health.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 120.— The mem
bers of the Board of Health chose Dr.
Sarah Shuey as president at their meeting
last evening unanimously. Bho was ap
pointed a year ago by Mayor Davie and
has proven a most active and efficient
member.
The condition of the tidal canal between
East Oakland and Alameda was consid
ered at some length, and it was decided
that it should be tbe subject of a special
joint meeting with tbe Alameda Board of
Health, to be held next Friday evening.
A resolution was passed condemning the
marshes about the city as highly unsani
tary, and requesting the City Council to
condemn them as nuisances and to take
the proper steps to abate them.
DISPUTED PROPERTY
The Ownership of the Kureka Oil
Works Snim-ivlinl Mixed.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 20.— The efforts
of J. J. Hiegins to collect a debt from the
Eureka Oil Works at West Berkeley has
complicated the ownership of the institu
tion until it will take the courts to un
tangle affairs. It was tbe property of
Tiedeman it Cotton, but when Higgins
attached the works to secure a claim of
$2:300 Tiedeman transferred his nail-inter
est to Higg.ns.
Cotton did not like this arrangement,
and Higgins took out a $4000 attachment
against Cotton's interest, but when the
Sheriff attempted to make the levy he
was told that Cotton had transferred his
interest to W. C Cotton. Higgins charges
this transfer was fraudulent and will test
the matter in court.
STONE READY.
A Portion of the Bane of the Sloat
Monument Suitably Inscribed.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 20.— The stone
from Alaineda County for the Sioat monu
ment is now ready and will be forwarded
to Monterey the first of the week. It is a
granite stone 2x2x4 feet from the quarries
at Rocklin, Placer County, and has been
put into proper condition under the per
sonal supervision of Superintendent E. M.
Hall of the Amador Marble Company of
this city.
The taco is highly polished and has
inscribed in large letters the following:
•"March 28. July 7.":
: AIAMEDA County. :
:.v 1853. ... 1896. !
Oil in Contra Costa.
OAKLAND, Cat,., June 20.— E. M. Hoag
land addressed the Board of Trade yester
day at length on the feasibility of "boring
in Contra Costa County for petroleum.
He ciaimed that the best oil in the State
was to be found there, and gave great en
couragement as to the rinding |of an
abundant supply of oil in that belt.
The secretary* was instructed to send to
all the members of the Board of Trade
the announcements of the Exposition,
with a circular letter requesting them t<s
AUCTION SALE FOR CREDITORS.
$25,000 WORTH OF JAPANESE HIGH-ART GOODS !
Placed In my bands by the CREDITORS of the
ORIENTAL ©TRADING • COMPANY.
All to be closed out on the premises,
419 KEARNY STREET, COMMENCING ON MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896,
At 10:30 A. M. and 2 P. M., and Continuing Daily Until All Is Sold.
This is positively the largest stock on the cobs', consisting of Oriental Ococo Rugs, Elegant Screens,
Bronzes, Canton Curios. Old Sitsuma. Kaga, Koclii. Cloisonne, Awata. Bishu. Ivory and Wood Carv-
ings, Ancient and Musical Instruments. Sale positive as store ia runted. .Ladles particularly invited.
CHAS. EASTMAN, AUCTIONEER FOR CREDITORS.
ALIEN COWAN; | ASSIGNEE'S SALE.
Auctioneer— 33o Sutter Street. Advances!
on Consignments. i _-=^^^^ Ix^l^ss-
TO-MOK KO W-MOXI)AY, „ r—-^!tf-*... 5V ,^*
Will sell at 1 1 o'clock on the premises, . j Kockaways, Xn Bg: Ie«, Wagons, Carts,
<»O7 SACtt.OIKNTO ST. | £tc, at 1128 Mission and 1141 Mis-
AVithout^mise^ve^ConKistinK of One j siou st #> , Jet , th and sthf s j.
- Wines, liquors, cigars; one very massive walnut !AT AUCTION, MONDAY, JCXJE 31,
lunch counter; marble- op tubii's: elm rs, French | At ] 1 o'clock a. m., by order of
range, copper boil. -r<. crockery, glassware, etc J. R. KENNKDV Assignee, we will sell
~ ' " THE ENTIRE STOCK OK RIUS, constating of
I! j Tl(lV KMV ■ B Open ami Top -llockaways, 8 Murreys, 8 Phae-
.rlLWUM «AUU  , tons. 2 Village Cars, 10 Top Jingoes, 20 Open
" | Business and Road Buggies, l First-class wagon-
SHERIFF'S WAREHOUSE, | ette. 5 HusinesK Cnrts. 25 Sprint: Wagons of all
ry-t -l Tinvlr-lTi «**•■»•«->«>■#• descriptions. 1 Fine 4*^eate<l Camp Wagon (almost
-»--*• u»i Jim. aireoi, I new), . Laundry Wagons suitable for all delivery
TI'KSK-VV, JUNK 'Hi. i purposes .23 Sets Best Chain and harm Harness,
To close up the business of the late Wesccitt <& | 60 Sets Hnfte Wai;on ami Buggy Harness, 25 Beta
Son I Will sell the unclaimed sood* of the above j Double Driving and Team Harness. Kobes, Blank-
warehouse, iiicludini; 10 Pianos, '20 Elegant Fold- i «!•■. Whips, safe, Office Furniture, etc.
ins Hois and ten thousand dollars' worth ot Fine | Sale noo'tive. .>o reserve or limit whatever. ,
Furniture and o.mr goods. Wait lor this sale. KULUV AN <& DOYLE, Livestock Auctioneers.
See Tuesday's papers^ I. il. HIIUI. Auctioneer. ! • ■ OiUce. 827 sixth' street.
assist in every possible way, and request
ing all who were producers or manufact
urers to make an exhibit.
J. Tyrril, chairman of tbe committee on
Fourth of July celebration, reported that
the committee recommended to pass this
year's celebration, concentrating their
work and attention upon the Exposition.
At the Macdonough.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 20.— 1t is evident
from the interest manifested in the attrac
tion that Nat Goodwin wiil do a good
business both nights in spite of the ab
sence from the city of many first-nighters.
"In Mizzoura" will be presented Monday
evening and a "Gilded Fool" Tuesday.
John Drew will give four performances
at the Mardonough commencing Tuesday.
July 7. His plays will be "Tho Squire of
Dames" and Christopher Jr." Orders for
seats will be received after 9 a. m. next
Thursday.
Boiitlslneii Changed.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 20.— Gavin Dhu
High of the Oaklund Times has given a
new bond in his criminal hbei cases,
George L. Fish and J. B. McChesney with
drawing. The new sureties are his brother,
W. 11. High (>f the Union National Hank,
and Thomas J. Moran, tne capitalist.
Debuting Society Formed.
LORIN, Cal., June 20.— A debating so
ciety was organized in the Lorin school
house last nii.'ht, with about twenty-five
mtmbfrs. Officers were elected as fol
lows: President, Joseph Stephens; vice
president, S. B. Barnes; secretary, Rose
Norton ; treasurer, L. S. Rogers ; sergeant
at-arms, Herbert Stephenson.
AWAKE TO SUFFERING
Mrs. J. A. Folger Donates an
Ambulance to the Fabiola
Hospital.
President Yule Says Its Arrival
Marks an Epoch in Humane
Work.
Oaklanp Office San Francisco Call.)
yOB Broadway, June 20. )"
There is an ambulance in Oakland. This
seems a very commonplace remark, but
had it been uttered two days ago it would
have been an untruth.
Although Oakland has always been con
sidered a philanthropic city, and although
being a railroad terminus the number of
injured people brought is enormous, yet
the clumsy patrol wagon driven at break
neck speed has hitherto been the only
means of conveying suffering humanity to
a hospital. For many years the sickening
sight has been witnessed at the depots of
mutilated men and women groaning with
pain beine transferred from the train to
the patrol wagon.
This, however, is at an end. The fol
lowing letter was received by Mrs. John
<Yule yesterday afternoon :
Wednesday, June 18, 189 G.
Mrs. John Yulr, Prexirititt of Fabioia Hospital
Association—^ear Madam: 1 jflve this ambu
lance to Fabiola HospiiHl hoping that the poor
souls will be carried to the hospital with more
comfort than In the past. 1 hope it may prove
as much of a blessing to those who may re
quire its help as it is to myself who sends it.
Must sincerely, Ellen Folger.
1308 Jackson street, Oakland.
On the same day a handsome ambulance
arrived in the city and was at once driven
out to Fabiola.
The following reply has been sent to the
donor, Mrs. J. A. ifolger:
Mrs. James A. Fo'ger, 1308 Jackson Street, Oak
land— Deak Mrs. Kolger: Your leiter making
known your noble gift of an ambulance to
Kabiola Hospital is before me, and in accept
ing for nnd in the name of the hospital this
splendid Hinbinauce, 1 hog to tender you sin
cere and profound thank*.
As the Roman matron, Fabioln. gave to the
world the tim hospital, tne first home for the
sick, so you have given to the sick of Oakland
their first ambulance.
Your gift murks an epoch in the history of
humane work in our city, and June 18,1890,
will be memorable as the day when for the
first time appeared upon its streete a vehicle
carefully constructed with every safeguard for
comfortably conveying the sick and Injured —
the generous gift of Mrs. James A. Fo'ger.
I congratulate you, dear mariam, that it has
been your privilege to do tins, that for all
time the blcsjed consciousness must ba yours
that you Imve given that which will be to
man}- souls a source of safety ana comfort in
hours of great agony. Sincerely,
Sarah s. B. Yvix,
President Fabiola Hospital Association.
June 18, 1896.
The ambulance is a very handsome
affair, and as it was being driven around
the streets to-day, it created much curi
osity.
HISTORY OF A DAY
AlamiMia County Happening* Told in
i.i iff Chanters.
Tne Masonic Hall Dancing Club will give its
last party of ihe season next Thursday evening
in Masonic Hall.
A plantation social will be given by Phil
Sheridan Circle No. 5, Ladies 01 the G. A. X.,
in Loring Hall Tuesday evening.
Rev. Arthur Clart will lecture at the Mac
donough Theater Thursday evening for the
benefit of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Socinty.
The bond of Frank Brown, chareed with
burglary, has been reduced from $luoO to
$400, wnich he hag put up ana is now at
liberty.
Rev. G. W. Lyons of Haywsrds will preach at
the Presbyterian Church "in Temescal Sabbath
morning and evening, in exchange with the
pastor, Rev. James Curry, D.D.
Mrs. Ina Atwell has been allowed to adopt a
three-year-old girl named May from the West
Oakland Home. The child was left at the
home when an infant by a nurse who declined
to disclose the name of the parents.
The Sunday rally at the Y. M. C. A. at 3:30
p. m. to-morrow will be of unusual interest.
Insteart of the usual meeting for men it will be
a meeting for both men and women, and the
executive committee of the Christian Eu
deavor Society City Union will bare charge.
SHOTS IN THE DARKNESS
Alfred Saxton Has No Idea Who
It Was That Fired a
Pistol at Him.
The C.ty Library Close to the People.
A Chima of Bells That Will
Play "America "
ALAMEDA, Cat.., June 20.— The mys
tery surrounding the attempt to rob Al
fred Saxton, night receiver at the Ala
meda, Oakland and Piedmont Electric
Railway power-house on Webster street,
last night still remains unexplained. Sax
ton, when interviewed oy the police and
others, said his attention was first at
tracted from his accounts by a slight
coughing of some one at tbe receiving
window. There he saw a hand holding a
revolver pointed toward him. He says he
did not see the party who held the
weapon.
He made a dash for his own pistol,
which hung near tne window, but before
he reached it his opponent tired and he
felt the bullet whiz past his head. Saxton
then fired twice through the window where
the assassin stood and turning out the light
rushed to the door and sent another bullet
into the darKness.
The Alameda police were notified at
once and they in turn called up me Oak
land police office, which dispatched two
men to Webster-street bridge. They saw
nothing of a man, and Police Officer
Brown, who was on daty on Webster
street and hurried in the direction of the
power-house, when he heard the shots,
saw no one.
It is only three months ago since over
$300 disappeared between the hours of
2 and five o'clock in the morning. The re
ceiver's services were dispensed with and
Alfred Saxton was placed in charge. Last
night, if robbery were the motive, the re
ceipts would have been confined to the
evening takings.
Chimes for the City Hall.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 20.— When the
City Hall was finished Ben F. Lamborn,
City Clerk, got the idea that to render it
thoroughly complete a chime of bella
should be installed in the hall tower. Ha
worked on the project and got subscrip
tions to the amount of $200. He has now
enlisted in the scheme the sympathies of
the ladies who made the floral fete such a
success a month ago. They are to give an
entertainment and dramatic performance
in the near future for this object.
A. O. Got:, the jeweler on Park street,
has constructed a working model of the
apparatus necessary to control the clap
pers when they strike the bells that shill
ring out "America" twice every day.
Popularizing the Library.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 20.— Librarian
Harbourne is always devising some
method to increase the circulation of the
library, and'his plan of allowing readers
to choose their own books direct from the
shelves has done much to popularize the
institution. The latest scheme which the
board of trustees has indorsed goes into
effect, to-day.
The rule heretofore has been that books
shall only remain out for fourteen days.
In future, he says, a book can be kept for
a second period of fourteen days by the
borrower forwarding a postal card stating
its number; and if a citizen is out in the
country books will be sent to the party by
express, the borrower, of course, paying
the expressage.
Fitzgerald's Henchman.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 20.— William E.
Scully of Webster street hag been re»
warded for his efforts in trying to elect the
Fitzgerald-Daggett delegates in this city
at the beginning of the month by being
appointed painter in the mint. He will
draw $4 a day for his services.
ffitajl
wiflt:
[DouMfoi;-]
' A ■ smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ? ,
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
euch a motto as that.
1516
NO DISTINCTION
MADE IN DOORS.
Rear Entrance of the Labor
Bureau as Good as
the Front.
MR. FITZGERALD SPEAKS
He Says It Is Simply to Facili
tate and Expedite
Business.
MANY MATTERS ARE INVOLVED
The Women Have the Entire Front
Side and the Men a Quiet Street
at the Rear.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald, in reply j
to the charge of undemocratic manage
ment of the Labor Bureau, which was laid
at his door by the Labor Council at their j
meeting on Friday night, accusing him of
compelling the employers to enter at one
side of the building and the employes at
the other, thus expressed himself yester
pay to a Call reporter:
"I really consider this accusation too
insignificant and too silly to answer.
There have been about L' 5,000 laboring peo
pl« who have come to thia office for relief
and over 6000 of these have received posi
tions. This office, I can j-ay with perfect
confidence, has saved to the workingmen
$100 per day in fees alone. The honest
workman who really is in need of work
comes nere and says nothing about the
way he is treated, but too frequently the
workman who worts the workingnian
says much that often is not just. How
ever, laying ail this aside, if I Had my way
I wou id give the people who come here for
relief the Palace Hotel to meet in.
"Insufficient as the headquartets are I
gave them to the workingmen by begging
from door to door. The tampered quarters
bring work and trouble to me and not to
the working-people. There never before
has been a man or woman who has ob
jected or complained about the way that
business is carried on here. The men have
a nice, quiet street in the rear, where they
may come without interference.
"If the Labor Council wishes to condemn
any one let it condemn the State of Cali
fornia for not appropriating a large enough
sum of money for our purpose, not me,
who am only too willing to give the work
ingmen better quarters to come to in
search of work.
"As to the practicability of the mode of
baying the entrance the same for the em
ploye and the employer 1 would say that
it is simply a business arrangement, or in
other words an arrangement to facilitate
and expedite matters. A great many men
object to pushiug through a crowd of men
when seeking help, and this would work
a.- a factor to keep employers away should !
both entrances be the same. This, in fact, i
was the great trouble with our other office
on Sansorne street. lam sure if a popular
vote was cast by the 25,000 workintrmen
who have passed through the doora of
this bureau since it has been established
they would vote almost unanimously to
have things ju tas they are. There is no
distinction whatever made in persons, it
is simply a matter of business.
"So far as the support of the working
people is concerned perhaps they do not
know that not a dollar of State appropria
tions has been received by this office since
last April. I have paid the rents out of
my own pocket.
"There has not been a union in the
State which has not unqualifiedly in
dorsed, under its seal, my methods of
carrying on the business here.
"How would 500 men iook out on Sutter
street every morning awaiting their turn?
I had a hard task in getting the bureau
on this side of Market street even. Then
think of ladies roming here to hire girls
for housework and having to pass through
all these men. They would not come, not
even if every one of the men was dressed
in the height of fashion.
"The State allows me ?r>o? r >o a month for
rent— hardly enough to rent a good-sized |
bsdroom. lam paying $100 a month and
make up the balance from my own pocket
and those of my friends. I do not think
that my work has gone for naught. I be
lieve I hold the confidence of all the labor
ing people yet. It is all I ask of them and
it is all they can give me. It tney have to
come to the back door my deputies have
to work in the back yard among them.
The front of my entire office is devoted to
the women department. It would not be
justice to them to have the men enter in
the same room."
MANIPULATORS OF STOCK
Grave Charges Against the
Directors of a Local
Corporation.
Officials Who Are Said to Have
Voted Themselves Anything
They Desired.
There is a fine row in the directorate of the
American Composition Pipeand Pile Armor
Company. PJ. F. Badgley, J. C. Fitzsim
mons and James M. Kelly have sued A. B.
Hunt, Peter Tautphaus, H. C. Capwelland
L. E. Ashley, directors of the company,
for $92,000, damages sustained by the de
preciation in value of the stock of the com
pany, and pray for a decree of court set
ting aside an assessment of 5 cents per
share levied on the capital stock ol the
cori-panv by the defendants.
The plaintiffs allege that they are the
owners of the majority of the stock of the
company, but that the four defendants
conspired to get control of the stock and
affairs of the corporation, and resorted to
illegal means to secure the desired end.
The by-laws of the company provide
that there must be five directors present
at a meeting to constitute a quorum, but
that in defiance of this rule the defend
ants met and issued an order offerlne for
sale on the public market 20,000 shares of
the capital stock, which were in the treas
ury of the company, and purchased them
through an agent lor 10 cents per share,
when, it is alleeed, $1 per share could have
been obtained from other persons.
The defendants are also charged to have
subsequently held an illegal meeting, at
which, against the wishes of the stock
holders of the corporation and without
their consent and with a fraudulent pur
pose, they changed the rule providing for
a quorum of rive and reduced the number
to three. They caused an assessment
of 5 cents per share to be levied upon the
stock, knowing the plaintiffs could not
■fiord to pay it, and that hence their stock
could be sold as delinquent and bought in
by the defendants.
The day set for the sale of delinquent
stock is June 20, and therefore the
plaintiffs pray that an injunction be issued
restraining the defendants from collecting j
or attempting to collect the assessment
and from selling the stock of plaintiffs as
delinquent stock.
Judge Seawell issued a temporary re
straining order prohibiting the sale of the
stock until the case can be heard.
» ♦ • .
SAYS THE CASE IS WON.
Attorney Tan Durer Announces Thia
Fact Before the San Miguel Defense
Association.
The big Republican demonstration down
town last evening, perhaps, had some ef
fect on the meeting of the San Miguel De
fense Club.
The principal business of the club was
postponed until next Saturday evening.
The meeting was brief, and was adjourned
a half hour after being called to order.
For the benefit of the members present
Secretary Van Duzer, also attorney for the
club in the Noe litigation, briefly re
viewed the main features of the trial so
far as it has progressed. He concluded by
saying: "The case does not arise
even to the dignity of blackmail. All
that is necessary is to see that there is no
default entered against you. Mr. Kos
cialowski told me himself that he ex
pected to be defeated, but that he was
determined to appeal to the Supreme
Court. Tne case is won, and there can be
no chance on this earth for the Noe heirs
to obtain any title on this property."
The matter of appointing delegates to
the charter convention, as requested by
the Merchants' Association, was laid over
until the next meeting. The secretary
announced that the present membership
of the club had increased to 832 members.
From the Orient.
The Pacific Mail steamship City of Rio
Janeiro arrived yesterday from the Orient by
way of Honolulu with the following cabin
pasi-en^ers: Mrs. Milward, G. B. Hunt, V.
Eschke, Pr. K. Rude.l, G. 8. Harris, Dr. P. T.
Bolger, Surgeon Major H. Adey, N. Degoutiu,
St. Luke's Episcopal Church, at the Corner of Van Ness Avenue and Clay Street.
A. Herbert, Mrs. F. Randol, Mrs. Rodbard, I.
8. Patton. D. S. N.; S. H. Edwards, D. R.
Young:, Dr. A. Jackson. C. I. Clark, W. K.
Comrie, B. Warnig and wife, H. C Dart, K. T.
Tanish, F. M. Swanzy.
ITALIANS CLOSE SCHOOL
Dialogues, Plays and Clever
Recitations in Union-Square
Hall.
Graduates Are Rewarded With Prizes
and Their Friends Loudly
Applaud.
An informal reunion was held yester-
day evening in Union-square Hall to cele
brate the graduation of about forty pupils
of the Italian Free School. The large hall
was filled with over 300 children and their
parents ana friends. In the first row sat
the administrative council of the school,
consisting of Dr. J. Pescia, honorary presi
dent; P. Barbieri, G. Tacconi, G. Luisi, L.
Torre, V. W. Monti, A. L. Baccigalupi.
A long and interesting programme was
given by the pupils of the school. The
number which aroused the greatest
amount of enthusiasm was an amusing
farce called "Asturie Giovanili, 1 ' which
the children acted with almost the spirit
and verve of professionals.
The play told how a number of young
people conspired to drive an elderly lady
away from a country village where she
had intended to rusticate with her niece
j for the summer. Angela Ghibaudi, as an
| arrogant washerwoman, bore off a large
portion of the honors, though the follow
ing young ladies all sustained their
■ Italian roles excellently: Emma Gron
] dona, Maria Ferroggiafo, Maria Brusco,
j Mati-Me Gaeliardo, Maria Foppiano, Geno
veffa Foppiano, Caterina Schiaffino, Luisa
Razzetto, Lina Ertola, Ida Bedoni, Ersilia
Landucci, Camelina Va!enziana, Maria
Valenziana.
A dialogue, telling something about the
work of the school, was cleverly sustained
i by Maria Zaro, Emilia Lucchetti, Anna
Macche, Emilia Matiliano, Adelina De
martini, Elvira Denegri, Teodolinda Tac
coni, Emma Bianchi, Matilde Marzo. But
the girls did not bear off all the blushing
honors. Though the boys did not give
comedies or dialogues their recitations,
however, were well delivered, and some of
them were hailed with *uch bursts of ap
-plause the minute they appeared on the
platform that it was evident their reputa
tion as artists had preceded them.
Adolfo Schcnone recited "Giuseppe
Garibaldi"; Vittorio Figoni gave "II vr
sillo d'ltalia"; Enrico Bruseo was ap
plauded fnr "Italia Libera ed Una"; Luigi
Demartini gave "In Casa Xostra," and
Silvio Tacconi recited "Gioie di una
Madre. 7 '
The other recitations were: Pietro
Gaddi, "Alia Patria" ; Natale Soldati, "Le
j tre Fiamme"; Cesare Bossi, "La Bandi
era"; Carlo Torre, ' ; I Bimbi Italian)";
Dismo Denegri, "I Mille"; Rudolfo
Monti, "T/Italia"; Toraei Domenico,
"Silvio Pellico."
One little girl, Elisabetta Pellegrini,
gave a recitation. The pio-Consul, Dr.
Pescia, was presented with a bunch of
; flowers by Giorgio Ferrogjriaro, who also
j read a poem in his honor; Carlo Schiaffino
made a speech of thanks to the friends of
the school, and the exercises ended with
the distribution of a number of handsome
prizes to the graduates and the leaders of
the junior classes.
League of the Cross.
The quarterly rally of St. Peter's Branch of
the League of the Cross will be held at 2:30
o'clock this afternoon in the hall on Florida
Street, between Twenty-fourth and Twenty
fifth. Admission will be tree. A programme
of musical and literary exercises will be ren
dered. A feature of the rally will be the essay
contest, in the secon«l series, for which there
are four contestants. The judges for the oc
casion are Professor Taaffe, Miss Duraind and
MissGilmore.
Runaway Boys.
Chief Crowley received a dispatch yesterday
from Los Angeles to look out for two boys-
Edward Cumminjrs and Reuben Sawyer, each
16 years of age— who hnd run away from homo.
Detective Cody went to the Oakland Mole last
evening and 'arrested them as they left the
tr*in. They were taken to the City Prison and
booked "en route to Los Angeles."
Kalamazoo, Mich., is famous for celery. See
Thomas slater's advertisement on pace S'A.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896
OLD ST. LUKE'S
TO BE TORN DOWN.
Will Be Rebuilt on the Old
Site in English Style
of Solid Stone.
AN EDIFICE OF BEAUTY.
The Congregation Crowds the Old
Church and Demands a
New One.
THE VESTRY IS SLOW TO ACT
One Hundred Thousand Dollars to B?
Expended— Commencement to Be
Made When Vacations End.
St. Luke's congregation is to have a new
church, so the vestry have, decided, and
now the most flourishing congregation in
the whole State will unite in the erection
of an edifice which will be as ornate and
elaborate as any religious institution on
the Pacific Coast. The old church, located
on the corner of Van Ness avenue and
Clay street, has nothing historical about
it whatever. Erected about fifteen years
ago, long before the march of progress had
commenced to develop the Western Addi
tion, it started first as a missionary out
post and had the usual experience of such
churches in a congregation small in num
bers and depending upon a devoted few for
its support. The region in its vicinity
gradually developed and Bt. Luice's grew
and prospered.
At last Key. Mr. Davis was called as its
pastor, and under his ministration the
church rapidly increased in membership.
During his ministry St. Luke's was en
larged and advanced to a leading place in
the diocese. In the liberality of its con
tributions the church always took a lead
ing place. The congregation increased,
and from a low position it became one of
the most powerful and aristocratic in the
State.
Mr. Davis, during his ministry, clam
ored for a new church, but the vestry was
not with him. and finally he resigned and
was succeeded by the present rector, Rev.
W. H. Moreland, who took up the worK
and gathered the forces together until
there is now not a more united, devoted
and altogether congenial parish than St.
Luke's anyweere to be found.
The present rector, though he has never
¥ : . ' ■ ■ • ■ . ■ *
•■> fflii 9^ Every woman knows whatthe OUR GREAT SALE OF i ' QAC . The Celebrated Derby Waist, $150 &
£ none but hlgh-clais fabrlcs-the finest , OUR GREAT SALE OF 90 . qnallty. It is stylish, elegant ana is *
op!. French lawns and softest satiny percales. .• - laundered in a superior manner. Sale price ££»
£ Its standard price is $2 60. Our sale Ignore! ... I l||l|nrnrn IIIIIPTOI only 80c. i
_|. precedent S and we say *1 25 'Nl N F H ll WA S I ' = *
-s LnUIiULIILU llnlulUi jfo -:-f
"£•" C'lt w/ •4- c* »7 e nJT ~~~~~~ ' \1 Duck Blazer Dresses, %^
i ■_ .SHj? 1 ,^!)?^ This is the Greatest Sacrifice Sale I ;pI>;SU - 2
£' Elegant Printed Warp Silk Waists, flow- iHPiJJBI ° WaIStS ever seen in San Francisco. jl(3Ml|i|&' They have wide skirt,, big sleeves and £
-2>7 ered patterns, sleeves, fancy collars and %i%EUg ttA ygi^ff They are all made of the finest Per- VmSiX. \T iiJ^'yrJf r ipple backs. Lots of good patterns and all ""sT
*• cuffs. a perfect $6 BUkwaist for .376. cales, Lawns, Dimities, Bltisteand aizes. only «1.5 a j£
? ; frrWjWr Linen Striprs. Are beautifully laun- ffffwm^Y £L.
*• "'IiWW d ered. Have full Bishop sleeves. HHtMIW 1 ' f
* Black Silk WaistS, ' They are regular $3 5 0, $3 and $2 5 o Duck Dresses, $1.75.
«f •■; c , _ Waists, and at this sale they are i 4>§*
£ 3)0.75. yours for just HALF PRICE. 3
"^r — — " ■ Duck Blazer Jacket Dresses, with box ~K^
t^ — ' -—— — " ; — : ■ 1 fronts, ripp c backs and full " sleeves. Big j3»
T BWhop 8 1ee a ye y 'ancv c^a handcuffs 'all ' ' COC Flne Percale W.lats. i -e r Nothingh.s ever been ! assortment of patterns, all sizes, $1.75. J
4* shea^ P Formerprfce ?fa Now? 3 75? ' ' 4OC Sundered Waists in , 5° C t pointed yokes, big sleeves ! 7 5C offered to metch this .. ', *fr
t I uv< new, pretty styles, I —finely .laundered. A waist Waist for the price. It is ~~ 2
••gfr j laundered to perfection, j that never sold before for less I made iup in fine, soft Per- ; : ' •?&■
... 1 big sleeves, all sixes- -lOr tnan $1 - A monumental sacri- j cales and Lawns— ls elegant- ! ■«
•4^ "* vc : fire. Lots of patterns toeA r |ly finished and laun.7_ r ' r|in-Lr rtpaccac O Op- +«. %T
I Figured Mohair Sepa- — select from - - 5Uc l d — »"- - '5 C \™ c * Dresses, $2.2 5 to £
4ir rntf «? 7c $4.UU.
•^? rate OKirtS, 4>Z./5* ©99.50 imported mixed C.OO KOVELTY cheviot mixture *->
♦•. *$£'£ FANCY CHKVIOT|It.OO «iP±U ALL-WOOL BLAZER DKESSES, I dL
"^ DRESSES, reefer styles, f0r.... ...*lpi.*-' silk lined for dhn.sO ?*
V Black. Fancy Figured Mohair Separate i ' " ■ Extra Heavy Golf Suitings of swell, heavy *^
■4»r Skirts, li-ed all through with rustle lining, ! e^ : ; -' r - v "■'■'' ■ : duck in fancy patterns and plain solid colors' •«►
*; velveteen finish. A wide, perfect hanging . ~wm U r —. Blazer and Reefer styles, all sizes. <♦
IKM,fB7B. f 7^ AH our Tailor-made, I?^\ V
JL. ,/^^^^r^ Fine All-wool Mixed with Blnzer Silk-lined Skirt, "iivVv : 4£*
V r-'^SrMO^^ Vlot  r T SS I )' , wide and lined with rus T
•• if / . s^UUli»«« pearl buttons, box fronts. -. i;.., m , Velveteen z''*?tf I SA\VPi; ; \ C*
1 $12.50 Silk Capes, Now £^|p KSSS-S: U^ ir,£S f^My $8.50 Tan Kersey %
1 $6.00. lf\l nu^ Jackets for $ 5 .00. %
* . M\ ) \II \ AT OUR / i [ \ .+
t They are made of fine-finished velvet, all /n / '- IN PICICE prick fill/ < V "jt
+&■ silk lined and trimmed with jpt or silk. A'lMtt /t\ * *rni\,i, »« < f »\ Heavy Finely Finished All-wool Tan Ker -5^
*f Beauties la every respect and only $B. // LR "L l\ fi\fi IV\ sey Jackets, big sleeves, box fronts pear' 3
I - — ; C£f||!|} ; $15.00. $9.50. ijlMu nsiaregula^;^_ ackec - ou;price I
4 $12.50 Tan Kersey ' — " 4 ;.4*».^r'
•If Jackets for $7.50. Reefer Dresses $8.50. — $3.50 Cloth Capes for . *
1 I ta Blue and Black Serge Reefer Dresses, box fronts. Reefer Dresses $ 1 3.50. $2.00. *
£ .- • --■.-'. -'.-•-: ■•:- t large buttons, all lined Jackets, wide skirts lined Keefer DreSSCS S I UV « 3
■^gr Finest Light Tan 1 Kersey Jackets, box { with stiff rustle, a good 912.50 Dress. Sale price ,/ V.-.., -i^
»'- fronts, big sleeves, large and small pearl , .: All oar $18.00 Fancy Mixed Cheviot ... j-', m_«. _ „ , , £
«£r buttons. The best 9 12 50 jacket ever seen. .  CQ Eft Dresses, swell styles and perfect finish. ©1 Q. 50 All-wool Cloth Capes,, all circle cut, in 44*
t Our price «7 60. ;"; ; ; »P<j.%j\J. Now for «JplO black and all colors, now 92.00. 5
I T^"TT!T .T &, LIBBES, I
I 120 EEARNY STREET ' }
J Largest Exclusive Cloak and Suit House on the Pacific Coast. X
J._ . ' ' Country Orders receive prompt attention. Satisfaction guaranteed all orders. _.£.
concealed hi« sentiments regarding the
advisability of a new church, has Deen
content to let the vestry act, and this body,
consisting of men high in the communit}',
after a careful consideration of the subject
as well as the needs and resources of the
congregation, have now concluded to build
a new church and to commence as soon
after the summer vacation as circum
stances will permit.
Plans ol the new church have not yet
been fully decided upon, but it has been
determined that the new edifice is to be of
stone, with a frontaee of 63 feet and a
depth of 127 feet, taking in the whole area
of the present lot.
Probably the general style of the church
will be early English, with an interior of
ornate design and with a clearstory sup
ported by pillars. It is proposed to ex
pend fully $100,000 on the structure and to
make it in every respect worthy of the
diocese and congregation.
St. Luke's has been the scene of a larger
number of aristocratic weddings during
the present rectorship tnan all the other
Episcopal churches in the City combined.
Rev. Mr. Moreland stated that the need
of a new church for St. Luke's was very
pressing. A new church occupying the
entire lot would afford sittings for s con
gregation much larger than at present.
"Plans have not been fully decided upon
at present," said he, "but the new church
will be worthy of its location and a credit
to the City."
A. N. Drown, senior warden of the
church, said that the vestry of St. Luke's
had long ago decided that a new and larger
cuurch was greatly needed, but had, on
account of the general financial depres
sion, preferred to await better times; but
the necessity of a new church had become
urgent, and consequently the vestry had
concluded that after the summer vacation
the commencement of a new building
should be made.
"St. Luke's ought to have a stately
structure, and the congregation is amply
able to provide one," said Mr. Drown.
"When new Trinity was built it was pro
posed that St. Luke's unite with it in
erecting a tjrand metropolitan structure
for both congregations, but the project
was declined by St. Luke's, and the wis
dom of its course has been amply demon
strated.
"No," remarked Mr. Drown, "we shall
not build a cathedral as the Bishop pro
posed at the last convention, but we shall
have a church that will be no discredit to
the diocese, and one of the most beautiful
of all the churches in Pan Francisco."
RETAIL SHOE CLERKS.
They Organize a Union for Social and
H.n.-licia! Purpose*.
On Friday evening, the employes of the
various shoehouses of this City met in a
body and organized the Retail Shoeclerks'
Association, the objects being of a social
and beneficial character. A great deal of
enthusiasm was manifested over the sixty
names signed to the roll. Following are
the officers elected: President, Frank C.
Kelly; vice-president. J. B. Goodrich; re
cording secretary, J. P. McGeough; finan
cial secretary, F. Hopley; treasurer, J.
P. Griffin.
The following were elected to serve as
directors: Messrs. Ewing, Solomon and
Tuck. A committee, consisting of Messrs.
Smith, Burke, Lynch, Nicholsand Fogarty,
was selected to prepare the constitution
and by-laws.
Some people are always wanting two
twos for a one.
MATTIE OVERMAN
IS BACK AGAIN
She Returned From San
Diego on the Steamer
Santa Rosa.
SHUNNED BY THE LADIES
The Rev. C. 0. Brown Was
Not at the Vessel's Side
to Meet Her.
SHE WAS MUCH DISAPPOINTED
Young Valentine Waited for Her
Half a Block Away From the
Wharf Gates.
Mattie Overman is back in San Fran
cisco. She grew tired of Southern Califor
nia and left San Diego on the steamer
Santa Rosa last Wednesday for this City.
She did her best to conceal her identity
and accordincly had her name entered
on the passenger list as Miss M. Smith.
The captain, purser and chief steward of
the vessel respected her wishes, but the
cabin-boys soon learned her identity and
soon everybody on the Santa Rosa knew
who she was. The male portion of the
passengers sought every opportunity to
get a look at her, but women gave her the
cold shoulder. For two days she was
practically alone and spent the time in
reading and gazing into space and then
suddenly breaking out into low laughter.
This proceeding was followed so persist
ently that many of the passengers and
crew came to the belief that her mind is
somewhat unhinged.
The Santa Rosa reached Broadway
wharf at 5:30 a. m., but, although all the
other passengers were dressed and ready
for shore, Miss Overman did not put in an
appearance. Neither was the Rev. Dr. C.
O. Brown on the wharf to welcome her
back to San Francisco, but the hackmen
and hotel rnnners who know the family
well say that younz Valentine awaited
Matties coming half a block away from
the steamer's docK. They walked in the
direction of Market street and later went
uptown on a McAllister-street car. The
young woman's trunk was labeled Miss
Mattie Overman, but her two valises were
tagged C. O. Brown, and the transfer man
was told to hold all the things until they
were called tor.
Miss Overman was found in stateroom
25. When in answer to a knock the door
was opened, the stewardess put out her
head and said, "Miss Smith is not yet
dressed." Miss Smith probably was not
dressed, but Miss Overman was in full
evidence, with all her clothes on, even to
her gloves. She was plainly dressed in
black and wore a black hat with a white
veil. She ?eemed worn and anxious, and
a few minutes later, in answer to a second
Knock, sue opened the door herself. She
seemed to be expecting some one, and was
bitterly disappointed when she again
found a reporter at the door. "I have
nothing to say to the press," she snapped
and banged the door.
After waiting in her room for nearly an
hour she sent for a transfer man and
handed her lugeage over to him. Then
with all the dignity she could command
she walked down the gangplank.
"Did you enjoy your trip?" was asked,
and after a moment's pause «he answered,
"Not very well. I was too ill at first to
enjoy anything."
"When did you hear from Dr. Brown?"
"Now, see here, sir, I did not come up
here from San Uiego to discuss the Brown
matter. Please mind your own business
and do not ask me any questions about
Dr. Brown." Miss Overman's anger was
roused and the fact that no one was pres
ent to meet her added fuel to the flame.
"When is Mrs. Tunnell coming to San
Francisco?" was next asked, and Miss
Mattie looked more annoyed and turned
her back on the questioner. Other questions
elicited no answer until she was asked,
"Will you take up your residence with the
Browns or will you go to some other
friend's house?" Then she spoke again
and said : "You are simply wasting yout
NEW TO-DAT.
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
PRINTED
DRESS FABRICS!
Our customers are respectfully informed
that we have just received and placed on
sale another large shipment of PRINTED
LACE DIMITIES and PRINTED ORGAN-
DIES, all In the very latest designs and col-
orings,
Price |91p
162 per Yard.
THESE PRINTED FABRICS will be on
exhibition in our show windows, and as this
is our last importation of choice NOVELTY
WASH FABRICS this season, our customers
are urged to take early advantage of this
offering.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
$/d7tntfL4
ill, 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
time. The public is not interested in me
and I have lost all interest in the public.
Oh! if I could only be let alone." Then
she hurried out through the gates and hall
a block away found Valentine Brown wait
ing for her.
Dr. Brown was away from his rooms in
the Brooklyn Hotel nearly all yesterday
morning, but where he spent the hours be
tween 6 and 12 no one knows. He positive
ly refused to be interviewed on the subject
of Miss Overman's return, and there the
matter rests. He will preach to-day in
Golden Gate Hall.
Cleary to Be Reinstated.
Customs Inspector M. J. Cleary, suspended
two weeks ago on account of alleged drunken
ness, will, in all probability, be reinstated next
Tuesday. Cleary was arrested on two charges
oT drunkennf ss and threatening life, but was
discharged because of the failure of the prose
cuting witnesses to appear. Collector Wise has
finally determined that, while the inspector
might have been derelict in his duty, the
charges against him were not of sufficiently
serious character to warrant his dismissal
from the service.
-DHILAOELPHU SHOE Cd
I STAMPED ON A SHOB -- ;t -
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
BLOCKADE SALE,
LOW P KICKS — THAT FENCK . COM*
PELS US TO SKLL CHEAP.
For nearly a year now Spreckels has maintained
his fence at Third and .Market streets, thereby
seriously Interfering with our trade and our busi-
ness has suffered in consequence. In no other city
of the world would ttiat fence be tolerated for that
length of time, but we apparently have no redress
and we are compelled to sell our shoes at ruinous
prices to do business. We have, therefore. In-
augurated a Blockade Sale, and durlnz such sale
we will offer shoes at prices never heard of before
jin this city. . .
Ladies' Kusset . Kid Southern -Ties, with brown-
i cloth tops, pointed toes and tips and hand-turned
I soles, reduced from $2 50 to $1 76; all widths and
\ sizes.
F\ W \i%
Ladies' Genuine Busset Goat Oxfords, with
either I'ointed or Medium Square Tees and Tlpt,
Hand-turned Soles, and guaranteed for wear, re-
duced trom $2 to $1 25; all widths and sizes.
&MmJW \kj 01 OC
j^/VJJ uli&Ui
I
■ Youths' and Boys' Russet Lace Shoes, solid
! wearers and just the thing for summer and vaca-
t ion. They have neat, medium pointed toes and
' tips, and will be sold as follows:
Youths' sizes, 11 to 2 $1 IS
Boys' sizes, 2% to 5y 3 fl 35
1 \ Wi co nn
I\W Sz.OU,
Ladies' Fine Kid. Cloth-top Lace Shoes, in Rus-
, set or Black, with latest style KazorToes and Tips,
I wood fitters and guaranteed to wear; reduced from
fa so to $.'.
Ladies' Kxtra Quality Button Shoes, with Black
( Cloth or Kid Tops and Very Pointed Toes and Tips,
I Pliable Soles, Reversed Button Files. Circular
i Vamps and • Heel Foxincs; reduced during this
I sale to $2: all widths and sizes.
Men's High-cut Bicycle Shoes; reduced from
'; f 2 50 to $2 15.
.Men's Low cut Bicycle Shoes; reduced from
! $2 25 to $1 85. .
Men's Hiitul-sewed Kangaroo, Lace or Congress;
; reduced from 94 to $2 Hs>.
t£g~ Country orders solicited.
43" Send for New Illustrated Catalogue,
Address .-
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
1O Third - Street. • Sun Franolsoo.
BLAIR PARK (OAKLAND),
Grand lialloon Ascension & Parachute Leap
PROFESSOR BOBKKT EARLSXON.
OS SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896, AT 4:30 P. M.
(Billy) GILBERT & GOLOI£ (Walter)
jO-GRIFFITH and HILL,
Oriental Acrobats. jgf
Grand Concert by the Kifthlnfantry Band
From 2 until 5 o'clock r. if.
Take Piedmont Cars. Admission Free! Free!
WEDDING
£? Printed" An noun < enta. Cards, eS!. > Engraved
anddiri^Mn' ? orny<t styleTlow rates. 30 samples
maj£d^?n .I°L cori * ct form - mod*™ weddings,
ttsir&SSP* '"/o 10 c " n * ll > sumps. | BRDtfr;
m * *«»*«*«, 635 Clay BU. San i&acisco, CallTHE CALIFORNIA
BATHING GIRL
b<vnte, old se&jjor jour tbwnwr nearels] V
J biw! sbc 15 wra^d royour l&o> of jo^m! *
Never your summery smile she jareifr]
H^3 She '15 down new TBe'se^jociirfc'bonjel
k M"ie jsearl her jaink }001 presses —
i^^re As.7fcie Jainkoj.tfto (s^r^ercbArm}!
WavG^al ei)joids ber, übai |orlur>e U«5« —
What to— aj sbe:"Sw^ys lolfauild uavwarm}.
tt^y sea ; Jjy our upsf sl)orp golden;
sea«j oj tl)e cast - do lT)ey cl^je and Jrrt^ <
Tl)Gre,uber? nwg\j[ c^q m^ldj embolden , o
More T6^o . fteir s^oddl 5b00n5 to w<?f ? <?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
1718
SHAMUS O'BRIEN
IN CAMBRIDGE AND THE LAST
OPERA NIGHT IN LONDON
LONDON, Eng., June 7.— So much has
been said and written in praise of
"Shamus O'Brien" — the drama, the
music, the inteipretation by the excel
lent company — that echoes of all the ap
plause and enthusiasm have long since
reached San Francisco. Nevertheless it
may be of interest to hear of the effect of
the vivid, picturesque little opera in the
gray old university town, the quiet, the
reserved, the dignified Cambridge.
For the benefit of the few who have not
read of it, it may be well to explain that
"Shamus O'Brien" is a romantic comic
O p era — distinctly more romantic than
comic— in two acts. The story is founded
on the poem byJoseph Sheridan Le Farm.
The composer is Charles Villiers Stanford,
and George H. Jessop has written the book.
The success of the opera has been a great
encouragement to those who have the de-
Fire at heart to fosier national music — and
Dr. Stanford has found his inspiration in
the wild, sweet harmonies so peculiar to
Ireland. Irish ballads and Irish songs are
heard in every drawing-room, and for this
the ideal impersonation of Shamus by
Denis O'Suilivan is not a little responsible.
People are inclined to grow a little hys
terical in speaking of his fine presence, his
beautiful voice and his really remarkable
acting. The story is intensely stirring—
not for an instant does the interest abate.
The period of the play is immediately
after the suppression of the rebellion of
1798. Shamus O'Brien is an outlaw, he
has played an important part in the re
bellion and there is a price on his head.
The scene opens in the poor village
street of Ballyhamis. in the mountains of
Cork. Shamus' cottage occupies t! c left
of the stage. Other cabins, veritable Irish
hovels, are to be seen all along the road
which winds up the mountain and fades
away in the distance. The aspect of the
country is rather forbidding, in spite of
the vivid green of occasional stretches
of grass. The chorus rushes on from both
Bides of the stage; there is a rumor that
the soldiers are after Shamus with dogs.
Through all the confusion of voices the
repeated wail "Ochone, and it's cruel,
cruel, wicked, wicked," is distinctly audi
ble. The appearance of Father O'Flynn,
the parish priest, is the signal for renewed
excitement. He can but confirm the
rumor, and appeals to them to protect
Shamus by enumerating all his virtues:
111 give ye to next Michaelmas to name us
A gossoon so presentable and fatuous,
So loveJ iv all the neighborhood, as Shamus—
Faith, ye wouldn't find his match in twice as lone.
At hur.ing, it's give in he bates the devil;
He'll lep yez either high or on ttie level:
He's the fairest, hardest drinker at a revel,
And an illigant performer at a song.
The chorus then joins in:
If Romulus and Kamns
Had lived along with Sham us
They'd be like two puppy jackals with a lion.
Spake up, now. can you blame us
If the boys of Ballyhamis
Shout '•Faughahallagh, shamus the O'Brien I" eta
(Clear the road!)
The villain of the play is Mike Murphy,
impersonated by Joseph O'Mara, who,
actuated by jealousy and revenge, betrays
iShamus to the English captain who is
searching for him. Kitty OToole, the
Bister of Shamus' wife, overhears the in
terview, manages to delay the captain by
employing all the arts and graces of a vil
lage coquette and warns Shamus of his
danger. The villagers are aroused by the
sign of the "creel," or basket upon the
roof, and when the soldiers finally appear
there is but slight resistance. Shamus, in
the disguise of the "village nateral," in
duces the soldiers to take him as guide
across the bog where Shamus himself is
supposed to be in hiding. After tbe dis
appearance of the soldiers the villagers in
dulge in a revel, the Diper has come and
■plays them a reel, and the dance is carried
on with delightful spirit and enjoyment.
Nora, the wife of Shamus, is unable to
dismiss her fears, and confides to the vil
lage priest the reason of her terrors —
for two nights she has heard the ban
shee wail. The reappearance of Shamus
puts a momentary end to her misgivings,
but her terror is turned to despair when
she hears a third cry, the long and melan
choly wail of the banshee. To Shamus
and Nora it is the knell of doom, and the
act closes with the sudden descent of the
soldiers, who have been assisted to return
by Mike Murphy, and who, In spite of the
resistance of Shamus and the villagers; in
spite of the pleadings and shrill cries of
the women, finally effect the capture.
The second act opens on the court yard
of the barracks, closed by a great iron
gate, showing when it is opened a charm
ing bit of scene painting, the fresh and
vivid Irish landscape, KittieO'Toole, who
has fascinated the English captain, comes
to plead with him to allow her poor sister
Nora to have a last interview with Shamus,
her husband. The scene between the rebel
and his wife is touching in the extreme,
and during the court-martial, when the
terror-stricken woman interrupts the pro
ceedings constantly in order to put in a
good word for her husband, the humor is
perilously close to tears. He is sentenced
to be hanged the following morning before
sunrise, and the curtain falls with the
soldiers beating back the infuriated vil
lagers, and Shamus struggling to reach his
wife, who has fallen forward upon her face
with a cry that is the last rite in a scene
almost too poignant in its dramatic in
tensity. The second scene of this act
opens upon the morning of the execution;
the appearance of tbe villagers raising
their arms in a fire movement and giving
vent to strange, unearthly wails of sor
row, has the impressiveness of a Greek
chorus. Shamns is brought to execution
in a cart, and the procession is stopped in
order to give the wife an opportunity to
say farewell and the village priest an op
portunity to confess the hapless Shamus.
Shamus' bearing is that of a hero, and he
delivers a "last speech" full of defiant
courage — until he suddenly perceives his
wife and child — when his great voice
breaks and he turns his head aside in
order to hide his overwhelming emotions.
Father O'Flynn in a sudden impulse seizes
the moment when he is listening to the
confession to cut the cords and set Shamus
free. The soldiers fire, but Mike Murphy,
who has thrown himself in the way of the
escaping rebel, receives the shots and
Shamus disappears, shouting: "Good-by
to you, captain ! Good-by to your men !
When you next want a guide you'll em
ploy me again!" while the villagers burst
into a repetition of the rousing chorus of
the first act:
Oh, boys, listen to BbMBMb
Sarcb, boys, sarch after Sharaus!
And the curtain falls on the tumultuous
chorus and the wild, involuntary dance,
as the peasants toss up hats and sticks and
seize each other and weep and laugh and
ghout with that irrepressible desire to
find a vent for strong emotion that makes
of Irish men and women a race of impetu
ous children.
A peculiar interest attached itself to the
presentations of the opera in Cambridge.
Dr. Stanford is a Cambridge man, and the
audience to which he was to submit his
work was composed almost entirely of col
legemen, notoriously reserved and critical,
and out of respect to them Dr. Stanford
was to conduct the opera himself.
The whole company went down to Cam
bridge together in a large private car, not.
unlike a Pullman, that is to say the prin
cipals and the composer, the manager, the
librettist, etc. So there was Dr. Stanford
and "Shamus," Mr. Denis O'Suilivan , and
Mrs. Stanford and Mrs. O'Suilivan. Miss
Louise Kirkly Lunn, who is Nora O'Brien
in the play, arrived with Miss Davies, who
makes a sharD, pert and coquettish figure
of the part of Kitty O'Toole. That ragged
and disreputable rascal, Mr. Mike Mur
phy, is hardly recognizable in the irresist
ibly good-humored Mr. Joseph O'Mara;
nor does the big blonde boy, with the fiery
blue eyes and the fresh complexion, sug
gest the old village priest in sober gar
ments and white hair. The "bi™ soldier
man" is introduced as a civilian in the
person of Mr. Stephens; there is Mr. Jes
sop, who will be remembered by members
of the Bohemian and Union clubs in San
Francisco, Mr. Esmond, who is the mana
ger, and the humble scribe.
Dr. Stanford has the head of a musician
'■ J'tl live for my country,
I'll live for my Nora,
I'll live for my gorsoon,
My little Paudeen. v
and a manner somewhat shy and reserved, '
but most unaffectedly cordial. Ha might
have been a kindly tutor taking a set of
unruly children out for a holiday— his
dignity was assumed in order to preserve
order, but underneath it was something
almost like uelißht in the gayety and
good humor of his companions.
The villain and the village priest, the
hero and his mortal enemy, the soldier,
played shuffleboard with pennies in the
most amiable manner or discussed the
new operas and the merits or demerits of
their brother and sister artists with dis
tinguished generosity. The fifty-all miles
from London in the rushing train, through
the green and level country — that is some
times like an admirable setting to an old
fashioned play in its quiet simplicity of
fields and cottages and clustered, round,
well-ordered trees — was all too short, and
very soon the entire company were scat
tering in hungry croups, "seeking what
they might devour."
Such a quaint little town is Cambridge,
with the narrow little River Cam ram
bling all over— the only irresponsible force
' in all Cambridge. I use the word "quaint,"
but it is too trivial to describe anything
but the old houses, the curious corners,
the arches of old doorways. The colleges
are impressive not only through their
associations, and the old churches add a
touch of ancient severity almost like the
somber dignity of a cathedral town.
What a place in which to pass the most
impressionable years of a life! To be a
| King's College man; to have grown fa-
I miliar with every detail of that magnificent
J building; to pass at will into that wonder-
I ful chapel, the finest example of perpen
dicular Gothic in England! The roof is
unsupported by pillars and contains
twelve divisions of exquisite lacework
tracery in stone. To listen to beautiful
music in the rich light from the twenty
four stained-glass windows, and then to
issue forth into those silent quadrangles;
to see the preat fields between the arches
that are overshadowed by tall elms, and
everywhere ivy and wisteria waved over
the blackened stone.
We wandered into Christ's College,
proud of its memories of Milton, with the
far-famed mulberry tree in the gardens,
j and the fine quadrangle rebuilt by Inigo
Jones; into Trinity, with its three quad
rangles around and closing in the noble
gardens, like parks. King Harry the
Eighth did more than marry numerous
wives— he founded Trinity.
It was nearly 2 and we hurried to the
new opera-house, the only really modern
building in Cambridge, ovtr the old
market place, passing the old village inns
with their little squares of latticed win
dows and their curious signs swinging on
iron arms.
A crowd surrounded the theater, and it
was with some difficulty that we pushed
to the door. A stem guardian of the
peace, magnificently stalwart and stern as
a Roman, barred the way. Mr. O'Suili- J
van suggested mildly that as he was the I
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
hero of the play perhaps it might be well
to let him pass; he wished to speak to
Mr. Esmond. The dignity of his office
was maintained, however, by the guard
ian, who remarked coldly that there was
no free list and that his "horders are that
no one shall pass."
Mr. Esmond, the manager, now ap
peared behind us, and for a moment it
seemed unlikely that even he would be
allowed to enter the theater he had hired.
English officials have a stern conception
of their duty.
The scene within the theater was one
most generally likely to warm the man
agerial heart. Row above row the people
sat, a mass of black coats and white shirt
fronts, with the vivid dots here and there
of scarlet and blue and green in the hats
and dresses of the women.
When Dr. Stanford appeared there was a
shout of welcome Bnd then the breathless
silence of the deepest attention. The
transition was very sudden between this
quiet old English town, with the sober
people in the streets and the rough little
Irish village clinging to the mountain
side, the passionate intensity of the play,
the swift rush of emotion, the painful cli
max and the last shout of joy in the final
surprise of the liberation of the hero.
The applause after the first numbers was
restrained with characteristic reserve, but
as the hearers warmed to the action of the
play, the freshness of the young voices —
which has been generally and warmly
commented upon — and to the mild beauty
of the music the enthusiasm grew until at
last it burst into a loud applause and recalls
and shouts for Shamus and Nora, hisses
for Mike Murphy and call after call for
Dr. Stanford. Mr. O'Mara plays the try
ine part ot the villain with such remarK
able force, that although his numbers are
musically the most popular in the opera,
he is greeted upon every act with a storm
of hisses; a rather thorny wreath of ap
plause to assume nightly, however flatter
ing to his powerful acting.
During the last scene of the second act
there was an involuntary acrobatic per
formance. The pony who dragged in the
cart for the execution was a most unwill
ing steed. The unhappy hero, with his
hands bound behind him, exhibited re
markable nerve, even when the pony stood
up on its hind legs, butted at the soldiers
and made every possible effort to overturn
the cart and to pitc the cero headfore
most upon the brass instruments of the
orchestra. It was a trying moment and
not a little relief to the strained nerves of
the audience when the little brute was
finally brought to stand upon his four legs
and the interrupted defiant "last speech"
could be brought to its touching close.
The general verdict of the younger men
was that it was a "jolly good opera"; the
women remarked tearfully that it was
"too awfully sad," and even the graver
and older men could not say enough in
praise of the music, the orchestration or
the singing. The day was finished in the
train. The company, tired and hungry,
but triumphant, were regaled with an ex
cellent dinner. The golden sunset and
the golden wines received impartial atten
tion. The villain ana the banshee wail
clinked glasses in harmony, and gayety
and good humor were the order of the day
at tbe end, as they had been at the begin
ning.
The last performance in London was
given on Saturday, May 23, before an audi
ence as large and as enthusiastic as on the
first night. The play appears to appeal
direct^ to the emotions of the people.
When the English captain demanded of
an imaginary listener what lie was to do —
if he allowed Shamus to escape he would
sacrifice Mb sword, if he did not he would
sacrifice Kitty — one deeply interested spec
tator shouted, "Marry her! marry her!"
and hopelessly upset the gravity of the sit
uation. When Mike Murphy offered to
free Shamus, to refuse to give evidence
against him, if his colleen, Nora, would
but go with him next morning to Amer
ica, an infuriated voice from the pit
groaned, "Ye d villain!"
Never were an audience and a company
of "play actors" so entirely at one — the
chorus was in irrepressible spirits and the
dance wns something to witness. The
real Irish piper piped as though he were
on his native heath, and the suiden shouts
and the toss'ng of arms, the swaying of
the swift figures, made a dance of almost
reckless color and animation.
Every number was recalled, every noble
sentiment of the hero : his courage, his
dare-devil defiance, his gay deception of
the soldiers, were applauded to the roof,
and after the first act, when great bunches
of Mowers were lifted over the heads of the
orchestra, the house rang. Even Mike
Murphy, for once, had the usual hisses
drowned in applause.
Van Dyck Brown.
HOW IT FEELS TO
BE A LADY BURGLAR.
Some of the Tribulations of an
Unpleasant Calling.
The Horrible Uncertainty in Search
ing tbe Pockets of a Man
Who Is Married.
"Yes," said the lady burglar, as she ran
a dainty gold-tipped jimmy through her
back hair and toyed idly with a dark lan
tern, "it was somewhat of an innovation,
1 confess, and I rather pride myself that I
am the first real lady who has ever made a
serious study of the science of burglary.
Other ladies have tried it, but it was a
mere fleeting fad, like roller-skating and
hoopskirts. They never took up the call
ing in earnest, and I believe I am correct
in my assertion that I am positively the
only lady who has adopted the profession
as a means of livelihood.
"How did I happen to enter it? No,
don't say what was the first misstep. That
is mere sentimental gush. There was
no misstep. I took up burglary deliber
ately, and, if I may say it, with malice
aforethought. All the legitimate profes
sions were overcrowded, and I was lar too
proud to ever think of becoming a house
maid or a waitress in one of those quick
and dirty lunch places. And there was no
money in typewriting.
"Once"— and the lady burglar laughed
a merry, reminiscent laugh — "I remember
entering a gentleman's house by way of
the second story window — he was a per
sonal friend of mine.
"Oh, no; I never let such trifles stand in
the way of business; in fact, if lam not
much mistaken, he was an old sweetheart
or something on that order. Well, I was
just gazing in the glass to see if my hat
was on straight preparatory to going
through his jeans and what other articles
of furniture he had, when he awoke with
a violent, 10, 20 and 30 per cent popular
price start.
"'My Gawd, Mag, is it you?' he ejacu
lated in a low, Fad voice, 'what are you do
ing here at such an hour. Think of what
the neighbors will say !'
" 'I am here to rob,' I replied, in a hard
boiled Barbary Coast voice. He seemed
surprised, but contained himself with re
markable self-possession. 'If you will
promise to go home and shed those bloom
ers forever you can have anything I have
got,' and he gave me the key to his wife's
bureau drawer on the spot.
"Yes. I have found that, as a rule, men
are gallant. I always make it a point to
disturb them as little as possible, bat
whenever I do arouse them they receive
me in a courteous and kindly manner. I
recall an instance of my early days, when
I was little better than a second-story
novice. I had entered a bachelor's apart
ment and was hastily separating the wheat
from his unpaid bills, when he unexpect
edly opened his eyes and gazed long and
earnestly at me.
"'Do you find anything that striken
your fancy?' he asked in a gentlemanly
way.
" 'Nothing,' l replied. 'that will enable
me to live in ease and luxury.'
"'Well,' he answered, 'in that lower
drawer you will find a pair of pink-^ilk
pajamas. If you will oe so good as to take
them, I think you can use them when
your bloomers have gone into dryoock. 1
"Oh, no; I wa3 not offended. We lady
burglars have to put up with a great deal of
risque remarks and besides the pajamas, I
found, made excellent shirt waists for the
seaside.
"Would I recommend other young
women to follow ir. my footßteps? No, not
unless they were willing to put up with ail
manner of unconventional things. Some
times I almost envy Billie Fly, little Davy
Dare Devil and those other ladies who
hang by their toes from eighteen-story
buildings at $7 a column.
"It is a great deal more genteel than to go
through a pair of gentleman's trousers
with the horrid dread in your heart that
his wife has already been through them."
Saved in a Neck.
A s tbe lithe fingers of the assassin closed
about his thrna; the manacled hero felt
his brain turn siefc. He struggled vainly
for breath. To die at the hands of a com
mon strangler! It was horrible!
He felt his senses fast leaving him. He
thought of horne — of a loved one whose
heart would break when the news reached
her.
A lump came into his throat
The strangler felt it swelling beneath his
clutch, and redoubled his efforts. In vain.
The lump grew larger.
With a yell of baffled rage and fury he
sprang to his feet and fled. The hero was
saved.
At the Concert.
She— What charming teeth Mrs. Highsae
has!
He— You flatter me, madam.
She— Oh, pardon, you are her husband?
He— Oh, no, only her dentist. — Judy.
The Last Word.
Vinegar — If you don't quit calling me
names I'll tell my mother !
Champagne — That's all right. Yon
haven't got any pop!
Hot Weather at the Zoo.
The elepnant opened his trunk in a close
And got out his light-weight underclothes.
The yak perspired himself quite thin,
Tbe boa-constrictor shed his skin.
The monkey hoarsely called for a ball,
Ani used the skin for a parasol.
The polar bear swallowed a cake of Ice,
And remarked, -Oh, my! that curry is nice:"
MY ANCIENT MARINER
I halted and queried this son of the sea
(A son of a gun he seemed most to me);
I told him his numbers were breezy and free-
Too breezy and free for even the sea.
I observed that his ditty
Was misleading — a pity,
For the sailor man now is the pink
Of undoubted sobriety,
And 'twas rankest impiety
To assume that his soul is a-drink—
Yo, ho— yo, ho!
Or his body is tainted with drink.
I took this old shellback clear down through a course
Of sprouts, and bore on him with logical force.
I told him "slumgullion," "slop bullion," "salt horse"
Or rum or "tobaccy" were terms rather coarse.
I inferred that abstaining
Was not in his training,
And his morals I judged were awry;
I grew quite sarcastic
And was saying things drastic
When he said my "jaw" made him durn dry —
Yo, ho— yo, ho!
Yes, it made him uncommonly dry.
He said he'd contracted a sort of disease;
He thought it must be that the wet of the seas
Had soaked deeply into his lungs and his knees-
He seemed to enjoy it— this man of disease.
The doctor had said liquor
Would help him the quicker,
And whenever he had a bad spell
The thought of the water
Would make his legs totter,
And he felt even now quite unwell —
Yo, ho— yo, ho!
He was sure he was feeling unwell.
Then he came to an anchor down by my side,
And his troubles were such as seldom betide
The sailor, he said— and I knew that he lied,
This sodden marine fast moored by my side;
As he wandered away in a dismal key
I heard the low moan of a death-haunted sea,
And he kept his Svengalic sidelights on me
And his siren-like song in its dismal key.
l filled up this fellow with buckets of gin,
Some whisky, some brandy, some wine I poured in;
Some ale and some porter to loosen his skin,
And likewise some lager to mix with the gin.
He said then with sighing,
With sobbing and crying,
That his life was a sad martyrdom;
He'd feel 'twas worth living
If he could be giving
Himself daily swims in blue rum—
Yo, ho— yo, ho!
Daily plunges in blooming blue rum.
Evils of Civilization.
"It is true," answered the savage, "that
civilization has taught us many sins of
which we previously knew nothing. Rum ?
Oh, yes. And then there are many of our
people who say done for did."— Detroit
Tribune.
His Versatility.
Tourist (in Oklahoma)— l should not
think that piano-tuning would be a very
lucrative occupation in this, region — pianos
are not very plentiful here, are they?
Piano-tuner— Well, no; but I make a
pretty fair income by tightening up
barb-wire fences on the side.— Puck.
lime Flies All Too Quickly When Love Talks-and Works.
BHe was old and worn and wrinkled and
gray.
BAs he lurched along the shore of the
bay
BHe sang in a pitchy, nautical way
| A roundelay— this mariner gray:
"Away wi' slumgullion,
Salt horse and slop bullion,
An' away wi' the duff they call plum;
What more wants the Jacky
Than hunks of tobaccy
An' 'is belly awash wi' blue rum —
Yo, ho — yo, ho!
Awash wi' the bloornin' blue rum."
And from the deep waitings
Regarding his ailings
I gathered this seafarer had
More woes in a minute —
Even Job wasn't in it
With him — and he made my soul sad —
Yo, ho — yo, ho!
Oh, his pathos and lies made me sad.
The sunlight went fading
And in a weird shading
I saw only his blear eyeballs gleam;
A place most unhallowed
He sailed for— l followed,
For my senses were walking a-dream —
Yo, ho— yo, ho!
He had set all my senses a-dream.
Reefer — Jones looks awfully down in the
mouth. What's the matter with him ?
Banks — Well, the other evening he was
doing the sweet to his wife, don't you
know, petting her, and all that, and he
absentmindedly called her Kitty.
Reefer— Well, what of that?
Banks— Her name's Eva.— Weekly Tele
graph.
Is There Any Design in Posters ?
Tommy— Paw, what is a designing vil
lain?
Mr. Figg— Oh, the description would ap
ply to one of these poster artists about as
well as anything. — Indianapolis Journal.
TOM GREGORY.
A Bad Break.
THE BACK NUMBER
OF MARIPOSA COUNTY.
Has Lived in the Mountains for
Forty Years.
Never Siw a Telephone, a Bicycle or
an Electric Light, and Does Not
Believe in Them.
Far back in the mountains of Mariposa
County lives an old man who in many
ways is a curiosity. He is an honest old
soul, but he doesn't believe anything he
never saw, and .he has seen very little for
the past twenty years except the everlast
ing mountains that loom up on all sides of
his cabin. He is an Irishman by birth,
Michael Dugan by name ana a miner by
profession. He has lived forty years
among the mountains of Mariposa County,
and never was absent except for eighteen
months, and then he was in Nevada, and
of course saw but little of the outside
world.
That event took place back in the six
ties. He had heard that a war was in
progress, and having a strong desire to do
some fighting somewhere, he volunteered
in the Union army. He thought he would
be sent East to lambaste rebels on the
Shenandoah and Ra^pahaunock. t>ut in
stead of that he was packed ofi to Nevada
to tussle with the bloody red men of the
desert. Nevertheless there was plenty of
lighting to be done, and that was all he
wanted, and he followed the quartermas
ter's wagon with unrlae^ing persistency
for eighteen months. 15/ that time the
red men of the wilderness had joined tneir
fathers in the spirit land, and the Mari
posa County Ir sbman V«B sent home.
He crossed the Sierras and CUM down
into the familiar scenes of Marposa, and
from that day to this he has not been out
side of the county. Ho never saw a tele
phone nor a hammerless sh >ijnin, nor an
electric light, nor a bicycle, and he does
not believe such things exist. Bfl has a
vague idea that something in the shape of
a bammerless shotgun may exist, but he
is decidedly skeptical. As for a tele
phone, he does not believe it at all.
After his return from tbe far off land of
Nevada, he kept up his righting habits
until every man's hand in t.ia: neck
of creation was against him. He finally
got enough of it and moved off to him
self. When visited a few days ago he
gave as his reason for turning his back
upon humanity that he had been im
posed upon. "One bloothy scullion,"
said he, "come into meown house and
broke meown j awn with meown ax, and £
would not sthand thot insult."
He has a placer mine and pans out
enough gold to buy bacon and beans, and
so he lives from year to year.
HE ATE TOO MUCH
OF THE DEAD COW.
A Monster Vulture That Was
Too Full to Fly.
Captured in the Hills South of Chino.
A Bird Bigger Than a
Man.
A bird of prey as tall as a man! Such
is the prize captured by the superintend
ent of Richard Gird's ranch in the hills
south of Chino, San Bernardino County.
The prisoner is a magnificent specimen of
the California vulture, without doubt the
largest ever taken captive. From the
crown of his ferocious-looking, red-wattled
head to its strong, scaly talons, it meas
ures six feet. Its plucky captor is an inch
or two shorter in his cowhide boots. The
man has the advantage in weight, for
the bird weighs 100 pounds. Sull that
is a fair righting weight to carry through
the rarefied air. In order to accomplish
this feat the vulture is providea with
wings that have a spread of twelve feet.
The local ornithologists who have seen the
bird say that it is merely a youngster, says
the San Luis Obispo Breeze.
Allured by the palatable flavor of a dead
cow recently the bird devoured nearly
every particle of fle.«h from its bones, which
so oppressed him that, however vigorously
he flapped his wings, he was unable to soar
away to his eyrie among the distant moun
tain fastnesses. In this humiliating pre
dicament he was lassoed and drageed, rlut
terine ponderously but helplessly, to Mr.
Gird's stable.
Rattlesnakes in
General and One Narrative
in Particular.
Written by C. M. Fitzgerald.
The writer— manager Cuba Water and Min
ing Company, Georgetown, El Dorado County —
has lived for many years in El Dorado County,
in some portions of which rattlesnakes are
quite numerous, and has observed that this
species of snake is seldom found in regions
wholly covered with timber, but loves to bask
in the warm sunshine on rocky hillsides,
where the numerous crevices among the rocks
afford it a secure retreat when danger threat
ens, and where the heat from the sun's rays,
absorbed by the rocks during the day, is given
off during the night by radiation, thus insur
ing a more equable temperature than prevails
In places shaded during the day by heavy
timber.
It is the experience and observation of the
writer that the danger from rattlesnakes, the
only poisonous snake known in this country,
is greatly exaggerated. This snake seldom if
ever attacks a human being except when
trodden upon or when it is itself attacked, but
will invariably retreat if given an opportunity
to do so.
After a residence of nearly twenty years at
an altitude of 2750 feet in the Sierras ana fol
lowing a business requiring him to traverse
many parts of this section every year up to an
altitude of over 6000 feet, and having had
every year more or less men under his charge
in the survey of new and the repair and main*
tenance oi old ditches extending over a sec
tion of country ninety miles in extent, mostly
wild and uninhabited, he only knows of one
human being having been bitten Dy a rattle
snake in that time. That person was a China
man, who was bitten in the arm and who had
no medical attention other than that from a
Chinese doctor, to whom he was conveyed
many hours after the occurrence. Yet he re.
covered in time, though the arm remained in
a shriveled condition forever after.
Up to Date.
The Eastern potentate clipped his
hands. "Ho, guards!" he cried, "call out
my corps of Ethiopian light infantry and
behead them instantly!"
His glance bespoke his fiery resolution.
"Never shall it be said that we lag be
hind the Western civilizations!"
He mused reflectively.
"How fortunate that I saw that New
Jersey newspaper stating that the black
burying season was on !"
There may be two sides to every ques
tion, but not two right sides.SUPREME COURT
TO BE ROUSED LIKE
ROMAN TRIBUNES
Roman tribune nor Athenian prsetor never sat in temple
of justice more simply grand, more severely imposing and ma
than will the Justices of the Supreme Court of California
when they are finally housed in their magnificent new quarters
on the seventh floor of the Emporium building.
These quarters are being rapidly put into shape for occu
pancy, and within a fortnight or so it is expected that the Su
preme Court will remove. A mere glance at the interior of these
new quarters is sufficient to impress one with their classical
beauty and brings to mind the old pictures of the Roman tem
ples where the tribunes sat as magistrates in the Temple of
Diana and Ceres to interpret the law for plebeians, or in the
Temple of Saturn, where justice was read out to patricians.
With the Romans— stern disciplinarians that they were — the
law was something sacred, to be revered, rather than evaded, as
ia too often the case in modern times.
As they revered their laws so they thought to dignify
them by establishing t.ieir courts in a style of simple magni
ficence calculated to impress all with their grandeur and
dignity.
The tribune was usually set up in the forum during the
weather that permitted the transaction of business out of doors.
Here, where the multitudes gathered to discuss the affairs of
the day and transact their business, the tribune was ever pres
ent ready to interpret the law and settle disputes among the
citizens. The tribune's court was simplicity itself— and his de
cisions were never questioned by those who sought his learned
advice. '
During inclement weather the tribune held his simple court
in -the basilica, where the crowds repaired for shelter to talk
over matters that interested them most. Here, in the lofty
halls where rows of towering, classic columns divided the space
and supported the roof, space was always found for the tribune
where, when members of the multitude, swaying to and fro, fell j
into disputes over business transactions, they could repair at j
once before the judge and seeK a decision. From a side of the
basilica, separated from the main assembly space by columns,
a semi-circular projection was built, and from this the tribune
dispensed justice.
The court was severely classic in its ornamentation, the col
umns of marble showing only carved capitals, while the frieze,
thou-.-h of handsome design, was not elaborate.
With the Supreme Court of California this idea of severe
simplicity has been carried out to some extent, and in many
respects the Roman style of architecture has been followed, par
ticularly in the chambers of the greatest importance — where the
court sits in bank. It is noteworthy that the Emporium, a
building corresponding as nearly to the basilica as do any of the
modern structures, was chosen as an abiding place for the court.
The out-of-door effect of the Roman summer tribunal is
entirely lacking in that of the Golden State, but the rooms
where the court sits in bank, has many of the appurtenances of
the court in the basilica. The great Emporium building, like
all modern structures of the kind, is constructed with low ceil
ings, and the floor occupied by the court is no exception to the
rule, the hallways being far from imposing, except in the classic
ornamentation.
As an offset for the openness of the courts the highest legal
resort of tho Stale is to be domiciled in quarters that in some re
spects resemble the famous catacombs or a labyrinth, and the
very architecture gives the surroundings an air of secrecy and
mystery that is truly imposing.
Entering from tfae east stairway or from the elevator on that
end of the floor the apartments where justice is dispensed in
As the Gor\d\jctor Sees It.
" She Climbed Off Backward."
Josiah Allen's wife says we will find i
that almost everything has two different !
sides if we only take the trouble to walk
around to the back and view it." During
the recent streetcar wrangle I took occa
sion to walk around to the back.
Asa matter of course I object to Mr.
Vining and the "octopus." That is in
the air of San Francisco. We accept them I
with the same pathetic patience we give j
to the bad paving and the turning off of j
lights. We have been educated not to
expect to have a thing just because we pay
for it.
A reader of papers, I was ready to take
my little check to the transfer-man, tell
him where I was going, wnat I meant to j
do when I got there and mention the hour j
of my return. I was also prepared to tell, !
if necessary, my age and occupation, or j
explain at length why I preferred skirts '
to tfioorners. If I was in a hurry and saw j
car after car slide by as I waited, I never I
lost my temper out loud, knowing how j
much one may accomplish by bumping
one r s head against a wall.
But about the other side. Witnessing a
little tussle one day, and feeling sure that \
t* c passenger knew all about the check j
and was only trying to see what he could j
do, the thought came that a conductor's j
•place is not all joy and peace. With the j
company on one side and the belligerent
public on the other, he is between the
devil and the deep sea.
I began riding often on the different
lines, :md instead of keeping my eye on
the conductor's faults I watched the pub- j
lie as it rode. The recklessness of the ay- \
era^e crowd is appalling. Were it not for
rovidence that watches over fools, j
half the traveling public would be dead, j
(Grammatical effect of Irish ancestry.)
On a Mission car one day I saw a woman i
nod to the conductor, and, when the car j
stopped, v(ie climbed off backward with j
the usual grace of a woman in heavy sicirts, !
which is so suggestive of a cow coming ;
down a ladder, and in turning she walked ;
up i »t dress a few steps anu fell. The con- I
ductor im mediately asked for the address j
of a gentleman standing on the platform. |
In my verrlant innocence I wondered if 1
the conductor thought the gentleman j
pui- bed the woman off. So 1 asked. "Why, .
ma'am," sa:u the knight of the punch, "we |
have to do t.jai for protection. That wo- !
man may brinj; a suit for damages, claim- }
ing that the car started too soon and threw j
her down, and 1 must have a witness j
ready."
1 told the story to the Girl and asked |
her if she believed anybody would do such j
a thin*; and the Girl told how, on the j
Geary-street line, a woman in a fit of ab- !
Benca of mind < a disease sometimes l
chronic) got up ana walked off a car going !
at full spped, without even looking at the I
conductor. The natural result was that I
•"he uroke her head and sued the company
bank are the first that present themselves at the end of a short hallway. From this
room a door leads into the library. Several doors open out of this room on the
south side,- and here the visitor is likely to become bewildered. One leads into a
hallway that apparently runs the entire width of the building. Open a silently
swinging door, however, bearing the ominous sk-n, "No Admittance," and still
another hallway is revealed totally different from the first. This leads to the rooms
of the Commissioners, whose apartments are side by side.
Suddenly another door labeled "Library' 1 confronts the visitor, and on opening it
more shelves of books appear, but they do not seem to be like the other ones.
for it — because the conductor was not a
mind-reader.
I asked the carmen themselves if they
minded accidents or if they found them
exhilarating. Strange to say, they don't
like the sensation of grinding folks. They
say the public believes that they take a
malicious delieht in the spilling of blood.
And they feel that the hand of the public
is always lifted against them.
"Oh, yes," said one, bitterly, "I like it.
I sleep better when I have mangled a
child or two."#
Doubtless familiarity does breed some
carelessness on the part of the carmen. It
surely breeds contempt for an ever-present
danger on the part of the crowd.
A rapid street service is demanded in a
large city. Tbose who rave most over the
danger are the ones who want to speed to
and fro with the greatest velocity. If it be
conceded that the streetcar is a necessity
the public must make up its mind to take
in a great degree care of itself. Each one
must appoint himself a committee of one
to look after his individual safety. If it is
left to a conductor and the gripman to
watch every one of a iarge crowd, there is
going to be a smash.
Instances of criminal carelessness on the
part of parents result in charges of man
slaughter against a carman, whose whole
life must be darkened by the memory of a
tiny bloodstained body drawn from under
his car.
Think of a mother from the country
sending two little tots who know not that
the jangling bell is a warning of fearful
danger to cross Kearny street alone!
Think of parents leaviDg a child of four
playing on the sidewalk while they visited
across the bay. If these pictures were put
in the papers and marked "gross careless
ness on the part of parents" it would be
only truth.
In the residence districts the boys have
a habit of jumping on the platform, riding
until t.'ie conductor starts for them, and
then jumping. Nice habit, that. There
are too many boys of a certain kind in the
world, and a surer method of thinning
them out could r.ot be found. Still it is
hard on the conductor if he sees one of
them ground beneath the wheels.
I know a curve in Oakland and a boy
who jumps on and off the car there until
often I think Satan must be taking care of*
nis own or he would be killed a hundred
times over. The conductor has gone to
that boy's mother only to be told to mind
his own businesss.
The deaf and the lame and the blind
and the demented— all must be watched
for and protected by the conductor and the
motorman, despite poor brakes, slippery
tracks and a crowded time-table. If the
company says one man must do the work
of a man and a half he has it to do or lose
his job, and in this day of hard times a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
WHEJRI JHE SUfpEMI COUpj OF G/\LIFORJMIA WILL SIT IJM BAJ^IG.
job is something to be hung on to with
both hands.
During the embryo riots caused by the
checks for transfers the carmen were
banged from both sides. The company's
orders were to throw off those who failed
to obey the rules. The passenger's ambi
tion was to smash the conductor and vin
dicate his rights. Over and over, the pro
tecting check-holders were men who knew
just what they were doing, and did it with
unnecessary impudence. It brought the
company around all right, but sometimes
it was hard lines for the conductor and
the gripman. .,
I do not say that the street service of
San Francisco is good. Every one knows
that the cars are miserably equipped, and
that they are run with strict regard for
Mr. Huntington's famous statement; still
I do say and repeat that conductors and
grip and motor men would like to avoid
accidents, and that if the public would co
operate with them to the extent of taking
hist common precautions, there would be
fewer victims and fewer charges of man
slaughter. OriVE Heyden.
Where fee Is Costly.
"Merciful heaven, can it be?"
With eyes that fairly started from their
sockets the chemist contemplated the
glittering crystal his art had produced.
With hands that trembled violently he
applied the final lest.
"It is ice!" he yelled, "and the very best
I expected to make was a diamond."
When they found him he was insane
with joy. His mind was a blank. The se
cret was lost, even in the moment that it
was found.— Detroit Tribune.
"You.ehoiflld'Bci yonrear? lo^Tu».i, Ur,vmii H «->»*! n "arnnrr.'.louiiit toon Irish po*»
bui wb^n> be wu- »|iilxnmp; 'Mhoj >t- lou lai«B lor * nju.ru"
•'An' \itdiii\,°' rr]\iiril c*ii; iliberuian, "I irhi.'jiitt tuinlda' yours woaivi want 10 ha
ni<nii Ji-.rgi'r; suri: tbcy '»•-• Uiu small (or ha asa. 1 '
*'Ilsrn«.iy 3l ■* v v nol«J iJicdriver nt li ft ell- known lr»>li wAlflns'Tilace. Ho hold
Ihni i/»« "Miit w4t()Dt" «vua vhmU In»pri/VC(i by x inix'urt \m:!« m "dfcip of. t»c eray'
lljur." tmi \v.ni,i Pol' ciinimit uirOßOfi lo 'tiie ci-inion that the lalter.'vlenicift- UJUjied
anylhiiiK by LkjC oon miot). fib »omiitune* ifra.uk UOfHOI U "net:" tfaon waswiM
or W6ll fur i lie father n; hit vntnk Urnily.
One hoi diiv-.,aiifr a Iwn£ilriv-un'l » lil'ornl lure, Pnrnry inroad into th<> beat, bar
In town unil ohktil l..>r v •i.rmkic. jpal'tb K«tj. dowii the dtuU" Tljb proprietor, «vua
\vi..;ia ml lnif KuVi: other ul>tl6mch£ Hum poor HajTiay,,caaiu in »c tint latter Tt &i ruis
jnp jlia glass, "Unrney 1 , 1 ! L.— aid. "]'•) pi' l "'^ y,.,i wouldn't bo Urihliinf,"iiiy boy.
Yna Isrsnw you vfbntfnrry fprlr (trforo, nni] I Mir'i |f >'" < - yo«»'l| bu anircj /tir- ibis, too."
"fl rr.:, I mißhr, ' rr.[iU«tilLßarn«y, "but, aure. it'i «»f«r to be sorrj lor UKin' It titan,
lor !iyt ink 111 1 it."
Jti 5 crrfijn InM> collf^'" <lii» »-tade3t at lih oio] rj..iroina»i"ii has Iq vivo bis an
:rcr- him &pn mit bcrnhi !•.,,. [v,,»pt Of T.iaiafner>. Unce a fltudom,,v.-?Mi itnii no niuiin
Qjfifui</u of hie ftCtainracntr, a on J^'i me nuluii «rHb a rather idf-saiiftttc'J7uiii bop? 1"'
»!r. This axarajoo'r, Uciernnaud' 10 "•p*«t m him a l>!!!o, lilteiUblui wlthttßurica or
"etUl" i»it«-ivQ);i».ion». fiArnlt ft 3>figß> correct uneirer wim qivi.'n, nn>i -.♦ii-.-n Jii* time
bail i«xi»rwt tie tlu*c(»n<i«dAJKl »ivru4tl to hL» cr«>Miail«n bumiHilXL
"N'tnv, ' ih'u the KiolotlQUl cxjQiiußt vrhon ho ua<t»tn the oye of.lili vlothu BBlUa.
•*ityuu bi»'J iroua ar< you »^viuu down yuu'tl lij\V« uonjcOowti a,* yon wool uj'." 1
Tbt 01-l.i-.fi ol C was taking* walk luio liti'o ci'<tintry. irlicn U« met a little boy
Icudiu;: a tumi'u '«<|t< troubtf-i'jinc irnot by v ror/c. lie sioi>p«'l to taJli to tivo hllla
low, but ii'iih w.iit not no from biro,
"Woy 'ion*l yo»i rai: " your w» -iunto mo, uxy good boy? " ;riu«ifltl the Blsbop,
"I i you hold ibo gnat for me, J will," replied th« urchin,
Excited Over Pontius Pilate.
"Ha!" said Mr. Barber, the joker of the
State Bureau of Minim?, as a very fat vis
itor waddled from the elevator to the reg
ister and there inscribed his name. "That's
Pontius Pilate."
"How's that?"
ONLY THE
FEMALE MOSQUITO
STINGS YOU.
She Has Five Sharp Needles
Which Serve as a Tube
With Which to Suck
Human Blood.
This is the season when the pestiferous
mosquito gets in its deadly work. Mo
scientist has ever been able to discover a
single virtue in the insect, but we all know
its faults. Besides making mankind mis
erable during the summer, there is no
doubt that mosquitoes carry and propagate
disease.
There is every reason to believe that
they spread yellow fever. It has been ob
served that this dreadful fever comes with
them and departs when they go. Where
they are most plentiful it flourishes, but
where they are scarce very few cases ap
pear. Malaria is also supposed to be
propaeated by these pests, but this charge
has not been proven.
There are about 150 species of mosqui
toes in the world, and at least twenty-one
are native to North America. New Jer
sey alone has four species, one succeeding
another so that it is kept well supplied all
summer. The largest varieties occur in
the tropics.
The female does all the biting. The
Bits of Irisk Humor.
"Why, any one can see that he is
paunch-us."
"How about the Pilate?"
"If he had not been a pilot he never
could have steered himself up here, and
that is all there is about it."
Mr. Barker whisked his feather duster
over a showcase and sent a remnant of
Another attempt to get back to the starting point takes one out of another door
into a hallway that is totally unfamiliar with the impressions of the last one still fresh
on the brain. And so it goes, winding in and out of halls, past sumptuous chambers
and majestic rooms, where stern justice is to be dispensed and everywhere and per
vading all the feeling that the handful of men who rule here are supreme, have
the lives and liberties of men and their fortunes in their hands to be disposed of
according to tiie evidence presented or after long consultation of the ponderous
volumes that lire the shelves of the library and contain the knowledge and deduc
tions of Justices of the Supreme Court that have gone before.
male never enters the house unless by ac
cident, its only object in life being to per
petuate the species. The natural food of
the female is the juices of plants. It is
not known why she likes human blood.
If she drinks her fill once she never
troubles mankind again. Her sting con
sists of five very sharp needles, two of
them beine barbed. They unite and form
an awl, which, having made tho puncture,
serves aia tube to suck the biood through.
When Mrs. Mosquito is ready to lay her
egjrs she selects some still water near by.
Here she deposits them in a boat-shaped
mass on the surface. She lays about 100
at a sitting. From these the larvre are
hatched. Those larva* are called "wrie
glers." W T hen the wriggler is ready to
emerce into an insect he comes to the sur
face and sheds his skin, whicli serves as a
raft for him to stand upon. If there is any
wind his raft may be upset and he be
drowned. However, if nothing happens,
he stands on it a minute or two until his
wings are dry and then flies away to tor
ment unfortunate persons. It takes three
or four weeks for the e.'gs to develop into
full-fledged mosquitoes.
In localities where there are swamps or
ditches the nuisance may be mitigated by
covering the waters with petroleum. A
single drop of oil will spread over quite a
large surface, and the thinnest film is said
to be death to the larva;. It is estimated
that 500 acres of water surface can be cov
ered with crude oil for $3. If such surfaces
were covered five times during the sum
mer no mosquitoes could possibly propa
gate in them. A mosquito will produce
hundreds of generations in a single sum
mer.
the paleozoic age whirling in the direc
tion of the glass sarcophagus in which
repose the brass-ferruled umbrella once
carried by Benjamin Franklin and the
flintlock musket owned by Daniel Boone.
But his aim was bad and he sighed relief
as the flinty fragment came to a pause
under a remnant of a petrified brakebeam.
SIMPLICITY AND
GRANDEUR OF THE
NEW QUARTERS.
The cause of this curious architectural nightmare is the de
sire of the Justices for privacy. Once the court is in possession
of its quarters, which will be when the July ses-ion opens on
the 6th prox., the Justices in their chambers will be as isolated
from the outside world as though locked in a safe-deposit vault.
From the west elevator entrance on the seventh floor,
through which only the Justices and Supreme Court Commis
sioners can pass, a double corridor, divided in the center by a
partition, runs partly across the building. From the north or
.Market-street division of the coriidor open the doors of the
Commissioners, while on the south side, looking off across the
roofs of the City to South San Francisco, are the chambers of
the Justices.
Doors bearing the words "No admittance" confront the
visitor at each attempt to reach the Justices' chambers, and*
should any disappointed litigant take it into his nead to hunt 1
up a Justice for the purpose of wreaking personal vengeance he
would find it hard to reach his intended victim, for massive^
locks back up the ominous signs and only the Justices and^
attaches have the keys.
The entrance for the public is at the east end of the floor,
and the arrangements for the convenience of the public there
are remarkably good. Immediately on leaving the elevator the
clerk's office is encountered. Here every effort has been made
to facilitate the transaction of business. Labor-saving devicei
are on every hand, and every modern appliance has been brought
into requisition to aid in carrying out the dictates of the law.
The library is one of the most remarkable apartments now being j
fitted up for the use of the court. The collection of lawbooks ;
and records owned by the court is very larg£, and takes up a
groat deal of spare, but with the arrangements made for it will,
be compressed into a very small area. In addition to the shelves'
on the floor a gallery has been constructed close to the ceiling
where a large number of books can be accommodated.
When finished and ready for occupancy the apartment in
bank will be the most imposing one in the building, though not
of large size. Entering the door from the east and the visitor is
confronted by the bench, placed on a slightly raised platform
that extends entirely across the west end of the room.
Two massive pillars flank the bench on either end, giving a
severe and imposing impression of the whole, and making it re«
semble, to a great degree, the tribunes of the Roman basilicas.
The room is massively square, and a great skylight lets in the
rays of the sun, rendered less brilliant, however, by passing
through ground glass.
All about the skylight the classic style of ornamentation has
>een carried out, tjie frieze being particularly handsome. Walls,
nliars, ceiling and architectural ornaments being of pure white,
he effect is chaste and remarkably severe.
Comfort more than judicial severity of appearance has been
consulted in fitting up the Justices' chambers, where handsome
furniture, luxurious carpets and easy-chairs abound. The Com
missioners' rooms, too, are cozy and comfortable and fitted up
with a considerable decree of elegance.
The arrangement of the rooms and corridors was made es
pecially for the benefit of the court, which has taken a five years*
lease of the floor at .|6OO per month, the couit being located on
the top floor of the building. A magnificent view of the sur
rounding buildings and the higher portions of the City is ob
tained. To the north the magnificent residences of Nob Hill
rear themselves against the sky, while to the east glimpses of
the bay are obtained. From the windows that open to the south,
the Potrero and South San Francisco are seen spread out like
a map.
Tke Vervj JMeWest Woman
The Unconscious Bicycle yUtitude.
The Very Isewest Woman! Have yon
seen her? Oh, yes; sheischic; still beau
tiful—all that. But have you seen her fa
cial expression when in repose? Have you
viewed her curves critically when she is
unconscious and meditative? Take her as
she comes out of church this morning.
That is not religious zeal in her eyes —
that's the bicycle stare.
And the way she carries her parasol —
that's tho bicycle habit fastened on her.
She doesn't know it. Her thoughts are
not on her bloomers and her wheel — far
from it. That's the action of her sub
conscionsness getting in its work. It isn't
necessary to say any more, is it? The
artist seems to have done his work well.
He has merely caught the bicycle pose and
expression of the very newest young
woman as she is coming out of church.
It is not the ''new" woman, but the
gracious lady whom, in moments of an
tique tenderness, the head of the house
hold chooses to designate — though only to
intimates — as the "old woman," whom
the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court has crowned with the elory of a de
fensive decision. The "old woman," the
"lady of the house," as a more refined
recognition would entitle her, has at last,
in these unromantic and material day*,
won a legal definition in a court to whose
jurisdiction all good citizens bow. The
Appellate Division declares that while the
man may be — and it does not throw any
great doubt on the possibility — the actual
head of his family in the abstract, the
woman, his wife, is the supreme authority
in matters domestic, whom it is not only
bad form but bad law to controvert,
thwart, oppose or attempt to reduce to a
secondary place before the servants.
The decision is sound in common sense,
as well as in law. The home is the empire
of the wife arid mother. She bears the re
sponsibility for its government by virtue
ol her own express qualifications for gov
erning it. Man is a slovenly, untidy, in
exact domestic animal, who needs to feel
the strone hand of order and economy in
his nostril?, and only woman— gentle,
firm, generous, patient, tidy, economic,
careful, thoughtful, considerate woman —
can direct him aright. Intelligent man in
all apes has confessed the fact when he
surrendered control of his button processes
and the tears in his artificial integument,
but intelligent man is not universal man,
the proof whereof lies in the fact that the
Supreme Court has been called on to ad
judicate his place in the universe. Now
he knows it, at least in New York. At
home the wife is not only her Excellency,
but tier Majesty beyond appeal.
An appeal, if such were possible, from
this decision to all true men would insure
its sustentation without a dissenting
voice. But all this, of course, does not
necessarily limit woman's sphere of use
fulness.
♦ * * *
We'll not spit upon the street,
. In cars nor public places,
This is far from being neat,
Leaves unwholesome traces,
And disease is spread about
By such selfish doing.
We will try to put to rout
Smoking, spitting, chewing.
It is not from "Mother Goose." lewis
Carroll didn't write it. You may search
the "Bab Ballads" through without com
ing upon the original, says the New York
Sun. In fact it is not to De found -within
the realm of nonsense at all. This noble
jewelof sentiment as fittingly set in the
pure gold of sweet poesy is deadly earnest.
It is the battle cry of the Woman's Health
Protective Association of Brooklyn, and
was sung to the tune of "Yankee Doodle*
at the annual meeting held yesterday
afternoon in the grounds of Mrs. Jere
Johnson Jr. at 168 Hancock street by six
little girls from the South Congregational
Mission Chapel, clad in appropriate cos
tumes and carrying National flags and
"Health and Happiness" banners. There
is more of the song, but this is the vital
part. In fact the main part of the entire
meeting was devoted to the denunciation
of the process mentioned in the verse.
For the better knowledge of those who
are so lost in depths of ignorance as not to
know what the Woman's Health Protec
tive Association is, its objects are explained
here by quotations from the address of its
secretary, read yesterday:
"To inspire the women of Brooklyn with
a realization of their municipal obliga
tions; to promote the health of the people
or Brooklyn and the cleanliness of the city
by taking such action from time to time as
may secure the enforcement of existing
sanitary laws, and to procure the amend
ment of such laws and regulations when
they shall be found insufficient for the pre
vention of acts injurious to the public
health or the cleanliness of the city."
♦ # ♦ ♦
The girl seemed ill at ease, and every
time he took a seat near her she moved
away.
"My dearest," he said, "you seem wor
ried. Let me chase those tears away."
"Nary a chase to-night," she returned
quickly, ''and if you know what is good
for you you'll ksep away from me.
Papa is sitting in the next room reading."
"But the door is closed," he protested,
"ana we can hear him if he makes the
slightest move."
"But you can't hear him turn on the X
rays," she answered, "3nd you can't tell
when he will take it into his head to do it,
either."
Keep your hand on your pocketbook
when you hear a man insisting that "busi
ness is business."
Thomas Slater has a message for every man on
page 3U. Don't fail to read it.
1920
SOCIETY MEETS
AT THE RESORTS
And Indulges in the Gay
Whirl of Summer
Festivities.
Rooms Engaged at the Fashion
able Hotels for June
and July.
Pleasant Reports From the Mountains,
the Seaside and the
Springs.
There is no longer any reason for tarrying in
town. The schools are closed; the weather is
propitious-, and everywhere mine host the
manager of the fashionable hotel— be it at the
seaside, the mountains, the springs or the
lakes-has everything in readiness for the re
ception of nis guests.
The reports from all the resorts are most en
couraging. Hops have been inaugurated;
there is music nightly, and elaborate prepara
tions*™ t'oing maae for the many gayeties
without which a successful sammer season is
incomplete. Below will be found a resume of
.•merits ol our society people.
Miss Jennie Catherwood and Mrs. Young
left on Saturday night with General Forsyth's
party tor a fortnight's stay in the Yoscmite
Valley.
There is quite a knot of Californinns at
nt in I'nr;:. Among them are Mr. and
Mrs. Clans Spro " - Emma Bpreckels,
Mr. and Mrs. K. 11. Bprague, Mr. ami Mrs.
Andrew Rose. Mr. and Mrs-. Robert Oxnard,
Mrs. W. H. Wilsliire, M;»s Lizzie Carroll, Miss
Mnd»;e Carroll, Frederick R. Webster, Joseph
P. Grant and others. Mr. and Mrs. Sprague
gave a dinner party a iortnight ago at their
home, among the guest? being several of those
mentioned above. Mr. Sprague and Mr. Web
ster both won valuabli prizes hi the ereat
international pigeon match. The Grand Prix
de Madrid «v- won by George Work of New
Yorii. Mr. Webster had left Paris to attend
the Derby at Last advices, and expect* to sail
for home July 1.
Mrs. Go rce D. Strickland has gone East,
summoned by a telegram apprising her of her
husband.- dangeroul Illness.
T. J. Traif. 'Tii I! 1 for Europe on
the steamship Teutonic, June 17, ami will Vie
Bt the Continental, I'ttrS, for about two
month?.
Miss Clara Taylor is visiting at Taso Robies.
Miss Susie Wells and Miss Sallie Fields are
passing a few week- at < lazadero.
Mr. ami Mrs. Charles Belden are in San Jose
for a few weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. Irving M. Scott will be at Castle
Cnif; during July. They are now at Santa
Cruz.
Miss Daisy Ryan ol Menlo Park has Deen
visiting Mrs. W. B. C. Brown in .-arramento.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Vincent Wright of San
Jose have secured rooms at the c-ea Beach
Hotel in Santa Cruz ior the season.
Mr. ana Mrs. Sidney B. Cashing are passing
the summer in San Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Bradford, nee Badlam,
are visiting health resorts in Lake County.
Albert Wieland and John Siebe arrived here
from Japan on the Coptic last Tuesday, after
making a tour of the world.
Mrs. Charles K. Green and family are pass
ing the season in San Rafael. .
Cbauncey R. Winslow arrived in New York
City last Sunday.
Henry W. Hyman and family are passing the
summer at the Sea Beach Hotel in Santa Cruz.
George H. Rice and Miss Birdie Rice are at
Paso Koble.«.
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Crow are giving a house
pßrtya. El Ranoho del Cuervo, Crow's Land
ing, in honor of Miss L. Dorochy Steffens of
Sacramento prior to her departure lor Europe.
The other guests are: Miss Evelyn Bell of At
lanta. Ga... the Misses Crow of San Jose, Robert
Bradiori Mar-hall of Washington, It. (.'. ,
■ Jack of Paso Robies, William C. Cressey
and Gleabarn Crow.
.lames N. Suylam and Charles H. Suydam
I for Honolulu iast Tuesday on the steam
ship Australia.
Colonel William Macdonald sailed on the
steamship Australia la.st Tuesday to visit
Honolulu.
Tarn McGrew sailed for Honolulu last Tues
day. He may go to Corea. in which case he
will be absent for some years.
Edward M. Greenway left last Thursday to
visit Portland, Tacoma, Shuttle and Spokane.
He will be away about two weeks. Upon his
return he will go to Del Monte to witness the
fiesta.
Mr. and Mrs. William H . Crocker and Prince
and Princess Poniatowsfci will return from
the East late in June.
Peter Donahue Martin, who is visiting in
Portland, Or., is expected home late next
week.
Lawrence Van Winkle will leave soon to pass
several months in Soutnern California.
Miss Susie Russell has returned from a visit
to friends in San Jose.
Dr. L. Neumann will pass the month of July
at Lake Tahoe.
Mr-. Robert J. Woods is passing the summer
in San Jose.
Miss Beaver, Mifs Ethel Beaver and Miss
Fitch are visiting at Coronado Bench.
E. H. Kittredge and family ot Oakland have
leased a cottage near Los GatO* for the season.
Mr. and Mrs. William Greer Harrison have
been passing the week in San Jose.
Mr.=. L. R. Elierr, aud son left on the City of
Puebla ior a trip to Alaska.
Miss Murion Y. Bunner and Miss May V.
Townsend have gone abroad lor three yean.
They will visit France, Germany, Switzerland,
Austria. Italy, Greece, Egypt and Algeria,
then return through Spain and France to Hol
land, Belgium and London for the summer
season of 1897. after which they will do Ire
land, Scotland and Wales thoroughly and
probably settle permanently in London.
Mrs. Dickey and Miss Panno have left for an
extended tour of the Eastern States.
Mr. ami Mrs. (.eorge M. Pinckard are in San
Rafael lor the season.
Mr. and Mrs. William Thomas and Miss
Moliie Thomas are passing the summer in Ross
Valley.
Mis- Romietta Wallace will pass the summer
in San Rafael.
William S. Blair and his sister, Miss Jennie
Blair, have been visitibg health resorts in
Lake County recently.
Miss Frances curry will pass the summer in
Ban Rafael.
MiM Daisy Van Ness will be at the Hotel del
Monte during July.
Mrs. Richard T. Carroll p.nd the Misses Lizzie
and Gertrude Carroll will pass the next four
weeks in San Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. Perry P. Eyre, who are now at
Menlo Park, will be at the Hotel del Monte dur
ing August.
Mrs. F. B. Lewis and Miss Mabel de Noon will
pass trie summer in Southern California.
Miss Eila Goodall of Oakland is visiting
friends in Portland, Or.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Eells are occupying
their cottage in Ross Valley.
Hugh Tevis is en route home from the East
ern Sta-.s.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Coleman (nee Blmp
kins) are occupying their cottage at Bur
lingame.
>liss May Clark has returned from the East
and will spend the summer with her sisters in
ban Jose.
Mr.s. Pedar Sather of Oakland is at the Fifth
Avenue Hotel in New York City.
Mrs. J. C. Flood and Miss Flood will leave
New York to-day en route to this City.
Mrs. Frank M. Pixley will leave the City to
aay to pass the remainder of the season at her
country home. Owl's Wood, at Corte Madera,
in Boat Valley.
Mrs. Alexander Forbes and family will pass
the season in the Berry cottage at San Ratael.
Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Blanding and Miss
Susie Blanding are passing the summer at the
Bradford cottage, in San Rafael.
'V»3ia>it ».i:<l Mrs. Millen Griffith and the
•hisses Griffith are occupying the Connor cot
tage, in ban Rafael, during the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. John Hays Hammond willleave
Pretoria, tiouth Africa, next Monday for
England.
Mr. and Mr-. Henry E. Bothin are occupying
a cottage in Ross Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Tubbs will pass the season
at the Hotel del Monte.
Mrs. Robert J. Woods is passing several
veelcs in S-an Jose.
Mr. Lawson S. Adams will pass the summer
atCasile Crag and Del Monte.
Mr. Callaghnn Byrne and Mr. Thomas O.
Lark in left on Friday to view the water car
nival at Santa Cruz.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomes Magee Jr. of Fruitvale
will pass iiie summer at Castle Crag and Del
Monte.
Mr. George Loughborougb. has returned to
tbe Citj ror a brief visit, after a prolonged ab-
KPnea in Mexico.
Ir.and Mrs. A. G. Booth are passing the
i er in Kausalito.
• i--. »Vi!l;am L. Ashe and family are at the
beu Beach Hotel in Santa Cruz for the season.
Mrs. F. M. Hatch, wile of the Hawaiian
j Minister to the United States, has returned
I from Washington, D. C, and is visiting her
mother, Mrs. A. G. Hawes, in Santa Rosa.
Mr-. Hatch was formerly Miss Allie Hawes of
this city.
Mr. and Mrs. Willis Davis have leased the
I Crosby cot tMKi* in t*n Rafael for the season.
Mrs." Henry lilass Ji occupying the cottage of
Frank S. Johnson in Ban Rafael during his ab
sence in New YorK.
Robert P. Wicland will leave next month to
make a tour of the world.
Mr-, s. \v. Korman and Miss Gertrude For
man left last Thursday to visit Alaska. When
they return they will pass the remainder of
the'season in San Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. I>. B. Davidson are passing the
summer in San Rafael.
Mr>. E. L. G. Steeie and family and Miss Ben
nett are at the Steeie country-seat, "Feiici
dad," Salmon Falls, near Auburn, in Placer
County.
Mrs. (ieorge Gordon has been spending the
pnst month visiting various summer resorts
and is for the present at Zeigler Springs.
Miss Rose Goldstone Ol 1400 Post street has
left for Heppner, Ore.
Miss Kathleen Sullivan of San Francisco is
spending the summer with her brother, J. E.
Sullivan, at Rio Vista.
The Misses Rose and Jeannetle Keene, of San
Francisco, are among the social acquisitions at
Santa Cruz. They will give a coaching party
on Saturday night to the big trees and Mon
terey.
Mrs. Joseph fle Lano haß returned from her
Kuropean trip much improved in health.
Ttie Misses Florence I'eters and Alice Puncan
are spending the summer at their country
villa in Meudocino County.
Miss Rose Clarridge is visiting her brother,
Stephen <iarridge,at Rio Vista, Solano County.
Frederick C. Garrick <>i Now York, for a long
time a resident of San Francisco, recently
graduated irom the New York University, re
' I'ivmgthe degree of bachelor of laws. Mr.
! Garnet sailed for Europe the 10th inst. to pur
sue his law studies abroad.
Mrs. W. L. Powelson and daughter, Grace M.
Powelson, left iast week for Sonoma County
resorts, where they will spend the summer.
Mrs. A. Sbarboro and family left for their
villa at Asti, Sonoma County, Saturday, June
20. They will remain for six weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Badlam Oi Sau Fran-
I cisco are registered at Paso Robies.
i John Taylor and daughter, Mrs. Curran
Clark, Mrs. Commodore Beardslee, Mr. and
Mrs. Young and a number of friends from New-
York will sail from Tacoma ou the 21st ior
I Alaska.
AT THE SEA BEACH
Following are the arrivals at the Sea Beach
Hotel: Mrs. W. J. I.owry, Miss H. Lowry, Miss
T. Lowry, Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Hibbard, Mrs.
D. M. lvlrnas. child and maid, Mrs. B. Thomas,
1". S. Chadbourne, W. M. Chadbourne. Mr. and
Mrs. L. 8. Bochman, Mrs. L. B. Fiegeubaum,
Mrs. E, s. Dennison, Olive Dennison, Mrs J.
Naphtaly, Florence EUoper, Mrs. J. M. Roper,
Mrs. J. M. Steeie, Mrs. G. Ettlinger, Mrs. L.
L'ttlinger, Mrs. L. Strauss, children and ranid,
Mrs. M.x-hmitt, Mrs. i-.dith Bchmitt, Annie
Schmitt, Mrs. H.T. Hart, Milion L. Schmitt, Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Diiuphy, Master Robert Imn
phy, Miss Hall, G.W. Qarnett, R. Ma r sh Brown,
W. L. Davis ana daughter. Mr?. James Mcc,
Miss M. Mcc, J. H. Mcc, Sau Francisco; K.
Ermeler, Berlin, Germany; W. S. Thomp
niss IL W. Thompson, New York;
6. v . Wall's, Mrs. M. Hcott, D. K. Minnor, Mrs.
Wangenheim, Mrs. B. Harden, Mr. and Mrs.
Charies a. ueiden, Miss Wangenheim, Miss
Laurie Russeli, Gerald Sachs, Mr. ana Mrs.
Charles F. Taylor, Mrs. B. Schonme-scr. Miss
Margaret Solilkc, Mrs. E. H. Prentice, Master
Whitman Prentice, Mr. and Mrs. John Lee and
son, Mrs. H. L. Crawiord, sou and maid, Mrs.
A, Oveholser, can Francisco; R. H. Flint, .-an
Juan; Miss Metcalf, Santa Barbara: Mr. and
Mrs. (ieorge H. Wertield, Hea.ds.turg; Harris
Laning, J. J. Raby, N. H. Hall, Captain C. &
Cotton, Joseph R. Brinns, United States steamer
Philadelphia; A. <\ Bsssett, Men. o Park ; Mr.
and Mrs. Rothschild, Greeley, Colo.; Thomas
Hopper, Miss Hopper, Santa Rosa; Mr. S,. C.
McCreaiy, Miss Minnie Clark, Sacramento: H.
G. Ellsworth, M'.ss Ellsworth, Miss Carrie Ells
worth, Miles: Miss Nlta Seymour, Oakland;
Will Sparks, H. McCarthy, Miss McCarthy,
MiSB Wxgner, Miss Landers, J. A. Clover and
wife, W. B. Taylor. Frank Morris, Dr. George
W. Leeit, W. J. Sullivan, J. B. Lauck, Mrs. H.
Phillpp, W. J. Piatt, Dr. Walter Hunterberg,
H. Crane Spencer, Mrs. L. M. Mnuarlane, Mrs.
Captain l. MeEaec, H. L. Bcbmiti, J. G Boyne,
John Martin, J. B. Fuller, M:s. H. K. Silveiter,
J. E. Polhemus, J. Everding Jr., Jair.e> Wcuh
man, Mrs. B. .Schweitzer, Miss Bchweitaer,
Mrs. D. McFadden and daughter, Edwin
Fish. Ban Francisco; J. McMahon,
K. McMahon, George T. Ke'.lain, San
Jose; Mis- V. Rodgers, H. A. Greene, Monterey;
J. R. Webb, Mrs. J. v. Ron, MiM I. a iderson,
ETtesn >; E. J. < plgan, Saeraini-iito; Wil.iam B.
Wheeler, Chicago; C. Warnock, Sait Lake;
Adella Hilton, VRllejo; Mr. and Mrs. D. ML
Kulhuan, Oakland: Frank Baxter, John Bax
ter. Mrs. Murphy. Watsonvile; Captain Senl
liy. 5..-. Coptic; Mrs. W. G. Hensuaw, maid and
child, Miss Chandler. Russell H. Cool. Miss
Mabel Hopkins, Oakland; J. H. Gardiner, Mrs.
J. Gardiner, Rio Vista; A. M. Cunning, Hol
lister; Mrs. Abbott and two children, Stuniord;
Mrs. P, Cary, J. J. Adel, W. T. Adell and
wife, H. S. Bruner and wife, W. T. Jordan, J. D.
Griss:m, E. F. Schneider, H. Lion and wife,
Ban Jose; A. T. Gunnel!. Mrs. H. T. Gunnell,
M las Gunnel!. Colorado Springs, Colo. ; Mr. and
Mrs. B. H. Woodworth. Minneapolis, Minn.;
Mrs. J. D. Bishop, P. C. Haslett and wife, Ala
mc-da; Mrs. J. F. Bishop, Miss M. Bishop, Miss
Jean Bishop, Dillon, Mont.; William M.
Schultz and wife, SaustUito; J. W. Lyndon,
Miss Blanche Tisdall. Miss I. Lyndon, Los
iiato- ; Herbert A. Page. Thomas O'Connor and
•.viie, Alameda; Mr. and Mrs. O. E. Derly,
Mi-- E, M. Derly, Miss Emma Wellmaii,"
M;ss Ray Well man, Fruitvale; S. K.
Miner, Wilkesbarre, Pa. ; Mrs. Thomas
P. Bobb, Mrs. 11. W. Mitchell, Sea View
Villa. Mount Roberto; Lewis a. .-liire and wife,
Master P. 1". Sage, li. \v. Hyman and wife, Mi-r>
E Hyman and maid, Mi-s R. Hyman. Ma- er -.
Hyman, Ma-ter Robert Hyman, M. EL Hyman,
wife and maid. Sam, Willie and Helen Hyman,
Congress Springs; W.E.Henry, Pender, New;
B. E. Bergen and wife, Oakland; R. S. Douglas,
H. Jl. < 'aldwell, United states ship M.niuii; ick;
W. R. Schneider, Balmont; Mrs. I. Kohn, E. P.
Gray, Mrs. K. I". Gray. Mrs. George T. Polsom,
Mr. and Mrs. P. 8. Wiekersham, John Hunt, A.
0. Larkin, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Green, Mrs. K.
A. Green, Miss Clara Sutro, Mrs. H. Gray and
rtaughf-. Mrs. F. M. Ames, A. Burt and sister,
Mr.-, g VV. Leek and children, M.N.Sherman,
A. W. Northrup, A. ('. Freese, wife aud son,
Miss Clara Morris, Miss Alice Livingston, J. M.
Livingston, A. S. Rix, T. J. MeCann, Mr. and
Mrs. S. Bauer, Charies R. Heath and wiie,
Charles F'razier and wife, San Francisco.
At Del Monte.
The beautiful weather is attracting many
visitors to the Hotel del Monte. The surf and
tank bathing, the famous seventeen-mile
drive and the tennis courts all have their
patrons, and there is ao lack of other attrac
tions. Among those at the hotel now are:
Mrs. E. J. de Santa Marina, Miss de Santa Ma
rina, Miss Polastre, Mrs. Hager, the Misses
Hager, Miss Lucas, Mrs. C. Simpkins. Miss
Throckmorton, Mr. and Mrs. E. Van Bergen,
Mr. aud Mrs. C. J. Foster, Evan J. coieman
and Barry Colemau ot San Francisco. Among
those who have engaged rooms for the season
up to July 1 are: Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey
Harvey, Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Scholle, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles A. Laton, Colonel and Mrs. P. A.
Fmigan, Mrs. Mountford S. Wilson, Mrs. Rus
sell J. Wilson, Mrs. Adam Grant, Mr and Mr-
Walter E. Dean, Miss Dean, Walter Leonard
Dean, Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Bruguiere, Major and
Mrs. Joha A. Darling (U. S. A.), Miss. Jennie
Catherwood, Mr. and Mrs. C. A. S/preckels, Miss
Spreckels, Lieutenani and Mrs. F. EL L«favor
(U. S. N.), Mr. and Mrs. Harry A. Jerome, Cap
tain and Mrs. A. H. Payson, Mr. and Mrs. A.
C. Tubbs, Lieutenant and Mrs. (ieorge M.
Stoney (l\ S. N.) and Miss Laura Bates.
At Castle Crag.
There are quite a number of guests now at
the Tavern of Castle Crag enjoying the pictu
resque attractions of that delightful mountain
resort. Among those who are there are : Mr.
and Mrs. F. S. Doty and Miss Rowe of San
Mateo, Mr. and Mrs. George T. Klink, Miss
Klink, Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Reed, Mrs. H. W.
Reed, Mr. W. U. Dewey, Mr. and Mrs.
E. J. Crane, Mr. and "Mrs. Rounsevelle
Wildman, Mrs. H. E. Huntington, Miss Eliza
beth Huutington, Dr. C. W. Richards, Mr.
and Mrs. James IL Gocwey, Miss Gertrude
(ioewey, Mr. Herbert Goewey, Mrs. A. P.
Whittell, Miss Florence Whittell, Mrs. A.
N. Towne, Mr. and Mrs. Cliuton E. Worden,
Master K. T. Shaw, Mrs. Lester A. Beardslee,
Lawson S. Adams, Mrs. A. H. Voorhies, Mrs.
Clark W. Crocker, Mrs. W. Van Bergen, Mrs.
1". \V. Van Sicklen and family of Sau Fran
cisco. Mr. and Mrs. William H. Howard and
Mi-s Frances Howard of San Mateo, and Mrs.
P. (J. Pope of Mare Island. Those who have
engaged rooms, and the dates on which they
up' expected, are as follows: Mr. and Mrs. \V .
1". Hernn and Miss C. M. Dunn, June 20; Mr.
and Mrs. <\ \V. Tuttle and family and Mr. and
Mr-. F. W. Tallunt and family, June 23; Cap
tain and Mrs. J. J. Brice, U. R N"., June 24;
Mrs. General Williams and Mii*B Fillmore,
June 28; Mr. and Mrs,. Homer s. King and the
Mines King, June 30; Mr. and Mrs. C. L. May
nard, Mr. and Mrs. William M. Gwin and Miss
Mary Bell Gwin, July 1.
At Del Mar.
Recent arrivals at the Hotel del Mar. Santa
Cruz, include Miss K. Marshall, Detroit, Mich.;
Mi«s M. Schmitt, Miss T. Schumacher, Ala
lncda; H. Millmeister and wife, T. Lenzen and
family, Dr. R. H. Burke, San Jose; Rev. M. A.
McKey, Rev. J. F. Collins Santa Clara; O.
Heydenfeldt, L. J. Flynn, Leo Gonzalez, J. M.
Kelly, Miss D. Silk. Miss R, Fleming, Miss
Annie Maher, Miss Bessie McLoughl in, Mrs. W.
11. MoUoy, Mrs. M. chandler, Mrs. J. J. Gonza
lez, Mrs. J. D. Suhivan, San Francisco.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 189 G.
THE DREAM OF THOSE WHO REMAIN AT HOME.
THE PAST WEEK
IN LOCAL SOCIETY.
Silver and Golden Wed
ding Bells Ring Out
Merrily.
Surprise and Serenade in Honor
of a Thirty-First Anni
versary.
The Frcst, Simpson and Wei s B rt::
day Gatherings— Hogan Sur
prise Party.
Mr. and Mrs. Cornelius Van Pche'iluyneGibbs
celebrated their golden wedding last Wednes
day evening at their residence, 72'J Post
street, where they hospitably entertained a
large number of their friends, and received
not on.y their congratulations but many
golden tokens of their esteem. Although they
have both passed the period of three-score and
ten they are in the full possession ot" health
and are as active as many of their juniors.
Mr. and Mrs. Gibus were married in Brooklyn,
N. V., just fifty years ago last Wednesday and
arrived in this City in April, 1840. Mr. Gibbs
has been prominently identified in the worid
of commerce here since then. He was one of
the founders of Trinity Church, one of the
principal promoters of the Young Women's
Christian Association, was twice elected presi
dent of the Society of California Pioneers, and
for the past two years has been president of St.
Luke's Hospital. Mrs. Gibbs hiis been espe
cially notable in her charity work and as an
hospitable entertainer.
The host and hostess were assisted in receiv
ing by their two daughters, Mr.s. John Staf
ford, wife of Lieutenant Stafford, V. S. A., and
Miss Martha P. Gibbs, and by Mrs. W. C. Gibbs.
Mi*s Harriet Gibbs, Mrs. C. E. Gibbs, Mrs. J. K.
Walker Jr., Mrs. George C. Cobb and Mrs. Eli
Lewelling. A feature of the reception was the
exhibition of a piece of the original wedding
cake that did service a hali-century ago, the
white kid gloves and lace handkerchief that
Mrs. Gibbs wore, and the while brocaded v.nisi
coast that the groom wore on his wedding
day. A string orchestra played during the re
ception and rcireshmentß were served. The
pleasant affair came to an end at midnight.
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Kronberp celebrated
the twenty-fifth anniversary of their wedding
on Sunday, June 14, at their residence, ](>l4
Turk street. The couple held a reception dur
ing the afternoon hours, and received many
valuable and handsomo presents. For trie j>ast
seventeen years Mr. Kronberg has been the
secretary of the local lodire, "Doric," ol the
F. and A. M., and his broiher Masons remem
bered him handsomely on the occasion of his
silver wedding.
The thirty-first anniversary of the wcJding
of Mr. and Mrs. James H. Riley was celebrated
in an appropriate manner on Saturday even
ing, June IS, at the Riley residence, 449
Natoma street. Early in the evening the
worthy couple were induced to visit a
neighbor's, and during their absence, their
many friends took possession of the residence,
and with the aid of flowers and evergreens and
Hugs, completed a beautiful transformation.
Music was furnished by the Acme (Hub, and at
10 o'clock the Veteran Fireman's band ap
j peared on the scene, led by J. F. Fernandez
and managed by C. W. Dunn, and serenaded
the assembled party. Mr. Riley is an ola
Veteran, not only of the old Volunteer Fire
Department, but of the National Guard and of
the late war.
Quite the feature cf the evening, however,
was a fancy dance in costume byMissFauny
Rave. The young folks amused themselves
with games, muse, singing, dancing and reci
tations until 1 1 o'clock, when the guests wore
invited into the dining-room, where a s.ump
tnous supper awaited them under the direc
tion ot Mrs. Charles 11. Krucke, übly assisted
by Miss May White, Sadie Riley und Mi-s
Trix Davis. At the conclusion of the repast
Mr. and Mrs. Riley were called into the parlor,
where they were presented with several ele
gant and very appropriate presents. Here
they also renewed their former vows of mar
riage, the ceremony being performed by Pro
fessor Charles H. Krucke.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. James H.
Riley, Mr. and Mrs. T. Wright, Mr. and Mrs.
.GOS "Encleke, Mr. and Mrs. Thomr.s Manning,
Mr. and~Mrs. Charles H. Krucke, Mr. und Mrs.
John Crotty, Mr. and Mrs. William Taylor, Mr.
and Mrs. James Boyle, Mr. and Mr.s. Charles
Kruggle, Mrs. Frcu Green, Mrs. Alice Kegg,
Mrs. Lou Meyer, Mrs. M. A. Milne, Mrs. A.
Smith, Mrs. Vernott, Mrs. Crane, Misses Sadie
Riley, Trix Davis, May White, Mamie Fisher,
Nellie Riley, Annie Shaw, Josie Riley, Irenu
Lynch, Maude Riley, Jose Taylor, Leuii Jacobs,
Daisy Henshaw, Mamie Riley, Gracie White,
.Gertie Fisher, Millie French, Molly Green,
! Lula Tibbitts, W. F. Koch, Eddie Rliey, Jerry '
; Kelly, George Xii- y. Brie King, Frank Mur
phy, Walter Riley, (ie.'r,.-" Robinson, Artie
Riley, George cash, George Williams, John
Couran, Tom Mitchell, Guj Bhgleke, Fred
•Green, Major J. Humid mi. Benny Somers,
! Thomas Hyuea, Billy Mitchell and many oth
: tr?.
A very pleasant birthday party was givpn by
1 Walter Bijnpson at ins residence, 4 « » l' 2 Te
hama street, lasi Saturday night In honor of
: his. nineteenth birtnday. Games and recita
tions made the night a merry one. The
enjoyabl ■ of these selections were a piaii" soio
by Miss Agnes Aiikmann, vocal solo by M --
Harvey, focal duet by Mines Frances Scherin
and Mi-s Dora Thompson, and the rendition of
tin- rramway March by Walter Simpson and
MissF. gcherin. After n splendid sni per the
gn< -:•< prolonged the festivities until the br.-nk
". day, when they deported with regret wish
: in^,' their host many happy returns of the day.
a the guests wire Mi-s Frances Bcherin,
[gnes A bkmann, Mi •■ Dora rhom
Miss Ray Marlowe, Miss Birdie Henry, Miss
| McKenua, Mr. and Mrs. Bchi rin, Mr. and Mrs.
M' K.llllll.K .111111. Mr. Longton. Mr. McConnieU, L|
Schuster, Mrs. Simpson, James P. Law.er, Wnl-'
ter Simpson and many others.
A pleaunt surprise party was tendered Miss
Gerti-' EJogan, ai tier re-idence on Dolores
► trei.t, lasi Fri lay evening, by her many yonng
friends. Biuging, dancing hiu! games were the
features of the evening. Among those pn sen)
w re: Misses Gertie Hogan, Marguerite Mc-
Donnell, Agnes Bulllvan, Anita McDonnell,
Edna Gam bl , Mabel McD mnell, Phoebe Gibson, ;
Xii.ii- Sullivan, Master Charles Gamble, Clif
ford Warren, Joseph McDonnell, Willie Rey
nolds, Stanford Warren, Gerald McDonnell and
Eari Northrup.
Mi-s Lottie Wells of 1532 Folsom street was
ve:y plea a'ntlj surprised on Sunday iast, the
, teventeenth- anniversary of hor oirth. In h»r
honor the young lady's friends gave a bus ride
to Lake .-an Andreas, where they camped an I :
h d lunch, returning to Campf's restaurant,
where dinner was nerved. Those presi ni we:- 1 -:
John T. Gibi in, Miss Bella Wells, William T.
Hamil on, Mi«- Madge Grant, E. C. Jessurum,
M a Clara O'Brien, Milton Bernhard, Miss
Minnie Bradley, William So.ari. M;ss Josie
McD ineli, D. Bray, Mi-s Sadie Gibson. Ben- :
jamin Baddley, Miss Mamie Churchill, Julius
Homer and X. woblander.
A very enjoyable birthday party w»s piven
: in honor oi Fiosaie Frost on the evening of I
June 13 al the residence of Mr-. Chambers,
1310 Mi--ion street. Among the pleasant
featnresof the evening was. the recitation of '
Miss Nellie Winchell, also the singing and ;
. dancing of Miss Flossie Frost and the piHno I
playing l>v Master Chamblos. 'I hose present
were: Mis, Nellie Winchell, Mi-s <'am:','-.
Miss Essie Conneli, Miss Sadie Kelly, Miss Clara
Woof hoses. Miss Jennie Murphy, Miss Mabel
: Murphy, Miss Elsie Stewart, Miss Emma s^w- j
: yer, Miss i laxa Unnrke, Miss Ma? ("onneli.
Miss Xi tie Zammltt, Miss IJazie Kelly, Miss
Rossi Foye, Miss Margarette Theile, Miss Violet
Sawyer. 'Miss Freida Mccarty, Miss Ilfltlie
i chamblos. Mi-s Lewis Chambioa, Miss Maud
Frost, Mrs. F. Lynn, Mr. Miid Mrs. Lafayette,
Mrs. Gray. F. BckenhoS, <;. E- Conneil, Will
i Cantwell, Vincent Hayes, Frank Brenneke, J.
I Conneil, F. Coffee, M. Buckley, R. Conneil, J.
Breiinan, E. Hailahan.
LAKE TAHOE
Among those who have engaged rooms at
■ McKinney's on Lake Tahoe are the following:
I Mr. and Mrs. Kn-s and son Ralph, Mr. and
Mrs. Horace Hammond, J. C. Role, Captain
i and Mr.s. Grey, Mr. and Mrs. H»ns Gullixen,
I C. h. Uonner and party, Professor Treadwell
■ and party. Professor Troyer, Theodore Hit tell,
i San FrancisCo; Mr. and Mrs. Elmer Brown,
i Berkeley; Mrs. G. F. Davis and daughters, T.
R. llot'er and family. Mr. and Mrs. John Rosser,
! Canon, Nev. Among those already on the
i register are: F. J. Cordi, superintendent of the
1 Bodle Con. Mintnc Company, and wife; w. a.
I Cameron, Mr. and Mr>. \V. Westoff, Mr. and
Mrs..). Hurtcbaell, Mr. and Mrs. E. Zachan.
! Mr. and Mr.s. C. W. Kenitzer, 11. Kenilzer, Mi-s
' Weiss, Mr. and Mrs. Kmbbe, San Francisco;
1 G. o. Monk house, Penryn: Mr. and Mrs. Wil
! liam J. D. Trousdale, Co'llax.
At Mount View.
Among the guests at Mount View Hotel, Ross
station, are: Mr. ana Mrs. Maurice Schweitzer
and family, Mr. and Mrs. Cahn, Miss Nager,
| Messrs. Goewey, Lewald, Jennings, Long,
i Peterson, Mr. Wright and family, Mr. and Mrs.
'Lincoln. Mr. llaldon and son, Mr. and M;s.
Mandel and family, Mr. Wiley, Mr. and Mrs.
Sioss, Di. Peschel and family, Mr. and Mrs.
Dohrmann, Mr. and Mrs. Prager and family.
the Misses liny and C. Prager, Mrs. Roe, Mr.
Roe, Mr. and M rs. Frieke, Miss Charlotte Fricke,
Mr. and Mrs. Dinkeispiel and family, Mr. and
Mr-. Bancroft, Mr. Wirthle, Mr. aim Mrs.
Kenkelin. Mr. and Mrs. Colter and family,
Mr. and Mrs, Leopold and family, Miss Peck
ham, Mr. Pettigrew.
At Klamath Hot Springs.
Arrivalsat the Springs are: J. H. Rothe, Chi
cago; E. Esliert. Chicago; A. A. Wise, Chi
cago; Charles Martin, Yreka; Thomas Culburt,
san Francisco; Charles WhitehSsd, San Fran-
I Cisco; Mrs, c. H. shattuck and son, Alameda;
j Mrs. James Spaulding aud daughter, San
j Fruncisco; \V. N. Sution, San Francisco; G. V.
I Hall, San Francisco; Dr. C. L. Goddard and
family, Oakland; Miss Burnham, Oakland:
Miss Center, Oakland; Miss Jones, Oakland;
Vigil Conn, Paisley.
At Mark West Springs.
The latest arrivals at Mark West Springs are:
Julius Lemle. Samuel Maxwell, Henry Planz,
Ban Francisco; Beery K. White Jr., Boston,
Muss.; T. L. Snurtoach, Samuel Abrams, Ernest
J.. Wenle, Richard Radke, Rudolph S. Kelien,
San Francisco; George W. Brooks, Oakland;
Mrs. J. R. Grugel, Oakland; J. XV. Keegan,
Judge Overtoil, Santa Kosa; Mrs. Frese
I Juergcnsen.
SOME ENJOYABLE
CLUB GATHERINGS
Society Entertained by Fash
ionable Organiza
tions.
The Sequoia 'Club Ent rains in
Honor of Miss Mabel
Leary.
The Western Addition Entertainment
and Dance— The Tuesday Night's
Outing Party.
The Sequoia Club gave a most enjoyable sur
prise party In honor Of the graduation of Miss
Mabel I.eary, at Cook's Hall, on toe evening of
June 13. During the evening a farce was ren
dered, songi sung, games played*, dances en
joyed and supper partaken of by Misses Mabel
Leary, Grace Rankin, Annie Selion, Lois Eoff,
Alice Cameto, Meta Boiaon, Laura Xeill. Liilie
Reynolds, Lena Schellenberg, May Lawry,
Jo-)ie Kane, May Pat er.-on, Mary Gilchrist,
MabL-1 Miller, Mury Boyian, Julia Boylan, Ethel
Car tan, Maud Cartan, Nellie Saury, Minnie
Leary, Pearl Btroud, Nellie Kemptson, Mrs.
Rankin, Mrs. Leary, Mrs. Young, Mrs. Nott,
Mrs. SOS, Mrs. S.'llon; Messrs. E. Cartan, E.
Dimmer, J. Eofi", J. Nicholson, J. Leary, H.
Leary, G. Moloch, J. Gallagher, J. Barry, L.
Springer, J. Laury,, J. Folty, J. Patterson, J.
Henna, 0. McCarty, J. Jones. T. Arias, A.
Smith, P. R. X >ff, R. Lincoln, E. Musson, G.
Ogle, A. Gerken, E. Rankin.
The Western Addition Literary and Social
<lub held their regular monthly entertain
ment and dance Wednesday evening, June 17,
at Native Bons 1 Hall. The excellent pro
gramme, varied and interesting, was well re
ceived by the lame aud iashionable audience
present. Dancing as usual brought the even
ing's entertainment to a close. The pro
gramme in full whs ai lollows:
Overture, orchestra; recitation, selected,
Miss Mabel Hfueltine; tenor solo, "How Can I
For<et Thee" (Denza), J. Hoy t Toler; the sym
pbony, operated by 11. A. Sheppard— (a) "Over
ture irom William Tell" (Rossini), (b) "Selec
tion from Robin Hood" (DeKoven); contralto
solo, "Thou Art My Life " (Masiheroni), Miss
Josephine Patterson; comedy, "The burglar
and the Judge," the cast— Justice Geoffry Gyves,
Alfred A. Borlini; Parkhurst, Will M. Ogilvie;
Joe, George B. Crandall.
Tiie members of the Tuesday Night Club
gave a delightful outing at Ross Valley on
Sunday, May 31st. The affair was successfully
managed by Miss Dollie Wyants, Miss Nell
I Casey, Miss Maude Barclay, Miss Anna How
i «rd, Miss Ada Keily, Rfiss t'arrie Morton, Mr.s.
I Austin, Mrs. Morrison, Mrs. c. Cole, Mrs. Mc-
Colgan, Mrs. Morton and Mr.s. Howard. The
I next meeting of this club will be held at the
residence ol Miss Ada Kelly on Fell street on
June 23d.
A delightful ice-cream party was eiven by
! the young Indies of Miss C. Hunt's class at the
I Gir.s' High School on Thursday, June 18. The
young ladies of the class and all teacuers of
the building were present. Among those help
; ing to make the afternoon pleasant were Miss
May Levy, Valeria Kieineberg, Lulu Becker,
; Floreiice Lipsher, Eva Levy, Grace Prender
j gast. The room was beautifully decorated
i with ferns and flowers and other artistic ef-
I feets arranged by the pup. Is. Dancing con
i eluded the afternoon's entertainment.
Mrs. A. G. Elliot and her mother, Mrs. E. S.
! Howe, entertHined at dinner Tuesday Colonel
and Mrs. D. McCutcheon, Mr. and Mrs. D. Staf
iord, Wallace Mudgett, Colonel Moore, Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Hansel.
AT EMERALD BAY
Late arrivals at Emerald Bay, Lake Taho?,
include: Miss Mattle Dixon, Michigan Bluff;
Miss Gertrude Hutchings, Yosemite; James
llogc, Mrs. James Hogg, William Hogg, Miss
Mabel Hogg. Mr. and Mrs. E. H. dough, San
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Guenthers, San
Antonio, Tex.; Mr. and Mrs. C. K. Dixon, Los
Angeles; Dr. and Mrs. M. L. Cooper and
iamily. Modesto; A. F. Calloway, San Fran
cisco; Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Sampson, Grass Val
ley; C. F. Overtoil, Santa Rosa; Mr. and Mrs.
C. VV. Clifton, San Diego; Mr. and Mrs. R. C.
Graves, Santa Cruz; Thomas H. Hutchings,
Oakland; A. \V. Smith ton, San Jose.
At Cazadero.
The following are the arrivals at Cazadero
this week: Will M. Graham, Dr. and Mrs. Mc-
Lean, family and nurses, San Francisco;
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lehii and family, Roy O.
Yates, Clarence XV. Reed. David Williams,
Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Richardson and
daughter, W. H. Wells, H. F. Blethen, J. L.
Blair and sou, Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Chadbourne,
James Carolan, C. G. Hooker, Mr. and
Mrs. A. R. Fredericks, East Oakland;
ILL. Smith and wile, Sa.. Francisco; Miss A.
J. Walker, f*an Francisco; James Schmitz, San
Francisco; Miss Josephine Daws, Santa Rosa;
J. Stuart Yates and wife, Victoria. B. c. ;
Miss Austin, Victoria. B. C. ; Dr. J. S. Eastman
and family. Berkeley; George C. Bnllantyne
and wife, ' Oakland; *L. N. Jacobs, Pan Fran
cisco; J. W. Harris, wife and boy, San Iran-
Cisco. A coaching trip was made this forenoon
by a large number of guests, to Austin and
Ward creeKs, Pole Mountain and other inter
esting points and all had an enjoyable time.
Yours etc., C. F. Burns.
At Bartlett Springs.
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Cal., June 20.— Allen
A. Curtis, the well-known lumberman, accom
panied by Mrs. Curtis and their two children, j
Ralston aud Carleton, are hero for several |
weeks. Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Chandler have
taken the "Atwood" cottage for the summer.
Mrs. Calvin C. McMahan and daughter, Mather, j
accompanied by Miss Emmerson of San Fran-
Cisco, have taken the "Glenwood* 1 cottage for
the summer season. Mrs. Gus E. Dorn, wife ot
the well-known commercial man, and Mrs.
Ciprico are up for a six weeks' stay.
John Pacheco of San Rafael, w.ith George
Kavanagh, Milton Brooks «nd Ed Bailey of
San Francisco, yesterday morning started out
at daybreak for Cache Creek fishing, returning
in the evening with sixty, forty, tweuty-nve |
and tifteen respectively to their credit. .
Mrs. A. C. Weher and daughter, who are mak- j
ing a Hying visit to all the springs, stopped
over here for one night.
W. H. Hoi eubeck, wife and two children, of
Fresno, are up for several months' stay. E. C.
Creiler, a well-known business man of San
Francisco, is up for a f*ew weeks' stay. Mr.
Creiler finds niany improvements since his
visit fifteen years ago. Burr H. Mitcheil, the !
well-known young business and society rnau i
of Colusa, gave us h flying ,-isit on his wheel.
He will return in a few weeks for a long stay, i
C. Martin, the well-known hack inspector of I
.San Fra:;iisco, is enjoying himself hugely.
Among the many rec nt arrivals may be ;
seen: Mr. and Mrs-. E. L. Maze, Upper Lake; i
/. B. Kincholoe, Woodland; E. A. Oppen- ;
heimer, Marysvillc; H. B. Rodgcrs, Wntson
ville; Francis Toad, Vallejo: Burr H. Mitchell,
Colusa; Allen A. Curtis, wife and two sons,
San Rafael; Mrs. otto bluches, Sacramento ; |
J. E. Coibrer, Mrs. E. S. Ciprico, Mrs. (ius E.
Dom, F. G. Roberts. W J. Shives, K. C. Creiler,
James Kelson. Mrs. A. C. Webt-r, Mrs. C. C. Me- |
Mahan. Miss Emerson, San Francisco. Bowl
fng ana tennis are all the ga Thomas Hanra- ■
han of Sacramento heads the list in bowling, '
With ■ score of 'J4(i.
Arno'is; those who have recently engaged j
rooms for the season are: J. W. Elliot (presi- ,
dent ot the First National Bank of Los An
geltis) wife, two children und muid; Mr. Jesse i
Potter (of Miller & Lux) and family; Miss !
Annie Sullivan and sister, San Francisco; |
John T. Graynor (of Murphy, Grant & Co.),
with his wife und family, accompanied by
their friend Mr. Horrigan, Mrs. Toesner and
Mrs. Beel, San Francisco; Mrs. P. F.Nolan,
Miss Kittle Nolan, Mis.- t;enevi eve Nolan. Leo i
.Nolan, Miss Kiltie Arnold, Mrs. Dunbar, Mrs.
Fredericks, Miss Fredericks.
At Magnetic Springs.
The following guests hare engaged rooms
and cottagi's at Magnetic Springs, Glcnwood,
for the season: Mrs. E. B. Leverc, Mrs. Mey
ers, A. Wyss and family, U. B. Norton, J. H. :
Norton and wife, A. >ummerfield nnd family,
H. Koniai) and fain il> , Mrs. A. Harris and two
daughters. Mrs. K. Levy and daughter, Mr.
aud Mrs. Kedston and family, E. H. Sllsby and
iamily, Mrs. J. Marx and iamily, Miss Lmma
Crossj Miss May lickett. J. Mot-S and wife, Mi.-s
May Cuthbert, Miss E. A. Mai. son, Dr. Edward :
Wiuden, Mrs. Sansoni and family, Mrs. Cap
tain Townsend and child, Aloert Lachman,
Henry Lachman, J. lil. om. H. Bisimp, E. L. •
b ui.cr, J..J. Mcany, Vie. or Metcaif, wife and !
family, Mrs. Hail, Louis Sage, wife and child.
There was a hup £iVerc ai the hotel on Sat- i
nruay, June 18. which uas attended by all the
i;uc.-ts and a iiiinueroi residents from Santa
(rnz and vicinity. It was an enjoyable affair
and continued until the wee 3maL hours.
At Paraiso Springs.
The recent arrivals at Paraiso Springs are as j
follows: Dr. M. K. 'lonzaiez nnd wife, Mrs. '
E. Hitchcock, Mi-a HitGbcock, Thomas chip- 1
ninn and wife, 8. L. Parsons, C. T. R<imle, Dr. ,
XV. R. Cmness Jr., Frank Doud Jr., J. N. Bes-se,
A. <i. lliland, S. W. Cowles and wife. Mrs. Trues- j
dell, William V. Bryan and wife, P. Johnson,
F, F. Kellogg ami wife, Ed F. Arms)
Mrs. J. A. Magee, Mrs. E. Malloo,
D. C. Bloom. W. L. Garretson, Sum Dannen
btum, James Harris, L. Sanborn, Mr-. .1. Morri
son. >li<s £. Kttcheuer, Mrs. M.D. Boruck, Lewis
F Watson and wife, John Allison, Mrs. M. Kil
burn, 1". McAllister, Sanborn Backus, Mrs. S.
W. Bnckus, Miss C. Wilson, K. Israel, A.
Crocker mid wife, J). F. Leddy, Timothy
O'Grady, L. T. Watson, H. w. Hatborne, T. c.
Johnston, M.ss P. Johnston, Father Brennen.
At Soda Bay.
The following have registered at Soda Bay
during the past week: William Harfst, San !
Francisco; William Si;>py and wife, Miss Caryl
Bippy, Los Angeles; Captain A. Y. Tiask, J.
Scaomfield u:id fami y, J. M. Litchfield and
Wife, Mister R Ll« yd Litchflvld, A. Y. Trust,
8. B. Cristy, Charies C Hilton, Howard C.
Holn.es and wife, W. Y. Wheatly, wife and
Child. Mrs. h. E. S.ade and child, William Y.
Grant, Ml W O. Lflinhardt, pan Francisco; E. i
Loll .hardt, Oaklnnd; F. B. Heath, Masiei
Prankle Heath, San Jose; Miss Lelinharat, [
Miss Elna Lelinhardt, William Rudgear, Oak
land: Dr. A. L. Walsh and wife, J. F. Cunning- :
ham. Stanley Adderley and wile, J. H. Kelly, j
Mrs. R. Root, G. Gregg, San Francisco; George I
R. Dodson, Fred Mauses, Alameda.
At Gilroy Springs.
The late arrivals at Gilroy Springs include: |
T. H. Norman, J. B. Cavanaugh, J. B. High- ;
tower, William E. Cunningham, Charles XV. [
Chapman, William H. Kruse, G. B. Gobert,
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Rainey. Joseph H. Me- ;
dirthv, Mrs. Me urthy, C. D. Hurrisnn, Edgar |
Painter. Mr. and Mrs. Alf Johnson, A. 11. Mur
ker, H Frederick, Edward Schwerin. John .
Britt, John Btegeman, Mr. and Mrs. John F. :
Helms, Miss Alice Helms, James Smith, J. C.
Humphrey, San Francisco. James Wood, John
Mulv&ny, Sun Jose; W. H. Smith, Gilroy; K.
Boulogne Riid family, Alameda; Mrs. L. G.
Richmond Judd, Oakland.
At the El Monte.
Among the guests registered at the El Monte,
Sausalito, are: Mrs. M. C. Keen, Mrs. J. L.
Lev) son, A. A. Guardior, Mr«. R. S. Nagle, Max
Warshauerand wife, S. Green and family, Miss
Je^sk' Marston, Mrs. R. T. Devlin, Mrs. War
dt-11, Mrs. A. O. Colton, J. Seven t, J. L. Good
lay. W. H. ( arr, H. A. Nauiuan, Miss Mabel
Huselton, Miss May Warde, Mrs. Bonuey.
At Blue Lakes.
The list of arrivals at Blue Lakes Hotel in
cludes: Mrs. A. C. Weber, Miss Weber, P. H.
Farrell, J. F. Cunningham, Mr. tind Mrs. L.
Wickstroin, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Capell, Mrs.
Lux and daughter, 0. F. Marwedel, M. A.
Gaugham, Mrs. A. C. Bolderman, Fred G. Gant
ner, H. Wolf, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. R.
Eliot, Chicago; D. Clopton, Montgomery, Ala.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
Blacks and Checks
r> The Market-Street Store will be an attrac-
tive place this week — attractive prices on
Black Goods, and. then we've just received
those long-looked for Shepherd and Broken
3 Checks.
ON SALE MONDAY— MARKET-ST. STORE ONLY.
Checks. I Black Dress Goods.
80" pieces Shepherd and Broken 15 pieces Fancy Armure Suitings,
Checks Dress Goods, in BlacK and neat small designs, 45 inches wide.
White, Tan and Brown, Brown and Never sold regularly under 50c, but
wo oi7 STi^S jar's £?£?■■ This Week, 25c a Yard.
one who has been waiting, better
come in Monday. iq pieces Fine Surah Serge Dress
$3.50 a Suit Length. ' Goods, all pure wool and perfectly
6 fast colors; 40 inches wide. Worth
60c, but - ■■•■■; -,';,'
REMNANTS. This Week Sc a Yard.
d,, f n. « one, third tie re ga ,»r '^'his W«k! OTd a Yard.
KOHLBERQ, STRAUSS
& FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET— and— l22o-1224 MARKET STREET.
PREPARATIONS FOR
JULY WEDDINGS
Cards Are Out for the
Hobart - Baldwin
Nuptials.
The Date Is Set for the Wed
ding of Miss' McKenna and
Peter Martin.
A Cathedral Wtdiing to Ba Cele
brated on the 3otu Day
of Ju y.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Scott Hobart have is
sued invitations for the wedding of their sis
ter. Miss Ella Hobart, and Charles Baldwin, to
be celebrated on Tuesday, July 7, at high noon,
at the church at Han Mateo. Bishop Nichols
will perform the ceremony, which will be fol
lo\ved by a breakfast, to which invitations
have been limited, at the Hobart residence at
San Mateo.
Another swell wedding announced for July
is that of Miss Isabel McKenna and Peter D.
Martin. It is to be a cathedral wedding.and
will be celebrated on Thursday, July 30. A
small reception will follow at the McKenna
residence on Franklin street.
The wedding of Miss Josephine Delmas,
daughter of D. M. Delmas, and Lionel Fitz
gerald Keeney of Dublin, Ireland, was cele
brated yesterday In London. The young
couple will go on a tour of the world for their
briJul trip and are expected in this City next
fall. Mrs. D. M. Del mas will make the trip till
here with the you nsr couple.
The wedding of Miss Lucy Tpson ana Mr.
Lewis B. Hanchett will take place next
Wednesday at the residence of the bride 's
father. Mr. L. S. Upson, in Sacramento. Mr.
Hancheit is the son of Mr. an.l Mrs. L. J.
Hanchett, and brother of Mrs. George Crocker
and Mrs. Edgar B. Carroll.
Mr. Alexander Center invited some fourscore
gentlemen to dinner at the I'acinc-l'nion Club
on Thursday, the 18 h instant, to meet His
Excellency Hoshi Tt.ru, Envoy Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary to the United
States from the Empire of Japan.
Miss Alice Voorman was married last
Wednesday evening to Mr. Heber Coay Tilden
at the residence of the Lr de's father, Mr.
Henry Voorman, on Bush street. Roy. dsoree
Edward \\ alk of Trinity Church officiated. The
bride was attended by Miss Mil Voorman, Miss
Maitie ffbittier, Ml»s Flint and Miss Griswold
as bridesmaids. The affair was very pleasantly
celebrated.
A very quiet and simple wedding ceremony
united in the bonds of matrimony Miss Louise
Young, the charm in* Jaughter of Mr. and
Mr.-. H. J. Young, 1799 Pine street, and Staf
ford Parker, the weli-known shipping commis
sioner.
The wedding was celebrated at Trinity
Church Mot.day last at noon in the presence of
the relatives of trie bride and groom. The Rev.
George Edward Walt officiated. The only at
tendant that the bride had waß Miss (iene
vi.-ve Huntsman, her cousin. Mr. Parker was
supported by Mr. Fisher as best man.
Among --hbse pn-uot were Mrs. Maynard,
Miss Maynard, Mrs. Hunt-man and the Miesea
liuntsin* ii, Mr. and Mrs. Grayson Dutton, Mrs.
Wil iani Gwin and Miss Gwin.
After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Parker and
the marriage party were driven 'o the home of
the bride, where a very delightful wedding
breakfast was enjoyed.
The bride and groom left in the afternoon
for the south, where they will remain for some
time.
As Miss Young, trie bride was a very popular
member of soc.ety, and was well known as one
of ■ ho prettiest girls "in the swim."
The weddiug ot Mis- Teresa Wall and W. J.
Kennedy was celebrated o i Wednesday at St.
James Church, Rev. Fatner Lynch officiating.
A number of the many friends of the couple
wit'iessed the ceremony. Ml»s Lyrlia Leddy
of Santa Rosa wns the bridesmaid and WiilP.
Dunn of Petaiuma acted as best man. After
the ceremony an elaborate wedding oreakfast
was served at the residence of tue bride'i
father, 928 Dolores street. Among ttie many
gifts received by the ymrtg couple was a
handsome silver set, sent by the employes of
the Suuset Telephone Company, of which
Mr. Kennedy is cashier. Mr. and Mrs.
Kennedy left Wednesday afternoon for Coro
nado. After a tour of Southern California
they will return to this city.
On the 16th iust. at 4 o'clock the wedding of
Miss Catherine Landers and John J. Hen
dricks took piace at the home of the bride's
motner, Mrs. M. Landers, at 812 Shotweil
street.
The ceremony was solemnized by the Rev.
W. A. M. Breck of St. John's parish in the pres
ence of the family and a few intimate friends.
The maid of honor was Miss Margaret Brown,
while the groom was assisted by H. L. Warren
of San Jose as best man.
At the conclusion of the ceremony a sump
tuous wedding breakfast was served, after
which the happy pair departed on tneir bridal
journey amid showers olrice.
Among those present besides the family
wit.-: Mr. and Mrs. James Pearson, Mr. and
Mrs. Shadbourne, Mrs. Drace, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Roberts, Miss Kate Brown, Mr. and
Mrs. Woersen, Miss Margaret Brown, Mr. War
ren and others.
AETNA PRINGS
The list of late arrivals at Springs is at
follows: Mrs. A. M. Burns, Miss D. Burns,
Miss C. Evens, Mrs. F. L. Whitney, Miss Graco
Whitney, Harry G. Scovern, A. Alexander, C.
A. Sweet, San Francisco; Miss Ellen M. Bartlett,
Alameda; Dr. Watt, Victoria; Z. Watt, G. W.
Fee, St. Helena; Alexander Borgen, Oat Hill;
Miss Elva Robinson. Mis» Anita Pearch, Miss
Marie Keller, Napn; Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Schultz,
Miss Faulina Schultz. Oakland; Mr. and Mrs.
C. j. Paddock, Henry S. Russ, Edmond Russ,
San Francisco.
At Paso Robles.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Sachs are spending & month
at Paso Robies.
Chief Justice Field and family intend to
spend several months at Paso Robies.
Major and Mrs. McLaugbliu and Miss Mc
laughlin ol Santa Cruz and Sam N. Rucker of
San Jose will spend a few weeks at Paso
Robies.NEW YORK DRINKS
CALIFORNIA WINES
Macdonough to Try Orestes
at the Futurity Race
in August.
Reincarnation of a San Leandro
Orchardist as a Gotham
Song Writer.
Property on the Bowery Depreciated
Twenty-Five Per Cent by a
Popular Ditty.
NEW YORK, N. Y.,June 16. 189 6.— A
the rale which California wines are becom
ing popular in New York it will not be
long before the Golden West supplies the
entire East with the bulk of the wine con
sumed, French and all.
I driited into the wine cellar of Charles
Stern recently and found the gentleman
to be an old-time Californian, who still
has a residence in Los Angeles, where he
spends the greater part of the year.
'•I am more of a Californian than a New
Yorker," said he, "notwitbstandine the
that I have been located here for
hat is, I have always kept a
- connection with this part of the
1 States. I was also the man who
handled the nrst California wines that
put en the market in San Francisco
'■■■ I was at that time at the head of
tusinesi of Kohier it Frohling. In
1 i-ame to New York and opened a
house here, dealing in wholesale wines
produced entirely in California. Take the
market twenty years ago, fur instance, and
where I sola tive cases then I seli live car
loads to-day. Here in my cellars now I
keep a constant reserve of 80,000 gallons
on hand to meet the demand during the
s iciai season. People all over the East
are taking to wine as a table drink and
show a decided preference for the Califor
nia product. It is no longer conjecture to
say that the bulk of the wine consumed in
the United States to-day comes from Cali
fornia Nobody disputes that fact any
more. It is even admitted by the opposi
tion and the viticulturai reports show it.
"There is another great thins to be con
! in the matter of California wine.
It is the inroads it is making against
French wines south of the isthmus. lam
shipping considerable quantities of it to
the West Indies, the British possessions
and along the Spanish Main, in and around
Honduras and tne west coast of South
America. I have no doubt that a very
considerable business is carried on in that
section from the California houses also.
One very remarkable thins is bow easily
one can deceive connoisseurs with Califor
nia wines bearing a French label. There
are a score of fashionable clubs in this city
where nothing but California wine is con
sumed. Ordinarily it is Zinfandel worth
75 <-ents a quart, but it is served out to the
clubmen from a bottie bearing a foreign
label and every quart costs them $2. The
middlemen buy the wine naked, that i? to
. L>uJfc, and a little gildea label does
the rest. '
Mr. Stern says it will take considerable
time to wipe out the popular impression
among men who have money that France
produces no better wine than California,
and in a great many cases it is inferior.
* * * *
W. 08. Macdonough is keeping it quiet
so far as the mob is concerned, but he
nevertheless told a gentleman talking
with him at the Brooklyn handicap race
last week that he proposed to try his two
year-old Oreste?, Ormonde's colt, for the
Futurity in August. The Great Trial
stake comes off soon, and the promising
animal is to be tried out to see if he can
pret in without being pushed. If condi
tions and the animal seem to be right be
r.-ill be retired from the track to await the
ereat event. At a race at Gravesend the
other day Oreste3 got off a little slow, but
after the start he caught his legs and the
spirit of the game and came in flying. It
was altogether satisfactory to the owner,
and horsemen regard the youngster as a
particularly promising possession.
Jiwrns & Waterhouse are still buying at
all t!.e yearling sales, and have sent word
from Louis to New York Tor Btable
room at Gravesend. It looks as though
things will be too swift at St. Louis when
the convention meets for anything Mr.
Burns owns.
I suppose it will be somewhat of a sur
prise to J. B. Haggin's friends to learn
that he is acting very much like a man
who intended to get back into racing again.
Jle was seen on the track the other day for
the lirst time in two years, and John
Mackey, the veteran horseman, as well as
Mr. Haggin's agent, was all smiles to see
the millionaire getting possession of the
ft-ver again. It will be remembered by
Californians that Mr. Hapgin retired Sal
vator and Fsrenzi some time ago, and went
to breeding on his Rancho del Paso, near
Sacramento. He is quietly getting things
ready, However, to wade out on the turf
again and run for blood. He even had his
colors up not long ago on one of bis run
ners, and from a remark or two dropped
on that occu- i"n it is about certain that he
will be well into the swim again before
'long.
Tod Sloan, whose diminutive anatomy
is familiar to every California racetrack
habitue, is riiiinu some winning mounts
h<re, and likes to hobnob with the people
from ti.e coast.
•• » •
Alice Nieison, once of Tivoli fame, after
having made a hit in Robin Hood, is now
resting after her season at Long Branch.
Miss Nielson was quite a surprise to the
Eastern contingent. It was whispered,
following her engagement by McDonald
to Francisco last winter, that "the
Bostonians had picked up a reasonably
girl out West." Those who did the
peringfl are now talking in a much
louder tone to the effect that "McDonald
knew a good thing when he saw it." She
will return to San Francisco in a couple
of weeks to breath, some pure air and get
, .r Eastern trip. It is well to add,
however, that she has been re-engaged for
the next season.
-.-nator Stephen M. White passed
through New York last week, stopping at
tb<- Waldorf fora few hours, en route to
Boston* where he has relatives.
Charles Trevathan, an ex-newspaper
man of San Francisco, is gathering fame
and fortune with his negro songs, two of
which are being sung in New York. His
latest, "Honey on Ma Lips." will be sung
at the Casino next week in "Gay New
York."
* • « *
Of course one can never tell what a man
of ideas will do next. Last January Gil-
Bert Tompkins was living quietly on his
ranch near San Leandro, playing granger
and horse- raiser, just as though he was in
earnest. Not very long ago he got it into
his head that fresh fruit for breakfast was
the only thing compatible with longevity.
Acting on the thought, he put on a line of
wagons between Oakland and San Lean
dro that came in every morning during
the season loaded down with apples,
peaches, pears, grapes, nectarines, etc.,
which were disposed of to the Oaklanders
on the ground that they had only left the
trees a few hours before. It was all very
nice for the retailers, but Mr. Tompkins
lost money on his venture and called off
the occupation. One setback for a man
who thinks is really nothing, so he
eot it into his head that the only
way to tram trotters was to teach
them to swim. He thereupon built an
immense tank, sufficient in depth and
width to permit a Dorse to swim around
and have a nice bath and a healthy exer
cise twice a day. It hadtbe'effect of keep
ing the horse clean, but just about that
time a crash came in trotting stock and
the poor brutes bad to give up the luxury
of bathing. Shortly after that Mr. Tomp
kins decided that his forte was sentimental
song-writing, ana here he is to-day bring- j
ing tears to the eyes of thousands and 1
singing sentiment to the exclusion of all J
else. He has composed three songs al
ready, and is slowly coming to the front in
his last-chosen profession. He still h:is
some ideas left, which he is ready to spring
at a moment's notice. He deserves to
succeed.
• • •
Mr. Klau of the linn of Haas Brothers
has returned from Europe and will take
the overland flyer for San Francisco in a
few days.
Jacob Baruch of the grocery firm of
Haas, Bowen & Co., Los Angeles, is visit
ing relatives here, but will return in a
short time.
Mrs. Charles B. Alexander (nee Crocker),
now in Kussia with the General McCook
party, is expected back to New York the
latter part of June. She will join her
children in Tuxedo, New Jersey, imme
diately on arriving. Mrs. Alexander
writes a friend that Americans have been
unusually well received by the Russians
both in Moscow and in St. Petersburg.
H. Nappenbach, a San Francisco news
paper artist of the Examiner staff, arrived
in Gotham yesterday and went immedi
ately to the Journal office to see his friends
before leaving for Munich, where he goes
to study. Nappenbach was attired regard
lessly and swung his dude stick with the
proper twist. Before he had time to ex
press his delight at seeing old faces
Manager George Palmer pounced on him
and he was put to work. He labored far
into the morning and threatened to taka
the first steamer going out of New York.
Who remembers Ben Teal, at one
time a reporter and all-round newspaper
man on The Call? He used to trot in
the same harness, with George Barnes and
the two used to have a very decided love
for the theaters. Teal has carried it with
him up to date and is soon to become one
of tne builders of entertainment instead of
a spectator. It appears that Benjamin
has adapted a French comedy to American
qualities, and that same is to be presented
very shortly at McVicker's Theater in Chi
cago for a spell of weeks, after which it
will come to New York and occupy the
Fifth-avenue Theater. Critics promise
that it is the comedy hit of t;.e season
and creat elevation is spoken of for the
play and its tire.
• ♦ •
Oh, the Bowery, the Bowery,
They do such things
And they say such things,
On tlie Bowery, on the Bowery,
I'll never go there an - more.
Who would believe that those words and
the rest of the song has had the most
disastrous effect on property values in that
section. It may seem a queer statement,
but nevertheless real estate men regard it
as the most destructive bit of refrain that
has ever been turned out of New York. It
has been sung all over the United States,
and while the Bowery proper is a wide,
wel'-kept and busy commercial street, it is !
now pointed to with a sneer among j
business men, and the ominous ditty is :
sung in explanation. The fall in values is
between 20 and 25 per cent.
• » *
Those who possess a liking for dinner
fads will find it advantageous to note that
champagne is no longer served from the j
toweled bottle fresh from the ice receiver, j
but is poured instead into enormous
pitchers that hold from three to five bottles !
each. It is then served in tumblers., and j
looks very much as though one was drink
ing clear cider. It is wonderful how well
drinkers get along under thf new system.
Just think what a chance for the San
Francisco clubman gifted with a colossal
mouth. Robert H. Davis.
A Tiny Mouse
That Was Adopted by a
Big White Rat.
There are many well-authenticated j
stories of the adoption of orphaned ani
mals by maternal animals of another
breed, but it is probably unusual for a rat
to adopt a mouse as its own. Harry G. |
Squires has a white rat which has adopted I
a tiny gray mouse deliberately, and the |
rat has taken it into its nest with two tiny ,
rats of its own. There the mismated play
mates huddle close together, and the
mother rat and the father rat, both of
which are snowy white, as are their two
offspring, look on indulgently at the little
gray interloper. Curious passers-by stop
and watch this odd sight.
Mr. Squires, who lives in North Berke
ley, at the corner of Vine street and Shat
tuck avenue, took his pair of white rats
anil put them in a glass case, from which
they could not escape. This he fitted up
with little ladders, with subterranean
caves and passages, under a quantity of
loam, rocks and sawdust and with a sup
ply of cotton and rags. Tnen he watched
the mother rat build her nest, which is as
soft and downy as the interior of a bird's
nest. There she took her little ones. A
few days ago Mr. Squires caught two very
young mice. One was killed and the other
was put in the case with the white rats.
The mother rat looked at this stranger for
a time with undisguised interest, and
seemed undecided what to do. Finally
she took it by the nape of its neck, just as
cats carry kittens, and put it in the nest,
and there she suckles it with her own
young impartially.
Fiendish lorture.
Maude— The monster! No wonder she
is suing for divorce!
Evelyn — And that isn't the worst of his
horrible cruelty. She declares that he re
fused to allow her to wear his colored out
ing-shirts, and, in pure vindictiveness,
locked them in a wardrobe with glass
doors!
Wild horses have increased to such an
extent in Queensland that the animals are
being shot with a view to reduce the num
ber.
Do not fall to read Thomas Slater's advertise
ment on page 32 for men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, IS9O.
COLORED DRESS GOODS ! We continue the most successful and, from a buyers' standpoint, the CLOAK DEPARTMENT !
— iV most marvelous Bargain Sale inaugurated, with STILL DEEPER AND ! T~
m ne.es srfxc 2 HA C C T n wooT dpfss MORE SEARCHING CUTS IN PRICES throughout the remainder of our j ladies- . single kip^capks, of iad ieB
soops, iii citrons, bourettesbr^ne I ENORMOUS OVERSTOCK OF SPRING AND SUMMER DRY GOODS and i SSffiVta'wS: VSth a & ao^mTt'SSS
rrdVc'eTto d c^rd form " pnce "* CLOAKS, and in inviting every one to call early this week and participate I ■«»« rt * l7se - h -
At 35 cents. . In the WONDROUS MONEY-SAVING OPPORTUNITY afforded we pre- LAJm JACKE £ *£*, fine cloakinsr ,
51 pieces 50-iNOH all-wool plain sent a variety of items to illustrate the ; 5^2SZ£ ™&i^«/s^2«fi£
AND MIXED LADIES' CLOTH, for- Merely Nominal Prices , Prevailing! _ 601TS , - ™ , _ _
-«£»£». ii Merely Nominal Prices Prevail ing! «**
AX r>U l.ents. LADIES' SUITS, consisting 01 double jackei
52 pieces 54-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL ■ - ■ '• ■ ■ • and lined skirt, in blacK aid navy cheviot
FRENCH . SURAH SERGE, newest ' • , . worth $7 50, reduced to $5 eacß.
gSSStt-T Ms 2 MmiN UNDERWEAR ! ; MEN'S UNDERWEAR! embroideries! 41 Siil^ ™
At*:n n f_ — *■-- SKIRTS, all lined, finished with bias vel-
.hi dv .os-.fentg - - At 25 Cents. • 4 - . _ „ , I ' veteen, worth -H 50, will be offered at
91 pieces 44- INCH ALL-WOOL CLAY At -agents. 125 " 'dozen FANCY sli X FTNTSHFD At 7k> Cents a Yard. C' $2 45 each.
WORSTED NAVY STORM SERGE, 100 dozen LADIES MUSLIN CHEMISES, . 1J ■ ko"sHRINKINGT\VO THREAD 486 pieces CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY;
former price 75c, reduced to 50c a yard. made of heavy mualm. yoke edged BALBRIGGAN UNDERSHIRTS AND regular price 12>^c; reduced to 7^*per „-._„- .T _ T , IT7 mm niTIII
' with lace will be closed out at 25c • DRAWERS, regular price * 1 50 a suit, y«d. QDEPJAT PJ A MET QAT TJ I
At 50 Cents! ' will be closed .°' t at 25c each garment. At 10 Cents a Yard. 01 JjUIAL CL Ail 1 OAJjll!
TIT 1 fiF TTnTTIfI finnTlfll 100 dozen LADIES' CHEMISES, made of -- Hn , on AT[ JVt^v^avr'cs vvnm 409 pieces CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY; Wo have still renminillß about 750
nI.AI X KhliX IT II iV " heavy muslin, yoke of embroidery, will '° u™SHIRTS% draWPPS regulorpnce 15c; reduced to 10c per pairs flne White manket ., s.i htiy Im .
DLAUJY UMOO UUUIJfI. be closed out at 50c each. 22SfS!S™«iflByrtdSSSi *"*• >»««« *T** ?°- ""* »«»■ » fc *
Af c.. m. c At 05 Cents a suit,; will be Closed out at 50c each At 12H Cents a Yard. nominal price, a ml offered °" ''l"*!" 11 '
At 3o Cents. ■<:. ■ 'c '■■-<:■ At -'3 Cents. s .;.^ garment -UO ™»n M PA\IPT?Tn VMIIKHinPRV basis. This week we make still furthei
27 Pieces 38-INCH SUPERIOR LUSTER 50 dozen LADIES' CORSET COVERS. -!„_„-—_,_.__-, regular price ->0c reduced to l'»/c ocr reducfion < : ■■*• although bdiomoii.
ENGLISH FIGURED ALPACA, for- perfect fit, V-shape, edged with em- OUTING SHIH.TS! regular price -Uc, reduced to l-^c per aMe> feel that the I)nrchasing I)ublic
mer price 60c, will be sold at 35c a yard. broidery, will be closed out at 25c each. - : ■'■■ At »O Cents. J will appreciate the values.
: :" . . 95 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS'" CHEVIOT, At 15 Cents a Yard.
. At 50 Cents. At 25 Cents. MADRAS AND TENNIS FLANNEL ! 318 pieces CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY- j GOOD WHITE BLANKETS, 10-4 SIZE., *i c A
25 pieces 50-INCH ■ ALL PURE WOOL 50 dozen LADIES' DRAWERS, made of OVERSHIRIS, in light, m«dmm and regular price 25c; reduced to 15c per ■Ughtly mixed with cotton, valucj .y,i)o
ENGLISH SERGE, former price 75c, heavy muslin, yoke band, finished dark colors regularly sold at 7oc each, *» d i pnce -jc, reauceu 10 "i per for $2 So pair, on sale at i 1
will be sold at 50c a yard. with tucks and embroidery, • will be will be closed out at 50c. J
closed out at 25c each. / rrnriTTirkTri M „.__„ 1 ~~ BETTER GRADE WHITE BLANKETS,) j, tl c .
At 50 Cents. t mn _ ; TjnOTljDV UnOIGD V I soft good wool, 104 size. goo(i[ $2.85
65 pieces FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH At °° Cents. fIUOIJjUI tlUblMl HBCQTIIIH DTBBfIMQ ! value for *4. on sale at .....S*- 0 "
AND ENGLISH NOVELTIES, former 50 dozen LADIES' GOWNS, yoke of fine "UUIUIIJ . _11UU11JIIX, UlinhUHM nlJiljUWu ~~ T ~
prices 75c and 85c, will be closed out tucks, lined back, good muslin, will ; • At 25 Cents a Pair. i»±iiiMi»uii_Jiiii»A»unM 1 | VERY FINE WHITE BLANKETB,} . —
at a yard. be closed out at 50c each. ."r-V 115 d zen CHILDREN^ BLACK FRENCH j •At 20 Cents. be C °; llf 75* « w0 5 )I 'i „ size '( •>4.(«)
J . ■- t icrT> ipiidu tn -Lir\aT? i vi "" »-<wiiis. value for ifb 75, on sale ut ; *
. • LISLE- .LURK AD HOSE double ; INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIB- i
. Knees, heels and toes sizes s}A [to BM, BONS, assorted colors, value 35c, will U r . a «. „--. .,.„. ..... . (Utm
STtf UPPAffIFNT 1 LADIES KID GLOVES! regular pnce4oc and 50c, reduced to 2oc be closed out at 20c a yard. C WEAVE FINE WHIHS* 8555*5 75
8H If HFPARTPNT ' LADIES KID GLOVES ! a%, ** <*„,, . p.,,. It » ZZ reacK^sSsa *■>•<••
UiJJIV II 111 IllllllilJll 1 . — — 125 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED : 3^-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIB- I o. Qr p rRWH ,TF m atutfts «n»
At 55 Cents. BLACK . MACO COTTON HOSE, BONS, in elegant designs, value 45c, Australian woof, al beauiiful'ar"t^fi KA
At 35 Cents a Yard. 1500 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOTS- double 'knees, heels and toes, Herms- will be closed out at 25c a yard. cle value for sB 50- on sale at.. ' ) 'PV'" V
3000 yards FANCY TAFFETA SILK, ,'or- QUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID dorf black regular value 35c and 40c, * f cmr" *■ '
mer price 75c, will be closed out at 35c GLO\ La, m tan shades regular value - reduced to 25c a pair, all sizes. At 30 Cents. _ j 150 pftirs LARGE SIZE IRK WOOL, _
a yard. $1, will be closed out at soc a pair. -' At 15 Cents a Pair. 3#-INCH DRESDEN RIBBONS, all silk, | WHITE CRIB BLANKETS, miUS %'} .>0
■» «= ri^ fc . ' ■ 150 dozen -'LADIES' BLACK EGYPTIAN handsome patterns, value 50c, will be j cost $3 15 pair; on sale at ) p ~'
At 50 Cents a Yard. . o^v™- rmTPC! v , , COTTON ' HOSE, high-spliced heels closed out at 30c a yard.
°000 yards FANCY BENGALINE SILK, 1200 pairs 4-BU II ON KID GLOVES, black  and toes, onyx fast black, regular price j 150 pairs 11-4 HEAVY GRAY BLANK-} •)-
in brown, Seen and heliotrope, former' . ;™«™ bSred aSoca nafr " >3c - reduced.to 15c a pair . ' . ETS, value for .*a pair; on sale at. ' H
price $1 50, will be closed out at 50c a value * x « VVUI Ollerea at «* a pair. .t o - Cents i p., n i TITITI n n T\ ITi I HOT fl I
£* At SO Cents. 175 dozon LA D?Es"?fx EM AGO COTTON CARRIAGE PARASOLS ' •'^S^ffiSag^lffSS $3 00
At 75 Cents i Yird 1000 pairs 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK- HOSE, high, spliced heels, double UlllUllilUU_l_lllUlUUJJU . | f4 2 5 pair; on sale at... $ <pj.vv
. JnVnpn ,' ,v , vt» m, t. ING GLOVES, embroidered back, in soles and, toes, plain and Richelieu At * on '
1500 yards FIGURED SATIN AND TAF- tan, brown, red and navy, also black, ribbed, in black and assorted tan '_ T „ ** * 1 '""* . , . ;■ IW See "Examiner" ami "Chronicle"
i ETA SIL.K. former price $1 2a, will regular value $1 25, will be closed out shades, rczular price $4 20 a dozen, re- CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in gloria silk, fo **pecial sales of Linens and Wash-
t be closed out at 75c a yard. at 80c a pair. duced to 25c a pair. lined, will be closed out at $1 each. goods.
{£[/ Murphy Building, j mil Murphy Building, ./ mil Murphy Building, if mi/ Murphy Building, J I*LJ Murphy Building, /
Market art Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market -and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets.
WHEN JOURNALISM
AND PUGILISM WERE CLOSER
FRIENDS THAN NOW.
''Do you think Corbett will knock out
Sharkey iv four rounds?"
There isn't a newspaper man in this City
who has not been asked that question so often
that he is heartily sick of answering it.
It is especially so with those writers who
have from time to time been identified with
the sporting columns of the daily papers, for
they are the legitimate prey of the persistent
Mr. Interrogation.
As a matter of fact the newspaper writer
knows just as little as anybody else in the
premises. He can make a rough guess, and so
can his questioner, one being about as correct
as the other.
In the earlier days of the old California
Athletic CluD, when pugilism florlshed in this
State almost to the exclusion of all other sports,
the most desirable sporting editor was the one
who had the best knowledge of fighters and
fighting. It made little difference what he
knew about any other branch in athletics,
fishing, gunning, cycling, racing and boating,
So long as he knew the differance between a
cross-counter and a half-Nelson, ajid knew just
where a knockout blow had to be appauded,
he was all right.
• * * *
It was a select gathering of newspaper men
who witnessed the four-round go between Dr.
James Ktanton and poor Hilly Hart, who died
in New York a few months ago.
The contest came about in a rather odd way.
The newsgatherers ami a few artists and their
friends met every evening for dinner at 7
o'clock in Freiling's Krencli restaurant, then
on Merchant street. The place has long since
closed its doors.
Dr. Stanton, who was then Coroner, Al Mur-
Dhy, who is now secretary of the State Board
of Pilot Commissioners and who had not yet
earned fame as "Blinker" Murphy, and three
or four others, including Will Hart, were dis
cussing both canvasbacks and pugilism.
John L. Sullivan was at the zenith of his
fame knocking out people in four-round bouts.
How he did it was the particular point at
issue.
Stanton, who is quite an athlete, knew all
about it, and Hart, who also laid claims to be
ing way up in matters pugilistic, soon found he
had ideas contrary to those the doctor was ad
vancing. The debate became spirited, although
friendly, and some one suggested that argu
ment be dropped and that the two gentlemen
proceed to illustrate their respective theories
one 011 the other.
Hart was willing but Stanton demurred,
until goaded into it he declared he could put
Will asleep in four rounds or less or forfeit $20
worth of ducts for the next night's repast.
That settled it. Hart promptly accepted, nnd
the meal was hurried through. The only
drawback was the choice of a locality. It was
finally decided that an adjournment would be
taken to the top story of the Morgue building,
in Dunbar alley. It was a dark night, nothing
very much was doing in the churnel-house,
and the empty room next to the autopsy
chamber would be just the thing.
Purling for wind after a climb ot two flights
of stairs, their stomachs well balanced with
duck and other delicacies, the two exponents
of pugilistic theories stripped to the waist,
while a referee and timekeeper were being
chosen among the spectators. There were
other preliminaries, and then the two friends
went at it as if battling for theiriives.
Hart, heavier than Stanton, but less science 1,
rushed matters, the doctor contenting himself
to remain on the defensive during the first
round. When time was called Hart was very
much flushed and winded, while his opponent,
who had not as yet delivered a single blow,
smiled contentedly.
"Time!" exclaimed the watch-holder, after
♦ho regulation minute's rest.
Hart bounded out of his chair and rushed
much as Sharkey didthe other night at Cboyn
ski. The doctor stopped him half way with
a stiaifcht left-hander, and Will, recovering
after a moment of astonishment, rushed again.
Stanton 's right shot out and brought up with
a sound o. f striking a drum on poor Hart's 1
well-filled paunch. It was a cruel biow after
dinner, and the canvasbaek as well as sundry
other dainties began stirring around as if to
move out of range.
From being as red as a lobster Hart's face
began to pale. It was evident that another
snob a visitation would be disastrous.
Stanton lo.*t little time in taking advantage
of the situation and this time a left jab in the
shape of an upper cut at close quarters went
chasing after Hart's ducks.
That ended the battle. Feeling ill, Will
opened the door leading to the adjoining room,
where he knew there was a sink. It was quite
dark in there and he miscalculated positions
or locations. Groping his way he suddenly
came up against the dissecting table, where
hi* outstretched palms rested upon the body of ■
a subject operated on a few hours previous.
Stanton was declared a winner.
•* • *
Hart was one of the best writers on puerilistic
affairs in this State at that time, but he did not !
know enough to fight on an empty stomach, j
Still, his opinion was always sought as a fore- j
cast whenever a boxing contest was on the |
tapis.
Two of Hart's best friends, Al Murphy and
Eugene Hahn, held contrary opinions as to
Hart's merits as a fighter, Hahn holding that
Murphy, though a smaller man than Hart, !
could do him in four rounds. Murphy was
modest and said he did not believe he could.
"Well, if you can't whip Hart, I can,' 1 stated
i Hahn, who never has mude much of hit as a ro
bust man.
"I don't believe it," answered Murphy, "for
I'm sure you couldn't stop me."
In another few minutes the two principals
accompanied with big, good-natured Joe Ward,
then city editor of the Examiner, dropped in
on Manager Seymour of the California Ciub on
Grant avenue. Charley Mitchell, the cham
pion ot England, since knocked out in three
rounds by Jim Corbett, was present and was j
Murphy's second, Seymour acting in a like
capacity lor Hiilin.
The battle was fierce while it lasted. The
contestants did more execution in two rounds
than the ordinary pugi! ist would In ten, hut
not a single blow landed on a vital spot. I
Whether cleverness in getting away from pun- j
ishment was pre-eminent or that the fighters ,
closed their eyes and sawed the air will never '
be known. But they worked hard, and both
were satisfied to call the affair a draw, while
chewing cracked ice to keep down their rebel
lious stomachs.
These two gentlemen also were highly con
sidered as authorities on pugilism.
• * * *
Andy Lawrence once thought he could '
j handle his fists in pretty good shape and while j
on police duty one night in the old City Hall
invited a brother reporter across the street to
the upper floor of the Morgue. The gloves
were there and they went at it. The pace was
a bit hot ami both men tired quickly. Law
rence had not landed a single blow, but was
rather receiver general. Bony, no doubt, that
he had undertaken a bad job, any excuse
would have been, acceptable to quit the game.
At this moment, two employes of the Morgue
packed in a "receiver," one of those big coffin
shaped boxes used to pack away the unknown
j dead, and stood it up against the wall in
j Lawrence's corner. That, was his excuse for
quitting.
"Well, boys," he said, "this thing don't look
right, fighting here in the Morgue with coffins
and the dead all around us. Let us be decent
and stop. We can have it out at the club to
morrow."
Lawrence has never put on the mittens since
that night, and he rather preiers talking poli
tics than fighting.
There were two other newspaper men who
laid some claim to being connoisseurs in pugil
ism. E. Duprey, who has achieved some fame
in New York as a playwright, and Fred Klein,
brother of Klein, "the American."
Ituprey was quite a lad, smooth-faced and
not over 19 years old. He had just landed
here from Honolulu and worked for the old
Aitn.
In a discussion about fighters they came to
blows, were separated, and at midnight with a
dozen other newspaper men they made their
way to the observatory on Telegraph Hill. In
couples and in bunches of threes and fours
they reached there by different routes, believ
ing that they would attract less attention in
that way
NEW TO-DAY PHT GOODS.
I'olieetnan ililvy, however, who patrolled the
hill that night, became sus[iiious that a prize
fiK'it was to be had, and he guthered four other
officers from adjoining precincts.
At that time Tom C'eary and Costello the
"Buffalo" haa been booked for a prize-fight.
They were professional representatives of the
middle class in pugilism, and they had made
several attempts to come together in this City
and AlanuMla. Invariably the police had come
upon them and prevented the light, but it whs
well known mat eventually they would meet.
Riley believed that they were the ones to
fijrht that night on the hill, and while the bat
tle was raging the officers jumped in and ar
rested fourteen newspaper men, Including the
two principals. The latter greeted the police
with undisguised pleasure, as both were
pumped out and sick, but neither cared to
give in to the other.
*• * •
As to Cleary and Costello, they had their
meeting a week rater at 5 o'clock in the morn
ing in an old deserted theater in Oakland.
They, as well as the spectators, including some
of the wealthiest and best citizens of the State,
were arrested. The two principals were subse
quently sentenced to a year each in the peni
tentiary.
Couldn't Escape It,
Giblets— l near Growler threw up his old
job because he got the rheumatism.
Joblots— Yes. Afraid of getting a stiff
joint.
Giblets— Well, be got one, anyway.
Joblots — One what ?
Giblets— Stiff joint.
Joblots — How's that?
Giblets — He's superintendent of the
Morgue.
LIGHT TO PLAY MARBLES
Youngsters of North Beach Have
Some Fun These Dark
Nights.
They C ! itob Up Street- Lamps and
Burn Gas Regardless of City
Finances.
The small boys of North Beach have
solved the problem of lighting the City
without getting mixed up in calculations
or finances. In their own way it answers
their purpose perfectly, and besides they
talk among themselves of "satisfaction"
and "getting even" on the City fathers.
No doubt the embryo philosophers have
heard their fathers discussing the peculiar
manipulation of municipal coin that makes
it possible for San Francisco to submit to
darkness of two weeks, with the tax rate
2.25 per centum.
These iittle urchins, with a keen appre
ciation for all that is passing around them,
The Dark Secret and the Cathode Kay j
of North Beach.
have gathered on street corners and held
long debates UDon the situation. No lights
for playing marbles, strict orders to be al
1 home ea r lier than usual and sundry other
I annoyances from the darkness, all com
bined, were more than they could bear.
So in more than one part of trie Beach the
small boy has risen in his indignation and
?hed upon his district the light denied by
municipal managers.
An erroneous impression seems to pre-
I vail in the public mind that since there is
no money in the City treasury to pay for
street lights there is no gas in the lamps.
The North Beach youngsters made an in
vestigation with tt;e result that the popu
lar illusion was quickly dispelled.
One of their number surriptitiously
scrambled up a lamp-post, while the iittle
groups around urged bim on with
whispered words of encouragement. Pres
ently the acrobat was astride the cross
i arm* and he rested a moment. Then
i swish, went a match against his knee
breeches. His hand went through the
bottom of the lantern and quick as a flash
j the gas was blazing furiously. In the all
pervuding blackness of the ni ht that soli
: tary flame stood out as a very beacon of
1 fire that was seen and watched with curi
j osity for many a block. Very soon it
> seemed as if the first gleam of light was a
signal, for the lamps began to blaze from
hill to hill and other small boys were
: busy with matches at the expense of the
' gas company.
"How s that for a catoderay?" asked a
; gleeful youth as be pointed "at the light
; above him. ,
NEW TO-DAY.
I
Great Hit!
Last week's drive sale was a
■ great hit. hut we're ready* for •
another one. Lots of bargains
left — we'll always meet an ap-
preciative public half way. ■
Look at these:
Child's Cloth-top, patent tip, sprlnc heel,
button, sizes sto 7' and 910 ivy 2 (no '
BorB>^s). .This weeic only. , 1 75c
Ladies' Turkish Slippers, red, black and
' tan. This ween only ...' 350
215 pßirs Ladies' Kxtm Quality French
Kid Lace Oxfords, tip or plain toe. M-
sorted styles, sizes 2to 3 Vi, widths a.\.
a. B and c, worth $2 a pair. This week , /'JXC
only. ..•• -•• Uv>
$2 50 Ladies' Tan Kid Button. This week
only. • !$1.65
$2 50 Men's Russet, lace or congress. This
week only 91.85
$2 50 Men's Calf, lace or congress. This
week only '. — ..:..' — '.': . .50
82 00 Boys' Veal Calf, lace or button (same'
as proved such a seller last week) ..51. 15
Can't pay charges to country on
"Drives."'
Headquarters for Buckingham & Hecht's
Fine Shoes. Send for catalogue ; mailed free.
Kast/S
738-740 Market Street.
Buy direct from manufacturers and save 40%.
Aiilfl/ PK.DKSIALS, Mantels,
fIRIVV Tables.' Etc.
lira I A ll Clty fIaU s 'l«iare.
Ull I A : J. &F. KEBSKLISB.
2122
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier. . $0.1 5 ;
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00 ,
D_Uy and Sunday Cay.i., nix months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calx* three months by mail 1.60
Daily and Sunday Cam., one month, by mail.. .65 j
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50 j
Wkekly Call, one year, by mull 1.60 |
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you poinc to the country on a vacation? If
to. It Is no trouble for ns to forward THE CALL to j
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will .
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at j
Business Office will receive prompt attention. |
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE
"10 llarket Street,
San Francisco, California.
telephone., M.aln-18t»
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay (street.
Telephone Maln-1874 j
BRANCH OFFICES:
fiSO Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until ;
8:30 o'clock.
3M9 Hayes street; open until P:SO o'clock.
718 Uriel? street; open until 9:30 o'clock
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opeD j
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'cloclt
116 BtnUtStieet; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE : - j
80S Broadway. !
EASTERN OFFICE:
f.oomn 81 and 32, : ; 4 Park Row, New York Clt* j
DAVIi; M. FOIiTZ, Special Agent
gusTDAvT7rri JUNE 21, 1896
Irili CALL PEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM. PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
1 OK PRESIDES '
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio ;
FOB VICIM'KKSIDKNT-
GARRETI A. HOBART, of New Jersey
1 I.KCTION XOVEMBKR 3, 189 G.
.
!
•
\
j
'
\
,
'
;
!
j
\
i
j
Politics lulls a little. ,
Everybody is counting on prosperity.
Rest while you can, the campaign is
coming.
Joining Republican clubs has become
the popular fad.
Any old stump will do as a summer re
sort for the spell-binders.
If the Democrats are wise they will
nominate Teller and drop their free-trade
foolishness.
We all know who is to become the next
President of the United .States and we are
all satisfied.
gDemocracy can easily overthrow Cleve
land, but it will have a hard time freeing
itself from his bonds.
Patriotism, protection and prosperity is
a tune which silver and gold Republicans
can sing in harmony.
Santa Cruz has added a new glory to the
fame of Venetian festivals and has a right
to be proud of herself.
Of the senior class of Yale ibis year IGO
are Republicans and only lifty-three Demo
crats. So goes the country.
Have The Call sent to you at your sum
mer home ana you will know what is
going on at all the summer resorts.
If you wish all the news of all parties
fairly and impartially reported during the
campaign, you must take The Call.
To Boies ami to Bland the silver voice of
Teller in his grandstand play sounded
strangely like the screech of a buzzsaw.
•
Nobody wishes Chicago to hold a con
vention, but it seems there must always
be something to run against the popular
will. ,
The ratification meetings were like the
opening of champagne in the way they
sparkled and overflowed in exuberant en
thusiasm.
There Will be an exultant outburst of
patriotism on the Fourth of July. The
hearts of the people are swelling with rap
turous Americanism this year.
Between now and election day there will
be plenty of time for the silver States to
get back into the Republican ranks and
swell the strong chorus of protection and
prosperity.
From the appearance of the organized
clubs at the ratification meeting, it is evi
dent the Republicans of this City are al
ready prepared for the campaign and eager
for the fray. '
The Easternvgoldbug who said the Gov
ernment of this country will never be run
as a Wild West show will please take no
tice that after this administration is over
it will also never be run as a New York
bunko game.
The thing which Boies has launched
may not be exactly a boom, but it is so
much like one that all other Democratic
Presidential aspirants ara trying to punc
ture it with a crowbar.
It is reported that a group picture has
just been ta&en of Cleveland and his Cabi
net, but how the artist ever succeeded in
getting anything more than a negative out
of the gang is not explained.
The Republican party and its candidates
are pledged to promote international bi
metallism, and in that pledge the people
will trust far more than in all the wild
promises of Democrats and Populists.
McKinley ba« ever been an earnest
champion of womanhood, and, as a conse
quence, his personal popularity is felt not
in politics only, but in every American
home where a true woman lives to honor
true mannood.
The great mistake committed by the
people of this country was in not refer
ring the money question to the universi
ties during the commencement season and
getting it settled by the graduates before
the campaign began.
There has been discovered a colored poli
tician in the South who has figured out
that the talk about 1G to 1 on the money
question means $16 for the white man and
$1 for the brother in black. He is against
the proposition and wants the existing
standard.
In the West there are only four political
parties in the country, but in the East in
addition to Republicans, Democrats, Pop
ulists and Prohibitionists there is a Social
ist party, which i 3 to hold a National Con
vention in New York on the Fourth of
July. It is but a small; party, but in a
closely contested election it may count in
4ho game, • c i\-'-. ...... ,
CALIFORNIA ALL EIGHT.
The demonstration made at the ratihea
! lion meeting in this City last night puts
an end to any doubt that may have been
' felt ns to the feeling of Republicans toward
: the H. Louis ticket. From the assembly
within the hall and from the crowds with
out that cheered the parading clubs, there
: ! came ai? unbroken and spontaneous mani
i fesiation of enthusiasm. Veteran Repub
i I licans and new converts vied with one an
-1 i other in swelling the cnorus for protection
' and prosperity and in attesting the eager
i ness with which they await the coming
i I of election day, when, by their ballots,
1 I they can overthrow all the factions of free
■trade by an overwhelming vote for Mc-
Kinley and Hobart.
Much of the enthusiasm of the large
audience within the Pavilion was undoubt
! edly due to the eloquence of the orators.
; Though none of them spoke at any length,
each managed in a few well-chosen sen
tences to express some great principle of
the party or to give utterance to some
patriotic sentiment that now animates the
popular mind. A marked characteristic
| of all the speeches was the fervor that in
j fused them with the spirit of genuine sin
i cerity. It was no brilliant display of
; sparkling rhetoric that roused the listeners
to cive their feelings voice in loud and
prolonged cheering. It was the power of
! tmtn proclaimed to men who know the
j truth and who are resolved to support it.
All the oratory of the evening rang with a
vital Americanism and it was the mighty
spirit of Americanism that echoed back in
shouts of battle and victory.
Potent, however, as was the oratory of
the mass-meeting it was not wholly the
i cause of the enthusiasm of the occasion.
The crowds which cheered the parades
along the street had no orators to excite
i them, no eloquence to arouse them, and
| yet they manifested along the whole line
' of march an enthusiasm hardly less than
i that which swelled so tumultuously
throufiU t lie Pavilion. Every banner
i which bore the names of McKinley and
Hobart or some legend expressing the
, deathless principles of the party was
1 greeted with applause. Over and over
again was it made clear that in this cam
! paign the Republican party represents the
great heart of the American people, and
| that there is now a mighty popular uprising
j for the statesmen who stand for patriot
ism, protection and prosperity.
Iteports that came to us from other lo
! calities show that an equal enthusiasm
: was manifest at all the ratification meet
ings throughout the State. There will be
no weakening in California Republicanism
this year. Everywhere it was found that
! old members of the party are as loyal as
ever and the new converts are full of
, ardor. There will be no lack anywhere of
eloquent orators to proclaim the far-reach
: ing principles of the party, nor any lacK
! of supporters to pledge an unfaltering
' loyalty. It is as certain as any future
event can be that California will take her
• stand this year among the strong Repub
lican States of the Union, and will give
I such proof of her devotion to that system
; of government for which the Republican
party stands that her name will never be
written again among those whose votes
are doubtful on any issue of patriotism or
of true Americanism.
THE PHILOSOPHY OF PROTECTION
There is a scientific and economic value
to the operation of the existing tariff act,
but unless we profit by what it teaches we
shall be not belter circumstanced. 'We
leain geology the morning after the earth
quake," says Emerson. AVhat is true ot
geology is true of economics. It is in the
wreck and ruin (if overthrown commerce
and industry that we must look for the
cause of disaster, but if we do not read
the lesson aright— if we do not correctly
follow the effect back to the cause and as
certain wnere we have acted without judg
ment and understanding— we still grope
in political darkness. It was not intended
by the authors of the present tariff law
that it should injure the people. The
principles of ail rolitical parties are right
in the abstract, for they mean the betier
ment of the people. It is the policy or
way of giving them practical and active
foice in operation that works good or
harm.
The principles of the Wilson-Gorman
act are in perfect accord with the objects
the founders of the Government had in
view— that is, the advancement of the peo
ple in all ways that are calculated to
further secure to them personal liberty
and the largest possible returns upon
effort honorably expended. But the pol
icy which the Democratic party adopted
to reach the desired end was faulty
throughout, and hence in operation the
principles of our Government failed to
give the people the proper degree of pro
tection at some points and gave them too
much at other point 3, and at both points
' and between them the commerce and the
! industries of the people were, consequently,
i greatly weakened; and not only so, but at
i best the act could not produce enough
, revenue to supply the needs of the Gov
| ernment's expense account. Thus, while
the principles of the Democratic party as
to custom-house levies upon merchandise
imports are correct, tbe party's applica
tions of them are seriously harmful. It is
only fair to assume that it was not mali
cious intent but inability to comprehend
an economic problem so complex in its
relation to the diversified interests of the
country as is the tariff question that
plunged the nation into such a whirlpool
of commercial disaster.
The policy of the Democratic party has
created or caused an earthquake of great
dimensions in the world of business, and
I we know the cause of it. If we shall
profit by the lesson which the scattered
i rocks teach, there will be no more up
! heavals of that kind. Tbe danger which
. free trade would subject the country to is
' well known, and we know how to avoid it,
I but quite as much harm would confront
' the people were unjust and discriminating
tariff laws to prevail. It may sound para-
doxical to say that for the most part tbe
nation must look to taxes upon importa
tions to support the Government, and at
the same time prevent by high tariff laws
imported merchandise coming in compe-
tition with our manufacturers, but it is
not paradoxical, for nothing of the kind is
contemplated. A protective tariff has
many duties to perform. In the first
place, it must be so shaped that it will
prevent the formation of trusts nnd
monopolies. That could not be done
under a tariff that was prohibitory.
In the next place it must protect our in
dustries up to where our industrial wage
men are secure in constant employment at
wages which enable them to have a rea
sonable balance, it they will, on every pay
day alter liquidating their debts contracted
meanwhile for a comfortable living. The
industrial plant must be protected up to
where it is amply compensated for thecap-
I ital invested in it and for all expenditure,
\ direct and indirect, incurred by its opera
f tion. From that point on competition
i should be invited from every quarter.
! That would prevent the . formation of
I corners and the like to advance commod
; ities to abnormally high prices, for the out
j side manufacturer would stand ready to
supply the people at former prices. It a
, 4ruat should attempt to .educe prices be-,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUJNJS 21, 1S I JG.
low what the foreign competitor could af
ford to sell for by cutting down the work
men's pay so as to lessen the cost of pro
duction the tariff should be immediately
adjusted to the basis of the reduction in
wages and thus completely^aestroy the
trust's power to rob consumers. Protec
tion that protects workiuamen up to where
good wages and steady employment is se
cured gives ample protection to every busi
ness enterprise of whatever nature and
kind. This is the philosophy of true pro
tection.
THE DEMOCRATIC TANGLE.
In postponing his visit to Europe and
becoming a delegate to the Chicago con
vention William C. Whitney adds interest
and further complicates the situation in
the Democratic fold. Mr. Whitney was
reluctant to forego the pleasure of a romp
over the old country, but now that he has
agreed to stay and participate in the row
that is booked for the convention a very
lively fight for the gold standard may be
expected. Mr. Whitney would not have
taken the course he has were it not in
obedience to the wishes of the gold wing of
the party. He will be the leader of his
side in the convention, and it will be Mr.
Whitney who will blow the retreat call if
it shall be necessary for the goldites to
abandon the field. But Mr. Whitney is
not the kind of a man to run from shadows,
nor will any half-way pounding make him
quit fighting. He will be on the floor of
the convention as the attorney-general
and general-in-chief of the sound-money
delegates, and if his side is defeated it will
be after his ammunition box is empty.
And there is no doubt in the world that
he will advise the party against support
ing the candidate if a free-silver man is
nominated.
The silver wing is in more trouble than
ever. Many of the leaders of that side
have been using Teller to reach the hearts
of silver Republicans, even to the extent
of suggesting that if the Colorado silver
champion would bolt the St. Louis con
vention he should have the Chicago nom
ination. Teller has bolted his party, and
his l'riends say he is now ready to accept
the Democratic nomination on a free
silver platform, and therein he has played
the mischief. The silver Democrats were
never sincere, but simply playing Teller
to disrupt the Republican party. The
scheme has worked badly, for in playing
Teller they have convinced him that he is
really the first choice of the silver Demo
crats, which he is not. Boies is angry at
Teller's ambition to capture the conven
tion, and Bland is fairly frothing at the
mouth because of Teller's intrigue. Trans
portation to Chicago has been secured for j
1000 Colorado Republican and Democratic I
pilverites to "yell for Teller," and other j
States are preparing to do the same thing.
Boies, Bland and Teller each have an at
torney pleading with Altgeld for the Illi
nois delegation, and, in fact, that is being
done all over the country.
With Whitney getting ready to advise
gold-standard Democrats to go over to
McKinley if silver wins in the convention;
with a prominent Republican pleading for
the Democratic nomination ; with an ex-
Republican, Boies, protesting that his
Democracy is silver-lined, and that by
reason of carrying lowa for Governor |
against the Prohibitionists his claims are
good enough, and witn Bland on his knees
oegging the party of his youth and of ■
his old age not to turn him down for the j
Io»a mugwump or the Colorado Republi- |
can, a spectacle is presented the like of [
wtiich was never before born of politics". :
And what make; the comedy all the more j
ridiculous is that there is not one chance i
in a million that the Chicago nominee will
be elected, no matter who he may be. !
Mr. McKinley should feel highly compli- j
mented when so many men are fighting ]
to be kicked into outer darkness by his |
high-heel patriotism, protection and pros- j
perity boot. Mr. Whitney, however, is j
deserving great credit for giving up his ;
trip abroad to steer sensible Democrats i
into the McKinley camp. He will have'
his reward in seeing a marvelously pros
perous country when he returns from j
Europe next year.
A MISTAKEN PHILOSOPHER.
Cbarle9 Macklin thought he proclaimed
a wonderful philosophy when lie said,
"Every tnb must stand upon it 9 own bot
tom."' Here is the doctrine of greed and
selfishness; besides, the proposition rests
upon a lalse basis. A tub is of many
parts, and each part in dependent upon
every other part. Otherwise there would
be no tub at all. Moreover the bottom
must be Deholden-to something foreign to
itself to stand upon, but which is a part of
a whole of which the tub is another part.
"When a man likens himself to a tub in the
sense that the tub stands upon its own
bottom he writes himself down a ninny.
The basis of individual existence is co
partnership and interdependence. One
tan do nothing at ail independent of men
tal or physical co-operating agencies. A
tub may stand upon its own bottom. In
fact it has to, and to the extent that it
can stand on its own bottom it is an in
dividual entity, but its own individuality
is contingent upon other individualities,
and were they to disappear the tub would
go into nothingness, too.
Standing upon its own bottom is the
twin brother to "I shall paddle my own
canoe," and in the last analysis is found
the personification of viciousness, greed,
avarice and heartlessness in the man who
secretly rejoices that his neighbors store
is burning down and himself killed that he
may secure his customer*. Philosopher
Macklin may have found humanity stand
ing "every tub upon its own bottom" in
his day— 2so years ago — but times, morals
and methods have changed since then,
thanks be to a better civilization than the
mind of Macklin could conceive of.
THE PERSONAL FACTOR.
..-..
Among the potent causes of the personal
popularity of William McKinley is the in
fluence exerted by his noble manhood—
his pure and unblemished character, sus
tained by the record of an honorable life.
He is esteemed by the people as the cham
pion of protection, honored as a brave sol
dier of the war for the Union, but his
strongest hold upon the popular heart is
that he personifies tbat sterling manhood
which is the strength and the glory of the
Republic.
One of the marked features of McKin
ley's career has been his devotion to bis
aged mother, to his invalid wife and to the
cause of womanhood everywhere. His
lender care of mother and wife has par
taken too much of the sacred privacy of
borne life to be noted to any great extent,
and yet the mothers and wives of the land
have not overlooked it nor failed to Honor
it. What he has done for the general
cause of womanhood, however, is widely
known. He has not sustained that cause
in the abstract only. Many times be has
appeared as the champion ot individual
women, and bas succeeded in obtaining
for them the rights and equities of which
they were being unjustly deprived.
The New York Mail oiui Erprest records
of him that he was among the lir.it states
men in Ohio to advocate a change in the
old statutes which made a married woman
■little more, than tbe _la?e of her iiusband
; a«d made him the owner of her property,
j even to the clothes on her back. In Ohio
I and the District of Columbia he success
| fully maintained the principle that women
employed in the public service should
have equal pay with men for equal work.
He repeatedly fought and defeated at
tempts to reduce the salaries of women in
j Government offices under the specious
i guise of economy; and, in short, as the
j Muil and Express says: "As Governor and
Congressman, as writer and speaker, he
has always identified himself cordially
i with the woman's cause, and not once,
but hundreds of times, has shown himself
to be a Chevalier Bayard in his attitude
and conduct toward the other sex."
This chivalrous attitude toward woman
is the outcome of a life wholly chivalrous
in every respect. It is to the influence ex
erted by this purity of life and nobility of
conduct that he owes a large measure of
thai honor which is given him in every
American home. Many who disagree
with him in politics are drawn to him by
their esteem for his personal worth. This
influence is sure to be felt onring the can
vass, and will add many votes to the sum of
tnose cast for the champion of protection.
The people will see in him the type and
living exemplar of the manhood America
Honors, and will be proud to raise him to
the highest station in the land.
TAKE A REST.
These are not the melancholy days
which the muse inspired Bryant to sing
of. It does not always take "naked woods
and meadows brown and sear" to make
one's day melancholy. Every day is
melancholy to him who needs rest aDd re
creation. Fierce and roaring winds, steep
up-hill climbing and the darkness of the
cavern are helpful diversions from the
treadmill of everyday duties, and every
one owes it to himself to recreate his
physical and mental self occasionally that
he may be the better able to hew out the
way which destiny has marked out for
him.
Every business man especially should
mariage to keep a reserve force on hand.
In this day ana generation the tendency is
to make exhaustive efforts in the activities
of money-gathering, utterly disregarding
the law of one's being. It Is often the case
that a man will lay out work, which will
lead him, as he well knows, to encroach
upon his mental and physical force, even
to the exclusion of an hour during the day
for recreation. This is a great mistake.
One should not keep himself so exhausted
that if sickness comes or an accident befall
him he will find himself lacking in reserve
strength to recover speedily, if at all. It
is not good business sense to "push busi
ness" to the uttermost limit of endurance.
A man should not neglect his business,
but he does not neglect it when he Is re
newing his strength. But God have pity
on the family of the man who is always
tired— who feels that he should "rest" all
the time. The professional loafer is an
abomination and should not cumber the
community. Life is a race and every man
who labors mentally or physically, or
both, is engaged in a Jong race which is
necessarily a test of endurance, and there
are times when extraordinary strain is de
manded of him. If there be no reserve
force his ability to meet the requirements
of the extra demand will be unequal to it.
It is the reserve power that tells in pro
longed business conflicts, and he who has
already exhausted himself when the
supreme struggle comes— when he must
watch and pray all night and all day, so
to speak— he fails ana falls by the wayside.
Such a man keeps his strength so ex
pended that he cannot carry a single
added burden. He succumbs to things
that he might have easily resisted if he
had husbanded his resources. A man
should never wind himself up as if he
were a mere clock. It is highly advan
tageous, of course, to spend a month once
a year in the mountains or on the ocean,
but in one month one cannot recreate his
energies enough to last him eleven
months in the restless, anxious and push
ing activities of commercial or profes
sional life. He shoula take a "day off"
very often. At leust he should take a day
for recreation whenever he feels that he is
losing interest in his affairs, for his mel
ancholy days have come, and they have
come to stay unless he defies them by
taking a rest.
SATISFACTION.
OU, Smitu he is - sltverlte,
While Jones lie is for gold.
The reasons why they're thus and no
I begged tbeui to unfold.
Tor half a day i.o:li Smith and Jones
They talkeii with nil their might—
Joneg sword that Smith, was off, »nd Smith
Tbat Jones was foolish quite.
Die satisfaction from the twain
It meager was and cold —
'Twas simply: Smith for silver Is,
And Jones, he is for goid. \V. M.
SCORED HEAVILY.
Gilroy Gazette.
The Call scored heavily on its contempo
raries this morning by sending n special train,
reaching here at 6:30. Bally for The Call.
Shoririrtge is largely iv it when enterprise is
required.
A PHENOMENAL RUN.
Keoord-UnlOD.
The Sax Fraxcibco Call was brought to tins
city yesterday morning by special train, the
run tji-imr a pbenomeual one. The train left
the Oakland mole at '2:40 a. m. and reached
here at 4:25. No stops were made. Charley
Shortridge was the happiest man in town, for
he had beaten the Examiner special by an hour
and a half.
PERSONS OF PROMINENCE.
The royal housekeeper at Hampton Court
gets $550 a year with apartments and substan
tial perquisites.
Princess Henry of Battenberg is said to favor
a suggestion of restoring the rooms over the
gateway to Cari.sbrook Castle to make them a
museum and monument room, as a memorial
to her husband.
Pierre Loii is said to spend more of his time
before the camera than any man in Europe,
except Kaiser Wilhelm and the Prince of
Wales. He has a mania for being photo
graphed iv fancy costumes.
Adjutant-General H. A. Axline of Ohio, who
is on Governor Bushnell's staff, has a hobby
for inventing new uniforms, and, as he is
wealthy, is able to gratify his taste. He is an
authority on tactics for staff ollicers.
Baroness Burdett-Coutts has restored to Cor
sica the mortal remains of the island's great
patriot, Paoli. They had rested for over a
century ifi old St. Pancras Churchyard at Lon
don. The bones of King Theodore of Corsica
are still iv the unpicturesque cemetery of St.
Anne's, Soho.
The powerful individuality of Big. Crispi
throws him into strong relief against the mass
of politicians in modern Italy. "Are you a
Mazzinian?" was asked of the statesman.
"No," he replied. "Are you a Garibaldian?"
"No," he again replied. "Then whut are you?"
"I am Crispi."
For the first time in the history o£ the State
a woman is holding a State office in Maryland.
Mrs. Anna B. Jeffers of Annapolis has been
appointed State Librarian. She is tbe daughter
of a late gallant officer of high rank in the
navy, a lady of much personal popularity, and
will doubtless make as excellent a State Libra
rian as those of Kentucky, Michigan and other
States in which this office has come to be re
garded as one which women are peculiarly
Adapted to lili,
PERSONAL.
Dr. J. \V. Paul of Santa Clara is a late arrival
at the Russ.
Bruce Waring of Honolulu is at the Lick
with his wife.
Judge Ansel Smith of Stockton is a late ar
rival at the Grand.
J. B. Pleads, a hotel man of Stoctton, Is a
guest at the Palace.
J. B. Richardson, an orchardist of Suisun, is
rooming at the Grand.
F« Strahlc, the Yokohama merchant, is at
the Palace with his wife.
BSherifl H. L. Boreuard of Bakersfield is at
the Russ on a business trip.
H. O. Johnson and wife of San Luis Obispo
are guests at the Occidental.
R. L. Peeler, a gubernatorial attache, is at
the California from Sacramento.
W. D. Tobey, a mining man of Carson, N'ev.,
is at the Palace with Mrs. Tobey.
William H. Taylor, a mining man of Glen
dale, Or., has a room at the Palace.
W. H. Waddington, a professional man from
Los Angeles, is a guest at the Russ.
Commodore W. H. Skerrett is a guest at the
Lick and is registered from Vallejo.
Charles H. Skldmore of New York is now at
the Palace on a brief business visit.
B. W. Clark of Santa Cruz is in town for a
few days. He has a room at the Russ.
Ex-Governor R. K. Colcord of Nevada is at
the Palace registered from Carson City.
W. A. Dwight, a journalist of Portland, Or.,
is registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
H. S. Chapman and wife of Taylor Mill are
among the latest arrivals at the Baldwin.
Isaac Wright and wife of Winters arrived at
the Palace last night on their bridal trip.
A. Braly of San Diego arrived at the Grand
last night with his wife and two children.
Savin Lissa, a Butte mining man, is down
from Montana and has a room at the Russ.
S. H. McCrea, a wealthy citizen of Chicago, is
at the Baldwin, with his wife and two children.
R. L. Myers, a prominent business man of
Elkhart, Jud., is a guest at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
W. A. Sattley, an extensive merchant in
Chicago, is among ths recent arrivals at the
Palace.
John M. Wilson, the owner of large dairies
and creameries at Stockton, is at the Russ with
his wile.
Captain O'Connell, V. S. A., Mrs. O'Connell
and Miss O'Conneil are recent arrivals at the
California.
K. J. Iwanishi, a Japanese traveler, was
among the Rio's passengers yesterday. He is
at the Palace.
W. J. Galbraith, M.D., chief surgeon of the
Union Pacific Railway, whose home is in Oma
ha, is visiting this City.
Daniel E. Hayes of Folsom, a member of the
foundry firm of Hinckley, Spiers & Hayes, is a
guest at the Occidental.
J. G. Day Jr., a contractor of Cascade
Locks, Or., ha 9 returned to the Palace after a
few days in the country.
Among the latest arrivals s.t the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel are J. F. Bloodgood and wife, promi
nent residents of Los Olivos, Cal.
Alf Herbert and R. Degautin, two Parisians on
a tour of the world, are at the Occidental, hav
ing arrived from the Orient yesterday.
I. K. Fisher of Santa Barbara, formerly an
extensive cattle-dealer and rancher there and
a prominent citizen, is at the Occidental.
George B. Hunt, son of American Consul
Hunt at Ilongkone, arrived on the Rio yester
day from the Orient, and toot a room at the
Occidental.
Dr. K. D. Colemau and F. D. Colcman Jr., of
Portland, Me., have arrived in the City on a
pleasure trip and are registered at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
N. H. Foster, the assistant manager of the
Southern Pacific Company's Pacific Coast Divi
sion, left for his old home in Connecticut with
his family last night.
Among the Rio's passengers that went to the
Occidental after landing last evening were A.
L. Jackson, G. S. Harris, 1). B. Young, S. 11.
Edwards and V. Adey— all qf London, Eng
land.
Dr. E. Rndel of Deli, Sumatra, was a passen
ger on the Rio yesterday. He is a German
I'hysteian on his way to i'aris foraslx months'
nay after a residence of eight years on the Is
land of Sumatra. Dr. Itudel is at the Occi
dental.
Among the latest arrivals at the California
are three young bachelor members of the
faculty of Stanford University— Professor R. E.
AUardiceof the department of mathematics.
Dr. 11. C. Myers and Instructor L. W. Young of
the department of chemistry.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
N KUYORK, N. V., June 20.— At the West
minster, K. R. Chase; Stuart, J.W.Raphael;
Huffman, K. Abramson; Metropolitan, A. Car
penter, 0. Hover; Holland, Mrs. C. L. Fair, H.
Payot and wife; Ashland, H. P. Beckly; Marl
bcrough, E. and M. P. Wolf.
THE COST OF LIBERTY.
Kre dawns July, the busy boy
Improves each shining minute
To earn the cents to buy the bombs
That make him strictly in it.
Unthinking of July the fifth
lie boldly courts disaster.
To save him papa goes in debt
1 or drugs and sticking-plaster.
___ S. D. C.
PARTY CONVENTIONS.
New York Sun.
The Democratic and Republican National
conventions are participated in by substan
tially the same number of delegates, whose se
lection is based on the same method of repre
sentation—two delegates for each electoral
vote to which each State is entitled. The elec
toral vote of each State is fixed with equal
simplicity— one elector for each member of
Congress. There are forty-five States, and
therefore ninety Senators, and this ninety
multiplied by two gives a total of 180 dele
gates at large in each party convention.
There are 857 Representatives in Congress,
equivalent to a total of 714 delegates in Na
tional conventions, to correspond with the
number of Representatives— a grand total of
891. To this total, the same in both Demo
cratic and Republican conventions, there are
added by courtesy a number of delegates to
represent the Territories, which have no elec
toral votes. The same complimentary repre
sentation extends even to the District of
Columbia, the voters of which are not per
mitted by law to participate in Presidential
elections.
The basis of representation in Democratic
and Republican conventions is, therefore, sub
stantially the same; but here the similarity
between the two ends and the radical points
of difference begin. The first of these points
of difference is what is called the unit rule.'
Under Democratic theory the unit of repre
sentation in all American political affairs is
the &ta>e, and a State convention meeting to
elect delegates at large has the right to instruct
all the delegates from that State to vote as a
unit, subject to the will of the majority. For
instance, the State of Ohio has in a Demo
cratic National Convention forty-six votes.
Four of . these are chosen in the State of Ohio
at large (double the number of United States
Senators) and forty-two are chosen in the
several Congress districts, two in each. It
might happon, perhaps, that twenty-five of
the delegates from Ohio would favor the nom
ination of one candidate for the Presidency
and twenty-one that of another. Under Dem
ocratic usage the party at its State convention
in Ohio could instruct its delegates to vote as
a unit, and twenty-five would be able, there
fore, to cast the whole vote of the State—forty
six votes— in favor of the candidate whom the
twenty-five supported. The most flagrant and
conspicuous illustration of the working of this
rule occurred in the Democratic National Con
vention in Chicago in 1884, when the seventy
two delegates of New York were polled solid
for the nomination of Mr. Cleveland, though
the strongest opposition to his nomination
came lrom New York City Democrats. Even
those who denounced the nomination of Mr.
Cleveland were recorded in his favor. This
extract from the minutes of that convention
shows the exact state of the case :
Daniel Manning of New York— New York
votes seventy-two. ■
Mr. Grady of New York— l hold in my hand
the official tally of the vote of New York, 19 to
49. and 4 absent.
The Chair— chair is unable to recognize
as valid the challenge from the gentleman
from New York because New York voles under
the instruction of her convention as a unit
upon all questions.
The paradoxical result of the matter, In this
case, was that the Democrats who opposed Mr.
Cleveland were recorded as voting in favor of
him, and under the unit rule this proceeding
, was regular and parliamentary. The Republ£ ,
cans, accepting the Conjsre^s district, and not
the State, as the unit of representation, have
never recognized the unit rule, and the effort
made in the Chiciigo National Convention of
1880 to impose it upon the Kepublican party
in tho interest cf the nomination of General
Grant was voted down and has not since been
revived.
In ft Democratic National Convention the
two-thirds rule still prevails, and no Democrat
can be nominated who does not receive at least
two-thirds of the votes of all the delegates par
ticipating. The origin of this rule dates back
to the period of controversies between the
Northern and Southern Democrats, tbe latter
declaring that by the two-thirds rule they had
atleastaveto power upon the nomination by
the North, which was growing more rapidly
in population and the electorate than the
South, of any candidate decidly objectionable
to the Southern minority. There is no present
necessity for the Diainietiftnce of the two
thirds rule in Democratic conventions, but,
though abrogated in State conventions, it still
continues to be observed in National conven
tions, and though theoretically an iucum
brance to the rapid choice of candidates it has
not, iv practical operation, proved to be one.
certainly not for a Kreat many year*. The rule
of Republican National conventions is the
rule of a simple majority. The Republican
candidate for the Presidency whogets one vote
more than half the total number of delegates
gets the nomination, even though no falls
short of what the Democrats would consider a
required two-thirds.
LITTLE GIRL'S GUIMPE.
The guimpe is an important feature of a
little girl's summer wardrobe. The one shown
here is gathered to a waist, and drawn into
the neckband with gathers. The bishon
sleeves may be very long or may be drawn up
by means of a tape to form a shorter puff.
For wearing with dresses of wool guimpes of
batiste in the natural linen color are very
stylish. Embroidered batiste is used for very
dressy gowns. ■
Guimpes of soft silk, such as China surah or
foulard, are also used with wool dresses.
Plain white lawn, batiste, dimity, cambric,
etc., are ail pretty with trimming of narrow
Valenciennes lace or Hamburg embroidery.
For wear with white pique dresses pale 'yel
low, blue or pink dimity over batiste ".'ire
charming. Embroidered ruffles of the same
fabric make a dainty neck and waist trimming.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"And you say the girl in the story changed
color when she was accused? I don't find any
thing about that."
"Oh, the text says nothing of it, but you
will see that in the last previous illustration
she was heliotrope, and in the next following
she is ecru."
Thus were the pictorial and literary in art
advancing hand in hand.— Detroit Tribune.
Upturning from ber morning ride
With look of oue beatified.
She said, in tones of rhapsody,
"My wheel quite ran away with mc.»
Knthused by radiance of her eyes
Now flamed wiih glow of exercise,
With ardor I could 111 conceal
' I said: "Ah! who can blame the wheel?"
_ — Yonkers Gazette.
"Isn't it rather annoying for you to have
them both call on you at once?" asked her
dearest friend.
"So; perfectly delightful," said the young
woman with two devoted slaves. "You see,
dear, I seat one on each side of me."
"Well?"
"And there is such a delightfuj coolness be
tween them." ,
"Oh!"— Cincinnati Enquirer.
"If only my breast had a window,"
Ho sang to his sweetheart with zest:
But when the X ray was discovered
He bought him a bullet-proof vest.
—Chicago Record.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The Conclave— Several Readers, City. The
conclave of the Knights Templar was held in
this City during the month of August, 1883.
Bicycle on Trains— ll. G. L.. City.' Bicycles
are carried free on the North Pacific Coast and
San Francisco and North Pacific lines of cars
when the owner rides on the train.
Bank Check— W. F. M., Napa, Cal. a bank
check that has been cashed by the bank and
returned to the maker is no better evidence of
the payment ol a bill than is a receipt.
Date of a Collision— P. E. X., Colma, Cal.
The date of a collision between a south-bound
Southern Pacific train and a wagon filled with
picnickers crossing a track was the 13th of
July, 1890.
[ To Denver— Miss J. E. L., Eureka, Cal. The
lowest rate of fare to Denver, Colo., is the sec
ond-class ratf— There are tourist cars
that run to that point by the Union Pacific line
that leave this City every morning. For this
class the fare is $39.
To Vallkjo— 11., City. There are several
roads by which a person can drive fromSausa
lito to Vallejo. To reach the last named place
one would have to ride through Marin, So
noma and Solano counties, a somewhat round
about way of reaching a point that can be
reached in a very short time. , ■
Sixty-Six— E. S., City. Hoyle on the game of
sixty-six says: Hold the nine of trumps; do not
exchange it until the last moment, that the ad
versary maybe kept in tbe dark as to the posi
tion of the nine. If exchanging the turned-up
card completes a marriage in trumps the
player holding the nine and having the lead
would generally do right to exchange at once.
Incubation— A. S., Alameda, Cal. Boswell in
Poultry Yard says that to have esrgs productive
they must be subjected to an equable temper
ature of 96 degrees Fahrenheit during at least
three weeks. It is generally accepted that 104
degrees is the temperature tor artificial incu
bation. It has frequently been proved in in
cubators that hatching will take place at from
102 to 106 degrees. There will be no hatching
with temperature at 100 or below 95.
Santa Margarita— J. B. W., Oakland, Cal.
The advertisement from an English paper re
ferred to in your communication may relate
to one of those visionary schemes that have
lately been exposed. If it were all right it
looks very much as if the offer contained
therein is in violation of the contract labor
act. You can ascertain if such a company ex
ists by writing to John Whicher, County Clerk
of San Luis Obispo County, San Luis Obispo
the county seat. _ .'
t Convicts on Parole- W. F. M., Napa, Cal.
The law in relation to the pardon of convicts
was passed at the session of the Legislature
held in 1893. It provides that the prison
directors shall have th» power to estab
lish rules and regulations under which
any prisoner under a sentence other than
murder in the first or second degree, who may
have served one calendar year of the term for
which he was sentenced, may go on parole
outside of the buildings and inclosure while
on parole to remain in the legal custody of the
board, subject at any time to be taken back
within the inclosure. If a prisoner so paroled
shall leave the State without permission he
shall be held to be an escape and will be ar
rested as such.
■: ' ■- ; '• --■ * — — . • ■
K. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street ■
— • — ♦■ ' ■»
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.'
— * — «« — ■ ,
Special information daily to manntaeturan.
business houses and public men by the Praji
Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery. '
All classes and conditions of society will be
gratified to learn that Putzman & Schurman
have the exclusive coast agency of the famous
"Golden Gate l^ brand of Kentucky whisky.
Their Prussian Stomach Bitters cure all stom
ach and nervous troubles. 341 Pine, corner
Montgomery, telephone, red, 391. •
»■ • »
A Perniciou* Evil.
San Francisco News Letter.
The nickel-in-the-slot machines constitute
one of the most pernicious evils of the hour.
They awaken iv the young mind the gambling
instinct and are profitable only to their pro
prietors. The best way to get rid of them is to
tax them out of existence. Not until this is
done should parents feel that their children
are beyond temptation to acquire a habit
which may prove disastrous to them in after
years. _______________
.999 75 to Washington, D. C, and Re
turn.
The official excursion to the fifteenth annual
convention of tho Younir People's Society Chris
tian Kndeavorat \S'asliington. D. C, July 7, will
leave Los Angeles Monday, June 29. at -p.m.
and San Francisco Tuesday, June 30, at 7 a.m.
The route will be via the Central Pacific. Union
Pacific, Chicago and Northwestern, and Baltimore
and Ohio railways, and the excursion will be made
under the personal supervision of U. W. CantDbell,
president of tho California Christian Endeavor
Union, 18 Xorth Second Street. San Jose, and
William *-'■. Alexander, ex-president of the Call
forniaChrtstiiui Kndeavor C'nion/Jl North Fourth
street, San Jo.-ie. For further information and
reservation of berths app!y to either of the gentle
men or toD. W. Hitchcock, 1 Montgomery street,
San Francisco: C. K. Bray. 2 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco; G. F. Herr. U South Sprln?
street, Los Aneeles. or to any ticket agent of tha
Southern Pacific Company.
Official UnutP to Democratic National
Convention, Chicago.
The Central Pacific, Cnion Pacific and thirago
and North west. tii li V lia< » been selected as the of-
Cclal route of f<»r the California delegates to tha
Democratic National Convention at Chicago, open
initJulyV. BpeeUl rai*- for the round trip, only
?72 50. California to Chicago ami return. Tickets
on sale June 30 ami July 1.
The only line running rullman drawing-room
sleepers and dining-cars Sun Francisco to Chicago
daily without change, and free composite buffet
smoking and library car 3. Time to Chicago only
:-(i days.
Ticket ami s!efplns-car reservations at general
ticket office. No. 1 Montgomery street. D. W.
Hitchcock, general apent, San Francisco.
Low Rate* to Cleveland.
The Nobles of tlie Mystic .Shrine wili meet at
Cleveland, June 23 and 34.
For this occasion the ft A O. K. R. Co. will sell
tickets at reduced rates from all points on its linen
west of the Ohio Kiv. r, for all train* of June '2l
and 22, valid for return passage until June 25.
The fare from ChicaKO will f be $8 50 and corre
spondingly low rates from all o:her points. Ticket*
wlil also be on sale a: nil points throughout the
West.
The B. &O. is the only line running Pullman
Sleeping Cars between Chicago and Cleveland.
For full Information write to f- S. ALLEN, A.
G. P. A., Grand Central I'assenser Station, Chi
cago, 111.
Excursions to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
Ad excellent opportunity for seeing this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense is afforded
through the excursions to leave San Francisco
June 20 and July 1 over the Atlantic and Pacific
Kail road. F«re includes stage trip from Flagstaff,
meals en route and hotel expenses at Canyon, $75.
For full particulars rail on or address Thos.
Cook & son, excursion agents, 621 Market *tre*t.
under .Palace Hotel, or any agent Atlantic and
Pacific P.ailroad. H. V. Bush, assistant general
passenger agent, 6i Chronicle building, S. F.
Northern Pacific Kailroad.
Parties attending the Democratic National Con
rentiOD at Chicago, the Christian Endeavorers at
Washington and Nutional Kduca ional Associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern Pacific Railroad. For particulars inquire of
T. K. Stateler, Gen. Agt.. 638 Market St., S. F.
Use Dr. Biegert's Angostura Bittrrs to stimulate
the appetite and keep the digestivo organs in
order.
Feverisitnfss of the scalp soon causes bald
ness. Ayer's Hair Vigor cools and cleanses the
scalp and clothes it with beantv.
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Iruggists sell It at 25 cent*
"Be mine?'' cried the fairy prince.
"Yes," faltered the fairy princess.
And so they were married and divorced and
lived happily forever afterward.— Chicago
Dispatch.
NEW TO-DAT.
. SOLE AOENTS FOR THE
MAGGIONI KID GLOVES.
BATHINGSUITS
*r = / fl| m
jt?*/ ___MV__2*mCu_____l
W_p_k«3c* _K_l
"^ J l ' ___["*"" ____i*-~~^" • •
_ _. <s<|j_j - . _W
SEE OUR
NOBBY BATHING SUITS
FOR 1896
For ladies, Cents and Children.
THEY WILL INTEREST,
PLEASE AND SURPRISE YOU.
THEY LOOK WELL.
THEY WEAR WELL.
THEY GIVE PERFECT
SATISFACTION.
WE SHOW
Styles In Our Own Knit
Bathing Suits That Cannot . .
Be Seen Anywhere Else.
WE SHOW
EVERYTHING THAT A
SWIMMER WANTS FROM
CAP TO SHOES.
OUR PRICES
ARE THE LOWEST.
Ris- Send for Catalogue of Bathing Suits-mailed
Free.
See Examiner and Chronicle for Values in Oihei
Departments.
' Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON,
125, 127, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORE— 743 and 744 Market
; Street.
$ . "We will Leave it Entirely
/j~tL In your hands." If you purchase i
IW- Hebculks Gas or Gasoline Kn>
«<F M^»«iNE.andifitdoesnotdoallwesaj
w H . it will, you can re turn It at our ex.
tin your hands." you purchase i
HERCULKS GAB OR GA9OLINK XV
»fii-NB, -ad if it does notdo _U wesmj
it will, you can return it at our ex-
pensp. Send for Catalogue and Prlc«
W List to
■ American Type Founders" Co,
. J^» 405-407 Sansome Street,
San Francisco, C«|ANOTHER TALE
OF CALIFORNIA SOCIETY
BY A NATIVE
"The Quicksarvds of Pactolus," a Novtel.
Stories of California life are becoming nu- '
merous. We are rapidly acquiring quite a
presentable quantity of literature concerning
our men and women and the way we live here.
That the quality is not equal to the quantity
goes without saying. It is easier to produce
books than to beget genius. Nevertheless in
the later books on the subject there is a dis
tinct improvement in the quality of the ac
count given of our manners and morals. If
there is not more of genius there is at least
more of truth. Writers nave begun to study
California conditions seriously and are no
longer content to use them simply as a means
of displaying skill in the productions of sensa
tions or sarcasms. We have now quite a num
■ ncr of novels that aim to give a true account
of California society, and if they have not al
ways succeeded in making a vivid and life
like picture they have at least made something
• better than a caricature.
• . One of the best of these more serious studies
of California life is the newly published novel,
"The Quicksands of Pactolus," by Horace An
nesley Vachell, who is, we believe, himself a
Calif ornian. Certainly, he writes as one "to
the manner born," and if his story is not
holly satisfying as a work of art, it has at
least the merit of being sympathetic and of
showing a fair degree of appreciation of the
real manhood that is found even in those
classes of California people who have been
most often the subjects of ridicule or denun
ciation by facile scribblers who have thought
to >-how themselves cultured by mocking at
everything of the Western type.
The story, as may be inferred from the title,
deals with the temptations, the difficulties
and the dangers which surround those who
have acquired wealth too rapidly to acquire
at the same time an understanding 01 its
rightful uses and the fine art of fitly managing
it. In the stream of Pactolus there are quick
sands as well as sands of gold, and it not in
frequently happens that in getting the one
avaricious or ambitious men fall into the
other. That illustrations of such a theme can
be found many times repeated in California
society goes without saying, and there can be
no question, therefore, that both the tale and
the moral are' fairly enough characteristic to
be justly considered representative of Califor
nia life.
The defect of the book as a novel is the lack
of incident and the superabundance of con
versation. The characters describe themselves
and each other, and explain their motives in
an almost unbroken flow of talk from the first
chapter to the last. Very few scenes are de
picted actively as they happened. Nearly
everything is told by some personage in the
book narrating it to another. This excess of
dialogue or inouologue gives the book some
thing of dramatic lorm. but does not give it
dramatic vitality or intensity. In fact the
talk not infrequently drags, and the reader
would be glad of a change, even if it were
nothing more than a description of a mansion,
a ballroom or a bit of California scenery by
moonlight.
The merits of the book are the excellence of
the story itself as a series of events probable
in San Francisco, the variety of the characters
and their accuracy as types of California peo
ple, anti the absence of any attempt to repre
sent our millionaires. as vulgar parvenus, our
society girls as tomboys, and our average citi
lens as a gang of sandlotters. There is enough
of plot and circumstance in the story to incite
one to continue reading it despite the some
what wearisome talk and moralizings of some j
the characters, which after all can be easily !
■kipped. It is only fair, however, to add that
«!! •■conversations are not tedious: Some of \
them are interesting by the swing of an at
tractive style of saying things, and others have
in them the substance of truth concerning our
social and business leaders and are therefore
worth reading on that account-
The story is occupied mainly with the af
fairs of the family of Rufus Barrington, a
millionaire who lives in one of the palaces on
California Hill and who delights in the Dosses
lion of money mainly for the power it gives
him. Proud of his children, but too absorbed
in his ambitious schemes to give much atten
tion to them, he contents himself with being
liberal with his money on their behalf and
lets them have their own way. It is in fact a
part of his philosophy of life that young peo
ple should be independent. He regards it as
a true American principle, that each indi
vidual should stand for himself and "hoe his
own row." It is in the narration of the things
which the two sons and daughter of the mil
lionaire did in hoeing their own row, and the
mess that the daughter and one of the sons
made of it, that the story consists.
The hero of the story is the younger son. Dick
Harrington, who at the beginning of the book
comes home from Harvard animated by liter
ary ambitions and cultured up to a Boston
standard 01 morality, from which height he
presumes to look down with some condemna
tion upon the means and methods by which
his father manages to give other men experi
ence while he accumulates money. Given an
important position in his father's bank, he gets
an insight into the schemes of the old million
aire and finds them by no means in accordance
with Harvard ideas of what business ought
to be. •
In one instance Dick finds that his father,
while acting as the director of a railway com
pany, lets contracts to himself as a constructor
of the road and makes enormous profits out of
the jobs. This condition of affairs perplexes
Dick. "Father," he says, "I don't understand
about you being your own contractor. Can a
trustee make money out of his own trust?"
To this question, after some parrying, the
millionaire answers:
Ii Is not easy to explain. Yon would not under
stand or appreciate the motives which govern my
actions. You have not been through the mill.
You know nothing of what I have bad to contend
with. Good lord ! when I stop and think of what
I and my friends have done I am amazed. We
saved this country from secession! Without our
East-and-West road the conflicting interests of the
vait countries lying east and west of the Missouri
would have culminated In civil war. You may
smile, but I firmly believe it. Uncle Sam helped
us and it Is true that we made pots of money, but
we played for a big stake. We risked all we had
and our reward was commensurate/ .\ll said and
done, we saved the country. Looking back I can
sec nothing to regret. . In all my deals I have re
tained my self-respect. You can put this down as
a fRC: a ma. 1 who loses his self-respect can
hardly hop* to be successful. He must believe In
himself.
Mr. Harrington expanded his broad chest and
lit a clgnr.
Of course, he continued, I have told you again
■ml again that I do not pose as * philanthropist,
althougn I have done my share in that line, too.
But you mention the people. The people, as one
of my friends very properly said, is a damned
fool. ' You prate of tneir interests. Let
them look out for their interests. They wield
ail the power. They can confiscate every
cent we have if they choose to use th it power.
1 hey complain, of bribery and corruption, and
would fo at the responsibility 01:— say my shoul- !
ders. What rot! The responsibility naturally J
r«»(s with them. Let them beslu at the bottom
and punish heir gutter po'iticians. . No, no, my
dei-.r boy, > ok must consent at your age to take
r.r.ain things on trust. You must believe in me.
It will be conceded that these words are not
unfairly put into the mouth of a character in
tended to represent a type of the millionaires
of Fan Francisco. Nor is there anything else
written of Km us Barrington that could be
considered a caricature of either the manners
or the morals of some of the most eminent of
our self-made men and leaning citizens. Bar
rington's eldest son, Henry, and his son-in
law, Hector Desmond, are also fairly repre
sentative of the gilded youth of our native
sons. The one gives !.i:i -elf to speculation
and the other to di-: ; .on. Both come to
smash, but Henry is tav-.Hi from ruin by a bold
stroke of his brother Dick, while Hector goes
on his profligate way and is lost.
Helen Harrington will not be accounted a
picture of the typical or the ideal California
siri. There is nothing eccentric in her curve*
I nor gaudy in hor coloring. She is reckless,
puss.ionate, Independent of spirit and given to
hoeing her own row, but otherwise is not dif
ferent from the lay figures that serve for
women in most novels whether of East or
West. This character is one of the least satis
factory in the story, which by the way is not a
novelty in novels, for there are few writers in
I any country who can make a good lifelike pic
ture of a woman who is not conventional.
The moral of the story is mainly in the
j wrecked life of Helen. Not until that ruin
came, says the author, "did Mrs. Barrington
throw off those grosser vapors which had ob
j scured to long the light of a sweet, simple soul.
j Not till then did Rufus Barrington reap the
I harvest of his own sowing and realize that his
daughter's act was largely the logical conse
quence of her accumulation of his own
materialism and cynicism. The iconoclast
had broken many an idol and at last his own.
The lesson was learned and the inevitable
question followed— a question he was not pre
pared to answer: 'At whose door were these
i fruits to be laid?' "
The story cannot be rated as a strong work,
but it is full of promise. The author is evi
dently serious in his study of California life
and aims to picture the truth. He has done
enough in this book to encourage the expecta
tion that he will do much belter in another,
and give us a novel of San Francisco society that
the cultured people of California will not hesi
tate to recommend to the most futidiotu
critics of the East or of Europe. [Now York:
Henry Holt & Co.] John McNai ght.
The Care and Culture of Men.
Under the title of "The Care and Culture of
Men" President Jordan of Stanford has pub
l lished a volume containing a series of articles
! and addresses dealing with the general sub
! ject of higher education. The greater number
' and the more important of »he papers are ad
j dresses delivered before universityites, but
! some of them are treatises on various educa
| tional subjects which have been published
heretofore in magazines and reviews.
The scope of the series can be fairly esti-
I mated from the titles of the leading addresses
1 which are as follows: "The Value of Higher
; Education," "The Evolution of the College
i Curriculum," "The Nation's Need of Men,"
I "The Care and Culture of Men," "The Scholar
! in the Community," "The Scholar and the
I State," "The Higher Education of Women,"
"Science and the Colleges" and "The Proces
sion of Life."
The general tone of all these discourses is
j that of a scientific optimist." President Jor
! dan is not blind to the defects in our social
organism nor to the corruptions that manifest
: themselves in our politics. He points these
j out clearly again and again, in order to em
j phasize the need of better educated men to
the community. We have mire general in
telligenoe and less high intelligence, he says,
: than any other civilized people. The great
j need of America, therefore, is wise leaders.
.These, however, cannot come until the people
really desire them. We shall have such lead-
I ers when we seek men to represent our highest
j convictions and not merely our business mi
i terests. That such leaders will be sought for
: before long Dr. Jordan strongly maintains, for
as he says, to doubt it would be to despair of
the Republic.
His plea for higher education is not merely
that learning may be advanced, but that the
i advancement of learning may lead to purer
j manners and to nobler laws. These much-to
be-desired things he does not believe can be
attained through the efforts of the so-called
reformers. He is too firm a disciple of the
philosophy of evolution to expect that men
can be changed by a change of statutory enact
ments. He looks for the improvement in the
conditions of the Nation to come largely
through the influence of men of worth ani
culture,- and takes as the motto of his volume
I the saying of Emerson, "The best political
economy is the care and culture of men." This
text furnishes the theme for most of the arti
i cles in the volume, but there are several relat
| ing to the course of study pursued in our col
j leges and to questions of educational method
j that will be found almost equally interesting.
The volume is dedicated simply "To Jane
! Lathrop Stanford," and closes with a sonnet
j sufficiently significant of the author's mental
: attiude toward the world to be worth study in
i this connection:
1 know a castle In the heart of Spain,
Builded of stone as if to stand for aye,
With tile roof red against the azure sky;
For skies are bluest in ihe heart of Spain,
Bo fair a castle men build not again.
'Neath its broad arches, in its courtyard fair,
And through Its cloisters, open everywhere;
I wander as I will in sun or rain.
Its inmost secrets unto me are known
For mine the castle is. .Nor mine alone—
'Tis thine dear heart to have ana hold alway,
'Tis all the world's likewise as mine and thine,
For whoso passes through its gates shall say,
"I dwelt within this castle— it is mine."
The Under Side of Things.
Love affairs in West Point society take up
the greater part of Irillian Bell's new novel,
"The Under Side of Things," and her endeavor
seems to be, in a way, to picture society behind
j the scenes as well as in front of them; to de-
I scribe its pains and heartaches as well as its
! fleeting pleasures. Alice Copeland's father is
I a member 01 the board of visitors to West
; Point, and she accompanies him and her
! mother to the military post. There, Alice is
; admired and flattered by the elegant Senator
Cobb, and her mother is inclined to the idea
that a marriage with the Senator would be the
very making of Alice in the social world. But
there is a young artilleryman at West Point
named Gordon Councilman, who lays siege to
I Alice's heart, and there is a maiden named
Kate Vandevoort, who is the embodiment
<of wisdom and goodness,, whose in
fluence is given in Gordon's behalf, and
; whose aid brings victory to Gordon. M*s.
I Copeland, always disagreeable, strenuously
i objected to this match, but Alice and Gordon
I marry in spite of her. After a few years Alice's
happiness dies when Gordon loses his life
nursing his men during a yellow fever epi
! demic The story of her widowhood is pa
thetic. In one part of the story the author
I accounts for the adult sense of humor and the
j cynicism in certain children in the fact that
I "they had been parties from their babyhood to
the marital unhapplness of their father and
mother, and the constant companions of
clever but unwise grown people, who openly
discussed social problems before them in a
manner which could not fail of impressing the
dullest intellects." [New York: Harper &
Brothers. For sale by A. M. Robertson; price
i $1 25.]
Wessex Tales.
A fine new edition of Thomas Hardy's
j "Wessex Tales" has been received. Since I
I Hardy wrote "Tess of the DTrbervilles," the !
! demand for his earlier works has been lncreas-
I ing. There are six stories in the volume at
hand, and they are generally based on facts .
that came to the author's knowledge, fn j
i "An Imaginative Woman'" Mrs. Marchmill (
fell in love with Robert Trewe, a man she '■
never saw. Trewe died and Mrs. Marchmill i
mourned for him. After her death her hus
band found a resemblance between his young- |
est child end the photograph of Trewe; and,
believing his wife had been unfaithful, dis
carded the child. "The Withered Arm" rests I
on a most quaint superstition connected with j
witchcraft and a most horrible cure for the be- J
witched. In "Fellow Townsmen" is an oddchain j
of circumstances which operated to separate a ;
man ana woman during iheir livid, despite
the fact that they loved each other. "The
Distracted Preacher" was the Rev. Mr. Stock
dale, who went down into the West of England '
and fell in love with Lizzie Newberry. The :
result was, be broke the law and became a
smuggler. In these stories, especially in the j
last, which is the longest, the author finds !
much humor in the peasants and their cus- j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
W ORIQINAL DESIQfI FOR A JTOEpN J\JiJ fOSTER, By £ "GALL"
TEN MINUTES WITH THE POETS OF TO-DAY.
CIRCUMSTANCE.
Trusting a golden hour I set my sail
Where mellow winds prevail:
I was alone upon tne waters wide:
No dear companion nestled at my side:
stra-.e currents beat asainst my shallop frail;
1 could not stem the tide.
A hand invisible, but firm ani bold,
My fixed helm controlled:
On, on I driiteil to n t;!o«in<j land,
Wherein the air was fraugn. with odors bland;
The ripples slid in many a shining fold
Along the sloping sana.
IV-:ice made her nest within a sheltered bower;
The forests were larflower;
And there I heard a voice, with heart elate,
A winnin; voice, prophetic, like a rate—
A voice that blessed with mo the happy hour
That bore me to my mate.
Chaki.ks Warren Stoddard.
BALBOA.
• Balbon sailed a thousand leagues of sea,
I'ierreil forest depths and scaled the monntain
hieh.
With his small band, beneath a torrid sky;
j And whf-n alone he reached th>' summit, he
With hands uplifted anfi on bended knee.
Saw the Pacific sprt-ad before his eye.
His lips wave uttcranc to onf> glftd cry:
"In God's name, for Spain's king, do I claim thee!"
He was the highest typ« of pioneer:
He conquered obstacles by strength of will.
And though bes -t with difticuliirs, still
With a brave heart, he toil* d on without fear,
And having faith he won. Through well or ill.
Thus we must like Kalhoa persavere.
— Hkxky Coylk, in Orphan's Bouquet.
THE ALBATROSS.
Time cannot age thy sinews, nor the gale
Batter the network of ihv feathered mail,
Lone sentry of the fi< cp!
Among the crashing caverns of the storm,
With wing unlettered, lo ! tliy frigid form
Is whirlid in dreamless sleep!
I toms. "The Withered Arm," originally pub
lished in Blackwood's Magazine in 1888, is «c
-i knowledged a strong story, but it is, in addi-
I tion, a horrible one. [New York: 'Harper <fc :
i Brothers, puDlishers. For sale by A. M. Rob- j
j ertson; price $1 50.]
Th- S?a s of the M ghty.
The full title of this dramatic tale is "The
j Seats of the Mighty; Being the Memoirs of !
I Captain Robert Maray, Sometime an Officer in '
I the Virginia Regiment and Afterward of Am- ;
hirst's Regiment." The scene of the story is '
laid in Quebec at the time immediately pre- I
i ceding the capture of the great Canadian
i stronghold by the British. The author, Gll-
I bert Parker, has inserted some faithful histori- !
j cal elements, thereby giving more strength
; and vividness to his fiction. While a hostage
! among the French forces at Quebec Robert Mr
i ray falls in love with a French gentleman's
! daughter, Alixe Duvarney. He unfortunately
! gives offense to a high official of the city, who
, thereafter seeks an excuse to make Maray suf- j
fer. Suddenly the news of Braddock's defeat '
and death reaches Quebec along with some j
papers found on one of the prisoners written '
by Maruy and containing mucn information j
I concerning the fortress of Quebec. Captain <
Maray is therefore arrested as a spy and he •
undergoes long captivity. Alixe is faithful
through it all and when her lover's doom '■
', seems nigh she secretly weds him in prison
I and then plans his escape, together with that j
of other British captives. Maray and his com- i
! panions are just In time to join the attacking \
\ forces of General Wolfe and guide the Eng'ish
i forces up the heights to the Plains of Abraham. '
j After the victory over General Montcalni's
i forces Maray and his bride are reunited, the
; latter having been an inmate of a convent
; since her husband's disappearance. The book
I contains many thrilling incidents and en-
I clirids the reader's interest from beginning to
! end. The volume contains illustrations of peo
', p!e, places and events of the time to which the
j story relates. [New York: D. Appleton & Co.,
I publishers. For sale by Doxey ; price $1 50.]
Honor Ormthwaite.
j The author of "Lady Jean's Vagaries" has
i sketched a noble woman in the heroine of her
' now story, "Honor Ormthwaite." Honor Clay,
; separated from her worthless husband and
I leaving her baby with her cousin, Lydia At
kins, becomes a servant for a farmer's wife, j
Here she meets Gregory Ormtliwaite, a wealthy j
member of Parliament, who falls in love with
her. Her husband, Job Clay, is dead, and she
has been led to believe that her child also has
DMSed away. She marries Gregory and then
i Lydia comes to her to tell her that her child is
I alive. This thought preys upon her and in
I order to avoid disgracing Her husband, Honor
Where shall thy wins find rest for all Its might?
Where shall thy Udieos <ye, that scours the night
Crow blank in utter death?
When shall ihy thousand years have stripped thee
bare,
Invuinerabie spirit of the air,
Ana seal thy giant-breath T
Not till thy bosom hups the icy wave.
Not till thy iml.sied :init>s sink in that grave,
CaDKhl ny the shriekln: blast.
And hurled upon ; lie sta with broad wings locked,
On sn eternity of waters rocked.
Defiant to ihe last !
Chaki-ks Waukkn- Stoddard.
A GOSPEL OF AUTUMN.
Across these leaves of sold,
Under the autumn sun.
What soleiun gospels are unrolled l
I r> at 1 hem one by one.
Behola how small a bud,
lender, and frail, and brief,
But nourished by th« tree's sweet bloo-*
Is brought to perfect leaf!
Behold how frail a bough.
Its pliatile. slim frame
Quite stiffened wiih the frost, is now
In leafage, all aflame!
Lo! as the prophet heard
of ol<l. I clearly hear
From every burning bush t<od"s Word
Outspoken to mine ear!
Chaklks Waeres Stoddabd.
JUNE
The swelling bud of yesterday
The bluthlii£ rose is now;
Ami muslc-breathine mornings sway
The heart, from every bough.
Ob. it is well to hear June sing
Its praise abov — below,
While all the arching heavens ring
Ami lienrts ami waters gbtm
—James Kilky, In Orphan's Bouquet.
pays Lydia the money she demands to keep
the child as her own and preserve the
secret of its true relationship. Honor is
haunted by the feeling that she has done
a dee]) wrong. After much suffering on ac
count of the secret, Honor is made aware that
her husband knows about the chila in Lydia's
care. Then the child is brought to the Ormth
waite household, where the truth comes from
its own lips. Honor's babe had reiilly died in
its infancy and Lydia had imposed on her in
her heartless greed for gold. Thus the clouds
flit away and the last scene shows Sir Gregory
Ormthwaite and his fair lady a perfectly happy
and contented couple. [New York: Harper
& Brothers, publishers. For sale by A. M. Rob
ertson; price $I.]
Current History.
"Current History" begins its seventh year
with an unusually fine number of 250 pages.
As a handbook of information on all current
questions in politics, international relations,
science, etc., it is exceedingly valuable to
every one who wishes to post himself on any
topic. It is not confined in its review to United
States matters, but covers the world. The
present number (first quarter, 1896) opens with
an exhaustive account of the discovery of
X rays by Professor Rontgen. Among other
prominent topics exhaustively reviewed are
the near-Eastern and far-Eastern political sit
uations, the work of Congress, thq bond sale
tariff and reciprocity and the progress of sci
ence, art, education, music, dramu, religion.
There are sixty-five illustrations, portraits,
mitps, etc. [Buffalo, N. V. : Garretson, Cox &
Co., publishers; A. S. Johnson, Ph.D., editor;
$1 50 a year; single number, 40 cents.]
The Industrial Army
Fayette Stratton Giles is the author of a
book, "The Industrial Army," which discusses
certain proposed means of relieving and elim
inating poverty and crime. He remarks that
"these means. are intended to confer upon the
individual economic and locative freedom,
personal freedom and equality of opportunity,
and through these to achieve a higher civiliza
tion and a greater human happiness, conse
quent upon the proposed attainment of a
higher moral, mental and physical develop
ment of the individual." The author endeav
ors to show in detail that, without un
just or harmful curtailment of indi
vidual liberty or industrial freedom,
an equitable and attainable form of nn
nuity, or a co-operative savings fund,
nitty be devised and maintained by feasible and
just individual equivalents rendered, which
shall guarantee and furnish upon demand to
each acquitted member cf society, reasonable
material comforts during the term of his
natpsal life. "This end may be attained by a
COUNTRY MEETIN`-HOUSE
I want to go to meetin' once jlst like I used to do
At Salem, when the world was fresh an' earth
seemed bloomln' new;
I want to meet the plain old .folks 'at always gath-
ered there,
An' smelled the clover In the fields a-sweetenin'
all the air,
While hitched to shade trees and the fence the
lazy horses stood.
An' fur away the raincrow sent his warnln'
through :he wood;
I want ;o hear the only choir— the congregation—
sing
The so: ps as sweet as Miriam sung, 'at made the
welkin' ring!
I want to go to Salem once, an' stand around the
door.
A-shakm' hands with them whose hands I mnv
not grapple more.
I wonder If the Grifiln girls are still as fair as
t en—
>Vit!i eyes as blue as larkspurs wus »-growin' in
the glen?
1 wonder ef the roses grow out where my mother
sleeps,
An'ef the cricket through the night his lonely
vigil keeps?
An' woivd there rise, ef I was near, within my
memory's tar.
Her voice in such sweet tones as now I somehow
never hear?
I want to go to meetln' once among the well
known ways,
An' watch the brooklet smilln' back when sun
beam kiss its fare;
An' hear the winds where niggerheads »n' iron
weeds grow tall.
An' across the fields the orioles in meller'd voices
call!
An' then when nil Is said an' done, an' Death shall
whisper low.
I do not think I'd mind it much, but ruther long
to go
Ef near old Salem I could sleep— hushed sigh an'
laush an' prayer—
Though dead, right happy still to know that I was
sleepin' there!
—Memphis Commercial Appeal.
limited period of co-operative industrialism, to
be preceded by a preparatory modification of
Bi cialogical and economic conditions, in har
mony with liberty and justice." [New York:
Baker & Taylor, publishers ; 12mo, cloth, 175
pages; price $1 25.1
Godey's Magaz'ne.
The June number of "Godey's Magazine" is
full of good summer reading. It begins with
a vivid account of the annual snake dance of
the Moquis of Arizona, and among its other
features arej "The Beauty of Mary Stuart,"
an interesting comparison of the accounts and
pictures extant of the unhappy Queen of Scots;
and a critical article on "The Art of Julia Mar
lowe Taber," tte actress. These and the
fashion department have a particular attrac
tiveness to the fair sex. A fitting proportion of
fiction is given. "A Constantinople Abduc
tion," by Clarence Herbert New, and Leon
Mead's "The Belle of the Dinner," are particu
larly fine.
A New England Book.
Under the title "What They Say in New
England" Clifton Johnson has collected an in
teresting variety of signs, sayings and super
stitions which are or have been current in the
New England States. The volume was begun
with the idea of collecting for private enter
tainment the remnants of folk lore which are
in constant use in many New England house
holds. Not only was the number found to be
remarkable, bu\, according to the compiler,
the amount of belief still held in them is as
tonishing. While the majority of these say
ings have a foreign ancestry, they have been
changed materially in many instances by
being given a peculiarly local twist. For con
venience the matter is classified under numer
ous headings, such as money, luck, warts, tea
grounds, snakes, love and sentiment , weather,
etc., each of which is introduced by an appro
priate design. [Boston: L»e & S'nepard. For
sale by William Doxey; price $1 50. [
The Bound Century.
The half-yearly volume of the Century Maga
zine, just completed (November, 1895-April,
1896), i? a gem of beautifully executed typog
raphy and a veritable mine of good literature.
This last volume contains, in addition to many
other valuable features, a good installment of
Professor William M. Sloane's "Life of Napo
leon," bringing the reader down as late as the
failure of the Spanish campaign. This, as well
as the other valuable matter contained in the
Century, is richly illustrated. Some good verse
is k'.so presented to 'he notice of the reader.
[New York: The Century Company. For sale
by all bookstores.]
EXPERIMENTS
IN THE DEPARTMENT OF
AGRICULTURE
professor Hilgard's y\r\r\\ial Report.
One of the largest and most valuable
volumes, from a practical standpoint, issued
in California this year is Professor Hilgard's
recently published "Report of work of the ag
ricultural experiment stations of the Univer
sity of California." This illustrated book of
481 octavo pages is sent free to every citizen
of California who applies for it, and it repre
sents an enormous amount of energetic and
successful experimentation. The reviewer has
been told by many farmers, fruit-growers and
home-builders in various parts of California
that for their requirements these large annual
reports, edited, and in great part written, by
Professor Hilgard, are by far the most useful
volumes published in the State. Their repu
tation elsewhere is also very high, and deserv
edly so.
The present volume shows how wide a
range of work is being carried on, not only at
Berkeley and at the various experiment and
forestry stations, but all over California, nt
Farm Institutes and various other associa
tions of viticulturists, fruit-growers, dairymen
and farmers generally. This is a particularly
important side of the work and does much to
popularize the entire university and bring its
best men into closer relations with the people.
Regent Reinstein s recent suggestion that at
least fifty meetings should be held annually in
different parts of the State outlines a most de
sirable policy, and this volume well illustrates
the wealth of practical knowledge possessed
by Professor Hilgard and his staff of able asso
ciates.
In the volume under consideration li?tsof
the station-workers and of the courses in agri
culture offered by the university are iollowed
by Professor Hilgard's general review of the
work of the year, always an interesting re
sume, and quite essential to the full under
standing of the body of the book. Next comes
about 200 pages of reports from the agricul
tural aud viticultural laboratories at Berkeley.
It would be impossible to condense into a
paragraph the extent aud range.of this divi
sion, which must be of interest to many hun
dreds of land-owners, embracing as it does re
ports upon soils and waters from many dis
tricts not hitherto studied, studies upon alkali
and alkali soils, fertilization of land, foods,
fodder stuffs, sugar beets, California fruits,
canaigre, etc.
The second main division of the volume,
written by Professor Woodworth, is devoted to
entomology and plant diseases, nearly forty
pages in all. In these days, when there are so
many exaggerated and ignorant statements
put forth in this field, these simple, reliable
chapters are especially valuable to horticul
turists.
The third division, some thirty pages, con
tains a very timely paper on the preparation
of fruit specimens for exhibition, a paper on
the Russian thistle and a paper on timber
physics, the latter illustrating part of the for
estry work of the university.
The fourth division is devoted to the culture
work of the central station, the four sub-sta
tions and the two forestry stations. About 150
pages are occupied with these topics, which to
many readers will seem one of the most immedi
ately interesting portions of the volume. Every
line tells of hard, honest and useful work done
in this field by the entire staff, from the work
men and foremen of the outlying stations to
Professor Hileard and his colleagues at Berke
ley. Excellent business management, capable
and persistent experimentation, carefully in
teipreted results of value to every department
of agriculture are shown by these close
packed pages, upon the greenhouses and
central station grounds, the botanic
garden, the new plants of the year
(such as modiola and Australian salt bush) the
new vegetables and fruits, the routine and
special work at the various sub-stiuions. It
would be a good ihing for California if more
of these experiment mid forestry stntions cou.d
be establishea iv other 1 arts of the State where
the soil aud climate are widely different from
th ■ st-i and climate of any o! the stations now
in existence, It is very evident that every one
of these stations, while benefiting the whole
State, is of especial value to the district in
which it is situated.
Lack of space forbids further review of this,
report, which is a credit to the university. In
lact, we should be inclined to say that work of
this honest, capable sort has more than a local
significance, and is an honor to California and
the Pacific Coast, gaining recognition in scien
tific circles over the United States and Europe,
and doing a really invaluable service in mak
ing the resources of our State known abroad.
The indefatigable workers of the university's
agricultural department are packing their
successive annual reports so full of facts that
no land-owner can afford to be without them.
As we said at the beginning, tne books are
sent without charge to those who will use
them. Any farmer who has in his library the
entire series of State University Agricultural
Department bulletins and reports, and uses
them understanding^, will be greatly helped
in his business.
North American Review.
That standard magazine, the North Ameri
can Review, opens this month with a suggest
ive and practical article by Andrew Carnegie,
entitled "The Ship of State Adrift." The Hon.
I. C. Parker of Arkansas discusses forcibly the
topic, "How to Arrest the Increase of Homi
cides in America," while "The Outlook for Sil
ver' 1 is skillfully portrayed by no less an au
thority than Dr. Otto Arcndt, the acknowl
edged leader of German bimetallists. The
sixth and concluding installment of "The Fu
ture Life and the Condition of Man Therein,"
by the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone, is
contained in this number. Among the shorter
articles ably treated are: "The Loyal West,"
by Senator H. M. Teller of Colorado, and
"Other Presidents That Might Have Been," by
Joel Benton.
Poker Stories.
This readable volume is intended to give a
real insight into American character as re
vealed by the great American game. Every
body, whether a devotee of the game or not,
likes a good poker story, and each in this col
lection is a "gem." The stories have been col
lected and edited with the greatest discrimina
tion, and are admirably arranged under the
following chapter headings: "Stories Told of
Statesmen," "Mississippi River Stories,"
"Stories Told From the Effete East," "Stories
From the Wild and Woolly West," "Pacific
Coast Stories," "Stories of War Times," "Stor
ies of High Stakes," "Superstitions and Hoo
doos," "'Told at the Ananias Club," etc. Theie
is hardly a dull page in it from the preface
where tne author refers to the remark of
Tombstone Thomas, "that his partner was the
luckiest man he ever saw, as he once held five
aces and only got shot in the leg"— to the last
page of the volume, where it is told how Billy
Emerson, the minstrel, and friend of King
Kalakaua, used to say to his endman : ''When
will three aces beat four kings?" The endman
having given it up, he would explain that he
held the three aces, and against him were the
king of clubs, the king of diamonds, the king
of hearts and King Kalakaua. [New York:
Francis P. Harper, publisher; paper cover, 50
cents.]
LITERARY NOTES.
Plebiscites of the "best book" order do not
seem to appeal to the Russian mind. The
Westminster Gazette tells us that M. Lederle,
a Russian editor, recently sent out a circular
to some 2000 more or less eminent persons in
various walks of life, with the request that
ther should state the hundred authors whom
they most admired. Only eighty-six replies
were received, and of these fifteen were ex
planatory of their writer's refusal to comply
with the request. Here are some of the
figures: Pushkin 40, Turgeneif 37, Shakes
peare 33, Lermontof 32, Tolstoy 30, Gogol 28,
Goethe 26, Sir Walter Scott 24, Byron 19,
Homer 18, Dostoiefsky and Schiller 17, Heine
and Dante 13. The most interesting result of
the poll perhaps is the bracketing of M.Zola
along with Kant, Humboldt and Spinoza with
8 votes each.
H. A. Hinkson has finished a novel of life at
Trinity College. DuDlin. It is called "O'Grady
of Trinity," and will be published by Messrs,
Lawrence & Bullen of London. They also an
nounce a story by a lady writer, Miss Rossa.
The title is "An Unconventional Girl."
Probably the next volume in tb.e "Keynote
Series" will be that by the Hon. Mrs. Henni
ker, which she entitles "In Bcarlei and (in y."
The volume will include a story, "The Specter
of the Real," which was written in collabora
tion with Thomas Hardy.
George Horton, the United States Consul at
Athens, has written a historical story of
Greece, which Fisher Unwin will publish in
London, under the title, "Constantinc."
The late shocking disaster at Moscow has
given an immediate interest to the English
translation of M. Lebon's psychological study
of a crowd, which has been issued under the
title "The Mind of the Crowd."
Charles M. Harvey, associate editor of the
St. Louis Globe-Democrat, will publish in July
a book on the "Republican Convention, St.
Louis, July 16, 1896," with a complete history
of the Republican party and a survey of
National politics since the party's foundation,
etc., and illustrations. The work will be issued
by the I. Haas Publishing and Engraving Com
pany, St. Louis, Mo.
Messrs. Harper & Bros.' plans for publication
during the next two months include: "The
Silk of the Kine," a novel, by L. McManus,
dealing with the eviction of Roman Catholics
in Ireland in the seventeenth century; "Mrs.
Gerald," by Maria Louise Pool; "Love Is a
Spirit." by Julian Hawthorne; "The Pith of
Astronomy" (without mathematics), the latest
facts and figures as developed by the giant
telescopes, by Samuel G. Bayne; "Tales of Fan
tasy and Fact," by Brander Matthews; "Rick
Dale," a story for young people, by Kirk Mun
roe; -'With My Neighbors," a number of plain
talks to plain people on familiar and homely
subjects, by Margaret E. Sangster; "A Story of
the Heaveniy Camp-Fires," by "One With a
New Name" ; "Shakespeare, the Boy." by Wil
liam J. Rolfe, Litt.D. ; and "Harper's Diction
ary of Classical Literature and Antiquities,"
edited by Professor Harry Thurston Peck.
In the Overland Monthly for June W. H.
Mills' exhaustive discussion of the question of
Japanese competition in manufacturing
goods for the market has awakened a wide
spread interest on this coast, which would be
the section of the country most affected.
A short time ago a book was published which
attempted to prove that Marshal Key was not
shot in 1815, but escaped to America and be
came a schoolmaster in North Carolina, where,
as alleged, he lately died. To set at rest all
doubts in this matter a cousin of Mme. Key,
who is now living in America, contributes to
the July Century a family record of Ney's exe
cution, written by Mme. Campan, who was tho
aunt of Mme. Ney and the author of the "Me
moirs of Marie Antoinette."
McClure's Magazine for July will have an
illustrated paper by Cleveland Mortett, show
ing the exact status, at the present moment, of
the horseless carriage, and indicating the im
mense revolution that impends in travel and
traffic, now that the horseless carriage has
passed the experimental stage.
Elizabeth Stuart Phelps will publish in Mc-
Clure's Magazine for July her recollections,
which are very intimate and interesting, of
Longfellow, Whittier and Holmes.
The Peter Paul Rr>ok Company of Buffalo an
nounces that it will soon publish "The Diary
of a Peculiar Girl," by George Austin Wood
ward. The imaginary writer of this diary ig
the sister of an Episcopal clergyman ; it is
begun in her twentieth year, and covers a
period of sixteen years. She is of a decidedly
intellectual turn of mind, and, unlike most
girls, cares but little for society, in the broader
sense of the word. Much of the contest is pre
sented in a crisp, narrative form, which carries
the reader on to the end. The book contains a
faithful portrayal of such characters as we all
meet in the rounds of everyday life.
Many very attractive ana beautifully illus
trated articles are given in Frank Leslie's
Popular Monthly for July, and also several
excellent short stories. The leading feature is
a description of General Robert E. Lee's part
in the battles of Fredericksburg and Chancel
lorsville, written by Colonel John J.Garnett
of the Confederate States Artillery, and form
ing the sixth paper in the magazine's great
"Lee Series." The article is profusely illus
trated with portraits and battle scenes. In
"A Glimpse of Dungcness" Frederick A. Ober
describes the burial-place of "Light-Horse
Harry" Lee. Another fenfire of this number
is an article on "Colonial Homes of Virginia,"
by Virginia Cousins Mayo, accompanied by
more than a dozen pictures.
NEW TO-DAY.
Neglected Colds
mark the beginning
of every Spring-time,
and only too often they
are the beginning of the
story of which Con-
sumption is the encL
Scott's Emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil with the
Hypophosphites will
soothe a cough, heal
the inflamed mem-
branes t and restore the
parts to a healthy con-
dition* It will do this
promptly and perma-
nently if taken in time*
An ounce of prevention
is a bottle of Scott's
Emulsion* Don't ex-
periment with sub-
stitutes when you can
get Scott's Erftulsion
for a few cents more*
" PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Com-
plet« digestion and absorption of the food, cams
a healthy action of the Uverand render the iiow«U
natural in their operat on without griming
2324
THAI INFANT ARTIST
OF FOLSOM STREET
Little Emile Crapuchette
Awoke Last Monday
to Fame.
Kind-Hearted People Who Read
" The Sunday Call " Showered
Gifts Upon Him.
Now He Has Paints and Pencils and
Crayons Galore, and Time to
Follow His Bent.
Emile Crapuchette, artist, aged 4 years,
awoke last Monday morning to find him
self famous. The Sinpay Call had told
his story to the world, and the baby genius
who for months had been scratching up the
whitewashed walls of the Folsom-street
laundry with outlines of bird and beast
and human being, the little boy whose pa
rents could afford him neither pencil nor
paper and whose natural bent was at
length discovered when he chose the side
walk for a studio; Emile, who was with
out patrons or friends in his pursuit of art ;
who had so long bad no one to watch his
patient efforts except the fuzzy-coated dog
that he had caricatured ; the infantile art
ist awoke to find himself no longer bound
down by restrictions of poverty that had
•eenied to bar the way to an otherwise
certain celebrity. The Svxday Call had
told all about the discouraging conditions
that surround him and had ventured the
remark that, if Emile Crapuchette could
be accorded a fraction of the advantages
that had been enjoyed by Charles Dana
Gibson in his childhood, the San Fran
cisco prodigy at 20 years of age would out
rank in the rield of illustration the man
who charmed the country with his pen
sketches of the typical American girl. And
if Emile Crapuchette lives to see a day
when his work with pen or crayon or
brush shall demand high figures on the
market, he may thank that Sunday article
for directing the public eye to bim at the
dawning of bis career and putting him on
the road to success.
Never were there such large gatherings ]
in front of the French laundry at 1007 Fol j
som street as on Monday last. Never had j
so many inquiries been male concerning j
the baby artist. Mme. Crapuchette cannot j
read English, but a neighbor translated !
lor her the story in The Call, and madame
ran and snatched up her little son and
almost smothered him with kisses and j
caresses. Really, Mme. Crapuchette had i
never appreciated Emile's peculiar gifts ;
until the newspaper conveyed to her the
intelligence that her son was an
artist. Ten days ago the madame would
have objected to a band of loiterers
blocking up the entrance to the laun
dry. Now she smiles approvingly at
the patronizing looks of the inter
ested witnesses of her son's etchings,
and the larger the crowd the more pleased
she appears. But there is further cause
for pleasure than the mere gathering of
the curiously inclined.
Emile's story had been read in homes
of plenty, with the result that on Monday
morning gifts from generous and kind
hearts came pouring in. Last Monday
was to Emile something akin to what
Christmas is to fortunate children, who
have beautiful surprises to gladden them
and make the day memorable.
Ten days ago Emile Crapnchette had
no pencil nor paper. All he had was some
chalk and some charcoal. The iittle artist
was poor then. You should see his pos
sessions now. He is the richest boy on
Folsom street and the most envied. Be
fore Mme. Crapuchette had a customer to
head the list of the week a iiveried driver
sprang down Trom the seat of a handsome
carriage and glancing up at the laundry
number walked right in and found Emile
making pictures on the floor.
"I've found him, I guess," exclaimed
the coachman, and he laid a fine big box
on the child's knees. : 'That's for the art
ist; paints, I think." Before Mme. Crapu
chette could peek into the box and thank
the stranger he had said good-day and Lis
horses were trotting away in gay style.
The box had paints in plenty and
brushes coarse and tine, and tiny bowls in
which to mix the paints, and it was all so
nice and rich-looking that mother and
son could hardly believe their eyes.
One alter another came messengers from
this family and that family, and one
brought paper and one brought drawing
books; another left a package of colored
crayons; another a parcel of drawing
pencils; and when the day was done
Emile had supplies enough to stock a
small art-store.
Mme. Crapuchette was compelled to
give up a whole shelf to Emile's bundles
and boxes of precious thinss.
On Wednesday a numerous party of
French people called to see the boy won
der and one of the party brought along a
copy of the French paper and delighted
monsieur and madame with a reading of
The Call's article as it was translated into
the native tongue of Emile's parents.
Ten days ago Emile was kept busy for
hours peeling potatoes and scraping car
rots and shelling peas. Now the boy's
parents allow him to make pictures dur
ing all the time he desires from morning
till nuht.
Last Thursday the crowd was so great in
front of the laundry that the fat police
man on the beat in the neighborhood,
catching sight of the throng from a dis
tance, concluded that a small riot was
brewing. At double-quick pace he bore
down on the assemblage, and, drawing
his club, he forced his way into the center
of the crowd to find that all eyes, so far as
possible, were bent on a baby figure draw
ing pictures on the sidewalk. Emile was
giving a public exhibition.
"Gangway here, gentlemen,' 1 yelled the
officer. The crowd swayed a little, but
didn't move along very far. "And so
you're the cause of all this business, are
you? 1 ' cried the policeman, whose idea of
art was probably confined to the art of
swinging a club. Emile looked up, smil
ingly, and pointed to the locomotive
sketched in crayon in front of him.
"The walk's dirty enough without you
making it worse," exclaimed the cultured
man in blue and brass, and with that be
cathered Emile under his arm and carried
him into the laundry. Then the fat enemy
of art ani imperious ruler or the walk
stood like a Koman sentinel against the
laundry door till the crowd, being de
prived of the late source of its amusement
and pleasure, had gradually dispersed
leaving the champion of a tyrannic law the
gloating master of the situation. But that
policeman is having plenty of ath
letic «xercise, and it is safe to
The Policeman on Folsom Street Who Objected to the Free Exhibitions of Draw
ing That Little 1 mile Crapuchctte Was Giving on the Pavement. Crowds
Had dathcrcd to See the Babe and the Policeman Had to Force a Gangway.
wager that, after another week of racing
and chasing to keep the sidewalk clean in
front of 1007 Folsom street, only to find
another crowd there after he has paraded
around the block, he will let his mouth in
iorm his ear that peaceful art cannot be
downed, even though so mighty a power
as a policeman be on its trail and though
its representative De only a child of 4.
Since Thursday Emile has been caricatur
ing the kettle-hatted officer in one of his
drawin K -books, and by raising laughter
among his numerous visitors at the ex
pense of the fleshy limb of the law he is
getting even for the policeman's unasked
assistance that is mentioned above.
Emile Crapuchette has now every ad
vantage but a teacher; but there is plenty
of time for that. He lias a dozen elegant
picture-books from which he copies the
pictures in his drawing tablets. Thanks
to The Sunday Call, Emile Crapuchette
is now a favored son of fortune. It is just
as if a good fairy had brought him a won
derland of tilings he longed for and satis
fied all his wishes. Not only that — Emile
has been the means of greatly increasing
the laundry trarle of his parents. Madame
Crapuchette made so mucti money last
week that yesterday she bought herseif a
pink summer dress as pretty as a fashion
plate, and Monsieur Crapuchette has
thrown off on the brown-paper cigarette
and is smoking nothing cheaper than
nickel cigars.
ONE FISHING ROD
THAT HAS A HISTORY.
Made by William Murphy of New
York and Now Owned by Alex
ander T. Vogelsang.
One of the most valuable fishing-rods in
the United States is now in the posses
sion of Alexander T. Vogelsang, the sec
retary of the San Francisco Fly-casting
Club. Its worth lies not only in its his
toric association, but in its market value
as well. William Murphy of New York
was the original split bamboo maker, and
even the famous Leonard, who was Mur
phy's pupil in this art, has not excelled
the rods made by his teacher.
.About forty years ago Murphy made the
rod in question for General Hancock, and
many a pleasant day did the old war vet
eran spend with this piece of property
whipping the streams of the Adirondacks
and Catskill Mountains. He made use of
the rod the last time during the campaign
in which he ran against James A. Garfield.
After the death of Genera] Hancock the
rod passed into the hands of Philip Mc-
Shane of the Occidental Hotel, this City,
and upon his death it was purchased by
Luke Donnelly. When the latter died the
rod fell into the hands of Fish Commis
sioner Emeric, who purchased it from the
Donnelly estate. Since then Judge Hunt,
W. W. Foote and many other lovers of the
art of angling have cast envious eyes upon
that rod, but they did not even bid for it,
thinking that money could not purchase it.
In this they were correct, but a short
time ago Mr. Emeric, in a burst of gen
erosity, presented the notable rod to
Mr. Vogelsang. The rod originally was
probably valued at about $40, but since
there are so few Murphy- Leonard rods on
the market, this one with its historic asso
ciations, is worth fully ten tinier that
amount, and it is doubtful if such a sum
would tempt the present owner.
SHE'S THE RICHEST
WIDOW ON EARTH.
The Relict of Baron Hirsch Will Have
One Hundred and Thirty Mil
lion Collars.
Baron Hirsch's French executor, M.
Dietz, is to receive £4000 a year for five
years for his trouble. If. Dietz's task will
be to see to the recovery of secured and
unsecured loans, and to effect realizations
so that Baroness Hirsch will have no
trouble in managing her vast fortune.
When legacies are paid she will be worth,
it is said, about £26,000,000, that is, if the
greater part of the baron's investments
prove sound.
There is a legacy of £40,000 to an adopted
daughter, who is to be brought up by a
guardian away from her mother. The
adopted sons are lefc estates in Austria
and Hungary. The Paris correspondent
of the Daily News understands that the
debts due by society people come to an in
credibly large sum, and that perhaps one
half the vouchers for the money lent by
the baron have not yet been brought to
iight. The I O U's of a royal personage,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUJSE 21, ISIMS.
covering more than a million, are said
by some to have been destroyed; but a
relative of Mme. Hirsch (writes the repre
sentative of Truth in the French capital)
thinks this unliuely.
The baron did not believe in gratitude
and was prone to keep papers that con
firmed him in his incredulity. His death
was caused by a terrible fit of anger at
finding he had made a fearfully bad bar
gain in purchasing the estate on which he
wanted to build a grand residence. Snakes,
froL-s, fevers were its chief natural pro
ducts. It turned out to be incurably
marshy. He had bought without tir^l in
specting it himself, and, acting on the
word of an agent, ordered the house to be
built according to the plans he had ap
proved. One so rich as he was could not
have taken greatly to heart the money
loss. But what he could not endure was
feeling that he had been taken in.
Baron Hirsch was like the celebrated
Fouquet in giving splendid gifts and pen
sions to society notabilities. We are told
that the mother-in-law of a defunct Or
leanist due loses a pension of £SOOO. She
is a clever woman, though she began life
as reader to a Polish countess. She has
played a part in international politics and
finance. Through the due she was a
graet card during the Mac.Mahonate.
Remarkam.k Yoga Performance. — From
: what is held to be unquestionable
authority comes another of those weird
tales of magical performance. "We are
indebted to the kindness of the learned
President of the Adi Brahmo Samaji,"
aj s the chronicler of this authority, "for
the following accounts of two Yogis, of j
i whom one performed the extraordinary >
■ feats of raising his body by will power, ;
and keeping it suspended in the air with- ,
out visible support.
"The Yogi posture for meditation or '
concentration of the mind upon spiritual j
tilings is called As.ana. There are various ',
of these modes of sitting, such as Pad"
; masan, etc., etc. B:ibu Pajnarain Bose
translated this narrative from a very old
number of the Fatwabodhini Patrika, the
', Calcutta organ of the Barahmo Samaj. The ,
writer was Babu Akkhaya Kumar Dalta, '
'< then editor of the Patrika, of whom Babu
Rajnarain speaks in the following high
' terms: 'A very truth-loving and painstak
! ing man; very fund of observing strict ac- [
; curacy in the details of a description.'
'•A few years ago a Deccan Yogi named !
I Sishal was seen at Madras by many II in- \
j Una and Englishmen to raise his asana, or !
| seat, up into the air. His whole body was ;
j seated in air, only his right hand lightly j
| touching a deerskin rolled up in the form i
■ of a tube and attached to a brazen rod i
! which was firmly stucK into a v.ooden j
board resting on four legs. In this posi- '
tion the Yogi used to perform his japa I
i (mystical meditation) with his eyes half
shut.
OWEN AND JASON BROWN, TUE SONS OF THE OLD ABOLITIONIST. AND THEIR CABIN IN THE MOUNTAINS
ABOVE PASADENA.
BAIRD ON JUMPING
AND HURDLING
Practice With a Skipping-
Rope and the Spring-
Board.
To Acquire Style It Is Well to
Take Lessons From the
Cat.
Only Tall Men Become Great Side
Jump?rs— Try the Straight Leap
Persistently.
We come now to jumping. Between
sprint running, hurdling and jumping
there is a very close affinity. I could
quote the names of short-distance runners
who have won championships at 100-yard
running and broad jumping on the same
day. In 1878 Wilmer won the 100, 220 and
broad jump in New York. In 1883 Ford
captured the high and broad. In 1884 he
took the 100 and broad. In 1885 and 1886
he took the 100, 220 and broad. In four
successive years he won nine champion
ships of America in these four events. In
1889 he again captured the long jump. I
would add that he was one of the best
hurdlers of his time and in the champion
ship of 1884 was barely beaten in the 120.
J. S. Voorhees won the championship
at the broad jump in 1880 and 1881, and I
have seen him run 100 yards close to 10
seconds. Many of my readers have seen
our own Schefferstein win two sprint races
and a broad jump on the same day at the
Coast Championships. These are instances
enough to demonstrate that there is a
strong affinity between sprint running,
hurdie racing and jumping. It is a fact,
however, that high jumping and hurdling
require closer application than the others.
A man who would be a first-class high
jumper or hurdler must stick to that work
alone, while a sprint runner will not be
affected by doing some broad jumping
occasionally.
Two great things are required in jump
ing—elasticity of muscle and style. Aside
from the natural gift a person should pre
pare tor his real work by leaps on the
springboard with moderation, or even with
skipping-rope— both of which are excellent
exercise and are practiced to a greater or
less extent by many great jumpers.
Let us now treat particularly of high
jumping. Tii is is one of the noblest
branches of athletics and'well repays the
most earnest study and practice. A high
jumper can display himself to advantage
at a race meeting, in the gymnasium, on
the stage, on the lawn — in short at times
and places when the runner, hurdler, and
even his brother, the broad jumper, would
be decidedly out of place.
Wore 1 to take up high jumping the first
thing I would do would be to get a half
grown kitten, playful and intelligent, and
tearh him to leap. If one would watch W.
B. Page clear <j feet 4 inches he would at
once conclude that the great jumper had
taken lessons from a cat, so wonderfully
feline were his movements.
The proper method to pursue in jump
ing is as follows: Place the bar at about
four feet, or at such a height that you are
sure that you caji clear it without effort.
Stand off about thirty feet, directly in
front of the center of the stick. Begin
slowly and advance about ten feet with
short steps. The next ten feet quicken
the step and lengthen the str?de. This
will bring you within ten feet of the bar
at c fair pace. Now let out. with all speed,
advance straight toward the bar, and
when you arrive within about three feet
strike on your right foot, going over fac
ing a bare trifle to the left — only a trifle —
advancing your left foot. Now unless you
are accustomed to it this may seem some
I EMILE CRAPUCHETTE, Artist. Aged 4 Years, Who, Since the Story of His Won
derful Skill in Drawing Appeared in "The Sunday Call" of Last Week. Has
Received Many Presents of All Sorts of Artists' -Materials From Strangers.
what awkward, but do not let this bother
you.
I want to impress one thing upon the
would-be jumper, even if I impress noth
ing else: Do not run sideways at the bar
and throw one leg over after another. Un
less you are a tall man you will never be
come a great jumper, and even if you are
tall you will not attain to as great a height
as yon will if you persistently practice the
straight leap. In all the range of my ex
perience I have never known a man to
jump his own height by any method but
the straight leap.
After you have jumped four feet place
the bar a little higher, according to the
e:i?e with which you clear it. In making
your leap* learn to keep the feet well to
gether, the left a trifle in advance, and
twist the back. Jumping requires a very
strong and Hexible back, capable of endur
ine a great amount of violent contortions.
This does not mean to bend the back like
the contortionist in the circus 3 , however.
"When you have reached four feet six (in
j some cases five feet) you will begin to
| make quite an exertion. At about this
point you must realize that the real work
lies with yourself; you must be the one to
practice, to study and to persevere.
While there is no question about the
importance of the legs in jumping, stilJ
there is much importance attached to the
arms. In this regard two things must be
considered: First, that the arms make up
considerable of the weight ot the body and
have got to be carried over the bar by the
strength of the legs, consequently they
must be made as light as possible. Second,
the arms can bear a very important part
in getting the jumper over the bar suc
cessfully.
As you approach the bar on the run and
strike the right toot, see that the right
arm hangs rather low. The left hand
should be about the height of the chin.
As you force yourself from the ground
with the right loot jerk your right hand
upward and forward, pulling the left
\ downward and backward. This will give
you a great impetus; and as you rise in
the air throw your head backward— not so
violently as to sprain your neck or throw
I you off your balance, but to assist you in
i getting your hips over the bar.
Once over do not spoil your jump by
touching it with your elbows, the back of
the neck or some other awkward fashion.
Landing, too, should be studied if you de
ire to be graceful; for if there is anything
awkward it is to see a magnificent leaper
fall all in a heap. Some twist as they drop
and land facing the bar; others fall pre
senting tiieir bides; but tl.e majority, per
haps, reach the ground with their backs
to the wood or with a slight turn. , After
all, though, the first proposition is to get
over the bar, and the landing should be a
secondary matter. If you find that you
cannot leap hiu'h and land eracefully the
only thing to be clone is to take the matter
philosophically and reflect that we cannot
be great in everything.
Here is an extract from a description of
W. B. Page, one of the greatest high leap
ers that ever lived:
The feature of the games was the marvelous
jumping of Page. This student of the U.
P. is 5 feet 7 inches high, very compact, j
and of shapely butla. His record (in 1884) is j
G feet l£ inches, and he very nearly exceeded)
this on the present occasion. As a matter of j
fact he clears his own height four and one- j
half inches, and in the previous games five |
and one-quarter inches. He runs at the bar ;
with a series of bounds that denote great I
muscular power and elasticity. Arriving at j
the mark he doubles up and strikes his right j
heel on the ground; then with a powerful j
action of the toes forces himself in the air, |
twists like a cat and whips himself over the i
stick with a sharp movement that is very
striking.
Now as to the running broad jump. !
This exercise is not so complicated as the |
running high jump. The iattcr requires I
close application and assiduous study, but j
the leap under consideration is much sim- ;
pier. It is to this reason I attribute the j
fact that so many sprinters are successful j
broad jumpers. If they were compelled to
devote the time and energy to it that a
high jumper must they would not care to ;
undertake it in addition to their running, i
A properly laid path for long jumping j
should be about twenty yards. At the end i
of this path is the block, which is a piece
of scantling, sunk acnoss and level with :
the course. Beyond this the earth is
shoveled away and a soft spot dug up fif- ;
teen to twenty feet from the take-off.
Stand at the unper end of the path and ■
start toward the scratch slowly, but in- j
crease the pace at every stride. On reach- I
ing the block strike it with one foot,
leap in the air and alight in a stooping I
position, but do not fall backward. If you |
were to lose your balance and sit down in j
the dirt, or even place a hand behind to !
save yourself, you will be measured from J
those points.
Then you try again: and this time you j
overstep the mark, plant your foot in the
dirt, at which the stupid officials shake ;
their heads and call it a "foul." By this
time yon are in a humor to thrash a po- :
liceman if he were to speak to you, when
something happens to divert your atten- i
tion.
A young man in athletic attire steps out, j
and by the buzz tnat arises you conclude |
he must be some distincuished jumper. !
At his request the officials measure off a i
certain distance— say twenty feet — and at ;
this point he places a handkerchief by the !
side of the path, with one point projecting
an inch or so into the course. The new- j
comer walks up to the mark he has made i
and leisurely paces off to the head of the i
course and turns around ready and conn- ■
dent.
By this time you are all attention. You
observe that he starts slowly, as you did, ,
and increases his pace. Then you notice
that he does something that you did not; i
when he reached the handkerchief his foot
struck it exactly and the remaining strides
were taken as though they were cut by I
machinery. Moreover, as you were watch- !
ing closely so as not to lose a single point •
you noticed that his foot struck the wood
so accurately that it was scarcely an inch
out nf the way. Moreover, you observed
that one hand was slijjhtiy in the rear and
one slightly advanced when his foot
struck; that when he began to rise from :
the block the hand in the rear shot for- !
ward as he rose, but stopped suddenly at
about the height of his nose. This sudden j
jerk when the body was light had a ten
dency to pull him upward and onward, !
greatly accelerating the movement of the j
jumper.
Many beginners are puzzled to know j
why a block is used in broad jumping
and a measurement taken from its edge,
and why a man should be measured from a
mark his hand makes If he has lost his
balance alter landing.
Now, if you were being chased by a bull
across a field and came to a creek cut be
low the level of the meadow you would
have to jump. If your "take-off" or point
of jumping is six inches from the edge you j
lose that much, do you not? and you run i
that much chance of failing in the water. ]
Certainly the edges are not going to move i
toward you to make up for your bad take- j
off. The jump is certainly not measured I
from toe to heel in that case, even if it is
measured so by your indulgent friends on
the campus. On the contrary, if you miss
the edge and go too far the ground is not j
going to be so accommodating as to shift I
and keep you from tumbling in the water, j
When you land on the other side, say j
within a few inches of the brink, should I
you lose your balance and fall backward,
can you support yourself by placing a
hand on the ground behind? You would j
find yourself in the water. Thusexperi-j
ence has taught our athletic Solons the j
most superior methods to conduct athletic !
exercises that the best possible results may i
be attained.
A high-jumping shoe should not have ]
spikes as long as those for sprint-running, ;
but besides should have in the heel a spike j
of moderate length, that when the juniper
drives his heel in the ground preparatory
to springing he will not be in danger of '
slipping. The broad-jumper should wear !
sprinting shoes that have seen some ser
vice, as it is necessary that they should fit
the foot perfectly to stand the sudden
strain, but particularly that the spikes
may be worn down somewhat, as it is not
desirable to have long spikes strike the
wood. Geo. D. Baird.
THE GRAVE OF OLD
JOHN BROWN'S SON
It Lies Above the San Ga
briel Valley and Over
looks Pasadena.
Owen and Jason Brown Lived
in the Mountains and Were
Guides to Tourists.
Uncle James Townsend, a Venerable
Quaker, Knew Them Both Well
end Their Father.
Overlooking and about 1000 feet above
the San Gabriel Valley, r sling in the
shadow of the Sierra?, is an abrupt and
conical-shaped hillock which history has
made sacred ground. Here beneath a
pine tree lies all that was morUl of Owen
Brown, son of "Os.sawattomie John.".
A few rods farther up the mountain
side, on another prominence, there stood
until recently a little cabin which was
the home for several years of Owen Brown
and his brother Jason. Here in a quiet,
unassuming way, sometimes acting ns
guides to mountain tourists, the brother?,
who in earlier days had been accustomed
to lives of great activity and excitinir
scenes of bloodshed, passed several years
in comparative seclusion.
Bnt few lives have been more full of
thrilling incidents than Owen Brown'?.
He was with his father in most of his
Southern expeditious which were under
taken for the rescue of slaves from bond
age; also in the Kansas and Missouri
raids, and was one of the survivors of the
culmination at Harpers Ferry. To listen
to his recital of their escape was as thrill.
ing and much more interesting tnan
stories of the most daring of fictitious
heroes.
.Residents of Pasadena knew these broth
ers as men whose personal appearance
was unassuming in the extreme, ever
seeking to allay rather than perpetuate
the feelings engendered by the war. Their
generous, forgiving spirits were exempli
fied in many ways, notably at one time.
Papadenans, desirous of showing their
esteem tor these illustrious mountain
dweller3, who, though so rich in fame,
were yet in pecuniary embarrassment,
gave an entertainment for their benefit, as
a result of which $200 was turned over to
their account, every cent of which, it was
afterward ascertained, founa its way to
tne old slave stronghold of Charleston,
where hundreds of people were dyin^
and many had been rendered homeless by
the great earthquake.
Uncle James Townsend, the old Quaker
who lives at 289 Los Robles avenue, Pasa
dena, had a personal acquaintance with
John Brown.
"Yes, I was well acquainted with John
Brown," says Uncle James, "and he and
his men often stopped with me when pass
ing through West Branch, lowa, where in
those early times I kept 'The Traveler's
Rest.' They made frequent expeditions
into Kansas and Missouri, carrying sup
plies to aid in the warfare being waged be
tween freedom and slavery. One evening
he surprised us by drivinc into the yard
with a few teams, several of his men and
about fourteen colored people whom, ha
informed us, he had rescued from slavery.
Teams were cared for and a hurried supper
was prepared for the party in the kitchen.
"The little Quaker community began
gathering in, ministers and elders coining
to expostulate with me for harboring such
warlike men and remaining to listen to
the story of their exploits.
"Although many relics have been parted
with, I have several letters from Brown's
men, some written after their capture at
Harpers Ferry, which occurred soon after
the events I have been relating. When
reports came of the attack there was great
excitement, and my wife, your aunt, fear
ing we should be implicated, destroyel
many letters and other articles which
would be valuable as relics now."
Crossing the room, my uncle took from
his desk a package of yellow letters, which
proved very interesting. One from John
EL Cook, bearing the postmark Harpers
Ferry, dated August 10, 1859 (about two
months before the attack and subsequent
capture), is addressed to Messrs. Town
send, Lewis and families. The Lewis, my
uncle explained, was his old neighbor and
the grandfather of Mrs. Walter Raymond.
On the margin of the letter is tho fol
lowing arrangement of figures: 12, 11, 16,
20, 13, 18, 15, 23, 1, 6. 10, 7^ 10, 18, 10 and 2,
15, 19, 20, 15, 9, 20, 7. 10, 13, 15, 25, 19, 7. 14.
22, 10, 14, 18. 6, 23, 10, 11, 23, 10, 14, 18, 10.
15, 1, 3, 25, 23, 14, 6. 20, 6, 1, 8, 9, 15, 18, 15,
21, 18, 9. 18, 10, 8, 8, 7, 20, 2, 3, 7, 6, 12, 7, 23,
6, 3, 12, 15, 2, 10, 19, 15, 1, which interpreted
reads: "Captain Brown is here and most
of ttie boys have arrived. We are only
waiting for our freight, which will come
soon." This was an alphabet used by
Brown and his men, the key to it being in
the possession of the landlords of under
ground railway stations.
Another interesting relic is a splinter
from one of the wagons in which the
slaves were brought from Missouri, the
wagon being now in the possession of the
Historical Society in Towa City. Brown's
ax, which my uncle once owned, he had
given to his son, Dr. J. R, Townsend.
Mary E. Wright.
Music is of two kinds— that which the
musician makes and that which the lis
tener hears.
• — * •
No man is a success at everything or a
failure in everything.
NEW TO-DAY.
From U.S. Journal of HaUci**.
JT\+ Prof.W. H. Peeke,
M _j A' -m who makes a special-
HlT^ of Epilepsy, has
I II witnout doubt treat-
JL JL &f^7ed and cured more
cases than any living
rt -d Physician;
Lured is
heard of
cases of 20 years' standing cured by
him. He publishes a valuable work
on this disease, which he sends
with a large ( bottle of his absolute
cure, free to any sufferer who may
send their P.O. and Express address.
We advise anyone . wishing a cure
to address
*rof.W.H.PEEKE,F.D.,4CedarSt.,N.Y.TWO WONDERFUL CASES
OF HUMAN HIBERNATION BY YOGIS.
One of the most weird of the magic I
feats performed by the wandering fakirs I
or yogis of India is that of human hiber- j
nation, in which they apparently die, are !
luried for several weeks and "are then |
resurrected and in a few hours become as :
much alive as ever.
The performers belong to a class of re
ligious mendicants, who are taught that
to gain tiie right to secure further spiritual
illumination they must serve a proba- j
tionary period as jugglers, during which |
time they must live on what alms are vol- !
untarily given to them. However much !
"W esteruers may doubt the practical wis- I
dom of such a training, it is a well-known \
fact to thousands of travelers that the J
fakirs do possess great magical power, and i
hundreds of feats are attributed to them. j
II is not often that one of t.era will con
sent to be buried, and the rarity of the oc
currence has caused most travelers as well !
as many Hindoos to doubt the fact. Nev- !
ertheless there are a few we!l authenti-
Dated cases on record.
In a small book on the yoga philosophy, i
written by Dr. W. C. Paul, G.8.M.C., as- \
sistant surgeon in the British army in |
India, several accounts are given of this '
feat. The book was suppressed by the j
British Government soon after its publica
tion on the ground that its contents were
"prejudicial to the interests of medicine i
and science," but a few copies escaped
from the watchful eye of the officials, and
from one of these is taken the accounts re
lerred to.
Dr. Paul has an interesting record him i
self. After the publication of his book ho j
became so deeply interested in the fakirs j
that he deserted his post in order to join |
them. He was arrested on the charge of;
insanity, and was taken to England and
confined in an asylum and kept under
close guard. Shortly after his incarcera
tion he mysteriously disappeared, and was
never seen afterward by the authorities, ■
but some of ihe Hindoos report that they \
have since met him in the Himalayas, '
where he is now pursuing his yoga studies.
The first case was one described by a Dr.
McGregor, an eye-witness to the niysteri- :
ous proceeding, which occurred at the I
court of Ronjeet Singh in Lahore in 1837. i
To quote the doctor's words: "A fakir who
arrived at Lahore engaged to bury himself ,
for any length of time, shut up in a box,
and without either food or drink. Run
jeet naturally disbelieved the man's asser- ,
tions, and was determined to put them to
the test. For this purpose the fakir was
shut up in a wooden box, which was placed j
in a small apartment below the middle of
the ground; there was a folding-door to:
this box, which was secured by a lock and j
key. Surrounding this apartment there
was the garden-house, the door of which i
was likewise locked ; and outside the whole I
a high wall, having its doorway built up
with bricks and mud. In order to prevent
any one from approaching the place a line i
of sentries was placed, and relieved at reg
ular intervals. The strictest watch was
ke;.t up for the space of forty days and
forty nights, at the expiration of which
period the Maharajah, attended by his
■ «on, several Sirdars, Captain Sir j
Claude Wade and myself, proceeded to dis
r the fakir.
"The bricks and mud were removed !
from the outer doorway ; the door of the
garden-house was next unlocked and
lastly that of the wooden box con
taining the fakir. The latter was found
covered with a white sheet, on re- !
moving which the figure of a man in a j
s-ittini posture presented iteelf. His arms i
and hands were pressed to his sides and j
his legs and thighs crossed.
"The first step in nis resuscitation con
sisted in pouring over his head a quantity
of warm water; after this a hot wheaten
cake was placed on the crown of his head :
a plug of wax was removed from one of
his nostrils, upon which the man breathed
WIZARD EDISON SAYS
WE WILL ALL SOON BE FLYING.
Thomas A. Edison says that within
ten years aerial navigation will be an ac
complished fact, and that there is nothing
to prevent us traveling through the air
just above the treetops at a speed ranging
lrom 75 to 100 miles an hour.
He has accomplished so many wonder
ful things which could not be believed un
til they were seen in practical operation
that the public is willing to believe that
be can do anything, no matter how start
ling the proposition.
"It is hard to say what is the right prin
ciple. The machine, whatever form it
takes, will have to rise by its own power
and not by balloon power in any form.
Any method employing gas for flotation
is not practical. The whole problem will
be solved when we can get one-horsepower
for every five pounds in weight of the fly
ing machine.
"You know,' he said, a reminiscent
smile lighting up his features, "that I
made a lot of experiments along that line
once. Yes, I put a machine on a pair of .
finely adjusted scales. There were fans
anrt a motor and all that sort of thing at
tached. I weighed the whole outfit and ]
then applied the motive power to the fans
and other contrivances, and by watching
the scales ascertained just how much
those fans would lift with a certain num
ber of revolutions. That was fun.
"So many of the experimenters and the
orists have got such good results that it
is hard to determine which is the right I
line. Some one is going to find that, of ;
course, and have a walkover. The thing j
is to stride the tight principle."
"Do you really believe it possible to in- J
vent a flying machine that can be put in j
practical, every-day use; that will sup
plant present transportation facilities and
yield a revenue that would make it an as
sured mccess from a commercial point of j
view?" was the next question.
"I certainly do," answered Mr. Edison ,
without hesitation. "I believe I could do I
it myaeli if I had the time to spare. Ij
must try that again sometime.
"Have you yet seen anything which you
think embodies the Tight principle?"
"1 have seen only what has been pub- |
lished on the subject from time to time,"
said Mr. Edison, "and in those publica
tions I have not discovered what I consider
tb« right principle. There is one man, |
however, who is devoting considerable j
time and attention to that subject in whom
I have the greatest confidence. He is Pro
fessor Langley of the Smithsonian Insti
tution in Washington. My confidence in
him arises from the fact that he is a man I
of rare scientific attainments and a fine ex
perimenter. I have not seen the results of
his experiments published."
"Do you think the motive power for the
flying-machine will be electricity?" Mr.
Edison was asked.
"N-o," answered the wizard, slowly. "I
rather think that gun-cotton or some
strongly through it; then the wax was re
moved from his other nostril and the cot
ton taken out of his ears. His mouth was
now opened, and the tongue, which had
been pressed closely to the roof of the
mouth, brought forward and both it and
the lips anointed with ghee (a kind of
butter). During this part of the pro
ceedings I could not feel the pulsation of
the wrist, though the temperature of the
body had risen much above the natural
standard of health. When the box was
opened there was a heat about the region
of the brain, but there was no pulsation in
the heart, temple or arms. The legs and
arms were extended and the eyelids raised ;
the former were well rubbed and a little
ghee applied to the latter. The eyelids
presented a dimmed, suffused appearance,
like those of a corpse.
"The man now evinced signs of return
ing animation; the pulse became percepti
ble at the wrist, whilst the unnatural tem
perature of the body rapidly diminished.
He made several ineffectual efforts to
speak, and at length uttered a few words
in a tone so low and feeble as to be almost
inaudible, saying to the Maharajah: 'Do
you believe me now?' When the fakir
was able to converse freely the completion
of the feat was announced by the dis
charge of guns and other demonstrations
of joy. A rich chain of gold was placed
round his neck by Runjeet, and earrings,
baubles and shawls were presented to
him."
In the following year the fakir was sum
moned to Lahore to repeat the trial for a
shorter period, but because Captain Os
borne and others expressed disbelief he re
fused to give the exhibition.
Another hibernation is described by
Lieutenant A. H. Boileau, which occurred
at Jaisulmer. He relates that the man, a
fakir about 30 years old, was Duried for I
thirty days and then dug out in the pres- !
ence of Esur Lai, one of the ministers of j
the Muhasawal of Jaisulmer. He was
buried in a stone building about ei^ht by i
twelve; in the floor was dug a hole three
feet long, two and a half feet wide and i
perhaps a yard in depth, in which he was |
placed in a sitting posture, sewpd up in a ;
shroud, with his feet turned inward to- !
ward his stomach and his hands also j
pointing toward the chest. Two heavy |
slabs of stone six feet long, several inches !
thick and broad enough to cover the j
mouth of the grave, so that he could not
escape, were then placed over him and a
little earth was plastered over tbe whole j
so as to make tee surface of the grave ;
smooth and compact. The door of the j
house was built up and people were placed j
on guard to see that no tricks were played, i
At the expiration of a month the wall
ing of the door was broken and the man
dug out of the grave. He was perfectly
senseless; his eyes were closed, his hands
cramped and powerless, hi 3 stomach
shrunken in, and his teeth jammed to
gether so tightly that friends had to force
open his mouth with an iron rod in order
to pour a little water down his throat
Gradually he recovered his senses and the
use of bis limbs.
Besides this hibernation at Jaisulmer
Dr. Paul refers to two other cases, one in
the Punjaub and the other in Calcutta,
the latterof which witnessed, and states
that only these three cases had occurred
in India in the last twenty-five years.
The yogis claim that this feat is the re
suit of long and arduous training. They
say that waste of the body is in the same
ratio as the exhalation of carbonic acid in
the breath, and that they have methods of
limiting such exhalation, and finally are
able to cease breathing altogether, and
that then all the functions of the body
stop; even the hair may cease to grow. It
is said that during the operation the yogi
is in a trance, and in exceptional cases
this may last for many months.
Ram Singh.
chemical that makes its own gas will fur
nish the motive power. The gun-cotton
employed will not be of the high explosive
quality, of course, but rather in the natuie
of celluloid gun-cotton. I took some
stock-ticker paper here one day and made
it into a lower form of gun-cotton and fed
it between copper rollers. It didn't ex
plode, but ignited and flashed and the gas
did the work. I got 3000 strokes a minute
with them. There was a good deal of
heat generated that could not be utilized,
but that could be overcome without diffi
culty."
"What speed could the aerial machine
attain with perfect safety?"
"If the flotation is all right a speed of
from 75 to 100 miles an hour will be noth
ing. The friction of the air will be a very
small matter. The speed will depend
altogether on the amount of air friction
and power employed. Ihe flotation must
be secured without the use of gas. It must
be complete mechanical flotation, other
wise the flying-machine will be at the
mercy of the wind.
"It i 3 the displacement of water which j
makes so much power necessary in ves
sels. If we can get the same grip on the
air that we can on water, friction and the
like will be but trifles, because we will not j
be doing any work against gravity. You
know if we push anything along a hori- j
zontal line where there is no gravity only j
a small amount of power is required. It j
is on the grades that treat power is re- |
quired in locomotives to haul trains. On j
the levels only a small amount of power is
necessary.
"Horizontal propulsion will be the
metho J in the successful aerial machine, i
The flotation is the problem to be solved, j
If a machine is invented that will lift itself j
and two cr three hundred pounds besides [
to a distance of fifty feet in the air and !
stay there, then the whole matter 19 solved |
and becomes simply a question of details j
for draughtsmen."
•'And how soon do you think this will
be accomplished ? M
"Within ten years," said Mr. Edison,
promptly.
"And will any of the theories already
advanced supply the principle?"
"No, for they are neither commercial
nor reliable. I have but little faith in the
aeroplane. All I want is a rope on a ma
chine with the other end of the rope fas- ;
tened to a stump, and the machine to pull
strong on the rope for two or three hours.
Then I'll know the whole question ia
solved. I don't want the machine very
high. There's no use going much above j
the tops of trees, and the aerial machine ]
should land somewhere near the ground, j
As for the form the machine will take, >
that is a minor consideration.
"There are three, possibly four, theories i
in all which are of value. One of them is >
the right one. Which one of them we j
must find out. And we'll get it soon."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 189(5.
A TRIO OF MISS STRONG'S FAMOUS DOG PAINTINGS.
Three of the famous dog pictures of Miss Elizabeth Strong of this City are here presented. The first, entitled "The Com
• rades," was bought by Theodore Vail and has since passeu through so many hand* that its present owner is to-day unknown to the
; painter. The second picture, "On the Trail," is owned by the Roxbury Hunting Club of Boston. The animals are St. Ange
hounds, a very rare and celebrated breed. The subjects of this painting were dogsowned by the family of the Vicomtesdu Hamel,
who reside near Bordeaux, in France, and are said to possess the only tine specimens of St. Ange hounds in Europe. Both of the
; dogs painted by Miss Strong were first prize does at the kennel shows in London and Paris, and had been painted by t c great
! French artist, Deiehae. In "Waiting for ihe Mistress," Miss Strong has painted her own oet collie, together with a Russian hound
■ that she raised from a puppy. Botii of these dogs, as has also the painting, passed out of the possession of Mis? S:rong. The poor
| coilie choked to death while eating a bone that was too big to go down. The Russian hound, strong and swift as a racehorse and
i a terror to all the country around, always dashing into flocks of sheep and scattering them over the fields, leaving the shepherd
I miles behind, had to be sold to escape the shotguns of the shepherd.
Both of these dogs were raised in France, where Miss Strong resided when she painted them. She is an enthusiastic lover
of all dumb animals, besides being one of the nu«?t famous animal painters, and has still many kennel pets. Recently Miss
Strong went to Monterey, where she has set up a studio, and will probably remain for the summer.
=a^BS
THE COMRADES.
WAITING FOR THE MISTRESS.
ON THE TRAIL.
ONE WELL-LEARNED
LESSON IN ANCIENT HISTORY.
The professor had been speaking of the
wide field of literary research, and as the
class rose he said: "You need never sigh
for new worlds to conquer."
One of the class stood for a few minutes
at the window looking with unseeing eyes
across the university campus over the bay
to the Golden Gate. As she turned away
with a smile, half sad, she said to herself,
"I hadn't thought of it for twenty years."
One hot day in the Northern California
of twenty years ago t! c sun shot his rays
straight down the principal street of a
small town. The whole three blocks of
Miner street were deserted, except for half
a dozen dogs stretched in the narrow shade
of a wall. Glancing up one side and down
the other 'one would notice that every
other one of the squat buildings had a
rude, much-whittled bench in front at the
sidewalk's edge — a sure sign of a saloon.
Seven on one side and six on the other.
When the sun passed over the hill these
benches would be occupied by men who,
from long habit, considered certain seats
their own. The affairs of the universe
were settled and unsettled on those
benches: there were discussed all the po
litical problems of the day, interspersed
with bits of local gossip and comments on
the ankles of passing women.
What a trial it was for a shy girl to pass
those grandstands, knowing, feeling the
comments, criticisms and sometimes jokes
that followed her down the line.
Just now these warders of the public
were inside watching a game of poker and
waiting patiently for some lucky player to
go to the bar and say, "Come on, fellers."
Down the street came a child — one of
those fat, white little giris of five years,
whose looks as a woman are not even to be
speculated upon. Take two who are
almost alike, and one in fifteen years may
be a slender, brown-haired woman, with a
complexion of milk and roses; the other
may be a gross, dough-faced, straw-haired
fright. And you can't tell which will be
which.
Short, round, solid, at every step the
copper-toed shoes clicked, the short "pig
tail" of tow hair vibrated, and the stream
ers of the sailor hat stood straight out.
This same hat was little protection to the
flushed, perspiring face, for it was pushed
back so far that the elastic was buried
from mortal view in the fat cheek and
chin.
There was purpose in the sturdy walk, !
and in the big pray eyes that traveled up !
and down the street in search of somebody
or something.
In front of the first saloon she stopped,
and, walking under the green half-blind j
that hides so many sins its name should j
be Charity, she sent that same inquiring j
glance around the room. No one seemed |
surprised, there was none of the sudden !
silence the vision of innocence would nat
urally provoke, in fact no one saw her. j
The wise men of the benches were watch
ing in deep interest an exciting game.
As she paused in front of the sixth \
saloon the shutter swung out and a blue- i
shirted, red-haired giant almost stepped !
on her, his feet not being quite sure where j
the ground was, anyway. The child spoke
foi the first time. "Daddy in there, j
Aleck?' The voice matched the eye9 —
they were older than the rest of her. The
giant looked with bleared, kindly eyes,
and answered with a trace of Scotch in his
accent: "Naw, Little Tom, and I seed him j
go into Judge Steele's office an hour ago. j
Did you want him bad?" The big eyes ]
lighted, and at the same time Little Tom }
was distinctly disappointed. If daddy j
was in the office he was certainly sober,
but alas, he was out of her reach. Saloons
and stores were open to her will, but
courthouse and office were forbidden
ground.
"Set here on the bench with me and I'll
tell you a story till yer dad comes out," 1
NURSED BY A WOLF
LIKE RUDYARD KIPLING'S MOWGLI.
Mowgli, in Rudyard Kipling's "Jungle
Book," is not entirely imaginary. It is
not a particularly unusual thing for wolves
to steal babies in India, and after taking
the infants home to raise them with their
own whelps, says the New York World.
That was the story of Mowgli. He grew
up with wolves as foster parents, learned
all about the other animals and their hab
its, and became familiar with the bandar
log folks, the monkeys. The analysis of
the bandar-log characteristics in the
"Jungle Book" suit many people as ac
curately as does any character in fiction.
Mowgli was an inquisitive child, and as he
was always asking question?, and was for
tunate in securing and remembering the
answers, he learned a vast deal about all
the wild inhabitants of the jungle.
There is one of these man-wolves now in
the Secundra Orphanage, near Agra, In
dia. The facts have been alluded to by
travelers before, but no authentic story of
the case has been published previously.
The secured information came from Dr.
C. S. Valentine, the principal of the Agra
Medical Missionary Training Institute,
who vouched for its truthfulness.
It was in the spring of 1867 that the
wolf-man was first seen. A party of na
tives were hunting game in the jungles of
Bulandshahr, in Northwestern India.
These jungles are extensive and unfre
quented and teem with wild beasts. It is
in such places that the scene of Kipling's
"Jungle Book" i 3 laid, and in them the
wild animals are seldom molested and
they are a law unto themselves. Native
hunters prowl around the edges and
rarely enter the dense jungles.
While looking for game the natives dis
covered a stray wolf. They followed her
to her den on top of a small hillock. Near
the den was a large rock, and on top of
this was a curious, dark-looking object.
As the hunters approached it rose and the
startled natives saw that it was a half-
grown boy. The uncouth youngster ran
away on all fours and entered the cave
with the wolf which had been pursued.
The frightened hunters were so alarmed
that they returned to the village of Bu
landshahr and reported what they had
se,en to the magistrate, who advised them
to return and try to capture the child. A
I party was formed and the hunters led the
! way to the hillock. A fire was built at the
mouth of the cave, so that the smoke
would enter the orifice. After waiting for
some time the wolf ran out and was killed.
Almost simultaneously the child dashed
out, and after some difficulty was caught.
The boy fought desperately. He bit and
scratched, and before he was overpowered
and securely bound several of the natives
j had been bitten and two or three of them
j had received ugly wounds. The wild thing
\ had enormous strength and was as fierce
'as any wolf. Even after he was tied the
I little fellow snarled and snapped at any
one that approached, and it was with much
difficulty that he was finally carried away
offered the giant, as he settled himself in a
corner where a post cast a shadow. At t!ie
word "story" Little Tom, whose feet had
been set in the way of righteousness
homeward — hesitated and was lost.
Seated on the bench, very close to the
story-teller, her feet were straight out
over the edge, her head was against
Aleck's arm. It made i> picture there in
the afternoon sunlight, and more than one
passer smiled at the queer couple — the
very grave little lamb curled up against
the bitr, unsteady lion.
Alex Stuart knew many books and he
also knew Little Tom. It was no fairy
tale he poured into her eager ear, it was
the story of Alexander the Great, told in
plain, strong language. His drunken
fancy made it seem real to him, and when
he finished with these words, "Then he
wept," Little Tom wept because there
were no more worlds to conquer. "Poor
Alexander, he wept," the giant was weep
ing freely in maudlin sympathy, while
the little maid waited with composure for
his tears to cease that she might suggest
another story.
The other story never came. Instead
came a stern voice — "Mary, get down this
minute and come with me. Where's your
father?"
Scrambling down in a hurry Little Tom
went obediently with her father's friend,
only hanging back a little when he threw
open Judge Steele'3 office door. She stood
in awe of the Judge, who reminded her of
the picture of Abraham Lincoln in daddy's
big book, and besides daddy had for
bidden her coming into the office.
Her captor was both angry and in a
hurry, and witli the introduction, "1
found her on a bench in front of the Last
Chance with Aleck Stuart, drunk as a
lord, crying all over her. Goodness knows
what he has been saying to her," he
slammed the door again and was gone.
There was silence in the ofiice as the
two men looKed at the little downcast
figure waiting for daddy to pronounce
sentence. Fat child and spare man were
curiously alike. Lawyer Tom's eyes be
gan to twinkle when a tear rolled off the
funny nose, and picking her up and set
ting heron the edge of the high desk he
commanded, "Tell the Judge what Aleck
said to you."
Folding the chubby hands Little Tom
raised her eyes to the Judge's face and
almost word for word she repeated the
tale of the one Alexander as it had been
told to her by the other Alexander.
Warming with her story she forgot her
awe of the Judge and her body shook and
the pigtail vibrated anew as she described
the wondrous feats until her hero had
conquered the world and then she gave a
sigh and stopped. "Well, and then?"
prompted the Judge, whose face was full
of interest.
Little Tom was silent. She swung one
foot, from which the untied shoestring
dangled. At last she sighed again and
looked up. "I guess he was drunk," she
remarked.
"Why do you think so, Little Tom?"
asked the Judge.
"He cried," went on the child, with dis
gust in her voice. "He just sat down and
cried 'cause he didn't have any more to
fight with. Aleck Stuart cried too — he
was drunk. Don't you guess Alexander
was drunk when he cried, daddy ?"
"I gues9 you'd better run home and ask
your mother what she thinks about it,"
laughed her father. He set her down,
gave her that supposed panacea of child
hood — a dime— opened the door and
watched the sturdy figure up the street.
Both men smiled as she trudged along,
deep in the memory of Alexander, and
trying to reconcile his tears with his great
deeds. Just before she turned the corner
she nodded to herself decidedly and they
almost heard her say, "He was drunk."
O. £. H.
The boy seemed to be about 7or 8 years
old, but had three times the strength of the
usual boy of that age. His head was cov
ered with a mat of hair, which fell down
over his face. His body was indescribably
unclean. He moved on all fours and could
not be induced to stand erect. There was
quite a growth of hair on the body, which
was covered with scars. The head was
small and the brow low and receding.
The eyes were grayish and constantly in
motion. They constantly squinted, which
gave the boy a mean look. The face was
small, thin and wrinkled, and two cica
trices on the cheeks told of deep bites that
had at some time been inflicted. Evidently
the poor creature had been roughly used
and had been compelled to fight many
times for food and life.
Some days after the boy was captured the
magistrate sent him to the Secundra Or
phanage. As he entered that institution
on Saturday he was named Sanichar, and
by that name he is still known. For a
long time after he was placed in the or
phanage he refused to act like a human,
being. He persisted In eating his food
from the ground, picking up vegetables
with his lips and gnawing raw meat from
the bones with his teeth.
When captured it was soon learned that
Sanichar was deaf and dumb. This ren
dered the teaching of the boy more diffi
cult. As no teacher was available who had
had experience with deaf-mutes, little was
attempted in teaching him. He was left
alone to grow as he pleased. He gradually
dropped some of his old habits and be
came partially civilized, but he remained
mute and morose.
He has consented to wear clothes and
I will eat off a plate. But he refuses to use
.a knife or fork, preferring to convey the
j food from his plate with his. fingers.
He has learned to walk erect, but he
occasionally drops on all fours, in which
position he can move with remarkable
speed. When standing erect he is five feet
two inches high. When walking he lifts
his feet high, like a stringhalted horse, or
as though he were wading in wet grass.
When awake he is always moving, and
his eyes have a restless appearance, as
thousrh he were expecting an attack from
an unseen enemy. When he walks all the
muscles of his body jerk; and he swings
his arms as though they materially as
sisted him. His head is constantly turn
ing from one side to the other.
Sanichar is now about 36 years old, and
the conditions of his early lile must always
remain a mystery. He is docile enough
now, but his eyes always have a hungry
look, and he is suspicious of every one.
Dr. Valentine has studied Sanichar a
I great deal, but is unable to make much of
him. What he knows* however, almost
makes a person believe in the legend of
Romulus and Remus, and the poor, half
savage creature Sanichar is living proof
that Rudyard Kipling's Mowgli has ex
isted in fact as well as in fiction.
2526
A NEW ORNAMENTAL
TREE FOR CALIFORNIA.
It Is a Near Relative to the
American Sycamore.
Tested at the State University Sta
tions—Cheap, Healthy. Hardy
and Quick in Growing.
Many letters, and at all seasons of the
year, come to me and others who are sup
posed to know something about trees, ask
ing for information upon cheap, healthy,
hardy and rapid-growing species for aye
nues and ornament. These questions
are more oft n asked in summer than in
winter, for it is in summer that the need of
shade is more felt.
There are certainly hundreds of desirable
species of trees fit for the general planter.
But 1 propose in this article to name and
describe one particularly useful and long
neglected deciduous tree which the aver
age land-owner is justified in planting for
quicfc returns in solid satisfaction. In
order to avoid any misunderstanding, I
will say to begin with that the Oriental
plane (Platanus orientalis) is a near rela
tive of the American sycamore. Never
theless, for the purposes indicated in this
article, it is far superior to that tree aud
should not be despised because its poor re
lation is already in our canyons. It is,
perhaps, unfortunate that ii has been in
troduced under the name of European
sycamore instead of its ancient title of
plane. While "only a sycamore," it is
undoubtedly the best and most handsome
species of that family.
Californians who have been in the lead
ing cities of Europe cannot have failed to
observe the tali, stately specimens of plane
trees in Lomlon, Paris, Brussels, Vi- j
enna, Milan and elsewhere. Indeed, it
is reputed to be the only tree that will
thrive on the famous Victoria embank
ment along the Thames, and its powers of j
resistance to soot, gas and chemicals of i
various sorts is quite remarkable. Its ;
sturdy, upright growth enables it to with
stand the sea winds better than most de
ciduous trees. It would certainly thrive
where many other species wouli fail in j
and around San P'rancisco and on the I
water-front. The use of the plane tree in i
California will, therefore, introduce no j
new problems, for the tree is of the easiest ;
culture and has been thoroughly tested j
in various parts of Europe, from the fog '
lands to the south lands.
The State University has tested this tree
at most of its stations, its growth is very j
satisfactory, and the very important fact !
has been proved that the Oriental plane
will endure a large amount of alkali with
out injury. A just-published report of
the agricultural experiment stations says •
of Platanus orientalis: "Thi-- tine rree has I
lately attracted much attention as
a stately and hardy street tree,
thriving under many adverse conditions.
It will grow from cuttings and seed; it
is a very rapid grower and deserves to be
extensively planted, especially in hot, dry
districts. It also withstands the sea-winds
better than the lindens and elms. But the
chief value of this tree will be in the alkali
districts, where it may safely be recom
mended for extensive planting as the
largest alkali-resisting tree yet tested. Its
fnel value per cord will be somewhat j
greater than our native sycamore, while it<
timber value, under proper conditions, S
should be considerable, the trunk being j
straight and tail, while the wood is exten
sively used in Europe for domestic utensils
and furniture.
Three trees of European sycamore are I
growing at the Tulare station and the '
largest stands upon extremely bad alkali !
soil. This tree, six years old from seed, j
when measured in the summer of 1895,
stood twenty-six feet high (six feet to the (
lowest branches) and its girth three feet
from the ground was twenty-four inches.
It has been five years planted at the sta- '
tion. An acre of such trees set close so as j <
to make clean trunks, would probably be
ready for thinning and furnish consider
CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE FOR THE DEAF AND BLIND AT BERKELEY - ITS TEACHERS AND GRADUATING CLASS
When we think o! the system of public
schools we usually think of the grammar
and high schools and their culmination in
the State University, but on the gentle
slopes of the Berkeley hills, overlooking
the fair cities of the bay, is the purest
jewel in the crown.
It is thought by many that the institu
tion for the deaf and the blind is a half
charity-haif-pay place, where these af
flicted children are taken care of and
educated. It is as truly a part of the
public school system of California as the
grammar schools. No tuition fee is ex
pected or accepted.
There are in all fourteen instructors —
eleven for the deaf and three for the blind.
During the past year 213 pupils have been
received, ana a class of six mutes gradu
ated and one blind pupil was honorably
dismissed.
Pupils are given seven years' instruc
tion. The rule used to be seven yeass
after the age of 12, but with the modern
idea they are taken at seven years, or even
younger, at the discretion of the man
agers. If a child has a good home, and is
under good influences, the principal would
rather let him remain at home uutil the
age of 10.
The principal, "Warring Wilkinson. M. A.,
has been with the institution thirty-one of
the thirty-six years of its existence. He
has seen the school moved from a crowded
lot in the Mission to the large and lovely
quarters they now occupy. He saw it de
stroyed by fire in 1875, and the present
buildings are of his planning. Not only
has he studied the best invitations of the
kind in the Eastern States, but he has ex
amined those of Europe in search of the
best methods. No one who conies* in con
tact with his strong and genial nature can
doubt that he is the right man in the right
place.
His brother, Charles Wilkinson, who is
the head of the blind department, has
printed many textbooks for his pupils in
the raised type.
Professor Otto Fleissner of San Fran
cisco is, as one of the teachers says, the
head of the wind department. He teaches
music.
The instructors of the deaf are C. 8.
Perry. M.A., Theodore Grady, 8.L.,
Frank O'Donnell, Henry Frank, Miss
SI, A. Dutch, Mis* L. Xour.se, Theophilus
d Katrella, N. F. Whipple, Mi-s L. M off at.
Those of the blind are Charles Wilkin
son Miss A. Parker, Miss Mary Eastman.
Now, as to what these teachers do and
how i hey do it. Tnose who were present
daring the exercises last Tuesday, or who
r';iil tl:e account of them, know some
tbingol the result, but could know trom
them ah oiutely nothing of the force and
machinery ti:at produced the result. Miss
Moffat, the teacher of articulation, could
tell them a story of the patient endeavor,
the constau repetition and the concen
able firewood by the sixth year. The tree
will thrive where it is too cold for any
i eucalypt, and will grow on alkali soil too
' strong for E. globnlus."
At the Southern California station, near
Pomona, the plane tree has shown itself
to be one of the most satisfactory of shade
\ trees out of some fifty species which are
| well tested. Here, as elsewhere in Cali
fornia, the plane grows rapidly, withstand
ing wind and drought. While there are
trees that grow with less rainfall the
! plane is notable for its power to push its
roots deep into underlying gravel and seek
i out the needed water supply. In this it
resembles its California relative and some
of the desert willows, which grow where
! even a pine finds a start difficult. Still a
! fairly good soil and moderate rainfall are
necessary for growth. The plane is not a
| tree of the arid belt, but it has great
adaptability to har-h conditions.
Turning now to a more minute account
: of the species we find tiiat the Oriental
piane, so celebrated in history and htera
: ture, is one of the finest trees of Asia
Minor, growing to a height ol from sixty
I to eignty feet, with wide branches and a
massive trunk, forming altogether a noble
tree. The growth is very rapid, and young
trees have an especially well-balanced and
shapely appearance. If it grows too large
for a shade or street tree in the place de
sired the trunk can easily be cut off and a
new shoot be allowed to rise from the
roots. It is found wild in Greece, the
Caucasus and as far east as Persia.
The most famous plane known in the
world is the great clustered tree which
until recently stood at Buyukdere, in Asi
j atic Turkey, described by many travelers, j
; and estimated by DeCandole to be over \
1 2000 years old. It presented theappear
j ance of seven or eight closely united
trunks growing around the decayed base
of a still older tree. The circle thus formed j
was 141 feet in circumference.
I The Oriental plane tree is remarkably
i free from lichens, fungi, insects and dis
! ea3e. The wood is valuable for cabinet
i work anu furniture, and the Persians con
j sider it one ol the most beautiful of
i woods for finishing purposes. The grain
is smooth, and takes a high polish. When
oiled it resembles walnut. In most re
' spects the wood can be classed with that j
jof the beech. Hardly any deciduous
1 shade tree excludes the sun as well in sum
mer, or admits as much sunlight in winter
i trated attention that takes the place of the
j lacking senses.
The congenital mute can be taught to
! speak. Do not, however, imagine he will
: be turned out a fluent conversationalist.
| This is not the age of miracle?, though
the fact that a child who has never heard
a sound can be taught to make his needs
j known by plainly spoken words, and can
1 read the motions of another's lips, ap
, proaches as near the miraculous as we
j usually get. The semi-mute, one who was
once able to talk and who has lost the
power throuuh becoming deaf, is able to
WARRING WILKINSON, M.A., L.11.D.
Principal.
TH. lESfRKLLA, Teacher of the Deaf.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
fas does the plane. Like the Salisburia, it
I is particularly well adapted to harmonize
i with architectural effects, presenting a
i combination of gracefulness, variety of
' color and peculiar dignity. The grayish
white bark goes well with walls or rough
stone, roadsides and pavements. The
grayish green foliage also harmonizes with
prevailing summer tint?, while always
fresh and healthy. The large roots oi this
tree clog drain-pipes and sewers to a much
less degree <han do tlie eucalypti.
Tiiere are a number of nursery varieties
of the plane tree varying considerably in
shape and size of leaves, or in mode of
growth, but the ordinary upright type is as j
satisfactory as any, and is tne most popu- j
lar in Europe. Trees can be produced j
cheaply and rapidly by nurserymen, and
to any desired extent, so that planting on
a large scale is easly possible.
Platanaceie, the order to wnich the
plane belongs, includes six or seven
' species, a'l natives of the temperate zones,
chiefly of North America and Mexico. P.
Orientalis, the subject of this article, is
European sycamore, as previously stated.
P. Occidentalis, the American sycamore,
or buttonwood of the West, is much less j
valuable for avenue purposes, has little re
sistance to alkali, and is subject to serious
leaf disease. As a tree, the latter is a!9o
less hardy, seldom grows so straight and
well-proportioned and furnishes timber of
less value. P. racemosa is the California
species, much resembling P. Occidentalis.
It would b? easy to continue these notes
upon the plane tree and its relations, but !
enough has been said to give the reader
an idea of the value of the Oriental
species. There are many trees which the
landscape gardener would name before it I
for lawns and the home acre; there are
many more charming blossom-Dearing or
fruit-bearing trees for single specimens: |
there are many finer and grander trees j
for the amateur and the specialist; there
are many trees which will produce more !
valuable timber. But the street and shade j
tree for the everyday use of everyday ;
communities in California will be a tree |
like the Oriental plane. It is certainly j
worth the attention of our citizens, for it
will thrive equally well in the Coast Range
valleys in Southern California, in the San
Joaquin, ai d in the Sacramento valleys.
In fact it has a wider climatic range than ,
either of the American species, while its
decided alkali-resisting power is wonh re
membering. Charles H. Shinn.
A CLASS IN COOKING AT THE CALII OKMA INSTITUTE FOR TUE DLAF AND THE BUND AT BERKELEY.
ItabfUr, Hrnnetsey,
San Franeiieo. ,
• "■■ ■':■'■ "' _ \
G I.'ert,
Ant och.
GRADUATING CLASS OF THE DEAF AND BLIND INSTITUTE AT BLRKLLEY.
THE BLACK-HEADED
GROSBECK`S ARRIVAL.
A Study of the Family Affairs of
Treetop Inhabitants.
The California Canary Is a Good House-
Father— Something About the
Birds of the City.
Sitting behind a great clump of the wav
ing southern-wood this morning watching
the labors of a pair of brown towhees to
keep tilled four gaping little mouths,
clamoring in a near-by nest, my ears were
suddenly greeted by a burst of melody.
Up, up the scale ran the liquid notes, only
to fall again in a rippling torrent of sweet
sound that satisfied and delighted the ear
as fresh sprinewater cools and delights the
throat on a hot day. Then up again sprang
the song to end in the melodious and cnar
acteristic call "Sweet! Sweet! Sweet!
Here-I-am! Here-I-am! Here-I-am!"
There was no mistaking it. The black
headed grosbeak had come, and was al
ready engaged in a melodious duel with
some rival, for from a distant tree 1 im- j
mediately heard the song defiantly an- j
swered. This is a favorite trick of these
birds during the mating season. I have
lain by the hour, sheltered in a tree, lis
tening, enraptured, to the vocal contests of
two of them for the favor of a demure little
feathered lady who perched upon a live
oak bough, looking at and listening to
everythine apparently save the songful
rivals who were evidently suing for her
favor.
But where was the chap whose singing
sounded so close at hand? Vainly I
scanned the tall eucalyptus trees on every
aide. .Right above me I spied an oriole,
| worm in beak, hovering fatherlywise over
a perfect beauty of ornithological archi
tecture. At any other time the sight
would have held me spellbound, but some
thing more wonderful even than this now
claimed my attention. Over by the big
willow I caught a flash of black and white
wings, and in another moment I was
snugly established along a thick, low
hanging branch, with my fieldglass lev
eled at the songster. The black-headed
grosbeak is rather a handsome bird, with
shining black head, an orange-colored
| collar and black and white wings. These,
with his heavy olive-colored bill, and,
! above all, his clear, loud song, will serve
to identify him to the most casual ob
server. The only other bird he can possi
bly be confounded with is the Oregon tow
hee, and, although I know this mistake is
sometimes maie, it is not clear to me how
it can be. The Oregon towhee has a black
head and the black and white wings, but
t;e has not the orange-yellow collar of the
grosbeak, and his sides are a light chest- i
nut-brown. His bill, too, is slenderer and
black, and there is no music in his soul.
He has only a querulous, cat-like, mewing
call, that has won for him the name of the
Oregon catbird.
Farther out upon the branch where the
erosbeak was sinking sat the lady of his
choice, this time evidently considering
him very seriously. Low he lay along tte
branch, his wings dragging at his side, his
tail slightly spread, his head moving from
side to side in the suggestive, serpent
like way characteristic of birds in court
ship and in combat, and all the while he
poured forth a low, bubbling, tender song,
very different from the clear, loud melody
of a few moments before. There was
sometning so exquisitely loverlike in the
whispered notes that it is hard to see how .
the plain little hen resisted his advances.
She did, however, and presently flew
away, leaving him disconsolate.
I have never been able to learn just what
decides the female bird in her acceptance
of a mute. I have seen one take up with
the victor in a combat, and I have known
one to fly off witli the vanquished con
testant, leaving his rival in victorious pos
session of the field, but minus the lady.
Again, I have seen a song-sparrow scorn
the advances of a perfect specimen of song
sparrowhood and mate witn a forlorn i
Mabel Orand,
San Francisco.
William Onlflioell,
Their Teachrr.
little chap without the vestige of a tail.
The mating and nesting ways of our birds
are not the least interesting of their charm
ing performances. Now that vacation is be
ginning, and our City folk are flitting hill
ward and canyonward, there is a delight
ful held here for a study that will store up
a fund of pleasant memories against the
season of our winter's discontent.
That quarrelsome little chap, the com
mon English sparrow, for instance, is a
most engaging paterfamilias. Seeing him
in this capacity, one is inclined to forgive'
him all his rowdyish ways and his pugna
city for the sake of his kindly chivalry
and forbearance under very trying circum
stances. Just above my window, all the
spring, a pair of these birds have made
their home. This week the young birds
are hatched, and father sparrow has had a
hard time of it, for his better half, 1 regret
to state, is a most egregious little domestic
tyrant. She has apparent hysterical at
tacks, during which she will not lei him
approach the nest. She will pounce upon
him as he flits homeward; and, at times,
seems to find serious fault with him as a
provider. Once I saw her actually compel
him to drop the nice fat little bug he had
brought and fly away, while she followed,
scolding like a veritable virago and mak
ing feints at him in the air. But I have
never seen him show any resentment of
her conduct. Sometimes he will retire
around the corner of the house, where he
will sit, holding his crumb or bug, until
she has flown off, when he will appear, de
posit the morsel in one of the uplifted
beaks and depart in search of another
mouthful. Sometimes he equats upon the
ground with a queer, deprecating little
hutich of th.' shoulders and waits until
she has said her say and graciously per
mits him to advance and feed their vocifer
ating offspring; but never, evon when she
has dealt him half a dozen vigorous pecks
with her sharp bill, has he shown any dis
position to retaliate or administer the
chastisement he might be justified in
thinking she merited.
Another dear little house-father is the
so-called California canary. In a bush,
just in front of my window, a pair of these
have built a round, compact, ?oft little
nest. The little hen has just finished lay
ing her complement of eggs and has just
begun to set. Nothing could be prettier
than the attention paid her by her devoted
little mate. He hovers about the bush.
Caroline Craicford,
Berkeley.
Isadore Davis,
Oakland.
encouragine her with little snatches of
song, and seems to spare no pains for her
entertainment. He even relieves her in
her maternal task while she goes for an
occasional brief outing. He has not her
confiding nature, however, for if I ap
proach the nest while he is on it he is off
like a flash, while she, albeit maintaining
an alert head and watchful eye, will let
me come close beside the nest. Once,
when I came nearer than she liked, she
half arose and greeted me with an inter
rogatory "cheep!" whereupon I retired,
feeling that her right in the premises ex
ceeded my own.
An interesting and beautiful bird that is
unusually plentiful about the bay this
summer is the Lazuli Bunting. I have
never before seen them in such numbers
as have appeared this year. They have
even invaded the City, nesting in the trees
about Russian Hill. The Lazuli Bunting is
one of the handsomest birds we have about
here. "Bluecap," the country boys call
him. He is somewhat smaller than a spar
row, with head and shoulders of a beauti
ful lazuli blue, and a necktie of orange
red under his chin. The wings and tail
ieathers are deep blue, shading into black,
and the breast and underparts are a light
gray. The female might almost be mis
taken for a sparrow, so plain is she in her
garb of soft Quaker-gray, but despite her
sober colorins she is one of the most daint
ily graceful creatures to be imagined. I
have come across a great many of their
nests this spring, carefu;ly constructed of
grass and soft, pliable twigs, cunningly
shaped and lined with horsehair, of which
they use a great deal in building, but in
nearly every instance the nests are so care
lessly placed that the chances for the
young birds coming to maturity seem very
slim.
They build beside pathways and among
the thistles and in wayside bushes, with
no attempt at concealment, and their
pretty blue eegs are a constant temptation
to nest-hunting schoolboys. The birds,
too, seem to hud their own beauty a perili
for they are being snared by the hundred
for the dealers, who dub them the "Indigo
birds," perhaps on the same principle that
Lord Dundreary called his brother Robert,
"because his name was Frederick." for the
Lazuli Bunting has nothing whatever
not even his color — in common with the
Indigo bird. Moreover, he is not a
specially sweet singer and he dors not take
kindly to captivity. Adeline Knapp.
converse mufh more fluently than the
congenital mute with the same training,
for his brain has had impressions of
sound and he has a knowledge of colloqui
alisms. A child who' loses nis hearing
when about 5 years old will lose his
speech in a year at least, and have to be
taught just as those are who are born
deaf. The mute learns to talfc by using
hi* eyes, and then imitating the position
and movements of his teacher's mouth
and chest. He feeis, with his fingers on
his throat, the vibration caused by sound
HENRY FRANK, Teacher of the Deaf.
C. T. WILKINSON, Teacher of the Blind.
HOW THE RACCOON
STRAITS WERE NAMED
Told in Letters Submitted by
Professor Davidson.
In 1814 a British Frigate Stopped
There for R pairs— She Spelled
It Wi;h Two C's.
"Speaking of Raccoon Strait, between
Angel Island and the shore of Marin
County," said the secretary of the Califor
nia Historical Society, in conversation a
j few days since, "reinin is me that I have
| among the papers here one that bears
} upon the naming of that strait," and the
secretary produced the document, which
proved to be a copy of a letter written by
Professor George Davidson to General W.
W. Duffield, superintendent of Coast and
Geodetic Survey, and is as follows:
The matter of the spelling of "Raccoon"
Strf.it, San Francisco Bay, having been sub
muted to me by Henry Gannett, chairman of
the hoard of Geographical Names, I answered
that the name was applied after the British
vessel-o>war Raccoon, which was repaired in
Raccoon Strait in 1814.
As a matter of record I beg to make the fol
lowing report to you:
I called upon the United States Surveyor-
General lor California for such information as
he could give irom the Spanish archives.
Through the assistance of R. C. Hopkins, for
many years keeper of those records, I have ob
tained the following memoranda:
Frigate Raccoon, Port of San Fco., I
MCii 4th, 1814. j
Wm. Black, Captain, to Oov'r Arrillaga: Soma
seamen have deserted; asks assistance to have
them returned. Has lost a number of his crew
from sickness and den m. Is short of men.
Frigate Raccoon, Port of San Fco.J
Mc:: 29th, 1814. j
To His Excellency Governor Joaquin Arrillaga:
His British Majesty's ship Raccoon having uu
lortunately struck on thr bar in getting out of
the Columbia River and a great part of the
powiler being damaged and rendered unfit for
use I have to request that your Excellency let
me have a supply of 1400 or 1500 pounds of
powder, to be furnished, for which I will give
receipts or bills on the British Government,
that I may be able to put the remaining part
of my orflers into execution.
I am happy to inform your Excellency that
the Raccoon is now repaired and is getting
ready for sea again. I hope within ten or
twelve days, with your Excellency's assist
ance, to be perfectly ready.
I am, with great respect, your Excellency's
most obedient humble servant,
William Black, Captain.
The following is a letter from Senor Don
Luis Arguello to the Governor of Cali
fornia:
April 29, 1814.
On the 19th of the present month the tiritish
frinate Raccoon, commaii'led by 151ack, :it 3 o'clock
in ihe afternoon sail"d from this port, bound for
Monterey, and, as the commander informed me.
from .Monterey he would proceed to the Sandwich
Islands, in pursuit of the Anglo-Americanos.
Mr Hopkins informs mo thai the ropori atnou;
ihe old Caifoninns whs that tb>- vessel wasro
paired at Kaccoon Cove, Angel Island, Kacco >v
Strait.
From these letters it appears that Cap
tain Black has considerable difficulty
with the name of the then Gov
ernor, and that the amount of powder he
wanted to secure, probably a considerable
amount for an English frigate, would in
these days make but three loads for a
modern piece of United States ordnance.
Assassinations of a Century.
1. Czar Paul, cbnKed to death in 1801.
2. Sultan Selim 111, strangled in I^oß.
3. Count Kapodistrias, President of the
Greek republic, murdered at Nauplia in
1831.
4. Duke Charles of Parma, murdered In
1854
5. President Abraham Lincoln, shot in
18&5.
6. Michael Obrenovic, Prince of Servia,
stabbed in 1868 in Belgrade.
7. Salnave, President of Hayti, shot in
1870.
8. Dr. Garcia Moreno, President of
Ecuador, murdered in Quito in 1875.
9. Sultan Abul-Aziz, stabbed in 1876.
10. President James A. Garfleld, shot in
1881.
11. Czar Alexander 11, killed by a bomb
in 1881.
12. Sadi-Carnot, President of France,
stabbed at Lyons in 1894.
13. Shah Jsazr-ed-Din of Persia, shot in
Teheran in 1896.
ing the vowels. The alphabet taught
them is one of sounds and resembles the
alphabet of stenography.
It used to cost $10,000 to equip a printing
office for the blind. The modern office
fitted up in the Berkeley institution cost
$300. Formerly the letters themselves
were raised and one who was not blind
could read them. This system is being
superseded by the Braille system of raised
points, which is all Greek to one who has
not learned the Braille alphabt. Word
signs are coming in, too, reminding one of
stenography fegain.
There is a typewriter which makes copy
in the Braille points. It has only six keys
combinations of which make all the signs
and letters. One blind girl, whose soft,
brown eyes looked as if they could see,
wrote on this machine for me thirty-eight
words a minute.
In the printing office there is a stereo
typer of marvelous simplicity, taking up
no more room than a boy's turning lathe,
and a manifolder, which is an exaggerated
wringer.
A sheet of zinc is slipped into the stereo
type r, which has treadles to work little
pointed punches; then the keys are played
upon as in typewriting, and out comes a
zinc sheet from which endless copies may
be made. Three sheets of dampened pa
per are placed over the stereotyped zinc, a
pad of rubber put on top and the whole
run through the wringer. This gives three
finished copies of a page.
The music is written the same way and,
strange to say, takes up much less" room
than ours, because they have many little
signs for repetition, change of key, etc.
Twelve of the sheets for the blind contain
often twenty-six sheets of our music.
Here let me correct a popular mistake.
The blind are not taught to play by ear.
They learn music by note, just as other
people do, only more thoroughly, for ev
ery piece must be learned by heart before
it can be played. Think of the memory
work when listening to the wonderful har
monies falling from a blind player's fin
gers.
A musician from this school is as com
petent to teach music as a person with
sight.
There are trades classes, cooking classes
sewing classes; there are kind voices'
loving faces, beautiful surroundings'
Truly He does "temper the wind to the
shorn lamb."
GKristiarx Science Gamp-Meeting.
i went out to camp-meeting yesterday
and heard a man give in his "testimony"
thus: "It is nineteen years since the doc
tor told my wife that I could not live
three days. She has been dead sixteen
years, glory hallelujah ! and I weigh ten
pounds more than I did then."
Every time you ' share a grief you
double it. *Opportunity.
Here is something for all our young
people to study over. How can we throw
away "the key of yesterday?"
OPPOETTJNITY.
The key of yesterday
I threw away.
And now. too late,
Before to-morrow's close-locked gate
Helpless I stand— in vain to pray !
In vain to sorrow !
Only the key of yesterday
I nlocks to-morrow.
(Wo ]I2a<*aenj\
I know a winsome little maid,
So fair to see —
Her face is like a dainty flower.
So lovingly
She looks upon this world of ours,
And all who pass.
That sweet content makes beautiful
My little lass
I know another maiden well.
Bhe might be fair—
Her cheek is like a rose leaf soft,
Like gold her hair.
But ah : her face Is marred by frowns,
Her eyes by tears.
For none can please. I dread to think
Of coining years.
Would you. dear, crow to beauty rare
In thought and deed 7
Then learn the lesson these two teach
To those who heea.
And in your heart, as life begins,
Give this truth place:
'Tis only lovely thoughts can make
A lovely face. —April st. Nicholas.
lDamaf (j^ Eiffel
The court was in a state of terrible ex
citement. Chaboola Boola Khan, king of
the white elephants, trembled as he cried
aloud for his guards till his gold-embossed
tusks danced about like sunbeams. His
enormous crown, with jewels a foot
"The Duchess Wiped the Tears"
square, was hanging from his left ear, and
his royai robe of purple velvet was all
awry. On the polished floor lay the royal
princesses extended, with their feet in the
air, for they liad all fainted. On stools and
ottomans and divans stood the duchesses
and ladies of honor to the queen, with
Their robes gathered up. They were all
trumpeting away as if to save their lives,
snd the queen was leading the chorus.* In
the distance the courtiers could be seen
flying across the fields, with the king's
I'udyguard well in advance.
The cause of the panic was the invasion
of the palace by a mouse. Elephants, as
is well known, dread mice. The boldest
and most warlike of them dare not con
tend with a mouse, therefore when a
mouse appeared he sauntered down the
"They Sucked Up the River."
main avenue of the garden to the palace
and into the throneroom. On all sides
the guards fled at sight of him. The king,
who was just engaged in an audience with
the embassadorof a subject prince, started
from his seat, and the mouse jumped in
the throne and stood as upright as a grena
dier. At the sight of his bright, cruel eyes
and ({learning teeth, the princesses fell
fainting.
Just as the mouse was going to declaie
himself the monarch of the whole coun
try, no one daring to oppose him, a little
boy and girl entered the room and looked
about them with astonishment. Wnen they
perceived the mouse the whole matter was
explained, and the boy started forward
and with great boldness attacked the
tyrant. The mouse, which was so fierce
witli the elephants, now showed iteelf as
great a coward, for it jumped down and
ran away faster even than the courtiers
had run. The little boy pursued it clear
out of the palace grounds. When he re
turned he found the king overcome with
CHILDHOODS
REALM
j emotion supporting himself with his trunk,
j which was wound about one of the marble
j columns, while two of the stoutest of the
J duchesses wiped his tears away with the
; gieat pillows from the divan.
"Oh, my country, my country," he was
saying, "I feared thou wert lost forever."
After a time his Majesty became more
composed and noticed the little boy, who
stood holding the little girl's hand.
"Brave youth," he said, "thou nast van
| quished the invader. Half of my king
dom is thine."
By this time the news that the mouse
I had fled had spread abroad and the cour
! tiers and the guards returned, the king re
! sumed bis throne, the embassador of the
' subject prince came back from the garden,
i where he had been vainly trying to climb
; a tree ever since the invader appeared.
The court resumed its magnificence, and
the little boy and girl, whose clothes were
none of the best, looked strangely out of
place. The king again addressed the brave
young stranger:
"Speak, youth, and claim what reward
yon will. My gratitude knows no bounds."
—Outlook.
At this the little boy answered boldly,
"Your majesty, for myself I want nothing,
but for this little girl I beg a morsel of
bread, as we have wandered for days in
the woods and are hungryr"
At this generous speech the courtiers
applauded by stamping on the floor with
their forefeet and trumpeting wildly.
"You shall banquet with me," cried the
king, "and then we will talk of future
plans."
In the banquet-hall the king sat between
the little girl and the boy, and they told
him their story.
"I am a prince," said the boy. "I am
Damar, eon of King Gawar, stolen from
my father Dy the wicked Baruck three
years ago. Baruck' s queen came to our
palace and begged shelter, saying her hus
band was pursuing her for her life. The
queen, my mother, took her in and wept
with her. At midnight she rose up and,
seizing me from my mother's side, fled away
to her own country, for she had plotted
with her husband to do this. Baruck sent
a courier telling my father that his wifa
was mad and had stolen his heir. My
father set out immediately, and when he
arrivei at Baruck's court he was loaded
with chains and confined in a duneeon. A
messenger was sent to my mother telling
her that he was very ill. In great distress
she journeyed after him, only to share his
fate. Baruck then ascended my father's
throne and reigned over both kingdoms.
I was sent to the hut of a poor fisherman,
who treated me like a son, and this is his
daughter, Zella, who is with me. I was
three years of age when the queen stole
me, and I could not make resistance. Now
I am six years of age, and resolved to fight
for my rights."
The little eirl very modestly and sweetly
aided to her foster-brother's tale. She
was resolved, she said, to share all his
trials and dancers.
"And what will you do now?" asked the
king, burying hi 3 trunk in a great golden
trough of honty.
"I will march immediately on the city
where Baruck lives and summon him to
surrender. If he refuses, I will batter
down the gates and take him alive.'
"Brave youtn!" exclaimed the king.
"On one conditition I and vay whole army
will join you."
"What is the condition? " asked tne boy.
"Th».t you will defend my kingdom
against mice whenever the necessity
arises."
With hearty good will the boy gave the
promise, and next day the allied forces set
1 out, one of the great lords of the palace
j carrying the little boy and girl. The king's
army, consisting of thousands of fierce
elephants, spread across the plain. They
made such a dust that King Baruck,
standing on the city wall, could not see
| what it was advancing. He only heard
| the voice of the little boy summoning him
i to surrender, but instead he called ail his
lighting men and began hurling javelins,
darts and great stones from the walls. The
j darts enraged the elephants to such an
I extent tnat, sucking the nearest river
| into their trunks, with all the mud,
I fish, rocks and logs of wood that
were in it, they rushed against the walls,
throwing them down. Against the king and
his fighting men they then discharged the
river, sweeping them away. A log struck
i Baruck and knocked him down, an eel fell
I about his neck and a codfish got down his
back. He fled, howling, and im queen
followed him. The brave young prince re
leased his father and mother from their
prison, and they were restored to their
honors and dignity. In return for the
trespasses of Baruck his kingdom was
declared forfeited and was added to that
of Gawar.
Far from despising his son's feeling for
the little fisher girl, the good king en
couraged their affection, and she was
made a great princess, while her father
became fishmonger extraordinary to the
palace. Great feasts were given in honor
of the white elephants and their king
and a firm alliance was made. Young
Prince Damar made himself such a terror,
to mice that none dare venture to invade
tha territory of bis allies, who easily re
pelled all other foes, and there was happi
ness »n"d peace in all the land.— Chicago
Record.
AW Joy Ei&ly <JWj.
"I'll take you to my favorite restaurant,"
said my friend, the professor, "and we'll
have some breakfast. It isn't a very ex
pensive place, but it's clean, and that's all
I ask. It's just around the corner."
I assented, and we were soon seated at a
table with a smiling waiter standing be
side it.
"It's bam-and-eggs day, sir," he said.
I looked at him in surprise.
"You see,'" explained the professor, u l
find it hard to make up my mind what to
eat, co I choose seven things that I like
and have a day in tne week for each."
"All right," said I, "I'll take ham and
eggs, too."
"Two cups of coffee, please, and oranges
first," my host added as the waiter hur
ried off.
"Did you ever stop to think," asked my
friend, "what a lot of trouble it takes to
fix up such a breakfast?"
"> T o," said I, "but I suppose it does
THE SAX FEANCISGO CALL, SUNDAY, JU>*E 21, 1896.
take some trouble. It has to be cooked." |
"I like to think," he ransed, "of the j
thousands of dollars it takes — "
"Thousands of dollars!" I echoed.
"Yes, thousands of dollars and men and
years of time. And it always makes my
breakfast taste better when I think of it."
"I wish you'd explain. I haven't much
appetite."
"Just suppose, for instance, that you
were to set to work to prepare such a |
breakfast with nobody to help you. That
will help you to realize the trouble that
other people take. Let's take these two
oranges to start with. Thesfi probably
came from California; most of the Florida
crop failed. That means a trip out West."
"Why, how do you make that out?" '
"You must understand that you are to
have no planters or buyers or shippers or
anybody else. You are to do all that
work yourself. Now, an orange tree
yields good fruit in about seven or eight
years. So we can travel to California,
plant a seed and wait, say seven years, for
our two oranges. While we are waiting
we can take ship and visit Hindustan."
"Hindustan! What's that for?"
"I just noticed a lew black spots on top
of that egg. That's pepper and we must
get some. The pepper bush would be
ready in three years, and then we could
prepare our few grains of pepper and be
back in time for oranges. We'd go home
wiser and quite hungry, but it wouldn't be
breakfast time yet.
"The next place would be Brazil, where
we'd raise a few coffee-beans. That would
THE RIDE
OF THE TWO LITTLE BROWNS
A boy that was spare and a girl that was
fair
Were riding from school in town,
With a pony and cart, through the heart
of the mart,
Drove Edgar and Elinor Brown.
The brow of the lad was exceedingly glad,
With never a sign of a frown,
While with grace in her place and a smile
on her face
Rode sweet little Elinor Brown.
But alas for the day and alas for the way,
(O Edgar, O Elinor Brown !)
If a harness were sound would it drop to
the ground
On the smooth, even streets of a town ?
Their carriage was light, they'd no fright
of the night,
Brave Edgar and Elinor Brown!
So they plodded the way of the frolicsome
bay
To their home in the outskirts of town.
take one year. Then on our way back we'd
stop at Cuba for four lumps of sugar. We
could find a little patch of land to raise
cane— that is, unless the insurgents were
too busy raising Cain themselves to give
us a chance. It would take a year to raise
and grind it, and then for home and that
long-delayed breakfast.
"The ham is now about the only trouble
some thing left. We could buy a pig, kill
and dress him— or at least you could; you
are preparing this breakfast, you know —
and cure a ham. Then we'd be nearly
ready. We'd only have to raise a crop of
wheat, grind some of it, make some yeast
and finally a loaf of bread. Then buy a
cow for milk and butter and a hen for the
eggs and procure some salt. We could
dry a little of the ocean for that.
"Then I think we'd all be ready. Of
course I could compel you by the terms of
our agreement to make all the plates, the
cutlery and the glasses, but I'll let you off,
for here comes the waiter."
I watched the professor anxiously as he
dived down into his pockets. I wondered
if he had enough money to pay so enor
mous a bill.
"You see," he said with a smile, "what
a lot 80 centa can buy."
"Some such calculation as that," he ob
served as we rose to go, "helps one to reai
lze these advantages of civilization that
we hear so much about. There are thou
sands of men all over this earth busily
working to furnish you with a breakfast,
and I believe that not one person in a
thousand ever thinks of it."
MARY ELIZABETH STONE.
In a ponyless cart, in the heart of the mart,
Sat Edgar and Elinor Brown,
While the frolicsome bay, with a gay little
neigh,
Went galloping out of the town.
Then laughter broke loud from the men in
the crowd,
For folk love a joke in the town;
But gayest of all in the street or the stall
Were Edgar and Elinor Brown.
'Twas a sight for a dream, this brisk little
team;
Bold Edgar swung strides through the
town,
While with grace in her pace and a hot,
happy face
Ran sweet little Elinor Brown.
TV A^\ (Drrt».
A great many years ago there lived in
quaint old Monterey a young Spanish
fisherman and his beautiful bride.
Every morning long ere the sun had
risen he and Juanita, his wife, went down
to the water's edge where the boats lay.
Now Juanita dreaded always to have him
leave her, even if only for a day, for
she felt that the great blue sea might
carry him down, so she was wont to
throw her arms aronnd his neck
when the time for parting came
and beg him not to leave her; but Juan,
to quiet her fears, would jump jjayly into
his boat and laughingly yet tenderly cry,
"Adios, my beautiful Juanita." Sitting
on the soft sand she watched the tiny
boat until it was only a speck. Then,
when the great sun climbed higher and
higher over the bay and the moon was
sinkine out of sight, she sweetly sang:
Soft o'er the fountain.
Lingering falls tbe southern moon;
Far o'er the mouDtain
Breaks the day too soon.
Jumping np she hastened to her little
adobe house, which stood on a hill over
looking the water, busying herself all day
with simple duties. Evening found her
again on the beach, waiting and watching
for her beloved Juan.
One happy morning lying beside them
was a beautiful baby boy. As they were
looking with love upon him a pure white
dove appeared and perched itself above
the boy.
Joan and Juanita were breathless and
soon all the town came to see the babe and
the white dove.
The parents were happier than ever
after their home had been so blessed.
Their boy grew and was a beautiful
child— so gentle and kind and loving that
the senores and senontas called Him "The
Angel Child."
No other name knew he, and the beauti
ful white dove was his constant compan
ion, either perched on his shoulder or
hopping at his feet
The angel child loved the calm blue
bay and was never so happy as when the
great billows kissed his feet.
His soul was full of music and song and
almost every day he might be seen with
his mamma's guitar, wandering through
the streets, over the hills and into tho
woods, bringing forth sweet strains aa he
went.
Years passed by — then a baby brother
came to the angel child. Happy he
was, indeed, and cried. "Oh, beautiful
mother, 1 shall Bhow him my dearly
loved fairies of the woods. To the water's
edge I'll taice him and summon forth the
water queen and her gay nymphs.
To his ear I'll hold my guitar and all
the music of the birds and the soft notes
of the trees and flowers and grasses he
will hear."
Juanita could say no word to her angel
child, for her heart filled with sadness,
while her eyes shone with love blinded by
her tears, as she looked upon his sweet
face.
When another year had passed the baby
brother had gone; left the poor angel
child grieving. His guitar brought forth
no more notes of joy and gladness.
It was Christmas night. The rain fell in
torrents, while the great billows from the
angry sea dashed against the rocks of the
shore.
Inside the tiny house "the angel child"
was going to God. In the next room, coo
ing and moaning, beating its wings against
the window-pane, was the dove, grieving
for its companion.
Ere the sun was in the east the sweet
spirit of the fisherman's child had passed
away.
When Juanita left the bedside of her boy
she found the bird lying cold and stiff in
death.
The sorrowing ones placed the two side
by side, and over their grave hovers ever a
snow-white dove. Maude Westphal.
Would Rather Work Than Be Idle
A gentleman once advertised for a man
to look after his pony and to attend to the
garden as well. Several applied for the
place, out of which the gentleman picked
four, and told them to come the next
morning for an interview. Accordingly,
at the time appointed, they came; but
the gentleman, wishing to try them, told
his servant to say that he would see
them in half an hour. One said he could
not stand about all that time, so he went
off to the public-house; another said he
would nave a pipe, so he sat down on the
doorstep and smoked the time away; the
third took out a book and read; but the
fourth, seeing some weeds growing up,
began to work, and cleared the yard by the
time the gentleman was ready for them.
The fourth was the one chosen, for, said
the gentleman, "a man who will willingly
work for another in his own time will be
sure not to waste his master's time" ; and
so he got the situation, because he would
rather work than do nothing.
H. Berkeley Score.
She Could Count.
A poorly clad little girl went into a sta
tioner's shop the other day. She wished
to buy some writing-paper, and finally
was shown some at 15 cents a quire.
"How much will naif a quire be?" she
inquired in a plaintive little voice.
"Ten cents, replied the assistant.
"If you please, I'll take the other half."
A Littie Shaver.
A gentleman was shaving himself, when
his little daughter, aged 6, found her way
into the room. Presently her elder sister
entered and said :
"May, come out; you mustn't stay here
while papa is shaving."
"I guess I can, then," replied the little
wit. quickly ; "I guess I can, 'cause papa
says I'm a little shaver."
A Garter
Snake That Felt Like an
Electric Shock.
Told by E. W. Haughton of Duant, Tulare County.
In the early '50's I was placer miningon Sher
locks Creek in Mariposa County. One warm
summer morning, while engaged in what min
ers call stripping— l. c., clearing off a piece of
bedrock— l uncovered an unusually brilliant
garter-snake. It represented all the colors of
the rainbow and was so bright and beautiful
that I resolved to preserve it. I tied its head
and tail together and usea it as a band for my
straw hat. I resumed my work and pretty
soon forgot all about the novel hatband I was
wearing. My dress was in accord with the
warm weather, and consisted simply of a pair
of blue overalls and a loose hickory shirt.
Now, the snake being alive and naturally re
senting its rather unusual position, in Ha en
deavors to escape gradually twisted and
squirmed itself up over the crown of my hat.
From there it fell to the brim and then dropped
down between my shirt and warm-persplring
flesh, a long living coil of twisting ice.
A shock from Edison's best and biggest
battery would pale into insignificance in com
parison. In the fraction of a second that
shirt lay in ribbons at my feet and the poor
harmless snake became a mangled mass under
the heavy soles of my big mining boots, prov
ing conclusively the inherent and utter de
pravity o: man, also the latent tigerishness
that is ever ready to leap out on the least
provocation. In conclusion let me say that
this amusing and absurd piece of folly is
perhaps excusable on the plea that at the
time I was a mere boy.
THE LETTER BOX
San Francisco, Cal., June 14, 1996.
Dear Editor : lam a little girl 11 years old.
My papa takes The Call, and I like to read
"The Childhood's Realm" very much. I have
two brothers, Dannie and Willie. I have two
sisters, Sarah and Clara. Clara is six months
old and she has two teeth. I will close now,
hoping to see my letter in next Sunday's Call.
I remain, your frieud, Irene Shannon.
College City, Cal., June 10, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa takes The Call, and I
like to read the children's page and like the
stories very much. We live on a very large
ranch. My papa has a good deal of hay thii
year and lots of grain. We hare a nice play
house and a great many dolls. We live two
and a half miles from town. We went to school
and had a lovely teacher whose name is Mrs.
Laura Henslee. I have two little Bisters, one
is 9 and the other is 7. I have a fine doll and
call her Guinline Cain, and my sisters each
have a doll. My school is out now and my
teacher has gone to Sissons. I like to go to
school very much. My papa says no San
Francisco daily can come into his house but
The Call. Please do not throw this in the
waste-basket as it is my first letter, and you
will encourage me very much by printing it.
Leverkikr Cain, age 11 yean.
18 Union Street, Santa Cruz, Cal. »
June 14, 1896.
Dear Editor : I have never tried to guess the
puzzles before, and as we haven't been taking
The Call very long, I am very much excited
about the children's page.
Mr. Grant of this city is our agent. We took
the Chronicle before and there is no Children's
page.
I think I'll send you the answers that I think
are right to the puzzles in Jun» 14.
Annie Belle Bailey.
San Francisco, June 14.
Dear Editor: I am sorry I negleoted sending
in my answers for the past two weeks. It was
not because I did not get them, but because my
grandma presented me with a safety for being
promoted without having to take the examina
tions, and I forgot each week until it was too
late. Alice Bell.
"Now, Tommy, I want you to deliver this to
Mr. Jones, and see that nothing happens to it."
11. i
Tommy starts on his journey, not wishing to
frighten any one.
111.
But the little Brown boys are deeply inter
ested in a thrilling bear story, when—
IV.
the bear appears!
— From St. Sicholas.
Berkeley, Cal.
Dear F.ditor: This is my first letter to The
Call, and I hope it will please you. I enjoy
the children's page very much. I am going to
answer the puzzles. I go to the Le ConU>
School and am in the sixth grade. Our school
closed June 5, and I was promoted. My x>apa
takes The Cail, but I never wrote any letters.
I must close. Your friend.
Eva Frame, 11 years old.
Dear Editor:
HIS REASON.
I ailced my papa, one night after tea.
What made him love a gill like me;
A girl full of mischief and romp and play-
As diff'renl from sister an night from day.
And he told me that Uod had sent him his girls.
And he prized them more than the rarest pearls;
That one was bright as a ray of the sun,
And tbeother, whO9e life htvl not lons since begun,
Was a dear little star, full or sweetness an l love,
Quiding him to his heavenly mansion above;
And he told me that God wanted sister with him,
And he'd call for her soon. Then his eves grew
dim,
And be hugged me close, as I sat on his knee,
And told me that that was why he loved me;—
That I was cheerful and bright like the sun,
To cheer bis sad heart when his "Star" was gone.
T. H. Cowm.
San Francisco, June 14, 1896.
Dear Editor: My father has been taktng The
Call for the last twenty-five years and we like
It very much, especially the children's page.
This is my first letter to you. Igo to the North
Cosmopolitan School on Filbert sireet. My
principal's name is Miss McKinzey and my
teacher's name is Mrs. E. F. Seibold. The puz
zle of June 14, When is a door not a door?
Answer— When it is ajar or when it is open. I
hope my letter will be published and my puz
zle also. lam 12 years and 10 months. I re
main your friena, Frieda Bchmbbe.
North San Jian, Cal., June 11, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am a little girl 11 years old
and am in the fifth grade. I live in the
country. Before we lived here we lived in
Colfax, Wash., and before that I lived in Ta
coma, Wash.
Our school is out now. *
My papa sent for The Weekly Call about a
month ago, but it has no- come yet. I nave
two pet cats named Blossom and Snowball.
My brother is writing to you now. I will send
you the answers of three of the puzzles I
think are correct. I hope to sep this in print.
Your little reader, Mimtie Lewellyn.
Goodyears Bar, Sierra County, June 10.
Dear Editor: I have been reading the "Child
hood's Realm" for some time and like it very
much. I have guessed the answers of three
questions, which I shall send you. This is all
1 can write this time. Clara Kennedy.
Aged 14 years.
Dear Editor: I must tell you of a dear little
girl I know. Her name is Nugget, but her
mamma calls her Ruby. The reason her papa
wanted her called Nugget was they were
Eastern people and never had any little boys
or girls, but while papa and mamma spent a
year in California, in search of specimens for
an Eastern college, little Ruby was born. So
papa insisted upon calling her that odd name,
because, he said, it was the finest nugget he
would take away, as well as the most valuable.
This dear little girl has light hair, just like
threads of spun gold, and her mamma parts it
in the middle and ties the pretty golden curls
back by each littie pink ear with pretty blue
ribbons. And she does look so pretty and
sweet, with her little brieht face and dark
brown eyes that see everything.
Little Kuby lived with her papa and mamma
ana grandma. The poor old lady sometimes
had neuralgia, which Is a very severe pain in
her head. Now the daughter-in-law was a very
good woman, and she used to pnt a water-bag
filled with hot water to the head of the dear
old lady. Little Ruby was very fond of her
"dear gran'ma," as she used to say, and would
often slip in the room and be as still as a little
mouse when the poor old lady would moan
with the pain.
Well, one day grandma was sick and baby
Ruby (who you must know was just 2 l £ years
old) came ou tiptoe out of grandma's room
and quietly closed the door and came into tho
kitchen looking very thoughtful, but as
mamma was putting dinner on the table she
did not notice her much. As they sat down to
the table she called her little pet.
"Ruby— Ruby, dear, here is papa; come to
your dinner," but no Ruby answered, so they
looked everywhere; all over the house—be
hind the pretty new sofa in the parlor, in the
closets, in the back yard, but no baby. Just
then they heard a moan in a closet they had
overlooked. And there was little Ruby lying
on a comfortable that bad been laid on the
closet floor temporarily.
"Mamma, I'se so sick— my head's hurtin'
me— d'eadful— perfec'ly deadful— put a hot
water bag to it— your little darliu' d'eaaiul
ick.'
Well, her papa laughed and laughed, but he
filled a bottle with wrm water, tied a rag
around it and laid it beside her head.
"Now I'se jus' like dear g'an'ma."
They left her there while they ate their din
ner and little Ruby fell asleep and siept a long
time— well, long enough for mamma to do up
the work and run up to tell grandma.
Now, wasn't she a dear little Ruby, and
don't you think she must have looked cunning
lying there asleep? Lbta Hoddeu Holmes.
Dear Editor: I send you this story:
BEN'S LOOK FOR THE NICKEL.
One day a little Doy by the name of Ben lost
a nickel down a crack. He did not know that
the board In which the nickel was lost was
loose and that he could get his nickel up
again. So he went in the house crying, "Oh,
mother! oh, mother! I nave lost my nickel
that you gave me." His mother told his father
to get it for Ben. His father lifted up the
board and the nickel was found. Ben was so
glad that for Christmas he gave his mamma
and papa a silk handkerchief, and ho gave
them each a gold waich, and was very happy
after that. Laura M. Sawyer,
15 Hill street.
San Francisco, June 15, 189«.
Dear Editor: My papa has taken The Call
for a long time, and I enjoy reading the
"Childhood's Realm" very much.
This is my first letter to the letter-box
column, and I hope it will miss the waste
basket.
I have a Maltese cat named Smoky, and she
has three Kittens. Our dog ran in tne yard to
get away from the poundman, and he has
staid with as ever since, so we call him Lucky.
I will send you my answers to some puzzles
in the paper for June 14, and hope they will
be right. Freddie Norman.
10 years old. ft r " , Th»
Sweetland, Cal.. June 5. i
Dear Editor: It is some time since I wrote
for the children's page. I want to thank you
for publishing my letter and story in The
Call, and by your doing so I received many
letters from old schoolmates of mine. They
are interested in the page. too. They saw my
name in the paper^ina wrote and said they
would write to The Call also. I solved some
of the puzzles best, but did not succeed with
all. I send a puzzle for the children's page,
and next week I am going to write a true
snake story if you will publish it. I remain
your friend, Oscar Angilley, age 11 years.
CaHstoga, Cal., June 16, 1596.
Dear Editor: I have become interested in
"Childhood's Realm." although if you could
see me you wouldn't think I looked much like
a child. Everybody thinks I am 15 or 18,
when I am only 13.
I like to read very much and do read a good
deal. I read anything in the papers, from the
"Donald Series" up to the murders and politi
cal news.
I have solved some of the puzzles and send
ray answers and aiso send a puzzle which I
have made up and I would like to see it in the
puzzle column next Sunday, that is if you
think it is good enough. Well, I shall close
hoping I am not too old to be numbered among
your friends, for you see this is the first time
I have written to you. Your friend,
Eva Navone.
North San Jtjan, Cal., June 11, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter. My
papa takes The Call and I nave been reading
all the letters and thought I would write one
too. I live in the country and I am in the
fourth grada. Well, I will close, hoping I will
see my letter in the next paper. I remain
your little friend, Stephen Lewellyn.
Nine years old.
PUZZLES
Answers to puzzles and questions of June 14:
I. When it's ajar (a jar).
H. The letter "M."
111. "The Call speaks for all."
IV. Kate, date, gate, late, rate, mate, hate,
faie, pate.
V. "Old Glory."
VI. Time and tide wait for no man.
VII. (a) Thimbleberry. (6) Strawberry,
(c) Gooseberry.
VIII. (a) Strain, train, rain. (») Grace,
race, ace. (c) Wheat, hcut, eat.
Answer to Corre«p€>nrlen*s.
The original number oi stars in the flag o
the United States was thirteen. Also the num
ber of stripes, red and white alternately, was
thirteen, in honor of the lirst States of the
Union. The number of stripes has remained
unchanged. The Btars increase as the new
States of the Union are added.
Correct answers to all or a majority of ques
tions and puzzles have been received for June
7 from F.tta Peabodv, Clara Kennedy, Xavier
Mefret, Mabel and Willie Edwards and Fannie
Kingsland. For June 14 from Alice Bell, Donna
Otey, Eva Xnvone, M. J. .Selig, Fred Norman.
Catherine Adams, May McCarthy, Eva Frame,
F. C. Innes, John Morrisou, Annie Branapan,
Annie Bell Baiiey, Lillie Hteadman, Gladys
Brock, Mabel S. Ivey, Solomon Khottenbargar,
Lucy Moeller, Etta Peabody and Lillie Mu
kow. For May 31 from Minnie Lewellyn.
Puzzle Department.
I. What is that which every passenger, even
the most careful, always loses on the tram-
Atlantic steamers during his first trip?
M. Selig.
11. Dropped vowels. Well-known proverbs.
(a) FN FTHRS MX FN BRDs
(6) LirWRk.NB N PLY MKS JCKDLL BY
111. I'i. — Wise fay ings.
(a) EKEEE'AA NNRK TTTT LBHV.
(6) TU SO KO DO SA GH SG ASEIANAE.
IV. A rrunge the le tters of these words so they
will forma proverb:
CART.
FIN.
HEARTH.
BED.
RIDES.
LID.
V. Take a vehicle, a circle and a slender cord
and make a girl's name.
VI. I am the name of a prominent man in
United States and am spelled with letters 8.
1. I contain useful animals and the liquid
food they furnish man; also troublesome
small animals, an insect, a fur-bearing animal,
a boy's name, a slender cord, a kind of earth,
an untruth, a linear measure, a look, a pit
where minerals are dug, an instrument to fas
ten and open locks, water congealed to hard
ness, a legal claim, to chop into small pieces, a
building for drying and burning bricks, and
a fluid used^iu writing.
2728
THE DISCOVERY OF
A SAN FRANCISCAN
Frederick H. Johnson the
First to Make Nickel
Hold Mercury.
The Story of the Building of
the Oregon Told in
Numbers.
Over Three Million Hours of Labor
Expended in Completing the
Big Battle-Ship.
For many years it has bee n the belief
that nickel was a metal that would not
hold quicksilver, and when Frederick H.
Johnson of 23 Stevenson street visited a
prominent plater in this City ana asked,
"Can nickel be coated with quicksilver?"
he was at once informed that it could not,
and that experiment after experiment had
fa led to bring about such a result.
Mr. Johnson is a mining engineer, who
in his spare time makes experiments with
rebellious ores. He took from nis pocket
a5-cent nickel, and laying it before the
.individual he had questioned asked,
"What would you call that?"
The man to whom it was presented ex
amined it carefully, held it to the light
and continued to examine it for many
minutes and at last said: "Why. that's
plated with mercury, but if 1 had not
seen it with my own eyes I would not
have believed it," as he returned it.
' "It was a pure accident," said Mr. John
son, when asked in regard to the process
by which he accomplishes that which it
was believe i could not be done. "A pure
accident. I was making an experiment j
with a coin in two different solutions, and
had dipped ft in each without effecting
the result I anticipated. As I was taking
it from the last on in which 1 had placed
it, it slipped and nil into a solution of
mercury. When I picked it out of that, to
my great astonishment I discovered that i
it was plated with mercury, or in other :
words, that I had stumbled on the process
of making nickel hold mercury. Experi
ments with other pieces of nickel produced
the me result as was produced on the
coin.
"Being engaged in mining I can only
say as to what advantage this discovery
can have in mining, and that is in con
nection wiih batteries in mills. In each
mill there is at the bottom of the battery a
large sheet of copper, silver-plated for the
purpose of holding the mercury, that is
used to catch the gold that comes from
the ore that, is crushed. In a five-stamp j
such a plate will cover a space a little !
more than sixty feet square, and these
silvered copper plates have been the o-:ily
ones that could be used for the purpose.
A nickel plate that will hold mercury just
as well as the plates now in use can be
produced at half the cost, and in mills
where there are a number of batteries
it will make quite a difference in the cost
of construction, seeing that the silvered
copper plates cannot be procured under ■
$1 a square foot.
"As 1 told you. I confine myself to my
specialty, and for that reason at this time
am unable to say if my discovery will be ,
of value in other branches. That I will
leave for others to determine."
The Oregon In Units.
Generally speaking all that the public
knows of an immense floating fortress like
the United States war vessel Oregon is that j
she is 343 feet in length and weighs— coal, j
armament, crew and everything else includ
ed— total of 10,600 tons, and that the con
tract price to the Government was $3,228,
-000, but few stop to consider the enormous I
•totals that are involved in the construe- I
tion of such a monster. The contractors, j
who have to closely figure on the cost of |
.such a vessel, ke< ■. account of every item, i
however small, and from this data the
absolute cost to them can be quickly esti- ]
mated. From these figures can be acquired ;
j an intelligent idea of the immensity of j
' such a job, and an examination of these
I results, which are called the "units of the
Oregon," will prove interesting reading.
Plrst of all is the cost of labor, and a !
close computation shows that there were
3,288,000 hours spent in building the great
ship, and that 328,800 days of ten hours,
each were consumed in her construction, i
No less an amount than KMT")."'-" pounds
of construction steel was used, aud in ad- '
dition 607,100 pounds of bras-, 916,960
pounds of wrought-ironand 812,712 pounds
of castiron was used. It took 534,500
pounds of rivets to fasten all her plates to
gether and 57.600 pounds of copper pipe
was used for her steam conductors. The
Oregon is an ironclad, but the large quan
tity of 680,000 feet o! lumber had to be used i
to finish her flooring and cabins, and mci•
-• dentally 500,000 feet of common lumber !
j was consumed for scaffolding, blocking,
ing, etc.
The sides of the Oregon are additionally
( ted by coffer-dams filled with cellu
lose, and of this material 126,000 pounds
were used. If all of her big guns were
fired at one time the shots would weigh,
ail together, »3soo pounds. Her engines, of
which there are 106. develop a power of
11 000 horse, and to rush her through the
water at seventeen knots the propeller
S must make 130 revolutions each minute.
The Oregon will have four great search
lights, which will make everything visible
within a radius of five miles, and each will
project a glare equal to 40,060 candle
■ power. Her keel was laid in November,
1891, but owing to the delay in furnishing
the plates the constructors' trial did not
take place until August, 1894. The final
trial trip occurred in May, lsytj. She will
be turned over to the Government fully
1 equipped for war on the (jth of July next.
For the Fruit Pickers.
A Massachusetts man, Henry Edgar
j ton, of Shirley, has invented and patented
I Anal appears to be an easy and useful fruit
I gatherer. The claim of the inventor is a
j pole provided in its upper end with a
j notch, a ring mortised on one side in the
i notch and projected laterally from the pole
 at substantially right angles thereto; a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
| flexible chute attached at its upper end '.o
the ring; a picking frame formed of a
i single length of wire having parallel ver-
t ically-disposed terminals arranged at op
• posite sides of the pole and provided with
, studs embedded in the pole, the wire being
continuously bent from the uppT ends
;of the parallel terminals to form a
series of connected V-shaped fingers
arranged entirely inside of the ring und
■ projecting a distance above and below it,
the portions of the lingers above the ring,
serving as picking- fingers, and the por
tions below the ring serving to spread the
I upper end of the chute; a manually-con
trolled cutter arranged on the upper end
■ of the pole directly opposite the space
between the parallel terminals of the pick
ing frame."
A dynamo engineer at Springfield,
Mass., wa* recently killed by the pass
age through his body of an arc-light
current at a pressure of 2500 volts. The
usual methods of resuscitation were lued
without avail.
The Jlahy Incubator.
WHEN THE WORLD
COMES TO AN END
It May Happen by an En
counter With a Va
grant Comet.
There May Be Sudden Changes in
the Sun's Veil, Which Would
Burn Us Up.
But the Most Likely Fate, Says Gar.
rett P. Serviss, Is That of
Freezing to Death.
Will the world ever come to an end?
If so, when will its end be and in what
manner will it be brought about? Will
the earth be destroyed by fire or by frost,
or how may it be expected to end ?
Garrett P. Serviss answeis these ques
tions in an interesting way in the New
York World. He says:
We can classify the possible accidents
by which the heavens might be caused, in
scriptural phrase, to "roll upas a scroll"
and the "earth to melt with fervent heat,"
under three principal heads:
First — Encounters with comets.
Second — Sudden changes in the sun.
Third— Collisions with unknown bodies
in space.
As to encounters with comets, it should
be said, in the first place, that the chance
of such an accident occurrine is exceed
ingly slight, notwithstanding the fact that
comets come soaring into the solar system
frorr. every possible direction — from above
and from below, from the east and from
the west — having the most complete inde
pendence of those influences which govern
the direction or the motions of tho planets.
Yet, as a matter of fact, the earth has
actually encountered at least two comets,
although in neither case was the meeting
a direct collision involving the entire mass
of the comet.
One of these encounters took place in
1861, when a great comet swished its tail
across the earth and the moon and there
by created a brief luminosity of the
atmosphere at night without producing
any other recognizable effect.
The other instance occurred in 1872,
when a part— how large a part we do not
know— of Biela's comet met the earth at
the crossing point of their orbits, and waß
burned in the upper air, producing a
splendid display of fireballs, but doing no
damage.
Another form of calculation has shown '
that,. on the average, an encounter between
the earth and a comet cannot occur moi
than once in 15,000,000 years. Only we
have no means of telling when this period
Oi 15,000,000 years began to run.
The next species of accident to be con
sidered concerns what is going on in the
sun itself. We know that the sun is a
globe of matter, resembling the earth in
the nature of its materials, but existing at
such a temperature that its entire sub
stance must be in a gaseous state.
That is to say, the sun contains such
metals as iron and silver as well as such
gases as hydrogen, but, owing to the tre
mendous heat, the iron and silver, as well
as every other substance in the sun, are
continually in the form of hot, glowing
pases, and are never cool enough to assume
the form of solid metallic masses which
they take on in the earth.
At the surface of this immense sphere of
metallic gases, which constitutes the sun,
and which is between 800,000 and 900,000
miles in diameter, there is a partial cool
ing and the gases are a little condensed
and tend to form a vast, glaring shell of
healed clouds, inclosing the blazing
nucleus of the sun within.
This cloudlike shell absorbs a portion of
the radiation poured out Irom the interior
of the Mm and the effects of that absorp
tion are visible as black lines is the spec
trum of sunlight. A certain amount oi
the light and heat of the sun are thus cut
off and does not reach the earth and the
the other planets, as it would do but for
the absorbing shell surrounding the sun.
Thus we may say the sun wears a veil
which renders its face less dazzling and its
gush of heat less intense for us than they
would be if the veil were removed. :
Now, looting among the other suns of
space — the stars — we find some whose veils
of metallic vapor are thinner than our
sun's and others which wear thicker veils
than that which covers the face of our god
of day.
One great star, Arcturus, a sun probably
hundreds and possibly thousands of times
more powerful than ourn, is fairly choked
by the density of its absorbing envelope,
or shell. Others still, like the wonderful
variable star Mira, show by their changes
that they are still further advanced
toward extinction, but that they probably
experience periodic outbursts during
which, for a short time, they blaze forth
with a thousand times the fervor and in
tensity of heat and light than that they
ordinarily exhibit.
The application of all this to our present
discussion appears when we consider that
the phenomena of sunapots, which at one
time increases and at another time de
crease in size and number, indicate that
our sun, too, is variable, and that although
there is no human record of any alteration
in the amount of the sun's radiation suffi
cient to affect life on the earth, yet the
example of other stars shows that such an
alteration is possible.
To be sure, it is not likely to come about
suddenly, yet we cannot be absolutely cer
tain on that point. There is considerable
historic evidence in favor of the view
which some astronomers have adopted
that the great star Sirius has, since the be
ginning of the Christian era, changed in
color from red to white.
Analogy would lead us to believe that
such a change must imply an alteration in
the spectrum of the star's light, such as
would be produced if the vast absorbing
veil that covers the face of Arcturus were
removed and that great sun permitted to
send forth its tremendous radiant energy
unimpeded. That thing happening to
Arcturus would, I think, result in the de
struction of life on every planet circling
its rays.
As to the probability of such an occur
rence — the chances for and against it — no
data exist for making a calculation.
The third form of accident to which the
earth might be subjected is collison with
some unknown body in space. This case
differs from that of an encounter with a
comet, because the latter is an interloper
wandering into the solar system, and gov
erned principally, when in our neighboi
hood, by the attraction of the sun, while
an encounter with one or the huge invis
ible bodies which we have reason to think
exist, more or less abundantly, in space
Shaft for the Corner-Turning Elevator.
would be a result of the onward move
ment of the solar system toward the
northern quarter of the heavens.
The movement is one of the most inter
esting discoveries in modern astronomy,
and one of the least understood. Stated
broadly, it amounts to this: That the
eun, instead of standing still in space
while the earth and the other planets re
volve about it, is really in very rapid mo
tion from the south toward the north.
The rate of this motion is not known
with certainty, but there is good reason
for thinking that it cannot be less than
four or five hundred million miles in a
year. Suppose we call it five hundred mil
lion miles; then it follows, since the earth
must accompany the sun in its journey
and partake of the motion described, that
we are being hurried through space toward
the north at the rate of more than a mil
lion and a quarter miles every day, or
about fifteen miles in a second; that is,
with seven or eight times the speed of a
cannon-shot.
Now, it Is important to remember that
while an enormous distance separates us
from the nearest known star, yet we know
very little of the contents of space between
us and the stars. But every year we are
learning more and more about dark and
invisible stars. Tnose that have been dis
covered thus far are intimately associated
with bright stars, and it is through the
eltects of their attraction upon the bright
stars near them that astronomers have
become aware of their existence.
They are frequently gigantic bodies,
equal to or greater than the sun. The star
called Algol, for instance, consists of such
a couple, in which a bright star and auarK
one are linked together, and in this case
the dark star is about as large as our sun,
yet it gives forth not a ray of light, but on
the contrary, when it comes between the
bright star and our eyes, causes an eclipse
of the former.
This is only one instance among many.
The most natural conclusion concerning
these dark bodies is that they are extin
guished suns— suns which have run their
course and perished. And, that being so,
there is no apparent reason why they
should not exist anywhere in space and
Bingly as well as in combination with
bright stars.
Such a body, then, invisible with any in
strument yet devised, might exist in that
part of space toward which we are moving.
In fact its attraction might be one cause of
the motion of the solar system toward the
north, though probably not the sole cause.
A collision with such a body would be a
far more serious thing than an encounter
with a comet, because it would probably
involve the whole earth in its destructive
results. Supposing such a renconter to take
place, it would probably be the sun, rather
than the earth or any planet, that would
bear the brunt of the actual collision. But
that fact would not save us or help us in
the least.
The effect of the collision would De to
cause an outburst of heat from the sun
great enough to turn all the oceans into
steam, if it did not melt the rocks.
Only a few years ago a most significant
thing, bearing upon this very question,
happened in the sky. A new star appeared
in the constellation Auriga. In a short
time it was observed that the light of the
new star, when examined with the spec
troscope, gave evidence of the existence
there of at least two bodies moving in dif
ferent directions.
One of these bodies was approaching the
earth ; the other was receding. One of
them was so heated that its atmosphere,
or whatever the envelope may be called
that surrounded it, appeared as if on fire,
and glowed with a more interne heat than
that which prevailed in the interior.
The other showed by its spectrum that
while it was blazing with solar heat, yet
like our sun it was hotter with.'n than
without. It had a shell Of absorbing
vapors surrounding it.
After a few weeks minor outbursts of
light suddenly appeared in the new star
and then died away again, and one sug
gested explanation of these was that they
were caused by the running down of plan
ets revolving around one of the suns that
had been concerned in the original col
lision, and which planets had escaped the
direct consequences of the encounter until
the invader, which was darting across
their system, met them and trod them
down, so to speak, in its career of destruc
tion.
Looking broadly at the whole subject,
however, one is led to conclude that the
most probable fate that awaits the earth is
the fate of freezing. All the methods by
which it has been imagined that Nature
might perpetuate the existence of the sun
are based upon unsound speculations.
The present condition of the solar sys
tem is only a passing stage in its history,
and it is certain that when the sun ceases
to shine, or when it reaches such a stage as
that represented by Mira, alternately blaz
ing with fiery Intensity and then dying out
almost to extinction, the earth as a habit
able world must come to an end.
Barring accidents, then, the world has at
least s,ooo,ooo, and probably 10,000,000 years
of life before it. And if an accident should
occur, such as a collision, astronomers have
the means of giving warning; and even
though a great invisible body should draw
near, its attraction would betray it long in
advance of an actual meeting.
AN ELEVATOR THAT
TURNS THE CORNER.
Two Tracks in the Well and a
Striog of Cars.
The Lift Takes You Upstairs and
Then Down the Hal ways.
A New York Device.
Something entirely new in the construc
tion of elevators was recently patented
by John R. Hamilton of New York, it ,
comprises a system whereby there fs a
constant string of elevator cars up and
down the same well, if needs be, each one
working entirely in harmony with the i
others. The inventor, in describing his
elevator, says:
"My improvement, while ol very gen
eral application, relates more especially
to an organization of passenger lifts for j
lofty and capacious structures. I pro- j
vide a pair of vertical trackways, each
furnished with a pair of guide-rails and
with two pairs of racks. Of these j
trackways one is used exclusively for
up and the other for down travel. The I
trackways communicate with each other at
the top and the bottom, and the arrange
ment is such that a series of cars ascend- j
ing in procession along the up track
will be turned as they reach the top of
the up track and shunted over to
the upper part of the down track,
while, when they successively reach ;
the bottom, they are returned to the
first track. Each car carries its own motor
(electric), the gearing of which meshes
With the racks in 'he elevator shafts. The i
cars are also so arranged and connected
that they cannot approach each other near
enough for collision, as upon such near
approach they are automatically slopped
by the making of an electric circuit, and
only move again when the interval be
tween them is increased.
Long-Distance Transmission.
The telegraph line from New York to
Niagara, which transmitted power for the
electrical exposition model, was 4<>o miles
long, with a resistance of 3.3 ohms per
mile. With a voltage of 450 volts at the
Niagara end a current of 0.156 ampere was
received in New York at a pressure of L'2s
volts, aggregating 65.7 watts.
;' - new TO-DAT.
Every nacka^e Of thi^ A large bottle of liquid Sozodoot
L|VCl | p«a^l\.av;C Ul till* A box of Sozodont Powder
popular dentifrice contains : A san ? ple cake of sozoderina so«p, tor *•
Use liquid Sozodont daily; the powder twice a weelc. A sample of liquid Sozodont by mail provided
you menlon this publication and a nd three cents for postage. Address Hai.i. & IIDCKKX New York
City, Proprietors of Sozodont, Sozoderma soit|i. .^iiuUlina's Glue and other well-known preparations
RAIXROAD TRAVEL!
BIG REDUCTION 0 RATES M RAIL
....T0....
PORTLAWD, OH..
MONDAY JUNE 22 I
And Every Fifth Day. Thereafter.
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8 p. m.
A r fl n— Including Bezth in jfullmaa Tour.
O3,UU ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In $1 A-OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. »IP ' ' * i
SPECIAL NOTICE.
■ This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa*,
sengers at intermediate stations, nor win tickets bi»
sold or bagfrage checked to such points.
' £gf" Through Tickets for I*ut*e6 Sound
points on Sale at Reduced Kates.
For further information a:>ply at
613 MARKET .STKUET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Oflice), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. 11. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NOI'TIIKKJI PACIFIC i:O!WPANT.
(PACIFIC btsi em.)
Train* lenw »n«l nrv <lur to nrrlve al
SAM rBANCISC'O.
LEA VK — Fhom JUNE 7, 1896. — Al: 1. 1 \
*6:OOa Xii, b, Ban Jose and Way Stations... 8:45*
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogden aud East.. *•**»
7:OOa Benicia, V.icaville, Kurcsey. Sacr*.
mento, Oroville and Redding via
Davis «:45p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Xapa, CalU-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:15p :
»::t«A Hiles, Ban Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville and licit
lllnir -I:l5p
•S:3oa Peters ami Milton "7:15p
9:<m»a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Lou Angeles 4:4! ip
9:OOa. Martinez and Stockton. I 1:3.1 a
»:O»a Vallejo 0:15r :
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Livermore S:1-1a,
*1:09p Sacramento River Steamers *0:(>l>p
1 1 :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:45p
4:oltp Martini San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, OaUstoga, El Verauo and
•Santa Rosa 9:l.>a
•:«»<> p Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysvills
Oroville aud Sacramento 10:45 a
4i39f Niles, San Jose, livermore and
Stockton 7:15p !
4:30r Merced, Herenda. Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno lli4&A '
s:d«r New Orleans RxDresß, Fresno, Bakers-
•ield, Santa, liarlmra, l.ns AngeleSL
X>emiiig, El Paso, New Orleans and
S:»at 1 0:1. -v a
S<«»p Simla IV Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave anil East 10:15 a
S:OOr Vallejo 11:35 a
6:0 Or ICiuopeau MuM, Ogden and Eiist.... 9:15 a
4i:OOi- Hayimrda, Ntlcs aud San Jose 7:48 a
t7:o»t- Vallejo i7:S5p
7:00r Oregon Express, .Sacramento, Marys-
ville. Redding, Portland, Piiget
.Sound and I'.ast 10:45 a
S ASTA rUTZJt I VIMO> (Narrow • <iangf/!
{7 :45 a Santa Cruz Eicnrsion, Santa Cruz.
and Principal Way Stations . ; JS:O5p
8:15 a Ne\vark,Centerville,Saii.lo3o,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations . 9:54tp
•8:15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
■;. '. ; ■ ■ Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Banta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »l| : a !
8-1:1 5 1- Newark, San Jose and I.oh <Jatos.... «I»:5Oa !
COAST 111 VISION (Thinl'jt Tnwnscml Sl*.)
*U:4sa San Jose and Way Stations (New }
Aimauen Wednesdays only) , 9:47 a
(7:30 a. Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
■ Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana '
Principal Way Stations 1 18:33p
■:15a San Jose, Tres Piuos, Hauta Cruz.
- i*aoilic Orove.'Paao Robles, Saij
J.nis Olitspo, Ouadalnpe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:osi>
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations. fl::i6p
IO:Ioa San Jose and Way Stations.. 5:COp
I I:»Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3.30p
*2:3oi> San Mateo, Menlo Park', Hail Joa*j
: >-.!■- * <!iiroy, Tres - Pinos, Santa Cms,
Bnlinas,Mnntcrey and I'acificGrovo *1O: lOa
"3::iOi* San Jose, Pacific Grove and Wav
Stations ; *1;30p I
•4:301' San .lore and Way Stations *!»:<)(I\
BiSOf San Joso ami Principal Way Stations ' *8(48a
0::»>i- Ban Jose ami Way Stations 0:33 a
II 1:15 San Jose ami Wav Stations....;.... t7:4."»p
SAX- LKA>UKO AMI lIAVUAKI>s LUCAL.
i*«:OOa 1 : r 7 7TJS-
-»:0°a 1 i9:ls a
i2. : S«a Mclrose, Seminary Park, |fjjg*
a * :«2 r FltcbbHtv. Ssn Lenndro \{: \**
s^ - j imi
SS Hsywsrd.. •jlgj
2t3£ x « ; ! : 2'
..'■■ StOOp » Rnns through to Nile*. i!»'-,«)f
(tll:lspj t From Niles. j ttliiJOOr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY
from SAX FRANCISCO — Foot of Mirket Street (Slip 8)—
So tsico 3S£ mo * 2:3 ° t3X '
from OAKLAND— Foot of Broidwsj.— -u-00 8<
10:00 a.m. *12:00 *l:00 $3:00 *3:03 %U
">):OOf.M. •
A for Morning. . p for Afternoon.
" Sundays excepte<l. , _ : ■ -. t Saturdays only
.... * ' -I Sundays only. ;
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
§ Saturdays and Sundays for Santa- Cruz.
% Sundays and Mondays from Santa Cru».
THE MOST POPULAR
INFANT INCUBATOR.
Every Effort Made in France to
Perfect Them.
Used for Weakly Babes That Require
an Artificial Atmosphere to
Save Them.
Baby incubators are a feature of a good
many hospitals. They are an invention
for the benefit of weakly infants or for
those imprudent young people who, hav
ing been in too ercat haste to appear In
this vale of tears, require an artificial at
mosphere to keep them alive. In France,
where, apart from every other considera
tion, it is very important in the interest of
the community that 'all possible means
should be taken for preserving the lives of
every baby citizen, many efforts have been
made to perfect the "couveuse pour en
fants." Our illustration shows one of tha
latest of these efforts. It certainly looks
as if the young person were having a toler
ably good time in the glass house which
it shares only with our friend the ther
mometer, and periodically with a bottle of
something good to drink.
A Wave Power Prophecy.
It would be safe to make a stupendous
prophecy for the people of MWO to realize.
It is that the- tides of the ocean on ooth
sides of this continent will be used to
transform power into electricity and send
it half over the country to be utilized in
manufacturing. Mechanicians have many
a time remarked that if the power pro
duced by the rise and fall of the tides and
the currents of rivers could only be util
ized there would . be enough to run all
the factories in North America, with
enough to spare to send a balloon to
Mars if there was any way of steering it
there. Now scientilic men have seri
ously set about experimenting with a
view to getting hold of that power. Cer
tainly machinery can be invented in
this age of mechanics that will turn wheels
alike when the water of the tides rises and
when it falls. It is only a question of
time, and not so very long a time either,
when this will be done.
RAILROAD TRAVEL;
S L\ FRi.\CISCO & SORTHPT
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.,
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafaol.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.- 13-35
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays-Extra Trip
at 11:30 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trips at ljj
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-" 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3(1
6:00, G:'_'O P.M.
', Sun Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a v .
12:45. 3:40. 5:10 p. M. Saturdays-Extra trina
at 1 :56 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:35, 9:35, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6 :00, 6 :25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park satna
schedule as above. " "
San Francisco. Tnrtlect i San Francisco. "
San rrancisro. ££0% s »" FrandaCOk
Wkkk j Sun-- . '^M-f-'inn Sex- ! Week"
Hays. I days, destination. DAYS. | Days.
7:30 \m 7:SO -.m " Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 Air
3:30 pm|9:3o am l'etaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10j»mi5:00 |.m Santa Kosa. 7:80 PMj 6:15 pst
non I Fulton, I
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 a«
Heald so irq,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am| C'loverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pit
1 l"ieta, ;
7:30 am i Hopland & 10:10 am
3:3opm 7:30 am I'ktah. | 7:30 pm j 6:15 p>c
7 am [ I 10:10 am:
! 7:30 am Ouerneville. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm I j - 6:15 PM
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am! 8:40 am:
and . I
6:10 pm 5:00 i-m Glen EUen. 6:05 iv 6:15 PM
7:3oam|7:3oam s phasfonol 110:40 AM 10:10 AM
3:30 16:00 *'-Dastopol. j 6:05 ,. M 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i.ak(-porc; at
llopliiiid for Lakeport and Ran ett Springs; at
Ukiati -for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Biu»
Lakes, Laurel Deli Lake, Upper Lake, I'omo, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, 15uck-
nell's, Sanbocirin Heights, HnllvUle, BoonevUle,
Greenwood, Ore's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Brase, Westport, Usa!, Willets, (ah 10, Co-
ve .i. Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoed
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at ball rates.
Ticket Offices; 850 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITIXO. K. X. RYAN. .
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agenk
Atlantic J<^^^D
Pacific jg m
RAILKOAU
Trains leave from and arrive •Wi?-v-p».^ :
at Market-Street Ferry. C&zS^a^oYJTlfi
SANTA FE EXPKbSS
Tc Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., carrying PnUuiaa
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to gntcago
via Kansas City without change. Annex can for
louver and St. Louis. nniTTir vvpttr
The l'oi.ucir 1 STA 1 '■ ROUrfi fcXCUR-
BIONB leave every WED.VKSDA V for is r, I V
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
through to destination. _
The best railway from California to the East.
Hew rails, new lies: no dust: interesting aceneryj
and good meals in Harvey's dining- room
Ticket Ollice— <>44 Market Street,
: Chronicle Buil('.lng.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco. Commencing Juue 15, 1536.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7 :00. *S'OO
*9:15 10:15, 11:45. a. m.: 1:15, 3:.0, 4:15,
5:15, *<}:OU, 0:35 P. M.
Extra trips lor San Rafael on Mondays, \V edu.ua-
aays and Saturdays at 11 :30 P. M.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Haiael-*K:00. *9:00,
•10:00, 11:30 a. m. : •*la:Bu, »i :30, *2:15, *4:00,
5:30,6:45,8:30 p.m. Extra trip to Sauaailtoac
11:00 a. M.
Trains marked * run to Sun Quentlu. **l'_':3o
p.m. does not run to Mil] Valley
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes ana way stations— B:oo a.m.
Saturdays: 9a. m. >.,:, , ; 5:15 i\ M . weekdays.
tor to.n, Reyes, Caza tero and way stations—
h:00 a. m. Sundays. 1 :1b 1: v. weekdays.
NOTARY PUBLIC.WHAT SOME WOMEN DO WEAR AND MOST WOMEN WOULD LIKE TO WEAR.
Mme. Jeanne Hadinc's gowns, worn in
the reproduction of Prince d'Aurec in
Pans, are causing much favorable criti
cism, so Laferriere is to be complimented
on his creations, as he designed all the
artistic costumes.
One is of a rich turquoise blue velvet,
embroidered with white and yellow silk
pop Dies. In from is an Alencon lace scarf,
with red poppies, ana at the bacK is a tuft
of black poppies. In the ballroom scene
Hading wears a pistache-green satin made
»la Louis XIII. The tablier is embroid
ered w-th pearls, a cosaque of coral velvet
erubroL ered with -old and silver. Simple
but very charming is another toilet of
white India muslin with applications of
point de Bruges, which opens over an un
derskirt of cream satin trimmed with
Bruges. A bunch of cornflower is grace
fully arranged at the w;tist in front and a
paste buckle in the back.
The evening dresses are fascinatingly
pretty. Pale hues and tones prevail
among; women of taste. One pretty
Duchess lately wore a light-yellow satin,
embroidered with seed pearls and tulle
round the *>w bodice. Tufis of pink roses
cave the finishing touch. Another Paris
ian belle wore at a large ball a confection
of white moire, run with silver threads.
The front of her bodice was completely
covered with diamonds. At the same
affair a costume much iiked was of pink
satin, was trimmed with silver, all tne
senms being outlined with pearls. An
other had a pompadour silk skirt, the tulle
bodice being adorned with guilder roses.
Princess gown 3 are admired when well
made,- but we should never attempt to
have snch a style unless one of the best of
artists is to undertake it, as in all respects
it most be absolutely perfect or it will be a
- tl failure. It is a lonp time since I
have seen a properly made Brinoess dress,
but this fall many will be in evidence. One
Eastern authority announces, very posi
tively, that almost all skirts are being
trimmed, but a Parisian correspondent
states that, generally speaking, the skirts
remain plain; however, the bodices are be
ing fairly loaded jrith lace, embroidery,
jewels and trimmings of all descriptions
and boieros of all styles and shapes
are in great vogue. They are usually
"f a material different from the
bodices. For day wear the sleeves fit
l:Ke a long suede plove to the elbow, but
they still have a little effect of fullness at
the top. Great varieties of materials are
used in the composition of the jackets and
boleros, but the new-flowered satins of the
Louta XVI period are vao>l fashionable.
Pekiu stuffed silks also figure, as do also
light weight woolen fabrics and liberty
tatuis.
Numerous questions are being asked
concerning appropriate gowns lor golfinc,
so to settle this point it would be as well
to read an answer from headquarters:
''The points of a go.nng suit are very
much like those of any tailor-made gown,
simplicity and neatness of finish. Any
startling effect is bad form and unsports
manlike. The things to be striven for are
a perfectly hanging skirt and a well-fitting |
jacket. These may be of any material j
which is heavy enough to hang well — I
tweed, homespun, cheviot, heavy linen,
cotton duck or Russian duck. Most golf
ers have linen or crash for warm weather
and cloth for cooler times. The skirt i
should clear the ankles, as, in playing j
over rough ground, when the ball is J
off the course, in bushes and brambles, a'
long skirt is most inconvenient and un-J
To protect the ankles either lecgin^s ''•
should be worn or hiuh-laced golf boots.
The jacket may be of the same stuff as the
f-kirt or of hunting red. Most members of .
dubs wear red coats with white lapels and
collar, the club device Deing embroidered
on the collar. Otherwise the jacket usu
ally matches the skirt, and may be cut
away or double-breasted as one prefers.
The Norfolk jacket is not now considered
very smart. The jacket is taken off while
playing, and there may be any number of
pretty shirts of silk, linen or cotton, with
smart collars and ties, arranged to go wilh
the gown and give it variety."
We are tola that every week there is a
modification, or a decided change in Paris
in almost every atyle, and of course at the
present moment the most the greatest
?eer can do is to predict the modes that
will be in greatest vogue this season, as we
are to have a surprise, so many correspond- [
cnts state, in the fall and winter gowns.
As usual there will, in all likelihood, be
gome radical change, as every three years
everything undergoes a transformation, so
it is quite time for the exit of our present '
skirts and sleeves. In fact fashion's lead
ers may be said to be experimenting upon
us at present, so as to ascertain what will
take best later on, but for the active, busy
woman, who cannot afford a carriage, the '
at style of our skirts is perfectly
lidiculous. They are always cutting out
around the bottom, and, well— most of us
will be glad once more to wear the well
cut, correctly hung skirt, not measuring
in circumference more than four or, at the
most, five yards. For my own part three
or four would please me best.
Three delightful blouses can be repro
duced in n.any a dainty fabric most satis
factorily. The first I admired was of grass
lawn, trimmed simply with a collar of
rrru duchesse applique. Made over a
g of kingcup yellow, this is a becom
ing shade to many, but if made so as to be
worn over linings of different colors tne
results are extremely pretty. The second
is a creation from an excellent house, and
is composed of a Deautiful quality of black
niousseline de soie most artistically
trimmed with ecru duchesse applique.
The mousseline is drawn over a glace silk.
Such a blouse would 'cc a great addition
to any one's wardrobe, as on many occa
sions it will prove to be very useful and
< pally ornamental. The third blouse for
evening wear has sleeves of which I do not
approve. However, many such are still
worn, and the rest of the garment is in
good style. Rich silk is employed in its
composition, and it is adorned with lace.
I'ne sleeve is said to be most unique, the
fullness being spread on either side of the
shoulder like huge butterfly wings, a fan of
lace falling from the center. The effect is
f) uite novel, anJ to many figures the
sleeves are becoming.
Every fashionable woman this season
will possess floral bodices and sleeves.
Rose eleeves are the latest fad. For a
long time the petals of the rose and small
flowers have been massed together to
form ruche-, sleeves, etc., but lar more
beautiful are the latest floral creations of
roaea and half-blown buds whioh have
reached New York from Paris direct.
About other smart bodices there is in
variably a bit of black or white satin, and
I observe a tendency to scallop the edges
of short basques. Indeed, scallops appear
on many gowns. Chic in the extreme
was a basque bodice worn at a Pans race
lately. It closed witu three pearl buttons
in front and then opened over a green
mousseline de soie plastron shirred with
the narrowest of yellow Valenciennes.
'A scarf drapery en fichu, without ends, in
old ?old and green taffeta draped the
bodicearound the plastron." White plisse
A True picture of Her
Imperial jiigWrxess, tke Etnpress of All tke
Russias, as ske Appeared ir\ Her
Goror\atior\ JRobe at MoscoW.
Numerous illustrations ana descriptions
have been published of the Czarina's coro
nation robe, etc., so I am glad to give an
absolutely correct reproduction of it and
the description I quote: "The Empress'
train was of rich velvet, bordered with
ermine. The dress was white satin, em
broidered in an exquisite design. The
pearl and diamond ornaments were of un
paralleled beauty. The crown is not one
from the treasury, but has been made ex
pressly for her. During nine months two
St. Petersburg jewelers have been working
at it. In shape it is nearly like that worn
The great Brooklyn whist congress will i
have passed into history when our next j
whist column appears in print. Every |
day brings joyful tidings of something j
that will happen to make this meeting i
iong to be remembered.
W. H. Whitfeld, the greatest living
mathematician on the game, is coming
with "'Cavendish."
Robert H. Weems, chairman of the
tournament, received the following letter
from General A. W. Drayson :
Southsea, May 25, 1896, )
20 Ash burton road, f
Mr. R. H. Wcems— My Dear Sir: Many
thanks for yours of the 14th. I am much
gratified to find that systems of play which
I adopted twenty-five years ago, and which
fell flat in England except among personal I
friends, have in America been lately ap
preciated. It seems to me that in England,
when any novelty is brought forward, peo
ple ask, "Who has brought this forward?"
If the "who" is not an admitted authority i
the novelty is ignored. In America it is
asked, "What is the novelty?" and it is
examined, and if found to be sound is
adopted. It is Progress vs. Stick-in-the-
Mud.
I can assure you it is a very great disap
pointment to me to feel that in spite of all
your kind suggestions I dare not venture |
on a trip to Brooklyn. Rough service in !
South Africa and India has taken a great
deal out of me ; then, having passed three- j
score years and ten, I am obliged t<sbe
careful. Any disturbance of my usual
quiet haDits sets me wrong.
I know what a welcome I should receive
and how at home I should feel with Amer- j
ican whist-players, l trust you wiil ex- |
press mv feelings at the congress. It j
woula really be worth a trip to America
to see Miss Kate Wheelock, whom I had
the honor of meeting here and wnose in
tellectual intensity was delightful.
As a means of cultivating the percep
tions and the reasoning faculties, I have
long maintained that whist was a better
means than many of the so-called
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
I by the Dowager Empress for her corona
i tion. The circle consists of 2000 brilliants
i of the first water, and the top part is
formed by 2000 other similar stones.
These are all invisibly mounted in silver,
and so delicate is the workmanship that
I the whole crown weighs less than an or
i dinary tiara.
All Paris is raving over the absolutely
' simple but superb wedding-dress of the
beautiful Princess Marguerite. The long
' trained gown was of satin ''cuir, " or
! leather satin, so called on account of its
i thick, rich texture, for it did really "stand
WHIST
sciences. Then, too, how a man's nature
and character are revealed at whist! This
I endeavored to call attention to in my
"WniHt Players and Their Ways," in the
appendix to the fourth edition of my
"Art of Practical Whist." But even now,
in 1896, i find men doini- and saying those
very things to which I called* attention
years ago. With kindest regards, I re
main, very sincerely yours,
A. W. Dkatson.
"Pembridge," the author of "Whist, or
Bumblepuppy," oiie of the most brilliant
writers on the game in his day, who died
a few weeks ago at his home near London,
In trying to impress on the minds of some
of his club friends the necessity of study,
said: "The education of a whist*player
is peculiar. How he becomes a whist
player nobody knows. He never learns
his alphabet, or the catechism of the
game, or anythiner that he oueht to do.
He appears full grown, mushroom-like.
He remembers some one blowing him up
for doing something he ought rot to have
done, and somebody else blowing him up
fordoing something else, and he is blown up
at the end of each deal. This phase of being
blown up is varied by grumbling, some
times aloud, sometimes "sotto voce," so
that the whist-player is reared on scolding
and crumbling as other youngsters are
reared on pap. Truly this is a happy life.
Some men grumble on principle, because
it is a national privilege, and they avail
themselves of the Englishman's birthright.
Some do it because they believe that if
they grumble enou h it will bring them
luck. Some do it in the hope that they
will excite sympathy, and thai their
friends will feel for their ill-fortune,
which, by-the-by, whist-players never do.
Some grumble to annoy their friends, and
we are bouna to say these succeed."
QUERIES ANSWERED.
In answer to a query how to conduct a
whist match on the Howell-Mitchell sys
tem, we will say (this system is for teams
of four):
First— Number or name each team.
Have each team (of four) take seats at the
game table.
It you have an even number of teams, put
in one more table "dummy"— the number of
tables must be odd.
J'luc-j on eaoh table (including tbo dummy)
alone." It was made without the slightest
ornamentation, and she wore not a single
jewel and not a ribbon even fluttered to
spoil the effect. At her throat were
fastened two clusters of orange blossoms,
and from a small coronetof these blossoms
fell her veil, which is priceless, a glorious
piece of lace. This charming bride started
on her wedding tour wearing a long cloak
of palest gray silk cloth, which completely
covered her from head to foot. A tiny
bonnet of velvet that was one shade
darker than the cloak rested on her fair
head.
the number of deals you intend to play before
moving.
Then, before you begin to play, have all
east and west players advance to a higher
number table— l to 2, 2t03,3 to 4 and no on.
Not touching the cards, of course, advance
after each round. When you are ready to
start in to play announce that tbe north
player at each table, after you have played the
deals that are placed on each table, will move
the trays in the following order:
Have your schedule ready to call off, and
make each north player note it down, so no
mistake can occur.
You make out your schedule In this way:
If you have 5, 7, 9, 11 or 13 teams or tables, or
whatever the number may be, take the middle
number first and the trays from that table go
to table 1.
We give you a schedule for eleven table*.
The middle number Is (5, goes to 1, 7 to 2, 8
to S, 9 to 4, 10 to 5, 11 to 6, 1 to 7, 2 to 8, 3 to
9, 4 to 10 and 5 toll.
After each and every round the trays are
moved in this order.
If a dummy table is used there are four play
ers each time that sit out (including the first
change), and the one in charge of the play
should see that the trays are moved from the
dummy table.
Great care should be taken to prevent any
comparison of scores or keeping a private score
or talking with co-partners during the
changes.
A match score and a trick score is kept of
each team. A match Won counts one, and a
tie match— marked on the score-sheet with a
zero (01— counts a half on the match score.
The trick score will consiat of the net number
of tricks made by each team. "Net number"
means the tricks you win over and above those
you lose, if any.
WHISTLETS.
N. P. Trist, in a letter to the whist editor
of The Call, says:
"As a general rule second player should,
with less than four in suit, cover a
strengthening honor led."
He further says : "I generally lead fourth
best with ace four small regardless of
strength in trumps. This might be termed
a deiensive play — guarding yonr hand
against the possibility of one of the adver
saries holding the other hijjh cards of the
suits, thereby giving his partner one or
more discards. With strength in trumps
I am leading much more frequently than
formerly fourth-best, even with strong
cards along with the ace."
The whist editor of The Call is now in
Brooklyn. In our columns next week we
edged the scarf, which passed at the sides
of the buttons and extended round the
basque. The Bleeves were cut in the
latest fashion and closely fitted the arm,
Although puffed all the way up at the
waist, there was a ruff of Valenciennes
lace. The soft neckband was made of
changeable silk.
The very latest shirt is of fine white
linen set into broad tucks down the front
with hemstitcmngs; it has a turndown
collar and turndown cuffs. Others pos
sessing many attractive features are of the
sheerest French batiste, every seam hav
ing a narrow beading ana true-lover's
knots down the front are hand embroid
ered, the collar and cuffs are of real Val
enciennes, most comfortable for the short-
necked, plump woman. However, they
are the most expensive shirts made. The
novelties among less expensive kinds are
of colored batiste in ytllow. pink, blue or
mauve, with narrow strappings of white
at the seams and down tbe sleeves. Great
favorites are those of gras3 lawn, with
numberless tucks and frills of lace down
the front. With some of these shirts are
worn neckties of muslin having their lit
tle ends tucked and edged with lace.
Plaid ties are also in vogue.
Bandana handkerchief blouses are in
great demand, as the bright colors wash
perfectly and are generally becoming.
Four handkerchiefs only are required.
Ribbons in close set loops frequently
form the basque to blouse, and tight-fitting
bodices set into the waistband, which is
pointed in front.
The lace, mousseline de soie and chiffon
ruffs are becoming positively grotesque in
size. I always feel sorry when a pretty
girl covers her lovely throat with one of
them in the evening, but then, to be sure.
I am equally glad when a painfully slen
der woman uses this article of apparel to
cover a personal defect. Many ruches are
being made out of white silk veiling in
stead of chiffon or mousseline.
For the adornment of trains a new style
has been discovered. Saltings of tulle have
been arranged round and round like an
old-fashioned bouquet. In the center of
the tulle appeared ribbons and flowers.
Only last year diamonds began to be ex
tensively used on ball dresses. Now skirts
having every seam traced with diamonds
are frequently seen and corselet bodices
are covered with them. Above them is
usually seen a chemisette of rare old lace.
These bright little stones have taken the
place of sequins in a great measure,
although sometimes they are used in com
bination. Jewels now are to be used in
such profusion that the makers of arti
ficial gems are flourishing greatly, and so
perfect are many of the imitations that
some of the wealthiest women are using
them in preference to their rare stones.
As a result this fad will soon be a thing of
the past among smart women, as when
imitations are introduced Dame Fashion
shrugs her shoulders in disgust and her
followers do likewise, so wise matrons
and maidens do not invest in any tawdry
finery, for you will have many opportuni
ties to spend your dollars in purchasing
rarely good pieces of silks and other fab
rics during the summer sales, which will
do excellent service later on. However, I
do not intend to lecture on this subject, as
some women will always purchase well
and wisely, and others will insist on col
lecting a lot of odds and ends that can never
by any chance be utilized with any idea of
economy. For instance, we have all heard
of the shopper who goes out and discovers
always just exactly the right shade of vel
vet or whatever is needed to make an old
costume a great success, wkile her sister
will bring home yards of an expensive ma
terial which will combine with nothing
she wears, and at length she has to leave
it in her dressmaker'B hands to match.
All learn by experience something about
purchasing wisely, but for my parti think
one is naturally a good or bad shopper.
And what do you suppose is the latest
idiosyncrasy of the day? The red hat! It
must be simply dreadful according to my
ideas, but it has not yet reactied our
shores; however, it is coming. One is de
scribed as being of the brightest cerise
straw and another of the darkest crimson.
The trimmings are either crimson roses,
shading into pink; bunches of cherries
tied with cerise-colored ribbons, or black
feathers in combination with red tulle
rushes. This fad will be of short duration,
as one quickly wearies of so pronounced a
color. The deep crimson hat, however,
j trimmed with black tulle and black ostrich
tips is not so bad for a decided brunette.
Many gowns continue to be made hav
ing skirts and sleeves alike, the bodice,
which ends at the waist line, being in
marked contrast. All skirts are plain and
flat on the hips, moderate godets behind,
quite round, and they show a tendency to
become shorter. Mabcella.
will have some whist news from him. On
his return from the congress we wiil give
to our readers, fresh from tbe whist tables,
illustrated deals as played by tbe masters
of the game in battling for the world's
championship.
One of the editorial articles in Whist
for May, under the headline, "A Signifi
cant Matter," says: "The Union League
Club of ± J hiladelphia, which has always
declared against card games on the general
ground that they tend to foster the spirit
of gambling, has at length decided to
open its doors to tbe game of whist."
This is not a ereat event in itself to
chronicle, but it has a deep significance
when all the circumstances surrounding
this matter are considered, and reflects
deserved credit on the American Whist
League for encompassing tbe game of
whist in an atmosphere purely moral,
thus exerting a healthful influence upon
devotees of the game.
The Union League Club has denied in
fluential requests that exception be made
bo far as regards the game of whist, but
when it was pointed out to the committee
of that club that none of the league clubs
played lor stakes and that their influence
was wholly against it, the privilege of
playing whist in the club was readily
granted.
Gold-Lined Belts.
There is a really new idea in white kid
belts, but one in which but few will in
dulge. It consists of a pale blue enamel,
artistically applied, but lined with gold.
From St. Petersburg a correspondent
sends to an Eastern periodical an interest
ing description of a gown which must be
of rare beauty — well worthy to be preserved
forever on canvas.
One of the gowns ordered by the Czarina
to be worn at one of the festivities in con
nection with the coronation feasts is
of changeable moire velvet in evanescent
tones of pale willow ereen, rose-petal pink
and ivory. The long train is embroidered
with silver and crystal flejar de lis, at
tached to one another by intricate
lacings and true-lover's knots done
in pale cold, on which single
strings of pearls detach themselves. All
around the train a coquiile of maenificent
antique point de Flandres is fastened and
draped by clusters of pale pink and pale
green feathers, intermingled with white
lilies, .The low-cut cor
sage and the petticoat are of pale pink
moire-antique silk, glaced with silver,
paneled with the changeable velvet used
in the train and smothered in point de
IN LONDON
MEN`S FASH IONS ARE
CONSERVATIVE
Lounge Suits jHaVe JWo J^airs of
Jrousers — Knickerbockers
for Gour\tr\j — BroWr\ i
the Rage.
"Him" has taken a run over to Eng
land, and, as usual, writes to Vogue his
latest observations. Concerning the styles
for men he sagely remarks :
"I find, contrary to expectation, that in
London the fashions are most conserva
tive both as to cut and as to colors. The
gaudy waistcoat has gone to America.
The fawn is really the only one worn
by well-dressed men. It is double
breasted and is perfectly plain. The
green is also di?appearins: from the
tweed lounge suit. Brown is decidedly
the favorito color. The loun:e coat is,
as usual, single-breasted, loose In the back,
the waistcoat to go with a lounge also
single-breasted and in the country men
are wearing knick ( ;rs almost altogether.
Indeed mv tailor tells me the lounge suits
are made with two pairs of trousers, one
ordinary long trousers for the city and the
other knickers for the country. White
flannels are being utilized for golf and
white flannel knickers with loose coat
and waistcoat are indeed very smart. A
dash of red in the way of a tie improves
this costume wonderfully, the golf stock
being used extensively. I have seen in
London many men wearing morning coats
of black diagonal. There also seems to be
some slight change in evening suits. The ',
tails are again rounded, not square, and i
very long."
As usual, gray frocK coats will be seen
at the Ascot and Derby. Covert coats are ;
shorter this season as they just reach the i
knees. They may be in shades of gray, ■
fawn or drab. The seams are wide and
of course, the coat is loose-fitting, and !
many fashionable tailors face them with !
the covert cioth instead of with silk. They
have fly fronts and are single-breasted, i
In London some of these coats are made
Flandres, while a stomacher of great bril
liants and pink pearls will finish off this
truly imperial toilette.
Me Gained His Wish.
He held her hand. "I should love to see
more of you !" he cried.
She withdrew her fingers. "Not here!
not here!" she murmured, "but — "
He started.
"To-night!"
She had vanished. As in a dream he
read the card she had slinped into his
hand. It was a ticket for the Cluster <fc
Peel living-picture series.
Keep beaded in the right direction, even
if you do nothing but creep.
NEW TO-DAY.
"LET HER USE
Lola Montez
Creme
If she wishes to keep off her face
a FRECKLES,
Ft SUNBURN,
v TAN -" : by a lady
VbiPIB&jF This advice was given by a lady
,r~S'~?~pz. -f ,_ who knew what she was talking
"' about, and was a deserved tribute
to this wonderful Creme. 75c a jar at my parlors.
Bent postpaid.
GUARANTEED TREATMENTS
This week for wrinkles, pimples, coarse pores,
muddy and sallow complexions.
rjIT>TAT Ladies out of city sending
-LXIJ.2i.JU this ad. with 10 cents in
T>/yY' stamps, will receive a book of
•DvAA. , instructions and a box of
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
And a Box of Face Powder Free.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST, ::
40 and 42 Geary St., San Francisco, Cal.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR REMOVED BY
ELECTRIC NEEDLE.
of "a cloth known as "Venetian. '' Thes
have very broad backs and are cut very
loose. A broad band extends down the
center of the back. They are not lined
| and have but one pocket, whereas the
j usual covert coat has three.
The black cape overcoat is as much worr
j in summer as in winter over evening
dress, the only difference being in th&
weight of the cloth.
A black vicuna frock roat, worn with a
fancy or black waistcoat and cashmere
trousers, is fashionable and useful for
numeious occasions. Many are wearing,
frock coats of gray mixei material with
trousers to match and double-breasted
fancy waistcoats. Frock coats should be
built with very square shoulders. They
; are double-breasted and have peaked lapels
with roll silk faced to the buttonholes.
Many meu include in their wardrobes
a blue flannel suit, which is assuredly very
! useful. For a sack suit tweed or shepherd
'■ plaid gives good satisfaction.
No one ever goes on a journey in a silk
i hat; the very idea is absurd, comfort and
appropriateness being tnoroughly studied
nowadays.
The smartest men carry only very simi>«
wood walking-sticks without any orna
mentation of any description whatsoever.
New York critics declare that John
, Drew has an excellent tailor this season,
! and is dressing better than ever.
Ready-made duck trousers are never
1 satisfactory, for on being washed they
shrink and pull entirely of shape, so in the
! end it in best to have them made of the
| heaviest linen fabric by a good tailor. »s
| trousers must be correctly handled, other
! wise any air of style is irupossiole.
A handsome present for a man is a com
! plete outtit for tiis writing desk in tortoise
shell mounted in silver. C. C.
NEW TO-DAT.
¥¥^¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ *
| Special Saving Sale $
*— " «
* Haviland I
I China |
* y*?v With *
* f^*\ Beautiful *
* uP C^* Hand- * ;
* Jr fi? painted J
* '/?*fj!\ */ Decora- JJ
/v \\ £^n J 8 tions. *
£ flfF7*V^\i /*5 prices- ♦
£VZJ&%]&Mi ~ forMon- J
*ni i^*^^=^ =si "" -^*» da y only Z
♦«\ iV""""" I '"**---^^----"""""''^ — ? r8 one * 2*
£ 1 V»|\ i* third less *
£ \t \ l than reg- 2,
£ \/j \ ■ ular val- X
£ I^a ues- T^a 2
* *^** Cups and J
£ Saucers, 25c; Coffee Cups and Sauc- J
* ers, 35c; Aft r-dinner Coffee, 20c; J
7 Dessert Plates, 20c; Large Plates, 25c. i
T See them in the window. J
* 2
* *
* THAT BIG CHINA STORE- *
5 A Quarter of a Block Below Shreva^s.
* WANGENHEIM, BTERNHEIM & CO., ♦
* 528 and 530 Market St., «
* 27 and 29 Sntter St., *
♦ BELOW MONTGOMERY ♦
* ♦
IMS? Jfiw ( Juns/inmc&
22 Geary St., Near Kearny. ]
We have received during the week
many remarkable lines of Wool and
Silk Goods, which we place on sale .
Remarkably Low in Price!
I Case All-Wool Fancies, 25c Yard
1 Case Mobair Fancies, $3.50 Suit
1 Case Fine All- Wool Serge, 50c Yd
1 Case 42-Inch Crepon, 50c a Yard
1 Case 44-Inch Mohair Suiting
' ■ • > ... • ,75c Yard
1. Case 45-Inch Mohair Fancies
. . • • • • $1.00 Yard
:■ ■ v ■■■ . *. -.
The above goods are all far below
the price usually asked for | similar
qualities.
SEE OCR, BLACK SILK BROCADES.
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
mm cop HOUSE.
SPECIAL SALE OF
Corded Corset Waists and Shoulder
Braces for Ladies, Misses and
Children.
100 dozen Perfect Fitting Drab
. aliases' Corsets, regular price 91,
.. ■will be closed out at 75c
BICYCLE CORSETS.
DR. GRAY'S BACK SUPPORTING SHOULDER BRACE
THE ENGLISH MILITARY BRACE.
- « . . . ..-.'■■ • ■- ■•-'■-'■s^t :
■ CAUTION* — HavlDtc no agencies or branch
stores, our Corsets can be purchased only at our
establishment..: :...-■.'
! Mail orders receive prompt attention. ' '
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free. - - '
MAKE NO MISTAKE IX OUR ADDRESS
3VE. PR.EUD <*» SOU,
742-744 flarket St. and 10-1 2 Grant Aye.
Kw^iv *1 1 H } Ijum^wlnr til
REMOVES SUPERFLUOUS HAIR BY ELEC-
.IV tricity at $1 a sitting: first sitting free; no
I Bcarsleft; moles, warts, e f c, also removed.
2930
THE SAN FRANCISCO STAGE
Nat C. Goodwin has broken the record of
disgruntled actors— he has not called this
a jay City. Night after night he shivered
with loneliness in tbtt empty Baldwin
Theater, and the members of his troupe
eoula not be persuaded that they were not
giving a series of dress rehearsals. Judg
ing by precedent, Goodwin should have
gone away saying that hayseeds clung to
our hair and that we dwelt on the jump
ing-off place of creation. The actors
who deign to glorify the town by their
presence have always judged us by their
box-office receipts. If they departed with
their pockets full of money they bowed to
our refinement; if they lost coin here they
discovered our souls to be dead to all
culture. But Gcodwln has heaped coals
of fire on our heads in return for neglect.
He told us so on Friday in a speech.
Although he met with a chilling frost he
battled with the temptation to call us
"jay" and rose superior to it. The cruel
word never passed his lips. Kind, con
siderate Nat Goodwin! It is pleasant to
jjnow that there is an actor who does not
judge us by a purely monetary standard.
In return for Goodwin's moderation the
least one can do is to wish h''m all pros
perity in Australia. It he were taking a
different and a better company he would
be moiv sure of it. "In Mizzoura" should
be pla>ed as often as possible and "A
Gilded Fool" seldom or not at all. In the
latter play no one shines except Goodwin
himself. When he is off the sthge the
audience suffers from that tired feeling
that comes from an utter lack of interest
in the proceedings. It is useless to specify
the particular actors and actresses vho are
misfits in their parts, for n that
comedy the whole company fall 1 " below
mediocrity, excepting always Ooodwin
himself, and excellent actor as he is the ,
days of one-man plays have gone ' y.
Though lost to sight for some years,
Colonel Mapleson has remained dear to
the memory of American opera-gcers. and
if he really fulfills his promise of coming
back to us next season, he is pretty sure
of a w-.'lcorne. The old gentleman has been
making it hot in London lately with his
plans for building a great opera-house on
the Mte of the theater that used tc be Her
Majesty's. The scheme fell through for the
reason that so many of Mapieson's schemes
have iallen through, he was found to be
minus the necessary capital. It is said
that he is now the employe of the Im
perial Opera Company, and in that
capacity he will bring a troupe to the
Baldwin Theater early next year. He
has been in Milan, looking over the oper
atic market for young and promising
singers who can De picked up at a bar
gain, and h* professes to have found
several prima donnas who will make
Calve and Melba look to their laurels.
The colonel has a positive talent for
discovering genius. One could cite
numbers of operatic stars who owe
their hrst recognition to him, and though
he bas seldom paid them in coin
of the realm, he has brought them fame,
which is as good as money in an opera
singer's pocket. People whose reputa
tions are made have in these later years
shunned Mapleson as they would the
plague, but the beginners who are for
tunate enough to have friends to pay their
bills still hail him as their friend. If the
colonel does not relapse into his almost
chronic state of bankruptcy between now
and January, it is very possible that he
will bring us a good troupe of coming
stars, willing to sing ior glory in the hope
that later on they may reap a golden re
ward.
Baldwin Theater.
John Drew begins a week's engagement
at the Baldwin Theater to-morrow night
in "The Squire of Dames," a comedy
adapted from the French for him by R. C.
Carton.
Kilroy, the Squire of Dames, is a
knightly sort of gentleman who has made
a liie study of the fair sex, and says it is
his duty to save them from their own fol
lies. He finds a young married woman,
Mrs. Dennant, separated from her hus
band and on the point of falling into the
hands of a scoundrelly baron. He imme
diately steps in, and constituting himself
her squire, saves her from the conse
quences that threaten. He has just met
her, but that makes no difference. With
breezy nonchalence he bobs up at the
proper moment to push the scoundrel
aside and take charge of the young wife.
he succeeds finally in routing the baron
and reuniting the separated couple. Mean
while he himseif falls a victim to the wiiea
of a pretty American heiress.
Mis* Maud Adams, Drew's leading lady,
will have the role of Mrs Dennant, and
the other members of the company em
ployed in "The Squire of Dames" wi'l in
clude Annie Irish, Ethel Barrymore.liiadvs
Walli?. Harry Harwood, Arthur Byroli,
Lewis Baker, Graham Henderson, Prank
Lamb and Herbert Ayling. The curtain
will not rise on "The Squire of Dames"
until 8:30 every evening.
California Theater.
The last presentation of "The Home
Secretary" by StocKwelTs company of
players will be given to-night at the Cali
fornia Theater. To-morrow evening an
English comedy by Sims and Raleigh,
"The Gray Mare," will be presented. It
was last played here by the Lyceum
Theater Company, and its nuniorous situ
ations were greeted with plenty of
laughter.
Herbert Kelcey will appear in his former
role of John Maxwell, M.D., a comedy
part in which seriousness is necessary to
the development of the humor. The plot
centers round a lie, which he tell his
fiancee in order that he may later on ex
pound to her a moral lesson on the harm
ful art of lying. But before he erets an
opportunity to lecture her the lie has in
volved him in all sorts of trouble, which is
only straightened out after a series of
amusing complications, running through
three acts.
Miss Effie Shannon will play the part of
Kate Stanhope, and William Beach will
have a good role as the musical brother of
the hero. "The Gray Mare" will be pre
teded each evening by the curtain-raiser
"A Pair of Lunatics," by \V. R. Walkes.
Next week the Stockwell players will be
seen in "A Bunch of Violets," rirst pro
duced in this country by Beerbohm Tree.
Columbia Theater.
"Lord Chumley," a play from the pens
if De Miile and Belasco, will be produced
it the Columbia Theater to-morrow night
by the Frawley Company. It is a comedy
whose ciiief character is somewhat of the
gilded fool order, but the theme has been
created with considerable originality b y
;he authors. "Lord Chumley" had a run
jf over eight months at the New York
Lyceum Theater.
The young English Lord, who gives the
j name to the play, is not only poor in this !
J world's goods, but is so inane as to con- i
vey the impression that his mind is weak.
He is in love with the sister of a youne
j officer who is hi> great friend, thougn the
j young lady fancies that he only seeks to
j marry her for her money. The lieutenant
; is a gan: bier and, through this besetting sin,
! he has fallen into the power of a French
j adventurer, who trades on the situation to
I the extent of forcing himself into the
! young man's home and trying to marry
I the sister. Chumley grasps the situation,
and shows an unexpected amount of
shrewdness in foiling the villain's plots.
Alter exhibiting a great amount of seif
| sacrifice, he is finally rewarded by the
hand of the girl he loves, and tne French
man is sent back to the galleys, whence
he had escaped.
Grand Opera-Houie.
The coming attraction at tbe Grand is a
spectacular comedy-drama new to this
! coast, entitled "A Perilous Voyage." It is
I from the pen of Harry Meredith, author i
of "The Promised Land" and other well- j
> known melodrama*. His latest work, "A
i Perilous Voyage," has, as its title implies,
| a strong nautical flavor.
Most of the scenes are laid on board a
: United States frigate on its way to Chino. j
j One of the leading roles, that of a lieu
! tenant of the ship, Frank Desmond, will
I be played by the well-known leading man,
I William L. Roberts, who has been especi
i ally engaged for the production.
Tivoli Opera- House.
The Tivoli's summer attraction will be
| presented to-morrow night, in the shape
of Offenbach's operatic spectacle, "A Trip j
to the Moon." The fantasie is founded on ]
I Jules Verne's famous story, and consider
| able preparation has been undergone in !
< order to present it appropriately. Fifteen \
: musical sets and changes constitute the
I illustration of the plot of the voyage frum
| the earth to the moon, and they have all
I been arranged with an eye to scenic effect. I
! There will be new and brilliant costumes, j
light effects and accessories.
Tbe cast will include all the favorites of j
the company, together with a ballet led i
i by Mile. Adele Vercellesi, under the direo
; tions of Signer de Fillipi. Several special- '
j ties will be introduced.
After "A Trip to the Moon" the grand
opera season will open, ender the direc
tion of Gustav Hinrichs, who is announced
to bring with him a number of noted
j artists. During the course oi the season
several grand operas not yet heard in this
City will be presented.
At the Orpheum.
It is announced that the Orpheum in
j tends to take a new departure in the shape
of three matinees a week, beginning with
next Wednesday. The matinee days will
; be Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Among the newcomers this week will be
Biily Van, whose name is familiar to
lovers of the old-time minstrel show. He !
was seen here two years ago with the
| Primrose and West Company, and was
j considered one of the hits of the show, j
i He is billed to do a funny monologue act i
to-morrow night. The "Stewart Sisters
will be another addition to the bill. They
! are said to be comely young women, who
j introdnce original songs, dances and paro
| dies into their "turn." Bimbo and Tehi
will Kive burlesque magic and juggling ]
I tricks. Another newcomer will be Lill ; an :
| Western, who styles herself "The Instru- j
i mentalist" on the strength of performing
i on thirty different musical instruments.
Several of last week's performers will be I
■ held over, among them being the Mario- I
| Dunham family~the Meers Brothers and !
! Hayes and Post". A number of new views ;
. have arrived for the vitascope, among i
; them being the raucb-discussed May Irwin i
' and John Rice kiss.
Columbia Dramatic School.
The eishth performance of the Columbia
School of Dramatic Art will take place on
Thursday afternoon next, June 25, at 2
o'clock.
Two new curtain-raisers will be pre
sented, one, by William Greer Harrison, is
entitled '•Expiation," and the other, by
Miss Ellis Yates Grant, is called "The
Three Miss Biddies." In addition to these
plays there will be a performance of
Jerome K. Jerome's curtain-raiser, "Sun
set." There will aho be a minuet dance
by eight young ladies in the character cos
tumes of Louis XIV period, with novel
light effects, a Spanish bolero, and a new
character dance, called "Past and Present. 1 '
Hacdonough Theater,
To-morrow evening Nat C. Goodwin will
open a two nights' season at the Macdon
ough Theater, Oakland, with "In Miz
zoura." The second night will be devoted
to "A Gilded Fool."
On Tuesday, July 7, John Drew will
open a three nights' season at the Mac
donougli.
Grover'a Alcnznr.
"The Crossroads of Life" will be the at
traction at Grover's Alcazar this week.
The tirst performance will be given to
morrow evening. Collier will be one of
the star actors in the caste.
I'aik Theater.
Notice will be found in another column
of the opening of the commodious Park
Theater on Grove street. "The Cruskeen
Lawn," which was successfully produced
last nigiit, will occupy the boards for the
rest of the week.
Dramatic Brevities.
Frederick Warde leaves New York on
the 24th for this City.
Hoyt is in Paris now and he expects to
have a new play when he returns in the
fall.
There are but two characters in the cur
tain raiser to be given at the California
this week.
"The Idler" will be the bill for the
fourth week of the stock season at the
California.
Marie Marcltesi, daughter of the famous
sinking teacher, will make her debut on
the London concert stage in July. In the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 18*16.
late forties Mme. Marchesi herself was a
favorite mezzo-soprano concert singer in
London. She was a pupil of Manuel
Garcia.
Mary Forrest, an American singer, lately
made her London debut at Queen's Hall
and received "good notices."
Melba's Ophelia, or at least her render
ing of the mad scene in Thomas' opera,
ha» stirred Paris as greatly as it stirred
New York.
The present prospect is that the only
foreign dramatic stars of note in this
country next season will be E. S. Willard
aud John Hare.
Maurice Barrymore will open at Palmer's
Theater next November under William A.
Brady's management, in his own play,
"Roaring Dick & Co."
Thomas A. Edison promises ultimately
to combine the phonograph with the vita
scope, so that one may hear as well as see
all tbe marvelous things provided.
"Bohemia" still remainslhe star attrac
tion of the Empire Theater company's
repertoire and will be the opening play of
that organization's engagement at the
Baldwin next month.
Mmc Emma Eames has taken the trou
ble to deny a printed rumor that she will
make a tour of this country next season
with Colonel J. H. Mapieson's New Im
perial Opera Company (Limited).
The Pall Mall Gazette learna that Mr.
Daly will take his dramatic company,
headed by Miss Rehan, to London this
year, after all. The run of "The Geisha"
at Daly's Theater, of course, will not be
disturbed, and the American players will
probably appear at the Shaftesbury.
Mme. Calve has contradicted the report
that she will appear in Paris, and except
as to her London season, she declares she
will rest all the summer in the country,
till the time arrives for her return to tue
United States. Moreover, she will not
create the chief part in M. Massenet's new
opera, "Cinderella," as she believes she is
not physically suited to the role, while as
to "Sappho," it will not be finished till nex
year.
"The Clergyman's Daughter," the new
musical play which George Edwardes will
produce at the London Gaiety, is not "friv
olous or skittish." Edwardes says it is an
old-fashioned little drama, which attempts
to get something of the sweetness of the
"Vicar of Wakeiield" and the sympathy
of "Sweet Lavender"; and it is set to
music, a good deal of which is lively, and
some of which is tender. Add a crowd of
pretty chorus giris and the mixture is
complete.
Modern Dramatic Tuition.
Loud and angry voices were heard in
the room above. A woman's piercing
scream smote the air.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
A woman's heartbreaking sobs broke
upon the ears of the horrified listeners.
With one accord they rushed up the stair
way and bur.it open the door of the room
from which the sounds proceeded.
A woman with disheveled hair, torn
and dust-covered clothing ana eyes red
with weeping stood in the middle of the
room.
A man with his coat off, sleeves rolled
up, his eyeballs rolling in frenzy, and the
perspiration streaming down his fece
confronted the intruders.
"What do you want here?" he de
manded.
"We are here in the interests of human
ity," sternly answered one of them. "You
are brutally mistreating a woman!"
"Am I?" he asked, turning to her.
"No-o," she sobbed, "you are not! Gen
tlemen, he — he is teaching me how to — to
express the— the natural emotions. This
is a — is a school of dramatic art."
And the avengers slunk out of the door
and went slowly down the stairway. — Chi
cago Daily Tribune.
OFFENDED THE ACTORS.
How Lord Russell Made Inconsiderate !
Remarks at a Public Dinner.
For the first time in the history of the
English theater the Lord Chief Justice has
presided at an actors' dinner. Lord Rus
sell of Killowen, who will cross tne ocean
to see America in August, in his speecn as
chairman at the fifiy-Grat annual dinner of
tne Royal General Theatrical Fund, had a
little fun wiih the players. He said:
"It may not be known to all of you, but j
it is known to some of you, though per- !
haps not by experience, that the Lord
Chief Justice is head of the criminal judi
cature of England, and the time was when
her Majesty's servants— the actors on the
stage— were not so willing, as I am nappy
to see everybody here is, to favor and
honor the Lord Chief Justice. In truth,
this points to one of the most remarkable
changes that ever occurred — and it oc
curred within comparatively recent times
—in connection with the great profession
of the stage. I looked up an ancient
statute— a statute passed in the times de
scribed as those of 'good Queen Bess.'
This statute, passed in the fourteenth year
of the reign of that distinguished sover
eign, declared that all fencers, bearwircb,
common players of interludes and min
strel-y, not belonging to any baron of the
realm or person of greater degree, wander
ing abroad without the license of two
Justices of Police, should be liable to be
grievously whipped and burned through
| the gristle of the ear by ■ hut instrument.
' You will observe from the statute that in
the days of i.<Jod Queen Bess only barons,
like my Lords near me or persons of
greater degree, could enjoy witnout run
ning the risk of penal consequences the
society of fencers, bearwards, and common
players. It may sound odd, but are you
aware, gentlemen playactors, that until the
year 1825, thirteen years before the Queen
ascended the throne, you were, oneand ail,
vagabonds by act of ' Parliament? It is, in
deed, a remarkable thing, but gentlemen
and ladies following this profession are
now treated and received into society as
all men and women ought to be received —
on their merits."
All of which has excited either the ire or
the ridicule of the few Englishmen who
know anything about the stage and theat
rical history. H. Barton Baker, author of
"Our Old Actors," writes to the Standard:
"In the first place. Lord Russell's quota
tion from the much-misunderstood statute
of Queen Elizabeth plainly shows that
only unlicensed players were aimed at by
it? provisions. In that respect, where is the
difference between then and now? At the
present day actors performing without a
license can be summarily arrested as
vagrants. The players of the Black
fnars, the Globe, the Fortune, etc., no
more came under such an enact
ment than do Sir Henry Irving, Mr,
Tree, or Mr. Alexander. They were the
friends of the noblest, vide Shakespeare
and Lord Southampton. In the oil play
of 'The Return from Parnassus,' one of
the characters say=: 'For honors who of
more repute than Dick Burbage and Will
Kemp? He is not counted a gentleman
who does not know Dick Burbage and Will
Kemp.' In the wills of several of the
Elizabethan actors the testator is styled
'gentleman.' And the word bad a posi
tive meaning in those days."
WANTED YOU BURGLARY.
A Peddler of Japanese Ware* to Be
Sent to Sacramento.
Philip Fitzsimmons, George Hanley,
an old balltosser, and John Monaghan
were peddling Japanese goods at the
north end of Larkin street Friday evening
when they were arrested on suspicion by
Policemen Cullinan and Myior, as com
plaints had been received of peddlers com
mitting petty thefts.
They were taken to police headquarters,
where they denied that they were doing
anything but a lisitimate business. Chief
Crowley thought they could only be
charged with peddling without a license
and felt disposed to let them co.
Detective BaJnbridee had been watching
Fitzsimmons and surprised him by telling
him he was wanted for burglary in Sacra
mento. Fitzsimmons was loud in his de
nials, but he was locked up and a|inessai;e
was sent to Chief Drew of Sacramento
asking if he wanted Fitzsimmons. A
reply was received yesterday that he was
badly wanted and an officer would leave at
once to take him there.
DEFICIENT STREET FUNDS
Supervisors Find That the Ap
propriation Will Not Go
Round.
There Will Be $25,000 Less Than
Enough to Carry the Depart.
ment Through.
Present indications are that nothing can
prevent a big deficit in the Street Depart
ment funds for the fiscal year that ends
on the 30th nist., and the question of re
sponsibility for the lack of money has be
come one of deep interest to the Superin
tendent of Streets and the members of the
Board of Supervisors.
The Finance Committte of the board has
had its expert working on the figures in
the matter for some time past with a vie^v
to bringing the situation down to facts
and has learned the condition of affairs
within the past two days.
While the members refuse to discuss
the matter until a report is made to the
board to-morrow, it has been learned that
the actual deficit for the fiscal year will
exceed $30,000 and that after using all the
money available to help out the fund there
will still remain a dehcit of $25,000 or
more.
The expert's report embodies the fol
lowing points:
Expenditures — presented on
the Street Department fund up to June 19,
1896. $480,526 96; June requirements (esti
mated), $25,363 40; amount to be paid on
contracts not completed, $51,519 60; total,
$563,414 96.
Receipts— Street Department portion of
money raised by tax levy, $493,858 33;
licenses, $25,175 25; miscellaneous, $12,
-693 87; June receipts (estimated), $939;
total, $532,576 45. Th ; shows a deficit of
$30,858 31 lor the fiscal year.
As a partial offset for this there is the
Bam of $5700 left in the Street Department
fund from last year, which will serve to
brin'.' the actual deficit down to about
$25,000. •
These figures are expected to have no
small bearing on the fixing of the Street
Department appropriation for the next
fiscal year.
A Joke in the Commons.
It is not often that the House of Com
mons has the chance of enjoying a eood
and innocent joke. But it lound the occa
sion the other night, and at the expense of
John Burns, who is far too earnest a man
to indulge in jokes of malice prepense.
"Since I came into the House, four years
ago," said Mr. Burns, "the confidence of
the public in it has much diminished."
The laughter that here broke forth pre
vented him from finishing the sentence. —
Household Words.
NEW TO-DAY.
Twisted, swollen, painful, weakening in its effects upon the
1 vital powers, the direct cause of thousands of cases of general
nervous exhaustion, debility and decay. This is Varicocele in
the veins of the vital parts. It is perhaps the most dangerous of
; the many results of early indiscretions. It drains the vital pow-
ers in that slow, treacherous manner which leaves no sign of its
terrible effect until the awful work is done — until the whole
nerve force, the foundation of mental, physical and vital strength,
is undermined and manhood destroyed. Doctors have tried
every known means in their attempts to cure it, and have usually
given it up with the advice that it will not be a serious matter.
But this is only their way of excusing themselves for their help-
lessness. It is a serious matter, as is proven by the thousands of
physical wrecks it has caused. But it can be cured by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 18, 1896.
TO THOSE SUFFERING FROM VARICOCELE:—
I would like to add my testimony to numerous others in possession of Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt Co. repurchased a No. 7 Belt from Dr. Sanden about the first of
; April, which I used according to directions, and after three months' trial lain happy
to state that ray varicocele, which was of twelve years' standing, has almost entirely
disappeared, and the veins and parts are almost normal. I take great pleasure in
recommending this belt to any one suffering from a like trouble.
Respectfully yours, WM. E. JOHNS,
1139 Market Street.
.jv-jj- ■ There is not another remedy in the world
to-day which has received the favorable men-
Itt^Kj^w^S tion that has been given Dr. Sanden's Elec-
(m|J^|!^J^^^ trie Belt. In many forms of disease and
■ "3^^^^^^? .weakness in , both men and women it has
:*••> ' proven effective and deserves a trial. Full
information and price list in the book, "Three Classes of Men,"
free. Gall or address
ss^vivrx3JDiNr ELECTRIC CO.,
•630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.,
- Office Hours— B A- M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 t» 1.
' .'.'• '— OFFICES AT—'
tOS AKGKLES, CAI* I PORTLAND, OR.
i.04 boutli Broadway. , ' , | . .53 Washington street. , ,
DISCRIMINATION
IN CONTRACTS
City Supervisors Charged
With Showing Favor
itism.
JORDAN COMPANY'S SUIT
The Folsom Street Paving Con
tract Alleged to Be
Illegal.
$20,000 PAYMENT QUESTIONED.
Auditor Broderick May Not Allow
Money to Be Paid the City Im
provement Company.
Thomas J. Crossman, secretary of the
Jordan Bituminous Rock and Paving
Company, has petitioned for a writ of cer
tiorari and fora writ of piohibition re
straining Auditor Broderick from signing
a warrant on the City Treasurer for pay
ment of $20,000 to the City Street Improve
ment Company on account of the paving
of the Folsoin-street boulevard.
The complaint alleges that the Board of
Supervisors, on February 10, after the
usual proceedings, passed resolution 13,
-740 (third series), directing the clerk to ad
vertise for proposals to reset the granite
curbs, reconstruct the cesspools and re
pave, with bituminous rock, the roadway
of Folsom street between Nineteenth and
Sixth, with the provision that bidders es
timate and state a specific sum for which
the entire work would be performed, also
the amount they would allow for the old
material on the street.
It is further alleged that when tbe bids
were opened the Jordan Bituminous Rock
Company filed with the board a notice in
writing that if it be allowed to do the
work und^r the specifications in force
prior to May, 1893, instead of the recent
specifications, which it is said discrim
inate against the petitioner, it could and
would file a bid whicli would be very
much lower than the lowest bid that
could be obtained from any other con
tractor bidding for the work.
This communication was ignored and
the contract, on March 2, 1896, awarded to
the City Street improvement Company, in
accordance with the specifications and
with tbe provisions of section 4 of order
2146, at the contact price of $39,686 69,
less $S3lO 69 to be allowed for old material,
the net t>id therefore being #51,376.
The deponent further alleges tnat he is
informed and believes that a contract ac
cording to tbe same terms was afterward
made with the Improvement Company for
the same work and passed to print on June
15, 1896. The authorization of June 15th
reads :
Resolved, That an expenditure of $20,000
be, and the same is hereby authorized to be
made out of the Street Department Fund in
payment to the city Street improvement Cora
j'dny ior first progressive estimate on contract
lor repaying with bituminous rock certain ac
cejited blocks and crossings on Folsom street
between Nineteenth and Sixth streets, as per
Resolution 13.876 (third s>eriet>.}
Foremirework $89,636 63]
A mount allowed tor old material n,310 69
Net cose $31 ,376 Oi)
First progressive estimate "20,000 00
The Jordan Company hold that the
authorization for the payment of the $20,
-000 is void, because the contract was to be
paid for in one total sum at the end of the
work and not in progressive payments
during the construction and that no
money is due on the contract; also, that
the authorization is based upon illegal
proceedings because petitioner was ex
cluded from the b'ddingand discriminated
acainst by the specifications, which pre
vented the Jordan Company from using
its bitumen in the construction of the
work, because that bitumen is brought to
San Francisco in vessels, cut up in small
pieces to make it fit for transportion, in
stead of being brought in bulk from Santa
Cruz on Southern Pacific cars, and because
the Jordan Company's kettles are opi-n
kettles instead of closed kettles, such as
are used by other contractors.
It is further alleged that the proceedings
are void because the specifications, sub
stantially in their present form, were once
adopted i>y the board and vetoed oy the
Mayor, which veto was sustained by the
board and then again adopted and again
vetoed by the Mayor, and have not since
been passed upon by the board.
Tnerefore it is held that the duty of the
Auditor is not to pay the $20,000 author
ized by the board and that he has been so
informed by the Jordan Company, but
says he willaudit the warrant if it be pre
sented to him unless he is restrained by
the court. It is also believed that the
Board of Supervisors intend to issue
further warrants to the City Improvement
Company.
Therefore tne Jordan Bituminous Rock
and having Company prays that a writ of
certiorari to review tbe proceedings of the
Boar! of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco be issued, and
that a'writ of prohibition forbidding the
Auditor to audit any warrants for the
City Improvement Company on this con
tract be also made.
AN INHUMAN BRUTE.
D. Cohn, a I'eddler, Who Drove a
Horse to Death, Severely Pun-
ished by Judge Conlan.
D. Cohn, a peddler, living at 1044 How
ard street, was taught a lesson by Judge
Conlan yesterday that he will not forget in
a hurry.
Cohn on Sunday, May 24, hired a horse
and buggy from Joseph F. Sophey's livery
stable, 820 Folsom street. He took the rig
out at 7 o'clock in the morning and re
turned with it at 7 o'clock at night. The
day was very hot, and the horse had been
driven so hard that it was thoroughly
played out and die^i in a few minutes.
A veterinary surgeon was called in, and
after examining the horse he came to the
conclusion that its death was caused by
overdriving.
Cohn was arrested two days later by
Officer Hooper of the Society for tbje Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals for driving
the horse to death. The case was contin
ued from time to time, but Friday Cohn
was convicted by Judge Conlan snd or
dered to appear for sentence yesterday
morning. The Judge, after scoring Colin
for his cruelty in drivins; the horse to
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS. -_-^_-_-._-^,_-,^,
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
 ~ — 71 WPFk" Beginning ' <2<2
IIALOWIN V.V.I-rfJL^lv. Monday, June 22.
wii-LETT 111 Every Evenin«; at B:3o— Matinee Saturday Only.
FOURTH ANNUAL TOUR OP
MR, JOHN DREW
And his American Company— Management CH AS. KKOHJM AN— presenting
« "THE SQUIRE OF DAIES!"
a And his American company-Management CHAS. FBOHMAJJT— presenting
"THE SQUIRE OF DAMES!"
Hy R. C. CARTON, Author.
f^ll^Olgi^ Mr. Drew's Company Includes:
K%ffl>?MWsT&k MAUD ADAMS. ETHKL BAURYMOKE. LEWIS BAKER.
W%MfaJffi%2s& ANN IK IRISH. HARRYHAKWOOI). FRAN K. MB.
VUn%ffiMifflL%s> GLADYS \V A LLIS. ARTHUR BTKOX. HEKBEBT LING.
'^ f *6yx&Z'!&sS/ GRAHAM HENDERSON, Etc., Etc.
NOTE.— On Monday, June 29, THIS THF.A IKR WILL . CLOSK for the usual Summer Holiday,
and will reopen MONDAY, July 27. with the New York Empire Theater Company.
I*, at the i 4 I STAMPED WITH THE SEAL OF SUCCESS !
CALIFORNIA
— — — — — — — The Play— The Company— The Production
ij. R. S'OOkwell's i TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY), LAST PERFORMANCE
CompanyofPlayer, "JHE HOME SECRETARY."
4f3F^\ mr/heTbW Becinning To-Morrow (3londay) Night,
m&m kelcey, Here We Tilf
v. i*£, MISS kffiis 1 Are Again. Inc
J^K^^y SHANNON
«$> Aiithe AND " The Popular CV MfIDC
%1&%" J Favorites. Cm*, Ul l L I If SH il L I
FOR LAUGHING PURPOSES ONLY.
THERE IS NO TIME LIKE THE PRESENT 4 r X" AT ■'A I Fr
TO SECURE YOUR SEATS 1 OCj -»JC> O»JCj »)"ClillU ( »JCt
A Choice Seat for 3"^c and sOc (ALL RESERVED).
MATINEE 25c AND 50c.
MONDAY. JUNE 29 - - - A BUNCH OF VIOLETS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
FRIEDLANDER. GOTTLOB & CO. Lessees and .Managers.
NOTICE.
IF BUSINESS CONTINUES WITH
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
During their present season, as ft lias been since the opening nisht. we will be compelled to establish both
A GOLD AND A SILVKR STANDAR ■ TO HOLD THE DOLLAItS.
Ladies Compelled to ••staid Up" Every Night of
THE CHARITY BALL
So Great was the Crush. ' Only Two More Performances.
TO-MOKR W, MONDAY ~ JUNE 23
Another Great Lyceum Theatre Success,
LjOrd OH:xjAd:T_ l
By Henry C. De Mille and David Belasco.
CAST OF CHARACTERS:
Lord Chumley.... jt'RANK WORTHING
Adam liuttersvorth, retired MACKLYN A ■: BUCKLE
Lieutenant Gerald Uugn Butterworth of the Ninety-first .....CHARIibS WYNGATE
Gasper Le Sage, a gentleman with an elastic conscience TV RON' POWER
Tommy 'fucker, stoker on the nilJ-jipht flyer underground railway: .'.GEORGE W. LESLIE
Blink Bank, an authority on jail life in Europe WILSON EN OS
Winierboitom, reared amount; the nobility "oEORGE BO WORTH
Eleanor, tbe Queen of Lummy Turn .v 1113*4" OERTKUD!-: ELLIOTT
Jessie Deane, nick- named the Little Red Riding H00d....' MISS HOPE ROSS
Lady Adeline Barker, forty, fair and fat. ; MISS PHOSA MCALLISTER
Meg, the angel of the attic ...MISS BLANCHE L BATES
Preceded by a comedy in one act, THE SILENT SYSTEM
Characters: He ....FRANK WORTHING
she For both plays tiie same Beautiful and Artistic Stage Setting's' and MISS New* Costumes
For both plays t'.ie same Beauiiful aud Artistic Stage settings and I- legant New" Costumes
MO I) AY, .lUNK 39. "HIS FIFE'S FATHK . '
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO Hole Lessee m 4 M»aa«e
COMMENCING (TO-MORROW) MONDAY EVENING, JUNE 22,
Initial Production Here of Harry Meredith's Spectacular Nautical Comedy Drama,
"A PERILOUS VOYAGE."
BY MOROSCO'S POWERFUL. DRAMATIC STOCK COMPANY.
Special Engagement of the Eminent Leading Man.
WIT iT iX-A-IVE Ij. ROBERTS.
Beautiful New Scenery! Gorgeous Costumes! Chinese Pirates and Soldiers!
Battle Between American and Chinese! Burning of the
United States Frigate America.
NO ADVANCE IN OUR POPULAR PRICES.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE /^ . &
Mks. i-.XNKbTiNKKKKLi.vrt, Proprietor & .Uaaaca.- &■ A »|A «OB
-LAST 3>JXGrI3:T —
Of the Triumph of the Season. V WV^ vW^I \\^
Dellinger's Melodious Romantic Comic Opera O'Farrell street. Between Stockton anJ Powell.
s^ v^ s^_^^ >^^ >^ s^ >i^^ >^ vw^_^^ <v% _^^ Matinee To-Pay, Sunday, June SI.
•-_ . " _ Parquet, any seat. '25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c.
X r^TD "C 3 A TTVT'G" I ' Children. HH-, any pan.
J IV-^jTV.Jr\.-i™L.JLjLN -Cj ' RfI 6 r -r-'S" KW BBIUIASX STARS — 6
BILL\ VAN, LILLIAN WESTER ,Mi:u VRT
•>^-^-~^^^^--^-~~^*s^-^^^^^^.^«^. SISTERS. BIMBO AND TEHI. MARLO-
A Perfect Production In Every Detail. S5-GKKAT 'V Al' I^ILILK °STAUS-S5
— -TO-3IOKKOAV EVENING Regular Wednesday Matinees Beginning
OUR SUMMER SPECTACLE. — — : June »4. ,
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON!" ' £_' 4 ' %v% ,*
MIRTH-MUSIC-DANCK. dttlftf frrf
— rv Wily #
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc. . , oTi>
TUC . ruilTro " Saturday & Sunday Afternoons & Evenings
inc. UnU I CO. ' June 20th ami i l -:.
i Tlx© Entr^na -d T_ia.civ
Open To- Day From 10 A. M. to 11 P. M. Introduce^ AeoJien^Khival.M.
PERILOUS PARACHUTE JUMP tSX^SXtSXSS&^SS. **!&£&£*
-by-.
?AT 4:30 S£M?±M£^*-°' :d °?
„_, Wonderful livins exhibition every evening thu
BY week KLKC I RIc.VL BTE It v.OV I ICOX
IHIW VI'UIU riAI I Saturday Honorary school Children's Day
MISS ESSIh VIOLA, ;^.-<iP^i. APIO8 c m- I
The Worlds Greatest Lady '- Children, Go.
Aeronaut. OPENING OF THE RAND CIRCUIT
Look Out for the Fourth of July ! .tboitiic-iioese BBXKIKS' ASsw.
Admission-Adults, 10c; Children (Including Mem- n ■ r*T\c* • £.
ry-so-round Ride), sc. — RACES! /4s£#> RACES'
MACDONOUGH THEATER >^SS^\
(OAKLAND), IK"GrT_iEWT-pT^.
IC. <3-OOl3X7iril»a- , Ju . 27 « 30; Jul 7 1, 2, 3, 4, 1896-
To-Morrow (Monday) Evening. ...IN MIZZOUB \ nrelem **it?n* y V y ? ay; o ßest horses on the Coast
Tuesday Evening GILDED FOOL «%SStoS?**:lB l^oct?' MUsloll -
$11,376 00
death said he would make an example of
him, and sentenced Him to pay a tine of
$250 or be imprisoned in the County Jail
! for 180 days. , • ,
Conn's attorney pave notice of appeal
! and filed a bond for $1000.
FOUR BLACK EYES
Three Men and a Woman Surprii*
Judge Campbell.
Three men and a woman, each with a
black eye, called upon Warrant Clerk
Jackson"of Judge Campbell's court yester
day morning and asked for warrants.
Lawrence Sutton srot his black eye from
a bartender, ar.d as he did not know his
name he was designated as "John Doe."
James Lane was in the same position and
his assailant was named "John Doe."
Richard Roberts knew his man, and the
warrant asked for the arrest of Thomas
Carr. Honora Walsh, a striking blonde,
said she got her optic colored by John
Hurley. , . .
Jackson wrote out the complaints and
marched the four complainants into the
courtroom. The Judge was poring over
the Political Code, and Jackson disturbed
him by telJing him he had four warrants
for him to siirn.
Without looking up the Judge asked,
"Have you the goods in evidence? Jack
son replied that the evidence was before
him. The Judge looked up And when he
saw the four black eyes he saicr: "W hat s
this? Are you putting up a job on me?'
.He signed the warrants.
Held for l'erjury.
The long-pending case of Frank L. Stocking,
charged with perjury in swearing as a bonds
man that he owned certain property on Octavia
street, was disposed of by Judtre Low yesterday.
He held the defendant to answer before the
Superior Court in $3000 bonds.
Clara Collins' £tttate.
Alexandre Collins has applied for letters of
administration on the estate of his wife. <iara
C. ColMns, who left property valued Rt SfcfjuOO.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank Clearing gain 1-Va\-
Shipment of $379, 34* to China.
Sterling Exchange weaker.
Mexican Dollars lower.
Wheat Futures declined.
Barley dull and weak.
OLher Cereals in:*c;ive
Hay. la large receipt and weak.
Beans continue quiet.
Old and New Potatoes lower.
Onions dirt cheap.
Butter and Cheese easy.
Kg-rs weaker all ar >un"d.
Peaches tlrm. Apricots wea*.
Berries declined.
Citrus Fruits unchan^el.
Dried Fruits show nothing new.
Fxplsnatlon.
Il«ef connrSf twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
ttVm „, rf ? Z ., V V n , la Of erllI » l air Pressure; lM>
wor™ h^ - K n , es ' equal Ihe
U . Ineft " ShUh b * ru ""-«ric pressure and
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
-Lov^ , PH r' ed « by C!onily ™«herand rams.
co^.T ivi, U flrst ' |!t '" * °" tue Washington
low \^n l T P resaure is high in th« interioi
*.« ,k along the coast, and the Isobars extend
but wh a n n fK Uth , al lh , e COM ' rafn »> Probable;,
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
Ssf k e °.. c u J[ Vllture - ram south of Oregon is improb
able. Wltha-hißn" in the vicinity of Idaho! and
the pressure falling to theCalifornla coast, warmer
weather may be expected 111 summer and colder
2«i J!L In Wlnter - fhe reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result
WEATHKK BUREAU KKPOKT.
United States Department of Agricdi<-
TrßJt Wkatheb Bckkac, Sax Fraxcisco. June !
20, 1898, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60, Red Bluff 98, San Francisco 61, '
Fresno 100. San Luis Obispo 78, LO3 Angeles 88,
San Diego 70, Yuma loe.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 61,
minimum 49, mean 55.
The pressure is highest this evening In the vi- '
cinity of Vancouver and lowest in southern Ari- .
zona, Somewhat warmer weather prevails '
throughout the ret ion west of the Rocky Mount
ains except along the immediate coast, where only
slight changes have occurred. It is expected that
fair warm weather will continue in the interior
Sunday. Alone the immediate coast partly cloudy
and tos^y weather will prevail.
Forecast made at >an Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. June 21. 1896:
Northern California— Fair Sunday, except partly
cloudy and foggy Sunday morning along the Im
mediate coast: brisk to nigh northerly to westerly
winds on the • CTdiern coast. .. - .-
Southern California — Fair Sunday: probably
slightly cooler at Los Angeles; fresh northerly to
westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Sunday.
Ctah— Fair Sunday.
Arizona— Fair .-unday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday, except
partly cloudy and fogey Sunday morning; brisk
to high westerly winds. W. H. Hammox.
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MAKKKTS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 20.— London ap
parently changed front to-day, at least certain
houses with foreign connections here were moder
' ate sellers. No adequate reason was forthcoming
for these sales, and arbitrage houses were inclined
to the belief that the bulk of the orders originated
here. At least this view of the case was taken by
a number of the leading arbitrage people who
usually get a fair share of European business in
this market. The lower prices from London, how
ever, had some influence with the smaller oper
ators, who parted with lo'sof stock bought early
in the week. Realizations In the aggregate were
on a moderate scale and the reaction in quotations
generally was less than a point.
The news from the grain-growing regions was
more bullish ou wheat, it being said that the con
dition of the crop in the Southwest had *.iilen off
recently. Further than the alleged London selling
and the news about the wheat crop in Kansas
there was little of interest stirring. Near the close
a part of the early loss of 1 413,1 VI per cent was re
covered and the market left off steadier in tone.
The total sa'es footed up only 44,681 shares.
Bonds were lower. Sales were $504,000. Atch
ison fours fell % to 79; Northern Pacific collateral '
trust sixes, 3i io9lVi: Oregon Improvement sixes
rose 2to 88. In Government bonds $1500 coupon
fives sold at 113Vs-
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII, steady; Winter wheat, low
prades, *1 70@2 55; do. fair to fancy, $2 4f@
§ 45- do patents, »3 70@3 90: Minnesota clear.
«2 40@2 90: do straights, ?2 95@3 55: do
patents $3 25<54 30: rye mixture, *2 40@J 10;
K&rflneTw 6U®2 UftlM. $1 &O@2 05. South
ern Hour dull, steady, unchanged. iiye flour quiet
and steady at $2 40@2 80.
RYE— Stead y; Mate. 4C3/ 4 c. f. O. p.
CORNMKAIi — Dull, steady; yellow western,
?2 05(3i2 10: Brandywlne, $2 15.
BApHKY-Quiet: Western, 33VaS34c.
BARLEY MALT— Unchanged.
"WHEAT— Spot market dull, steady and i/gC
lower; f. o. b., 72 % c; ungraded red, 63@73c;
No. l'Nortnern, 723 B e.
Options opened firm at V«c advance on better
cables and foreign buying, fell i/sffl-Vic on late for
eign selling, closing firm at Vgc loss with a moder
ate trade. September and July most active. No.
2 red, June and July 63y 8 c; September, 64% c;
December. 66ysC. -„• '
CORN— Spot dull, firm: so. 2, 34y 8 c elevator,
351/00 afloat.
: Options were dull and steady at unchanged
prices. September most active. June, 34c; July,
34»/ 8 c: September, 35y 8 c; October, 38c.
OATS-Spot quiet ana steady.
Options dull, steady, a; 8 c decline, July, 21% c;
September, '<tiysz. 2. 22c: No. 2 white. 24y 2 c:
bpot prices: No. 2. 22c : No. 2 white. 24V 2 c:
No! 2 Chicago. U2*4c; No. 3. 21c: No 3 white.
23^ic: mixed Western. 22Va@23^c: do white arid
white state. 24%@B7Vfec.
: FEED BRAN — Unchanged.
Provision 1.
" BEKF— Steady: quiet: family, $8 6009: extra
r;..V.' $6<37. Beef hams, $14 50@15. " lerced
beef steady: city extra India mess, *ll@l3. Cut
meats firm: pickled bellies 12 pounds, 414 c: do
quarters, 4J^c: do hams, 4iA@43 /4 c.
LAHD— Quiet: ta-i.v; Western steam, s4 40: city,
«4- July. $4 40: refined, dull; easy: Continent,
*4 - 65: Aouth American, $5 10: compound 4^y 4 o
-Steady: old. $8 26@S 60: new, 88 75(0.»-
BI'ITEK-Qula Fancy firm; State, dairy,
10@15c: do cr-amerv. 11%@15c: Western cream
ery, llV 2 @J5»/<}C; do factory, 8®llc; Elgins,
16y,c: Imitalion creamery, 10@12c. .__
I - -Quiet; easy. State, large, B%@7c:
do »<mall, sW*7c: art SKlms, 2@4y 3 c; full skims,
K*GS- Quiet: State and Pennsylvania, 12®
121.4 c; Western ir sh, 101/2®!'^! do case, $1 50
A3.
TALLOW— Firm: quiet; city, 3i^c; country,
fOTTuNSF.EDOir -Qui°t: steady. Crude, 20@
2OV2C: yellow prime, 24%@25c; do, off grade,
244Jc.
RiiSlN— Quiet; steady; 25y 2 @-6i,4c.
POTATOKS— ■ vie • <-«»>•; :-ouihern, 40c@$l.
RlCK— Steady; unchai . '
MDI.Av-K — Stead v; fair demand; unchanged.
COl-FEK-Quifet: unchanged to 15 points' up;
June, $11 80: September, $10 45; October. $10 20:
December, $10; March, JO 90. Spot Bio dull;
Steady; No. 7, 13Vic ' „,
SUUA r.— Raw. quiet: steady; fair rcfinlnu, 3%c:
FINANCIAL,.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YOaK STOCKS.
. WMbtLOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorfl St.. Tel. Main 1954
BRANCH OFFICE
K9S Market . S U. Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828:
6^B Markn s <- pUKOY Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tatlona. Reference Ist • » uulm l J3auk, .->. I.
centrifugals, S)8 test. Bqfca Kefined. quiet, un
cnaiiged.
Kruit and Produce.
PK?r I .«°J<?- Bacs ' «V 2 fd120.
5i- -k ~ eleUl ** *' 12 @ 13c: do unpeslea.
',' 5 \ N Xs — Four sizes, nominal: sc.
qi/ *^-Two-crown loose Muscatel, SV4®
i/ sC \ °° '"ree-crowii, 4J, B (&4ir2C: do lour-crowu,
*Vi>Wsc; no London layers. »oc®«i.
«i>i.-i— Quiet. State common to choice. 2y 2 (SBc;
Pacific Coast. ■• il^<*7<-.
, *',' 01 — Fairly active, steady; domestic fleece,
16(gi21c: pulled, 15@33c.
Merchandise.
Pin IRON — Moderate demand; American,
*11 70AIS,
yOPPEU-Dull: lake. $11 50@12
i-f-Ali-Qui-i; domestic. *3@.HO2iA.
i^,— Kirul: straits. *13 50@13 60; plates, quiet.
fc>Pis.Lli.i,.-Quiet: doniesnc 84 0&@l 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., June 20.— T0-day's half ses
sion of the wheat market was devoted to light
scalping operations and to cleaning up of trade for
the week. Crop damage reports had little In
fluence on i rices, which opened easy and declined,
but owing to covering by shorts rallied slightly.
The advices from the Northwest to the effect
tl a' rust was appearing in spring wheat were re-
iv. -d wit-h considerable doubt aid indifference, :
the belief obtaining that these reports were pre
judiced. It was argued that the continued heavy
movement in thai section was sufficient evidence
that no material injury to the crop is threatened.
Minneapolis and Duluth received 505 cars
against 449 las: Saturday and 719 a year aeo.
Chicago received 26 cars and inspected out 19,000
bushels. Liverpool Jcables were 3, 4 <i higher. Ex
port clearances from both coasts for the week
were 3.020.0'J0. Arcentlna shipped 360,000
bushels for the same period. Closing continental
cable* were irregular. Exports for 24 hours from
Atlantic ports amounted to 278,254 bushels.
September wheat opened from 59c to 58% . sold
between 58V4c and 593/gc, closing at 6854 c, Vie
under yes.er.iav. Estimated receipts for Monday,
1 5 cars.
CORN — Prices of corn moved In the course
marked out by wheat, but their progress was slow
and dilatory. There was no trade of any moment
or importance, ihe semblance of a market being
kept up through the moderate trausac ions of a
few local traders. Liverpool cab es were quiet
and steady. Receipts were 67 car* and 117,000
bushels were taken from store. Argentine ship
ments of corn last week amounted to 864.000
bushels. Atlantic eaboard el. arnnces were 67,
-700 bushes. September Corn opened at 2914 c
sold between 29* jc and 29V&C, c osing at 29 Via, a
shade beiow yesterday. Eat. mated receipts for
Monday 405 cars.
OATS— Derived motive for their action from the
other grain markets, but business was too small 10
be classed as active. Receipts were 317 cars, and
52.600 bushels were taken from store. Export
clearances were 45.600 bushels. September Oats
closed i/«c under yesterday. Estimated receipts
for Monda\- 250 cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash, 80i<.c: July, 80y 2 c;
December, 8Sy 3 c; September, Bis. B @B2c. Receipts j
were 14 cars.
PROVISIONS— The half holiday session and
the heat combined to produce a languid feeling in
the provision market. The fac that the hog
market presented no strength had a discouraging
! Influence on product, ana prices ruled lower with-
I out any animation being d:splared in the market.
September pork closed 21.0 C under yesterday, Sep
tember lard and ribs each 2Vs@»>c lower.
BUTTER— Quite a good business was transacted
j in butter today. Receipts were large, however,
and the demand not quite up to the supply. Prices
were steady and unchanged.
EGGS— Receipts were mederate to-day demand
fair; prices unchanged.
MONEY— Was 6@t>Jf on call and 6% on
time loans. New York exchange sold at 40c
premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— June. 57% c: July, 67% c; Sep
tember, 58% c.
CORN— June. 27%@"7^4c; July, 28@'28y8C;
September, 29 Vic.
oats— july. 17V 8 c; September. 17Rijc: May.
1:01 <\
PußK— July. 97 05: September, $7 20.
LARD— JuIy, 34 10: September, *4 25.
I. list— July, 33 7713; SepieniQer, $3 92Vs-
Livestock.
UNION* STOCKYARD*. 111.. June 20.— Only
a few cattle were received to-day, and they sold
at steady prices. The arrivals or hogs were very
large, and the packers succeeded in forcing a de
cline of 5c in prices. The demand was only fair.
Trade in sheep was active to the extent of offer
ings. ' Prices held firm. ..: ■;.■ ,■
CATTLE— Receipts, 3000. Fancy beeves. $4 35
(g.4 50; choice to prime, $4 15@4 30: common
; to lair steers, $3 50@3 60; bul.s, choice to extra.
' *2 80@3 25.
HUjS- Receipts. 24,000. Heavy packlnz ana
shipping lots, $;i(«3 25: common to choice mixed.
»3 05003 40: choice assorted. »3 40*3 60; light,
93 25@3 55: pigs. 92 75&3 55.
SliKiiP — Receipts. 23UU. inferior to cnolce,
53 10(^3 35; .fciiits, *3*6 50.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Ruilrosd
-"-.-,• - ■- Shares.
Money on call easy at 2%. Prime mercantile pa
per. 4yj@s^'. Bar silver, 6884 a Mexican dollars,
53- < y ]) (a,645 B e. Sterling Exchange is easier, with
actual business in bankers' bills at 94 87% for
(50 days and . 94 b6Vs * or demand. Posted
rates, $4 88@4 89. Commercial bills, $4 86(3)4 86*4.
Exchanges, $90,270,255: balances. $5,681,066.
The sub-treasury was 9502,965 debtor at the clear
ing-house. The Mercantile Safe Deposit Company
reports silver bullion on band 443,121 ounces; cer
tificates outstanding, 443.
CX.OSINB STOCKS.
Am Tel <fc Cable.... 9iy 3 Norfolk & Westrn. 5
Atchison 15 I Preferred. 10v*
Preferred 21S/i Northern Pacific. 4»/i
Adams Express 142 j Preferred. 14V4
Alton, Terre- Haute 58 Northwestern. ll'3vs
American ExpressllZ Preferred 148
American Tooacco. 67V4 S. Y. Central 97Vs
Preferred 98 |N.Y. .Chicago* -.L. 113/4
Bay State Gas 25ty» Ist preferred 70
Baltimore Ohio.. 19V2! Yd preferred 31
Brunswick Lands.. Vis N. Y.&N. H 173
Buffalo, Roch .t P. 18Vi N. Y. & New Eng. 40
Canada Pacific B2i/4|N. V., Susq & \V... f-i/4
Canada southern.. 50V 2 Preferred 83%
Canton Land Ontario HVr.
Central Pacific 16y 2 Ontario & Western 14%
Ches. & Ohio a 6 Oregon Improvmnt %
Chicago Alton 55 Preferred —
Preferred 170 Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. & Q.... 79ys Oregon Short Line. 4
ChicaEO&E. 111... 41 Pacific Mall 25V4
Preferred 99 Peoria, D. & Evans 11%
Chicago Gas 67 a / 4 Plttsburg <fc W. pfd 15
Cleve& Pittsburgh Pullman Palace.. 158
Consolidation Coal. 3'i Quicksilver. if.. 3
Consolidated Ga5. .159 Preferred 17
C. C. c. & St. Louis 32 i/i Reading.... 15V4
Preferred 80y a !RioGrande<feWestn 15
Colo. Fuel <fe Iron.. 26V» Preferred 40
Preferred 100 ißock Island 70V4
Cotton Oil Cert 18 Rome WatAOgden.ll6
Commercial Cable. 150 St. L. <fc S. W 4Va
Del. Hudson 125 Preferred lOVt
Del. Lack* Westrn. 182 St. Paul 78%
Denver it R. 13 I Preferred. 128J/2
Preferred.. 4J«V2 St. Paul & Duluth. 20
Distillers .» 17 I Preferred.... 85
General Electric... 325/ 8 St. Paul & Omaha. 43%
£rie 14 ■ Preferred. 123
Preferred 36 St. P. M. <t M 112
Fort Wayne 163 .sliver Certificates. 68 7 / »
Great Northern pfd 11 6 Southern Pacific... 1834
Green Bay V\ Southern R. R PV2
Harlem 295 j Preferred 28V4
Hocking Coal I 1 /* Sugar Refinery ... 122
Hocking Valley 15Vij Preferred 103
Homestake. 32 Term. Coal 4 Iron. 23V&
H. & Texas Cent... Preferred 90
Illinois Central 95 Texas Pacific 8
lowa Central.. BV4iTol.A.A.<fc N.Mich.
Preferreo 33 |Tol. & Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas <fc Texas... 11 V*! Preferred. 70
Preferred 241/4 Tol.St. Louis* K.C. 5
Kingston* Pern... 3 ' Preferred 6
Lake Erie & Westn 18% Union Pacific 7%
Preferred. 71 U. P. Den A Gulf.. '2 l
LakeSbore 153 C. S. Coraage 6Va
National Lead 24y a Preferred 10V4
Preferred 89y a | Guaranteed 21
Long Island 75 U. S. Express 40
Louisville & Nash. 61% U. 8. Leather BV3
Louisville N a <3cCh 9 I Preferred 62%
Preferred 20 iU. S. Rubber. 19
Manhattan Consol. 1033/4 Preferred 771/,
Memphis* Charts. 15 Utlca *B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... 93/ B '\\ at), t->. L. * Pac.. 634
Michlga-i Cen;ral.. 96 , Preferred 17Vjj
Minn * 8. L. AVeils-Fargo 97
Preferred Western Union... tS4i/2
Minn * St. L com. 18 Wisconsin Central. 1V 3
Ist preferred 78 Wheeling &L. E.. V*/4
2dpreferred 471,4 Preferred 34«/ 4
Missouri laclflc .. 24 Am Cotton OH pfd. 56
Mobile* Ohio 20 W. V. Beef 8
Nashville * Chatt. 6S Ann Arbor 9
National Linseed.. 19 Preferred 25%
N. J. Central 106 V 2 Brooklyn Traction. 231/4
North -i merican . . . 68/ B 'Ene 2d ptd 20
CLOSING BONni.
V registered.. 109 |MKT2ds.. 59»/4
Do coupon HOVj] Do 4s 8Sy 2
US 4s new, regstrd 117 %; Mutual Union 65... 11 4
Do 4s, c0up0n. ...117y 8 .n J Cent Gen 65...119y2
Do */s Northern " c 1»t5.117V5
D 055...... 1 13 i/ 2 i D02d5.... ..116V»
i o 6s, coupon. .. 1131/2 DoSds... 72
Cherokee 4s, 3896.100 Northwest Consols.l 4o
Do 1897 10) ■ do deb &s 11l
Do 1898.... 101 OR& .\ lsts. 112V4
Do 1899 .....100 StL&lronMtGenss T9Va
Pacific -is of '95....10« l/ 4 St L <fc 8 F Gen 65.113y 2
DC3-65s 107 St Paul Consols — 132
Ala Class A 45..... 106 St PC* Pa 15:5...H9
Do Class 84, 55.. 99 Do PacCal lsts. .lll Vfr
La Consol 4s 'Southern R R 65... 93%
Missouri funding... 122 Texas Pacific lsts. 86V3
N Carolina con 65.. 104J/ 3 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 82
- Do 48... jUnlon Hac lsts '96.103Vs
Bo Carolina 4V«5...106 West Shore 4*. 10t3/
Ter m new 3s 82 Mobile * Ohio 45.. 66^
Va funding dent... 69% R Grande West lsts 77
Do registered Ches 4 Onto 55....107V4
Do deferred 63... n Atchtson 4s. «;
Do trust rcptsst. 7 Do 2ds A :'..■ »lVi
Canada Sou h2d5..106 |G H4B A6s ... 105
Cen Pac lstsof '9s.lO:<Vs 1>02d75..... 101
Den <fe G Ist 11l jH A Tex Cent 65..—
Do 4s 92V4 Do con 6s. 102
Erie Ms 64 Reading 4s M>
Kansas Pa Consols 72 Missouri Us 100
Ks Pa lsts Den divlll
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 10.— The P:ari Fruit
Company sold California fruit in the JS'emral Auc
tion to-day, realieing prices as follows: Cherries—
Bnyal Anne, $1 65@2 «6 box; Black Republi
cans, $1 B"&1 85. Plums— Clymans, #1 05@l 75
» half-rrate; Cherry, 80c@fl 20. Peaches— <iar-
Uio<ls ( sl2o; Alexanders, 90c@f I 40. Apricots-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
Royal, 90c@»l 25: Newcastle, 60@75c Some In i
poor condition brought prices lower.
Porter Bros. Company sold California fruit to
day in Consolidated Auction room as follows:
Prunes— >lmoni, *4: Tragedy, $2 IS •to $2 45.
Plums— Oregon, 98*0; Abun lance. $2 25 to . $3;
"Plums," $1 20 to $■„' 25; flyman, ?1 U to $1 40. !
Peaches— Kary May, $1 60; Alexander, ?1 20 to
91 35. Apricots— 90c to $1 20.
CHICAGO, 111, June 20.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold to-day California fruit in Consolidated >
Auction room as follows: Plums— Or gon, $2 60;
Abundance, $2: Plums, $1 35 to 75: Royal
Native ana St. Catherine, 91 15 to $1 40: Clvman,
$1 05 to *1 35: Koenisr Claude, 91 2V. Brill, $1 10.
Prunes— Tragedy, $1 hO to $«' 80. Cherries— Royal
Anne, $1 15 to $1 65: ' 'lartarlan. $1 6: Cen- j
tennial, $1 05. Peaches—Alexander, 66c to $1 15. ;
Apricots— Koyal, 80c to 95c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVRRPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eng., June 20.— The spot market
Is firm at 5s 3d@ss 4d. Cargoes firm at 25s 6d,
buyers, arrived.
FUTDBKS.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
4s 1034 d; July. 4s lOS/id: August. Is lO^id; Sep
tember, 4s lO^id: Octooer, 4.s 10S/*a.
SECI'RITIKS.
LONPOV, Eno.. June 20.— Consols. 1123,4;
silver, 31 7-16 d; French Rentes, 10H 22Vic
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 <teys — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — 4*9 Vi
New York Exchange, sight — 12^
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, y. ounce ..' — 683/4
Mexican Dollars — &4V* j
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Coptic took out a treasure list of 9379,343,
consisting of $) 34,318 In Mexican Dollars, 91040
in Gold Coin, 9100 in Gold Dust and 42*3,8*5 in
Silver Bullion.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were 912,962,521,
against $11,613,668 lor the same week in 1895,
a gain of 12^%.
■ *
PRODUCE MARKET
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— lnactive and depressed, with a fur
ther decline in futures. No. 1. Bsc; choice, 97v<ic;
lower grades, 90(gi93S/4c; extra, choice for milling,
f I©l 10 ¥ ctl.
CALt, BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December—
600 tons, 98c.
Kwfi'Uß Morning session— December— l7oo
tons, 97»/ic: iIOO, »7% c - Seller '96, new, storage
paid— loo, 9i>V«c; 800, 95c.
BABLKY- Continues weak and quiet. Dark j
Feed. 67V2@688 / ic: choice bright, 70e; Browing, i
76@80c.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Regular Mornino Session— sales.
OAI S— Quiet and unchamted. Milling, 3 @9oc:
fancy Keen, 90@92Vsc; good to choice, K*jMi@9o ■;
common to fair, 77i/3'a'H'J 1 2C; Gray, 80@Voc; Sur
prise, 85c<si!?l O"JV> '? *>*•
CORN— Very dull. Large Yellow, 87V2@92V*c: I
Small Round do, 97Vssc; White, 77%(g.a-'y 3 c f»
ctl.
RYK_76@76V»cl» ctl.
HICK W — 85®90c ctl.
FLOUR ASM MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 Vi bbl; Bakers' extras, $6 BB(o,3 63;
superfine, $2 75@3.
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, 19 50@20;
Cracked Corn, JO 50@21 V ton.
MILLSTUFFB— Prices In 10-tt> sacks are as fol- I
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, !
: i 4 c: Rye Flour. 3i,ic: Rice Flour, 7V2 C - Corn
meal, 2^4@Sc; extra cream do, 3V2C; Oatmeal,
3^ic; Oat Groats, 4Vuc; Hominy, 4fe4i/^c: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y 3 c; Farina,
4VsC: Wholewheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 41/40;
Pearl Barley, 4iAc; Split Peas, 43 /4 c; Green do,
514 c a. . .
HAY AND FKKDSTCFFS.
BRAN-Sls 50@16 50 t» ton.
MIDDLINGS— *I 7 M)@18 50 f, ton for lower
■trades and *19(<i'J0 V ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFb— RoIIed Barley, 15 50@16: Oil- I
cake Meal at the mill, $21 per ton; jobbing, $22:
' Cottonseed OilcaKe is out of market.
II AY — Receipts continue to increase, as will be :
I seen c sewheare. Prices are weak. yew Wheat, $8
(a,lO 50; New Wheat and Oa:. 37 50@9 50: new
I oat, $7@B %* ton: new Barley. $6 50(ai7 50 $ !
Ito ; second cutting of Alfalfa, ■$(>(«•) 50.
Old Hay is quoted as follows: Wheat, $8®
11 50 %* ton: Oat, «7@9: Wheat and Oat. $8©11; !
Barley, *7calH 50 ¥ ton; Clover, $6@7 50 f* ton: !
C<impressed Oat, $6 50(a,8: Compressed Wheat, «7
©10 50; Mock, $0(a.7 per tou.
STRAW— aO@4Oc%( bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos,*l@l 07%; Small Whites, $1 15
(SI 30: Pea, *120@l .5: Large Whites, 9O«a}fl 05;
Pink, 86@92i^c; Reds, »1 25: Blackeye, nominal; i
Red Kidney, nominal; . Liuias, 92 35(62 65: But- i
ters, (I 25<g,l 40 for small and $1 26@1 50 tor
large.
SEEDS— Quotations are as follows: Brown
Mustard, sl 50@2 25:Trieste,$2<5)2 tO: Yellow Mus
tard, ?1 40@l 50: Flax. $1 70@l 80; Canary.
V lb; Alfalfa, 7l^@9y a 9 1b; Rspe, 2y 2 c %1 ft;
llemp, 3VoC lb.
DRIED PEAS— $1 25@1 40 f* ctl for Niles and '
$1 25(a;l 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Both old and new are lower. New
rotates in sacks, 75c@$l 10; new Early Rose In I
bxs from the River, 9Oc@sl 10$ ctl: new Bur- !
bank Seedlings, $I@l 25; Oregon Burbanks. 70® I
80c: Early Rose are out: Petaluma and Tomales, !
90@75c «* ctl; ilumbokit Burbanks. 70@80c y.
ctl.
ONlONS— Unchanged at 15@20c IB ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 462 boxes As- i
paragus, 56 boxes Rhubarb and "19 sacks Peas.
Prices were lower as a rule.
Green Corn, $l(a.l 25 V sk: Alnmeda Corn, 12Vj
@20c "fr doz: .Summer Squash. 35@50cfor I rv and '
•_'.'na)3iic V bx in small tuxes; Egg Plant. 10@12V«>c j
%* It: Tomatoes, $1 2.">(( l'_' 1* box: TJucnmbers. $1 ■
(all 75 %< box: Alameda Cucumbers, jf'i(S)3 '$ |
box; Asparagus. f,Oc<g..*l 25 V- box for ordi
nary and SI 50(a2 tor extra: Rhubarb, 25 ;
@75c %i box: Dried Peppers, s@l2V.jc: Green j
Peppers, 25c %* lb: Green Peas. 50cCai$l %>. sack for !
common and 2_- $ Hi for Garden:" String Beans. !
iy.ya.Ac "r- lb; Horse Beans, 40@50c V sack: Dried
Okra, I2V2C; Cabbage, 45©50 c %». ctl; Garlic, 2®
3c '«) lb. . ■
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Easy and unchanged.
Crkameby— Fancy, 15@15i^c; seconds, 14®
14% c * a.
Dairy— Fancy, 13i/2@l4c; good to choice, 12y a
13c: lower grades, H(<zjT2c.
CHEESK— Fancy mild new, 6i/ 2 c f lb: com
mon to good. s®t>c: Cream Chedaar. 9c: Young I
America, 7(a^Bc %* lb; Wtstero, 10(&llc; Eastern,
12@12V a c.
>.(«<;■--— All descriptions are weak ana the mar
ket is much quieter. Oregon, 10c; Eastern Eggs,
l()@12c V dor.: store Eggs. 10Va'<£12c: ranch Eggs,
13@16c; Duck Eggs, 12V%@14c ft aoz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern is expected to
morrow. ■
Live Turkeys, Il@l2^cfor Gobblers, 10@12cfor I
Ileus: Geese, %i pair, 75c@$l 25: Ducks. $3 50 :
<d.\ for old and S4@s for young: liens. $4<a I
5: Roosters, young, $6 50®7 60; do, old. f4@
4 50: Fryers, |s@j6; Broilers, $3@4 for large and
{ .-Ji*--' 50 for small; Plgtou*, $1 25@1 50 % doz
• lor young unit old. -
ME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
749 boxes, telling at $l(g)l 25 ?) box for Black,
and 85c@$l for Royal Anne.
Peaches. 2.-@6sc %i box. and 70®90c fi basket.
Plums, HOIS.BSC •# crate and 86<g>76c t* box.
Cherry l'.unis. -> (a,'H)<; ?». box
Apples. '25@40c V small box and 25®35c ft
basket aDd 40c®$l V large box.
Green Pears, 25®40c ~t' box . and 25®30c V
basket.
Royal Apricots. 30@60c I>. box and 30@35c
V basket. Moorparks. 68(0)76c V box
Fi«s, 55@50c %i box for simile and 75c@$l f> bx
double layers.
BERRIES— Receipts of Strawberries were 793
chests, selling at $S(al «l chest lor l.ongworths
and jf.-ici.-J for large berries. - "
Gooseoerries tinner at . (sßc f* tb.
Raspberries, $&©8 3 cnest. Newcastle Raspber
ries, 7!>c@sl 3 crate.
Blackberries, * .@« > chest and 80@75c f> crate.
Currants, $2 st'(a>4 :,H: ,H chest.
CITRUS FRUllß— Orangec, 75r@$l 60 box
for Seedlings, $3 5U@4 for Navels, and 1f1(f1.3
*<A box tor Mediterranean Sweets: Lemons, 91@
150 for common anil $2@3 for good to choice; !
Mexican Limes, $6(a>>J 60: California Limes, $1 y. !
box; bananas, $I®"<s li bunch; Pineapples, $1®»
f* dozen. -■ • '
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
v Carload Lots— Apples, I%®2c lb for quar
tered. 2c for sliced ana 4(44 for evaporated;
Peaches, t@sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots, "@8y 2 c
for urline to choice. 9c for fancy and 10Ca)llc "^
lb for fancy Moorpark; Figs,* black, 2V»c for nn
pressed: White Figs, 4c In sacks: Pears, 7c lb
for eva; orated halves, 3!/<j@tJc %i lb : for quarters;
Prunes. S@3ii4c: Plums. jo «i lb for pitted and
lV 'a2c for unfitted; Nectarines, 3V^r<sc ft tb for
prime to choice and 6%c for fancy -,■
Joebino - Prices— i^vaporatea -ripples. 4@3c
lb: sun-dried, \y*fa,'2c; Peaches. 3V 3 ana «c
for fancy; peeled in Dbxeß,l2yaC^ lb: Prunes, 3Vbc
for four sizes. ; 4^c for 4ii(g,so's and 4c -■ for
60@60's; Apricots, 7(a9c lor prim« to choice,
10(aill for fancy Moorpark: Figs, . black, 3Vic; %
Whi.e Figs, 3Ass'c: Pears. .8c %* lb for erapo rated
halves «nd 4(3.7i /2 c for quarters: Plums. 3y2@4c
for pitted and l®iy 3 c for unpltted: Nectarines,
4®sc %* lb for prime to choic»
RAISJNS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots. f. o. \, b. Fresno: Four
crown, loose, v none: 8-crown, loose, Sc; 2-crown,
'i\/my lb: seedless . sultanas, 3c: seedless
Muscatels, l%c: 3-crown London layers. 70c
« box; clusters, $1 35(51 50; Dehe*a clusters j
I $2 10@2 25; Imperial Clusters, $2 60@2 75: Dried
i Grapes. %< lb.
Jiihbinh Pricks — Hour-crown loose, none; 3
crown, 3@'Vic lb: 2-crown. 3a Seedless Sul
tanas. 4c "9* lb: Seedless Muscatels. 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90.j; clusters, $1 60@l 75;
I>ehesa clusters, $-' 50; Imperial clusters, #2 75;
'■ Dried Grapes, .
NUTS — Quotations are as follows: Wal
! nuts, Jt@llc lor No. 1 hard and ll@l3c $ lb for
i paper-shell, jobbing lots; Almonds, 6@7 l ,t>c lor
\ Languedoc and 81/i>@8 1 /i>@ for paper-shell, jobbing;
: Peanuts, e@6y a c • lb for Eastern and for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts. 6@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filbens, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
! fcffllO • 'fi lb: Cocoanuts. *4 50@5 f, 100.
IIONKY-Comb 10@12y 2 c * tb for bright and 8
' (ffi9c lb for lower grades; water- white extracted,
! 6@SV2C %4 lb: light amber extracted, 4Vi@4>«4c;
I dark amber, 4c; dark. 2@3c.
! BEK^>WAX-25(& ¥ lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon is quotable at 6c 9
lb for heavy, 7c <£> lt> for light medium, •9c 9 lb for
light, 10c for extra lie bt and 12c %4 n>. for sugar
cured; Kastern Sugar-cured Ham-*, He lb: Cali
fornia Hams. 9y»c f> lb: Mess Beef. $7 60&8:
extra mess do. $8 50!m9: family do. $10: extra
prime Pork, $8 50<&9; extra clear, $14 Ifi bbl;
mess, $12 f> bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c $1 lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 51/4 C!b
for compound and 6 Vic for pure; palls. 7y a c:
California tlorces, 5c 1$ lb for compound 1 nd 6c tor
pure: half-bbls, 6Vic: 10- lb tins. 7c; do 5-lb, 714 c
COTTOLENE— b@6Vic in tierces and t>3/4,(<s7Vß'-' ;
ip lb in 10- tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7@
71/2 f* tt>; culls and brands 6@6y 2 c "£ lb: medium,
6<&OVaC ■? tb; culls and brands. i>iar>> 2 <' '$, lb: light,
6c; culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 5@5y 2 c: culls
and brands, 4@4i/2c: salted Kip, 5c $ lb: salted
Calf. 7@Bc: salted Veal, 6c; dry Hides, 10i/2@llc:
culls and brands, B@By 2 c; dry Kipand Veal, B@3c:
culls. 7c: dry Calf, 15c; culls. 10c; Goatskins,
20@35c each; Kids. 6c; Deerskins, cood summer.
30c: medium. 16(g.1!6c; winter. 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings. 10(ail5c each; short wool, 2 @
3.' c each; meaium. 40(550c each; long wools, 60®
60c each. Culls of all kind < about ijjc less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3V*(&3VaC; No. 2.
3c; retine I. 5y 2 @5:%c; Grease, 2y 2 c f) lb.
WCOL- Va ley '-.regoi. IS quoted at 9@IOVoC;
00 lower grades, 8($ 9V 2 c; Nevada, 6<B9c;
Ban Joaquin and southern Coast, six months, -Ifctii";
San Joaquin, loothill, good to choice, 7(ftßc; San
Joaquin, year's fl ee-, 4y 2 fa»6y a (;; northern free,
7(3,9<;d0 defective, Sl^o^a 1 - i* &>•
lVa<S)3Cfi ">■
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Baes, spot. $4 25; San
Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24y a @'20y 2 c.
COAL— Wellington. $Bfiton: New Wellington,
$8 V t<n: fouthh'eld Wellington. $7 50 iS ton;
Seattle, $s<g.f> 50; Bryant, $5: Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend, *7: Scot< n, *7 50; Brymoo. $7 50;
'■ Cumberland, $11@12 in bulk and $13@11 In sks;
! Pennsylvania Anthracite ligit, $11 50; Welsh
I Anthracite, $8: 1 annel, $7 50; Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Peasant Valley, $7 60; coke,
$11@12 in bulk and $1 V ton in sks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Hennery Company
quotes, terms net cash: i übe. Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6V4c;
Confectioners' A, sVgc: Magnolia A. 4(j'Bc; Kxira
C, 4 1 -2c: Golden C, 43/ 8 c; half-barrels, Vi e more
than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more.
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
j %*gaL •
I SAN FRANCIsCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, sc: choice. 51/2 C; second
ao, 4y 2 @4%c: third do, 3i^@4c f th.
VEAL— Large, 5(a.6c; small, G^i*7c f> lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6(g»6c: Ewes, 4V>@s^c
%> lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. s@6c f, tb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3@3i/ 4 c ?t lb for large and
3i/i(9i3VaC lor small aud medium; dressed do, 41/2
j @sy 2 c
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Flour, or. sks.... 38.360 Middlings, sks... 80
(iretton S,742:liay, tons. 875
Washington 2,3ti0 Butter, ctls.. 199
j Wheat, ctls 770 Cheese, ells 21
Oregon 3,&9sJKggs, doz 6.960
Washington.... 4. '-'BS Hides, no 345
Barlej.ctls 2,095 felts, bdls 90
Oats, ctls 5 Wool, bis 377
0reg0n..... .... B.llo' Washington.... 20
Washington.... 2,330 Wine, gals 31,600
! Corn, ctls 250 Lime, bbls. 81
! Beans, sks. 615 Tallow, c.is 96
I Potatoes, sks. 2,304 Lumber. M feet.. 30
! Onions, sks. 575, Leather, rolls 1-11
: Bran, 2,4b7
» » »
THE STOCK MARKET
The Corns! oeks closed the week quietly, with no
1 change in quotations worthy of comment.
An official telegram received from the Consol
idated California and Virginia mlno yesterday
says: u Ko ore was extracted this week. No re
cent annoyance from escaping gas from the
slopes."
For the quarter ending June 1 the sross earn
ings of the Napa Consolidated Quicksilver mine
' were $45,600. while the expenses were f 23,467
: The usual dividend of $10,000 and an extra one of
! the same amount will be paid on July 1. This will
:It a vi> $2000 to be carried lorward.
The gross earnlnc-s of the Ktna Qui'-ksilver mine
of Napa county for the quarter endinc May 1 were
$35, 00; expenses $14,510. A dividend of $10,000
was paid on ihe 10111. so there was $10,490 to be
carried forward to profit and loss account.
Following Are thn flisch<-8t Prices Daring
th« Pant Week.
bOAIU) ai.ia
Following w«r« th<» »*»«■» "> th» Saa Fnmclso*
ftocK Board yesterday :
RKOtTI.AR MOBKrtO RKSSTOW rOVWKN'CIV'* 9:TV
300 AJU......18 550 Ch011r. .2.85,100 0phir...1.60
300 Andes... .37 100 U AC. .1.451 00 ...1.65
500 Belcher.. 6» 400 ......... 1.50 400 Sava«...l 95
100 BAB ...1.16 60 H&N... 2.51|'200 Bcorplon..o9
200 80die.....51 100 Mxcn 97 ; 200 a Nev....86
400 8u11i0n.. .27.100 „. 96,100 Uni0n. ...92
100 CCAV... 2.30 200 0vrmn....31 200 V Jacltt..6l
100 2.251 I
following wore tne sales in ths Pacltia StooK
'card jesterday:
t BKnpun BFfwmv— in;Ti.
150 A10ha.... .18 100 ChallDjr.. 41 500 Occd.l.B2J/a
200 Alia.. 18600 CCV..2.i!7i/3 200 1.30
200 Ande5. ...39 200 C0nn.. ..1.36 100 1.35
300 ......... 38 500 ConN V..04 100 Ophlrl.62Vi
100 37,800 Urwn Pt...61 200 Poto«l.47v£
900 Beicner...6s 300 Exchqr...ob 100 Sairf....2.ou
200 ...........04800 0&C.1.471A 150 1.97
450 B 1.17 1300 1.46 400 1.05
300 1.16 H&N..2.16 100 1.90
700 80die.... .62150 .....:. 2.17 i/ 2 «00 Scorpion..o9
200 8u11i0n... 27 «00 Julia 11,200 8 B<fe M...18 I
200 ...2«soOKentuck-.04200 5Nv......90
160 8u1wer... 32,400 L Wash.. .o3 200 » Hill ....04
260 Ca1eda..... 39,400 Mexn.....96 100 Union C..92
200 ....... ....20 800 ............ 95 200 U'-ah......13
200 Cb01r2.82y 2 600 94 100 V Jacl£*t..6O
400 2.86:350 Mono 06 100 62
200 .......2.87y 3 | _______
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, June £o— l2 it.
Sid.Askr<U Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 17 18 Julia — 13
Alia. 16 18|Justice 06 08
Andes.. 37 39,Kentuck ...03 04
Belcher.. 64" 661 Lady Wash.... _ 05
Best&Belcherl.lS 1.20 Mexican 95 «6
Benton C0n.... — 20 Mono.. — 06
Bodie  57 60 Nevada Queen. — 05
Bullion.. 29 j3O OccidentaL . ... 1.80 1.40
8u1wer........ 32 — Ophir .1.65 1.60
Caledonia...... 18 19Overman 42 33
Chollar 2.85 2.90 Potosi 1.46 1.60
C0n.Ca1.5Va... 2.20 2.24 Savage 1.00 1.95
Challenge Con. - 41 4: Scorpion — 09
Con. Imperial. '02 U3 Seg. Belcher... 19 20
Confidence.... 1.25 1.30 Syndicate. — 04
Con New York 04 — silver Hill — • 05
Crown Point... 61 62 sierra Nevada. 85 87
Kast-SierraNev — ■ C6;nn!onCou 91 93
Kxchpquer..;. '• 07 08 Utah..;..;..-... IS 14
Gould <fcCurry.l.4s 1.50 Yellow Jacket. 01 62
Hale & .Norcrs -'.15 2.201
GOLD MINING KXCHAXOB. N
Champion ...... 100 Savannah ..„ -41
Bid ....20 00100 .................. 43
Asked ......:25 100 „ 45
Edna........... -100;.... 44
8id....... .39 lOOSe bastopol...>. 48
A5ked............... - 402J0 .................. 60
Kennedy ...'... Thorpe •;„<• ■:'■"•
Bid ............ '....10 50 Asked ..........85 00
200 Lock wood Con . ."-O , Ybarra.
300 ............... 31 Asked 150
Providence.;./.
A5ked. .......... ....80 00
. LOCAL. BKCUBITIKS.
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank.... HOO 00
Asked 100 Atlas Iron Works..... -■- 90
Asked 60 Tuscarora Water 6 75
STOCK AM) BOND EXCHANGE.
BATURDAY. June 20—10:30 a. m.
TINITJCn STATES BONUS..
Hid. Asked. Sid. Asked.
V 8 4s coup.. loß : '— ' US 48 reg.. .199% —
Do new issue — 117 ['-'■■ 1
MISCELI-ANKOrS BONDS.
Cal-stCbless. — 11234|PacRoil >16s. — —
CalElecL6s — 122V2'D0 2d is 65... — —
CntraCW6s — 97 "|P *O Rv 6a. 105 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 96 100 . P&Ch Ry6s. — 107
KdsnLAPSs — 1221^ Pwl-st RR6s. — 116 V,
"r ACHKli6s.lo4i.is — Reno, Wl>&L - 105
Geary-stßss.lO2 — Sacto P& L. - 10aV4i
I osAng L «}s. — ■ 100 SF&NPR ss. 100»,il01
DoGnteedS* — 103 SPRRArizHs 96Vs« 87.-
Mkt-slCble6sl23 — SPRRI al 6s lOaJ^lll
DoßyConss..losy 8 SPRRCa. 6s. — — .
NatVin6a Ist 95 100 . ,SPKrRCaI6s. — 101 "
NevCNira7s. «»6 105 E^VWater6s..H9 119V4
NPCRR6S. — 10S ;SVWater4-<.. 99V* -
NRyCal 63.104 107 StktnG*E6s — 100
NRy Cal 6s. — 100 Suns T*T6s 100 —
Oak Gas ss. .100 - 104V x su.ier-stßss. 10 7 —
1 o2d is 55.. 1043/4 106 V* VUaliaWCßs — 94
Omnibus 08.118V4 — i
' . " water stocks.
Contra Costa 38 — |San Jose.v... — —
Marin C 0.... 60 — . |S rng Valley 98Vi BBVa
GAS STOCKS.
Capital 20 30 Pacific Licht 4"V 3 -
Central 95 — San Francsco »-tyi B**i
Oak til.. tu si — Stockton..... — 21Vi
PacGaslmp. 8614 86 |
INSURANCE STOCK"!.
Fireman's 171 — |S«n... 25 50
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS. ■
Amerß&TC. - — |LondonP4A.l2By a l3o
Anglo-Cal — 613,4 — London ASF; — -7Vi
Bank of .239- 242V 2 !Merch Ex... 12 —
( al S D&TCo 5414 (Nevada. — —
First tool. — 187%|Sather B Co. — —
Grangers.... — — j
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS. .
fJerS*LCo.l4oo — Sav&Loan.. — 100
HumbS*L.lloo 1450 Ispcurlly..' 250 280
Mutual ,—, — 40 fUuiou trust. 750 —
BFSavUnion — 490 [.
BTRKFT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 108 110 OakSL&Hay — 100
Geary-st. — 65 jPresidio 7 —
Market-5t.... 443 7 4 45% Sutter-sl — . —
I'OWDKK STOCKS. . '" I
Atlantic D... 15 — Giant con. 24^4 24%
Eastern D... — 82 jjudson i}.... — -
California.... 81 95 - 'Vlgorit. .'.... — 85c
MIBCKLUANKOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 92 95y 2 Nat Vln Co.. 75 85
BlkDCoaCo. — 10- Oceanic 20 241*
Cal Cot Mills — - Pac Aux FA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacfcoraxCo. 98 100
Edison Llghtl2o 121 Pac Roll Mill - -
Gascon Assn. — — Part PainlCo 6"/ a 7y 2
Ger Lead Co. 85 - Pac I r nsCo. — 24
HawC&SCo.. 19V a 20 T*T Co. 55 70
HuiChSl'Co 235 /8 233^ Sunset T&T. 41 —
MerExAssn 100 110 lUulted C Co. — 25
SI Elec Light 3% 6 I
BALKS— ili.i.M.V » BJCasIOX. j
Board—
150 Giant Powder Con 24 25
100 do do 24 at)
lUO do do , 24 75
120 Hutchinsons P Co 23 62^
S reel —
70 Fdlson Light & Power Co > 120 00
$10,000 Northern R'y of Cal 6% Bonds.. 105 00
100 Pacific Gas Imp 85 50
»3POO F& \ P hallway Bonds 10100
THE CALL CALENDAR.
OCEAN STEAMERS
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
r. P. Coast and Geodetic StTRVKT TIDsV
Bullktis Published by Official >
Authority or the Superintendent. )
notk— ln the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. • The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column Rives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
heigh:, and then the number given is subtractive
from 'hp d<»nth <* : vi>n hv h»» rhi'r'n
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch HTDBoeBArHic Offtcb, U. S. N., ")
Mkbchants' K3CCHANBK. " V
San Francisco. June 20. 1896. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dronped
exactly at noon to-day— l. <•., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 c. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtkler,.
Llpufpnnnt U. S. N. in chi-rire.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
SATURDAY. June 20.
Rtmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 6t hours from San
Diego, etc: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins *
Co.
Stmr National City, Andresen, 72 hours from
Sum Diego viaCayucos 23 hours; ballast, to C A
Hooper & Co.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett, 43 hours from Ven
tura: 6262 bbls oil, to San Francisco Gaslight Co.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Ward, 30
days 17 hours and 59 nvn from liongKon?, via
Yokohama 21 days, via Honolulu 8 days and 26
mm; pass and mdse, to Pacinc Mail Steamship
Co.
Schr Mary Etta. Wetzel. 1" hours from Collins
Landing; 70 eds wood, to Bender Bros.
Bchr Bobolink, Nelson, 20 hours from Mendo
cino; 190 Jl ft lumber, to Mendociuo Lumber Co.
Clearer!
SATURDAY. June 20.
Stmr Portlnnd, Kidst n Nanalmo and Seattle:
North American Trading Co.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham. Portland ; NP S
8 Co.
9tmr State of Califorula,Ackley, Astoria; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all. Perkins * Co.
Br stmr Coptic, S^alhy, Hongkong and Yoko
lminii. via Hono ulu ; O * O S S Co.
stmr City of Everett, Buckman, Nanaimo, R
Dunsmulr * Sons.
Haw bark SanUago, Johnsen, Hilo; j D Spreck
ols * Bro-i Co.
Bark (Jen Fairchild, Brannan, Nanalmo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Saile'l.
SATURDAY. Jud« 20.
H B M stmr Comus. Dyice, Esquimau.
stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield. Tacoma.
Stmr Eureka, .lepson. San Pedro.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen. Kureka.
Stmr Portland, Kids on, ca t tle and Nanalmo.
Hr stmr Coptic. Sealby, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Hnnoluiu.
stmr Alb on. Lunaqulst. Devilbllss Landing.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicholson.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson.
Schr Lily, Bottger. Umpqua.
Bchr Joseph and Henry, Christiansen, Coqullle
River.
Tel»|rranh!c.
POINT I.OBOS. June 20—10 r. »t-Weather
hazy wind NW; velocity. 20 miles.
Clmrtert.
The bark Forest Qeeen loads lumber at Tacoma
for Honolulu.
The Br ship Sprlngburn was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe, 26s 9d— Is JW less
direct.
Miscellaneous.
LONDON. June 19-The Dutch ship Nederlanrt
from Girgentl for Sau i miifiseu put into Biauley,
/ NEW TO-DAT. . , _,-_ w ,_-,_;_-_-^
EXCURSION AND ACTION SALE!
f3k m. ■ ¥ W W w I ■ 1 n
'si&T ?*• ' i ' 3^psE? Rs !?s Sßfct&l!^^7 Saturday June '^7, 189R
lIat^^nMORPHY STATION
ii at auction MURPHY STATION
-»--rk AfDPC of the Choicest Land in the
,5511 /Wl^Crp State of California.
Q A AfDCCin 1 and 2 year old PRUNE,
OU /\tl\n4? APRICOT and CHERRY TREES
In io= ACRE upward TRACTS
Being a Portion of the Renowned
MART MURPHY HOMESTEAD TRACT
THfc JAMES T. MURPHY SUBDIVISION.
.'".,-.'\ : \ s ". .* ?Sitf!ilMHBSS*^ '". ''■ "' '. : ''-''-l
The property stands without a peer for richness and depth of soil. Its prolific resources stand at
the licad 01 any district in His state.
Seldom in a lifetime does such an opportunity present itself to the horn "-seeder, the fruiterer or
the- person looking for a fami resort wner- liea t.i co:nb!.ied with profit 13 at his command.
There are 10 res now lasted in Strong and thrifty one and two year old Apricots, Prunes,
Cherries and Peaches. 1 tie balance of the ianJ is famous for its luxurious arowth of oak trees. !
- WHEKE IT la and WHAT IT l!>— Aiiout midway between sari Jose and suinfori University.
fronting ili>' *. P. K. R. ; 8 miles from >&n Jose, 7 miles trom Pulo Alto. 4 miles from -Mountain View,
an .at the Murphy s:a.io 1. The soil is 40 leet de p. is alluvial eedlmeni and the v ry cream of this
rich valley, . his tract froirs on the m .11 -an I minis <> ai,d -an Jose boulevard, and is or>;.osUe
magnincent Drune orchard Of U. M. 1)»-|iiihs valued at $1 OJ per acre. :
To any and all person* winning the best, richest and moit productive land in this State this offering
certainly presents that golden opportunity.
■/s«t.,.- >... ,^': ; .-.«i r,-^ .... , . -/ WE WILL RUN
/ ' , - , VV I— VV ILL. n\J I N
A SFECI AL FIRS i -CLASS
EXCURSION TRAIN
ToMurpliy Station, near Mountain View,
fSp^^^MSr : iMPORTfiNT AUCTION SALE
Which will leave the Third and Townsend Street Depot, San Francisco, at 10 o'clock A. M. SATUR-
DAY; June 27, 1896, stopping at Valencia-street Station, San Mateo, Redwood and Menlo Park,
returning leave Murphy station at 3:30 o'clock P. M. same day. - ' l!; . ■ '
. 9i. i)O KOUMi-Tltll' TIOKKTS 1.00. Tickets obtainable at our office on Friday,
June 2«, 189 ft all day. and 00 Saturday, June 27, day of the excursion, up to 9: ; W oco k A. M., and
at the depot. Third and Townsend streets, and Valencia street, up to hour or leaving, 10 0 clock A. M.,
from our representative. From othor stations on the train, from sail Mateo, Redwood and Memo
Park, round trip 50 cents, tree Collation on the Grounds.
TERMS-One-Fourth Cash, balance iv 1, 2 and 3 years, interest $% per annum.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO., Auctioneers, OBS Market St.,
Or WOOSTER & WHITTON, Real Estate Agents,
7. West Santa Clara Street, San Jose.
F I. with cargo shin© I and rigging damaged, loss I
of sails and portion of cargo jettisoned.
Domestic I'ort*.
COOS BAY— Arrived June iy-Btmr Araso, hnc '
June 17.
GUKENWOOD— SaiIed June 20— Stmr Alcazar,
for san Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed June 20— Bktn Amelia, for
Honolulu.
MKNDOCINO— Arrived June- 20— Stmr Point i
Arena, hence Jane 18.
ASTORIA— Sh led June 20— Bark Bis Bonanza, !
for Shanghai: stmr Signal, from Puget Sound.:- .
KEDONUO— SaiIed June 'M— .Stmr Caspar.
WE.-TPORT— Arrived June 20— .Stmr i.aguna, (
hence June 17. • i
POUT GAMBLE— Sailed June 20-Kllkitat, for ;
' Honolulu.
TATOOSH— Passed June 20— Strar Wlllamettee, |
from Departure Bay, for San Francisco; Br ship I
Celtic Race, from Tacoma, for Sydney; strar City |
ofPuebla. hence June 18, for Victoria and Port I
Townsend.
' SOUTH BEND— Arrived June 20— Schr James
1 A Garfleld. hpnce June t>.
! FISKS MlLL— Sailed June 20-'sctar Archie and
i Fontie. for San Frauclsco.
POINT ARENA— Arrived June 20 — Stmr :
i Wbltesboro, hence Jane 19.
EUREKA— SaiIed June 20— Stmr Pomona, for
j San Francisco. " '
| GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 19-Sehr Orient |
I for San Francisco; schr San Buenaventura, for ,
, Red on do.
I COOS BAY— Arrived June 20-Stmr Del Norte,
i hence June J7, and sailed for Grays Harbor.
VENTURA— A rrivea June 20— Schr Monterey, |
| from Bowens Landing.
Kastern Ports,
NEW YORK— Arrived June 19— Ship W V Bab
cock, from Honolulu.
Fornlcn Port*.
NICOLA EFSKl— Arrived Juno 16— Bktn Arago I
hence. April 14, via Vladivostok.
! COLON— Arrived June ) 8- Stmr Finance, from '
I New York.
FALMOUTH— Arrived June 19— Ger ship CH j
Wa Jen. hence Feb 20.
QUEENSTOWN— saiIed June 18— Ital bark
Giuseppe, for Manchester,
ILLY— Passed June 19— Br ship Glenburn.fm >
Tacoma, for Faimouth. and not as previously re- !
port ea.
STANLEY. F I— Sailed prior to June 19— Br
ship Pass of Balmaha, for Queenetown.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 19— stmr Vic
toria, from Taeoma.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 10— Jap stmr Toyo '
Maru, from Yokohama. June 11— Bktn 8 X
Castle, hence May Soj bark H C Allen, hence May
I 28. June IB— Stmrclty of Rio d- Janeiro, from |
| Yokohama: Haw baak Mauna Ala, from New
j castle, NSW; IT s stmr Adams off port.
Sailed June 9— Br stmr Coptic, for San Fran- j
j cisco: Br ship Corolla, for Port Townsend. June j
10— Bark Sonoma, tor San Francisco.
I m port lit i 4.
SAN DIEGO— Per Santa Kosa— 4l3 picas mdse, j
1 cs olive oil, 1 sk beeswax. 3.S bxs oranges. 1 sk
wax, 1 cs dry (roods, 25 bales dried fish, 41 ■> cs !
I curbing. 1 keg olives. 1 bx wine. 3 bales twine, 1 |
| cs stationery, 649 bxs lemons. 1 bx groceries, %\
[ bales bags, *> rolls paper, 1 cs cigars, 4 pkgs to- |
j bacco. . ?*;"-* ;
Nipoma— 223 sks beans.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— pkgs mdse, i
1 ci ci -are, 1 bbl wine-
Port Los Angeles— 2 bxs oran?es.l2sbxs lemons, '•
19 bxs tomatoes, 2 bxs squash, 3 bxs egg plan:, 5 i
pKtrs mdse.
Redondo— ll pkjrs mdse, 1 pkg hardware, 51
I bxs lemons, 101 hxs oranges.
. Los Angeles via Redondo— l6 pk;s mdse. 100 cs [
rolled oats, 13 cs boxes, 5 cs lard, 119 bdls calf- j
skins.
Santa Barbara— 97 pkgs mdse, 9cs seed, 251 j
bxs lemons, 25 bza oranges.
Sun Luis ObUpo— fl'2 sks beans.
Port Harford— BO pkgs furniture, 8 bxs freezers, !
4 dressed calves, 47 CB»R«s, 1 keg 17 hxs butter,
5 nkgs mdsp. 31 bdls green hides. 2 hf-bbls tallow, '
I 6 bdls dry hides. 1 Ca cheese. 1 coop poultry. 1 bx
8 coops chickens, 23 bxs fish, 5 pkjrs mds<».
CHINA AND JAPAN — Per City of Rio de
Janeiro— 333B pkgs mdse, 6776 bags rice, 899 pa •
tea, 550 cs oil. 169 cs ourioa, 227 pa spice, 43H0 I
bags sugar. 18 parcels 21 Dkgs ilk goods, 3170 |
rolls mailing. • • • -
For overland— 23B pkes mdie, 90 bajji rice, 802 i
pkgs tea, 41 pa raw silk, 15 parcel* 25 pa silk
! goods.
I For Central and South America— 23l pkgi i
I mdse. 100 bags rice, 19 cs curios, 30 pa tin, 71 pa I
silk goods.
:' Cnimitrneqv.
Per Santa Rosa— Enterprise Brewery: Milwaukee |
Brewery; Dairymen's Union: Pacific Coast Syrup
Co; Cunningham, Curtiss Welch; DI) tephens;
5 Jacob*--: J i<api>: Wh'ttland Produce Co; Oold
| stein & Cohen: Kveleth* Nash; Wet more Bros;
. Hills Bros; L«vl Spieeel & Co; I. Scatena A Co: F
■Cavagnaro: Campodonico * Malcolm: Wolf & Son; i
Geo *tarr & Co; -an Francisco Mrewlng Co: Labor I
Exchange: A * T Well Co; M T Freitas & Co: 1 he '
Cudahy Packing Co: Gray «ft Barblen : HarneyA '
Clute; Cox Seed and Plant Co; Wood. Curtis & Co;
Dalton Bros: A Levy * Co; D\V Allison; South
ern California Fruit Exchange: H <) Ureenhood :
' Gulden City Chemical Works: LI) Stone Co: R
Molts: Fred Thomas: Norton Tanning Co: Globe
Portrait Co: Price Bakinsr Pow ler Co: ADramson
6 Co; W F Mitchell; I'nciflc Postal Telegraph Co:
W X Peites: C T Peckhamt C Carpy * Co; Crown :
Distillery Go: O H T.iy & Go: Wm Isadora Karara- |
ncr; The Wertheimer Co: Wm Cline; United |
' Sia ps Brewery. J Ivancovlch <t co: W Loewe * |
! co: Garcia & Macginl: J M Hixon & Co; I) Hecht;
Brigham. HoppeitCo: it Baker: llDiitarl:
Louis Taus-iiR: Kowalsky * Co: B< • Until A Co: J |
E O'Neil: Russ, Sanders & Co; Smith's Cash Store: f
G Camlllonl JkC't, C E Whitney * Co: Reiily. j
Wai on A Co: Milan! & Co; American Union Fish :
Co: Hllmer. Bredhoff ASchn!«; H il-ckman A Co: i
Pacific ' oast Fish Co; J Hoffman; J J Duffy & Co; :
Dodge, Sweeney it Co; ■ Norton, Teller A > o: (.'has
JucotHon & to: Felling, Cressy A Co: Jacob TJnna; |
SSriu<s; BiHSinvter.M Co; Wheaton, Breon A Co:
HGTay A Co:
Per City of Rio de Janeiro— Fuji Co: The ;
, London, Paris and American I ank: Winter A |
Smil ie; order; M J Hrandens'eln; Parrot A Co; '
Lindsay A Van Keuisilar; M shibata; 1' llui:il- i
zunne; The Molscns Bank.;
For Lnr* Shirmtno Tnt*Ulo*nr* "?*•* Fourteenth Pane, .[
OCEAT STEAMSHIPS:
OCEANIC S.S. CO. g% ° A £?, T , C .,
HAWAII, SAMOA, Lm. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, 'fl B¥
AUSTRALIA. V$S. AUSTRALIA.
i R ALAMKDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
at 2 p. m
Line ,0 COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
s. 8. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur-
day Jul- 1 1, at 10 a. m. Snedal party ra.es.
J. D. SPKECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts. "
;. :■ • ' •. 1 •■ . 114 Montgomery si
Freight Office, 327 Market st., ban Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
o. :f*.. eft? im.
ASTORIA ANDIORTLANa
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
j MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
fciate of California sails. June 2, 12 and 2'i
; Columbia sails June 7, 17 and 27
! From Spear-st. Wharf (IMer 24) at 10 a. *.
fHHiU/kX^, PERKINaTit CO. Cent. Snptv
t\ *•. CON > OK. General Agent,
I 630 Market street.
PACIFIC coast STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
I TO
VICTORIA, B. C; f and
PUGET SOUND.
3~lx >st Class &0.00
Second Class .^ (BOO
Meals and berth Included.
1 Ticket Office— 4 Sew fflontgomery Street.
; GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
- General A cents.
_
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COBP.WY
STEAMERS WILL SAIf, FROM JfrjH-
_ Broadway wharf, ban KrancUco, us ■ fis f*it^
I lollovri:
For Mary Island. Ixirins. Wran^eU Juneau. Kll-
llenoo ana Uitka (Alaska), a: U a. m., June 3,
18. ;K.-a!i .In .• X, IS. i i. itt.
For Victoria and Vanconv** (". CI. Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Kverett, Anacortw nudNa*
i \\ :iatcom (iiellincham Buy, Wash. i. 9 a. m.
! inn 3. . la. i.-v. 23. a* and every fifth
I day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wlta
the C. r. a. 11.. at Tacoma with N. P. R. X,
at Seattle with U. N. Ky.. a: Port Townaend wlia
i Alaska steamer*
For Kureka. A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
! boldt Bay) sir. I'omona. 2 p. a., .meif -'. b. 10.
: 14 1-. •£!. ii" A » find every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Ci-ur., Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucov
j Port Harford (San Lais OU«pO), Oavio'.a, Sanv*
Barbara. Ventura. Huenenic. San Pedro. Baat.San
i Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport., at 9 a. m., June
4. 8. la, id, '^o, 'i.±. -(? tiuJ *Very Kraftß day lber»
after
! For San Dle^o. stopping only at Po.-t Ilarforl
! (Ban Luis Oblspo}, Santa Barbara, Port l.o*
' Aneeles Kedoncfo (Los Auzeles) an.i >e»po»* I II
! a. X.. Jo - '<-' " >"• i*: -«, jj. -<>. ,-yaai ever/
i tonrtb day thereafter. .
For tnseundn, SaD Jos« del Cabo, M.tz.Vlan. U%
Tar.. A 1 tat » an. l Uuaymas (Mexico). tit. Orlz>b.».
\ 10 a. if., Juno -. -7, ai.a _'siu>>: c.L-.i uio;illi t:i-jre-
" TicKet office, Palace Hotel. 4 New >lon;?o:nsf»
itrte uOODALL, PEKKINB & CO.. «frfll AifPnJ*.
- 10 M*rK<u t*an Krancl.-wn.
COfIPAGSIEGESERAL TRA\SATLI.\TiprJ
French Lin«» to Havr«.
COMPANY'S I'IER (XK\V).42 NORTH >{MR
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers b? ■fiF^SS!
this line avoid both -ransit oy Kngllsh railway a.i 1
the discomfort of crossing the chnnnel in it small
boat. New Yorit to Alexandria. Egypt, via Part*
. nrst-ciass : Hi: second-clHu, tIU
' ! A TOO RA I K. Caj)U Santelll May '2\ BA. M.
i LA NOBMANDIE. ..May.'S, 8 a, si. ,
LA GASCOUNE Iv c 'JO, 7 A- M.
i La M)Hi.iNJilt.....» July 4, 6a. X.
: LA GA>COONR. July 25. 11 a. M.
i LA NOR >l A VPIK .... August 1, 5 A, _
j LA BOITHnoONK. Capt. Leb'euf. .June 8, 7 a. 31.
*ar For further particulars apply to
A. FOROEr, Agent.
No. 380 v j nit (ire,..,, New York.
j. P. fugazi & CO., Acenta. & Montgomarr
J %venue. San fraud - '- -
WfliTE STAR IM.
United States and Royal Mall Steamen
BETWKKJf
New York, Queen & Liverpool,
SAILINU IS VKIt If MJSiSK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jghrgL.
lnir to steamer and accommodations Wm9l
■elected; second cabin. 9SB and *40: MaJ<"» c itud
Teutonic. Steerage. Tickets from England, . Ire-
land, .Scotland. Sweden, Norway and 1 Kumar*
through to .San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
■ailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
: (ram W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at tha
, General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
■jQOar Umnd Hotel. v. W. FLKTCHER, .
I General A gent lor Paciflo Coast.
I ROYAL MAIL STEAfi_PACKET COHPAHY.
1 S TEAMKRS LEAVE ABPINWALL -r?*U
r* fortnightly for the West Indies and •.!*«■
' Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh.
I France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Throneh bills of lading, in -connection with the
■ Pacinc Mail S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
class, «97 50. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT' & CO., Agents,
306 California SU
STOCK STEAMERS
Leave Pier . No. 3, Washington St,
At > i. to, Daily. .
Sunday at ' »'. M.
tfW Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Uarrait, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. and Impt. Oo
TALLEJI), MIRK ISL M *«ETICIA, POET
COSTA m CROCKETT.'-'
* STB. MONTICEIitO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o *• »
•Ad * P. — : Saturday, 10:SU a. m., 3:30 r. Mi
buuday— c. _
AH* only. ,
1 Lautluig, aUasioa 1. Pi«r a>
3132
CORRAL HOLLOW
LINE IS OPENED
First Train Went Over the
New Railway Thurs- •
day.
FINISHED TO THE MINES
Thousands of Tons of Machinery
and Building Material
in Transit.
EMPLOYMENT FOR 2000 MEN.
When the Coal Mine Opans in August
It Will Be a Leading In
dustry.
The Corral Hollow Railway has been in
operation since Thursday morning and its
yards at Stockton have taken on a busy
appearance. Trains have come and pone
over the new line since the opening day,
so the road has taken on the character of
a railway in full running order. And now
>rma has still another railroad added
to it* system of internal transportation.
:ar peneral freight has not been taken
on the new line, nor has it begun to carry
passengers. The trains that pass between
Stockton and the Corral Hollow mines in
Alameda County have all they can do to
transport heavy machinery for the mines,
and consequently the cars are loaded with
boilers, pumps, parts of engines, lumber
and ali the other supplies for an extensive
coal mine.
The lirst trainload of machinery was
hauled from Stockton Thursday morning,
as the line was completed the day before.
James Tre.t iwell, one of the owners of the
mine and railway, stated yesterday that
the ceremony of driving the gold spike
bad been postponed for a few weeks when
new rollint: stock will be on the road and
most of :h S machinery uut of the way.
"Will your company continue building
the railway past the mine toward Oak
-ked.
We will eventually extend the road
to the b;iy of San Francisco," was
the re: :y. "For the present, however, we
shall run to the mines only. The new
iv is thirty-six miles long, of stand
wit h, ani is now finished all the way
into Stockton."
He stated, further, that two new loco
motives were expected at Stockton almost
daily now from Richmond, Va. I'assen^er
and* freight cars were to follow. The
inery being conveyed over the rail
way included seven boilers, three engines
lepoweroi 1000. Besides these
was the massive lumber for coal bunkers,
tons. These bunkers
were to divide the coal by screening into
differed varieties for the market.
"We expect to be able to begin work in
the mines between August 1 and 15,"
added Mr. Treadwell. •'Then our inten
tion is to giva employment to 2000 men
continually."
•Will the Corral Hollow coal be sold
below the present market rates?"
The reply was conservative.
"You see," he said, "this is a business
enterprise. We must estimate carefully
the cost of getting out the coal and see
where we*t;»!iu. And then, of coarse, the
question will be, How much will people
pay for it?"
The belief prevails already, however,
that the Corral Hollow coal "can be laid
down in Han Francisco at a cost to the
producers which will enable them to
materially reduce the present market
price. Should the enterprise prove suc
cessful it is said that it will !)•? one of- the
most important industries in the State.
ENGAGEMENTS
Elaborate Preparations for j |
Fashionable Summer
Ceremonies.
The engagement is announced of Miss E.
Henrietta l>urner to Captain S. B. Randall.
The bride fllect is one of Benicia's popular
young ladies. The groom is well known in j
San Francisco, and is captain of the steamer l
Monticello, plying between Benicia, Vallejo j
- n Francisco. The wedding will take
place the latter part of this month.
The engagement is announced of Miss Julia j
Mcv, r. daughter of G. Meyer, and Charles i
Mueller, secretary of the San Fraucisco Turn j
Verein.
Announcement is made of the engagement of
Miw Vetta Opoen helm and Jake Davis. They
will be at home, 427 Fell Etreet, to receive their \
friends and relatives this Sunday. June 21.
Invitations have been issued for the wedding
of Mis- Tessle Dwyerand James ConneU, which
will be celebrated Monday, Juti'- 'JJ.
The engagement of Miss Ron. daughter of I
Dr. Charles Blach of this City, to Colman Blach
iiik'liam, Ala., is announced.
The engagement is announced of Miss Lena
Bibo of New Mexico to <;u.stave Weiss of Mar
tinez. At home this Sunday afternoon, June
21, at 1612 O'Farrell street.
IN THE FUTURE
A Number of Interesting Social
Gatherings Announced for
the Coming Week.
The pupils of Puckett's Academy will give a
novelty party (a real country dance) on Friday
evening, June "J(>, at Mis.- ion Opera Hall.
The ladies will nil wear calico, cheese-cloth
summer dresses, etc., and the gentlemen will
wear overalls, gum boots, dunters, straw hats,
etc., to give it ali the appearance of a country
dance. Prizes will be awarded to the best
characters.
Jacob M., son of Mr. and Mrs. Morris Levy,
will be barmitzvah at the Geary-street Temple
on Saturday, the 27th inst. .Mr. and Mrs. Levy
will be pleased to receive their friends Satur
day afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock at their resi
dence, 1230 Post street.
Britannia Lodge No. 7, Daughters of St.
George, will celebrate their seventh anniver
sary by a musical and literary entertainment
followed by a grand ball on Thursday evening,
June 23, at their lodgerooms, 317 Mason street.
A grand annual Swedish national day cele
bration will be given under the auspices of the
Swedish-American Patriotic League of Califor
nia at Shell Mound Turk, Berkeley, Midsum
mer day, June 2-1, 18!Xi. An excellent musical
and literary programme .will be rendered. A
Maypole will be" raised, ana there will be many
other amusements.
The Inter Hos Club will hold its annual
picnic at San Kafael Park, .San Rafael, this
Sunday, June 21.
The committee of arrangements for the can
ners' outing, to be held this Sunday, June 21 ,
appointed the following sub-committees:
floor— Harry Healy, manager, representing
Pacific Home Supply Company; L. Knowlei-,
representing Ensign Cycling Club; Charles
Sullivan, representing Pacific Home Supply
Company; J. Coughlan. representing Ensign
Cycling Club; .1. Sands, representing McNab &
Smith; F. Gallagher, representing Southern
Pacific Company; J. Butler.representingMcXab
& Smith; W. Adams, representing J.nsign
Home Supply Company; Alic Nolan, represent
ing Cutting Fruit Packing Company; Ed Earle,
representing California Canneries Company.
Reception— John Gay, representing California
Canneries Company; Jack Lyonn, representing
Southern Pacific Company; D. Boose, repre
senting Cutting Fruit Packing Company;
James Bulger, representing Cutting Fruit
Packing Company; W. Ayres, representing
Bryant Social Club; H. Stiers, representing
McXab & Smith; Frank Houston, represent
ing Stewart & Co.; G. O'Brien, representing
King-Morse Canning Company; W. Ritchie,
representing Overland Packing: Company; G.
Lynch, representing King- Morse Canning Com
pany; Michael Cunningham, representing
Gould A- Jandin; G. Moloche, representing Cal
ifornia Canneries Company.
The Golden 'iates Dancing Club reorganlied
last Monday evening •with the following mem
bers: John" P. Mclsauc, Julius Biebesheimer,
John Wilkins, Fred Todt, George Hinde, Louis
Smith, Jack Lewis and George Lewis. Their
next party will be held at California Hall on
Thursday evening, June 25.
The annual picnic of the Lincoln, formerly
the Morrow Club, will be held nt California
Schuetzen Park, San Rafael, on Sunday next,
Juue 28. The club hns neglected no detail
that may make the affnir a grand success.
Valuable gate-prizes will be offered, and in ad
dition, a prize of $ 100 to the lady who will
guess whose portrait adorns the very startling
and clever posters which announce the club's
picnic.
Lns Lomas Parlor, N. D. G. W., have issued
invitations for an entertainment, hop and flag
presentation at Mission Parlor Hall, Wednes
day evening, June -4.
PERSONALS
Mrs. John B. Norris (nee Helene Jenning) of
New York is visiting her mother at 1818 Green
street.
Dr. Tillie Dittenhoefer of Portland, Or., has
decided to reside here permanently, and is
located at 1137 Geary street.
Mrs. \V. Klinger of 2111 Geary street has dis
continued her at-home day for the summer.
Mrs. 8. A. Kavidson and Mrs. I. Barnett will
discontinue their day home during the sum
mer months.
Mr. ami Mrs. Ixiuis Harris (nee Elias) will be
at home at 2118U Bush street, this (Sunday;
afternoon, June al.
The engagement is announced of Mies Lena
BcheU and Wilson Underhill of Fresno. Miss
Bchell is the daughter oi Fudge G. W. Schell of
this City, and Mr. Underhill is the son of W. W.
I QderhlU of New York City. The wedding
will take place at the nome of the bride's
parents, on Wednesday afternoon, July 1.
AN OFFICER HONORED.
Captain Ulio of the Regular Army on
His Retirement Receives a Flat
tering Testimonial.
Captain Ulio, an officer well known
throughout the Pacific Coast and a life
long friend of Police Captain Bpillane, on
his retirement from the army last month
was the recipient of a testimonial from his
superior officer that is most flattering in
its language and rather unusual iii mili
tary annals.
It is in the shape of a general order from
i Colonel Bates of the Second Infantry,
stationed at Fort Omaha, Nebr., ana reads
as follows:
The colonel of the regiment announces the
retirement this day by operation oi law of
Captain James Ulio, Second Infantry.
It is with pride the colonel points to the
career oi this oilicer as one worthy the adinira
i tion and emulation of all, officers and men.
; Captain Ulio has served in the armies of the
UniteJ States as enlisted man and commis
! officer nearly forty-one years, the
neater part of the time in the regular army.
1 mring the Rebellion he served as a commis
sioned officer of volunteers, rising from tne
grade of second lieutenant to that of captain
j and receiving the brevet of major. For the
1 past twenty-seven years he has served in this
' regiment.
By devotion to duty and faithful perform
! ance of the same Captain t'lio has won the re
gpect and confidence of officers and men. His
; genial disposition and careiul attention to the
\ wan is of those under his command have
'gained for him the affection of all, and his
.services entitle him to the approval of his
fellow-countrymen.
Captain Ulio was born in Ireland, but
came to the L'nited States when a boy.
He has served under Generals Grant, Scho
tield, Wright and others. Captain Bpil
lane served with him nearly forty years
ago in the Third Artillery and Ninth In
fantry, and since then they have been in
constant communication with each other.
PROTEST AGAINST DELAY
Merchants Would Have the New
Municipal Building
Erected.
Desire Also a Hearing Before Action
Is Taken Regarding the Two
City Boulevards.
The Merchants' Association has adopted
resolutions and forwarded them to the
Board of Supervisors— one regarding the
protests from teamsters and draymen
against tue continuance as boulevards of
Golden Gate and Van Ness avenues, and
another a petition to the board to hasten
the construction of the municipal building
■ at the corner of Washington and Kearny
streets. The communications read as fol
lows:
Pax Fhancisco, June 20, 1806.
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors of the
City and County of San Francisco— Gentlemen:
The lollowiug resolutions were unanimously
I adopted at the regular meeting of the board of
| directors of the Merchants' Association, held
| on the 18th inst. :
Wiieeeas, Reports have been made of certain
| protests on the part of draymen and teamsters
I of this City against the continuance of boule-
I yards on Golden Gale arid Van Ness avenues;
. therefore, be it
Resolved. That the board of directors of the
Merchants' Association hereby respectfully
j petitions your honorable board to accord a
I hearing to the representatives of this associa
| tiou before granting any reconsideration of
the present ordinances declaring the said
avenues boulevards of this City. Very respect- :
fully yours, MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
F. W. Dohrmakx, President,
I J. RICHARD FREUD, Secretary.
San Francisco, July 20, 1896.
To the Honorable Hoard of Supervisors of the '
City and County of San Francisco— Gentlemen:
The following resolutions were unanimously
adopted at the regular meeting of the board of
directors of the Merchants' Association, held
on the 18th inst. :
Wheeeas, The sum of $300,000 has been
duly appropriated and set aside from the gen
eral funds of the City for the construction of a
new municipal building at the corner of
Kearny and Washington streets, and whereas,
the delay In the construction of said building
not only withholds this work from the ordi
nary channels of labor and industry of the
City without any apparent beneficial results,
but also injures the citizens and taxpayers of
the northern district of the City; therefore,
be it
Resolved, That the board of directors of the
Merchants' Association hereby respectfully
petitions your honorable board to adopt such
active measures us will lead to the immediate
construction of the said municipal building.
Very respectfully yours,
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
F. W. DOBXIULBir, President.
J. Richard Freud, Seer etury.
THAT BOUGH DIAMOND.
Preliminary Examination of A. Green,
Jeweler, Commenced.
The preliminary examination of Abra
ham Green of the jewelry h'rm of Carrau A
Green, 220 Kutter street, charged with
felony embezzlement, was commenced be
fore Judge Conlan yesterday morning.
J. EL Berry, the complaining witness,
testified that he gave the defendant a
rough diamond valued at $5000 to be cut
by a lapidary, but the defendant had
failed to return it saying it had been lost.
In cross-examination he declined to say
where he found the rough diamond and
alto declined to produce other rough dia
monds which had been found at the same
mine.
The Judge ordered Berry to produce the
other stones in court and continued the
case till to-morrow.
The defendant alleges that the stone was
nothing but a crystal and was valueless.
Mining Stock Case.
C.P.Harris, the insolvent stockbroker, ap
peared before Judge Low yesterday to an
swer a charge of felony embezzlement. The
complaining witness was Jake Raver, who
charged Harris with embezzling certain min
ing stocks. The defendant stated that he had
offered Raver whatever dividend-; wooM be
payable out of his estate and he could do no
more. The Judge dismissed the case.
•— ♦ — •
Prejudices are often simply opinions
which have been tested.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1896.
lll^l^^p; A^^BSliii^i^ tubs- swl
I! SPECIAL. SPECIAL. SPECIAL PRICED !i^ great remnant sale SPECIAL 3
n nniWCCTirc IN ALL DEPARTMENTS Embroidery Sale, Etc. _5
£ rT,crr^^,,,,^ nni , FRENCH and GERMAN NOVELTY LHJiYICO I IUo. THURSDAY NEXT. BWIM AND 5155 5 5<3 EM . =^
Zl LADIES' MUSLIN OOWNb. good SUITINGS In Persian effects, fancy. . , *. w ,^-'» 1 nUKoLIAY INtAI. rvviss AND . HAMBURO EM- ■—•
heavy, quality. Princess shape. stripe Cheviots, fancy Vlgouraux, ■ ______ ±SROIDEI'Y EDGE new and
ZZ open embroidery, trimmed col- KM splendid for bicycle costumes. The -•>.-■ • . — ' - nr^ttv desi-ns the iatlst arri- l-IG
| SB3SS|-= _. gl^^^p .".Iff "H^g^S 15" LADIES' CAPES. j&^P^ & 1
E' LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS extra Regular value 75c to 90c. quality. 5pecia1......:...;..:. .....Each SW ISS AND HA^B^RG E.I- Z2,
XjA gli^mSn^large °«HorwUa?. ■ I — ' . .— • 2 7 LADIES' -ALL - WOOL CLOTH ? K P ID , KR J ? DGE i "^7^ 121° =3
ZZ embroidery and trimmed, cam- CQC FRENCH NOVELTY .SUITINGS from , _,_.,„.,,, .„„_.,. , .. CAI'EH, tan only, 5 rows stitching all desirable designs, 4to 7 In. *■%* __,
ST. brie ruffled edge on collar and 0y *1 '.'5 to *1 75 per yard, which in l rP Z H . l ? 1 ?I ? • I ? reest . Bl! 'f». „ „ around bottom and down front, 22 wide, value 20c, special "i ard _^
ZZ CUITs, 85c regular-special Each eludes several styles of fancy Mo- ^p yi v'ill vardl Sticikl ready for 5.S inches long, turndown collar. This© 1.95 __.__ T INFVS FMBROID- -3
S^ . hairs. Silk and Wool, fancy Bourettes, 01 • V, /4X ''» «?!*•, ''I' 6olBl uo capecannot bedupliraled forh-ss thanrJb J GRASS LINENS EMBROID- _^
«^~ :. fancy Granites, Persian effects, cc.- ■ 2^x2% yards, .fepecial CQC $37 Our price to close W Each ERED, full assortment of colors — •
£= LADIES' CAMBRIC GOWNS, fine good* are from 38 to 45 inches OQC ••• • - *Jp " ' various styles, |-' n i:l : pr:c ;: -
~~ quality. Princess shape, button wide. Every yard new. this season. OJ •. « Each was 50c, SOc yard; now 35c, 65c -— »
*^~ on side, open embroidery, All go on special sale at.. Yard yarJ. -^
•— trimmed front collar and curt's, HEC 35 LADIES' BLACK CLOTH DOUBLE I „,,.., ttvw TTMRimmifRFT) ""•
**Z larft*- full sleeves, our regular tO AL i, OOL FRKNTII SI- HUE in black BOKDERED GINOIIAMS, 36 inches £1C CAPES, braiding on collar and upper© Q. 50 FU *S h .in, L oulini costnmes
5= $1.00. good value-special Each AL^nyMvy sne only : 'l)0 v "r.Js of EAC wide, In blue and brown checks, regu- D cape, 20 inches long, a bargain at *5.^)0 — «Ih silk for outing costumes,
£Z this e&tsWnch goods goe^on apt 50° lar B%c quality. Special price.'..... . . Yard Our price to close Each K^eV.::/.:«7»i JWyart =5
SH LADIES' FINE MUSLIN GOWNS cial sale sale for Yard special price 75c, 95c yard ~
IE a > u"overembromery I \?"mm d ed % c FanC y printed ALL^OOL HENRI- Bq c CHENILLE TABLE COVERS, 6-4 size, Q= C LADIES' SUITS - SWISS ALL-OVER Embroidered 25= i
front, embroidery rofflod collar QOU "^rfA 4 inchts wide. In lUht and OQC extra heavy, regular *1 25. Special.. .UO LALMES SUI I b. t oun cl", new. |«eBi«ns. * Uln. 2o°^
SI and cuffs. largo Mil sleeves, reg- JO dark colored grounds, a? 1 50 stuff, OV Each wide, values 50c to ,5 , sale -^ —
•— ular $1.25, at special sale Each regular at special sale for Yard 40 LADIES' BLACK AND NAVY pnce -*•
_^~ BLUE SERGE SUITS, blazer style, nnmrtvn RWT aa WRVOID *~*
fc WHITE BLANKETS, 10-4 size, heavy, am .69 skirt 5i/ 2 yards wide, lined through- KHKn nlnlVai (lot with own- =^
_- LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, well-finished, regular $2 quality. Sp'e-3SI — I out with rustle percaline and bound wnrWeri <u-.l'i in dlVn « or, ~*
gooa heavy muslin. 4 tucks, OAC __ f fyr .. ,^^ T — ,— r\c» cial price p»i r with velvet bindmK, sizes 34 to 42, © 1 A.50 W |niT li^ht hhie 2 lnVenrinr red one
£: g^JßSkAtt 20^ . SILK WONDERS. ___ - r " good valus at fl3 50. Our price to&lU— gL%r &and^n"uwU^__ 20° _S
~Z special price rair . ciose suit dots, special at Yard _S
g— good heavy muslin. 3 tucks, with 2o l Frsnch makes, worth $1 2f> up to lor ; zr • lolr — ered lace edge all new goods. 25° — •
•T li^nch embroidery rutllwl _O $2 50 a yard in the lot. The styl. s ■; stvk'sfrom 4 tolO'n wide worth ZO __
bottom, the 35c quality— l*air are exclusive and the qualities the P.QC , !25 LADIES' BLACK SERGE SKIRTS, 35c to 50c stft-cial sale price Yard ~5
»— best. A rare opportunity for silk buy- OV BATES SPREADS, full size, damask fin- 7C4 C i 6y 2 yards wide, lined throuehout with ' -*•*' -^
•— TaHiks' -MHSLIX DRAWERS en - Special sale price Yard lib, hemmed, ready for use, regular -iO rustle percaiine and bound all around <£>- SCRIM, 18 In. fer fancy work, open lOC _5
S= LA U^;i< I naTiv^J I fl l ed . »1 25. Very special Each t\ b Q *£*$"& ™'™ __2 worked edge, fancy "designs, P en- 1/ =-
•_ muslin, 2cl user of tucks 3 FANCY STRIPED SILKS, a B ood line of ;__j , $7 50. bpeclaMalue tach tlrely new, special at. "i ard _•
S^ each 3-inch ruffled embroidery, 4QC $1 25 value, full 21 inches wide, fancy ~ nivnrppruipi.x r>u h- :^
«_- trimmed bottom, extra value 'iO stripes on plain ground, very heavy NOVELTY WASH GOODS, linen 7IC ill IT WAKT<; Xl,l h I ri, I™. lin rrS™ 1 f\C — «
«£; 50c-special Pair quality. Colors are navy, olive, mode, rQC grounds, colored stripes, dots and tig- it .SILK WAlbl_». s_ ltch» Mmbr, old ered in colors, IQC ;^
SI tan. myrtle, brown, etc. The special DO fires, regular 10c. Special 7. Yard :,< " - at rc'sn- 'h?» * i" h _S
5= LADIES' MUSLIN SKIRTS, good iCe "• ' Yard 35 LADIES' FANCY STRIPED SILK at 15C ' specal at^^. - Each --
fc: heavy muslin, 8 tucks, with 6- CAC WAISTS In assorted combination of : BELTS— Ladles' fancy metal bucklo -_
inch embroidery ruffled bottom, O\J 1600 yards BLACK SATIN DUCHBBB, PIQUE, fine cord, 31 inches wide, light IAC colors, shirt-waist sleeves with cuffs, ©9! belts, '2 In. wide, assorted tans FCC 1^
•_ were 75c— special Each full 24 inches wide, guaranteed all n,rrc ground, colored figures and stripes.... 1U lzes •?" .to 3S > regular value $4. tjpo and blacks, regular value 15c to O ~~mm
5^ pure silk, best dye and finish, regu- 00 Special price Each 25c, special price Each _^
S^ -LADIES' UMBRELLA SKIRTS, , lar $1 25. On special sale at Yard - _ TELESCOPE TIN I7rl7cil BUCK- _S
ZZ made of cood heavy muslin, one rQC I — — REMNANTS OF LINEN'S placed on We Sell tile genuine (jants de lite. ETS, with 3 compartments, "_■
»_- deep Bounce with tucked and OV j 1100 yards BLACK GROS-GRAIN SILK, (B»1 .OO sale this week a' greatly reiuced Jouvin Kid (iloves Wf» have for when empty can drop in your f)rC Z^S
«^~ rullled bottom, very special at Each j '.'-I Inches wide, best dye and finish, <J).l prices. Napkins, Toweling and Table I ««-»«•• o - »ji« /w• — w .i«tw *vi coat pocket; the workineruan's —*) -— •
Other styles at 89c and $1.25. price was $1 50. This week Yard Damask from iy 2 to 5 yard ends. years. Beware Of imitations. friend; 3 sizes; special price.... Each ~~^
SL . *-^ta>r i : I ;»tfs«^*- ; ■ ' , —^
|HALE BROS., Incorporated, 1
% 937 to 943 3\_~t_*l_o-t Street, San Francisco. %
THE PRETTY LITTLE CHURCH ERECTED IN BELVEDERE BY THE SEASIDE.
The building is unique in appearance. Its foundation and walls to a height of ten feet are con
structed of round blocks of Sonoma bowlders, set in concrete, leaving their forms perceptible to the
eye and giving the entire exterior a rustic appearance.
On this is a graceful wooden roof, running to a point twenty-seven feet from the floor. It is
constructed of redwood, with the ceiiing finished in the same material. The little church will cost
$3000, the greater portion of which has been furnished by the Belvedere people. The seating capacity
of the church is about 400. This is considered to be sufficient at present, as the entire population of
the island by the bay numbers only 300, so there will be plenty of room for all to attend divine
worship should they feel so inclined.
The lawn party advertised to be held at Belvedere Saturday evening is for the purpose of rais
ing funds to buy furniture and fittings for the church.
FAREWELL, THOMPSON.
A Seventy- Year-Old Man Sentenced to
Ten Year* in Folsom.
Alexander Thompson was yesterday
morning sentenced to Folsom prison for
ten years by Judge Belcher.
Thompson is over seventy years of age,
and has thirteen prior convictions against
him. His latest crime was an attempt to
commit burglary in the house of Julia
Flynn, at 1113>i Leavenworth, on March
20 last.
The old man has spent most of the past
thirty years in prison, and did not seem to
care when he was virtually condemned to
pass the remainder of his days there.
Judge Belcher also sentenced Clarence
Turner, a young scoundrel, to four years
in Folsom.
Turner is the rough who assaulted
O T. Dyer, In the Baltimore Hotel, sev
eral months ago, and attempted to rob the
place. He conn of a good family, but is
a murderous thief. When he was arre-ted
a pistol and a couple of masks were found
in his posession.
Turner's attorneys moved for a new
trial, but the court refused to grant it.
CONTRACT AWARDED.
Printing Committee Will Have Twenty
Thousand Souvenir Programmes
Printed for the Fourth.
At a meeting of the printing committee
of the Fourth of July Committee yester
NEW TO-DAT DRY GOODS.
day it was decided to give the contract for
the printing of i he programmes and sou
venirs for the Fourth to the Merchants'
Publishing Company, this company hay
: ing bid the more favorably.
There will be 20,000 official programmes
printed, the covers of which will be tri
color and ornately designed with the em
blem of the eagle. There will also be
printed 5000 programmes of the literary
and patriotic exercises which will take
place at the Mechanics' Pavilion on the
night of the Fourth.
The costume of a Russian nurse consists
of a red velvet skirt, a black velvet bodice
and a bright blue satin apron, embroidered
with gray flowers, and on the head a won
drous riata of red velvet, with gaudy gold
ornaments.
HEWS OF THE CHURCHES.
A New Episcopal Missionary Ap
pointed to the Richmond
District.
An Italian Newspaper Deplores Rev.
G. Vinai's Sudden Dis
missal.
Bishop Nichols has appointed Rev. H.
Horace Clapham to take charge of St.
James Mission. The new missionary ex
pects to make his home in the Richmond
District, and will devote his entire time
and energy to the upbuilding of his
promising mission. Mr. Clapham has for
some time been the rector of St. Luke's
Episcopal Church, Los Gatos, and great
regret is expressed by his parishioners
there at his loss. His health has not been
very good lately, and it was in the hope of
regaining it in the sea breezes that he de
cidtd to come to this City.
Bishop Nichols is anxious to utilize Rev.
H. Horace CJapham's talent in building
up a church in the Richmond District. He
is a man of great energy, and is said to be
a very able preacher.
According to l'ltalia, one of the chief
organs of the Italian colony here, the
work of the Presbyterian Mission at North
Beach will suffer a severe blow from the
dismissal of Rev. G. Vinai by the San
Francisco Presbytery. Commenting on
this matter yesterday this newspaper
said :
"Rev. Q. Vmai depends directly upon the
Presbyterian sect, winch to make a propo
ganda of its creed called him to San Fran
cisco irom South Carolina, where his daily
bread was secured. We have made in
quiries as to whether the condition of
these churches is of such stringency as to
necessitate the summary dismissal of a
man who is sick, has a family depending
on him, and is without any means. We
have learned that many of the churches
are rich, especially the First Presbyterian
Church on Van Ness avenue, of which the
Rev. Dr. Mackenzie is pastor, and that it
could easily pay up its arrears to the
Italian missionary."
The article concludes by stating that
without an example of more Christian
charity toward the pastor ti:ere is very
little hope that any religious propaganda
undertaken by the Presbytery will accom
plish anything at North Beach.
The feast of St. Aloysius, which falls to
day, will be celebrated in St. Ignatius
Church with extra solemnity. Rev.
Father Cottelli, S, J., will conduct the
musical services. For the solemn high
mass at 10:30 a. m. Fauconier's mass in G,
with the "Benedictus" from Battista, ana
"Quis Ascendet" (by Cartoni) as offertory,
will be rendered by the full male choir,
with the chorus of fifty voices, accompanied
on the organ by Maurice W. U'Connell,
organist and musical director.
In the evening at 7:30 o'clock Rossi's
"Vespers" will be sung, and for benedic
tion, which follows, the choir will render
Cartoni's "Quis Ascendet " and Merca
dante's "Taiuum Ergo." The soloists will
be Messrs. D. If. Jones, J. G. Morrissey,
G. Berger and G. V. Wood.
Rev. H. J. Collis, who is now pastor of
the African M. E. Zion Church on Stock
ton street, is holding services there every
Sunday, both morning and evening.
Dog ftirmint: is carried on extensively in
Ctiina. There are thousands of Jurge
breeding establishments scattered over the
northern districts of Manchuria and Mon
golia, and no dogskins in the world can
compare with those that come from these
parts as regards either size, quality or
length of hair.
THINGS ARE
WARMING UP.
FIREWORKS!
rilllL iff UilllQi
We put up Assorted Boxes for Chil-
; dren, including Firecrackers, Torpe-
| does, etc., for 91. S'-J and S3.
"We make a specialty of Lawn Dig-
! plays— assortments for »5, #8, .*1 - U2O
: and upward.
Special Designs, Portraits and sugges-
, tive effects in Fireworks made to order»
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO.
Salesroom 219 Front Street,
Upstairs,
BET. SACRAMENTO AND CALIFORNIA.
Telephone No. Front 38.
i ', : ~ ——————
|VITALITYinMFN|
•</~\Restored*
<*sr *<$<fX**&''i& Falling Be xuol^^
©'ZfWv/lA *\ >•»$ J*» Strength in Old or^3^
/M^CJwC^S^-*^ Young Men can be^S?
• - ' •"Mp_i^S>_*^--^^ 1 quickly and rciiMA-A
/ , '^//SSy- "If -*iS NKSTLY cured bymcEa
mm. vVeT-9lm& ! *h,^^ *° a healthy, vigorounj!:
SX& '" r !^lWi7S!^'j^m \ state. Sufferers fromfiß
®MMsk Nervous %
• W-7^ Debility
• : :>'Mt * Weakness A
Ijgll Varlcocele. g
MV V UfV,Y&I and all diseases,^B
*%■ il^uill ° u|<i "■■"« to me for ■ d ' |<! ' >^c
v\i I \ /«_ <«_n
• I lmvo been ti clo».e f'J^i'^Mta^ %? ©
_, ptudentformanyyeurs LVIJ-S^-*^*' '>4 JrcL
iSfcof thosubjoctof wpnk- tr s^Wa^fc^-ij ~ t! 1 KiQ
\gyiieKsin men, the fact \^!w^^S\L£r
I iru9 iis>titTi j rer my- '£>V»— <£■
■§H.'lf. Too baohful to - jfF&^fajfis. «0
©seek the aid of older /fi/WJ\r^it//\ 2
men or reputable i>hy- /Mfi Xs/f/MV/A UM
sicians, I inTOstiKote.l /*»! /MmMX „*
•tho subject deeply and (>_|f/ .'T'/Mj 4»&
discovered » simrla tf^> I >^-<s >IjJ JSP
most remarkably VC^L'.ii^- jj*3uf £S\
•but remark.ilily \^ A^. Jjtyitf S3
successful Remedy \S H&f4Ci / //7>775. S
thut completely cured \ , .>Xj±<+*\ 2
Am", an<l fully enlur ed mo Sflrf^/, ? »MJ
«» from a shrunken, Ktuutcd rfNfif-'^ \ j/tflffflfa W
©condition to natural size /, Jr V,l XsJT WBM
and strenpth. lwantevery l'/JF.\\\\l tHf
younsor old man to know Tim \\ll
fiQnbontit. 1 tnkoui'trsonal VfV \i fig
S^^younijoroKl mun to know \\\l [I . W
abootit. 1 takoaptrsonal v^ \\i v
interettt in snch cu«es,and \\\l
®no one need hesitate to vl L* ggk
write me, asallcommuni- tteß& vi Hop
cations are bold strictly . *r
•catloni are Ificnd the rocipeol thiareraPdTJLs]
confidential. I send the recipe of thisremedy^H
absolutely free of cost. Do not put it off, but'^
A>r:i<> mit fully at once, you will ulwaja blessiSs|
mrthe day you did so. Address, •• ■ Wf
©•■ THOMAS SLATER. Boa) 3383 **.
Shipper of fampu, kiil.iai:w.... Celery, i! n.ni.'u. Ulch.^^
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
INSECT BITES.